WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 166 . iht same. and ronscnuentlv parties in interest. If sexual intercourse of itself constituted the which.1 am charged, covcreci by the indictment J could not admit that I I can state that I have not counseled in public or private, any vm to break ' the land. r VI hold that all men are equally responsible before the law. And while I have no desire, in the least degree, to put myself in a defiant position to the . . . I .i.tfA a.unc 4. Jims di my tumry, unicib i couiu cijcpnto nf Vinnnr nnrl manhnnrl sfiH lilnf nut e'rv feeling of humanity from my soul, I could not re wTth- pudiate the - contracts before mentioned, out-thfull consent and desire of all parties in interest; and it is my desire, so far as I may have to f)rovide for the wants and th flnnnrtumtv. ' rr necessities of those women who are the mothers of mv children : whose crav hairs show ur.mistak- able evidence of their decline in life. If I could prove to your honor, and it would free me from punishment, that for the three years covered by the indictment I had not visited either of the houses of those women to inquire after the wants of their families arid brovide for their necessities. nnd had. not assisted Iherrr in fine hour of afiltction and sore trial ; that I had not given them any more time of the am guilty. "" or advisedy .v, the laws of - . L 1 . . I I .4 - e . - , ICtUSJUlHUU, UUU lilUUi-- r ... IdCV " CIC StldUgClS. lilt verdict in my heart would be that Lwas entirely " destitute of moral courage, and that I was deserving of just condemnation. I would prefer to suffer e your-indulgenc- ''-- - , . . , . . ; Prest. Eliza Larsen of Spring City .was the firit'speaker. Said the girls took .quite an interest, and were "always ready aud willing to respond; ' -- Was pleased with the presence of our Territorial "President, Sister E, S. Taylor,,, who attended the conference by special re-- . "Prest: Ellis Mt. Pleasant NorthDayf. to meet with the sisters, iu - Ward was happy conference, and i'elt well paid for coming.. Said she realized to some extent the importance of ' Mutual Improvement. Prest. Ella Wheelock represented the Y. h. M, L A. of Mi Pleasant "South Ward. Said, 'Qur'' weekly, meetings 'seem more interesting ' and beneficial now4liat we meet conjointly with Ass't Sec. Annie the young men." Felt it was.a hard task to Salt Lake City. . 'ariie to speaks but relied on the Lord. . v r Coun. Hannah Wickman made a few re- nrarksrrreprcsen tati ve of the -Lphraim, UTAH STAKE T. A. Sister Taylor; then addressed the audience. Dear Editor: Spoke of the duties and requirements of officers; also of the early organization of the Thinking you would like to hear from this Y. L- and 1. M. "The rule is that we should part (Goshen) once more, ! .will send a few meet separately, but exceptions" to thjs rule Hues: have been 'permitted in wards where there is Some .of the sisters from here attended not a sufficient number of people to Primary conference at Provo, and we think it have two associatious. - Gave youug some very gocd would not be amiss to mention the good times should- meet .reasons -why :iheyoung4adies met at 10 o'clockon" we and only conjointly once a month. the 8th of March in the new Tabernacle at first "In the place, we all qeed a testimony for Provo, to hold a business rneeting.: Although it was raining, there ' were a ' goodly number ourselves, or we cannot withstand temptatit-- of and for this , reason a part and present, and our dear President, Louie Felt, our persecution; exercises should consist of bearing was there. Prest. Annie K. Sraoot' was very but it is very embarassing for our bashmuch pleased to see so many sisters present, and nearly all the wards in the Stake y ere ful girls to speak their feelings in the presence of the opposite sex. Also certain .subjects perrepresented. Some very good. counsel an.d intaining to our mortal lives should be taught struction for the benefit of the Primary Associations were given. Nearly all the sisters spoke, by our presidents and older sisters; which v and bore faithful testimonies to the truth of could not be done in a mixed assembly." Advised all to studjr physiology JDAvelt at Jen gt h this work. 7" Prest. Felt spoke very encouragingly and upon the manner in which Associations should be organized or reorganized, and possible diffiwas full of the' spirit of her mission; thought Sister Kmoot had cause to be proud ot her culties settled, namely, by applying to our su.'' periors. Spoke of the lack of reverence and '.. Stake. much space to mention all respect for the priesthood and ordinances of It will take-to- o the Gospel, such as baptism, the Sacrament of that spoke, but we had a time of rejoicing toSupper, keeping the Sabbath day It was mentioned by one of- - the gether. holy, respecting old age, etc. Exhorted the speakers, that if ever there was a band of sisters met together with one PieaH and one rqind girls to have confidence in their mothers, and . ' Cart-wright- , " " - " ; - Those women have their own homes and farms, and hold the title to them in their own right; and so far as peace arid good crdeT are concerned,"; they will compare favorably w ith the same number anywhere, and I am grateful to state that up to the present not one' disgraceful act has or can be recorded againsT any one of my families. If it please your honor, I respectfully ask you to defer sentence until you hive carefully considered all the facts In the above statements. Having full confidence in your intelligence and high sense of honor, equity and justice, I trust that you will use the discretion you possess and mete out to me the same measure that you would desire meted out to you if our conditions w ere reversed., Thanking and patience, 1 have no you lor more to say." m I. A. ofSanpete Stake, held at Spring, City, March 10, 1888, PrcsTTIelen Armstrong presiding. Singing by the choir. Prayer by Hm. "R.' K. A'llred. Sinsinir. Reports from the" different Assoclatioas Were then "read -- by JV M - 'punishment undeserved rather than escape under those circtmistances, wheri it was justly deserving. : ones for theyjwere innocent. : SaidGpd jvas our Father and he had a greardeal more. power than our earthly parents; wanted us to do good through all our lyes. She was pleased with the questions and answers On good behavior, and hoped the p--j Lord would bless us. y-Sister Fletcher made some very good remarks. Said nine years ago she was chosen President of fhe Primary of tlie Eighth Ward.'' She had a great interest in children through 'all her lire wished us to improve ourtime for this' Was the time to learn1 Hoped the boys did not drink smoke, and said many good things strongdrinksor ' to encourage Tus7 Slnglngi'Marching home.' u". ward' Prayer by Sister Wells. " At the close of the meeting oranges and other dain ties "were served to all the children. The sister's partook of refreshments in the vestry w hich had been prepared by the Primary Associa.ion. All present enjoyed themselves very much and were much pleased, with the entertainment :V had-togetheh- -Vc , . tesli-mon- y, --- . - ; PRIMARY REUNION". the-Lord'- s Meeting of Eighth Ward Primary Association Jieldliarch.J9tlMS8Sr.,ia.i.hei..'.usuaLpL'icer PresiV dent jane Cowan presiding. Opened by singing Tt was atlhat meetinor. "Gladly Meeting." Prayer by E. B. Fletcher. Prest. A. K. Smoot felt to praise the Lord Singing, "Beautiful Zion." Roll called, 87 memfor. His goodness. A few verses that had- been bers present. Minutes of the last meeting read composed by Emma L. 'Jenkins, were read. and accepted. Programme as follows: Sammie At the close of the meeting, Sister Smoot Lee, Essay, "good order;" Recitation, Ida Houtz; kindly invited all the sisters, to dinner in the Questions and answers on good behavior, by the basement of the Tabernacle. Bro. Jensen children; Song by the children; Recitation by and wife, with a goodly number of young Mollie Connelly; Song by some of the boys and ladies, had tHe dinner arranged very nicely; girls of the Primary. the sisters had spaced no pains to make all Prest. E, C. Ciawson made some very good recomfortable; there was an abundance of good marks; was pleased with the programme things for all and plenty left. Great praise is we would profit by the good instructions we might duo to the sisters of Provo in providing for the hear the golden rule and said, aicomfort of those who live at a distanced . , In the afternoon the children of the different rways do good for evil ; also that a very good motto " td" 'Tis better was, suUerwrong than to do wards met with their several presidents aud we if us Asked asked the Lord to help went through, their exercises with credit to wrong." us to obey onr teachers. Repeated the commandthemselves and those who. had the training of them- - I feel that a great deal of ment, "Honor thy father and thy mother," eic good isbe-in- g done in the Primary' Association with the Asked how many kept the, word of wisdom, and hovr many knew what it was? Prayed the Lord children, but till there are many yet, who 7:1 could attendilhe Primary ancnio nok .to bless us all. .jT'TZ liver wishing you well, U the prayer of Counselor L.A. Wells said, she felt a great in the children, and she.knew that we were " ' ThlJIA L. J ENK15S. trying to be good. Asked how many prayed every and night morning, and many hands were raised; "SAXfETE STAKE. told us to have faith in God. She thought th prayers of little children were greater than older Minutes of quarterly conference of the Y. ; - -- if-tere- st SUiAir-UoB'KRT.- V' -- tnei rsoiiTiirjf TneoraeTS-ireotn-at 1 daughters might trust and confide in them! "Rememberi you are forming your characters and wielding an influence over your Surroundings. Be carufurwhat company you keep, for by it you are judged; do not descend to anything low or vulgar, but rather try to reform such r., and bring them to your standard. Convex your ideas in pure, simple language, which, does not necessarily mean words Cultivate music. Live so that the Spirit of the Lord may" dwelf in you." Closed by asking the blessings, of God upon all. :: Sister M. AHyde had been much 'edified by Sister Taylor's remarks, and' was thankful for her presence. Knew the Spirit of the Lord' had been in our midst. ' '".: Coun Stena Willardson hoped we would carry out the good instructions given; felt to add anything to what had been said "We should seek, for the "good Srufit'touidev; r us, that we may 'prove iaithfuL" .77 - Prest. Helen Armstrong made n few closing remarks; thanked Sister Taylor for her visit." Reviewed the past nine years since the Stake organization, and her experience as president of the same, with pleasure. Stated: that her resignation had been aeceptotl by Prest Peter- high-soundin- and-phrase- : g s. . : ", , ' un-ab- le , 