WOMAN'S EXPONENT. LOVE IS ALL. SUGGESTIVE THOUGHTS. , We two in the fever and fervor: and glow Of life's high tide have rejoiced together, We have looked but over the glittering snow , . And known we were dwelling in summer weather; For the seasons are made by the heart, I hold, heat or cold. . And not by the out-do- or idle who might be better employed." d - . Wa turn hnvt mpasiirffl a!1 dfnthc all ha'rrhfi? We have bathed in tears, we have sunned in.laugh'ter, We have known all sorrows and all delights; ' They never ctmld keep us apart hereafter. . . " as any body, but I think we.should indulge in fancy work about as rwe would eat a piece of cakeTora aiiliT)! ice cream. ihere(is so much earnest work ; to do, so much to Jearn that is really necessary to health and happiness -- and we weary both body and'brain, expend nervous vitality upon things that are worse than useless .because' the profit or pleasure does not overbalance the outlay, of time and strength. It is a nice point to be able to'define the time" when 'spare moments can be profitably spared for much that we do. : .: often think if youngjadies could look into the depths of their ignorance, and sense how poorly equiped "they are, with a knowledge of I 1 If they took my soul intd paradise . And told me I must be content without you, I would weary them so with my lonesome cries, a'botit you," - AnT the ceaseless questions-TaskeThey would Open the gates and set me free, Or else they would find you and bring you to me. Ella WheelIcr Wi lcox. " I want to hear the birds now mamma soo busy; 1 ve so nia-jini- a; uh, sing, too. much fancy work to do forjnir little girl." So theeary little brain,, hungry for a story,. gpes vui aioiie to jearn us own itsuus vi guuu ur evil. Wluit beautiful flowers of ..thought and happiness'The mother has' denied her child's heart, to work them on the perishable dress. When'the lovely daughter, has wandered from . is true wisdom to know just what to do at the right time. "Aunt "Polly" sef me to thinking, or rather set old thoughts in motion, in her article on "Fancy Work," iii a recent issue of the Exponent. I have an eye. for the beautiful, and love to see. pretty. Things about as well sorrow walked to and fro, Where Mack-robeAnd fear and trouble wiih phan tom faces Peered out upon us and froze, our blood, Though June's fair roses were all in bud. . d pretty flovvers; It : , Wherever your spirit was sent I know I would defy earth, or heaven to go. is "l - ' We two jn the shadows of pain and woe, . Have journeyed together in dim, dark places, -- 11 your control,' think, ohrvain mother, that, per haps, you dug the unpayable gul ph.. between needle or a crochet you with an " embroitry L. T. F.. hook. . . NOTES AND NEWS. The Chicago Law Timed and Bradweirs Appellate Couli Reports & re publ ished and edited , by female lawyers. f" . There are probably a thousand women in the city of Pittsburgh who work in ironrnills, making bolts, nuts, hinges and barbed wire. Mrs. Tennyson is degeribedas a sweet grace the requiremen ts due.theklii'erWorky . they would see; fewer spare .'moments which they ml woman, with singularly winning, gentle would be willing to devote to fancy work. manner but lookirg pamfurly fragile and wan. Many devotees of the crochet hook, embroidery needle, and other implements of ornamentation, .Queen Victoria is the first English reigning for lack of time their deplore sovereign who has visited Florence since the As they approach the-ho- ly temple ofmatri-mony- , time of the Crusades, when Kichard I. passed their thoughts are not so much upon the . through the city, duties the of of intelligent management grave Mrs. Livermore and Mrs Stanton, in 18G9, in home and family, as upon (he ornamenting of the home and the trimming of the wedding Illinois, were not allowed to speak until they had paid a license of five dollars. 4But now," trousseau.- - Oh, the endless yards "of edging, " ric rac, feather edge, novelty, etc, and the said Mrs. Livermore at tb$ suffrage festival, "instead of paying for a license to speak, we tedious hours of stitching tucking and ruffling dollar come and enemy r theniaehiue,-- w bich manV make every body pay a r hear." girls take pride in doing themselves till theY weddmir morn finds them exhausted in vital The Empress Victoria of Germany has the ten around nerves tightest force, pranking turned inventor. . From plaus drawn by her, a sion, the emotions in an overwrought state or Writing desk has been manufketured which excitement; but pride and vanity are gratified, enables the Emperor to write whether lying:in and a false and injurious custom smiles grimly bed or standing up. It i available in any at the sad havoc its tyrauny has made. position, and the mechauTsm is said to be in-- , Now comes the reaction, pay day is at hand; tricate and remarkably effective. N';: the shouldj-beblooming bride is more like a self-improverhe- THOUGHTS. After the Death of our Beloved and Sister, Susan K. Greene. -- Aged ' ' Qne more body now is resting, One more spirit nowisTree; One more pilgrim iiQme is welcomed 'Midst a glorious jubilee. , o-n- the-woma- n's - What" is death unto that body, Is new life unto the soul; For this day 'tis born in heaven, Born, and journeys toward its goal. 'Long and patiently she's waited, -- : ; Waited for this day of rest. "I am ready when the Lord sees Fit for me to be so "blest.' sheJias ljeenomiserable ever-sinher marriage, But liasjtried to xegaiij the liwilted-Ajwe- r; - is itrnorantly supposed to be the p laws. of families, carried away, so to speak, by the ' Co., Idaho, April 19,1883. decorative "craze," and tlie fear, and torture of body and mind, which many mothers experience in the rearing of their families, in ignorance of the simple, laws of health, is sad to contemplate. If baby has the colic or any simple ailment or diseasfe of childhood, the mother is powerless, till grandma or the doctor "arrives; or if indigestion overtakes any member of the family, as the result of ignorance in preparing digestible food, the same difficulty is ever present. "Oh, mamma ! read me a pretty story," says the little child, who has. lived, despite its mother's ignorance. "No,darling,mamma hasn't time; see the pretty flowers ! am making on your dress." "Take me into the field for . ' x - . Louisa Pickett. a .. Not only are young ladies, but the mothers And we know that now she's mingling With her loved ones gone before; Has regained her Father's presence, And does dwell with Him once more ; Marioo,-Cassi- natural condi Had all the misplaced tion of maternity. the affection, misspent time, misapplied energy been devoted to a proper and intelligent preparation for the wreddiug, by taking a course of medical studies without which no woman's education can be complete how different would be the results. As every mother is to be warden of the life and health of her home, so should she know how to administer their Shall we mourn her? O, how can we, When she's longed so much to go? And we know that now she's happy,-- : Free from all earth's care and woe. That when called to cross the river, We, like her, may ready stand, And may sail into the harbor, Where all faithful Saints will land. i r thorough, housewife's training. She can eev,r' make brad, and do everything she would have to do, were she Jated to necome the wire of a All the Princesses of Hesse were poor man trained jn this way by their mother,, the late . ot Oueen ;Victoria -. daurrhter o n " ' Ex. 7 Mr3. Maria E-- Beasley, of Philadelphia, has made a fortune by the invention of a machine for the construction of barrels, which, up to that time, had ben madeialmost wholly by hand. The machiueis worked by three men and turns out more than 600 completed barrels a day. Mrs. I3easleyx was born in North Carolina, of wealthy parents. She possesses remarkable mechanical genius. Her first in-- ; vention was a machine for hooping barrels. It will hoop 1,70.0 barrels a day, and is used by.-the. Standard Oil Company.-AjS!- r. The Boston (lobe advises husbands to take home flowers to their wives at thiseason of he year. The Globe says, "It is oftn too true that the very men who think nothing is too good for a girl whn they are winning her, seem to think that , anything or nothing-P- is good i3 won. she But married once her for enough men are 'not' all of that stripe. There are" Benedicts who keep up the sweet old ways, and regularly buy a bunch of posies lor their better halves. Why can't all men realize that it isn't enough just to love their wives?. Why can't they show that they love them? If husbands would show a little more attention to their wives, there would be fewer divorce cases in our courts." (rrand-dnchegs- ,. ' -- she's crossed that mystic river, Crossed unto the other side. Yes, this time they came to meet her, Bore her o'er the waters wide. Let us keep her pure example In our hearts and dealings too; Let us profit by her teachings To our God be faithful, true. of :H esecho-hajustriBarieu I'rince Henry ofl'russia, has received a Prmci-Iren- . Now , e ! ,zz Nor was there to guide her o'er, So she slowly back would totter, TJack to work a little more. ce buoyancy by forcing herself into increased excitement and gaiety. Oh, the fatal mistake .Rest, rest is "the proper tonic. sacred mysteries of . In this state she meets the maternity; but, instead ot becoming the qualified guardian of so precious a trust as a human old-tim- Many times her steps have wandered To the mystic river's brink; it near she's times, Many lingered ; She had crossed they'd almost think. 7TjufioangH& her beckoned, . -- , , 