1 A ' O V WOMAN'S EXPONENT. j. OM AN'S EM ME U& J. Ex i '0NEN.fi zt Editor. WELLS, moved, until this objection cowed .to exist, they could not hope to secure aumissiuu ujmc umuu. -- MrfCalne'a remarks upon this view, ?f the 'case After reasoning- - at some were very apropos. and pro length upon the mala .questions at issue, thiv in Salt Lake atr.Utah Terms: testing most urgently against tne statements mauc, that the "Mormon" people are "Insincere In the on vo .r. U.. ouo copy six mG&t&a, ft 00. Ten nn..nn. WMV Vwr TAf'tKo ndce of nine. articles punishing offenders against the Lonstltu of nonpareil Id vertMnT rates: Each square, ten" .lines tional enactment which prohibits plural marriage AnHmp.2.S0: W month. 53.00. A UUral discount or polygamy and 'So forth, and presenting every '. 'o regular advertisers' second phase of these matters and In the most emphatic Exponent office." Ko. 25 E., South Tempi Street, W row bours gate ea of Deseret "News Office.. Business way proving his assertions, by pointed facts'", he' V. 6 Sunday. except to p.m. every day, says, "There Is not and never has been, an inten Addres all busineaa. communication, to tion on the part of the Mormons to set up a Church r rCBLISIIER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ictah!ishmenr or to countenance a union of I ..Salt Lake Citt. Utah. church and state. They had an excellent oppor- tunity to unite ecclesiastical and civil affairs when 1,1888. March Salt, Lake Cm', they settled in Salt Lake Valley, before it had be come a part of the Territory of the United States ; but 'they did nothing of the kind. On the contrary, COMMENTS. when in 1849 they formulated, a Constitution for asked to be admitted to We have received, by courtesy of the- .Hon.-Joh- .the State of Deseret,-anthe Union." the preamble to the Constitution T. Caine, the pamphlet containing the argudeclared: ments before the Committee on Territories of the adopted March ip, 1849, " 'Whereas; a large number of citizens of the Senate of th,e United States in regard to the ad-- , Federar-UniaiiUnitedStates7"before and since" the treaty . of mission of Utah asn State into the The hearing took place on the 18th of February. peace with the Republic of Mexico, emigrated to and settled in that portion of the Territory of There were present of the Committee. Messrs. of the Rocky States lying-we- st a nH Ta r ni . The oe n i n 2 are unife nt was made by- Hon. F. S. Richards, who was frequently interUpper California; and, "Whereas, by reason of said treaty, all civil rupted by the members of "the committee asking questions more particularly upon polygamy, the. organizations originating from the Republic of percentage of it in the population of the Territory, Mexico became abrogated; and, and the distinctions between the terms plural and 'Whereas, the Congress of the United States Richards quoted parts has failed to provide a form of civil government celestial marriage, etc. Mr. ' . . . . . . . of the revelation on celestial marriage in ci: for the Territory so acquired, or any portion thereof; and, planation of statements, and. after many questions ' 'Whereas, answers by isa fundamental principle in ell from the honorable gentleman, and : r . . 01 me hook Mr. Richards, he also auotea irom republican governments, that all political power is the to in inherent in the people, and governments instituted and objection Doctrine Covenants, reply urged against Utah's admission on account, as the for theii4 protection, security and benefit should objectors put it," a hierarchy or the union of emanate from the same; " "lheretore, your, committee beg leave to familiar are this the 'adoption of the following Constibut recommend people pages 483 and 484, Stewart further on in tition until the Congress of the United States with the subject.,-Senat- or shall otherwise provide for the government of the the argument referred to pages 418 and 419, with Territory hereinafter named and described. regard to 'tithing, which Mr. Richards answered of questions very fully, but it led to a number There are paragraphs quoted also by' Mr. Caine have which to must from the committee, been, say from that which fully establish the least, very tiresome, for in reading it it seems the claim made that the Mormons have always that the subject Jhas been explained to the membeen loyal and consistent with the government bers of Congress so many times. They even went under which they live, and from which they have into the minutiae of ascertaining the meaning of an unquestionable right to protection, . I must Richards the term ""In the Constitution of 1849 the people provided have been verv wearvjc answerinc so many irrele- - as Mr. Caine vant questions, for instance, relating to tithing, shall make no law respecting an establishment of what it was used for, .how Brigham Young obreligion," and forbade the ''subordination or tained the land upon which the Brigham Young preference of any one. sect or denominationto another." Academy was located, and Zion's and its how .Mercantile Institution, incorporated We have quoted this preamble because we know connection with the Church. Every little quibble there are many of the people who are not familiar and objection and suspicion has been answered with the matter contained in that first State conone would think, unanswerably and in choice lanstitution prepared and forwarded so soon after the guage and eloquent terms. settlement of these valleys. There are very few There are quite a number of points in the argucopies of it now in existence, but it was a most ment of Mr. McDonald, that it would be well for excellent document, and sufficiently proves the all women to study as well as men. and that are loyalty of the men who formulated it, and their devotion to. their country and its institutions. not only strong and forcible, but interesting to Some of these brave and honorable and honest lovers of freedom and good government. After men still live, and some have Mr. McDonald there was a recess of twenty gone where they no minutes, and then the Delegate from' Utah, Hon. longer need to petition in vain for the rights they John T. Caine, spoke upon the same question! In were so justly entitled to; but their works and opening his argument, Mr. Caine stated that, "The their noble deeds live after them, and even these are called in question In the people of Utah have on four several occasions Congress of .the to in be form their application United States, as, for instance, how presented regular Brigham admitted as a State into the Union. In numbers Young obtained the land or the means'to endow the Academy in Logan? etc. they were sufficient, and the importance and ex - tent of their material interests were not questioned. The report of the hearing in full is so exceedThe one obstruction which stood in jht way the ingly interesting that it is a difficult matter to com one objection which was raised Was the; practice ment upon it at aU in so short an article a, tM. of plural marriage, or polygamy in the Territory. but we do hope that the women of Utah will' were told that until re was this obstacle They caretuiiy read and study the arguments usd jn ... '. t-- . - d ' - v r -St- the-Unit- ed- ewart.-Butler.-P-aVne Mountain3-and-ia"the-Great-InteriorBas- inof . - 1 , first-constituti- - tt r Co-operati- -- - H-QO- ' next-addresse-d - , MvivuiUj "party should have a chance to reply." Mr. Richards: "That is all we ask." The Committee finally adjourned with the understanding that there would be another opportunity to hear the opponents, and also for Mr. Richards to reply t mistatements. - - r. favor Of the admission, and also notice the flimVo reasoning of the opponents ostatehood for Utah and questions asked by the Jgreat.men'of the nation upon subjects as .farpiiiar to the veritable citizens of Utahas their A B C. The fourth argument. was made by Jexe contains much strong reamiah M. Wilson, and the of evidence in position taken, viz., ta soning situation the here, and to assist 1V represent establishing, by indisputable facts, the 'claims of Utah for admission into the Federal Republic. '. After the conclusion of Mr. Wilson's argument, which was not wanting In any particular of cover, ing the remaining groundif there was a point left to be covered by the able, speakers who preceded him, Senator Cullom announced to the Chairmaa .that Mr. Dubois, the delegate from Idaho, by the request of Judge "Baskin, who had. been called home, would like to say a few words if the other gentleman had concluded their remarks. Hon F. T. Dubois the Commit- tee. ills statements were outer and misleading, and many of them absolutely false." After Mr. Dubois had misrepresented, slandered and abused ' the people of Utah all he could, Mr. Richards -- asked permission for a few minutes in which to reply. Senator Cullom: "If this is to be a joint discussion, first one side and then the other, we will never get to the end of It." Senator Paddock wanted tVi'nthr 5f! - tr hn. - a Viir? t.. USU4UI 0 Cullom thought so too. ' After some questions and replies, Senator Butler said, "I think we EDITORIAL NOTES. It will be seen by the adve rtisement on another Dr. Fill's R.- .Shinn that Kf,:- rr Shipp will commence a class in obstetrics, on Monday, April' 12th, 1888, together. The success which has hitherto attended the efforts and labors of these two ladies in this department of the pro. fession, as well in practice as in teaching,, is such as to recommend them to .TKc public without comment. They have taken great pains to prepare themselves in their profession for a life work, and certainly they seem well adapted to the calling they have chosen. It is a noble and a erand one. and every woman who devotes her 'time and J itakmritTthe healfng of the sick and the afflicted wins tor herself a tender place in the community where she resides. The mission of a nurse, a midwife or a physician is not only a- necessary and useful one, butone rich in blessedness. Some women are by nature gifted in administering to the sick; they may have, a gentle touch, a sympathy that relieves and carries comfort naturally, and these gifts, combined with intelligence and skill, when properly trained, are a blessing to those about them, and their services are alwavs in demand. We cannot have too many skilled and f ! I J disciplined nurses; every mother, if possible, should have some methodical training in these things. Some settlements are deficient In help of this kind, and much suffering has (wet have heen informed), occurred in consequence of the lack of competent persons who knew what to do in rases of emergency. The advertisement says, personally or bv letter for full narticulars to 59 S., First East St., Salt Lake City. ; THK "office Of the Juvtmle Instructor In tk!s city recently issued a pamphlet of nearly 40 pages, entitled, "The Life and Labors of EHra R qnow Smith, With a Full Account of Her Funeral A short preface states. "Thera Is noaool- ogy necessary for the publication of this little pamphlet containing a brief account of the "life Dae-- e "i mnr r i - "Com-munica- Ser-vices- te ." 