' - r t ; "THE1 J:';','i ' RED-ROO- ANDUMdRNIKG GLORY. ' : - T : J her ulearnJ as;welltf.jind pq?t of, thf read era. of-tXjXPQsext kuow Jier toojior hegood she haa done in tbe.miit of the .women of Utah. he ' hoars." ' As the moon rose in the sfiy. ' I went to refresh my flowers, irt. For the air ,was hot! and dry. . .1 Why JshouUJ. this, weed he. growing , Here at the top of. the bed, To, drink of the draught ! am throwing ! . LlRonmnia BOPratfr was the, first Utah woman fo devote1 herself to thestudy of jnedicinej)She one ?day saw - a friend . die; die for the want of medical assistance. . She says: :f 'I saw her, lying on her bed, her life slowly ebbing away, and no one near" knew how to ease Jber pain or pre- yent Jberdeath; it was a natural enough case, and a little knowledge might, have saved her. jOhi how I longeo! to know something to, do, and at that moment I solemnly vowed to my- ' self never to be found in such apposition again, and it was my ainf ever afterward to. arrange; my life work that I might study , the science which-woulrelieve suffering, appease. 7 painr d prevenfcJeath." c Mrs. Pratt was an . educated, accomplished young woman, and was very fond of music, an which' she has utilized "most accomplishment ' i beneficially since becoming a physician, for she says through practicing on the. piano keys her fingers attained a delicate touch, which is quite i necessary to a physician, especially in operating j on. that tendefest organ, the eye, one of her specialties. Mrsr Pratt entered the Woman's Medical College in Philadelphia in 1873, 'and graduated four years later, 1877.' the college In the ! terms of 187677 she filled the position as student in; the. New England.. Hospital for women and children in Boston, which.. she regarded as a very great privilege and advantage to her, q But not yeC satisfied, jshe. remained :, Dr. Pratt began the stud v of medicine, there wer others who saw the necessity, of women physicians in,Utah, and who were .filled with a tirnfiriVnt in fk .,rYnfeiaemn ,.. nai. nas, Deen earn oi xr.( rrati s worK in ,i medicine, might also be said of. the. other lady r physicians, with little difference . concerning 7specialties, etc. -"' v"; Ellis R. Shipp was , the second Mormon woman to,; graduate in medicine. AShe. jjeft home ni 1875,; and received, her, degrte in 1878.. vMr8. Shipp 'had been always much de voted to vher home, and family, and it was a -great effort -- lor- her- - to - leaver herr hom eiand 7 young children, for so long aUime, ,but ishe realized the great benefit which must! follow Hp.ftirfi.tn my empty hacket-,- ; 1 And took hold of the weed, . i J Up by the roots to pluck it, t ; :Ere it should scatter its !.:. seed, n :.. " l But I paused, ,, : , 7 v-'- ' ; $ minS 'In the jL-'- 4 1 , ': IV r-- i -- -- ' ' i- r 1 and .M orning-glor- ot In this flower-be-d Repeat the old,-ol- to story visiting Hydropathic institutions and bospitals, remaining some .weeks in the. Elmira .Water MrsJ Pratt again vrent Eastj Cure. In 1881-Kew .York eye and ear Infirmthe to this time ary, to further her knowledgd in this speciality. ; l)r. Pratt Is an assiduoui worker, and has done' incalculable good, not alone with her. practice, which is auite extensive and successful, but in teaching ta others, Ever since h er return : Parents, protect your flowers 2 1 LVLA-. 1888. 'July.27th,' . , v ( "courses on the eye arid ear at' Willis Hospital, and a dispensary ; on Cheatnut Street. u After leaving Philadelphia, she spent some time in x . - Fqi the ExpotNT. T i ua rrom rnuaaeipma, sne ujtu viaaaco nKfttfttrira about - twice a vear or more, her dudiIs com in e mostl v from the smaller settle-- " men ts) where " th ere j were f no competen t r physicians, and good midlives were a positive neces- women have studied sity.- Some seventy-fiv- e of them have' . under her instruction, and most passed a thorough- examination under, the PART IYr - , . IN medicine. WOJJEW 7 ''.Once upon, a ime'sayg Herodotui,"in the w ... Jand of the wise there were bo doctors, and, we mlgntadJ,;once upon a time,not ytiy (i either t long ago, Jthere were no women doctors, of . the city, thus obtaining fu the lancofj the wise, or; any other land; bat leading physicians certificates 7 authori?ingthem to practice in behold thegrearhahger lantirid. have at ' , Dr. Pratt urged the necessity of a that we can not midwifery. last awakened to the . I ! - ; . -- s ' - reality but that they are a have women doctors, ' only' nature to' 'positive necessity. It is woman jfeajb to !the. ideal, tthe romantic, the pleasurable side of life, tostudyliteTaturert and music, inr ' its 'lhappjj phases, 6ut: to society enjoy,, ' science; with its vast depthj and difficulties, :; has neither been sought nor desired by women ' generally, and even if ' desired, the doors of :: science haye been closed in the faces of woman-ikiti- d untiiia reccntperjod. , Even now 'when, , ' ; ' 1 ; ! " ' " . ; j yr 'ours,''- ' i ; . Here's a lesson for man jr ns others ;r rrrJi .Look well to your daughters' needs; n i . Dont leave 4hem tolling to thos, i l l.'i(V ho mayiroveo be but weeds. ; jThe. Red-ro- - suminer-vacationbetw- een 'i i ' I ,fla4 Xbeenmorp alive toriny daty,"T7 j ,nd displaced ypa lopg ago, t ;1Tiis gentle deUcatebttiuty Had learned without yoa td grow., ,? ' t- : : " - , . could not commit the slanghter, !:; So I said o the Red-roo- r, "Lire, ? And drint still of; the water i m Which I to. my flowerets give. . ) 1 women, are admitted into medical'coHeges, Tand; granted degreesthe majority of raedidal socie-- : ties; refuse t admittance to women- - physicians. Sydney Smith says it takes more time for a women tomake herself charming, than ta make herself learned, yet we know a woman who has not only found time to be charming, bet Hospital, almost immediately after her return from icoUege, and siucev the .founding of the Deseret. Hospital, has been an earnest, worker in. its behalf, and now most raithfully, and : satisfactorily occupies the, position of Resident . MPnysiciac "Mntw , thstandinxa 1 Ur rratt hasaccom scarcely ;begun, for, still young ,and fall, of energy, her labors con,' tinue incessantly; ' and her,, great desire for kn o wled ge com pels her to devotfr m u eh time to ' study, 'that sbe may improve every passing; the . hour; With all her practice an(J stiidy, ' Doctor often finds a few moments for music, charm-in- g painting and light needle work Her countenance, the picture of health and enand joyment, draws one naturally, towards her, plished, her' Hfe-worki- s" rCw7 v-- ; r reed, I seemed to discover. And the vine, which around it clang. ' brave, though, uncouth k7er, -i'And a maiden air and young, ; ! for.close around it lor)f twined; There, before I had found it, r . 1 wo Iires were m one combined. 1 ! . , i ? sat-dow- KpMTrifi , i - Theft- - , aft AlmosMt-thersameTUnorhorUy-- ; ': ! as happy- - as it w useful. busv-Jifesee- ms May it long continue so. -- 7. "At the close of the 'sunny : the separation, not only to them , and herself, but to others, and she overcame her tender Ion gin gs for hom e, and th e hearthstone, for . the good she might do. The. poet says, are' the bravest," and Mft.V Shipp has proven it true.? While ardently engaged in her, studies at v college, and attending; the lectures and operations in the surgery, Mrs. ' Shipp was in delicate ; health.: 80,6,, passed .'through; .with. .proud and fthfult resignation, the hopeful, anxious time of mother fjoo giving birth, while still at college, to , a tieajatiful child, on the 6ti of May, 1877.1 Asjeoon as V herattendants allowed, sliei;wai again pngaged in her,8tudie3f swjth her. jlititle - new jborn Jmbe fj(X)nsUntly near,. that she might care for her, herself... In the face of this devotion jj'wrjo can. ay,ihatscience forewomen ruins, the home; nor did jtbe love and re'pfj thj chiid( binder in any wJ the progress of the motrierf'i stuaies. ;.but, on the. contrary, iberie w life, the nejw joy. . fof thepoliegelife, and Mrs. Shipp obtaineo as iigh a degree and in as snort a penocij as ptnenwnojiap;. no children near to engage,, their itime nd, attention,,! She left college not without her, degree, but with the highest compliments antf reeom- jmendations from,. theiprofessors. .Returning home, Dr, Ellis bhipp spent some rtime iecturingTthrough found many occasions, on her way for practising her profession; also saw the great necessity for classes in obstetrics, and later, when open ing her practi in Salt Lake, she gave instruc- upns, ana some sixiy; women - naye graauatea from her classes, , passing successful examinations under the Jeading physjeians.,, (ThejDr. ia very, popular, especially among ber patients, ; r her beautiful sympathetic bearing consoles the suffering one, whiletbe" great 'self control e and dignity gives one, the 'most perfect in her ability., Mrs., Ellis Jiijs refined and literary, tastes, and, sbe occasion ally rests her busy mind by revelling rriii the pleasures of the Muses, . and; the &ponent sometimes receiver .a, beautiful gift from, her. pen, xier poems are always pretty andt cause one to .wish she had more, time for, cult$yiting her poetic , talent Dr., Ellis is at present N engaged, aside iifiaL, her practice and classes, in publishing a. medical journal; in', ; connection ithTDr Maggie -- jShippr j ournal in Utah, and so, of c6urse; wnat ti me die has for literary;work is at.present employed on her own paper. The practice of .medicine is much the same to drie as another, and it is difficult to narrate thef different physicians' work without constant repetitions, for our lady . "The-ten-dere- st . ! -- ; t-enhanced ithe-pleasu- re , . i . : fjonfi-denc- 'ipp j . . . 