 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the spirit of kiud- prayerr andLa cultivating nf trip nprfppr nrsraniration that the ht 135 adache this niOrniiig, but felt better aft er trnrai 1 j time on the grand old ocean, and I renumber existed in the Church; even the children were nig. and the draught of the cars gives us. a . Break, break, break! on thy cold grey crags, O Sea God know from the all that cold. so Weare planning a trip to New York may organized, x "But the tedder grace, of a day that is dead, , v 1 , but cousin , Charlie" comes in and proposes a least to thereatcei.'; " Will never come back to me j.', j trip to, Ocean Beach, on the New Jersey coast, Sister Aurelia Rogers bore a faithful T tmiirci t' a i l n re i li rr'QX'CQ oif 4'r where his aunt lives.- - She is my cousin, and I spoke of the carelessness of t he people. dash and break, but, unfortunately, there is 'We should eek for 'theSpir.it of God and Jive 7lecHleToliiSkeher a visifTIortWennoTget7 no place to fit, and standing is tiresome after so' 'ready aijd go with Charlie. It is a pleasant in & manner that it will abide with .us." '1 he breeze is so cold that it Thought persecution was necessary to biing us ride, and we see some nice, towns und large long a "walk. cities iind a very pretty country. We pas3 rather destroys the sentiment: We walk-alonin the line of our "duty; spoke of the Primary; Long Branch; Ocean Grove, Asberry Park; and "the sand gathering pebbles and exhorted all those holding offices a. long line of beau tiful seaside resorts. We broken shells, washed smooth by the action of s a tion to be . fa ithfu La n diiil i gen t ,fl n d. Je -w n h o e n d rw re we st np , a n take tbe water; I pick up a piece of white bees' wax," comertoHSpri gt seek for the spirit of our offices and callings: Sister Rhoda Hinman,;,had a testimony to. a hack to ea Plain, where my cousin, Rebecca and I tiy to weave a romance, wondering how Newman, resides-- The Weather is now cloudy it came to be thrown up by the waves, and bear of the truth of the work we are engaged and' whose fingers have pressed it, and how many chilly, and we are glad to sit by the fire. in. ' We should live our religion day-b- y "dayy It is a country place and hara bleak, uncultimilts of sea it has traveled? WhileWe stand' and strive to overcome the evil of our natures. vated look with home straggling woods near by; there the proverbial barefooted boy approaches, We are living in a day full of events; there is teli me the. soil is and poor, and the, 6uspenders broken and pants rolled up; he is fhey Nothing "outside of our religion, but there' is: salt air from the. sea sandy is .not favorable to the hailed by" my companion asjharley, and is in-"- , everything in it, for it embraces every-truth- ; trod weed to me as a sort of cousin; he is a crops. The prospect is . that in a few years it one of the worst things to regret is lor a person will be built up as a seaside resorr; as so, many .grandson of my cousin Rtbeeka's, We getH to lose the light after they have received itv for ot the coast ha already been; but I am miles ! very sociable, and he has considerable informaoh,- how great is the darkness My desire is to insurprised to see such an old country wear such tion to give about the surrounding country; he perform every known duty, and receive the is well posted, for his short life has been spent a forlorn, uncultivated aspect. The coast here structions that are "given us from time to time . is a fine bathing and pleasure, resort, and, peo-there, and he', is, quite able to "talk." We rr- -1 and profit" by t hem." realize that the farther we go, the farther we 7 pi e - com e - from - a Ion g d i st a n ce- - to - enj , '. Sister Grant was thankful for the good have to return, so we decide to go to through the summer. that had been, given, here -- and reluctant! our steps- .- My- - cousin's s. cousin,-Mris much h oped all wou d treasu re p;- ad vised the sis Newman, surprised My husband 7s atliome; his name FsJoseph New and all good 7 to see us. She is a tall, thin woman, with very , ters to read the Book of Mormon man; ne is aiso ner cousin; ner maiuen name books. "Let us search after true knowledge, keen black eyes, not at all like her sister, Mrs. "was Newman, and her mother was my father's She hastens to get us someliinner, sister; he is for we cannot be saved in ignorance." Was ""Kimball. very pleasant and sociable. ; We much pleased with the advice Sister Zina had after whici. Charlie and I walk down to the Viavp friort plnma fnr snnnpr. T fl m vprv tirprl it. would is mile all called half a beach to see the ocpan; it profit by given to mothers; hoped Land retire early,. "teach : i tt e pa tch o f and cro.--s t us' he our a over We beach. watch to children, . "Let feea rlain, vednesday, L6, w eattier cloudy. brier-vin- e where runs of kind a them the principles of life and salvation, which woods, through Had fish for breakfast. Never ate fresh salt will lead them back into the presence of. their the sand, intersecting the path at intervals; I water fish ; before; they are small fish called Father in Heaven." Felt determined to try catch my foot under one and nearly fall; I look porgies. The regular fishing season has not and do her duty and perform the labors that at my shoe, and find it badly ?craped; I am sei in yec, uui cousin o oe is uxiug ins uoai ami road the We shoes. old are, "cre placed upon her. gain my glad they for he is a fisherman. He is ono readv. fypttincr - ' n ri at last, whreh is just as sandy and hard walk- joflheiinluckv Conference adjourned for three months. Sing-inkind, who never get forehanded: Ve sit down on a log and rest awMTeTaT ing. Benediction by Bio. Christenson. if he sells a piece of land ..he soon sees it re-- , least I do, while Charlie stands around trying sold at enormous profits, and other people ; - Rhoda Hinman, Stake Secretary. to find something to say, thinking all the time,. rich from his hard earnings. He seems no doubt, what a nuisance a woman is. We agetting and takes' the world sort of on and reach the coast at last. It is 'a walk 3 easy. His wife is all nerve and ambition; if LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL. grand thing to stand on the coast of the luiugs nao ouij icv cjscu uut su( goes me Atlantic Ocean. Before us stretches a vast ex. world." panse of water. I have seen so many pictures BY M. J. TANNER. of the ocean, that it does not seem new to me. with me for a walk to the beach; Rebecka The waves come bounding in from the dark she has not been there before for two says 1885 years. 10, Williamsburg, Sunday, May sheet of water, which We blue, or'j perhaps, green and Life the to Station the Weather pleasant. Went to church with, my reaches out to meet th.e horizon, and at the go keeper shows We the us is house, see the life a minister is The a Methodist. through cousin, who - edge is a ship with sails stretched, iartker breeches-buothe lisle boat, the life car and y, young1 man and seems earnest in his profession. which looks as if it might fall off. I cannot the with and shot line, the MrrKimball came this' evening, and we had a blame of olden times for thinking the gun line projectile, people and the the sand anchor hawser, whip nice visit. wo rid was liat; it certainty lookairsrrarU3"ir and the crutch. The sand anchor is a heavy Had my photograph can see, and the sky comes down like an overMonday, May 11. plank, which is buried three or four feet deep taken this morning. After dinner we visited turned bowl. Behind us. stretches the shore, in the sand; a double rope, called .the strap, is Brooklyn, stopping to look through a large new low, sandy, nd with here and there an inlet or attached to the anchor, and coming up through store. I think I never saw anything so'elegant, ot salt water, left by the rise of the tides. pond the sand has a pulley attached to it. The shot and so" many novelties in gla?s and china ware; One such little lakelet is being enlarged, and is attached to the projectile, which is shot line in jsilks and dresses .and laces, and in f urniture the banks- graded,; with a nice carriage road from the the whip line to the shot line, of all kinds.-Ea- ch story, had a specialty, and sweeping around it, and on assign postwe read, and then gun; 'comes the hawser; the projectile 1 here is we could go up by elevator or stairs. "Lake jUorao." I do not suppose it presents reaches thejship and is hauled in by the crew; a beautiful parlor, where ladies can sit down to illustiiou3 its to likeness but, namesake, any a tallyLboard is fast to the line; the board is 14 rest and look out over the main floor; a dressno doubt, in a lew years it will be a very pretty inches long and 4 inches wide, with large ing room leads from it, fitted up with every place. letters printed in English on one side and neces?ay convenience. I have' been through The beach, as far as I can see, is low and French on the other, giving directions what to several, fine stores, but never saw any like this do. When all is redy a signal is given, the one; it is like a museum to go through it. At sandy; about a quarter of a mile to the left is a life car is swung on the hawser, and the crutch each landing we are met by a gentlemanly very, pretty cottage, and a little way to the it from the ground; clerk, who inquires what he can do for us. We right is the Life Station. The sand is white put under the, strap to raise is from the land to back and forth this drawn and clean; it is damp from the constant washing say we do not wish to buy, but came in to look" at the store. He shows us through as if at high tide, and the ship by means of the whip line. Thg life of the waves, which car is very light, shaped like a melon, and so visitors were an everyday occurrence. It is a come dashing over the sand in a ay to make covert d that the sea water cannot dash in. very pleasant pastimer walking through the us jump to keep from getting our feet wet; they It takes eight men to man the station, and quickly stores, but, like all pastimes, it has some drawspread outovr the sand and are backs. We ask very few questions about prices, that I cannot dip my hand in them, though I the'y ntay there eight months in the year. They are disciplined and drilled regularly. The that being a matter in which we are not partry several times; I pat my baud on the wet has $700 a year; the rest are ticularly interested;, prices are marked in many sand and taste to see bow salt the water is. captain or keeper hired hy the month. Everything is kept very instances. Wrhen we were tired of ...walking They roll themselves back, leaving everything and looking around, we took a horse car and clean and dry. until they come bounding in clean, and is placed on wheels ready for immediate use. The keeper very kindly shows us Went home. airaiu as before. I try to think f the things Tuesday, May .12. Weather pleasant. Had I have, read as I stand looking for the first j these things and explains their use. He takes i i ! z.. ' : . testi-roony- . ) g 'for-awhil- e, tu -- - ; oyit itu I the-house- , to-da- y-t- 1 urn 1 " g. ,. happy-goduck- y, ; . - - -- -- -- are-'iio- 