atrn. fiven oh the anniversary of Sister Aivii juauy ui ouiiv" vMA."VJcTjr Eliza K 0 " He- no remember. doubt, the Saints present, he had everthought it was the best sister's party - - . ' A-- A . Our brethren, who are hidden from our .society solicitouss and anxious are always fh nreserit, ; r jyi for the prosperity of the Church in all its various rr - -- " " ; - - ay -- 7 T -- ?, v . " tt Jztr Stksded to-da- - y, . : : . . think the brethren, by hindering, them, withhold blessings from themselves; if they would work with the sisters they would be more abundantly The ' Presidents and Bishops would blessed. realize multiplied blessings upon their own heads. Is it riot more honorable for a king to rule over a wealthy and noble race, than one reduced to poverty, ignorance- - and erfdomLIslLuot more honorable to preside over a nation that is enlightened,' intelligent and enterprising? Is it not much more glorious and honorable to preside over those who are full of faith, who are active in good works, and who are filled with the power of God? Certainly it Is. When the sisters, have the spirit-- ' ' of their work upon them, they will labor with an honest zeal in the midst of their societies, and it adds blessings thereto. There is no Bishop that j encourages, and supports an institution of thiskind, but who" realizes and must acknowledge that these sisters in their different callings, lessen his and add to the effi- labors, mak e easy hi ciency of his Stake or ward. The Bishops who do this will be blessed and are blessed at all I j ; When I arise to teach the sisters, I am benefitting the teachers and the authorities of the Church 10-u- . . -- . " J anyiuing Uiai win laisc uicui jj auu iimn.t tutu talents to shine forth as the daughters of Eve ' and of Sarah. But have feelings of envy and jealous y; an d in ste ad of dealin g op en handedly with them, tell them to go forward and do all the good they can, it seems as though they would like to keep them back and not let them do anything, more thau is really necessary. The brethren I am sorry to see this feeling. should understand and see that in so doing they are opposing themselves. Inasmuch as the . things that .would materially assist the cause, for fear they may do wrongs ' Sisters, do right. Where" you desire to launch out and do right, do sond God will sanctify your , ''I labors to the good of yourjsisters andlso-tbe-! good of the brethren; and you will make your hus- bands lar more useful wiveslYjoujvill ha.vejnorje obedient daughters, more dutiful children; children that- - are more affertionatetrue, honorable, faithful, and who, in their turn, will make more honorable husbands and more dutiful wives". ' I wilv to say-i- o you this ' afternoon, sisters" Of the Relief Society and of the Young Ladies' Associations, that while it is expected of you" that you will visit the sick, that ybu shall see to it that none of the brethren and sisters suffer from poverty or for the want of the necessaries of life, while it is your duty and privilege to minister to each other and those around you, and even when life has departed, you are to look after them and "see that they have proper clothing'and burial I - have while these duties continually you say, other have, privileges and. rights, upon' you, you which are known to us and the people in general. It is pleasing to hear the Bishops report to the quarterly" conferences the faithfulness of the Relief Society, and the aid they have derived from them, the relief they find by having them to call upon them for aid, and the efficient" manner ' which they respond to'every'need. Relief .Society of Weber J.T-hbe and and tween $500 6oo, gave it aradonation to finish the Logan Temple a nice little item, help which the building committee acknowledged with gratitude, and every name of those who donated was wntterrHhrecords of the Tempi : In looking over the. lists, I find that there is considerable over 500 donated by the Weber societies "towards firifshing the Manti Temple. The donations' from this Stake on the ilanti 'Records, cover eighty pages, and over "iortyl tnes" to a page, and has on each line the name of the ' : person and the amount paid. Sisters, fell it to your children at home, that in these records, is contained over $100 paid bv the little ones of the Primaries; and each boy or girl has their name written" there, credited to a nickle, dime or quarter, as the case may be, and it shows who have contributed anything to assist in the completion of that beautiful building. These ecords-will: be placed in the Temple at Man tk -rand will be kept as a perpetual remembrance. Besides this, the Relief Society of Weber Stake, during the past" sTic years, or there' about, since the Deseret Hospital was organized into an association, has contributed, as near as I can recollect, something over one thousand dollars to help maintain and conduct that charitable institution. "Some months ago we made to the Secretary to give us a statement of the number of cases, the kind of affliction, what structions respecting the difTerentofficeX'and the What number died, the amount number got well, necessity of evety individual acting in the sphere1 i ve d e r nt ece amou n the et o , tc, cy,i rder allotted hm or hp.and filling the several offices experd ed, it how. be known it that may stands, what jjood it to which they were appointed. has done, and the status of the association at the "He said the reason of these' remarks being" made was, that some little foolish things were present time, in order that it may receive the attention and encouragementit should have. I circulating in the society, against some sisters not what have been told repeatedly' you have a right doing right in laying hands on the sick; Said if Weber to has that been second to "know, the people had common sympathies they would reCounty none, or only one among the Stakes, who have joice that the sick coujd be healed; that the time1' donated for its support. had not been before that these things could W in :h I n a lltb.es elis tsJ e reisco ntained in the re-- ', . their proper order; that the Church is not fully'' cords concerning the Manti 'Temple and other organized, in its proper order, and cannot be, until1 from names this Stake the Temple is" completedwbere places will1 be things, no less: than 3,400 of Zion. provided for the administration of the ordinances' of the Priesthood." V" The sisters of the Relief Society at, the present ' loss the of much their remarked: President Elder here Richards feel very time, . public duties, instead of supporting and encourag ing them. There are also some who look with jealousy upon the moves of the sisters as though they might come to possess some of the gifts, and are afraid they will get away with some of the DieSSingS OI me Vjospei, wirn.ii uuiy men uugm iu possess. "That is the way some look upon woman and her work. They don't like to accord to them .. r meetrngs, lister z,ina. u, xoung pci un.csw, is absent for . a shortf time, but" is expected home . . thedifTerent branches, of she jjHlU-isi- t foonwhen zr . the bociety, attend to her auties ana give auvicc. , . as Sister Eliza Us?4 to do. Tins is a great work. It Ja a vast auxiliary. , .It t is one of those things spoken of in the Scriptures as "helps" to the1 government of thei kingdom of . no "matter , ; lS:r7Sters,l)e diligent all things,' haw the brethren may look upon , you. Your,, organization is juslsimportant asany other in the Church, outside of the 'priesthood. It has t been instituted by" the highest authority oh earth v in this dispensation. It was appointed and estate, lished bythe Prophet Joseph. Smith, in Nauvoo. . wno : 1 am giaa that there are some ncre were there at that meeting, and who listened to 1 the instructions of the Prophet; of God. Sister . Eliza was Secretary at the time of the organjza tion. - Sister JEramaSmithwas the presiding officer of, that institution, and she was blessed', under the hands of Presidents Joseph Smith and John Taylor, to expound the Scriptures and ad-minister to the,SaintsinthisJioJy.officfi and presi- ' dency. ' I wish to make a few remarks concerning it and j its significance, as it appears to me,, for the encouragement of the sisters; and in doing so, I shall refer to some of the sayings .of the Prophet it. In April, 1842, Joseph in instituting he made an appointment with the Relief Society in the city of Nauvoo. He attended meeting and lectured to the sisters himself.', who were Ti(ife are several present'Jiere did also as there and heard him speak, myself. W. L. are Bathsheba, Presendia Here Kimball, Smith, Jane S.. Richards, ar(i if I could mention them an, mere wouia De quite anumocr ncre wno. were members of that Society.? The Prophet Joseph treated upon the gifts and blessings oT the priesthood to be enjoyed by all those who believedt and also upon the character . of the work devolved upon its members. And he , read, concerning the blessings which he wanted them. to understand, were theirs if they would live for themr He read a portion of the 16th chapter of St. Mark, whpre it savs: "Gove into all the" world and preach the Gospel to every creature. He that believetb and is baptized shall be saved; Knf V10 thit VpTfAvpth nnt shail hp HafrtrtifH And" these signs shall follow them that believe: In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with jiew tongues; they shall take up serpents;' and 11 they annK any aeaaiy ining, i snan not they shall lay hands on the sick andj they shalfrecover." He said, in relation to the females administer rrT . . 4 r r ing to the sick, mat mere couiu ue no more wroDg in it, than in performing any other ordinance of the Churci if the Lord gave His sanction by healing the sick "under the hands of the sisters. I will reao frorn the minutes which were taken;' .on that occasion by Sister Eliza: - f times.. tbem and their 7 labors in the Church. I know that many are afratdto go ahead and do anything JkjiLms ley may do wrong.. "And-they-thusrep- .. departments; and they watch' over every part of the work of which God has made them overseers, with the deepest solicitude, j)rayemiiness ot heart ' and with earnestness for its prosperity. -1 realize that I am' addressing representative ladies of the WeberStake of Zion, presidents of the Relief Sodetyjand associations generallyyand many others' asWll. I always feel anxious when I address my sisters" to say something that shall encourage them in their wqrk; because they naturally feel timid and backward and have a reluctance to assume public positions, or public, duties, because some think they are makihg them? selves too officious in public, and that ladies have ; no rights in public duties. OOme OI uic jmcis icci lummuuicu iu mcir meetings when the brethren are present; while others believe that if the brethren wduld attend and give them counsel and encouragement, they would be stronger and more able to launch out in the liberty of the spirit and discharge the duties incumbent upon them with a consciousness and heavenly assurance, that would result in the blessings of God upon their, labors. It has been so from the beginning of this work that has been laid upon the sisters; it has been looked upon by some of them as being something out of their line and place. Every nowand again we hear men Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith. SisterJEliza having passed away,' after an illness of more than a year, in Zion..- I do fbt feet-a- t any time to withhold or be reluctant in instructing or speaking, well of ' . ; , ap-plicati- on 4 -- i ; - ft - , 1 i : . . . ' 