' 6 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 20 Exponent Woman EMMELLS& Ii. WELLS, 1 Thursday morning, June 14th, we left this city by train to attend, by invitation of Sister M. A. Hyde the Conference of the.R. S. Y. L. M; I. A; and P. A. of Sanpete Stake to be held at Gunnison Friday and Sat&rdayjune 15 and 16. We arrived at Editor. Manti the same evening, where we had thepleasure of meeting Sister Hyde, and several other sisters, (acquaintances), who are at present officiating in the Manti Temple. Sisters Hannah Grover of Nephi,, Rebecca Standring of Lehi, and Lucy B. Young of St. George, were among the number. Our visit was very pleasant. Bro. .and Sister Jesson who keep the Temple Hotel, are very kind "and courteous to their guests and make every one feel. as much at home as possible. Early the following morning we started off for Gunnison in company with Sister Hyde, arriving found the conference had been opened by Sister Heiena - O- Entered at the rost Second Class Matter. Office, f in Salt Lake City, Utah, as ' ' Sr atthatplace7There Mads'effrPrest.-oF- R SXlt Lake City," July 1,1888. was a large congregation assembled and after. f .1 some'. T i? TT..JVfA'. interesting remarKs uy rresi. riyue after her" arrival, and some reports from 1 1. wno-preside- FREDERICK III OF GERMANY. 1 Most of our readers have certainly been interested in the Emperor Frederick, ho so recently " succeeded to the throne,at the death of Bis father the Emperor Wilhelro, who had so long reigned' over that vast empire. He died on the 15th of June ult , at 11 a.m., after a most severe and Daily lingering illness and intense suffering. the had familiar somewhat teleg'rams people kept . with his case, which was a most singular one, in. deedj and through it all the sublime grandeur of his character was apparent. It is a matter of regret that he has been cut down at such a critical time, when the strength and genius of such a sovereign would have been, speaking in the largest sense, the salvation ofthe people. His wife, too, had taken an active interest in "uplifting of the women of the country, which must have resulted in the good of the whole, for wherever women, in the aggregate, are refined, cultivated and advanced, men must, necessarily, be influenced for good. It is scarcely expected of the Crown Prince, who succeeds the Emperor, that hispolicy willbe democratic orin the interest of peace as he is said to be a warrior- born, like his illustrious grandfather, and to detest anything English, even the English blood in his own veins. It is said of Frederick, that he was courageous ; plans-"Ipokingrtcrt- . -- . heTrra"iMtfe7i Was brillianr with success, but that "dazzling as his victories were, his conduct at home won him still more glory. With his devoted wife, he was always prominent in measures for the, advancement of learning,, for the improvement "of the masses, And for the, amelioration of the rigors of despotism." Frederick was himself a thorough scholar, and had none of the arrogance of the "oldstyle aristocrats," and was consequently unjopular withmen'of that type. That there has - been genuine sorrow at His death there can be no ?pom for doubt, for he was truly the friend -- of the people, and they Joyed him sincerely. Frederick III was born in 1831, and might have ' lived yet many years to benefit his. people, had not a most cruel and fatal disease laid its heavy hand upon him. Strange it seems, that looking for ward, as he naturally must have done, to the time when he would ascend the throne, that his reign - and rule should have been so brief, and the entire time one of suffering, and pain. But the kings and mighty ones are in ,the hands of the Lord, and lie turneth and overturneth at His good wili and pleasure,, and kingdomsand empires are subject to Him, and He will fulfill His purposes concerning them' in His own due time and way; and in all things must His hand and His wisdom be acknowledged. . . In the afternoon the.. first speaker was Sister Lucy B. Young, who gave- a dissertation upon plural marriage, she has an- excellent voice, and a good gift of language,and is an easy speaker. After some other remarks etc, the Primary Asso' ciation of Gunnison had a representation. Prest. Stena Willafdson made suitable remarks, expressing her desire to fill the position to which she had been called. There were a few exercises by the children well rendered.- Mrs. Mary Metcalf, Prest.' of the P. A. of Gunnison, gave her report and -- mentioned the children's manuscript paper, which they edit once a month. The sister who had charge of an adjoin, ing district reported her .labors with the Primary in the Fields. After some remarks to the children the Conference was adjourned by Prest. Stena Willardson to Sept. 15,, at Fountain Green. .Saturday evening we drove over to Manti with Sisters Hyde and Young, where we spent the Sab. bath very pleasantly and Monday morning Went" ever to Ephriam where two meetings were held one with the Relief Society and another with the - Published semimonthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, ?2.00; one Copy six months, $1.00. Ten ropies for. the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil A liberal discount "space, one time, $2.50; per month, 53.00, to regular advertisers. Exponent office,' No. 25 E., South Temple Street, second 10 a.m gate east of Deseret News Office. Business hours from to 5 p.m. every dayj, except Sunday. Address all business communications to : , PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT,, Salt Lake City. Utah. : -- - VISIT TO SANPETE. he Presidents of R. S., iii the Stake, the meeting adjourned with singing and prayer until 2 p.m. Afternoon session was occupied in speaking up? on the various subjects of interest pertaining to the work of the Relief Society and its progress and advancement. Testimonies concerning the manifestations seen and heard in the Manti Temple at the time of its dedication werejiven in such an impressive way as to pervade the assembly with the spirit thereof. Prest Hyde spoke pro phetically upon the signs of the times, alluding to ,the prophecies of the past and the condition of the world at the present; we had , the pleasure of addressing the sisters, the subjects being spiritual improvement, faith, etc; education, reading, cultivation of the heart, and practical duties of home and of public life. R. S; Conference adjourned about theyusual hour until the 14th of September, wh en it will be held at Foun tai n Green. There was no meeting held in the evening, but we had an interesting time, and sat up late conversing with Bishop Madson and his wife upon many things now transpiring in the world as well as in the midst of the Saints. . Saturday morning several wagon loads and Buggies containing the sisters arrived in good time for the meeting from adjacent settlements. At 10 a.m. the congregation assembled in the Relief Society Hall, which is the largest building and where the Re-jpfjhe kind we have yet-selief Society Conference was also held. Miss Stena Willardson, of Ephriam, presided for the first time since having been called'to the position ot Prest. of the Y.L. M. I. A. of Sanpete Stake. She did so with much apparent diffidence being new to the situation, although' there was no need of any hesitation on her part as she is abundantly qualified and well calculated for the position. Mayfield Y. L. was reported by Miss Augusta Anderson; Gunnison, Miss Sarah Metcalf; South Ward, Manti, Mrs.. Matilda Allred;. North Ward, Manti, Mrs; :Edith Billing South Ward, Mrs. Dorcas Christenson. We then" addressed the young ladies encouraging them in the pursuit of knowledge and understanding. ' Mrs. M. A Hyde followed with excellent remarks and testified in a manner of been having taughtlhe principle of plural marriage by Joseph Smith, the Prophet, who married her to Apostle Orson Hyde in Nauvoo. Mrs. KjarN and Mrs. Alvira Cox, of Manti, Counselors to Miss Willardson, each spoke a short time in an instructive and edifying way-These young sisters, and those who reported,each and all of Their interesnnthe" the and work of improvement; they spoke Gospel and in good voice ; their manner and intelligently bearing were well calculated to impress the aud- i(UCj t - en, H . most-solem- " them-miinif- este . - , ""- , Primary. - At the R. S.: meeting Prest; Peterson was pres-- . ent and spoke a few moments, during which time he asked the sisters to let their Hall be used to establish an Academy,' where, besides the sciences and useful branches of knowledge,theology,as the Latter-da- y Saints understand it in the Gospel, might be taught. Such an academy or college in every stake of Zion would have a telling effect upon the young people. Prest. Peterson spoke of the liberality of the Relief Society; said he re ceived 1,000 dollars from the Relief Society, while abroad on a mission,to bring home the worthy poor, Coun. Sarah Peterson in her remarks said for years the sisters had saved their -- Sunday eggs to help bring the poor to Zion; this" last year they had been donated to the Temple, but for years they had made cheese in' the Society, by putting the milk together; if a sister only had la quart ot two quarts of milk in the morning she would bring much good had it, and by. this sort of : been accomplished. . the The children at Primary meeting rendered. quite a number of exercises very creditably, and the presidents spoke feelingly of the good work in which they are engaged . , The meeting was an interesting one and in fact both the meeting at Ephriam were full of interest and a good spirit prevailed there as well as at the Conference in Gunnison. The evening was passed with Prest. Peterson and family in conversation mostly upon the Temple and kindred subjects and altogether the visit to Sanpete Stake was' a very satisfactory one. . . EDITORIAL NOTES. The series of papers ' on "The Women f 1st issue of the paper is unavoidably delayed, but we expect to publish PartJII in July 15th No. :,:jmJS!iM Utah," commenced in June The Primary Conference was held on Saturday at the Assembly Hall, Mrs. Ellen C. Clawson presiding. It is the intention to publish minutes of this conference in our next issue. We wish to say to those who'have sent money and orders for Primary Hymn Books, and who cannot understand why they are not forwarded, thaHhey are not yet bound," bufir is confidentl- yexpected they will shortly be ready for sale at the ; ' .same price as formerly,- fromMr7. Zina D. H. Young, who was appointed at the April Conferenceto fill the posi- tion made vacant by the death of ''Sister Eliza," states she is in the enjoyment of good health, and she sends love and greeting to the sisters in Zion and hopes before- long to return to her field of labor here. JXetter - " A. V 