WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 03 1 TO MY WIFE. theory lives: the daily newspapers cony it, and vsjcian or to prayer. They believe in wonder-workers medicine, if oneof their influence oftho n7esv nTany a,' give" tWou-lneit t) them,. but are afraid of the" doctor and mother .is .conviifccd that her babe will do refV.se to show their faces when "he is called, better With "les-- i to cat. So th(starving-proce3'6, wifc'of my bosom! thou being; anodic, beH&ne which cause of there 'being so fw 'commences; When the child cries for milk it may .;i'fUf 'constantly seeks all my jay: to 'fncrcs ahove-pdrThe women believe in-phykians - : Who tender! dings. to me sharing my trial's, giverrqwrgnricrlhurricH'me evil lead t a- not seek who Cfiuns, mortal, beings jnort:tf greater. If mothers knew, the weakening Who ever is practicing sweet scdeniais, V mate. Charra'aud talisman envious and the touch from of any 'quieting medicine" on the hfind of 'h;se'in3g;c2i hring; pain sweet release. f;Ve ure-fil- so of their part religion, and the an infant, tlu-r- would be less profit to our- ' ha." special directions upon" all these lie pleasure and peace that I feel irr thy' presence; on all patent medicines. druggists. .Theu Messing bestowed through the Gospel of Peace; how to belled arid how to be avoided.; ' The blood of a child circulates very quick',' Has never been eqaa!ed. Oh! nd the deep anginsh,The' 'Prophet did not forbid .women Jto. at-- r ! feel at the thought that I might 4Ver tend the prayer in a mosque, but paid that it motion produces heat,' and all bodily heat 4angui, V thomediuni of the must be sust aihed throu , la error, cr sin, till my blessings would cease. was l?r better that they pray iti private. In fctomach, anl as the stotnach of the babe is not Cairo and women bovs al under seven not are motherhood of true covers with R'lory, v The charm of containing mne than a couple or lowed to pray with the congregation-'in- . the capable The form that my eyes always s?e with .delight; '.'.', be the ofteucr filhd. , or be present m time ot prayer, tor ;teaspoousful, it should The eye cf a husband with Knowledge from Heaven the body to ouild as well. the Prophet has said: ''Sitting an hour. with the rBesides; the baby lias ' know .for w hat purpose his blessings 'Ire 'given, as UStaiiL L' v' dUtaffis better for women than a year of worSees Leauty immortal in wives who do right. Almost the same day there appeared in ship," And "For every piece of cloth woven of there are mothers who know not ihc value TheT say the thread spun by woman, she shall receive auother paper a piece advising people to disOf,f rattUng inapci'nee always-it he reward of the, sight; Nevertheless he card their old habits io commence living, and martyr." " me" those gifts from high heaven, 0 being who brings did assign to her a place in the rear ot the to take food regularly .four times a day. " think do thou never "too olten they're given; Q th(se pieces had been acted upon by a mosque where she may pray looking from afar Let's prize them and train them to do what'is right. ovt-the "men in front, toward the Niche, of mother, we would ha,Ye had two dyspeptics, Mecca. Ancient anil modern Mahom m eda ns ' on e fur the w an t of fo oil, and t he other for ai i .. " rte GcrtiTrs declare &y belie v e hat ti..f unh,;-o rrrAfi ''the presence of" women mspIresT Of husband and wife will at death have an end. "the ono leading directly between the two exanother devotion than that appropriate to ' Can it be that no longer well live for each other? ' tremes. ,'"; set for of God." the worship apart the love of sweet babyhood mothers, can smother? . That few- (If 1 lie women pray. Tf they prefer to If we listeirtorihGrVpird'-- of vi?dom"wtrwill-nt- -i ' 1t:it c'ur'iiaturesjiQ J.ong;r!jtogether wiU'blend?" -work-th- e titer --overload - the -- one - nor- - u nder fecl the Prophe- t- has exeused them frorn.4 No, no! Let them them think if .they please that 'ih vulgar, prayer and trom taxiug their untutored mem- other, but become ''moderate" in all things.. beautiful names of The word of the Lord is the only sure guide, ories wkh the' ninety-ninTo keep heaven's mandates on earth or above; ' ; : We '41 wish for sweet little ones here and hereafter, Allah. either for tun world or theworkl to come. Our music shall be their sweet .prattle and laughter, The Koran does 'hbt exclude woman from Let ns put our trust in Him, do what we '. Weil journey through hie hoping always to loya. is not cordial, and know to be right; and hope for. the be... Paradise, C. .. it , there is little promised to her there. The meanLexTa Curtis. liTuCo., Ariior:a,.ifarch ist i33. est man is to have servants! wives from the and can select feventy-twc juntless company of heavenly maidens who NOTES --ANDNEYS EGYPTIAN WOMEN. will have iarge black eyes, and b.; of a height equal to his own, that of a tali pajarjtrcc, ab"ut BY- CHARLOTTE 1 WI LBOU It. Miss Alcott left her copyrights to her sixiy feet; the man expects to enjoy himself ac. I f t h is big, m u rr i cd nephew and ad ojted sou, Joh n Prat t Al cot t. Co rdiug to h is si zco. his little earth Ao husband wishes the company of "A few years agovhen the Legislature of come can Paradise the alter in wite, she girls. .51 US LI II WOMEN'. The mother who loses children in infaticjyis Connecticut was discussing;awomau suifragc honored and has a promise of irn mortality, if hi I, a meinber arose and denounced the bill, I hays-neve- r teen a Muslim woman praying she-ba. believer," lor the child will have the ,and added, 'T don't propose to make a man ina mosque except at the Howling Dervishes, to her when the husband 13 ready out of my wife." Mr. Cleveland, another memwhen three women in an upper balcony accom-- . gates opened to enter. . Apostacv, even in women, is a hein ber, replied, "The gentleman, 'doesn't propose panied the brethren in a part of the exercises, to make a man out' of his wife." It would be , ous sin, by "the Koran"" to be punished with by pantomime, and they were insane ani put death, and in these later years, the Koran has a blessing for the countryTif his wife could: there to be cured by the devotfons. Nor have been obeyed in the most brutal way, and with-- ' make a man out of him!" The shot was so I seen a Muslim woman or girl praying anyout the interference ot the law. Women may well deserved that the 'House went wild over where. "But there are mosques in Cairo that j on a pilgrimage to Mecca with their hus- - it, and for a long time business was suspended."' are named for women and some that have beea- -. go oanus ana iamiiies, nut. ine messing is greater built by them, or for them with their money. The National W. S. A. of Massachusetts if the husband go without women ami the wim "I knew at least six bearing women's names; her son; the pilgrim, and indeed any Muslim, held .its regular meeting on h riday of last ; that of Sitt the the Zeyneb", gran himself alter he has been in the Week, in the Directors' Parbr of the N. E. must purify Prophet has a clock to act 'and much decoraWoineu's' Club The chief items of news for society of women, before he can pray. This tion and none but women can enter the bronze the month were enumerated. The felluwin, is by express command of the Prophet, who enclosure whien contains the brocade-drape"Women are pollution." Our kind old persons were appointed to represent ihe assosays; .tomb. The. mosque of Sitt Sofeeya, built by ciation at the International. Ct)uncil; Miss. L. consular agent at Luxor,' Alie Mcoradwas her eunuch, ha a line minaret and decoratious; A. Hatch Mrs..Dora .Bascora Smith, Mrs. G. to go to Mecca this mouth: fiis son Ahmed will . those of Ayesha and Fatmeh are ot peculiar with his mother next year. When a ..fowP W. Simonds Dr. E. L. Campbell; Mrs. II. go wise and instructive Alee, a tall, sanctity. H. Robinson, and Mrs. H. 11. Shattuck. The or sheep, or any domestic animal is killed, X&UQt Nubian, a rigid Muslim crammed with next meeting of the political class will be held there is a short prayer uttered, whica is in subarid ruucb best the h:ori?,Iegr:iids experience, stance: "If any evil be coming to me or any at No. 20 Hancock Street, March 28. Ihe authority on our Dahabeeyah, and whom we harm be wished me, may I cut them off with debate, will be on the admission of Utah. jSi. . domes-tie i?rci!er!y quesiioa en the social and this knife." '. Many such forms are observed life uf the" women, related to-Mrs. Proctor, who died on March 5th, was with many-- ' which counted to be religious duties and are' fMrtTcUlar, that his wile and other' Muslim last of a literary group who were as among the Jews but they should ceremonies, -::'..eJ1.'.went-.ttice'- a after a Wbr,to av be personally acquainted with the poets and males.- - ' . by performed ude room in the writers of the firs', quarter of the century. By musque of Fatmeh and fc Ayeiha, her mother's marriage with Basil Montagu she pray.and be advised by a Khateeb. 3 exhortation was . was brought,' when quite a child, into company DIET: . praiij to Allah, iujunc-l:c.a8erve the husband, warning against evil. with Lamb and Coleridge.Jveats and Leigh pinui and infidelity, exhortation to teach the A short time since there was to be found in Hunt, and after her own marriage with Barry ssns the things Ncivs a piece advo the columns of Cornwall, she became the eloso friend of they should know while ii and Dickens, Tennyson and Brownrhapsodical expressions of God and blesscating the two meal theory for children. If it3 Thackeray ' ings a;ked for the Pilgrims and the family of author were put on a milk diet and allowed to ing. She was proficient in the art of converProphet.- Nothingfordaily-us- e there would sation, almost a lost art at the present day, and fill his stomach: but twice-daily- , tamed jn the prayers end not anything for soon be a revolution in his ideas. But because her talk' was admirable both for what the said special aSictions, sickness or 'calamity. They it is a child a poor little innocent helpless and the way she said it." She will be missed Hfn to reputed living taints for their miracles child, who must take what is given it, without by a large circle of friends.-Englit- h Woman's ' ' '2aiiUtions - and bUjiingi, rather than to even the latisfaction of complaining th Jleview. ' - . 3 o. " d ' " cf-'fee-t's K-ura- ' . . " ' . . nm-que- ' -- ''; ' . . -- - j n . If-bot- h r ' , -- ' . '; ; - ' ' ' : e ' : ; . . -- u cighty-thijusan- d o ch-m- - a J e , d Gr us he fsrr . " - ha-reer- - is-c- on n, the-Deser- : , 