WOMAN'S EXPONENT. IF A MAND IE-- HALL H E LIVE ' AGAIN? With joy we come to give yu cheer, And shoW you our affection. L THanksbe to Him, I know 'tis not forever ; There still remains a vital spark, a ray That shall again re animate this .clod, "And in my flesh I know I shall see God. . , ' Tanner. YOUR LIFE. ; i' . Rachel x. G. Foster, Sec. Com. of Arrangements. INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF AVOMEN. AN . That all your days may hence be peace, That your good works may never cease, And that your blessings may increase, Is the prayer of us your sisters. . asion dear ones th'erewill gather roundr Shall" we, O, sister dear, shall we Among these blessed chosen be? Shall we be favored and meet thee? It is for our selection. . . lbr-lhisoec- ArrEAL. READ TIIIS CAREFULLY, HAND . ITTO IT AN I) ACT UPON YOUR FRIENDS. An International Council of Women, called by the National Woman Suffrage xlssociation, will be held in Washington, D. C opening March 26, closing April 1, 1888. The objects Louisa Pickett, , and character of the Council are indicated in In behalf of the Relief Society. It-st ro pany i lk After the reading, the sisters nresented Sister of important and influential gathering x women that the world has ever seen . Greene with a token of their" love and appreAmerican women, especiallyxthose who.sym ciation in the tangible form of a purse and its contents.' pathize with contemporaneous mqyements for in the Our President. Fannie Gorrintre. , Sister o made the improvement of woman's position lrKeduca-tional a few brief remarks bearing on the occasion of State, the Church and the Home, and and industrial life, should not fail to our visit there. ',V'"'" .i m thanks to the aid Sister Greene expressed her insuring tne complete success 01 tnia sisters for their remembrance, and the pleasure-affordegreat In ternation Council. The expenses of visit; also favored them with conducting ihe Council will be in proportion incito its magnitude and importance. The Naher strong testimony of the truth, some tional Woman Suffrage Association assumes dents of her experience, and much good counthe responsibility of the entertainment, during sel and teaching, which we are always pleased of having the opportunity to receive from one the Council, of all accredited delegates from American and Foreign organizations. To proso well qualified for giving instruction. Appropriate remarks followed by Sisters vide for these and for other necessary expenses, we expect from our friends more than their Melissa Homer, Alice Tohnan, Clara Smith, Annie Clark, Sarah E. Bates, Hattie Whitney usual liberality. Remember that no persons and Lavenia Bates. Another hymnvas sung, have contributed more to the cause of woman's after which the tables were set, and all partook advancement than those who have given to it their time and strength. If you are not so of a bounteous repast. After spending an 'agreeable hour or so, a situated that you can help by writing, by speaking, or by active work, it is all the. more closing hymn was sung, and the gathering incumbent upon you to aid in the way that is closed with prayer by Sister Greene. We departed for our homes, each one feeling they had within your power, viz., by a contribution of Will you not assist to the extent of money. spent a day long to be remembered. . your ability? Money or pledges of large or Truly your sisters, small amounts will be most acceptable. Fannie Gorringe, Prest. Persons may make themselves members of Louisa Pickett, Sec. National Woman Suffrage Association, by the . Marion, Idaho, Eeb. 6, 188$. the payment ofne dollar; all who do this will be entitled to rthe full pamphlet report of. the INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF procedings of the Council. WOMEN. All contributions and membership fees should be sent to the Treasurer, Mrs. Jane H. The programme of the International Council Spofforo, Riggs House, Washington, D. C, or of women to be held at Washington, D. O, to the CJiairman of ihe Special Finance Comfrom March 25 to April 1, 1888, is as follows: mittee, Susan B- - Anthony; Rochester, N. Y. r - On the bruised heart's quivering strings; -Perhaps from the loss of all you may learn The song that the seraph sings; A grand and glorious psalm, 'ThatwiltWmble.Xndrnse, and thrill And fill your breast with its grateful rest, " And its lonely warnings still. . the-aceo- J 1 body- - now is old,- 'I hen friends long parted will be found; O, sweet, So sweet will be the sound Of welcomealutation. '. m ' 1 The spirit's age has not been told; 'Twill soar, when death its wings unfr'cT Unto its destination. -- And ' r Saturday, March 31, a. m. Pioneer Conference. 7.30 p. m. Political - Conditions (continued). ' Sunday, April 1, 2.p.m. Devotional Service, Rev. Antoinette B. Blkckwell, and others. 7. 30 p.m. Rev. Olympia Brown, Mrs. Z. G. - Wall ace. Closing Add res, Mrs. Stan ton. have Most of the speakers been heard from. It is hoped to give a list with the names 0 f those niakin g the p rinci pal addresses,, next week. "The present outlook promises that this wjll be the most truly representative gathering of women ever held. y, So let silence softly fall - - - ditions. " Unto its Father it will flyy ' To dwell with Him in courts on high; O, sweet the thought of When such will be your station. When the song's gone out of your life, That you thought would last to the end; That first Sweet song of the heart, That no after days can lend; The song of the birds to the trees, The song of the wind to the flowers, The song that the heart sings low to itself When it wakes in life's morning hours: "You can start no other song,'' , Not even a tremulous note Will falter forth on the empty air, It dies in your aching throat. , It is all in vain that you try, For the spirit of song has fled The nightingale sings no more to the rose When the beautiful flower is dead. -- Yetr though the - Friday, March.30, 10 a. m.' Woman Alone; White Cross, etc. 7.30. p. in. Political Con- They hold to you a helping hand, And show appreciation. - " , tions. Yes, far and near, throughout" the land, - When the pong's gone out of your life, you can't start another while it's in your ears but it's best tT have a bit, of silence, and out o' that may be, a psalm'll and-fe- y t.Edward-Garrtt- t; -- come . . And friends to you now truer stand, WHEN THE SONG GOES OUT OF "TT" J Their youthful joys you used to share, In all their troubles you were there"; To cherish you is now their care, Yes, by their true devotion. . y . Though feeble now your locks are gray No longer young, nor blithe, nor gay. Yet to your children you're a ray Of daily consolation. . i e ' That, faith, tbiough many trials,' firm, Through it you da His will discern; Through it a glory you will earn, fi'en in the resurrection. ' And wherefore can a man such knowledge gain? Doth God reveal it? .'Tis written if we ask . In faith believing, we need not ask in vain, And yet how few that undertake the task. Is not the great Jehoyah able to make plain ; All things pertaining to this, our mortal frame? And can'He not unite, as well as sever, And letour souls, in bodies, Jive forever. A. A. . 2-5.- " - Oakley, Idaho, Feb. 7, 1888. Saturday, March 24, 9 to 11 p.m. Public, Reception. , f Sunday? March p.m. Invocation. Rev. lackW4-mnr4ivani-i' bhaw. . v ModayTarch 2G, 10 a.m. Prayer, Revi A. B. Blackwell. Address, Elizabeth "Cady Stanton. 7.30 p.m. Education. . Tuesday, March 27, 10 a. 111. Philanthropies. 7.80 p.m. Temperance. V Wednesday, March 28, 10 a.m. Industries. 7.30 p.m. Legal Conditions. " Thursday; March '29, 10 a. m. Foreign Reports. 7.30' p. ' m. Professions and Organiza' ' Your faith, which has all doubt defied, Your manyt many charr You. whom age has beautified, Command our close attention Yes, I believe in God; therefore endeavor To do His holy will from day to day; And Trhen the time shall come" tTiaT HTshjijjeyer ' This vital spark of life from lump of clay; J 189 INTERESTING PARTY. , ng-ea- he-mo- Irrbe-by-f- ar-t wil . d Editor Exponent: by-the- Mariori, Idaho, is a part of the country better known as Goose Creek. Our Society has been organized about a year, before which time we were a branch of the Oakley Society. We1 have many good times together, and excellently well attended meetings; we take the Exponent, and reading from its columns forms a feature of our gatherings. After introducing ourselves, we wish to tell you, as briefly as possible, of a happy time we recently enjoyed, the 'occasion being that of a surprise party given Sister Susan K. Greene, with whom many of your readers are well ac- - ' quainted. : At a little before noon sixteen members of theRelief Society alighted from their vehicles at Sister Greene's door, laden with lunch baskets and cheery smiles. After the greetings were over, and all seated, was sung. Prayer by Sister Clara followed Smith, by singing, after which the , n pg'emwa8Zr:ead ..." . i LINES ADDRESSED "IO SISTER SUSAN K. GREENE, AT A 'surprise PARTY. . With joy we greet you, sister dear; Respect and love have brought us here; ir " ; . . 