WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 170 is .a bright, versatile, witty, plucky ad vocatef at ilone but family entertain- wQrnen appeared, ments; they were relegated to the upper and 'nort retired parj, of ;the .house. Centuries of foreign rule have degraded the old Egpptian custom to the Greek level, Among the poor, the filling, of water jafsi gossip on the street, squatting outside- the ,mud enclosure of the home,. with (lirty children, chickens7 and sheep, Alr8:''.I4.rermore'is'a Hol.id phalanx coming into action With, all the deliberation, of a veteran" v corps: Mrs. Guslafkm of Swedenis a summer ' morning, bright and cheerful, with sons of birdsand gilded sunshine; Miss trances Wil- lard, is many sided in her capacities; she has a in lid of great depth, '.comprehensiveness and fehe is a logician,'easuist,diplomat, .versatility, 1 bathing injhe Nile and washing clothing and domestic animals; these arelhe chief opporY tunitiesfor woman's, social enjoyment. And the keenri.ess'with which they relish this part of their daily life, tells the story of its poverty. Morning and evening, along the .banks of the river we met the irregular processsion of women and young girls, reproducing the ancient pictures, with their water jars gracefully politician, general, :jiieman, brakeniaii all things to all and each,; and above all, conseera- te.l to the realizaTion ,of ideals, high and true, arid these" with creative genius the breathes upon the plasiic minds, of others and. gives them currency in the great living.moving world. Mrs. LilJie Devereaux Blake is a notable "figure in the Council', hold, incisive, and independent, sejf reliant, in j.nd keen as a 'and jauntily poised on their veiled beads. shoulde Damascus blade;. she seems in the prime of life Often a baby sat astride and. in the full vigor of her active nature. But emblem of of the sucking a piece sugar cane, ' a sweet content. A. near view inspired symtime, would, fail to speak of all '''these noble women, whose coming together now constitutes pathy, for some of the-- figures In the moving etich an epoch in the woman-worl.picture carried jars which, 'filled, were too You wjll have other and fuller reports, and heavy forthe delicate necks of the carriers. But the straight, slender girl, or elder woman, superfluperchance this fragment will become ' '.. ous. smiled upon us;as she. lifted it to its place, and easily bore it awayr Many a hasty sketch w as i.VefyJiiiidlya.nd respect-f- ly C.A. L water jars," and their matchless grace- of motion made us ashamed of our awkward gait Later in the EGYPTIAN WOMEN. ..day they came with the family work, and much visiting and amusement made the tasks light BY CHARLOTTE B. WILBOUR. and the hours 'short. T hen it was that our few Arabic sentences, expressing our admiration Ao 4. for their ornaments, or their small animals, or other pleasant nothingSjOpeued their hearts to us, WOMAN IN SOCIETY.and lively conversation, with delicately turned Levantine, Armenian, Syrian, and come of complinients and curiosity, rethe Coptic women, receive male visitors- with vealed to Us w hat yea rs o f-- read i n g eou Id- not. the men of the family, and they shop, rider and The various articles of our dress.and their price, visit, and eat with; male relatives and intimate were a constant interest to them, and the timid friends. At a Coptic wedding which I attended boldifess of the young girls, was bewitching. in Cairo, there were' many of these foreign" They stood before us and quietly exhibited .women present, but not one Coptic woman, their anklets, bracelets, amulets, necklaces, car, a young :girl Df thezfamily o the bridenose and finger rings, and they eagerly looked The families under tli our gloves and cloaks" for our ornaments, bride and groom of bq groom. were wealthy and important, and the affair was and were disappointed (if they found none. and grand expensive but it was for men and The bank of the Nile is their, reception room women. The young girl of the family and recreation ground. Their knowledge of foreign did tho arduous duties of hostess charmingly, our family affairs was surprising. They knew, with the su pport f an ot h er a school-mat- e of who of us were married"and what wa3 our reher own age. In visiting the native consuls, lationship, where we had been, where we were governors, village heykhs and other public going and how long' we were to stay, and al- I have never seen the- women , of the ways what we paid for chickens, In all tipper men, harem, except by special invitation from the bgypt 1 saw but one woman on a donkey, and master of the house;. But one meeta in Cairo not one on a camel; everywhere the man rode, native women of all classes, in the shops, in sometimes, with . a child before him while the, the baz&ars, in the gardens, "on donkeys and in. woman walked often carrying a baby. In ... r i carnages, and their evidejittejitiaiiia-U- U 4hiLtreis:4h the man to recognize his wife, or any female enjoy themselves. I know the wife of a pacha, a Copt", who receives gentlemen with ladies, member of the family old enough to be: veiled, but never alone. .Among the noble families as his.recognition would betray her to his male' 77 there is much visiting and gossiping and friends. of, jewelry, and too much freedom in conversation. It is in Egypt now as it was in the past ages; in society, lively, interesting converMEETING. sation becomes the cream of the entertainment; the native women I have seen, are amiable The regular meeting of the sisters was held '. and engaging, and seemed to keenly enjoy the in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, Saturday, visit of the stranger. But from entertainments March 31st, at 2 p.m., Coun.B. W. Smith where men are present, virtuous women are ex. Singing, "0, my Father," etc. Prayer eluded. , , was offered by - Coun. E. Howard. Continued The ancient Egyptians were far advanced in by singing, "Who are these arrayed in white?' their recognition of woman's' place in society; Minutes of previous meeting read and accepted. s there aro numerous representing the Minutes of IV A. of the 5th and-St- h Wards master and mistress of the home receiving were read. Sister Smith desired the sisters in their guests, together, seated side by side, the congregation to occupy the time. dancers, singers ' and musicians; presenting Sister Brown desirect to have her lamp .'' themselves to - the couple and making their trimmed and burning, and trusted 'that when salutations.. Greece was in this far behind, she came in contact with those outside thP Egypt, as tho words of Cornelius JNepos prove. Church, that words - might be put into her He the Roman, says to the Greeks: "What mourn. mistress of a house can here be, shown, that ; Sister Sarah Phelps, who had been absent has not- - the chief par tin the house, and what from the for some time, made good and mams tljere of ua who is ashamed to , bring instructivecity remarks. She-havindicated our his wife, to an entertainment?" Then Greek peopleand proclaimed our principles when she . " . " ; far-sighte- d its'-mother'- s -- 'J' 'V' - ; d. ; " . 1 mal&f-the-nymphs-of-- the -- -- - - ex-eej- )t . . i - dis-pla- y i SEMI-MONTHL- Y ' , pre-sidio- g. ' " ;." , " came in contact with those outside; thought .many of the prophecies were being fulfilled in this day. Referred to- - the youth of. the world and. their ideas, concerning religion. .'Bister E. B. Wells spoke of the education and" benefits the sisters .had received through attending these meetings; that many prayers had been offered here for the sick, and they" had been .answered sometimes in a marvelous manner, Thought the blessings the Saints enjoyed and anticipated more than compensated for even the severest trials, they are as nothing compared to the reward which is in store for the faithful; thought, it was wejl Jo --prophecy good for Zion. Thought much good to the children would result from thePnmaryAsso- . ciations. Felt glad to have so many opportunities of bearing testimony and explaining the principles of our faith to strangers. Ah luded to the aged sisters Sister Eliza, Mother Whitney and others who. had formerly been associated with us in these meetings and elsewhere, and who are now gone behind the veil. Would not call them back, for they have gone to those who loved them. Sister Newsom bore a faithful testimony. toi " t he truth" of th e p r iucTpT of plu ra fe m a rri age, and quoted from the .Bible of the terrible judgments that are to come upon the wicked, and the deliverance of the Saints, and that ' there was, nothing, to be compared to the true and everlasting Gospel. Sister .,E. Stevenson iha ecerillv-rpa? through a Revere sickness; felt that she had been healed through the administration of the brethren and the goodness of God. She touched upon' the vanities of the world, and quoted from Bro. H. C. Kimball's remark? on - mothers to vtheubject.--Exhortetheir children. A sister in the congregation and also Sister Dyer each bore a good testimony. Sister Ellen Grieves said, what would we do without our Lord and Savior, and without our' religion? 'Related a conversation she had with a stranger. She gave the meaning of the word Gentile one who rebelsand it was 'Esau who rebelled and sold his birthright for, a mess of pottage. Thanked God' for opening her hart toreceiye the Gospel. i4Let each one try and stand for herself,; and I find we have enough if . . -- . -r- r " d we do ' that."' .Sister .M.. .E. Kimball bore her lestirnony, and made some good remarks. Sister Whitpin ; sang a hymn. Sister Mary' Silver added her testimony, and sang, one . verse! of the hymn, "'1 here's a feast of fat things," etc. , Coun. S. Kimbalt desired to tesify of Jesus, - . d-teive-iearrnereT that she might be prepared for all changes. "We should all qualify ourselves to be able to inform Jhose who come into our midst inquiring into our doctrines and principles." Prest. Home exhorted the sisters to their influence in keeping our youth froTattending the lectures upon infidelity; hoped the Spirit of infidelity would not exist id our midst. "Let us be thankful we have a light within us, by which we can discern good from evil." Meeting adjourned for two weeks Singing, Benediction by Sister E. " S. "Doxology." ;'' ,"" Taylor. : Jane Smellie, Secretary.' uf : . J22 bas-relief- . The" coronation ot Emperor Frederick 'and Empress Victoria as King and Queen of Prussia is expected to occur at Kcraigsberg in June. " - . ( : At the reception .to the old 'factory girls and their daughter3,during the International Council in Washington D. C. there was present the daughter of one who once worked in the Lowell factory, and learned to write while at her work by placing her, open .grammar on, her loom. She is now a missionary in .India. Ex , ... s 