WOMAN'S EXPONENT. '92 -- : Woman 'S Exponent 1 EMMELLE B. WELLS, Editor. nit'. r After returning with Mrs. Reese to her hbme wecoriversed upon current topics, .and discussed woman-suffrag- e and 'equal rights etc., Miss Olive Reese an Ohio girl from Willoughby . was quite an advocate of advanced ;ideas. but soon reached the old townjof Monterey, a, quaint old place - iqdeed it is, and well worth seeing. Three miles further up hill all the way and in sight of the glorious sea, we come to a delightful grove, withsome small and neat cottages and other large epompf? r? trifKtnt' fottfrr nn nanrtla air- -. ThpfTvt'n Tg IttH rtfT She had. in streets', though. it appears the(i arrangement is prepared for woman's advancement. j been trying to organize societies of the W.C.T.U., rather new. There is a church" there, Catholic it and had met with some opposition, and a great seemed, as the name wras St. Joseph. The houses deal of ridicule and sarcasm. We took tea with are built clear down almost to the very shore' of ournew found causin and familyand immediately the sea or bay, and those so near must have the tt .A t i after badegood-bye- , u and proceeded on our way to wiera music oi me waves constantly, a to scene even the and from view, the train, arriving just ,time tb catcnjhe evening ''".(:... inspiring grand we and train for Mpn when but walkedi away alighted jtlistance PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, the - ride was uninteresting on account of the to the point of a roQkycinr, the efiect was' beyond we. were very weary it added darkness, and.-aexpression; we Mjere just meditating descending - much to our discomfort; therefore, we rejoiced upon a large" flat rock that lay part way down the .Entered, at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as when we came in sight of the Del Monte station. steep jiscent towards the sea in order.to hear "the Secojid Class Matter. When we allighted and filed Into the Hotel buss music of the waves" more distinctlyln the solemn along with about twelve or fifteen othersas tired silence that surrounded us here, when a crm wave dashed fiercely over if as though it would, ; as we were. Entering by ,a few wide Salt Lake City, 2SwEMBEit':i$, i8887 seemingly, steps under a portico, we were ushered into a wash it from its very foundation, and so we aban- was - doned the ideaas we tlid not wish to be swept out large hall where an immense' open, THE DELJiONTE &MONTEREY. into the great billowy tossing sea. We gazed and blazing with light -- from huge pine logs on large ThlTTlpnlliancyof The-g- -- thought, Scarcely speaking to e,ach other, until we From San Francisco along the Southern Pacific light from the chandelier added to the cheer-iu- l "felt we must go on out way again, Resuming our line to Monterey the scenery is vey picturesque.' ride we drove up a long hill through what was effect, and we waited in silence far "ourturn to The first station is Ocean View, a handsome register; as we were oniy two ladies traveling really more a wood tlian a grove, stooping once or little place. Passing on through small towns alone we were the last served, but finally our turn twir nn nnr wav tn ask snmp nnpntinnshrtnt iU, with pretty little cottages, trees, vines 'and shrub, came; and .after some inquiries as to prices etc. direction to take. In the woods we met a gentleand finally we we registered from Salt Lake City. The clerk, bery, one comes upon San Mateo, a town older man, who seemed inclined to' talk, r i, '"" .1 and larger than most of the, others and which is in a business like manner, informed us that dinner learned inai ne naa visnea pait iaice and stopped a .few weeks during, the past summer, aat the spoken of. as a place desirable-t- o see, but one : would be ove r at e ight, and it was then half past " -- nas to oDserve much from a railway seven; so we took the- - elevator to the third S)eju:er House, We drove On through miles iof train in motion and the stopping is almost alwaysjn woods where we could hear the roar of the ocean story, hurridiy made our evening toilet and de an uninteresting part of the town. On and on scended to the dining-roo'We were seated at surgiug auu luudinug, aiju me bigfHUg 01 cypress we arrive at Menlo and pines, and we recalled all we had ever read Park again, where there are one of the tables with some of our 01 ine sea, uui nuunng we couiu reraemoer seemea very .handsome grounds laid Tout and beautified, and as one invariably does among strangers, that are a delight to the eye of the traveler. to" equal the reality; everything- was quiet, no we began to take notes, in a quiet way, of the Further on is Mayfield, which one would presume party. There was an elderly man and his wie, carriages were, near us, though we "had seen one has the appearance of May all the year round or two on our way, and tne aosence or human life some years younger,which I. knevv the moment I Aa a d W or r f cni inrl tVio fV r o c f m rsr. t Jl251i feffe1 ?dkaws'gt eei.then.aftexJ saw them, and a boy of, perhaps eight or nine two more waits, at commonplace towns we two young women and a gentleman with iron, impressive to one whose very soul was wrought to reach Santa Clara, where there are some laree an exultation of feeling by the solemnity and irray hair; they were Vverviolly crowd, and evi- and handsome residences and grounds anrl th ntlv rnmctn .hive iri., TtiO grandeur of the hour amid such haunts of nature. tim.' rinr iuu " a wnri i -- rMM. ; v ' j r.T";.3 w), -- - fruits are very fine; - that thi old gentleman was entertaining the other " All that the poets had ever written, all the songs The next place is San ; Jose, and here we had partv, who were having a that had ever been sung, sank into insignificance good, deal of fun at his deemed to stop oil a tew hours, wait for the next expense, in more than the way of eating and for the time, and only one of the verses of the and hunt some train, cousins. up Here we drinking, and drink they did. There were not "Apostrophe to the Ocean" seemed at all expreswalked around up and down making in the house, and none of sive of the consciousness felt, which could find no inquiries etc;- more than tor as we Had heard much of the fame of San themeemed to be permanently located, all. tranlanguage. Jose, we were anxiousto see for ourselves. It is we sients. That night there was a jollification at VThere is a pleasure in3the pathless woods. are told, a town of abou t 30,000 or more inhabitJFonterey, whigh is about a mile or two farther on, There is a rapture on the lonely shore, ants, many of them very wealthy. An elegant and the fireworks and the cannon kept up a There is society where none intrudes,-Bnew City 'Hall has been built recently, and a all noise tremendous night. the lone sea, and music in its roar," large hotel called the Melville; there are street cars on we the down went to following morning Early running there, and altogether, it seemed to be a breakfast where we were seated at the same table At last after a lonelv ridel but one full of the prosperous and thriving city. We dined at the with the same people and. had still another most exquisite melody of feeling, we reached what oppor Lick House, and indeed felt anxious to'stay ove'r tunity: for observation. They have elegant silver is known as "Cypress Point," a neck of land ani.SPki!lLick0.bservatoy, but, learning at the Del Monte, each piece marked Del reaching out into the open sea upon a high bank that "it would require one whole day's lira, we Monte, which we did net quite understand, and that carriages may driveupoh and turn, but we denied ourselves the pleasure, as time was an'ob-jectl- n no one seemed able to explain. After breakfast walked, and gazed our fill, in part, for who could , making this' journey we went out upon the spacious and elegant grounds tire of such wondrous and awful grandeur here MeLdinnH we started out again and succeeded which one cannot possibly describe to do them we could hearlhe roarg of the sea lions m the in finding one of the relatives we had been search justice, one must see "for himself. .It would be distance, on the rocks; wre looked downxWhere ing for; we had to introduce ourselves, of course, easy to imagine ourselves, for the momentum the shore or bank curved hundreds of feet below; but we were graciously received ; on every side are the most beautiful a carriage full of guests from the hotel drew up notwithstanding fairy-lan- d " ne -we knlivFtney had no TwfiTewe werethere,'-buiaayoon harnessed" flowers, in blossom, m everTvalieltyriwni; her horse and went with us to what is known and shades. Treves magnificent in height and feelings akin to ours, from their very manner; theceas'The Willows," just at the outskirts of walks and roadways grandeur of appearance; they were off again in great haste, while - we lin- ' the town, where there is a gfeat deal of fruit-dry- laid out artistically winding aroUl, summer gered as long as we dared, to take in all that the ve were S for K. Mrs. houses, and large looking heart ,could contain, of th e d ivine rhythm and m -u ;.l.-rt- f- , .. r. 01 wasninn nn Manila a. iMCher. lU - j i 1. V.lV: it cousin a il3 d en ngto t h e new come r7Aft e rwand e rirrgaou backrtrrTh eDeliontewendroveTJast' the Chin ese onedown-t- o Santa Jbara sowe time ve arraned fnr n hnrnAT Rshennen s; huts, a very curious place, unn k erany-thin- g c .u cards and drove back to ih rpntr buggy to drive to Pacific Grove and along the else we have seen here; there were quanMrs. Reese pointed out many places of interest seventeen mile beach. Mrs. Vhhney tities of shells and curiosities for sale, little and drove out to the district or streets being a good horsewemen, we decided-i- t would Chinese girls soliciting us to buy, but as we did the Spanish Mexicans, so we Had a occupied by chance to see be better than hiring a carriage and, driver, who notaTM ands hear someihCng about their life and habits would, perhaps, tell us more than-wwanted to away from our lodgings, we did not invest in many, JrpriLOner well acquaintetbvith hersubj ect.-H- ear1 e as we had. Iknow7.aporae.guid s .dOaDdS.,prefeiTedou7; - though we afterwards wished ' . own. ). company. After tlinner at the no such opportunity-againHelen Jackson's story Ramona. We drove , out past The bathing resorts, and Del Monte, we asked .to be shown Through the . ' PuMMied la Sul t Lake City, Utah "Terras: one copy oho yearj 2.00; one copy six months, $1.00. Ten copies for the price of nine... Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, ?2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount ' to regular advertisers. No. 25 Exponent office, E... South Temple Street,second of east DescretTNews Office. hours from lO jtm- gate to 5 p.m. every day, except undy "t ..... ' . ' Address all lousiness' communications to semi-monthl- y '." mil nA 1t1 n rl cnimrrMTrfprsfPST . ' -v m it-w- : ... . . " : . " . . . s - 1 - fire-plac- old-fashion- fire-dogs- ed e as T : . . ' 1 ; 1 . no-cnanc- e m. fellow-passenge- rs, - JlSI V . ."'' - , fifty-gue- sts y . . -- Twywuri boat-house- IV 1 : - 1 bath-hous- s, 1 es r. w -- faT-fara- r-,- ed -- ; e we-ha- .. dj -- 