A . . ' . U . ' ' " ' - . The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Bights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. 17. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, CONSOLATION. And I opened the windows of day, t Peering thro! dim shadows of dawning "that darkened the heavenly way; I longed and watched, for some token, To heal a poor heart, that wa? broken; . Car-micha- -- L the cEimds and the darkness, had shrouded our earth-lif- e That below, The tears and the trials.and sadness, That mortal probation must know, Retrospection would surely awaken Regrets for the loved ones forsaken. ; Remembering 4- - I listened, of something, A presence that beamed on my sight, And I wondered if angers were noting The rapturous joy and delight. That gladdened the face'of the woman As she wafted a sigh for the human. half-conscio- us I pondered in fond expectation, Of a message from regions above. And I bowed in intense supplication, In humility, meekness and love; zJButl Jheard onlysighing and sol ThoMhe great puise of nature was throbbing. ' - - And the visionso sweet, fled away, And with it, the soft, sombre shading, That encircled the earth, cold and grey; And the sun, in his splendor arising, The world with fresh light was baptizing. , The poet, now fully awakened, Soliloquized, "What of the night? Aye, what had the vision betokened, Tharvanbhed so quickly from sight?" But the morning broke forth into singing, And the welkin with music was ringing. The wol was awakened to gladness, And theVvoices of night were no more; But the echoes of sighing and sadness, Had pierced to a far distant shore; And the Father, with infinite feeling, Had poured out the balm of His healing. . .' E. B. W. For the Exponent. I THE WOMEN OF UTAH. PART III. w . may the keenest sense, enjoy alPthe pleasures and In sweet meditation rthe delights of life. silver linings peer through the dreary clouds and reveal the brightness and glory of the heavens; the quiet, sombre dream blends with the deepening day, revealing the faintest, fairest tints and shades; the sea waves wash on the sandy beach in grand and eloquent music, the rivers flow and the brooks ripple in rhythmic tone, the winds whisper and" sigh through the woods and waves, the birds carol in their happy flight, and in their blending songs all breathe the most melodious chorus ever heard on earth; the lives and thoughts of the flowers are told throueh their perfumes in most exquisite lan guage, and dreams and thoughts and visions become most real. Oh, the elysian field! how we fain would linger there forever, and yet 'tis withthe most cautious, fearing step we even dare stray along the path and glance only a moment within. Oh, to be lost in such a place,where all that annoys and sorrows mankind is forrjrottettrand; thetlelicate imagery ofzlifebe: comes a fair reality.: Life is too real for many to dare venture into this path, and among the Mormon women there has, until later days, been too much need forpractical work and labor for them to devote much time in this field, but genius and talent will thrust itself forward, in spite of all obstacles, and we claim, among the women of Utah, gome very tnbugntmlTsensi bie, beautilu bright literary workers. It seems so natural to refer to our dear, de parted leader, Eliza R. Snow, as the first Utah woman who published-a- 7 book. She it is who has precedence in almost everything pertaining to woman s advancement among ner people. Fortune favored her in every way for a public life, and all her surroundings and opportunities seemed to urge and encourage her into the path of literature. So much has been written in the columns of the Exponent of this noble lady's work, that it would be a futile attempt to strive to aoM more. Her work is before the people like an open book, and every page discloses deeds and thoughts, 'the noblest, the purest, the. grandest one can conceive. Her history is interwoven with the history of the Church in all their wanderings, their sojourn-ing- s, their adversity, their prosperity; It is useless to try to pay tribute to such a character, she is beyond the pale of all that we can say. As a writer, ''Sister Eliza" (for so we love best to call her), ranks ju. the highest class. ..Her early poems and letters were published in the Deserd News, and as early as 1856 she published her first volume of poems. Her songs were sung by the Saints in their wanderings on the plains, and inspired and encouraged them on tneir weary way. She wrote the sweetest and dearest ot hymns '?Oh, my Father, Thou . I knew, by an inward suggestion, That a presence of angels jsvas near, And a feeling, no language could question, Thrilled thrqme and banished all fear. As I thought of a promts once given, When we spoke of our parting and heaven. The mist on the mountain yas fading, ... jthe-peop- le, half-dreamin- - In her beauty and loveliness glowing;-- , With the goat of her hopes just in sight, Her white robes all gracefully flowing, And dazzled with splendor so bright-G- aze backward, beholding our grief, Filled with yearning to give us relief. The field of literature is delightful, full of doctrine revealed through the precious inspired be1 the only refreshing draughts, beautiful scenes, melodic Jines. The Demd News used to medium through which the early writers could sounds. and the very There are many delightful paths in life, express themselves to ola numbers show some of the prettiest and where one can wander at one's will and breathe 'choieest verses from the pen of Sarah E. and live and learn, almost without an effort, a young and most gifted girl. She, but there is a fair,' beautiful, winding path, tempting to the soul, which leads into a broad some few years later, while xesidirlg in Califoand glorious fieldrwherethe multitude -- fain rnia, gathered her poems together and published would revel, but only the choice few can enter. them in a"Bmall neat volume. Not a verse pThe field of literature. In this charming place therein which did not stamp her a poe one to Miss Carmichael all the senses are awakened, and tho the body be recognized anywhere. of be in calm repose, the soul will- still, in gave every promisebecoming one of the " :m- - I felt that some angel of pity, Might have paused at the gateway of light, Ere she entered the beautiful city, --7-' Where there is ifo sorrow nor night,, And standing where sunlight was streaming, .. On the threshold in vision - and" all whofsing i)rhear it sung, feeL indebted to her for the beautiful rthat cicelies t' ar the most in the common sions." Hume. I lifted the curtains of morning, No. 4; JULY 15, 1888. WOMEN IN LITERATURE "Such a superiority do the pursuit of literature possess above every other occupation, that even he who attains but a mediocrity in them merits the pre eminence above those that excel .. el, . most gifted poets of the century but, alas for " fate, a cloud more' dreadful than death fell upon her, and "her thoughts were combinations of disjointed things," an?' "the glance of melancholy is a fearful gift' As Miss Snow arid Miss Carmicheal found space in the News to publish their poetic thoughts, so did our much honored and Joved sister, Hannah Tapfield King. Mrs. King herself says: "From a child I had been accustomed to write muchand in ray early married days wrote two books, one for my girls and one : for my boys; I also wrote considerable poetry all my life." In June, 1853, Mrs. King left .her dear England for ;the wilds of America. One almoit dreads to think of a soul full of learning and poetry, reared among the "classic shades and bowers" of Cambridge parting forever from all the fond associations r to enter an unknown land. "She "knew not what awaited her, perhaps not even a home, certainly not the culture and comfort among ri which ehe had been reared, and for which her noble nature yearned, but conquering all feel-"- " ings the altar of her faith, she bade farewell to England, and embarked on the ship Oolconda for her new home; like so many others of our people, giving up worldly blessings for the hope ana belief that greater blessings would be bestowed upon her, arid they were, and have been, .1 . it ia !A a a ana1 nowtnasne-nas-passeirom earin-wimost perfect, unfailing Faith, who knows, who woulct dare to estimate the heavenly, eternal joys that are hers. Her lofty soul soon found, even in this remote, uncultivated land, food for the mind, and it was Mrs. King's delight to give her thoughts to the people. Her works are mostly, whether prose or verse, of an historic nature, and she leans to the sublime and grand more than the simple and beautiful style. She "Women of the Scriptures," "Songs ot lie Heart, " and "An Epic roem ' which was historical of the Church. Her life was pure and good and true; she aimed to be a perfect woman, .as her own beautiful words can tell: , -- orjenadluctaro , ; pub-Jishe- d, . I fought the battle all my life, Of outward foe and inward strife, The strife which flesh and spirit feel, As keenly as the barbed steek For, oh ! my soul has longed to be A perfect thing for God to see I ' The reading public miss and mourn for Mrs. King, and especially do the readers of the Exponent, for her lines so often illuminated its columns, and we miss her socially. v Her conversation was full of wisdom and entertaining knowledge; she possessed a superior, iudg- ment on literary works, and was not only an apt and good critic, but - a. most pleasing and. interesting friend. 