The Rights of the Women 'of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of . Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH,- 16. ELIZA SNOW, SMITH. Ri- My u . . Shall we, who loved thee here, e'er love thee less? Mother and friend, and sister choice and rare !. Israel's first songstress, Zion's poetess I . Thou answerest "Follow on My glories share;Heaven hath room for all Oh, join me therel" me. .. " """" '" LULA, ' C December, 1887. - "Marion." With fervent prayers for you all, I remain, 1 our loving mother, , Darling Lula: v Your holiday letter, with kind tokens of remembrance, was thankfully received. It is sweet to be tenderly and thoughtfully remem bered by those we love. Especially do I regard the affection of my dear children as precious beyond measure. Arid that they love and fear the Lord is a most comforting thought to Rich in those gifts which hold sublimest worth, ' , didst increase, So wast thou formed; thy wealth-tho" Nor lost ope gem," nor caught one taint from earth; Onward, thy passport leads, to glorious peace, Where love and joy and good works never cease. fare of the work of God. Tell Sister Wsl'ls that I very much appreciate the Exponent, and ask her to nlease chancre mv address to " Marion, Cassia Co., Idaho, January 16, 1888, 1 ITEMS FROM ARIZONA. Dear Editor: Once more.I have taken up my pen to give youx readers a few items from this far off place. The pleasant weather of autumn is past, and Yesterday, I believe, was about as cold a day is with us, and it has as l ever experienced. I could not keep warm winter, grim and cold, DeelTBitter coldTor this usdally mild cli mater close to the tire' with all the wraps I could get are goneagain, and little on. Today is not quite so cold. So far, this The merry holidays folks started .to school. We are so farjrom winter, my health has been very good for me. - friends and relatives," and yet dear- old Santa The news of the death of "our beloved Presi1 la i ti dent,. Sister E. R. S. Smith, was quite a shock filled many a little heart with joy to me, notwithstanding her; advanced age and small, they and eratitude. The nrecious letters he brought. 1 1 t t t .1 tne iact mat ner neaitn naa oeen aeiicate so and cheer, did so much to- much of the time during the pa3t year. It all full of comfort . ward lifting us above "life's dreary cares;" such seem3 lonely to think that she has really passed letters are like thev visitations, of angels to me. beyond this vail of mortality, and that we shall Our numbers are so few here at the present see her no more this side. How many of our usual sisters' meetings have not loved ones have departed, and how little we time, that our Our Primary has lately been know who, or how many, may be called hence been held. and we, hope the others will soon be in the year just opening. It surely stands us organized, in order, again; but as there i3 seldom more than '.? an in hand to be ready at any time. three or four sisters here at a timei little can Reading in the Deseret News of the awful depravity of some of the youngs boys in your, nnnlrr in ciinli ifinra n 7a f r n a o rwl mrvif Oh! my city, makes me fairly shudder. hail the day when our numbers will daughter, let nothing hinder your at gladly success in this direction. tention to your little boys. Do not forget that give promise of Our Indian neighbors are still quite friendly; now, while they are so young and close around T Vila 4 r linvfA vfnAnnrl rt rkvn all is with to the time them good you,, impress feel would be of interest and nobleentiments and desires; the value of thing which I could truth, honesty andlTvTrtue, tlie infptaceof Na vajoes, though it may not .be out of place to being industrious, prayerful and generous, and mention some strange customs. all these beautiful qualities which combine to From a missionary I learned that a make up a pure and excellent character. ." and mother never look at each other alter "w If parents would only put these matters in to her daughter, lest he or she their proper place, far ahead of gaining his marriage should immediately be" struck- with f) rind n ess. with all and wealth that worldly things perish It is said the mother may still cling to the the using, would so many reckless young peodevotion-aaprevioji, i i . ... '. ple be found in Zion? It seems to "me there jlaugktejiitJitliesame i. ... i !it would not.True, even then some might go astray, to Htr marriage, auu uve lur years almost wuu her, and yet with this strange idea, she will not but T think not so many. dare to let her eyes turn for a moment drf I came across one of your old poems among even husband of her child, nor will he presume I will send you, the nfy letters the other to glance at her.' They are a very superstitious as I do not think you kept a copy of it. It has people ir every way, and when any are sick it no title. Here it is: is often thought that an enemy nas caused it "Truth will triumph never fear, by casting some evil spell on the afflicted one. Ye who battle for Ihe right;. Then they have their great "medicine men," to Be in'earfiest, be sincere, whom they give all their houses and sheep fre--' with all and work might. your Pray quehtly, with the hope of having this dreaded spell broken. Those who have learned some Should you once mistake your part, of the beautiful truths which the Gospel teaches Humbly bear all just reproof; are full of faith and have perfect confidence Cleanse andpurify your heart, that their sick will be healed through the adFrom all baseness stand aloof: ministration, by the Eiders of the Church, and Help your brothefon the road, where thi3 implicit faith is continued, the bless Think not of yourself alone; ing, and often .the entire healing, is realized. 'Aid him with his heavy load, Our brethren have endeavored Guard his honor as your own. them that it is not the power of man that Be prepared for deadly strtfe, brings about this cure, but it is to God, their Virtue to the death defend . Heavenly Father, whom their, praise and '""'' hanks are due. They will often come with a Thy reward eternal life sick babe and ask for a little oil to rub on some Truth will triumph in the endl afflicted part, saying they know it will make it well at once. 1 here have been some very reWhen you see Sisters Presendia and Zina re- markable cases of healing, and this has a ten-- - . member me to them with much love; also all the dency tq, increase their faith. Not many months ago an old chiefs daughter other dear sisters who are laboring for the wel- . When work is done, The dreary monotone of each long day Ii past, ancHam plight casts its sickly ray O'er my lone room, ; d With head' I sit and gaze within the dim recess Qf an old desk; and gazing thus, I bless The treasures there. . hind-proppe- My dreaming eyes Behold the tracings, of a writing quaint On scrolls about whose folds a perfume faint Dotb linger still " ; '"a- - That once response had 1 . 1 ' I . 1 1 The working hands, Now coldl) locked in Death's chill clasp, Greene. S. K. 1 MEMORIES. No. 11. 1 FEBRUARY 1, 188d. LETTER. ... Eternity's broad space now opes to give, Loved on to thee; thy place and honor due; Into that realm for which thou e'er didst live; . Zion's great leaders usher thee anew, And angel records show thy works all true - - - all Nations. 1171 1 given to my warm grasp Outpourings they a Of young soul as pure as light. That lov'd me well, but took an earthly flight """" To Heav'n's bright shrine: -- of-the- ir son-in-la- w - And visions come sight And bring again that face so fair and bright That once was mine. tear-dimm- ed 3 -- , O wells of light Those eyes where love and mirth combine Loved hair, that clusters like a clinging vine Upon that brow I " day,-whic- - O sunset flush Of those soft, tender lineless cheeks Of laughing mouth, that surely to me speaks And bids me smile -- 0 impulse -- wild, That makes me try to meet it with a kiss 1 ' . How fast they fade I Eyes, cheek, lips all are fled Of that dear face, and in their radiant stead Are. relics pale. . . ' And thus dispels the vision and the bliss, Of my fond dream h ! 1 1 1 1 And cheered my soul Before my strained: 1 ' . One tress have I g Of that abundant, hair, A score of letters and a rose once fair, Now scentless, dry, softly-curlin- I bow my head, Andjears fall on that withered spray, Where once the morning dewdrops brightly lay, In rain regret. I GIPSKV. v 