necessary, but soma things might be known without being repeatedly told. .. v Bishop Whitney . then compared the warnings and fate of Jerusalem - with the testimony uttered ' His allusion to the by the tongues of prediction of Jesus concerning that rebellious city s- jinjjt lift terr i bXefulfi m e n t fi ft y &ars-la- Jf extremely touching. He bore a strong testimony of the truth of the Gospel, and the near approach of the consummation of all things. He condemned the class distinctions, which too much prevailed among the" Saints, and showed that the work of preparation for Christ's coming,' was to bring dovyxLihe haiihtv and lift the low! v and ooDressedf He said that there would be a grand leveling of mountains and raising of valleys, literally and figuratively, ftfore that day, "for. God would make the crooked straight, and the rough-placepi tin: and deceit and - hypocrisy would be done away. In speaking of amusements, he said that recreation was necessary, and pleasure to' a certain extent proper; but this did not justify the Saints it making pleasure the pursuit of life, instead of a seasoning, as if their existence here were a huge joke. And in closing, he exhorted all to solemnify theirthouhts. andto prepare.themselves for the times which had. been predicted, and for parlici. pancy in the great blessings to be enjoyed, when the millennial reign of Christ should commence and the earth should rest a thousand years. to-da- 1 ask r,-- wa OBEDIENCE TO GOD'S COMMAND. It requires obedience ' to God's commands to be a Latter day Saint. was asked this 'question. "What does it reSaint? It was by one quire to be a Latter-da- y our and principles. This faith of was not who question awakene Jin mind a multitude of thoughts and refleciipns and bade me to commit some of them to.paper. I fed that I am inadequate to answer this question in the fullest sense and meaning of the term. It is necessary that we, as well as those who are not of us, should under- I . - s- - : W 'y is to ooey me oospei requirements., witnout which, they cannot enter the progressive, and we cannot go. on in progression as Latter-da- y Saints. Christ laid down the law of salvation and was obedient to it Himself, and requires obedience from all creatures. Some may. ask, whaF is the law? It is written in plain and simple language by Mathew, Mark, Luke, John, Paul and all the former day Saints who did not get into the . J J . rs j one ot tne L,ora. from the presence The angel, Gabriehcame direct and told Elizabeth or Zacharias Lord the that of she should have a son in her old age and he should be filled with the Holy Ghost and his name should be John. And the lather ol this son of promise prophesied of him, and said, St. Luke ist chap. 76 verse, "And, thou, child, shalt be called the prophet of the Highest; for thou shalt go before the face of the Lord to prepare His ways;" "To give knowledge of salvation unto His people by .the remission of their sins." And the Angel Gabriel said of John before he was born that he should go before the Savior in the power and spirit of .Elias, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, to make ready a people prepared for the Lord. And what did John do? Let us read St. Mark, istchap. 4 verse. "John did baptise in the wilderness, and preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins." Jesus yielded himself to baptism. Was baptised of John in Jordan; afterward the Spirit of God rested upon his the voice of Father Him and well was in He Him to said, pleased that He had done His Father's signify will in being baptised, He said, "He came not to do Hit own will but Hit Father's;" and also said Jonn tne Dapust was a-cn- osen . ( - the ., Pratt, baptism "or -- r - M. Salt Lake Gity, Dec. 13, 1887,; scribes? .. s 1 of " Latter-da- y ,. Mary Ann question it from was of John, And" as.the people;believed ' heaven or of men?" Johhtohe a prophet theseribespdid-n- ot denythat it was not from heaven, last the chapters and verses of Mathew and Mark tell all people what to do. And Peter, Acts 38th chap, arid 39th verse. "Then Peter said unto them, repent and be baptised .every one of you in the name of Jesus Lhnst tor the remission of sins, arid ye shall Teceive lhe"gift"6flhe Holy Ghost." the promise is unto you, and to your children and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call," All people are now called to repent, turn away from their sins and be bap- tised-fothe remission of them, for the angel that John the, Revelator saw, has brought again the everlasting Gospel to preach to every nation kindred, tongue, and people. Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to Him; for the hour of His judgment is come," etc. Last chap. of Revelation I2ih verse. The word of the Savior is,--" And behold "Ic6me"qliickTyhoy rriy7eward is with me, to give every man according as his ' work shall be." 15th chap.4th- verse. "Who shaH not fea"rlhee, O Lordrand glorify thy name?-f- or thou only art holy; for all nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest." "And I heard another voice from heaven saying, come out oJher my people' that ye be. not partakers of her sins, arid that ye receive not of her plagues." The Latter-da- y Saints have gathered out from the world, that they may learn more fully of the ways of the Lord and walk in his paths. All these things ... it is Saint. When necessary to"do, to be a Latter-da- y we have been obedient to all the ordinances of the Gospel we then go on from knowledge to knowledge until we become perfected in the truth and have no doubt, knowing thatwe have-kep-t His commandments. For whosoever is born of God overcofneth the world and this is the victory, even ourTaith. And it is the spirit that beareth wit n e ss7T)ecaus"th e spirit i str u th . ' ' Fo r th e r e are these that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word,' and the Holy Ghost ,and these three are one" And there are three that bear witness in earth,; the spirit, and the water, and the blood; and these three agree in one." Now, if we are obedient to the word, "He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved," and receive the Holy Ghost by We have three that bear witness in heaven. We have three that bear wk ess on earth", the spirit, the water, and blood. And these all agree in one. The witness of our Heavenly Father is the greatest. The Latter-daSaints have the knowledge of the true Gospel of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Theonly revealed religion existing on the earth; they know the penalty of sin, and the joys and happiness'of a pure life, and like former-daSaints count all things else as dross, compared to the eternal riches of an endless life in the mansions prepared for those who love and serve Him faitkfully to the end. A Latter-da- y Saint when first initiated into the Kingdom becomes as a little child and receivesxjourishment from the Holy Sprit, which leads and guides into all truth. If they forsake the world and all its pride and allurements the Holy Ghost takes up its abode withthem,to usher them into a new life; their souls are filled with peace and joy, they have found the pearl of great price the truth, the gem of revelation, they are satisfied, and have' confidence to seek at the throne 01 grace for light and knowledge that they may grow in grace and in the mysteries of the things of God, and under these conditions we must be' as perfect as we know how, according t the knowledge wt possess. I hav lightly "The y. 1 the to be a touched on what it requires Saint. to His Disciples, "As my Father hath 'sent me,, even so, send I you." Now, the Gospel plan of salvation was from heaven, or why did .the Savior ; " EXPONENT; WOMAN'S 126 N WE D D I NG. A GOL D On Wednesday, the 28th of December, Brother and Sister Mifflin Palmer, of the Eighth Ward of this city, celebrated their Golden Wed ding.. I he couple are Dotn past tne age of three score and ten, and are natives" of Chester County, -marnea nrijryears Pennsylvania, wnere iney-weago, by the Rev. Mr. Miles. Mr. and Mrs. Palmer have had eight children, six of whom are living, thirty-on- e grandchildren vhom have are one greatsix of dead, and they are the the wife of of parents grandchild. They Bishop Bringhurst of Toquerville, the wife of Bishop John C. Sharp, of Vernon, Mrs. Edwin Frost, of this city, and of BroV A. M.- Palmer, of , Taylorsvilie. About forty persons spent the evening in feasting, speech making, singing, chatting, reciting etc". -wif e of fifty years exhibited During the evening-th- e her wedding dress and veil to the company who had assembled to do. them honor. The father re " . - - . taingj)nofJds y y . of-Go-d -e- Uu W U y U VVHV r - - W, ItWUUV 4 V cane, and the mother with a handsome gold ring; they also received many tokens of love and esteem Jrom their children and grandchildren, and other relatives in the East and frem friends here in T TfnVi - ' ,' '. . .... ' ' We join with the manyifriends of Brother and Sister Palmer in sincere congratulations, and wish that their lives may be lengthened out according to their desires, and that they may enjoy the declining years "of their life here together in love and harmony in the future as in the past. . K. ,8., Y. L. M. I. A. & P. A. REPORTS' price, emery co. Editor Exponent: ve are aoing tne Dest we can in our scattered condition in behalf of the Relief Society here at Price. We have a good band of sisters here who are working unitedly under the directions of our worthy President, Sister Cox. Our Rplipf years. On the 17th of November, being our Preai-- : dent's birthdav. the sisters all trftthered for ii them a selection of dainties. The tables were spread and everything in readiness for a surprise. When she came we had a very enjoyable time. Sister Sarah L. Cox then gave a short sketch of her life and showed in many ways how she' had been protected by the hand of Providence which was very interesting. : Others of the sisters spoke a short time in behalf of Sister Cox's diligence. Sister Cox selected a hymn, "'Mid scenes of confusion," ctu. ouc was meu given some very nice presents, and adjourned to meet in the evening, which we enjoyed, and all went home feeling we had had a good time. , Your sisterin the Gospel, Mariaii Bryner, Assistant Sec. . . . - m etrag-ainrDrougntwith -- SALT LAKE STAKE. ?he conference of the Relief Rnm'etv of Salt Lake Stake was held in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, in this city; Thursday, Dec. 8, 1887, Counselor Elmina S. Taylor presiding. On the stand and platform were Sisters Rachel R. Grant, Sarah M. Kimball, Rebecca Jones, Zina D. H. Young, Bathsheba W. Smith, Presendia L: Kimball, Minerva W. Snow, the Secretary, Elizabeth Howard, and presidents of of branchtt of the R. S. in the Stake. After 