V WOMAN'S EXPONENT FROM HOME. I've been wishing to see "mother's garden," With a wish that was almost a prayer. And tp see the dear; face that there hovers,, a TThai tome, is so loved and so lair; T when she rsent me'apbsie''" So Of the flowers I love so well,' r. ""It seemed "'twere sent from heaven ' " To break my heart from the spelt i nat was weaving itself around me ';. lit With a sombreness, chill and gloom ' They were faded and almost scentless, 'T But they. brought a message from home. Lile when on wounded flesh, with healing, Are poured. sweet drops of precious bW. ' 1 neriTsaid X. Tras from morn to evenJ iife;-whe- n , -- .' Meadow, August 13, 1888. ; , : ; ' "j, SPEECH. HAND-CAR-T ; We cannot always live with the flowers,- - : , Nor be. sheltered within the hope nest; We're oft tempted by Love's allurements, And 'tis often stern TJuty's behest. ; But there's times when the heart grows aweary, And when duty seems almost a thrall? r, It is train we tunTwHh longing ,! To the most loved ; . place of all. , Would that every tried heart now in exile , ' Could be cheered as mine, " ' With a token of love from loved ones.-- ' That would give such love divine. ' But they cannot.'so God grant that blossoms' Wherever they dwell may bloom, And to comfort, cheer and bless them, Be ladened with "dear home" perfume, E. T. June 15th, 1888 : to-d- ay ,' . " ' . BY BETSEY SMITH GOODWIN. How well I remember when mother said: "Girls, let .us try and get to the valley next season with the handcarts. I have got a letter from your brother Robert; he; has worked his passage as cook over the sea, he has driven a team across the plains, and has arrived safe in Salt Lake City ; he bids us exert ourselves to emigrate next year. He says he will pray-whil- e we work." .We thought he. had the easiest job Well,, we worked at our looms by 'day and our fancy work by ntght, and on ' Saturday we sold the proceeds. :God blest us .with health and labor; He softened the hearts f-our employers, and in many ways we could see ana realize, tnat uoa neips those wno help Ithemselves. We earned and saved enough in six months to pay our passage across the sea, 'and on the 2nd day of .May, in the beautiful month of May, 1856, we left the Bhores of Great Britain, otir beloved native land. " After five- weeks sailing, sea sickness and stormy weather, we landed in New York, thence to Iowa by rail; there we camped six weeks, waiting for the hand carts to be completed, and it was the first week in August ere we rolled out of Iowa to cross the dreary plains for our home with the Saints in Utah. My little brother used to travel twenty and twenty-fou- r miles in a day. We soon got used to travel, and while fair weather and full rations lasted we;were all right. We traveled five weeks, never stopping for Sunday; then we were in the buffalo country; (our cattle that hauled the jwagons andlthe cows.were stampeded, and we camped there, five clays trying to find the cattle; most of them were never Jbuiid; our captain then thought we had done wrong in not we stopping to worship on Sunday. After that ' of for all. rest the Sabbath day kept Each cart had to its load of luggage one ', hundred pounds bf flour, on account . of our loss of cattle, now we were, in September, on half rations and cold weather But we never 'forgot to sing, "Come, come, ye Saints, no toil With great zeal and, fervor, nor labor fear. felt the by way, hoping to rise in the many First Resurrection of the Just. God grant it ! I will Dot dwell on" the hardships we endured with hunger and cold,- but I like to tell how many a storm raged to the right and to the Jeft of us, and (lid not" molest us. One circumstance I remember very clearly; ray mother was taken very sick with cramp 'cholera, a very fatal 'trouble then; we all felt 1 remember bad about mother. thinking, "Others are tlying, and mother may die, and ,what a dark world it will be without mother," and as I gathered the dry sage to make a fire, I was crying v Mother met me aud asked, "What is the matter?" I told her. how bad I felt. She said: "Do not feel. like, that, but pray for me; you and all the rest, and we will get through.. I have just been asking God to spare our lives, so none of us will be left on the way; and no matter what trials we have when we get to the valley, I shall never murmur or complain." God heard us, and 1 can say she kept her wordWelived, andreJivingLyet One more incident I will relate: One evening we camped near a marshy meadow, which abounded in springs and poison parsnips; every one was elated; we had something good to eat Alexander Burt was among the first to find : -o- ; THE CROSS OFXIGHT. ! , . One summer eve, as I sat musing M ' In the shade, at close of day, My wandering thoughts, without my choosing, Seemed to woe my scul away ' To the early days of childhood,: When I roamed by stream and darkwood, t Joyous as the day is long, 's song. 7 Mocking oft the : - wild-bird- 7 7 - All its tangles,, and its mares, All its struggles after good, All its wildness unsubdued. f Sometimes strong, sometimes prevailing In the battle field of life, ' -, Often beaten back, and failing, ' V Ignobly falling in the strife,' ..' Still .the shadow I pursued, . " - -- pro-visio- , Shadowy spectres Tose to view; "As upon a mirror gleaming, ""Tv Seemed jo pass me in review All my life its many phases, -- - T Half awake, yet partly dreaming, MissmgeustanTiaT"go Falling, yielding, struggling, rising, Almost lost in life's deep flood; - What was bare and false, despising, Loving what was pure and good;. Yet in my heart there lurks a treason, Sojourns there against my reason, To drive my better self away, And give my passions all their sway . - "Father, most merciful, in heaven,' Prayed I irk my soul's great pain , "Shall this life which Thou hast given After all be lived in vain? , Must its hopes and its aspirings , v All its longing and desirings, All its searching after light, Be counted nothing in Thy sight?'' : ( . - Then in the air there came a clashing, Like sweet bells at eventide, While the slanting sunbeams flashing Lighted up the mountain's si.de, And formed upon its summit hoary crossof light" ancTgolden glory, Till beams of light .and rush of sound Filled all the throbbing space around. Then o'er ciy spirit stole a feeling Which soothed me with' its holyo iJ -- is . ! " and commenced theni; he came to our camp-firto ufil6ad.T Mother sair"3rpthefrBurt, wnat rnave -- you got?" They are -- parsnips, Sister Smith, a sort of white carrot; put on the pot and-letihave a good mess." that,1' said mother, and we cooked and ate our fill of poison parsnips. I confess " we fel t like we h ad eaten rocks, so heavy-lh- ey were, and not only us, but the whole camp ate of them. ' Our captain arrived late at camp that night, arid when he found out what we had been eating, he groaned aloud, and cried, "Pu t them down, II each one contains enough poison to kill an ox." We were glad we had eaten ours, for we would-n- ot have dared to eat any after that; he said it would be one; of- the providences of the Al- - ' mighty if we were not all dead by morning. We did not realize the truth, of his worjds until next morning one brother diet!; we supposed eaten of them after he knew better. Now ve hadforie quarter of a bound of flour a day, 7 with neither salt or soda; some could hardly ' wait to cook it. It was October, stormy and cold. Soon the flour wassail gone. Then there were crackers for two days; then the blessed boys. of Utah met us with provisions,. They gathered our wood and made our camp hres, and let us ride in their wagons; they found time to do a little sparking, also, and many a noble son and daughter can say, "Aly mother v was a hand-car- t girl." Three miles this side of Green River, as I was walking ahead fcf the the carts, leading my little brother, encouraging him along with a story of what we would get when we came to the valley; he said: "Oh, Betsy, Iwish when we get to that creek we would meet Bob." uVeil,come along, may be we will;" and when we got to the top of the bank, we looked down and sa,w a team with only one yoke of cattle ! 5n; we had never seen the like before, so we1 waited on the top until they would pass, and it' was our brother; he stared at us, and when he ha!loec we knew his voiced He jumped off and brought Alary Jane and Euphemia in his arms; they had come up with the cart while little Alex and I waited on the bank. How we wept for joy. 'The cart was tied behind the wagon; little Alex climbed in the wagpn,'as happy as a a. pcwr-tirchild. king's sonr instead ' The next question was, Where is mother and. Mary?" "They are behind somewhere, you,' will find them-bthe road." Mother wasjrttll sick, and when she stopped to rest, she had to lie down, she could not sit up; some had died that way; they would go . to sleep like a tired child and never wake up. Mary was afraid mother would, and tried to h rouse hpr by iug her there was a team coming with only one yoke of cattle on. f "Well, never mind; Mary, don't bother me." Well, mother, the man is this way; mother, it surely is Robert!" running "Oh, no, Mary, that .would be too good to be true." Well, she was soon convinced with tears and kisses; he helped her in the wagon; then she said, "I could not be more thaukful to'get into the" kingdom of heventan am to get " in this wagon." Then explanations followed. He told how 'he had been sick with the mountain fever; how he had got our letter saying we were coming, and as soon as he could walk, he prepared to come and meet usbe got cattle from one, wagon and cover from another, provisions from others. So we proved, ''God help3 those who help themselves. Thurber, July 24, 1888. e Moves the sun through cloudless heaven, Oh, may past, : " Rest safely on theTross at lastT' ' ' M, A. YOULTON GREEXHALGH. ' to-da- y, "J 9 ii lo - . he-ha- -- " , - of-bei- ng ed y , : : The will of a:Erecchadvocate contains bequest: "I give 100,000 francs to the local- madhouse I got this money )ut of those who passed their lives in litigation; in bequeathing it for the use of other lunatics I only make a restitution." the-followi- ng - - 