WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 50 Dhyaicians have mostly been similarly situated,I, . I have alike :seexiie"gteaLeldzftwaitinthemi and have been charming, intellectual women, i thirsting for more knowledge, and withto minds,not only ready for science, but eager graspevery opportumtjioiMt T. W.Higginson says: "Women-peculiar- ly need science; since their natural bent is sup posed to be a little the other way." Thi3 maybe, generally, speaking, true, but our third lady graduate in medicine is an exception; her naLuralnbent alwavslseemedQbe towards science Mattie Paul Hughesa bright; beau- tiful, attractive girl, whose society was eagerly sougni, on account oi ner inieneciuai quaimea, v her wit and her pleasant bearing. M133 Hughes was' naturally a leader among her friend, possessed of strong and good be-opinions and an independent nature. She " r ga n when q u i te a . child to ' earn her v own money, commencing early a( type setting, in which work she lapjdly became proficients The day taken up in work, gave her little time for study aod much less for pleasure, but, too ambitious to idle away an hour oftime, she spent. all. the spare moments in hard study. Miss Hughes took a course in chemistry at. the Deseret University, and studied obstetrics and medicine under Dr. Pratt, in the meantime depriving herself of many pleasures and fancies 'girls of her age so much enjoy, and saving her earningsorlurthering her advancement in medicine. A , , 1878:; Miss Hughes left her home and entered the Michigan University lac '' Ann Arbor, whereafter two years, she graduated as an M. D During her vacations at Ann Arbor; she practised her profession, thus earning means to attend the State University of Penn- 'sy lvania; and in two years graduated therefrom as a Bachelor of Science, the ouly woman in' the graduating class.1, She also graduated with ; honors " from the National School 6f Elocution.' and Oratory in Philadelphia, and spent much time in preparing her self for literary work and lecturing Miss Hughes for some time Very satisfactor ily held the position 6f3esident Physician at been held the JDesereJJlojpitaJiand in high regard among the meclical fmferhrtyr Her career has been onward and upward almost without a halt. Full of ambition, she found no obstacle, for her fearlessness and self mastery would not allow her to hesitate, and Her rapid progress has been mostly due toVher threat strength of character, which carried her, through every difficulty on to victory.; Miss Hughes TiOAvpsTderfromer the position of Lady .Instructress ' at the Salt! Lake Stake Academy, a position she is sure to fill with the utmost grace. ' Among the bravest of our women doctcrs,-thoswho have ought a battle all their lives against adverse circumstances, arid now in the glories of science finds restLand pleasure,1 must - 1 ; : i -- -- . . jln : . , ; ; e Dr Elvira S.Barney.vHer life ispfulUof- daring enduHng,suffertSg,help--- . ing, working chapters, that in this brief paper ; be-- mentioned -L - we dare scarcely glance back over the interest- ing pages, and as we v have before mentioned this' lady among the educators and missionaries, must here only relate some 'of. her medjcal ex-. 'periences. r Y was rather JatV lhat jhe' c'hose the profes-- ; siori of medicine, but in she very successful nevertheless, After some few years in chemistry and spent in also and medicine, pursuing a course of 7 chemistry in the Deseret University in this --- It i it has-been self-instructi- i,city31rszBarney:decidediogQJoJhelEa3tto . ) further promote her studies, and there entered first the University at Ann Arbor, arid subse-- ' ,quentlv other colleges, in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, returning home 'in 1 883, ready to : enter upon her practice. One of the most un-f- ? selfish and philanthropic acts of her life wasy V, when shortly after her return home, full of zeal for - M do shd fitted . her large house I - Avl- -f rL. t wno. rJ4, .r good,.7: 3 - vt. up utwucu an . x- extensive practice in the outer settlements, and who are preparing to take course in someeastern coliege.Among these'wewill men tion orily oneyMrsMary:. Vanschponhoven wno is aDoup;reaay 10 enper coiiege-iohhas been Very industrious in her stdiet arid has even' without a diploma, gained a large practice!" Her knowledge of medicines is very good, as she was for some ' time dispensary clerk in the Deseret Hospital. We have mentioned quite an - army. of, medical women, and still have, doubtlessrorriitVed some just as proficient, just as 8ucces8ful,but-'our-endeavhas been- - to and invited lady boarders, : under: her roof, where she shelter come to a 'twould give gratuitous preparatory . instruction women : for 'one year, hoping many-youn- g ' would take advantage of this opportunity, and r 7 thubegn &i life of usefulnessy ry- -' There have been many, other women who have taken delight in the. pursuit of medical science, arid one of he' most 'popular and G. Shipp. efficienlpracliti oners M Dr. Margaret Woman ;s -- ShfeiwentEasttoPhiladelphia to the jn j:bring fortltbosewom Medical College of Penn. in the fall of 1875. have spent the greater part of their lives Utah, Returning home during vacation, she remained here. j '.''; some time; then' returned, arid graduated in the ; They all i are leading? women" in "the com. spring of 1882pand has ever since enjoyed Urge munity, and stand high in the regard of the practice; has lectured in nearly evry settlement people. Their lives are devoted to a great in thi3 Territory; aIso tought Classes in obtet-r- i - and holy work. Where they enter none others 1 adies to act cs, having qualified nearly "for can; they behold that happiest' moment in as skillful nurseTnd competent obstetriciaris. woman's life, when' the agonizing pain is lost, Dr. Maggie 0. Shipp has.f u ..classical in the joy of, a.child just given; they enter the head and face, and possesses - verybr where the raging fever darkened of heart and mind, andf Ayithia claims the chamber, mind and aims to seize the body of sincere love for- - her- chosen profession,. must and fifey contend and fight this She is rneces jarilvkmeetithiereat'tifices "dreadful foe, and by their skill see a mind resocially a charming lady, deep. re,ligiou3 ,coh- n stored, a body saved; they are found when victions and a very magnetic nature, orie accidents befall orie.replacing the disjointed, her naturally feels drawn towards her, andconfibroken bones, and giving such happiness to patients almost feel for her the love and' the afflicted, as only one can give who restores i dence that a child,holds in its mother or mends the body. . Their work is noble and of dependence, unhappy sublime, and must for these very reasons give Necessity, positions sometimes such and urge childthem happiness and pleasure. Success and homes; things, arid livlihobd ren forth in the world to .seek.a glory attend you women doctors. those that seldom occurs it independence,-buIn other of the higher professions the women raised in the lap of luxury, with .willing and of Utah have little representation In law loving parents aiid .friends always ready- to there is, I believe, only one who ever was adshower the pleasures' and accomplishments, mitted to the; barMiss Georgie Snow and that only wealth can buy, upon .(Jiem, jush she never practiced very extensively, spending forth from the luxuriou home, to battle and of time aiding her father in his work her most r struggle with a difficult science, yet, Utah -- bimself a lawyer. In Art and Music there boasts at least three such rash (?) maidens; and are :scores of young wonlfen1 among us, who now counts them among the medical.fraternity " have shown great ability and talent, but they ' successful -- in their professious as they are confine their work mostly; to the ornamenting ,n beautiful and charming in their, appearance own -- homes . and the entertainment of Miss Emma Atkin,the Misses Belle and Justina their friends, and as yet none of them have ' Anderson. former began s; her medical ;The. chosen the work which so delights them, as a studies under Dr, Pratt, and graduated from . ' profession, , Utah boasts of her fair fields, KeTbeau tiful home she has tound. a large practice m u uaD gardens, her magnificent scenery, her generous County, feeling that Salt Lake was crowded climate, her brave men and her many and with physicians and she icould be" of more use in an outer settfement; but ier, practice is not bright children; let her boast of her women, too, for have w e not here made a fair compariconfined to the one county;. so: proficient" has she proven to be in her, profession, that she is son of woman's work in Utah with womao's sent for from distant settlements. Strange, in- - work so praised at the National Councilwhich is yet .ringing through the land? j Caa any one deed , does itseem to seeAiadysa-young-tmvXis in woman's workf l ing hither and thither in all sorts of weather sister State seems to bethe aim among the people of It and all sorts of conveyances, with hercases of instrument? and medicine, striving to aid and Utah to advance womankind beyond tne ordinrelieve the suffering. So youthful, with her ary paths, and cause her to become more indemore progressive. frank, happy smile and guileless waTys, did Miss pendent, more Addison Atkiu appear when' she began her medical says: child. she a "1 seemed, indeed, have often thought ' there' has not been career, that The Misses Anderson, daughters of a most sufficient pains taken in finding out proper emlearned physician , early began the study of ployment and diversions for the fair ones. Their aniusemerits'seeriilcontri ved for them, rather Latin under their TatheFsTristr u ctiori arid as they are. women than as they are reasonable sisted him some in his laboratory and hid chemical operations.' creatures, and, are more adapted to the sex They- - found the greatest than to the species. The toilet is their great delight in their father's study, and as children ' " htir at play learned more than many do at hard 6cene of business. . 'study. The older Miss Belle, soon after her more serious occupations are sewing and em- Arbor, began practice broidery, arii their greatest drudgery the pregraduating from 'Ann for herself nt home,- aud has not only built up Prauou oi jeiiies ana sweetmeats.-a practice of importarice,buthas greatly. assisted "This, I say, is the state of ordina women; .her father, whose health is very poor. Miss though I know there are multitudes pf those J ustina was one year at Wellesley College, . of a morpi lpvatprl lif nd f?nnvfrKfttion. that where she.Jot a literary course, of study, : move in an . exalted sphere of knowledge and after winch she attended the Michigan Univer-sity- , Yiti-uj"" tnaiijoinautn and emergedthrefrom a iIT to the ornaments and inspire a kind of dress, D. Her future bida fair to Ije .very bright,. of awe and resoect. as well as lave." ,and she is likely to become as successful and We claim the latter paragraph, Addison s as popular as her sister. of (" exception, to be the character of the. women There aremany lady graduates from the Utah. ... '.: ''.i'lr-;;;., classes of the Drs. Pratt and Shipp who have 'y Annie W. Cannon. e . -; , or- : r - . , rare-qualiti- es i - - its-vict- ; im; sud-de- t - ! , . , ; . i of-th- eir --- , : : ; el out-riva- self-assistin-g, , ' , -- . : . , e full-fiedge- d , , , :1 -- it- 