Sister Zina. trials of. the Saints would be averted; and said rVm tinned bv siDcincr. Secretary called the many good things. It is printed on very good paper in clear type, 1 teacher and counselors 6 Coun. roll-2E. Howard wished all a happy new and contains" in all one hundred pages. "There presidents, or conierence Minutes is a dictionary of names of men and women year; thought we should all try and understand previous responded. the position we are now placed in. Hoped the with the meaning and derivation of the same, wprfl read and accepted. almade brief S. sisters E. remarks; would Coun. Taylor which will be useful for reference. The price the pray for the members death of recent to the the; from that of the book. is 50 cts; for sale at tho Juvenile Legislature, luding feelingly they might have wisdom Sister Eliza Relief Society, President of the above, ami pray fothe;head3oLthis .nation nslructor Office, where iLwas printed.l for an and of assembled in outpouring praying Sister Spencer lias arranged the contents .R. 8 Smith," Congress, that their hearts be " softened. 'God in moves a mysterious way the Holy bpint. nicely, and there are some, very, excellent First Ward represented by Pres." M. Steele; His wonders to perform.' Let us renew our "thoughts and truths, clothed in" purity, simSecond Ward, Coun. S- McGregor; Third diligence, and whatever transpires let us be plicity and sweetness Some of the 'subjects Pres. Ann F. Coun. nth faithful." Gave good counsel to themothers, t Smith; Ward, she has chosen are quite pathetic, VvTdl.written Ward, ' "Rriralev: Sixth Ward, Pres. S. Jbiilmer; Seventh aud urged union and love towards one another. and also true; for instance; "The Lost Child," M. A. Lambert; Eighth Ward, Ward,-Pres- . Sister M. A. Freeze, in jier remarks said the. and others. The poems which seemed to' lis PrMTErFIetcher;" iNinth Ward, rres. S. Ciroo; 'greatest gift God can bestow is for us to underM. McMaster, Twelfth stand the whisperings of the still small voice; "Eleventh Ward, Pres. most musical were, "The Rose of Deseret" and Thirteenth Pres. J. Druce; Ward, Coun; thought we erred many, times in not obeying "Wild wood Flowers." Ward, M. W. Coun. Fourteenth this voice.. "This is a day when we should ' Ward, A. We have not space to mention more, but can Wells; Jj. know how to live our religion;" said many Wilcox: Fifteenth Ward, Coun. R. Jones. safely recommend the work to the sisters, aud to in the suitable other interesting things. Remarks occasioned ap uust inv.y win jju'euaw suuu uuoks as ure cr. bmith, were made or hi. K. Sister E. testified bister Wells to the truth of written by the women of Zion, in preference to B., preciation Sister, Freeze's remarks; urged the sisters to the floating trash, undeserving' the name of bv Sisters Zina D. H. Young, Presendia L. Kimball and Minerva W. Snow. Thesesisters .seek for an increase of .faith, even jnighty. faith,, litegp lure, that very often has only its "being to r that our sick miizht be healed: thought we cheap" as its recommendation. also urged the necessity of union and confidence should he cautious-anwise in all thiiu's. in each other, and exhorted all to earnestly en "Goodholmes Domestic Cyclopedia of Prac- deavor to. live near the Lord and be guided by Spoke of having traveled among the sisters in other stakes, and found them diligent and - i tufj Liu lujjjxaiiy ii , j,u uiLriiiuu , Hig Spirit. Conference adjourned with singing time in our possession, and we have found it and benediction. faithful; had recently visited Sanpete Couoty, and had enjoyed it very much. Spoke of the very useful for ref'erencv It is really a family Afternoon session: Opened as usual, and the testimonies she had heard there from the book, and deserves a place in every household Seventeenth Ward report was given by Pres. if;- ii he work is alnhabeticallv arraned'and young sisters; referred to t he M auti Temple, its a 0 B. W Smith; Sixteenth Ward, Secretary Sarah beauty and grandeur, and the work to be done so simple in. manner of giving headings, etc., Cumberland; Eighteenth Ward, Sister M. W. for the living and the dead; - believed our that one cannot fail to find without delay the Snow; Nineteenth Ward, Pres. Rachel Whipple; desired information. There are recipes for Father in Heaven was rich, and would-noTwentieth Ward, by a sister who had been re only reward His faithful children liberally, but cooking sufficient for any housekeeper; also for quested hy the President to report; Sugar preserving, making wines from fruits, vinegar, give them. good gifts. House Ward, Pres. S. B. (iibson; iiig Cotton Coun. S. M. Kimball had been much interpickles of very many kinds, and bills of tare wood, Pres. E. Stevenson; Union, by the lrea- ested in the remarks upon the cultivation of for dinner-partielunches, teas aud various ensurer, M. Brady; Draper, Pres. C. Smith; the Holy Ghost, and it is one of the highest tertainments. There are articles on bathiug, Granite, Pres. Ruth Despain; Mountain Dell, faculties to learn to commune with the Holy drainage, exercise, house ventilation; diet for Pres. Dixon; Sandy, bv one or the Counselors; Ghost; also said if we transgress alaw of our invalids, warming water and other hygienic 'West Jordan, Sister Cutler; North Jordan, Sis being, wea are doing wrong. We should reflect subjects, whichwould be very useful in the ter Webster; Granger, Pres. M. E. Porter; home; and also upon the care of infants and upon these things, etc. Brighton, Pres. M. A. Hazon. children, the sick room, nursing and wet nurs- Coun. B. W. Smith, believed our prayers - After these verbal reports had been given, T other, diseases. Snecial emer-- " would-be beanVndhatr-srjnTethiiTg-wouhvery eiceneui. iusu uuwuua ncic yivcu auu testi in cases accidents and things of that of gencies monies were borne by. Sisters R. R. Grant, B. come along to produce a change in our tavor. kind are ably treated upon,; The list of ingfe-- j W. Smith, H. M. Whitney, R. B. Pratt, M. D., "God will look after His people. The chains dients needed I'has been prefixed to eacli recipe. " that will bind Satan will be our own good acts, Mary S. Clark of b armington, and also bisters -- to save the -- necessity of readino- all th dirpv- our becoming pure aud holy before God." b. M. Kimball and L. Howard. I heir teach tions before knowing if tWS- ingredients aro Norman said, "The grift" Sister the of Holv the -of embraced a .: l : i .. Jr a i subjects; among ings variety anu 10 lessen" me u anger or overvviLiiin reacu, Ghost and to our things "brings past present most important were remarks upon obedience, minds, biet wisdom and understanding, then looking any in getting them together." Many the word of wisdom and the training of the of the illustrations are original, others collected we can drink of the bitter cuf." Prayed young people-i- n the ways of the Lord. the jaws of from yaiuous sources. The principal approread a letter from that God would Pres. Angus priation has been made by arrangement with those who are trying to make laws against this Pres. Woodruff, in which some Instructions were English publishers from the great cook-boopeople, etc. ordinances and cere given concerning-certaioLMl-- s Actom r Sister M ary G rey.. bore a fai thful testi raony monies for the sickrand he also made instruc- After a careful examipation of this cyclo- to the truth; also Sister Leaker and Sister v. S. Jiyjej:emarks.j 1 perf ra, we feel j u sti fi ecCtlOeco mm en dinlr it to Bister Zina spoke of the words of the Prophet Mary Silver and Sister Brown . and think it jthe best work 'of the Couu. S. M. Kimball made some brief re- - the public, Joseph concerning, the afflicted and the sick, kind that we have ever seen. It contains 600 and lelt wisdom and the Spirit ot (jrod were marks, and burst forth in the gift of tongues, pages of printed matter, and 25 ruled pages, which seemed to thrill the congregation. In necessary, that there might be joy and satisfacblank, for written recipes. The index covens tion in these labors. terpretation given by. "Sister Zina." Sister over. 20 pages. The book is well bound, naner ' 7 Coun. E. S. Taylor made some appropriate Dyer alsa bore a strong testimony to the truth, an excellent oualitv. For sale at James Dwvpr'a and spoke in closing remarks; felt satisfied with the confer-encbook store. Adjourned for three months, with sing-- x Sister May, recently from Scotland, said a few ing, and the benediction was pronounced by words, aud the spirit of tongues resting upon Sister Presendia ,L. Kimball. her, she spoke with much power. Tho inter OUR BONDAGE. pretation was given,. Coun. Z. D. Young made a few closing re BY FRANCES E. WILLARD. marks, and the meeting was adjourned for two MEETING. weeks. Singing. Benediction was pronounced; I wonder how many women go back in bv Coun. B. W. Smith. ' Synopsis of minutes of the sisters' meeting, thought, as I do at this weary hour, to the held in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, Jan. Jane Smellie, Sec. time when they first lost their liberty? I ought 14, 1888, Coun. Zina D. H. Young presiding. to be thankful, doubtless, for mine lasted longer Opened by singing. Prayer by Sister E. B. than that of most. During sixteen blessed Well?. Continued by singing. Minutes of BOOK NOTICES. years I. had feet uucramped, limbs unfettered, Minutes and previous meeting read accepted, trunk unbandaged, hair untwisted, and, largely of the Primary Association e 20th Ward "The Rose of Deseret" i3 the significent as a consequence, spirit blithe as a singing sky-larwere read by the title of a neat little volume of poetry.and prose Secretary. in the and in much Living country, Opening remarks were made by Coun. issued recently by Sister Ernily B. Spencer, of isolation, my dear mother permitted to her Young, who was very happy to be with the sisSt. George. She is not unknown to the public the almost daughters unexampled blisa of freeters there again. Spoke believed faith; a this a3 second book. her The being f writer, dom in both body and mind. There was no upon that through the power of God some, of the firit one Mas hill-to- o ahout six In published yean ago. high to' climh, and no tree for that' singing prayer was offered ..by"1 0 .f . - ' .. . d uas-JUtsitfiiJ- inC'. i t s, . insi-fevers-a- nd -- - 4- : i. a - 1 ?! -- o put-hooks-int- M.-Canno- k n " e. tongues-Interpretation-giv- ' errr . SEMI-MONTHL- Y t -T- ---' of-th- k. 