WOMAN'S EXPONENT. .. 4. i 100 .. .... . - 7- WOM AN'S well calculated to stimulate the youth of Zion to earnest endeavors in the right direction, and to JiXPONENT.. onward to success indiflficult undertakings, and arm them with courage, to cope with trials, nr.. I .t. J: n' i . In Salt Lake Published auvcrsiry anu opposition, wun mat unmncning onecopy one year, ri.00; one copy , ix months, 1.00. Tenj5011"011 that ls n itself a power and Strength. copies for tbo price of nine, One of the .chapters opens thus: 'reaching Advertising rates: :' Each square, ten lines, of '.'nonpareil the Gospel and converting ssinn Unto Christ, A. liberal discount ipa'oe, one time, f 20; per month, S3L00. never yet depended for "success upon man's learnto regular advertisers. ;. Exponent office, No. 25 E., South Temple 8treet,setond ing or the music of. oratory. The. unlettered fih-- c EMMELhE.B. WELLS, Editor,. w Citr.-mnh- fcoml-montLl- -- -- " - gate east of Deseret Newa Office. Busmen bours from la a.ui to 5 p.m. erery day, except Sunday. - Address all Lusiness communication to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, . rman -- of - Gali lee, proclai mi ng-- in -- sim t ''Orist CrudrlerJrwere.far more powerful InT winning souls ' from error's ways and melting the hearts of the multitude, than would all the orators have been. The HeTodst Ciceros, or Demosthenes off udea, Greece and Rome." This pie-wor- ds . Lake Citv.' Utah. fjAlT family must certainly be proud of so iilustriousa husband and father, and it is very commendable in them to have undertaken' the3 publication of his" life; The ability of the author as a writer was wry well established before he undertook this work, but he has succeeded in making his book more highly interesting than even his admiring' fiiends anticipated. The book will live, for truth never perisheth. The character of the man has in no instance, so far as we are' capable o'( judg, ' ing, been overdrawn. It is not a 'eulogy, but a remarKaDie man wortny-t- o De enrecord graven oi-tn- is in-th- e hearts of his posterity, - . SANTA CRUZ AND THE BIG THEE5. After visiting: Monterey, the next place of irq. ' that is likely to attract visitors, is Santa L " Second Gait Matter. , . mustle somethings genuine in the soul of Sat portance Cruz, a very old Spanish tpw;nramb1ing and nan-wlio caa. without education, withouUearning picturesque, and one might almost fancy itvas an December ii88S. carry convictiou to the hearts of hts hearers. Salt Lake City, an cient city iiTthe old world, so foreign aq d un His subject ..may be an exalted one but unless he American does everything appear.- In the sum" is capable ofentennginto it wijh his whole soul, mer time it isa favorite pleasure and bathing LIF OF HEBER C. KIMBALL. his efforts to convince others -- will be fruitless. resort, and as it has miles upon miles of sea beacbf Heber C. Kimball possessed this genuineness in where caniages may drive in full view of the The life of this great Apostle, Heber C. Kima very great degree. He felt intensely whatever ocean, it is not strange that pleasure-seeker- s ball,7 written by his grandson, Bishop 0. F. he said and whatever he preached, consequently should flock thither in the season thereof. . When Whitney, has been completed and is now before he made others feel. II isjbiographer has deeply we visited it, however, it was not under such the public. It is a book of which all the Latter-da- y felt the of his subject and has written grandeur favorable circumstances; the weather was chilly Saints may justly be proud. It is as original with a force and vigor of expression, that slamps and damp, and the leaden November sky was not in style as the man whose life it portrays was in itself perceptibly on every page. The reader calculated to beautify the quaint old place, that character and expression. 'Bro.- Kimball had a will be in with the writer and the work, sympathy might have looked charming in the golden sun-- r style of his own that no one else could imitate will grow more and more interesting as he reads shine of October. However,'we macle the most 'without making himself ridiculous, because in on and on.not so much, it may be, for the history time afterb of the man, or the general historical xnaracter'of oflthe had left the Del Monte without anything to eat; "put on," while in Bro. Heber, as he was familthe work, but for that inexpressible --quality in look a carriage and drove through the town, and : iarly called in "early days, there "was no effort or and in writing tbat .touches a sympaspeaking affectation of manner or appearance. He was a thence to the beach, which-wa- s by far the most lifts in the chord him thetic and into a individual, -- man of interesting. The waves were billowy, and the commanding figure and a magnificent realm of thought where truth sparkles higher ocean wildbut it was more grand than in a calm, presence. He possessed in a large degree the with a new and all tbaU& false fades into lustre, and the effect upon the imagination was Indescriboi a leauer wnicn were 'erapnaucaiiy quauues we would not for a moment But rsr- : . .,( t . insignificance. .' .'' able. All that the poets have ever written, all the maniiei on many occasions. in times ot Gane book as a history; the history the r bards have ever sung, all the eloquence of human ger he was fearless as a lion, and, as his bio- - siof a man manar a great -ptoneerrand grapner .says, proDaoiy a uraver man never man of advanced language fails a in thought prophet very lived." His enemies knew it and resnected him when one comes into harmony with the voices of ; ; deed as many dally testify. - :-,r for hisgehuine courage quite as much as his many waters. But one cannot linger long even by life and The character of Vilate Kimball also the seashore, if the time is limited, and ours was", friendsTr an form The book posesses all the fascination of a important part of the :( book. Her life for we must do a certain amount of sight seeing was basely interwoven with that bjher husband, insrtiratmnal - nndnn rnnnnt frl'tnrp thrntfcrliU examined the wares, Store," where we alighted and ' :author 'must call forth curiosities of various kinds from the sea, an endwithout an intense sympathy with the happily portrayed by the of the all into whose hands the book writer in his subject. He certainly had a lofty admiration etc. One less variety sf shells, corals, will' fall. Together: hand in hand indissolubly theme, and he has handled it. grandly and grace might linger there for days, and marvel at the ashusl?and-anbound :: fully. .iMy-'ywifep they laid.the foundaJ: ; tion author:-"Ta of great patriarchal jfarhily ; for the man is The book is dedicated thus, by the only made a very few purchases and withdrew. the memory of my Grandfather and to the not without thworaan in the Lord, and Heber C. We had a fine view of the sea for many miles, in Kimball, great as he was, could not have attained great Cause of Truth,for which he lived and died; fact until we reached the woods, and woods, in' to the honors he did had he not been associated and to all who love that Memoiy- and that Cause." deed, it was a forest of pines. "The road for tinfir?ri4 Till vrklnmft nntiino' ('t with a woman like Vilate; she was a part of his life, . inr (niinH ... some distance skirted 'a steep hill, where the tops was as he sixty-eighe in leaned besides her ajad an almost upon strong chapters pages appendix. lorthe talLlrefis: from 4be ravine below were almost asmucb asshedidur There is rather ajengtliyiiprefce--g- m even with the road, and we were just as it were on -a hiin for refuge throughout bis eventful life, and "general explanations, and (he first chapter opens the edge of a bank, where, if we made any false no made it doubt ? him more humble and childlike the subject with, contents ; "A move in driving, we would have been precipitated Glimpse God's Noble and Great Ones Heber in his nature, this devotion to the wife of his . , hundreds of feet below. is this All C. Kimball a gracefully told by the author Opening of youth. As we proceeded the country became more even but.in life the unwritten is by farthe greater and the. trees were so tall we seemed to look the Last Dispensation Hebers Birth and Paren every up L part.y"Tate Kimball tage Early Incidems in Vain to discern their tpwering.rheighttrt mate! friends" knew it; never could bewritten, it Js Sunshitfe after winding round andTound these giants Each chapter is similarly summed up, So that it above the 'peq of the most accomplished or in- ofyhe forest, we reached what is knowruas the is easy tojnd anyparticular time, or event br re-- Genious writer; but it is not our intention to tell and there we halted. r . the people, but to review the I ;uBig Trees," ference to the' tabie of contents, thus renderin'r it what we know about . . After making some inquiries . about ,V the train .we "a , , , compairatively easy to review the work;" The author spared;. riopai ns to- make 'his ..wortc" when read needs no other endorsement. There acceptaDrel(Tenco . I . - u (hrt u uu inlinn uiaInir perceptiblechoice cf lh e bes twords in the Engltsh a ica m to ' is iinn.J.l. tiucmsji cm ie.So.s j with trees have beeri" nam ed for the great Generals la . L. 1 TV humor duu uhc wno language,heliv' ;tb make Uie book a literary abounding Kuew,i)ro. the army ;' one of the very largest ii called Getf. success Heber can almost see in fancy the twinkle of his Sherman, another Gen. Grantx and soonVtwo or SteeFengravings ofHeber; C. Kimball 7md piercing black eye, arid the merry laugh that three of them had been hollowed out by burfiing, Vilate Kimball, Joseph and Hyrum Smifh, and was sb contagious whenever indulged in, someand were like a room inside- - "Hundreds ofjeards ' Brigham Ydung embellish the work. 1 is printed times to his great annoyance. i of people from all parts b'thew:orId(Jwcrc 'pinnjfd in large clear type on" a fin of paper and The of the British. Mission forms one up inside these hollow trees. The height seemed quality founding Is' handsomely bound in ' leather It will be "a of the grand epochs in the,: Churchy and is a tosVreiiiy-TOoresur than the circumler yaluabjeaquisitia lemarkable proof of. Bro. Heber's leadership, and ence. We waniered around tiuough thls grove It cannot fail but interest all who rend it, and 'is also of his. having been called of God. His of our not thoughts occupied only With blgpins, - - i - - ' a .. w ... Jj s-r- x. . "is indeed a -- . grand truth beaulliullyloldrbirrihere -j- - " -- . ft " :. - under-estimat- of-Go- da . - : -- - , sea-wee- d, ; . ht Prc-exista-nt . : ofIis -- At-leng- I , . k IP 1 mm - L " j. -- nesia ' '. -- th, 