98 in dircdistress. We may read w these signs that arc left ys, how this undaunted people erected fortifications for the protection - families as they retreated, contending every was inch of ground, until the last battle-fiel- d ; reached;" There are not ' many evidences left in the Territory of Utah of this high, ancient civil ization, out that the Aztecs, who were a, dark race, came from the North and passed through Utah' and Arizona there i3 no doubt. Throughof-th- eir to-da- - - rcities and extensive canals stretching out for is at present miles and 'mites. 'At Mesa,-ther- e a larjfe ancient canal, constructed hundreds of years ago, a great portion of which is even cow 'used by our people in the irrigation of 'their lands. There is no doubt that the whole v8aK River country at one time contained a large 'and wealthy population. In j the Bio Casa Grande, Ju Chihuahua; '"more 'extendi Jt'raceiof a most;8orely4istjedr;; . sub-ieistanc- er i 1 u ks ; - rs ""days-withou- r-- , where they had their altarsjraisedstretched him on this altar with bared: back and. chest, strike Ihe knife tptosreas'-'.'teaout the yet hearC then thrust 'sticks into the palpitating wound and them rub together to cause gaping fire. This race , was the people that believed that at the close of such sacrifice the smiles of their God would rest upon them for another cycle of fifty; years; it was not the people that built the pyramids, the' temples and the highways; and that brought up the cultivation of r ns , ) r. V laid buried forages. This was : noi the" pebple: that;;believcd in human sacrifices.; .Tt was the people that cam after them who would at the end of a cycle of Mty years turn but at midnight, find a willing .These caves as a rule terminate at the end of a 'small valley while on either side rise perpendicular" walls of stone hundreds of feet in ineight Think of the distress of that people ! rTheir caves were solidly walled up in front with but a small, opening, ; just large enough for the passage, of a human being, and the portholes through which they shotibeir arrows or other missiles. The opening of these caves commanded a full; view of the valley on either tide and had flanked fortifications where the men ' fought on the outside while their wives and children received protection from within'. When forced 4o retreat the small opening was w&lledup while they rlivedron-theprovisio- They had large tanks in these caves, those which were elevated proba bly .being used for the provisions, while those in the bottom of the caves were tised for water. Oneiof these large-tantalielnlaHsHere-yewhich held their corn; can find the cobs. the broke&lmills on which their corn was ground.; By excavating a few feet, removing the debris which has accumulated during- cen you may pull out strings of ocean beads which, crumble in your hands and vanish leav-- 1 have icg yon but the string. How many-yeaand these were since threads these mped spun hot me is to for jsds strung say. vBut this much is certain, those who built, and toiled,and labored in these days were a white race. When we employed a surveyor to lay out a canal near the spot where a number of our people t had taken refuge, - he tried ior several puccc3 and finally located it in the channel of an old canal. Surrounding, this . "o ou y they had stored up. TK . l 11 -esE!-dTheiucauwiui wujjpci iiccuica. UUiJiJer bells and a thousand works of art which have a prophei and a revelator may arise among the Latter-daSaints who in the Lord's own time may read them and make them Jcnown to : semi-barbarou- s, JhAgrpundltQ Could we bnt have the writings of this people T Could we but have the cords nf hnnh .and records turned By the ;Calholic"prIe8t8,Eow much we would know of this peopl, if those writingi.were interpreted. But they believed it necessary to wipe out all traces of ancient tradition and all evidences upon which Tested tne Taitn . ot tne Indians, in order teadthem to the belief of another God. Yet when these -- jyrkstsrwith !Why we have heard these .thicg3 before; we have them in our holy book. "Where is this book The priests would askr h Indian would say, ?It is buried in the earth, ' I -yours is but a crpy of ours." This book, according to tradition teach that atone time a white being dwelt in their midst who taught them to open their raineii r 11 -- , - -- - . a-st- dis- - tressed; mifimn . ponT-the- m . injincient characters, inscriptions -- ?- would-hecom- people - are ::yiiiblc.f thcsunTd rays could shed their warmth, , where where a jingle "yard of land, protected . and - from the Pacific showers, could be used for cultivation,, human hands" constructed stone walls to ; hold iu position enough soil from which to raise a little food for a'scanty In the gorges below, villages, ham lets and tcnls'w'crc found; on the, peaks above, the signal stations, or the grave of the poor jehtiriel. who died at his post. In the valleys ,wcre the larger towns, but wherever a human foot could find a resting facc the ground has been utilized. be ?f On j either side of the Bio Verde can found numerous caves containing many, rooms cff ancient construction.. They also arc built ;as; true to the line and plumb, and a3 well, yes, better, plastered than our houses, for they are ; plastered ' with, cement. I counted seventeen Irooms.m one of these caves. On the walls are .. o -- -- .that would tell a wonderful story of a y , out the latter territory thero are ruins of Tast writings and cultivate the ground. He Jell them, but promised that he would return 'and rnle over them as king. It was this tradition that filial Montezuma with fear and superstition lest the prophecy was about to be fulfilled, and which enabled Cortezand his five hundred, men to do the work they did. Montezuma had himself countries! surroondinf liubjugated thirty-twMexico lie and his lojjowers were as couraj He had "millions of 7peopfe eou3 as' lions. ready to do his bidding. How'tould soVew white men enter into the heart of ; such a counIt was the fear J which try and conquer it this t radi t ion had b rou gh t u that caused Montezuma and his peopleto waste away before the' Spaniards. The people had slain the prophets andthrrey ela tors and must receive inturnJhat wbichtheyhaoTJdealt out. Yet this is a bright people. 1 saw. in the City of Mexico an Indian studying French, German and English at the same time, besides teaching a school Vfour hours a day.; And yet by his side was a3 bright an American youth as is commonly found, struggling hard to mas- tet.one language alone. The Mexican orator, whose name has become Jamous,:wa3 possessed of such an eloquence in picturing the victory of the Bepublic in tha war of the. Be volution that the Secretary of State' fell upon his neck and surrendered the homage due to this man. ' And 'ct he was a pure Aztec. ' Mexico is a progressive nation." "We call her but I look to see the time when the Mexican people will be as bright and intelligent as they, now are kind, affectionate, and hospitable! TheMexican people Mist not be judged by the elements, on the border, for there, as is generally the case, congregate tho 4 scum of both nations." ' Following the remarks , quoted, Apostle Thatcher reviewed briefly the history of this people from the time the Angel Moroni guided Joseph Smith to the hill Curnofah up to the testimony of thepresent, bearinz spot there was not a single foot of land , but what had been cultivated centuries before. I have touched briefly onthese matters to show how God can build lip a great nation The Book of and tear it' down Mormon plainly declares that Vokiugly government shall prosper uj)on thi3 fand. Phisis, the land of 'Joseph; I this is the fruitful boughf this is the land teen in vision and described as a land flowing with milk andhoney. - God intended this people to,be a free people, to be intelligent, to exercise' their own agency and-t- o delight in righteousness. It is a pleasure to read of the blessings decreed by God on all the people inhabiting North- and South America. But itis with deep sorrow that"! see this great nation, of which Columbus wasa forerunner, and towbom the JLamanites gave way as the dew. before the morning jurr, is becoming corrupt.' It is with great misgivings that I see the nation dwindling from the glorious principles of the law of Gad, whereas; if the e people would live righteously, it "the and remain inost powerful nation on earth. But if they will not heed Gods commands, -- but- practice all- - mannerof wickednessand corruption the nation will not stand. Look at Borne ! How she ground the nations how she ruled them" at her beck and call ! Yet .she fell a prey "at the feet of barbarians in a few years. ' This was because she lost her union, and her strength through her corruption, and still : this nation was the most powerful on earth when her sous were pure and devoted to their country. We now'haye before us," in brief, the history" of the people that lived upon this continent, not only in ' the Book of Mormon, but in all the ruins of their work; it cannot be disputed, and God knows, as we ought to know by these that an' intelligent people once lived 'evidences, ' here. The great highways and stupendous aqueducts found in Central America and built Dy mis peopie as iar surpass me engineering -- rone - of forgivo- humility, and to cultivate saidf-I know thatj; neS3 toward all men; te and God demands a fornivincr shirit.f !charitv. ' 0 . - 0 .j will cpme humility. I know that this : people off victorious. Live your- - .re1 v ligion;: be generous and pkirid. ?Let ; the teachers hunt up thofdestituteahd poor, no matter of- - what color or crecd.: Give, and it shall, return unto, you." ' . - Wednesday afternoon, Kbv. 21, a largely attended meeting of the Massachusets' Woman Suffrage Association was held in the Meionaon. Mrs. Ednah D. Cheney presided and in her opening address reviewed the good work done by women upon school boards. There ere, she said, more than one hundred women mem bers of the school boards throughout the State, and in no instance was there occasion for censure. Whenever women had 'been admitted to consultations regarding school; "matters, they had proven themselves worthy to advise. " The annual meeting of the Nebraska Suffrage Association will open at Omaha Dec .3, and continue through the following day. Addresses will be made by Elizabeth Cad v Stanton and Susan B. Anthony. ; Business meetings will be held morning and afternoonf of Deci j4, and in the evening the delegates will be invited to a reception jrbyTMrsClark; Woodman, in hon6r-- of Mr3. Stahtohland Miss1 Anthony Each ankiliary Society- may lend three delegates. The dues from auxiliary "societies are twenty-fiv- e cents per member. Any person .not., a member of an auxiliary societv mav become a member of the State Association, by payment - oi n!ty.c.nts...r.-::.grjLfu.,J5- . M. hih:h uolby, rrest ONi),See. 