WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 110 ...under the most trying circumstance; her charity, that' which like the love" of God, endureth and hopeth all things, and is iichly endowed with the .attribute of mercy.- - . ' -- -, R. , Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A'. REPORTS. ; . timpanooas. Dear Sister Wells: . ' V- - we-recei- This was more than ordinarily manifested in the Atra Traarterlycon fbrenceof "the Relief So life and character of her who was the mother of -Stake, held Sept. 3rd, 1886, it - the orotshet TbseDh Smith. She once remarked ciety was announced that a branch of. the Relief Soto the writer of this concerning a son' who had .would be organized in the Timpanogas beea indifferent at times to. her motherly advice; ciety Ward (situated on Provo bench). The name uIe has endeared himself to me by the trouble of Caroline Daniels was proposed as President he has made me." and this sentiment was a reflex of that branch, and accepted b the conference. of hertrnecharacter a sentiment worthy of the Sister DanietOtated th a t she ha"d"choseu S isler" Gods in Heaven, found in the heart of woman on "Joanna Patten as Jier First Counselor and -- earth.Worthyindeed, to' be the mother of pro .SarahL..Partridge as her Second Counselor, which was also accepted by the conference. phets, patriarchs ' and seers, is one whose love could not be turned into hate even by a disregard On Sept. 23rd, 1888, Bishop P. M. Wentz of parental authority. How faithfully was reprecalled a meeting of the sisters of the Timpano-ga- s sentea-D- y tier tne cnrracter ot our Heavenly Ward, for tho perfecting of the organization of the Society Prest. David John, of the Father, who, when His children on earth refused . .i ..iA..!iir ...!il.H Stake Presidency, and Sister Mary John, Stake i. ..!.A"irtn ' His love, did not cast them off, but placed a sacri-- i rrest. or the Keiiet bociety ot U tah btake, were present. The names of the officers chosen fices upon the altar,a divine pledge of His forgiving mercv that was ever readv and free to the return- - to fill the positions of President and Counselors were presented to the sisters and accepted. in character was ing prodigal. , So God-lik- e Prest. John explained to the sisters, that the woman, one who was virtually mother on 'earth officers chosen to preside over them had been of God's great and last dispensation to her race. presented to the Presidency of the Stake and And if is indeed well for the race of man, that approved by that quorum, next they had been others have followed most gloriously in the wake approved by a Stake conference of the'Relief of her example and shed forth those genial rays of Society. Hoped there would be union in their refining influence that now prompt a rising gen- approval of the "officers so chosen to preside eration'of sons and daughters in Israel to emulate over them. . the deeds and honor the virtues of woman and Sister Julia E. Loveless was chosen Secretary, ' An mftYfr rrt fnmnt and Loraine Meecham as Treasurer, which was ft hara in Tori! : : also approved. rto honor the mission that Jesus gave to woman in ; ; At a future conference oi vthe Relief-Socie-ty Jeronihfln- nf hr fidf1!fvtr htm and Ms rfrnsp. She was honored with the first commission given the officers were set apart to fill the offices as signed them, under the hands of Prest. A. 0. ;by the immortal Jesus, a commission which has ..never been revoked. It was woman who was, Smoot, David John and H. H. LlufJ. Our Society only numbers eighteen members; first authorized to announce the fact of a risen Our settlement is we have five teachers. Jesus ; it was woman who was first to seek him scattered over four miles of country,- making it and learn the fact that death had been overcome. Her eyes had seen, her ears had heard, and beinir inconvenient for the sisters to attend meetings a cvmpcicm wuuess, -- sne was- - commanded io ;viy .regularlyiMtseem can or are called upon to do. n cvcnio uis sleeping mainereni uccii icsuuiuuy . - Your sister and co worker. . . of-Ut- ah -- , . .. , - 'f it-A- tr " , - . : ! - willing-todoalfthe- - ' H?rirlc J ... UTAH. of mother to those committed to her care for training and instruction. This may well be" the "burden of the divine lesson' to be taught by every ffiMher in all the ranks of growing I sreal. A Christ crucified and 'put tojdeathja Savior "risen frbin the dead ; ' an immortal Jesus that would not were read-anapproved. Sister John felt grateful for the privilege of meeting with the sisters' In conference; thought we would have a time of rejoicing together; would first hear from some of the presidents a verbal report, and then the sisters who were visiting us woujd address the congregation. After the presidents had responded to' the call to report their various branches, Sister E. Said-1- . the sisters she felt pleased tomeet with the sisters in Provo Came there feeling well in again. spirit, and hoped to assist in dispelling the gloomy. feelings some of the speakers alluded tov which was . in consequence of the sickness that had'been in our midst for some time past; thought we should try to rise above our feelings, ana acKnowieuge me nanu oi tne Juora m all -suppose our President, Sister Zina Young, bat she. was called away, and Sister Richards Vhas come in" :Z.y thingsI S. W. '. Richards. . -- exercises. . Sister Cluff announced to the sisters that Bro. Graves would speak a few minutes on the silk question, after which we would again hear ' from our visiting sisters. ; t ; ; " . SiItersMarillaDanIe1r1sbke said she felt strengthened, and no doubt we all didrby the teachings we had received. "We can all judge ourselves, but we have no right to judge others; the Lord judges our hearts; His hand is over all; let us live near Him with burJrust in Him; great events are at hand;jve do not realize m we ought the workings of - A f- 1 . TTI - yullxpedoeet to Sister Zina in the Central organization. It is, 1 believe, the nrst time she has attended a conference of the Relief Society in Provo. We become acquainted through these Society meet-- , ingsand conferences. I am pleased to. know through the reports of the presidents of; the good work that 13' being "done for the poor. : - ViL WW i-- : w- - w- V J- ihrtronaIEnrollmetttrwhich htTsteadrbister-Richar- ds ' ' -- ' 1 y : . What heighth of lory, depth of love, Woman caa give her worth to prove ! l!!,: .WUh her, lheLmanVa 'God may And reSgnredeemed, Eternally. ;; ; le. preparing comings saTthat when he shall aooear he will find faith1 nn earth; I a living faith, as enduring as a mother's love; and as powerful as, i woman in wielding the affecttdnsj -- and tx?tnldinghe7rtneTf'inir race, into the image and glory of her God. y. al-mo- st jfca,-aaThi- to-da- to-da- . ' elkpoke-to ve Providence. Sister E. B. Wells felt glad to see so many out this afternoon. "If we have tjie good spirit , with us to soothe, comfort and bless, we are sure to find the same good spirit wherever we go." Regretted that we a3 a people had not made greater progress in the silk; "It was an idea of President Young's silk culture; it wa3 something that would benefit us in. time, but the expenses of manufacturing it were greater than we could buy the silk for, consequently many had given She up entirely and become discouraged." had often thought how nice it would be to have our temples lurnished with silk Hangings, eic of our own manufacture..- - Spoke feelingly on . . i nroof ' auu.1 vi i'Un. me iuc .msiiociauuiis, jrnmary to portance and blessing these meetings were, the children; thought that mothers in a great many instances were more indifferent and neg- -ligent than they, should be in sending their nbt did arid nVsilflrnti finriatinns. -" ' Vv V sJk tn " realize the necessity f spiritual teaching Snoke a short time on the National Woman'i Suffrage Association, and read sdine? papers to .bearing on that question, and in reference d thewayi-bf-ihi- s er - The quarterly conference of the Relief So-- , ciety of Utah Stake was held Dec' 1st, 1888, in the meeting, house, Provo City, Sister Mary John, with her Counselors, presiding. .Visitors from Salt Lake, Sisters Jane S. Richards and E. B. Wells. Conference opened with singing and prayer. The minutes of former conference In tbis: gldnous endeavor, let every mother be fore-runn- STAKE.-- . in the presence of many witnesses; returning, to his Father on the" glorious termination of his earjthly mission with a promise that he will come again in like manner as he went, are all truths that every mother should not fail to have instilled into every yduthfuT mind committed to her care and guidance. Let his life and virtues be 4he standard; for all other lives; and the lessons of JhisJifebe3aught at a time when they can never 'be lost to the memory '""of those tWfiomayrhaw" learned them. Then shall a generation arise that will love and live the life of Hirudin whom their faith has grown, and be prepared to meet him at his coming when he shall return from heaven "in like manner as he went to heaveu. a Daniels. C. In no capacity can woman bear thistestimony with effect, and more appropriately than in that : y .. . Apostle Mosea Thatcher said recently hewanted the teachers to hunt out the poor and lone and comfort all, 'no matter of what color or creed.' a blessing by conferring I think blessings upon others. We must learn to love "our neighbors as ourselves, if we expect to attain to any great excellence; we must also have charity. We want knowledge and intelligence; we want to inform ourselves on ali subjects." Made other remarks upof gaining wisdom and understanding, and helping others. Sister Richards said she felt weak in appear She came here by request ing befora U3 oi oister Ziina, dui not 10 mi oisier ma s place. "We all . have. .our. own, place; we. all came into the world for a purpose; we knew before we came here what we were coming for. 'We should acknowledge the hand' of the Lord in all things; when our children die we know they are saved; they cannot go astray, and if we are faithful we shall meet .with them again. This is the work of the Lord in which we are engaged. Our enemies cannot keep.us from " praying. Sister Eliza Snow likened this life to the kitchen; but when we leave this world, if we are faithful, we will take a higher position, and will have : our - reward. Let us teach our children purity and good principles, and, as Sister Eliza said, let us teach them a little, and set them good examples, etc. We should all attendour meetings; let U3 pray for those that have no desire to come to meeting. The Lord gives us our means, and let us be charitable with it, and help others, whether in or out of our Church." Sister Richards made other ' remarks upon the duties of the sisters. : 7 :After singing, conference adjourned- - till 2 p.m. Benediction by Coun. Emily Cluff. Afternoon session: Opened .with the usual 1 Alluded to the efforts of some women of influence, who wanted to reform "Mormon" women, and how much need there was of their home missionary work in the East and West instead of coming into these valleys, where such wickedness "and degradation did not thoroughly. exist. " ' -- - " 