WOMAN'S the' holy vessels taken trorn .xfcrael bylesecrating The events .of a single be Temple in Jerusalem, 'night at that time, however, so completely ch&iged of Israel, that that the condition of the children which a day before seemed an, utter impossiblity, now became comparatively easy, and the words of ihe Prophet were literallyfulfilled. Israel --did return to their own land. So, also, shall the words of the Lord be fulfilled in regard to the Latter-daIsrael. Zion shall be redeemed as the Prophets have told, and the Saints occupy this land of their y - inheritance.,;--..;--::.,- - i - , k l J cn , ',8 EXPONENT. ogues,; interspersed with "shor speeches frcm. would, "no doubt', with Sister Eliza meet with the brethren and sisters. "; TThey would say, 'Sisters, dd you hnre Coun., James Unsworth said, be faithful: dcrnot be disco uraired.': When wc can see much improvement in the' Primary einco my ' do the best we can wc feci approved here, ami last visit, which I am thankful for."- En will receive rewards herealter. mere is a couragedjhe children to attend their meetings, great work to be done till all are redeemed; for the time would come when they would be give up, but be faithful as long as you. live. called io fill responsible position?. - ' I feel to bless you iu themame-o- f the'Lord. : Stake Prest.' Jane E. Molen: "I am proud Amen." of the exercises this morning; they are all Emily G. CIufT wished q bear her testimony selections from. our own Church works, and so to the truth of this work. "Our time is up; well rendered. I can see a marked improvelet us keep the good Spirit with us." Asked in sending in their ment, and am pleased to see so many of the" ;tnVsister3a-bepxJnctu- ai God to be with us. mothers come to meeting; it shows they-ar- e reports. Closed by praying ""' -After singing and prayer, - conference ad;also interested in theirchildren." Asked the children to give them a vote of thanks. $ " journed for thres months. Sister. Pike, of Logan, was very pleased, to Caroline Daniels, Secretary. see so many boys come up to the front, and ; IZ BOX ELDKR STAKE. said, lLYou r exercises 1 ha ve -- been 'a cred i t to al 1 -'your Presidents, and your selections have been Sovery good." Related an incident of childhood. : The cpiarterly conference orthe Relief Said, "Wc should be' willing to lend a helping ciety :jof -- Box ; Elder istakc convened in the hand to the poor and needy; we should be Tabernacle, Brigham City, on the 1 1 th of. prayerful to God." Spoke ot the Fair in September, 1888, at 10 o'clock a.m., Prest. Logan; thought it was very good. Said it Harriet A,' Snow presiding. After singiug,, Would be a good idea for the presidents to "Come, let us anew," etc, prayer was offered visit each other's ward. Bro. Pike also made by Sister Harriet Hunsaker. Singing. Roll a Singing. Benediction by called. Minutes of previous conference read and accepted. Bro. O.raon Wilson. "I consider it our duty V Prest. H. A. Snow: Alice. Unsworth, Oor. Sec. to educate ourselves up to our privileges; it takes a little meau3 to carry on the work UTAH STAKE. properly; we need to be energetic. In order the to have confidence in each other, we must livo .,l Slinutes of the quarterly conference of " Relief Society of Utah Stake, which con up to ourduties, speak well of each other, and vened in the meeting house, Pro vo City, on not notice the faults of others too much, but Aug. 31st, 1888. Prest. Mary "John being- - -- watch ourselves, for we must" overcome our absent, Counselors Emily Q; Clufi and Manila -- failings, anuVhLfaithfnlJl Statistical and financial reports from fifteen M. Daniels presided. Conference opened by different branches were read by the Secretary, singing and prayer. Minutes of former conference were read and approved. Written Mary E. Snow. Prest. Dewey, of Dewey ville: "It gives me reports froni the diflferent .branches were also read; four branches failed to serid their reports. joy that I have a testimony for myself; I have Sister Marilla i Daniels wa3 pleased to meet a desire in my heart to be humble and faith-Ail.- " with us again; felt to pray that the Spirit of to-da- - "I y. ; . - do-no- . t ; " a.p. a. reports. 8.;.y.'l: 'm. i. rV N JUAN STAKE. Dear Sister Wells: Tho Hp ipf nowtv at an .man rtfnkfi held its conference at Mo.nticell, Aug. 27th, quarterly . n i leoo, commencing at n a.m., rresi. jane iu. I ft . A A number of the brethren Walton nresidincr. were present, including Prest. F. A. Hammond and Counselors, and the bishops ot the various After the usual preliminaries of sing- - ing and prayer, the minutes of'tho previous conference were read and approved. wards. -- - Prest. prayed that . M. Walton made a few remarks; wc might have the Spirit ot (jrod Jane in our meeting; encouraged the sisters to do what is right, and wished the young sisters to attend the Relief Society. r. Prest. Mary Roberts reported the Maneo3 Societv: said it was in a thriving condition. The teachers had done a good work among the "sisters. Felt like going forward and doing all - the good she could. Prayed the Lord to bless us ail. Prest. Jane M. Walton spoke of selecting a Stake Secretary, and Sister Sarah' Jane Roger- son was chosen, unanimously sustained, ana J he ?e apart j; by; j: Prest, F. A. Hammond. Tormer Secretary was honorabljrTeieasecrrhav-iQ- g 7 . 5 done a good worlcl Sister Jane Perkins bore a faithful testimony to the work of God. Exhorted the sisters to keep the word of wisdom. First Coun. to Prest. F. A Hammond endorsed what had been said biTthe previous speaker; gave some very valuable instruction; -- - : few-remarks- . ; Jwith might gether. Spoke'oFtrfe absence of Sister John on account, ot sickness, and of the duties devolving upon each member of the Society, more especially the teachers, what those duties the-Lor-d- were, etc. " . . ' ; ' of (he difficulties for mothers to come from a distance. Prest. Petersen, of Bear River City; "I feel thankful that I am able to be here." Sister a severe Petersen had recentJyw recovered frpm sickness. . r , A - ' Th6 presidents of the diflerent branches - Prest. Harriet Hunsaker, or Honey ville: "We need to bo instructed fro m , d ay Jjx day, through the : upon to give that we may not fall away." Spoke "of the verbal reports, and responded with lew excep to the gis'ters. The reports showed an increase of danger insleasure seeking. tions. TEe' officers of the Stake were presented Prest. Christina Jensen, ojf Mantua: "Wc faith and unity among the faithful few, which and sustained. ; must exert ourselves to. attend our meetings. are found in every branch. The forenoon-beinPrest. F. A. Hammond made pertinent reWe always receive encouragement and strength taken up with hearing reports, conference marks coneerningattending meeting. Said till 2 p.m. . by speaking one to anotht" adjourned not to let anything hinder us from. attending Prest. Hubbard, of Willard City: "I re2 Conference as met at conference p.m. to to per adjourn meeting; and when we came joice that I have been kept in the faith; I am ment. we. (jr. Cluil bister said would to Saints the Exhorted .mily stay till it was over. thankful for all the blessings we enjoy. It is a now hear from the southern part of the County, time when we should sustain ibose who were placed over them. be praverful. What a as we had heard from the northern part in the Prest. Jane M. Walton made a few blessing that we have a Father in heaven; advised the .officers to be in union moruiDg. The sisters gave good and encourag what a blessing to be a Saint, but I realize irom each bore and a all with each other and with their bishops. branch, reports ing how hard it is to be a Saint in ve;y fuL testimony to the truth of every day faith and M. strong President, Jane deed. How beautiful it is to be a Latter-JaWalton, " . work. thif araii Jane Rogerson, Secretary Saint; it is those who will receive the reward of, from ",i j Packard, Springville, being the faithful' Bishop, J ;iu the Society of of spoke praise " We can not present, II Y RUM TRTMARY. Olivia Coun. Widerborg: ' of the of Spoke Springville. organkatiQn afford to neglect-o- u r-- du ties" Spoke- - of seri The Primary Association of Hyrum lield Its iliiioHeihad TsiTfhTwbruof thePrtphet of hats. T culture and annual meeting Oct, 2nd, 1888, at 10. o'clock i Joseph verified Ju numerous instances, where believe in a practical religion." a.m. There were present on theBtand btake he said the poor should weep for joy at being Miss Fannie GraehJ read the account of the Prest.. Jane E. Molen, Acting Coun. Emma helped by the Relief Society. "There ia no Stake! Treasury. ISingirig. IZBeuediction ; byl one need want, if they will let their wants be Coun. Susannah P. Boothe. The teachers and are known. active 2nd Allen, 1st District, Prest. Pheuella Allen, diligent duties. m their Afternoon session: 3rd District, Prest. Maria Hanson, District, oni Stevens" the' Bishop ifalliday, of Sautauin, felt that the Coun. Adolph IadenThe Stake board pre ; Helief Society and Y. L. M I. A. Relief Society had done a great deal of good; sented by Mary E. Snow and sustained. Coun. Susannah Boothe: We are not all Meeting opened with singing. -- Prayer by they had, been a great help to him, and he felt Bro. C. F; Olsen. Singing,MIn our Jovely to thank them for it. The good that has tried in the same manner; some are tried in one Deseret." Minutes of the last annualrtneeting this done been Society will never be appreway, some in another."'- - S noke o f the hard- by -read and' accepted. Reports of the ;1 st, 2nd ciated on this side of the veil, but will be, shipa of tho pioneers. : and 3rd Districts were read anil a ccepted."LA ora memorated h ereiiftir. Yo VLihouldlbe PresLorndl Ward, Iaj:v EiSnaw: !'I ni with well tern as comfort often eii selected programme was rendered, vvhicl as to wonder if I s pre A a ATIy tlie greats ritual, pared .:..'. ; 1 .::,.Sz::::jr: (oiisisted of .songs, :es?ayv recitations and dia- - poral food. It SitoP'Smootl could do so, she. blessings I enjoy." - Couuty-werecall- ed- . ' - ; . 1 ' T - g , " closing-remarks- ; 1 f " y - " ; ' ' ; . I -- home-manufactur- e Singing.-.-'Prayer-b- y Sisterg-Johns- and-others- -- -- "of . . if , ; -- 