WOMAN'S- EXPONENT. - 10 ' confined to ".attd:their7farn'iHps,- ormpratai?; hereofr-who-a- Mady-nomimui-for- r or sick, but. like all other .'ciaritabl' societies- - here, bestow charity wher ever opportunity .offers. During the short life 01 tniS society, li nas avriu'i J'" nunu poor, iuu. ov mimimiy , aim uie in.ii ipui-- te.i the present year, 1833, has. given &lld.DU,sliow- . mg a large increase. For some year 3 pa 4 a few benovclent ladies j liave been trying to provide Salt Lake with an. Orpliau s.IIome, a med which is not yet greatly felt, but since the prj- cf nrTimking it also a day nursery, where working Women's Children are cared for and taught,; has been carrfed out, it has made mre progress, and the Legislature of 18S"8 made an appropriation for this purpose. U.nner the pnuaninropyier, us not forget to nnnfi .n Die Woman's Industrial Horned which at" present is, more of a blot on "indi"-ent- . maimed to the National Woman's Suffrage 'Associatioa to ask assistance;, and they did not ask in vain.; women associated with them, and offered to tire suitors and marine?, aidinff-'jjol'di'ers- ar and assurance that she shou hi nave , oeen sus tained if the statutes had. allowed. At this names b. same Convention three ladies JL-'IM. KimS. Home and B. Wells, ball were added to the PeopleVCentral ComT mittee. The work' of? this Convention was quite an advanced step for tjie women of the mi Territory,; These three women remained sinwith the Central Committee, and worked eerily up to the time '.of the disfranchisement In several iLhmihi'l(imrentions women havejield the offices "of vice. presidents ' and secretaries. During this year of seventy eight, when women were making such progress in political Tbesuhatsji for our rightsrnd . . - sui)-neiiiin- g, . a representa- tion at their Conventions. J. The women of Utah petitioned, the Terri- , , we always have torial Legislature of eighteen eighty, praying for the removal of their political disabilities, stating that ' for nine years they had enjoyed of suffrage, and had proven themselves worthy of the trust; they argued, that owing to the wowl male in the territorial statutes, they were prohibited from holding any official position, and prayed that some enactment might be passed to remove this obstacle, and allow them further rights..; This, prayer was .granted, by tbe assembly, a bill having been.pfessented and passed in accordance with their wishes, viz.: ''A bill removing the political (disabilities of the women of Utah." This bill passed the House with a large majority vote, and the Council unanimously, but was ignored r by the Governor, as was also a similarbill pre-- ; sented some two years before. Itis aT sad ' reflection on the Government,, which boasts' such uriparallelled freedom, that the contempt of a single man, who has neither property or lileTeirdf "aify vent the passage of an act which is in accordance with the wishes of the voters and the law- At the time makers - of the community. the 'legislature again convened, the in- amous Edmunds Bill was pending in Congress and as that was passed in March, 1882, all women who were the wives of polygamous men were disfranchised. The next effort onvthe part of the people for rights was to frame a State. Constitution and asking for present the same to Congress, and it was the ' intention to have a: "WoraWs SunragePlankin its platformr-Jir-there ere fou r representa- eigh teen eigh tive woren in Washington working" before committees for the admission of Utah, and or modification of the Echnunds v.as then causing such great suiter- Bill, which ihrr and trnnblfi nmoncr the neonle of this Terri- I O , - the-righ- t " . . -- greatly agitated, and active measures were taken by certain Dailies to arouse public senti ment against' its practice. A mass meeting ot .our Territory, if ;not on our country, than any some thing good. Sonic Indies persuaded Congress, uoh.Mormon women was 'held; and alter tpeech-makiuto nuiKe anipropnaTiT7Trif?rtn-.-ruiiug-i)in-ag c rtain resolutions were adopted and a circular home for Mormon women who" will renounce their religious principles. From its beginning stilt to Congress against polygamy, and speak this Home lias been nothi ng bur a larcejno ing in lavor of the disfranchisement , or the it. midf-women of Utah. Thu the first blow- against trim Vvnmm- iurinl1 refw? vp f'hl from it a present conditions ami regulations, and in. Woman's Rights in. Utah was struck bv women. behalf of the Mormon, women let me say, we It has often been remarked, that if it were not havclno mcd of such "a '"pjace: we do not want for women ' themselves, women might vote, and it, is, to a great extent, true. Atany it and we will not enter, it. If the appropria iudusused women's could to .be tion rate, the nouMorm6n women of Utah have promote tries in the Territory, as the name implies it shown Jittk inclination to vote, and have been should, it will' be. gladly received and aided. very earnest in their efforts against the rights is is do woman's her of Mormon women. It , "delight to good, it t "firmer her and the grate.-- pleasure, religious This Electing was followed """convictions are, the greater her good deeds women of Utah in the ot the by a Mass Meeting t As woman is more spiritual, so is Salt Lake .Theatre. There were present at Robert tells us was Hall it charitable; least two thousand women; such a gathering reserved for the religious whose basis is humilias is seldom seen in .an y piace. There were,. clemeii fo. whose and devotion, tis proclajnT ty perhaps, spine fifteen or twenty newspaper with authority, "Blessed are the merciful, for present, the only men admitted. There obtain shall .', mercy they were some eight or nine addresses by prominent women, and then resolutions were read and "WOMEN IN POLITICS. adopted, wherein the women declared them" 0 n t h e t wel ft l o f Fe brim ry, eigh teen ' h u selves loyal citizens, and claimed the right to a nd .seventy, the legislative assembly of defend themselves against the ru thless assau Its Ia ri I "Iia O . rw,re n omit Utah passed an act couferitig upon women being made upon their sacred and constitutional , the women had no heart to fight for political this act, having been ap- - rights. It 'was a brave and a great defense, franchise; ' rights; it seemed as though they scarcely had when two thousand womeirrose en masse and proved by the Governor, became a Jaw. Mrs. the right to live at all." In eighteen eighty-six- . Wells writes:-1- ! ne peculiar exigencies and declaredthemselvps de.ierminVd BilF became a ' s of Mormon life, have had a tendency and defend their rights. - Mass meetings of tEerearur"Edm law, and from that time all, tue womert havef"3 women were held all over the Territory endors and Mo. make .women and adopting the been disfranchised. and nave given tnenv lniiomitabienergy ana ing the sentiments It has been questioned some why' the women resolutions presented at this mass meeting. undaunted courage, and these characteristics Utah, not plural wives, do not make a stand ,' prepare them to use more 'discreetly any trust Not only were the" women of Utah themselves or confidence reposed in them." This is most aroused, but the. noble women of the suffrage and plead for "their former rights; and twould ipiations were ab'ke enraged, at the crusade seem if they were at all interested, in suffrage li ui) uiiu nd.) ivn i u rrj piT) irtt if y true maiiuH- which had beirun, and defended the women of that they would certainly do .so; their silence in which they exercised their privileges as free speaks against them. - If they would only try citizens; we say treef for no man .or woman is a Utah in the the halls of Congress. Lillie to regain: the ballot, they might. do good to free citizen who capnot have a voice at the vDevereaux Blake, when the. subject of disfranWe , scarcely others, as well as themselves. chisement first appeared, wrote a very cutting polls. For seventeen years the women of Utah need call is their it it their, dnty; your and fitting article against such a movement, right, voted regularly for territorial, county and city brothers and sisters are bound; they have no officers; also for delegate tQ Congress, Having showing, in her pointed satire, the absurdity of freedom.-Obtain your rights, free women of themselves the right of suffrage, the women of trying to prevent polygamy by taking the vote Utah,and do your duty to your country. Mrs. from the women. Utah have always ft It an '.interest in their sisThe next year Utah sent two delegates '. Stanton says, "I want women to feel that it i3 ters in other statist and have assisted as best dut-- to take part in government, they could, by petitions and other means, the. .Mrs E. B. Wells and Zh a V. Williams to their religious the most elevated sciences." all of the National Woman's Suffrage Convention at suffrage movement. The women were very eager to vote, but Washington, who were allowed, of speakOg in behalf' of the Mormon took no other political privileges much before Danske Dandrige is a woman whose verse when they attended the women. During an interview with President first sees the light in a slender volume, "Joy eighteen seventy-eigh- t, so was he caucusscs and primary meetings. Out of the Hayes If and Other Poemsf just issued impressed by their statements as to reouest theft to Jout.- flifir rne in five different precincts in Salt Lake City, three - j At her poems have before appeared in the maga- H lltJf of them sent wo men delegates to the County before him, as he did not wish to trust so im- . zines,.I have been unable to find them; but one Convention. At this Convention, the first that portant a matter .to a verbal interview. They of them, "To my comrade tree," bears every women hacl a voice in, Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells also prepared, while in Washington, a touching test a good poem must, endure before it is acalso" and telling memorial to Congress, asking for a cepted, as a nominated was chosen as .Secretary, and worthy addition to the reat stream fJI County Treasurer, but owing to the Statutes repeal oi the law of eighteen of English verse. It can be read alone and and for legislation to. protect the oLthe Territory, the nomination coiild not be sixty-two- , aloud in good company, it can be and, sustained bylhe Convent iun. Though the law women aniLchildrtn of Utah. This memorial more than all this, it enriches the chambered allowed women to vote, the legal objection to was referred to the'Judiciary Committee, beimagery of the mind and adds a new cement to women holding office was found in the compiled fore which these ladies had several hearings. life. It is not a poerp, nor one consumlaws of Utah, which read, l4Male citizens." When the women of this Territory were first mate in form; but great it is tender and true, touches The gentlemen of this Convention showed creat threatened with disfranchisenjeut they went to the heart and kindles its better feelings. Book "' liberality towards and pleasure in having the' the Nation's Capital to assert their rights, and News. :y . , . - i .... I . j i - g - r -- - , Anti-Polygam- y bc-com- eT she-mor- e n, 1 re-porte- rs ty-fo- - ! ed 1 4 the-electi- self-relian- ul f- in ex-per- iejic self-helj)f- . ve t, " . -- . -- y many-opportuniti- es raf by-Putna- ,v anti-polygam- 1 y re-rea- .. . 