WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 112 -- life was a busy one, and it was spent id doing ' gooa. . xieaung ine m sick, reneviug me puur, , ' i ana cQQiioning tue amicieu, uiese uiuga were, with her, not the recreations of idle moments; they were her daily work, the business of her life. She did not court but rather .avoided Yir noiorieiv. as sue iiveu. bu euts. uieu. was course conviction that her right abiding 'remained with her to her last hour. Of her. as completely a of any. we have ever known, may it be said that slie filled to the utmost, the measure of her duty. She was in the. fullest ooncn rvf On a tvnrrl nil ttinf a'nrnmnn nnrrlit in favor of it, and the Italian Senate though it has rejected a bill providing for it, did . so by a small majority. Philadelphia glared-i- 1 , n A French lady recently defended her father before a law court with acunlen worthy- - of a veteran Jawyer. In recognition of her talent the Sorbonne, which is the Paris College of the University of France and which affords equal opportunities to women, has conferred on her the title of Doctor of Sciences, r taken - " away when he was only five weeks whose mother was old." He was tenderly , cared for by his ' grandmother, Mrs. Matilda Overson, and grew, to be such a large beauti. ful child until he was one year old, whence was taken with whooping cough and teething, which caused his : death in three weeks. The death ol his mother almost prostrated his grandmother with grief, but this little fellow had grown to be such a comfort to her, that parting with him seemed almost more than she could bear; but we have the consolation of knowing that his angel mother has one more darling V with her. " f-- ' L. M. j)UR LITTLE MAGGIE. . Mrs. Marietta Holley (Josiah Allen's wife) is fitting up a new house for herself in Adams, N. Yr, in which provision is made for tho ar commodation of ten or twelve guests, to be V: . JAMES FREEMAN CLARKE. Resol ved, That the American Woman Sufirage Association has sustained a great loss in the removal by death -- ofRevJames-Preema- n Clarke. ' President for three years of the Massuchetts W. S. A , and always our faithful and judicious friend. Dr. Clarke's wise advocacy of all just reforms made his adherence to our cause a matter of greatjweight and impor-tacHis presence has left us, but his influence of NewYork seleetedfrQm the sewing-girlexpects Oity, during the summer months. to entertain four or five sets of them in succes' s sion. remains. LOUISA M. ALCOTT. "Resolved, That by the death of Louisa M. Alcott, the woman suffrage movement has lost ample that a woman who believes in equal a faithful may be a devoted daughter, rights 11 : a u 1 iu an iuc 1 ct-cistcr, turn r vvuuiau e.&.cLupittijr 11 , 1! i iiiu hw xvmii Tinny fii iiriuurM m h. imi thii L iviiiivh- - public services have been invaluable in providing pure, wholesome and. delightful reading, for the young. Woman's Journal. v PRIMARY FAIR. On the 16th of November a Primary Fair was held at Hvde Park. Cache Co. There was a good representation of work, done by the IMIl II 111 f I If 1 I II H . I I PI I III llll t The work ing meetings. Mill! Ill li consisted A6f t W II M sewing," nrl nnhVJntr fiv fliA rrirls Irniffinnr vrrtnVipt wnrlr both ornamental and useful articles being made; n sn upcrpmn ps raispn nv rnH nova nnn nrna. ments made of wood, etc. . " 10 we cnnaren, anu verv nleaiant affair. The children showed their willingness to do what was reauired: of them, bv brincins u U -in their was given i. party was a ' aiio-i?eth- er it - c - M. T 1 1 1 Eight women were elected the first week in this month. on Massachusetts School Commit V tees. Mrs. Annie Bejant and Mrs. Ashton Dilke have just beenelected to the London School T Board Mrs. Esther M. Hawk3 was noraiijated last week by a meeting of the women voters of Lynn, Slass., as a candidate for the school board. Mrs-Harri- et recovered her time-pleasantl- Rfififiher Stowa has almost whollv from Tier recen ill n es,- - and passes at-he- r y Hartford home en-- - gaged in her usual occupations. Mrs. Nathan Appleton, of Boston, is at the, - headof-anOTementto- - w .. Be comforted and know that now ' ' free from every snare, ; She's Vour darling's saved and all is well, Prepare to meet her there. Rejoice, rejoice, our God is good, His name we will v adore; Whate'er affliction Hepermits,-- ' Hell give strength to endure. Now, let us then all faithful be To our covenants prove true, That when our earthly race is run, We'll unite. with heranew. M. F. C. M. '.. Clear Creek Canyon, Oct. ar, 1888. RKTHOMAi eonetiv&iioargnmenr clnded. It is obvious Jthat1 they are abundantly asJitLas many who now possess suffrage, by knowledge, by training "and by character; and their influence is likely to weigh in direction which, in an age so material as ours, is exceedingly valuable namely, in the direction of morality and religion." El EA&LE SAIT LAKE CITY, r TliLeading Retail orase. MISCELLANIOUS. our faith has not for its basis the witness of God, to wMch we must submit a3 to the authority outside of, superior to, and independent of,, our personal judgment, then that faith is no faith. A. Monod. NOTES AND NEWS, " ; Weep not for Maggie, who's left so soon, xor to despair be driven, Good angels bore her spirit home To that blest abode called heaven. ' Emma S. Dill, of Wyoming, 0., has suggested to the Board of Directors of the Hamilton County Agricultural Society "that a Board of Lady Directors, appointed tojict with and under the direction of the present Board of Direetors; could greatly aid in awakening an interest, and in the work preparatory to a good fair each year." This suggestion is to be acted upon at tho next meeting of the board, and if the gentlemen will consult the Indiana State Agricultural Annual Keports, they will find that an auxiliary board of women has been of decided advantage for ten years past. Ex. ' The Earl of Salisbury, prime minister of England, took occasion, in his address before an audience of some 6,000 people in Edinburgh, V reeently, to speak as follows: "I earnestly hope the day is not far distant when women also will bear their share in voting for members to the political world, and in determining the policy of the country. I can If : .. '' Ex. r.Lydia Davis, Sec. T nrtn uyae rarK, uec y,ft 1000 tT " --bhe e. . DIED, of diphtheria, Maggie Morrison, aged se.ven years. and . we all deeply feel our r She was. a most promising child, great loss.T She died on the 20th of Oct. 1888. Her birthday was on the '3rd of Dec, 1881. Daughter of William ; ; and Emma S. Morrison. . One of -- the latest as well as one of the best things from Spurgeon is his reply to the question whether a man could be a Christian and belong to a brass band. "Yes I think he might; but it would be a very difficult matter for his next door neighbor to be a Christian" Ex. The Roman Catholic cathedral in Boston' will be a remarkably interesting place on 'one day in the first week in January, when Stary Anderson's brother Joe is to be married to one of Wilson Barrett's female kin. : Mary Anderson was proposed as a bridesmaid but decided the part out of her line.- - She will be there will Booth and Barrett and though, and-ssome of the prettiest girls in town. Ex. J o Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S and tto - Will be found latest styles piodnctlons RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, PAKS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLAIiS, TIES ":rrAnd' an' 'elegant'" assortmenf 'of , " DK 13 S : 0 ::QQ for Ladies Misses' and Special department ant's is hoes 112, 114, 116, 118 1" In- - East Temple Street is of Washington, to be presented to the French government by the women of America. The President and Mrs Cleveland have promised to r IZHIi 2: lend their3Lidt----lc.T rzz: Woman suffrage gives promising signs of gaming supporters. Lord Saisburv has de- - IN MEMORIAM. TINNERS CAS, WATER M STE A 11 FITTERS .: Died, at Leamington,' Millard Co., Utah., Oct. 7th, iS88t Stephen Barters Talbpt, son .of Stephen' B, and jate Bussellitta Q. . Brownell Talbot, aged, "one year three ' V ; weeks and one day. t - We "all feel to regret ;ihe death of .the dear little boy, forJaUI3EY?S celebrated LIFTaud FORCK. PUJf FS Fumpa Repaired on short notice. Orders rom the country- prdmptly responded to. 3-Ag- - 2TAilrm. lira SUttS. B3x'35S, SlW;WI2 CIXT. . 