J .. y - t- ; . WOMAN'S .EXPONENT. you toy own feelings with regard to instruction's .many 'of you would perhaps consider it egotism; still, I take the liberty of saying to these my sis ters, if the counsel and instruction that your un- - worthy servant has given to the inhabitants of the this occasion. But she is not in the territory now," I know her heart is or she would .be here .here, and if I could postpone the 19th day of July "until SislerjZina qpuld come, I should be pleased. But I 'cannot' do' it. . We should pray for Sister Zina where, she is. And I pray the Lord, to hasten the time that, she may b in our midst, traveling to-day- : T arlh.had: beenobeyed , . around them-as-hereto- sisters,-:omfort- ing among-th- e- and as . Sister Eliza-R- . taught them enough to be "- -'. done. Sisters, Tdon't feel that it is permissible for me I am thankful to see you totakeupthe time here. I am thankful that during this busy time, when you say it is this and it is that whiph requires my time, when harvest is at" hand, and with the exer- cise of everything Jn its turn,' I am glad, I say, - that you have had time to meet together. I can speak with pride of the sisters of --Weber County, I have never asked Jhem to do one single thing and have been refused. They have been more than willing to do everything that was required of them. And this make's me feel happy. I have always had my requests honored; and for " this I thank you here v May God bless us, that we may have a good time I ask itin the name of Jesus. Amen. ; -"' little-eircumsta- nce" saved the nations of to one Saints. m ''. . "We are, professedly,Saints. What i the differ ence between a Saint of God and an angel of God? One is, clothed upon with mortality, the' other has passed through mortality and has re- -' ceived the celestial glory of our Heavenly Fathe and is free'from contaminaiingtnfluences of sin that we have to contend with. This- - is the differ ence. We ask the question, can mortal beings live so they are worthy of the sQciety of angels? I answer the question, for myself I3 believe that they can; I am sure that they. can. But in doing this, they must subdue the sin that is within them selves, correct every influence that arises within to-da- y. ' to-da- ha.v of-the- Latter-da- y " heki)wnheartS-ihatisopposedQ- ; :i you bring up your children correctly FF. :qirireverywxoTrg:ftun5e My belovecHisters: I presume you all feel thank- ful to have. the opportunity of meeting together to commemorate this day. I have thought of it a good raany times with pleasure and pride that it fell to the sisters of Weber County to have the Quarterly Conferences inaugurated here by President Brigham .Young, when he came and talked to the sisters of this Stake at that time, as Sister Richardstyour President, has said, we couhinot see the good that would result from this organization. .of the Stake, and also the " Young Ladies' i, ImprovemeeJt Association, Ifbelieve that there is no sister pr brother in this Stake of Zjon, especially those who have resting upon them responsibility, and who are interested in the work of the Lord, but can say there , is no organization, except the Priesthood, that has been a greater blessing to this County than has the Relief Society in many ways: And I have to mention here this mormingthat I am -- thankful tosjejd sentatives from every settlement in this County, I "see reprerentative women I believe, of all the I also see some of the branches in this Stake. brethren from various parts of this Stake. I am" glad to see Sister Richards and her Counselors, and so many of the brethren and sisters visitors from Salt Lake two Apostles and President Cannon. I feel to welcome you all here and I trust we may hear many good things from those who have come to address us. God bless you, and. the brethren and sisters who shall address us and may He inspire them with the here Spirit of the Lord, that we may be fed, bleesed and benefitted in this Stake of Zion, is my prayer Amen. -- uuuo ui me . tana icaiu na- - men iccuuSj prideprejudices; their religion, habits and customs, and, I may say, who, in a great degree, govern, that lay the foundation for the .ability that is exhibited among , the nations of men? It is the mothers. Who have laid the foundations in the hearts of the children to prepare them to be great and good men? It is not the fathers it is the mothers, It is like the saying of the Savior with regard to the poor. Speaking to His Disciples He ?ays:: 'For the poor always have ye vyith you, but me ye have hot always.' Now, the children are always with the mother, and the mother is always with the children, but they have not. He is in the field at his work: andXthe lother is all the time making impressions upon the minds of the children. Permit me here to say, mothers, aQd ray sisters, you who are young, it will do you good if you will observe it 7 You see, hear and witness a good deal of contention among children some of you do, if not all, and I will give you a few words in regard to your future lives, vyini the-fat- iw her . -- nhatyoiriray havechlrdjf lTTrenot be conten-tious- ,- not quarrelsome. Always d theis first yourselves, step. Never allow : . PRESIDENT FRANKLlND. RICHARDS. 1 will read a few sentences or "HBeTngTequested,-' a paragraph or two from'' President Young's sermon,! which he delivered, standing where I do now just eleven years ago to day; and a good will, doubtless, remem- many who are heretty-davl ber what he then said as read them. It will be y remembered that on that occasion the house was well filled with the Relief Societies,- the Young Ladies' Societies, then called Retrenrhment So cieties,' and brethren and sisters. Elder Richard then read as follows: (Taken from the 19th Vol. journal of Discourses, Page 66.) Saints say they "The People called Latter-da- y how wish to know and understand to order their lives before Him whom we serve and acknowledge as our Father and our God. If I were togive- - your- selves to become out of. temper, and get fretful. ' Why,' mothers say, 'this is a very mischievous little boy or littlevgirl?' What do you see ? That amount of vitality "in those little children that they cannot keep still. If they cannot do anything else they will trip over the chair, cut up and pull away at anything to raise a row. They are so full of lite that they cannot contain themselves; and they are something like ourselves boys. They have so mucn vuauiy in tnem that their bones fairly ache with strength. Theyhave such an amount of vitality life, strength altl activity, that they must dispose of it, and the young ones will contend with each other. Do not be out of temper 'yourselves. Always sympathize with them and soothe them. Be mild and pleasant. If you'see - a child with knives and forks, playing . with them, .it might put out its eyes. It will not do to give it a hammer and a looking glass. What will you do? I am a person of and know how to experience, deal with children. If the cbld has in its hand, that which it should not have, let the mother or the father, or whoever has charge of the child or has the right, uke such things from it, and put -- not-cont- -- " -- - end have accidentally hurt' your little sister, "'go and "kTssher;' By takingthis coursejyoiL will haveV good childrenJvand they will not contend with each other, I am talking to'you of that which I know. I have had an experience in these matters. 'I will relate a little incident that occurred in my own family." a little boy, about three and a half years old, wa,s very ill. His mother would feed him bread and milk, or whatever he wished. As soon as he could stand by her, every day. he wanted his bread and milk. Just as soon as he had got what he wanted, he would throw up his hands, and away went the basin to the floor. His mother did not know what to do. Said I, 'If you will do just as I tell you, I will tell you what to do. The next time you sit down to feed this little boy, when he has got through he will knock the dish Said I,4Lean-4ii- m against a- chair, do not say one word to him, go to your work, pay no attention to him whatever.',. She did so. The little fellow stood there and looked at her, ''atched her; and then he looked at the basin and the spoon, watch his motherland look at the basin and spoon again, By and by he got down and crept along the floor and climbed up toother chair, and then set the basin on the' table, and ' crept until "he got the spoon and'put it oh the table. He never, tried to knock that dish out of her hand again. Now, she might have whipped him and injured him, as a great many others would have done; but if they know what to do, they the child without violence. "One of the nicest things in the world is to let an enemy alone entirely, and it mortifies him to death. If your neighbors talk about you, and.jpu think that they do wrong in speaking evil of you, do not let them know you ever Beard a word, and conduct yourselves as If they always did right, and it will mortify them and they will say, 'We'll not try this gameany longer.' I have;seen men, and womeh'also, that arenever happy until they are miserable,. and,never easy until they are in pain "These. are little things; but is not the world ' made up of little things? The. whole earth is madetipof small atoms of sand. Our lives are made" up of little simple circumstances, that amount to a great deal when brought together,' and'sum up the whole life ofsthe,man or woman; and yet, in our passing from one to another, our-little acts and incidents. seem to be very minute or simple,.but we find that they, amount to a great ' '. deal. ' 'JNow, sisters, will you learn these, things? I " . -- outof-yourUiand.' . . . ; good-nature- - to-da- y, 4 ;. 'Here are mothers. Who give the key to the to-da- y, -- -- as individuals, to be subdued, until every evil desire is eradicated, and every feeling of Jheir hearts is brought into entire subjection to the will of Christ. Now you all believe this just as much as " I do. and teach them those principles and habits that are correct, and you wall find that you will improve very ma- te r i all y.j n -- y ou r fam i lies. you find that your with -t- hem," " children are cruel, -- do soothe. them, and invite those who, through accr. dent, have injured a little sister, to pity her. 'You l. " . .FRESipEN3Ll-W-JSHURTU- -- - ing influences of the grace of God,, and purify themselves by their faith and by their conduct, that they are worthy Then they are prepared for Jhe jjocjetyof angels. To be Saints indeed, re- - y. -- -- 1t,he1earth,-andtO'have-TOade-ev- ery fore, S. Smith has , them away where they belong. Now, mothers listen to this Never ask a child to givq up tha'tj which. iL should . not have. Step up kindly and put t,he article where itf belongs. The child will - not v r samay thingr--- A took place-ia3alt Lake City. L had - business' in a I house where had understood there had been xonsidefab ; and the mother would not let the father speak, to the children to chastise them.' I went into the house and talked to the man. The lady came in and sat down I pretty soon saw a little girl, about two years old with a thimble jn her mouth, sucking it. I went up io the little girl, toolcthe thimble from her and" put it on the mantle shelf. .Says I to the mother 'You must not allow the child to have this, thing; if it "should go into the stomach it will decay.' The man looked at me as if he wculd'faint away.; He was a large man, but 1 suppose he never attempted to say such a thing to his wife in his life.. I said it; and the mother was so confounded that shgdid not say a word ; and it would not have done jier - v can-corre- . ' . 