WOMAN'S 'EXPONENT. 9Q - ! i i r ii l ti t son 1 vaucr tiier ner son is well. lawyer, The development of her voice, Garcia. "the ber husband's oratorio, "Kuth'which Ernest is an officer iq? daughter army? naturally hard and inflexible, was "mainly due.. Hall, in her was" married to Mr. J. H. Maude. She Jennie said once London. in heard first was then however, to her own inimitable energy and to ' her native land had little charm forlier, She spent her summers partly at Wiesbaden' before that the high ideal which she kept constantly never kind to her till the days and partly itf Kainzenbad. At Weisbaden, herself. Even in her childhood the tinge'of because But that she had a warm whither she went to take the baths for her melancholy, natural to most Swedes, gave tp of her prosperity. is attested by the fact rheumatism, she lived at her own villa. ner singing a; character .which" frequently spot., for it in her heart '" that she devoted the whole ot her A merican ' Not merely in the simple ballad or passion- brought tears to the eye's ot her hearers. jttcytrate lyric has she achieved her highest triumph- -It and endow iugart scholar beer was in Paris while p lie pursuing"lier earning to founding was in religious' rtfusic that the quality of Liverstudies, and when he heard her he predicted a ships and other charities in ttwedn lo soul foun'd fullest development. pool she gave a hospital, and she added a wing-t- her voice and brilliant future for" the young artist. His in It was in sacred music that Jier round notes one in London. VAmongpther things she troduction led to her having, in 1842, a hearing swelled into their richest harmony; and she foun'ded a scholarship in memory (if. her friend at the Opera, which was attended by Haydn, first scholar elected to it seemed among her kindred when she (spoke a Vasseur, Rossini and other prominent musicians Mendelssohn, and the 11 holy mission "I know that my. Kedeemer liy. : of the day. The - Directorofthe Opera did was Sir: Ar th u r S u i van. she hap-- - eth, and that in my flesh 1 shall seeUod " The her visit to Bath, England, "During not go to hear her through the influence,' it is : i ii j i' i uir .l a jneuu in iruui s' to oe waiKing wun reiVninsr the Stoltz. Rflid' V of Mile. rapture of conviction seemed in every syllable peneu prima - '' vtJ O ' "J of her utterance. Such music not only enone of which she entered some almshou.-es,iut- o donna. in find riches the language with which itisimmediate-Jenny Lind did not secure. an engagement at ostensibly to rest herself but of reality to An some excuse for doing an act ly jinked, but summons into presence from obcharity. the' Opera; and she is said to have determined old woman-- , like her neighbors, soon began to. scure haunts of the memory all the poetry of never to sing in Pari. Through Meyerbeer's in refer" to the arrival in their city of Jenny Lind, thought that has ever entered it. fluence she went to Berlin m 1814 and began hav- She was one of those lovely gifted spirits, and the pleasure the Theatre goers were the study of German. In September of that . i j r i ror myseu, saiu whom a time of peace sends forth to humanize year she went to Stockholm to take part in mg in hearing her sing. the world and to link the nations together. the old woman, "I have lived a long tithe in the ietes attenuing me: crowning oi iviug the "world and desire nothing before I die but Sweden, has done much in this respect. In its but in October she returned to Berlin, darker times, even, it had its true hero Gus- to hearher myself." "Would it make you where, again through .the influence of Meyer was the response. "Ay, that it tavus Adophus; in its last age, itsbenignant beer, who hadjwntteu for her the leading roIe thlTold woman,"4 'but I tliall never said better known would," in his "FeTdlager-i- n Schlesif-n,'-' Lihnleus,with his'cliilddikcT heart and his love of flowers, as well as his love of nature; in our hear her, since 1 cannot leave this place. as' "LEtojle du. Nord," she obtained an en d own day it gives us Frederika Bremer and gagement at the Opera. Ucr first appearance J 'Doit be so sure of that, tjaid the -- took listen;'-whand en Dec.-lo, when she gang iNorma JennyY "it down, my friend, Jenny LindTVomewhb,Jntheirown great place on o ot h and noble powers, have no superiors in the ner si u one ft m A her . er the eirth as and wahueceivud'vvjt great forthwith vocahstsang-tworld. Woman. ward she eaug with equal success her new role richest songs, and taking leave said: "Now you S. Fredericks. have heard Jenny Lind. in the Meyerbeer opera. . . was The daily hie of Jenny-Lm- d In the following April she sang iii Hamburg, After making this .extremely simple. 7E very morning, at 7:30 Cologuo and .Coblentz tour she returned to Stockholm by way of o clock there were lamily prayers. At these T ni CELLANEOUS. Copenhagenfonce more achieving a triumphant not only her husband, Mr. Goldschmidt, and her three children, but the servants, assisted. success. In 1845 she made the acquaintance Science removes ignorance but it does not of Mendelssohn, and under his direction she When breakfast was over she habitually retired appeared at the. Gewandhaus concerts in to her room on the second floor, and seated at correct her writing-desk- , Leipsic on Dec. 6. ' She has Eaid that Mendels opened and answered her Falsehood inay have its hour, but it has no sohn wrote for her the soprano part in his numerous letters. Her room which looked out ; "Elijah," and that ho had other things in view on a beautiful garden, was simply furnished. future. for her which "wero prevented by his early 'The most notable piece of furniture in it was A rich man without liberality, is like a tree death. While she was in Berlin she met Mos- - a large screen, which had, pasted over its en- without fruit. cheles, who, on. Jan.. 10, 1845, wrote thus of tirasurface, newspaper clippings from all parts her performance in "L'Etoile du Nord:" 'Jenny . "of the world - eulogistic or the great singer. . T Humility- - kneels in the dust but gazes on Next to Jenny Lind's room connected by a iAua nas iainy encnamea me; sue is unique in her way, and her song, with two coucertante door covered with portieres, was the room of the skies. Archer Butler. her husband. In it stood a grand piano,, and flutes, is perhaps the most inrredihlp feat in The blue of heaven is larger than the cloud. the way of bravura singing that can possibly often Mr. Goldschmidt played on this instru E. B. Browning. be heard." ment at night until his wife, who was nervous In 1850 she made, an engagement with P. at times, was, by his performance, lulled to do not tire Provided f J. Barnum, who brought her to the" United sleep. The family sat down to lunch at 1 will find whatyouyou seek at last. of seeking, you o'clock. Jenny Lind was a moderate eater States, where, at Castle Gardens, New York, she commenced a series of concerts, the receipts and fond of simple cuisine. In the afternoon Though we have a thousand friends,- still we betook awalk when the weather was fine, and share she lack; but one enemy is too much for us;" "9 J T i AftAft ArtA f -uu buted l' vih - Qrtntfzku di3tri in alm3 to t he poor married purse baud, Otto Goldschmidt, in Boston, who accompanied whom she met. When she came home she There is a pedigree of the body and a pedi her as pianist. After a series of triumphs in taught ..her select circle of pupilvand at gree of the mind, Wendell Phillips. 7 o'clock she sat down to dinner. ' She never England she and her husband became leadWe speak of educating our children: do we ing professors at the Rhenish Academy of went to theatres, balls, or operas. She went to Music. know that our children also educate Us? Mrs hear Patti sing once, but she left the hall beAt one of her concerts at CastleGarden,anin' fore the performance, was over, saying that Sigourney. . . " Patti couloV, act but she. couldn't sing. She tereeting incident occured, during the performThere is danger in . keeping silent when we ances. Jenny Lind, as usual, was encored, and wag rather" sensitive on the subject of her should speak, but more in speakiner when we' rivals. She attended not long since a garden seeing John Howard Payne in one of the stage should hold our tongues. ehe Sweet Burdette-CouttsHome" with such party, given by the Lady boxes, sang "Home, In wonderful effect and pathos, that the entire" the course of conversation a gentleman speaking audience rose up, in testimony of their regard "My little son, you should not eav vour of Christine Nilssou, called her the ".Swedish " so ' for both' writer and singer, Nightingale." Instantly there sprang up from prayer hurriedly, but take time to think During her stay in this country Jenny Lind a seat close by, an aged, thin woman, who "Why mother, it isn't me that has to think, it's Claire; I can say my prayer withont thinking." gave away about $90, 000 in charities. This pointed her finger at' the speaker, and excity was music mad in" 1851, and in 1852 with claimed in a voice quivering with rage: "You her and Kathej-ihHayes and Alboni, all of are.wroug, sir, you are grossly wrong; l am the At the last meeting of the Hartfnrd ((..') whom gaverconcerts at Tripler Hall. 'Swedish Nightingale.'! am Jeqny Lind!" On her return to Europe.Mme. Jenny She liked to read aloud in the evening, or" Equal Rights Club. Mrs. K G. Younr road a letter from U. S. Senator Palmer, in which he as she was now called, traveled she chatted about her triumphs to her favorite througH Holland and again visited Germany."1 pupils. Though she possessed magnificent said: In 1856 she returned to England, which she jewels she never wore them. She was exceed"The. enfranchisement of women, in my henceforth made her home. Until recent years ingly fond of her husband, though they had opinion,is not farofF. Even conservative papers she appeared there .frequently in concert and disagreements at times; and she always said concede that. Their right to vote should oratorio. She sane in Exeter Hall. London. that it was owing to -- Mr. Goldschmidt's manplace the family as the foundation of the State in the "Creation," Dec. 10, 1855, on Dec 17 I that was ghe in such financial The floating vote of nonstake-holder- s agement easy in sociin the "Elijah," and on Dec. 24 in the"Mei- circumstances. She brought up her children be would neutralized." ety .1 - siah." -- On No vrrl 7rl 86 r she ha M -- 1 ng-iu-Ex- -- eter - , it-w- as L . - - . i -- r i . . -- r, u-ca- good-nature- . -- - m-Ixmd- . on W ill-natur- e. ' - 1 1 1 1 1 - . - - v r- w. dng-$;rtrem- e Lind-Goldschmid- t, 