WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 179 TREASURES. In the stone and 1rick houses of the villages; marriage, that the honor of the" man may be jpwhed by jueti who possess, land::nd iWkdr .prest y'i'd and t Iim "wile, taught by example the of the close at . A maiden sitting day , duties she owes the liubaiiI but it often ;mtp- Liip vuiih'M3 rooms are uevom or comiort,, Within the shadow of a bovver, ornament and neatness. .Visiting colic ctions' a hat t he emu re i nTTtTi e r i n a w t e a ch es that's" a soul o'er passed away, Deep brooding of antiquities with the master of a houe, I the wife "many tricks of deception and cunning. While fall her tears upon a faded flower have parsed tht chambers of .the women, and Male hiv s mn-- t not t'lit.-- tin' wonieti's jixtnis, thrice prec'ous nwr-- . That sweef seen women,' children, .slaves, slit ep fowls a nd " and tlie r1,!n.H'i) may not- - unyt. il to any man. His seal tlie set has Death brow Since upon giver's "cats scattered through the disorderly rooms.; who is not; within the degn e of ponsa'ugtiihity wit!)i:uwhieli "they i?re forbidden to inarry; yet Many villages are built of. the Nile mud, which Yet the floweret now has lost not its blud, Th- -' in that dry elimat readily pretty women' la the veil fall by accident vhen Though dull and dead are its nce lastrous eyes, . also-ohouse floors are 'mud. but firm and .there is an .opportunity for'their laces to. bo It gives the maid a peace she never knew and their eye sin vile regard'. Woman's covered in spots with palm matting. The Not even wheu 'twas plucked .'neath summer skies; wives and daughters in honor. comers, tdh-- r through motherhood;: families do not It leads her from the darkness of the tomb ldght eat with the men. The wife usually--cookthe to have sons, exalts her to "freedom' f rom the To him in that bright land where flowers are aye in bloom. food for the husban.cl serves him and after-- " "'uiljttw r rt nf. r children isv - -; I!.' , - her mot noble dot v. Hut he. mav not. bv thewards Teats what;i,emain.Eveii-w.berc-.thereare house slaves. The wife veryy oftenaits Km'n, be the teitcher of the. boys alter they A mother gazing on a curl of gold upon the husband and sons at the .mid day, are two years old. The' intruetiotH of the Qr on two Jittle shoes of brightest pink, meal. From the pylons of Ed too, 1 have Projihet are very plain to the father; hejn.ust: VVijch tell her of the tirhe she did enfold teach his son manners, morals,' business, all looked down - into a hundred homes and seen Close to her breast her ii.e.art about to sinkr of the domestic 'machinery, in .that he need to know-ohimself, prayers when Her boy the angels claimed one nightf-he is seven years old, and whip him if he does vented-ageago, eardi home the representative The Lord had need of him where all is love and light. not; pray- at (en. Needle work is taught the of the whole village, men, women, children But soon the fond one sees in her despair, girls of goed families, amP tlie spindle, to the andjanitnals, injhe same little enclosure, with l:.-l.JL.tL,. That in" His love and"5" wisdom 'God hath riven out the simplest provision for '.cleanliness or Her boy from her; and that the golden hair j'n the gait, carriage and feminine priyaeyrPopuIar writers on modern Egyptians daughter She treasures is her angel child's in Heaven; M IfaFemf-fitre rese. n 1 he-- h a rem as thtvabod e- -o -- i ndm-eiKhy illicit miy-- j And that the little fett those shoes once shod'"" In of che . band. the to a and and ry young crime, early part intrigue, immorality large Are bound now with the sandals pf theove of God. wohiv'u lvarned to play the hue, but that-- . often extent have .made their representation from the; " harems of the cities and from the titled classes. has now been relegated --'to the service of profes , in. " ." N... have no musiC:u instruEmiline Lott, Mr. Lane, Mrs- - Poole, ..sister of sionals, and the young ' ' ; An aged man, with waving, silvered hair, ments. Mr. Lane, Mr. Bayle St." John, and .others A. rosy child asleep upon his knee, whose names are familiar, have written only u a wun sinne lenuer prayer; jjrcaiiurjg the upper class oFKajrems. M L tt , who" oh When rapt in some ecstatic reverie; ' , ' the bill for tln eleventh census calls tor an vas governess to the son of the late Khedive, ' A. precious casket of the years ; ; Ismael Pacha, hiJed her volume with the di.-- . appropriatiort of $0,000,000.;"Within his hand, and wan leaves wet with sacred tears. comfort, selfishness, treachery, intrigue and ''The gentlemen- in charge of the Glasgow Inin harem the she discovered .crime. viceregal The child is all unconscious ashe sleeps, ternational Exhibition, which is to beopened find the on title Vi astonished to .one in a link that great golden chain, though That he's next month by the, Prince and Princess of is dedicated to this very Which joins each blessed one who vigil keeps page that Wales, have been notified that the Queen will Around his grandsire, in the heavenly train; viceroy whom she louud so mercenary and un I (JUJUiSll CIKxl ill V lUUv I U StIUlUWIl Ul moral. No doubt, the- habit of idleness is historical" The oilman knows not what his life may be, treasury including a inportrait, of. confi rmecl in th e o lde r w o m en of. a r i ch h are in . But for those treasures, and that child upon hisjenee. the back Queen Mary with' the execution is twenty-fivWoman ' years Whetah"Egyptian Selected. it round." old, she receives the ' reverence of her children The following cablegram was sent from as a middle-agematron, and she curls herself WOMEN. smokes was. the seventy-tliir- d her EGYPTIAN up on the divan, gossips, cigarettes, Berlin, April 1st: "To-daThe healthy and . thinks herself occupied. anniversary of Priiiee, Bismarck's birthl BY CHARLOTTE B. WILBOUK. girl of 12 or 14 years who may not leave the Bv noon the Chancellor had received fullv and notes of .harem until a year after wt marriage;, hneU 500 congratu atoryi telegrams, . i .i No. 5. confinement irksome, but habit and cuitom are cougraiuiaiion aim guts oi u jwers p oureui iulo A Magdeburg tyrants; she must .obey, and the ..child woman the palace the whole day." ' and inaction mouths of been IN WOMAN THE FAMILY. after twelve appearing regiment,;which had especially sent in to be, what she' is not," a matron, comes to ac- - honor of the occasion, serenaded the ChancelOne word of the harem itself, the home of bathing, cpml)ing her hair "and plaiting lor." Emperor Frederick serif Col. Broesigke, man is ceptwith the' family. The house of a her jewrelry, smoking personally, and Connt Von SeckejidoriT, on it oil, brightening with ' the and rooms courts many, ample large, of himself and the Empress conjointly, to 8nd . gossipping, ivith a. little carriage-ridinand halls. In those I have visited, the recep and embroidery, a3 the natural circle of her congratulate Prince Bismarck." tion- - room for- the men was furnished rrttr woman's, life. During the yecr of seclusion and with furniture awk j. jc nun big, European aim 'Viuj uyum,u ui usually the new wife may; receive visits and sit lathe luajui them al ward of women, have taken . rocking chairs; articles of the court and on the terrace, and is excused froiiT loosa, Kan., t li of office". A ch - from oa the were closet ofhee and about the toilette, sj lying and pretentions of piety, us that does prayers k to the Top; t Capital says: ''Havroom and the long curtains were frequently not increase her charms for ber husband. tired of the inefficiency of council-mebeconi'i tied up in knots. The apartments of the women In houses which do not afford eunuchs, when ing the people of this community concluded were furnished with eastern rugs, low inlaid 'the husband is to enter with a man, not a relato turn.their municipal affairs over to the" tables, divans, cushions, shelves and cornices he warns the women to conceal them tion, :.. ,.i v in meshrebeeyeh work, with French ornaments-iauul uecoiuuiiii seieuLcu. vfSLer- womeiit uiev ,..i.:,.t...i his on and hands, opening selves, by 'clapping china and glass. There are no overwhelming majority, the followthe door shouts to them it in sight, to- veil ing officers: Mayor, Mary D. Lowman, Council, during the day the mattress, if there be any, is themselves. If a guest arrives in the absence A. Morse, Emma Hamilton, Sadie E. i3 rolled up and placed against the wall; it put of the nusband, he is entertained .in the name Hannah 'i i . i.i.. t .i ir:ii' down at night wherever desired, on the house o arne jouusou. f th e wi fe, though she may, n ot see him . naiiey, Jiinie jioujeuy. auu wives of prominent professional' top, irrthe court, or on the floor While the man is sayffig his morning prayers, The ladies. are TnatAnt iYa nrtt or mi piace, ano are iuny uusmess men rnft'm; unrlroja of if iarra the wife makes his coffee, fills his pipe, gives it ana competent to manage the city affairsjand it is night, even among the rich. devotions are ended, and turns to him when-hishall "have better The poor have no change of garment for. the am confidently expected that wo the water over his hands before be ejits. ruived ami better lighted streets, cleaner alleys, nighty All classes bathe, in "the house, at the who .sometimes- eat wi tlrtheir oOIosIems told public-baths- , or in the Nile. In good houses but it i3 not the custom among those a stricter enforcement of the Sunday law, fewer families, the food is served in courses to the women in hoodlums on the streets alright, and a better I know. their apartments, on small, low tables placed city government in every way. The" ladies consuls native and At the dinners given by beside the divans, aod without knife or fork; a seem earnestly in favor of taking right hold of which invited are to laies official men, affairs and placing the handsome little capital foreign spoon is often used, though solid food is eaten male friends, the city of the blue ribbon county in the very and .husbands their with with the fingers. ' , Ill upper Egypt, the homes of the ordinary women of the family do not'appear; but they front of the procession. The experiment of a entertain in the harem with great pleasure woman, city government will be watched with people from our stand point, are utterly comfortless. .interest bv,the whole State, and ifuny ladies Most of them are but partially and hospitality. It is customary for the mother of the' hus cart solve the"; problem, it is believed those covered, and do not 'contain a dozen articles of ' housekeeping. They are dark, unclean sheds. band to reside with the wife some time after elected here yesterday., can do it." . ". -- rose-wreath- -- s p.-u- 1 r . forget-me-no- t, 1 i ad-mir.- -- - - - . piv s 1 j - - d, f - - . -- . -- the-workin- blue-eytj- g d , s - ..n-.-.- I t-- l -- s ' ...iL(..j.iU rtf - ' . " . - , r - peace-iurone- i- -s by-go- ne ; - , the-boo- k . 1 1 - . - i e I d y -- - . . . - . well-to-d- o be--ha- lf g - bent-woo- 1 d ecial-despat- 'O-kahjo- -a n, . n bed-room- s, - "day-,-by-a- t . s - ll -- . -- - . - 