ill WOMAN'S EXPONENT. X- - Sister Richards ag&in addressed the confer-ebc- e old like some others but still stands while the on various subjexjts; thought testimony hands tha'rbuilt it,are mouldering to, dust. ; and were very, interesting instructive; meetings Xiockport; Friday June 12th 1885. The are better speakers "than, 'doers. jweathcr is Cousin and. Xwalkcd ""many of us very warm. Referred $i Sister Snow's voice in speaking, so cut to the Cojd Spring, Cemetery. Auntie was not able ' to walk so far as she is quite soft and low, yet so penetrating; "he. Spirit of God .fiiledbe'LliQkMog being seventy-fiv- e years old ells said W on the franchise but she is quite smart for her age and gets - As to what Sister around very nicely. ' It was along but pleasant question, jve need no persuading to sign the walk as the road is bordered with shade trees papers for the National Enrollment; we can put show to that believe we down is it most of th9 way. The cemetery is very pleasour names has been even it if to taken, vote,, our 'right antly laid out with shade trees, and flowers,and President About had us. thesilk, Young, from grass and everything, seemed so nicely cared in to is -fit it; i te a contrast to some we see or,-qu regard a great anxiety better, to raise cocoons and sell them, than not to d? any thin'gTlnthat direHibri. 7IFor7the father's lot in an old uncared for part, of the we is no have that Association, work; rPriniafy "cemetery, where"weeds" and yOun locusts ra'ft children half as important as that; teach the riot. In a few more years it will be a dense to have faith in times of sickness; tell them of forest of locusp trees. The tomb stones were " knew the circumstances as it was fresh in the miuds of those still living. A young priest fell in love with a maiden who was in every way worthry of his affection and they were secretly married. He took her to Rochester where he visited her for awhile without being suspected. His house was showed nio near the church where he lived with bi3 housekeeper. She suspicioned him and growing jealous set the other priests after him. His crime was soon brought to light and he wa3 tired before the council and imprisoned. He was finally taken to Canada arid all trace . was-with-her- and . , -- ; ; . - I-th- ink " at-hom- tfte woria fate. His broken hearted wife "took possession oi his home and spent her days there loved by sad story is ended and all who knew hen-rHshe has passed over to the beyond where the solved. The ago mystery. of her life is long i i nouse stands tnere grey anasiient ana coja,anai tells no tales oi the martyred lives and broJken hopes thtt passed within its walls. .We called on grandma Niles an aged with the history of the town, she had relatives she told, us in Utah. The Murray's one of whom was the late Vilate Kimball well known to many, at home in. Utah. She began telling me that people in Utah dare not write to their friends in the east. I told her she was mistaken in that for people could always write if they wanted to. She asked what would be the consequence if a woman wrote when her husband had forbidden her. I said "a family spat perhaps" I did not know what else could happen. But I assured her that -Brigham Young had something to do in settling a new country and looking after-hiextensive family besides watching people's letters. She said so many offensive, things that I got mad and left. I spent the afternoon reading and writing and preparing to go to Lake George tomorrow. Auntie will go on to New York to visit with eousin Ettie Kimball and Rebecca-Newmin New Jersey, where she was born and raised . She an ticipated a visi with ; Aunt iot-ftimp- er ; . . losL-ar- wi was never-knew-- nia - : er of Joseph, and other matters of.Church " bYokeinmc found" grandfather's at last where he and history; encourage the young ladies to live be. when to married grandmother and uncle Bertrand lay side by they marry aright,.and faithfulall and Exhorted side. The .stones -- were mildewed but the into'diligence right. " ' ness. scriptions were plain. We rested awhile and Prest. Mary John felt to thank, the sisters .'mused on the changes and uncertainties of life, for their good instructions, etc. the certainty of death, when we too .. and .for then three was should lie in graves as lone and uncared for Conference, adjourned ' months. Singing, "How firm a foundation." as these, and our names forgotten by the busy Benediction by Bro. Allmah. world around us which would still surge on filled with its own conceits and: busy with the Caroline Daniels, Stake Sec. cares- and labors that fall on life whenever and; ' wherever it is. We went to the spring from LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL. which the cemetery takes its name, and whose water is delightfully cool after our long hot BY M. J. TANNER. walk; the country beyond is very hilly. We walked slowly home and arrived at 5 p.m., 4 Continued very tired. Lock7 Lockport, Sunday ; June th 1885. Sunday, June 14th 1885. Attended Catholic port is the city of all cities to me. Here my church this morning and heard "High Mas3." grandparents lived and raised, their families, It was all very new and strange to me. While and died. My parents were married here and standing in the vestibnle we saw people pass the font or basin of holy water and make the began life together. Their eldest child, was born here, after which they moved to Toledo sign of the cross before entering church; We where I was born, I was brought backlto iny asked a gentleman if strangers were allowed grandparents,-wheaninfknt&ndthe name there, he aidrtamly,jrfisuouldgoin;,ani, army-llfdgeir is treasured by me as the scene of so many sit down "wherever we chose." I find in most as it is very interesting I will some day write sacred ties, I can hardly say memories, for I churches we are liable to intrude if we enter ..:-11L1i'1-,-was so vounsr when I left that I remember a seat without a proper invitation. I never it for the Exponent. but little of it . Here ray grandparents are saw the Catholic services before and.it is buried beside their youngest son who died in strange and fantastic to me. The music' MEMORIAL RESOLUTIONS. the early bloom of his manhood. Cousin and chanting are grand; tall wax caudlesnr burn;. i over the altar anui pictures representing aiiierent muyancUuattended31etto ,tthe annual meeting of the American of Christ death and life in the being, morning in a neat brick church standing on phases Woman Suffrage Association held in Cincinthe site of the one my father and mother were. near. I cannot describe the services, they are nati Ohio, the following Resolutious were read t i .i .11' me, v was uumi. oi very impressive and must be seen to be appreci- and , luarnea m, mat, adopted in which we concur and desire to meyieii underbe then could not frame and was burned down. The preacher,-ated, though they express our appreciation of the same and of looked on toward; disone stood. Every entering the noble work accomplished by these able and finejqoking man, gave us a practical' their' on the bent and knee, course on the lives of ministers in general, and the pulpit entering efficient labqrers in, the interest, amelioration took up a collection for retired ministers and seat they knelt and said a prayer (I suppose) and elevation of humanity. Ep. their families., It is a long walk to church before they sat counted; down, some MARY F. THOMAS. M. D. but very pleasant and leads through the central beads. When the chanting and music were' finished Father Murphy spoke from a pulpit-H"Since our last annual meeting, one of the ui town. denounced He the is an eloquent speaker. Auntie and I have a long talk in the afterpioneers in the woman suffrage movement has world and the of follies noon. We attend the Episcopal church in the fashions arid pictured, passed away. Mary F. Thomas is dead. A the terrors of hell, where millions of people life of great usefulness is ended, and the evening; it is quite a change, they have so many are suffering now, and will suffer throughout American Woman : Suffrage Association has ceremonies; I never saw the Episcopal service before. The minister wears a white robe ana the endless ages of eternity, while the good sustained a great loss. She was the possessor TPala on rfj in eoomo r rI JJivi mn cv,VU4g would go to everlasting life. r He denounced: of that highest kind of courage which was al1 111 .ifu buy cnwtnrn , lim; the Protest antsand tol d the people to send their ways ready to avow its convictions in the face . "uuuuj'u it is very ioou. ' After Father of adverse public opinion, and of that kind of Lockport, Tuesday. June 9th 1885. Re, children to Catholic schools who had old priest ceived a letter from Botton, Lake Ueorge magnanimity which could bear, without re .Murphy finished, the where my husband's relatives live, invitipg me at Mas3. began speaking, the people began seritmentj every manner of unjust criticism arid to visi t them and obloquy , from thoses around her. By her telling how to : fl nd them; leaving each one looking have not yet decided if I will go. Emily and kneeling as they vven t out, and not more than" blameless life and the manifest sincerity of went for a walk, calling on some of her two thirds perhaps waited for: the benediction.' purpose wnicn pervauea eyery imn. sne ciia, Near the Church stands a nunnery; both church she finally subdued all animosities, and died friends, and tried to identify the house that my l i. J tit and nunnery are large substantial imildingSM tnat-W- e mversally . respected, honored and loved. giiraparenxg nmiyne "wonder what kind The solemn earnestness which characterized all decide upon; it looks very ancient not orev stone; we could but st all like its modern neighbors. . her acts, and perhaps, most of all, her efforts of life wa3 led by those who were shut in ibF4heenfrancnisemett ursdavJune 11th 1385. TKecircus" came here iplaces that, it excites panied at all times with : singular, modesty, yesterday and people turned out and. stories about thesesilent ' stones and painted gentlDnes3 and charity for the, shortcomings of woa around on the streets just as they do at but the; home "us nothing- - It might be approothers. Selfishness wa3 absent from her .nature. expecting to see something but saw windows,', tell Auntie and I priate here tc tell a tale that Auntie told me She saw the right and struggled to maiptainit Nothing worth mentioning. ,' foFitsdwn of the long ago.' jvalked out today and she showed me the and in lived she of house nay father built and lived in; it looked, In her early life Lockport anything which it could bring tober. Her -- tneTdays . -- . '. .... , : ..lady-identified- -- ; ' - . . ; : - .. ' - s . an t n -F- - I ail-so- . . . i . i . a . 1 e ta tJ s Vi fTH- - OV. A 1111 M . I I 1 . offici-iate- d r -- I -- -- . - . lvminrre . 1 1 1 our-interes- t, ' -- - 