is ' - , WOMAN'S EXPONENT. several hundreds of thousands of the right to forfeit and escheat j reai estate to me uuucu owues, noiwun- of record, that said real JZ'J tandin the fact admitted and used by or in estate has been possessed, held - of the value df Hollars and claim -- r ir0stforsaid-GhurehrojesusjCh- ris ever since the year 1848, under the full day Saints povjreFan "sanction "of the rstatutes of the Territof JLJtah and the laws of the Congress of 'the ory - held and occupied exclusively for the pur- parsonage for said Church. "Eighth There are now pending in the supreme 3, 1887, poses of a seven districtJCOurtsO .other suits wnich involve the same questions that aud 7 arise in this case, and the final determination of them will depend upon the" decision, of this court as to the constitutionality of acts of Congress, and the other points involved herein. . y . the-aforesa- id ' 'For the foregoing and other good and sufficient reasons appearing of record in this cause, the appellants pray this honorable court to advance the case on the docket and assign it final hearing at an early day." This is a matter of great moment to all the people of these United States, for it involves ques tions of the utmost importanceand it is "devoutly to be wished" that tfie lawyers of the Supreme Court, who are really the interpreters of all laws enacted, shall render a decision that will be an honor to" the Supreme bench, and the country they represent in the most essential manner in the interests of justice and equity. It is not so much the question of dollars and cents, or of property rights, as it is the rights of individuals to, "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness." In this free and grand Republic it is strange indeed if an organization such as the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints,must be restrained, or restricted in the use of means directly devoted to religious and benevolent purposes, and that has been freely donated for this purpose by the people. Other churches and various denominations of Christians own large amounts of property, and places of worship worth immense sums of money, andwhen one church can be thus treated and its property confiscated by the government, it must also follow denaturally that other churches may be similarly No doubt the cry prived of the same rights. ,? would be in reference to this subject, that is not religion; because the popular religious element of the world is against it, but the who is there that is authorized to declare-wha- t Gospel is, or jsvhat true religion consists in, except as it compares with the Bible, the sacred word of God? And when that is done, the Gospel in Saints believe and haye which the Latter-da- y accepted, as taught in this day, is an exact type of the Gospel as preached by the Savior and His ies. There are many who nave Been in duced to join in the persecution, against this people and to urge special legislation against them, that have no correct idea "whatever of the doctrines the Edortheprecepte taught. In fact, they want munds law enforced, without knowing what the jaw really is. Men and women, strangers in this -- "Mor-monism- , tityj this very subject, and have said, "Mormonism . ium must go," "The laws; must oe nonoieu, simi people are an alien people," and many other lar assertionlTadtwoulabetrar their ignor ance of the situation and the doctrine, and the re- and cently enacted laws to suppress polygamy conse- punish unlawful cohabitation, etc., and. the quences of the enforcement of the law, and were or entirely unaware either of what had been done, of what the conditions of the people were. Many 1 , - :i . outside, of-Uta- h; breakers because - they have read sensational paragraphs in the' newspapers, or heard the rumors that float, as it were, upon the air, and swoop down upon the innocent and unsophisticated; fillnot ing thenxwitlj. prejudice and hatred they know ' why. 1 r... EDITORIAL consider all the people as.Jaw- . - Presi- : q-- is more spiritual in - hej Aatru? her sensibility is greati? than In man. Born to feed and to inspire the kind and tender a flections, she is exempt from the fierce passions which often characterize man, and love andJ maternal affection are among the deepest springs of emotion inwoman's heart. In fact, she possesses th& very pecularities of the Christian religion; its spirit of love and devotion of tenderness and charity,: kindness - and -- affection, which so -- eminently qualify her to receive and nurture the innocence of youthful 'life, without which there is no blessed happy home, no truly, educated one fitted for the social duties of lar Christian life, either for society or country. The history of woman from early times, and in .nearly all countries has been one of servitude and often of sorrow and hardships imposed by. hira who claims the rigfat to have rule over her, because her desires should be unto him. As Christianity increases xespect for woman follows in the wake, and she is assuming her place, and exerting1 an influence and power that is moulding society into and purity that, Jher nature demands. This is especially the case among the Saints where she is more appreciated in her relations to the man and society than among any other people. There she is an active worker in the great labor of man's redemption, a minister of sacred things for the perfection of her race. There she learns the full import of her calling here, and the glorious destiny of her future. As sister she is the life and love of the home circle. Around her duster not only the fondness, of parental love, but the innumerable exhibitions of brotherly regard, by which she is made to feel her power Jo contribute .to, the happiness of home, and in the midst of which she becomes a refiner and purifier of the feelings and the affections which make the family circle better for her presence, her absence everto be deplored. In this relation she is not restricted to the home circle, -- where shelearns .so.well herJessons of love and sympathy which make her the tion of man and the - delight of angels ; but the virtue of this relation she carries with her through all the conditions and relations of an entire life-- she is ever sister in God's great family of living souls. As ivifehtr pledge of love is unreserved, and she, as such, the choicest gift of God to man. With herhis joys increase, his sorrows Jee ; and the strength and virtue of union are planted upon the citadal of home for the growth of a kingdom. Love in this, as in all God's institutions charac terize the union of husband and wife; without mutual love the relation will be an unhappy one and so defect the object God had in view Where this love does not exist marriage is virtually a sin, is against; the canons of human consciousness, and the divine law. When we consider the part woman is' to- - take in the relation of wife, it has been well said that ''jher price is faraboVe rubies," ' but it is in the character of Mother that woman 7 fills her TilgTi rntssion tp man and earth. In the capacity of mother we find blended all of excellence and worth; of womankind. In this sphere of ber life she developes those God-lik- e 7qliiIitnswTth"which "She is sa eminentlyendowed j" undying love, filial regard for offspring, begetting tenderness of afiection, and stimulating all the emotional nature, of man's being. In some instances, .the highest type of divine excellence in humanity has'made its appearance in woman as mother. Her power of endurance , NOTES. dent of the Central Board of the; Relief Society, is, No. 55 West Temple St., Salt Lake City,, her, residenoe is nearly' opposite the West Temple " In company with Sister Zina D. H. Voung we had the pleasure of attending the quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Weber Stake in the Ogden Tabernacle on Thursday Dec. 13th. There was a large and attentive audience, in the -- afternoon we intrpdUced the subjectDf the National Enrollment, and" distributed the papers to; the Presidents of the several branches in the Stake. The minutes of this interesting conference will appear in the next issue of the exponent. v We acknowledge with pleasurethe gift of some very handsome and choice chrysanthemums from Mrs. Ann E. Neal there were twelve varieties of these beautiful autumn flowers. Late flowers have a peculiar charm about them that speaks to the heart of the summer days that are past. Remembrances that are sweet but sad, but which we love to dwell,, upon. The cultivation of flowers is one of the delights of life. WOMAN. What can be said of her? Much, every way. She is the mother of the human race; the source, hot the author, of all man's joys and sorrows, pains and pleasures.. She is the embodiment of extremes. Therreckless daring with which she defied her Maker's law - and power; and brought to man his legacy of sin and sorrow; her sincere devotion, her undying love for him who came to deliver and redeem the race from all the sad consequences of her transgression, are instances without parallell in the history ot womanhood. In her sphere she fills many very Important relations, which , enable her to exert a powerful influence over the entire race of man, Man's destiny is virtually in her hands, is prostrate at her feet. The development ot his powers all come under the magic wand of her culture. It is woman that both refines and elevates -- the emotional nature of the race, and fills it with aspirations of honor, and a desire of virtuous reward. Her mission on. earth in the relations of sister, wife and mother, well filled, entitle her to man'slove and protection ; the approbation and ministra tion of angels, and .the -- redeeming love ot her Maker God. Her acute sensitive temperament, her devotional nature, her noble qualities of heart and mind, are endowments which richly qualify her for the duties of these several stations assigned. Though woman is from and of the man, she is not the man,neither indeed can she be. She is a separate and distinct creation, and has her sphere of action and duty, which requires both organization and not possess. As a nowers the man she is not the.' slave of man. Tbe poet fancied he could tell woman her sphere,jvhen he complimentary wrote: if. - . "Heaven when it bad created man, j -- , TEilled for this, high duty she The address of Mrs. Zina D.,H. Young, ; f dispute. The link indeed between heaven and earth - that connects-- all of the spiritual world with those who are below. She alone is fitted and endowed jsvith capabilities to be thejisKer of all spiritsinto their earthlylidmc. , ' notwithstanding the further 'fact that a portion of said real estate so sought to be escbeate3to the- United States, has been for more. than ten years last past, and was at, the time, '"of the passage of said act of Congress of March United States, and 109 -- . r 7 Unfinished found creation's plan; 1: men-an- d .1 aogch were a kia, A chasm still appeared belween, T vv. - " Nor would the Knfo together meet, " Till WpMAN made the chain complete.'' That she is "the "mother of all living," none will : ' . ! thai-refineme- nt " . . ( . . 