MAN'S EXPONENT. ALONE. " rc liveldnewhercVr pur Jot is cast- ,- that cook book of yourn in the bag, aud as I aint in no particular hurry to git home, I jest" thot I'd come back and git it, and spend Another day with you, as thar's no khowin'. when I'll . Bent down with care, or "raised, by Pride on high; Alone we pass our lives, and at the last -- y,-,.-. v Alone we have to die.' 'The gifts of eartb'may bless our earthly lot, The joys of faitfiful love may be our own, We count up friendships; but it matters' not : The soul is yet alone. 181 I don't hev ter scrub it yourself, so don't care hoW much miis yer make; I guess the women does the sent bbi n an d clean i n up while you ;V frown from cook and dosech things the teacher, a smile from the .pupils and a remark, sigh from the nieces followed 'this-tarwhen the master proceeded; "work the dough, or cloth, as we term it, up smoothly, then roll out on the board to the thinness of an inch, spread the butter over three fourths of the cloth, leaving one fourth clean; when smoothly spread lay the clean part over the butter, then bring the lower part up over, aud proceed to git to cum agin. Whar's your mother?" "Oh, she's gone to the Club, and we are going to the Cooking School, so you will have The house all to yourself; and can read the book I all you please." - This pert little speech 'might have offended Aunt Jerusha had she been any other than the dear old Common sense woman The bounteous promise of the years to be that she was, but she very properly refused to Fills ouglad youth with visions of delight; notice any insolence in her young nieces, "con- This is the Paradise of Hoge, and we sider i n , - as she h ersei f- - honestly states it, " thei r rolLItolLaut Rfjoice whilst all isTjright. Bnt, even when dear hands are .clasping oursr age and breedin, and answered them in a still 'fold in a small roll, lay a tea towel over and more astonishing manner, by announcing her place in the larder or some cool place for fifteen We are alike "unknowing and unknown, 'J Fot no two souls contend with equal pdw'rs, or twenty minutes." The master then prowillingness to accompany them to the school: .... bears m cross alone; , "I alius have thot, ever sence you fust spoke ceeded to prepare some- oysters, giving the folof that school, that I'd like ter go along once lowing recipe: ."Beard the oysters and if large We choose our pAths through Life's turmoil and din ' and see what it wuz like, and now's a right halve them; put them into a saucepan with a Some kindred spirits will be surely nigh? splendid chance, so hustle along, girls, and git piece of butter rolled in flour, some finely " But each one for himself desires to win ' shred lemon rind, a little white pepper ; and your things on and let's be .off." That rest for Which we sigh. There was no alternative; Mina tried to get milk, and a portion of the liquor from the fish; Alone in solitude, or crowds no less, out of going, but her sister could not have the stir all well together, let it simmer, for a few No heart we meet is moulded like our own whole burden of taking AuuTJerusha among minutes, it is then ready for your patty tins, hath nolJelLthc bitterness which shall be shortly prepared, with the ..puff so th ey "tbeir fasliionablefrieiids-- pl acethon-he- r' Of dwelling thus aione? resolved to endure it together, consoling them-- , paste." " One in'a crowdof everrestless souls re a little Aunt Jerusha pat quite speech less du ring selves vith the One in a multitude that heeds us not, this part of the lesson, much to the gratificalate, and as order would, be called, and all incontrols-Eac""Eactrfor himseif, while hidden force tent onT the- - cooking .lesson, thei e oiddJbe no tion of her. rnieceswho dreaded any pause human lot. changing chance for talking; but the place has not" yet i'trthe lesson" tbrearIWould agaiiiay-sorae- Drifting afar iironaltpubledsea J)eeafouJidjyJierAAuotJeriisha did not hud a thing to annoy the teacher. He again took-Whose boundless waters ever .beat and moan chauce to talk and make the best of it. too. "out" the paste and rolled, it as beforercalling On the dim shores of vast eternity, On entering the room among the ladies of ion, this the second roll, and again placed it away, ' We reach that port alone; : in the wait preparing fruit for the pies; this, with Their stylish and extravagant costumes i d n was done twice more, making four rolls Jn all , kitchen beh ed a a rge n$w , And then set free, exalted and refined, part ia ly con cea . Through higher circles shall our being range, apron,.with book and pencil in hand and eyes and then the tins were covered with the paste, Beyond all misconstruction of our kind, watching the master, with his large white cap the oysters and fruit put in, and the covers and long apron, his sleeves partly rolled up, placed over, and ail put iu the oven; in a few Beyond all fear of change. In sweet companionship for ever given and his hands holding out a pound of butter, minutes theyicarae out, a light hrowr, an 1 live Of happy souls once burdened like our own, Aunt Jerusha made a low curtsy, and having times the size they were when placed in the Yes, it must be, the "perfect joy" of Heaven said "how dye" in a voice loud enough to be oyster patties. To feel no more alone ! man Well, Aunt Jeruslia never saw such flakey, heard bv all. turned to the white-rober Family Heralds and said: light pie crust; she rose from her seat in delight, . "1 hope, mister, 1 aint lotruam, out my and said, "I ax yer pardon, mister, and deciar. nieces here has talked so much about this here ter goodness I never before see the like of that; schoolthat as I wuz stayin in town another ef'rolliu and waifia four times 'II make dough AUNT JERUSHA ATTEND3 A COOKING SCHOOL. day, havin furgot the Cook Book they gin me, cum up that way," I think I'Jl try myself.. YW77 and cumLback fur it, I jest thot I'd cum along only take, to home, a pound of flour and mix In their great anxiety to start Aunt J erusha with em ter-- ay and -- see, w h u t k i t id o f- a coo k about a quarter of--a pound, of lani in it, and mix it with nice' cold water, and roll it out and en closeJiijQgjrJjejU, you wuz; you know I kinder pride rayseli on homyherieces-iorgaUo as about as lardantl fol- dhousekeepin and . cooktn, andTU irig'bag the cook book they had promised her. my . J .... I!L. Such an omission, though very trivial to them, Deat a womau use me a cookiu i u jest JiKe ter it over and roll it m, and fold, and then thats-abou- t all, and it's pretty good pie. crust, too, make that man s acquaintance. was ot, more importance to their auut,forshe like yourn." nothin After this neat little introduction, Aunt but had promised herself the rare treat on the way "Yes, madam, that is a very good recipe for home of "inspectin the thing and enjoyin it." Jerusha sat down, quite pleased with herself; And so, when fairly seated in the cars and but her nieces, perceiving the suppressed smiles short paste, aid is much used for ordinary the master. "Now, ladies, cooking,"-replie- d Agaiticg the start, she began searching for on the assembled faces, and noticing the whis hree-reei -t avem&iuff-adeyOfw- rf, hide the book, and found it missing, what should she ners passing arouud; were anything butrpi do but gather up her traps aud return to town, and would have given the world if they had and Oyster Patties, and that is quite sufficient lesson. reasoning to herself as she walked along in the remained away, but they whispered to their for one on all The talk Aunt not to say anythiug more,s as girls didn't mind this last speech of their following manner: "It don't make much difference, no how, fur anything but the lesson subject was out of order. Aunt's much, as it showed her knowledge some, "Sakes alive, children," she replied, in a loud and hurried the lesson along instead of retard-- i my ticket's good fur. two weeks, and this is only the ninth day sence I left, and no; one's ex- - and audible whisper, "you don't thiuk I cum ng i t , but they hurried her home for all that, and s he wa3 moreth an willing to go, for she pectin me,.and James is as good in the house ter- - here before forgetting . look after things as anjjle woman; and 1 gues3 yer? Course not; I want ter see how much the wanted to try immediately, the recipe, the making of Puff Paste, and she sister and them girls will, be mighty glad ter man does know." make it, and succeeded beautifully, so that see me comin back if it i3 only fur a day more. .Silence being now obtained from Aunt I deciar, at first I didnft like them girls much, Jerusha's corner, the master proceeded thus the girls and their parents had some fine pies I thought them so proud; but the w&j they with the lesson: "Ladies, 'we will to day take for supper, and did not regret that evening worked fur me the last two days wuz just aspuff paste. First write down the recipe in your that Aunt Jerusha returned and accompauied note books. One pound of flour; one pound of them to the Cooking School. tonishing and no wonder, with so much agoin on, they furgot that thar book; I pretty nigh " butter, wash the butter free from salt and wcrk' will be, mix iurgot my specs and severalf things in the hurry it to a roll as soft as your dough Prof. Maria Mitchell ranks with Caroline with your flour an ounce of the butter, then of gettin off." , : distinThe consternation of the girls, when Aunt pbur on enough water to mix up to the proper Herschell, these two' being the most Jerusha entered the bouse and carefully laid thickness." As- - the teacher dictated the recipe guished of women astronomers. Miss Herschell down her traps, and proceeded to take off her he proceeded with the mixing of the dough announced the last of . the eight comets 1795, and .the next comet by her-ibonnet and shawl, can scarcely be described. and Aunt Jerusha rose from her seat when the discovered by a voman wa3 seen by Maria ;Why, Aunty," they cried ,out, "what's the water was poured among the flour on the in.matter?' You surely were in plenty of time?' board, fully expecting it to run on the floor. Mitchell in 1847. Prof. Mitchell's original Has anything happened?" vestigations and observations have included "I sav, mifiter, don't you mix your dough in-valuable examinations of the nebulie, and much "Nothin;" Aunt Jerusha cooly replied, seatpau?"- - "No, madam, I never use a pan tor pie work connected with the coast survey and the ing herself and smoothingout her dress, cru3t." "Wal, I. deciar, ef thet don't beat me Ex-"nothin has happened, only you furgot ter put , how yer, keep your floor clean; but mebbe yer compilation of the Nautical Almanac. " -- w " - . ! . . Who-is-lhe- re -- ." . . thought-that-theywe- h , 1 1 1 -- 6 - d d -- ifa-marrk-rir I niuch-hutter-- pread I -- -- : . ' . dis-cov-er- n a '.7 e1 1A . 