been laid by her "side. I had one brother left May He bless al those who are engaged in any his way in helping to build up His kingdom. jiearmy home, whom I visited, and from iMARY X. vORBY. . 'window I could'seef.tbeTOom whre my mother the saw old died. I walked round the garden, some that had .been least flowers she planted, at PRIMARY ENTERTAINMENT. raised T from the same roots; I went into the room where she died, an stood upon, the same while Editoi Exponent: spot vhere' her reraaka had been laid ' ' ': and and down sat went, burial. awaiting of a held. at Conference, "Report Primary cried, ''Oh, my mother! my mother!" But, Petersboroiigb on. the 12th inst , in whicll the ' painful as this was, it was much more so to Primaries of Wellsville and Mendbn were visit the place where thi old farm once stood. and took an active part. '; Oh , the agony of grief I felt! The old place Meeting convened at 2 p.m., with an overhad been much altered, but there Were many flowing house, Stake Prest. Jane E. Molen prethings to 'remind me of former times- Another farm-hasiding. After the usual opening exercises, the been built upon the same spot, which, up to the sky, were awfully grand, and had it not been so terrible, would have been truly of, course, was nearly, all strange to mebut programme was taken up with great vigor by the children, all seeming to realize that they not quite all, for the fire had spared a small magnificent. "Look at those pretty white chickens; what back room, which used to be mine, alsoli large wrere engaged in a good "work, a work that was brick oven, where we used to bake our bread fitting 4and qualifying them for the future vcan possess them to fly into the flames to" be for the family; this was all that remained of events that await them. The Spirit of God roasted to, death?" We cannot save them, but we congra tu t a teft he po r horses, vvHcTare in the" the house. 1 wal kelt into the garden, but T prevailed in our midst, tnus causing a genial cannot begin to describe what I felt, but enough taiTdleaTant feding to exis harvest field, and therefore safe. ' . Appropriate dialogue.srrecitations,songs! etc., to make me feel that I would like to lie down WelJ, the fire burned on. It was plainly to were beside mv mother under the large lilac tree beautifully rendered by the children of be seen that it. would not yield until everything the different Associations, plainly-showinthat One stack after another bowl a spot our minister had given us in his garden was. consumed. ' is taken a lively interest, ,. by the presi- being to the devouring element, until all our hay, as for, place. ot ts tor 1 work the the and de-saw the T'rand old elms stilf there, an wel Fas ou r grain, Was gone, for it burn progression and . tender minds of rapidly that nothing culd be removed until it much of the handiwork of mv father's hands velopment of the young wa3 spoiled. It burned all night,' and, 0, the in years gone by. I saw my mother's sweetest the little ones those germs of goodness and to be taught in or alt honeysuckles growing just the same as it 'truth, placed under our care desolate picture that met my eyes when day: 1 the ways of God. was thirty years berore irora the porch and light appeared next morning, I could not deAt intervals through the exercises, the Asso-- f scribe, though Iarj see ital so perfectly. Hunpartly over the root ot tne nouse. ine oia cfations were reported as b'eing in a prosperons dreds of men were'still there, and with their wood had been cut away year by year, and the condition, and valuable instructions given by blackened hands and faces, and drenched new shoots allowed to grow, so that it looked i'ust the samel What 1' felt over all this, none brethren and sisters who were present, each The fire conclothes, looked objects. of pity. tinued to burn lor twelve days, smouldering can better realize than your correspondent of expressing their pleasure at seeing so many W hile I cannot look hack and blazing alternately, for the grain being "lhe UJd iipme. together, with countenances beaming with joy and gladness, and hearts and spirits u'non anv ict of wilful disobedience. br any new, it, took longer to consume. whh to give offense to my beloved But, to return to rav mother. She never reparents, yet blended with ties of love and affection. Had . t T i i r 1,1 covered from the shock, but lingered on for l wished, u, now i wisnea mat i naui striven a firm desire to see the little ories grow up to be men and women of wisdom, of intelligence,, seven years, a confirmed invalid. We all went more than I did to please, them.- - The very to live in the same house with her, and, being thought that I might have served them better of sobriety, of everything that is calculated to the eldest daughter, it was my melancholy duty-- , ennoble, to elevate, to refine, and make themwa3 almost more than I could bear, and manv with the assistance of my sister, to nurse her. dimes since then I have . thought that if I wa virtuous, pureand God like Her decline was very gradual, hut at last the it k hicu uy tuy j eiiiu yea ouu. 11 icuus, Prest. J. E. Molen, in her closing remarks, tuat . time came when we had to call the family they could look upon my dead face without a counseled the children to honor, obey and around her bed, feeling that her time had come. pang of self regret, it is all- - Lwish for. It is their, parents, show reverence, to the She was a very reserved woman, and we did very pleasant to hear the good deeds of our aged, and be kind to all with whom they came t?wctloheara tfeIIorimt3 gone, or in confacTTby so ordering theiFirslieywIll Iast words came "Lord, Jesus, receive my to see flowers placed around theirctiflin or their growup. to be wise and useful, helping in the but does not rolling forth of the purposes of God. u The spirit'. two or three gasps and she was gone." graves all this is We did not realize it until ray father, in a help the dear ones who have left us. vTheJdnd, subject of prayer was also impressed upon their solemn and subdued tone, said, "The Lord sympathetic word, thelittle act of kindness, or minds. By being ferventjjn' prayer, we will even a pleasant look, while living, is worth be in constant communion , with the Holy gave, and the". Lord, hath taken away, blessed be the name of the Lord." Then our tears he- moro than all the eulogy that can be showered Spirit, and thereby elicit aid and assistance in flow to indeed. We. all. imprinted a kiss - gan upon us when gone. - Those whose hearts have time of need. .. . .. n-ner ai read yeoki lorehead-ane- H ch i d rzn --tben- en gs ged : i n-- e i ngi n g We- heen crushed over-an- d over again, hpp.nmp eft her The dav of the funeral enm nnrl wa haA in sensitive and need sympathy-- as much as jrery. they are the childrefi of the Bain ts," and Bro. John one of the food. lay away sweetest and kindest of need their daily If any doubt this, let Kidman pronounced the benediction. ' 1 mothers. them wait until thev have passed through Yours respectfully, o seas r JVith bleeding hearts we entered the meetinj -- of suffering and sorrow. and are readyta say " Maggie B rownT house, and it was with difficulty we could, fix 1 wrth the talmist, 'All thy waves and thy bilWellsville Utah, July 14, 1888. our minds Xipbn the funeral service. I was at lows have gone over me;" let them lay in the lensrth arOUSCfl hv thf. ministpr fpflin(r iKp silent tomb father and mother, sisters and MisafFrances E. WTillard will be fifty years words of Abraham, wr&n his wife Sarah died 4 brothers; in addition to this, let them be called uive me the possession of fi burying place, ' to give back to their Heavenly Father one old next year, arid the National W. 0. T U. that I may bury my dead out of my sight." sweet babe after another, until they are left have decided to celebrate the event. At-thAt the sound or these words rhp.N tears fnished childless and a widow. All this I have passed convention in Nashville last" year, it was resolved- th at she be invited tonvrite herutobio--graphforth afrahJbutT often- - tbrnlcTiowrthat if we" tnroughTrrd "mucfrr with the history of the Temperance had known the Gospel as revealed by the was spared to me, but he does not know his Union during its sixteen eventful years. Miss ' rropnet Joseph, how it would have mitigated motnec, lor is sne not a Mormonr les, thank Willard accepted the invitation, and is now our sorrow; but, thanks to our Father in HeaGod! I am a Mormon, ahd even my love ven, the Gospel has been revealed, the work for my first-borwilf not induce me to draw busily engaged upon the book. Exi for my father and mother has been performed back. I am an imperfect one, it is true, and I rl'he German novelist, George Ebers, lately in the Temple, and they have been reunited know it, but it is my firm tor received a letter from a ladies' reading club in daily study keep for'eternity, and I have" a hope that when I get , hold of the "rod ot iron," which leads to the St. Louis, Mo., their admiration of behind the" veil I shall again enjoy their sotree of life. Since my.home was destroyed by his poem "The expressing Elves." Ebers, in his reply, ciety. fire;! have felt like a stranger in a strange expresses warm appreciation of the tribute When my mother died, our family was scatland, for the feeling of "home" has never enpaid him, adding: "The poet's offering to his tered far and wide; some of them I never saw tered into my breast from that but am I hour, country is his work; his recompense is his again; they died one by one, until nearly are looking forward to the time when I shall be at readers' interest and pleasure." In addressing rest in the everlasting home of the Saints. I your beautiful letter to me, you have given me More than thirty years after I lost thank my Father for opening thes way forme more than I deserve, and, .mother, tny as vou have been so I was seized with an intense longing to see my to come to Zaon, and lor kind to me, I take the Kberty of drawing opening hearts to renative place again,and to visit the t ceive me. of grave closer to you by inclosing my photograph." my mother and those' of my brothers who had May God bless kind friends a hundred fold. esneeialiv to our voun'r eyes. MOh, do bo careful!" "Get out of my way, and don't - hinder me; 1 have no time careful," and and another end man took hold of one took hold of the other end, and standing on the door stone, threw it on the lawn as far as their strength would let them; and so with everything else in the house. .Oh, that dreadful crash.! What can it be? Turning in a moment to where the sound came . from, we were struck with terror, for we beheld the roofs of all the building stables, barn and sheds falling, in together, and the sight was one never to be forgotten. The blood red flames and black smoke shooting to-b- : e --o- ne cart-hous- Jf - ; e, - d " . . g . - ed : ; 1 , - -- -- re-spe- ct ')iiW6f ittfiYlit& veryi-beautifu- - l, tlifr -o- 1 , r -- t e y, " n -- 1 . . Ex. 0-- -- 