WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 44 cr -MEMORIAL: ANNIVERSARY. l its departments.-- ; She its management-iappreciates the opportuniHes given the students Report of the Relief Soicety Meetixo". to hear lectures by famous people, both men and HELD IN THE OgDEN TABERNACLE, JULY ; women, an.d tells us how much she .enjoyod hearMrs; Mary A; Livermore,. who seems to ha ve iilgXHI ing Editor. Last Public Visit and Lvstructions. qf women noted EAfAfELAE B. WELLS, other and her. greatly, .impressed President BriGham Young, on Invita visit to the Quaker poet speakers. She paid tion of President Jane S. Richards, to J John G.' Whi,ttier, who sho.wed her his favorite Terms: Utah in Salt Lake City, Published the Relief Society and Young Ladies' trees at Oak Knollf and told her how much he ad.00. Ten "one copy oneyelry $2JKTbne copy siXTnonths, Improvement Associations of the mired and would like to see the Rocky Mouncopies for the price of nine. Weber Stake of Zion, just Eleven tains, if his age would permit him to travel Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil Years ago the 19111 inst. S h e also visUed :PJy moatti ; with 'a large party of space, one time, 52.50; per month, 53.00. A Jiberal discount : to regular advertisers. 7 Longfellow's home, Hawthorne's orihe-"hous- e (REPORTED BY JOHN M WHITTAKER.) Exponent office, No. 25 E South Temple Street, second "haunts in Salem, brought home pictures froib 1Q J&siuess hours with seven gables' and several other gate'east of Deseret News Offiee. ; Continued.' famed in the legends of New England. places . Address all business com munic.'i tiosiip At vacation Miss Daisie went up into the country v," Brother Richards" Continuing said: To reati PUBLISHER WOMAN'S fApO NENT, ; hills, and wandered over the old farms among'the all of President Young's sermon, would be to oc- Salt Lake City. Utah. and through the woods redolent of pine and hem-loc' full of intercupy all" the forenoon. It of which her grandmother had told her so lie at. These the est. foundation right principles often, and she realized that- - it; was, indejd, very Entered at the JPost .Office in Salt Lake Vity, Utah, as of our education our prowth, and 0 jr usefulness Second Class Matter. beautiful but her own homeVas still more, fair, as could do no better than itfd. ' I felt as though-well as m this portion or part of "the. sermon '.tft(he sisters return to behold once more the grand oh&moun- - now eleven years after he delivered it.' r Jains, ahvay&assoclatea'wilh her thoughts of home Trvi IT be remmtjered thateiabGfed to sus- and loved ones. tain ourselves.; He wished the, sisters to manuThe Deseret University, with its facilities facture hats, and the brethren- to sustain them in their labors, so that, we could become a for education, its 'modern improvements, the deEDITORIAL NOTES. people.- He wished' the brethren to establightful grounds, and the suitable situation, enlish manufactures and;start various industries. closed, as it is, and shaded on all sides, is, indeed, The Industralist, a monthly magazine, pubAnd so strongly was he'irnpressed, that he arose a desirable locality for such an institution. It has lished at Provo, has been improved and enlarged. the second time and encouraged the sisters to It contains many excellent things upon farming, the advantage,' aHo of an able Faculty, and ought raise Mulberry trees and cocoons, so that they to rank high asajseat of learning. r. Officers gardening and domestic matters, and encourages might manufacture silk. Board of Regents are reliable men of ho'teTn the in its columns the building up of the sisters, An organization was effected,-an- d rrand in every departmentloLhome-producH'erntorynd the Chancellor is Orson F. WhitK i t rvnl ctnrt "in t lc rrTvi r r tt i nm f This is the kind of principles to ney, welfand' favorably known' in the intelteoT education. The Officers of the Board, beside the; ' worked well for a time ; some of you have seen teach, as well as to practise, ii utan.is ever to the products of that work. ;" ' Chancellor, Secretary, Treasurer,sExecutive Com Such a paper as the IndusHaving made these few remarks, which will tralist is likely to find favor with the people, and a mittee of three, Visiting Committee, Library and bring more vividly before you the instructions of broad sphere for its circulation, especially among,, Museum Committee, Building Committee. Faculty eleven ears ago and Jiim who delivered them, I those .who depends upon manual labor for their and Board of Instruction: John R. Park, M. D., do not" feel to occupy more time; but wish to say a Presfdent, Natural Science; Joseph B. Toronto OUUIl) anu IT 1IU Cll C lUUMllj IU lilt, OUttUIJ u. few words during some part of the day. With and the increase of home patRegistrar, Mathematics and History ; Joseph. T. " ' the many sisters and presidents that are here, we, ' w ,"Y.' "K i ngs b u ryl hysi cs an d .Chemi stry; Orson-H- o ronage for the prosperity of Utah. s no doubt, will have "many refreshing, cheering ard, A. M., Natural Science and Englisli Litera and profitable discourses.- - I will, now introduce The Sanitarian, recently started in .this city, ture ; Joshua A. Paul, Elocution and. Geography; r "to you SisterTrsendiaKimbalirslster of the new ana eauea as creditable medical journal, and each issue-hDepartment; Geo. M. Ottinger, Free Hand Draw-in- g President, Sister Zina D. H. Young., SisterJKJm ball will address you. and Painting; Evan Stephens, Vocal Music; valuable papers upon someone or more of .the various topics now beingdiscussed by scientists 1L.JV, My brethren and sisters: ram pleased for the' PhT;57Llitin and". as relatirJg to health and hygiene. If there is German; Hon. J. G. Sutherland, Law; Wm. M. opportunity of meeting with you on this occasion. faces of any new light upon the science of life and how to "Stewart, Pedagogies ; Don Carlos Young, C. E., .What is more gratifying than to see the the daughters of Zion rand sons of God meeting, , prolong it, or get more enjoyment out of it, and Architecture and Mechanical Drawing; Alfred how to preserve the little ones from the power of Andre, French; Orson Pratt, Piano and Organ; together to honor, to commemorate and to manifest our respect for our late President Brigham . v MV UV Off VJVry v iywith AVillnrd E. VVeihe, Violin; Florence Crandell, f Saints should Assistant Deaf Mute Department; John Ml Young, who has gone behind the veil. I feel the laws ofnature, the Latter-da- y God for this and every other blessing that avail tbernselves .of. every opportunity to obtain Whittaker, Phonography; Milton H. Hardy, M. I am permitted to enjoy. This Relief Society is -- such D., "Physician to Deaf .Mute Department,' and knowledger No doubt the editors will make 1 rr?rit nf trfpniiw -- n with all the - ne'w nnrl an." Librarian. The academic year is divided into 'a great bei.efit and blessing to the poor and to the.,. r r ry methods rof medical and surgical attainfour terms of ten weeks each. The first term will Bishops. It was' instituted to aid and assist the proved sons and daughters of God; but we do not all apments in the profession, and keep pace with the begin"'September--3rdjinend.jNoyember 9th ; second term begin November 12th and close times. Motners wouia cip wen to react and digest preciate its worth. And those who labor to proall that pertains to maternity, and also to attend mote' these institutions are blessed and will be January 25th; third term begin January 2Sth and blest in every laudable undertaking, and God will lectures upon these, subjects, that 'they may be- - end April 15th; fourth term begin April 17th and come"well Informed upon matters so important feel that Sister close June 14th. Vacation recess will be, Thanksustain them in - their - labors n their-dwten77 to healths and happiand so essential days, including "Richards is"a blessing to the sisters of this sgivingWinter Holidays, ness and that of their posterity. A ,. Christmas and New. Year's. The Annual of the county. And though her Tabors are not nowappf e ciated, they will be some d ay, when this raid from returned D.' Woods Miss Daisie Boston, from the time when the institution was that is now upon us ' is ended, and the beloved t!t Qifurav Tnlv ?i;t- where she h:ul - founded;- - Che first meeting of the first Board of brethren-who -- are vocal at music, andinstrum'ental, held March 13, 1S50, and on the year studying instruct us and preach to us. I ask God to hasten Regents was the New England Conservat(yer teachers second Monday in the November following, the the time and bless them with strength to stand edict a forlier her of ability, anopr speak highly firm at all times. ' University was open for.the admission of students. brilliant success in the profession, if she perseveres There is much of interest connected with the I think the remarks of Brother Richards, and' past in the work. Prof. Daniels, one .of the vocal of the history University of, Deseret., thatls given the counsel contained in the sermon of President teachers there, who visited Salt Lake shortly briefly in the Circular. .The institution has had a: Brigham Young," worthy of imitation. I think her return home, gave her mother and friends .hard struggle in the past, although maay teachers .. the mothers should profit by them ; and those who to .her voice as and have been thorouglily educated thre, but at the "are here, every encouragement past bearing children, will do well to profit by taste, and what she might yet accomplish in music, 'present time indications are much more 'favorable them and teach them to their grandchildren. as well as her dramatic talent, which he thinks e to the requirements necessary ffir a classical .What is there better than to see the children Miss Woods has formed many pleasan course than formerly. Dr. Park and others, who (fought up in" the fear and admonition of the friendships with the pupils at the Conservatory, have labored so diligently heretofore, myst feel Lord? AVhat is more pure and holy than to see and speaks in the highestpraise of the institution. ' more gratified with the present condition. all . working children virtuous and -- and TXT n hXPO NENT: W.OMA :n's -- -- - - . semi-montbl- y, - , ' ' ( "77 ' the-student- -- n-- m . '.; . . . ; , k, ' - 1 : ' . .. - self-sustaini- - of-th- e home-interes- ts home-manufactur- e. e V f- t- -i v-- -- De-co- self-sustainin- g. , home-production- ?, , T pp, : rrrr uyTire-ijrsr-anr- S'chmidt-Wartenper- -- g, -- tr--- v- to--tha- nk 1 d . .1 ; .. . versUy-ivesvery-general-ccount-oHts-history, -- - Vx-e- n thT-nf- -- - ; -- be-fo- re . , God-fearin- g, 