M The Voi. 16. all 'Xations: No. 18. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUARY 1&,..1888. IT BE. SO LET But when I see a furrowed face; With glossy locks above, Died richly, golden, brown or black, Perchance by hands of love, I wonder whence the fancy comes, And ask, with heart cast down, "Why dim the honor age should bring? V hy stain the silver crown?" ycSi-- it - ' - " ' Salt Lake City, Jauuary, Aunt Polly, 1S8S. . 7 My own lock? now are. turning grey' I do not take it hard; fcear forty years of life oh earth Should merit such Teward. And when a few more years have passrd, " And faded all the. brown, When I have earned it, let me wear ' My own bright silver crown. ... & Inter- - Ocean- - ... THE MIND. .; ; , , require me to live in the present and quit the past. But I am thankful for the half Hour I have had with rniy childhood's Home and " -- friends. . v. must be better sol - ' The jarring chord too well I know, 7 Into the anthem, deep and grand, Which my soul strives to understand, It creeps, and drowns the heavenly strain, And wakes to life the old, old pain. y And 'tis not faif that I should bring Its echo in your ears to sing. I thought that I might draw from you A little strength, some pourage true, Born of a friendship nobly blest. Forgive me, triend, God knoweth best, No more my woes shall worry thee; I'll ask not e'en thy sympathy. Ah fat. .Rights of the Women ' ojf JtigMsjMte " -- ,v - The mind is the intelligent part in man? the understanding, the. soul. It is a great power which our Heavenly Father has given us to im in which to prove and educate; a garner all knowledge gained on this earth, for future use. The Doctrine and Covenants teaches tis that' intelligence is theglory of God," -orprrrrther words, light and knowledge. We come upon the earth in a very helpless " SOME DAY. REVERIE, "Some day," we say and turn our eyes Toward the fair hills of Paradise. ?: : fVnrwr . and I am sitting by the fire alone while gazing into the bright flame and glowing to-nigh- t, Some day, some time, a sweet new rest Shall blossom, flower-likin each breast. embers, my mind calls up, oneafter another, fond pictures ot days that are gone, laces and forms of beloved ones of the Jong ago, thoee whom I have loved and whose presence blesses e, Some time, some day, our eyes shall see The faces kept in memory. Some day their hands shall clasp our hands Just over in the Morning Lands. Some day our ears shall hear the song Of triumph over sin and wrong. me no more. I can see in the misty past myself as a little child, surrounded by a band of affectionate brothers and sisters, and the dear parents, whose loving 'protection banished every care from ray - hearts OhHhe little troubles filled my childish soul with woe, to find comfort on my dear mother's lap, to hear the words of consolation that fell from her lips. The troubles of maturer years are not so easily reconciled. How well I remember those, happy days in the old orchard, picking fruit, climbing and swinging among the trees, and later .on, the pleasant strolls in the deep grass. and fragrant shade with dear friends of my girlhood, until "each" particular spot seems- - sanctified witir precious memories. Then, too, memory .recalls' the playful pranks ot hide and seek jii the old rooms, chasing up and down stairs, startingout farkornerith-mie- r other joyous pranks, which the futile mind of youth produces. What merry voices and gay laughter used to fill the old home; but those days passed only too quickly, and separation from home and friends came only too soon; and what changes a few short years bring youth grown to' manhood, and dark and glossy hairs have turned to grey. The old home is occupied by strangers now, and one by one the loved ones go to rest, some in ripe old age, some, alas! in youth and beauty, and others still in budding childhood, and cares and sorrow already wrinkle the brow that then glowed. with light heartedness and joy. In gaziDg into the fire my mind is so busy with the scenes and friends of the past that I fancy myself among them again. I can hear the gentleoice of my darling mother in words of advice and admonition, and the mingled tones of merry friends I loved. I turn from the flame to realize that they are all scattered. Some are happy, loving parents, while others, fate has dealt with Iess kindly, and sone, too, haye wandered from the path of rectitude. Truly life is a chequered dream, an 1 though e friends have passed away, new ones are found, little forms and faces take the places of those who are gone; and the hurrying patter of little feet, and the sound of childish voices, sweet-relief,-wh- xSome day, sometime, but oh! not yet, But we will wait and not forget, , , That some day ail these things shall be. And rest be given to you and me. en , , So wait, my friend, though years move slow, The happy time will come we know. Stlected. -- WHY STAIN THE SILVER CROWN? Above the calm, fair, holy face Of my dear mother shines A halo, which to me the worth And wealth of years combines. The love and toil of many years, Past seventy, and now, Deep furrows cross the once round cheek, And grace the once smooth brow. - -- That halo rich of whitening hair Yet daily seems to grow More glorious, as it changes still, To sheen of purest snow. Ah I let its change be nature's own, No touch of earth's renown; Nor seek to bring the gold tint back Stain not my Mother's Crown - 1 There's now and then a case we find -Of hair that does not bleach, But Why, the Master does not tell, And science cannot teach. Where thus kind fortune deigns to smile, I'd be the last to frown; I think such aged ones, by right, May wear the youthful crown. , . Or where lay weight of time and toil. Of piin, or anxious care,' The natural covering drops off, And leaves the frontal bare; For comfort, and for looks as well, Like donning cloak or gown, "Tis highly proper such should wear A fitting purchased crown. old-tim- fliaf mnst on?ipnf ftf nil But see how the mind iro language, "the cry." of the babe grasps a knowledge of all things passing around it, both in actions and in words; see the great amount of knowledge it gains and brings into active use in the short period of two years; it can walk, talk, and imitate almost every action of its- associates, and make practical use of its knowledge. It has confi dence in the words of older people,' and has no desire to do evil, or to gain riches,. but merely a desire to gain knowledge and ' become great, large and old, as its companions are.. When the child becomes acquainted with its surroundings, its mind is still open to receive intelligence, and if its mind is not occupied in something useful or not useful at home, so as to be contented, it will seek for something away from home, in the street, or wherever it is to be found, good or bad, it mattereth not to the child at this tender age, so satisfies the cravings of the mind, just as food satisfies the U cravings of the stomach. Mydear-sister- s, this is the time to place be fore the minds of our children everything good, noble and of an elevating character, and im- t i t i i euuciuion wnicuis bo necessary piaut iue tuorai And woman in hflgAiA-- lirflpf. man the path of their future lives, for as the ball is directed by the first four feet of its course by its passage through the gun barrel, so, also, in uauoi. vases, oio mu awtiuus ui uicu auu wuiiicu by the training they receive in their youth. God has told us very plainly that parents having children in Zion, or in any of her stakes, which are organized, who teach them not to understand the doctrine of repentance, faith in Christ, the Son of the living God, and of baptism, and' the gift of the Holy Ghost by the old. the sins lavinco on of hands.when eiedit o veara j j will be upon the heads of the parents; and they shall also teach their children to pray and walk - , . i'ar-w&- i" . rv uprightly before the Lord. The morarBducation is by far the most : necessary; it should be as a motive power to direct all our actions; without it scientific knowledge may pfove a curse instead of a blessing. But add to a moral training a thorough education of the arts and sciences, and all other useful knowledge, both mental and physical, then wo have it m our power to do the greatest amount of good, and we are approaching nearer to the perfect man or woman God de- signed us to be. a n welfare, but all do not see nor understand alike. We should not allow our children to spend 