.'n rv ' -- " ' 4 f ! r ' s The .Rights of the Women of 7Aont.andJhe Rights of the Women of -- - - " t.' if. Vol." 17. ril i, SALT LAKE CltY,OTAH, NOVEMBER 15, 1888. ; .something Great. to-da- So from the palace he road away; There was trouble and need in the town that day; A"cKITJ had strayed from hisnibthef s ,side" Into the woodland d,irk aad wide. ."Help !" cried the mother with sorrow.wild "Help me, Sir Knight, to eek my child ! The hungry wolves in the forest roam; Help nie to bring my lost one home !" " , One wintry night when, the sun had set, j - -- '. A blind old man by the way helmet-:"Now, good $ir Knight, for Our Iadys sake, On the sightless wanderer pity take! wind blows cold, and the sun is down; Lead me, I pray, till I reach the town." ; 'J Nay," said the knight; "I cannot wait; I ride in haste to dp something great. -- ' word all4ceere4oF the iong!bT fTghf "Laugh with us laugh! cried the merry crowd. "Oh, "weeplj wailed othra with sorrow bowed. "Help us!' 'the weak and weary prayed. But for joy, nor grief, nor need he stayed. And the years rolled on, and his eyes grew dim, ' And he died and none made moan for him. . as is embodied in the wonderful 'granite of which this building is being erected. It has already cot over $2,000,000. Its foundations .are sixteen ieet thick: its walls eight feet of tliis solid sparkling granite; itgpillars," are of solid stone. partitions and even its iloors The carvings on the outer- - walls represent the ' ' M sun, moon, and stars. - The most important structure connected with business is, the Zion. Jf?rca . tileTiustitution, familiarly known as the Z. G. JI. I. are initials that become familiar, as theyare not only olu everyticle6r"fnr disc, but on the badge of all branch institutions in other Morruon towns. One hundred and fifty employes are needed to conduct the bnsines which amounts annually to" nearly $5,000,000, and which includes,beside-the salesrooms, a shoe factory a tannery, a clpthiug raaiiufactury and drug store. It was the intention at first that every member of the church should be a stockholder. Gradually the stock 'has passed into comparatively few; hands, but it is still conducted according to the same principles. It point3 withpride to , the fact that it never makes "a corner " Not long since every ilore in the city was out of a '. Go-operati- Co-op- The oldest residences in the city are of adobe and thesr plastered and are by. no means unpleasing. Tlie building3.first used for Mormon worship Brigham Young's residences, by a quaint, rude, high wall of cobblestones and mud, and this still partly standing gives the city quite a foreign appearance. In this enclosure is the tithing office, which1 includes ..a huge market for the sale of the produce which is brought in as the voluntary contribution to the service of the church the restitutiou to" Jehovah of his share. This method has its advantages.. Many persons in otlOr denominations religiously vote the tenth of their substance, and attribute their worldly prosperity to this observance, just as- the Mormon does. When a whole church 'follows " this custom it has thisad vanv tage: there is no begging' or dunning, or .int. debtedness and the contribution box is un. vine-covere- d co-operat- ng are-surrounde- d " - y elm. and-includi- ' No. 12. . . He shook her hand from his bridle rein: "Alas ! poor mother, you ask in vain. Some meaner succor wilLdo, maybe, Some squire or varlet of low degree.- There are mighty wrongs in the world to right; I keep my sword for a noble fight. -- I am sad at heart for your baby's fate, - But I ride in haste to do something great.'' H is Each block, contains ten acres, and the' city is watered by channels through which a creek h conducted. The, Mormons ajways mark their residences with trees. Their old farms in, Missouri and Illinois are pointed out by the locusts that they "planted. So all through the valley their towns are beautified with shade, and in Salt Lake City many of the homes are em powered in the docust,. the , ended the vigil past; All clad in lib arms was the knight at last. The goodliest knight in the whole wide land, U ith face that shone with a purpose grand. ' The king looked on hint with gracious eyes, And said, "He is meerfor some high emprise.'' ;To himself he drought: I will conquer fate; I will surely die, or da something great." So on he rode in "his armor bright, ' tural point its "full value. TKe trial was .. f " ... all Xations.y . : certain article, except the Co-owhichnup-plie- d 6theiitnout-iidvancingthe7price.the The city possesses churches of every denomination, including the Joseph ites, who are Morp, - : The St. Paul's Episcopal church is an attractive sight, being covered with ivy. The whole business part of t and handsome. the city i3 solid, -There are long streets of reidencartitic, spacious, with large'yards and exquisite flowers and shrubbery, This way of being Jndepend- en trot t h e: clou dj? and ma ki ng--t he-ea t will along the stone canals which thread the city ensures abundant verdure and fruitage, with a difference. mons known. Behind th is wal I with its m assive gates is the office of the Woman's Expones, a paper that reflects great credit on the literary and poetic -- ability -- of iteditorEmmlmeB; ' ZL Wei Is.' .. :. -- T well-buil- The houses of the prophet, named the "Bee . Hive,T aifd the EioTu IHousefrpm'He'76rna' ments over them, are Here, and between these are the church offices. vThe office of the Deseret Xeios, for many years the only journal especially where the sky is as clear and the sun between San Francisco and the Missouri river, as bright as in Utah. lie missed the good, that Je might have done, block. ' Next to the "Lion 13 in the same Liberty Park was the property of Brigham He- missed the blessings he might have won,, House" the old wall stretches across the street lYoulog, but waa. bought of his heirs for public V Seeking some glorious task to find, and an archway through which carriages pas, usei It is a mile around, and of its several His eyes to allhumbler work were blind, artesian wells, one is decidedly sulphurous, and is called the "Eagle Gate," from the bird He that is faithful in that which is least, which spreads its wings above. We pass is much esteemed. Is bidden to sit at the heavenly feast; The Exposition, building, which was ap Yet men and women. lament their fate, through this to go to President Young's grave, is a fine structure. The which is in a private lot fenced around by an proaching completion, U they be not called to do something great. t 'i.i: louiiuiijgs ure burruuuueu it i.i iuy iron railing. The gravels also enclosed in the pUDHC.SCnoot Selected, lovely green sward and ornamental tree3. same manner and covered by a massive granite There are but few saloons, and the streets are slab of many tons weight. There is no inscrip.: PICTURESQUE UTAH. tion and no head stone. The graves of five of noticeably clean. The Mormons are opposed c : v , his wives are in the same enclosure, and are to the u:e of liquor and tobacco. They have In 1 847, Brigham Young, with one hunmarked with the names: Mary Ann Angel no rule against it but their MWord3 of Wisdom," dred. and forty two adherents ended their long it.- - H -- ,1. TIIo discountenance it, and "these are regarded in :f.-- o.nnfn Aslomr. lirsii WllV), luama vuuu, xjua gluts' iiuguaia and toilsome journey acrosl the plains, at the all the affairs of life. There - were no saloons Snow; Mary Van Gott, ppot where Salt Lake City now stands? It "W "Ho much "of tragic' history lie3 silent in these" in Utah previous to the incoming of the Gendevoutly believed by .the Mormons that their graves. Eliza Snow, who; is" revered as & tiles, Intact-- to the absence of these, and leader was .divinely guided in the location of saint, was the widow of the their" twin sister, the Salt Lake Tribune, ?ix prophetess-an- d ZionTViewmg tfreeauty and fertility pf'.thiaT Prophet Joseph pmrt, as was Zina p7Young,r year3 ago apparentlyTattributed the devotion to basin it must look even more probable who is still livings and is second only to Eliza their faith; forHt said what was wanted "to than when this was an arid desert where eleven Snow in the hearts of the Mormons. She is educate the Mormon hoodlum wa3 the introsaloon and, the brothel. It is a' plows hares were broken in th e attempt to.tu rn universally called Aunt Zina. To Eliza Snow, duction of the the first furrow. Z.i::JlJL who wasa.poet-o- f no mean rank, is attributed sorry fact that ab held-by therepresen-tative- 3 these institution k stiU Along the eastward sid e of th s pi ain are the thfirstrrunma Wasatch mountains, and on the west the element in the God head, and of this leading paper, for on calling the her.poem voicing this thought- is one of- - the favorite devotional 4uIlxhjrange.jE is spread out before the observer from Prospect , had been formerly taken, he replied; "Well, it in use at this period. hymns Tower, a sightly point of.viewnorh of the town,, Tha Tabernacle, Assembly JIall, and the ha3 educated them to some extent; itha3 given which brings in a harvest of dimes to its enthem some good horse sense." Gardo House were mentioned in the last letter terprising builder. Mountain, lake and distant Hearing from these people,- to whom we were The Temple is the central point of interest. fields add their brauty to that of the city lying Its corner stone was laid in 1853, and, knowing talking: temperance and purity, their laments at our feet, with its hundred miles of streets, what the architecture v: of this ;fiountryfwas-a- t that they could not keep the saloon entirely and every avenue a' hundred and that date it seems strange to find- a design of fromitheir midstj we inquired, ' Why not, seeWentj eet wide allowing each fine arehitec- - such marvelous simplicitjr,beauty and grandeur ing the Mormons are in the majority, the in city itf-m- m : . - - -- . -- - i - . . - ' A ii . ; to-da- y 1 . - h- . - -- z tree-line- d -- 