WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 95 .4 : Suffice to say we had a splendid meeting, the ONEIDA STAKT3. r had,. the not in on U3.a3, yielded crops coming Spirit of the Lord being with both speakers The . Relief OneldaStake tho near p? be Jive unto. Society God, very fui-"we should and hearers. After meeting wTe go with the held their annual conference bf at our Franklin, Sept. President of; the RelierSQciety, and other lives, humble and prayerful etrery day 13.88, Prest. ?i JClizabeth Fox. - presiding. us pass by." sisters whom she invited to'her home. We have," '.iHaUfeLiiug&sht After the exercises fcisters Hawks' Sothe opening Relief , of Mary. blessing besides partaking of the Spoke and Mary J. Hendricks were set;, apart as a good sociable time Was th'aPriesthood. much to were of pur hostess- - We stayed all nigh cieties very - counselors to Prest. Fux7'"".'. '7" : ' hospitality ness here the the see to .i2L-j h ere. ..V-- plain , among' ple'aed The Presidents iffe're 1 7ward3"ga veof d the" E people; hoped 13th 'J Tin their go over divjde into Gentile which favorwere verbalreports very When we finally reach the top vised parents to .make their homes pleasant Valley . able; ; and attractive and keep their children home at of those hills, the views we have of Bear Coun. M. Hiiwks said: should be "we not nirdit-aRiver are Grand in the extremei I.thiuk every they knew not the wickedness and sin ashamed to bear We n a are our. -in our' midst. Hoped (the testimony. soul who beholds them cannot but acknowledge that is going-oblessed peej)leye,siioTil'd attend -rnodestaud virtuous in of an A1lTri5CftralorT? l'ovF-v- p young and learn useful '. things." habits and associates. go do.vn into the valley, and arrive in time v their dress, conversation, J to motto was Hendricks; Her ol"v.l: listers the. of to .hold meeting necessity being 1! on Urged, upon the haVi all times. Felt" a.t: humored to anuointed contheir and washed Valley- - Ward, eat dinner with the President of preparatory-thave ben in to ''plural marriage," bring up the Relief Society, after which we travel on to fineraent as it is a great blessing to both mother arid daughters in the same. Related her sons Jiormon Yardandputupwitkour former . and child. -.'. Bore dreainr a" faithful daughters testimony. co laborer, Sister Ann Hale, in this stake. Celestial Marri-- . We of theprincipal T""Swke F. Coun.M. to address fe)t Cowley pleased received a kind welcome, and put up for tho age," what a blessing it was for men to have the ' to sisters; to mothers spoke ... - : encouragingly more wives especially if they were like Sister nights ' teach them and 1 i i everything h t timely good. Tli sJb e qjt t b a-- S a h b a t h d a y w e a t Hytle and Vilate Kimball who had been so -Dwelt r tended school this morning.' T he Superin- - ' 'kind aud generous to theiHstaQds 6'hildren, - of iamities should Ire ho stand at head the teuuent is iirotlier Sul Hale, Jun. We were and family. Hoped we would be kind to the sd in carefu the! " actions. r much pleased wi th the .exercises and the good r: poor aud theaged a3"i(r was ad read ful thing" very m-- , 2 W. Praver bv p. Sunday, Singing. order of the briglitTintelligeut looking children. to he poor aud old. It is they who , need our Li. buimnir. was Webster, t feacramen then Iir 1 i tt le w hi e after schoo hlneetihwaa P" aid and sympathy .and not- Prpyed - administered; minutes of held owing "to the people being so previous conference God to bless the sisters of Sanpete with His ad rt and, approved. After "tlie" opening of the meeting and choicest blessinpal: Sister Richards felt to exhort usto lay sacrament had been administered, the bishop ; building up of His work. all pride,'"and 'train the minds of our aside us the opportunity of occupying the time gave Sister M. W. Snow Spoke: Was highly so much time iu adorniig not children; spend , pleased with the instructions we had received tlwir btwly, but adorn their minds wilTriruTli" needed a of the Relief Society this afternoon; hoped we would carry them aud in and virtue bless will old they the. dormer president, S. Richards, having you your out. Knew- that the spirit of the Lord had cherish and leani -- w i th : to age; r enio vexl . -- -f h e orga nizat ion w charity, forgiveness been wjth the. sisters during - conference. Al "all men and the lord will forgive whom he Sister Julia Pond President, Jane Bolwiukle ways enjoyed meeting with the sisters of this will. Iusi. the fluty- - e Relief Soeiety to aiid7Ae8"HOTicCr)FDloWrAVTliad a good- -7 Stake; ved al - wh o oved " t he Lord; While administer to the needs of the poor. We visit the day out .vith our friend, Sister Hale, sitting and listening she had thought of the have been iustructed to " lay up grain ; we shall t an d stayed 1 h e n ighV'her blossom he called gooduess in making feed loth. Our teamster- - says, all aboard for upon to many people from alf as the rose. How necessary it wa3 for Mothers we nations. Dp keep all the commandments Oxford, so, bidding our friends a hearty goodto set good examples before their children; if ? us we would think or as be I not not; given bye and thanks lor kindnesses, we. take our that should they errthey cannot say "mother we are But the time when wilPcnme ""d " did ep'ar fufer fi'oiuliispretiyr littl e al leyT """W that." " How esseh tial it " is for Zion will arise and shine-fpu- t a . way everydysat Qx theinjto is ai.d evil the bless will that Lord us. thing meeting at 3 o'clock p.m. Here we put up at of imitation. Spoke in relation to the Alanti Sister Clark saidr "what is a mother in M. J. Hendricks, our second-- counselor, she Temple and how the Spirit had been, working; Israel L!:It istolteachltheir in1 place of Sister Ilaler who aving-beenut what a great work had been going on for "the and example. We must brinrr ourselves' was honorably" released, oiving to her having, dea(k Spoke of the sisters being baptised for in subjection to the laws of God. If the older, other local duties to attend to. JSVe had a - their good health; if. they would go in faith what a classes will serve the Lord we will soon lead here with the the of jsisters Relief meeting blessing - it would be to them. Knew that the yoftng into the path of duty.'' Spoke Society. We also had a , few- good remarks every principal we had been taught was from with powef of the great blessings she had from Bishop Lewis and Patriarch Miip Andrus. -- .God, even the principal o f " Celes tial Marriage;' : to encouragelie skters ulito" We stay here al night. ZTZz: we should never allow ourselves to speak lightly faithfulness. lGth. Sister Hendricks now accompanies us of it. Prayed God to blessj strengthen and L. L. Hatclafmade a few remarks, to Marsh YaiJey. We hold meeting at 2 p. m. Bishop : help us all to do right. we praying that might be able to put' into at Woodland, and at 0:30 in the evening, at Prest. M. A. Hyde had been greatly" inGarden Creek. Stay here all night. practice whafwe had heard to day. terested in the remarks, aud also the reports. Fox Prest. Elizabeth have said: 17th. Hold meeting at Nine Mile at 11 a. had ''we 1 hough t the sisters deserved great credit for an "enjoyable time; our wcietjes, are a blessirig m.t after which we return to Oxford, having their industry and perseverence. to the poor." Do not be lothful in doing traveled about sixty-fivmiles since we left here. What beautiful times we are living in for 18th. This morning we leave Oxford to go" good."- Desired the sisters, to be dilligent in a faithful Latter-daSaiur. Spoke of the attending to the duties that devolve upon them, to'CiiftOn, and I must say the mountain scenery good times they used to have in early days, Singing, Jieuediction ;by .b. 11, Parkinson. on our right is beautiful indeed; the rich exercising the gifos, prophesying, comforting the Axnh: Hatch Sec. autumn tints of the foiiagerhaveTd M seento funk ofi u : ... : i on thi3 bench appreciated Jlhe dwelling-houseSister Kimball giving the I interpretation. STAKeT TRIP AROUND ONKrDA have the grand old mountains for a Closing" remarks were .made by, Prest; and quite & long stretch of meadowland in Dear Editor Exponent: Canute! Petersen, Related same- - of-tex- "frout jrHimjke.'j;it a lovely situation for perience he had had in his early days; of the 1 wish to a gre you snort skch of our trip' homes. We hold meeting here at Clifton at . goolnes of God to him, and the gifts and around. the Uneiaa otaKe or Aion. Un the 1 2th 1 0:30 a. m., alter whieh-'-ourfriend'a kiudlr. : - o'ssing. he had enjoyed. Exhorted the sisters of rpctober'Tnyself and" SisterTAlary Havvkes, iu with refreshments.'" We afterwards to continue in their be from and Franklin work, helpgood by fam to continue our journey on .to Weston, where we ' Creek Mink:.to hold to meets to their husbands instead of with the are tm hold meeting at 4 p. in. We arrive in go meeting 0 all the good they could in helping to Relief 2 Societyat 3 the andoflc(jurse time, and are. "pleasedr to find a goodly dumber v .1 carry on the elorious work. brethren were not excluded, it Demo twent'v. of the mtm gathered, and also- Bihop Clark and ih at cooiid erihl iirxd TOdlMiieribrHh eadxjrom the :;Prest. of the mi les from Frankl at K Assnrifltinn Kir f Jnttrr Prttorcan ftWirr. the distance rising; higher and higherr till we SisterClarlLi, Presiden t of the .7 .gQhJIy-Fathe-r we are entertained in the appear to be right on the mountains. We think evening with benediction. Conference adjourned to meet none but tha toiling, -- industrious Idrmons a selection nice of music on the organ by their at Spring Zwould makeikrnis and homes herevr. Rut here City Dec. 1,5, 1888, at 10 a. m., daughter,-Mi5Ciarkjr";r-". Re gisters have on hand in cash: $810.13; we are on time, with sharpened "applitites to do lUth. ,We leave' here this morning for Q iroperty, Sl,66.89; in Real Estate, $8,786. justice to lunchj)rqvidey4iister Rosettbatirar Preston, our meeting to be held at 11 o'clock 'yo; in Wheat, 8,147 bushels 47 Mul- where to then we and are to meeting, a. m. There was also a good attendance of the pleased pands; TEud a --good turnoutTof thesfeters, and also- the ;"y trees 572. sisters, here, and Bishbp V; CV Parkinson, who Mary A. Hyde White, Sec. bishop and others ofgjiie leading brethren. gave us good instructions Idurihg our meeting.: , - ; - r tiie-gre- at : -- te -- : t , . s 6ur-4uk4l- girl-WonM-h- work ftg thB-iiaiidi- e., - . " . . - ; o of' - at-so- . Lr 4euhbridmfte me 1 : 1 , .' c' ; 1 a-- the-ric- h. 1 scat-lere- . d. ' . . - . ast-ffectet- l . of-th- 1 " of-G- the-des- od ert to-da- y. childreii-by-prece- pt -h- . . - . 1 . . .;- - ; , e y 'bT " - s back-groun- d -- he -- coun-elors,"Starte- ' -, d . help-eats- . '.'I'll p--r- n-, 1 . -- r1 jetteiasr , ,- l : - Relief-Society,-whe- re thouthat-ywelle3tt-etc- . - - 