WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 118 shores over twohundred" years ago,whofdl on their knees on the Plymouth Rock, to give thanks for their safe arrival: these people also fell on their knees to render thanks for their escape from their pursuers. Yet they have beeif persecuted in many forms since, and yet are not free from persecution; still they" livepindhavernadethardesolate land bud and blossom as a full blown rose, of many " ' colors. ' Please accept my best wishes, as ever, Meeting then adjourned for one week, to meet at Sister M. Y. DougaK's. Closed by singing ''Providence is over all." Benediction by Lizzie . A. Pavis. - Refreshments were then indulged in, and the evening passed in a very pleasant and successful ' ".. manner.' . Vickie Clayton, Ass't.Sec. ' NEW YORK LETTER. - -- " peace au.Lhtppiness." Emilia IX Madsen made a few remarks; said should acknowledge the hand of the Lord in all things. ' Bro Wixutn said;, ''In receiving the Gospel we become initiated iu the relationship' of Christ. Jesus said, Who is my brother. aud my sister?, Those who terve me iu righteous- we . ' ---' - !. n - IT rrinriiA ti K t r k f lua trfr rv r 1 tiriilfrin. of the world does not understand. A few women have been to Salt Lake' City, for the purpose of P v,m J.eciures jonJheir jet urn, and these only -falsified lacts for a .selfish purpose, Allow me to s iy, the contents of your little I J nrt . it t e ' ! Exponent are exceedingly entertaining. " ' Among the several weekly papers I receive, it is dicu sed a hxT treasured Maty ladies who have read it have changed their ideas from horror to a fiiendly na ture towards the Mormon women. The Constitutional' Convention is ji wise movement at thi time ; place in line, with free and equal rights, as a - ' ' State. The Mormon people, who were driven from their homes on account of their belief as a religious sect, founded on the same book, and representing the same principles as the various church sects ana creeds Dut these various sects and creeds have ever, disagreed from the first organization, of divisions, from the time of the Christian dynasty. The rights of individual religions have been; fought, and the followers persecuted, tortuied and murdered as the Mormons have been driven from their homes, through forests, ;ry . 4 Editor Exponent;, rv ilu rv 1 n frtAnrlc tf ltpt ' if- K your associations, especially to the Mormon women; u nas upeneu 111c eyes uj muse wuu iavc pciuscu it to a better understanding of the Morm ns' re- - .. mtn I state, as though they were wild beasts of prey, men pursuing them, and they fleeing before the pursuers; women- with infants in their arms and vouner chi dren following as thev- could sleenirnr .f night hideous with their howl, or on the praries where insects, serpents and lizard- crawl around them, still listening to theclicklof the rlfleTtTthT nana of their pursuers. Alas! what do the priests, guides and Levitesdo under the term, free and independent national laws? Drive ionocent religionists (like fifth those of the century) fleeing in search of a home and peace. They were cast into prison, and shot even-iprison walls, as though theyv were Beasts wild of prey. Such is'orthodoxy, and yet is dead it not ; it still struggles to live, yet fast approaches its destination of dedth. ' At length they came out of the forest into a desolate plaia; no green grass, tree or shrub to welcome them with a smile, or greet them with the wave of a bough; the earth was crusted over, as far as the eye could extend, with a carb onous white substance, with- - a scattering of sagebrush the only indication of life. ; These persecuted people, citizens of a Republi. can freedom and liberty, forced on, .came to a entrance between two massive, loftymountains; it appeared to them like a large gate thrown open for their reception and protection, by the Great Spirit whom they worship. Within this space was no tent or cabin, no stream of the bright, sparkling water ot life to refresh their weary and torn bodies; they settled upon this desolate spot, as the ancient Pilgrim who landed on our eastern for three months. Singiug, "0, my Father, Thou that dwellest." "7 Benediction by Susannah IV Booth. Imilia D. AIadsen, Cor. Sec. Conference The quarterly conference of the belief Society ot l3iX Elder Stake convened in the Tab' rnacle at Brighara City, D c 1 Uh, 1887, Prest. Harriet Snow presiding. After Kinging the hymn, V'Ouce raor we come before Thee, Lord,'' prayer was offered byCouii. Wjderborg. 'Sinking. "What Wa witnessed in the heavens." Brest. Han let Snow made a few opening re- marks. . J " ::: ;. j. Ciun Susauuah P. Booth spoke-atso- me length upon the duties of mothers; encouraged all to be energetic in performing all their dutfesT St S te :': :- - - rdy, from Wi lap City, reporte f their SpuktL in loving terms verbally. -Presi lent. Related a dream; how the Lori showed her to be contented iu her circum- " r-- Ha 1 1 stauces. Sister JensenoOIantua, said: " We ought to I be sati-fie- d with our lot wherever it is ca-tused to think it ever I should hare my hojne kill and husband with others, it surely-woulh in I the principle of me, but now ive lived Cele-tifor eleven years, Lfiudfjny-selluarriage and satisfied." happy Sister Faunie Graehl: 4iI feel well to be one with ray sisters, and always feel that the testi7 . mony of my elder sisters is true." 4I Sister Albtrtsen .of Bear Kiver' City: have a testimony for myself; we should be true ', and honest iu all things." Prest H. Snow moved , we adjourn till 2 v o'cloek. . Beneetc. Singing, "Come, come, ye Saints," diction by Prest. Mary Andersen. . d f al Afternoon session: Singing, ''Praise ye the Lord." Pniyer by Eiuilia " D. '.MadaeiK Si ug ing, "God moves in a mysterious way.-- ' Couu Widerborg: "The, subject touched u pon this morning, the .organization of : the lie et henKiaf r trdrrotrt-- 4 rightly." Related au incident to show how much comfort we have received many tim-- s iu " 1 1 icjelyaraaiUmerAV meetiug together, in our trials Rep(rteil the Scandiuaviau Society. "They have, by gather iug together their small" units, gathered from the old couutry"ejghteen persous. l am thankful for every day ..we can feel that our whole heart is in the service of God." Prest. Mary Andersen: "I realize that if we y n have the, Spirit of the Lord it matters riot if we say little or much; it will comfort some one. If we earnestly .search ourselves we wilJ have - l' pleuty to do with No Prest. Watkius jspoke of the trying circumstances many are placed in at the present time, and the death of Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith! "Let us try to carry out the instructions she b.8s given us." - " ne.--s. "" - to-da- "" BOX ELDER aTAKE. 1 j S., Y. L. M. i. A. & P. A. REPORTS , - -- . . Gentile 'Friend. I have been so much engaged in humanitarian work, that i ha Jt neglected to render due thanks for your valuable litde paper, although its interest - 7 January ist, 1888. My Dear Bro. E. A. Box encouraged Jjie dstersr teaching each other; our duties to our children cannot. too often be mentioned; we should know what kind of company our children are keep- ing. "Let us be- alive to our calling; when we come in contact with' one who is weak iu faith, - Sister Cordon: "I am thankful that I have a standing in this Ciiurch." Bor; a strong testimony to the principle of celestial marriage. Sister Susannah Facer: "My whole hearis in the kingdom ot God; we know we are in the hands of t ie Lord; we know we are trying to serve Him, and our enemies say we shall uot, but if we try to live before the Lord right daily, He will stand by us; persecution is good adjourned SAN JUAN STAKE. The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of the San Juau Stake, held at Btuff, .Dec. 4th, 1887, Prest- Jane M. VValton 'doy to the world." Prayer by Bishop Jens Nfeilsou. Singiug, "Torn from our friend." Prest, Jane Walton made a few opening re of .hold have marks; wa glad-tutr conference; would, like to visit the several branches in the takuii3sooniis opportuuily-off'ere- d; was sorry there was no one to represent t h el iff re it wa rds ptesen t.. TiTTuTeToPJt he previous conference were then read and approved, and the officers sustained. ' Prest. J. M: Walton' reported the Bluff Ward; believed that there was a good "feeling aud confiamong the siters; site had dence in them, all; she hoped aud trusted the Soci ty would prosper. Said that they had mfjev to bay grain, and' hoped that some. time, they would have a place to put it in. Spoke of the principle of plural marriage,1 and said she had a testimouy for herself that it vyas 1 - presid-ing.Singin- g, the-pr;vikgc o i . " full-lov- true... e .. " 1.,.. Prest. Josephine Wood reported the Primary of Bluff; said that the children were doing as well as tliey could; felt willing to do all she could to help .them. Prest. Julia Butt said she had had no opportunity to visit any of jhe Primary .Associations, b u 1 1 h oug h t t hey we r': d 01 n g - we I . Sister Betsy Burnham represented the Burn- ham Ward; said they all felt well and were doing well. Prest. Margaret Niel-o- n represented the of Bluff Young Lad(s Ward; said they were doing as well as could be expected.N. Jones Mary spoke, and said she felt like all the Wished that the' doing good she could. young would put iu practice all the good counsel that he. I been given duringxamference. Believed the sisters took great interest in their " - - meetings. Coiiu. Kisten Nielson said she could not express her feelings as she would like; she knew there was a treat work to perform. Coun. Maggie Walton said she felt to do good and improve, and hoped the young ladies would be humble and prayerful anl keep the word of wisdom, and store their minds with useful knowledge. Sister Martha Hammond said the sisters of the Mancos Ward were storing up grain, and felt that the brethren were sustaining them. Sister H. Barton" said she wished to teach ' - her children correct principles; thought our hushands should encourage us all they could. Prest. F. A. Hammond telt that we. had been hat the Spirit of the abundantly blear, Lord had been with' us. He hoped there was no sister but what had her name enrolled in the Relief Sech'ty, a tsd all the young ladies. Was pleased' to live to. see the time when " 