 v . The Rights Vol. - - . ,. ,.!, of the Women, 10. S A LT of-ZioJ- , - -  and the Rights, , of the 'Women i, LAKE CIT Yy UT All; APK II; LOVE'S WAYS. By some here create, Or hereditary hate, bliss whose or strife some Or glance Was the climax of a life, Though its last dumb witness falls With the crumbling of these walls. CHRISTIAN WRIGHT.' Two paths hath Love for entering lovers', feet, . i - . anu iair ana very sweetj... vna one is' j iurwau e art And every grace 01 sang ana iiower natn; The other is a straight and narrow path Where stone's and brambles choke the bitter way, And songs it hath, but never one is gay.- And some who enter are with roses bound, And some with thTornst but none may go uncrowned; And yet, both ways are thronged with eager feet, . And. voices, gay and sad, chant Love is sweet. " r v." 'i . l.t -. vision of a talented, lady-likwoman coming as' the fruit and representation of a system against which no accusation, or denunciation is considered unmerited. The audience did not need words so. much as a true- object lesson, that would contravene And nrc'conceived notions. flll o j Such a. lesion they had in the person a ul demeanor bf the lady that came before them as delegate; and when her review of the work of the women of Utah was finished, there .was scarce a person in the audience that did not in their feel that probably they were, f notion about Mormon ism and Utah women, and .all 'that was charged against the Latter-HaSaints; at all events, here is something very love-ti- e sweet-minde- ; '. thpir-ill.iiulfT- . . CORRESPONDENCE. Washington, D. C, March 31, 1888. Wells: e As che Woman's Exponent seeks welll informed on all current events appertain- trig rtanhe woman-cause, in rpo-arto the Woman's" International Council now in nroorress here.. - You will doubt- less have other reports from accredited correspondents, but it will do no harm to see things through more than one pair of. eyes. This Council will be regarded as an important epoch in the progress of the woman cause. So many women . coming together, from all parts or the world,- animated Dy a single to-b- E-DYINGJiOUSE. y T diileren tjronijvhatwe t'xjcjted This great. Council "of women will' lorm an epoch m the history of their cause. It serves to unify all branches and departments of their; work, whether reformatory, educational, indus- f k;i o yTi r j imilinff together, they feel, as never before, their com- prehensiveness, depth ana power; iney oegin 10 realize their identity and significance as an integral and independent factor of humanity. T'Koxr fool tnn tViof tVi&v n misjinn in ro. V"V,J iVU, lation to the development ot the race of which onlv glimnses can -- be obtained, but which is profoundly important to all. If the meek are ViA tVipf snirit. tr inkorif v WMV wnmfln v vui vuj it:v iaj nnlv luuvi i j ,uii j ortrfVi born upon tlie earth thit will bring that meekness. The glory of earth, with which man has5 always sought to crown himself, comes down, to U3 from an age of materialism and physical T" : -- . 1 BY T. W. HIGOINSON. She is dead; her house is dying: Round its long.desertod door, From the hillside and the moor, Swell the autumn breezes sighing. Closer to its windows press Pine-tre- e boughs in mute caress; JWjnd-sown seeds in silence come, and Root, grow, and bud", and bloom; Year-byear, kind Nature's grace and shields her dwelling-placWraps. She who loved all things that grew, Talked with every. bird that flew, Brought each creature to hef feet . . With persuasive accents sweet: Now her voice is hushed and gone, Yet the birds and bees keep on. , that' of elevating and liberating womanhood in all its.. life relations has given to each a sell consciousness 01 mission ana Junction in- the world's work and destiny that , she never had before; , and all will go forth baptized anew in the enthusiasm and inspiration that brought them hither. .... that the people a not little It is singular Latter-daSaints, claiming to be known as should be able to present such a record in behalf of woman's development and enfranchise ment as was given to the Council by Emily S. saints Richards, delegate from the .Latter-daWoman s Associations 01 Utah. I he presenta tion of woman's work as exemplified by the Vi - ,, -- frrw fllwftVS ifa iififlnrpa ThavA" ' v"fci" hp.P.ti - - Collated j along, with those laws whereby the struggle of life insures the survival of the strongest. In y .' - Utah Association, was moat, effectively . d one; though perhaps the effectiveness of the pre sentation arose in '.part from fortuitous circum The presiding officer, Harriet K. stances. s Shattuck, had, in introducing the several assigned to the Tuesday morning session, Tailed to announce the" delegate from Utah un- - -- TirtexcnsttitmiisaU 1 , m sr. frRt i il u ) Jl-1.- : -- wanare lor euuai uLuw auu unvucra, nuu. yeUin. that short period the civilized world, with its laws and customs, has , Deen greatly modified in her interest." Her rights, person and property are much greater than .they were iorty years ago, ana m n.ugiauu iuo progress of the woman cause i even greater' than it is : , , -- 1 - ' e , - 1 . close-locke- - . 7 . US Probablv this trivial Circumstance added a4 fchade of intensity to the evident embarrassment of the delegate as she, .manuscript in hand, greeted the vast throng. No other delegate to this great convention looked out" upon this vast, ampmtneaire 01 utyrueu iaue, mm in this There have been over a country. such an enforced self consciousness of being thousand women from abroad in attendance oh an obiect of scrutiny, with confidence and wel come, held in abeyarlce. Unfortunately, too, workers will give new- impetus to the cause in the papers of the same morning, the ques tion of Utah statehood had been discussed in everywhere. .Among so many noble women it would-bconnection with an unfavorable report from the Senatorial Committee having the matter in' impossible to do' justice to individuals, for each one is deserving in some way. Mis3 Anthony charge. - Evidently the delegate" felt, fully arbiconscious of the unfavorable bias under which is the executive force and parliamentary she appeared, an4 this consciousness, adQd to ter of. the Council. Mrs. Stanton and Lucy Stone sit crowned with all the honors of materthe evident delicacy,; purity and- womanliness of hfr personality and character,' served to nity and paternity in relation to the suffrage Clara Barton is the practical disarm hostile criticism; neutralize. narsn juug-- movement. i3 ment. and win to the speaker and her cause a, philanthropist; Isabella Beecher Hooker the and 'energy and respect. Had woman statesman with large degree is the suave Foster defiant to execute; Mrs. J. Ellen Emily Richards been a strong-lungewoman-oratorshe might debater, and when aroused becomes the wild, and brazen-throatehave created a sensation, but this efiect would impassioned orator carrying the house away in have been valueless as compared with the a torrent of applause; Laura Johns of Kansas -- et lt n luu Lreiiiua tvuu BJi.in ui mu.ii. Only forty years have women been waging a where upon she apologized to the immense audience for the. oversight, and introduced Emily S. Richards as such delegate from Utah. . reign on earth; the greatest of all is to be the servant of all. Women feel that" they "must life ia control the laws and customs-wherebrenewed upon the earth, and vvnerein the hereditary influences of all thefpast reach into the entire future. It has been demonstrated at this Council that women can distinguish themselves in all industries and the in have that ages past reflected philanthropies : ' ; -- dele--gate- Vagrant children come and go 'Neath the windows, murmuring low; Peering with impatient eye For a ghostlymystery. ui a fabled-secrv., telj, Others touch the soundless bell, , Then with hurrying step retreat From the echo of their'feet. Or perchance there wander near Guests who once held revel here: , Some live o'er again the days Of their love's first stolen gaze; Or some sad soul, looking in, Calls back hours of blight or sin, Glad if her mute life may share . In the sheltering silence there. Oh what cheeks might blanch with fears, Had walls tongues, as they have ears ! Vi 11 xr- wv y Oh, the joy, the love, the glee, Sheltered once by that roof-tre- e Song and dance and serenade, Joyous jest by maskers played;. Passionate whispers on the stairs, Hopes unspoken, voiceless prayers; Greetings that repressed love's theme, Partings that renewed its dream; 'Air the blisses, all the woes, Youthksvbrief hour of springtime knows; All have died into the past,. Perish too the house at last I d Silent house wtth doors, Ghosts and memories haunt thy floors ' Not a web ojf circumstance" 1 Woven here into romance E'er can perishf many a thread J Must survive when thou art dead. Children's children shall not know How theif doom of joy or woe Was' determined ere their birth, 'Neath this roof that droops to earth, CJ thought, e, 1 pd mis-take- ii Mks. -- S-- e d - . Scribner's Magazine.. I No. 09 4 1888 : 1 . BY IIENKlKTIA if all Nations. ' will-pow- nce d, d , er . 