W.OMAN'S EXPONENT. 39 -- 4 rfrs ? was renaerea children of this people grow up as she has taught her children." . Now, I. know that j want oy me goou programme - they should ; and I want to go a little" farther With" .mothers can teach their children; and they ought children; after which Stake rrest. Jane L Commence, mothers, to teach-them- , dnd "this is my dutyjojtell youwha.L JIolen spokeJoJ.hem on prayer ami-thregard to your clildren. princi:ust as quiCKJsuiciniui; uitLeiiougnjo unaer tolo in this case. Remember to traditionate your ples of the Gospel. Said the work Sister Eliza -Smith had organized - should be children" in "the nurture""and admonition of the" stand, wnicn is quite young, i ney ooserve me ' " carried on. Lord. - Teach them as they ought to be taught, acts and doings of the mother, ancLwhoever-is-presen- t. "'From these acts they imbibe their first Coun. Emma Pike with - the waytt and they will have faith from their youth up, and-thchildren their the do hadsaid you want your parts.. Exhorted impressibns. Now, mothers, Spirit of the Lord to' djrect them, that hey oil Saints? Do be want to sons and youi4 you children may; never lose sight of this faith in Chrisyfn'd and be to and. their lives our Heavenly Father, and when they are old they, , ri good great, daughters filled up with usefulness? 'Certainly, with all my wilfnot depart from the good path. I am firm in ' Bishop Lamb spoke about the persecution 'ofii nr n hi ?i r in rimi i ivi v 1111 i i i m heart.' Then lay that foundation for future life by the faith and verily believe. that-..i- ; mothers-wi- ll off' bear" to the kingdom of God. Try help teaching each little child what it should do. bring ip their children aright, and give, them that aud the of shun darkness, and try and powers Teach that child honesty, uprightness and truthearly training that they should have, their children repay our sixers for what .they are doing for will grow up and r never depart from the path of fulness. Never permit a falsehood to be told, nor vou bv obevimr their, counsel? and trvintr to be rectitude and truth. the color of a false Hood, without correction. vi children." The mothers are the moving instruments in the good Train that child by your own- acts and words, The following named persons were sustained the principle in 'hands of .Providence to guide the destinies of nafrom its. infancy, so it as officers of the Association: Amelia Kirhy, its own heart to be perfectly honest.- Teach that tions. Let the mother's of any nation teach their 4 M. Peterson and Harriet Johannau President; child to believe in God our Heavenly Father,. children not to make war, the. children will grow- U T Tf..- -. ri . i iTeach it to believe, to have confidence in Him. arid never .enteftnto iI7Let the mothers teach" Thurston, Assistant Counselors; "Lydla l)aines, up "War upon your enemies, yes, war Secretary; May Daines,1 Assistant Secretary; "Vhy, He is thg author of your lives. Here to the hilt!'dnd they will-bfilled with this spirit. F lorence Wooli, lreasurer. ' . : are your father an$ mother with regard to your imI see wish at what once to Consequently, you Elders Wm. M. DaineCand Thos. Duce each natural body. As soorv can understand mind is, that the mothers are the ...made press upon your encouraging remarks. f anything at all, teach them that give zest to" the whole manandj achinery n n K irtm m a ma ti t Hrcot t jk i but you hav&'aspiritwithin you. Vre it IT UUI1r ituiviia-iit tjj liai I let au guide" the deTfihies ahd"Tives of men upon the each felt pleased with the meeting, and de this spirit, you would not have life in you. Here earth'.'Cv sired to go on and do all the good they could. are the father and mother of your tabernacle ; but To be Continued. ' Thanked the brethren and sisters for coming, you have a spirit in you, and the father of that ' in to visit us. v,. spirit is your Heavenly Father, whom we serve as BOOK, . The children sang, "Some Place For Me.". our God . You mu s t have impl i cit con fidence i n 4? Benediction pronounced by Jane E. Molen. this Being. You must depend upon Him always. Mrs. E.'.B. Wells. . Lydia Daines, Sec.' If you are in danger in the least, you musf believe in God and ask God to rescue you, to preserve Dear Friend: I have read "Esther, the GenBOX ELDER STAKE. tile." Money could never tempt me to write such you; aud. your faith must be in the name of. Him " that He has a book. SuclTa weak plot, so poorly written, like given, whom He calls HTs only The quarterly conference of the Relief Soa cheap novel. It does not represent anything Son, to die a ransom for our sins." And ciety of the Box Elder Stake convened in the as soon as they can understand, teach them with that ever could have happened among the Saints. Tabernacle onHhe 12th of June, 1888, Prest. to 1 sin. to Teach them will never say again that "truth is stranger than H. A. Snow presiding. Singitig", "Great God, have regard attend while Zion sings." Prayer by Prest. H. implicit confidence in the Father through our fiction, :' for in this case fiction is such a nondescript Lord Jesus Christ; and every time they need wis-- . A. Snow. Annie Wixom acted as secretary1 that one can't imagine what it is intended to reRoll called. Minutes read and to ask for wisdom, and ask for understanddom, present. It comes as near the mark as a lie I once pro tern. ing; and every time they are in trouble, ask our read about Apostle Jones of the Mormon Church accepted. Irest. Snow: "It is important4hat we shoule Heavenly Father to give them comfort, and they marrying a Chinese woman, so as to have a com.: comprehend-ou- r will feel joyous instead, of grievous, and will feel duties, that we may be a plete collection of nationalities in his family. mighty band in Zion. If the members andj 'a buoyant feeling instead of being cast down. Next! officers attend to their dutips we. hppnmp Art" Teach the childrea that they are August a Joyce-- . Croch eron, much stronger and capable to stand steadfast : Targe enougTTto go into the fielcTwirh their father South "Bountiful, July 22nd, 1888. and firm in the faith in the various scenes in ey jnayjiaye lives. The growth and management of our they will be! protected. Teach them that those the Relief Society ' devolves on every ' one of APPRECIATION good Ogels that are ministering spirits, and their angels, to guard and defend the just and pure Prest. Jane Peerv, Three Mile Creek, Prest. Office of the Exponent: watch over them continually. And teach them, I am M. A. Hubbard, AVillard, Prest. Harriet Hun-- .' sorry to say there are not many mothers who da Dear Ladies: I have been very much gratir . r tt t leach it, that they may growTip with this under- - fied with the literary attainments andjaleasanttone- - saser, xioueyvuie, voun. densen, iviantua, andPrest. Harper each made excellent re of the editorials in your paper I have certainly tdingTthaTouT marks, and spoke interestingly of her duties. ance of all our acts and doings, and of us, as in- a very different idea of the trials and struggles of Coun. Olivia Widerborg made' closing redividuals, and that His eye is over us, and there the Mormon Pioneers, from what Lhave had be marks in a very wise and motherly manner is not so muchast JiahL of our iieads falls to the- - fore. I wanted to know the standing of the Singing, "How firm a foundation," etc. ground without the notice of our Heavenly Tather. women rights' advocates, among your people, and Benediction by Harriet Hunsaker. Teach them these things and they will grow up I have been gratified indeed. Afternoon session: Singing;"0 God, our into this habit. You may call it. tradition, butit I wish that I might help many who do not believe is an excellent one. You can sow the seeds of help in ages past." Praver by Prest. Samuel in their good faith to feel differently, although I Smith. Singing. infidelity and they will grow there. Teach the could not inyelfbejieye in the Book of Mormon; PrQst Susannah P. Booth, Coun. Robins, children so that when they go out from the presbut the noble, loving hearts, whose Sn:)tville, Prest. Mary Jensen, Sister Jenson ence of their father and mother, God is in all is unknown, appeal to my sympathies. antFPrgt. Watkins each spoke intelligently of their thoughts. Can you come to this underMrs. A. Clark... the work in which she was engaged. Emilia standing, mothers? If I were talking to the Nantucket, R. I. . V D. Madsen spoke next. .brethren, I shold say no man in this church has Clawson: . Prest. Rudger "The Lord says He the right or privilege to enter business, or go at who those will themselves. help help My symR. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. anything without having God in his thoughts, and is the with sisters." of the creaSpoke pathy asking for guidance and direction in all his ways. was tion, woman necessary. "The' Lord eays, V HYDE PARK P. A. And I will say to the mothers and sisters," now 'Man is not without the woman, nor woman give your children this correct tradition ic their without the man.' Although our efforts may ; The anniversary of the Primary Association youth. As I was talking to one of my wives she 1888." was held seem small, as though we did not accomplish, of Hyde Park Ward, July 9th, said:" Who is there that teaches her children There were present Stake President Jane E. much, still, if we give our whole" heart to the these things?" I turned to one and said: "There Molehyher actrnConIb7rEmma Pike, act7 Lord, He will bless us and our progress 13 s one of full she children has of sure. my wives; faith, in? Bishop, Suel Lamb, and others. Prest. because she made ' it her business to teach them Amelia Kirby presided. The children sang, Bishop Tingy, Prest. S. Smith, Coun. Adolph the tradition to believe in God the Madstn, Sister Esther Goodliff, and Coun. Father, to call "Dare and Do." Prayer by Elder WmM. uPon Him ' Sonnet." ''Youthful Charles Minutes Daines. Singing; Ktlley, each made timely and suggescontinually; aud God was in their thoughts from morning until evening, all the time of July 9th, 1887, and statistical and financial tive remarks. were they Prest. Snow spoke of the labor of the secre- awake says I." There is the woman ; reports were read and accepted. td! seethe a : - - , e " -- R.-Snow was-please- e - - - fl . : - i i i i . -- . - may-imbi- be - Wlf f"V,,i.-.cl....- ' 1 . their-childre- n, - e . as-the- y xJ'ch'ld,, notrr - : i . I i--i r - ANTI-MORMO- N Be-gott- the-origin- . 1 . '' .. - to-pr- ay, ? . 5 . self-surrend- er ; - - . . 