cure prohibition intbe District of .Columbia Ileanngs'will be given them, before Congressional committees. March 18 to 25 the National W. C. T. U. will conduct a series of T meetings at, the Capitol, to ba addressed by women. well-know- EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 162 n nnal renorts and forward them directed to Dr. Romania B. Pratt.Descret Hospital, Salt Lake City, Utah. All reports should bo in the hands of Dr. Pratt as early as March 20th, in order that sberaa have sufficient time to prepare the general, report for the April Conference. She labored. with untiring real, t Nor deemed her cross top hard to bear; in m.rrv rallrt hnmc Tilt Aud a glorious crown awaits her .there, OP RESPECT RESOLUTIONS TO THE MEMORY OF SISTEl . A. H. HlCKENLOOPKtt. . . hr ("-r-A T Whereas, Death has come into pur midst and taken from us our honored Secretary, Sister Ann, whom we and respected she was an affectionate wife and mother, a faithful Latter-daSaint.'and an earnest supporter of the it be Sovrtety;. therefore, V Resolved, by the members of this Society, That we ten der to the bereaved family our sincere sympathy, and earnestly desire that God will comfort them in their afflic. tion. Resolved, .That a copy of these Resolutions be sent t the family, a copy placed on record, and one forwarded to the Exponent., . T HI rr T Jk The aDnouncemen t of Miss Ph elpVnew Between," ''Gate" atory, entitled "The-GatKansas a of City ; recalls the' remark prominent OBITUARIES. some who with, was guests along driving ladj the Hesperus road this summer, between MagArabella Sinclair Haight, relict of the late Isaac C. nolia and Gloucester.' Mass. As a curve of of Cedar City, IrorrCounty, Utah; born April so. the beautiful driveway disclosed the narrow Haijht.died February 10, 1888, Deceased emigrated from out to sea, the Western i8n; "Neck" . 8tretchirir . Glasgow, Scotland, in 185a; settled -- in Cedar City inthe 1 . ' t ne fall woman turnca to ncr companion,, eayiug, uT of 1853, where she lived until her death. She leaves drove out on the Neck last week when we went two sons, thlrty-fograndchUdren and a large number o' and had a view of to Manchester-by-the-SeZ freaVgrandchildren, t Elizabeth Stuart Phelp's summer home. After Com. that visit I understand why she's always writing about gates. They thrus themselves across the We are again called to record the death of another faithroad at every turn without the fhadow of an ful Saint. Sister Martha Freer, who departed this life Oct. excuse: but not one of the six was 'ajar.' And was at born Middlesex, 1887, i8th, by Worksworth, one were at every against posted warnings Derbyshire, England March 24th, 183a; baptized into the leaving it ajar 'under extreme penalty of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints July and, 1873; Wvr'1'.mm- - A me.rirstn Maaatinfi.- emigrated to Utah with her husband and family in 1873. aty-love- es y' - r ur a, i r . iiv rfv Eliza P. Rheece, ' : Elvira Hickxkloopxr, . L Sister Freer died of. dropsy at the age of sixty-fiv- e years, six months juidrthree: weeks She .was, a teacher in. the number of years, yhich Kaysville Relief Society for-office she filled faithfulljriintil her deathr She diedin full" faith in the Gospel, to rest from her labors until the morn" ' ' ing of the first resurrection of the just. Mrs. Robinson, editor of the Green Bay (Tfw.) Advocate, clean, wholesome paper.urgcs that the printing and circulating the evidence in divorce cases should be made a criminal of--. T T'Viura T?KI ncAn Vinaru n a in.a . . . . . a way ot preventing tne aaiiy qome3tio contamination cfue to bringing into our homes the" filth and viciousness of the depraved except by statute, for each newspaper is so afraid lest another should collect more news, that it even prepares the way by hints and innuendoes on the least suspicion of a scandal. There is just one other remedy, and that is tor people not to receive into their houses, papers which pander, to the low taste for such reports. If from a hundred homes a protest against such publication could go to the editor in one day, he would be thoroughly and soundly converted on this subject. C " . x al " The Stake officers of Y. L. M. I. A. are to prepare hereby officially-notifieStake reports, carefully, upon printed blanks, and forward them as early as the 15th of March, that a complete and satisfactory report may De maue 10 mo general conierence m April. t DirecL4.be reports to Miss Mary E. Cook, Secretary 323 E., Third South Street, Salt semi-annu- d LaktCity, xuc- L'i.1 PL al Utah- C? " . . Drs. Sarah d- - t ..- e ' . " oMuio otxremnes 01 me jveiitf cocieiy are hereby officially notified to prepare semi an- - R. and Maggie C. Shipp will com- mence theimext Glass in Obstetrics on - Communicate personally, or by letter, for full particulars, to Lmtok, President of Kaysville R. S. 59 S. FIRST, EAST STREET. R.K. THOMAS IN. MEM OR! AM. Editor Exponent: at her residence in Pleasant View, Weber Co., Utah, Feb. 17th, 1888, of dropsy, after a lingering illness of ten weeks, Sister Ann Ham, beloved wife of the late he Bishop Wra. H. Hickcnlooper, of Salt Lake City. was born at Dunkenwell 1st, 1835, Abbey, County of Devonshire, England. She was, at the time of her death; aged 63 years, i month and ten days. Left her home a the age of seren years, with her grandfather, who educated EAGLE tn. 1 her in the Episcopal Church. As she grew older she had a natural love for the Scriptures, and often wished she bad lived in the days of the Savior. In Feb. 1854 she wmt to visit an uncle in Durmingham. where she became acquainted "wlthTthe doctrine onh"Trefyatnts7andnMar 3rd she embraced the same. For the love of the Gospel she bade farewell to her Jove almost at the foot of the altar, and two years later to her grandfather, and all that was near and dear to her, and started on her long and lonely journey to wend her way to the home of the Saints. She crossed the plains inJhe first hand cart company, commanded by CapUin Ellsworth. leaving Leavensworth, Iowa, June 9th. After fording the rivers and streams, and enduring tlie hardships of dragging a cart across the dreary plains, $hc found herself, Sept. a6th, in Salt Lake City destitute and alone. She soon found friends, Bishop Hickenloopcr taking her to his home in the 6th Ward, where, in the course of time, she : became his wife. . She was a patient and devoted companion, and the loving mother of five children, four of whom are now living to mourn her loss. She has been a leading spirit among the sisters, having held many prominent positions in their organizations. In 1880 she moved to Pleasant View, where she has gained the esteem of all who knew her. , The funeral services were held ia the Pleasant View meeting house, Feb.' 19th, 1 883. Appropriate remarks were made by Bro. John Seaman; also Bishop ""Thomas Wallace, f North Ogden. A large, cortege followed the remains to their resting placer- , The --Leading .Retail -- Oasli DAVID TAMES She was prized by all who knew her werth;-He- r mission was to comfort and to bless, While GoU saw fit to knd her to this earth & CO., TIN HERS, GAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS Agent for IIU MS EYS celebrated LIFTand FOrU'K PUMPS, Pumps Repaired on short notice. Order frojn the ountry prontptly responded to. arAdlriu. DA JAUI3. In . 3M, 8AIT LAX I CUT. : Special to the Ladies. AT TEXSDEL'S and . Dear sister, how we mourn our los5, Thou wert faithful, kind and' true; You nobly bore your daily cross, As He who sentjlcsired you to. EIPORM SALT LAKE CITY. Will be lo'uud the latest styles & "',' ' pioduotioDf LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODEIUES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an eltganl a&sortraeDI of 3Die.1T .pear Sister, Ann has gone to rest, A Ellis Died, NOTICES. semi-annu- -- CLASS. " . The conference of the Relief Societr of this Stake will be held in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, on Thursday, the 15 of March com mencing at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. as usual, and it is desirable that there be a lull attendance from the respective wards and districts, and especially "that each branch Relief Society in the county should be represented. As it is Conference written reports are the xctednarajTraTlyndate to enabtethrScuTC tary.-Mr- s. LIizabethIIoward, to prepare a full report in time for the Conference. The Y. L. M. LA of this Stake will hold Conference the following day, March 10, at the same place and will commence at the fame hours, 10 a.m. and 2 p..m. Written reports from each association should be sent in good time to the Secretary, Miss Lizzie Smith. It is hopad the young ladies will. make a good showing of their work during the past six months. The Primary Associations of this Stake will meet on Saturday, the 1 7th, probably, in the Assembly Hall. -- a 1--0 . OBSTETRIC GOODS; Speefal departnient for Ladies' Misses' iant's Kho. DdilD- - - 112, 114, 116, 118 Etsi Ttvy,U St', . 