WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 114 their tivnsuies fehTpped Him; and they opened and presented unto Him gilts; gold anvt frankincense and myrrh.. The first gifts we re,, presented to our Lord and S tyiOr inJlischil Ihood, and when His natal day rolls round, let us present to him a pure heart," like the gdd, with ' ho alhy, 'purified from all dross; and when we ohvr gilts to one another onChrnt mas day, let us remember,- that as each Chrntmas succeeds another, we are approaching nearer the time when lie will appear, to give good gifts unto tho.se who ask Him in faith and keep I lis commandments. - - " ' Mary Salt Lake City, Dec 14, A nn M. 187. OUK LESSONS.- Piutt.t - Well, since tins life is a school, preparatory to tFie mxt stage of aei ion, we. would ask, ". "What is.ur lson f' for Well, 1 hardly think the old lesson of being as "wise as . to-day- doves" has been studied and reduced to practice sufficiently to take a new one; e nnu wnen we are associate! witn inose wh. measure themselves by the same pattern and live bj- the same rule as our Savior, we Hut' fiiiddnl v- think w ,nrur nrnirrfjisiiifr fiiipl o i lerpents and harmless as - r--. mtc - "jour v - attention, and, fond the of our attention is beautiful, being held, until we are charmed by its harmless and beautiful appearance. We ask ourselves, .may' - 8 tinsel-show-Hltra- ct- faithful and dutiful child? May we prove to and experience; they are qualified to teach - -v- ;-- ' ' --- ' be one of this number. ; jutTfn many things M. E. Kimbaj.l. Could you be so ungrateful and fo shortKov.28th, 1887. sighted a to neglect to give your best affections to god like and honorable parents, whose whole soul is iutere tul'in their offspring, to comfort LETTER FROM OHIO. and bless ;aud lead' their minds on lo true inintelliot telligence? We are naturally lovers wis-d- . M us. ' Welij3 and Oth eu Mormon gence, especially when combiiud with Dka r " m to govern and control the affairs of :'. StsTi.iis: . , families or associations. I was told the otlur day .by' ah ncquaintance, How much gratitude do we owe, th'fn, to our "Mormon frit ml, Eliz;i Snow is, dead' Heavenly Father, the head of all science, the that my ruler ot the universe, folio gives unto all their and he said that notices of her. death were in I did not see the agency, to seek krjowledge from Him, or 'all ihe Ciucinnatti papers. otherwise, as we choose. I think the love we notices but I felt very much sahlene(l to hear it. One's-- ' life' is made iiptof regts, at who U .propel ly apprecia have for . of least my life is., I shall alwavs regret that I ted, is greater than that of an inferior, although it may be a dtar child. I would not say it never had a luller acquaintance with ''Sister Eliza," iis you all so lovingly called lur. was in.t most pure, however, for children are She was a noble, a . woti'deifui woman, it pure, audph, how important that they always shall now always think seemed to me, ami remain the tame. of her. as being in heaven with the. many who 1 greatly admired an illustration of Prc&t. Heber C. Kimball's. He spoke of a friend of were "fir.t; at the Sfpulfcher," and as always his who. was troiny u the river to visit a relabuy and happy. I h ive b en reading Miss Phelp's books lately and heav n n ems to me live; he took a bk iff and plied the oars manfully, mo re J i Ice a ren I pta ce,' a ml ' I hut" we S ha know until he caliTenimglitTiT his rebrtiversreidtice. each other there. ; when he began to leil quite exhausted, and ones of your Church older One the one ' 1 by will aid. I must rest: can see the house,r and (ther-homwhat the re irointr tu Isuoa his Accord nirlvrhedaitftlowu 4 ' the mture of the peculiar people will be. I oars, laid himself down alsrr, to wnen ne awoke ne louna liimsell lar ha e iong int' nded to write. something for the J XI'O.nent, but rnv time is so entirely used up l)elow the starting point. wiili home duties; and thepublic, disreganling This.-saihe. 'is our position We " herf acrtlf arc hintm f"gro w i of t are going uj) stream against the currt-nhood and young manhood increase the calls popular opinion Yes, as much so today as upoti a mother s time, makes many demands when this uospel was preached 4)V' Jesus, our upon me, which as a mother,- a Ctomaii, I canSavior." He remarked, "This is our siiuatiou not refuse to. respond to. There is work iu e gain strength by exercise; not by church and moral movements for whiw ii now, or over reaching, but by caution, ' God grant we may all do our work faithfully. and carefully applying the oars and developing Ho w m u ch I sh ou d I i k e t o h a ve k n o w n --M i the liule gtiegih we hive we can, it pi r.M)nally,and how. I should like to know we observe the word of wisdom, renewed gain you all. May peace and love be with you here, strength from the f'ouu lain.". These are lemons and everlasting joy in t he home beyond is the fthich we, as a people, have proved ta be wish and prayer of your sister, especially when we realize that ihis is Emily Scott. Qf the fulness of times, when " Dec. 18, 1887 all things which have trauspired in ages past wi gaiiriippTa r. t- - Believing this, we " hope to see the human CHESTER ITEMS. family return to their sober senses in the near future. I believe a portion of them will have the humility to see themselves as thev trulv Editor Exponent: are, dependent upon an alwi?e Father for every Bfcause the Chester Annual Primary Fair lacuiiy, Doth mental and physical, which they held here a few da) ago was such a joyous oc possess. There are a tew of this class living themasses there are others who casion I write a few details. among Stake President, Sister TIelen a MadsenandT at great attainments through these faculties, a Ms Wickham, favord the Fair by their yet their vanity causes them to thiuk they preseuce and. most excellent remarks. know enough to judge theworld. The juveniles did wondeis in making Well, St. Paul once said that we are as subthing-- , the result .of the inevitable jack-knitto as the ject from the little chair,through agricultural vanjty sparks which fly upward. This vanity, you will see, i a great detriment, ' implements, wagons,etc. becauje it hinders us from making the improveNor were the little ladies behind in the ment we would otherwi-- e make, when we are dainty netdle work, in all sorts, and sweet more childish and humble. culinary productions, and it was a real pleasure We are hoking forward to a time when the lo take their dainties so pleasingly Offered you. humiu family will see themselves aa they And Emma the president fairly bubbled over" in are the of their in maker. Did truly testacies a? her little ones vied with each sight they see themselves thev would not rp. other in $ong and .recitation. A llusion was made to Prest. Petersen's jtct the message sent them to prepare for ugg stin of a cominp- of nr mvi.ip lOcts. subscript ion by each member of. the I, would compare them to little children with Stake Primary the full n'me of each subscriber their tJhrist mas toys. They enjoy them so to be recorded iu the Temple Record.. wvll, they, will not heed the cafl of their In response to thi the littie onessent up parents to put them by and attend to. some$9 45 in cash; also 25 .yards of most excellent of more thing importance. No, this they call lag carpet and a beautiful floral and animal cruel and a great sacrifice of their feelings. rug the labors of the deft fingers of the little While some are reckless and " When you consider our limited settoiKrs others way ward, are obedient, having more fiiiil love and veneratlement the lew who take hold of these things tion for their parents. ' "it wss more than ye all" besides it is a mo.--t Now, I would ask, which will make the gratifying evidence of the new regime of this greatest progress and become the most uselul place. man? Who will comprehend the dengus and H. purposes of an alwioe Parent so readily as Dec. 17, 1887. , - v . , "- ' ; ; " - 1 l 1..,.: i :, ii and transitory, like all other worldly treasure, unless put to usury. lr ca hum itj uo j. uui vyro .:.i.: umu, jhju a.Mt now I stand in the eight of my Heavenly Father? It seems that my feet 'are sinking to the under u rren t. Was this indeed the w ise.--t cou rse io pursue; wii neTesn i u e a i I l ha t I d e sired?" -- n but in realitV 1 of no rpnl wnrf.h whpn fnmnjirfrt ;with the riches of eternity. Jesus, the Savior of the world, taught His uiovijuvo niiui uiwy i luiicn were. in applying your mind to those riches, you will soon find how much ncbility of charactercayou possess Narrow.: a:ahtractiilmiM cloriotlS tmth nr rnmnrhfiifP'tiPm fifnni! the mind mut be prepared by the existence .ot the divine nature. Yes, the gift of the Holy Ghost to truly conceive their real value, and enable you to act in sincerity of heart. The Lord requires those who worship Him to do it in sincerity and truth. Jesus once said, "Those who love anything more than me are not worthy of me." 'J his passage was repeated not long since in the presence of a lady, who remarked, "Well, I know the Lord does not expect me to love Him more than my baby boy, whose sweet prattle, and He bright eyts take my whole att?ntiom could not expect me to love one I do not see, as 1 do my boy. Surely that love is pure and heavenly, because the object of my love is pure." But how is.your parental lovt? Your pareDts loved and c!.eri?hed you as fonTlly as you do the boy. How many years have they been your guardians, shield and protectors, teaching you virtuous, honorable and upright nriuciplrs, to save you from vice aud ruin, and and peact? keep your ftet in the paths of Their experience and intelligence, which they gain from time to time, is alwavs kept in reserve for your benefit; uu can eo to tht-- for counsel, which will benefit you, because of their J jy 1 w be-lhe- -- e, -- rc C7 -- and-dnppe- d ... sit-ep- ; 1 to-da- y. njiauTmM t We soon find, by making a desperate fffort on our part, and perhaps making a sacrifice of something else, that the prize is ours. We 'eel happy for a moment that, our efforts were blessed in it. .Suddenly a disappointed .feeling conns over.. us; this prize does -' .. - to-da- y. over-doin- g I s?.-Suo- lo-da- beue-ficia- l, n - r 1 to-da'- y; fzp-teyimwgoTTaM e. -- , . to-da- v the-seco-nd - -- ; -- 