V -- 101 V-- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. . V- men and women identified In gynipathy, if not n- tjy mcmoeranip, trim, me mission oime irress. Hiza up overhead; was the mbboIeth of the association. 'worked in letters of ivy. sister f Kshop R. T. Ourton. Deceased Was born in qualities, her, patience and heroism under. the most trying Mercer, Essex Co., Upper Canada.fFeb. 16, i8;6. She circumstances. "Sister Jones selected the hymns she would was baptized into the Church in January, 1838, when her like sung at hcr'funefat one, of them was the very approprilather's family received the Gospel aV that place. Shortly ate funeral song, "Come, come unto me.' all ye Samts,who for Far West, Mo.f but on account I .have died, JL and another, "There is sweet rest in heaven.s "Troth, Justice and Honor." Under tbu, -ofafterthethe family started of the Saints from that State, they did not The singing was by the ward choir,' and was rendered in -painted in -- three- panels- - of .white Bilk, werethe completeexpulsion the located but at Walnut anticipated journey, the most tender and touching" style, the voices blending 1 ' ... , letter "A.-AW,- " ' '. Grove, Illinois n 1839. vTT"'.- such melody that it was like heavenly music. ' In October, 1844, the family went to Nauvoo. and on the 'E. E. WY -- NOTICE. 14th of March, 1845, Miss R. M. Durton was married to Nathaniel V. Jones by Heber C. KxmbalLIn the spring .Rebecca M. Jones, Counselor in , the 'Fifteenth Ward fJro-n,Sister Jones left Nauvoo, arriving in l Tho Conference of thfl Relief rWpfr of BluSs Council July r, and on the 16th of the same month with Relief Society honors, onWednesday, J2ist in3t.f from this Stake of Zion will be held in thejboor enlisted in the Mormon Battalion; at that her husband, J ' the Fifteenth Ward Assembly Hall- .- ' ' : teenthAVarrj Assembly Jlooms gn . Thursday, ' Dec 2Qth,8 8 8, commencing . at 10. a.m., and time she had a babe four'mbnjhs old. Subsequently Sister RESOLUTIONS ADOTTTD BV THE 1JEUEF SOCIETY. " to r Mo Atchison Co., there Jones removed , remaining ; . , ,2 p.m. ; Whereas, in the dispensation of Divine Proidenceour until her husband's return from California ju August, 1847 has departed : beloved sister and counselor and In August, x849,"Bro. and Sister Jones arrived in this city, this life, and ceased her earthly labors, , ' OBITUARIES. ; journeying with ox teams from. the Missouri River; at that S Resolved, That we lovingly-- , cherish-t- hc time they had two children. They settled in the Fifteenth memory of her On. Monday, May 8, 1888, occurred one of the most peaceful influence, and her untiring efforts to promote and Ward, and have kept the home there ever since. ' sustain Relief Society interests.;- . shocking fatalities that has ever taken place in Heber City Bro. Jones was called away from, home on several mis .v, - - tr , Wasatch County. Mrs. Elizabeth Watsan, wife of Thomas We commend her impressive example in imploring God's sions, and his . wife was left with a little family to struggle S, Watson, was killed by a bull. The event was a great blessing oq the afflicted everpyhere,' and her pleadings 'in with the difficulties incident to the.settling in a new country. shock to the community Sister Elizabeth Watson was the .'. .' behdf of the wayward. I'r'Zx. '..ZiriflLu She bore her trials during this period of her life with un ' was She bern at We bless the memcry of her dear, diligent hands which ; daughter of John and Janet Honeyman.common bravery and . fortitude, manifesting those sterling ' Anchtcrmuchtr. Fife, Scotland,' Dec. '2. 1835, and was reached out in blessings for the needy, in administrations qualities of character that help one to endure without mur married to Thomas Watson at . Kinross County. Scotland, . for the sick, carried consolation to the bedside of tbedyin muring the shifting changes of fortune in times ofadversity " 4-in on the 30th of March, 1863;, 1869 they emigrated and "assisted in the last sad rites for the dead. ; or affliction. I; America; leaving Glasgow on the 7th day of April of that That while we endeavor to bow submissively to this , On Feburary ibtb, 1863. the 37th anniversary of her ' in four about Ohio and then months, extend deep sympathy - to the family and they year, stopped birth, her husband died, leaving her with a family of .little ; came on to Utah, arriving at' Heber on the 34th day of ; more immediate friends. ;' children, to whom she must henceforth be both father and .We would add that a life so rich in experience and so September, where they have resided ever since. Sister mother as far as possible, and Sister Jones has ever since Watson was the mother of twelve children, eleven boys and beneficient in its labors for the good of hnmanhy must reap remained a widow (twenty-si- x and by her untiring years), one girl, eight of whom have "gone before her. Sister the reward of eternally reciprocated love j and be crowned industry and perseverance has raised her family temporally ' "Watson was a faithful member of the Relief Society, and v : 1 with unfading glory. and trained thern in the principles of the Gospel. She of in the full faith died Wheat of the Fund; we have these;' Resolutions spread on our minutes secretary ' '' "" She was. ever a tender and affectionate mother, entering alsoThat Gospel.' ". preserved in our historical record books and published Z. into the feelings of her children, their trials or misfortune in the Woman's Exponents i . Whereas, Providence has seen fit to call from-ou- i midst ; .with the most mtense sympathy. The sad death of her "' ' our much esteemed sister and : M. fa? the cause of Sarah Kimball,son, Fred. R. Jones, who was killed in New Mexico, was a In behalf of the 15th Ward branch of Relief Society. truth to finish the labor so nobly begun on earth in a higher Severe nervous shock to her system, and the constant care, sphere, we deeply Sympathize with the bereaved husband attention and solicitude occasioned by the delicate health and four sonsand pray God to bless and comfort them In of her daughter, Mrs. Clara J. Young, for sometime previ the great loss they have sustained. ous to her demise, told heavily upon her both in mind and " MARGARET Mum, . ". : : body, ' President, was Sister Jones always faithful to the truth, firm and Winching-inhe- r integrity to the cause she had espoused so Sarah Smith, ' ' " '.' early in life.and has been an active and efficient "worker' in the ' : Committee. Relief Society of the ward in which .she resided ever since Sister Ann Walmsley passe&away from this life; Nov. 16, it was organized in 1855, and for some years past held the 1888, at Preston, Idaho, having sustained injuries by falling position of Hxst Counselor to the President, Sister Sarah from a wagon, Aug. 23rd, 1 886, since which time she M. Kimball, who will deeply-fee- l the loss of so wise and ' jas SALT LAKE CITY. " been a great sufferer until a short time before her death consistent an "adviser and helpmate. She was kind and when she calmly fell asleep, and thus passed" away with a sympathetic, as well as benevolent in her nature, and desraHe on her face. She was horn in Lancashire, lighted in ministering to .the wants of the needy, and in England, " . Aug. 2, 1806, bapti'ed July 3, 1837. She is said to be comforting the afflicted and distressed. Her record is Jht first woman baptiied into the Church in England, Prest. bright with good deeds, and her example noble and pure; Heber C. Kimball officiating at the ceremony, In 1840 she continued acting in her public duties until a short time Sister Walmsley arrived in Nauvoo with her husband, previous to her death, though she was quite feeble in health. where she knew and .associated with the Prophet and his On Sunday, Nov. nth, she taught her class of young ladies in the Sabbath School as usual, but that brother, Hyram, and their families! Two years after shet evening was taken with her husband, Bro, Thomas Walmsley, moved to a violently iH, with acute pain in her head She suffered place caned, "Shock of Corn," twenty-fiv- e miles from very greatly until death came to her relief. Nauvoo, where he died and was buried !a the woods. Of Sister Jones h may be truly said, "Blessed are the Sister Wabasley then returned to Nauvoo in poor health, dead who die in the Lord.", She, has gone to join her with five sick children, having previously buried two. In companion, the husband of her youth, her children, parents 1849 she traveledjo Salt Lake City, whereVshe lived for and friends, Joseph, the Prophet, and the host of Saints jnany years, afterwards moving Jo Bear Lake Valley, where who have passed away. : she bas since resided. Sister Walmsley was ever is to There need no sorrow of or ready has mourning for bear her testimony to the truth of this; work, and that gone to hei- rest, having 'fought the good fight and kept Will bo found tfe.3 latest styles and piodnctlon the faith.' May hcr hobfe his of many prophecies fulfilled. March ror,rS88 she had a .lowed by her children, that they may attain to the in same written request made 'out concerning her funeral, and exaltation and inheritance; and meet their mother LACES, RUCHES, EMBROBERIE?, again, whom the speakers should be, wishing Bishop Wm. Hulme where there is no more sorrow, pain or forevef-taor- e. i?ANB, UiAJVES, PARASOLS, parting to drive the team that bore her remains to their final restV , : RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES ing place, he being second to none in her affections, having The funeral of Sister Jones war held in the Fifteenth And an elesant-xssortmen- f of : jfod ftfighbor to hha for many years. AH wasjdone as she Ward meetinghogse, on Thursday,-th21st of Nember wished. Sister WalrasleySvas thejTjotber oitrn childreaV .' and was largely attended. The and eight fortysii ip'andchildren four Special department or Ladies' Afiw and In. of her children, thirty of her grandchildrem and six of her . fc ws ,w fant'a Shoes. orapery. There were lso attendance at her of flowers ruoeral. from tnaoy gifts 112, 114, 116, gFJ.gjjjhjjjjc loving friends. TempU Sirtct The speakers were, first, PlGGOTT. BlshopSaTnWorcTthV Bloomirton. Idaho, Novs, i883r" V 5th Ward, who had accompanied Elder N. V, Jones, h cf the deceased, on his mission many years ago to the" Eastjcdies. The nest speaker was Elder EJias Morrii. ATTRIBUTE OF RESPECT. TINNERS CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS Sister Jones formany years. X Bop 0. HUhitney followed Bro. Morris, and thea Prest. r)?edrin-th- e Fiffnth Ward. Salt Lake City, Utah, N or Angus 3Agentfor RtfilSErfJ celebrated LIETand FORCE M. Cannon and Bkbop Pollard. PUMPS Pump Repaired on short notice. Ordtrs froo JfcCB, KebeceaMana, widow of the late N. V AIUbe fakers testified to her faith in h- - r. t theeountry promptly responded to. Simnr and .?"M'."?.4sh,er Btirlon, to the , l- - . ' o86 branch-cIaheJtelief -- r, . ; - . i . . -- , . -U-'- -f""r 5 . : -- : - " 5 . - co-labor- er ! 7" i:m Ai J.. R . EAGLE B.&M&B EIPORIDI The Leading Retail Casla .1.1 ouse. Ei-THOMAS E Special to the Ladies. : AT 'TEASDEL'S behe : - -- - -- - - . e hntu, gTeat-graruichfldr- euil-uow- mg - L"- - r 'GOODS: 118j us-ba- Ilarh pttlT nd . lifrphy ;sur:1nSSy5xcellf ntand lovable OTASlxisi. 11TI2 J1E23. Eci 3:5, SAW tlfl CJTT. ' 