WOMAN'S EXPONENT. his father, and one could hardly help wishing he had carried out the likeness by wearing the liberal . . eoatee. .... f - J ;i can While Mr. LMCKens naraiy oe canea a finished elocutionist, his voice is pleasant: and clear, and he interprets the characters of his read- in? in a most natural, manner.' He was especially pleasing in the trial scehe'of Pickwick vs Bardell, of the famous scene with mit-rino into the spirit heaft and soul; picturing to t.he audience, as he read, the stupidity of the judge and jury, the con- fusion of Winkle, the cool impertinence of the irresistible young man, who spelled his name "with the finishing stroke to the a we, and finally-givinseries of pictures by presenting to us the veritable . Sergeant Buzfuz.. Mr. be that. Dickens did not It is to regretted too after informal the short hold an reception reading, as many would have been glad to shake hands witn tne son or tne immortal novelist. m Wood in a. . 1 -- V" - , . " . RELIEF SOCIETY ANNIVERSARY. -- - ' . "The course of time is ebbing on." 'undefiled before God, anckthe Father is to visit the fatherless and the widows in their affliction and to keep unspotted from the world." She spoke very beautifully upon charity, and referred to the words-.othe Savior, that He taught His disciple! to pray, liForgive us ourarespasses,"-andalsr "Blessed are the merciful, for.th.ey shall obtain .mercy." Thought this was a time of .self-ex-animation; we shouIdTbear each other's burdens. Counselors McMurrin and.Brockbank each ex- pressed themselves pleased with the instructions that had been given, and with the work of the Society; blessed the President and those associated ' with her in her labors of love. ' After the" meeting adjourned,, the whole company, of nearly one- hundred, dined in the new hall; a delicious supper had been prepared by the sisters of the Society, and everything was done in the most perfect order. Young ladies waited at table, and the blessing- - was pronounced by Afterwards there was some music, songs, and a recitation given by Miss Sarah. The affair altogether" was a very McMurrin. pleasant one, and Prest. Fletcher and her Counselors and Secretary, with the quorum of teachers n nd Tn e mb e rs 5 ee m t p- - e n j 0 y- h e a b o rs w h ere u n t o they are called and are doing their work nobly, in union and love. A - 1 o, Coun.-McMurr- ihrl iliA u,.. tu uujb iuuiiu wiiuc Lapa. 1.11c cin.ui wns uuuci 111c direction of Miss Kate Chase, the and was a decided success. Outside, swings and various kinds of plays were indulged in after refreshments, making the day less tedious, and more pleasant for the little ones than it other wise would have been.. The officers and' visitors had a delicious dinner prepared for them at young Mrs. Randall's; it was this Mrs. Randall who had charge of 'the music, playing accompaniments on the organ and directing the singing. She has ' hrinir the.rhlldren forward in this essential part ot thei'nmaTy exercises,- and the parents must indeed be. grateful that she has .been so faithful with their little ones. - s through him in our day; its truth and efficady as a message of salvation. Mrs. Bi W. Smith also bore a strong testimony to the misfion of the Prophet Joseph, and referred labnred-rl-iiifrentl- some of his remarks in Nauvoo concerning the redemotion of Zion and the work rolling forth, "Referred to Brigham Youug's saying that this. would be the stronghold of Zion. Exhorted the sisters tn attend to the needy and minister to their wants, and comfort those who wee in trouble, and said many other good things. Mrs. E. B. Wells occupied a short time in speaking on subjects of interest and importance. -- hTWaoioVedHjy that she had had the privilege of going into the Temples in Kirtland and Nauvoo, and upon the blessings received therein, and particularIybTthe manifestations of power and the visitations of aneels at the Kirtland Temple. Sister Presendia bort a, strong testimony1 to the tnffh of the princi- pic of plural marriage, and also to the healing of the sick bv faith. Exhorted the mothers to trainud their sons and daughters in the Drlncibles of life and salvation, and blest the Relief Society, the teachers, the secretary and all engaged'in so glorious a work as that of comforting the poor and giving consolation to the dfstressed and sorrowing; spoke at some length upon the work for the ; dead4n the Temples of theLord. Mrs. Lydia AfTn Wells rejoiced in comforting the "poor and needy, and very greatly., in the privilege of. working for the dead, and was always ready to perform every duty devolving upon her in the Sociefy and at all times; felt the great need of faith and wisdom to enable us to endure to the end, and so forth. Mrs. Julia C. Howe said she had taken pride when abroad in representing the organizations, of the sisters. We all of us have' an interest in the words of the Apostle James, "Pure religion and;- - 3.- , , n'nrAnc 4J . 1 r, or v . Afternoon session: a -- INTERESTING" PRIMARY Air Kilty hmc il,J The 'house vas very full . o nrl n i tu rn UVVi&lVU CAomarLill n l (Ally. if Ail Kn LVUUblAU., ! 1 gaiety and sunshine, the children s taces beamed with delight, and a sense of happiness seemed to rest upon 'all. Meeting opened with singing, u0pen the door for the children." Prayer was offered and theichildren sang, HV think, when I readlhat sweet story of old." RecitatiohMaggie Shatwell, "My best Friend;" Song Centervjlle Prim"arV chorus, "Here's to the friends we love;" Recitation, I he New Year's Lall," Miss Mattie from Rockwood; Song, "The Brook," by East Bountiful; Recitation, "Honor to Parents," boy frorn South Bountiful District No. 2; Song, Miss Jennie Blood, Kaysville, "Wandering Home;" "Can Can't," a group of boys; Song, by CON-- " Saturday morning at 10 a.m., April 28, in the meeting house at Centerville, the Primary Asso ciations of Davis Stake convened in' a quarterly conference, Mrs. Aurelia S. Rogers presiding. There were nearly 30o4children, and with brethren and sisters, the large hall was Well filled. Opened with singing? "Come to the Primary." Prayer by one of the brethren. Singing, "Trust the children." Each Primary was called in order, beginning with District No. 1, South Bountiful, and each Association arose when the Secretary called and responded with a sentiment or a rverse of Scripture,- reciting in concert, such as, "Pfonor thy father and thy mother," "5 ufier little children to come unto me," "May the Primaries' of Zion become a mighty nation," and so on. It' made a pleasing variety, and was a new feature to us. It also gave an opportunity to see number what Primaries were represented and-thof children belonging to each one that had come to the conference. Minutes of previous confer ence were read and approved, and the Treasurer's -- and Recitations, "Learning is our. useful aim," ' ""God made the flowers," Miss Alice Barlow, West Bountiful; Song, "Gay and Happy;" group from EastBountiful, the names of the books in " - the Bible. Remarks encouraging to the children ancl those ' engaged in teaching them were made by some of the brethren and" sisters present. Sister Rogers and her assistants have done a wonderful work nlreaHv. and seem not. to be ''wearv in well doinpMay the good work continue and De appreciated by those who are reaping the. benefits thereof. - ' " " . - e was-prese- she spoke of the varied experiences she had passed through in Kirtland, Missouri and Nauvoo; tirKlf ...Trr. - - , iifrtro eori'innf out-do- FERENCE. upon the signs of the times, and the fulfillment of prophecy; also, upon punctuality in attending mMino-- and all the diities nf life : made most py cellent suggestions upon many points. Mrs Home spoke tenderly of her acquaintance with the Prophet Toseph, and her knowledge of his 1 school-teache- ; in. 1 ' - approved. Prest. Fletcher made introductory remarks, and M. Isabella Home was the first speaker. Spoke Benediction, ana meeting adjourned until 2 p.m. At the close off the meeting the children assem- - r. no t(5 - -- ' very long tables were handsomely set.and the desks spread with .white, furnished small tables for many more. Boys and girls who assisted in the prepara- - f ' -i the 8th Ward was held in the 8th Ward Assembly Rooms, on Friday, May' 4th, i 888, Mrs. E. B Fletcher presiding. After singing, prayer was offered by Coun. McMurrin. Continued" by sing ing. Minutes of last annual meeting read and 189 WHAT ARE WE LIVING FQR. at Do we realize, my sisters, what we are here on and accepted. Sister Laura Smith was then ap this earth for? This question has passed through pointed to fill the vacancy. "Sister Tomlinson reported Hot Spring District my mind more than once lately. Are we here to spend our precious time in No. 1 ; Sister Howard, South Bountiful; Sister to decorate these bodies of ours? 1 aggi e G ra n rWeBouhlTfuiySis t Ah D usTih7 It is true we should dress nice and becoming, and East Bountiful; Sister Porter; Cenfervilfe; Sister Kate Chase, North District of Centerville; Sister get the best material we can afford, but a great deal of choice time is spent in foolish fashion, Wealthy R. Clark, Farmington ; Sister Jane Neither should we spend our time and strength inT Blood, South District "of Kays ville." The reports were brief and to the point, no hesitation, no pre- - extravagant cooking, when we know that plain more conducive to healths and wholesome food-ithe presidents spoke df liminaries. Some-- of volunteer meetings, when each child was given Many a one is slaving over a hot stove on Sunday when they should be taking inspiritual food for the opportunity what he or she would dq without the week" to come. Neither should our amuse- n.ast any programme or special instruction. ments and recreations be carried to excess; we Bountiful Primary had donated towards saving should use wisdom in all thiiigs. We, the children were having a bin of their own made graln,-anof our Heave.nly Father, are sent to the earth to in the Relief Society Granary.'' Song of Greeting prove oursejyes and show to what use we will put by the Centerville -- Primary thetalents we are endowed with. We should be gave aTeport of the officers visiting the Primary Associations in the Stake. Referred to what Sis educating ourselves for the future, which will last forever. We would not wish to enter the next ter Zina had aid about the children celebrating world and have to commence by learning the the first day of June .instead Tf the first of May. can alphabet, as it were; but by learning all we Song, "The Orphan Girls;" Recitation, 2nd Chap-- . . . . .. i . . ii. 'it j to take ter of St. James, beginning at tne 14th verse, periaining to me nature, we when studies 'we go beyond. Improve East Bountiful Primary; Song, Clara Howard; 'the higher and Bountiful is ment as to there i s no stopping South come 'Little ch'ldren Jesus," our.mottOj No.' 2; Recitation, West Bountiful Primary; Red-- , place, ve must go. forward or backward, and we Fiend," by. Miss Muir; Song,. should take care of the minutes and aot let them tation, "The-Firmak-lng"finetloi- hes - s . d m -- Cpun.-JuliaIIeSs- .. . - 1 - e . - .wm-Dereaa- 1 y . 