of salt sMmmf ring glossy grerm and deepening purples, ,Th grassy, meadow Ikfall about, and it? It on a slice of it, and try it. Good, isn't is better still when cut in slices and XVilU J., JUC nuo g J yiruuuiiinr .when I firstciojiug came small town on iiawii, here, the down to went I beach, where and one day loads in of were fish, and" ag great hauling they natives the true as vou .live, wtye eating tbta mountain sides aro frocked in. fried in butter, to a delicate brown. I hope you aro .not shocked because that dark, impenetrable forests of tropic'svlpvoly we lean which little Tho man has' stripped to the pnftflfre against (r'!5 ; brawny, waist? for you:, will see all this and very' much :iaWi is white, and .throws across the sun's warm v "Uncooked?" you faintly aek. ' more, if you Stay mnhweTsTands Jong, ip.u glanco a welcome ;had6. The brilliant, gaudy - "Uncooked, unsealed and uncleaned. Eat flower, in two small patches in front of us, see it is a warm day, and .very hard work to with their tails still are strangely Intermingled witb'tomato plants' pound poi, and so ths laying aside of such a the fkdi jint aa thr?y wire, down.''. chewed them Don't wiggling as they and hardy sweet "potatoes. .; superfluous article as a shirt. But niore.,? '.tell doh'i please :any ycur rema, Wo watch theso dusky, kindly men and He takes a piece .of brokerrshell, peels.'.the old the rouse gbod strarics only Bishop of our women come in and out, and their softjanguage roots, and takes a few on a piece of a huge log, ; little flock, and he says, seriously: hollowed out slightly m the centered sit kHov:i vhii nrvfrpd ihf. nhl. Inrnp nca1 "'.seem to fit into the sunny picture with much before it, commence? his ting down " ' blind fellow who live3 in the bannana gro?e work. congruity. . under the .hill. He had a nice, good Tittle Where i the stove, you wonder, which is to The kalo must bo. pounded up into on cook ail tbVkalo. Do yoirsee that hole about 'smoothr sticky mass; mr'this purpose he nse3 a yellow dog for Jiis companion and playfellow, who. used "of kn to come down to me as I walked two feet deep!-- That is jtv That a stove? Ye?;, rounded rock, the bottom of which is convex, frisk and play about in the this hole, and about as the "imeo" they call it. Now-- ' around as a saucer, with a in my gardenand big One ' day T missed the dog, ecd I to hold as much as fifty which could small upright handle- surmounted by a knob, '.sunshine.. could hear it monicg" and crying in a curi. ... . , i ri uuuu, i bushels or a whole rox, by digging it our, they i' amy, i. lour p.,iwus. .apout weigning arc putting.stlck3 roll wood, all cut into equal pound slap. The poundjon the kalo, the slap ously "muffled, way; I went up to the old maa'i hut toseo what wa3 the matter. He bad got a lengths, laying them crOssways and evenly, unmade by the wet left hand, which thus keep? tied around doggie's nose, and was holdtil they have piled on a great armful;, on this, face ot tne rock wet, so mat it wm noiau-Tier- c string the ing Lira down into the ground, trying to grnofiitr rocks, wjiich prove to be volcanic porous rock, so' excessively viscid Js it to the mass;-fo-- akra trill e j ze of " iFlii an'rloubieiktsH11 him, I uess. Then getting out ot patience tli a t lrhartcttri with waitincr. ho look dotrgie upTstill crviDE placed. The wood is ignited now, and soon often thrown on the board, also, to prebeing and put hiru across some bannana sticks over burns down. Itis scattered about the bottom it vent sticking. the of the hole' as "coals, the b ran d s which m lglit a a hot fire,'i:nd there he held him, despite And nowjt begins to look something-lik- e moke l ing . wl !M rtV. largo batch of lough,"ouly tliat . it is ( f a . . v.n .tin I vun-tu-' nutu iic yur" with heat, are poked so that they lie evenly in tLUJ,UIJU Ijailiauj mass is "a3 revish blue'color. This - fceeded s, to scrape the scorched hair cff. " I the bottom; and now comes the kalo, this, now for the huge calabash, vhich the ready couldn't stand any more, and came away. I two bushels in. all, haying the tops all cut old 1'afis bringing out "to receive it. have been mad at the eld man ever sincf," off" for "hulies;;' the rootlets, also broken off, is' kn,ow: what a native calabash is? Dojtou cpiaiutly concludes the old man. piled evenly on these rocks, up and up into a Kever mind uaw-bbwe will find out that, miniature hill. Then see what they arc going all about them when wo talk over the nnicient "Peace, enough," you" faintly cry but nht narrow lo do with that lot of Jong, .smooth, customs of '4 he Ilawiinns. It is this kalo poi .most merciless of all the crowd commences base the of Ivound'the leaves. pile they which now interests us. green it can he teafingly: above tier in out shapes, go, Spread "You know how I love chickens. ChiekeEs thinned up with water and eaten, but it will tier, up and up, shingling, or that chiug the not bergood, for it lias only risen or fermented stewed, chit kens fried, chickens baked, they kalo, leaving only at the apexof the cone one, through the night, and is too new; two or three can never come amiss." --Well, oncq .yhile out . small hole. on my travels, I persuaded a good old n3tivg, days will .find it just pleasantly sour, and 1 i o t tc wa i m f r ad r a ol d of ou T he pail y i ngfe delicious'- with fat beef, dried fsh or roast worn an t ti e m e s ho w h c r J iow t o ta kecut the the cottage, which her" husband ponrs down inside of a chicken and wash it out, as kertto. chicken; it alsomake.s the best adhesive paste into this holo at the top, when up from the in the world; it is so rich in gluten. fore my fowls had alvays been served up to hCXted rocks comes a loud- report, and out ; While we' watch the heavy pound, slap, me by my jia;ive Tiiends .with their plump pour?, a dense cloud of steam, which he immepound slap movement of the old rtive's arm, forms" untouched by z. cruel knife, in short, on the bunch of a by tap clapping diately " stops How that we listen to stories of this same. cooked whole, inides and outr "Tkat day how ' haves. And now tha t all is seen rely covered , the wife of Kamehamehal. waspoi: so enormously I did enjoy rhy fepst! The poi was so gcod, and no steam is seen, to escape, all retreat to and so tremendous lazy, that she would not and the chicktn was boiled to a iurii. My the porch and sit down with us to fat, the shade'-udo her own eating, but was fed while lying friend saw I did not eat it all that day, so set wait during the three hours which U required down, by her attendants, who poured the sott the poPand' its contents aside until the next. to cook the mass. And. while the kalo It chanced that I walked out to her little fire glutenous stuff down her throat in one continuing the staitn bath, which changes it from a ous stream until her appetite was satisfied. of coals outdoors, on1 which was beating raj biting, harsh root into a glutenous rich vegeYou remember, how dextrous every native is delicious dinner. She opened the' pot to see if and" down the under we sit will, table, porch in the manner of eating hi3 poi, which lic the Mew were hot ei:ou''h, atd I da need oyer1 isleu to ihlTbnyTwang omkis guitarrlFFofnic takes up on his twoJrbnt fiugersj usually, givher shoulder into it. There, in tie bottom ot. tit kvi "a it tn umntonnus native meie or and twirl ifud then poppiTig" the kettlej lay all the "true iiFKTifiress'HrKhat-horribl- e, ing it of song it into his mouth. And as the hour approaches chicken, which I had. p carefully By the vvay ,ld id you ta.-t-e the raw kalo? for the native meal, and see the woman taken out the day before!" you You arc making such wry faces that I. am sure the out few calabash with dried a . bring family Collapse!! ! you have done so.: Isn't it a peculiar stiugiag fish, or perhaps raw ones a3 an.accompanimeht, Homespun. sensation, which takes hold of every nerve ami memories of other .such meals, in which the fibre in your tongue and throat, and will cot constant smacking and sucking of fingers, "out" with copious.- - draughts 6of water, bits of. makiug a series ot small, repoits, crowd upon A public reception iu honor of the dele' bnad, or other expedient-- ! and delicate digestive organs, gates and visitors U the Council: the National . And over and over again, the same strain of your perhapsdecline: the cordial invitation to you politely, Woman Association gave a reception the native girl's song winds in and out, the hu" (eat together), and wend your way in the Suffragedining-roo"ai and parlra ot the spacious the white window home in the cool rougti sea twilight.. Kiggs House Hat. eve., Ma.r. 29. The dlnbg-roocurtains about and rom ping with the inevitable one loves to relate his or her experience, Every had beeir by order of Mrs. SpofFurd, most accompaniment to an Hawiian bed, the cool especially if it happens to be of a nature to nawdiite netting. : And through the solt, hV.ter-scenteartistically decorated with the flags of all resign yourself tions and with tropical plants.. air Yighs the girl's ever recurring this one to listen. "When I was on evening ' The was so largely attended that a strain: Kauai." says one, "I was invited to a Targe formal reception management of it was simply an and very well arranged feast; everything was " Ke a Jiiii v,ci;-- fi.ii mai." In every' corner "some distinguished Poi good... will will sweet he souiyfruit3 abundant, pota(If only ccmc, only come.) delegates had halted," and there impromptu toes, fat, juicy beef, roamed with, kalo greens, were' held. Everybody seemed ; to All things endj'tritely speaking.arul a gradual (1 uau), sea . moss fresh, dried and boiled fish, vant to know evervbn-dtle. &nd the occasion movement among 'the little crowd of waiting and a most excelknt young pig How I en wa3 a cordial .and delightful welcome to the children and their parents, announces the comfor joyed every thiirg!. youth and a. one day's visiting delegates. fast, supplied the sauce for my dinner. .The pletion of the cooking. - iThs "imee" is uncovered, the hot, mealy, next day,iny gocxhnative friecds wanted to sticky kalo is ready ior further preparation. ;kuow;.if I enjoyed- my dinner. Ob, yes, I' We should endeavor t& puhhzki'' the Take & picej peel off the b!ad, woody-lik- e answered, especially that fine voting pig. Pig,V will of all men, nnd qugrrel with. no maa skin or covering, hich flipi off easily, and they exclaimed 'vtni had no that .wss'a pic, since any man's love may be useful, scd leave the root smooth and clear., put a ptneh dog!' Exclamation point!!" . every man's hatred is darrtrou?5. JBrror. ..iirnv nfr rrrfat : dark-skinne- d -- -- : aadrslow-dro'wsy-my3-all--iternuiiglo--a- cross-legge- d . " -- : . he-niad- . 1 - . . -- to .- -. stiff.-sticky'-- . . . , .. Vi r-- , per-hap- -- out . " ' To-morro- fan-lik- e --'-- w -' -- 1 - t . - f "is-'tak- '" . - - i his.s-ister- . ; . . - . breeze-throwin- m . d . .' i v ' - ; - - need-lessl- -- y; 