WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 46 Lake City, and was dumbfounded to see that some ps and officers, many and many PresidentSj-BishoSHem, do iiot pay a dollar of tithing, income of the different .Stakes of Zion representative men AVhat is the trouble? among the Why, we seem to have set our hearts upon the things of this world. We think more of keeping the dollars and cents in our pockets than to gain the blessings of God. I call upon the sisters to teach their children, in their youth, tha't on every dolllr they make, they should pay one tenth; to the Lord." If we desire the Lord to open the windows of the heavens-anshower forth the blessings of God upon us, we If you wish your sons and j must live right. - daughters to gaina testimony of the truth of .the Gospel and grow in the knowledge of the truttf then teach them that Jesus ' is the Christ, that Joseph Smith was a. Prophet of God, that Brig- - ham Young, John Taylor and Wilford Woodruff are his legal successors. If you wish this knowl- Jedge to burn in, their hearts, teacli4hem tenth a just portion of what comes into their hands. If we do not render unto the Lord our thanks, His Spirit will die out and wither within Latter-daySaint- s. : d ta-pay-ne- peLisoncexne ji s J o faiasLeGas this the our heart upon world,- vye will things of gain the things of this world and that is all. I tell you the tithing that is paid by the Latter-daSaints does not help God at all. He does not need it, so far as He is concerned. The why are we called upon to pay tithing? So that we tyould. not become sordid and selfish. Why are we called upon to keep the Word of Wisdom"? So that we can keep bur bodies pure and our spirits pure Why are we called upon to be prayerful ? So that I w e wi be humbl e . Why are the s ecgmrajndi ments given ? So that we may attain to perfection.: Theyjare given to perfect us, and fit us to dwell in the presence of God, the Eternal Father. But paying tithing, keeping the commandments and ' being: prayerful does no good to God. but to us. If vou would have your children growuptobei bright and shining lights in the kingdom of. God, that they may atinperfec-tibdoing their duties-sand dwell" in the kingdom of eternally, teacnthem to keep nil the principles of God,,: Teach tfierri to be honest witlMneir fellowmen and with all mankind, andtokeep their word as their bond. I do not feel to occupy any more time. May God bless youfone and all, is my prayer, in the name of Tesus Christ. Amen. Sister Bathsheba Smith, though having weak lungs, desired to mingle her voice with that of her sisters, and was pleased to listen to good - y . o .... , 1 1 n Q-d- - so-mah- S " tHnenfesjnd-he-a y r the gooeHnstruiiious given.- - She rejoiced at having the honor of being at the first Relief Society, organized in Nauvoo, and had noted with pride the rapid growth of the Society. She was also at the first Young Ladies' meeting or organization, in President Young's house, and had been pleasedsith their improvement since that time. She said they, were doing a good work, and was pleased to state that she was first a, secretary, then a teacher, and next a president; but of all the positions she had ever held,;she believed that of a teacher the most important. She realized there was a great deal required of us, and rejoiced in seeing the sick comforted and blessed, the lame healed, and the blind restored to sight through the administratiotrof;thesisters. And sheirged up on the sisters to teach their childrenfaith in the ordinances of the Gospel, that they might grow up pure in God, and be sanctified with the redeemed. Elder Richard Ballantyne addressed the congregation a few moments, encouraging the sisters to be up and awake to .their duties and privileges He felt to welcome the visitors, and was glad to meet to help commemorate this holy day. He was acquaintetPwith President Yonng in Nauvoo and since he lived here and ever found him 4o be ...... , a man of God, and give fatherly advice at all times. He invoked the blessings of heaven to rest upon the sisters who are laboring in the Relief cause everywhere. " The choir sang, "Praise to the man who com munes - with --Jehovah. --- - Benediction by Bishop " E. Stratford. the services, President Jane S. i At the close-ofaf hearty welcome to all the; extended Richards people to repair to the Third Ward meeting house, where they went and partook of onejof the most --com pletely-- ar ranged din ne got ten--u p so quietly. It was the remark of.everybody, "How r nicely this has bpn arranged," etc. ; The room wasWcorated with garlands of ever: greens 'and flowers; abovethe stand, in letters of evergreen, was inscribed: the chastening hand of the Almighty , may ..b sanctified to our good, that we may see between light and darkness in the great struggle that is going on. .And l wish to say that in 1842 I was sealed to my-- usband and- durin g- - this on - , J rs-e-ver -- STAKE RELIEF SOCIETY, WEBER - " , ... 188s." A large picture- of President Brigham Young was hung amid these inscriptions, and below the late Presidency of the Church. In the south window was a scythe, covered with evergreens and dec.ora- "Tidhs, huns; in open view. These decorations were the work of the Y. M. and Y. L, Associa- tions bf the Third Ward. These young people' des'ervegreat credit for the artistic display, yhich enhanced the pleasure of the dinner very much.-Thtables were handsomely furnished with an abundance of everything of the choicest in the season, brought Jxpm the several wards in the city. It was verily an enjoyablefeast, and partaken of of by all with a relish, seasoned such a nature as "added much to the enjoyment of -iyn-hundre- d the,occasjonrSix-or down to thfables spread for them: Counselor Barnard,Whitesuperintended the "preparations. Apostle F. D. Richards pronounced the blessing .. upon the food. At 1 45 p.m. the afternoon exercises began in the Tabernacle, Mrs. Jane S. Richards presiding. Congregation sang, "Come, letf us anew," etc. Prayer was ofTered by Bishop 'Barnard White. Singing, "Now, let us rejoice in' the day of salvawith-conversatio- eTeaT tion, , : Sist e r Mary Ana Hyd e, Pres i d e n t o f the JRelieL SocTety bflhe Sanpete Stake, said: Beloved brethrerTand sisters: I feel it a great privilege, to meet vith you on this occasion. 1 have been' very much gratified to meet with so many of my sisters. It is a privilege I never before enjoyed. I feel that there is a sweet'influ-enc- e in the midst of the sisters of this place, the same as there is throughout Sanpete. I was very much pleased with the remarks of Sister Richards, your President? this morning. They, were kind and gentle and motherly, and carried that influence with them that draws so many towards her. In her. speaking of the'sim. plicity of our teachings, there is so much pleasure that gives joy in labors ' of life's duties which we have to perform. We are'not here because of our fluent speaking but because of the truths, which are uttered by the speakers to us. In listening to the remarks of President Ydung7 it carried me back to the time Hvhen the spirit and mantle of Joseph fell upon him. I was there and witnessed that scene at the time it occurred. I looked; and it seemed as though it was Joseph I said to those near me, "See there is himself. even taking my eyes off for fear I not Joseph," should lose the sight of it. It was a me that he Was the right man in the testimony to right place. It hs the privilege of every Latter-da- y Saint to have a degree of revelation for themselves. I have been blessed many times by listening to'the whispers of that still smill voice; and I would exhort those of my brethren and sisters who have not got a testimony of this work, to try and it. . . get Persecution is nowr upon us, and I pray that h - 1 . S t t uiiie in piura rriage i nave n aq a opportunities of proving the principle; and I have raised a great number of "children, and I feel that it is quite possible, sisters,to love the wives of your husband, no matter how many he may have you can cultivate that love. And the "children of all will be equally dear to all. I feel to rejoice.that the Lord has given me strength to hold on unti now, and pray that Ha will bless me until the '. end. ..-:- .. ' Z Sister Rachel Grant then said: I feel very pleased, my brethrenand sisters, to meet with you this afternoonsI feel, that these societies are a great benefit to this people, andby attending" to my duties my faith has been strengthened ; but the greatest blessing of my life ,has been that I have entered'the Holy order of ( marriage, although it has been the greatest trial I can say I feel thankful of my life,. But for the experience I haVe gaie 'iJlye a good opportunity to think and reflect, as my. hearing is nQt good. I have been grieved many times at the course some of our young haVe taken, I feel very much- - interested in the rising generation, and' ' would like to see them prepare themselvesr the pergreat work of the future they will have form. . There is a carelessness and neglect among the young that3 grieves me. I was out to Grants-vill- e short time ago, and after enat conference-joying agood meeting, we came by Garfield the4 Beach, and-i- t - hurt me' to -see so many, of " ' t young people, caning tnemseiveL,auer-aaSaints, there bathing and. sporting on the Sabbath day: I feel that we do not pay respect unto the Lord as we should. I realize there is no people that. is more greatly blessed upon the earth than we are. Then, let us realize pur position as a people, and appreciate the blessings God is daily bestowing upon us. I beseech my young brethren and sisters to store their minds with useful knowledge, that theyjmay be fitted and qualified for the. events of the future. T pray that we may be humble and prayerful, then wTIFthe cloudsgTper secution roll away, and we will be a happy and free people. For I look forthemejwhenXwjll be able to hear by the power of God; and unto this end I continually pray, in the name of Jesus. " Amen. ., P resident Angus M. Cannon said: : It is gratifying to me to be privileged to.meet with you and listen tr the words of ronn- sel that we have heard, and Irust that while I address you, that th6 Holy Spirit of God may fill my heart with 'hope and my mind with light, that it is the privilege of the covenant; children to enjoy; that while I may address you, I may speak those things actuated of.God, and which will be the greatest good for us all. When ive stand forth in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we do not stand to utter our own wordsbut the words of Jesus, whose ministers we are for the Holy. Ghost is the minister unto His servants; and when He called His Apostles and sent them forth, He said: "As my father hath sent me even so send I you; he that receiveth you, receiveth me; and he that receiveth me, receiveth Him that sent me." With this commission, message and divine authority bestowed upon them, He told them they were not fo minister, when He took His departure,' . until the Holy .Ghost' should come and furnish- them with the knowledge of God and the testi- oriy they should bear. Hence, the necessity of us possessing that spirit, and being actuated by that divine influence. When I contemplate and realize that we are the ' desrpnHantc nf ClnA nhfiinincr thprnacleS of 'flesh, and being ministered unto of the Lord "through His divinely commissioned servants : ' '.. i ma 1 1 1 -- - . to-da- y, a . a - I 1 T . 1 y to-da- . to-da- y, J'.. y, j - to-da- y , -- 