WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 11 art nnp nf nitnre c nnl-iwnmpn blest with n -- it may-fin-d its place amongits kindred circum ' heart and mine that can expand so as to feel for stances. She was a Norwegian bybirth, an early con all our Father's weak and afflicted ones; and all vert to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterwho need succor and aid; and also with a hand if I was told the I have .forgotten", that has not.been withheld in times ofneed, for day' Saints. . , r n ,1 1 -o " .America, .'witn ner at all hours of the twe nty-fohas, i t be e n see n year or ner emigration-thusband an(J family. The littler means they afflicted, without ministering to the sick-an- d had saved, by dint of hard labor and close thought of recompense. ' In thy public" labors economy in their native land, was exhausted thou hast sought the glory of the Father in heaven, by the time they reached New York, but keepand the welfare of thy fellow creatures, jatner ing their eye upon the West, they pushed on as than the. praise of men. He who looketh upon far as Missouri, working their way as they things as they really do exist, knoweth the integriwent. . ; ty of thy heart. What ever thy faults may be, thy In this state they sought labor whereby to noble qualities so far exceed them, that they are raise meana to - purchase a team and wagon, buried forever in oblivion to those who know thee which was necessary, to take them to Utah. as thoti art, arid can appreciate thy worth judging The husband succeeded in getting a position, "from a standpoint of justice. I sincerely believe work thou art one of the noble spirits reserved to come, among mill men, and the wife sought among, the different families of the neighborupon the earth in the last days, so faithful thou hood. Before the year waned they found thembast been. , ; selves in possession of the coveted and much Continue faithful in all thy labors, wherever thy needed team and wagon, also one cow. lot may be. When thou leavest this world o During their stay in Missouri they (Were trials, ana snail receive again the intelligence tny much harassed by the mobocratic spirit which spirit had in its former state, united with the knowlprevailed there against the Saints, but when edge and experience gained here, thou wilt sing commence their. they were. in . alireadines3-i- o for joy the song of the redeemed. Iowa where they were to .join, an journey into - Then; takVjoy and:romforvt in thylabors of "'compunyr"SaipTseb route to ZionVthywere-forbiddeknowing that trials and troubles are necessary for to leave, and ordered to denounce ac- humble the Derfectin? Be the and Saints. of their o delusion, as their religion was; they, howA wlo fro t A liirkri r f a T rrt ir oil tKirirrc ever, continued to make preparation to leave. D. D. E. The husband had 'fulfilled his contract faith : i, " 1888. April 25, fully with , bis employers,' and could see no reason why he should be detained. To hinder him his enemies stole one ox from his hard ' ONE MORE INSTANCE. earned team, but , he yoked the cow beside the odd ox. A mob made search for the husband, So much has been written about the threatening to kill him if they fou'd him. He persecutions and trials of the Mormon skulked his way out of the neighborhood, women during, the early days of our while the wife put their few effects into the. Church, that it must seem to many that there wagon, yoked the unmatched team and started. is nothing thatis worthy of note, but has been She had not gone far when the mob assailed recorded in our journals. Yet there have been, her, and tore from her,her little son, the oldest I have no doubt, many scenes in the lives of of herchildrenr Filled with terror d:nd despair, .these noble women' that hava not found ?wnrrJ .the poor woman sought an officer of the law; except in that great Book of Life, out of which" thi3 proved no ea3y task for her, a no one we all, some day,1 shall be judged. seemed very anxious to serve her; however, as 1 On e one wi our the and she could identi fy two or three' of the . party by mothers, tnesses, : r il oueu iutjvicuuis 01 ine 01 eariy persecutions e who had assailed her, she succeeded in getrinjf the Church, are passing-iawasoon there will-ba hearings before a justiceof thepeace. W hat none left to tell the tales of trials and enwas done or said in the court she knew nothing, durance to their children', to whom the names as she could understand scarcely a word of the of . Missouri and Illinois are fraught with dire-- English language, but at the close her child ; iui reuections. was restored to her, and feeling once more One of ihese aged mothers, who was a happy, she took him by the band and left the victim to the unjust and cruel persecution of a room. Before she had gone far she was again Missouri mob.has, pagsedJ.nlQ!iLaJLquielrestihat d atehed the offieer-anfrom humble In the know. her. d she the only righteous Again sought where she had reared her sons ; and asked redres?, but he said though he was sorrv home, to manhood and womanhood, and for her, yet he could do nothing for her unless" daughters . i i it l couiu nursed her grandchildren upon her knee, her sne j . me j ;memiiy wno naa parties wronged pure spirit went softly out from the home in her; this shV could not do, as the men had which she had. known so much of sorrow and masked Uieir faces. of - suffering, to Him whose arm had beeii For . days this poor Norwegian family linaround, and whose nrnrnisps had sustained her gered in the neighborhood, begging" and. supthrough all her years of trial. the people for help to find their little All thatHoving hands could do had been plicating one, but to no purpose. To be a "Morrilon" in done, and she lay enfolded in her robe of those cruei-day- s of Missouri was only to incite snowy white, upon which the little grandchildhatred and persecution, and no one heeded ren; in loving tenderness, had each laid their their distress or tried to aid them, till, finally, tribute of flowers. Her withered, fear of death to themselves and the hands were crossed upon the bosom that had through rest of their little flock, they were forced to. never breathed aught but breaths of kindness; leave their little boy, whom Akey never saw the face seamed bv more furrows than After they reached Utah, and had bethose made by lime, bore a peaceful, holy calm again. come, more acquainted with the laws of the upon it, as though the spirit had, ere its decountry, they made renewed efforts to find from its left parture upon some trace of him, but with no avail. . earthly tenament, it the impress of its coming glory. What were imposed upon him by She was a person of not much note, and the his fiend sufferings h captors during his childish years, crowd assembled at this, her last earthly rewhaUhe end of his career was alter a life of ception, was not a large one, and was composed association with such men cruel as tkev were .mostly of thosVwho knew and loved her best, what temptations may have assailed him and and from one of those, one who lived close in drawn him into sin "and wickednesswhat her affections. I learned thisstorv of her life'. crimes he have committed, were thoughts which, since it had never been told; I promised I that settledmay around the nmr mntr'B ),no,t myseit 1 would write up in my poor way, that burden of sorrow thatwas- - lifted only when death set. his. seaL upon.hertorelieadoa-tha- t bright morning of the day on which my story t -- 'y-;z.'T.:':'y7:- :' - .' 1 ur . : . -- - lep T ft Vi 1-- 1 '. : . . -- til 1 . : y; . - assailed-4ind-a-on- time-he-was- ; -- -sn 1 1 ed ao-e- ; i.-- ". ; ':, ; . And this 'storv of hers is onlv one tale mVf of many that might be told. Hers is only one more white robe among the righteous 'throng that surrounds the throne of the Father: she r uuve ueen is one more .i made "white in the bloodeof the Lamb; one more who has gained the victory over death and her ncmife ml Tfn r.h ed that nl nop. wh a m "wicked cease from troubling and the wearv ' J -are ai- rust.i ... ' ' . 1 1 wnuie-gaiuieui- . ... ' - J. ' : .Nemo. Y"LT M. I. kr&Yr&T. REPORTS. f?7, S DAVIS STAKE. ' ' t - Conference of the Relief. The Ouarterlv V Society of Davis Stake was held in Farming, ton meeting, house on Friday,, April 20th, Mrs. Mary' S.Clark presiding. Present on the stand were Mrs. M. I. Home,Mrs. E. B. Wells nda JBrown. Mrs. Mary b. - Ulark,- Meeiing opened by singing.Prayer by.Bishop Secnst. Continued : with singing, Minutes of the previous conference read and accepted. The Relief Society of East Bountiful, Center- ville, ' Farniingt(Ai and Kaysville were then .represented by the respective presidents. Clark made the opening re . Mrs. Mary S. marks." Spoke of the goodness of God and His, blessings towards us as a people, hoped we all appreciated the same; felt sure that we were engaged in a good work and the Lord would protect us if we were faithful ' Mrs. M. I. llorne urged the necessity of at tending onr meetings; thought many did not- unnrcniato thaca nrrrfl nl 7fl f inn a o a f h atr chrviilW" we should learn the responsibility that is rest- .... r ing upon us. bpoke 01 tne necessity ot impressing on the minds of our children the truth of this work; Also spoke of the important mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith in estab-marta monv ntViot ovnollonf licliinnr tliia remarks. Mrs. E. B- - Wells Spoke of the trials this peo-pl- e were passing throughout said it is spreading the Gospel more widely than ever; was sure there wa3 a bright future before us, urged the sisters to take cre of their bodies, take time to and read md inform their minds; urged the necessitr of sending the children to the - " V; . Mrs.-l.uci- . 1 m -- -rest t Primary. ' ' "1 1. . r ; . ; 1 ne. uau nearu oecristif saiu manyi iisnop 1.1 Mi' "111 good tniugs this morning ana coula Dear testi mony that they were the truth. Ihe Keliei TT?-lr---- - rw"i-- f xr Ct 1 Ana icf . . toil-harden- ' opens.-- . fr 1 .1 ft ArrfdnnnliAno f hn f nA Kingdom of God. Asked the Lord to bless the sisters for he felt they were doing much ; Adjourned until 2 p.m. by singing "Lord,", dismiss us wiith thy blessing." Benediction ' good . ( ; : . by Brother Tibbetts. commenced Afternoon session: Meeting with singing "We thank Thee, 0 God, for a Prophet. Prayer by Johnathan Wood. Singing, "Lo, the mighty GocTappearing." Mrs E. B. Wells was the first speaker; ex that pressed herselt as being she had been able to keep the faith and endure the many trials the Saints had been allotted to A lrvocftna nnca lliitoiioli UilVC UWU gUUU itoovuu imuugu, for us, and if,we have not profited by them J very-thankfu- l L. WP T1 11 S f L1 TT JVT A tt 1 1 ft A TT 1 irtll frv urn ffcli tVlPTTl- - selves for the adversary tries harder to overcome those that have made covenants with the Lord . She also spoke on many more in terest-iu- g r subjects, among others the storing of grain-fua time of need. ... , Mrs. M. I. Home spoke of the necessity of our improving our mindsr gaining all the kndwlfdcrf that, wft fnr t.bnt rpmnins with us; while we have to leave behind us all the .flrr 