WOMAN'S EXPON EN TV 160 Christ nmary. m any. settlement in wl,; 'Whatabkising it is to fccltLat upon morals, instead of striking at the root of the have lived, as is taken here; almost every child children I feel to thank Gqd for. ail these bless evil in a more rational, manner. Legislature may name upon us, I trust who ii .old enough, attends; Jast weel.wG hA ings, and as we do bear hh "punish, but it can never persuade nor convince; e have had two presfciit. that. we maybe ;prthy and ever faiihiuJ, that we forty-twall legislation upon this subject is followed by parties ones 'this winter, little the fur "the. .times V of stand be will to not able mankind than mischief consisting benefit; more 0f rnighf.be. d uicing. intersper? with: singing, recitatinnF ; kind we which live. be can ; but by gained always they driven, etc. Many ot the motum turned out to wit' Miss ASiv SopehScc. nroner nnd wnrri encouragement rand suoDort. a " i t ness the enjoyment of; the children. t& Strllcelme right chord, the intellect, and the intel seemed Jo enjoy themselves very much, the lect properly trained and directed. WOMAN'S VOICE. more, perhaps, as there is very little"1 chance for Telia man the lawjorbidsdiim to drink liquor,, any other kind of recreation fbr them in does this convince him' of the error of drinking? t1" Editor Exponent: place as yet. ine iteiiet society and You Dg; On the contrary, it will drive him to greater uuiug.weij.. Sometime ago I was reading an article in the iauies 'vjisuciHiiuLt.uio in drinking, that he may show defiance to a - s, Respectfully, various-kindDeseret NeicT upon Crime and Evils of law which, he considers unconstitutional and an Hannah H. Romney and it grieved rue very much to think unwarrantable interference' with his rights and President of Primary Association that such wickedness existed, and that vice ' privileges as an American freemaa. ' In fact he Fel. 11, 1S8S. a terrible here. was it what Wat no example matter Increasing observes that every reform, may for others, and what ah evil influence set to emis it how be,- or ultimately may commence, have upon a community where disrepirV LETTER. ployed as a political lever to further its own dekind a What of are at able characters large. struction, as soon as the purpose for which politimake the profession who be we should and-hpeople e cians seized jupon it are accomplished, Olio, Eeb. 21, 1883-- . V Wre Latter-day be free Saints? should, of Dear-Sistertherefore considers all legislation upon moral re Wells: the world! of wicked these all from practices thereand forms as so many political humbugs, Let Us.l 03 mothers in Israel, ieach our I take pleasure in writing you a few lines. ' by, instead of his dangerous progress being retard would'' their to virtue a3 they We arrived home safe apd wellfteoisitiag guard daughters ed, it is very much accelerated. li vesHorit-- is heir relatives and- kind friends in'Millard" .Let those who are so eager tor the spread of or gems of the highest value. Teach tiiem to with'dearwho extended a hearty weleome to us. County, temperance, instead of shirking all responsibility man who Would lead them from luly shun the Our on the cars was very pleasant but journey upon the officers of the law, take it upon themobedience to parents and the laws of God, let tiresome, the scenery beautiful arid weather labor, and labpr, too m the right .him heeverSO-paliaheselves; let them Llandnreline 'd : i well, end the joy ,f i l lit: -...... pleasant. Eou nd-- 1' r pn if" i uni oror m nrinp nil i "t honorable marriage, according to of arriving home once more was mutual. j f wf "Marriage, like teaching of the present day, but a' teaching the laws of God, is the only " course to be pure Tiie Exponent is an visitor, which will impress and firmly establish in the sued in order to obtain the blessings of .heaven. and the words of counsel and encpuragament, and wliolesome DrinciDles- , .mtnrl.i - o- -k Betterse(rtnhildrcn-as well as the valuable information in it, make3 S3 that when they are .old they will not depart than to bring dishonor and disgrace upon it a priceless treasury. " from them. themselves" and their parents. Read whai is Yery respectfully, Teachers of morals, who shall not only explain in "The Gems of the leaching of "Joseph Smith Your sister in the Gospel, but who shall train, cultivate and firmly establish the Prophet, November 25, 1843," and in the Mrs. Arigail Stevens. in the minds of children correct principles, are as "Pearl of Great Price" in relation to Eve, . i t necessary as xeac.ners oi reauing, wrnmg, music, :which is excellent instruction to the daughters PROGRAMME OF THE INTER etc.; when these are once learned they are never of Zion, and will help them to understand their NATIONAL COUNCIL AT true position. . forgotten.The growing prejudice or custom in the The tender mind of the child is capable of WASHINGTON, D. C. world against having large families is one of receiving impressions which will be lasting, and the grievous sins of this present age. The which will govern his future thoughts and actions, Sunday, March '15, 2:30 p.m.: Religious Zion citizen". sons should the of Rev. Antoniette B. Blackwell, Rev. Service of a man as and The virtues or vices as a daughters marry cormnand-ment Shaw ami Zion, and should keep the first great Olympia Brown, Rev. Annie imprinted on his early intelligence never forsake given in the "Garden of Eden," viz., to others. hira, .and when years have rolled him into his multiply and replenish the earth'. Let the Monday, March 20, 10 a.m.: Formal opendotage, when the finger of time has placed its mark upon him,, when fye loses the remembrance of mothers be ever upon the watclitower, that no ing of the Council, Invocation Rev. A.B evil" befall their precious children, fof ''eternal Blackwell. Address Elizabeth Cady Stanton. events and incidents which transpired while in is the of Statement of object of the Council Susaq B, way. safety. vigilance" the vigor and rime of manhood, still he retains We would heartily recommend the ladie3 n Anthony. Discussion and appointment of verv forciblv a recollection of the srenp; rnrl im. blTf more particularly our sisters in the Committee on Permanent Organization. pressions of childhood, and can bring them to view "general, take and to read our little paper, to Covenant, Monday, 7:45 p.m.: Education Mrs. May as vividly a3 though they wfere but an occurrence Woman's so the be that Exponent, they may ' Wright Sewall. "Higher Education;" Pundita of yesterday. familiar-witwhat 13 going on, and what Raraabai. "Women of India:". Mrs. Sarah B. more Were there but one fourth as much money paid r- - Relief " Kiudertjartens.' b du done, in Discussion-MrJ- Ti rts Society Cooper. ; -away, but one fourth as much exertion and indus-tr- y and jmg in all the Stake3 ot as also incur Louisa Reed Siu .veil (Michigan University), bestowed upon the proper cultivation of virtue' A?sociations. These form Zion, a part of our duties, Rena A. Michaels, Dean of Woman s Prof. and morality among children, as there is expended ourselvc-sowe we to it' and we have got Col if jaud vans ton; III; Alexandra Gripenberg, upon their improvement and progress in reading, to do Ave if ever attain we what 'to of Finland; Mrs. Mary B. Willard. something writing and all scholastic attainments, what .a have in view to become Queens and Priestesses Tuesday, MarchT-- 7, 10 a.m.: Miss II. R. glorious moral generation would be the next." in the celestial kingdom. Shattuck, presiding: Philanthropies '!Wo: "V. One word more; our "would be friends" are men's A I. A CAM A. , of Unitarian Society," Mrs. Auxiliary still very assiduous in their labors towards us; D II. Richardson; ''Ladies of the Grand Armjj we would have thought their ardor would have Republic," Mrs. Laura McNeir (president);', LETTER. cooled down a little before this time and have' "Prison Reform Work of St. Lazare (Paris). enowed them their folly, that verity and Madame Isabelle Bagelot; "Woman's National Rockville Cr.XTRE, N. Y., Fel). 28, i3S8. force would never win in such a controversy as Indian Association' Mrs. Amelia B. Quintoa, Dear SisTitift, Ebrroii Woman's Exponent involved the right of conscience, or the (president); "Society of the Red Cross," Miss IN THE CllURCH AND KINGof man or woman; it may compel AND Clara Barton, (president); "Hospitals Managed. ' the body, but not the mind. DOM of Latter-days:-- . By and For Women," Ednah D. Cheney, Your aDd sister in Go? the pel , I wisji to occupy a small space in' your valuable president N. E. Hospital for Women ,. Children. paper. Thiic wus a bn.ull .branch organised ut Mill Creek, Eeb. 17, T8SS. : : Rockville Centre, Long Island, and a Relief SoTuesday, 7:45 p.m.: Temperance Frances E. Willard (president of N. W. C. T. V-)-, ciety, ofwhich there are nine members. A good "Woman and Temperance;" Mrs. H. Whitali K. S., V. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. spirit prevails. We have sent a small sum of REPORTS Smith, "The World's W. C. T. U.i its Object money to help complete the Manti Temple. We and its.Pians;" Dr. Mary Weeks Burnett, The remember the poor 'widow's mite, that our Savior juarkz, mexico. .National Temperance Hospital;" Mrs-- J- - k; speaks of, and considered it a blessing to donate ' Editor Exponent: Barnev, "Prison and Police ilatron Work; something. Those that had embraced the Gospel before feel thankful that Jesus has owned them for Our Primary Association of this Discussion Jilrs. E, L. Saxon, Mrs. Clara place, His shiep, and sent fishers and hunters to bring is Juarez, Mexico, ' prospering nicely; I have' Hoffman, Mrs. Caroline Buell. them back into the fold of Christ. never seen such a universal interest taken in Wednesday, March 2S, 10 a.m., Mrs. Laura ' r we-ar- ! o tha-trial- v- s v ; v';j - ex-.ces?- es -- - . v . ' - it-mu- st . - -- -- -- . i i. w a 1 1 lur-iuiu- ii- 1 at-hom- o - ; ever-welcom- , . . - -- " . , . -- at-ho- . me gE , -- soul-principl- es .K - . , i.p. - - - . -ilr- arairB-CrrserrrheTempTrancTemple.- . j 