V 123 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. TWO CITIES. 1. sacrifices been made; many arei n exile, others in prison. Perhaps my experience has been similar to that rof other of my sisters, and this is the first New Year's Day that our family Jias been privileged to enjoy together for four years, and this not under our own government,-am reminded of the words of an Irish song: Side by side rise the two great cities, Afar on the traveler's sight; One, bhck with the dust of labor, Onersolemnly still and white. T 'Apart and yenogeiher7" ' ' . They are reached in a dying breath, "Must we ask a mother's welcome. But a river flows between them, And the river's name is -.- death. The hills with uncovered foreheads, Like the disciples meet, While ever the flowing water., Is washing their hallowed feeti Arjd out on the glassy ocean, The sails in the golden gloom Seem to me but moving shadows Of the white enmarbled tomb. '.. -- Anon, from the hut and the palace. Anon, from early till late, They come, rich and poor together, ' Asking alms at thy beautiful gate. And never had life a guerdon So welcome to all to give, In theTancT where tfieTmng "are dying, As the land where the dead may live. . ' 0 life-cu- They know not the tomb from the palace, They dream not they ever have died; God be thanked they never will know it Tfll they live on the other side ! From the doors that death shut coldly On the face of their last lone woe: They came to thy glades for shelter Who had nowhere else to go. Miller Hagerm An. NEW YEAR'S DAY. mi . xuia KT T 1 ' 1 r .1 merry mak- . the-litt- ' T J xsewx car,u jaj7Tuua.cupotry-xa-- l 1" 1 the cities previously mentioned. Our next stopping place was- Cincinnati; being dark and Gaining 'very heavily 1 had no opportunity of Llll UVVIU lI . jJ in the on our City of, New way, arriving' again York Sundayr somewhat fatigued; and put up "utrSmith and McNeil's Hotel in Greenwick St. I found this hotel all that any one could desire, for elegance, comfort and economy. When rested I took a stroll through this ,city of extreme wealth and squalid wretchedness, and said to myself, how is it our Christian senators concern themselves so much about the morals of the "Mormon" people, when they could find so much wider scope, with much more gratifying results for their philanthropy - . - - 1 . ' far-fam- ed . nearer home? Hoping this may escape the waste basket, to all I wish a happy New Year. , Irene. . O silent city of refuge On the way to the city o'erhead t The gleam of thy marblemilestones Tells the distance 'we are from the dead- Full of ieeiy but a city untrodden, Full of hands, but st city unbuilt, Full of strangers who know not even p lies there spilt. That their - Y " though the oornparison may not. be' very appropriate. Three years ago some of us were ma k Log: a- - toilsom e j on rney-v- i th our i t tie on es, under most uucomrortable circumstances, traveling through mud and tnow, passing over a hF bleak mountain year, saved from perishing with cold only by a kind Providence. Two years ago. surrounded by parents and friends, but far, far away from my husband, our family widely scattered, and feeling the greatest anxiety for the welfare of the absent Ones. One year ago; oh, how vividly that comes to my mind, the mingled .joy and sorrows-sorr- ow at parting with dear aged parents, with ho hopejofseeing thein again in this life, with kind brothers and sisters, rand joy1 in the sweet anticipation of soon meeting again with the one dearer than all others on earth, after a cruel separation of nearly two years. .The past year has indeed been fraught with many changes and new experiences to me as to .many ot my sister?. . Life seems to be made up of meetings and partings, disappointments and pleasure, which are sometimes strangelymixed and blended. Undertaking a railroad journey of hundreds of miles, with a family of little ones,"but feeling a. hundred Jbld repaid for all the care and "anxiety consequent thereto, by the reward reward received, the privilege of once again asso ciating with my husbaud and our family., But my happiness was too great to last unalloyed by sorrow. Death claimed for his own one of my loved ones, leaving a void which cannot be filled; a mother's heart cannot but yearn for the dear one who has elipped away, and her le mound thoughts often wander to which covers the mortal remains, although we know it is foolish and wrong: to grieve:, we know not the temptations and snares, which might have beset his path, the dangers which he has escaped, and should feel to acknowledge the hand of Grod in affliction as well as in prosperity, for "the Lord giveth and the Lord taketh a,way, and He doeth all things well. ' Kate. roadTTjn-thertrdayf't- TV1 i , 1 I had heard before leaving that this s was once the home of some of our older brethren, I wondered, while gazing at the palatial residences,, when the time would come when the Saints should be permitted to dwell in peace. rv n rt 7Pfl l i aii vr Air la TITO O at St. Louis next all but the Sa'nt part the streets are narrow, the houses high, sraoky and 'dirty, and, to my mind, much inferior to I Of a strange, but happier land?" Apart, and yet together, Together and yet apart, , As thehild maydie at midnight" On the mother's living heart. So close come the two great cities, With only the river between; And the grass in the one is trampled, But the grass in the other is green. Rev. S. and-a- 1 -- Jan. 1, 1887. ' - youth only as a holiday, a time of ing; but to those of us wno are older, more ITEMS OF EXPERIENCE. serious thoughts will come at this time. Another year has been numbered among the Dear Editor: things of the past, and another page of our life's history has been turned over. How many As I do not wish to be forgotten entirely by. y what of weal and woe the sisters m Zion, I thought that a few inci . are wondering this coming year will come to them? This is dents of my experience would not be uninterest something which no man knoweth; the future, ing to the readers of the. Exponent: so far as details are concerned, is a sealed 1 leit tne Uity ot tne oaints anout a year book' to jus; and it is well that it is so. "Suffiago, arriving in Ogden at ten o clock the same cient unto the day is the evil thereof." And morning. We immediately proceeded on our if there be bitterness and woe, disappointment journey, arnviug at Green River about midand Borrow in store for us, it is a merciful night, where we were detained several - hours Providence which1 hides it from our view. And waiting for the westward bound Express to if it be joy ami pleasure, more keen will be .pass. In due time we arrived at Cheyenne,, our appreciation and enjoyment of it, that we where we changed cars and continued on our " knew it not before hand. We. should strive at journey, arriving in Denver about six o'clock all times to cultivate a contented spirit, and Wednesday evening. We remained here some feel that whatever besets us it is all for the four hours, which gave me a good opportunity best. to view the city. The depot here entirely Thoughjwecannot peer into the future, we eclipses our modest little one in Salt Lake City; are not denied the pleasure (a melancholy one there are many magnificent buildings, and the it of though may be), retrospection. Many of. city presents a scene of bustle andthrift. The our people have had a pitiful experience, caused cry, "All aboard," greeted my ears as I arrived by religious persecution, even in. the last few at the depot, and in less time than, it takes to years. Parents and children, husbands and tell we are on our way again, speeding through wives are separated, families broken com, up, fortable homes have been abandoned, and great The next plac of interwt wai Kansai City, to-da- Ine-darkne- ss. NOTES AND NEWS. in her Iowa has 18,748; women teachers schpols. have just young women graduated .from Bellevue Training School for nurses. r Twenty-fou- r - . m ... Miss Ro3e Elizabeth Cleveland is writing a life of St. Augustine. She 'expects to have a a volume of poems ready for publication in the spring. . The beautiful town that Frances Willard makes the scene of her stay, "Gladys and Her Trycycle," is, a real place, Evanstown, 111., -where Mi3s Willard has lived for thirty years. The characters only are imaginary. Mme; decorated- Furtado-Heine- , - who was recently the Cross of Jthe Legion of Honor for hercharitable acts, has. just founded, Guerande, on the French seacoast, a maritime hospital for scrofulous children. Queen Victoria is mourning tho death of - with passed away at the mature age of 94. Miss Skerritt had seen service under Queens Charlotte and Adelaide, and had nursed Queen Victoria, tho Prince of Wales, and other royal children. Mrs. M. P. Lemon, president of the Newton County. (Mo.) W. C. T. U-- , and mother-in-laof Col. Sobieski, is oyer eighty years of age; yet, during the late local option contest, she canvasedthe whole county, speaking in every township, and carried the county for prohibi. w tion. - Dover, N. II., Jan. 17. Yesterday there was a surprise at the annual meeting of the stock holders of the Dover Street R. R. Co. Mrs. Mary E. G. H. Dow, a wealthy resident and leading advocate of woman's rights, was elected treasurer. She'is the first woman ever chosen to fill such a posstion. Miss Jane Gibson, of Glasgow, who has just . died at the age of one hundred and two years, was the founder of the "John Gibson Bursar ies" in Glasgow University. She moved in the brilliant Edinburgh literary society of the Georgian period, and was able, until the last few days, to take a lively interest in public and, literary afiairii Ju. ., : 