it n work better for this rest, and is your work easier and better in this .way, be brought out a little book giving practical hlzis on domestic hygiene. Mis3 Marion TaHt, brave enough to do what seems right to you. I know how this is. Well I remember the Jong, secretary of the Collegiate Alumnae, tz&Yts a hot summers when I denied myself much needed snecialtv of this subject, and has given a tsL ..rest, and for fear of what others - might say, tnahlft ronrse of lectures UDOn it to tM w?- - n , rr .' toiled, on until it seemed to me the kinder idea sciacwueie. Women at nr.ii.i entiejauu of heaven was the , most blissful one. until the very sound of my children's voices was a posi- IN MEr'ORIAM. tive pain to me. But thanks to. one of the Died, at her home in Richfield, Sevier Co., Uui, A?rZ best of husbands who insisted ,that - because others were working themselves" to death was 16, 1888, after a short illness, Sister Anne Kathrcie Fascrs beloved wife of Bro. C. Poulson, and daohteV cf J. C, found-a-bettno reason and MarttifcnOutzen.T SBe leave? Tat 'fcSSS g way, and would gladly lead all tired, workers children and numerous relatives and friends to Escr3 ter to see the value of economizing their strength and giving themselves the hdur of rest, if they loss. In behalf of the sisters of the Relief Socktj, cf wixi would keep their faithful hands on the house- she .was a faithful member, we extend ocr teart5tirrs- hold Avheels. and not lay down their work half pathy to the bereaved family and friends. SLe Lis prvirri ' done for some other hand, to fimsh.-T- te Farm herself to be a loving wifea kind mother, and drctd " .'.-and Fireside. ' the cause of truth. May we emulate her example. Maida McL. . J. M. Christexsex Trest. ft. Maria Hansex, Secretary. right Why does not the it uist- as raucbf loo ( fihe allows herself is when she often, all the rest sits down to eoothe a iretting oaoy, anu iu?n her mind is busy tninKing ori meI woxI. vei, tu , Ana . onrt1 flf. - na IT v ioni ' muiiJLr ucx tun J uwuv, thrmiP-her imagination, thus robbing herself of the little rest sne mignt nave gameu. that they should have it. : ran be saved bv wiseand ctrpno-t.- systematic planning by doing everything in ine eaalCbL vuv, nucu uu vuu r therebvi Of rnirrse. there are many kinds of house hold work that cannot be Blighted, but there ATora tW nnn. It is a steo in the riht direction if, when ironing day comes, the and towels being neatly ?heet3. pillow-case- s folded.- a board laid on top and a weight mvow placet! on' mai, uicv aioy icn. w can underclothing All the common, every-da- that-I-shouldrI-- , nlLtkotiannnoeoaru. Kl' ironing on one siae, ana n some wririiuets are is better -.v4lzwl ;11 r u Uiz"i W thev will not do any. harm. It house- WtW he in the clothes than on the mntl'pr'fl brnw. I know one of the neatest of. housekeepers who told me that in the summer towels she irons " all her sheets, pillow-caseand Dlain pieces by sitting out .under a" tree and running them nicely ioiaea, tnrougn ner " . clothes wringer. One thoughtful woman says:. "I have pasted on my sewing mabhinethis query: "Is it neces. sary or reaily beautiful? Is it worth my time, strength and thought?" Since I have measured all my sewing by that rule. His surprising'how tucks, rullles and superfluous stitches have vanished, and not only strength saved at the , wash-tu- b and sewing machine but also at the ironing tauie. so many ot tne orautiiui, Do "summer days in a hot kitchen making jellies :i i and preserves, riain, cannea iruii is mucn more healthful, and takes so mu6h less time to fprepare. : 3 just as If the fruit must cheap to buy it ready canned and frequently substitute the fresh fruits, which "Can be so fhfxri v brin flit, in the winter, since cold storage - - NOTES AND NEWS. - - rV La Revue Scientifique des The directors are already. chosen: A Fanmcs. lady who is a physician to the sultan's seraglio 13 a (corresponding member, lhe editor is Mme. Renoz, a Belgian. chairman of the executive com mittee N. V. S.f A.:, especially urees the vice presidents to attend immediately to the matter of writing to the delegates from their districts to the remaining political conVehtions.nrmncr eir favorable action -- upon the memorial which will be presented to them by the Nation-- , '..V ai w; S.A7 Mrs... Gage, d . , . .THOMAS . Vl JlUlt L1U1UO ;UaVO UVU 1U No one will be the sufferer if jellies and preserves are stricken entirely from the bill of fare,i and.i the already overburdened housekeeper tit pe me : win gainer. Not only should every housekeeper regard it as a duty, to save herself all the work possible, but if she would make the most and the best IB-S- I . , , The late Emperor of Germany disliked to hear any one speak slightingly of women. When he was;Crown Prince, an officer once remarked of a wou nded comrade', that, he was "Never make that "weeping like a1 woman--' comparison," said the Crown Prince with a frown. "Crying like an unweaned child would be better. Women have more fortitude than 7 men." I ' tr SALT LAKE CITY. . " : ' The Leading Retail - ouse E.K.THOMiS C asli , Mrs. Emily Crawford; the Paris correspondent of the London Daily News and of. the N. Y. Tribune, who has accomplished some re. to- nave-- a se nl markable feats in journalism,-- , was.' asked the give herselL an Jiour of quiet rest every day other day by a" commissioner of the Pall Mall and to take at least a part of that rest lying Uazette, "What is the best way to attain exceldown.' I know many women will look upon lence in and to keep it?" She an- -' as swered. journalism, the idea of lying down in the day-timbe very genuine, and to "To keep bewholly absurd and impracticable, but-- I wish tween two poles and the present moeternity those who find the daily round of household ment. Do not about pester or the cares and duties becoming almost unbearable, next day. Go at the. business on hand; and and who go to their beds every night with rise above the accidental and enaching back, tired" heads and weary feet, vironments, by doing best and then foldyour would try this plan. I am satisfied that they arms lrke a fatalist. your, ing We lose so would soon find it economy in more ways than much force in not frank and genuine; we being one. - Nature will not bear everything, and if so much and to no worry purposein not leavwe.cdntinue to carry burdens far beyond our. Providence or Fate a very big place irwmr ing strength, a breaking down will surely come at calculations." last and rest be enforced. It may be the long and dreamless rest. Florence Nightingale" says, in a recent letter: ' If you caunot take the hour all at once, "Without women there nan Ka nA ,i take it part in the forenoon after the hurry of hygiene. Ihe finest principles, and works ot morning work is done, and part in the after- - sewerage, water supply, and ventilation must, nnnn Kofnro frpftinfr sunher. If tbprf?i fl bnJiv ; without the housewife, almost remain a dead-letteBut let her be to be nursed, lie down with it, persistently shut practically instructed how to keep air earth and water the work away, and, if possible, fall asleep pure, and to yourself for a few minutes. One rests so admit light into her house, and the health and much faster lying down than in any othpr posimachinery is Complete." The ot Collegiate tion. Alumnce; amonits What if some neighbor,happens to come in other good works, founded a Sanitary Science and find you lying down, and straightway reClub, which has instructed a, numberof youn2 ports you "shiftles3?"If you find that you can do women m" this important subject,-anhas her&eih-sne-mus- mmm eagle . - . ad " scientific, review, 1 . isi 26,-184- A Hindoo Girls' : High .School . has been started at Allahabad. It has already more5 than a hundred pupils. . Certain Frenchwomen are about to found a . JllJU . Die:d, at her home in Richfield, Sevier Co., Utai, 25, 1888, Sister Mary Ann Ofrock, .beloved iflzd I'xu. W. C. B. Orrpck.and daughter of Williani izd llizj Ogden. Deceased was born in Hallith Wood, Ltosajre, leaves a LtftiLaad Kngland,- Pec. children, besides a numerous host of relatives izd irxriiis j to mourn her loss." She was an exemplary woman, a devoted rzclez 3 loving wife, and a consistent Latternday Saint, and behalf of the sisters of the Relief Society, to wiici belonged, extend our sympathy to the bereaved fcilr, and deeply feel her --loss. ' J.M. Christens en, Prest.R.S-- . Maria Hansen, Secretary. Mrs. Garfield has given 810.000 to the Gar field University a,t Wichita. . s, - er . r lpft. in not-spen- have - - i . V . l,,oh 1 x nxea-purpo- " e to-morr- TINNERS CAS,WATER & STEAT.I FfTTERS -- ll-debasing . -- : r. hfe-givin- g As-sociati- d on Agent for RUMSEYS celebrated LIfTaai FOS-- E PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Ordar ircm the country promptly responded tov DAVID JAME3. V . Box 306, SAL LAI 2 Special to the Ladles. AT. TEASDEL'S Will be found-- the latest styles and piodactivtL -in - -.- - - - . : LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERH5, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And an elegant assortmenf of GOODS: Ladies' Special department for aDt's Shoes. 112, 114, 116, 118 Miss '' " la-- f Ea&l TevipU SLrteL ' 