. ti SI u i . a t of, the Women FORGET-ME-NO- ADDRESSED the-rose- TO A FRIEND. .'. In the hush in the. Valley I dream . - . 'songs that I slng; - And the music, floats ttown the dim valley; Till each finds a word for a wing t That to hearts, like the Dote of the Deluge, v message of 'iieace lley may bring. that gin ran ties 11 - . have seeri; thoughts in theallcy Ah nie how my spirit was stirred ! their faces; A4Kl4ly-wr4-vl-Their footsteps can scarcely be heard; They pass through the valley like virginsToo pure for the touch of a word I 1 I , ! Long ago' was I weary of voices . Whose music my heart could not win; Long ago I was "weary of noises . That fretted my. soul with their din; Long ago was I weary of places Where I met but the human and sin. - - Do you ask me the place of that valley? ' Ye hearts that are harrowed by care-- ! It lieth afar between mountains And God and His angels are there; And one's the dark mount of sorrow, And one the bright mountain of prayer ' ! ' Father Ryan. COitRESPONDEN CE. Mrs. E. B. Wells: i Through the kindnessof one of Utah's ynost gifted ladies,' I am occasionally favored with copies of some of the most popular and ably edited journals published in the interest of the Mormon Church. I have read with pleasure the many forcible arguments offered in defense of the faith and practices of the MMJrmo'" people; and while 1 do .not endorse that system of religion, I think H is entitled to a greater degree of' respect than is usually accorded it I regard all religions by the religious world. tainted as being slightly by the festering sores of prejudice ahd superstition, but I am disposed allann whatavrjejiia st; pleasure and gives to its' advocates should in this most life, they certainly happiness ' be privileged to enjoy. 1 have carefully observed the course of the Government in its radically persistent efforts to effectually destroy the Mormon Church, and rob a sincere and honest .people of their greatest source of religious, social and political enjoyments. . I cannot. conceive why the Government with a Constitution" founded on the broadest and most liberal principles cati so far violate every element of justice and right as to attempt to deprive any portion of her peo-- . mode f worship, pie of their and force them to give up all claim to the beautiful temples, which they have erected at the-mo- walked in the world" with the worldly;, I craved what the world never gave, And I said: Tn the world each Ideal,' That shinesTike a star cn life's wave, Is wrecked on the shores of the Real, And sleeps like a dream in the grave." I And still did I pine for ,the Perfect, And still found the False with the True; I sought 'mid the human for heaven, But canght a mere glimpse of its blue; And I wept when the clouds of the mortal Veiled even that glimpse from my view. of the human, And I toiled heart-tire- d I And moaned 'mid the mazes of men. Till I knelt long ago at an altar And heard a voice call me. Since then I walk down the Valley of Silence ' . That lies far beyond mortal ken. c . Do you ask what I found in the valley? " 'Tis my trysting place with, the Divine, And I fell at the feet of the Holy ' " And,above me a voice said: ''Be mine,'' And there rose from the depths of my spirit " My heart shall be thine,l' - An echo Do you ask how I live in the valley? I weep, and I dream, and I pray, But my tears ar.e as sweet as the dew-dro- ps time-honore- jr. j - , . 1 t 1 i (Uynhexr ing ! tQdeaLlmgtlv hy - . as I do iir their inter-- , warrants me est, My" hurried interview with you at your cosy little oliice, the call 1 made at the pleasant home of Mr. alid Airs, iloiace Whitney, and the pleasure I enjoyed in visiting all your public buildings and places of great interest, will affird'mc many a joyous rellection a3 I journey along .hc highways of life. I frequently rf ad the ExroNENT, and truly admire' the bold logical manner with which you deal with all questions pertaining to public interest, y 7 W ith kindest ishe,i for you, and your oppressed people, I remain, as ever, Your liberal journalistic friend; W. II- - B. " . down the Valley of Silence Down the. dim, voiceless valley alone And I hear not the fall of a footstep Around me save God's and my own;; And the. hush of my heart is as holy As houses where angels have flown j jiL&illJLak &n ' . . ! ' s " - TWe-wreat- he ' happi-ues- fe.-tiviti- -- Hid liberty and ' every Atnt'iican li(iinc. I see by a late paper, of which I ain a curres- pundciit,jiUt Uiiitul States Marshal Dyer, as i eeeivlr, has tt i.f d the Morinon Church Presi-.!- ( iit's Dfli'ce, bo'ks) lulgirs, etCiTbi eventj will yfford-'.- choice theme tor Christian prayers in the glorious during the holiday land of religious 'liiierty.' ly brief acquaintance witti the "Mormon"T merit . Tiponlo thV; kind and -- lioinitahln trwit .... I (VTl t rJltr-t.. r t r ulf n l f But far. on the deep there are billows;. .That never shall' break on the beach; And I have heard spngs iirtltesi'enceThat never shall float into speech; And I have had dreams in the valley Too lofty, for language to reach 1 , Ivy-mantl- ed He, ! all-th- - 1 e , I walk -y to one portion of the Anuiican )eople, and conof prisori signs another to tlie horrid Cnelo.-urwails? lrave, guurous Ghristiain! gallant gtatesmen ! for shame desist from, a heartless peioteurion, anil give 'to others the rights essential t( n he Ts ace, h a ppirress aiul - ejijoy men t of , s ; SONG OP' THE MYSTIC. JEi' No. 23.. llSSS. in May; That fall on And my prayers' tika the perfume from censers . Ascendcth. to God night and day. ;' ' ' T. There is a flower which oft unheeded grows, Arid blooms unnoticed in someshady spot; Modestly, it hides, nor gaudy petal shows, Hat whispers coyly to the breeze, "forget me not." The bride should, wear it when, she leaves her home, ' ' The dead should have it on their coffin hid; Our friends most prize it when afar they roairi, And find its tiny. blossoms in the glade; They love its p ile blue blossoms,, for Jhey call to mind or cot Some Woodbine-wreatheleft are and loved most Where those, behind, prized, For in the floweret's eye they read'Korget me not." the conquering hero's brow v ith Hay, And twine the Myrtle for the bride's fair head, ' With Laurel crown the minstrel for'his lay, And plant the Cypres? o'er the noble dead; " The Rose is emblem sweet of constancy and love, While giant strength is by theCedar shown; .V The" Lily tells of Hope and Peace above,1 . And by the sombce.Yew is sorrowAnowni. Yet when on earth nv rapre our form is seen To wander round some loved and hallowed spot, May. to dear friends our memory still be green, Whene'er they see the Btue Forget-me-no- t; Upon the grave, then, let the dainty flower bloom, 'Twil help to soothe the pang of mortal lot, Relieve the sadness of the darksome tomb, And breathe the last fond, wish "Forget me not." M. A. Greenhai.gii. "" Meadow, Utah. d, -.- -, of Zidn, and tht v Rights of the Wovien , of all Jfati&ns. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 1G. THE BLUE i ' r. Vol. ! if -- .0Js f vv IP1 d great expense and long years of labor, and dedicated to the worship ;of the same. Deity, at whose shrine all Christians bow. T born in and all American, I am a native have I where traveled, and among countries all the strange people with whom I have mingled, I have delighted to speak of the great liberality of my "own dear mother land;" but what argument can I now offer in vindication of the cruelty that is now being 'practiced upon the Mormons, under the name of law? What can I say of the grand old Constitution" . AMERICAN WOMzlN SUFFRAGE ASSOCIATION. Among the distinguished women leaders in tlie cause, of equal rights and women suffrage, one of Ehe foremost is Lucy Stone, President of "tlie" Ainerican W. S. A. and Chief. Editor of Woman's Journal. Her individuthe Bo.-to-n is ality quite as strongly. marked? methinks, as that of .an woman jiving. Borii and reared among the New Euglandhillsshe has partaken characteristics of, the coun- abundantly g Liiyindependehce of thought, a purpose and an indomitable mil; which were all expressed formerly, by the one word "capable," that meant in the largest sense capable of managing one's own. affairs, efficient, , etc. This remarkable woman-L- ucy Stone was one' of the first" woman graduates from Oberlin. It is said of her that when about to. give ner graduating essay, sue ae- sired to give it as an oration, but was forbidden by the faculty to do so, and was told that it must be read from the paper. She held the paper in her hand, but behind her back most of the time, while she gracefully delivered it as . an oration. T 'xl. TT TT. ....... !..:. T11 11 ner marriage wilu xxemy jj. umvciif also one of the editors of the Woman's Journal,-ana strong advocate of woman's rights, was after she "had made a world-wid- e reputation te- and woman-sunragas an former.". She has always regained her inaiden name, though "her wedded life has been exceptionally happy," and her love for her husband vis, we feel positive, just as true, and her devotion as constant, as though she were called Mrs. Blackwell. They have one daughter, who fjears the name of each Apce Stone Blackwell. She is associated with her father and mother in. the . : of-th- e never-ceasin- -- self-relian- t, 1 . . " . -- anti-slaver- , y e 