v t - WOMAN'S EXPONENT, the Saints have 'been called to pass yi the.cat ly days and times of the establishment of the Church. k Every page of the book is full of interest, and all those who participated in .the 'events- therein dethe author's scribed; will feel gratified version of the trials, troubles, persecutions and afflictions of the Saints. The statement of Lucy W. Kimball, in the third chapter will be read with intense interest everywhere. The price of the book is $1.00, and it should be widely circulated. We trust the .time, will come when there will be Therefore, the women of the LatterTday Saints peopta Ijpoks enougbpublished-by-thi- s can pursue the even tenor of theirway, and perfhome market Reminiscences cannot fait to orm the duties of laying a sure" do good and to please and instruct, as wejl as foundation in the hearts and mirids of their childrbenefit all who peruse. its pages. in of that (tjie. knowledge they may grow up en, in his .His nd ways, walking precepts and u4 memoriam. obeying His commandments, and while they do these things,' and all "others required, the Lord LIB DIE 'WELLS. will fight their battles and provide for their the bondage of their enemies in Again nr sadness we feel the loss "of another His own wayi to the astonishment of those who one beloved. It was all so sudden and so strange, are waiting and watching for their downfall and. that only as the days pass by and we no more see destruction , her lovely face, or hear her pleasant voice in the familiar places where she was wont to be, do we begin to realize that it must be true, and she has EDITORIAL' NOTES. gone, gone from our midst; that "already kneeling at the throne, she has received her welcome, - arid - is resting on-tbosom --of- her Savior" The Deseret Sunday School Union have Calmly and sweetly she seemed to sleep,and,no one cently issued a new Sunday School Hymn Book dreamed it was the last, long sleep, from which she The book is well printed and neatly bound m never more would waken. Carefully they moved-arouncloth, and is of a size suitable to be handled by the (darkened chamber,and only in whispers the children. It contains 254 pages, and 11 1 spoke, for fear of waking her, until long hours . hymns. The title page says," "Hymns and Sacred had passed, and still she slept, strangely slept; bongs," "Designed for the use of the Children of in alarm they tried to wake her, but all in the Latter-da- y Saints." The index is carefully then vain; cries, calls, entreaties, moans, were alike arranged, giving the first words of the hymn, and unheeded; the angel of death had claimed her, the name of the author of each piece. There is and was bearing her soul into another realm. a reference to music explanatoryand Index to - How natural it must have been to her to fall subjects. In fact the book seems quite complete, into a painless, quiet sleep in her earthly home, ;. and must, one would think, be a great help in the and to awake in heaven; but, alas! how strange to Sabbath Schools and elsewhere. Every child us to see one so cherished, in seeming, health, should have one ; children are always impressed sleep her life away, and never utter a single part with hymns and songs learned while in their ing word. Her few years on this earth she doubt young and tender years. They remember the now recalls as but a happy dream, and in her little verses they recited and sang, 'en down to less glorious home awaits its fulfillment, when, with old age," consequently it is of the utmost importall her dear ones, now so sadly bereft, she will ance that they should be taught precious truths dwell forever, evermore. and pure sentiments in their little lessons. The ' By all who knew her she w as greatly beloved Deseret S. S. Union are doing a good and noble and admired, not alone for her extreme beauty work in many ways quietly, as well as in the Sun and charming manner, but her devotion to her day Schools, to educate and benefit the children "If ones and her motherlv tenderness, loved of the Saints, that they may grow up to be an human love has power to penetrate the veil (and honor and blessing in Israel. TKe hymns, have, hath it not?) then there are yet living here a few heen selected and arranged with great care, and who have the blessedness of knowing that an angej with earnest " thought, for the welfare of the youth loves them." ofZion. The book will. certainly prove a bless- Many and beautiful were the floral offerings lcg to all, in the schools and in the homes. from friends, who could do nothing more, only by Printed and for sale at the office of the Juvenile these swe,et, silenUributes express their sympathy Instructor for 25 cts. and love. Sweet and exquisite were the songs "Reminiscences of Latter-dasung at the home, ere her mortal body was borne Saints," hy L. 0. Littlefield, is the title of a to its last resting place, and eloquent and inspiring very handsome issued at the office of the Utok Journal, were the words of comfort and hope uttered by Utah. The book contains 208 pages, and friends whose hearts were also bleeding. is in close, readable We dare not question what we do not underfor old and young. The type Utter-da- y Saints have a great deal of material stand; strange thoughit seems to us that one so " or this sort of writing,"and plenty of historical "'needed here should be called from earth,' we truly cts that are sufficiently interesting and teeming, vfeel, "Thou hast all seasons for thine own, O. with death!" and some daft perhaps; as we wait and variety to suit all classes of reader's. It is d in praise our v'ery ;cornmendab!e in Bro. Littlefield to a wonder, the mystery will unfold,-anup get Work nf ihc ...., riuu iu- auu i. me mjiaues 01e me ..hearts will say, "God 'knew "the besf.. . iu iL.,i!L..J people. There is so much of the literature of the Mary Elizabeth, the daughter of H. S. and e at ls not fit o be introduced into the homes Marion M. Beatie,and the wife of Heber M.Wells, ?f rAVa5 OOin at oau UKC uiy, icc. y, io$o,uiiu faints to look well and died on Saturday, Oct. 13,1888. A ide circle carefully into this matter, see what books are their being read by their child-n- ; of friends mourn their loss in losing her, but and if they want them to cultivate faith in the, hearts ache more lor the sorrowing husband, the three little children Manning, Hebe and Mary gospel, it will be a good thing to give them such as the one just1 out from the widowed mother. pen of Bro. in the home so lonely, and the u.eficld.-;.I- t contains many truths told in a If sympathy and kind wishes can aid, they are ,S?apuicay, iikely:t0 make 3 vividiaiprcsslon of yours. A. W. C. ifJSCnes and incidents through which many of openly declare falsely concerning can only have the'most severe the situation, they are in the hands of OneVho contempt. But the); nows the secrets of all hearts,, and who will cventuaUyi'corae out of Hishiding place ".and those"-huntil that'time wickedness will prevail, and wish to keep the laws of God win be persecuted hut for those Who walk in the. light of ,the gospel, and are steadfastclinging to "the iron ' rod," there is no red of fear. ,. LIU. and boldly and - g " '4-- " r : - .' - " ' " Art thou mindful of him, thy oung life's only love, ',. f.di'i would seel; thre Whose fond son!, sorrow-bowe- -the d, " -- v.tt;--. above," Save 'twere duty to bide where stem destiny's thrall Has enchained him a captive awaiting (Jod'i call? e, ; , ... T)ost thou dream of the sorrow hewiillrsg thee here, Of the once happy home, of the he'arts'sad and drear, That were wont to bnm over with ffmdness nnJ glee? del;ghtTf 'twere absent from'tliee. Though tljey ne'er .. every-day-Jif- " ' .To the rrgio:. of reit, whuc the LILsful aLIJo, Hocked ta Sleep.on tl.e waves of r,t?niii 'j tidr Thoit art gone in tl.'c bloom of thy beauty so r.'re, And a LrigLt star has dropt from Lite's finnamcf4-f-uV- ; ' -- -- ... P Will thy angel heart yearn for love's tender' caress "From" thyT7ttIe6nes7 left in the world ii?ot!ierles? ' Is memory immortal, or aught to thee noiV. The burdens 'neatu which thy soul erstwhile did bew? In - t Soft asfalk from the fountain of life the' glad d?w O'er the ilow'r, till it blossom anew", Was the voice that gave answer, so silent, so swe e?, Ne'er did music of earth the rajtsense$ so greet: sun-wither- : -- . t ed - "; Dost thou mourn, love, my'abscnce? " IJchold I am i.eie At thy side, though unseen, and shall evt-- be near. Deem,?ae not with the dead; 'tis from death I am free; And 'tis thou that art with them my. darlings and thee. r he For am I not still thy companion and fiiend'i Or can death break the sealing that knoweth no end? Where else should I be love, than here at thy side; Ever near thee to cheer the, whatever hetidr? i d . ... And our babes, though bereft of a mother's (3bl care In the life 1 have left; skill they not claim a sl'.are Of that love which alone may the ransomed e'er know, s they lave in its waters, or bask in its glow? . w-- Is memory immortal? Aye, ever and e'er; All that life hath e'er known, or forgotten, h here Plainb writ in tlieook of the soul, where we read jDf the heart's every hope, of the past's every deed. Ne'ef grieves the glad spirit o'er pains that are ' n, . 4- -- . ' .0. To my dear friend Hebe, October, , P." WlJ ITXKY, 1S3H, NEW "ORGANIZATION. , On Tuesday, Oct. 16, 18SS, a meeting was held at Hunter Ward, Salt Lake Stake, for the purpose of organizing a Relief Society, Jlishop Miller pre- siding. Meeting opened by singing, "On the mountain tops appearing," etc. Prayer by Coun. J. T. Evans. Singing, "An angel from on high," -- . . jok pa-f- Nor sighs for earth's pleasures, too sinful to last; For the summit is gained," and the mystery riven Of ths wisdom of God and the glory of heaven, .1 v . -- .:...... etc.." The Bishop made a few suitable remarks . in re- gard to the object of the meeting, and Presf. M, I. Home followed him.speaking concerning the ob jectand effect of ..these organizations; referred to the many benevolent institutions in the East, and also to the interviews and conversations she had with the people. she met while abroad. After she had concluded, the Bishop spoke of his interest in the matter, and his anxiety to have the sisters in his ward organized in conformity with others, and nominated Sister Jeanette Coch- President of the Relief Society of ran to oct-aHunter, and Sisters Charlotte Neilson and. Eliza- beth Evans, Counselors, Mary Cochran, Secie- These tary, and Sarah" Morris, Treasurer. -- ofiicers were unanimously uAtainel, ami se venteen sisters who were present gave their nanies and The were enrolled as members of President and other officers were then set apajt by the Bishop and. his Counselors; Bishop Hard-maof Pleasant Green, was present and as". V sisted. . After the organization was . completed the Bishop made some remarks upon local duties, and -- 4' s . the-Society- n, - . . 