29 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' In the home, the pupils are cared for as well jis of; After the meeting' was over 'ice cream and own mothers. Such a cake, were served, and all felt they had enjoyed a they would be by their season of refreshing from on high. The cultihome is necessary on eccount of the distance and where froin which the pupils "come, they must vation of spiritual gifts lifts the soul into the higher atmosphere of thought and feeling and helps one have a common .shelter. The. girls will be taught ful in the house, so that to attain to the perfection which is the aim of t make themselves-useLatter-da- y Saint. ; ?7? : they may be able to help their mothers at home. "every true machine and cookhand learn sewing, plain They A new stimulus" is likely to be given to sericulof cakes and making pies, ironing ture in" ing, baking, the Territory of Utah, and as there are and other housekeeping duties, all. taking turns many throughout the valleys of this fruitful region; every week. Some of the girls thus taught have who have made great efforts in this direction, we become' good cooks, to the delight of fathers and feel sure they will' be glad to learn that there is' brothers at home. The Institute employs a reguto be renewed exertions made by those who lar cook to do all the .work, and instruction in likely household duties is given byvthe Matron out of will aim to make as success of the undertaking. Senator Chandler-haintroduced a bill into the school hours, so that neither jfnteferes with the Congress of the United States, asking for an' apother. The young lady teacher, who teaches propriation. for $150,000 to establish silk stations will, reside at the articulation ''and' for the encouragement of this important branch Institute, and have general supervision of the of industry in the United States. Father Graves, ' orirls out of school hours. t , l r " Board and Tuition will be charged at the rate of .of Provprwhp has for years been laboring untir- -' ingly in thisenterprise, has written to the Agricul$$ per week, tb those who are able to pay, and to in Washington, and laid before others who reside outside of the Territory, but in tural department them some details of what has been done, and case of inability to pay that amount, the applicants what can bejdQ.njeJnJtatrin this direction. Now wilLi)eadmitted fre e of .ehargeras thrtregrslature -he is anxious to obtain further statistical informahas provided liberally for 'their, free education. the sub-- " tion, that he may This applies only to residents of the Territory, to Congress, and'obtain such help as is needed and none such need be debarred from coming to ject " for Utah., Bro Graves wishes to obtain positive ' school. information of the number of mulberry trees in The requisites for admission are, that the appli Utah, and this can be done more readily by the cants should possess a sound mind in a sound sisters reporting to the Relief Society, in each body. The age of admission begins at six years, ward and Stake. He also wishes to ascertain the but is not limited upward at present. A three number of persons that have been in the past, or , years' course of instruction is provided for those who are now engaged, practically in in who cannot spend more than that number of years any of its various departments. All this can be ; at school. Even one year of training has done done systematically through the Relief Society, wonders, and touch good can be done under sucn because of its perfect organization throughout influences as surround the Institute. Bro. Graves assures us that the Books and clothing only must berpaid for by the the Territory. Governor of the Territory is backing him in this pupils. Board, lodging and tuition are free. Two project, and also the Chamber of Commerce, but plain, but strong changes of clothing are all that as the Relief Society has been active in the work p is necessary. it will be a most interesting fact to The next term begins bn the 3rd ofSept., 1888, of what-has know really been done by the sisters and continues with a two weeks' vacation between in this home industry. It is to be hoped that the Christmas and New Year until the middle of Relief Society everywhere iu Utah will respond . June, after which the pupils go home for a three assoon as convenient to this request. Presidents . months' vacation. of all the branches of the Relief Society in Utah It is to be hoped 'that no deaf mute of suitable are requested to lay this matter before the sisters age, out of the" two hundred or more now in the in their first meeting after receiving this notice, Territory, will neglect the opportunity of an edu- - and urge upon the secretaries the importance of -r. cation thus afforded them. The Institute is at collecting these statistics. Please make your re present located at Captain Hooper's beautiful port from each branch to the president or secremansion in Salt Lake City. . tary of the Relief Society of the Stake in which All communications should be addressed to Dr. you are located, and after these reports are ex- J. R. Park, President of Uuiversity of Deseret. amined by the Stake President and her board, she is hereby notified to forward them to this office . lip-readin- g, . - 3 . more-perfe- etl sent " 1 seri-cultu- re Tuesprogramme of exercises be carried out next day in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. In addition to the Pioneers' entrance to Utah, it is also desirable to perpetuate the memory of in 1849, Schools Pioneer the Sunday in the Fourteenth Ward ofthis jci ty, by- Richard Ballantyne, and its wonderful growth to ' the present time: ,., - i PROG R AM M E. 4 Music, SixthWard Silver Band; Song, 4Our . Mountain Home so Dear,"Sunday School Children; Prayer by Assistant General Superintendent George Goddard; Song, Tabernacle Choir; Opening Address.by President Wilford Woodruff; Organ Solo,Professor Jos.J.DaynesjFive minutes' Address, Brother Richard 'BallantyrJe; Song, on page 24,' Beautiful Zion,"Sunday School Children; Sentiments by General Superintendent George Q. Cannon; The Soldiers' Chorus, Mclntyre's Glee Class; Speech by one of the Pioneers; "Hail Columbus,"- - Bras& Band; Remarks abouLihe Plow that turned the first'sod in Utah; Solo, Mrs. Agnes Thomas; Xylophone Solo, "Andante and Polka," A. Beesley; Song, Tabernacle Choir; Sentiments; Song' Utah the Queen of the West,' Sunday S chool Child ren; Benediction- .George Goddard, C. F. Wilcox, John C. Cutler Thos. C. Griggs, W. Willes, Thos. E. Taylor and' J. W. Summerhays, general committee. Thos. Mclntyre, E. Beesley and Jos. J. Daynes committee on Music. C. R. Savage and Francis i Lorenzo Cope, committee on Pioneers. James Dwyer, W. C. Morris, Priscilla Jennings Matilda Barratt jind Priscilla Staines, committer on decorations. An invitation is extended to those outside of Salt Lake City tojbe present on the occasion. The exercises atUhe Tabernacle will commence promptly at 10 a.m. The south and west gates of ; : the Temple Block will be open at 8 o'clock. D.-Yxran- g, ? , seri-cultur- e, " -- . . A EDITORIAL NOTES. s aaaresscu iu mis. n., u. w ens, oa.11 laxc uy, (Corresponding Secretary of the Central Board of , L Thb Y. L. M. I. A. of the 8th. Ward in this city, held an interesting meeting in the Ward Assembly Rooms, Tuesday evening, July 10 Mrs. MaryP. Young,Prest of the Association,and Mrs. Mary A. Freeze presiding. The hall was handsomely fitted up for the occasion, and roses and bouquets of lovely flowers 'were scattered here and there, giving a soft, sweet tone to the effect of the decorating, at the same time, suggesting the refinement and culture of those who had the management of the affair. There were quite a number of visitors present by invitation. The singingand music was excellent, the selection of the songs also testifying of the good taste of the young ladies. The exercises of the meeting were of a high order and gave good promise of the intellectual and spiritual improvement and growth of the Association. During the evening one of the young sisters visitor arose and sung inspirationally"A song ' of Zion," such as we have never heard before since the death of our dear mother Whitney. Her voice was clear and musical apd the highest notes were full of melody. It was in answer to prayer4 and was the of the Holy Spirit in such rich draughts that all present felt the effect there out-pourin- g the Relief Society). The. Cor. Sec. will then prepare a suitable and full report for Bro. Graves to send to the Agricultural Department at Wash-- , ington, and also as a. record of woman's work in Utah, which should be published in Jthe Expon ent, in connection with other matters. PIONEER DAY. If there .... i is one day in the year that appeals to the. patriotism of the citizens of Utah more , strongly than another, next to Independence Day, it is the day when the first company of Pioneers arrived in this valley, on the 24th of July, 1847. Though in poverty, yet with an indomitable will and strong faith in God, they faced crude nature in all its forbidding aspects, and laid the foundation of one of the grandest States on the American continent, jwhich Utah, the "Queen of the i West," is sure to become in the near future. It is therefore but a fitting tribute to the memory of the Pioneers who have died and alsda tribute of honor to those now living, that the following -- CORRESPONDENCE. Lees Creek, Alberta, June 19, 1888. Editor Woman's Exponent: Dear 5 1 ster: As we have a temporary Relief" Society organized, and our honored Sister and President, Zina D. H .Young, having arrived here and met with us, we thought, pe , the minutes of our first meeting after her arrival would not be . amiss. May 24th the sisters of Lees Creek met at the residence of President C. O. Card, Prest. Mary " . "IWoolfesidiirgr" L. Farrell. Singing, "Do what etc Prayer by G. is right." Minutes of previous meeting read and ' accepted. Prest. Mary Woolf made a few opening remarks ; rejoiced that our dear sister bad the privilege of coming to this land, and could meet with us; anti' cipated a good time. Prayed that the Spirit of the Lord would be with us, that all might be dicta- ' ted by the same Coun. Annie Layne felt weak in speaking, but rejoiced in being here among so good a people; felt very thankful that our honored sister could be with us ; felt willing to do her part in rolling on this work. Sister Sarah Daines was pleased to meet with our brethren and sisters on this occasion; said we were blest in having Sister Young with us ; desired to dp good and assist in the work before us. Sister Z. Y. Card rejoiced to meet with us, and her dear mother; could not express the joy she felt in having her mother with her at this time. Compared our meeting with others she had attended, all being present that had their names enrolled. Spoke of the relief given to the poor, although administered by the sisters it came from the bead of the family. Said our sisters at home were deprived of the care and support of their S- - 