WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' " " " - remembrance," and looked back to with feelings of admiration and reverence by thousands yet unknown Jn the work. The Council with religious services, in, which six women, with the' title of Rev.,, will take part. The sermon will be by Rev, Annie II. Shaw, subject, u'The Heavenly Vision.'' This is a new feature' in the gatherings at Washington, but as the public-worwomen- - are doing in the world increases in magnitude', it may be expected that there will be new departures from the old beaten tracks, and it is quite in keeping" with the idea of an International Council, that it should open with considerable ceremony, as it will make iball the more imr " 7 posing and important in history. , ; Monday morning, March 26, will be the Formal First, music, "The opening of the Council." Promised Land,'.' followed by an Invocation-R- ev, Antoinette .Brown Blackwell. Address, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, President of the National Woman Suffrage Associat ion. After the address there will be, "of this celebrated woman-leade"an announcement of Committee on Permanent" Organization," followed with music, which will Exponent YYOMA N'S EMMEUMl B, WELLS, will-commenc- EJitqr. . Published seimoutbly, in Salt Luko City, Utah Terms: one copy o no year. ,'2(K)- one, eon v sli montiis, ti w. leu i,.s for thy price of nine Advertising rates: Eacli fiquare, ten lines of nonpareil A liberal discount 83a00. , month. timf - ' 'l Vim-'J Tftr ' I to retrular advertisers. . - " - T"(VV-w.v- - - Exponent - oU'ice, No. 2" . K., South Temple Street, second 10 mm News Office.....Business hours fron ' ate eastoflseret to 5 p.m. every day, except Stiday. v jAddress all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S" EXPONENT, -- - ' : salMake ' City. Utah. 15, 1888. March Salt Lake City, : GENERAL ANNUAL CONFERENCE. -- The Fifty eighth Annual Conference of the r, Saints will Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y commence at 10 o'clock Thursday morning, April rth.YRSR in the Tabrrnnrle. Salt Lake Citv. members of the Church are re The officers-anspectfully invited to attend. - . closethe jnornl ,VlLFOHD;LyOQDRUEFf behalf of Ihe Council of the Twelve Apos- - In" tie's. 7 ' .WOMEN. 1 1 , done." Ednah D. Cheney will speak: upon "Hospitals ' ,. - ... Managed by and for Women," then Harriet N. Morris, "Missionary. Work," Amelia B. Quinton, "Women's work for North -American Inldians. . , t. Llara tsarton, -- Aims ana uDjeas 01f ine Kea Cross Society." In the evening the subject will be "TemDerance." and Frances E. Willard will . '. . . . ... . . . 1 .r.lT : 1 1 ""Tr. f Other speakers, famous in the temperance cause.-armentioned; topics, "How- to Reach the ments, and 'always commands strict attention; she has excellent executive ability, and is the Chairman of the Executi ye Commit tee of: W S. A. Hospital," J'The Temperance Temple," "Our Reasons." All these are to be treated UDbn bvThe next speaker, on that occasion will be Pundita Ramabai Sarasvati;- subjecv'The Women- of women accustomed to speaking in public, and of India." Of this remarkable woman we have, a national reputation in the Temperance yvork. ' h 0 ice p n a not her page. 'Wednesday morning, 28, will be devoted to the After "The Women of India," the Kindergarsubject of "Industries." Mary A. Livermore of Woman Mass., the Delegate of tens, by Sarah B' Cooper, and then comes the Suffrage Association, will address the Council subject, "Discussion" Louisa Reed Stowall, M. " S. F. R. M. S. "Retrospection Prof. Rena A. upon "Woman's Industrial Gains during the Last Hall Century. Other subjects, "Women in the Michaels, Dean of Woman's College Northwestern University. Then the Grange," ''Women in the Knights of Labor," "Women in the Trades," "Women as Farmers." Delegates from Finland and Denmark, Cora A. uenneson (liryn Mawr), "Fellowships for The last named topic will be by Clara B. Colby, Women." The evening meeting concludes with a ditor of the Woman s Tribune, Beatrice, Neb,, ten minutes' speechfrom Martha McLellan Brown, a Very able speaker as well as editor. The paper College, Cincinnati. , March Tuesday morning-rage Association. .The evening has for its subject, 27, "Philanthropies."1 At this meeting .Harriett R. Shattuck, Prejst. of "Professions." Topics, "Women as Educators," N. W. S. A. for Mass., presides. The' speakers "Women iriJournalism," "Women in Medicine,". will be' Isabel C. Barrows, i'The Work of Uni "Worn en in Law," ''Women in the Ministry," farian Women," Jennie Fowler Welling, "Woman ''Women and Finance." The Hosing addrpsswill as Missionary," Laura McNeir, Prest. Ladies of be by Elizabeth Cady Stanton. the Grand Army of the Republic, Isabelle Bage- Thursday morning, "Organization," Prest. lotWork of the St. Lazare. " As she is a Matilda Joslyn Gage of Fayetteville, New York, stranger toour readers, we giv'e a brief sketch, of at one time Editor of. The Ballet jrIitheJeading ' thewoman and her work. " , suffrage paper- published Hhere ; the name was Madame Isabelle Bagelot.directrice of the work" afterwards changed to the National Cttizen-anBallot Box. Julia Ward "Howe of Boston, Presf. ,' for the discharged temale prisoners of St. Lazare, of the Association for the Advancement of Paris, is the French Delegate to the International Women, will make the opening address, upon Council of Women at Washington in 'March. "The Power of Organization." Other noted Madame Bagelot is not known in this country speakers occupy the time, from ten to fifteen and fnd a notice of her and her work will be of twenty minutes each. Susan B. Anthony will be out.ia wiua ucsLiiucu uy ivi. iviaxime de the last of the fCamp, in the speakers during the morning. . "Revue des Deux Mnnrlc " tV Lillie Evening subject, "Legal Conditions." 1887: Devereux Blake of New York, will speak upon "Her prematurely white hair shows that she 'Legal Disabilities," Alice Scratcherd, Del. of has reached an age which brings experience Edinburg National Society for Woman's Suffrage, weakens the illusions, allows one to look at "Legal Conditions of Women in the ThreejKing-doms,- " things as they are, yet preserves all the warmth of Alice Fletcher, Special Indian Agent under ' the heart. This lady .it is who visits the the' Severalty ill, "Legal Conditions of Indian prisoners (women; both betore and after the trial, hears Women."; Afterwards "Discussion," each lady meir story, sins tne truth from falsehood: arouses being Hotted ten minutes J)r. Ruth M. Wood, courage, shows the possibility of a better future to in charge of the IndustrTarHome in this city! those who are willing to work, and often awakens Matilda Joslyn Gage, Lucy Stone and Mary A. hope in despairing hearts. . . Livermore. "She has but one methodrpity for every sinner; Friday morning, 30th, subject, "Social Purity" and she extends a strong, helpful hand to those (for women alone), E. Boynton Harbert presiding. unfortunates who, by a single error, have been Elizabeth Lisle Saxon will b the first speaker. made to feel it impossible ever to rise again! '7 She of our Probably readers will many her remember suggests one6f the hb'spital nuns of the Middle visit to this fall of 1882. She delivered-- a. cityJn the Ages, who went about through plague-stricke- n lecture in the 13th Ward Assembly Rooms, to - 1888, in D. C, a Albaugh's Opefa House in Washington . : M c r t . r granu council ui vv omen irum vanous pans 01 .the world. We have all heard of Woman's Clubs, Woman's "7 Conventions, Woman's Congresses, Science Societies, and many representative meet ings of national organizations called by different names, but this is the first time on record that the women of America have "held an International Council. It marks a new era of woman's position before .the .Avorlth.Bot that apyvjQndfrfuLeyenL will transpire in consequence of the fact;" but that. woman's views,, opinions and sentiments on ques-- J lions of public importance have come to be recognized as sufficiently' popular Io be' able to rally not only. in a national, but an international capacity. The union of women in this w6rb will be a strong lever to lift them from comparative obscurity to a much higher and loftier plane, and w ill rrive to liievarious-detfartmen- ts of woman's !..- -- ..v.... y- ent. The Council is called by the National Woman Suffrage Association, althoughtit is not by any means intended to represent suffrage alone, but all nationally organized work by women in thjs and other lands. The Council will-bof an inter- will bring into contact with estingxeharacter, and each other some of the great and learned women of our own and other lands. The Council will open on Sunday, March 25, at 2:30 p.m., and will continueits sessions eight days, holding two meetings each day. This .International Council is intended to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of:the first public demand ever made for equal educational,, industrial, professional rnd political rights for women ,at a Convention held at 7' Seneca Falls, New York, in 1848. . That Convention was the first demand on record by women in this age of the world for equal rights, and from that timeYuntil the present, the leaven created there has been fermenting and permeating as jt were, the nations of the world. - That Convention may have seemed to many of little inu portance,. a few men and wdmen coming together and expressing their views ancfopinions publicly; work Begun there has assumed gigantic proportions" since, and the gathering in New York State will be held in most "honorable e - tmrihe-progress- ive - . There' will be assembled, March 25th, . ' - INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF ' -- . 7:30 in the evening the subject will blTEducation, the first speaker May Wright Sewall, of Indianapolis, and with whom we have had an interestiiVg. aToJuam is an excellent speaker, clear and forcible in her argu- d cities, gathering together the dying in whom even one last gleam of life remained. "I imagine that she must have received many more confessions, than the. lawyers, many more even than the priests, and that these confessions . . have taught her never 10 aespair 01 me conversion of a sinner. She addresses to them no reproaches; that would be useless. Why revert to an accomplished fact? She tries to arouse higher sentU ments which exist, to kindle into a flame "the 'spark' which still gleams among the ashes. "The practical sense oj a wise woman has. faught'her that there is no soul so debased that it does, not preserve in its secret chamber ascertain mysterious"" something where the dignity of the human being remains. This never dies' in .the soul it does oft times sleep. The work, then, is to awaken to' a delicate and difficult task, in which women excel. This work brings no favor or reward, save the sense of a high duty nobly - -- 1 . the-Americ- an ari - -- d . . " . " ;ft'" -- : 