WOMAN'S EXPONENT. been publahed for;i years in 1 the Roman's ."repository, the Exponent, over the'signature of Hope. Her sister also possesses in a large 'degree the poetic re Airs. Belle Russell Johnson : Her' poems'! published' in the Exponent are signed, "Millicent." She, like her, sister, is too modest to use her own name. And let me not forget; to. mention one whose verses are always comforting, and inspirational Mrs . Esther A. Bennion whom, like some ,of the others, have never, seen, but know-an-d appreciate their poetic taste. have not mentioned all whose .names are familiar to me thro'heing a -- 'reader and worker in the editorial rqom3 of Mrs. Wells' ofEce,..but:I should like to tell ot will speak many others, and one more -- have t Smile on me, thou Spirit Divine, ; And open my vision "to see 7 That richesiorgiveness, and strength And guidance, and conquest at length ' Are mine by unaltered decree. Ex. .AuburndaJfe, June, 1 r7 -- OUK PRESENT SITUATION. The present time is ohq of vast importance to the youth of Zion. The old, and those who I have borne the burden and hardship of introducing the Gospel to thi3 generation, arerpass-in- g awayand the (continuation of the work they have begun will fall upon the shoulders nam" of their "sons and daughters;" and the Questions of hereLillie Freezewhose writings are of are,'"Are they prepared for the great tender and full of fine feeling, revealing a responsibilities that will rest upon them?" "Do pathos that touches - sensitively the inner soul they realize the magnitude of ." V"';r of woman. "Have they embraced the opportunities Of others who are entering .the beautiful-field- , for learning that have, been given them .from pardon me, that I do.not say more,. but. time-to-tiand soughtio-obtai- u a knowledge write on, and your own works will tell your will have The He themselves." Lord fpr says r . story. a pure people, a people "that are free from the evils of the worldthat are willing to bear the1 ElGHTY-EIGHTscoffs and' jeers of 'We ungodly, all for His sake, who died to redeem and bring us back into the Our fathers to their graves have gone, presence of our Father. JTbeir strife is past their triumph won; ; How will we be able to stand unshakenrun-- " Bfit sterner trials wait the race less we know for ourselves, unless ' we live ' Which rises in their honored place prayerful and humble, pure, virtuous lives, be A moral warfare with the crime chaste, honest and long suffering, seeking the folly of an evil time. Lord with mighty faith? "If we do not know for ourselves that the Lord hask truly spoken in So let it be. In God's own might this our day, seek diligently with a contrite We "gird us for the coming fight, ' And strong in Him whose cause is ours hearty or we cannot stand the trials that are before us in the-nefuture. The "Lord has In 'conflict with unholy powers, fit to withdraw from the midst of His peoseen We grasp the weapons He has given, their leaders and mighty men, and, as it The Light, and Truth, and Love of Heaven I ple" left to' themselves for a season, were, they are. John G. Whittier. ' to try their integrity, to see it they . will still cling fast to the, iron rod. THE FAITHFUL WORD. But it will be no trifling thing to' be a Saint in The adversary very deed in the future. BY ALICE C. JENNINGS. has great power over the people, insomuch that many are falling by the way, and cannot stand, "No word from God shall be void of power." Luke even some that have had 'great manifestations : 1: 37(R.y.) of the power of God. Then, how important it. warn rt ttf r f yvn iit Am nil " "No word from the Lord shall be void : : to-da- y r . g?" , , d- scs, . I ; but-I-fin- lan-propo- : . an extra exertion' in regard to writing ior the truth 6f tha adage Exponent, bur God disposes.". I had only been at home one day, And that was Society conference, when a poor boy came to me, sick. Tojoake it intelligible, I must go back and tell who he; was jr is. A small company of nin? members, came frotn Palestine last fall, converts who had been baptized by our son. ' J3?hey are all Germans or Russian Germans, ine rest got worK, anu and very hue people, left us but this youjig man, eighteen years old, ; who remained mosf of the time with 'us, audi natural abilities and kind disposi- owinc: tion, we became much attacnea to nim. xie called us ''pa and ma." He went away to work this spring, and came back sick, as we supposed, with rheumatism and fever, but the oToctor said it was scrofula, and he would die. of blood -poison. We have stood over Tiim night and day, and I hope never to witness such a thing ' v .. 7 ; gain.; Mybject in givingthis to thopublic is not to trfll about the poor boy's sufferings, buto draw a moral, if I can properly express my feelings, and tell my sisters how little we knowof the world, its sin3 and.sufferings-thatrth- e sins oT thfathersHairbevTsTfed "olnnTcliird- -: ren is a terrible curse. ' Nevertheless the fiat has gone forth, and it is unchangeable. One of the Palestine' brethren tells us that such things are common- in that country, and that the AFabs rot and die in, if po3sible, a more terrible way. 7 The crime for" which Sodom was destroyed is rotting them ,dowa' - . , me : . T - nd " ar to-hi- s ; ' ? - -- , - " 7 when mere boys. .i ; to will criticise dare the Bible, and People who be God would order sayitrinust a terrible whole nations to ,be slain, sparing neither women nor children. But God knewt)their natures, and knew that wherever the seed came, i in contact Svith Israel it would pollute them, God knows many things, which wo ignorant, mortals cannot Ujidersiandi ripr do not dream of. What do those living in ' pure homes, with healthy children .around them, know of rottenness, and corruption? X( doe3 not come under their observation; .their imagination cannot embrace itJ We' heai'Jof - the wiCKeunesi-tn- e world, but From the Dure ' thi w circles' we1 do not forany come, mat we may not oe taten ny sur trouble ourselves about the sins, we do hot have to answer for. Our husbands; are ' virtuous, prise, that'our lamps may be full of oil, that comes we will be ready when the Bridegroom and our children are . pure, and we grieve that ' to receive Him. t God should have laid a commandment on Hia Oar associations are organized for the pur people to keep them so. T TT iL.i T I. - 11 pose of learning the principles 01 the (jrospel iiesays, "ii x win inac x Bnau raise up a . ; . T- m utiuatrHC'-Buuuiuu&jwi-iuc-Htti.Liuuna- 1 .Can it be that each promise With impression that, never destroyed, Througtrthe ages 'still stands unalloyed As a law that is never, repealed? led may-be-prep- Vv V Vv v short-sighte- d f C ufli ared ngiat-myitmosphere(f-)ur-ho- 1 me ' -- Then I surely may claim as my own Each, message of power and of peace; May take it direct from tne tnrone , As though to me uttered alone, fear that its comfort .shall cease.. X-- . ' or I" My God shall supply all your need Is the promise so true That the pain and the sorrow decreed ' .. And. the failures and sins that impede Thrdugh His help may be conquered anew? ng . ;thy sins as a cloudl" 'I havetellblotted once more me this ' ; . ! promise I rise but to fall, and am bowed aa In repentance, to find I have vowed , But a pledge to deplore. Oh, , new-brok- en Like the rocks by the sea, " By its doubtings my spirit is torn, ' 4,My grace is sufficient for thee, Trust .now, and at last thou shalt see ; ; He meaning of all thou hast borhe" I am weak. r I am blind, O omnipotent Friend, And I know not the way I should go, "I1H11 guide thee will keep to the nd ' ' From the perils around wfll defend, And each step of the pathway will show." - "Whosoever on Me doth believe O finai completion of joy The conquest of death stall achieyeV : The fulness' of life shall receive And pass to unfettered enploy. ' fact, everything that tends to elevate, instruct and ennoble the son3 and daughters of Zion, and prepare us for the great events and responsibilities that will rest upon the young in the near future. .Then, my dear sisters, let us strive to be one, for the Lord says unless we are one we are not His. Let us try to build each other up; put away all evil from our hearts, and seek to do good. iLet us pray for our young sisters of the presidency, that the Lord willinspire their hearts, that wisdom arid, understanding may be given them, and that the power of speech and language may be theirs, so that they may be able to impart1 the instruction necessary' for . the advancement of our society.' to rest God of Praying for the blessings upon all who try to build up Zion, I remain, Your sister, S. A. Fullmer. , Y. L. Manuscript Paper, Orangevile, Emery County. CORRESPONDENCE. I came , 1 1 -- Individuals are rotting, nations are rotting, and disease "and. death are strewn broadcast and transmitted to posterity. If we could visit the hospitals, we would see sights to make the strongest shudder, for our own fair land is not free from this terribly curse, nor the crime that breeds it. And yet 'the country is indignant that tnen should marry and. raise pure children, and throw '.the protection of God's law about the. family circle. Men must be persecuted and.thrown" into prison for carrying out the laws of God, and protecting their' wives t and children; while" bagnios are licensed for the ' 'protection of. respectable people. " people." ' - ' M. ' : ;: J. Tanner. Miss May W. Whitney, takes the place held' by Maria 5litchell as professor of astronomy V : . at' Vassar College. . .7, about dower, about divorce, abotit , Our defense against husbandly squandering pf estates, about the holding of property', will never be w Sat they ought to b6 until there arei a great number of women "with severest legal ' acumen, able to "shape statutes and confront ' courts on these questions. Dr. Talmage, las ; !- Dear Sister Wells: " , .'. from Manti fully, intending to make , . 