WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1Q MAN'S' Exponent 4" -- LAfAfLLMi 1 Jidiior. WELLS, 1L FuhlLshed semimonthly, infill. .Lake ;ity,jLUab TerjiU: one copy one ye.iA ?2.p; onq jSopy sfx' monthn, 81.00,,-yTccopies for the price of nine.' Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil -- . 6.00. ipuce, one Ume,f 2..50; perroonth, ' to regular advertisers. A , ; liberal dibcdunt - ! , No. 25 E South, Temple Street, feoond Office.- Business hours from 'lO a.itt News .of Dcscret east gate ' ' to 5 p.nu every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to rUJJLIsriEK ROMAN'S EXPONENT, Isai-- t Lake; City. Utah.-- Exponent office,' -- -- - . .T- ' Salt ImI;j City, Utah, as tit the' J'ost Office rn Second Class 'Mailer. L nt red Salt ' ' June i, i8S3. Lake City, MANTI TEMPLE DEDICATION. 898,-wa- s st Sa'h'pe te CoT, on thc--one of the" greatest events in the history of the" Church. The Temple itself is ..the grandest.one yet built in this dispensation, and standing, as it - -i Jdny-of-Mayy- does, in the sideof the mountain, which has been partly cut away, that .this house of the Lord might be established there, Lrives it a prestige which no other Temple has, and the' terrace york belaw; adds grandeur to the sufroundings7ahd"gives to this superb edifice a very imposing appearance! In the early morning (lay of the dedica- of-th- e east entrance of the Temple waiting for the opening of the doors, that they; might enter into, that sacred place. One could not help feeling beforehand the importance of so great an occasion, and to be1 peculiarly impressed with its solemnity and significance. It was calculated Jto make .the ' look backward to the ages lung past, thoughtful, when the arcient people of Israel builded temple's unto ihe Most H igh, and recall the events recorded in history of the Lord's' dealings with them from. time to time, and to awaken in the mind many lofty and inspiring themes, both of the pa si .and pfes ent. The L; itter-- ay S i: n t s h a ve b pen t aught much concerning the objects lo be accomplished and the ordinances to be performed or the living "and for the dead vin Temples, and it fills the " human soul with the most sacred and heavenly. emotions to contemplate these wondrous subjects, revealed only through prophets and men of God to. those who are willing to render obeclience-tbe a divine Jaws and commands. It indeed, to attempt to policy ini wrords the sentiments and emotions that thrilled the Saints on the memorable hearts of the Latter-daof the Temple, dedication at Manti, even occasion before they entered the doors.. Looking about on that assemblage of people, flocking around the archways and doors of the building, and remembering who "they were, gathered from many . naiious, one ui araiany auu iwo ui a. "iy, inu now coming up to. the- JFouse of Ihe Lord in the tops of the mountains, for such, indeed, it seemed, these, and;a Ihousarid other thoughts, upon kindred topics, passed quickly through the mind; and even there one could easily fancy that the spirits of fhe' departed hovered near, waiting for the demonstrations, that were to herald the work to be done for them in this holy Temple. The bands vere playing. in the distance, and the music floating out in the. clear morning air arose like an orison to heaven, but above all earthly scunds,and far more deep and inspirational, was the whispering of the still small voice, that thrilled every pulse and throbbed in every vein It was as though one stood in a holy presence of which the soul was conscious. At ten o'clock precisely the doors were opened, and very soon the hall of the Temple was filled. d . o ' diln-culttas- y - . - Trr-th- . s:de-e.th.e: eir - of-a'- T . ... :iei i , -- The dedication of ; the Temple at Manli in 2i - Apostle John W. Taylor said he knew little of his' ancestry, but" hoped .to receive 'knowledge ' from God of those who had'passed away without knowing of the Gospel. Spoke of a visit he had from his brother, David John, after; his death, .thft tjetMeaere. priesthood. I ' "when" he had a" long conversation with "him; seated according to their rank in office, thought if he could have that privilege. again he' Jn front of the jstands, at Ihe East side of the could obtain 'much information that he desired hall, were the music stands, the organ and the ; ' ' " concerning those of whom he was now in ignor- ' choir.. ance. Related in a very impressive' manner a The dedicatory services Apostle Lorenzo drearn or vision which was given him previous to Snow presiding commencedby the choir singing the 'funeral of President Young; had seen the the good old hymn, so appropriate for the opening whole procession, etc., in a panoramic view, and n "," , impressive service::; : hadthe characters of persons who took part "Lord, we come before Thee now, therein portrayed to him by Brigham Young, and . At Thy feetiwe humbly bow." that which would be their future. Afterwards Apos'tle Lorenzo Snow then explained that at saw the funeral in reality just as he had seen it in the dedication' of the Kirtland Temple a prayer, vision, and the very persons that had previously which was given by revelation to the Prophet oseph"S " very thrilling. .servants of God .in this day .had been inspired to President A. O. Smoot said .he could declare write the dedicatory prayer for this occasion. of a truth thathe Lord had accepted of the Tenr Apostle Snow then read in an effective manner ple,.and that many thousands would have cause the prayer w Rich had been given, while. that vast to rejofce over their deliverance through the concourse of people bowed their heads in reverence work, therein, performed.,' Knew the Church to the Most High, unto whom thehouse was dedi when it included but one. small Stake; had cated, in every part and portion thereof, in the a testimony that the" Lord was "with Zion and purest and moj? sublime language. At the close thai it would not'be removed out of its place; had of the prayer the choir sang the dedication hymn never doubted or feared ;for the triumph of the with a chorus, written expressly for the occasion, e work for the years past, felt assured th.?'x by Charles Walker, of St. George beginning? time was near at hand when the promises concern"Righteous God, th' Eternal Father." ing the redemption of Zion would be fulfilled. Smith. was first Patriarch The John 7 speaker This was a blessed, land and God would protect s'IIe spoke of having been present at .the dedica His people if they would be faithful. Testified tion of the T.emp'e in Kirtland1 though' only a that he had heard Joseph and Brigham say, the he had that attended and child at the time, "There would be hundreds and hundreds of temdedication of the several Temples that had been ples built in this land. "This people would grow built since that time. Testified, also, to the truth stronger and increase with persecntion. ot the Gospel, and felt confident if the Saints Apostle F.D. Richards said his heart was full would live in obedience to the laws of God no of thanksgiving for the precious opportunity The things which were from power should prevail against them. afforded him. was Tohn the next Henry Smith Apostle above v ere sacred and were to'be spoken by coof the promises nstraint of the spirit. On the third of next month speaker; spoke very feelingly ,of the Almighty to His faithful children, and closed it would be fifty years since he embraced thefruth. by earnestly exhorting all present to be faithful to Received a testimony on his way from his home their trust. , in New 'England to Missouri which effectually President John M org In, who followed, in the satisfied him of the truth of the Gospel andthedivin- At the East sde of the hall are' the stands for the presiding officers- of the Melchisedek priesthood --order, aiKln-theAV;- st stands for the presiding , officers of the Aaronic k, -- fifty-thre- -- . -- - . . rcQnrseOf iiis present'sight.as . rj;rrraTlcs-atdiefearde4-4- he- a fulfillment of the prophecy made more than 2,500 years ago, that the mountain of the Lord's house should be established in the tops of the mountains, and that all nations should flow; unto it. Tne thought that iriends who were dead were, looking forth from the portals of eternity "wtfaTaTixleTy foTTfe their behalf, should be sufficient to stimulate any one" to be faithful and perform that labor when the opportunity was afforded:"",a President Jacob-Gatebore a strong testimony. Ho the mis: ion of J..teph Smith as a Prophet of God, and to whom had been revealed the knowledge which had been' obtained of building ;' Temples. Elder J. D. C. Young referred to his mother's teachings, and the'early impressions he received from her; rejoiced in the building of Temples and in contemplating the ordinances, which were to'be performed in these sacred places. Elder Vm. F. Cahoon had attended the dedica tion of all the Temples that had been built in this' Tt stifled of dispensation, except St George. "of the truth "Mormonism," so called; had lived in Joseph Smith's "family in former days, and knew hi m . to be inspired of the Lord. 1 1 e was baptized on the '16th of October, 1830, the year the Church was organized. It was made known, to him before he was baptized tfrat the Book of Mormon was true, and an inspired record. Elder Robert Campbell felt, in contemplation of the history of in the past and at the present time, to exclaim, "What hath God" ' wrought?-- ' He felt positive ,if the Saints would labor in union in establishing the work of God, no . power could shake them. - s .' ; rqh ' TyfbeProphrftVlr were assembled representatives of all the. quorums and councils of the Church. The "erecting of temples was of as much interest to those behind the veil as to the living. Ever since the site of the temple had been selected the spirits of the de parted had watched with anxiety for its completion. TheTnnDttaTdeDf:the work cdtrid-be-- c ceived by a sample calculation for a few generations of one's ancestors. It was consistent to believe that upon an occasion like the present the spirits ot the faithful proph- ets and apostles who had- - died should be present. Urged the performance of ordinances for those who had gone, and thought those who failed to do what they could in this direction would be filled with regret whep they met their friends behind the veil, andwish for 'another year upon the earth to devote to the work. Was but a youth in his 'tee.ns'when he became acquainted with Joseph Smith, but knew him to have been a man of God" "as also his successors in office. Could the present apostles were.mcreasingin knowledge devotion to God, and love for the people and that the people could safely trust them as their leaders. Believed that the Lord as. well as the spirits of .jvojthynenwho had passed away would come and visit theTmpTe andc.omfort the Saints by '"' ' their presence." The choir sang the Dedication Anthem, words byA. C. Smyth, selected from the prayer of Solomon at the dedication of the temple at Jerusa lem: - . testify-that.-..,, , "O Lord my God,' hear Thou the prayer ' - -- - ; Thy - 1 Servant prayeth; have thou respect unto , His prayer. ; . ' x . 