' 'A f'S If t ! n 0VD The Rights Vol. of the Women APOSTROPHE. liberated 'Spirit ..of Zions Poetess. To the ' - t Eliza fate Prophetess . R. S.vow Smith, Free from this most "frail existence ., Free to lay I'this mortal by" Free to span the starry distance To the "royal courts on high." Ransomed spirit! deathless-essenceHie thee hence to realms so fair; Gain thy "Father's radiant presence;" Greet thy noble "Mother there." ! . "That he should have joy and gladness and many won hi, rejoice at his birth." That he shuuld bo great in the sight of tha Lord, and should not drink wine nor strong drink, and his" should be filled with the Holy Ghost-frobirth, and many of the children of Israel he would turn to the Lord. The Savior said of him, "That he was the greatest prophet that was ever born of woman." His office was to baptize the Sou of God, and also to baptize all H. H., thoVe who repented of their sins and brought forth fruits worthy of repentance. Elizabeth As the dead year is'clasped by a dead December, was filled with the Holy Ghost before her son . So let your dead sins with the dead days lie. was bom; Mary, her cousin, paid her a visit A new life is yours; and a new hope; Remember and staid with her three months, and they reWe build our own ladders to climb to the sky. joined together in the things of God, that had been made knovn to them through revelation Hvae you missed in your , aim?,. Well, 1 the mark isjsUll "from oir high. " - shining; " Joseph and his wife, Mary, went to the city Did you faint in the race? Well, take breath for the of David to be taxed, and while there the next; Savior-was -born, audas there was no room for "Did . Ihe "doudsT drive-yback- ?- See yonder theirr " " a stable, and the them in the lining;. Savior of the world was dressed in swaddling Were you tempted and fell? Let it serve for a text. clothes and laid in a manger. And in that It is never too late to begin rebuilding, country shepherds werenhere watching their life seems ruins hurled; into all your Though flocks by 71 ight, and the angel of the Lord For look! The light of the New Year is gilding came to them, and said for them not to fear, The worn wan face of the bruised old world! they had brought them good tidings of great,, Ella Wheeleii Wilcox. joy, that should be to all people. "And there was with the angel a multitude of the, heavenly host, praising God and saying, 'Glory to God A CHRISTMAS STORY. in the highest, and on earth peace, good-wi. is born in unto the For men. toward , as Christian you About the year one of the era, the Gentile, nations compute time, a virgin city of David, a Savior, which is Christ, the ' ' Lord.'" . lived; she traced her descent from ancient Israel, Christ, the Son of Mary, was born in Bethlewho have continued to count time from the be ginning of creation. The name of this chosen hem, in the land of Judea; wise men came from vessel of the .Lord was Mary, ana Detore sne the east to wprsnip the babe of Bethlehem, for was born the prophets spoke of her as being they had seena particular star, that indicated the mother of the Savior; and they also prophe-cie- d He wa3 born, and they .inquired at J erusalem of one that should come to prepare the where he was; and when King Herod heard wise' men tell- about the star, he innuired way before Him. Mary had a cousin, her the name was Elizabeth,and they were both of the when it appeared, and sent them to Bethlebenr same lineage. These two women were pure to find Jesus, that he might kill him, for he ana holy in conduct and conversation. Mary really believed that Jesus would be King of the Jews, and thought that he would be de-- . vras the youngest, and had not been. married when my story commences, but was engaged throned, and he pretended to those wise men to a good and devout man by the name of that if they found Jesus he would worship Him Also. And they went at the King s command, jMephTerriisxriras-- of from the tribe ot Juda, one oi the twelve sons andrlo, the star fiiat they had seen in the east of Jacob, by his wife Leah. . We read in went before them, till it came and stood over Matthew, 1st chapter, of Joseph, the intended, where the young child was? When they saw husband of Marv. that his descent came down the star they rejoiced exceedingly. Xlia WiJloi ui iiUio uicauut;u dug can iud dmi through Solomon. And we read in Luke, 1st the sky was dense, but overchapter, "That a certain priest named Zacharias in the heavens; of the course of Abia and his wife, was of the head, deep, beyond in a circular space, formed a beautiful star, circle formed the center of it, daughters of Aaron, and her name was Elizaand the painters touched the outer extremity, of Solobeth." Now Abia was the grands mon. By tracing this descent it makes John the and its colors were like the rainbow. I was enwas steadfast; I watched it Baptist and the Savior, or their natural fathers, tranced; my gaze faded away, and a personage Zacharias and Joseph, related, as well as until It gradually in priestly robes dressed to view, Elizabeth and Mary; Elizabeth was of the slowly came feet and ankles bare; his head daughters of Aaron, who were of the tribe of of pure white, was toward the West and feet to the East, as Levi, and Levi and Juda were own brothers; these four persons would be related by blood. he took the place of the star in the circle. These were the only objects I. saw in the hea-- . Elizabeth and Mary were women highly favored of the Lord. The angel Gabriel was vens. I thought thi3 was" the star that vould sent direct from the presence of the Father to appear before the Savior's coming, aud that inform them of the birth of their children, and was His appearing in like manner. It reminded me of that passage of Scripture, "That every named them before they were born; their state was fully defined, and their eye shall behold Him." I know I felt like and their lives those wise men from the east. For days after missions here were I had seen this, I rejoiced in the heavenly insacrificed to save a fallen world. Before John the Baptist was born, there fluence that shed itself through my whole being, which 1 cannot easily forget or describe. were great promises made to his father conAnd wheu these wiso men found the young cerning him. He was told by the angel that talked with him in the temple of the Lord, child and His mother they fell down and wor- " v- - -.- -.. ou inn-theysle- ' ptin . Holiness, akin to beanty, .Stamped thee with a marvelous seal; Powerfulas thy sense of duty. Irrepressible thy zeal; Counselor so true, so able; Ready to relieve distress; .' The afflicted and the tempted 'Twas thy ministry to bless. " ; - ll From thy lips fell words of wisdm, . Pure as pearls, or grains of gold; Far and .wide the same have roofed, Yielding many a thousand fold. , Far and wide thy inspirations Are "a joy" in these last days; Zion's numerous generations Lovingly repeat thy praise. - "Take thy needed recreation; "Slumb'ring minstrel," softly rest; "? Thou shalt raise to emulation Many a muse by care oppressed. Lo, thy steadfast, pureexample Shall a bright incentive prove; g Leave thy "mantle To the Zion of thy love. 'r power-inspirin- Emily H. Woodmansbb. Salt Lake City, Dec. 8th; 1887. NEW YEAR'S MORNING. ' J -- . -- t Each morn'is New Year's "morn come true, Morn of a festival to" Ueep. nights are sacred nights to make " Confession and resolve and prayer; " All days are sacred days to' wake New gladness in tixe sunn y air. " Only a night from old to new: . Only a sleep from night to morn, The new is but the old come true; , Each sunrise sees a new year born, ' .. I No. 15. UTAnrJ AN U ARY-lrl- 8? - Now renew "the recollection Of illustrious friends and birth;" Glory in thy Lord's affection; Triumph inihy. Chieftain's jvorth. - Drink the fill of joys supernal, By continual virtues won; Wear thy crown of life eternal, - While unceasing cycles run. I --- " . Suggested by the Singing of " Oh 'Afy Father." f of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of aU Nations. SALT CAKE CITY, 1G. Pi Only a night from old to new! Only a night, and so much wrought! The Old Year's heart all weary grew, But said: "The New Year rest has brought.' The Old Year's heart its hopes laid down, As in a grave; but, trusting, said: "The blossoms of the New Year's crown ' Bloom from the, ashes of the dead." The Old Year's heart was full of greed; With selfishness it longed and ached- And cried, "I have not half I need. My thirst is bitter and unslaked. But the New Year's generous hand All gifts in plenty shall return: True loving it shall understand; By all my failures it shall learn. I have been reckless; it shall be Quiet and calm and pure of life. I was a slave; it shall go free, And find sweet peace where I leave strife." Only a night from old to newl Night and the healing balm of sleep!. -- pre-existe- nt , , fore-ordain- ed, 