WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 14li actions speak louder than words, show totliem-r-earth, such as prarie chickens, plum pudding, etc., vf S.,Y L. M l. A. & P. A. REPORTS. rr-roretnren-Mrnoexample."" good In ournest 1 He Sarah Petersou, from BEAR LAKK SHAKE. families here; they help us demolish the no have v;; thankful that she war' and felt glad fme turkey sent us from MacLeod by Capt. Allen ' a held zTlie BcaiakefcReliefSociety united . in the same' faith, aud ha4 come here the Custom Hou;e Inspector. 1888. and 14th 15th, conference at Paris, Jan. wn h I he sarnMeel mg, to oe iistru cted. .."rf -- New Yea r's da y w a s given to the sc rvice. o f th e uliaPrLind 10 coniraenced at J f a.m;, Meeting live in a day when' we must draw nearer to our in few after friends invited us a of some and Lord, I thought, when Sister Hyde snoko say presiding. Singing. .Prayer by Elder J. God. ' in till chat and ourselves con E." last quiet tuft enjoyed of Minute meeting, Ifart. Singing. Layout "the teaching of our children, that we ' Present on the must teach them to be honest and true; often ference read and accepted. evening meeting. will1 briug articles horue On the 7th our Young Men's and Young Ladies' stand, Prest. Julia P. Lindsay and Counselors little Presi E. aiid L.;M. Hart;4he Stake Associations .gave an excellent entertainment, Colliugs that they claim to have found, but parents Y. also A. of were P. and L. the Bro. G. L. Farreli .having charge of present, should be particular to have them return such deney music, un ts Presiden and o7The and Cp iiart Sister Zina ge, iriany - other recitations,' dialogues, etc., doing we can form in thc?ni a things; by-s- o ' . Bro. G. L. Robinson general manager. A num-- ; brethren. habit of truthfulness; hut we must ourselves made some Prest. P. Julia were invited, and opening showa good example to our 'childreu.', Qaye Lindsay ber of our ' "' ; : remarks. ofone. and all were enthusiastic in their praise a good report from the Ephraim Wards; said wards The different the of gave presidents the sick and the poor were well looked after. our humble efforts to entertain them.. that-eacverbal Society was, reports, showing I will conclude by telling you of "Our happy disSister M. P. Madsen felt much edified in the to were all a and that in good condition, instructions given; we . should treasure it up trying ' appointment over our winter, whiclf has been very do will the of the Lord. and" put it into7 every day practice. Spoke mild, so far, only a few cold days at a time, and Coun.' E. Colliugs made some excellent re about the privilege of going to theTemple,and snow only five or six inches deep, The health of the look after to the sisters marks; urged poor. made oilier good remarks. our colony is excellent, and all rejoice in freedom a remarks. lew made liro. Sister E. B. Wells, of Salt Lake City, had Athey appropriate and peace, and the, everlasting Gospel. Couu. L. M. Hart spoke orl'the great in flu- - come from .Moroni tha same ..morning. Said Reno. ence the mothers and" sisters" have in their she felt greatly disappoiutedas she had hoped Jioraes; said, to" haVtrSister Ziha Young "a nd lister Minerva and let COMMENDATION. us renew our improve energies year, Snow with her, but circumstances were such ourselves." 'that she had to come without them. Sister &t-- 2 rned-n- n m. Con fer euceou p. Editor adj Young and SUter Sno vv sentl h eiFlove toth e Prim-Mathe "was '"occupied" by TatUTdaafteTnl)on -- ban pete. baid-h- e -- sisters-oi GocLiilessunt-Ruth-for-herblmetwith"" the " . article- r rr xrix . u iv. sisters of Moroni the day before, and also with anes, ounuay morning oy ine- 1 in the. Exponent of January icth, 18S8. I hope etc. Benediction dismiss "Lord us," Singing, the Primary; noticed a great improyementJn she may live long to advance such indispensible Bish est. by opW thecliildren in their exercises. Sister Wells and correct truths as she there disseminrite'sr Afternoon session: Conference opened with told us as much as she could of Sister. Eliza's How can people of thought, that can gain insickness and death. Sajd 7 how beautiful she singihg and prayer. The statistical and finanformation of Utah and its doings, denounce the was in her coffin; looked more like a bride than cial reports were read. ? women thereof as ignorant and I. one dead; referred to the interesting remarks Prest. Julia P. Lindsay said, "When we ad wish they would read Aunt Ruth's appeal, for made at her funeral; thought she had never atdress a congregation we should be influenced therein is food for reflection for both old and of the Lord, so that we may be tended a funeral where there was so much good by the d and convinc-ing- , able to Spirit young; its sentiments are advances correct principles. Urged the said of a person, but not. too much good could particularly to unbiased minds; there are sisters to look after the sick and poor in our be said of Sister Eliza. Spoke of the Hospital;' principles referred to whicK would do all good to midst. Said the secretaries should understand thought it should be sustained, as it was an profit by. Nothing short of inspiration, coupled their duty, that correct accounts may be kept. institution for the benefit of the afflicted. with a knowledge of the true Gospel and its work-- ' Sister Pritchet, of Fairview, reported her Spoke very ; impressively on educating the ings,' could have, aided her in so ably defining and ward; said the sisters were willing to respond to young people, as.they will have to hold respontreating upon such magnanimous and important sible positions. Spoke on the amiable qualities every call.' i;.of our- deceased Secretary, Sister E. Pugmi resubjects. 7 Sister A cordyof Splihg- City, represented mand 1 am I recommended her L. thankful Sister can Rich, her ward; said a portion of the sisters are al- Iruly daughter; abundantly testify to and endorse her remarks, being privileged to asjjeing capable of holding this pniHnn. 9ho ay t)irhand, b u t anoiher" portion were sloth- . was then chosen and set apart as Stake Secre . drink at tne same pure fountain, which ouf Father ful and neglectful. ."We must try to the best :' offers to all liberally who are atliirst. Though I tary. of our ability to live nearer unto the Lord, Couu. E. Codings fffid'Li IklHaptgav'ribme am not so richly endowed as Ruth, yer we have that we may earn the crown that is in store for ' ' the blessed assurance that, those who seek shall good instructions. the faithful." Prest. Badge spoke very encouragingly to find.' There is a field of information in her stateof Moroni, found a great help the sisters; approved of their labors very much; m Bishop Irons, ments, very clearly and logically shown; all im- tne. Keller feociety. caid , 'Mothers,- - set a - to beco m e a more1 self-i; should thought-wtry anH rninrirT pamai readers can understand " w ' mill! " r Oftd frx a rnnlf liffftrft Jatti rr rh ffr? rpn nnd the sustaiuing people; " u with the conertnpss nf hr vJwc Lord will take note of it. The sisters are doing Conference adjourned for six months. Sing- will take a lesson by the sound ! well;" he never had called upon the Society but T 1! T TT " principles so ov J. xiarc. iw. joeneoicuon 1 would that icibciy yei ueauuiuiiy explained. they had responded to the call. Cor. Sec. of Lottie Stake. .Price, , Prest. Peterson said he liked to meet with the . every line was riveted upon my memory, as I am desirous of gaining from such wise and compresisters. "We live in an important time; the vSAMf ETE 81AKE. hensive teachings. May search our hearts angel Moroni' spoke about these days; the Relief and purge there from all obnoxious and corrupting Society Conference held Dec. 10th, prophecies are going to be fulfilled." ' He re1887, in the meeting, house at Mt. Pleasant! weeds. ferred to the 33rd chapter of Isaiah speaking with Bro. Opened singing. Prayer by I also very much appreciated the editorial in the Reynolds. about this time. Wa3 thankful that we coula Continued with singing. same issiipon the Woman worship a God with body, parts and passions, a Suffrage movement. M. A. Hyde opened the Prest. I feel to stand beside such noble women meeting 'and God which the Christian world know' not of and susaddressed the congregation assembled. Felt and do not believe in. tain them by my faith and untiring efforts in devery much impressed about the departure of Prest Hyde made closing remarks, and confense of right and justice. Their hearts. are loyal our beloved sister and E. R. Snow ference adjourned until the second Saturday in to womankind, and may they meet with encourage Smith; said we have no reason to mourn her March Singing, "O,-etc. - BeneFather," ment and be successful. my her works and her intelligence will follow diction by loss, Bishop Lund. I pray that my and will also not live afterlier here. Spoke slacken their Jier, sistersmay hands but gain strength and fortitude to accomabout the prophecies being fulfilled; Y. l. m. r. A. Joseph plish all that is required of them in these truly the Smith had spoken of these days. Said the firt Minutes of the quarterly conference of the latter days, that the Holy Spirit may be granted us duty of the. Relief Society was to look after Y. L. M. I. A. of Sanpete Stake, held at Mt. to discern between truth and error. the sick and. poor, as we had been by taught Pleasant, Dec. 10, 1887, Miss Helen Armstrong our departed "Sister Eliza;" she May God speed the day when our brethren may always had a presiding. ; enjoy immunity from their enemies, when love for the sistersof Sanpete, and,plaeed them "Miss Olfve Lowrey represented the Associa.righteousness shall rule, and those who oppose ir .excellence and diligence next to the sisters tion of Manti as being in a "good condition; said of Box Elder Stake. "We are often called the laws of Cod be brought to a full sense' of their to some were mourn about the evils that very diligent, and were doing their own condition. happen among us utmost to forward the work, whle others were lie.erred to a circumstance that Yours truly, happened in negligent. "Youth is the time for study, and M' A' TlLL- U'S the parents to look well we Ct,un Feb. 13, 1888. will be held responsible by the great Judge children, and above all thing, as for the way the time allotted to us is spent, and a T -t- -etc." - Eph-rain- i, -- . 1 . school-childre- n ., . friendly-neighbor- s '! - - h . , til-Sund- -- -- ay " y . e r- i1 - - - l, 11 f-- TT-,- " " -- down-trodden- . ft. high-soule- - - . - T : . . . 1 -- e -v w. i- W. " W 1 T : ? 1 . -- '-- we -- r, . Z 