WOMAN'S EXPONENT. boards, or scarcely two books of. the same kind, she toiled as an instructress. The tak was not so easy then as now, when Ave liifve all the mod exri; 'tfppl i an ces for schooLroowi?, aiifriarge comfortable, airy building.". The remuneration was likewise - trying oner bringing a piece of salt pork, another a biuret of Hour, a third toilperhaps a skein of yarn, to repay theever some task of school teaching; the; work as in the school room unceasrrig;the day aricl the Jiight in planning and working for the morrow, whole nights being spent in cutting fancy paper patterns and writingihereon verses of her own "composition, in blue' ink, and , mottoes working on bits of colon d silk for rewards, .to urge the children to diligence and good behavior, -- Tliis is but a sample of the work school, teachers had in those days; it is amusing now, but was trying then. Since the first winter,' when Miss Pi worth opened the little school in the Old ever been a school, and a woman Fort, there-hain Utah. Here, as throughout the teacher eard-bfiird- s ' : 1 . .. n 'I ,r . .1 .1 University and all the schools, district and Gh u rch, barn n'-oqiyiraw, JtheCiUhol ic, acb iittuig.toall departments women as well as' men, and as educators, women have almost the The Territorial same advantages as men. University has but once in its long history boasted a woman teacher, notwithstanding the graduates from the normal department average very nearly equal, there being from the years i I I . . , . K- 1 . , -. ways of m ak i ng.ea ch other happy as we go toiling along in doubt and discouragement, sometimes feeling that we are a failurejust, one word of praise from a friend renews our courage, gives usj new hope, and enables us to district schools, frequently calling on. Miss Cook for advice and assistance. There were a tlTe few, some eighteen or. twenty, as fine teachers as Utah, can boa t trained under Miss Mary Miss Ida's work, after leaving the University, where she: was one year principal, has been mostly confined to CacheValley. She held for some years the position of principal of the Brigham Young College, the largest school in northern Utah, and. was elected, to the office of school superintendent for Cache County,' but owing to existing laws against women holding office was not allowed to act; the organic act prohibiting the word male-i- n women as ieachers from occupying positions of Cook. , . I, have emolument and trust. - Where-women- , t'he'greate'st success is among the children, and there they should claim "the entire; control. The Kindergarten has been very gladly received wherever it has been started, .but it has not- yet extended rfar" i ri"" tlieT Ter r i more of the young women teachers would' spend some timeVin learning the method and; introduce it in their schools they would not - loryIf - -- o.nlyaffoxd.J;h 'energy is strain ejd to do our part well, and iro word of approval comes to us as a sweet re-- v ward, we grow weary and disheartened; tis not always, enough to know that God knows and will reward us in His own .due time; we want our associates, on whom so much of our happiness depends, to ' give U3 loving assurances.' v A pect uui u v tit uuo w tftc, c j iu i u for granted after' one or' two assurances; but the ardent lovejr, is continually expressing hi3 regard; he leaves no room for doubt or thoughts of indifference or negligence; but after marriage in vain for the words of tha wife may-list- en of approval that once won praise and smiles her heart. . And wives,, too, torget that though "man mayTf flect"to r ignore many outward ex nrouainna nfr thp t'fimiorhts within. VP.t hfi i tKft I '. O: exception who does not appreciate it and grow-mor- e tender and affectionate under the influence of approval. to word him a friend, pay V Say a pleasant neat compliment, and see how ingeniously he ill guide after conversations into a repetition of what gave him a comfortable impression rf A art . , e-e- , " " : little ones much.happiness but would gladden the hearts' of .the mothers as well. Some of the different church schools have a Kindergarten department, and -- Miss Dickey, of the tc mck ' nnna Mm o tIt Presbyterian school, herself a student of 'VI1 Baroness Maronholtz Beulo.w, the friend and she once entertained the idea that 0. wjn raust impress people wi'u good pupil of Froebel, has trained some few teachers, friends she ' female and' one hunorjinion of herself, but now sho who now keep most successful and interesting 1876 to 1888, eighty-fivmale graduates, certain-- ' dred and twenty-eigh- t Kindergartens "In? different parts of the city. necesfiryto give people a. go0i opinion of ly a fair showing in an institution controlled Such a delightful and pleasing thing ought to themselves if we want to wir. their hearts. It U the general opinion that throughout by men. Then, as in all other grow most rapidly in a . community which people become too satisfied less with their effcrts if praised; boasts so many beautiful and bright children.: (women, you know, easily things, the wages are E be so as with is if it men da the Association We have, don't require asnueh men), true, may they Primary ignoble natures, but the for the children, which in the prettiest possible .noble and intelligent; which form a large por- trustees. - The average salary per month for uyu oi mauKiuu,' win increase their diligence way instils, into the little hearts bright truths, $46-8do to attain excellence, and if; perchance, praise-hanice work, and instructs the. little hands to teachers the past year was, males, $20-7(The total numbeen misapplied, it will not produce satis-- : fills the little souls with happy thoughts; busy and females, ber of schools in the Territory, primary, little Avorking bees, indeed, are the children of faction, but sorro-- that' their virtues were ove." was tho Primary; but tLese Asoociafcions are held restimated. and mixed, 1 intermediate , ....the I number ' . 407; Kl'l ..... I. iuu. a or leacners, oiwnn week, and the remainder of the f Husbands and wives, strive to annreciate all' assisianis; oui or mis but once-asnumber. 258 were" women teachers, and time the little ones are 'not very, much emthe good i& eachother, nor allow to sistant women teachers, giving the, men the ployed, unless, indeed, they are old enough for withhold; what von deem a iustyourselves reward of small majority of nine. the district schools. If to each district school praise- Women. have certainly done a great ileal in a Kindergarten -- might Jr, f. Mff ; it would ucver, jet your TTiil j ' lllie Vlica muscle, in Utah; to the Misses' certainly be a great benefit to the community. advancing education for and thirst when Bunger they your approval of .Cook, Mary and Ida,' is due nave aone well, it Will be one of the best safeschools; this would doubtless have, been done guards in the hours! of temptation that multiply 'PRAISE. bad they not come, but not so early. When around childhood and youth. they opened in "the Social Hall of Salt Lake Friends, be libera;! in your approval of each "If you've dear, sweet thoughts about mev City a common school, they found a sad mix-. other, if you possess. any external, or internal Why not whisper them tame?-- :" ture of books among their pupilssome far ad-- : grace or virtue. Will it not hiVhten vour own Don't you know 'twould make me .happy, vanced in one study and far behind inothers,TTT l ' n vi ti ah :Mt And as glad as glad can be? viuiuu ui ?tii, auu3 win you noi guara it wim no order, no uniformity, no regular books, and greater care if it give pleasure to your friend? "These sweet, simple ' lines' have lived in they had quite "a struggle to grade their school Be honest and sincere, and always tell your properly, the pupils rebelling against such an memory, in contrast with the old adage that, loved ones just how much you love them; don't unheard of system. ; I remember verrwell how "Praise to the face is. a shame and let them starve to death for the expressions of" disgrace," I cried when Mig3 Cook placed me way down .ever since my youth. The latter was handed love that would make this earth a nqradisel in the second reader, for I was one of y down to my grandmother through a long line' Inscribe your appreciation on their hearts host TPAilpr&mSuAiaal pad- t riTF ofTier ancestors, who 'regarded it of almost insteaH of on their tomb stones. What is post; with previous teacher had allowed .me to skip the one of the ten comequal importance mortem love? The flowers that beautify third reader altogether, and I read iiow in the mandments, but my grandma took one would have eased' many a heart-achstep in National Fifth; This was my argument, and advance," and her ideas became somewhat satisfied many a longing. Do ' .1 . . T your work well modified, and many a word of approbation I l veniureu 10 prove it uy.. reading, something use tact and good judgment and do- not received when ray, work was well done, which veTy hard for her benefit, and as for geography, and offend disgust byr clumsiness where you why I was always head, but', alas! for arithmewonderfully increased my desire to please her. aim to please; learn to in a graceful tic, that was the point on which we were to be In days, I think praise and flattery rqanner, and make all in praise love with the. 1nrinci" graded, and, well, compound numbers wa3 my were considered synonymous terms, and one pie. : ; highest limit, arid Miss "Cook thought "it was as carefully guarded agaiust as the other. Sun Fiower. wouldn't hurt me to begin at the beginning." We may err in judgment and differ in taste reTears and arguments were" alike unavailing; garding a friend's good qualities, attainments, the school had to be graded, and our knowledge beauty, etc, but we should not be deemed Miss Edith Martineau, a of arithmetic told where we ought to be. How guilty of. flattery, because our honest daughter of Rev. opinions Dr. James Martineau, has just been elected an we "hated" it then, but a3 the school assumed do not agree with those of others. We are all associate member of the ' It'oyal Society" of that "order and unifoririity obtainabl6 only in a delightfully human, battling with Painters in Water-colorcontinually well graded system, even the pupils began to the sins that do so easily beset us, but within admire it and work more diligently in ajl every soul is a spark of Divinity, which, if not The.0 studies, not slighting one for another more ana "" rt continues, her doctors to get up earlv, make heV qwn bed, will naturally prompttcaunmgs, pleasant and easy. Mis Cook's school became us to praise whatever takp an example, and the Territorial Superintend us pleasure or inspires our gives admiration, and take long walks. Undej this regimen, her, ent, then Robert L. Campbell, began grading I and it is one of the easiest and most natural health is visibly improving. -- -- L ' lnz-li- r . . " e , 5 1 - ' 1 i " 4-- - be-attac- the-gradin- WoT-C- hed g "- : T i . . i . the-ver- ; . -- the--coffi- e, i . 1 i 1 1 - by-gon- e ' - - - ? -- , -- . s. . -," s 