Elizabeth Ottillie compare Louise with the President's ;wife; she 13 more in Miss Rose Elizabeth Cleveland's line. Uav ing ranged all the available Queens in a row Mrs. Piatt bids Mrs. Cleveland stand up: - Pauline fairto , "Go, if yoif will, among them all and stand, With just a mountain wild flower m your nair, With just the wedding ring on your light hand The -- -- lifting of the, spirit. Thackeray, according to all accounts, was subject to distressful periods of this kind; bucShe declares, in one of his .essays,; that after finishing a given, book it was his, custom always to begin another before go ing to bed in the moodof reactionary ligKF heartedness following upon his depression." Ex. 4The1ttfrdnrtbe.-Elysia- e " - . . Cleve-iandj-b- ut no-nee- inSheol. 1' l.-'- l d .' Moreover, it was not the nation that bid Mrs. Cleveland wear her wedding ring. She was elected by Grover Cleveland and by him -- "alone, although Ihe nation sincerely and sympathetically approved, of Mr." Cleveland's choice, ad ever since has held the subject of Mrs. Piatt's hothouse verses in hearty esteem and respectful affection. The Sun. Geo. Ii. Scott. r -v v.v " NOTES AND NEWjJ.' Mrs. Stwe continues to receive $1,500 a year- royalties on "Uncle Tom's Cabin." "T" - Rev. E. P. Roe, the and story writer died suddenly at on the 20th of July. well-know- n , ior men l.'o n clergyman Cornwall-on-the-Hudso- n JL : t "UL'H, waioo to unviy-j""J, ally LllllJ never offends them to see women down on their hands arid knees scrubbing out1 men's dirty mat. ji the omces. They are not "pool of politics" be; any dirtier than 'their floors, I for one am not aware of it. Whenever I see the scrub women toiling away, I think of thesfihouphtful souls who. want to nrOtept ov j too-.nne.ro- - n - There are men whe dislike to hear anything in favor of women voting, because they then : , -- - tice. ' The suggestions contained in these final stanzas are decidedly unpleasant, even were it supposable that l'aris, after his experience a3 judge in one prize competition of female loveliness, wou J d ever consent to return from the Elysian Fields to undertake the responsibility of another award. Mrs. Piatt's poetical conceit is in gross violation of good taste, and we must say that her, Verses are as far as possible from being the Jright sort of lyric praise for so sensible, modest, d t r u ly'"American a woman a3 m atferf-Tacfra: Mrs. Cleveland. By all ineans let the poetsontinue to cele brate the admirableualities of Mrs. let it be done in a manner which her own good sense would approve. There is of standing the crowned , Queens of Europe up in a row, with the mature Victoria at the head of the Jine, and still less of bringing Paris back from his present abiding place - did not believe in- women votihf I wouia neverisien 10 ineir aavice; ana l give it as a life's experience that the only serious mistakes I have made have bejn when I did. not take" the advice of one of the - sweet.esf .women Jha.t evelvlived. Anndividual whose advice on political questions is good, should at least have the privilege of putting it into prac- grace expires, and he sits down in desperation '-- and plunges his penmtotbe jnkstandl he work goes on, and then he wonders now ne could hav imagined any dilficultyryThe-word- - nation bids you wear. Fields tall PARIS back; shall-havthe golden apple wheHL 'Say who Though Europe, armed,' should follow jn his track He'd throw it straight to you." ' If I that can only be . executed at some, indefinite future opportunity; at last his final momenfof - r. r f A7.. perionu.--iuiu- l . ATl lir.i trvzt. " . '" Mrs. Harriet G. Brooks died June 27ih after" a painful illness. Mrs.; Brooks was prominent -Emperor William of .Germany has agreed m? the early- stages-o- ito the proposal that his mother should bear moveinent in Michigan from. 1856 onwards. She was for years secretary of the local and . the titles of Empress and Queen Frederick. state suffrage associations, and during the years Pundita Ramabai was welcomed; before she of her residence. in Chicago she attended the entered San Francisco by a committee who met meetings of the Rational Association at Washner en route, ana was given a reception on ner ington. During her subsequent residence in Nebraska she continued her active work, and' arrival. in 1882 she pleaded for women's suffrage before Thirty years ago, on August o, 1 858, there .3h&leMslature-ihstateShe was" also a flashed under the waves of the Atlantic, fromi .questions, and was en pTead'efc'bthe Newfoundland ta" Ireland, the first unbroken- win ue gaged in literary pursuits, xjer-ioscurrent of electricity. friends. Ex. widely felt by a large circle of . the-womensu- -- Amalie Rives says that she does not smoke "Cigarettes, does not receive meain her bowers d of roses and couldn t jump a gate if she would. R.K. THOMAS five-barre- The Paris Exposition will open on May 5th, General W. B. Franklin, the American Commissioner:geueraI to that Exposition, has opened the United States Government's office at No. 35 Wall Street, NewJfork. 1889. THE WRITER AS HE WRITES. t t it " nri y n en y on jusirueginxaue"an- aumor, writes Julian Hawthorne in America, "the eight of the blauk sheet of paper gives your an appetite instead of depriving you of it. You long to be at work and cover 11 with A reonlv writer eniovs not new writing, but T liavfl lrnnwn' fliithnr whn will writinnr nlsn copy out a piece over and over again, until the DareDPearswithout an erasure- That is not ' a bad thing by way of practice, and- would, no UOum ue uuvuuuieu uy me priuiera. dui n is not likely to be kept up more than two or three years. After that the writer knows what he is going to write before he writes it; he has nnntenta of his . lpftrnp.d tho sirt- nf- nnt.t.inc x o t.hp. mind directly on paber; besides, he has not the pnrnd urt inns nf hn timp tn mfllrp. rnnnpr-nlntwork. He is more apt to put it off to the last ptacticable moment, and then to do it as rapid- And it will be ly as he aLd he will wish do to him to some it at all; that fortune would present him with a year's vacation, during which he could lie on" hi3 1 i ink-mark- s. - X CJ - p cni EA&LE S ALT LAKE dlTY. The Sunday 'Chronicle Sslxi Francisco, resents Mrs. Howe's astonishment at the "intellectual level" of her California audiwhich in she said ences, printed correspondence was higher than I had dared to hope." ISIi8s A.' L. Wilson, general manager of The San Francisco Breeder and Sportsman, is cXpef xFthe personniirerica H&est-infprm- ed The Leading Retail Cash on. the pedigrees and history of trotting horses. She is also an able writer on turf matters gener' University has thisyear for the first time fallen to a woman, Miss Mary. Louise Worley, of Girton College, who gained the gold medal in classes at the annual examination for theM. A. " Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S and Will be found th latest styles . by-and-- by Duchess has bettered Sarah Bernhardt's tiger cub by adopting a real he keeps It in a long cage, panther as a pet. and gives it sun1 and air on the veranda, where she the bars of the cage as she does so. nothing. is "Tre a period, m the writing of every book, when it seems impossible it should ever be finished. What has gone before seemsjmd, and what is to come is either a blank, or it promises to be worse than,the beginning. An apathy, a paralysis, settles upon the worker; he wishes Tie had taken up butchering or liquor-iellin- g for a living. - Every day that he post pones the completion of hip task it appears vmore hopeless; his mind i3 gloomy, his conscience oppressed; be haunts his study, but iects no more than a ghost might; he draws pictures on scraps of paper, reads books that do not interest him, and even plans outwork feedsit-herselfrstroking-it-thr- ough LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, , FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, A case involving the'right of women to hold office in Iowa has just been decided. Miss Ella S. Brown was an independent candidate for the office of superintendent of public schools and being counted out declared a contest The special count showed that she was elected. Then the other party appealed on the ground that a woman lacks the right to contest for office, but Judge Weaver held that she has the right and the casb was decided in COLLARS, TIES RIBBONS, And an elegant assortmenf of ' - i pioductions in A Parisian back and I-Iox-ise B.K.TH01IAS 7" ally. 77- The highest classical honor in the London degree. EMPORI ujei-y- : q-oods- ;, Special department for Ladies Misses' and fant's Shoes. 112, 14, 116, 118 In- East Temple Strtet , , ' Miss Brown's favor, -- Ex' TINNERS GAS, WATER -- r ' A, - STEAM ' FITTERS - . . Agent for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FOlt' S PUMPS. Putrrp Repaired on short notice. Orders trust the country promptly responded to. Adlrut Si VIS Sex 336. SALT LAIE CIT7. 