173 WOMAN'S EXPONENT, in-- , 'old and grey, and the. garden grown-witness of our Heavenly Father to wards you;- just weeds, 7war"dsany charity work or iraprdvemenf.m the, : iiutv vuu m uuiu ivw. it unit rnnif'm qim nir stfrutiom ThVRelief Society and Y. L. and other l and th knotted trees refuse more fruit to bear, there should be regret arid' sorrow. Oh, how .without those blessings; Spend all your mind, all well as the mines, receive credit organizations, as and .they may little do they know! Though the fruit is not so - your ability in doing good to those beautiful for ah regular subscriptions paid, and daughters of our Heavenly Father the member- - me).low, yet the leaves are just as green, and their -- apply-it " re-- , shade is just as cooling as: it ever yet ha' been, the same as donations, and a just think r how great ; show unto them your ships are a free gift,, and the grasses and the weeds of the old neglected spect for the Gospel and every principle connected' c!o!lar.a year is very little to give in comparison t0 . Willi 11. garden maHe "if all the sweeter. The wild vines the great amount, .'of good thatmay,, .be done feeYto-aetheAnd again to you, my dearf sisters who areHhus hang and cling among the.-applboughs, and in united effort in putting 'these numerous in your faith and the branches the birds build happy nests.- We blessed, can I ask for The Board of Directors invite all who wandernow in a pathless garden, with soft grass prayers in behalf 'of .my sadness, the loss of all my are interested in charitable, work to become mem-lersbeautiful children, for the Gospel sake? bethe association,', and would say to all under, our t.eet, sighing to the wind as though tellcause my faith will not cease, my prayers will not ing the aching of jour hearts.. Here is the tree my former members, please come forward, and renew 1 stop-beforcan gather- - my children under the sister planted, and we ever called-i'tlher; how .. ; ;;"" your membership. beautiful Gospel's influence. straight and round it grew. Oh, how charmingly I feel happy to know from experience, the beauty the birds sing there' -- .torday! Do they-tr-y to tell 7 CALUMNY. - with of homes, the greatness of love in family circles them, hpw she loved them how she spokeSaints, and I can- how she fed them, and how she sung "'to them Whiqh exists among Latter-da- y ' can censure in 'scape, mortality "Ke might nor greatness sweeter than any bird could sing? Oh, my sister, nothelp relating to my sisters my reflections strikes." whitest virtue the iJlack, wounding calumny me inner uay, wncn 1 11. in oh, your songs, shall we never hear them more? pivut that than . a home of this kind. No assertion is more certainly correct Come, lets pass them, the birds tell too sad a It. was the birthday ot our beloved bister made, by the lines just quoted. story and our hearts are breaking now;-singoIt is impossible for person with sweet birds, arid yet sing on while lire lasts, for Heppler, of Glenwood, and I, in company with motives to perform an iact, even though it carries soon your little homes wilt be torn from you, and herdaughter, a young girl, who at the present U.h thf most nroof of rood intentions, but time resides here at Elsinore.and a few other good not heed yoursonj the stranger nor -ftO -- trill tQ IjlenwOOd fiAnrfc there are some ready to doubt his honesty, impugn or cry. l his Dusn, tne great Drown currants, Kis motives, and turn' all his intended good into-thshow ourrespect and to make a httlesurprise under these droopnear as tall as yonder tree,s-ee-, the day. I shrill never' forget the foulest evil. ing branches we have often sought refuge when ' I received on this occasion, in notic? And such is the depravity among mankind, that pursued by little friends for the forfeit kiss in some the family love, the refined . actions between par-- , "in its most civilized .state, they" whl5Tfrethus childish game7and7itsleaves have wrrapt them-- " rl i c nVc orl fnrlYI 3 "r nn ;if"prn hf rflPn t D ents and children, and children and parents. the search was ' 1 3 elvesabojjtspclosely that r pf ' ... i ' ' 'L n M s friantl I lie U1UI II Ili iia nut, iiiiu ,TV- i very long, for who would think to look in the small. society. to take a ride in company with slender boughs cf a currant'tree? And this was The person- who starts in life with the determinapresent,. .calculated . 1 1! muc umduut oisier neppier ana.1nusuauu, iu u lful. tion of so demeaning himself, that at its close he another sister's another one loved and dead ;and lake above Glenwood, in. the hills, and on returncan boast that he has, in no instance, been the obshe watched its growth and tended it, and now, it ing from this nice trip, the dinner- table awaited too, must go. ject "of reproach fails entirely to comprehend us; on which was spread the bounties of life, All along this shndy. border, where wild-plum- s human nature as it is, and will eventually die dis. . . I. 1, 111 a. 1 nrsA aA 1. t neany prepareu uy uic Limuicn auu uauuiitu appointed "in his expectations. He who leads an .and peaches grow, we have played from morn till with fresh sanrt living flowers. even, and when the days were very warm, mother active lite will Denecessaniy subjected to criticism, After having partaken of the good things, we whether justly or unjustly bestowed. brought, her work and in our little childish homes retired to anojiner room.anci several songs anu sat and listened to our prattle, ate from our play But with the consolation of the favor of a porrecitations were given by the children regarding dinner andtold' us lovely stories of the. old New tion of public opinion, and the support of an ap - 1 1 chil-drenson- on,'ptieMseVtut .s ; ' - r. e an-intere- of s e ; . -- '- ...... .t n the-pures- t the-yrVwil- e ns 1 " ! J I "" fi-it- - u .' - . 1 1 - J 1 1 1 . 11 -- -- . UCIIVC. " , " . the day, and after this, how great and glorious to witness, the mother of the family rising to her feet and speaking to hef husband and children ' with the, greatest of power, inspired of the Holyand we'd listen with such wonder and cry out with delight." Then we'd take our little baskets and -- Uhost, and again to witness tne tatner and the children arise and speakTta-th- e 4elovedmother gather leaves and flowers and bri n g the m to h er iL Hnw im- ores. stt tp w wf- r (- u tS mr to make us wreaths. Oh, the memories! oh, the" sive to hear a young- lpy and girl express them memories! how they all come back again; my selves in the way and manner they did, and speak" eyes are dim, my heart aches, the home,' the old so powerfully that every 'soul who was in the room sweethome is sold, and to a stranger. Take not was influenced to a very .greatextent by he same from a soul tear not from a heart his -Spirit. It made me rejoice from the bottom of life; it is gone, it is ''sold, and wesee the home no my heart, that I had a .number and a. standing-more. . '.'.v.-a. v. c. amongst such a people, and at the same I felt ag .. though 1 - was the Where were those who should comfort rrie? THOUGHTS AT A LATE HOUR. Where were those who once called me "dear mother?" and the reality stood clear before my The day has past and gone,and I am here alone view; f was alone; my dear ones could not share in my little room. Every thing is quiet round rile, with a Mormon mother. But through the Lord's just suitable for my thought to wander far and blessings there was brought comfort to my heart. wide seeking for a resting place with those who Sister Heppler rose to her feet, and with the are near and dear to me. The blessed earth spirit of prophecy said, "Sister Hannah, the time for rhany a dear friend to, me, but sweetest is not far distant when you will rejoice in the and, nearest to my heart are my nine presence of your children under the influence of beautiful children. O ye beloved! what are you the everlasting Gospel; be cheerful, for the Lord the of. are mother, you thinking poor doing! is your friend." And so it is, sisters, every day mdther in the Mormon region? How sweet if brings blessings" to us through the mercy of our yorlr noise could awaken my thoughts from their Heavenly Father if we could only realize it, but it is not so. Why! slumbering sadness, but-n- oj O, how. hard it is to stand firm in the hours of r Because "mother is a Mormon." Yes, mother is ' " . trial. a Mormon. I'feel to close my little piece., and ask those of in the Gospel oi How different, my dear sisters my sisters who might read it; to, excuse my poor where--ever different circumstahces areihe Christ, how way of writing; I have not been in this country we are placed in this life. You who might' long enough to express ray feelings in the Tight are the of the most these hapread you lines,I hope and proper way in the English language, but I around of to kiss children mothers you, you have felt 'desirous for a long time to express some ; py of my feelings .for my good sisters who might feel goodnight, to disturb you with their childish noise, in "believe and above it all, lheGospel," and feel to sympathize with me. , is a Mormon.1 To those Your sister in the Gospel of Christ, proud because, mother I I with would these blessed who are great blessings Hamnah'JSorensen. 1888. do the feel Do thankful;goodElsinore, April 10, appreciate say: England home, with its woods, and brooks, and bushes, long rows of lilacs and roses, and the dear-olgrandfather "drawing the maple from the tries, proving conscience, neither' criticism nor reproacn should be permitted to produce hesitancy, or inaction, for none are so surely criticised as the weak and vacillating, arid none who should be more resolutely avoided than the idle and in- - -- - ' It should then be the aim of .every one, not to 4 1 - avoid public opinion, which is as often wrong as right, but to consider whether the1 course proposed is right; if so, pursue it with that moral courage Which is not subdued by reproach, or biased by M. criticism. ; " his-heart- , . - . f-OLB-HCMi- -- Sold! my home and to a. stranger; one who will never know how, the' heart clung to every stone and board and brick of that old crumbled house, how in its very ruins it was dearer than the palaces of kings. Will he ever stop to ponder, as he tears and throws and ' builds, that with.every rude and hasty touch, he is tearing a human heart? Ah, not Even those who knew us well never dream what agony and despair filled our souls, as we wandered in the old, old garden 'mid the grass and bushes, all so wild for want of care, under the dear loved orchard trees, that have shaded us when as children we have played, and as maidens we haye lingered in their tender, gentle shadej and as women we have sought their shelter while in sorrow we have prayed. Oh, the dearest, roughest, tenderest,' wildest garden of gardens, are you gone? Can we never, never know you as3 our own, our very own?. No.; the stranger nor the friend will, can never- - never dream the heart ache andthe woe. For the years "could never tell them and the" could never know,'all the sunshine, all J the gladness, all the sorrow, all. the sadness that is woven in our lives in the old sweet precious !, home.. - And they never, never think, nowouc home is . "'.' , - ' poores-wxmaAn-Oh-ear- ih has-roo- -- ' . 1 - 