4 V 6 'f WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 36 n of a railroad across the continent, and we marked down to the encampment already formed by a 0 ut the rout e which we thought the n a t ional road of ouTcompany, who;had cut a road through would take to unite the Atlantic and Pacific the quaking asp. groves of timberwhich were in oceans. the bed of the canon and come in ahead' of us.1-Brothers Orson Pratt and Erastus Snow entered We arrived5 in the encampment at half-paeleven of the 24th of July, 1847 The brethren the valley two or three days before the body of uui wjicic die muac liicu and had ilready turned City Creek Jgated jpiuuccia, rresiaeni urignam xoung and the, IhTdryand barren soiirbeibg" the first irrigation wnereis who in accompanied him? All are in the mountains Apostles ever performed by any dne4n these spirit world mingling with the martyred Prophets this age. They had also commenced to plough where they ban plead for their brethren. Not some ground, and that noble pioneer, .William "except myself, and but tarter, whose circumstances prevent him from one of them living We have buried a of the remain; few pioneers broke the first meetingr with the pioneers whole quorum of twelve Apostles since we enground and laid the first furrow. The plowshare tered these valleys of the mountains. The em- r that performed the work- is on the stand nam 01 z.ion s camp, luormon .uauaiion and the On my arrival in camp, before I ate my dinner, I Pioneers number but very few Those of planted two. bushels of potatoesin the ground will who soon us remain .. President Younir commenced to'repass away, but our brnWp im rf 7 live and numbered are imthe Priman tk the cover from his sicknessthe hour lie entered Schools and , the Mutual Improvement valley. On a day or two following our arrival, a Sabbath Associations, and are tnis day assembled in this . remarkable incident occurred. '. , ... celeorate-lhearnvnf tV,A il W hile President Young was walking with wvpnl of the Annstles on the higher ground Fioneers into tnis great American Desert, which today, thrdugh the blessing of God andjhe labor northwest of our encampment, he suddenly of the Pioh'eers is blossoming as the rose, stepped out, stuck his cane into the barren ground Thiscompany 0 pioneers spent about a month aud sagebrush, and exclaimed, rRight here will o stand theemple-peg in of what is known as the Old Fort, surrounding three mfddle the driven down, and wasnearly which Temple was sides of a ten acre block, with, an adobe wall the Temple as it stands about ten feet high On the outside, and the east bailt without any regard to the by ' . President Young atjbat time. jidejvith log cabins. We also arranged foTthis fort to have four entrances, one on each point of On the 26th, we went to the top of a high point the compass. on the north of the city, which President Young Most of the Pidneers.returned to Winter Quarnamed "Ensijrn Peak." We also visited theHot ters, where' they arrived in 4he fall, making a and; Warm Springs. On the 27th we drove to the iournev of over two thousand miles hesiHpc tK West Mountains and visited the Salt Lake, Presi labors performed while here in building a fort, dent Young being the first to dip his hand into the laying out the city and exploring adjacent valleys. bnny water. We walked dryshod to the Black I wish to say a few words to the members of the Rock and took a bath in the Lake. Afterwards Sabbath Schools and to all who are assembled in " preparations were made for laying out the city, to celebrate the arrival of this Tabernacle y and I, with, other brethren, assisted President .the Pioneers into this valley." It is not wisdom Young in laying out the ground and streets with for me to occupy your time with a long address chain and compass. We laid out a block of ten upon an occasion of this kind, but I have referred acres upon which' to build a Temple, and city lots to a few incidents of our peculiar lournev into of one acre and a quarter,, and streets eight rods this barren desert, that you may keep in mind the wide, all of which has, been published by his' - toil, the care and the hardships which our fr , v." torians. ;. por-rtio- XX T EXFONEI WOMA N'S . EMM ELINE B. - Editor. WELLS, st - Terms; Published Ten 31.00. ex one one; eoRy lone copy joootlis, year, $2.00; nine. of .. v copies for the price Advertising rates: Eack" square,' ten lines Of uoHpareil space; one time, 12.50; per month, 53.00. A libe'raMiscount ' to regular advertisers. Exponent office, No; 25 E., South Temple Street, second 10 a.m gate east oiDeseret News Office, business hours frora to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday, ' Address all business communications to in Salt' Lake ''CItypUtah: semi-monthl- - : " - Entered at the Post Second Class Matter.. Salt Office August i, i 888. the twenty-fourth- . The commemoration of the anniversary of the . d entrance of, the Pioneers into this valley was services-ithe last month with appropriate of large Tabernacle, an immense concourse, peoyears ple being io attendance. It was forty-on- e where arrived of Salt Pioneers since the company Lake City now stands. The grand orgari was handsomely draped with the stars and siripes,and a steel engraving of President Brigham Young hung in the centre among thtMiatiqnal' colors. Underneath it a banner bore the one word, 'Unity." Below this another banner, with the words, "Utah's Association." On the south side of the organ were the words, "Pioneers '47;" on. the north siSe, "Welcome." The three stands were draped with national flags, and the platform in Jront of the stands, used on such Occasions, was tastefully ornamented with flowers and plants On one side waslhe head and horns of in bloom a buffalo, with its long, shaggy hair, and on the other the very old flag of stars and stripes, that was flung out to the moun tain breeze from Ensign cele-brate- "'" after their arrival. The committee of arrangements, officers of the Sunday School and six of the Pioneers were upon the platform. The Pioneers were, Mrs. Clara Decker Young, widow pf the late Brigham Young, Patriarch Lorenzo D. Young, his brother, Bishop Jacob Weiler, Bishop Millen Atwood and Charles D. Branham. On the s tan d w ere A po s e s Joh n Henry Smith, Heber J. Grant, John W. Taylor Patriarch John Smith, Seymour B. Young, of the High Council, Sunday School officers and others. Ass't Gen. Supt. of Deseret S. S. Union presided-Th6th Ward silver band played a selection, and the S. S. children, Elder Thos. Mclntyre leading, sung, ''Our Mountain Home soDear." Prayer by Elder George Goddard. A. Xylophone solo, by Adelbert Beesley, was followed by an address from President Wilford Woodruff, read by Elder B. F. Cummings, Jr. To the Pioneers and Citizens, and to the Officers . aud Members of the Sabbath Schools'. . 1 1 P-re- MrDPrestT-Angus-MrCannon,-Membj- ?rs e . My Dear Friends: Forty-on- e years ago this day I passed through Emigration Canon, with President Brigham Young. He was taken sick on "East Canon Creek, and ma.de a bed for him in ray carriage. When we came upon the bench I turned the side of the vehicle to the west, so that he could obtain a fair view of the valley. President Young arose from his bed and took a survey of the country before him Tor several minutes.- He then said to me, "Drive on down into the valley, this is our abiding place. I have seen it before in vision. In this valley will be built the City of the Saints and the Temple of our God." drove J - . to-da- y, to-da- v, - to-aa- y. to-da- y. "' Lake City, - " in Salt Lake City, Utah, as " lo-aa- , - WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake Git y. Utail PUBLISHER jut - tv pos-tfifi- . : . . -fir- eat-Tabernacle-tO to-da- y, spof-designate- " to-da- . V- - orTthe ' seventh day of April, accompanied by seven other Apostles and other men, all told 143 men and 3 The Anrctlpc. were Rricrham Vnnnor nmman Heber C. Kimball, W. Woodruff, George. A. Smith. Willard Richards, Orson Pratt, Amasa Lyman and Ezra T.' Benson. John Taylor and) Parley P. Pratt arrived soon after, leading com panies of families. Orson Hyde remained ii Kanesville. We traveled the first 500 miles with out anv grass. With the exception of a little they lived entirely on grain we fed the bark of cottonwood limbs and saplings. which they gnawed from the trees, we would lay before them for their night's meal. .This company of 145 nen Iravebd 1030 miles, making their roads and building their bridges. In one instance we had to form a guard of a wedge shape for three days and nights to keep our company from being trampled to death by an enormous herd of buffalo, that had gathered from the mountains and were migrating in a solid body to the plains below. The herd was judged to be sixty miles in length, and numbered not less "than one million. They were travelingeast''arid we were traveling west. We were three"days passing through the herd, and we all breathed freer when we clear of them. No other class of men will ever witness the same scene again upon the face of the earth. ' Brother Wm. C. A. Smoot, sen., got his horses "loose and mixedith the herd, and itwas with great difficulty we obtained themagaint"; Notwithstanding our first care was to secure an abiding place, a home for the people, we did not lose sight of other important matters. President Young contemplated at that early day the building fathex&.,eiidiired-JjiJta- m PresidelirYoFngelt ' our-anima- ls, e . mountains of Israel, in fulfilment of the blessing of the old Patriarch Jacobronounced upon his posterity that should be fulfilled in the valleys of And upon the everlasting hills in the latter-daythe headsof the rising generation of the Latter-"da- y Saints rests the responsibility of building up s. IhieHSdiigdemzo their fathers have laid? And also, of building up a State in which jshall dwell virtue, ternperance, industry, frugality and honesty; a State which will do honor to the American government, where wholesome laws shall be administered in equity and justice to all of its citizens, according to the letter and spirit of the Constitution given by inspiration of Almighty God to our ibrefithers. T feel to say to our children, Honor your father and your mother and your God, that your days may be long and prosperous in these valleys of the mountains which the Lord your God has given ; unto you. That God may bless you all, and enable you to fulfill the" object of your creation here on the earth to the satisfaction of yourselves and your Creator, is the earnest desire of your friend and '. brother, ' - 4-. - Wilford Woodruff. Elder C. R. Savage made some remarks about . the plow that turned the first-so- d in Utah, and that Elder Wm. Carter, now in the Penitentiary for conscience' sake, was the man who turned the first sod. He then read a brief letter from Bro. Carter, which stated, "The plow has a place in the Museum." The speaker displayed the remains of the plowshare, and also the old flag which was . 