WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 133 " the system calls for it and craves it ; just so in to sleep ; if accustoined to. retire at 7, 8, or 9 o'clock in the evening) at that time the eyelids be comc heavy, and the head begins tp nod.' Habit will weave a chainltround us mrgood-c- r evil, that will enslave or enrichcus. The man that has become a slave to tobacco through" habit, also Meeting- - opened by singing, "TbsLord will provide." , Prayer was offered by Sister Mary A. Freeze. -- Continued by singing, "We'll sing all hail to Jesus' name." The roll call was .omitted;--' to save time. Minutes of the annual meeting of my own sister, and my duty to God and you de mands otherwise, hence this epistle.: Firapr married my wife honorably, after she had been a widow twelve jears. The Scriptures say, "Let no man put awa his wife save for 1887 were read and accepted. The programme fornication," and Mr; Jarman's wife,,whois now consisted of sketches of. the nations, as typified my lawful wife, by the laws of God, and just laws moves his hand into his pocket through by parts of great image which NebuchadnezzaY by an enlightened nation put him away, andjreed saw in a dreatn. The sketches werinterspersed her from a wicked man, full of every vice and habit. The twig that is bent, and allowed to grow ' with songs and music. Programme carried out as . wickedness, and now she knows the contrast bethus, becomes fixed, and it is impossible to tween, a good and bad husband, and that by a straighten it it; because it has been allowed its follows: Reading, 2nd chapter of Daniel, Mamie risrht to protect His daughters. You Leaver; Piano .Music, Margie Dwyer; Sketch 0 habit. head of gold, Emma -- have insulted a servant of God, and also the same A child that has been accustomed to allow their -- By by Ion, as typified God that sent me to' proclaim the glad tidings of other people's chairs, and Ellerbeck; Song, Viola Pratt; Media and Persia, feet and hands-upothe restoration of the Gospel in all its primitive typified by .the breast and arms of jsilver, Allie their tongues to ejaculate oaths at the beginning Preston; Sketch of Maceglory, majesty, effulgence and grandeur and - and end of each sentence they speak, and lo allow Merrill; Song,-Madonia, as typified by the belly and thighs of brass, spiritual giftg of the Holy Ghost, that the sheep their face and hands and feet to be unwashed, Lizzie Smith; Song, Maud Pratt; Sketch of Rome," that know the Master's voice may no longer be have become accustomed to it, and their habit is driven-awaand about by every wind of false as typifiedby the legs of iron, Ella Dallas; Music, so fixed that awkwardness is no name for it, and a doctrine of man and creeds, based on traditional Emma Ellerbeck; Essay oil the, ten toes of the suitable name for them would be a "boobv.'-Thi- s " errors of an apostate church. is what habit has effected. image, and the, little stone cut from the mountain Louie-Fel- t without hands, Emma Finch; 5ongr-Ir- s You say that you do not believe in miracles, and ORDER. and Lizzie Smith. This concluded the prothat your God is not a God of miracles; you have of trait another is This character, gramme. ' very important told the truth in this, for your God is not a God of for when it is cultivated; The resignation of Mrs, Sadie Howe, as Third miracles and power, but is as much a nonentity as . everything, and putting things into it as they move Counselor in the Association, was offered and acyour senseless creed describes Him in the first" from was She released this alone; things also will. apparently move into place article of your faith, which says you "believe in a honorably cepted. without any effort, because it has been their Habit unable attend the of to to duties position being God, that has neither body, parts, nor. passions.'. d around r the office on account of home duties." What kind of a throne can hesitupon?, Answer; them will be a source of annoyance, and good A motion was made and seconded .. that M rs. order is not effected without more or. less Phebe Yr Beattie act as Third Counselor, to the by, no finger to write on the tables opstone, no r. : ence. President of the Association; the motion was body, in whose image Christ wasthe express OBEDIENCE. carried by unanimous vote. image, no mouth to speak, nottributes. then was Association addressed The by Sisters false creeds, who was If children are accustomed to obey their parents, Lucifer, the founder of-aKimM. I. D. H. Zina Presendia Home, Young, cast out of heaveipvitn the one third that constithey finally move automatically, without an oppoM. S. E. Sarah A. Kimball, ball, Taylor, Mary tute the spiritsPaul speaks of thus: "In the latsite will in the mother, arid it is not painful to them; Y. . W. Smith, E. B. Wells, Freeze, Dougal, jy. ter timesjoraays many shall depart from the faith, but if accustomed to question the motive each and Mattie P. Dr. H. Mary a1 Young Shipp, Maggie time, and stop to oppose, they will always be givipgneed to seducing spirits and doctrines of havfor herself Each expressed grateful Tingey. .devils." Lucifer represents that, being named in unrest, or, in other words, in hot water; yes,jeven had" the opportuniTy of being 'present. Al.' the first article of ing your faith, being as cast out of toiling enand offered the had exercises, many enjoyed heaven and could uidt take a body, and he has Now, wbat ddeslhe cultivatiorrof these traits or words instructive and remarks. ' Loving couraging founded the great heap of teachers. Paul speaks attributes do for us? to of the Eliza Sister R, memory wcrje spoken to harmonize with of having the form of godliness, and denying the They qualify and help was who last the annual Snow Smith, presentaf others and our surroundings. power thereof, as you do; ever learning,fbut never Each visitor askedGod's blessing upon able to come to a meeting. knowledge of the truth; preach..' ... HARMONY the President, her, Counselors and the members of ing for hire and divining for money, while I and imAssociation.the the less none our but of Is the last group, my brethren, the Elders of Israel,like the glorious PreseriBia in Kimball the Sister in collection. our a should spoke and have tongues; place portant, apostles of old, come forth without purse or scrip In music it is an important element, and quite as interpretation was given by Sister Zina D. H. trusting inGod, dropping our net like. Peter of essential in the family group or circle. Each Young. Closing remarks were made by President old, suffering many privations for the love of souls. Howe. The programme for the regular meeting member of the family should harmonize with the If I was proclaiming to my nation a fabrication and a was read. 1st of February other, then there is no family discord. lie, God would not answer my prayers as He does, one for Closed The year. In arranging a bouquet, colors shouldgharmonize, meeting adjourned nor would He answer as He has done sacred Millennial Dawn." Benedic"The We have what we call complementary colors ; that by singing, Ordinances of His house, administerecl by my B. Pratt. Dr. R. tion ; each with are that by contrast is, other, yet they hand as a legally and duly authorized Seventy and lhose that harmonize. It- is so wttlrrindivrduals; "lder in Israel I will ciTe you two instances out by-tA ladies. young be own unlike their pleasant each prepared ptrr theymay otherhaving ofmany, in all humility, and not boastfullyTA for all felt that they had was time all, by enjoyed This harmonize. cultivation but still individuality, Sister Sims has a son of fourteen summers, he and a feast temporally spiritually. makes good citizens and Saints. enjoyed and was had a violent attack of cholera-infantuI have now collected and treated upon a group Ella Dallas, Sec. suffering excruciating pains; I was led' by the of words, and I have so arranged them in my Holy Ghost to caJJ on her; she had sent for a doc -- bouquet that and tor, wno. naa sent wora tnat ne. couia not come, MISSIONARY WORK. find in we an attributes of individual, part orthe but would call in the morning. She, on my them germs that will adorn them and fit them for as asked an Elder in the arrival that evening:, me, ' Woman's Editor Exponent: any society. As 'we add to the bouquet additional Church of Jesus Christ, to anoint him and pray flowers, if in harmony, we beautify it, and if an over him, and lay my hands on him, as recorded I wish to place before your readersa few interattribute is added to the individual, it is as season- in James, last chapter it will do well for you to esting remarks by Elder R. H. Ford, now on a their and luster to ing, spice, perfumery existence, read this. I anointed the boy.and prayed over mission to England. as so many additional stars to the constellation, him, and laid my hands on him, and in the name He visited some distinguished gentleman and which we admire because of their brilliancy and of Jesus Christ, a n d by virtue and authority o f th e the- - words fe and Tadies,- scintillations., The result of the cultivation of l holy priesthood in me vested, rebuked the disease the number Russel, these beautiful attributes will be length of days, . salvation; amongst from his body, and blessed him with life and to whom he paid a visit, and on leaving him he ' . ViooltV tnA fZnA ttrotrViH fnrth- HJc Vinlu arm nH peace and heaven. him much for his visit, and said he had thanked Dr. E. S. Barney, healed him up, yea, raised him up. as recorded in acWritten for the M. I. A. Paper of the 13th Ward, ' enjoyed it. He has had much persecution on James, and word was sent to the doctor next morncount of the apostates, but is doing much good S. L. City. ing not to come. You can write to Mrs. Thomas in baptizingprecious souls and administering to Sims, and she will testify to you and give God the the sick. I will give you a copy of a letter: glory for a restoration of the Gospel after a-- silence ANNIVERSARY. Dear My Christy: of 1806 years, with all its gifts. Minutes of the annual meet nfr of the Y. In and as pertaining to mortality, and i am 19 A sister, a poor woman . that I baptized on the I. Association of the 17th Ward, held at the resi- - sorry to say not in the Gospel, I thought at first I 30th of September, 1887, who is truly Jborn of the water and Spirit she had the same complaint that dence of Mrs. Ettie Ellerbeck, Jan. 25,1888, Prest. would treat your . cruel letter to me, which I re-' C. Howe presiding. the woman had who touched the hem of the ceived a few days ago, with contempt, but you are .. re-ga- rd auto-maticall- , y, : CJod-eive- n by-th- e n y y - . " . and,-havinga-pl- ace " -- , finally-disord- orcustom-to-do-so,-an- er . fl " . us " - -- -- - he , -- ey-harmonize,' f j j j who-gladly-he- , of-li- ard was-Ear- ; i - j ! L-M- . ! J. 