WOMAN 'SEXPON ENT. n - mm niti'.w 'T"?X""'"-J-'J'-"rj.""- n .i Womans Exponent. . Editor, EMMELLSE B. WELLS, had arrange;! the .' party it happened to be the birthday of the Prest. of R. S. Mrs. Elizabeth Paul, which fact added to the pleasure of the lands-There are so many excellent addresses , that it isr gathering. At 2 p..m, a meeting was held and given in full in the tVqmaii's Trr?-di 85 cult to 5.eject jh.e J ct, they arexall so very "the sisters enjoyed the. exercises very1 much; f. .many comjorting things were spoiten ana me gut "fvr good.. ... Women in Journalism'" of tongues- - and interpretation .were freely, given. One paragraph in Among the sisters present, were Sisters Presindia struck most forcibly home, and we quote it cn L. Kimball, Elizabeth liovyara ana Mary urey. thatxaccouct. It is the closing paragraph in Irs. We arrived just in time to. join in the, conversation I follbway's address." after the meeting was oyer and to .partake of a After'havinggone over the groundpretty largely, Jand given many Jtfemsof nevpaperwoikJby most delicious, supper, with dear friends .whose women past and present, she sums it upr acquaintance we had lormea long agd, put whom we do $ot often meet socially." fudging from the to the women who are learning manner of those assembled,we; should say they had journalism. I have been asked to say something spent a most enjoyable day- - and' one long to be about schools of journalism, and something about remembered. The Relief, Society ind the;Y, t. Women's Press Associations. I haven't the time and P...'A; Associations of thatWard ajeali 'prosand I don't knowan) thing aboutlhem7 The best pering and making good' progress, we learned school in the world is in the newspaper offices, from the President of these respective organiza and the best work a woman does is ihi work she tions. Coming together and talking of the does from her heart. And every newspaper and feasting has a most stimu woman I ever saw feels that she is doing not only effect upon these societies, as when thus her duty to herself in the way of support, but she lating there is much free interchange of ideas, on es It to herself and to her kind to help along the .and the sisters J)ecomefamUiarwith each other's day when all women" wHITTq uals of all men" behistory and experience, and have a larger charity fore theJaw." for all. We think Sister Fawcett must have felt We mentioned. the honor and reverence the 7 blest in entertaining those whose' heart and soul younger.women oT the Council paid to the leaders and pufpose,.injife Js to help estabnsjwighous in the movement, but we also noticed the credit ness upon the earth. these elderly women have so, gracefully tendered thV young workers and we give an example of. it THE WOMFN OF UTAH REPRESENTED in Miss Susan B. Anthony's tribute to her corAT THE INTERNATIONAN COUN responding secretary, Miss Rachel G. Foster: CIL OF WOMEN, AT WASH-- " "I want to say to you that this Council is called, INGTON, D. C. or at least has been woiked up," the correspondence has been dote, the planning of the proMrs. Shattuck, of Boston, most gracefully and last for the gramme, the entire Herculean work cordially introduced Mrs. Emily S. Rfchards, the little one has been woman, superintended by year oeiegaie 01 inc n uuitu s jvcuci aHutmnuu twi Miss Rachel Foster, of Philadelphia. I stand the Territory of Utah, who read the report of the here and everywhere to acknowledge that I never ' WOMEN'S ASSOCIATIONS OF UTAH. , could have done the thing in my life. I could not The Women's Relief Society now existing ia have done it when I was young, and I could pot Utah, with branches in Idaho, Wyoming, Arizona, have done itcow, if I. hadn't had this young brain New Mexico, Nevada and Colorado, and also ia right at my side and these hands and feet." Europe, New Zealand, the Sandwich Islands and Miss Anthony said a great, many wise things other places, was originally organized at Nauvoo and witty things as well as true ones, during the Illinois, March 17, 1842. Its objects werejhe sessions of the Council, that are worthy of rerelief of the poor and afflicted, the instruction of membrance and of record, and she has said them its members in moral, philosophical and religious in her own original way, which has made them principles, and the maintenance of the rights of is more a woman not She impressive. only jnuch women in all departments of sbciefy. in a thousand," but she stands head and shoulders A president and two counselors, sustained by jn originality above a million of them. the votes of the members, are in charge of the e society.-- A secretary and treasurer, also -rDrroiOAtr-NOTESr assistant and corre s po n dmgecretafies-are-asso--ciate- d with them inthe general management. We have received reports of the Sisters ConEach branch is organized in a similar manner and in ferences Box Elder,Juab,Tooele and St. John's has ah independent existence, and yet all are assoUtah is Stake, Also minutes of meetings in several ciated nnder the general presidency. places and other matter that will appear from ecclesiastically divided into departments corresv time to time as we have space for them. ponding,: usually, with the respective counties. Each organization of that kind is called a "Stake The Salt Lake Stake Library js doing great of Zion,", and veach, Stake is subdivided into good among the people ; furnishing for a mere trifle wards, corresponding with the small towns or the best of reading matter to those who have not Large. towns are divided into a number at; home. There will be, if the villages. of wards. Each ward has a Relief Society, with institution prospers, an excellent opportunity to its president and two counselors, secretary and gain information on the: topics of the day, and to treasurer. These .societies are composed of become familiar with subjects from hearing them meetwomen exclusively, who hold discussed by one's friends and acquaintances in ings and conduct their own business affairs. They an informal and social way. Those who are deliver medical, historical, and scientific .lectures actively engaged in furthering. this progressive and addresses on ' various subjects, do needle movement should deceive patronage and enwork, make arrangements for visiting the sick and couragement from a generous public, as it is not relieving the wants of the poor'in their respective an exclusive aliair, but one to benefit all, the wards, collect funds, make reports, and keep full citizen and stranger, both old and young. minutes of their doings and accounts of their On Thursday, March 32, there, was a very finances. Teachers visit periodically the memreunion of the officers and teachers of the bers at their homes. Relief Society of the iotb Ward and other inThese ward societies report to the Stake organvited guests at the residence of Sister Charlotte izations and they tothe general Presidency, and Fawcett. The hour of gathering was fixed at n thus all reunited unde one' head, ancl yet each a.m, Greetiogs were, interchanged: and dinner' society manages, its local' 'affairs independently was served aboat 13 m. Unknown to those :wh The officers of the Stake organUatlon visit the' " may know -- what has been - said and dsme at this Council heW in'the interests of iKe women of all ,, . T fit Salt Lake City .Utah one copy six month's, Terms: GO. Ten Published one copy one year, 12,00; copies for the price of nine 'Advertising rates: Each iqu.are, ten "lines of nonpareil - A liberal discount ipace, one time, tf.00; per month, 58.00." to regular advertisers.1 , seml-montbl- " . Exponent office, No. 25 E., South Tempi Street, second hours froifr lO r..m gate east of Deseret News Office. to' 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S Salt EXPONENT, : La is City. Utah. S T. - A - ; . . "A-wo- rd . Salt Lake April i, City, 1 883. , GENERAL ANNUAL CONFERENCE. ; The Fifty eighth Annual Conference of the Saints will Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y commence ai io o liulk uiuisuay ihuujiuk, 5h, 1888, in the i aDernacieTairk-atceuiiy."-- - The officers and members of the Church are re " '- ;spectfully invited to attend. . , " - Wilford Woodruff, Jn behalt ot the Louncirot tne iweive Apos ties. ' THE WOMAN'S. COUNCIL. X The International Council of Women in Wash " ington has had its week of Jubilee meetings and receptions, and has adjourned its session until some future time. The associated press has telegraphed items of the doings of the Council daily, but the full particulars and complete speeches, and addresses given, and papers read, v. i i i :" ucen receivcui ncre 10 At nave omy juarcu zy, inclusive. It has been, a magnificent affair, and from published accounts the utmost good feeling has prevailed. Great honor has been shownand deservedly too, to those noble pioneer women in the struggle for woman's, enfranchisement and hiprW f duration FJiynhptjiCadyManton and Susan B. Anthony were spoken of by Mrs. Elizabeth Boynton Harbert as the Moses and the Land." It. Joshua to lead them to must have been very gratifying to Mesdames Stanton, Anthony, Stone, Howe and Gage to ceive such kind and tender appreciation of their labors from the younger women. It speaks well . . . . the-Promise- t it.' n i .i j tribute to those grand women who. have bornelhe "burden and heat of the day." Much done in the four decades just finished, and yet there remains much to be accomplished for those who have come into the field later and joined this noble band of workers. No doubt they are conscious of the fact that those who come in 'at the eleven hour received each of them a penny," so they, though later in the fielcf," will share in the glory that will crown with success the labors of ' the day. We know something of the history of the women whose names are foremost in the great work of enfranchisement, and that their lives have been devoted to good works. They have cot sought the pleasures of the. world, but to elevate and. to advance the best interests of womankind. We know much about their public labors, and we know them personally, that they are women of great powers of intellect and attainments; that they are devoted to thcpublic good, that they are capable of great " to help the cause. . This Council will give to women everywhere and in every profession and department of work, fresh stimulus and renewed strength. We expect to publish from each of the speech es made from tljas to tlma, that all the reackrs of the Exponent has-bee- n 4 " ( self-sacrifi- ce tis-sociat- ed ' . . - -- x . large-librarie- s semi-monthl- , . -- -- ' -- y 