WOMAN'S EXPONENT. cm- and C? w J it before the con. ane now presented ' - w uew umcers, - and helped to forward abkcu ierence bu8iiuuj7'.-'wftosver they might be. Stena Willardson made a motion that we accept the resignation of, and honorably release Vand tender a vote of thanks to Sister Helen Armstrong for her past services. Sister Taylor put the motion before the and it was unanimously sustained; also d added that the organization would not be to day owing. to the. abience 'of Prest; ub . , - to. . ' will the Saints rejoice to tell, etc-.-. Ijenedic-tio- n by Bro. Frantzen. - The new Stake organization was Monday evening, March '22. at the regular meeting pf the- Young Ladies' at Ephraim, Sister Taylor being, present, also; Prest. Peter son, besides a great many brethrea arid sisters. Following are the names of the sisters duly elected and sustained by a lull vote: " ; Stena Willardson, President; Margaret Kjar . V r Vl I I tmA "I f T 'All M fin s I 0 - IJ I. 1 ,. . - - Hanui . e ' to-g- , . Wickman, Sec. " ALT LAKE STAKE. .- -' to-da- y man, Secretary; Dorcas Chriitcnson, Treasurer. Peterson. ." ... " - ? with U3 , Mrs, Z. D. YouU: iXl earnestlyipray that we may be built up in our most holy faith. I feel it to bo. a day of judgment, for us to judge oursistves and see whero we stand, to see if we have tho Holy Ghost in our hearts, that will guide up, enlighten uis and lead us into all light and intelligence. If we attend to our will be setting an fast day, and pur offerings-weverlasting example for good in the hearts of our children. Let us guide our lives, tha't we may overpower disease and sickness." " Mrs. R. Jones: "I hope and trust that all those who have come here rnay receive blessing. It is in a time of trial, we have o toThe Lord now. for guidance; we can't go to our brethren m au t hori ly now as we used to do; we will have to depend on the Lord, and He has promised to helpjuume of need. Prest. Home again read, for the benefit of to-day- Conference adjourned for three months, 1 '. com-plete- .. , the tircc'.'V.. Mrs. Webster, North Jordan, said, "I know that there are many here who can speak better" than l ean, but I always try to do whatever I am called on to do. 1 feel we are enjoying the presence of the Spirit of the Lord here con-ferenc- e, . AUNT JERUSHA WRITES A LETTER. have worked that great building.-sm proud. of my Scandibaviau sisters. I hopo we will try and overcome every evil, that we -may have .the Spirit of the - Lord with us all . Peterson. is marvelous to see how the sisters 167, Brother Conference of the Belief-- Society, held in the ithe.: sisters, the communication-from 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, March 15, 1888, "Woodruff, and said, "We are living in very Piesent on the stand, Mrs. M. I. Home, Mrs. peculiar times, showing that the end is. near. When we are left to ourselves, we do not know W. Smith, Mr?. 'H.'M, E. 8. Taylor, Mrs.-B- . r Ti r i Tin ft what to do, but .when, we get the Spirit of the conference wnitnev, ana iurs,,j iiowara. we then feel humble, and we see our own Lord opened by singing,- "The morning breaks," etc. Krr Afrc Ti W- GlmJfl. , "Pro itirrltirr weaknesses and try to overcome .them. All firm a foundation." After these exercises, the that we are passing through of a trying, nature will result in . our welfare I am thankroll was called, 29 presidents, 6 counselors and ful to see so many of my sisters hereto-day- . 2 teachers representing the branches. Minutes We'are preparing to. have oil in our lamps ' '.- read and accepted, Mrs. Jane Silcock, Rivci ton, was very much when the Redeemer comes. The promises are to those who keep the commandments of God; - TJiPfisPf! to mppt wJf h ' T rp. ni ?n nnfprpppp. all the predictions of the prophets will be verijoice continually in this work; it is my delight. I have a great desire to see the youth of Zion fied.; Let us love one' another; let us try to be in the foot- - united, for that time will come when we shall doing what is right and following i ;n i " all be as one. Jesus says, "If 'ye are not one t ssiepd ui iueir parents, x nope we win nave . ye are none' of mine." We want to be wide strength according to our day " awake and live up - Mrs. Ann our duty, and may the Holt,. South Jordan, 'T am glad . hcJ us. ... to meet with you;you are greatly blessed, but- .Lord p i i i i' i i. we iave very goou meetings in .ou.rorancn; our Coun. H. M. Whitney: "I am truly thank, T cf no TiaVnr. la Yrovir ti'n1 tn no nrtA Inn J ful to meet with you, and am thankful to see our young people in the ways of the Lord." so many sisters here. It is necessary that we Mrs. Sarah B. Gibson,-Sugamade House, fast and pray without ceasing, that we enter, , very good and timely remarks. not into temptation. Ifwe must lovcmir, Prest. Home said, "1 never wish to do or neighbors as ourselves,when shall wo come to do pra for-t- he Youth " of" Ziorf. We Fay any thing without the. help jof) he Spirit 6f- - 1 r the. Lord; I always ask Him for help so that ought to read . some of the old ermons, I may make no mistakes or say anything will be a great strength to us I wouldthey be She instruction concernitier cave ad wrong." glad to live to see the day that there will be ministering to the sick or for confinement, to be no poor or rich in Zion. Then will we be very cartful about the words we use. She read united. The Lord will send us comforters, a communication from President Woodruff, when we are bowed down with trials. .The for our etc. dead, Lord is good to .us, but He will chasten concerning clothing Conference adjourned till 2 p.m. Singing, us, that wo. may become mindful of Him. "0 God, we raise to Thee." Benediction by We have everything to be thankful for Mrs. Swartzs.. and to rejoice in. The Lord will bless, time.' in His us own Let. us not murmur good 2 p.m.: Conference opened with singing and or ever speak against the Lord s anointed. . ' prayer, etc. There arc thirgs transpiring to try us, to see Mrs." 13. W, Smith gave some interesting inwe have wisdom in controling our whether structions and encouragement to us to be faithwords and thoughts." ful to our Fathqr in Heaven, and to prepare Mrs. Freeze: "I sincerely wih we ourselves for the. coming of the Savior. "We memories, to remember the good counmust not slacken in the least in our endeavors sel we have received during. this conference." to teach our young people the ways of the Lord. She gave notice of the Young Ladies' confer' ence at 10 and 2 at the same place. . Singing; 7 .,' Couo. E. S. Taylor: "I am glad the sisters, Mrs. Clawson gave notice of the Primary are getting interested in' "the Relief Society, conleience on Saturday, at 10 and. 2, jn the ork;and in everything that will cause us to Assembly Hall. 7, be united.' ..The Lord will hh ss us cd o Con fer en car' j on rn r t h re 6'm on th sv according fo our works; if we arc diligent and do our Singing, "When shall we all mat aaio." duty, He wijl reward us. I have had the Benediction by Prcst. Home. privilege of visiting the Manti Tempb, and it HoWAnn, Ssertary. -- tit - - to-da- y - . t-- .- tv-- r r . 1 r i hao!-retentiv- e Mkhky Dalk, Aug. 18, Dear Brother Luiiier: Ever sencc cummin hum, I have worrit con siderable about the vain and fo6lish way your children wuz a growin up, and tho I dont wish ter, say anything ter make trubble 'twixt you and yourn, I ft el it is. my duty ter set down and write you a Tew thots I had on this same' same subject, tho gudness knows I be powerful ' . ... busy. Ter begin with, they goes out too much, and stay too late nights,nd then gits up too late in the mofnin ter ever amount ter a hill of Our own gude pat, beans in this busy world. used .to gay.thet one hour before twelve ents wuz better then threo after, and you and me Vin prove thet thet is the truth. " Still, I think lur sech young folks there's too much fun makin and pleasure-seekiagoin on, and not half enufF religion and solm and serus thinkin, fech as makes gude men and wimmin. Thet cookin school is the only thing thatdoe em any gude at all, and it only teaches em ex-- . " travaganceaudlooliirObingsfur eatm, thet. look nico and taste splendid, but unset. the stummacs ana ruin the helth, instead ol arnm how ter make red jelly thet shakes so you can't tech it, and is so glassy you kin purty high see thru it, which is made by takin (so ther teacher say?,' and I" mean ter try it when we heva weddin in the family), 1 quart of water, 2 ounces- of gelatin, 3 ft Jons, the hull thing, rind and juice both, 1 half pound of sugar, 2 -- n ; t --: - correander seeds, a teaspoonful whole mace, a aau a ouuue uay ieaves- us x, Baiu, msieau of spendin a hull day mixin up sech a lot of uuutuai ui tunics b.3 met jtsi iui um suite ui looks, 'twould be a heap more sensible to learn how ter make gude white bread, and save their father thet exnense. It alius did makn mo mad ter see that smilin idjid of a man sittin on the box of bred in" thet red and white wagon . i, i. : i xiuusu uvery muruiii ter onng uiiviu up iiu me you yer bread fur breakfast, when them girls mignt jist as. wen as not hev got up and made sech biscuts as would melt in your mouth, with a little flour, bakin powder and milk, witir jist - , . A nm liotif If pnufT c.rp&m fpr. makft t n . ..1 1 1.M . TMt i ll l you wouia inte n ten yer now teriga,Ke as i 1 ever eat: Jist take guae.breadas and sift ver- flour and lnut a littlf salf. in h ... ... .., then j iAt .uu. any-bod- -- ---- -.- - i tojv uliu IUIA lb UjJ IJICu nakti, r mAa on1 j Ilirtif finrlpiia nrwctr it am Avw .w SZ,.Z. 1' r ' stand over night; bu mornin it will be up light i' l , i anu reauy 10 oaKe, n you oniy nave gude which kin you yeast, easily hev by takin a handful of hops ahl boilin em in a small sack jr 1 1 " -(:-- 1 ... fuls of sugar and one of fait, stirred in; then grate in three good sized potatoes, and let it boil till it gets thick. 1 hen take it off, and when it's purty nigh cold put in a teacup snd a half of yeast; take ar little out of the whole quantity and let it rise first,' then pour it in. the jar, and better yea.t and better bread your children's master himself couldn't make, I. ' know. " . and will Hopin you wont , take no offense, take the warnin, -- I am. evert Iv r Your most afTecltionate sister,.. - Jerusha. , . ... WOMEN AND MEN.; w . edf k GEORGE ELIOT .AS A REALIST. For those who are accustomed to assume that a woman is limited by her sei to narrow. and partisan views of thiagr and that only a man can be comprehensive and it would be well to consider the literary attitude of George Eliot a littlo, and. compart it . large-minde- d, 