125 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. remedies" therefor, 'and "thousands are deceived ' in this ftiy. 1 11 '.' In'yiew .of thee: facts; my sisters, would it not Dear. Aunt Em: be well to turn tovthe Lord and fast and pray and Lord." J Now that "merry Christmas" has come and gone The Governor's- Messag e What an amount of humble; ourse.i'el. before Ilim;' having first ob.1a fcv New Year festivities are over and we are served closely the "word of wisdom', accoiding'to I say wilful) ignorance ; he displayed when -- itftirober reflection again, I will pen a few of 1 (shall lia tLnanfiAtnr in herorif J bsav ' .Liti nlrrictn!ni-- J ne auriomea an me. past mopuing, 'driving, pii-nif current subjects-which, you mv thoughts upon our o.titions mav hot be fackinc. because we haveand murdering of the. Mormon people to dering to are at pub-worth while, you them liberty think the 'Mormons... themselves', and justified not only ..neglected to observe that which God has given " . lish.. with a promise that "the destroying angel shall the past, but the present crusade also, covdihg Christmas! Is not this festival over done by us pass by us," for he- is surely abroad in the land. to his reasoning, because wickedTmen have in Are not gifts in many instances? And the inhabitants' of Zion will only escape as every age of righteousness, abused and foully too "often appreciated in proportion to their monethe laws of Zion and the counsels of. God are ob- . murdered good and holy men, therefore the act is tary value, rather than "their being" simply the r in all future time. Popular clamor found 7s e rvcd"by them; souvenirs of true friendship or the tokens of a justified abundant cause against Jesus, but were these Let us, then, nurse; our sick with all that dilihave-w- e not b.come loving affection? In short, But such assertions as the people justified? gence which love and a pure affectioifvill prompt, mprrpnarv to some extent in this particular? Is j Governor made upon this point in his message are exerting our skill to the "utmost, at the same time not friendship and affection often lost sight of in exercisin'- - "stroni' faith in God and in' thp orrh'. altogether unworthy an argument. I would like the sffongYfesire to outdo another in giving some-u;nr- r nances of His house. Let neighbor join with to have him to scores of living witnesses nnderin - value mriterinll v'i'thus ' j lllii'j v of unimpeachable 'veracilyiwho could tell such neighbor, if needs be, until we prevail ; or should to a depraved feeling? Have we not in many in our loved ones die, they will die unto God as the tales of atrocities committed against the Latter-da- y stances become so lavish in our gifts to our childrevelation declares. Trulythese are trying times, Saints that would harrow up the souls of .the ren upon these occasions as to make the simple most skeptical and bitterly prejudiced, if they but to taller is no woman s trait in general, presents from the Sabbath School very little would but though through lack of wisdom she may sometimes give attention to such recitals. But, appreciated? I merely ask these. questions, leav, Govern-orsfail. My. sisters, it will require all the natural for unfortunately for us, only very few of our r rr fi ' v i T. Prv fl v TrV IV r ,t X t t1'j rr 111. v iuj distitude and courage we possess, coupjed with all or other Federal appointees. have been New Year's! "A legal holiday,made so by statuwhich Ave can gather from above to, enable us to posed to award to us any consideration whatever, tory enactment. A time when work is thrown endure and successfully pass through the fiery and I suppose we must be content to bide our time ban dorr- - ourse ves to aside a ndwem e as urabl -- until eternal trials of these last days. justice shall proclaim for the right. pleasure and enjoyment. According to an old That God may assist us is the prayer of indeed? The Mormon people timeAmerican custom this was a call- day rather Never! any further than the advocacy of true and . Aunt Ruth. than a visiting one, when the "Happy New Year" who and them dare make doctrines so; The scriptural wish young. of have late interpret such moral suarsion as dangerous either this old fashioned customs of day to property, liberty, or life. The lands the MorBISHOP WHITNEY'S LECTURE. years been sadly abused, their original simplicity, in and and OhioMissouri mons Illinois, occupied heartiness and purity giving way to extravagance . i The initial lecture of the Twentieth Wardseries, so were which from ruthlessly driven, were they and foolish etiquette and sometimes deoaucn. under the auspices of the Improvement Associapurchased and. honestly paid for by the Mormon I was more than pleased to learn, that in the tion that Ward; "Tongues- of the Times, and people, and the titles held by the present occupants principal city of Utah, where the custom of keepivuHaf: tVifv nc J "-- was AptrrnA in .. many instances ...w.v. .nnd . , , CilllJg J tpll ng open house on that day had been growing very are in the main invalid, and are stained with Mormon blood.- I know whereof n hf Jan. 15 in the Ward meeting-house- . noruccir oil n 1 Of t f wuu ui xatv I speak. Had we, like ancient Israel, retaliated Bishop O. F. Whitney was the speaker, and his local papers of the names of those ladies who address was listened to throughout by a large, atupon our enemies and imbued our hands in their wnnld receive callers at the various houses, that tentive and delighted congregation. this year the custom was "more" honored in the blood, no matter how much soever" we might have would been have not been justified, we permitted Bishop Whitney opened .his address by saying And for one I will breach than the observance-'- ' the. of name the some tongues were audible while others were to This Lord. that build to Temples say, on all future New Year days, ''So mote tide." suffice to prove false the silent, and showed how theymight be audible to Christmas dav come round to one reason alone-shouLet each succeeding - l:j some whose spiritual conditions were suitable, statement that, the Mormons are a bloodthirsty us with its merry making, its family reunions, white silenUaxxthers-who-lack- ed the preparation Let the people, for they are essentially Temple builders. pleasures and enjoyment undisturbed. to receive their warning. Some seemed to think Old Year die peacefully and the New Year. come. King David, who never went to battle without that the. scriptures were not at all adapted to the t ..1. 1 d i onfirtnitinnc t the word of the Lord, and was consequently 111 .:!! Willi US Ul 'ft111- !.... 0 nuu j jiUl aiiu.ijjaiuuo present generation." The speaker stated that a justified in slaying the enemies of the people of unmarred, but in jhe midst of it all let us be contruth uttered in any age was a part of the Gospel God, was nevertheless not permitted to build tEe sistent, prudent and wise. would be found ' to cohere with all other Dancine:! An exercise both enjoyable, health- Temple in Jerusalem because he was a man of and truths uttered before or subsequent to that time. crivin or r n (I st.rtH'lv mhral. when indulged in. in blood. Therefore, his son Solomon was chosen And whosoever read the revelations of Gnd 111UUCI tiltUll, dl piUJJCi liuuio hji iiiiu piupi given through any of His Prophets, would, if ple; but quite the reverse when associated with I suppose Mormon women will legislation! possessed of the Holy Spirit, realize that they 'late hours immoderate indulgence and questionhave to bide their time and wait patiently for a spoke to him or her wiih oracular power. able companions. In regard to. round dancing, let in the national sentiment and the gallantry change The speaker then related incidents which oc me say that the persistent demand for it seems of the so called "Lords of Creation," if they have strange to me, when the universal verdict of the any left, to restore to us of which best men, the brightest minds and the; highest Joseph. Some knew that Brigham Young we have been so shamefully robbed, and those leader was appointed of Israel. They physiological and scientific talent, is altogether other privileges and rights which belorg to all of the Prophet had say that the mantle agaiDst it; while thespirit and teachings of many woman-kind- . Well, We are used to wailing and fallen on To them he spoke with Joseph's him. of the leaders of Israel have proclaimed against can trust the future most implicitly. voice. While others were in the dark, and the it. True, it is allowed to a limited extent, yet this e M. Associations! L. The Y. I. very first'princi-plcannot be quoted in any degree as a proof of the tongues of the time were silent to them. God was them Would in "retrenchment.". taught had always raised up men suited to their times ' propriety of .the practice. Israel anciently desired it not be well to go back to first principles again, to lead His people. Referred in a graphic manner many things which were not good, some of which with as such zeal to them make advocate their and to the labors of President Joseph Smith and were allowed by the Almighty, but always under one end of from for the felt other, Zionjto Brigham Young, and the cares which the Church protest,, and universallyrbrought disaster upon the power of our indulgences in foolish, ind I may "' many in its infancy and childhood had entailed upon people. wicked cerin some instances, fashions,are say, Our young sisters, if they would take the matter thosejeaders. .That during the exile of President in the of the Lord. abominable sight tainly of round dancing in hand, could, I am sure, settle Taylor and others the Saints had been required the Sickness! especially among the question most effectually by simply refusing to young, foremost tojhink for themselves and assume more of the mentioned that dreadful scourge of which may be responsibility of their course jand he likened the indulge in this kind of a dance under any circumthe' whose stoutest hearts experience of the Church in this regard to the stances. The only question with me is, although approach diphtheria, at made homes has so easy of solution, will they do it? In regard to desolate which many growth of a' man, who, having discarded the quail, and the persons who have a right to go forth in the done be to the indeed. Can nothing stay, swaddling clothes of infancy, and put away the ravages dance, President Young said, thirty years, ago, of this dread disease arid other kindred ones? All pinafore of his childhood, began to use his rea"That those individuals only who had kept their reliable medical men throughout the civilized j soning faculties, and to exercise his more manly world acknowledge their utter inability to success- powers in the spheres of usefulness. It was a covenants, and Served God faithfully, and who had refrained from wrongdoing, should join in the slothful servant who had to be. commanded in all fully grapple with what js termed diphtheria proper! dance." He also said, further, ''That such people things. Counsel should always be sought when Quacks and upstarts advertise various "infalible TIMELY SUGGESTIONS; were as well prepared for' a prayer.meeting immediately after dancing as after any. other exercise or labor, for their hearts were ipure before the . . -- - ! J Ki - 4 ; t W V4 111 V 1 - - 1 w w-- . - . . .'. - our-Christma- s " T'-- . to-liste- - - i c T f I T 9 57 TT T T 7 I -- ra - , - 1 - the-aggress- ors - , " . - - - 1 f- - .irc - jv-'-'-'.--- IT Of - 1 ,- ld .' '. . - H-- -- i 1 orthis-espeetal-wo-- k-. Xht-franch- ise . : , ' j .1V41.I.JF V 