WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1S8 their time in idleness, but. keep them constant ly employed in something useful, and always remember fine clothes will wear out, pleasant sights and scenes will fade from memory, fleet ing pleasures will soon m a thing oi the past, UUl UWte UIKl muncy spent, in jiumug a uacnu education, will build a foun d at io n of e verbs iuer happinessv and profit, which will pay an honest interest both in time and eternity. It will bring riches which can never be taken from us; will make us useful in society, agreeable companions, and only thing gained upon this earth which "we are permitted to- take broad founda tion upon the rock of revelation for each of our children to build upon in me iuiure, waicn-un- r with all diligence, that nothing be allowed to creep in to weaken or in any way mar the by our neglect. strength or beauty YVV as mothers, should layj a Clifton, Feb. with us when we die. - . - r We must understand the mind grows by what it i3 fed upon, and the brain, the seat of the mind, is sustained by the growth of the body, and the body grows by good ood, fresh air, and work and rest in suitable propoitions; hence, in our endeavors to improve; aiid .store the mind, we should be equally interested in the health and growth of the body Sleep is ts necessary to the mind as food, for during the day the process of tearing down goes on, ami during the night the process ofbuiMidg up should restore the loss. Children require more -sleep than "grown people, a3 "the child has to -- build the structure and keep up repairs at the same time. Children often require more food than grown people. ; " TEeTLord ha3 given U3 .rules regardingur food, and among them we find that hot drinks are not good for man, neither are strong drinks good for man, and tobacco is not good for man, but was intended as a medicine for sick cattle. Thus the Lord, in His mercy, has removed all doubt on these subiects, and we should be very diligent as mothers in Israel in teaching these things in plainness to our children. The following I copy from "Jhe Child's. Health -- Primer." 7- --- - 188$. OUDLKY. AND CURING DISEASE. rtcTjouth; it stumsthe growthTFurTslielnlndr and cripples in every way the boy or girl who uses it. The "brain, the seat of thought, is placed above all the other organs of the body, and is calculated to control and dictate the passions and desires, r Hence, when we come to the understanding that such things are injurious to our bodies, we should listen to the voice of reason and let them severely alone, governing, ourtppetites not letting our appetites govern us. God designed that the mind should govern the body, and that we should control our thoughts, words, actions, and every tljing connected with them, and bring them into subjection to His revealed will. The powers of the mind. are beyond our prannsiolthenra we learn the more we can learn and the faster and more capable we are to learn. , We often hear people remark that a certain young man has finished bis education; but he has merely learned the rudiments or rules whereby hejs enabled to go on learning ft3 long as life lftts?4one should consider his or her education-finishewhile life and reason lasts, d for the opportunities for increasing our knowledge will not end with this life,-bu- t will extend into eternity, according to the word of God. -- . con-siderh- , A , Lectuii k Deli vered by Pr esi dent" J. Jf. Hqwell, in the Relief Society Meeting, Held at Clifton, June, 1887. . ' Our bodies are made in harmony with certain laws, and every person should learn them, inr oi tier to regulate uis or ner actions ana mines, so that health may be preserved, and the powers of enjoyment and usefulness continue while life lasts. " ; First. It is a law of the bones and muscles that they should either be used in some kind of labor; or called" into action play or- healthful sport. :.; Second. All admit that food is necessary to sustain lift; and unless it beof a proper kind, taken in proper quantitiesanarat propertimes7 the digestive organs will be deranged and pro duce disease; Third. Pure air is essential to the full en joyment of good health. ILy ou breathe impure air,you ma;y not immediately feel the effects of it, yet it is a violation of the physical lawTs, and sooner or later you will pay the penalty in and suffering. , Fourth. The body also requires sleep; and if be not taken "at the right timer or with ruguit larity, we do not feel full refreshment. Let the youth of Zion be taught that "early to. bed -- by-soc- ial dis-eas- e - "Tobacco is not good for man, but there is a very good reason why it is worse for boys. If you were going to build a house, would it be wise for you to put in the stonework of the cellar something that would make it less strong? Something in the brickwork or the mcrtar, the woodwork or the nails, the walls or the chimneys, that would male them weak and tottering "instead of strong and steady? It would . be bad enough if you should repair your house with poor material, but surely it must be built in the first place with t ha best material you ' ' can get. "Wise doctors have said that the boy who used tobacco while hetrsgrowing makes every part of the body less strong than it otherwise would be. Tobacco in any form is an enemy No girl should education, complete who h' not acquainted with the principles of the duties of a uurse or the laws of health.,, .The nurse, before commencing to bathe the patient, should pro vide herself with water, two towels, a sponge, a , piece of soft flannel and a sheet. Use tepid or warm v ater; apply the wet. sponge to one part of the body at a time; by so doing the .danger of faking cold i3 lessened; take a dry, soft towel, wipe the bathed part, and follow this by & vigorous rubbing with a bath towel; then use briskly a, piece of soft flannel, to remove all moisture that may exiat on the skin, and par ticularly between the fingers and underneath the joints. But before using the sponge to bathe, a sheet or fold of cloth should be spread smoothly over the bed and under the patient,, to prevent thrbed clothes on which the patient is from becoming dampor weU In this manner the entire body should be bathed an least once hours. The practice of .every twenty-four- " hands with a towel and face daubing the dipped in hot rum, camphor and vinegar does not remove the impurities, but causes the skin to soon feel dry, hard and uncomfortable. V; '" The diet jfjhe sickhpudbe simple, and should be prepared in a neat and careful man- - $ ner. In ventilating the sick room great care .... should be taken that the patient does not feel wel 1 as the draught or eurren t. Bed JinenT-a"thaFof the body, should" be "aired every day, ' and ofteuer changed in sickness than in health. All clothing, when changed, should be well ' dried and warmed ; by a fire previous to its be-i- n a nut. on the natient orbe(LThe temnera-ture of the sick room should be moderate; if the room is kept too warm, the patient will be weakened, and is more liable to take cold on leaving the sick room. The movements of the nurse should be gentle and noiseless. Shutting doors violently, creaking hinges, and all un necessary noise should; be avoided. Whisper- e sick charaber-ismor- e ingin-thannoying than ot the nurse to a common tone. Ihe remarks ' the patient should always be encouraging. Never speak of the illness of a friend or a recent death in theick room. The nurse should not confine' herself to the sick room .too long at a time. She should eat andarly toTiseivehemybealth randallits attendant blessings. I he" brain, like other organs of the body, should be called into ac tion at proper times. The office of the skin is to remove the' impure and worn out particles of matter from the body; it is very important that i t should be bath ed often to keep it clean and the pores open. Ihi3 is very important in the preserv ation of health. It is seldom neces sary to employ a doctor in the common diseases we have to contend with, especially in the first stages.. In all instances of disease it is proper to rest not only the body, .but the mind. "The patient should cease her physical labor, and also withdraw her mind from study and business; rrinohOTidbe done eveiTiPthe patient is but slightly ill. The sick room should be roomy and as little exposed to outside noise as possible, as noise and confusion greatly excite the nervous system. The sick room should be well ventilated, and have no unnecessary furniture. Care should be taken in regulating the light of the sick room; a 'strong light will produce an increased action of the brain, while a moderate ' light will stimulate' this organ. Sick persons should not be disturbed by too many visitors. It i3 very important in cold, and in fact all diseases, thattheekin be kept clean. If the 120 or 130 ounces of waste, hurtful matter that passes through the pores of the skin in twenty- - ; s, -- s s , and, "heroodegularly7haTe daily JnlthefopenI but little danger of Contracting disease .if the nurse attends to the simple laws of health, and remains not more than six hours at a time in the sick room. Watchers should always eat supper before entering the sick room. Alcohol, never be used whiskey, tear and coffee should si us a stinrtnam in- :timeBnrffiEues3 or in; health. Now, in connection with our works, faith should be exercised also; faith in ' God our Heavenly Father, and in His promises, that if we will keep the word of wisdom we shall be healthy and strong, and the destroying angel shall pass by ' our doors and will not have power to take our little, ones from us. When we have need of physicians send for the Elders who hold a portion of the holy priesthood, which is the power to act in the ordinances of the house of God, and exercise faith in the promises of God, being humble cand prayerful at all times. Never forrret to thank God for His mercies on and civeHim ' the glory air.-TiuTeJ- take-exerci- se s - such-occasio- fouj-jiour- ns, ing "and dry rubbiug, it deranges the vessels that separate this waste matter from the blood, and thus increases the disease of the inside organs. Every sick person should breathe pure air; the purer the blood that courses through the body, the greater the energy of the system to remove the disease. It requires knowledge and practice to sick. Woman, from-hproperly nurse constitution and habits, is the natural nurse of the sick, and in this Church no small portion of her time is spent in ministering at the bed te er' . MEANS OF PRESERVING HEALTH is-t- he ' G, D,.. ' of disease and suffering. er Miss Susan B. Authonv had a hearing before the House Judiciary Committee at Washington, luesaay, j?eD. 8, Mary Howitt who has iust died at the acre of eighty-fouwas a very small woman ' with a very-swesweet face. She translated -- Fred erika Bremer's works, arid wrote manv charm ing stories for children. She was : born a Quaker and died a Roman Catholic . r, et 