A. 23 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. At 10 o'clock the meeting was opened by conference six months ago, an1 wUh& they had been printed. "It is proper zi d right that the singing of the Castle Pale choir; and prayer C. Stake President G. offered Larsen. we should represent ourselves thimigh our was by The minutes of previous conference read by the papers, and the sisters had their own paper Secretary and unanimously accepted: Sister the1 Woman's Exponent where they can. be Kathinka Andersen was unanimously sustained heard from, and we should support lbt paper, as minute clerK oi tne conference, lhere and hand m our contnhatn-j- t& the mrae : wards were several the of read, andx The noble sisters' will yet rule the Wid with ports hihi'ted the several branches in a livelv-eoheir great influence as molhfcri. zxA many of had received a The liberal share of them will be sent as ambassadors frora Zion, to tion, poor invite the good and upright to yAn in then-labthe generous donations from the sisters. , .; of kindness and love, hecaaie thxe are Sister Anna Larsen, the President of the as Relief Society of the. Stake,' expressed , her yet good fish in the brook a La been brought out from there. Womars 'jjrige has happiness for the blessed opportunity of meeting once more with the sisters of Emery Stake of late been much ventilated Ea.--l, bat it would be a blessing 'for any nation Ut give the in our jemi-annua- l conference, and that everything around smiled in favor upon Us. There -- women a.vbice at thepoL?, as mrdy ah vice and and corruption, drunkenness and dMuckerf had been considerable whooping-cougother, sickness, but few deaths among the would exist, and such men would & t be placed children, but it waX now getting better. She in authority to rule over people, wto ofkn now desired all the Secretaries to be present, to get are much better than their rulerirG,:.d uded by i asking-- heaven's- - choicest .bIesb.gio mt u pan ;,. an understand n g of tha correct way of making the sisters of Emery "Stake and thtir noble up the reports, as many did not comprehend work.-this difficult labor,' and thereby caused a good deal of Unnecessary trouble for tne Stake SeveralmOre of the brethren .ad sitters, ; Secretary. present ad d ed thirTestimdnTegsdpen.ces in the" Church of Christ SisteF Avery, of Huntington, Mary Olsen; ' of Ferron, Ellen Robertson of Orangeyille, and On motion Kathinka Andersen, unaniStine Dlsen of Castle Dale, each gave a report mously sustained as Assistant to .Stake of the Society over which she presided, and Secretary, and wa3 set apart ti thli cSce by stated that ajl was well; the sisters were able-tPrest. C. G. Larsen. ' aid in the good.of relief and spread of benevoPrest. Anne Larsen made the cl&iag relence and comfort all around, and much good marks by expressing her .s&tkf&etifJa Mm., all had already been realized from these organizawe had done during this conference, fer all the tions ijrthe different, wards, by visiting the sick we "t&d regood counsels ' and'alleviating wants. and we ceived, hoped might gather nrtsgth for Sister Shomaker gave a report of Molen the time coming, and to remember the poor. Ward; said all was well there, and the sisters and suffering, and try to warm every heart with were united in their good works. the sunshine of love and sympathy. Tbls is our and all we honor l Sister Childs, First Counselor to Jie Stake mission, may said she felt better than never Conference was then adjourned sstil October President, and ..wished she could say the same six 20th, at Orangeville. Btnedlcthu wzs pro months henOej because our path seem3 often nounced by John Jensen. 1. strewn with troubles and trials. "We should Kathinka Anders or, AsJt Sec strive txrlive honest and upright before Grod, fast and pray, that the Lord might hear us in BAN"NOCKn3TAKE the hour of darkness. We should cultivate Minutes of . the quarterly .conference of purity of heart, that is the costly jewel for atter-day Saints,- eveinf the outward appear ance is not" so uttractivewe-- may be like, a corrvened-- m -- Kex burg-H- alf Hinkley presidicsr. M&tinz plain bound book filled with good instructions, while sometimes a hnely ornamented volume opened by singing. Prayer by .Omb-- Telitha may contain entirely unwholesome,, or even Helm. - Singing; 'Glorious things are Hiag of As mothers, we should Zaon. KollcalI.ed, and minutes -- of previous poisonous reading. study our children, and adopt the best and conference read, and approved- Sister Sarah Holman, First CtAin. of Ilex- most effectual plans toVaise them in the fear of . 3 At T i i C t ' at comz (od, and always keep them under that - our? Docieiy, reponea Enai .x-ies- ' : nd or -- -- h ; . - ''l, . ; tk o : tt-da- y, -L- Mirilt5S " Prest;-Temperan- ce 1 v power. ' - . Conference adjourned until 2 p.m Choir sangvx Benediction by C. G. Larsen, Jr. Afternoon session, 2 p.m.: Opened with singing, Prayer by Bishop Henning Olsen. Sister Pulsipher, of Huntington, Second Counselor to the Stake President, was the first speaker. She felt happy, for the privilege of meeting with the sisters on this occasion.We had no reason to fear neither the Edmunds- -' Tucker Jbill nor any other measure aiming at our overthrow, if we only keep near God. As President Woodruff says mhe Epistle to the Saints, 'This organizatioxr 3f the sisters is for the purpose of cheerin'g each ojher, and to visit the sick and aid the poor and the more we do of this, the more abundant will .be our blessings.' Good instructions given by mothers to the children will stay by, them so they can go- to both Primaries and other meetings and they will behave well and be benefited." of the sisters joined in a faithful, testimony, concerning the great Latter-dawork, and their joys in the cause of Relief Prest. C. G.' Larsen next addressed the meeting. Was pleased for the honor conferred upon him, to occupy a short time; was very favorably impressed by the minutes read of . - y well. Askedodo bles3 the Iteiki Societj with Unity, that it may be able trdb "mtich for the advancement of this great woric Coun. Henriette Dudley, of Tetos, laid the majority or the sisters m her ward Lai finall families, and it was hard for them fc gti out to meetings, and bore a laithful testzsisr- Prest. Louisa Butler, of Lymaa, a5d her Society was in a prosperous coadi:rs,ar.d bore her testimony. Sister Caroline JVgobs, of Salem, sid the sisters of that ward wereryictIjTeTEeiF religion and train their child reo anht- Prest. Orris3a B rower, of WiIfri, mid they, felt like going forward and jXTfunzls their duties better in the future, and aked the biasings of the Lord tarestnpon all. .Prest. T. Helm, of Burton, said thz ihiem there were doing well "tlir cum- bers, which were few. VThefe tf a tendance, and all feel to help one ZLoibr gd at- The statistical and financial reports were read, showing that the different bracL in the " Stake were in a good condition. Stake Prest. ..Temperance HicUsj addressed the conference. Expressed her ar.r.rativn of the work of the Societv, and felt xAz-to ee so many trying to perform their dzuzs. "We should bejtrictly disciplined in th'gvsrzzieat children to be an honor to us. We should teach them by example to attend their meetings; we should 6end them to Primary, Sunday School and fast meetings, for there they get the spirit of testimony. We should be prayerful and humble, that the Lord may pour down His blessings upon us. If we would be united and do our "duties we would have no time to backbite'eaoh : other." Sister Zina D.. II. Young told us y,e should not quench the Spirit of each other helps to quench the good Spirit." Bore a strong testimony to the truth of the Gospel, and asked that the blessings of the sisters of the Relie the Lord might rest-oSociety. Would like all to help build a Stake house. Sister Young; bore her testimony, and . gave many good and timely instructions. Stake Coun. Telitha J. Helm exhorted the mothers to be united and prize their children above all the - riches ofItheearth. JiThe Lord gave them to us" pure, and if we don't-brinthem up as we should do, the Lord will hold us accountable for it. This is a great and ' glorious work,.and I am thankful that I was permitted to come "dowh tipn .of the fulness of times." Urged the necessity of living pure lives, and be prepared to go, to the temples of God, and do' our work for our dead. JIf any one is falling from the faith, speak to them with all humility and kindness, and help them climb the hill of perfection; or if any one is cast down, cheer them up. Asked God to bless the sisters and unite them .as one, for in unity there 13 strength. Sister Sarah A. Barnes had felt greatly interested in the good reports, and the instructions we had received. "I think they have sunk deep into the hearts of all present, to 1 grow and blossom in future time.-- was pleased with the instructions given us in regard to the rearing of our precious jewels God has blessed us with. Being the President of the Primary, ad van cement-- of Ltake great interest iai-thour children. I think there is no greater work than with thehildren; we should teach, them to live "for something beyond this world, to make their aim high, and "strive to reach i t. W e should improve our talents and ed u cate ourselves, for the Lord has said we never can ' " be saved in our ignorance." The Stake and local officers, as they stand, were unanimously sustained. Conference adjourned for three months. Closed bv singing, "Arise, oh, glorious Zion." Benediction by Sister Sarah A. Barnes. ' Sarah A. Barnes, Stake Sec. of God,. and bring upour - . ; . ofGod-'iand-evil-speak--in- . n ; ; g . e ECONOMY OF STRENGTH. We frequently.read long articles on economy of time and of material, but where one woman is obliged to not only furnish the brain to direct, but also the hand to execute all the work of a household, there is great need for her t& study eeonomy of strength. Upon her depends, in a great, measure, the health, comfort and' happiness of her family and the enjoyment of her guests. X . Although her house is in, perfect order and her meals served in the best possible manner, if she is herself all "fagged out," the home will x lack an important element of comfort. ; one to work some hear "the is I say, "But, must do it." Yes, but why be done, and-not work in the 'easiest way saving all the labor you can, teaching" "others to save for you and planning each day for a resting time. Why should the farmer's wife, rise early and work straight through the long, hot summer day, while the farmer, his hired men, and even the horses and oxen must have the noon hour to rest, to lie under the shade of the trees, perhaps, to take a little nap. They know they - 1 x 