WOMAN'S- EXPONENT. G Curtls. Singing, "0, my Father,vThou that assembled dwellest." - The were addressed: in a most consoling manner by Brothers- - Moroni Pickett, Robert Wilson - and Q. P. Bates. Choir sansj, "Farewell, all earthly freshest flowers the graves "where lie buried honors." At the burying ground the dedicatory y many a heart and hope. prayer was offered by Bro. Cyrus olman. for the jrue and brave, ,X3rin flowers Sister Greene was entirely confined to the house Who fought for the Unioa and you; during the'past winter on account "of feeble health, rThcn crown with the myrtle and laurel but as the genial warmth' of. spring came on, she The graves of the 'Grey and the "Blue.'' ventured out the Sunday preceding, and on the Let carnage and strife be forgotten, , And the curtains of peace be hung latter meeting she arose April fast day. O'er all and tji blest deeds of mercy, and bore a powerful testimony to the truth, exO. loud let their glories be sung. pressing her joy and faith in her Father's' work, .Bring pansie, all golden and purple, remarking how thankful she was that her race Like'lhoughts of dear faces, long gone; was so nearly run, that the time would soon come The purple, the typej)f the loyal, when she would behold His face, The gold, ot an heavenly crown. Immediately after taking her seat her right arm Uring lilies and cowslips and snowdrops., became numb and powerless. The stroke spread - And roses blood-reand pure white, so that before night she was prostrated upon the With woodbine and jasmine and cypress, ', bed of sickness from which shtf never" arose. Wreathe a crown for our "army of light." Though our acquaintance with our departed sister Acl the "Pay" with its lesson of flow'rs, had been of comparatively short duration, and t Shall teach the children who see, was not, perhaps, as fhtimate as that of many of We libnor the heroes, "who saved us, 7 Our land and our lnion free. yoTirjeaders, yet we, as a Society and as a com- But when with footsteps ..;, rmunfty"had seen and- - known- enough of her pure" The streets of the 'silent town, humble and faithful character to draw ot't our --;- ', And on the graves of our deepest love and respect, and our true appreciaWe gently lay our chaplets down, tion of her wo'rth. Arid now, as a Society of sisters, we fully "'We'll keep a few of the flowers fair, ' realize the loss we sustain in her departure, though The Ittliotrope and sweet harebell, it be to her gain; "and we tender our heartfelt For households that'":cr Know full well, Wliere Death hath taken the larger share, sympathy to, her many friends and relatives left will to be it best And, methinks, say behind, especially to her children, whom she ever -r To a who mourn, Memorial Day! led in the. straight and narrow way, and who fully ' WOODINA. realize, better than we can tell" them, that the time will be but short when, if they will, they may again meet her, their beloved mother,' never' more AFTER 'THE SAD NEWS. to part. sarred ltfemnri.il Dnv! when memories of o'er our souls, and all soften every feeling save regret; a day when we Jwine the cypress and the myrtle O. the-precio- past-swe- ep and-heap-w- es ith ' to-da- friends-and-relativ- - -- y At-the- . , . . . d tion is but $2,600, or about $4 per girl n the 1,400 girls enrolled; 10 study physiology 112 Arabie,--1 16 geography, 111 "French, 248 arithmetic and the American language. More than fifty other independent schools scattered ; V nil n7Pi Vrrvnt liavfi frrnwn irn unrlo couragement of the mission and are taught by graduates of its schools. In these an average attendance of more; than 2,000 schollars, 3 00 being girls, are taught at a yearly cost of $6,000. At Assyoot',our consular agent, M. Khayatt an Egyptian, besides supporting, a school of 200 girls and bpys, gives liberally to the eollp and.schooh of the American missibnv Miss Thompson, the superintendent teacher, of the mission' schools, of Cairo for girls, has given us another evidence of womanly energy and' Miss W.hately has for unselfish capacity. several years carried on a girl's school and earned the encomiums of her English patrons. A t the school in 'Luxor we find girls in the first class reading Peter Parley; one of them has recently married the native fpnrher T made every effort possible to learn the compara tive condition; of women and girls, and my questions to priests, consuls, town officers and "teachers as tothcTlace"they "assigned to my iside of humanity, gave mucbr amusement to my son3 and daughters. , who those are Among doing good to the people and educating the children, I make most honorable mention of Pere Samuel, a Neapolitan priest, wno has spent more than twenty years, in Upper Egypt.- He has given of hi3 time-an- d means to the sick and needy of every class .and'sect, without stint or reward. On.ourre-tur- n voyage we anchored at the village of Negadeh and spent an afternoon with the old man in his church and garden. We found the church clean and cool. More than forty years " ago he built it, a worthy work ot architecture Fannie Gorkinge, Prest., and finish. A Belgian lady has given him a ' F. Amelia Pickett, Coun. organ, ana ne is organist ana chpir as parlor wall 3 nrlcit. Tlioro tra f! n a hita nf ft tPTn. EGYKTIAN women. pies built into the doors and pillars, which he shows with pride. He said that women came 7 13 Y CHARLOTTE to church and were more than half his congre B. WILEOUR. gation. He led us to his school of seventy little better-siz- e No 7. boys, and three little girls. The boys were writing on tin slates; some of the texts were in Coptic. The Pere told us that he, SCHOOLS AND EDUCATION. v read the service In Latin, Arabic, and Coptic, There are in Egypt governmental schools, and was teaching, the Copt boys the language of colleges, and universities for hnva their service that they might pray intelligently, school, and schools of religious and benevolent Mr. Wilbour asked if he had ever converted societies. At Gairo and" Alexandria are he. they was quite radiant as he replied: Muslims; large and well situated. The sons and daughters ' 'I 4 2;llujlimianjny50yara JajreJtlzed oLoorpj-ejgneiuuentlot service. He said that before the Jjriusn , creditable progress. The short time gftls may ' occupation he had a school of 50 girls, but .a J ttucuuA cuuuui, uoes not permit them to get donations failed after that began; he had to much beyond reading and sewing. The with much regret, and feared that he large, free university of El Azhar, at Cairo, has a give up could never it. Jle resignedly added: woman's department for midwifery attached to uui tnat must always be, tne gins aner iubof the medical sehool,not because the State desires boys." Ou r sailors who knew him, spoke to educate women, but because' the of him as a saint who in time of epidemics, went religion the country excludes male physicians from the among the dying and the dead, and harem, except in unusual cases. In some of fearlessly did hi3 duty by all in suffering. Grand old the larger towns along the river, small schools for boys are taught .by Greek priests and man,when the work falfe.from his willing hands, who shall take it up? Catholic monks. Comparatively few atVV e visited Muslim schools without satisiac-tion-, tend school; there is a deep seated girls prejudice to our curiosity. Let me tell you ' except their against reading and understanding-numbers- , was and it is considered immoral for them to what I saw in one at Luxor. The school found under a cornstock shed, open on one ; sit under a roof with strange boys, though they side. When we entered, a lively, boy ran to may play with them out of doors. If the Wl an elevated divan at one end of the shed, and can reiid, shewill not wish to the water, shouted up to the toaster, who was lying on the drive the buffalo to the river, bring the door'ra grind divan with a, pillow under his head. He sat , fae will not work; she will be like the boy. up and fooked at us with soft, dreamy eyes, These reasons were many times given us by men and boys who were butdidDotrecogiiizeoursalutationr thought to the educa-tio- n twice opposed ... repeated. Not . a ray of intelligence of girls. passed over his handsome face; we were emWe were much interested in the mission barrassed, and eighty little faces turned toward schQo The American mission in its eleven in sympathy.. My daughter beckoned to us schools andcolleges, teaches an average-attend-Sthe who came to us, and asked that ;3 at an annual cost of the lively lad, .PUP the Koran. in its six girl schools, with an The boys might repeat a prayer from monitor gave 4he command to the school, average attendance of G30, the cost of instruc and the slates wereAlaid down and the recita- . -- -- ; jlnwwe-lread,,..:,- , - " ' . ..- ' -- Sit here,, dear boyy and hold your mother's hand. In years to come, with tender, sober thought, You will recall bright truths, which grandma taught. 15 van and Heber are so young that they Scarce now remember when she went away. Her gentle face my babies will forget, With all its love, but I shall see it yet. we Dft precious dreams will her sweet presence fill; Soothing our cares with smiles and fond embrace, Rich with the glories of her dwelling place. M s. shali-sce-heslU- She will be near us in each trying hour, . .'ather too, and we shall feel the power f Or tneir . ... ; 1 , ;'.'"'" . Mjybrfithiers-si.ster- - ; My little boys, my darlings, stay with me! The postman brought this letter which you seef I've opened it, and all its contents read; Tis from aunt Lissie, Grandma Greene is dead.' Oh, Lee! my first born son, so large and tall, -- You're old enough to comprehend it all. Your loving arms, close, close around me twine, And for a moment press your cheek' to mine; And you too, Willie, you can understand, -- - -- soldier-dead- B Cn-nti- - 1 . re-ope- . - true love, united, pure and strong; .Strengthening, guiding, helping us along; That we may find the rest which they have found, In that blest home where peace and joy abound. Let us be faithful, brothers, sisters mine,x That we may meet them in that home divine; . 'Twill not be long, we will with reverence wait. For their sweet welcome at the Pearly Gate. V DEATH OF SUSAN K. GREENE. Editor Woman's Exponent: Sister Susan Kent Greene departed this life April. 17, 188S, at her home.in MarionCassja Co., Idaho, after an illness of thirteen days. She was buried on the 19th; a procession the remains from .the residence to the Oakley Hall, where the services were held at 3 p.m., Stake President H. D. Haight ing. The choir sang the hymn, "Softly beams the sacred dawning.".: Prayer by Bro. D. 9." fol-low- ed n 