Woman's 'Exponent: S EMMEL'lMl-&-WELL- the-UDi- ted will be. Editor. Bv'ietter that the price tor the use of Albaugh's Opera learn In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms; Published Sl.OO. Ten : House will be. $1,800, but she says, "The largest capy six mouths, one copy one ye.ir, ai churches here will not hold the people that come copies for the price of nine. lines of ten. nonpareil Each rates: square,; Advertising to our regular meetings." A liberal 'discount vpace, one time, VM; w month Jr.00. ' The programme of the International Counci to regular advertisers. second was not quite- - complete at the. latest information Exponknt office, No. 25 E.. South Templa Street, 10 .m from hours Business Office. pate cast of Deseret News we received, but among the delegates from nation-all- ) to 5 pm. every day, except Sundng. organized bodies of. women in this country Address all business communications to ' are Mrs. Mary A. Livermpre, Mrs. Lucy Stone, PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, " ' Miss Francis WMard, Mrs. Caroline Buell, Mrs. Salt La kk City Utah. Julia Ward Howe, Miss Mary F Eastman and xMiss Clara Barton. The Western Association of Ffbruary ,15,. i 888. Salt Lake City, Alumnx send their President, the Collegiate eminent microscopist of the! Michigan University", -Louise Reed Stoweli: Mrs. Frazier will represent FORTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ' r, WOMAN SUFFRAGE MOVEthe Moral Education Society. Mrs. Laura ' M E NT. the ladies of the G. A. 'R. Rev. Antoinette Brown Blackw.ell, the first woman ordained to the Th e 4 n te rnid onaiXo u n ci minjstryt will be present ; ajso Rev. Anna Shaw, i next month in Wa shington, D . C, and of w h c h the only ordained Methodist women, Pendita we have already published several notices, is to be Ramabai will speak for the women of India. Fin a more elaborate sort of Jubilee for women than land vHenm ark and .Sweden a re to s end representa- was at first anticipated, even by the ladies who lives' Trance- - has elected ..Madame Bagelot of B. Miss Susan Paris as: a delegate, and England sends to the Anthony planned the campaign. has been interviewed by Washington reporters, Council Miss Helen Taylor, step daughter of and has spoken quite wittily upon the subject. John Stuart. Mill. Mjss Henrietta Muller, a mem. Dear Miss Anthony, whom all suffragists .'love her of the London school board, will come to the Councilrand also Mrs7Alice;Sc"ratcherd,n promi- "very dearly, has the most ready wirat her comin England, Helen mand, and reporters or interrogators either never ne'nf woman suffragist Campbell, author of the "Prisoners of Poverty," get the best of her. We have always noticed, whether on the platform or in the reception or who, on account of her work in England, will not she always has an answer ready be able to attend in person, will send a paper, drawing-roowhich will be read, as also a ' report by" Fanny for every satirist, and so cool and collected as to preserve her womanly dignity under the most Zampini Salazaro of Rome. This lady is editor Her courage and equan0 f - th e Review oLih e inte re s tsoLwomen pub trying circumstances lished in Rome, and will write upon the work of Such women as Miss imity arc unsurpassed. Italian women. Anthony are rare, and in genuine originality she in the leaders suffrage cause.. j This altogether new movement on the part of equals any of the anc Lucy Stone are, perhaps, more the N. W. S. A. is distinctive in itself, and will in and views Miss their but thoughts, motherly do more towards making woman suffrage popular and both the carries a is leader born, , than any work that has yet been done, or any Anthony mothers and daughters along with her, fearlessly, convention that has been called. It is. bringing Young together in a (General Assembly the brightest and independently and without hesitation. look an to her oracle as women almost, and ablest leaders, and the most intellectual women of' up her very manner givesprestige to her work. No the age that are before the public. It is an inspiraone who has .ever seen Miss Anthony can help tion in the advancement of the cause of.woman so face and her figure, positive peculiar noticing that will promote all the several interests of the in its character, so remarkable in its outline; and great subjects under consideration by both men so emphatic is site in her declaration of. right, and and women of progressive thought. fail cannot ot to' she that, denunciation wrong, .Industrial enterprises that will give employment the convictions her upon to woman and to girls, by which they can gain a public: impress will forward livlihood We venture to say this; movement cities of the old ai has been and women new that is for the suffrage delayed world, one cf the most important matters to be hoped for from the ballot in the hands most everywhere for forty years," and 'that States and Territories will, with renewed energy, take of women, or from the powerful influence of a popular bodyof interested workers in this direcup the subject and accomplish something creditfor assowomen. ballot The tion. That much can be done in suppressing vice able in favor of the of be to are a be to ciations mostly by industry there is little doubt. When represented national character. Miss Anthony said to a Washwomen move .earnestly and in unity upon holdfirst we thought of some of these momentous questions at issue, and ington reporter, "When none of we when noble, usimagined men are willing to join ing this woman's jubilee should find more than half, a dozen Nationally harmoniously in these great and .high enSecreand of the associations deavors for women, the organized bettering of the condition of have to we out associations me sent tells those who are tary powerless to lift themselves, instead of buying votes for whiskey then there will nearly forty official invitations." be something permanent accomplished. MeanThe question then, asked. Miss Anthony was. i'llave you invited only nationally organized bodies time let us hope that Congress will treat no other of women?" Miss Anthony's reply was, "That class of women as its members have treated "Mormon" women after they had been given the has been our rule so far as invitations are concerned. Besides these, we have invited a number ballot, and voted for seventeen years, to of distinguished women to speak on various kinds take it away without cause or provocation kind and only this frivolous Dre- of unorganized work. For instance take the various professions. We have women physicians-- , lawyers sumption, "We have the power and you can't help . yourselves." ministers, publishers, editors. No associations .of women In these lines of work exist, yet they The worst excuse for "not to granting must be heard of at our council if we wish to other women is that "Mormon" womensufge voted a make it anything approaching a complete picture "Mormon" tictket. "It was quoted as a of what women have done and are doing. So we trong argument why none of the women in semi-monthl- vote."-Thi- s States should-b- e - permitted does seem ridiculous but nevertheless the, statement is published in the papers. have invited women who afeTVequaTnte; (torn this one practice with these professions." From may gather a little what the nature of the Council AN INTERESTING VISIT. y On thefi7th. day of October, 1887, Sister M. Isabella Home left this city on a visiting tour to S2.00-ron- e well-know- Mc-Nei- -- -- m, Mrs..-Sia?to- n in-4- he over-crowde- d pure-minde- lion-hearte- of-an- d y , - d her friends at a distance, meeting her husband in .Ogden, who joined her in the journey. The same evening, at 7 fp.m.,they took. the. Union Pacific train for San Francisco, and arrived there after a pleasant journey of two days. They stopped at. n Russ House, and spent a little the "time 'in sight seeing in that famous Ocean city. They remained only a few days, however when they resumed their journey down into Southern California to visit Bro. Home's Sister, Mrs. Rebecca Mallory, who resides .in Hollister, in San Benito Co., a very handsome little town. The view from the railway in traveling from San Francisco down was very fine, they thought, and it: made the trip very enjoyable; the great profusion of .beautiful flowers, pyramids of them, J?yen, was to them, as it is to alhon Bro.- and Sister Home visited at marvelous. .. their-firstisiValm- osy - . Hollister-tw- o Mrs. Mallory occurred; they enjoyed a very pleasant time with the friends and acquaintances of the -v Mallory family. Around and in the counties of San Benito and Santa Clara are large farming districts; farms from one hundred to a. thousand, and from ten to twenty thousand acres, these being the old Mexi can land grants. These lands are mostly still held by the Mexicans, and they 'lease the farms to men and the farming population depend who so much upon rain in the fall of the year, and when that fails there is a failure of crops, that they are "i nTmucrnhe5am eronditiorras" th el ri s hrpeasanTfyr" One Spanish lady, Sistejr Home was creditably informed, owned an immense track of landwhich yielded recently 40,000 bushels of wheat. Two young Spanish ladies own one of the largest of these farms, with an elegant house and grounds, where they visit once or - . -- sub-leas- e; twice-a-yearran- cU Tpartievetc in these matters, as sheis injindustries of all otherwise, especially those kinds, agricultural-o- r pertaining to women. When leaving Hollister, Bro. and Sister Home could not purchase tickets on the Southern Pacific Railroad at that place, but went on to San Jose, a short distance away,and took the railway train. 'Be fore reaching Los A ngeTb there is a tunnel, a mile" and a half long through which the train passes, and as Bro. and Sister Home came westward ahead of railroads, this was a novelty fo them. Further on, towards Maricopa, in Arizona, the country is very desolate in- -, "deed. They reached Maricopa station. at two o'clock in the morning, stayed there until daylight, then took the train for Tempe, where they were" met by their eldest son, Henry, whom they had not seen for several years. From there they drove to his farm, a distance of nine miles, arriving at' Mesa his place of residence, on the eveqing of the loth ofNovember. Bro. Home laughingly remarked to his daughter-in-law- , that Sister Home ought to have sent word ahead that the next day would be her birthday and had the turkeys ready. The daughter replied that would be easily done, and accordingly arrangements were made, and on the following day they spent a very agreeable time in visiting , with friends of former days, and many hearty greetings were interchanged, and pleasant renewals of old friendships, as well as feasting upon turkeys and other luxuries. Sister Home met with the Relief Society in Mesa on Thursday, Dec. first, in a special meeting. Sister Hakes, the- local President, presided. It was a very full meeting, and an excellent spirit prevailed. Most of the time was occupied byis- - V . ... - - 