, . 1 r".- - ,"V."' WOMAN'S EXPONENTr ..80 tli 13 community was in all respects . "Go ye into all nations and preach. the Gospel," and who1 desire the success of this charity and to protect these5 people when the power of the Christian faith" may "con ve$t them as it will convert them, would have the Government retain in its control over, the expenditure of x this monevi-i:.r.-j-. 4 i If you xhoos? to-I use of it to this cjfan table organization, I shall naye no oojectio, ana enouia support a that kind, provided they exercise like our own, and fus charities' and personal characteristics such at gave hlizt respectful, consideration ami regard of excellent persons of pur" own Christian faith who are themsel veafof u njblem Uhcd life and reputation. I an not willing, - therefore, that my vote for this appropriation shall be placed upon the ground that these people are destitute of all the, moral virtues and all the. kindly sympathies of humanity. ;I do not believe it. I vote for this free influence give agency to thopersu asive power o fdhe ivino teach i n gs of Christ, and furnish the opportunity to all who wish to leave the polygamous life to do so, basing the law to be enforced against the practice of polygamy amongst them as amongst other people, in: theigpiritlofv'airnessr and justice, in gentleness and in mercy, and not with the cruelty and violence of either the re-- . liffious or the political bigot. I have more faith inthe persuasive power of the crospel of Christ and the Christian ministry than in all terms of the law, even when enforced with the full and ...... and the stake, the dagger of St. Bartholmew's massacre and Coligni's assasin, or all the thousand cruelties which Is tainTlhe and which " we are beginning page3 of history, ' ' to repeat. 3Ir. President, wo had better enact some legislation i n this d irection4Vghad be t ter ascertain the facts. I am in favor of an appropriation, however large it may be, to provide a home and substance and employment for any of ihese people who may be convinced that their methods of, life are improper and unlawful. Opposed as I am to persecution and disgraceful persecution, if I had the power I would remove the judges and the civil officers who have been" guilty of crime themselves, if the statements I have read be true, of a distortion of the law by the severity of the punish-- , ment of these peeple. I read jtn instance in thumb-scre- . ;. the,ja. to correct "..''.V1. v:.L'.v.' But, Mr. President, the question here is whether the public money shall be placed in private hands with no responsibility except by " a bond for carry inguThwerrpurposes- - In the English law it was found necessary to pro-- , vide a system of visitation, even of private foundations of charity, ii It was found, that the abuses which followed these' institutions in private hands werelsolgreat a3 to pervert and defeat the purposes of the founder until a power of . visitation was exercised by the courts and prescribed by the statutes. Why then, should we depart from that course and vest the power of disbursement of this money in the hands of these individuals on thepartTof the without aW Treasury officials to supervise or direct it? It v seems to" me that the answer is clear to those who sincerely desire the conversion of these ' people, wqo desire to furnish protection to those who wish to leave, who recognize the power of the Christian religion (which Athc legislation upon this subject denies) to convert and perslaae .those peoplejwho believo in Christ aud Christ's religion and not in the per seeutions which this body and the other House have established against these people. Those r who believe as I do in Christ's commission, . . it.-- frrthaf - -- mv pro-vismn-- thatcharityln of theirili nunciation, not of hatred and bitter reproach; provided they remember that the evil of which they complain " is not bow for the first time known to the civilization of the world,' that the Christian religion has been fighting it successfully for eighteen hundred years, not with! tbeiword atLthe ; stake, but withi the teachingsf of Christ and that theteligjon , of millions of people from the practice: of the- greater part of the world who have lived in polygamy and with whom it has been an institution England and those who derive their civilization from her. Mr. President, t here has been too much of political persecution in this matter, and too little of Christian faith, and Christian practice. Let appropriate its money,4 let it build this house, let it make ample provis ion for all who fhall be convinced that the Christian-systeis the true one, and make it ample for the industrial education and subsistence of these people for a reasonable time, that this experiment may be promptly tried, butllet it - bei done by, ,the govern ment' and under the supervision Jbf bonded officers of the government, and then, if we choose, give, the management of this charity to these people whose purposes, I have no reason to doubt, are correct, and those of philanthropy and of good tomahkihf but let i h be required to be done in the spirit and according to the precepts of the religion of Christ. . :, . . . . A3 far as fam concerned I have no particular objection to the provision passing in the shape in which the Senator from Maine desires it; out I wish to state that I did not say there was no precedent for such an appropriation of money. I say it is not a custom of the government, I say it is not a good, wise public policy. It has been done in the District of Columbia which is under the immediate n - ; the-governme- m . i il f oii me myseu. am in iavor cnarHy,5anu l navtr no great objection to the provision passing ia this shape. rll i J : . . t - - tf ' Michigan. women vo tedby thousands at the? echool electiona at Michfgan latweervIany were elected to office. ., -- RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. ....... , Resolutions of Respect to the memory of Sister Martha Ann Waitr Owens, born nrsA r f f airh tdl1 nrlion UVl line .11 ' Ktoigrated to Utah in 1853, Died Au. 8th, 1888. - I1(!1 Whereasj the Lord has been pleased to caU lister Martha Ann Waite Owens from our midst a member cf the" Relief Society of Willard and Ass't Secretary of tbs' :" T same, . Relief of "the VillwdiTbat- we : Resolved, by Socjety ' ' hold her name in remembrance, inasmuch as she a J faithful Latter-da- y Saint?, a fond wife and moth er. : Resolved, That we tender our syrrpathy to her husband 1 - y-- . - r , ( and family. , ." - ' v- U.' ' ''Vl' Resolved, That we send a copy of these Resolutiop tV her husband and family; also "a copy be sent to 'the Zx- ton knt for publicalation; and that a copy be put on the Relief Society record book. . Bethiah Wells, .. ' Sec. - " , bill, of a woman and a child, a woman of eighteen years of age I think, with an iufant of three months, confined in the jail, and that infant dying of measles, because sho would not reveal the name cf the man with whom she had been led into this improper relation, suffer iug and dying, the memorial states, and there was no charityno kindness from the" judge or the marshal or any 'one towards this poor young mother confined there, like a common felon, a disgrace to civilization, and a disgrace to humanity and to those who have the power It;il , - to iences, that is what the charity demand?!1 . riot required that tfieofteybaJLdisw-'by ;A or B or any pne else. Jbe;B!Dgrilaf:parl of it is, that it is sot insisted not' ciency of the charity, but for the disbursement of themoney by particular "individuals and rrthe proposition manifestly has no connection" - . super-visio- .of Congress. There is some difference between this district and a remote Territory, which ha3 a Territorial government and an autonomy of its own, even though it be subject to the supervising authority of Congress. But; be it a precedent or not, except in the case of an established charity, it is a bad precedent to appropriate s sum of money and put it in the hands of private individuals for the construction of buildings for a charity. The plan should be prescribed by the government. Mr Salisbury.1 In whom is the title? v Call. The titlerl anderfitepdtrcorporation; but it is proposed to place the title in the government if so desired. Be that as it may, it is surely not ' a wise public policy, without limitations and conditions, to put a large sura of money in the hands of any num"Mr - SAI.T LAKE CITV. The Leading Retail Gasli Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S and piodactiont WiU -- brfonnd.tlr-3 T- latest styles in : . . . ber of persons or any corporation', however: . ... ,. meri torious they may be. 7 The point iu this matter is that the advancement of this work, this charity, the rescuing and protection of these poeple, the continuance of the charitable purposes of thi3 corporation in its! highest possible efficiency, .granting all that. is said for it, has nothing whatever to do with theisburseaient of the money. The mere hands through which this 1 money shall pasl are immaterial to of charity. If the building is constructed with prope- r- speed and diligence, and in a proper style aud nvith proper conven- - ' , LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODEBIE8, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, IBBQNSV COLLARS; TIES r J And an elegant asaortmenf of ; . 'Ithe-purposes Special department fact's Shbes. V 1 for-Ladi- es --Misses' - and Ib ; 112, 114, 116, IV&EaM TempU Strtet ,; . ( ; ( co.; id: '. TlriMERS CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTCH Agent for H0iISBY8 celebrate LIFT and FOUCS PUMP3:r Pumps Repaired on abort notice.' Ordtft frofit ' the country promptly reeponfled to, - it inn. WIU, . li 35VEH-. Ul GTt'. "' :" ' .. : "V I 