WOMAN'S EXPONENT. believed our" present trials pie. Sister Kimball draw to the a pure, nearer would have tendency to God, make them more faithful, sift but the hike warm, and purge fromour midst the evil ' doer, and all wha had not the testimony of Jesus within them, bhe had no doubt that are our Oppressors and rejoice many who y to-da- iii our imprisonment., and exile, were honest andiMievedjahey and that the day was not tar 191 asking a blessing from the' Lord; we must live near Him if we expect Him to bless us, and. when we come to that point; that we cast all our cares on Him, IBwilLhear and deliver us," etc. Sister Annie K. Smoot was hap"py to meet with the sisters and to speak to them, although she had rather listen: had taken rpfit, nleftsn re. r : His remarks were spirited, interesting and in: structive. Prest. E. Tj. S. Udall suggested that teacher rP Jk C! , aX7iiirr Iii '711 1 ( T? r, i v1ri iriCita ' UUIC Jir lUaAU ICllff VV1 (ill) iUV;AbCili J 1 4 - instead of once in three mouths, as previously suggested; al?o that local reports of the Society be read in their meetings, that the sisters may understand the". condition" o t the' Soc i ety ; t b aT X T r r n i ,1 ieacner8 quajny memseives 10 insiruct inose limy usii in au uiuiai camciij; sjiiu'iepuris can be preserved, by ruling pages in the. record boot to conform with report blanks, and copying each report therein; the necessity of selecting subjects for conversation in the working meetings, thai there be no evil speaking, and gave the sisters instructions in regard to making reports on the blanks.. fVv ditinrtrtrv Cr r Inrnt rr n inn tH 1W1 civ CIA VUUllllV ft O aujuui months. Benediction by Counselor E. N." r- of! when such, converted to would.be the truth by individuals we a of God; worship being full of power we find a, striking example niercy and juslice; manifested towards the Apostle of His love 26 th in the chapter of 'Matthew, where Peter, " he became notwithstanding the warnings of.onr Savior, although he knew Him to be the Son of God, yet "in his 'boasted strength and zeal did not believe it was possible he could deny his Master, but when the hour of temptation came, instead of watching and praying as "the Savior instructed Jiim, behold as -- he had fallen asleep, so confident that although all others should forsake him, yet He should stand by him, notwithstanding his 'self-confiden-t; i he-w- wTickedJenualtJiavingaleniedJHimagainjindl Toin.vp.L nnr ravior ainnnL cast nirrunn, nnr. knowledge in so doing. ."There is much to learn; there is much said about celestial mar-th- e riage at thi&time by different classes of people. n 'T L xju i uuuut ime principle: JMo! I should as soon doubt the whole as part. Let us try to do right; be cautious; do as you wish to be done one another; let us be Careful iu ' passing judgment on others." Sister Roberts,from Goshen, spoke in tongues, which was interpreted by Sister Clark; from American Fork. Sister John endorsed all that had beensaid, and -- praved "that" the Lord" would blesTand' comfort all with His Holy Spirit. Bro. Graves gave an account of his endeavors "in behalf of the silk association of adjourned for three JQtahountyConference " month s. Si ngi ng, Doxology.' L B enediction by . I 1 by;-comfor- I -- 1 1 T V "XT a T" 1 1 t : -- i 1 11 foreman. "According 1,0 pmuoul" appointment Uiere was a meeting of the sisters held in the upper room of the Tithing Office, Saturday evening, March 17, 1888, in which Uhe Spirit of the . T -L i1 -- J ljru was and all greanji' !J puureujui,-uitni- i c. peaiiurs present.' After the usual opening exer-- " cises, Sister Ellen Grover, rest. of the Relief-Societof Erastus? and Counselor Helena Tl-..f- , T- 1. -T !!" 0 - i nw Ci ot. uuim a, puH.e tienen oi iveiiet oucieiy on the condition of theJbranches in which they : ,1 i . : i were particularly iiieir uesires . interested auui ii to continue in the good work. Prest. Emma B. Coleman, of Alpine, portrayed, by relating some facts as an example,. the necessity- - of educating our daughters to hnmhled and renllzp C. Janieis. his weakness, Jesus forgave him and made him Caroline Paxiels, Secretary" His chief apostle. Just here is our great danst. John's stake. ; ger, if we go to sleep instead of praying without ceasing, we are liable" to be overcome in Conference of the Belief Society of St. the hour of temptation; therefore, let us watch John's Stake was held in the assembly hall of and pray, that we may not enter into temptathat place March 16, 1888, at 10' a.m., Prest tion, but be prepared to withstand the attack of T37L. S. Udall presiding. Singing.by the conour foe, and worthy to aid in accomplishing gregation. Prayer was offered by Prest. David the work of redeeming the human "family." Udall. Continued by singing, ''Do what i3 Said she looked forward to the time when she ' great' prize of virtue; care of the body neceswould .return, to Provo and build up and right," etc. sary to bealth; the evils of envy and jealousy, Prest. E. L. H. Udall made a few instructive home Invoked her the here. blessing beautify wnicn we snouia strive to eradicate irom uur v.4: iur uitui' of God upon the secretary, 'Sister Caroline opening remarks, after which the statistical j e ii. BiBtera : iiuuu.iuiu urgeu-tnnatures, and financial the Relief of Society reports burrealized she carried that Daniels; heavy of wards and Stake were read, and Stake and selves a knowledge of this great work of God. dens, not only secretary and treasurer for Utah Sister JBushman, of St. Josepji, spoke of the local officers sustained by vote of the conference. but a nnJTv nf thfi lusters of that ward, their willing 'County, corresponding secretary, place she once filled, besides being called to preside Counselors Frances White! Margaret E. Patterness to respond to every call made ' of them. 7 a n . ; .1 l p i over-thbranch of the Society in the ward son and Mary E. Marble madesome appropriremarxs oi interesti in regard to otner ijaae in remarks to ate Ihe Relief ' regard Society. " where she now resides. " tut: euuuaiiuu ui umiureij, euuuuiujrj ctu. Prest. of-- Alpine 'Ward, B. Emma Coleman, m . .. After singing and prayer, Conference ad. ... . i. . . i r" i tnempe j. on education, force the oister uieDa of of of spoke example!, spote teaching journed till 2 p.m. economy, and referred to the Relief Society at children, their intelligence, necessity of proper Afternoon session, 2 p.m.: Opened; with instructions in oaooam ocnoois, tne Jirastus and tne rrimary organizations, lniorming f Coun. Frances White spoke on the necessity singing and prayer. The presidents gave verbal mind; also spoke briefly on faith, evil speaking, which those branches of over of cleanliness, economy and teaching our reports they prenecessity of forgiving each "other, as we desire sided. .. . God to forgive us, education, of girls in books. children faith, instead of using medicine. ReSister Standring reported Lehi Ward, and and work, and referred to the R. S. over which lated a circumstance where a sister wbs nigh also bore her testimony to the truth' of thiV she presides. unto death, and recovered through the faith work; thought that we as individuals had not Patriarch James Riche, in response tothe and prayers of the sisters. Spoke briefly on call of the President, addressed i the assembly prayer and evil speaking. magnified our callings as we might have done; we might have learoedmore if we would have cm the condition oi theicaints both ancient Si3ter Mary E. B. Farr addressed the sisters to ourselves applied gaining intelligence; spoke and modern, the deliverance, of the Israelites chiefly on tjbedience in its various branches, of the joy of being in the Temple, and of the from Egypt, report of spie who were sent to showing tbat order comes through obedience holy influence there. , "There is no other place Canaan, the delay in obtaining their inherit the planets are obedient to divine laws; observlike it; holy beings are there, "and there is only ance was in .consequence of disobedience. ance of the laws of health necessary for the a "veil between us and them. We are called on the order of Enoch, education enjoyment of that blessing; deliverance of the Spoke briefly to be saviors upon Mount Zion; our kindred are 6f children in obedience, and said e Saints Israelites from bondage; their disobedience in do "us when for work to a we would render obedience to the revelations of the wilderness and the fruits thereof; worshipthem; waitingfor leave this world we take the knowledge with the Lord " they would obtain great blessings. ping the golden calf; the necessity of depending here; our eyes will see more Blessed the congregation in the name of the on God for all things. there there than here; Lord. clearly are.great responPrest. E. L. saidshe had listened sibilities restine upon us." etc. v Prest. David K. Udall said he bad listened with interest to the "remarks of the sisters. "If Sister E. G. Cluff felt that if we asked the with interest to the reading of the reports of we would obtain blessings from God we must Lord He would blecs us and give as His Spirit; the Relief Society, and had some serious re ' observe his laws; penalties are attached to we are all of us depending upon Him; we must flections in regard to them; the number that crime." Showed the necessity of, making a r ,be humble and rely on the Lord for help, inwould accumulate in twenty years, the necessity clear record in life in order to obtain the blessstead of: the arm of flesh; we should take time of of care them and taking systematically ings promised us. Made many other good reto study in order to gain intelligence .1 he . orderly. Urged the sisters to have their records marks, which were dictated by .the.good Spirit, Relief Society is progress' ng; we each "liave a kept care fully. Gave and of her-p- u re" heart and sorae.very good instructestimony to bear, and let us not wait to be tions in regard to teachers in the Relief Society, motives. called upon to bear strive so to qualify themselves that they might inat testimony,-b-ut After pinging, benediction was pronounced to gain the Holy Spirit, that we may always be struct the sisters in regard to health and other by Sister M. Babbitt. ready to give something to our sisters that will things that would be. elevating to women, and Mary E. arr, secretary, edify and instruct them; my 3esireshave always raise them'to a, higher standard in society, and been in this work; let us stand firm and steadprimary. that they so labor that their teachings may be fast and our deliverance is sure; we shall all be in The conference of the. Primary Associations harmony with the ward teacher. Spoke in tried, some in one way and some in another; we regard to harmony in the family circle, was. held at St. John's, March 17. 1888, at 2 prayer will all be tested; let us be absence the in of the husband, and teaching p.m.," Prest. Emma B. Coleman presidintr. prayerful, sisters; never leave your rooms in the without children observo to order at time of prayer. Singing by the children from Primary Hymn morning after ha wjis snffif-ienti-v -- L . l- -a . T ' V a e -- . . - - " if'-th- , . ' the-outpouri- ' - . . -- -- 5 