husbands, and we should all rernember.them in durprayers. v. "He is 'the Comforter-;- , we - should - all put our trust in Him," Said pur example and and influence here was for. good, of whicrMhose that were not of us would testify." Desired the . us at aUtimes spirit of the Lord to ; Sister: Zine D. H. Young said this meeting to mind many bvirone days. Felt that broug-hthe Spirit; of the Lord was with us, and with His Referred to V. Saints wherever they were located. remarks made by the Prophet Joseph to the sisters "You have no conception ot, the greatness ot the work you are laying the foundation of." Said every sister was paid for coming to meeting; mothers were strengthened to perform their labors and better prepared to .instruct their children. "Some of our sisters are not taking the right course, .r elt we enjoyed a good spirit in our labors: nothing gave us more joy. than to see our young people taking hold of the principles of the Gospel. Assured us that this colony was remem- -- Praved that- in the --TemDle. Jiered. AndLoravedfor . t t the choicest blessings of the. Lord might ever at :. tend us. Bro. CheeneV said he had had many reflections while listening; was pleased to see all attending meeting; if any needed to be encouraged or ex cused it was the mothers; was pleased to see the ' willingness of the sisters to perform all duties . "When people apostatize they first neglect small duties; many have stumbled; it is necessary that we are shield edfrom this by performing pur duties in this Church. May God bless our labors and increase the .Spirit of 4he Lord upon us." Bro. R. Smith had embraced the Gospel and knew of its truth; arid hoped to live faithful to the end. "There is a great work before us; we need' to watch and pray. Two of our sisters are in prison, and the way they are treated is not calculated to. make me teel gooa." Many ofr.our brethren felt j be-;w,it- iL t . . - ; , " : , - .. brethren could speak to them; they could not comfort each other concerning their religion, nor of the GosoeL sneak of the DrinciDles , which were , , s so dear to them; the singing of the sisters had been much appreciated bv them.' Proohecv had and would be fulfilled. Prayed God to help us to be. faithful and worthy of the' many blessings we " : -- - " receive. ' Bro. Daines felt grateful for this privilege; said that a rnnr1 nnrtinn nf thf Snirit nf thf T rrt wic Could testify of. the benefit of the Relief , with us. Society; "had attended many good meetings here. , "We all have our trials, but they will be for our good ; we cannot he perfected without them." All ; ' r-- Young with ust hoped, thajtAve would continue to be united, that we might be prepared for all that -may come. Bro. Farrell said he was glad to be with us and enjoy the good spirit in our midst; what had been Vsaidwas true. Spoke of the mustard seed being scattered; we had come here because the Lord .wanted us here; we had been blest while here; v those of the world admired our industry and im-- , proyeme.uts ; i twould hjslpto preach lheGospel we should De united in all things. Said,"If we do right the Lord will bless us, and we will con tinue to enjoy a peaceful spirit. The world cannot do anything against, but for the kingdom of T a . it nimnf fV. ui. ..US IU UUU ,11 )VJ1 CUclUiC lilt LiUlU ,.,:n lt oil. umgtui do a good work in this land." Asked the Lord to bless Sister Young and all the sisters. ; : ... Prest. Card said it always afforded him pleasure to meet with us; had listened with pleasure to the remarks made. "Unless we continue to labor we may not always enjoy the blessings of God. We must seek for wisdom." Was pleasedthatwe. ' could have Sister Young with us; she was now President of all the Relief Society. "VVe can not court too much the Spirit of the Lord; that we may enjoy peace and happiness we must be wise in all things. The Lamanites are not all true; our , ; JOl neighbors judge us by bur outward appearance." the peace and blessings of the Lord upon -- Asked -- Sister Mary Woolf had 'been ,edified;Toiew the Prophet Joseph had been inspired to" "organize the Relief Society; was always strengthened for her duties in attending meeting. - "We need this strength to rear "our children in the. ways of the Lord; had been trained to do v right and Jiad tried to do so., . in are these "Who white?" arrayed Singing, etc. "; ',' 7; An invitation was then extended to "till then brethren to attend a' picnic prepared in honor of Our President, Sister Young, at 6 o'clock, at which time twenty-eigof our brethren and sisters sat down to tables well filled with some of the good' things of Canada. As it was also the queen's birthday, and we forming, part of her do main, we thought we could not celebrate" it in a '. . r' ' " . which dialogues, music; recitations and gonzs Home." ; - V- It was a lovelvsiVhi to see. their hannw f.r and listen to their sweet voices. 'AH went horq,e.feeling they had been well paid in com-ing. By request, the concert was repefited on " the 10th inst. - U ' i M. Goodman, prest. v song, "Love . y ' . Annie McRae, p. a. ' . ht at- - Sec. ' anniversary. ' The Primary Association of Big Cottonwood held their annual meeting on the 14th of June 1888. A very enjoyable time was had. We had present with us from the city, Sisters E. L. A. Wells and M. H. James, each of whom expressed themselves highly pleased with the progress of the" children. The report for" the' year showed the society to be in a flourishbetter way. . ing condition.. . .i ... Sarah H. Daines. Ass't Secretary. The programme consisted of song3, solos, "essays, select readings and. recitations. We have a paper called the "Primary Trustworthy," " R. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. to which the children write. There" was held, at the" same time, a Primary Fair. The work wasaIch stake. Tn it was very creditable, consisting of apronsi, . Editor Exponent: quilts, lace collars, embroidery," bread, butter, and from the boys were tables, conference of the- Relief yeast, cake, The ladders, hay rakes, cupboards, cabbage plants, Society, of Wasatch Stake convened in .. the and pies; and numerous . Stake House, Heber City, May 14th, 1888. turnips, peas,1 bread which all showed great care of other articles, On the stand were Prest. Emma- - Brown and and thought. V. Jr Counselors, Sister E. S. Taylor and Miss Mary E. Cook, of Salt Lake City, and several of . There were two meetings held, one at.10 a.m. , and one at 2 p.m. Each of them were largely the brethren. Services began by the choir singing, "God attended. byJ)Qth parents and, children Ellen Sutherland, Prest. moves in a mysterious way," Prayer was offered fcy Bro. J. R. Murdock, Singing. primary annual. Minutes of former conference, also statistical and financial reports read and adopted. , Prest. !Brown, in her opening remarks, Dear Editor: wished the various presidents to give short The Primary Associations of Lewiston and and concise reports, as she wished the visiting Coveville held their annual conference at sisters to -- occjipy the greater portion of the Lewiston, June 23rd. Meetings commenced at , ' time. ' 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. Sisters Pike arid Scrothere, All the branches, eight in number, were of Loerari. were present. The forenoon exercises in1 1 cmnnra Kv flu rAPif fltmna represented as in a prosperous condition. All nAnoifltarl hadz:coiLtribnledorLhe-Jurnishing- : of thi jhildreni 1 hedinerentrA8SOciations were re Stake Ho.use the portion assigned them: had , ported improving. tried tolook after and minister to the com-for- ts Sisters ike - and bcrothers gave some very ,x)f the poor under their charge, and disgood instruction in regard to the training and all the and duties charge- faithfully education of theyoung; said that they should requirements placed upon them. : be taught the first principles of the Gospel, so After the reportSj Sisters Taylor and Cook that as they grew in years they would increase occupied most of the remaining time. Exin knowledge and understanding, ahd exhorted pressed pleasure at reeling. . with us in. this. all4oJ5eaithiuUnJeing4he0m mandments capacity, and also at the good reports. Spoke of the Lord. Afternoon session , 2 p.m strongly on the rearing of our children; also-- in After the them under our own influence. peeping They opening exercises, there were speeches, dialogues, touched upon most' of the requirements of the songs and recitations by the children. mothers in Israel, Their rejnarks were listened Some of the brethren spoke, and gave some to most attentively by a large audience, and very good instructions. A good spirit prevailed, all felt amply repaid for attending conferand all felt well in the Gospel, with a desire to wise the and ence, by motherly counsel of the help roll forth this great and glorious work. sisters. ;, t 7 Conference was then adjourned, for ne Josephine C. Jones, Stake Sec."- -. year. I remain, ' Your sister in the Gospel, . . E. Lewis. PRIMARY REPORTS. C.'-Claw- son, ' " . . . , : " . , semi-annua- - l' . 4 - - ; , r , -- . ' - . . ' " , . ST. DAVID PRIMARY. Editor Exponent: ( knowing the interest (you take in the youth of Zion, we thought you would like to know , . how we get along in this far off place. The health of the people is good, grain and gardens look well. We are greatly blessed, notwithstanding our isolated condition. Our Primary is flourishing; we hold our meetings regularly every week. We had an enjoyable time on the 2nd of May; held a concert; over forty-fivchildren took part. It was opened by singing, "Nice Young . Mormons," which was well rendered by the children, after . e . ' PRIMARY REUNION. fc A reunion of the P. Av of Grouse Creek was held at that place May 20tH, at 3 p.m., Coun. Elizabeth Atkinson presiding. .. After the opening exercises, the programme was rendered as follows: An Essay; by James Batfer-agentitled, "Tattling;" Song, Mary E. Barlow and Gamma Atkinson, entitled, "Strike, Strike for Victory;" Recitation, Frances Toyhe,'"The Complaints of the Poor;" Song,, Henry 'and Willard Hales, entitled, "Remember Poor Mother at Home;" Essay, Emily Paaketfc "The Busy Bee;" Song, Alice and Fannr Kimber, "Dry Your Tears, Dear Motherf- - Recitation, Etta McLaus, entitled, "Ah.'No;" Song, James e, 