WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ponent, Gen. Banks, is IVc.t. Jensen, 3rd Ward: "I realize wc do imt fulfill oar- duties a.3 we ouni to: eacn one msist trork for herself to obtain aa experience. Pr..t .Wntlrins. 4th Ward, and Emilia D. '" ' - , Mad-e- n '. ;; spoke next. - pa55cd ' -- .: ..' , Resolved, That we deeply sympathize with her bereaved - husband and frienfls. Z.,.. , be sent to Resolved, That a copy of the i? andJWp publication, and also be placed on the records of the Nephi Relief Society.- - 's.'- . through fi gusaunatiNFacer: "There arc not many of "u.i that ejfcapb trials, tyjlt let us strive to pass through them with grace; they, will be sanctified unto us." "We should j take the Sifter Harding: sfr-- r jrt Am? L. . Juvemle Insirw our sons and daughters may find good and interesting reading matter at home." PrcsWtudger Clawson; "I Vould have been well satisfied to sit and listen to the testimonies HOUSEHOLD RECIPES. of the sisters. One great effect of these meet' DthaTinviHliwake us; that we may znotr . Cream Fie. Cream: One pint of milk, two eggs, one tea? ppoful corn starch, a litltle salt, sweeten to taste, and a go to sleep. Thh is a "good occasion, every imwe 'Have Uik -j littie butler. Paste; Three errs one larre teacup of surar. ourselves, three months to. better a I am months three tablcspoonsful of water, one pint flour, one teaspoon-fj)roved? In thejast three wonderis a There man?' yeast powder. Beat a long time. Bake the paste in woman, or a better' take it out of the oven, cut each open, and fully large field of labor bsfore you, but I think three the mother's greatest mission is to instruct and insert the cream, which must be cool. ' educate her children." V. Grate the yellow part of the rind from one Levion " Bishop'Devr'cy: "I feel we arc equally enlemon, and squeeze out the juice; one cup of white sugar, little works a our male and aie female; gaged, and one tahlespoonful of butter, beat to a cream; two different, but all tending to save souls' tablcspoonsful sweet milk, four eggs; mix all together and Couri. Adolph M arisen: "I regret to occupy pour into a plate to bake." When done beat the I to the sisters; time the . rejoice , whites of two eggs with two tablespoonsful of powdered tjiat belongs for the good feeling in this part of the Lord s sugar, spread it over the pie and return to the oven to work." brown. be-- . in 1I g rejoice Bishop Hansen, 4th Ward: Pickles. iTo make nine quarts of take fiv are trials often our ing here. H think very quarts of vinegar, three quarts of cucumbers, one head of magnified inour imaginations; when I was in, - cauliflower, onions and tomatoes to suit. Soak them in the Ten' I felt as toVgh Iliad no trials" salt and w ater twenty-fou- r hours, except the cucumbers; Presf . HarrietrSnowr "I believe we have all put all in the vinegar and boil .twenty minutes; add one been benefited; we all should wish to learn,Colman's ot best ane half bottle curry mustard, pound that' we may be a blessing to. humanity." T powder, and ten els. worth of tamerick. Wet the mustard, ' should feel more encouraged to gain good curry powder and tamerick with vinegar, then turn health by striving to fill my duties in the- king-doZZ ZZZZTTT ptckks, stir well and boil five minutes. L of God." , Sinking. "Lord, dismiss us with thy bless- J) Benediction T. F. Madden. OBITUARIES. Emilia D. Madsen, Cor. Sec. . ul pie-tin- s, - . 5 -- crust-line- d - . - T chow-cho- w - T . Bicler, M..E. Teasdale, ' : -' , ns these-Resolutio- Rev. A. E. Whatham, the Church of England "clergyman in Cardiff and Monmouth, has found it necessary to meet them on the platform and to challenge themto a discussion of their doctrines in print. Mr. Whatham now makes a very fair proposal .to the Saints. Ho says he will, combat theni in. the columns of theirown official journal, and will leave it to a committee composed of four professors of ditinity, two nominated by himself and two nominated by the Mormons, to, Bay who comes out best.--2- r. HophiaubbardL!leelJhaYe. too much' to become slack in ; ' if Resolved, That her removal from our midst is deeply a friend of woman Mormon missionaries arc making such progress! iu Ihe rear townships of Wales that ' ' .'Z' suffrage.' . alscK Comlmitteey DIED, at Coalville, Summit Co., Utah, August 31st i888,,after a lingering illness, of pneumonia, Margaret Gardner Robinson, wife of Elder John Robinson. Sister Robinson was born Feb, 16th, 1836, near Coxhoc, Durham Co., England. Was baptized into of Jesu; Saints iif the year 185 1; emigrated to Christ of latter-da- y the United States in I856, and came to Utah in Capt. John . Young's company of emigrants in 1863, stopping at tha-;Churc- h ; . Csalvillewhereshe continued to reside- - until her death eyept a temporary sojourn at Ahny, Wyoming Tcr), for the past two years. Sister Robinson was connected with Our Relief Society from its earliest organization, htr name bejng found on the first list of enrolled members.- - Uct desires and labors from that time have been continuously for the furtherance, of the object for which our Society was organized, and inthe several offices to which she has been called. her labors have always been faithfully and unremitSister Robinson was no ordinary tingly performed. woman in character or ability. A general sense of personal loss is felt by all who were privileged with her acgenerous and kind, she drew quaintance. Warm-hearteher friends close to her, and they loved her for her virtues. For her family we have heart-fel- t sympathy for their loss; their separation is but for a time. She has gone to a d rest from life's troubles and toils, living in full kith in the Gospel, she died in the full confidence of a Christian's . hope, awaiting the resurrection of the Just. ' Com. .. Coalville, Oct, 20, i833, d, well-earne- , . - ; - . into-th- e m - RKTHOMAi . , NOTES AND NEWS. I)iet, at " - For the' ExroxENT. Rockville Ceutrc, Oct. 17th, i888,-Sist- er SAIT LAKE CITY. Amy Soper, beloved daughter of Wm. R. and Mary E. Soper. Deceased was baptized in the Fall of 1887, by Elder Chas Every newspaper, no matter where it is Penrose, and confirmed the same evening by Elders Ten-- J printed, is opened at the frontier offices in rose and Hart. She wis a young lady of most excellent Russia and carefully looked over before being qualities, lovely antl amfeible. a W'herf the Relief sent to its address and objectionable matter is" was organized in Rockville Centre she was appointed Society Secresame. was the of She faithful a stamped .out. tary Latteiday Saint, e not of twenty-onyet years age, and was jvilling In Lineolu County, Washington Territory, although to bear the scoffs and frowns of the' world rather than reject the Republicans have nominated Mrs. Pryor the Gospel of Christ. She was cut off by that dread for school" superintendent; but under the late disease, typhoid fever, preventing many of us who had" Supreme Court decision women are not eligible sickgess in our cwn homes from visiting her during her ill z . to this office in .nessX She leaves z large circle of friends, and we, the Relief of the members Society greatly mourn her loss, and A few years ago it was thought improper for we that emulate her good example, and be ever may a womau to be ajbreign missionary unless she hope were a missionary's wife. Now there are 2,4001;. true and faithful to the cause we have espoused. . M. A. SoPER.Trcst., , unmarried woman in the mission field, besides - EAGLE The Leading- Retail - se. Gasli .THOIIA ".. .: ; :J ;, probably an equal number of married women. one of Mrs. Hu King-Eng- , a daughter--pis the native Chinese preachers, who preparing herself for missionary work, has finished her . ,; ; dress on ad- g 'Tte Schools of thr Future.''" Will be found tte? latest styles and piodnctiorii .. -- . - DRT - v ' faithful Latter-day-Sain- t-f .,,:Z; ' ' Z i RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT, Col. T. W. Higginson is Dominated for Congress by the Democrats, of the Fifth Congressional District, Mass. lie i? taking an active part in the canvass. 1 f elected, wo are sure of ::idvote.foiuu'xteeuUimendinfiitIIi8oj AT TEASDEL'S , Miss Maria Jacques, the principal of the Pay- gavean-lnterestin- Co'tm. 11:30 p.m., Oct. 10, i83S, from the results of an operation for the LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, V. removal of an ovarian tumor, Ellen Clayton, wife of. John FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, MiUlcrpof xNephir BotnZ in" EancasKreTli TIES RIBBONS, COLLARS, -- . 12, 1823; embraced the Gospel in 1849, in St. Louis; emiAud an elegant aesortmenf of , grated to Utah ra 1856; came to Kephi in 1863, where she C3-003D-S; remained until within a few, days previous to her death, tthca sbl Vehm She was a Special department for XadlesMisaesT and In- - - z Jaillifulzieaciieriri Relief ScetyineeiSs" Rant's. Shoes tr-zr- zz 112, 114, ll6t118 East Temple Street : orgaruzatioa m igfib; was also a teacher in the Sabbath-School for many years. She died as she had lived, a Delaware, O., and entered the Medical College-i- n Philadelphia. The only lady who was assigned a part in the , jijierary - programine - or me - two - eaacaiiogai loupuMic scUoqIwIiq Horsfall, Died, in the 20th Ward, Salt Lake City, at .: ; I. B. P. Special to the Ladies. ... Whereas, our Heavenly Father has seen fit lo remove, from" us our esteemed sister, Ellen Clayton Miller, President of the teachers of the Nephi Relief Society, and, Whereas we realize our los in hef deathZ tlierrfbre, ij,e it . .:T.; t. T I M M E RS C AS,WATE R STE A M FITTERS for IOMSEYS ce?febratel LIFTand FOIlCB PUMPS. Pumps Repaired otfghort notice. Orders itom the country promptly responded to. Z ra-Ase- nt ajithi, catid iii.i3 ci ziit tin cm. 