EGYPTIAN WOMEN. after marriage. I must rot ignore that the. haiem has a mixed jreputationand that many men are bad husbands. As everywhere else,' irresponsible power is often cruel. Publicr ior uisooeciience, opinion sustains oh fuspicion of infidelity. and The ceremonies of death and burial are alike for men and women. In the hour of death. the face is turned toward Mecca or Jerusalem, and when the "final moment comes, the women of the harem, in regular succession, send forth shrill falsetto cries that rend the air and make the nerves quiver.. This cry brings, to th home the womenof the village, who join in the lament for thevdead. All re dressed in soiled dark blue robes and have faces, hands, breasts, and even the walls of the house daubed with iudigo. They unbfaid their hair, and often pluck it out, and Jash themselves into a frenzy. Among the rich, the clothing of the dead is strewn about the room, and the dishes and or- naments hrok'en with sreat noise. Before the chill of death has fallen upon the inanimate form, it must be carried to the tomb. The nfourner3 follow the bier which is covered with a cashmere shawl, and carried on the shoulders of men- - All are in soiled garments,- with coarse cloth on the head. The night following burial, the men pas3 the hours with friends smoking and drinking cofflc calm and resigned. to destinyjthe women sperd the night in wailing- and fehnekiDg. On "certain days a mother be wails her dead through the years, and on the festivals for the dead, families take their provis ions and shawls and spend the night at thegraves of their relations. After the death of the husband the widow must remain in the house a year, with all the coverings wrong side outy and the mirrors and ornaments covered, fehe does not oner refreshments to visitors, and the pipes are without their mouth pieces, and she must have at stated times pro fessional wallers to perform in the house. The women beautify themselves by tattooing the. face and: breast; Coptic women have a cross r or star.utatooej t on ..i tneiirm. Lips are stainedi a dark purple, and the finger nails and palms of the hands are colored oraDge with henna. Women-o- f every class put a black rim under the eye, made, with kohl, which is not injurious . ' BY CHARLOTTE B. WILBOUR. No 6. wiie-oeatin- g wife-murde- r - -- r ENTERTA INM ENT3. -- The entertainments of women are: marriages, JJ P .1 ll Dirtns, ana tne iesuyai oi C,!i spring; doid uopw week 'Moslems a of festivities at have and Easter. The women keep their holidays by themselves; they dance and sing", .or hire singers and musicians, and eat and drink with each other, and though "they do not admit men to partake of their festivities withthem, they are permitted to sit in the court or garden, and hear the music. The Egyptian woman Js a tender and affectionate mother, and while ghe does not keep her children clean, or "provide changes of clothing for thra, she clings to 1 1 " I 1 L i divorced daughter, and often her children, into her home and heart, seven ,day3 alter the birth of a child, the" home is filled with female visitors, and the baby i8 taken in a sieve and carried about the house. Drums, cymbals, and : i . i.ii come to the household. The father, in male is friends with dancing girls and other pious pleasures. Christians and Moslems regard it as disrehut- abl6 for a man not to marry at a suitable age and a girl must bo a wife and mother, to be respected and fulfill her destmy. It is desirable for first cousins to marry, but when that is impossible, parents select lor their children from friendly eircles. For. a marriage the man may not have seen the face of the woman since she came to marriageable acre. Before the eirl has reached womanhood, her arents can betroth her consent: after that she must give her consent. The husband's father must support the new family, until. fhfi son .is ahlft fn Rpnqmfpr liimcplf . . from the r T. .. a. - ija.. fashion-entertains-h- . well-ordere- her-witho- d ut .... lather. 7 A marriage is not valid until the bride una unveneu 10 me nusoana. iris imperative "nut ii uuncij uuu uvci tuis uuwcr b ' inereis ouen mucn bargaining, l he husband s father pays the bride's father a part of the tLMJ dower in hand, and the rest is 'to be paid to the wife in case oi divorce. Xuen the rich husband gives the dower either in money or clothes to the bride. There are various decentions practiced by the bride and her friends on the make her appear very husband; one tail and ot. grand proportions, which the bridal swaddling clothes render easy. I shall never forget the blindfolded bundle" of bright pink satin, jewels, lace, and tarlatan trundled into crowded room,by five priest3,and d deposited on a chair, beside a man, who seemed to realize the ridiculous appearance of the 'gaudy mass beside him. 1 . i L eittuu auu urau uir iue unue, aiiul uu luc wci her chest, were several thicknesses of lace and muslin, covered with diamonds and other jewels. plates of gold, and heavy ornamentsof strange . l la;nr, TK xucic tv zvo Kill. uuie nmicauon oi toveiy ucojguo. woman in that consignment The sprightly girl who entertained us, said the bride' had on very high shoes to make her tall. On paying our whom we respects to the new mothers-in-law-, found in the harems on divans, smoking, the bride's mother expressed great delight at the height of one of my daughters, and inquired of us if her daughter j id not look as tall "as mine. Whereupon our wicked little girl gave us a sly -- and besides -- and-force-- lehdmg-size the to eye,-- gives it shade from light. A PLEASANT. GATHERING. is.-t- o fine-lookin- n. 1 g, A very pleasant surprise was gotten up by bister rixton and a company of sisters from Taylorsville, together 'with the. sisters of loved .sister," Ann Griffiths, First Counselor in the Relief Society of Union Ward, to celebrate her 69th birthdayr. Her son had taken her for a ride, and m her absence the company had assembled and set the., tables with the bounties of life. : well-dresse- .i. u:j. glance After the ceremony follow days of feasting dancing" and music for the "men in house and tents, v The child-br- i exhilarated, or lightened by the company and confusion, til, led away to the harem and prepared for the. formalities of the coming days. If the bride ha3 property, when she ' marries, it remains hers inviolable, as well as what she may inherit After all had partaken of a sumptuous dinner, many were the good feelings and sentiments that were expressed in behalf of our faithful and aged sister. She'was the recipient of many .nice presents, which 'would tend to cheer the heart and gladden the soul. Sister Griffiths is one of the faithful few who is happy in 'the discharge pf her duties, and who has shared in the mobs and drivings ' of Nauyoo. ';. April 30, 1888. ." M. A. Smart. Sec. 'Never say can't, but I'll tryt" Minutes 'of last annual meeting read and approved. --Yearly Programme as report read and approved. follows: Recitation of Welcome, Pearl 'Cul-mpRpfldinc Tisabella Romnev: Mafpr 0Arr in behalf of the Primary children, Ottinger, . i ri T, l presenieu rresuieut Xiimua xuuut5 wuu an easy chair; to which she responded with a few appn priate remarks; Song, Pearl Woodmansee and Ida Sansome; Essay, Alice Evans, subject, "Obedience;" Dialogue, seven of , the small girl?; Recitation, Hugh Sainsbury; Sorig, Alice Clowes; Recitation, by the entire Association i iiuuico ui mo vjruspei; euuucu, iuo Dialogue, between Kate Hall and Jennie Ottin-ger- ; (rrespondence, George Ottinger and Albert Romney; Recitation, .Kate Sansome; Song; Lennie Savage and Mary Salmon; Essay, Lee Richards, subject, "The Golden Rule;" Song, Dell Daynes; Dialogue, twelve small boys, entitled, The United Workmen;". Essay, Eva Ellis, subject, "Order;" Dialogue, between five of larger boys; Song, by the' Assoc!-- : .tion. entitled. "Who taught the little birda to sing?" Recitation, Richard EvanspRecitationy entitled, "The Wishes," by i;ine of. the Association; Organ Soot Kate. . Eomuey; ;the Secretary . then read adetter from Brp. George Romney, .Jr., now on a mission in IN ew ealattd; bong, Rose Romney. 'Remarks were made - by Sisters:- Clawson, Kimball, Wells, Davis and BUss, and Brothers Romney, Savage Richards and Eddington. for, one year. Meeting was then adjourned ' Closing song, ''Gather up the Sunbeams." Benediction by Counselor Maggie Sharp. After the exercises were over, refreshments J : were poascuJ aiuuuu. 7 Selina Puzey, Secretary. r- t."1 : te -- . - ; . NOTES AND NEWS Julia Ward- Howe gave two Teetares recently in rortiand, uregon. Mrs. - Jean Ingelow gives a dinner three times & the sick poor and the discharged con valescents from hospitals. week tip . Madame Andre, the portrait painter, has givehliTrher Jewels, valued at 20,000, to the' Paris Philanthropic society. Pundita Ramabai has already secured about $50,000 towafd the fund she is raising to establish, a school in India for Hindoo widows. "You should know my wife," Mr.1 Matthew Arnold once remarked to an acquaintance; 'she has all of my sweetness and none of my conceit. Mis3 j . Linda Gilbert has devoted fifteen years and most of her fortune to prison reform. She libraries in the has established twenty-tw- o different States, and fonnd employ- prisons of ment for six thousand ex convicts.'' - - -- Mrs. Ormiston Chant, thelittle English lady whose addresses on reformatory topics have stirred up so much enthusiasm in this country, comes honestlv by-- her eloquence. She is a of Edmund Burke.- great grand-niece At the regular meeting of the Detroit Equal Suffrage Association, May 3, 1888, the follow ing was unanimously adopted: Whereas, the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church is y discussing 'the eligibility of "women as delegates, there to-da- PRIMARY ANNIVERSARY. Report of the annual meeting of the 20th Ward Primary Association, held April I 19, 18S8,, President Emma Toone presiding. Meet-in- g opened by singing, "Never be Late." Grayer by Bro. Georg Romney. Singing, fore, ' - ' ' ' '' send to that Resolved, 'The body at once the following telegram: above S. invoke you to rise women of the U. Read Gal. the heathen idea of caste That the D. E. S.-A- to-da- y. 3:28." . 