116 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. RARITY. 'J' Hail to the leaders of men, whoknow and their1 leaders ' ' ' , obey! Yet we too, the liegemen we too, though our sight exceed not a , , , span. Follow a deathless Idea clotheel in a puissant man. From the poem by Edith M. Thomas. - In dreams I found a wondrous land Radiant with roses on each hand. '"-' No grasses, treesV nor shrubs were there, But roses blossoming everywhere. ' Great velveFpetaled blooms were these Red millions trembled in each breeze. ' THE OLD YEAR'S BLESSINGS. They swept towards the horizon's verge In many a splendid ample surge; ' They spread on all sides, one intense Monotony of magnificence. : am fading from you, But one draweth near,.. Called the angel guardian Of the coming year. -- 1 Th-ug- l ., brought joy to brighten Many happy days; Let the New YeJrs angel Turn them into praise. Hail to the leaders of men, the sovereigns by grace of God, Who flinch not and fear not to venture where none btfore them have troJt As lightning unsheathed from the clouds to chasten the ' pestilent air, their spirit As fire running swift through the ""- "shall heaven prepare. 1 But soon not single he Lo, the armed leader alone! stands; Not quicker sown teeth of the dragon sprang up in militant J Whero I brought you sorrow, Through his card at length It may rise tr umphant Into future strength. " If I brought you plenty, All wealth's bounteous sere-woo- d, : r -- rally i ng About the legions arise, And circle a leader of men, and lift his loved name to the ' . skies. ... ,.' . he biddeth them whereso draw there strike, Then, they the glitiering blade, And whereso he biddeth 4henvpauseHhe tidef " ' ' is stayed; , The field being won, he teaches how victors Should temper their prjde; The field being lost, how Truth and the Right beyond ' ... ravage abide. Few are the'leaders of men, yet many the liegemen they draw; Fire of the courage in one, chill fear in a thousand shall ' . .. the-batt- le: charms Shall not ihenew angel Turn them into alms? , I gave health and leisure, Skill to dream and plan; XeLhim malceithem Jiobler -- Work for God and man. broke your idols, Showtd you they were dust, Let him turn the knowledge Into heavenly trusts 7 If I -- If I brought temptation Let sin die away Into boundless pity For all hearts that stray. - thaw! Still, as of old, Miltiades trophies drive away sleep. Still at the parle of the trumpet, hearts responsive shall . leap: Wherefore we follow our leaders, and well! yet cannot dis. cern How they whom we follow exultant are also led in their turn. '. ,.. -- n May you hold this angel Dearer than the last So I bless his .future W bile he crowns my past. . t-- Adelaide - A. Proctor. ' , " " r! . ac If your list of errors Dark and long appears, monarch Let this new-borMelt them into teirsi . Butstfrely, unseen is their chieftain no plume streaming .. whUe in their van, Ah, surely, unseen is their chieftain, and ever a greater ; ' than rrian! :' We move as their watchword commands, but a watchword more potent they hear; The clang of the battle for us, for tem music aerial-clea- So tie who drank poison at Athens still heardthe sweet voice of the law, As the wild Corybantes the flutes of their deity listened in awe.) They follow a deathless Idea, leader of leaders for ' ' - l-Jfl Let him make one p .tience And the other prayer. LEADER. ". and though sweet and soft, it rose to such an enthusiasm that tha very heavens seemed to catch up the melodious refrain a nl sang in concert.. The time was afternoon, serene and bright.' All at ouce, a greyish light, as of twilight.-began-t- o eitle over thepeplaud . i t the sKy so ciear- ana iair a moment ago, uegau todatken, ami fiually changed to ebon blackness. Btill I could see the immense traiu of p;ople going for wan! with bowed heads,-waving their banners aloft, singing iu mutual sym pathy that same solemn, mysterious chorus. Tiien iu the zenith appeared a circular open hiiarftnll Jv ' jmd. 4vw4 h;AiT..sifa lsi ro ' II a diviiiou twelve divisions, equal and regular took place in the darkly shrouded sky, beginning at. the. 'circle-- , and running downwards along the sky to the verge of the horizon. Each one of the separate divisions now began maiesticall v to move, itssable folds, then formed. in color and shape, into a flag, which appeared heavily creped, Tand Kuugat half mast, drooped to the earth and touched it. The top of the staffs, on which were fastened the twelve flags, met the circle at regular sections. Justou the interior of the circle glowed these words, "The twelve tyrannies. Tyrants, beware 1" . The worda were formed of letters written with golden fire, that seemed to burn aud crackle with their very intensity or and meaning, and glittering serpents rah rapidly up and down along the tracery of the letters, hissing as they went. The blackness oKSie crepe was deeper upon some of the fligs than others; on Vie American, flag it was Ike blacked. On another it w&s only a dark dull grey color. All the flags bu t th at of my own country were strange to me, but they represented distant nations. The governors and nobles of the earth, as' spectators, looked on the strange scene aghast. While up in the wide dark vault the flags in their terrible beauty waved ominously to and fro, and the gleaming letters above them trembled, aud quivtred under the mad rage of the darting serpents, and the voices below continued in grand imposing chorus, the grey twilight air hanging directly over the people changed to a blood red light; earth and heaven" seemed to murmur, and a voice in the air said, "Liberty is dead !" -- If I give yo i sickness, ; If I brought you carev WINNRfflTTOTiETYANDTHE" ' . We will bow under tyranny no more; In the sweet by and bye, We will bow under tyranny no more," .' 1 I Sellctkd. . . - dear repose To me, whose whole heart loathed a rose great- - founde " The chorus was sung over and over again, : brought good desires, as yet but se.'ds; h Let the New Year make them " Blosso m into deeds.. 'T That seeing it was like ""bands . I It won a pastoral ch irm so sweet, This lovely lissom Marguerite. r . ' . . my soul at this weird hour, Ltaned out to that one simple flower. - "In the sweet by and bye,. For we work together, ' He and I are one. Let him end and perfect Ail I leave undone. . Yet all HOW . Let the New Year's angel Bless and crown them yet. ' Su:h daises bioom in slender sprays By throngs among June's mcadowed ways. " Then, suddenly, out from the impressive silence, from the thousands of oppressed hearts, rose in harmonious chords a song, and I heard distinctly these words, sung iu the beautiful tune of "Sweet By and Bye:" : If my gifts and graces Oddly you forget, And in his clasp, with strange delight; I saw one daisy, glimmering white. For chastity, delicately fair, And belter still, supremely rarcl were sadl I Then suddenly, where my pathway ran. Loomed the vague presence of a man, - ' . muiic, hut as the vast concourse : swept solemnly otr, it was suddenly discovered that each man had shouldered a glittering bayonet; and all at once the American flag, deeply draped and hanging at half mast, waved gloomily at idiort intervals. over the moving spectacle. Everyone stepped rei;ularly, and -- with a tread . almoH-tende- r, to the soft beat of mufiltd drums.1 Mauy were weeping and all - That liveth, and wageth its strife, though we remain but a day; That chooseth the man most fit, and setteth him foremost ' in fray. AN INTERESTING DREAM. The following panorama passed in prophetic view before my slumbering eyes last night: My attention was attracted by a funeral cortege in the street, moving quietiv westward FirsVthere comes the hearse, bearing the hon- ored dead, followed by many carriages and horsemen, and last of all an i;n posing file of men on foot, dressed in common everyday attire. Onward the slow advancing mass ot souls proceeded, and at every corner where a street intersected, other retinues came up and fell in with the procession, until with its miles of leDgth it seemed interminable." In the beginning there was no sign of flags or arms, and no A Resident of Salt Lake City. Thursday, Nov. 10, 1887. Silence is the sanctuary of prudence. Though a lover be never so great an orator, yet a kiss on the lips of his beloved 13 often more eloquent than all his fine speech.- - J, Bodenham. iL ' , Faith, though weak, is still faith, a glimmering taper if not a torch; but the taper may give light as true as the.torch,though not bo bright-ly- . 2 Mullcr. - 