of memories, but the influence of your work -a- nti example - will - remai n - a beau tifu real ity . bringing you such peace and content, that only those can experience who' have been purified .' bv Miffer-intYou and I may kndv each other better. f i tj'.i, ',i j someday, and, 1 trust, pass pleasant nours :' until theu, believe me to hej r"' ' ; Your, friend j 1 and-trial.''.- . ' i to-geth- er; ' Aunt Polly. Salt.Lake City, Aug 16, 1888. pieces' that had been rendered by the children. their PresiHe thought the children-respecte- d dent very much. vy: theTchildreu-koethe said Sister Gamble Lord loved themrahd that He was with; them cbntinually. Asked the Lord to bless us. Bro. Hyrum Campbell said a had been made in order. V Sister Jones said, ""If any littleVgirl or boy should do wrong, they fbould tell their mamma, -and ask" her to forgive them," and said many other good things. Prest. R. Traber --addressed thechildren a v short time. Asked the Lord to bless us. Singing, "JMerry, Merry Children." Bene dictioii by Joan Marler. : Afternoon exercises: President R. Trabei presided. Singing, "Beautiful Zion." Prayer by Sister Pike. ., Singing, "Hope ot Israel. Report of the Association was read. Asbnag was then sung by, Alice b out and Joan douu son: Diana and Diantha Hammond, a dialogue mental m usi cu Sister Q. Theurer made good remarks. William Marier, a recitation; Alice Bullock read a selection, "Honor-tand Sarah Marier Parents;"-Ann- ie " a' son?. Mary A. Tibbits said she had labored in the Primary five. vearsTand' nevsr had a better time since. Exhorted all to attend Primary Milton Hammond gave a recitation; Alice ;;J Quible, a song. Sister Crowther gave a brief addres3, touching on many useful matters. 13ishop Hansen told the children never to get tired of attending Primary. Lula Hammond addressed the children a short ti me. Asked th e Lord to bl ess us. - - Rachel Theurer, Eliza J. Tibbits and Bertha Zollinger were honorably released as Counselors and Treasurer. Rosalia Haderli and Bertha Zollinger were then voted in a3 Counselors, and. Mary Gibbs as Treasurer. Sister Pike said the officers of the Primary were: Rosina Traber, President; Rosalia Haderli and Bertha Zollinger, Counselors; Mary Zollinger, Secretary; Lula Hammond, Ass't Secretary;- Mary Gibbs, Treasurer. ; Sister Pike said we should pray for our -- Presiden t, and be. very k i n d to our fathers and 'mothers. Said she had hp.en lookki? at one little boy who could not hear or speak,, and we shoutd be very kind to nim. baia tney cauea the Primary Association of one ward in Logan together to pray. for the Bishop's wife, and immediately after they had prayed she took a turn for the better. Prest. R. Traber arose, and said she hoped the chiMrevvouid remember what they bad" heard and put it into practice; There would be, a Fair after the meeting, on the stage. Thanked the brethren and sisters who had come to visit us. Singing, "I'll strive while young to tune my voice." Benediction by Robert Naef. -- A. & P. ArREFORTS. : : MILLVILLE P. A. Primary annual meeting of Mill ville,held June ,5th, 1888. Opened with singing. Prayer by Elder J. King., Hinging. Minutes of last -- annual meeting read and approved; also the annual reports. Recitation, Programme: .Lphraim Jassop; Recitation; Lula Holt; song, . . great-improveme- -- Annie-Jjaneiiistru Pike7made excellent and encouraging remarks; Dialogue, Eliza Jensen and compayjv Recita-- , tion, Leonard Pitkin; rtecitation, Sylvia'' Yates. Elder J. Dowdle'made some very interesting and appropriate remarks; song, Hannah orneers JJowdle.'.Kecitation, Jbuna" liulse-t- he were reelected; Song, Edith V. Gamble, lister "M. A. 'Dowdle occupied a short time in ad- dressing the children upon politeness and the use ot good language; also praised, them for and Answers on Good Mariners were asked by the Farmer's Ward; Song, Mary Humphrey; Dialogue, by a company of little girls; Song, Mary vvnitney. Sister E. L. Crowther.r of Loeran Ward, said this was the first time she had met with the children of Millvflle. "We should be orderly; ' : CD i l i i jT - and the Lord will bless us, for He love3 little children." Spoke upon the exercise of faith ' - 1 in God. - ;. A Recitation, by Hattie Cartwell; Recitation, Alii e Yates. Stake President, Jane E, Molen, spoke upon order; said we should not let the children run in and out, but1 be orderly; we i nd .to each shau andir--ieaclithe other, r i iz. i children to have laith in God." 'Recitation, : D ld-b- e-k 1 7t : oamuiy 11 r xowaie. x . T . . x rest. Geo. O. Pitkin said that the brightest men that took young part in the Young Men's Conference, beloved to the Primary a few years ago, and expresse(LhiiHelrv-reatl- y . pleased with the exercises. Prest. Sarah' Gamble felt like the Lord had hPn wifK no. ! .1 - Li tVi , k., IT unuciug pany in me aiternoon. '.. by Bishop Molen. ' r. PKOVIDENCE a T hbl ren-s-1 . benediction A. "Meeting held June 19th, 1888, at ,10 a.m. Prest. R. Traber presided. Singing. Prayer by Bishop N. Hansen. Singing. Roll called. vf ltnnlAn ui auu xiuuto pi cvitjua T 1 -- annual-meeii02re- aa 1 A recitation was given by Amy Rammell; Mary and Emma Bowman santr a sons; Recita- uuu, u aiter iiansen . Sifter Pike explained that Sister Molen was detained on account of sickness, and made an .full ' of good opening address, which wa3 ' ', 1 things. Annie Crowther and Company sang a song; a card exercise was then'rendered by the Primary, entitled, "Good Manners; Lula Hammond read an essay, "Honor Thy Father and Thy s . . xMother." Sister Crowther occupied a few minutes; thought we should do unto others as we wish to be done by, if we would all be happy. A reciUtion, Hopkin Matthews. Bishop N. Hansen Mas pleased with" the Exile's Family; Song, "Lucy 0rey," by Earnest Giles, Mill Ward'; Dialogue, by little boys, 1st Ward; Ten Com mandments, by Elizabeth O'Niel, 4th Ward; Ward,;-entitled,-"Th- nt " . Ward; Recitation, Willie Southam, Rirerdale w - ' " - , ! Ye Reynolds, Mill Ward, entitled,-"AwakSaints of God ! Awake!" Dialogue, James O'Niel and Frank Alplanalp,,4th Ward; RecP? ationr-Mary HallrDry-Fo- rt Ward; Ins trumen--ta- l Music, Mrs.- Griffin; Recitation, Reeves Bird, Merrill Ward; Dialogue, Almira'Mecham and Company, Riverdale Association; Recita-tion- , Albert Caldwell, Merrill Ward; Recitation, , Qarrie Neilson, Mountain Dell Association; So by the little girls of 1st Ward Association; Dialogu e,two little bop of Merrill Ward, Ward; RecitatiSn, Leah Glines,-Mile -t- - - . ' A. " " . e Song, with organ accompaniment, entitled ''Parents don t Visit the bchool' by the little Hacking children; Recitation, Hannah Jenkins 4th WardfSong, Stella Colton, iM ill Ward'; Song.by all the Associations present, entitled,' ""In- our Lovely Deseret" Benediction by. Joseph Carroll, a boy of the Mill Ward Association. ' Song en.Programme, afternoon session: Smith's First Prayer," titled, "Joseph Associations. all the Prayer by Albert by A song Bird, a boy of Merrill Ward. a be Little on page 20, entitled,; "I'll Mormon," children the all present. Primary Address, by o ' r- 7 . ; R. S., Y. L. M. 1. Wardle, 4th WardjRecitation, Stephen Taylor sPfirlf AssAP.iaLiorir Inst rnmpritftl T)rv Jrr,: j fiuqn;, Mrs, Griffin; Song, seven little girls, Merrill's - l jWard; Recitation, Myrtle Wamsley, 2nd Ward; Instrumental Music, Mrs.' Griffin; a Cantata by the girls of Millville Ward Association, Mrs. Griffin leadinr and accompanying them on the ofgan; Song by all the children present, en titled, ''Oh, my father, lhou that dwellest" Benediction by Marcelius Pope 1st Ward. Elder Tbomas Bingham, Jr., of Mill Ward led the singing. '- S - . -- -- - -- O o o - exercises was. a song, "Welcome, by Cora and Edie Wardle, of the 4th Ward, with an organ accompaniment by Mrs. Griffin; also a recita-tio- n by a little girl 4 yeao of ageElizabeth O'Niel of the same ward, the tf n commandments; a song and dance by a little boy three years old, Earnest Glines, of Mill Ward; also a poem by bister i. Li. onow, was recited oy Alice" Reynolds, ra little girl of the same ward; a recitation by Reeves Bird, a small boy Fix years of age, on Wisdom and Politeness, which be illustrated by ge5ture' in a most pleasing manner; also a dialogue by the two little Packard boys of the same ward; this was rendered . in a most happy style; Willie South m,. of Riverdale Ward, recited "The Exile's Family," which was quite touching;" Effie Howard, a little girl of the 1st Ward, sang the "Lord's Prayer" very sweetly, and two little girls of Lula Hammond, As3't Sec Dry Fork Mary Hall and Carrie Neilson recited excellently; in' faCtall did their parts UINTAH STAKE P. A. wel , bu t i t- - wou Id pccu py- - too - m u ch ti me to - The conference of the Uintah Stake Primary mention them separately, these specially men Association convened in; the Stake House, on tioned being amoDg the smallest children. lhe reports from- - the .different Associations Saturday morning, May 5th, 1888, Present on the stand: Sisters Abigail Oaks, Elizabeth. ivere dispersed , through the programme, all Bingham and , Ann Hacking, of the Stake wards reporting. The reports were encouragPresidency, the presidents of tbe different ing, and tended to show, that although tbis ward Associations,' and their counselors,-als-a a was the first P. A. Conference held in this fair representation ot the" Priesthood of the Stake of Zion, we were in a fair way to stand Stake.;'. side by side with other Stakes in this respect. a cold, wet, rainy day, there was a The day passed quickly and pleasantly, and Although good attendance, and the programme was renwith the exception of a few mistakes in the dered in a most enjoyable manner. programme, which were rectified, everything : sessionProgrammemorning Singing,wassatisfactory. "Uh, come children, come," by all the AssociaPrest. Oaks thanked all. present for their tions. Opening prayer by James O'Neil. A kind attention and assistance, and adjourned boy of the 4th Ward Association sang a song; the conference until Sept- - 1st, 1888. "Children's Song," by all the Associations? Abigail Oaks, Prest-- , ' Caroline STRrjfG fiam, Sec. 6ong, entitled, "Welcome," by Cora and Eddie ; 1 - . " - , 