WOMAN'S JEX.PONEN.rr.' -"- r V 3ZZ urn. and truth and error; may meet in open conflict, for these untruths cannot pass without contradic-tioVVOM and every honest-heartparson who ex amines without prejudice will discover the truth," am. &MMELliR B. WELLS, and "Mormon women are not afraid of the'result I For instance, Mrs. Newman pictures plural wives in Salt Xake City, Utah Terms: Published and totally. one copy one year, S2.00; one copy six njoiitha, $1.00.. - Ten , as wretched, ignorant, ' copies lor the price of nine. incapable ,)f maintaining themselves .temporally, AdvertLsing rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil or protecting. themselves morally; their situation space, one time, $2:50; per month, JS.50. A liberal discount is deplorable by reason of their helplessness and ' to regular advertisers. ' Exponent office, No. 25 E., South Temple Streetsetond illiteracy, having never been taught independence crate east Of DesereLNevraifficG Eiisinnss hAnr;Umn10 n.rti or self reliance, therefore, "Congress must prr to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. vide for these incompetent persons.", t Address fill LnshifVca ytmmnfpfttim tn Mormon-wome- n themselves claim, that they PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, know their own; history .and c6hdition better than SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH. any one else possibly' car, and that they have no need or occasion; for the mqhejr obtained, or methods introduced by these officious sympathizers Second Clas$ Hatter. unaer taise pretenses,, to Deuer tneir circum stances and lift them "to the flane of modern Salt Lake City.Nqvrmf.er1!, iSSS. " civilization, such as the Gentile world claim as the Recently(while traveling orfa railway train, four gentlemen in conversation struck upon "Mormon-isra,,in our" hearing. Evidently they knew very little of its principles, but they had beenin Salt Lake, and each one seemeddispoied"To7"telllt' IT' rviic luaii BitiutA itc li.iu kuccu in Jdu , ' an, City frequently, and that once while traveling from Chicago to this city he met a charming youn woman, with whom he conversed considerably 'about the 'Mormons;" he denounced Brighata Ypungas an impostor, and so on, and expressed nimsetf-ver- y empnaucatiy againsrTneTjraclice of etc. She aDD.irentlv acouiesrrl in oil oolvamv. tITat he said. After his arrival in Salt Lake, he chanced to meet her on the street, and recognized in whose' company he was at her;, a gentleman ': . . T t me ume, ramer astonisnea ai nis a "Mormon lady, said : "Do you know her ?" "Well, yes;" he replied, "we traveled together a part of the way from" Chicago." The friend then informed him that -- she was Uie granddaughter of Brigham Young, and that her husband was underground, and had been.for two or three years, and thatishe was a firm believer in the doctrine of polygamy, etc. Now, to one acquainted with the family of Brigham Young this was very funny, to say the least, but it shows hew far oft people get, as Brigham. Young has no granddaughter married .: hXPO NENT; AN'S ( n, k ed I semi-monthl- : . . - y, down-trodde- n, : : -- Excelsior. ;;" . 7 Recently .in Mrs; Newman's lectures she told a sensational story, one or more, to the W. C T. U. in NeK; rork, that perTect ly Tiprrified them, and For several years past some very philanthropic ladies of the East have think), would have terrified the "Mormon" women still greatly troubled concerning; the condition of the "more, had the stories been true; but when contra as well as real, dieted by reputable women of Utah, and they have, in various ways, wilt Mrs." NewmarfcIdiorma -- live MiOrmonsrW'hat tions, and'from the public treasury of .the country, terrato draw upon in the future! Mrs. Newman ostensibly to assist' in the suppression of plural has a great dejal of .polish, and knows what will take with the religious element outside, and withal marriage and all ''its terrible conditions,"-whichaccording to ;their ideas, its practice has wrought carries aV influence that many stronger women of able to maintain. Wljiat among ine people nere in mese vaiieys oi me positive character are not e use of in the right a pity.her talents are mountains. They forget .the. dreadful degradation of women near home, in their own cities and direction in the lifting up and reforming and towns, or are totally blind to the sin and crime bringing back to lives of usefulness those who? that abounds in the very heart of the nation, or, have strayed from the paths of virtue, or fallen ox betrayer of innocence. scripturally speaking, they fail. to remove the beam victims to the seducer If to such charities she would devote ner energies from their o wn ey es.but reach away over the Rocky Mountains, penetrating into the very fastnesses to and efforts, she could find abundant opportunity, amffor would, do scaicn mu uibcuver wie inuic in inc eyes oi uie "Mormons;" and they think, forsooth, that they well to provide "Industrial" Homes. nave uiscernea n in xne practice oi a principle Herein Utah there are more domesticind other that the ancient prophets and patriarchs embraced, industries already, than there are women to supply and that God himself approved, he acknowledgplaces and the need for work. Every, woman and ing those very men asdoing HsJbidding, walking child is or may be provided for, because of the in His paths, and in various other .ways. But organizations that exist thro.ughQUtall the without entering into any discussion of the sub Stakes of Zion, that cover the land from east to ject itself,;or. any dissertation upon thejneriis of west, from north to sou th, wherever the Latter-daits practice (especially as Congress has decided Saints are.located. It is one of the principles of that men can no longer marry other wives, or the religion of this peculiar people that they prorecognize those whom they had" already taken vide for the poor'; itis'art injunction of the Savior, ' previous to the passage of laws provided on pur"The poor ye have always with you." The'condi-tiopose to punish the "Mormons"),, instead of making of Mormon women is wk deplorable because defence even, because it .is mtprlv uspIpss of the interference of Congress with their marital now, Congress having decided air things for the relations; the breaking up of happy homes, and people, as though one's conscience was not to be the separation of those bo jnd together by the .considered 'at all, we only want to mention a fevv most solemn ties and covenants, and the love that facts in relation to the methods by means of is stronger than death itself. These things have which these women obtain money come about through the misrepresentations- and ' "to aid in suppressing polygamy." ; falsehoods circulated by unprincipled people for Foremost among the women of the world who their own selfish purposes, and not for the love of virtue and righteousness, by any means. nave joined this campaign, and whose sympathies ma. r 1 a iV uccu su "ovc The thousands of tourists that have visited Utah uccpiy arouseci as to cause mem to weep treely,and pray long and loudly for "the griev during the" last few years, some of whom have ous wrongs in Utah, done under the cloak of religtaken pains to investigate a little into the condiis Mrs.. ion," Angie F. Newman. She has continued tions of the people, know that no such state of her intercessions in public and in private for years society exists here as is represented by these men and women who, for the sake of gain and notoriety, wjM?Yeran opportunh n an An surrpp ihie join the popular outcry against the "Mormons.'' mitintf nnpninrr r He Jexctting topic Ladies of culture and refinementiio haTe visited nameiLsjhuslc.ominwidely mane ana sne a nas national reputation by here and spent some time amon tte? npnniA Known, down the "Mormons." What her lectures 'meeting them in their homes and socially, have crying and arguments are, which-shiuses so freely and informed us"that onTeturning home and telling the with such eloauence. as to draw monevf mm th simple" truth about the "Mormons,"they have been public treasury, it is easy-- to see from the reports berated as though it was a crime to tell the truth to the leading papers of New York and Washingof a people, so despised ; and. : they we're either ton, and, strange to state, from the Congressional accused of. having been "converted to polygamy" Record also. It is wcllthat-he- r "Mormon" money, or that they reports and testi- -' pr bought-witmonials are given to the public press, for through had only seen whis tenned by the outside, world these zonular sourf-'h'r wli'n .rime miv ... c v,,,j vvil.Vl iWHHWUJSlIl EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. been-(one-woul- to non-Mormo- ns, y n a-n- v anti-Morm- on - . Vx -k v j . a. . m.-hp- nrn e h - , iiihj ivavi, Mubi Jill r.,t"i in ejdle, orunder-groun- d. This subject of was immediately taken up by the party conversing, and inquiries elicited the following explanation from the man who knew it all. He said the 'VMormons" hadv a" tunnels, and that the system of under-groundeputies and detectives, vigilant as they were. and the best the government could employ, had never been able to discover ipw it was managed, or where ingress or egress were obtained ; that the man that had given them the most tropble of d, , , iseither o any-jnanjvh- "under-ground- " , not-mad- - ' -- hijj , uuu nuuuu uhv IU gel II1C rrUldltV.a2 Jhe President of the come out and .had and given himself " Church, since "Cleveland" had appointed a Democratic Judge.. I f e went on to say a great deal more abouf "this" man "Cannon," and the "Mormons" all being democrats and solid for Cleveland, etc. One of the men whowas older and evidently wiserand iwhahad traveled in China and other foreign countries, began to relate glories of the condition-owomen and female children in those lands,1 and the conversation drifted off into the greater absurdities he could tell, to whicn "Mormon" stories sank .into insignificance, anpl they finally dropped the "Mormon" topic. "Cannon," who was Tnojv f To one so well acquainted as the writer with "Mormonism" and the people, it was more than absurd to sit silently arid" hear these ridiculous tales about under-grountunnels, ."Mormon" treasures, their politics, etc., and who presided over the. Church, and his' unbounded influence and a great deal more of the same kind of thing. No doubt the same stories are told over and over, and each time exaggerated and elaborated, and the people swallow thesefabricatibrls as facts, and circulate' them far "and wide.;. Sensational stories nue vuaron aDout iuormons" are-aoand "Sinbad, the Sailor," tales, and will by and ;by be looked upon by those who have read and heard them as just as ridiculous. Mrs. Newman -- and the Industrial Home business may prosper for a time, but Congress will learn at last that VMormon" women will not accept help in any such way, and that their belief in their religion is "without money and without price. They are not to "be bought in any such way, and howT ever ignorant and uncultivated the world may think them, they scorn arid despise such methods as these professedly "Christian" vomen resort to to, obtain money and favor and notoriety. They pan look with pity upon those afar off, who are deceived in regard to the conditions here, but for those who come among them and partake of their hospitality and know the truth, and theno aW3y d wviun-chause- oui " n" -- 