A' t " WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 82 'J ' ...sweet of bitter, as" the 'case; may .be. 0 In Sister Seren; EHudsmr; read a piece of poetry composed by herself for thc occasion, " evil are sown that eventually bring forth Fruit, bow grandly essential, then, that these homes, these nurseries of the human soul, should be of that character that will' give healthy tono to the -- i yi ng elemeii ts-- c w bod icd-- i n 1, and imof nobility, honor press them and tnie heroisml Our young mothers should Hake into consideration everything that will tend to refine, and c'noble the generations yet inboTnBeauti.fynnd adoni theiiome outside - and inside, but first' of all get a permanent 'home. Ancestral halls ;are famed iii history.' Why may this generation not plant thein? Our ;;t : which was very good. , - The meeting, was addressed by Sisters Emily G. Clufi; Marilia Daniels and M,-Till, all of with-the-geni- us ir t r (AdMtlmJLSJJQ: : . - to-da- y -- good-thing- - - - . , , -I-w- remember-howvmuch-mo- ell re 1864 he was appointed one of the chaplains of Fortress Monroe hospitals. After the war Mr, Roe accepted a call from the Presbyterian Ch urcliat ighlan d Falls, New' York, and was there he gathered tho materials forNature's Serial Story." In 1874 he removed to Cornwall and ii this beautiful retreat,-surroundby fruits- - and flowers, iwhich-h- e, cultfvated , for the .'sake of ais health, most bt ' ): ; hi3 books were written. In the p'reface of-- his !'novel " With mi a Home," lm tells Jipjj he cdme to be an author. The burning"of Chicago- made a? powerful impression on him, and after spending several days ambn the ruins and studying the strikjog.: features of tho catastrophe, ho wrote his first novel, ''Barriers Burned Away," r a work which had a large sale, and' which quickly gave binL a reputation as a writer. He has and the siueJdeytedJhimselLto authorship, h he-h- as "sixteenworksr mostly no produced, have had an aggregate sale of abekit Burned Away" pOjOOO; copies. : have' been sold; of ,Openin a 09,000 copies j Chestnut" Burr," 6S, 000-'- Without a Home' 00,000; "From Jest to Earnest," GO, 000; "Near to Nature's Heart," 53,000; "A Knight of 'the XIX Century," 53,000; "A Day of Fate," 50,000, and the sales of other, works" from his peu range from 25,000 to 45,000. Mr. Roes latest n ovel "M iss Lou ," is in the printers The figures here gi ven --justify the hajids. statement that Mr. Roe's works have a larger number ofrxaders than thoso of any living ir remarks being very instructive and encouragingltbey "also pokeJu,prai;3eof ' the reports that had been read A song was sung by Sister Julia Si.lverwood, of1 Salt Lake. City, with an accompaniment on pic organ by Miss Mary K. Boyle. Short and appropriate addresses were de livered by Bishop George Halliday. Bro. Eli Opensbaw and Sister Elizabeth Wall. Then a , vote of appreciation wa Zpeoplearelhe the country what it is, planted the trees and "had taken parts: in the Society, to1 show that thf ir labors are appreciated, after which Bros. embellished the places with shrubbery, Vine3 and f!owers.Tbey arc building Temples j and Lars "A. Johnson and J. C Stickney-eac- h" structures that will remain for generations to addressed the meeting for a short time. c meeting, a very memorable one, was come. Then why not beautiful homes? Homesj that the children of can look baeTLupdnl UienJbrougWto a close wlth'singing and bene- : with as much love, as grea t a pride and endicttou, by, Bro. L. Opensbaw. s The tables were then" spread with the thusiasm, and as muchattachment to, as do anda bounteous- picnic of the earth, any of the people in older countries who cherish the tender sentiment of "home, sweet home." was partaken of, and a very sociable and en, The way in which this city is laid out isa jpyable time wa3 spent, until sunset, then all self evident fact that Brigham Ydung's idea of retired, seemingly well pleased with the afterhomes for the people was the correct one. Each noon's enjoyment. lot had sufficient room for a little garden, yhere .Ann J. Stickney, Secretary. ' Santacmin, Utah po., Sept., 1888. tree?, and flowers, jani shrubbery might be cultivated, as well as vegetables for table use. homelike thcr BUSINESS CAPACITY OF WOMEN. looked while remained. the gardens But city though all may not have gardens, the home In a pamphlet recently issued by the each ierj may be made attractive in various other ways. Bank in New York City A Jew pictures, a Jittle paih3 taken to make the. of the Fif furniture look bright and new, and" above ocan thFfollow'ing, which contains food for thought for heads of households: everything else rooms kept neat and tidy. Plenty of sunshine and fresh air make a house "Many husbands and fathers giv.c their wholesome and the - inmates better natured. wives and a sum of money eaeh; Lei the children enjoy the parlor as well as the month with daughters which to run, the house, or for pin grown people. Never shut the children out Zjiioney. 1 By depositing savings from thisin from any1 place because it is tdogood forTFem; the bank, paying it put by checks, and know-tin- g be will refined more and cultured if they they " whattthey have?pent and are taught how td EaHd lathings that are valusums added ahead, they Ie3rn how able and pretty, than jf they are always detogether make great sum?, and how small nied the pleasure. Childhood's hours pass economies accumulate. into great economies. It quickly enough, and the cares and perplexities gives women business habits and "helps fit them of life bring about many changes in one's -- to- take if at any time-- it cara of and circumstances, therefore it seems wise should come intoproperty, their porsession, and best of and prudent to fortify our children by a generall for married women, it relieves them from ous supply' of good nature, and help them to the necessity of so frequently asking their cultivateall the higher and holier' attributes of husbands for money. It also saves the husthe mind. band much, care and annoyance in the midst-o- f his busy ''Gather the rosebuds viuleyc may, lite; for the presentation of small house bills is 'often a confusion Old time is, still . and an irritation. And that same flower that blooms With v less techniaal than shall b$ dying." far a man requires, training becomes keenest the a and most accuwoman, Auxt Em. rate of business managers, excelling particularly in those, departments which make the ANNUAL JS1EETING. severest demands-upo- n an' in tutive judgment. All over Great Britain the largest and best hotels are" ditou Woman's Exfonexi managed by women; in Berlin, cTTthl DresdeiiLeipsicTTSIadgeburg, Zurichandiri ThcIlelleScety twentieth anniversaryon the Gth of Sept., ,1888. many other great cities of the continent The meeting opened with singing and prayer, especially in, Paris great 'Magasins' and after which Prest Elizabeth J. Stickney made shops; can be found admirably directed by women ll details; a'fewfrythe and th capitalist wilt tell you of banker Troll was called, and the" minutes of tbelast meeting were read and approved. The six sound and conservative judges of business months' report was nexr read , and then t h e questions and enterprises among women of re minutes of the organization; held Augi 20th, liuementrsocial standing and domestic tastes 1868, were read; also the minutes of the tenth annual meeting, and those that had their names enrolled at. the first meeting were read, JIEV. EDWARD IVROE. audthose that were present answered, to the " ;;jsame7 showing "That there were sixteen prcienT '"i In .the7leath of Edward P. Roe many that had attended our meeting twenty years readers of fiction have lost theip favorite authbr. Mr. Roe may not have been among our greatago; A twenty years' report was then read, how much been had received how and est novelists, but he was one of the most suc'showing much disbursed during that time, and the use cessful. He was born at Windsor, New York, made of the same; also stating how much is on i n 1 S'a 3 , ed u ca ted at Williams Col lege - w ith r hand at present. The report howedr-aland afiiera ;the "yiew. btcnterimgyear SrAuFuru Theological Seminary became audjlie.usejnade of them. chaplain of the Second New York Cavalry.; Trovo.-the- -- tbe-seu 1 on-JIudso- n, ed " vels-whic- -- r Amricanriovelist- ;r The tone of Mr. Roe3 works is worthy of his calling, as all of them are characterized by a moral purpose. Selected - th-Aven- f7 c ; '... ' MISCELLANEOUS. Z ' "what-theyha- ve fast-Jittl- e Keep yGiir hope in bad times. We have the same d u ties ntb& .sam e sun and then in God. and the same Helper. Hope ' Dr. Goodell. " gs -- ' - Kind words produce their own lmajrc in men's souls, and a beautiful image it is. They soothe and quiet and comfort the hearer, ihey shame ' him out of his sour, morose, unkind feelings. We have not yet begun to use kind word3 in su;li abundance as they ought to used. Pascal. and-anxio- us ' . to-da- To-morro- w . ' to-da- y in-a- andin-NewYorlrCit- y" ".' ' o, - the.--ministry- I ' ... : 4 - . . Sorrows may take from life its "delight?; but, thank GodUhey can never take its duties. At the lowest; ebb of dejection we will still have much to do. F D. Maurice. " feel--in- sSf ky-an- d Place ope Thought engenders thought. idea on paper, another will follow it, and Etill another, until you have written a page. You cannot fathom your mind. There is a well ot The more thought there which has tyou draw from Jt, the more clear am fruitful will it be. If you neglect to think for yourself and use other people's thoughts, giving them utterance only, you will never kflow what ideas may- you are: capable o comeou t in lumps, homely and shapeless; bul no matter; time and' Tperseverance will arrange and polish them. Learn to think and you will learn to write; the more you tniuK, tne r you will express your ideas. . uo-bottom.- At-first-y- our For the third time in its history, a woman-ha-s admitted to practice bere the United States SupremeyCourt MrsMda M. Bittenbender, of Lincolft, Neb., the Superintendent of Legislation of the National Women's Christian Temperance Union. . She is in partnership with her husband in the practice of law in Lincoln. The two ladies wio :have been:previouily admitted areJ5fe-Belv- a: De Force GorA. Lock wood, and . ; don, of California. been , M!rsv-Laur- a - ; - 1 ; v 