WOMAN'S EXPONENT. I )A Woman 'S LAI O NE NT. Editor, EMMll'US ED. WEL LS, in isalt Lnke city, Utah Terms: Published , .v.. u one copy one py. uiuums, ' ' coDles for th price of nine. , of lines nonpareil AdvertLsing rates: Kadi 'square; ten per mouth, S3.00. A liberal discount "cpace, oiie time, to regular advertisers. Exponent office. No. ,2VE Mouth Templo Street, second News' Office. Business Hours 'from l ium (rat east of Dener;t to b p.m. every day, exeept Sunday. iHJrii all. laisJiM'j mrrmiunk'jUioitS-iO PUBLISHER ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Mjrnl-mojitbl- je-tr- j.'; , - . .Salt Lakk Vny Utail Salt Lake January City, 15, 188S. INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF " " WOMEN'. ; "worker are due mainly to the active forces brought to bear upon the question of woman's place, in the first instances by, the notable women of ths century who took part in that memorable convention, and other faithful diligent, nd;;fea rles s workers, who have since been "added to their ranks. They have broken down thelron gates that barred women out from the field of action whera demight receive the full growth of stature, and velopment of 'talent, and having once opened the' these ironjiarred gates, hung upon the hinges of ignorance andsealed so firmly by tradition, i lh.eg.Le.atm ulLitu.deQLAVO.31en have prevented their being closed again, and are nowstoiming the formidable fortress within so effectually that it must soon yield peacable possession to these helpers in the world's great work, and side, by side, and shoulder to shoulder, brother and sisk-r- , man and woman will advocate the triumph of right, in the momentous questions that are now agitating the world of thought. An International Council of Women is to be Jield this year at the Nation's Capital. It will be njwo m a n xcii u j e.,.vvoman sioviiJorme xrue, an "the noble, the pure and the infinite wilf be a posomething J'new unaer the sun' and will, without tentpower in, revolutionizing governments doubt, seriously effect the question of woman's w h e n she i s allowed to be th e political eq ual o f equaJityJbjEforjelIie-4avvr-and-lav- ea tendency to i man. Until woman is untrammeled in "this rero mpress-stngty u poninH .nation . ana other spect, she cannot possibly wield the same influence nations the intense earnestness .women of intellect, in public affairs. refinement and culture are giving to this comparaThat this Herculean effort in behalf of all ti vl v niu rhi kc nf wnmin is :i r iTpn rif hf women may be attended with the best re.suks, and "world. It wilt give emphasis to the measures al that from this may emanate such wisdom and . w t l V . .11 I. II V ' J ... unflinching integrity, by advanced thinkers, and power, as shall move the leaders in governments, and the people-- , to a recognition of the difficulties will also have a tendency, to evolve other methods women so keenly feel, and the environments which of enterprise and achievement which will more surround them now, that a revolution may soon effectually liftrthe women of. all nations into greater commence which shall be still more "light, and bring them up to "that relative position and effective in its methods than in the past, anoT in the brotherhood of the world, that ere long woman may stand in her be auty andmajes-t- y justice demands for them, and that the intuition a free and independent being as she came upon and prophetic sense of the best and most mature thinkers in the great battle of woman's rights, this earth, willing and ready to share the responsibilities of earth-life- , and never shrinking from have anticipated during the last forty years. duties and its obligations even though fraught It seems marvelous, when one rnnsiYlercr tV with and sorrow. pain condition of the women of our own nation' even, The International Councibjof Women. will be that forty years of effort should have wrought in Albaugh's Opera House TrT"VTashingt on,: held sucn a woauruus cnange, as to aumit of. ,a mam- -' D. C, commencing March moth jubilee such as this would be, though as yet 25, 1888, and will continue wisl There be sixteen public it can scarcely be 'Called by so significant a eight days. ses.sions, giving ample opportunity for reporting term. In union there'is strength, is often quoted, and the various phases of woman's work during the last forty years. The call is maderunder the when the. strongest and ablest women of several nations combine to promote a great cause, their auspices of the National Woman's Suffrage Asso ciation. Elizabeth CadyUnlojiJridexxt4unitedjaith and power "wi4i remove mmmtnins so to speak. The notices given through the press Susan B. Anthony, First V. Pres.; Matilda Joslv-of this International Council are indicative of the uage, second v. Pres.; May Wright Sewall, Ch'm Ex. Com.; Ellen H. Sheldon, Recording increased influence of womgn in the various deSec'y; H. Spafford, Treasurer; Rachel G. Foster Jane life. of There are no slurs on her partments Cor. Sec'y. no weakness, rjdicule of her'mental powers, but the utmost respect and deference characterizes all newspaper articles on the subject, that have come under our notice. EDITORIAL NOTES. Fortv vearsago. in 18.18. the first Wnman'c rvn Since the last issue of the paper the Legislature vention was held at Seneca Falls, New York. The two women most prominent in calling it were of the Territory has assembled, organized and Lucretia.Mott and Elizabeth Cady Stanton. -- Mis. commenced the important work cf and so forth. As this is the first session since the Stanton is still living and holds the office of President of the National Woman's' Suffpassage of the Edmunds-Tucke- r .bill', its doings will be severely scrutinized and commented upon rage Association, under whose auspices this who are so anxious to abolish all those call by is made. That Convention heldTorty great governthe people who" have made the vears ago was the f first Dublin (icmanrl fnr ment Territory, equal educational, industrial, professional and and have taken care pf its interests for forty years! The Governor's message to the. Since political rights for vomen ever made. Legislature has been commented upon in another column that time what vast progress and ; advanceby Aunt ment women have made, step by step, not only in Ruthrwith whose views upon the subject we perour own land, but in lands afar, under governfectly agree. ments hostile to all measures for woman's higher Pres. M." Isabella JIorne returned on Satureducation and progression, in all her rebtinnc tr day evening, Jan. 14, from a" visit, of about fhree the home, or the state. months to relatives and fn'ends in California and This great change in public opinion, and in the Arizona.- While in Arizona she attended several variousconditions of woman as a helper and meetings of the Relief Society and other Associa- 1 tventLtrrfaf-morrMnt-ta-womeit-tiniversall- v. . -- - . -- 1 - - f " ki . . i. 1 4 ' M. D., who has been absent from home seven months, returned on the Mrs. Ellis R. Shipp, j.hat-Jiavfi--ilock- It may 4ake iorty "years more, but "iVe. doubt it, perchance not more than ten, when there may be a Wjubiiee celebrated over the victory gained 'J; tiens, and gives a good report pf the labors of the sisters in that Territory. .. Pres. Hofne is much pleased to be at home again, though she enjoyed and appreciated her .visit. We expect" she will furnish us with some incidents ot tier journey for the Daper. and we feel sure the sisters here and in mother parts ot the 1 erntory ancTelse wJbere, will be gratified with an'account of her trip West and South. with Bro. and Sister Home. Dr. Shipp spent the first three months of her absence in New York, and the remainder of the 4ime in Philadelphia; in the latter place she devoted her time and attention to gaining special Knowieagem improved metnods of surgery and. hospital work, for which she had excellent opportunity. . Previous to" leaving the Mtdical College in Philadelphia, she was invited to speak to the ladies there upon theT subject of "Mormonism," which invitation she accepted, and spoke to a large and intelligent audience. We feel sure Dr. Shipp would arouse the interest of her bearersnnxi allayprejudice, if any existed, as she has a modest, unassuming manner, a sweet and pleasing address, and a sincerity and earnest ness vhich.must jmpress an audience-favorabl- y" at least. Dr. bhipp. returned home feeling well and strong in the faith of the Gospel, rejoicing in having opportunities of bearing testimony, to, the truth. For the present her office will be at her 7th residenre.j No. East St i -- -- , UV far-reachi- even-hande- ng d - . law-makin- - g We ought to have acknowledged, 'ere this the circulars of the Brigham Young Academy, giving "an insight into its numerous departments," from the Utah Enquirer, Jan. 18S8. It contains much correct information of the modus operandi of this nobl e i n s t i t n t i o n , w h i ch h as al r e ady ac com p i shed so much for the benefit of the young people of' Zion. Its Theology is strictly in conformity with the pdnciples of the Latter-daSaints and the the Church. of The instrucgeneral organization tion unnn tholn'5ra1 tnhiprtti'ira vnujiilCU CV vkvjVv. ui iti1ii'(;aJJ, "p.". cording to the CatecHismr Bible; Book of Mormon, onrt fimMnnImm Dnrtrine nnrl PnvpnantK " iv null' IUf 1 Udlb is a complete domestic organization, which is highly spoken of by the students, and must be very satisfactory to parents. Triere are Primary, Preparatory and Intermediate departments for the jjiacutdi udimug ot pupus in an oranches, with a view to a higher course. "Some of the special branches are Physical Georaohv Civfl Gnvem- -- me n V U--. S :a n dteneTiTHTsTory. D ra w i n g, . Lad i e s ' Work, Penmanship, Musicf Language Course, Business Course. Commercial ArithmpuV. Tnm- mercial Law, Assaying, Quantitative Analysis, Biology, Zoology and Descriptive Astronomy. Great attention is given to the Normal Department of this Academy. The normal students are divided into a senior and junior class, thewbble course covering a period of tw:o years. There is excellent opportunity given to this class of. students. This school should receive the influence i and nntrnnacrp- nf Vf otter A., A3 dlSU all schools of this character, if it is expected that the children of Zion will fulfill the eTcpectations of the parents in the development of all that is noblest, best- - highest, purest and truest in the various departments of learning.and remain stead-fa- st in the things of the kingdom of God. Prof. Karl G. Maes-- r has been untiring and unflinching in me worK ne undertook in the establishment of this most excellent enterprise. Thatr he has not always had the support necessary to perfect and , perpetuate the institution according to his ideas and plan, has been very apparent, but from this time we sincerely hope and trust there may be a renewal of interest and effort combined, that will build up more completely and foster this educational institution for the accomplishment of its noble mission and the good of all Israel. 1 y 1 T I tl, f - . c: . , 