INTERESTING JOURNEY. AVhile'supper is' getting ready Twill tell you Thetownij very'pleasantly situated, and in a who; some of the members of our party are. few years,lf all is well, will be a fine place.. ' That pleasant looking mar holding the.frying ..!!.. .!., As we approach the houses the folks come out .'Editor Exponent: over the fire, is our Bishop, and the one to greet us, among the rest Grandma P g - I thought I Would fcfnd" you a synopsisof pan ' who stands by his side, looking as though he daughter, a former resident of Mancos, who---ha-s wh ioiuwl iti aii'brovvn stucW," is his brother been here about a month; she is very mucfii TTffth. last rrmnf.rt f rvntiVf-IItf"mr.rlit Yirri'vi V il id ". iiamr one of the Stak e"Pf es en cy; th'6e pleased to see us all. Our team and the"T interesting to Mine of your'"readers', who, likE two women a lew feet bejondAnpacking that BishopVdrive down to her place. After clean-in- g myself, have been raised in the city, and accus ourselves up and eating supper, we attend provision l;ox, are their wives; a, little larther tomed tooing no further than the Tabernacle , dark-eyeon in the circle sits a "pale-facedchoir practice, which is held at one of the " to attend conference. is the President 6fthe Relief neighbors' taat woman, As ray husband could not very well leave The nextdayconference commences; it. is ' 'andwell, supper is. reauy and I I Society, .home,; itwas lecileilhat-Ighoahl-gAra- nd lor37 could not describe them all, there are held m the new meeting nouse, wnicn is not was particalarlyanxiuu8 to do so, lor the women children and and a. yet completed, tor there is no floor, and the men, twenty-sireason that my two brothers (one of whom little cr.owd we are as we sit:around the seats are tmly temporaryi but the"Spir'irof Ihe" had been here two "years, and." the othe'r ttu -- happy at: each" Lord is there, and we have an enjoyable time. good natured-jokes- ' camp-fir, cracking crnmrr on a nome to mnnihii. tait ljike o r j otherVexpense, relating scraps of personal ex- - In the evening a number of us are invited to as as far to Monticello and wanted I visit, go -- A t te su tfaer- u penence. or QicU'Sing tne pnnci pies or tne lJLjjmY-MtojiS--xapper p)tr . . I orf ine visitors urop in, ana we spena a very Gospei. About - nine o'clock it is proposed to g with a Bro. and Sister B. that we have prayers so that those who wish pleasant evening in listening to ongs, reclta-t&nTow, although T was desirous of going, I etc During the evening two young may retire. Peculiar feelings thrill through ' wa3 on the point of giving up the idea several ladies sin7 "lust I ;yeayethe r old home my being as T kneel down in that lonely spot, ' times, for it seemed such an undertaking to with the beautii'ul .rxijQnnlight shining down up which touches a tender spiJt in my mother l am afraid if- on travel ninety .milsdby-ieara.-un- d us, while. we, ollerwup thejxatitude of. our. heart, and I steal out in UheTmooulight to init had not been for the biy? aiJ'idb&vi; a neans to tne uivcr oi every, gooa ana penect dulge in thoughtaofhome and mother, and backed ou t a t the 'eleventh hour," bu t they His lovinwatchTaTeharTnarteen hhe dear ones who dwell in7thFvCity of the for r ii. vviiiiifi' in i r iii k i v en friuii --t)gilt, the tiay;aiid implore acontinua-- - faints:" : Tvrnrs du chance to 8ee.ith.e country, and the trip' would tion of thering there are three meetings, as the same.over our little band, and that Sunday do rae good; so, leeling very much like a it, may extend to the dear ones left at home, Y. 51. M. I. A. hold a meeting in the evening. martyr, I said, "Yf I will go," and the mornand my heart i filled with thanksgiving for Monday the Relief Society meets at half-pas- t '22nd mefoundvalise the .,with of and ing" the blessed privilege of being associated with nine a.m., the Y. L. 5L 1. A. at half-pas-t lunch basket packed ready for the ordeal. Gotr. of twelve, and P. A. at three o'clock, and thu3 The weather was anything but inspiring, for it The next morning we were up bright and ends our conference. The' young, folks think had rained all night, and wa3 still. rainiug,' and and are .soon . on our way again, and they must have a dance in the evening to the mud was ankle deep. Just about the time eairly, travel fifteen miles before dinner. About four finish up with, so a floor is laid dojvn in one of should put in ah appearance, Bro. B. aiid-Co'clock in the afternoon we pass Alkali Springs, the unfinished houses, and their desire is I hear my brother say, "Why, there are Bro. and from the taste of the water I should say granted. The most' of the; older, ones are glad B's horses!" and sure enough-the- re they are; they were rightly named. After leaving there to go to bed and get rested, ready for an early they have strayed from home during the night, the jgad is ra ther rough and hil ly and in order start home on .the morrow; from where-thty and are about four-mil- es are to make it lighter on the animals, we get out Tuesday morning all are on the move at an wanted. Just a! my brother has started after and walk up the worst places. During the early hour, and sdn after breakfast we bid them to take , them back, Bro. B's boy comes afternoon, we travel for; miles! through good-by- e to all and, start for home, i ' along after them, and a pretty: iramp'heidias: timber, that has been killed by fires, anddry we be need Our thither not described, journey the mud. had . -- " -- -- n . -- . x - - u-f-r- n r-- I 1 1 1 s, . " . tit . w w I - i- - . 7- - the-peopl- e - -- o. . -- 1 ir-r- through take thing ; " qui te cool ly now, for I know last Dezerel News laud scan its sopick up..the . . t pages o er, to see uow matters are going on at home. While.! sit reading, three wagon 3 belonging to" our company go by, and about eleven o'cloeXmy wagon comes along, so my to "papa" and little girl andX say good-by- e muuiui uuu wicv uuuci uie wagon cover into the. back, end 6f the waizon. bv (Jrandraa P. (an oilier ia.ssei)ger)fdfeeling sure that .by with bilious nitrht T shall be as "kick as a dor;" W e have not traveled more than a headache. mile beiore the clouds roll back afad the sun shines out beautifully, and: continuea to do so 7 the whole trip. Our first stop is made about 3 oock,it Margon's saw mill; here we overtake thether The symptoms "of sick headache wagons. have left me bv this-tiand am Fninrrv do to. to enough justice my diinier. After dinner we all start out together. Our journey lies through a pleasant strip of couri trypan d over a very good road. About sundown we come to a .Mr.- Johnson!s place, situated near the Dolores River. This is the first hou.ewe have seen since lea vine Marion i: it is mi it p. n nice place, and is owned by a stock man. .About two miles further on we conclude to camp for the night, and soon, all hands are -- . . '. " -- i me. - busythe men taking:caret ofrtheLliorieKrnill- 1 1 cettirier women v-i 1' mV tv cooking on a camp fire, so try to be useful by taking .carer ot sister 1 s baby; iecl mora at home in that line. A I- sit- there tak iriff in ihe ... O '"'null ui uiat across long journey tboVpIains, when I was suDDeh-iAiii-ai-reeri-li- Ji " - O " - .v.-- but V, '"-'- J than1 iuy little daughter, and 1 look at henand wonder if in twenty-fivy ears from now she will be able to remember this trip as clearly as I do .that. , , little-old- er e ait- war similar iilkwjiatia near to some of our Utah towns.. At seven o'clock we arrive at Dove Creek. Here on a little spot; as green and level as a lawn, and surrounded by hilb,-ivcamp. Some of us not feeling very well probably the effects, of change of water, but it pro ves td be ; nothing serious. . heoneoinoutfeufficeit-t- o say, we reached home in safety, well satisfied with-or-tr- . ip. ' L. M. W. ' Mancos, Col., September 28, 1888. ":; e to-nig- R. S., Y. L. M. I. A., & P. A. REPORTS. ' :.J?jidaymorniug:we-4kre-:On-thej--roa- -- d at an ear lyhour, and are not sorry that again1 to-da- y wiu oring us to our destination. About half past Jen we cross the State line, and after an absence of two years and a. half, I once more breathe the- - air of Utah. We are now near-- ! ing Piute Springs, and when almost there we pass a grave, close by the roadside. Some one says it is the grave of a man who was found dead at one of the houses at the Springs, and Minutes of the Relief Society conference of Sanpete Stake, held at Ft. Green, Sept. 14, 1888. Prest. M. A Hyde presiding. Singing, prayer, singing. M. A. Hyde e. elt thankful for Uhe opportunity of again beholding the,face3 of her sisters in con . ' . i ference assembled. "The last time we met here we had with us our Prest. Sister Eliza, but since, she ha3 been that st ts one to wondering who he was, where called to labor in a higher sphere," and othars be came from, whether he has a mother or a have been chosen to fill her place. Much de.1 wifp litrinrf nnil it"t....u 1; pends upon the spirit of the congregation what kind of meetings we have. God is always Jallbecamelof him. nas coverea tne grave with flat stones, and willing and ready to bless His daughters as stoodone at tlie head. well as His sons if they will but seek Him Veli, here we are at the Bprins; there are twovor three log: cabins earnestly and prayerfully, and they will re-- , lu re, and l am surprised to see a woman and ceive blessings far beyond their anticipations." ..child eiaergfcfrom one. for I supposed -- Statistical and Financial reports read. Vernone but mepaiyxtl in such a wild, out of the bal reports were given from Prests. and of Ft. Green, May field, Mt. Pleasant, way place, !Thewterliere i3 the best we have had since leaving home. We fill un the Spring City, Ephraim and Slanti; showing that i i ." .i : k egs a noi wa 9 r tne jrsest for; we will haver to"f the sistera were alwaysWilling! ready and oh m a ke a d ry cam p to do! whatever was required of them in mioJiezLaboutihalf past-an- d wo iour p.m. Degin to strain xour eyes to catch ing for the sick, emigrating the poor, glimpse orMonTicello, for we are almost4 storing, wheat, raising silkjetc. etc, ! Sister Precinda L. Kimball was.next to adfiiejcndrettyH iug, which pfVvts to bethe meeting house, !and , dress the conference. Was very thankful to then four or five more log houses and two or bewith us- it her firsvisit toSanpete being three tents come into sight, and these make Had. been with the taints in every move; been up the town, which; is not morO than six months ' trial and that through every'they hardship old. In that short time; the few that had passed through, but had never felt to mur- people are there, besides 1 building their houses, have mur or complain. In times of scarcity and fenced a field of 310 acres, in their crops, lamine she had put prayed to God to take away and done considerable work on the water ditch- - h rappetite so sne coma give to those who sut- - Some-friendly-han- of-'them- ,- d- -- repre-tentativ- . 1 - - 1 es v 