f WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 108 i to feel for others, and the best way to knoiw is by passing through similar experiences. And after all none have passed through the severe ordeals that the Savior endured whose advent upon earth the" people celebrate at Christmas time. He could feel for the destitute and the wretchedj for He knewthe most intense suffering.-On-e learns by wnat he suffers, and in this way understands how to appreciate the condition of TTT 10 MAN'S Exponent :rEditor. E.UMELLE B. WELLS, semi-monthlyri- n . V fc. 8 alt Lake City. X'tah. December L'ake City, CHRISTMAS 15, 1888 18S8. Christmas is at band, and the city seems to be alive with display for the festive occasion. All around are evidences of the approaching event. Who would have believed forty years ago, that such a showing of good things, and of beautiful things, of all kinds and in every variety could have been made in these mountain vales. Another sort of life has dawned upon the peoplesinde that primitive time; plenty has showered in upon the inhabitants of Zion, or one would naturally tbinlc mid-da- y and gazed so, if they walked abroad at about; and at night the place is resplendentwith lights, that show, off to advantage the gaily dressed and decorated shop windows. One can scarcely decide what to buy; there is so much to choose from. Truly the Lordjias comforted Zion with the good things of the earth, and prosperity 'liDunonery"ijTndV;none need go hungry or . " . , 1 1 . 1 law,-rathe- r . - . w dis-agre- e? . . First It is a cause in which the United States are concerned as a party. COMPLICATED CASES. Second It is a cause which involves matters of and seriously affecting public interest, The confiscation of Church property under the a very large portion of the citizens, residents and Edm unds law of 1887, has been the cause of more of Utah. of property-owner- s to the outside element here in anxiety, seemingly, "Third It is a cause involving the constitution-- " the to than interested Utah, partiesrthemselves. laTity'oF The "Church Suits," so called, have been argued United States. in the Utah Courts, and have been appealed to the "Fourth Under the decree appealed from, a Court of the the Since States. United Supreme very large amount of property belonging to the was have arisen herein made, questions Saints has appeal "Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y very-nearl- y the-Territ- ory - . ' i ; . :de5Ututei;wi organization is so perfect that it reaches every individual. 'Arid "the Saints delight in- giving liberally of the abundance" with which the Lord has blessed thath. one. could wish were, otherwise ; for instance, many of the good brethren' are in prison 'for conscience' sake, and .I . ". . 1. iL." ,1 inarwi i r cas xr& gi oara orcri uc uwu ej: vt u c c iuc husband and father is absent on this account, but even this is better than being a free man at the sacrifice of principle; and there( is comfort in the thought, that one is suffering for kee'ping a higher than for disobeying a commandment of God, as many are in this Christian land, that boasts of its high civilization and enlightenment. It is good to have such occasions as these to warm up the heart and awaken a fresh interest in the welfare of others. It keeps one from growing selfish Jo be, as it were, constrained now and then to stop in tLeidstjof" tare and 'a' press of business to take a little respite, and enter into the joys of his own household, perchance, and partake of true anna rneer. xnai is so uieuimu ttucuoci uun- day time comes round The custom of giving at this season is one that heightens much the" enjoyment -- of ChristmasTTbere2)is assuredly more blessin g in giving than in receiving, and the giver is ahvavs rewarcei-i- n me swcciroiisciou!iicis .... 01 . . . . . naving penuimed a noote act, ana u is sometmng that abides in the heart forever, and will always be a pleasanf remembrance. The satistaction of carrying joy to a human souFby a noble action, or without ostentations is H " " cpI j htnwrl precious indeed. It is not so much the value of an offering; as it is the good- taste of the giver in selecting, and the delicacy with which it is given. The manner Is ofterilmore thun the matter. The days of adversity through which many of this people have passed busrht to have been useful lessons I A time, and while there is prosperity and plenty and health and strength, and seed time and harvest, there is no occasion to murmur or rebel at the dispensations of a kind Providence. The. nations of the earth are in; His hands, and as rivers of water He turneth them whithersoever He will, and vhether Harrison or Cleveland sit in the White House, or Democrats or Republicans have a majority in Congress, it will matter very little to this people, so they keep the commandments of God and the testimony of the truth "of the Gospel; Zion will come off victorious. The eventful year 1888 is fast closing; great things were' anticipated by many during the year that has now almost passed; perhaps too much was expected, for grown people are'very like children, and when the reality comes it does not always satisfy expectancy. What the new year just about to dawn upon the world will bring no one can determine,but at any rate the Latter-da- y work will roll on despite all hu. man opposition. Entered at the Tost 0 fflce in. Salt Lake City, Utah, as ., Secorul Class Matter. Salt Vr These are good times for Zion, even if severe tests have come; it is the time of proving, and to those who can endure the reward will be sure. "Therefore, one cannot help feeling it is a good a-- m . - ; Salt Lake City, Utati. . Terms: Published one copy one year, ISY, one copy six months, tl.00. Ten copies for the price so nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten"' lines of nonpareil pace, one time, $2.50; per month, S3.0& A liberal discount to regular advertisers. , '. Exponent office, No. 25 E., South Temple Street.Jsecond pate etvt ot Defeat News Office. Business hours frora 10 v to 5 r.'Jijiererydfcayf except Sunday, , Address all business communicationa to ' V ' PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, " said property; that the marshal had employed as his private and persona counsel in the receivership the district attorney 'of the United Stales; that some of the property had been sold and a fund opened; that enormous and exprbitant allowances were demanded for the services of the -receiver and -- his counsel, -- and 1 that- - thesehool -boards, for whose benefit the property had been forfeited, had been obliged to employ private " counsel to resist such demands." ; inSo it would appear that there is to be a real vestigation, if Senator Edmunds' influence can bring it about, and when judges and lawyers get be in dispute for -; hold of the affair, some time, for who, shall decide when they and they are not very likely to agree. The case, however, as far as the Church interests are - concerned, has been advanced in the calendar of thitj Supreme Court of the United States, and will be argued January 14, 1889. "Hon. F.H.tichardsV "" 'lawyer for the Church, now in Washington in the interest of the Church cases, will be there when the case dissolving the corporation of the Saints and Churchuot jesus Christ of Latter-da- y confiscating its property; is argued in the highest tribunal in the land; and also the still more important question of the powers of Congress to interfere in matters relating to ecclesiastical organizations, arid to escheat property to the United : States belonging to dissolved corporations instead of its distribution to' the individual owners according to established rules of legal precedure" ' The reasons assigned by Mr. Richards why the court should advance the case are such as should be understood by all parties interested, and briefly and clearly explained are as follows: "reardo 1heth compensation--of Dyer), and the fees of the lawyers 'beenseizediid isnowheId by"a:Teceiverr-lu- cl em- of said property being of a perishable nature, e Th epar enttng-thgreat and i rreparable loss and damage will ensue interests of the schools of Utah, to which, if the property seized and held is left in th e hands the Edmunds law of the. provisions ; according), of the receiver for the. three years or more before the property thus confiscated will finally be de- - this case could be reached in regular order. If voted, are greatly exercised over the exorbitant said receivership is so long continued, the costs fees and 'compensation of those who have been and expenses thereof, and the loss sustained by handling, or holding the Church property in trust reason thereof, will aniount to a virtual confiscauntil the final adjustment of the case. tion of very large amounts of property, and will be These parties have demanded of Marshal Dyer in effect a denial of justice. the Receiver, an explanation of the whole affair) "Fifth Said cause involves a question of and have brdught the case before the Commissiongeneral public interest to the inhabitants of all the n laid oyer to be submiter's court, and it Territories, because it involves the question of ted to the Territorial Court, which meets in the power of Congress to control and restrict the nextrrMean rJasuary rights of all church corpo rations, of all kinds and his answer to Judge Zane, who has charge of the denominations, in the matter of acquiring and 'affair in the interest of schools, and takes issue holding real and personal property, and the power with the Judge on all "material points named and right of Congress to dissolve church corpora What the result of this controversy will be it is tions and declare the property of such corporanot easy to determine, but it is very clear, they are tions forfeited and escheated to the r United ployed in the cases., ties-rep- res . has-bee- r after ;s the' Now comes" Senator Edmunds to the front again, with a resolution from the judiciary com-mittof the. Senate of the Wited States, "call-ino- n the Attorney General for information cerning the. execution of thect ofrllarch 1887,.. in reference to bigamy, and also, to report the names of all United States officers, who had any connection wth such execution, in what capacity and what compensation had been received by them. He explained that the act declared, property of'the Church of Latter-da- y Saints ; that it was stated, thejudges in Utah had appointed the marshal of that territory,receiver of ee for-feitedlt- he S&tesvT"- - ixthUnd en s aid d ecree appeal ed from, th e United States has seized, and now holds by its receiver possession of several hundreds "of thousands of dollars worth of personal property nf JesasjJisJLoiJLattej day Saints, and claims that the same has become forfeited and escheated to the United States, without the shadow or semblance of any law or laws' granting any such right or power. Seyenth-tJndsaid decree appealed from, the United States have seized, and now hold by a receiver," possession of real estate belonging to - he Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints er V 