r . i JJ- - : i ' i Vr ' 78 liflLs. v a I'nir in Koosharcm Wc cxpcctedjto hav' tr trust Tu th'e Lord when arising to sneak. "There b a lack of faith, but persevere and vou will succeed. Rather give brief lectures than select readings, in your meeting?. Keep Spoke, about yourselves pure an augels 7 :Y;. :vc-'r- .' prayer, etc , etc. addressed the Sister Presendia Lv Ktraball conlerence Spokelof thdprivilege the young but on account of measles they .could not hold one there, sV we crossed the mountains, arriving at """ " ' : . Loa on the 26th. Next morning u e were pleased to see Fremont, East Loa and Loa represented in a very fine Fair. Ve noticed, as in the others, some very good yarnj, which'vvas spun by sinallgirls, and pairs of stockings knit by a little: cirt from Fremont Ward. The boys here bad not such a display, but it being rather a new feature, we presume the, nexj time they will do. better.7 There was some very good cooking ; also J fancy work and vegetables. Here they held their exercises in the Kr lames are enjoying, me iinporiaijce 01 uemg scaled lor time ana eternity. -- oeeK to gam-testimony. Be kind to your mothers. Jiathe choose one of our uncouth boys for a husband tban one who is notof u? ii careiul ot your speech: we do not know who are hearing us; auWeJs tnay be present."" Sister Presencjia said, tne lempie ;worK was ner cniei aeiignt. Alluded', to the early" persecutions in the Church. Siter Minerva Snow felt to bless the Y. L. I'lmnfftvft vniir rninn nnrl nnnnHiinitfM hv reading good books. The Lord; will manifest a afternoon, because of the had to come, and they were distance the children very good. S The next morning we started for Thurber, Teasdale and Thurber where, on the 29th, the Wards were represented, and for two suchjsmall settlements m e e ting; house n icely decorated, and : tables wel I filled with some very praiseworthy work. Here, held their exercises in the afternoon, the'Pairya$-indeed--5pkodidTie- -2 Juearn to be good housekeepers. "Uo not blign t your life thoughtlessly by keeping company JuXPUDo man who swears, smdkes and drinks, for.he may not be worthy to go to the; Temple" Asked the blessings of God upon als-eth-ey whicnvere very well done. In the eveningwe attendeda dance, as we . also did at Loa, and although not dancing much" ourselves, yet the spirit of sociability was marked ; it reminded us of the dances of long ago, when style was not so 1 'r: much observed. : u: ? The next day being Sabbalh we resiedaird attended meeting. On Monday we started for home, arriving on Tuesday night, feeling that we had never enjoyed ourselves better on any former trip, being sokindly entertained, both by parents and children, and having such delightful weather; both body'and mind were refreshed. U all. Sister Sarah Petersen hoped we would treasure up" what we had heard, tor it had been a day of rejoicing. J Spoke about fashion, and en; couraged the. culture of silk. Prest. C. Peterson hadT been edified by the remark? of the sisters. ''The work wilLfall. on the yoimg people." Spoke of the necessity A wife should be a f ru e ofranZedn cation. helpmeet to her busbandYL .Dwelt at length upon the preaching of th'e Gospel to the dead. : . ; . ; ; .. : It would -rS- berap after which Sister Hyde spoke in tongues, Sis ter Kimball giving the interpretation. , tion all the.beaaHfulIthingseawrsuffice1t.:t say, our childreiLare improving in this great Primary work more than we dream of. The Young Ladies also had a table from each wasd, and the excellent plain sewing, knitting, Spinning, cooking and fancy , work could not. have been surpassed ; home made 'hats", suitsprmeVs' t istetWiliardseii-madeclcinffremarks, "Conference aourned for three months, to meet at Spring City, Dec. 15. Singing, Benediction First Smith's 'Moseph Prayer." Bro. Barnsen; by " A Primary- meeting was held at - 2 p.m., Coun. Hannah Wckmann presiding, in the absence of Stake Prest. Helena Madsen. Singfrom the Primary Hymn Book. Prayer young ing Bro. Anthon Soreuseu, Singing, by ladymaking thread lace, A at credit is due the officer of the primary report of the Primary Association - of - Fou n tai o - Green-wa- sread by the and Young diesJAssocTations-for-thegra- nd Miss Clara Collard, after which a Secretary, success of the Stake Jairs this year. con .very interesting programme LOUISANXA HePPLEK, ot sisting songs, dialogues and recitations, was rendered by the children; also a chapter on Etta Wright. Bible question's anil answers, conducted, by Prest- - Collard. A copy of the Primary Journal (Manuscript paper), was read by tbeSecie-tarR; S; Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. followed by remarks from Sister Collard, representative of the Association. Y. L. M. I. A. S1NPETE STAKK. Sisters Kimball and Snow addressed the Made many enceuraging and children. Quarterly conference of the Y. L. M. I. A. instructive remarks. "Sister E. Allred, of hejd at Fountain Green, Sept. 15th, 1838, Prst. Christina Willardsen presiding. .Singi- Spring City, also encouraged the children to ... ng, t(The youtliof thiijland," etc. Prayer by attend their meetings, etc.,fetc Bro. Guyman; SiDging. Wickmann Sister Koll called; Stake made closing remarks. : . .r trt' omcera preaem,,- il children Gave'the the kind regards of Sister i n ree, joca ii oiu cers, six. Minutes of last conference were read and apMadsen. Said, in regard to the Y. L., that it was very desirable that the Associations should proved; also semi annual 'reports from nine fou procure blanks, and be more prompt in sending any report. reports, and correct reports only. , Singing. Sister Willardsen made opening remarks, Benediction ; after which the- - following Associations were ilANNAU T WlCKMANNrSeCv officer each few a represented, making approclothes, counterpanes, etc., and' a large tippet made of turkey feathers, was a novelty; it was.as. handsome as fur. At Elsinare we saw af semi-annu- al s, ' y, ( 1 ! . priate remarks:- - V Mayfield, Prest. Hannah V. Uunderson and Coun. Adelina Madsen; FountCoun. Eliza Bischotf and Mary ain Green, Manti bouth Ward, Prest.x Matilda, lorgenson; r Alder. .T Stake (unV MargaretIvJar spoke of the necessity ot tne united ettorts of the Y. ''The Lord does not require any more at our nanas man we are apie to do," etc, etc. Sister 11. A. Hyde was the next" speaker Spoke about her timidity when the ttftlipf PU ciety ys first oiganized. Encouraged the Yr. r : L-Sai- M maricopa stake. Euitoti Expos ent:tzi r d, I I Condensed report of the past fef weeks. We have been having, as you- - may say, a spiritual least, owing to the presence ot some or the leading brethren from Sal t -- LakerApostle Jolm rlenrv Smith and Bros. Burton, who arrived here on the 19th of Sept. Sept. 15th and 10th was our Y(oung Conterence, 20tb, Belief Society Conference, 21st, Primary in the forenoon and Y. L. in the aflernoou, 22ud and 23rd, Quarterly Conference of Maricopa Stake, enough to satisfy the iaost pi ri tually min ded amongst the Latter-- d ay jjSaint, but I have yet to hear' the fi rst remark tliat evidenced -- weatines3 in the least; but; all felt well repaid for the time spent in the rich spiritual feast provided for them, and the valu- able instruction that wa3 dealt out so freely to : all classes. r Our Belief Society Conference was well at tended, Prest. .Elizabeth G. McDonald presid-ing- :' The diiferent branches, were well represented. After the usual exercises of singing and.prayer, the roll of 'officers was called,-whgenerally.reiponded. Minutes of uJune confer, " ecce were read and approved. Prest. McDonald made brief remarks; said she had expected somebf the visiting brethren. alsoPrest Charles - Robson.Busines3 of :thF conference, reports, etc , were attended t6 in , ., their order. The presidents of the different Ibranehes gave their, reports, which showed a marked improvement in the condition of the members, which wa3 very gratifying. One interesting-featur- e was the report from the Papage Ward, which was recently organized, with Sister Susan Savage, President, formerly First Coun; tour Stake President- - Sister Sarah Russell nowr fill her place. It was certainly gratifying to hear of the success they are meeting-witin that mission. She said they were desirous ' pHearuing, butriaxked t he'rneans EeccpTytcT" teach them, as fat as they were ready to Be taught. Wished the sisters to take an interest in their poor Lamanite sisters; they desired to be neat and clean, and .dress as tbeir.'white sisierrddtm faras they werr Coun. Henry Rogers said: "The labors fa the Lamanite mission were great; prejudice should be removed from our hearts in regard to them. "There is a great field open before the and siftmembers of ers; funds are needed; theemall amount being raised is not feufficient to meet the demands.' Bishop Pomeroy felt that the Relief sisters . were a great help to the ward, especially to! the sick. Had listened with pleasure to the report from the Papage JVard. "If we could .just spare a little ! more of bur means for the of this mission; the - fifty cents per month called for from the head of each family i3 not much, but if all would pay, it would be. some few pay regular, while by far the greater part are very careless in regard to it." Spoke of the spirit of ridicule, which some indulged in, and its pernicious efiecls when carried too far. v ;; i Brol Allen had visited the Papage ;Ward, and understood in a measure the difficulties they have to encounter who labor there. Iet us be filled with the spirit of charity towards each other and be one in all things thaf the peace and blessings of God may be with us;. A Lamanite sister ipoke a short time, which ' was interpreted by Sister Susan Savage, the substance of which wa3, that the whitd people had taught them what was good, and it was her joy, to her hearthe felt that they were alt tisters. She spoke with great yigor arid poVer and the hearers,1 could feel the spiritof inspiration, which rented upon ; : : prehending the language. The statistical and financial reports were then read by th3 SecreUry. Also the officers of the stake, were presen ted to the conference and . . : were sustained unanimouslyr , President McDonald had been gratified with the reports given and remarks which had been made. Hoped the sisters would be generous and donate to the Lamanite mission, and sist those who were laboring bo faithfully in their midst; eald "as the brethren had arrived, she would not' take up the time, but yfoald pe pleased to hear from them. Apostle J. H. Smith, who came ; at ratfter - , . o -- . - . : h -- -- . Bup-po- con-giderabl- rt e; 1 . ; , . . 