taries. branch." . "They are the historians of our and quick step did not sound, like a burderrfrH. any one, and when I saw her .down on the floor with hot little ones, the proud, happy look in her eyes surprised me; but I was more" Let us place ourselves in a proper position, that the Lord will hear and answer in them. our prayers. Ubey the commands oi Vrou, and our faith will be strengthened, and the will pass us by." Prayed the Lord to' "surprisedTthisinorning-Tlookinihloythe : were all after they ready to start. I bless us, and give U3 hearts to understand our wagon sarc her in Uie centre of a feather bed, packing duties. MARICOPA STAKE. Bro. Martin bore testimony to the truth of her little ones around her and covering them Minutes of the Relief Society- Conference of what had been said; had testimonies with, bedding. I said, "You look comforthainany Mesa able!" and she replied with one of her bright 6f the truth of this work. - . Maricopa Stake, held at the Bowery, . z, McDonald G. Elizabeth Prest. E. McDonald felt that we had truly smiles: City June 21st, 1888, of. the So- - had branches different The. "Yes, ice have nothing to complain of" Gave: counseLtQthe sIsters to presiding.. a hum were nififv w'ftre well renreserited: there I came back to my work with those words have a care in their remarks before their diild--reAfter also ber of the brethren present. and not sow the seeds of infidelity in their ringing in my ears, and the tears very close usual preliminaries of siuging and prayer, the hearts. "Be careful how you speak of your my . eyes. JSoihing to complain oft and I, conof who had aimgsreverything, and could not find roll was called, and minutes previous neighbors before hem."' Asked . the Lord'g and r . read ference approved. blessing upon us,' that we might increase in' work enough to fill my leisure hours, com-Prest. McDonald expressed her: pleasure at good works. . plained every day. a conference; in the of was this capacity lesson, and it has Dear months. for three meeting Conference adjourned again sisters, jny Desired the faith and prayers of the faints, Siuging, 'Think gently of the erring one." done me goodpfnay some of you apply it and ih&t .we., might pass the time 'profitably while BenedictioiLby. U. X Robson 'he benefitted by it as I was. ,Fam andGari w but of 'suptohrfhe-werefutieU3, 'den. . Tilda. SARAnM.PoMEROifrecr sickness the to was prevailing owing posed it in our midst. Had visited the different branches IN MEM OR! AM. MY LESSON.. since our last conference, and found a good : - - Sister Sarah the dearly .beloved wife1 of Thomas spirit pravailin g. I will try to tell about a lesson"! learhedTo-day- , Moulton, died Moulton, Presidents of the branch societies then gave July 7th, i88.3, aged 71 years, 1 month and in hopes it wilt' benefit some one elsej if verhal renorts. showiner an increased zeal and" Deceased was born at Rushton, Northhampton- faithfulness of the few working bees of the we only, remember it. Last night Ned and his .days. shire, June 5th, 18 17. Embraced the Gospel in December, sitting-room.- . lamtiin the lit the hive. Some were always making promises of father hach'ust o f J i 1840, near her native place. Her posterity, living and dead, their good intentions, attending meetings, etc., attd I had finished my kitchen work, and joined number 91. but scarcely ever came; while another- - class them, where we three, - and no more, were to She was always a true Latter-daSamt, having crossed the were perfectly indifferent, whether the Relief enjoy a long evening reading aloud from one plains with the handcart company, and Trrcrared' without was their of Mrs. Holmes' works, when some one. murmuring the trials they passed through. She was always help Society lived or died, as far as were the whole the knocked at the front door -- a man to ask if his at her post in the Relief Society, Primary Association and reports concerned, but upon wife and little ones could come in and make a Sunday School, ' giving' counsel to the children of the quite favorable. Coun.-SaraRussell felt there were many bed on the floor, as it was too cold to sleep in Saints.v Her loss is deeply regretted by all who knew her Ve told him he could have the subjects to speak upon, she scarcely knew what the wagon. Weep not for me, dear friends, be still, cook-stovto use as he pleased, if to say. Made reference to the great amount of kitchen and I must obey my Father's will; sickness in our midst "Reference has been that would suit him. He, was very glad to If called to leave you, do not mourn, made to the necessity of fasting and prayer, get any accomodation, as no one likes to have Think on the day when I'll return. that the Lord would rebuke the destroyer. their house littered and filled with movers, And if your love is fixed on me,Perhaps this was a judgment upW us for our especially when there are children. 1 supThink of the place where I shall be;r ; slackness in regard to our duties" Had reposed there were three or five, perhaps, but there, There's dominions, kingdoms thrones, ceived great comfort from the visits of. the after taking a lamp to the kitchen and throwing to share, those me with strive, joys Come, ... a pan of chips into the stove to make a hot :j teachers. I Great the Sit with down Am, ,v Him, Coun. Morri3 said, "Let us go to the Lord fire, for it was very, cold, Will threw open the Lamb. the of the To supper marriage for strength to" carry us through oiir trials. d ooiv an dJ n marched ni ne persons, w h ere there the Heber West Ward Relief Society. From Felt to respond cheerfully to every call made tured. Lsaw there was no room for the mother upon her. Prest. Charles L Kobsoniel tneimportaiice. withabyinherarms, SQItookerintCL ; of the .times we are living in; thought the day our room. She began to unwrap what I took was near at haDd when the reign or righteous-nes- a to be7 a child about a year old, in , very poor would commence upon the earths JL'How health. I said, "Your baby is not well?" ' many of us are living so that we are prepared to cope with the power of the destroyer?'! She replied, 'This is not a baby, I have two or oi he is a little unfortunate 'tne spirit Spoke teelingly innaeiity wnicn younger than this one; Ti "Is prevailing with our childtnjappeafeli7!!! from spmaWiseiisT-anireigfaryear soId. Bisters to assist tne pretnren in cnecKing tnis in I could not .look any longer, for I saw that .our midst. Could trace it in a great Tneasu re the light was gone from his eyes and reason SALT LAKE CITY. to our schools as they had fled. I said: schools of our own, wherethe princi"Oh, how much better off he would be if he having be "Our could the of could be laid away to rest forever." Gospel ples taught. The Whatf sorrow to the children are our glory. She looked up at me surprised, and exfond parent to' see-- his children growing up in plained that those we careoMbr the most we ' Sischeck to the without loved . the it power' most, and if there could be any infidelity, e r would raourn-foters, visit" the sick, andomfort them,- speak this one more than to their wants. words and administer cheering any of. the rest. He did not suffer now, but The brethren, also, yshould exercise faith in for two years he had screamed night and dayy when under God, that when tley are called upon to adthe influence' of opiates, except minister, to the sick, they can do so with power. and often big drops of cold sweat would drop Let us live sothat we can lay claim to the from his forehead. That was all over now, . and she could love him -- and care for him, and promises of God unto us." Coun. Callings Hakes said, "We must be it seemed such a pleasure for hero do so', and onsistent1n our course, and practice the princiwhile she was nursing and raising others he Referred was her chief care; all his food had to be made ples weprofess." to theepirit that governs the world. "There soft and put far back on his for while in it Fathers and mothers he could swallow, he could nottongue, is Will be Ibund th"5 latest styles and pioductlons religion chew yio anything. should be awake to their duties in regard to She wrapped him up in his m blanket, and laid hirn .m one corner. oLthe room, LACES,! RUCHESfl EMBRODERl, would of theaestroyer maybe rebuked in the name a rag doll, and went to the kitchen to FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, prepare of Israel's God." supper for her husband, hired' man and other RIBBONS, COLLARS, .TIEb Bro. Charles Allen made reference to the little ones. And an elegant assortnienf of words of-.- . Apostle Thatcher-woul- that the Lord shut the door, aid thought of ray tall continue these trials until the people happy boy and pleasant and home, said to my! forsook their evil ways. "These trials are for self, InSurely this woman's burderKis greater Special department for Ladies' Misses' and our good, and we should acknowledge His hand than she can bear." But her pleJsant voice fant's Shoes. 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple SLrtet BenedicSinging, "Now let ua rejoice,"etc. ".. ." tion by Patriarch Box. tern. Annie Wixom, Sec pro de-stroy- er m - . v '", . -a-.- feast n, . -- ;-t-o . " .- :, -- . y -- h: ' e . ' - -- : - . - ; t j -- LE EiFOMfl were-taughtjSugges- Leading Retail' differ-encesh- , C as h Trio u s e R.K.THOMA.S Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S -- t as-yo- u . d J -- DRY &OODB. , 