WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 171 THUS FAR. disposed to advertise the Council and its doin fS through the , medium of the press to the best BY ELLEN BURROUGHS. an vantage, it will be known .every where soon .what efforts women are and have been, making, Because my life has lain- so close to thine, for. the last forty the enfranyearsLtowards Because our hearts have kept a common beat; chisement and advancement of the sex, and for Because thine eyes turned Toward me frank and sweet, the future of humanity it large, for so sure as Reveal sometimes thine unthought thoughts to mine ' .woman's sphere is enlarged,-anher field for Think not that I by curious design in helping the great labors and questions of the. Or pverstep of too impetuous feet, day, so muj-- the more positive will be the Could desecrate.thy soul's supreme retreat. .higher development and status of the race of " " Could disregard its quivering barrier line. mankindBut without arguing 'any of the Only a simple Levite I, who stand connected with thislliipnftant matter, or points On the world's side of the most holy place, the Council either, Jet u$ consider for a moment ' - 'J illl as the new day glorifies the east, . .:' the women who Imve broughtf-abou- t this interOne came to lift the vail with reverent hand, has.. which national affair, given to Jhe public And enter with thy soul1? soul face to face so many interesting essays, addresses and re-- . He whom thy God shall call tabe high priest. ...' iorts lrom this noble galaxy of magnificent womeri of the age. f . . - ..'; i ' . ii.L 'Pi.-.- ' : -- 1 elderly wonieu kniders in the K. W. S. A. are each ofthein' of a. distinct typo of individuality, We r5peak ada,nd each of them is a: study. visedly, knowing them personally well enough to (Jiscern the strongest and most noticeable inese.tnree women or eactu cn.aracteristics are really the central group, though Mrs Stanton ranks first; they are all three presidents d . h , - V - r i'On of the'vouurest of those identified with - - ... At the head of the group Elizabeth Cady Stanton; she is theTresident, and entitled to the u for several reasons. Sne was one of the foremost women of the period when the agitation of suffrage for BY LOUISA M. ALCOTT. Mysterious Death Life's gold ! po.-itio- who in a single hour caap refine; " , -- ; And by tby art divine Change mortal weakness to immortal power we place Mrs. women " ; 7 1 Bending beneath the weight of eighty years, Spent with the noble strife Of a victorious life, " began. -- . She was associated - anti-Slave- We watched her fading heavenward through our tears. - . -- But, ere the sense of loss our hearts had wrung; A miracle was wrought, , , And swift as happy thought She, lived again, brave, beautiful and young. - - - ' - J . The past years brought their harvests. rich and fair, While Memory afid Love Together fondly wove -- -- theilver hair.' ". How could we mourn like those who are bereft, When every pang of grif Found balm for its relief In counting up the .treasure she had left? " 4 Faith that withstood the shocks of toil and time, Hope that defied despair, Patience that conquered c are, And loyalty whose courage was sublime. The great deep heart that was a home for ad" just, eloquent and strong ' ' In nrotest against wronp": .. 9 Wide charity that knew no sin, no fall. The Spartan spirit that made life so grand, " Mating poor daily- needs With high, heroic deeds, .. That wrested happiness from Fate's hard hand. " I.V- - eg ry " 1 1 tr . - ! - nf ih a t lia' (Hya i rmaii' It AS & S V.Ji VPT; 1 1 9 Odm 111 i 1 1 PP. i V P. m mm ' m and is; certainly 6nb.tthe brightest stars in this array of celebrities?-- Everything she does i tier words is comnlete without fuss or flurrv. and polished as they a'pd seutences are clear-cflow from her lips. She has the grace and . t TTTTI " nAdlh J aii i ir.i mccwu lacL io muLiiie auu prusiuc ui, cacvu - ut . ; .,..1-1,- I iivdp tlifKo. rmif'l-,iil.lp- 1 "A iiiid p 4 hc mOrp pvnerifned i - t - j -- e-r- - Age, Tain, and Sorrow dropped the veils they wore, And showed the tender eyes Of angels in disguise, Whose discipline so patiently she bore. A. golden" "garland for with Lucretia Mott'in calling thVXWventjon at Seneca Falls, foTty Tears ago. Iter acquaint ance with the renowned Quakeress began on her bridal tour to England in 1840- Lucretia Mott had gone to London-t- o attend "the Convention to- be. held there on the 12th t Juimo t 1 h at-- y earT as oneiif-t- h u larL accredited delegates.- Sarah Pugh, Abby Kim-- . lxjr, Eliz:d)eth;Neal and 'Mary Grew of 'Philadelphia,' were also delegates, and- - Ann Greene Phi lips, Emily Winslow and Abby South wick of Boston. At t hat ti m e the women d elegates were rejected. Mrs. Stanton and Mrs. Mott then and there made up their minds that they would on their return to America, call a Convention of women. The Seneca Falls Convention was held eight years later. Thecall was issued by Luel etia Mott, Martha 0. Wright, Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Mary Ann McCJintock, al-' though it was not signed by .either. From that time until the present, Mrs. Stanton has been looked up to as a leader, and since that event, many other noble .women. diave Joined the rauk:s7Tintuthere is a great and goodly company of them. She is always referrechto as one of the most amiable and and motherly women, as well as strong-mindesucmuch of the agreat general in. the cause; cess which has been achieved i3 due to her management. She has been surrounded, how ever, with a number of leading spirits" or the age, and of these,- first' and foremost, is Susan B. Anthony, whose name is almosT invariably7 joined with that of Mrs. Stanton, and no wonder, they were spoken of as the Moses and Joshua. The next star in the galaxy nearest these two, is Mrs. Matilda Joslyn Gage; scarcely aS" wellknown as 'Miss Anthony, yet'she is one of the chief of the pioneer workers. In 182 she became actively engaged in the movement? and for years held the office of Recording Secretary and Chairman of Executive CommitteeShe is now Vice President at large, the same position Mis3 Anthony occupies, and enwas with Mrs Stanton'and gaged in the "publication of the History of Woman's Suffrage in three vohimes, which cover the period of forty years, and includes everything of importance connected with the work. In 1878 Mrs. Gage became editor and proprieter of the National Citizen and Ballot Bom, published in Syracuse, N. Y. Mrs. Gage is also the author of Woman as an Inventor," the " Wonian'3 Rights Catechism," and has been a writer for severaL leading magazines of the country. She has been engaged more recently upon a work to which she has had to devote much time, thought and research, but it is now ready for the press. It is "Woman, Church She considers this the most inl arid State-"- . i i , - TRANSFIGURATION, Miss Rachel fill, is the Corresponding Secretary, . x . Si .1. f W I.; II! Atine uouveimon U v osier, oi rniiaaeipnia. in Jan., 1870, we remember her as a timid Durnnf monf.iFn and of trufUro if'vntKv but scarcely thought she would in such a short tun develop so much torce .of charater and executive ability. S;ie had "then written a play on Woman Sufl'ragej which was spoken of as ipiite. a literary- work, but she has since ac-- " ooniplished something more tangible thanplay-writing- , and ha-- gained a name and fame among the Suffrage leaders ju the.- few years, equal in point of merit to those.who begun. at We thought to weep, but sing for, joy instead, Full of the grateful peace 'That followed her release; nothing but the weary dust lies'dead. -- Ohf noble womanl nevermore a queen Than in the laying down , " sceptre and of crown, To win a greater kingdom yet unseen: Teaching us how to seek the highest goal; To earn the true success; To live, to love, to bless, v And make Death proud to take a royal soul. THE WOMA X'S JUBILEE. Ttte International Council held at( Washing" ton last month, has furnished newspaper people with a great deal of material, and excellent in quality, too, and the editors and reporters seqm -- d .... Miss-Antho- ny devoted to educational and reform interests in all the departments of gance." Shis. specially life. Mrs, Jane " or ine Association, is a of womanhood; a rl. Sponoru, tne ireasurer National WAJinan Sulfraire. most magnificent" specimen 'epmmauding figure and distinguished appear ance, so mucn so as 10 aitract aiLeuuou iu uuy public assembly or wherever she is seen.. n AnotherJeading figure in thi3 group of 1 is is Helen M. Gougar- and she per-d mosi silvery-tonguelecturer among haps the them. She is really a handsome and very at influence as a tractive woman, and has.. "great v.. . ..il 1 ' er. 13 oue uiuic buiuuv political than some of the other ladies, and although not a lawyer,' is well versed in pertaining to law, in logical questions ; some had has which she practical she 'Miss Like is a good Anthony, experience. is a Mrs. newspaper woman, Gougar organizer. in the history of the time was and. atone too, Suffrage . movement an editor, andr published - a the. omcial organ oi tne JN. u. o. A. at ija ' 7 Fayette, Indiana. Mrs. Clara B. Colby is. the last of the group we can mention, although she is not by any means the least. .She is one of the younger of the active workers. She is labored has and V. S. Nebraska A. of N. in that state for successfully and efficiently suffrage and other interests. She is the editorpf the Woman s Tribune in Beatrice, Neb. Her. paper is the official organ of the N. W. S. A,and during the International Council and the Convention at Washington the paper has been issued there daly, and contains stenographic reports of all the speeches and business etc. Mrs. Colby is a logical' expounder of woman's suffrage doctrines and faith; her husband is a state senator and a leading lawyer in Neb. She is a very bright, active and agreeable Woman, and has, without doubt, a happy home, notwithstanding her public duties. Of these notable womeii we have only given an item or two of those, whom we have met and be come personally acquainted with. In our next issue we propose to mention some of thecele- brated leaders of the American Women Suffrage Association. , E. B. W. star-wome- - 1 - - speaKer-autr-wnx- - , . . vice-preside- , nt , 