WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 00 Jul sheet of wateri ryet it is more strange, beautiful and '.fascinating than words can de- pict. Mrs. baxon and saw it under pleasant circumstances. Although late for the bathing season, the recent wannr weather and the per feet sunny day rendered the water very com fortable. A"tarty of friends aceompanied us into thewater7nd- speedilyrinitiateTl usHnto, the mrysteries of floating. Of all the ridiculous-1- . objects that the human frame i3 capable .of presenting, that ot a' person with head and teet only out ot water is the most laughable. Yet who cares for. the crowd in the pavilion above as long as there is enough in thecwater to di vide the attentTon, and one can enjoy;theHbliss Jul sensation of lvin? unon that briny bed. It seems almost impossible Jto believe that even a novice can rest so easily. and. completely with only an occasional movement of the out m stretched ld Beach is the finest of all the points where the lake 13 used, and here are very fine accoraoTjatronsr Aiternne oatn we ate our plcnicsupper, which was' prepared as if- by magic on one of the long tables which are for the use of visitors, and then we watched the lake in the oglory of the setting sun. That ex- quisite wor ainter before quoted has described, a sunset on the, lake, iust such a one as we saw. iu such fitting pWase that I quote it for the delight of the Tribune readers: 4'Salt Lake has its share in the proverbial rich beauty of the Rocky Mountain sunset-Brigand cheery by day, and subtly," sadly mysterious- by moonlight, it iOall glorious at setting sun, Its wide waters are aflame with lances of scarlet and gold, gleaviug the green expanse, and its mirror reflects every fleck of rose or band of. salmon in the sky, where inter spaces of blue still linger. The shining summits of cloud land - are flanked below by the irradiated mountains; the Black Rock tones the splendor with its sombre masses, till evanescent as beautiful the glory vanishes; shadows the darkening peaks, and :sweep down-fro- "Because the courts always construe in law favor the of the saloon." "Then why ! not make a lawto prohibit, or to enable you to prohibit?" was asked, seeing that the Mormons are in a majority in Hie legrelature." At last we found the answer in the fact that sneh -- a bill ha i been passed by the last legislature, and vetoed by the"gpvtrnor."By;speciai legisla-" tipn or Congress, the governor of Utah has an absolute veta. His will can over ride that of all the 'inhabitants in the territory, lor irom I his veto there is no taking a..... measure back to the legislature. A bill relating to city government, containing the clause enabling the coun- - cil "to license, regulate, the manufacturing, selling, giving & way" : or disposing of in any manner, any intoxicating, etc., was passed by-- a legislature of whom 31 out of '36 were Mormons, and when it went l!iefipvern(irKKcrewh is pen through . thfLJ council? 4 1 -- .. and so it became-Garfiea law, leaving the friends of temperance of all faiths powerl-ss-to prevent the existence ofthe saloon in their midst. V words 'absolutely prohibit, -- Jr "' 7ffreoiitycl to visit beside the Home referred to in the last letter, was the day nursery, which had nineteen children in its care. This appeared to be the uiy benevolent work in which Gentile and Mormon were united, it being managed by one lady member from each church, including the Mormon, of which Mrs. Emily Richards 13 the representative. It is'used for children of both . 7 ' ,. classes. -- - ' - .. Great Salt Lake is the "Mecca" of all tour- del ightito tlie Inhabit istsrand a ants of the" city. It is thus described in Picturesque Utah, a lovely. art book which has just been issued -- from the press of Frank Sr Thayer in Denver, of which the text is by M. Virginia Douaghe, a Denver" lady, and which is exquisitely illustrated hy the albertype process from original photographs by.C. R. Savage, a leading 'artist of Salt Lake City. 7" 7 "The sides of the near bills are girded by a , Clara settlement, a3 we had visited that settlement a. short time ago. We traveled up the Clara stream, as the road runs through the : stream... most of , the. way to Gunloek;-thd is quite scenery is quite romantiev-rhisroadangerous iu stormy weather, owing to floods. AVe arrived at Gunloek about 4 o'clock, ex-- - L . -- 1 1 it-i- s er -- H t)f-the-sce- uery Sister Julia with-thePrim- eveuing-me- tv. riu ary, Cox presiding; had a very good meeting 17th traveled tor Pinto. It rained through met' with theYoung' Ladies in the day, so-the evening, and ttieRelief Society sisters in with them, Sister Lizzie Harrison presiding. 18th Went on"to Hambliu; met with Primary, Sister Mary Westover presi ling. Here they had not held meetings 011 account ot the death I m I ot some ot tneir ongniest cnuuren. inereare yery few families here, owing Uythe scarcity of water through floods. One taraily. Bro. Cam-fiellost four children out ot - five. Sister Westover choe Sifter Tessa Camfield as First Counselor, and Philena Emmet as her Second Counselor; Olive Emmet, Stcretaryaud D. C. -- we; - y ht - -pect l n g- to - h o I d - meet l u g3 - w 1 n 1 n e, iteiiet bo- ciety and Primary. Our notice naving been delayed we had no meeting, as there w.ere". some sick and others very busy 16th we started to Pine Valley. About four miles from Gunloek is the famous Big Hill; a wouder how loaded teams ever get-ovit., of-a-n Twished-I-hadhe I have often artistir eye ch some in this that I uould skef '.AVe. Pine arrived . at mountain region. Valley and held meeting with the Relief., iSuciety .at In the 4 o'clock, Sister Slade presiding. - jirm3to.-maiatain-the-equilib- e f , I a I 1 d, Emmet Assistant Secretary 7 77and the with met 19th went rn to Hebron, R. S. at 2 o'clock, SUter Hester Pulsipher pre- siding. The settlement all turned out here. This settlement labors under a great disadvan tage, owing to the flues being washed away that brought the water to the city. When we were here last year they, ta Iked of moving 7 to t but I believe they concluded to rebuild the flume. They have nice brick houses, but.. fmnfmnw-iquimte'a to'asher'of 4heh people liave decided to splainade3 leet below is a wider line these are the water .' ..'.J. roses.". move to Colorado. After meeting we d rove . marks of the great sea which once covered the As we stood there watching the gulls over to Bishop Terry's Ranch, where wewere region and of which the lake is but the saline, fly over the sunlit sea, one ot those incidents, kindly entertained by bister lerry.-20tShrunken"? euiblErTZrnwe ruins are . made of and traveled on thirty five miles to Panacea. they are numerous, in the history of the cobble stones and pebbles, round or Mormon people, which led them to believe coiptjess Here we left Utah and went) intb ISevada; at ovat, and smooth from the action of. the waves. the summit we crossed the line staked out for a they were specially guarded by a divine proBelow are the .very ripple-mark-s of these anrailroad. I think about ten or fifteen miles vidence, was related to us." During the early cient billows. This old,. old lake bed has been days of the settlement, when the first crop was from PanaVca there is no water nnfbi? route traced for a distance of 250 miles, and embedgrowing, and nothing remained between the till we get about ten miles from Panacea. ded in its forgotten shores have been discovered Here we were kindjy entertaiuetl-y-IJtlp- colony and starvation during the coming r large quantities of shells; winter, but this promise of a plentious harvest, Lee and pleasant family. of then body watert :as large as Lake Huron; the locusts came upon them in such numbers Ist we met with the Sabbath Schoolr Bm. and covering one fourth ot Utah, once had an as to; threaten absolute destruction of every Samuel Lee presiding. He kindly turned outlet: This has been discovered at the. head to the Primary; had a very nice meeting; growing thin. We that have watched the of Cache Valley, passiug out through Red sun darken with the silvery wings of this deat 4 o'clock we met with the Relief Society, Rock Gap, thence to the Snake, and so to the foe and the fruitful field become a 22nd returned to Bishop Terry's ranch; vastating Columbia and Pacific. The upper beach line desert in a day, can realize with what feeling 23rd traveled' to Sister Camteild's f and is 900 fet above "the present level of the laker these people gazed "upon the scene. So far had dinner; then went on to Bro. Frank and is even with the outlet; Then during the from home and Foster's where we were kindly entertained by help, no possibility of comand conculsions the of changes geological past, municating with the land of plenty, 1800 miles their daughter 24th returned home aftar the Jake sank, ,and became dry, and filled overland from the supplies, what could save being out ten 'Says and traveled about two again, again to be swallowed up;,' and then yet them in such an hour. They resorted to r 7 prayer, hundred miles. again to be a Jake But never could the new when lo! the west wind brought from the Aqui Trusting we have done some good for the sheet of water attain the level of its former mountains advancement of God's kingdom upon the beyond the lake the gulls that dwell outlet. Therefore, hemmed' in By impassable there in innumerable quantities, and they set earth, ever praying for the welfare of Zion, I barriers, it shrank within itself;, and life in its upon and devoured the grasshoppers before remain, your, sister in the Gospel. waters, died awawThrough constant evaporaany considerable damage was done; tion, the lake became more blackish a veri:777:';:V:. C. B. C. table Dead Sea." . ; 7 Harriet Beecher Stowe has made a most reSalt Lake is now more than fifty: milqs wide, markable recovery after a long illness which INTERESTING VISIT. mile ldn".-- " 77a! d a hundred and twenty-fiv- e even her nearest friends tleemed fatal. 1 vosifiedwitlFTnwratai ! Dear Sister Wells: spurs of thejLiJqtrirrh and Aqur4ang'es. The '.'.'Q.aeeVictdriad'eaD 1 resident Annie L. Ivins renuested ms tn that, the gift of an opal is likely to 'opinion in gt on Irving, who chronicled the ad ventures give you a 'sketch of our trip to the western briug ill luck to its owner. She has settlements. , olCajtamBoi each of. her daughters, on their marriage, with Jfiist white man to see it In 1859 Captain President A. L. Ivins, with her Counselors, a parure of opals and diamonds. Herinfluencet 7 Stansbury explored it. Fremont sailed it in a M; B. Eyring and A. C. Woodbury, left St. and that of her numerous offspring, is said to rubber boat, and Kit Carson iu &! holow log. George on the loth of Oct about 8 o'clock An be doin g m uchltQ Tehabilitte the oal iikthe E ery.body lm3 heard and read of this wonder- - the morm'ner. ' We nn4AfLThrAfTh W sonn . 7-- never-failin- g -- he-wat- er, . h ' , fresh-wate- for-thi- s it-ov- ' -- . d , . , good Opinion of the public- . . - . 