TUIiigMsJtlWQmtji: ofZiQnandUhe. Rights of Jhe Vol. 17.:, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, S H ADO WS AND WHISPERI NGS. oft- - shadow flits across my mind, And thrills me with a gentle tenderness; A faint, a easy for the. 'children ; rrrTWik'.ninga memory only A Tftreeperchance, of vanished happiness; i,try to call it up, but cannot tell, half-define- d, text-book- My thoughts go' back o places where I've strolled, And gaze into the faces known in youth, " Arid wander round so dear To seek this vision out, and find its truth; Alas, I search ir vain, each much loved spot; It still eludes me; still I find it not" the-seen- nf-n- es V- ;' It often cheers 'me in my saddest hours, " - iin doubt my feelings wildly stray., And T feel most strongly then, its charmed-powerJust like an angel presence round my way; Gently it comes, and whispers, "peace be still,'! O, doubting heart, abide "the Father's will." s, blissof heaven oheaHHjTweay"riot know, For dusky fall the shadows of ' Whate'er the talisman,, for sin or woe, " Life's cup is tarnished with a silent sorrow, But we shall know when this poor life is past, --Thesecrett)Mheshadewsihat are cast. v 9 jOh', . - ' 7TT.;. The circular. gives quite explicit information - regarding'' what is taught, what books are to be used, and so forth. The "exercises of the dayboth at the opening and closing, will be innrefer-enc- e 'whlrsiin7af5j-prayerrr"Dis"ciplin- sometimes think I must have lived before, --ii 7 In a much brighter, fairer world than this; ' That I 'hive stepped from that enchanted shJre, , As though I woke from out a dream of bliss, Where soft hands lingered in a fond caress Upon my head, to soothe me and to bless. to conduct will be such as no one can object to. ''Profanityand obscenity in any form is strictly forbidden; "the use or tobacco and strong drink is ,not allowed," and there are other positive regulations similar in character a shadowing of recompense Had followed me from out that home afar, There will.be, in connection with the school, what isr called 'The Field Club," composed of . . e stuaents 01 tne seienunc classes ana oiners who will visit places of importance for practical stud Vr-- akexcu rsiaasdOortb'.TThel Student's Society" will be another organiza tion to afford an acquaintance with parliamen-- ' tary usages, and for practice in public exercises. Officers will comprise a Chairman, a Secretary and a Recording Secretary, to be chosen from the students of the Academic Department. Evening meetings held -- weekly, lecturer and The musical and literary exercises givenLatter-daSaints will, without doubt, use best endeavors to maintain and sustain a their school of learning such as this Academy must be if the intentions are carried out in the let ' ter and spirit thereof. Such institutions in Zion will assuredly check "the growth of that tendency tonfidelity, that seems to have settled like a cloud over the minds of many, who have been striving I 1 For in my heart remains Of a bright realm with .And through Ihe porls Perhaps thqre streams to a partial sense golden "gates ajar' y. of Ihe glorious way earth a heavenly ray. Tis strangelhese dim,- - mysterious hadowingSj Should seem to mock 'us, with-Puzzling us with their distant whisperings, : The music of an unknown utterance, ' 7 That yearning, human hearts must ever feel, Longing for knowledge, that will all teveal, '11 ine ginsl win .1 oe unner me special 1 1 1 chargeftheJaiiyjsupermtenant.. As if - mi . ana spirit, j . 1 1 ..' 1 I .. 1 : :" , - J . - E. R W. October 17, 1879. SALT LAKE STAKE ACADEMY. weeks for something from you in your distant homeMany times, while enjoying your vivid pen pictures of sea, .sky and laud, T have felt the impulse to write and thank you tor the pleasure your words were giving me; but press- 11 I 1. ill idle .. , 1. But now that your pen has been for some time, I have thought much' ofjyou, and shall address you. a few lines through our brave little Exponent. t 3a '" !;.'.! You may wonder it we at home imagine you have nought else to do:iuthat lazy, tropical ' clime, but sit under the fragrant ehade of orange trees, or on the glinting sea shore, and while listening to1, the music of the waves, dream tranowiil dreams and write epistles fpr our euineaiion. ioo weu, tuai 111 mat laud, where even nature inclines one to idleness, and the indolent though graceful movements of the dusky people around ycu, betray the inertia thft rlimatpnrnduciH. vetiL mother's hands, and she' the wife of a Laie missionary, must not be idle- - Weir I know the routine of the days and weeks, which, though lovely and monoton ous, are ever busy. 1 often picture you in giccu swaiu ytur isiauu uuiur, sitnug uu in front of your little white cottage (by the do you not wish that everlasting green " way, .' ..' i-k- (w w76uhrs6metinies"change"; thatyouniight see it covered with a white mantle of beautiful snow?) Yes I fancy you there talking to and teaching 1 the little dark skinned urchins, and probably those who have readied maturity, standing with eyes and mouths, or, morelikely, lying flat on their stomachs, gazing with wor shipful .admiration at your own little ones, whose sweet white laces and delicate torms are m half-confiden- few - . - I have been looking in vain the last , . ' ; Dkar Homespun: s, . G. TO ONE FAR AWAY. the past, the grade to jfhich their qualifications assign -r; them. The officers of the Stake Board of Education, under the auspices of which the Academy Jls founded, are: Anns M. Cannon, President; W. B. Deugall, Secretary; John N1chobo.11, Elias Morris, James t Watson, Francis Cope?, and Vr. A; Rossiter, Treasurer. 7 The. Faculty: James E. Talmage, Principal, Academic Department, Natural and Physical Science and Phonography Willard Done, Intermediate Department, Elocution and Penmanship; Joseph Nelson, Preparatory Department and Mathematics Wil-larCro'xall, Assistant; Dr. Mattie. P.; Hughes, Lady Superin-tendenT- 7 And yet 'tis something, I have known full well. No. to avail themselves of. been confined to a tew. -r- ";-. The . Academy receives students of both sexes on equal principles, and they are advised not to procure. until they ascertain - all Nations. 1SS8. AUGUST 10 Which-hasri- ' Women of: wonder-opene- d 1 rendered sua more Deautnui 07 contrast; or perhaps the grateful shades "of evening are ap-- . " proaching, and the laborers are rcturning.from the cane fields and mill, and are calling to give A l",Wo f i o 1 Qtrm nrauA. ah t"ivJ"" ' JUAili bll- iq n ;uu j pathy in their "Pilikia." And now comes a picture of the quiet, calm Sabbath morning. Oh, how excessively calm Slowly, dreamily the natives wend their way to church, in holiday dress, in all its starchy glory. You wonder as much at the almost faultless taste of one dress, adorned with such matchless blbssoms, as you do at the incongru- IlaminQlnf nf nnlnr sinrl mfllfp. nf ftnnthpr. forv "knowledgerwithoutrfirst-becoming-roote- d and grounded in the faith of the Gospel of When the services, conducted in the native " Jesu3 Christ. language (merely an indistinguishable chain of The Brigham Young Academy at Provo, words at first, but now quite readily underand the Brigham Young College at Logan stood), are concluded you go through the usual were founded upon the same principles as thi3, and general handshaking, and, finallywjien the viz.: ,that the doctrines and principles of the day has beenipent as best it may.and the moon is Church should be taught as the foundation of glorious in her beaufy, while the "continuous voice of the waves seems to intensify the preall science, all knowledge and all truth, instead of, a3 in the institutions of learning vailing stillness, you, with a few friends, meet exgenerally, everything else first and religion at the mansion house, and there enjoy your is secondary. When schools if this kind shall be clusive worship, which the nearest approach . established in every Stake of Zionthe people you have to homedife in the mountains, of much rather I would tell may look forward to a radical change for the which you would better in other respects7 7 you, but your writings have so often broughtThe Executive Committee of the Stake these pictures to my mind, that I cannot refrain disclosing the responsive chord you have Board of Education consists of Angus M. Cantouched in my heart and memory. 7 non, W. B. Dougall and W. A. Rossiter." Time is passing, and your Sandwich Island The Academy will commence its first term in the Social Hall in this city, September 3rd, life will soon be almost like a dream of the 1888. Ed. 7 " past, fraught with the brightest and saddest - . 1 -- y , - A circular of the Salt Lake Stake Academy, recently issued by the officers of the institution, sets forth clearlyUhe object in view in its establishment, as also the methods and course of instruction, and thTT)asT3"and regulation of its management so plainly, that 110 one need be misled as to its facilities and.Tad vantages. It is now two years since the Academy was opened, and there has been an opportunity for those interested to understand what has been done, and what good is likely to result in the near future. It must be apparent to the Latter-da- y Saint3, that there is a necessity for more definite religious instruction for the children than they were formerly. in the hUbit of receiving; and they should, certainly be a3 zealous in this respect as the Roman Catholics, who are so diligent and watchlul over the little ones entrusted to their care. Believing as this people do, it seems very strange that there should be so much neglect in the religious training of the youth of Zion. t But there has J Deen quite an awakening on the su eject, ana the outlook is hopeful, that more and better opportunities for all, will ere long, render it - . . - -- -- . 