7F r. 'V, - ''. I r WOMAN'S' EXPONENT. &f ebnsiderabljr oppressed.- with was glad, to meet with the sisters the beat, but then jpoke-a- t considerable 0f this StakcHe houift- lite length of the duties and obligations resting otfrVBocietyTof the::inflpncerthey might meld over the youth, and how necessary that : The strength it should be exerted for good. aQ(j power ,of omen ft m tie home circle; excluded from public they are therefore wisely is' to ysit the sick, Comduties- - their mission etc. Mothers, teach your fort those. in; trouble, children" self-relian-ce around us in, this life, that require instant Learn to eay yes and no, when decision necessary, and do it with promptness and de- ions -- -- Burton said their reception had - been go very warm, they, failed to get here in time 7 to bear the reports. Asked th e qu es t ion, Sodetylrganlzed?" "One reason is, because thlo ties for finding bu t the wants of a family; her agciulness beyond ealeulation. Their duties fortunate in were to assist the poof and hoard their midst, not up their means for some to scheme get a big name, as he had known some to do." Compared it to some of the Bro- - "Why-"waTth- is T societies of benevolent thovorld, who solicit purchase flannel shirts and clothing to send to some poor benighted heathen in India or some , distant island, while they overlook those'who were starving or suffering right at their own doors. "Husbands aud wive3 should be one in their thoughts and feelings. Who so tender as the loving wife in times of sickness?, T be mothep are the best doctors for the children; they can look infhe very means to ' h ear t TcT 1 h had found TVS e"d iseasc." In' blsx pfTeceni e rd. the sisters a great help in. his Prest. Charles Robson had been much the, good instruction which bad been "giveio7and it vras our duty tbrofitby itTFcft that the remarks of Bro. JBurton did not apply n, M He was a witness in a great many instances of the great care whicf had: been hestoiVed upon the sick in the hoarding up of means, etc 1 -- recent sickness which bad Tisited Mesa, which had been great;' many of the sisters had labored nighr andday, caring fort were in need of help, administering to their- comfort in every possible way. None were al- -' lowed to suffer through neglect, filling their mission nobly as a Relief Society. Made some remarks' in regard to the storing up of grain', the best 'methods, etc. Prayed God s blessing upon all those who desired the welfare of - V Zion. ': 'Z-'-. Prest. McDonald thanked the brethren for the good instruction given; we should each one strive to put it in practice in pur live3.Wished the mothers generally to attend the Primary and Y. L. Conferences the following - - day. or views on the eilbject of religion which were opposed to my own and to those of our people consider that iu all that legislagenerally. tion we not only; violated the Constitution, but we violated jiU the:principles.jof civil liberty; upon which our institutions are founded. I people who may be convinced that they are pursuing a wrong method of life and a criminal I oiie, of providing a home for tbe tomen and children who may be left destitute in consequence of a change of life, met the approval of iny judgment. It was In" the line of per-haveney exchanged - thatjpinbnX thinkwe, suasion, in the Hue- of the only successfu went back eighteen hu ndred years in the propolicy, of the policy convincing the moral gress of the world to the days of barbarism, to sentiment which the Almighty has provided as use the courts, the civil power of the State, to the means of reformation for all rnen everycDiupei uy iorce a cnange inline opinions or where. Itr cannot be that you can chance wer, by oppression. -- fay renqoirthwut jeetofi gion. persecution,. oy tqe sworu; oy compelling men The Constitution says we shall take no action o believe-.- -- This 13 the method of the stake, the iron boot, the fearful implements of the whatever, exercise no power of government respecting the establishment of religion, and yet cruelty and crime of the Dark Ages, and the language of this bill is plain and direct, these we adopted in place of the gentle persua ; sion of the divine Christ.; offering inducements to leave the Mormon Mr. President if the statements of the Sena Church., We r have forgotten even that" we tor from Maine are true, it is the severest yjMJO-p-o k in ari'a beliefl on "1th eljubiect: of Imf 2 ion. arraign me n t 'ofLth is body that could : possibl y whether it be true ,p'r untrue, andso in all this be made Can itxbe that the Senate of the United States and lhe House of Representalegislation inwhich we have prepared a preju diced jury, in-- which we have prepared sat here and allowed such a condi- a preju I tives have - r . . . I . "X as ue 01 mm ana to tne exist lion seiectea instances ior ine purpose mings aiceajuage, of trying men of r different opinions on the scribed by him represent? I3 it true that peo- of the error of their lives and subject of religion from himself, we have violated not only the principles of the Constitution, subjected to extreme; cruelty, ha vjjjbeeri combut we have violated all the institutions upon pelled to remain in that condition for the want which our present civilization is founded, and of even the ordinary necessaries of life? Is it we only need to go a few steps further to introtrue that children of twelve years of age arc duce the power of the state to punish in direct mm pel led to enter in tb jwlygamous a nd unlawterms a man for being a Methodist, or a ful marriages, and the Senate and Senators Catholic, or a Presbyterian, or for holding Trom Maine .and Vermont have qu jetly remained here providing no legislation but these some different form of faith from that which denunciations of the Mormon people? the dominant party in the state may profess. If Bu tj JIrPresident, I approve the . principle. ihese. statemenlsJbetr u e,ibeji5vidence-should.- , ofCthe legislation in this. appropriation.:!! be obtained and prom pt legislation prov'ulcd the Mormons are to be converted, or any other by which that evil sboulcTnot exist a day longer to conIhecvil witb set ofpeopleritis and do laws it be-- , the divine religion of Christ, by persuasive form to the yet unable to cause the lav3 have provided no efficient methmethods, and not, by the exercise of power. ods for their protection and thiir subsistence. TheTIegfslation of this body has done more to I am not ready to believe these statements. perpetuate polygamy aud establish it by makthatpolvgarar; however ing martyrs of them than any and all other I dd"not--belfe- re is of necessity and in ifself, de wfoncful it causes and instrumentalities that could have been brought together. stroys the natural love and affection which the - We live in an. age in which the principles of Divine Being ha3 implanted in the human Christian tolerance, the teachings of Christ heart, that charily can not exist where it prevails. AVe derive our religion from a poly-- that the sword is not tne power to create gamous people. I bare been taught to rever"opinion , to ; produce conviction, but it is argument, it is the preaching of the divine word, it ence the ScrfpHrihKOHalaaXew Testais the missionary, and not the power of the ment as a divine revelatipiind the cHaracters sword, and they present as the highest typeof humanity.. law by which these courts are established and And while we believe with the confidence of , knowledgeHthat our Christianity is the true and vested with'unusual powers cannot be distinguished from the exercise of the power of the higher civilization; and the only true religion, state in creating the Spanish Inquisition as an it is not necessary that we should halt and dearm of the civil power to compel observance nounce those who differ from us in faith and of a particular faith, lhe two are precisely practice. I do not believe that either amongst , the Mormons or any other people surrounded the same, and no argument can distinguish between the legislation of Congress in respect to by the influence of modern ci vilization such the Mormons and the exercise of the civil cruelties would be permitted. j sides Inruisi-tiotwo these There to are n the the of the in statements; shape power of the state -to suppress another religion or faith, either Mormons deny them, their representative denies by delegating it to an eccleiastical body or them in a speech delivered in the House of : ; ; Representatives. Travelehs and men of high exercising it directly. The constructions of law! under which these standing both in our own and foreign countries profess to have examined carefully into this neonle have been tried and punished, if cor kndi describe theie people-a- s a mild rectly reportedrare a. lasting shame and dis subject, and truthful, industriojis and virtuous people, ;H grace to our country anq to ine aamjnistauon of the law, and to ourselves for permitting it to comparing vefy favorably in many respect3 continue. I have seen it stated by persons with 'the people, of other countries, save: only said tobeLreutablejn character and truthful,. in the permission for polygamous life and representing that to be limited in practice. I , that men and women have been convicted and sentenced for unlawful, cohabitation upon do not know anything a3 to the truth of these statements either onone side or thei other, but proof alone that they had. contributed to the to bear false witne?s against I am not support of the families, the women aDd children : a one orwilling to condemn" without ful 1 and fair ny toward whom they bad at some former period of time sustained the polygamous relation, evidence on both sides. and that in other case3 women had been sen- r J have never: seen a Mormon except those tenced and imprisoned because they thought it who have been here before the two Houses of name of the Congress, and it is only just to say that these proper to refuse to disclosehadthesustained the appearance and manner of intelligent, thess had man towards whom they . I it men. rinave never known eaucatea ana Kinaiy j relation one of and their but his family life, in borne for the faith, a But th is legislation providing -- - - : 1 . : ' 1 1 ' ; ' 1 a . ' 1 1 ed plc-xonvinc- , -- - inter-eEted;i- to : , 79 ' - I . 2jx adjourned for, three mcnths, Sining,How beauteous are their feet.0 Benediction by Apostle J. H. Smith. v Sarah E. Pomeroy, Sec Conference i SENATOR; CALL'S SPEECH. 1 October 2nd, 888, Senator Call, of Florida, made theTollowing speech upon the appropriat- ion of 580.000 for- - the Industrial Home in city, which is printed as reported in the emonal Mecord: ' - - Mr. Call :I voted for this appropriation, not only as member of the Committee on Educat- ion and Labor when as first considered, hut also as a member of the Committee on Appropriations and of the; Senate. -- I objected to" and would now object to and vote against tne legislation this body- persecuting thesi JfropIe because they had certain religious views it-w- 1- . f- ! thepower-"ofrthe"'viriaw.Tl- ie: ' ill. 