CHILDREN'S COLUMN.' , i . . lows: OBEDIENCE. V Obedience is the firat step to salvation. The Lord has- said,. "Children,-obeyour parents 1 i rr .'(far- if is r rrht) lionor tnv iatner ami my mother, that? thy tiays may pe long iu iu iujuu which the Lord thy Uod giveth thee. should also obey the counsels of our : ,We teachers and our presidents, and all those who are placed over us, and then we will De Diesr; but disobedience always brings sorrow. Some children are first disobedient to their brothers and sisters who are older thaiuthey areand think thev know as much as they do then to their parents; then they will not listen to the counsel of the servants of God. And what" will be the, result? Unless they control this disobedient spirit, and Jiea r ken unto the couii-se- l givefi by the servants of God, and by their l - . ' u " j Jiauif - wu v.i.. and destruction and be lost. ; So let us obey our parents; let us listen to the counsel of our bishops and our presidents, and to all the commandments .of God, then we will be crooned with glory in the r kingdom of God. Ual CU L5, IUCJ Ol C gw-u- . , ' , " Bertie Schneider. . Fourth Ward Primary, Logan, " 5th, 1888. ; May housekeeping. A Dialogue for Two Little Girls. - ' j Roscoe- - Conkling." Among the women book lovers of the last century Madame de Pompadour easily outranks'' all others. Nor were her tastes for rare editions-anfine bindings merely an affeetatian. She was heart and soul a student as well as a patron Nephi juab"County,Iay 2d, 1888, Mary Ann, Mie was born January 28, 1812 wife of I h.jinas Pass -- in Lancashire; England; was baptized by Elder' Jame Hawkins in the year 1840; emigrated wun ner nusband and children to Utah in 1863, and has been. a resident of this place from that time to the date of her demise. Sister Pass, has been a faithful wife and mother, her devotion to work was manifest in her daily life. As a the Latter-da- y member of oar Relief Society, she was faithful to every duty, and it can truly be said she was beloved ty all who ... had the pleasure of her acquaintance. Her seat in: our Relief Society meetings was never vacant whjle her'heaiih would permit her to attend; she was richly endowed w ith the gifts of the Gospel tongues, interpretation and prophecy which in many cases has been literally fulfilled. children forty-nin- e She leaves' a husband,-seve- n grand Died, in. " . 1 " 1 1 1 - chi:dreriand ibr a ry n u m biered 8 ,000 vol u m es, h u u d reds of them bound in full raorocdo and many of them decorated in the most exquisite, style by Pad and Derome. She was an intelligent collector and knew the books which filled her shelvesiIa .fact, thi3 celebrated woman was a sort of female Crichton; she was well versed in literature and art, skilled in drawing, painting and etching, a fine musician, a good singer, excellent actress and mtfet graceful of dancers. In I860 her library brought 42,000 francs; to day the sam3 books would bring a million. 1 May-they-h- ave- sufficient of the Spirit and power of God to enable them to noble example. follow in her footsteps and emulate-herI. PlTCHFOR.ni. " ' dearest in sister, Rest peace, then, ' . . All thy earliily cares are o'er up . - zrr0lhe.manyjoypn For thee on the other shore. -- Book News. Kate. Well, Mary,-- am pleased to see you. I have thought for some time that I,would like-t- o have a talk with you about housekeeping. Mary That is a very strange subject tor you to talk with me about. Kate. Perhaps it is, but it will befor your future benefit and blessing. Mary. I have not thought much about the future, and you see that I .enjoy myself very much at present. I am taking music lessons, and of course I do not bother myself about " .' I, Roscoe Conkling, ofUtica, N. Y., do aake,a publish and " declare my last will and testament ae follows: I give, device, and be (Jueath to my wife, Jutia, and to her heirs and all"' ray property and estate, assigns-foreve- r, whether real, personal, or mixed; and I ' constitute and appoint my said wife sole executrix - ; of this will. . In testimony whereof I hereto sign my name, this 21st day of June, A. D., 1887. 1 1 be honorable and ust spected, and was trulyjown tt j by all who knew her, and passed away in the hope of a glorious resurrection . Com. and please Journal Ntws Dcserct copy. Logan their liege lords to affix their signature in the presence of two witnesses. The will "is as fol- Oh, what joy will fill thy bosom, Mingling with the good and true Peace and rest will be thy portion, Heavenly lessings wait for you. ! M. P. ' - 1 -- housekeeping; . IT XT,..r - - Met ... ' ,' day to have a home or your own, do you not; Mary. To be sure I do. and a hired girlta do my work; what do you think of that, Kate? Kate. I will, tell you wha-- t I think; I am afraid you will feel rather cheap about that time, if you do not know how to keep house. MaryT I ani nothing like you, .Kate; it Beems to me umi you iuk tsunu uumiurx i tiny down on your knees to scrub the floor, or to brush and dust, aiid also to do cooking for all your folks, while I enjoy sitting down to the organ and playing a sweet tunej it seems to cheer everybody so much. Kate. That is very nice, Mary; there it-time for everything, but there is nothing like knowing how to do your own work," if you should have to, or at any rate to superintend it, and do it right; have a place for everything -- rand everything in its proper place. Mary. I believe you are right, and this I must remember, '""A place for everything and everything in its proper place," and alter this I will try to learn something besides music and pursuits of pleasure. I thauk you for your - . R.K. THOMAS MIX A. J. ;, " OBITUARIES. The LeaUing ItetaU 7 candidates at the last examination-foadmission to the Royal Academy, , only twelve succee ledin securing admission as pro-- : jbatiohers, and ten of these were women? 8.7" The ; Relief Society of Smithfield, Cache County, have called upon by our Heavenly Father to sustain a great loss by the death of Sister Susan E. Weeks, who departed this life at five a.m. ..May ist,i888'. Deceased at to CambridgerEngland, SeptembeL-10,-1835- ; emigrated.' She has been ; Wifutworker m the Relief Society, having been a teacher.xfor several years, always hile we feel that she looking after the poor and sick, has accomplished a good and noble work, and has gone beyond the trials and temptations f. this life to gain the re- ward in store for her, we feel to deeply sympathize with her bereaved family, her husband. Brother Sydney Weeks, being in PltlsoN for the Gospel's sake. Her children are left, lor the present, with neither father or mother to counsel and guide them. E. T. jt;sHAW, Prest., "V ' MA Y WooBRUIT, Sec. L.Zl was-bor- 9 R.K.THOMAS r A model will is that of the late Roscoe Conkling. It is given here with th gentle hint that wives copy the same and sweetly woe She joined the Church in her native hampton,. England land , being baptized in 1861, and crossed the sea in the. ship Manchester, and the plains in Captain Jlenry Miller's Company, in the year 1862. She was married in the year 1862 to Henry Barker, and was the mother of nine children and one grandchild, all of whom survive her, andshe is the first to pass behind the veil. She was a member of the Relief Society was teacher, secretary, first counselor, and lastly president, holding the position of president a little over two years, all of which positions she held with honor and honesty combined. She was a devoted wife and mother, and ever faithfnl to the cause of truth. Has resided in the Tenth Ward, Salt Lake Cityr Paradise, Providence '' Clarkston and Newton, Cache Co. , Utah. Was much re- - JAMES ZD--VXID' TINNERS CAS.WATER 6z CO., Sl STEAM FITTERS LIFTand FOil - K POMP'S. Purnps Repaired on short notice. Orders irons the country promptly, responded to. - W Agent for RUAISEY'S celebrated 1- -- DIKP, in Newton Ward, Cache Co., Utah Territory, on tiie 30th of May7"iS88, Susan Dermot Barker, wife of John ; Henry barker. She was h,orn May 20. 1843at South- -- , CasK House. been- - North. EIPOEIW SAt.T LAKE CITY. e. - good advice. Out of The Salt Lake Sanitarian, recently estab lished in this city, of which the Drs. Shipp are editors, was issued in May. Ibe contents are: Remedial Agents, by the editors; Olive" Oil, by Dr. E, R. Shipp, M. D.; Disinfectants, by Dr. Brown; Scarlet fever, by M.- - C. Shipp, M. D.; Do not Forget to Give the Baby a Drink;" besides editorial and other matter suitable to such a journal. It is quite up to the standard of other medical papers we have seen; and is likely to prove successful inits departmentjjf litefa--tur- &llress. JAKS3. Box 30G.i SALT LAZE CIT7-- ' , Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S the and Will be found latest styles in pioductions RUCHES, JEMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES LACES, . And an elegant assortmenf of t X)E"Y" Special department fant's Shoes.' OO IDS? Or for Ladies' Misses' and 112, 114, 116, 118 In- East TempU Sired. . 