WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 182 ; I )k9i Neplri'J.iVadiWQii Telt to hank the. Lord? to do right and keep the mimandments of the " " for being' blessed .with worthy parents, whom he Lord, Couu. Hatch said, she felt well in .meeting felt to honor artfl respect for.iaising.hini up in the she thought the' sisters had with principles of life and' salvation. been blessed in their efforts to do goid, but did. l!io. John N. Lee 'tpokc of the blessings and rrfeei that the har improved "as tast'as she prjvilege5 tli.it the LaTTerday'Saints enjoy iiflheir" wished to. Gave the sisters some good .'counsel, Children rising up and blessing their parents. Sister-ElizJ. .entreated the young people. and asked the Lord to bless the Saints everywhere. , to be obedient to their parents and honor and d " addresse the Sarah Pi;cst, i congregaPope reverence old age y' considered t one of the duties wives the ehort time on and of tion a and greatest privileges to belong to the Church Was so see mothers. pleased to many present, kingdom of God. so brethren the of felt interested anf that many Singing, "Know this, that every soul is free,"etc. . enough in our .conference to attend, because Benediction by U ro. C eorge AAVads worth.. the more of the priesthood, there were present Eliza j. Wadswortii, Sec. 2: the more strength it gave us; cautioned the sifters against' pride. "It is .not right to be proud and haughty, but we should .be humble It. S.; V. L. M. A P. A. REPORTS. and prayerful and learn to govern .ourselves, before we 'are fit to. govern others." Asked the ' ' I'l'VJ V IU' t I'Vlf'D. Lord to bless us all in keeping Hi3 commandments. v members- - enWe have ubrtutu twenty-twOaks said work to do on this a all'had Sister 'tenant' rolled, .with an average attendance-obe faithful our meetings, which we hold twice a month, but earth, and exhorted the sisters to and diligent ingoing good. the'. scattered condition' we are in, Conference - then adjournel- - until- 2 p tii. Singmg, "PH. praise iny Maker." Benediction some of the sisters having to come from a mile by Bro. Charles 'Bartlett. -- : , ' " thei-isister- . s; a ? ' . . . " .: - , L.I o : - The "Exponent is a welcome visitor, though we are ji'L such an out of the way place that, thers are not many taken,.- but it is read: TIT witn muck interest., vve Jare progressing out -- Afternoon session: Meeting at 2 p.m., Prest. Sarah Pope presiding. Singing, "Hark ! the sbng of jubilee." Prayer by Brother Nathan Hunting- - Siuging, "0, my Father," etc The 1. it .. .I .1. l..iilttji..ii.' 1,,.. V....... presidents of the different branches weje then future. V sustained. . :. U ,;"1,...l ,.!. Prest..S. K. Benniou sahlit wai.th.e first.Ile-lie- f thU winter, but the people in general have enSociety Conierence he had ever attended; i i i i.i ........ i.i t Vv.. ts.t i It .i ,.1. ims itutu vt'iy thought the instructions ve had received were juj u'l uuu m an u, ititiir;ugu vve and we been in have to build ns up iu our most holy faith, intended disagreeable, kept "Jit doors a great deal, we know that will be a and gave some very good instructions, which ' were gladly received by the sisters. ' summer time, here - Bro. K. S. Collett 'said the; young people wv ann tor trie we tare o liiver nraviny should be proud of being born of honorable O J ' remain, parents, in this, the last dispensation of the Your patens and fulness of times, that they might be taught in Lmzahkth II. Sn.pp. Prest.. the wavs of the Lord. ' xrv ' V - Bro. James Hacking said husbands should K R. Baldwin, Sec.. be kind to their wives, for they were the ones UINTAH STAKE that had the most todo in rearing and .. .. , children; said - he never forgot the rutr-nreonierenee oi tne Keuet Society "his mother gave him in his youth. teachings held in Uintah Stake convened Ashley, Bre. J. Hatch was pleased to meeUwith the meeting house,. April ly 1888. Meeting Latter-daSaints. Spoke ot the improvement aj 10 aJm., Prest. Sarah Pope presiding. sistertfhad made since this place was settled, the Singing, "Sweet, is the work, ". etc Prayer by and ot the tender feelings-. mothers have to" Continued Bishop George Freestoue. hy wards their children; thought children should singing. Then reports from different branches be obedient to their parents, and should not be of the. R. S. in the Stake were read. We had allowed to roam around at nightjML&huM- P. Upiminn' . nresent on the stand Prest. reilarhomelnnieFth care. ' . .a1 i l i . ii .1.,.it ' i invfuusei'u, una tiigeioer wuu ine risuops ana Sister A. K. Bartlett spoke of the necfesitfH their Counselors of the dillerent wards. 01 tne sisters suoscnumg ior ine EXPONENT, Sister 4V. K; Bartlut was called upon '.'to adthat they might have something that they dress the congregation tor a short time. She di gain-- i n form ati on fro nr. said she felt that this was a feast of reioicinsi ' Conference adjourned until the 2nd day of to have the privilege of meeting with the Latter-da- y next. Singing, "Jerusalem." BeneSaints on this occasion Gave the sisters September diction by Bro. George Pope. some good instructions concerning their daughAda Longhurst, Secretary. ters marrying; she said the daughters of Zion should go to the house of the Lord when they BOX ELDER STAKI5. werejnamed, and not to a justice of the peace; said there were many responsibilities resting The quarterly conference of the Relief Sothe we should sisters; teach the ciety of Box Elder Stake convened ia- - the upou thought niul young rising geneiatioir the principles of Tabernacle, at Brigham City, on the 13th of the Gospel, and that there was no wealth. given March, 1888, at 10 a.m. After sirmin Prest us that was woi;th as much to us as' these Harriet A Snow offered prayer'. Continued by Asked the Lord to blessall the siusmirr. principles. sisters in trying to do" good. 1 rest. Snow encou raged the sisters to be Sister McAUing- said it was unexpected to diligent, that we may be blessed and use an inher to be called oa to "sneak, but. neveriJudessfluence for good. Proposed tbat"Sister Anuie ... I. , .llrt ....... 1.1 11 v t .! cnu tu 10 niiHi Wixomact as Secretary in the "ab-euc- e llic uunj ujiiuK a.Muirt of sisters. She expressed her desire- to d' good, Mary lv; Snow. Spoke of the necessity of but her voice a as not st rong enough to speak having: the reports correct. "We are in a long; said, she belonged tb the first Relief school in this lite, mid we waut to learn all we Society that was organized in the Church; she. can, that, we may be able to-- do the mosf ..ten well in meeting, with the deters in those g(xl." days, and she also felt well in meeting with the The secretary, called the. roll. Minutes of sisters now the would sitters hoped try previous conference were read and approved. . - - . I I , '" ,;. ' 1 ,.. r r i 1 I t . I 11 in-t- he I 7 rs, teach-ingthe- ir st iu-th- e com-m'eucx- Hl y ; . -- . l - . .. . : . i : c-i- -- - " - 1 . . ' . a - . x s; "I m '.r p. bi.. i i t . i otaiisxFcar seventeen lym nuaneiui' repuns-irobrandies were read. Prest . Snow: yo .hajBla4t;. aTMt, half of our branches since the organization of a new Stake . -our - Stake contain 19 - will onlv IJ J : branches hereafter instead of . 25.". : , ah4 . . '." Prest. Jane Peery: "I'am thankful to' be. here. When we speak of ourselves we may not suit each other, .but when vve are dictated hv- thp Snirit nf rhfi Tnrd wo will Kpnofif rA. other; there is no salvation oufside this kingdom, but in it is everything. We must overcome bur selfishness and imitate our Savior; we are here with our own agency, therefore we must to our duties and privileges. be Weavea kind Father in heaveu. ' Let us he .prayerful, and obedient to the priesthood. Sister Eliza K. Snow desired no one to mouru 101 uer; sue KUtJNV sue wouni j)ass iuio celestial glory; let us live so. we may meet her; nothing in .this world can give such comfort as the Spirit " ot the Lord." n. Prest Hubbard, gf Willanl: "I wish to learn and improve,- where I have come short; I wish to trv to do better, and to Jive so I mav havfi ' LUC J.Xt'J lJJlI llf lO llllllli ail ' W1SUUJ1J illHl We have had a great deal of sickness "duties. and sorrow this winter, but. the sisters have., been ttrengtHeued and upheld by the power of the Lord. Let us live every day that we may enjoy the Hdl v Spirit, is my prayer in the name -- wide-awake - . " - pU.-5tS)- i nL:!i t it President Harper, of Calls Fort: "I also desire to live and improve. We are "to be tried i rT al th ingsr to maywefaithfuraiidrue -our trust." .... .Sister Jensen, of Mantua: "We ought to. be" thankful for the great privilege-w- e enjoy to be in.the Gospel; I feel to go onward with my sisters. Whenever I have a spatial request to ask of the Lord I feel more courage to ask in ' ; . secret." After siuging, "Hark ! listen to the trumpeters' Benediction va3 pronounced by Court. Susannah P. Boothe. 1 -- ' -- ; , Afternoon ssion: - Singing. Prayer by Patriarch Burbanks. Singibg, "Truth reflects upon our senses." Condensed report read by Annie Wixoih. . Prest. H. A. Snow made a few remarks. Sister Mary Grant, of Honeyville, spoke of the persecution. "If we a3 mothers learn the pnuuijucs ui luc vjruspci uuiscivca, no teach them to our children." Rudger Clawson: "My sisters, I was me kindly invited to visit you lives pleasure to meet with the sisters of the Relief Society. I have nothing specially to say this afternoon, but I always make it a point to rely of theLord. The sisters of the Relief Society are engaged in a glorious work; 1 think: it would be dimcult to compute tne amount of good accomplished from the beginning of the organization; the Prophet Joseph, could realize its importance. I' believe we cannot fully comprehend the importance of woman's mission on the earth; I can see how necessary it i3 for a mother to throw an influence of righteousness and ' purity around her children; we often see that children," to a great extent, are ruined, by too - "great affection wrongly applied; I beiieve every father and mother should set a good example before their children. Any woman who is the mothef ot a large family and brings them up properly, teaching them correct " principles, obedience 'and faith, I claim. that that woman has occoui- plished a great work " Bro.' Clawson compared the greatness of mother's work at home to the missionaries' abroad. Bro. David Boothe said he appreciated the labors of the workers in the Relief Society, and had put his feelings in rhyme, He read the following poem: . 1'.-Pre- st. to-da- y; i)n-the-Spir- it to-da- y -- . . .;. 