WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 130 tmn. Bro. Hill, photographer, rendered a .r i t . i r v hi so We have beenjrganized inXReliefSociety was laKeil lll stJUtieiiiy inait;ririuuus recitation - from - the writing3.j'f our jiighly . : vtiars: m vseir withmauyTOthersr have she would die before relief could be found.esteemed and rleparted sister, E. R. Snow Smith, r ulnmr. meeting with many scenes of two three or about Her father was then Jiving . manner. and some not so pleasant. We have in a very creditable in pleasure, Saints the of alittle'settlement from .milW After participating in the dance until all counsels oi.our iu.iv nesiucut, xj. t. the had to once at father her she go requested Arizona; the party, was dismissed, (as if were and-ncounsels, but his ey Shurtliff, that-th6nlyhis the of brethren; and bring some had .. been opened), by prayer, when all dtsalso that of his Coun presence at our meetings; mitrlit make her well. He came at once, beg persed to their homes,,feeling that thi3 had selors. His fatherly care and teachings are child hid make ihem to for haste, saying ging . while we appreciate his truly been a hppy reunion, a .must die if thev did not come. They 'found not. forgotten, and" weather was the or our presem very cold Notwithstanding her quite as ill as represented, and administered kilns'. Is. we do not lonret those ' a was there creditable very his time and blustering, W. Bramwell; Geo. although . Bishop, This was early Sunday with the desired we attendance, both at the meetingin the afternoon the name day the seems more taken up with otner ounes, yei o'clock and at two morning, Our President, Sister and he party in the evening. whole party, including the girLwho had been feel we have his support. M. 1ANNER, Almira Ravmoud. received her appointment as sick, rode down horseback to attend .the meeSec First Ward Relief Society. President of the Relief Society in its, first or- had rein the all they blessings rejoicing ting, Beaver City,- U: T., Jan. 17, TS88, in her trust, backed ganizationnd is still firm sistersaud ceived. 7 teachers; When we first came to this country, some-"te- by her Counselors, and the NOTEtt. AND NEWS with all, she has a variety of feelings and -- with an became we yet acquaifited ago, year3 Indian-wh- o had been several years before minds to please. I am, however, thankful to mild Mrs. Henry Ward Beecher has given the say she is endeavoring to do her djuty in a shot, and the ball was still remaining in his leg. Soldiers'' Home at Leavenworth 2,000 books " He was a great stiflVrer, and had bee une re .and gentle, manner. from her husband's library woman d ., dueed to a perfect skeleton: 1 1 is fam ly had . Sister Raymond is a of teach others and her desires are to nobility all Mae. Jahauschek, the actress,- has been hud large fl cks of shep and many-hors- es the of, the emulate to and examples awarded $12,000 damages for injuries received of which had. been spent during the years of character, the in alone We not are virtuous. noble and i h is s c k n ess, and e till no relief came, lie had by falling down stairs last year at an hotel in is place, tb in in tel hu of man. iigeuce enterprise Newport, R I., which compelled her to cancel Association, we"hlLve7the for" YouugLades, all her engagements and disband her company." year previous to our arrival but through the Jane Sister noble a woman, very inflnrnwof his inanv friends and their old guided by Thecorridor of the hotel, it seems, was not h ei r -hold rs. Counselo 1 her 1 Thomasrwith They traditions, still clung to their foolish notions ight ed, an d M me. J anauschek fell to the bo meetings every week, and are in a healthy condoctorinir their sick, but when everything was of the stairway and broke her right i-- -, exhausted and be was still a iiopeless cripple dition Wtrdiavealsthem wrist. her with President, Sister Susannah Robinson, . suffering at times intensely, he hecarne willing Mrs. Eliza Garfield, the late President's to trust himself entirely in the hands of the germs of man and womanhood, endeavoring to mother, who has just, died at Mentor, O., aged of loveliness and virtue. in brethren, and do as they advised They found train them the paths was born in New Hampshire, and eighty-six- , a k i nd sister, w jo was a good n u rse and full She merits great praise for her labors We are now through with the holidays, and moved toOhicTwith her husband in 1830. A of faith, and with the free use of. 'oil and some, are taking up our, knitting and domestic labors log cabin was built and a farm partly cleared; mild poultice, and keeping: the wound but her husband soon died, and Mrs. Garfield as usual, and sitting down to a quiet life again. soon removed thoroughly cleansed, the ball We number over one hundred in our Society, was left to struggle with many difficulties,. She and he was gradually restored to almost perlect elder refused to send-he- r faced them health, and when I met hira a few years after and have an average attendance at our meeting children outheroically, to work among the neighboring I was astonished, and could not recognize him of about thirty- - Oh, by the bye, I had almost toiled with her own hands to keep them m 1... n.nA Iw.;..,- - T' t,n,1 fl, .ww... forgotten to mention, we are talking of having a settlers, under her owrTeye, and from her they ' . It is quite a curiosity to see the women at party to celebrate the twentieth anniversary of together first rudiments of an education. received the work weaving some of the prettyblaukets they our organization, and if we have the party; we shall have to unite with oUr boys whom we Ex. vmake. White women would scorn to use such have lived with for the last half century or a rude loom and the manvlittie bits ofwood The Jubilee Memorial to the' Queen in favor as the with us to out more with the fancy colored yarn wound on them. programme, of stopping the sale of liquor on Sunday has help we cannot well do without them. . The designs are very pretty and so evenly ar only just been handed in. It was signed by Blenda Dear I Editor, seems almost it ...incredible that such ranged T, 13 2,608 women, and-i- s said to bey the largest iliipfM-M;ir time so I dinner u near gettingw Amoncr to work-w- it pypr- - presented. the ladies who w w ' ; ; for the Jill Afi flniorifT must Ai Uflfivi li'f'd tliP rflPP3 , .1V wnman UV . ... present, remaining, waited on the Homo Secretary with it were stop writing Tl nuuiU Your sister in the Gospel, .. most of the hard work. John Bright's sister, Mrs. Bright Lucas, Presi-- " Neal. Annie The husband and wife keep their property dent of the British Women's Temperance. ' 1888. Jan. Plain 27, City, Association aud Mrs. Temple; the Bishop of separate, and in all their buying and selling each attends to his or her business independent London. They mentioned the significant fact7 of the other, and. at the death of either party, that. in one small town, where there were forty-- ' PARTY. CONJOINT AND MEETING the brothers and sisters claim the property,.not two liquor-sellerthe wives of all but four had or the liusbauo, children wile, as the case may signed the memorial; ' be. '. When" theyoung man is desiring to marry, -- Editor Woman's Exponent: In the spring of I860 Mr. Trollope became he must show that he has something to give The two branches of the Relief Society of acquainted, with George Eliot and G. H. Lewes. for his bride, for a mother never allows her this His impressions of the forraet are given in the city met conjointly in the Society Hall, daughter to be taken without a certain amount of horses given in return, and, if the young Thursday, Jan. 6, 1888, to celebrate their first following passage of his "Reminiscences:" '"She has been com pared to the portraits of Savonanniversary, being one year, since the division woman is not pleased with her newly found ot- - the iorinrSocietyT'he-Secreiarie- s ..xeacL arola (who was frightful), and of Paute (who husband she "can uesert him at once, but he an aceouut of the receipts and disbursements though stern and bitter looking, was handsome). cannot recover any of the means given in al-.of .'their respective wards; the means reSomething therewas of both faces in George but. if she ever marries ntrnin in which show the treasuries, these Eliot's physiognomy. Lewes told us, in her. mother will exact a smaller amount than at maining be to in a organizations thrifty, prosperous presence, of the exclamation uttered suddenly first demanded. Condition. by some one to whom she was suddenly pointed Well, I have written more than I at first inand Encouraging appreciative remarks were out at & place of public entertainment- - I betended, but' trust it will not be out of place. made lieve it was at a Monday by Prest R. W. "lyier, Stake Prest. L. concert in St. Ever ptaying for the welfare of Zion, I remain, popular Houd, jStake Counselors E. J. JBeniiet and James' hall. 'That',' said a bystander, 'is George v'. i A'our sister. Laura Skinner, Bishops C. D. White and J. H. Eliot' The gentleman to whom she was thus Maky S. Buknuam. Counselors Thos. Parkinson Smith, Wm. indicated and San Juan, KM., Jan. 10, 1888. gave one swift, searching lobk, and .... Robinson, and Patriarch D. Tyler. exclaimed, sotto voce, 'Dante's aunt!'" Lewes A picnic parly was alsogiveu in the evening thought this happy, and he recognized the kind in the People's Hail, for the members, which of likeness that was meant to the great singer of WOMAN'S VOICE. was, a very enjoyable affair. Ti.e pleasant the "Divine Comedy:' She, herself, playfully countenances and cheerful voices of those presEditor Exponent: .. disclaimed any resemblance to Savoparola. ent betokened that all were enjoying themselves Butalthough such- resemblance was very disDear Sis ter Wklls: In reading down thS to their utmost capacity. An occasional speech, tant Savonarola's peculiarly unbalanced councolumns of the Exponent, I often wonder and recitation intermixed with song, essay ihe tenance being a strong caricature of hers some Ashy there is nothing said-aboPlain City? daucing was duly appreciated. We would likeness there was. Her WTe have been noticed speaking voice wasfl throughout the couutry make special mention of the essay by Sister think, one of the most beautiful I ever heardr for our fine lruits and vegetables, and our Julia P. M; Farnsworth, which showed the and she used it conscientiously, if I may eay pleasant location. lady to be highly gifted in the line of composi- - so." r " s 1 ': il-jh- -- - . tvL-flnt- - ot - - , - efft-et- ' Al-IC- -- - - n : ' . noble-minde- i - . ' , - T . , w-a- s -- . , " t v v-- : . . s, -- . ex-chana- hr o : " - ut " 