The 'Rights of 'Jke Women' Vol. of Zion, and glad-face- I ' ; " . heart-shoul- . home-at-nighl2- ' Wejjhave careful thought' for the stranger? :.. , TO A LITTLE EXILED NAMESAKE. 'Tis a quiet Sabbath morning, ' Like mild and pleasanf spring; The doves coo softly in their cotes, -- . All but the younger two, Whom to send without their mamma yet We think would hardly do. And I, their mother, could not go, ' Though the day- - is so calm-ftm- ifair; little So I'll give the morn to my friend, I know not where. Away ... r-- '. 'v . My loving little namesake, Who now, in her early youth, Has been driven from her happy home, An exile for the Truth. What feelings these reflections bring I ask myself, oh, when Will persecution cease to rage, And men behave, like men? I r .When will the foes of freedom fall, And their foul work be done? When will the slanderer's tongue be stayed? When will the Saints be one? jWhen will our people put away Their "covetousness" and ujridc7" When will their "se!f-wit-" be o'ercome, And their hearts be purified? These questions I leave unanswered, Our Sabbath School is out; The children are all at home again, And circling me about. Four rosy, bright-eyelittla boys, So full of life and fun, I may as well put by my pen, And call my letter done. d , ' 1 Feb. 12, i838. A 1 i- - ' ' ' , . LULA. - over-estimat- The Young Ladies of .the Mutual Improvement Association) the daughters of Zion! Who are' they, and what do they accomplish under this title? They are the future mothers of our Associations, Church, who, by attending-thes- e are going to fit themselves for the great re sponsibilities that will "rest upon their future lives. No daughter o Zion who has become a e name-is-enrolleion-. theJ . . records, should ever say . her life is aimless. There is a great, mighty and noble work lying just before us, just as the bliie ocean lies out beyond the rocks which line the shore, and we fully realizethatrwecanx)vercome difficulties only by strong and determined efforts, and in dgingQiLfiomftthinty better than we have known. We are taught that we should work for others' good rather than our own pleasure, for a noble deed is a step toward God. Without a desire to1 improve, we would not make the effort; hence these Associations, like the summer sun resting down upon the tiny acorn , which causesthe germ of life to start till it shoots and grows the mighty oak and becomes an ornament onGod's earth,plants the desire for improvement, religion ana virtue into our hearts, so that our liyes will stand as living monuments, worthy of imitation,"' an ornament to society, a help to our fellow creatures, and a useful instrument in bringing out God's principles on earth. Could wemake this improvement if we did not found .our Jives and acts upon religion, or if we belonged to any other people? A thousand times, no! Without our religion we would be as a wandering star, a voiceless bird, a motion less brook. Are our numbers small compared to the universe? They are, but compare f by our strength,' and you will find that no other people can compare with us. In these Associations we niake pure friends, who will weep with us in our distress)' and that , will dare to stand .forth in our defense when destruction secretly aim3 its weapons at our reputation; and when , deprive$of our fathers our-number- '; iirit-.-rt:-:- - FEW STRONG THOUGHTS. . The children are off to Sunday Sckool, V ; memberand-whos- Birds in the tree tops sing. ; ' No. W: r Follow their course, and prize the Truth Far more! than the richest pearl; And the Lod will bless and keep you safe, Dear little exiled girl. . Australian Star. , . value the friendship of faithful Saints, and truer- An4ieem 4t an honor good and great-.Tha- t they gave my name to you. I L And smiles far the sometime guest, But oft for "our own" , The bitter tone, Though we love "our own'' the best. Ah! lips, with curse impatient I Ahl brow, with that lock of scorn! 'Twere a cruel fate Were the night too late To undo the work of Ihe monw They will bring me the "Family Bible," And I'll read of the Son of God, That we all may learn and strive to walk V In the lowly, path He trod. . i " " 7- me Please kiss your gentle mother, And hug her, too, for me; Tell her I fondly await the time, ... When her face once more I'll see. - . Nations- our uioujers, our kiuuicu ueur, wno uuve 10 conceal themselves from our view, and are torn rudely away from our-hocircle, wo sisters are ever ready, know that our spiritual to comfort us and pour the balm of kindness on our saddened and wronged hearts. Can tho world boast of, such sacred religion, sisterly .ties? "Look into their society,, mingle with, them, even for a day, and, you will readily perceive the shallowness of their unnatural friend ship; it is as unsafe as the serpent which was put to the human breast to revive unto life; while watched and handled with care, it lay harmless, but as soon as the care ceased, it turned und stung its preserver. We are rich in a treasure which is beyond the reach of wealth, in our true friendship for each other, and while feeling thus, we could believe that angels, from such friendship, easily -1 i 71 , couia gatner-naimeir joys. umi. iour. uvea umy iutj, isu leu us an so, live . ' mac wnen we mix wun ine pure ana spotless look into our eyes, they and their eyes world, could be dazzled by their purity. : these All the qualities gained by organiza-- ; tions will serve to make the Young Ladies of the M. I. A", better daughters, better wives and the better mother?. We cannot moral and woman's religious: strength of without exist would not world the character; her. Woman first lays her hand on the baby face; she awakens the first thought, she awakens the first impressions; she raises the prophets, seers and revelators; she puts the desire for Holiness into their hearts, for it is at her knee they are first taught the ways of God; success, happiness, intelligence and wisdom, also follow - Remember, my darling little friend, Though we are so far apart, "J. With thoughts of you,-- a fervent prayer, ' Dwells ever in my heart. For though in the quiet evening I tnay give you the kiss of peace,.Yet it might be That never for me -- The cease L d pain at the How many go forth in the morning That never come And hearts have Been broken,. . By harsh words spoken. That sorrow ne'er can set right. , of the Women:of' all Jits d little girl, Katie, the Though not our very own, Is just as joyous and as free, And the fact would not be known. had known in the morning How wearily all the day The words unkind Wonld trouble my mind, I said when I went away, I had been more careful, darling, Nor given you heedless pain; But we vex "our own" With look and tone We may never take baek again. If g SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MlROII 15, 1888. .16. OUR OWN; ; Me.--Ri- . s i e in the train of each member of our Mutual Improvement Association. A. E. A. Nenhi-L. M. I. A. Y. LOUISA MAY ALCOTT. This celebrated authoress and "benefactor of households," died on Tuesday, March 6th j two days after the death of her distinguished father, A. Bronson Alcott. "Louisa Alayi Alcott, daugnter oi A. xJron- A 1AAU n n) A ViUtt- - XTft tlTO a krt.n n Germantown, Pa., Nov. 29, 1832, while her father was at the head of a private school in Philadelphia. When he returned to Boston in 1834, and opened his1 school in the Masonic Temple on Tremont Street, he conductecf her education in that school or at home until his removal to Concord in the spring of, 1840. She "' was taught in Concord by Miss Mary Russell, now Mrs. Marston Watson, of Plymouth, and for a short time by Henry Thoreau, as well as by her father. She accompanied the family to Harvard, a small town near Lancaster, where he opened a small community called 'Fruitlands,' in 1843, and remained there after the establishment was discontinued in 1844. The family then returned to Concord, occupying for a few years the cottage called 'Wayside afterwards purchased by Hawthorne, and - his home at the time of hi3 death in 1864. About 1848 she came with her family to live in Boston, and soon afterwards .began to write for the newspapers her. first contribution, a story, having .been printed mthe Saiwrday Evenhig Col. Glapp, now editor of the Boston' Gazette Journal She published, late in 1853, while living in Boston, her first volume, 'Flower Fables,' which was last winter reprinted by A 1 