LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL; - BY M. J. TANNER. . entrance of the Park wejUke a carriage-anget through the lieaiitiful drives. I. think onelcould spend .day sphere and never, a Jake wish tire of the scenery.. litre-i- s boat, and some swans are floating about on the'water; here is a place sfiaded with treesr and seats are arranged for a large numbtr here is "a hollow or ravine, where one might take his favorite took and spend a few shours in solitude, or enjoy a delicious tcte a Ut,e - with his 'best-girlThe grass looks like velV dande-lioifvi'-- t spangled with stars; I never, thought were' so pretty before, but their yellow heads peeping up" among the grass form a I shall not soon forget. 'J here ate " picture. nine miIes"of carriage roads in the Parkland it winds about until one is. lost as: to locality. There'are also roads for equestrians' and roads for pedestrians, and one is not allowed to go on the other's road. They are all smooth and and one must not step on the grass. clean, There are trees of every variety of shade and foliage", and some, are covered with white blos- " sbinsf whlcfr fil the" air wit h'cfftrnie? AVe have not time to stop' at all the places of interest, but when we come to the Art Mu- - AV the' d a-'Fi- ; -- ' s. " 1 . . is so. much ...tbat is lovely that it is impossible to. describe it. JSome" of, the finest sculpture in the world, I suppose, is here. Here is Cleopatra and Semiramis, Gcethe and the Greek Slave, Dante's Inferno and Cain, and more than I can possibly enumerate. Here are specimens of ancient statuary; I am not posted as to what they all represent, as my guide book does not explain it. No doubt they are relics of seum-w- e tonnd-gx--througLit-IT- ere rurastbutas-a-representati- y. te daughter cuquet'tisldy inviting the attentions of a khiekerbocked beau- - Andmvhat is the behavior for which children arenas a rule, reproved on- the ground of age? -- girl (and girls are, I. think, the more injured in this respect),, will lie told that ehe should givja up playing with dolls "What can a great girl.like that want with a doll?" who is never too .old .to be selfish, thougbthfcs, or impertinent. She is 'chidden fur running, or ot her wUe health fully exercising Jar limbs, a. young lady," and Jadies she never run or romp, they walk wifh sedate and quiet steps, look charming, and keep cool. Every time a little girl "breaks into a natural juvenile .frolic, forgetting: age, clothes, and ap- - pea ranees for a blissful five; miifutes;- she incurs a ri.--k of being pulled up with shocked reproofs and uplifted hands, while a", barrier of i " '.".... keep her in the straight path of propriety: i. e., affectation and She may simper and mince, fuss over the fashions, and chatter about sweethearts, regard- iu uic ..jigui ui u w;sai- sire lug t v ci ble admirer, and discuss with repellant precocity the matrimonial prospects of her grown-'- .' . ' - be-cau- se :' '. -- - OFFICIAL DELEGATES. Philadelphia, Feb. 25th, 4sSS. Ta The-Woman'- ' Tribune: s A ' Through your columns! wish to correct two mistakes which have "occurred owing, it is uggestedta arlackrofplainnesstin the wwdmg of the Call of the International Council, of Women, issued, by the committee of arrange- ments June lst,T887. "Representative organizations," ' 7 were intended to refer to nationally organized bodies, or (where in any work which had assumed important dimensionsnone such existed) to such parent associations ' as were regarded as of primal importance by the other organizations in the same 'line of" work. Irr accordance with this plan, for the National W. C. T. U., the World's W. C T. U., the British and .Canadian C. T. U. were all invited, the number of delegates mentioned in the invitations varying according to the estimatedjmportance of the organization. The impression exists in some quarters that local W. G T. Unions are free to send delegates to the Council; this is a mistake. uj js-u- too big tor all this, mat is, m such a as I "am now supposing; many, happily, are far . i otherwise Yet, ifthe is sufficiently robust to mind innocent enough not let her do both' as - i : child's' physical being enjoy a romp, and her to love her. doll, why, long as she can'?,. She e, ; anti-qirit- . hornesrprobably, of theii)ulls"aii(r,lbearizvc saw at the exchange in Wall Street. Wc see- a te'nament house; it is called 'a French Flat," and is fifteen stories high. We take the elevated .railway; the cars, on it are run by steam, and we soon come to Grand Street. Here we part with Bro. Hart; J thank .him for all his kindness, and bid him goodbye', for rL shall riot see him again before leaving ;IN few York. We get home very-tire- d and hungry; we; have feasted .our eyes and on rears, 'everything, in fact, hut our stomachs'. It is certainly a day I shall never forget - of art it' mud modern children's as with art compares pottery does with beautiful china ware. Here, too, is a collection of pottery; it is very crude, and, no doubt, derives its value ;f rom its Here are sarcophagi or stone coffins; each one has a printed label, telling when ami where it was procured, and what the carving We' go up "stai rs ": to on it , represents. picture gallery; here are paintings by the old The International Council, though called, by masters. Christ is represented iu difTerent ithe National Woman SufTrage" Association is sceness and by different artists; the head of Convention of the N. W. S. A. the Annual ;not John the Baptist is also represented according This, convention is announced for April 3rd to the conception of the- different1 masters, and 4th; and delegates elected by state or local There are also landscapes and portraits. Here woman suffrage associations upon the new basis is the portrait, of Alexander Hamilton, whoseof representation of the N. W. S. A, are deletomb we saw in innity Church Ctmetery. In gates sim ply-t- o the annual convention and not the, west gallery are pictures by modern masters. to the International Council of Women. We have not time to examine them all, but I "Rachel G. Foster. must confess, be it goodTaite or bad, I most S. Assoc'n and Sec'y of W. Cor. Sec'y Nat'l admire the works of the latter period. One Com. of Arrangements for the Internaneeds to be strong of limb and lithe of muscle ational Council of Women. , to, walk around among it all; and it takes a good pair of eyes and a clear head to see and understand it. I could "stay here for days and find something to admire. AN AUNTIE'S NOTIONS ABOUT 1 " The time draws near for-- closing, so we CHILDREN go out and walk to the obelisk, a short distance The obelisk, sometimes called CleoAmong the many new developments, useful, away. patra's needle, is certainly a great curiosity; it ' educational, and scientific, of the present age, is a straight shaft of rock, reaching very high; there is one which' we certainly cannot regard the dimensions have been given many times, with unmixed satisfaction, viz.:. the tendency butT am not familiar with them; it is square our children-t- o "grotf-up-- as and tapering; it stands on a pedestal, and from rapidly as possible,. regardless of consequences. under each corner extends huge black claws, Some youngsters seem to have very little real childhood left in them; toys are at an early age resembling the claws of a lobster or, crawfish. Every side is covered with figures and discarded with . contempt, and dress, and formal calls modeled as closely characters; every character, no doubt, has a meaning if we could, but decipher it. Time as possible on the pattern of their ekfers-tak- es and atmospheric action has dej'aced it in. some their places- - And many parents who places and worn it entirely smooth. 7The few would be shocked at encouraging such worldli- i years it has endured our climate have injured ness as the above betray a strange eagerness it more than centuries of the burning suns of for their children to prematurely become like Egypt. There'ls talk"of trying to cover it men and women, not in name only, but in from the Else we should not so atmospheric changes, but it will cost thought an immense sum. We enter a carriage and often hear the remonstrance, "You leave the Park. The carriage hire is a great must not do so; you are getting too big," ancient on or note t1iemeajiing smile of pride and gratifl- catidn swith vhich a mother sees her small convenience; - we r pay twenty-f- i ve cents for. a, ticket, and can stop at any place of special interest; we can continue our ride on any carriage of the same line until we leave the Park. We see somedjeautiful residences in this vicinity ,the - - - to-enco- urage - . -- . and-feelin- well-wor- n so-an- d parties,-flirtations- , surely be the. only right time. A bud that is allowed to open naturally, even if tardily, to 1' . : 1 .. .. . i V'":1 i musvueveiup 1111,0 a more pt?rrect and beautiful flower than one whose petals i ine-suussuiu- were impatiently 'torn apart before their hour ' bad come. A sadder, though iu some nspects perhaps less immediately .harmful notion is that which supposes a child, boy, or girl, to be at a certairr age too old for i the, accustome(iexpRssi()ns of Some, yoii'ng people, no : tenderness and love. . and try to avoid everything which savors of babyhood. This is not the sweetest spirit, but if natural cannot be easily helped. . Butit is little one to find ; hard for the loving-hearteherself when 'craving for a cuddle--eve- n good-size- d children feel like that sometimes even ' .1 . . i 1. . i i - iii ii . gtjutiy ie)ui3fu vmi me jcmiuue,!, mat sue is 'orpffincr tnn Wicr,f fnr tbttt. snrt nf't.h d , it-- - . . . . 1! iviiorr. in"p i.n tin HI .."".r1 i'kh lauici n "7.7. nicrht. hv mamma ' too hi ow for tlio -lrno-j i v. j or 1 ill!'O ui nu, nil iin" . .r ; fit. l rsimilar 7 . . -- 'o put uaiutj i stttet auureviuiion; too big, if a boy, to be kissed; top big by degrees for all the small tendernesses and comforts of -- a little human lobster child-life- , being continually pushed out of its shell before it h ready for the change! Don't fancy, fathers and mothers, that you will make of your children self reliant men and women a day sooner by weaning them thus early and unsatisfied from the parental love. . The heart that is denied its natural food will shrivel and ldier nr seekaliment less wholesome elsewhere. , I have sometimes wondered if ever a young to accept the brandishments of an unworthy lover, whom she might never have been tempted to encourage had she received all the tenderness she longed for in her mother's arms. As I hinfpd at the close of mv last nanpr. children should never be allowed t feel that they can grow beyond confiding all their inougius auu jeeiiugs iu intir mouier. iney do so spontaneously at three years old, why not at thirteen? girl has been urged by. spirit-hung- er . It a girl shows signs of thinking herself too old to be taking her mother into her confidence . 