v WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EXTRACT Fkom a ..Letter-- Written to tjuv Wom ans Tribune, Beatrice, Neisk ask, and Dated at White Rocks, Utah. The remoteness of Hhe agencies from -- while settlements has prevented my mingling with the Mormons to any very great extents However, by way of business, I have made several flying visits to Ashley, Utah, where I met some women (Mormons), whose hospitality and kindness are uxTrthy, of mtntion. They speak of Jbeir disfranchisement as the temporary loss of "their ijirthnghl," and exhibit surprising fctoicism7which is nurtured and fostered by the belief that Utah, will be"admitle'das a"stale, before many years, ai d that by the same legislative act, franchise will be restorecf to .the' Mormon women. One intelli gent woman told me she was not chagrined at. being deprived of the bajlot, since the government ' had given her a. dower in her husband's property, which she thought was; more desirable than the privilege ot voting. . These women are ardent, devotees to their religion, and are slow to adopt new ideas, or any class p fjj eraturejnto jt heir h use holds that do not pertain directly or indirectly, to their church, doctrines and covenants. noble-hearte- d ' . f Fan me A. Weeks, Supt. Indian Boarding School. li. S., L.M, V. 1. A. & IV A. REPOU l, conference of the Report of the ladies' Relief 'Society of Bea ver Stake, held in the Latter-daSaints' meeting hotyjieaver City, March 2,1SS3, Prest. Lueinda Howd y 1 1 . ladies-presen- - r 4 a Si-t- - .. - . - semi-annua- A Okpiiix - UEAVKtt STAKE. presiding. Prest Howd addressed the conference. Said and said it iv our privilege to enjoy the Spirit as she of God in performing our duties. " We ought she should not1 take upv much time, ' and ex wanted to hear from the bishops, Expressed in her haiitl." pleasure at the good attendance, notwith, ample go hand never seen anything .standing; the inclement weather. She felt glad jter I) lila Cox-ha- d t, in the principles to see so many of the you ng to weaken her faith "ft f-is. Tor to attend is them ions" e these rs ) the th , act 'It not of the G os pel good meetings; it wives and mothers. will better will make of them. actions or own save that but our condemn, The older sisters are passing away, and the and exalt us." ? - r"S. M, Dell spoke of the different ways 1 young ladies must take their places, and they should prepare themselves for the respon-ubiliwe are constituted; that .om are much' more gensitivehan others, and how careful we ought ties that await them in the future- .- We have' to be in word and deed, not to wound or offend a great mission to perform, and we should set thV; feelings of our brethren and sisters.. our laces like fliut agahis't'wickedness, counsel Sisters Mary Davis and Or.is.sa Robinson our children in righteousness, and try to per-- . form all our duties." Spoke of. the duty of bore their testimonies, and desired to" prove the Relief Society iu caring for the poor, and faithful. L Prest. J. II. Murdock addressed the conferthe gathering and storing of grain. ence. Expressed his approbation of the work Bishop C. I). White said he was pleased with so see tlie felt and to of pleased Society, many the work the sisters had performed, and felt to. be must their "We to duties, perform trying appreciate their labors. Spoke of the lack of in of the God, strictly disciplined government .faith manifested by so many, in employing' the and the trials we are undergoing at present doctor,' instead of relying upon the ordinances time are to prove us to see whether we will God has revealed for the healing of the sick; ; keep the commandments of God or not. We "If we. expect to walk in the path God has inu-- t learn to respect the rights of others, and wrked iMW render to every man and woman that, which is and He will carry usThrough safely." due to them. Sustain all lawful authority, Bishop J. X. Smith alsappreciatexLthe ironurrreric-thoridri'ea- r yrur children in theLLiabors of the sisteriniLwQulcl-nijtJvowio- V "fear andadiiioiiition of The Lord; Tea crntrem to get along without 'them.- - (We should teach to pra v and to' have faith, that the v may be our children to pray, and they will have more able, to withstand th flood of infidelity that is faith when they grow Up. The Zion of God,:, submerging the world. Subject yourselves to that shall be built up by the celestial law, will the hoi Jaw of God, that you may remain be great and glorious, and we need to begin fo faithful in the trying scenes through which ourselves for this great- work. Tfie The speaker gave preparewill you" may have to pass." show forth mighty power in our many; other 'good instructions, and was listened' deliverance, aud we must put our whole trust to wit; i interest by 'all present. in Him. Try to increase in faith and in the Confeniici adjourned until 2 nrm Sin2in2. Spirit of the Lord, that, we may be, enabled to Benediction by Bisho'p J. X. Smith. perform the -- labors He designs us to accom- 2 Afternoon- - session, Prest. .piish." p.m.: "V"" , nrcsidrnirstatistical arid llowd The Bro. Wm. Fotheringham expressed himself 4hen read, showing that in hisusual forcible, t financial reports-we- re eloquent.and interesting the different' branches of the Stake were in a manner. "The employment of doctors by this , .good condition. shows we have departed from first people Stake Counselor Emma IL 3ennett was the . principles, ami we need a great wakening up, first speaker. "The reports and testimonies we and, as the Lord live3, we shall get it. We " have heard' are very imcouraging, and; show must prepare'1 ourselves'TorrtheOjiiing of the that th.e sisters are striving to help t carry on --Great Master, -- .even Lord, and follow-the this great work. This S oci e ty was-- rga n i zed this' planet for Jehovah, who came down for a wise purpose' and the Prophet Joseph" our salvation. Let us be on; careful of our words, said the organization of the Church was not for we must give an account- -' of them. We complete without it; must have a greater regard for our fellow men, We be must with love" and filled and strive to benefit them, that we may receive ciiaf ity J.u wardsali4Avejieed no raged- -j Uod, which will save and ex-aat trials, for' they ire Jieccessary to keep us T)lh"trSpifiroT ' us." humble, and cause us to rely upon God and rWtifHhrihtrTiday-ii- r put our whofe trust m Him; if we will do this He ''will .never fail ;us.r We must sustain one September. , Singing by the choir. Benedic'another as officers and members, and be united, tion by Bro. DanielTyler. Louisa Jones, Stake Sec." for this is pleasing to the Lord-- " The speaker made many other good remarks, and exhorted, the sisters to be diligent in the performance of all their duties. ANNIVERSARY. ' Sister M. E. Murdock had felt greatly interested in the minutes and reports, which show ; The anniversary of the Relief Society of the is that a good work "We Second Ward of Provo was held in the ward being performed. must not hold feelings one toward another, as house, March 1, 1888, commencing at 7 o'clock. this will grieve the Holy Spirit and cause it to The ward were iuvited- to attend to hearjjhx 'depart fr ;.m us." Gave good advice with re- yearly reports of Secretary and Treasurer. gard to our children, and thought we ought to There were on the stand Bishop J. W. Loveless, send them to the Primary, as there they are Abraham Halladay, Evan Hyde. Prest. Sarah taught f,he principles of the Gospel. "May we A. Scott, Counselors Matilda Loveless,' and run the' race through, and eventually, gain the other officers of the Society. After partaking of picnic, and the yearly reports were read, the prize we" set out for." Sister McDanough bore her testimonyand evening was spent in appropriate addresses, said as shediad mademauy sacrifices, she was delivered by the above named brethren and ibrlhe looking blessings to follow "Prayer is sisters, interspersed with songs and recitations. a great help, f if we will gs in humility be-- . At 10 o'clock all took part in dancing until 12 fore our Heavenly Father and ask for His o'clock, when Bishop J. W. Loveless, in behalf He will not withhold them?' Spoke of the Society, returned a vote of thanks to blessings, of the training of the childreu,aud the necessity Bro. Giles for his kindness in" rendering instru-meiitof our Wing unitcdrth.at the blessings of God music'tbr the occasion, and thanked all be with us. who nught had contributed towards the entertainment The Stake and local officers were presented during the evening. and unanimously sustained. Eliza D. Buown, Secretary. the settlemen ts, except M i ners-vill- e; were well represented. After, the usual opening exercises, Sister Ruth Tyler, Prest. of 1st W ard, Beaver, Wid the sisters in her "ward were try ing to take care of the poor and perform air their duties.' ''The labor of caring for our families is great, but we must try. to devote a portiorTof our time to the work1 of the" Lord, and lie will bless"u? with His Holy Spirit, and peactaud uuiou will Aprevail in our midst." SisUr Hattie Fotheringhurn, Prest. 2nd Ward, Beaver, reported her branch as doing W e should well; there were no hard feeliu J. to overlook One another' faults and cherish try a spirit of forgivejejstoMail We .should Try to improve our minds and bless those around us." . PresL Sarali Jones, of Adamsvitle,, said the sisters there were doing well considering their numbers, which were few. "There "is a good attendance, and all feel " well and to help one . another." Prest. Ann Richards, of Greenville, said they had 'had a great deal of sickness among the sisters, but they felt well in the work of the Lord, and were trying to prove faitliful. Minersville Ward was not represented, owing to the sickness of the President and both Coud-selor- x - - - -- -- 6 -- . Lbe-disc- . ; . ou lt . " . . s. - Stake Counselor, Laura Skinner, felt that there was everything to encourage us in the work of the Lord. "Our wick are healed, and the promises of the Lord are verified according to our faith." Prayed that the Holy Spirit, would enable us to endure to the eud, iuas much as there is no promise, only to ;thoso who do so. Sisters . ' - Mary Campbell, Mary Tal ton and Margaret Pierce hpre their testimonies. Thought we ought to attend meetings and answer to every call. "We must study the of the principles Gospel, because the more we study th. m the grander they- appear and wv will strive to carry tljlm out.".. Sister Marv Ashworth bihties of, mothers iu raising ttaeir children - the-.mor- -- . al e 