' ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. .. 1.1, .i nranr L,JAtia'f '. i u- ma mine, anui mere are oiners; each country has its ownr It isjnpt the country TO LOUISE. v of a gown that was old ere 'twas new; 'Twas commenced, I believe, in eighteen eighty-two- ; '.. '. Au Mell she began,, T,a I sin's s ' " oiiuica, some, lands iar 11 . " se . -- Her mamma did not ask, v ; finish the to Mtli, task, " Being quite too polite to suggest " 'twould not fit -If she waited much longer ere finishing it; " Jfyit she thought,' I am surey ' ..',.' The making a failure, ... r' And wondered what, planet hadlseWfitlbTalastltT-Bu- t ah! V e'l, a day, How time slips away, 'Twas two years yfc, three, I'm ashamed to confess iV Ere this gown it was finished, from neckband to gusset. And time, without warning, had played us such tricks, "Z. 'Louise had outgrown the original fashion, L The skirt must be lengthened, the belt have a sash on, h, years had elapsed, and the cbild was near six. f-- " . , . r . " ' So, at length, Auntie Mill, " (For. the gown it war-well.Remov'd to the mountains, in seclusion to dwell; And thinking the quiet would aid her endeavor " To finish this gown, (better late, friends, than never) ' She "fell to" "again," . W ith , might and with main. She stitched . every seam, and hemmed every ruff, She scratched all the gathers, and whipped every puff, . 'Tis finished the! to. last length, very stitch, ' Ev'ry button is fast, and 1 scarcely know which To admire the most, the patience or pattern; ....V; '.. One thingrs pliin, in sewing, Aunt Mell is no slattern. The most critical eye Would farl-t- o descry, ' A stitch to put in, take out, or gather awry. The victory's won! ; ; " -- " ; " At Ust is done . .. And I verilly believe, never under the sun, 'V Was a gown, so long making, so early begun. In wandering where one seeks forgetfulhess, and so far as voids all commonplaces, possibles it is sweet to glideTeisurely along such rivers as the Rhine, where everystone and mound has a gaunt or thrilling legend; or to climb an alpine mouptajn, where every step must be taken with, caution, and every badAard Took, fortells a danger, or to travel to some spot where greatness dwelt and tales of those famous in the pages of history , whether as monarehs, warriors,' In his works we forget orgemuses.are.told. an author lived and breathed and loved and aiea, we stud v not the man. hot fi Tmrrmtina man, after yar& hen travels over the earth to seek the early homes aiutj .uuwe learn 01 tne man s rue life; they tell us, perhaps, that here he ruerene" wroteorTTere he died and latrehe lies buried. A stone marks the spot, Rfanr11 a neightring a statue towmaybe, vu ""vluul uio a .7 J b.tyw,.v.tiu bonng church or abbey can be found a : : ; , -- 2 monument to hi fomo vu. t.r . f uuumeiJt3 their works live forever in the 1 f 0 bilakespeare's memory nhat could the aflections of so great a man: ' . .. ,. ..?uusetran'-..'ex'hileratiui- .P r - itta rlr al bTeutouie-- a ' - Author's life; we visit-thhome where he was born, we walk in the pnths he trod; we cull a flower or a leaf from his grave, and we ask, "What of him? What know you of his'enrly lite?" Who would think of goin to Scotland and not visiting the home of her favorite bard, Robert Burns, and with "that name how instinctively do-w- e couple the name of his High land Mary. When ve turn from Shakespeare's no 111 e, now., namrauy we wauuer towarus ziuu Hathaway s cottageM and after visiting his grave what more can be done than to seekfor her's. Yearly hundreds of travelers go over ' the same hallowed spots, think over the past of great men's lives, and as they stoop to pluck a flower, perhaps a few drop a tear over the graves of their early loves, whom they know to be the themes of these great men's sons. How little does the world know 6f these maifs who so enjoyed "llieif cohfidences, and m had the. happiness to assist, or at least suggest with some ot the works thatmowgive us such delight. Of the men themselves, everything remains; they have become to the world through their genius immortal; of the women what a a yet that grave-igrave only memory, notfbecause the one who lies beneath achieved for herself any greatness, but because sh,e-- was 01 greatness the beloved. t-l-lL England had no other fame more; than she was the home of Shakespeare, that alone would be sufficient to draw the stranger to her home, for in himself is he not a study? , Italy attracts for many things, but she needs none other when she claims a Dante for her son, and Germany ranks with England and Italy, gi eat among greatest, for she has in Goethe a genius a3 great as either. And thece are the men of whom men write; that each was in himself a department of knowledge, one belonging to the medeivai world,, one to the great epoch of ,the Renaisence, and one to modern times, and that a study of Dante, Shakespeare or Goethe would be worthy the best seasons of a man's life, f And these men loved and were .like others', softened by the 7 r gentle influences of womankind... ' As we traverse the broad country of Germany On every side in all her largest cities and in almost every hamlet; the eye rests on monu jnent3and statues erected tohe: inemoryit her greiitestgenius1 Gotthe -- art hasjexcelled itself in honor to his fame, but ther&dies in a more touching memorya monument to his aflections near the little village of Sesse'nheim stands on a wooded hill & pretty arbour, where the young poet spent, many hours in - happy converse with his early love, a place for that very fact ' now almost a sanctuary, where the many admirers of Goethe make their pilgrim ages, and a lew wander rarther on that oeautuui way where the mountains of the ;331ack Forest ? h L". Sea nd i n a vi an - races- -. and flourishes largely in the East and West There are three Indies and Hinduotau.1 elements united in the liorseshoe place, it is crescent Vliaped; secondly, it is a portion of ahorse, and lastly it is made of iron. Popular superstition has long endowed iron with protecting qualities.' During the time, of the plague in Rome the inhabitants of the Eternal City drove, hails in the walls of their houses as against the dread disease. When the Arabs in the desert are over-t- a iii-thefi- rst e . Camelia. The old superstition of nailing a horseshoe over the door of a house a- - a protection against evil spirits and an aurauco ofgot.)d luck is as., widely spread in the United States as it is in England or Ireland- It also prevails among -- d - LUCK IN HORSESHOES. - of-lau- : Nfan's greatness, fame and goodly deeds : like a triumphant wave; Sweep the't-artBut his heart, his dreams, his inner life Lie buried in the grave. d . tat WANDERINGS. o'r the valley of the go tUm.h ut. wh 0 oilce her glorious sunsets, her delightful climate, but these things alone do not render countries Lreatr Nature has been so impartial "tli'at her bountiw. nave oeeu bestowed in every clime, and it needs more than a 'beautiful j air or a fine mountain scene to tempt man to wander over rnile and sea, it is the romance of a land that fenders it interesting . thatT lurei" theiBtriangerlb herlh"or'e.: W h en we enteral an d w lie re any autho r lived we look for the 4iomely details of that -- m . wander ken byit helileadly; sim 00 ti l'rom heaven by crying, ''Iron! iron!" Celtic, all Fiunbh-linagree that Welsiriuperstitions s consideredhe only against witchcrnfLjran-iguard. Custom even recites that it has always been considered a good omen to find old iron, and particularly to find an old horseshoe. In the mythology of England horses were and are in to this day looked upon as is still it of some parts England nowadays of disease' can b& thought hattnaHy-rorm- s cured by burning a horse alive. A horse's hoof placed under an invalids' bed is considered a specific lor mauy complaints in the north' ofScotlaud. Many years ago in Ireland, so it is said, upon the death of a horse its feet and legs were hung Up in the house, and even the hoofs are kept sacred. All of which, it k claimed, serve as a preventative of ill luck or 7 , d lucK-hrUiger- s These rhymes are indited in kv6 and contrition,.; To my niece; who never, by voice,-o- r petition, uLsPinS1i?t beauty, by a .tear or a frown', Has entreated her Auntie "to finish that gownf'l ' : Oct. 1888. Murray, 27th; T JttntainO bast their sombre shadows placid Neckar to the little cemetery ofyMeien heira-.tbtand by the, tomb of TredeHca Brion and .indulge in fanciful thoughts of this young German maid whoe nahie is now almost for- s genius. ujut cuumry 13 I irue, exceedothers in beauty and lovliness, yet each has its own peculiar pnases. . Y endmire Ireland- - for -- its verdant- beauty, and Scotland forits highlands-an- d rocks and lakes, England for vJts wondrous cities, its magnificent parks, ,its 'forests and green . lanes," Norway for ,its pine3 and firs, Switzerland for her stupendous, snow-cla- . . Upon grandma's plan, --- Xo make for her niecvevery stitch was by hand,7 From whipping of puff to Lemming' of bend.p. ,.. ABress, if you please, ' ... For little Louise; A dimpled young darling, who M?'was perhaps, The age of eighteeh months; and who took daily naps,; I said deganxi; ' Some unlucky planet, -Interrupted the making, when 'twas but cut out; What with clubs and. .with topicsand gadding about, -a basket; The gown was neglected and lay . and draws a tnai-attrac- ts 91 disease. s. ; : . ven'tn New York, among a certain class, the horseshoe may be seen nailed up over many song a house or hop door. The a Edward which was sung by Harrigau few and, years ago made .a lastingtheimpression, luck attending served to remind, many of old iron shoes. One of the stanzas was: well-know- n told in Irish history, Far beyond the days of King Boru, That luck will surely always wait upon you If you pick upon the road a horse's shoe." "There's a story that is On account of its form historians state that the qualities formerly accorded to the crescent have been transferred to the horseshoe.. The Chinese Jtiuud their 10111 us ai ine present uay lilr '. linrspshnft nru iha o i -,1 -- t Moore - use it mineir urenuemur.- - xjuru Nelson nailed a horseshoe to the mast of his flagship Victory, and guarded it. as if it had ; "ZZZi-- ;r been a r: , 1 r? u-- 1 lM-Selede- . dr London, Nov. 3t Lord Tennyson is seri'The-G- ov ously ill from- -a - rhuinaUd-attacernment physicians pronounced him;, last Thursday as recovering. Yesterday he had a critical relapse, v : The Empress of Japan has established a college for women, to be superintended by a committee of foreign' ladies. Two of these are" AmerlcaEs7 twoEugshr and the other two French and German respectively. " k. . . 