i ' T .y.V 4 1 Vol. the Women 17. ?1 l lis f W,-.i:'-.- ' tind. he': Rights of the Wvmcnof .ofZip all Xations. Noi 2. SALT LAKE' CITY, UT All,; JUNE 15', 1SSS. IN, THE TWILIGHT. On a calm, still summer evening, ' When the day Jiad'alrnost sped, And the sun was nearly settfng, And spring and youth had fled, -I heard the voice .of waters, I heard them rippling flow, JJle'tfiij wailing notes of sorrow', the murmurings of woe; .' i For my 'soul was sad and weary With its load of cartJiIy carpy And the "still small voi.ee'1 wjs silenced By the wailing of despair, But while I thus stood 'musing. sky above grew bright, And the moon in all her splendor .r)roye awa y. ibejcLouds xf. nig h tr And her track, like silver gleaming On. the brooklet's dancing crest, Seemed- like an angel speeding " '" ' '. To tell of peace and rest; For my hfe was overshadowed, And its future hid from sight, As I stood' upon the brookside In the shade of coming night." But the twinkling home-ligh- t whispered, "There is work still to be done, . You must wait and labor bravely, For a while the hard race run; ' While the quiet graveyard stretching To the brooklet's other shore. -- Seemed the entrance to an haven : V here the weary work no more; And the moonlight seemed to. promise, As it chased the gloom away, .. Of a brighter life hereafter "" 7" In "realms oi endless day.'' Then my, soul vv'as cheered within me, ' For I thought I saw an hand '.' Waving slpw and gently o'er me, In the moonbeams on the strand, And I heard the sound of voices, J ' r ; As the waters murmured low, Singing hymns of joy arid, gladness, 'That made my spirit glow With a gleam of sunlight gladness, That bore my thoughts away From the sadness that oppressed me,, - Tnthe twilight cold and grey. M A. YoULTON GREEMIALGir. Meadow, Nlay 26x i -- The . - : , For the ExroNFNT. - - ii He Rights of . Til- THE WOMEN OF UTAH. regular; meetings for the purpose of ' speaking upon Gospel subjects, and their missionary l c ;.. i .. poor and the paUces of the rich. Laboring in, such, a field, with such scope, such boundless J freed otn , nee 1 wewoitd errth a a rrynvo rn en '& names illuminate the pages of the world's his tory. What an endless task' 'tv.ould be: to try 1 to enumerate the names of women who deserve immortality for Jheir unselfish and kind works. Our own war of the Rebellion proved that America miirht claim hundreds of Florence' Nightingales, and, we .would ask, 'Ts there a day that ever closes without recording theiind- neses of woman, is there in this w rld a place" where- - her - love for humanity is - not Ivurlv '"- .' 'v '"';.. The recent Convention at Washington daily rehearsed the philanthropies of women; not a pa per - there read , bu t spoke vol u mes - of woman's charity and devotion to humane work. , There were .Madame Bogelot representing the Prison Reform Work of St. Lazarre, Barn, Alice Scatcherd and Margaret Dilke, The Women's Liberal League of New York arid New' Castle, Mrs. Ormiston Chajit, The Women of Scotland, Margaret .Moore, The W omen of Ireland, Ada M. Frederickson, The Danish Women's Defense Society, Piindita Ramabai Sarasvati, The Child widows of India, and many others from abroad, while, our own noble Clara Barton, of the Geneva country-womeCross Society, Frances Willard, of the W. C. T. U., Laura MeNier,. of the G. A. R , Ednah I). Cheney, of The Women's and Children's Hospitals of New England, Jennie Croley, of the Sorosis Society, Amelia to. umten, ot the Women's Nat. Indian Ass?i!,.Mrs, Warden, of. the Grange, and countless oter?rrelated such pages of relief work daily going on, as have never before been placed before the world. What surprise,what wonder , and what gratification it all invoked. Among these great women representing all these International Associations were four delegates from ou f own fair Territory Utah and it was her privilege in this great g thering to have a voice and tell some of the philalthrbpic work of her own women. The fact that Utah's daughters could be represented in such a. vast and grand con shows for itself that our workis no vention, . sho.wn?" - n, . . i i . , i i 1 the Sandwich Is- lands, teaching aiul working with the native. women and children.' Prominent among those who have gone unprotected by husbands, are Dr. Elvira S. Barney andMrs.Mildred Randall. Many have gone among the, Indians, teaching and speaking with them. .There are now some few 'branches- of the 'Relief Society, of Indian women, and. Primary Associations of Indian On r dnmni ted childretr itrHhe- Territorv. woman-leade- r Eliza R. Snow Smith, and Mrs. Emmeline B. Wi4Js, visited the: Indians in Thistle Valley, in 1881, and organized these ioiiL' and trvinLr missions on y -- -- " ' lit j -- .soci'ilLoSj.a fhem asec'.md time, they discovered a marked jrogress had been made. The women were ;" u i te j) ro u d of their needl ework, and sent j some of it to the Stake fair of Sanpete. Among f ' r ji tne mtiiaus in i .i tt i njonne :ox iiuer haps, more advanced. ary Societies were i. worK is, per- The Relief and Prim- there-organize- before d the Thistle Valley Society,- and the .Stake officers frequently visit them to encourage them towards civilized and industrial habits. A home missionary work is acgreat amount complished by the R. S.. women, scarcely a week passing .without some of them traveling into different counties, organizing, instructing arid encouraging their sisters. The Relief Society is in its membership wholly Mormon, having been'organized in 1842, at Nauvoo, by Joseph Smith, and reorganized in Utah, by 13righam Young, in 1S55; its aid is, however, . confined to no class or sect, but is freely given wherever there is need. There are, in Utah, many other guilds or societies of vvomen for philanthfopic purposes, but scarcely could we deem them so thoroughly organized, or , conducted on so grand a scale fas the Relief Society. Each of the different churches has such an one, and much aid is given through them, confined principally, but not entirely, to their own church members. The Catholic Sisterhood distribute freely,. and the Mother Superior says. We give wherever . .- of - .' r,. . - a i t . j M . n . . .1 . U 1.. O T:.-L. !l n Tl. mnnMAii n, ancnvaiw. .,.,..,f uuui, ui uituuuu xiave luey surprise wnen jmiiy o. xwicuaros reao m.r,; built and conduct the beautiful and fine strue- report of the Societies of Utah. It was necessarily brief, as .only ten minutes were allotted ture known as St. Mary's Hospital of the Holy Cross. This was the first woman's hospital in her, but in that short period a complete description of. the organization of the Relief, the Utah, and is one of the finest in the West. The ladies of the Episcopal Church, under Y. L. M. J'."and the Primary Associatjons, to the name of St.. Maik's and St. Paul's Ladies' gether with their; aims and objects, was given-is Guild, do much work for the poor and the en The power M organization very well illustrated by the Relief Society, when 22,000 women couragement of art, expending a large amount are banded together under one organization, of means for charitable purposes. ' Tlie other sects average about an equal diswith united aims and desires, the greatest sucbursement through their ladies' societies, each cess must and does necessarily result. To "this The Hebrew Association is due the advancement ot the magiving liberally every" year. have" also women a benevolent society, and disjority of the women of Utah, not alone in burse yearly among their own poor, i philanthropic but ia missionary, political, eduThere is in Jalt Lake an independent aid cational, journalistic, industrial, medical and art work. Composed entirely of women, the soci ety , com posed en tirely.. of you n g women , which collects from vll classes and disRelief Society might almost be styled a symthey find need. They confine pathetic association; hot only do they aid the tributes wherever class Nthemselve to no or place, but wherever needy, but in the homes of the rich and poor sickness, sorrow, death, or or whenever they happen to see an opportunity eK trouble of ny kind may be, its aid is sent. to extend aid' they do so, until they have beThis organization sustains by annual fees a come quite a young army of evangelists. well regulated hospital, and gives much aid" ". .TheG. A. R. Relief Corp3 so ably represented by Laura McNier at, Washington, has, towards public buildings sometimes completeIts members for the past three years had a branch organisaly furnishing the. interior. tion here, which now has a membership of some might almost consider themselves ministers, for their work is very Similar. They hold 70 Jadies. Their work is, of course, principally .- .- 1 I .. 4 l . PART JT. PHILANTHROPY. ' 'The sympathetic revenge, which is con demned by clamorous imbecility, is so far from bejng a vice, that it is the greatest of all possible" virtues a virtue which the uucor-rupte- d judgment of mankind has in all ages exalted to the rank of heroism." ,. The one great work beyond the home that has e ver been granted to women, th e7onewol-iwhere her &nd heart has, been allowed full sway, the loved work of a true woman's soul that of doing good to others Philanthropy. It i3 the great field where women toil and labor, battle and enjoy without opposition, "'without limitation; where, free and unrestrained, ber voice can be raised to defend, her hand extended, to uplift; where she can enter the dens of infamy uncontaminated and unblamed,and an ever welcome guest in the huts of the f -- . to-d- o alike,-wherev- -- ' 