75; WOMAN'S EXPQMEMTr THOUGHTS OF LIFE AND NATURE The peel's "mind has wandered 0ertthcpath of Mortal life, Oe side seems strewed Vith roses, . 1 brother, thorns and strife. God sent those blooming flowers " TocheeKtheZvreary day, Butlhe thorns will joften prick us " ' As we saunter by.the way. -- i-.v-' V to-t- . " T'r , : cause there were so few of missed them. . jtesar ' m comfortless aspect. No onefanrjured.-ha- j been to blame for this, as eMingjwr it. three tirrVes a day, and the aimostjonatftivpresence ; y J: J Because it's humannature, : -- And the gayest things have changed; God's hands'.have painted nature. And lib colors He's arranged, Life's path always threatened By some approaching stcrm, And the peal of distant thunder Comes to warn us of the harm. 1am-berqui- hy do On the branches'white and tall, their beauty, Only come to show Then v"h the breezes fall? Because DameN'ature calls them To the earth's untidy floor, For they've lived their time appointed, 'time is o'er. And s, Oh ( why are webut mortal?, - The Baroness Gripenberg of Finland had a .reception givher7Yeelri3?foilast7in:S toga, at the house of Mrs. Harriet Whipple Wallace. Among those present were Mrs.. Lucy Stone of the Boston Woman's Journal, Miss "Anthony, fronr Rochester; Miss Caroline -A. Huling, editor of Chicago Justitia; Mr. Albert 0. Wilcox, from New York, and many Several addresses were -: residents of Saratoga. made, and the Baronesses accoiln t"5 0 f women's ' affairs in Finland was heard with much inter-es- t. She is a member of. the Board of Education of Helsingfors, and was a dalegate to the International Council of women. ns x . f tljeir-bloomi- ! Elizabeth Cady Stanton has come out for the Prohibition Party.. The gamblers and criminal classeijof Washington Territorylit" bonfires and rang belb ar!d hurrahed in the Streets when the Federal Judges violated their oaths and- refused to enforce the. woman's suffrage law. According to these Judges due blackleg ruffian has more power at thopolir thanTall the- - wives and1 u 7 mothers. Ex. of the natives, have kept it Ma comparatively If untidy condition. )f late. I am nleased to refeort, Asters Kins and Nellie BeesleyJiave" tak h thelnatter into their own hands-- , anaMhfesult lis really, a sumrise. as well 43: an fiu novation. Lace curtains, with heavily flingeQVel vet drape the windows .fcangifigfromyich r looking cornices. A very? g'oodfctriped covera the Jloor. Tm, diniiijtable has been banished, and in its ikad Jarge center table, covered with a brighi cloth and strewn 'Denis Kearney wa3 "fiohhed" by Sara An- with books, occupies tjie nter M the floor. drews Spencer. At the Chicago Labor Con The? asthmatic organthe anient snl board, and, re the room vention of 1830 he interrupted her, roaring: indeed, every piece fuptu has received a, generous casraoj' v;fiu'Uh. New f'My wife told me if I voted for the women she pictures donated,, in sof&m instances" by the would greet me with a flatiron! Women don't ;Erders,aid in tfte will a&rnmeff The ohf want to vote!" Mr3. Spencer answered, si)fa has been stutied xtL, ft loks almost "Thank you much for telling me which is the apoplectic, theu covered sitth dafeVhandsome .head of the Kearney family." That was the creton, and cushions addedto it;lhe big chair end of Denis. "The , daughter of Zion had has been treated in the same manler, while the laughed him to scorn." He could not get the rane rocking chair is corceousnn two fine convention to hear him,and has not been heard crazy cushions, all of silt and ejvet pieces. from since." The rou?h deal shelves, which asfited the few ""Your name ain't; Tree,. is it?" cried Ange-line- 's walnut ones in formingour midst library, father down the stairs to Angeline's have been. )rightened bjp embr(Adered velvet man as the clock'struck 12. balances or curtains' any a large, fine, office young "N n no sir; m-- my name's clock ticks on the wall.TThe jictures of our sir, stammered the young man. the honored places, beloved leaders hang "Oh, excuse me, Mr. while Daniel Webster frowns Jwn upon us sir," retorted the old man courteously. from a corner; Andersons oil! pUnt'Dg hangs "I might a known your name wasn't Tree, beabove the door, and tbAr)ictur&' of our cause you never seem to leave.J7 Pack, Cluff pjpd Partriflge, and SisAnd then - Mr. Robert Wilkin's7 limbs ter Partridge, all occupl promirl nt positions. and the pitter-patte- r of his- - feet Dear "Maggie" Cluft', aj the nives loc to sprouted, down the broad walk told that he was leaving call her, still smiles upcc'us neurfher huaband, fast as he knew how 7 the only thin x we hJio left (of her ' sweet as wnrtmnlinei3- - AVe.hav no pidure of Sister They were discussing the magazines. 7'That Speight, for wnich we p en exprs our regrets, was a fine portrait of Lester Wallaqk in &r&-- . as we have a" magnified; one oi fjer couipaniuu. ;rrV, Mi?i Brown," said he. AmL how . interesting the Bright colored mats lie (under vales aud Iatnp, "Indeed, ye3. toii add (ft tidies hes toloun thefiiibhini' was last month," said pretty Century chairs and tables. Thyj, whole xJom has an air she. of comfort and eleganqc?, and in'ires everyone ""Wasn't it. And how good the last chap--tcr- s with a desire to behavl one's tft' at one's very of 'Annie Kilbum' are?" said he. ' best. 7 "I haven't read them," said she. All thi. sounds CXfriivflant.Muii nntitlrt nf "Aren't you fond of serials?" said he. "Not verv; I don't mind rice, but I despise the a&i,paintingr(new fpats of oatmeal. Why do you ask?" said she. wnicQ are uemg anuca. msiue npu ou ujer me And ho said, "Good evening Miss Brown whole house), the dels and tasty fingen of the raat-ting- the'apple-blossom- NOTES AND NEWS. til touched me strangely; perhaps Aecafrse I have he away grown very tender-hearte- d is "because it sc$raWjy we from home;' perhaps sva mnAp nnpinii? that our htmibtrMltfrrTI flfS realized or noticed by any oM ; Jearnestly echo your wish for that nearer. acfiaintauee- ship. Now let meive von a little Laie news. You will remember the "big roombr vfoalsit-ting-roo;TAen," if you at the Mission Hou do, you will at the same time'rmll isgenerally And in her gloomy chamber Do we often hear her cry? Why do her wavy ringlets Become so thin and white.' And the eyes that shone like raoming Lose their lustre and their light .': n u.inierMIhave: Your kind and sympathetic wTrd3 have - is the smile of mother, Often broken with a sigh? . ; : ; VVby . - Just sent to stay awhile, L'n.il Thy heavenly angels O'er our whitened biows w ill smile. The gentle summar breezes All whisper in a breath, T hat life is always subject To weakness and to deatli. From M. A.F. TO AUNT POLLY. m W-w-wilki- Dear Aunt Polly: Your pleasantly worded letter has roused ' me from the partial apathy which has fallen over 'things mental" of late, and I am going to steal these few minutes, while my dinner is boiling to try, at least, to answer you. You have alluded in, so truthful and vivid a way to my uneventful life at Laic, whose chief variation consists in wash day, and whose that I shall simply only excitement jf mail-day- , A so!"" say, "It is even I sometimes wish' "that, speaking was done in something the same way a3 writing; for when seldom takes time to write one is angry,-ondown the angry thoughts,. nor do we often write out our troubles, or gossip to our friends. But our tongues go away at a tangent, and things are often said for which we feel sorrow: Since I "have been here, I have but once or twice broken through, a rule I made when I came, and that was, no matter what occurred e , , - The flowers by the roadside Bloom but once, and die; Their green leaves fall and wither ' Oh, some one tell us why? Why does the brightest sunshine Become darkened by the night? A ; Because we are only mortals, And it can't be always biggutj he mti ut the story of the future . Is not easy understood;, summer-pass The calm, bright days of by us like a dream. And the icy path of winter Soon melts into a stream. ! " ,. jjining-tableisiiQ- W Life's composed of clouds and sunshine, Of the evil ways and good. ' here of a disagreeable nature. iKJtifwrwut it ou sisters have done every bit of it all. In point paper for others to read,. But I.fcfe indeed, of dollars, the cost has been small, but as a the account runs as you so thoughtfully suggest; bnadowcd Jaboriof IoYe.:and good-wil- l r:', by heavy clouds of sorrow, ancl apricced up large. se I mustaddTthat Jhe my. teet over many inornypusiciiimy-path. Well, so we do e verywJbTeherefpre, in the middle room, fitted up for the purpose, let me be grateful for. all 1 havfePyecf and tletween thelining-r- o letter is long enc;ioali3fy77 endured. The one is a'.pleasantp&ktlraiice ,rhaps-thi- s life. bother and in "Aunt Em," so I will say no the other, needed lessois yoti uhJtS&r; At present we are very hafptlMsttuated. more jusi now, only that I sincerely send my President KinV8 Wifc aQd bister Neijfe rJeesley A:akha mui-- Editor andireaders Oour live over at me uiaiou ijiouse, uau fff&o juxils J2xioTENT, and beg you, Aunt Polly,Uo ieep . at the kitchen'' work; our family iBeinthepcn1y: a very generous share for yourself. other at present in Laui Hulil '"W&hree sisr ;.:7: J..;r Homespun ters have many cosy times4ogewler.fcid in uo NiB.fTsuspectvho youre, notwithstand-i- nr II. vour reserve. place have I seen a better, morf uiwd spirit ' But for we T 1888. here. exists than maiy rmiaths Laie, Sept. 23, 7 be had have ,no evening services; $n Stnday,. -r .W-w-wilk- ins -- . i , 'Bric-a.bra- " white-washin- g c' -- . - - 3 -- 1 