WOMAN'S EXPONENT. and tcr Hpne in. givirig(jnstructjqn to the .sjsters, in jthe Scriptures say everjone will', be to' the duties pertaining to the Relief So- lhedeeds-cietrewarded orTcondemned regard according to of various Sister in its I done all the work., departments in, body. explained to them the order 14 there was one glory of the sun, another glory of - the starsrand - as -- one- star... "the; moon- - another diifcreth from another in glory, so, also, is the resurrection of the dead. All do not go to one ' place, as the majority of people of of all manner Jl.64daybeljeje.jrjiejSawoi said) sin would be forgiven except the shedding of-- inno- cenTblood, or de'nying the Holy7 Ghost, or the atonement of Chrisf, for that would crucify .the Man of God afresh and put him to an .open '' shame. V; 'This is but a brief synopsis of our conversation.- We reached Jiome onSaturday , evening; Jan. 14, after an absence of Uiree months, having journeyed over three thousand miles. We enjoyed-- , the visits arid but returned with the same feeling as the poet who wrote, , y j ( lorntRT centre Stake of Zion who had visited them, and or "about. I told them it'wasa pure and holy princi. course they were all anxious to see and, hear her. j- - pie of-o- ur religionr:Vhiclv we - knew 40 be as tru R-- . in their 3. the with teacher's j met as She also any other principle of our faith; but that no on of and December them the was on forced or coerced into obeying; but our re- 5th j gave meeting much good counsel. Sisters Hakes and McDonald ligious convictions caused us to, accept it and to in an interesting manlive in the order of plural marriage. I informed also addressed the meeting nerrand an seemeir 10 enjoy uie vimi 01 oisier these ladies that I knew families in Salt Lake City, not of, our faith, who had moretroublc in their Home and lb regret her short stay among them. 8th of the December, Sister Home families, than there was irf the patriarchal order-o- f On Thursday, went over to Jonesville, now called Lehi, situated marriage, or where there was a plurality of wives thaf all four miles from Mesa, to attend a meeting calied among "our people. I explained were not good who had a name in our Churchy and specially for her to speak" to the sisters there. Sister Lizzie McDonald presided. There were' a referred them to our Savior, who taught His disciples that the Gospel was, like: unto a fish net cast goodly number of sisters present, and an excellent into the sea, that gathered of all kinds; but by time enjoyed. 7: . with went the some the of sis. and bye, said I, there will be a separation. Our 15th, Thursday, with meet g the to Relief Mesa ters from Society at doctrine, I told them, did not sanction in anyone. To these ladies I bore a very strong where Alma, two miles distant, and there, she went, they had an excellent meeting, good at testimony to the4ruth, refuting the many false retendance and a good spirit... ports that are circulated about our people ; as I While away. ' and Journeying here and there, expec t to be j udged for my words and acts, I Sister Horne sought every opportunity to do good spokaTnestly and fearlessly, fori knewwhereof I testified, and felt this was an' opportunity to be in districts these remote among the sisters, and need of information asjyelLas "ibeyareTgreatly-i- n improved. I can only give a short sketch of our the-religiou- ; " . to-Hhe- m sight-seein- ." There t tt s g, is no place like home.' " evil-doin- as-ever- 1 Atsome-of-th- e encouragement, meetings Sister Home attended, two members of the Presidency of the Stake Brothers McDonald and Robson were present, and expressed them selves as much pleased with her visit and instruc- - strenirth-an- d " tions. On Monday, Jan. 2nd, 1888, there was a New . Year's party at the residence of Elder Henry Home, in honor of the visit of the father and mother, Bro. and Sister Home of this city, and the Presidency of the Stake and many others were iavited.and they enjoyed a most delightful evening incohversation and such eriTeTUnTment as was most suited to such a happy occasion. On Tuesday afternoon, Jan. 3rd, Bro. and Sister Home left Mesa and went over to St. David's, in Cochise Co., where they visited two of their grandchildren, who are married and settled at that place. On Sunday evening followingat7 OLxlock, Sister Homemetvitrr-speeiai-me- OUR HOLIDAYS IN CANADA. y e Society, called on her account, the local President,' Sister Maria McRae, presiding. It was a very large gathering of both brethren and sisters. Bro. and Sister Horne unexpectediy met with many old friends at Mesa City and St. David's. From the latter place they drove over to Benson, where they were to take the train, but being be hind time stayed at the Hotel' all night, where Sister Horn held quite an interesting conversation with some ladies. She told her husband she didn't mind waiting for the., train, as she "had the chance of talking with these ladies upon our re-- r We will give the interview in Sister ligion. Home's own words, as she related it after her home. "The ladies asked me which way I was travel ing? I told them we were on our way to Salt Lake City. One of them inquired if, we were of the Mormon faith? I answered in the affirmative. That led to some questions, which gave me an opportunity of preaching the Gospel to them and bearing my testimony to the truth. I explained the fust principles of our faitli, which are, faith in God and in His Son Jesus Christ, then repentance for sin, next baptism by immersion for the remission of sins, .then the laying on of hands by one having authority," for the gift of the Holy Ghost fjquoting Scripture to prove that we taught the same doctrine that - our Savior and the Apostles taught in their day. I explained to them the atonement of Christ for original sin, which took away from us Adam's transgression; 'but that we were accountable and would have to answer for our own sins and our works, whether they were good or evil; - re-tu- rn - . , No matter where, the Saints are in the sunny South or snowy North you may depend on their -- being as clieeruland happy as their circumstances " will permit. Such being the case with us, I feel a desire for to know conve.rsationr but- JhelnTmyrsincritxi th Tyedr k ind redahd fri e as at this season ot the year our hearts turn with and earnestness. They seemed much interested in my testimony, one of them particularly asking greater fondness to "our very own" how theiF absent, but not forgotten friends in Canada spent" many questions, .which T: answered according to. ' facts and. . their holidays.principles. ..She said to me that I, had Christmas ..Eve found us all but two sweet enlightened her very much on the Scriptures, more Our to understand. had ever than she expected mamas ..and th ei r very new little Can adi an s conversation lasted about two hours, and when I gathered at the residence of President Card. In arose to retire, they bade me good nightsaying, the kitchen were our fifty children, big and little; in 1 wish was-interested the much one as the front room was. reserved for their parents, and every I replied that I, the centre room was devoted to a larjje Christmas religion they profess as you are.' and compreso broad it loved my religion, as was Santa Claus, who Tree and our suffer to were persecu. willing was fat, jolly, and saucy as ever. hensive, and that we. tion for the Gospel's sake, knowing that we shall The tree bore fruit of a "home made'' nature, as be blest in time and in. eternity, and receive eter trees ought, and from its well laden boughs was nal life if we are faithful in the kingdom of God. ; seen some little token of remembrance for all, for "The following day we left Benson by train Santa had engaged the willing and nimble fingers coming a very, tedious route, changing cars five of ourRelief Society and'Young Ladies' Associaimes before we reached the D. & R. G. At La tions to assist him, as his cash was low, though with Dr Ellis R. Shipp and two little his will was good, for his trip from Utah had the ot remainder the her with traveled and girls, nearly exhausted his exchequer tor this year, but us for was which very home, pleasant journey knowing how happily surprised our children. 7 both, and an agreeable surprise. would be with jus attentions in our new home, he "After we left Pueblo on the D. & R. G. trainf set merrily to work. a gentleman passenger, who found I was going to Hush! don't you hear a horn? Suddenly the Salt Lake, introduced himself to me by saying he J doors fly open; all is silent. A short prayer of had purchased property near the Jordan river, and : praise and thankfulness, and the children march e should make that place nis iuicmrTrom in, gazing on the brilliant' tree, and their much afterwards drifted into a conversation on religion. talked of, but seldom seen, "Santa Claus."-Litt- le He informed me that he was a Baptist by profesJoseph, with his arms around his brothers neck , sion. I told him he would find we were not the says, l almost scart," but his fears vanish when people we were represented to be, and that we he receives his little home made wagon, and soon beli eved in being at peace with all mankind. I they are all supplied balls, dolls, work-bag- s of our religion, first the him to principles explained tidies, etc., etc!, afe distributed, with sweetmeats . Quoting Scripture to prove to him it was the same in little tastie lace stockings, mittens and socks, doctrine taught by Christ and His Apostles. I till such a munching, laughing, joking crowd as said to him, we are accused of every kind of evil, our darlings present is enough to make the hearts even the crime of murder, which are false accusaof the parents glad, and old Santa sweat, which tions, as we know that a murderer never can be he did long before the tree was divested of its forjriven in this world nor in the world to come. fruit. But at last the pleasant task is ended, the "He said he begged to differ with me, as he' tree put to one side, the room cleared, and our . believed all sin would be forgiven if the person young folks dance;, the little ones play games and repented. . I referred him ..to the saying of the frolicin .the kitchen, while their elders repair to Savior, that a murderer hath- not eernsl the sitting room, and pass a delightful evening, life, abiding in him; but every man would singing,-recitin- g, ehatting, and talking over the the mission to alluded works. 4 his bejudged by goodness of God to us while strangers in a-- strange 0f our Savior while His body laid in. the tomb, land. No round dancing amongst the young, no which was to preach to the spirits in prison, thaf rudeness amongst the children, no disunion were disobedient in the days of Noah, while the amongst the parents, and thus ends the first 4tk was preparing; and that the Savior unlocked Christmas Eve in Canada, which the prison doors and set the captives free; they all declare to have been mostenjoyabler had paid the debt of their disobedience, and us finds gathered in Sunday School and Sunday would be judged according to men in the flesh. I meeting,' after which families meet in their own told him how the Apostle Paul explained the snug homes and partake of 'the bounties of the condition of the people after the .judgment; that nds-at-hb- me - . d, " -- " - -- never-to-be-forgott- en r 