WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 03 L the numbers of women iw fore.' enlist enthusiasm that the nor Republican r0UFe'thc managers did. ,, . 'They did not move in time to no election of . and his Tieu tenant at" .all, only' a choice, of 'electors:" Chief-Maistraf- . . - w . - t y yotiBg'.inf cccordanco 'witn! tne prelerenccaoi ihom who rhnsc them. There was a departure from this in the caso ot lioraco Ureeiey in t as nothing dishonorablo iu 1 1?72,- but' there the ransaction, as he died before ihe college niet and many of his electors ca3t complimbn- lary uuiiow ivr vueir iuuivjuuui preicruuutra. . ""After the ballot for ..President aiul has been taken, the t result ;i3 certified to in triplicate; one of these c;rtihc4tes Ii forwarded by special messenger tor Washington, whiplaces it;in tho .hands of theTresident.of e ; .: This peculiar feature iu the 'mechanism of the of the government needs .explanation; to the. "class interact the force aqd effectiveness. I Fpniiblican women's' organization?. But' the spoken of, .whp, doubtless, We paid more at.before their done was saw tention to any other prominent ' subject thanto managers mischief, -- not. be jxjlities. what to do. Next time., they-.mu, and rau3t take caro Kach State of the Union good they is entitled to'a caught napping, ' number of electors corresponding mean time not to let their party be put in an ltlitude of opposition to woman's freedom, for presentation in Cougrtss. , No' State has less than' three such delegates two Senators and iroraen and, their.fnenda hold the balanco of . doubtful btate. one. Representative. Each has the twoSena- r power in every must not wi thou now that tors to population, aud 'alsoi forget, "Republicans, too, debt the owe to 13. their one over., plection they Representative no mattter how dimitedithe' rfthat'officerr; and the third is deposited witb', the Wherever State the consti number of inhabitants, but beyond this they 'judge1 of the district court for ibe district m feminine helpers. ' ' . . . nneprescntauves .11'.!: tn lions do not expressly forbid, and the Re nave auuiuouai only by aiv; which the electors convened. On the second bahUcans control theJLegislatures and Govern vi vuugrts?, woicn. appointment is Wednesday in February following, tho two pmuiiuvut always based upon the census previously taken; houses of Congress - meet in joint session, the ors, laws, should be at once passed relieving tbeir sisters irom the burdens and wrongs of For example, if Utah were admitted into the "President of the'SehRteprcsiding;he then In every Territory where Union today, she would be given two Senators opens the certificates and announces the result 'disfranchisement. and but one Representative, no matter-wh- at, . in feach!CAse, concluding with an announcement , the Republicans control tho Legislature the the number of her people; but if- the census of ' or iame should be done. result anu a lormai prociama- "Republicans 1 should remember that the .1890 showed that she had a iopulation of 300- - ifrtti Hv him thnt whrtftver Jiiav have bfinn frinnrl Woman burlrage party are in a position to 000 fay, or any where near that figure, and the tok have received, the majority of all the' votes ' basis of apportionment were fixed at 150,000 (it "cist foV" President has been duly elected Prespunish them if they refuse" to do justice to is no.v about 140,000 we bcIieveV lor each re identand the same with regard to tho second woman. It was the persistent refusal of Re- irzi.L--4- m ;f ; presentative, she would then be entitled to lwo, position. publican ' disfranchisement and the untruthful statements and thereafter until the .next census in 1000 All that there remains is for those who are r a?a ii. she would have a delegatiou of four in Con of a Republican AttorneyGeneral against the bill-fothat purpose which drove the suffrage gress and bo entitled to that number of electors ! generally takes place about noon ou. the fourth r party's State Convention iu 1884 made up 'at each Presidential election' during the next5 : of Marcir following. Tho, President and Vice-- : President then enter upon, the discharge of iiiucur ui uiu xvepiiuucaua -- ui reject a muuuii i ucuauu. ixti umo iu iut? umertnt oiaies are ' choseri by the pepplc on the same day, 'namely. to indorse the Republican ticket and vote to their respective duties, those, of tho Iatterbc- be neutral. Ihat Convention held that, though the Tuesday after the first Monday1 in govern. mg merely nominal, and hardly that, unless ' Eitme and .Logans personal friendship toward ber. The electors are not' chosen by districts,; tho Senate, shouldbe in extraordinary session at woman's liberty; was public- and unquestioned, although each of them except the two at large5 me time, in .wnicn event ne cquia, li ne leit e. the course of their party Legislature presumably represents a district, and in, their; disposed, preside oyer it,, decide parliamen "nomination reference is ut ualljvhad to reei-- ! tary points, .and have the casting vote when had not entitled ltlo the support of suffragists. Had the latter chosen, they could have reversed deuce; the ballot cf each and every voter in' , there wan a.tie. This does not happen very York-anthe vote w i I(cv:ar d kept Cleveland out the State contains,or may contain at jbis option,: often, however. ..of the White House:, but the refusal. of Re-- the names of all the candidates for electors to i 'publican Legislatures to do justice to a million which the State is entitled, on tho ticket he de NOTES. AND NEWS. ana a nan -- oi citizens cost tneir party tne sires to have succeed thus, if he be a Demo- rresjdency. It seems ' they learned enough by crat, m iMew xorK ne wm cnooso a ticJiet hav- mrria nf Mi Ranhol n Vmtnv nnrl .f can-tt?s, this defeat to ask the women s aid m this ing not. only thesname aCijie - Ivet ut eefr now- - whether thev have also ably, represent! ug. his ownhsfripL but all ih'A'ii' xt 1 iri.-"-Jmo uui ainaunvu vpiaiiurm-wuiiiti! ijiat learned feno ugh to treat their'new allies justly. others as well, and would thus'yots for thirty- - the opposite sex for Mr. Avery ."fell in love i number which are the six thatState pos with Aiiss Foster at th9 Women's International not electors, Mao woman. suuroge 'pariy, tnougu, to be credited with the result of the election. sesses. It; the electors thus vote"d for have ' " Council. As both President Cldyelandand General Harrmore votes than any other party; the Demor The.; Twentieth Annual meeting of the ison wcrie T friendly to woman's freedom, the cratic nominee for President and Vice-Predent would be said to have carried th& State, American - Woman Suffrage Association was iuffrage party as'a ody did not need to favor one at the expense, of the other. Someas inand lP'enongh States have gones the same way held in the Scottish Rite.Cathedral, Cincinnati, dividuals, favored Cleveland, some favored to carry a majority of the whole - number of it)-- , Nov. 20, 21, 22. The sessions were. largely attendedrmuch interest was manifested, excel Harrison, and others favored one of the other electors throughout the Union, the' Democratic lent reportsrwere made by the: pres3 and the rami ir? At pa fir t.h&sA nfhC' Wrtnbl ha nnnii candidates,, all of whom were friendly .frage, The result was determined by those of nally elected. We say "nominally," because 1 .meeUngiwas tucccsstui m every respect- Mrs. " the suffrage women who followed Mrs. Foster's technically, there would have been no election .1 Lacy Stoae ga v6 thc ann aal rePort of lne As' ' of those ofiicers. Ihe elecfora so chosen meet 1 c)ciauou ,i?ad, andl. by the mass, of new political workers 'tfhota these particular suffragists brought out. iu capuois ui iiit-t- rtfci ecei ve 0tt ,or The National Council of Women, of which ' Tbeor3en who" exerted themselves for the oiner piace inerein pr)vioeo uy. ipcai iaws,:on M- - Willard jwas made resident at Washing ctndidatea of smaller parties, have done little a aate nxea oy law , wnicnrny pe any t has - for .iu. .object tb pationai lMpring, wees-aay good, if any. They have wasted their time, uuer: reasonaoie iengm i, me ioicure in every leading city and to wr. of tho heir r.strength. andf theirs money-eno- ugh of 1?wlDA.tbep0U,itl5ei1t CeI.ectors and beforej Rwomaa's Council"h made up ited.gtates these to have gained splendid success if rightly t the 4th of latter being ;ot t the following,' .701 anIt societies or women, presiuents ' used and have provoked much 4ieedms hos inauguration day. t In the last ejection this was T h aving eadquarters 0 fy i ts'o w nvwith" "an the date in first but the whoTh6se December, could Wednesday that tililyl they thought office secretary, enteriug unitedly upon stich draw off votes enough from General Harrison has recently been advanced a 'month,-- go.. that : ; 7 to defeat him, .. 1 by getting Republicans" to vote ItntakeaceInanuary.;,:; upon. :.'t for third: candidate, baverhe en thus a?sembled when electors Are desigterribly; tbsap. .. The pointei-'Th' The Sixteenth Annual Congress of tlie Assooiitcome -- ishoald i teach them nated the electoral college, and yhen organized methodsJ i they proceed formally to vote for a President ciation fbf the Advancement of Womeu was of the United States. ?They --held: jn : the - Cfiurch I. of Ou r Father, Detroi t, and -particular-personMiehvf No 1 4, 15, 10? Its i coming had - been .are notmpeiledta-yolefbr.lany.'heralded" by the r Detroit Wo!nantCIub in a so ltTvill iiejaeeaibatiraffi takes which place in November the Presidendainty souvenir, which told of the worlrof- - the The - S tates having j beeri al I hcardjirdm yelection inisriom tial isftechnicall - a errand A.AsWy and - of-- Michigan's Womene Clubs . - -- st . Vice-Preside- , . , -- V. 1 . . - tne-gener- . 5 4 Legislature3-to-relievelwomenfro- . t- , . J - m-th- . Ierci of-Ne- . ' : u ! . si ? ; to-tu- f- r . y : - 'ah - - , . e m : ice-Presid- - ent ; 1- - re--gard- the Preaidential1 Kal procedure in . the case is the assemblage of the Electoral Colleges for the-- purpose of J chocSiDg a President and Vifesldent of the WtSBd; 8tates.it This statement ilh 6uFd , a I feeling if not an expression of surprise with iaanywho -- are led to suppose that was made Tuesday last. J In one eense, they are "faOi; indirectly the election was cnmnloted Hn the polk Ioed, but directly here wA -- thereafler 13 cal!ingat& cndidatesihmichoicQ: vfbrshadowed rlfresidentv elect" and : tlie-choic- eT v a -- ? ndlphiknthropiefclheiplatM electors : chosen- - oii the Democrat iei ticket can .vote 'for the Republican candidates if they see fi t and vice verm-- , or both in1ry be ignored and men whose names have not'vehbeen mentioned be legally voted for. But it 3 proper to say that no such instarjee of political trfahery ii yet rec ird&l la our hHtorjvthi elect ;vp 1 ' 1 which ths representative women of the. 'Woman's Century assembled was most fittiuglyrarranged "asa : drinroomrcledby a tier of chrysanthemums, banked in profusion; and topped by a row of potted palms.: The railing of the organ loft and the background f the pulpit were r of the hung in silken folds of the Detroit Woman's CJub white, blue and yellow. Around tlie galleries were hung portraits of tri-colo- . 