WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 136 thrmirrh the house'and upon the lookout, have a flue view of both ocean and where beach. We walk along the saiicla and pick up ttde now, and; there pebble3 and shells; it is low considerable bank between- - the water now and where it washed at our feet yesterday, butI the same restless waves came (lashing in witn the Fame low, murmuring sound, and I feel a as 1 reluctantly turn my fascination . . Ipeculiar . i i i i r i .i ana trunk tnat leave to it, prouaDiy i steps Bhall never come here again. we;sit down Coming back through theL -woods, . , t n n cmi ri -On.ine Steps i)I all einpj-ntuc meF residence for Borne one wlio brings his family from a large city to spend tne summer There are two of them months by the sea side. . . i i to oromera, am told alike. I tfier belong just but tbe season is so backward that people are not yet seeking their sea side resorts. -- We get back to the house very tired. After dinner Mr. Newman takes me to call on their married daughter, Mrs. Giffbrd, after which we call on Mrs. Slocum. Cousin Netta Kimball said, I must be sure and visit Aunt Fanny Rogers, and here I am told that I must be sure to see Aunt Fanny Rogers before I leave. I hear so A " 1 - , . a X i . I - tt -- much about her; that-- . .1-- feel quite a curiosity I . As a member of oiicSabbath School, Also the "Mutual Guide t" " She always filled her mission well, """""Ne'er shrank from duty's side. became associated with the Relief Society of the Third AVard, and acted for several years in the capacity of Coun selor tolhereMdenyh - with her daughter to Juab, from where she moved to Salt Lake City She returned to Prbvo,and was holdings the Dosition of Counselor to the President of the teachers' .. f at the time of her death; quorum We to offer the following Resolutions of Respect to her memory; " or teacher, Likewise mother, friend, or wife, She was always at her station, Has been thus through her And as " She's sanctified her mission, And nobly borne htf cross, Has gene to that heavenly region, W here's no sorrow, sin or loss. There friends do never separate, And hearts are stronger' bound, True worth is rightly recognized, And falseness never found. Whereas, In the providence of an alwise God, He has seen fit to remove from our presence our beloved sister, : . Phebe E. Pratt, and, Whereas, Our departed friend and associate was worthy our highest regard and affection; we feel that some proper" recognition of her virtues he had among us; therefore, '' tie it ' ' ; s. , Resolved, That we, as members of the Rjlief Society, deeply mourn the loss of such a sister, and will ever hold her name in' affectionate: remembrance. Resolved, that we extend our sympathy to her family and friends, and that . we try to so order our lives that we may hope to meet her when our journey of life is oyer. Resolved, That these Resolutions be spread on the re cords of the ward, that a copy be riven to her; bereaved family and friends, and that a copy be sent to the Woman's Exponent. in the world is the Elatafu,- who flourished in Egypt 1,600 years B. 0. It is made of ebony, and is beautifully carved. It is now in the arm-chai- r - anil m . - Gov. Eugene Semple, of Washington Territory, who has earned the blessings of thousands of women all over the country by siguing the woman suffrage bill, is described by the Golden-dal- e Sentinel as "a very genial gentleman, who bears the honors of his office easily." For her husband and her babies We ask God's choicest care; Also for parents and kindred, We extend an earnest prayer. The time-i- short before us To work out all that's good, Before we give our record up, Where each one's understood. s . . - i - JrAI-JrJTANNE- Be comforted, we say to you, Prest, Iir For GoclVwiir must be done;T And Nettie's with the glorified, Also with the Chosen One; And you'll meet her over yonder, If worthy to join her there, In the kingdom of God's glory, Unsullied by wrong or care. rtATTRA CornNs,Sec; : P. S. Phebe Sopcr Pratt was born at Hempstead, Haf- bon Queens CountyT-Ne- w Was sealed- York, ;Tuly-8rl82to Parley P. Pratt in the Nauvoo Temple by John Taylor, Feb. 8, 1846. ts. 3. The oldest throne of Queen sales-woma- n li-fe- ff-- to- - 8ce her. - She went on- - a mission with her husband, leaving Salt Lake City March 16. 1851. They sailed from San Fran cisco 'Sept. 5,. for Valparaiso, Chili, South America, and arrived Nov. gth. -- Returned taSair Francisco on the 21st of May, 1852, after a tedious passage1 of seventy-nin- e days, food for forty days on board having suffered ship. She died at Provo, Sept. 17, 1887, aged 64. years and ... 2 months. B. P. r Resolutions of Respect, to the memory of Sister Nettie Levi Yardley, by the Y. L. M. I. A. of Beaver City, Beaver Co. r Utah, Jan. 20, i? Whereas, God in His infinite mercy, has seen fit to take from our midst our dear friend, sister and fellow-laborin the'Y. L.M. 1. A., and, Whereas, Our friend and associate was worthy our high est affection and regard, her labors in our Association being taithtully performed, both as officer and" member, we feel it proper that we make expression of bur feelings at the ' loss we are called upon l& sustain; therefore, be it Resolved, That we, as members of the Y. L. M. I. A. of Beaver City, realize, that in the death of Sister Nettie Levi Yardley, this Association Has sustained a severe loss. Resolved, That we shall sadly miss her presence, her wise counsels and her cheerful spirit in our meetings. Ttesolved, That we, as members ot this Association, will try and profit by the wise counsel she has given us, and emulate her example in chastity, in cheerfulness, and in the ' performance of every duty. Resolved, 1 hat we extend our sincere sympathy to her stricken family, especially to her husband and babes, hpp-Jn- g that the comforting Spirit of our Heavenly Father may be with them to console them in their sad and sudden . E. J. Bennett, "IT " 7 President. R.K.THOMAS I EH EAGLE er PHE13E 1"ATT. have never seen a notice of the death of Sister Phebe Pratt in our little paper; I have been waiting for some one I inhei behalf. v - t She was relict of the late Parley P. Pratt, so well known in Church History. I only knew her in the latter part of her life, and am not well enough posted to w rite about the many interesting things that' transpired in the early settleanrl nf hpr of which shfl hare hrr nart ment. W f the . . ... valliv; ' , t J . travels with her husband in Chili.. I always found her humble and patient, and earnest in the cause of truth, willing to devote her life to the Gospel. She lived with her only daughter, Mrs Hqldaway, from whom she was never long parted, until by the hand of death. She was very anxious to go to the, temple and do a work for her dead. She. had made her calculations and got her recommends and papers ready twice, when in April she was taken down with pneumonia; she had a long, hard fit of sickness and a slow convalescence. She was very frail all summer, but clung tenaciously to the idea of going to the Temple. About the ist of September she had her arrangements again made, her clothes ready and her trunks packed for She would have started in, a day or two, the journey. wucu vuc vj wj 511 up iicr-left Self unable to do so, and she never hr bed any more; a low fever set in. and in a few days she passed away r in the arms of her daughter. She still had faith that she would recover, and her sudden demise must have been as unexpected to her as to her friends. Soon after her funeral, which was largely attended by her friends, her daughter moved to Tintic with her husband, and I had no opportunity of gathering dates as to her age, or anything else of interest. I , j-.- i.-- u juc-ivui- affliction. . Resolved, Ihata copyof theseResolutions be presented to her parents and her h band, and that they be sent to the Utonian and to the Woman's Exponent for publication. . She was one among our number, As child, maiden, wif; -- Was pure, kind and " loving iu She was about sixty-fou- r years of agej and had spent much of her life, after Parley's death, at Spanish Fork, where she taught school. She moved to Provo about ten year ago, when I first became acquainted with her. She - 1 From early days of babyhood, She, light of home hath proven; To her" father and her mother No care or doubt hath given. . . - Retail The Leading House Casla JAMES TINNERS, CAS, WATER f &. 6c CO., STEAM FITTERS Agent for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FOIU-'Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders irom PTJMPd. the country promptly responded to. -- Adirm. - JAMB3. Box 306. SALT LAXZ CITT. JE L ' S AT TEAS D the and Will be lound LACES, As sister and companion, As wife and mother, too, She's shown qualities of character That are seldom brought to view. She was lively in her nature, Yet strong in traits of heart, Which endeared her to acquaintances, J Unalloyed, by craft or art. o Special to the Ladies. . every walk in life SALT LAKE CITY. latest styles pioductlons RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, UL.UVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, ...JJ-AJN- And an elegant assortmenf of " Special denartmfmt- fnr T' "'Uiv rlU. Aitiaqv i4,w Tn. 113, 114, mt US East Tnpls trtC rot's Shoe.i -- 