::.:.A-"t;-.-- TU Vol. Womm,of Zion, andthe.flwMsof the Wonwiof all .Nations Rujliisof-f' HO. f : SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH , A LEGACY. JiV JOHN G. WIUTTIER. . , of a true heart. ness less. is to helpfulness Its own great recompense; ' ;. ; -- .... .perfect-utteranc- on'toTTthe here,-Ltve- s -- e-' : With its immortal song, ' Oak Knoll, Danvers, Mass. BY WM, " her-- . exerts more she thinks, and the more i i is her power sel f n that d rec tion , the greater seiMtnes II61a):idehat and the truer she becomes. No woman can be really true who is afraid of meeting with ridicule. There are always those who are ready to laugh downjhe honest humanity, "THE HEART KNOWETH ITS OWN BITTERNESS.!' fki:eof0iiiersiindlh e. d n g&r-the-4- V . H.SS. ATKINSON. ; '. . ' THE S WE DISH NIG HTING ALE. , JENNY TPhe LIND. rawne(lon'hern'ocalist,TVhor7-so- charmed the ears and thrilled the hearts not" ' e e heavenly'aTmcsspheT- audworki T - No woman who possesses this strength of character can become entirely absorbed in her own .personal in tercsts; she. must .be thin k i ng ' - : . : ivhieh'dsowipain. The knowledge that from thine, As from the garments "of'the Master, stole .;. Calmness and strength, the virtue which makes whole' ; d: hcalsHhorinrsigny--- 'Yea, more, the assurance strong That love, which fails of true-hiafted- There is a power In the consciousness of. being-truewhich those wanting it do not understand, a moral strength, a fortitude which enables its possessor to endure many thing? which, without it, were unendurable, and to lind joy in that I : - not-couple-d thanks, for the high compliment ne-- t tlu; general 'ad migration and appreciation of tire ir- fathers, brothers, husbands, sons- - and friends; but above all, the loving approbation of the Eternal Father.1'' v L. G. R. All the 'accomplishments which belong to a genteel education, all the scholastic learning of which it is possible for mortals to possess themselves, even the gilts .ol mental superiority, which belong tov genius, are of- small value if with - 1G. he has p tid tin m. Let us hope that the time is rioter distant jwhen the entire sisterhood among the Lut-ter-- wise, to; be mad'ejo,' and keptHO. It is i tn possible for finite beings to estimate the real worth But pleasant thoughts alone Of one who was thy friendship's honored guest, And drank the wine of consolation pressed ... ... From sorrows of thy own. leave with thee a sense Of hands upheld and trials rendered their h . Friend of my many years When the great silence faUs, at last, on me, Let me not leave to pain and sadden thee A memory of tears No. 15, .1888. Thelieart, then, is the object to be carefully guarded, put through a thorough self examination, and if found to be not quite true itv.any ! , J ANUA 'olilyl)lrtlreI1frkjf.th"e - hi use a nd hersisler-;- " hood of song, but to all civilized nations, has ' recently passed away. With the mere mention of Jier Jiame Jenny Lind ho w th e memory i i st i r re4-- a ng fy-- re v erl era tes-- w i t h - th e sweet echoes of her lvoice and her wonderful achievementsin"lhe "realmr of7 son g Once t- o. nd-see- s-- m livteaTilfMrljichl notes and soft cadences, was a treasure of memory, never to be forgotten; for even after . the long iuteryal of time that has elapsed since she sang to us, the delicious music ttill seems to ... vibrate on the ear. Although so wonderfully gifted, she was yet most simple, unpretending and modest; full of impulse and dramatic power, she was yet en-- ; convictions of the timid ' and over sensitiver But a true independence of mind enables a, woman, as well as a man, to differ, without fear, from the times in which she lives, if she thinks it right to do so. Not indolently, but with tirely free from con ventionalism. modest earnestness, to make a point of morals Born at Stockholm Oct. 6; 1821; of parents and what she considers good sense, rather than in the humbler walks of life, she may be said to he carried helplessly along upon the cruel, to have inherited a fortune in herself, for she uncertain and unsatisfactorybreeze of fashion. ; was ; a m os t crad ed i n son g. Fro m a very A woman who is thus true - to her convictions, early age she evinced a love for music, and the will gain and maintain, in course of time, the rare beauty of her voice was remarkable, as well as her aptness in reading and retaining respect and confidence of. the world about her; and what is even -- more, the. approval of her any musical com position. ; own conscience. The power. and pathos of Eer voice when she ' Will the gentlemen of her acquaintance was yet very small, and only nine years of signs was noticed by, an actress,"through whose kind really think as omuch of her, if she shows :' . c j in any way, or navmg ideas ana opinions oi offices Jenny was admitted into the Conservaher own, as they would : do if she simply fob" tory oflScockholm, where she received lessons iawed-aft- er the suggestions from Cro3l4uaiHl4krgTt ;.wo-enen instructors ' , . (Proverbs xiv. 10.) Aye, the heart knoweth every pang of sadness, Each weight of anguish that we have to bear; Knoweth the tear which drowns the. smile-ogladness, The crushing sorrow and the anxious care. 1 f Knoweth the heavy burdens that beset us, with Jllhjiopcsahat-back-r&tuf-n criishhvg-ibrce-T 1 -- The disappointments keen that daily fret us, Each sense of shame and feeling of remorse, a, , Knoweth full well the aching desolation, Which comes to us when fast good-bye- s are said, The failure of each tendered consolation To soothe us, as we kneel beside our dead. '." - aml--fauciea- -oL trthers? hosewhose-respect iswjOrtnHhgrs and for the rest, she has for will; ing or caring no need to trouble. Let me give a sentence here from one of the most intelligent and conscientious of modern writers, the Rev. Joseph A. Seiss. He says: -T- -- Knoweth what hurts us more than death or sorrow The wounded pride whichxomes'with sore defeat, ; The yearnings weak that die with each Trie, rude awakenings from illusions sweet. Aye, the heart knoweth knoweth and remembers, As loves of other days become outgrown, As we stand o'er old friendship's whitening embers Each heart must bear its bitterness alone. TRUE WOMEN. Careful, considerate girls are likely to .become prudent and wise women. 1 do not mean to say that girls who are giddy, perhaps waywardj and possibly vain and selfish, may not, in after life, settle down and make good, conscientious wives and mothers; but I do say, that with such there are great risks to run, and th'at the earlier jn life they begin to lay aside their follies, the better chance there is for their becoming true t women. "'.' '7r"'--'- .'.' : How necessary it really is, that while girls are very young, they learn to be true .in all things! To be true we must be honest iu all respects. There is nothing to choose between false words and false actions. A deceitful heart will manifest itself both by insincere utterances of the tongue and hypocritical performances. . 1 "There is a tfueness, a readiness, a and a fertility of resources in a genuine woman, of which all kings and all men do well .to avail themselves, whether in shadow.or If woman is apt to be in sunshine. agitated with trifles, yet when some great crisis "comes she has more cal m magnanimity than a thousand lords more sense and than they all. From her. finer strung nature, she may feel it the more afterward and suffer the more severely from the rebound, but while the dread crisis is upon her, the other sex sinks . greatly by comparison." This sentiment, remember, is a man's opinion of & genuine woman. There are many to whom such an eulogy could not be correctly applied, "make-believesamong women many miserable a3 well as among men. But of such we are not now treating. With all true women, I believe there is a certain reverence forjhe good opinion of good men. And any of these, unto whose notice the above quotation may come, must feel that Joseph A. Seis3 is deserving of self-comma- self-possessio- , " n ; efmmmnnunwasxoxceiT-waa- n - cou raged by her teachers. - Her progress was wonderful, and it was greatly promoted after she had left the conservatory, by her residence with the family of the popular Swedish composer, Adolph Frederick Lind bad. When ten years old, she made her first appearance on the stage as one of the geuii in Alozart's MIl Flauto Magico." i Her debut as an .artist took place m Stock holm in 1838, when she sang Agatha in "Der Freischtuz " Previous to that she had passed; through a most trying experience. At the "age ?; of twelve she lost the Upper register of her voice, and for four years suffered the greatest anxiety lest her future should prove to be blighted. During those four years she was; taught by Henry Berg, a man of sensitive nature and a musician of more than ordinary , ability. After two ears under hi3 guidance she could once more ...reach the ujpper i natural without undue effort. Her success in Agatha was sucii that she subsequently sang the principle role in "Euryan the," Alice in "Robert, le Diable' and Julia iu Sp mtini's "La Vesta le," all with blilliant success.1 She was the life of.4; the Royal' Theatre until 1841r when she went , to Paris to improve her style of singing. In ' Paris she studied nine months under Manuel : , ; , " 4 