r- - WO MA N'S .E XPONKNT. and labors of so eminent a lady as Sister Eliza' and so forth, and the preface closes by saying, This publication is issued not with the view of making money, as the price at which iris sold is barely sufficient to pay its cost." The first few of pages of the book give a comprehensive sketch her life, taken from the notice in the Deseret News written on the day of her death. The complete funeral services, with the excellent remarks by the, several speakers are given in full, having been transcribed from the notespf the shorthand reporter. The hymns that were sung, two of them are given entire "O, my Father,".that grand and made glorious hymn, which alone would have its author famous, and "Bury me quietly whenl die," which had been set to music by her request. At the close of the book is an original poem, composed a short time before her demise. It is entitled, "An Epitaph," and has not, as we are aware, ever before appeared in print. It is in fourjerses of eight lines, and is a gem worthy to be treasured in the hearts of all who loved her. We perfectly agree with the publishers of this book, that this is a compact form in which to preserve "an ac count of her life and labors." The sisters every- wbere, and no doubt the brethren, too, will appre ciate this book, as every Society arid Association- will want copies, and every home where JSister -- EIza's"name,had become s household word, will be anxious to have it to keep as a memento of love and the many incidents with which her memory is associated. We feel sure the complete Saint "edition will soon be soldrE very Latter-da- y should have one. Price 15 cents, postpaid, $ 10. set per 100 copies. BIRTHDAY GREETING. Dear Sister, Well-Belove- : d spirit I am with thee, with earnest, sincere greetings and congratulations ononis sixtieth birth day anniversary, and "happy returns" we wish for thee; if He sees best, who knows thy need, wis dom and strength and aid from one who'll prove a a friend most truelndeedT As loved ones gather around .'thee to do thee d honor and cheer, recall the absent who are partedJfrornJhej; byUtanceajidj:ircuni- stances, whose bodily presence does, not appear, yet in spirit draws near, to bless you and impress you that love dieth not give them all, the living and those we call deady a place, and rehearse the sweet stories of the past, that the day may be fragrant with sweet memories. I have no glitter ing prize of wealth to bestow, nor flatteringmeed nf nraisp. only lovft from the heart's deep flow. that Is eyerand always thineTThave an unwritten poem conceived in heart and brain, which I fain would have given you in tangible form, at this time of a walk through the dust of ages, half a Century or more, with memory twining the pages of its daily records o'er but the light from the sky is flitting, and day is almost done, and the poem still remains unwritten it ts not even be $nn. Commend me to your numerous friends; I need aot specify names, since they are all known unto thee. Accept thanks for the "In Memoriam" and token of remembrance; both' are appreciated as sacred to memory. May the dear Heavenly Father watch, guide, prosper and bring thee, through all crosses, losses and changes, to shout the songs of victory and sing praises of redeeming love; Ever thine affectionately, 7n true-hearte- ' Feb. 29, 1888. L." M. Hewlings. EXTRACT FROM A LETTER. Gunnison, February 29, 1888. .Mv Deaely Beloved Sister E. B. Wells: Just as I wrote the above date it occurred to me that Is your natal day. May God gran to-da- y you many happy years of usefulness among the Saints on earth, ere you go to join those above. The Bishop, and his sister, who is here on a visit, join me in sincere love and good wishes to you, and hoping you will have many happy returns of ' Could the spirits . of who have ever existed sleep and summoned they might answer to all the departed drunkards, be roused from their deep to appear before us, that the question, "What made you drunkards?" .they would raise, a cry that would ' this, day.' affright the heavens, which would pierce the in':"T"Z In your hurried visit here, I do not feel as if we most soul of every consumer of intoxicating bad as much good of you as we might have had. liquors, and make him stand aghast, while terror I really felt like "in want when we left and dismay would sieze upon him, and the large you at drop3 of wretchedness, agony and despair would Fayette, but your kind letter to some extent made ooze from every pore, and the shrieking reply up for it. would' echo through the vaults of heaven, "ModerrThe "dignity of womanhood" is so closely with the dignity of manhood, that it seems ate drinking, moderate drinking." . What" is drunkenness? Go visijt the prisons; to me it is seldom seen apart; of course there are and amoog their dreary cells behold the houseexceptions, but where dignity of woman prevails, we may expect, near by, to find the dignity of man. breaker, the felon, the murderer, the outlaw, who fears neither the laws of God nor the laws of man. We seldom find honored men in Israel without Go visit thehospitals, and among their inmates finding in their near surroundings honored women, behold those afflicted with dropsy, jaundice, who honor them. They educate and elevate one paralysis, convulsions, dyspepsia, and that moit another; at least that ought to be the position. terrible Calamity that can befall man insanity. Hence the dignity of woman seems to be inseparGo visit the the, sinks of iniquity, ably connected with the dignity of man. As a and observe the bleared eye, the bloated countennecessary consequepce has it not always been so? ance, the palsied and tottering frame, the stagger-in- g Is it noUn the nature of things? gait, the poverty and wretchedness, and the .My.husband, in his notes on "The Spirit.oLthe times' says: "But in this the winding up scene, detestable deeds of vice everywhere apparent, and " hear the oaths and curses, the vile and loathsome the leaven of the Gospel is universally operating language which issues from the lips.of the inhabion honest woman, while less honest man is with tants of these dens of sin, and when your soul accelerated speeds degenerating himself, and -human misery ancl sickened woman-w- ill only tn part'ftllonron tht rdowrijrTddeT with horror,Mis-- ; .filled depravity, has turned away Hence there is a separating, emancipating evolugust and detestation know thit all this is tion going on in the world, woman against. man, ,.". . con-nect- ed rum-hole- -- -- - s, -- whichis"moreand;more"apparentrWoTnan7be--- " cause the fittest, will. survive more extensively than man The superior ,part of Gentile women are beginning to raise Gentile men; and according to the eternal law of sexes, superior Gentile woman will not "lean upon her inferior" she will "see the kingdom of heaven" and flee to it, and lean upon superior man, of her own choice. How can the vine be borne up by a plant less strong than itself? V : - ' "These, in my estimation, are some of the keys to the gra nd revolution of women In this 'win ding The catastrophe, of course, as said in up scene the Prophet Daniel, will be of the worse kind which ever has been on the earth. By this key, I Gentile-woman- ssee thcrmovementgoiBg-onia-th- e world. What strange things, Sister Wells, you and I have lived to see, and stranger yet are coming. ' 7-- ' MV For the Exponfnt.' 11. M. , THE MODERATE DRINKER. I .consider that the moderate drinker is a danger ous man to society and to himself. " It matters not whether he obtains his liquor at the three penny from common glasses, or at the sideboard in his splendid palace from silver or golden goblets, the sin, the danger is the same, and the wealthier, the more respectable the man, the greater is the hazard, and the heavier the responsi bility that hangs over him. Thefirst lesson of all beginners in intoxication were as moderate drinkers, but by dint of c'ultiva. tion they have advanced to the ranks of professed drunkards; so will it be with every moderate drinker, .who persists in the habitual use of liquor. He may laugh at these remarks, but let him remember that there was a time when every drunkard laughed to scorn the idea of his falling into the meshes, for he, too, poor deluded mortal, prided himself upon his respectability, his judgment, his Inflexibility, and his strength of mind. Even now, take 'he very moderate drinker, who uses but one glass of wine daily, when the hour for the stimulant arrives to which he is accustomed how unhappy, how miserable are his sensations, until ihc liquid is swallowed; there is confusion of his intellect and an 'irresistible desire for the demon, which vanishes with the draught. grog-sho- p . -- drnnkenness ; alUthis-4he-effect-of-ru- ; Go-to-t- mr he drunkard's parents, whose anticipated cup of happiness is removed farfrom them; whose hearts are bowed down with anguish and despair, almost to bursting; behold the untold grief exhibited in "those pale emaciated countenances, in those heavy, sunken eyes, whose springs have long since ceased to respond to the united feelings of parental affection and distress. Neither can V pass over the drunkard himself. Behold him just arisen from the miry gutter, reeling his steps homeward, his eyes inflamed, his face swollen and bruised, his whole appearanceMndicating extreme wretchedness ; there is nothing to be observed however, which evinceSany feelings cf the inner man,ye.U,hximnqf that man suffers: to anintense- degree. He knows his condition, that he is degraded, and imagines that he never canberecei ved again into respectable society ; he' knows that through his folly the wife of, his bosom and his innocent children are in a. state of starvation; he ' compares his present with his former state, and is so. harassed, that Jto silence them, he hastens to " ' bury them in the insanity of alcohol. If is then that his wife and children are cruelly beaten, that everything hateful is executed; perhaps he steals, murders or, performs some hideous crime, which entails a mark of. shame and infamy on him and his children through life. It is not the man who does these things, it is the drunkard ;the man unmanned and metamorphosed into a monster by alcohol. Look at his ragged, barefooted children, who suffer from hunger, cold, and the cruel blows of a drunken father; whose Society, owing to the mis demeanor, of the parent, is avidd by all other children of the neighborhood; who are the inno- - ' cent subjects of abuse and insults, and who are made to bear the disgrace attached to the parent as though it was a mark set also upon them. I would have you visit his rGsidence; everything be tokens poverty, wretchedness and ruin. The wife, who once saw better times, who once smiled at the golden prospects of the future, now sits mute and tearless, for the fountain of her tears has long since become dried; exhausted nature, insulted affection and disappointed hope can hold , out no longer; who can describe the agonizing,- g thoughts and feelings whiclrexist in her soul as'a woman, as a wife, and as a mother! All this is drunkenness. Why is i$ the case in this country to legislate , ' heart-rendin- 