7' 181 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' and 4,heir inurnev i ,l.ic fmm Mnnvno r ' : ' lneir cauuiw . The children Desert.: American reat across tne the first of. June for maythink that substituting , :May-day'i- s something J ike :th old saving, "A rose -as s w ett 'by any other name would smel would never think of is hard to believe, and one it with any other name, as having ..any perfume, .,' disa whatever; But though one miy have great j like to' any change of time for festivity; yet peoto such things occasionple accustom themselves And after all what ally with a very good grace. would it matter 'if the children should celebrate and June day. and the 4th' of July and May-da- y be-anear together the 24th, tooj and it would not in . . , 1 f-whi- ch , ; -f ..- s as Christmas and New Year's. " We have made these suggestions knowing that it; is the wish of many of our friends and the the apchildren's friends, antTwe hope to proaching first of June appropriately celebrated by the children. . - .... . EDITORIAL' NOTES. Sister Clark; who are everywhere" noted for their dertaking, and have no fears as to their capability . to make. the kindness and hospitality. paper interesting and helpful to the; people. 'For further particulars see advertisement A niruVs eye view of this office was taken through on another page, or address, Drs. Shipp, No 59. the gateway last week, by an artist from the East S.,lFir.sLEavLSL,.S .Mrs. Annie Parish a ;. veryarmlnyourig7 lady. T She was accompanied by her sister-jnda- ' Mrs. Elizabeth Jackson, and , the two ladies CONSOLATION, seemedjo enjoy their visit to the city very much. .jr; rarisn wenr io,.nanu me same aay iwrs. Onthe Death of Alicejhe Beloved Da.ugii-- . Parish called at the office to. make a sketch of the of Amy .A Thomas. ter ParrSTi Mrs. other made several Mnti Temple. sketches of scenes, during, her thr.ee day's visit "Sorrow no't, dear Amy,, but rejoice that you hefe. The party, Mr. and Mrs. Pafish arid Mr. When we have a sweet rosebud, in heaven. and Mrs. Jackson, attended service in the Tabergather a rose from the bush it is the choicest nacle on Sunday, April 22nd.. Mr. Parish intends writing" a magazine article on "Utah, 'and Using I, too, have a darling boy gone to rest from alP .some of the sketches in illustrating, so we shall sorrow and care ofjhis earth. 'He Was four years of their probably have the opportunity of judging and three months old when the Lord took him. I. the of the )tnd country people. impressions could riot see as I. do now, for I knew. not the Lat- Work. We pass through this sorrowful We regret not having been able to attend the J, y earth, "and meet with sorrow and tribulation too. annual meeting of the. Primary Association of the Alice! that sweet, loving child, so afflicted with 20th Ward, oh Thursday, the 19th of April. The paralysis in her babyhood, that gentle voice, that President, Mrs.:"Emma Toone has been very thrilled me when I last saw her, full of. affection, -- d nigen perse veringdnh eniab.Drs::iini pog 1 h e -c e t Alice,-yand love to all she knew," D c a -- little folks in thy Primaryrand has been very .sue- -. the resurrection"" cesful-l- fl winningheirlaveandbUiningeL. are gone tb realms above to await h bright-and-pu- re morning, whelTyoiTwitricamir-for-t best influence over them She has been assisted and unspotted frbm the world. Aye! the by young ladies who have carried out her methods, mprning of the first resurrection, pure and spotless and whose versatility, of talent has helped hef to are those, chosen ones. interest, edify, and amuse as well, making her Amy, my friend, what joy to know that your labor lighter and more pleasant. We expect to darling is taken from all care and sorrow, somehave minutes of the annuaPmeeting to publish in thing greater to live for, to, receive our fond and full. The meeting was addressed by" Sisters cherished ones, again. The Lord doth give and Presendia L. Kimball, Ellen C. Clawson and lie taketh away at His pleasure; we must acknowl-edge'-HLydia Ann Wells; also Elders Geo. Rbmney and ; hand in all things. C. R. Savage. Our dear ones! we shall meet them if We keep Assotlte Primary Friday evening," April 20th,' ourselves pure and lead blameless lives, as they in Ward this ciation of theThirteenth city gave are pure and uncontaminated from all earthly sin. an entertainment in the Thirteenth Ward Meeting r Maria B. Ford. the benefit of the Primary, under the House,-fodirection of the President. Miss Kate Wells, asWEDDING ANNIVERSARY. sisted by her Counselor, Miss Annie Thomas, The -- programme consisted of Songs, Music, x Editor Woman's' Exponent: Tableau,' Recitations, ,34eadings,s and a Fan in cosQueen Anne Brigade of eight little girls A pleasant surprise party was given in honor of closed with a Cantata, tume. The performance our worthy Presidtrht, Sister Elizabeth. Wadsworth entitled, "Parting," or 'The Crown of Reward," and her huband on the 8th of April, 888. It with six characters, all little girls. Miss Wells of their wxdding being the thirty fifth, anniversary spared no pains in making the preparations and; day, the sisters of the Relief Society of Panacea training the children, and the affair was a complete Ward, in connection with the brethren, gathere success in every respect. Amusements of this at the house of Bro. George VVadsworihfwhere kind are a pleasant change, for the children, to tables were spread with the bounties'of life and encourage them in attending their meetings reguevery luxury within, reach. mak-besides a and variety, happy helping larly, Bishop M. L. Lee ofiered up a few words; of them to obtain some means, that they may have a" pmypr3 thanking ou IiQavenly Father for all the fund forthe Association, for cards, prizes, books privileges and-- . blessings which, we enjoy Bro. of instruction, and soon. Miss Wells has enHenry Wedg pronounced, the blessing upon the tered heart and soul into this work, and is an food. After all had enjoyed a delicious dinner, imitation.--.. of this worthy respect, examplein the hymn, "We thank Thee, O God, for a ' We have perused the prospectus of the "Salt Prophet," was sung. a monthly journal of medicine Lake Sanitarian Bishop M. L.JLee addressed the .brethren and t in to be issued this city. It sisters a short time-- impressing upon them the and surgery,-abouSaints as a will be devoted to the laws of life and health, dis"privileges andduties the Latter-daeases and their treatment, and the subjects relatj people enjoyed. A in will "A Wadsworth Medical Bro. It fact, be, spoke of the pleas George ing thereto. ures and trials which he had passed through in Journal of Health." It will be edited by the Drs. connection with the Saints of God. ' He felt to Shipp, who are welPknown to the medical profesthank the brethren and sisters for the honor they sion here, and who have had quite an extensive "of Terriin this cases had shown himself and family. -experience in the treatment "Prest: Elizabeth Wadsworth felt it herduty to tory. 'These ladies are graduates of the Woman's Medidal College in Philadelphia, and have made sincerely thank all who had taken part in the pleasure and honor accorded to herself and husgood use of their opportunities since they graduaand band. ted among the people here, in the ' Singing, the song, "Will you love me when I'm. everywhere that duty called them to act. These j ladies intend to treat the subjects they write upon j old,"- by Joseph'!!. Wadsworth. A very appropriate piece, composed for the occasion, was read by "in such a manner as to reach the understanding Jane E. . Lee. Sister Donitia Lyman bore her of the general reader." Thatjsuch a journal will ' e literature of testimony to the truth of the work in which we be a desirable acquisition to are engaged. Sister Mary Rice encouraged the the Territory no one can deny. The prospectus sisters to press on in doing good. Sister Melissa states that some of the best home talent have K. Lee congratulated the worthy pair; also spoke promised to assist the enterprise by wrhing. We very encouragingly to the sisters. . wish these sisters every success in this new un" '.- : . ter-da- ' from the MaricopaStT'JoliirsTTrtifi and Davis Stakes are laid over for other numbers. Reports ' - T . Many conferences are held about the' same suffitime, and one page of the paper seems quite cient to devote to. minutes of meetings, that to many "readers are rather dry, but it is certainly necessary to publish, that the condition of each organization may be known and their work com '.' pared. t On Saturday, April 28, we attended, by invita tion," the Primary Conference of Davis Stake, held at Centerville. There were two meetings, fore noon and afternoon, Mrs Aurelia S. Rogers pre siding. A very large number of children were -from assembled; many of them came other settlements in the county. At East Bounti ful the Bishop furnished conveyances for all the childien who could attend. A detailed ac count qf this very interesting conference will be 7" given in our. next issue. ' ' . ' the-Reli- e - , y "1 ' ef sick-roo- m - 1 the'-hom- ; " -- . 1 1 " . c, r - : , -- is We have been spoken to in regard to republishing from the writings of Joseph Smith the Prophet the article- which appeared in the Utah Journal of April 14, and we would say t the sisters and readers of the ""Exponent, that we published that article in the two numbers 6 and 7 ofVolume 13, August 15; and September 1, of 1884: We still have a few copies .'containing it on hand, and would dispose of them to any one desirous of obtaining the article spoken of, which is the address of the Prophet Joseph to the Relief So- ciety, April 28, 1842, just after its organization. A reorganization of the Primary Association of the 1 2th Ward was effected on --Wednesday, April 25th. Ever since the first organization in 1S79, MfS Ellen C. Clawson has been the President, and has been faithful in the performance of her regular duties, but in resigning the position she has selected one who will have Jhe time and ability to carry forward the good work Mrs. Elizabeth K. Druce and as Mrs. Clawson pre- -' sides over all the Primary Associations in the Stake, she will not lessen her interest in the one with which she has been so long identified, and where she first began .the spiritual work for other people's children. On" Friday, April 20, in company with Sister M. .Isabella Home, we attended th?. conference of Society of Davis Stake, ;4ield at Farming-ton- , Counselor Mary S. Clark presiding."-- Bishop Secrist, Elder Ezra T. Clark and Patriarch Tib bets were presenU Verbal reports from most of the wards.were given, and each president spoke highly of the willingness and energy of the members of her respective Society, The trees and gardens looked very beautiful, the day was a pleasant one, and our- - visit with tha sisters most agreeable. We were entertained by Bro, and ou r,--sty in'-tea- ' -- ? - " 