mm r H ii IL The Rights of the' Women Vol." 16. SALT 3- - 33, : Isaiah, -- - ' j. . ..; ; ; . ; Jehovah is King! He is reigning in heaven', ' in exalted Eternal in glory, power; While nations apd kingdoms like storm clouds are driven, - Established and settled, His throne shall endure.' Jehovah is King I in His truth everlasting; In majesty awful, and girded with might,. His love like a halo around us is casting Soft sunbeams of glory celestially bright. Jehovah is King and Jehovah is Jesus, A Royal Redeemer sits now on the throne; r Rejoicing in us as His paople He sees lis, yeturn His full sovereignty own.-- Jesus is King, He is King of salvation, . . He helpeth us daily from sorrow aud sin; And we yield Him with joy Our heart's adoration, .For His is the power that gives victory within." . is Jesus Kingl aad j 7 .' to-da- ' If Jesus is King, are we giving Him glory? Are soul, life and heart litwitrySre from dbove? Are our lips filjed with praise, is the sweet olden story ' Soft whispered to souls lhat know naught of His love?" ' If He is our King, we will serve Him forever, to His know; Right loyally seeking pleasure Intent on fulfilling, with earnest endeavor, v The task He would have us to learn and to do. -: Oh, yieid Him the wealth o( thy heart's golden treasure, By giving Him all, thy true loyalty prove; He giveth His blefsicgs to thee without measure, No earth-lincan fathom the depth of His love. ' He saved' in the past from the grief that oppressed thee, He is helping thee now, as the moments fly past; He will help to the end, let His sweet promise rest thee; As long as thy need of His helping hand last. M. A. YaultonGreenhalgh. e' . " . . be- - - rx Hunt Jackson. I elen-"- r ' Too many of our. sex think it necessary to cultivate only iheiexternal part Dfiour organiza "tions. That is why they stem to think if they adorn tjiemselves' wi all. the frills and furbe-lew- s of fashion, that they are very attractive, no' matter how uncouth their manners. .They do this to the. total neglect of the mental and physical, and, I am sorry to say, sometimes the moral parts of their beings also. When we s tar vejteJ2odyJ tjSQQiL dies, but we sh o uld remember that the mind needs food also; the body is only a casket for the spirit to dwell in; the spirit is the immortal, imperishable portion .which we have inherited from our Heavenly Father. In!rder ' to enjoy a portion of His unde-fileSpirit we'musrkeep. the casket pure and and in a Wealthy condition, for if .the body is afflicted,, the mind is more or less 'effected thereby, and no matter how great achievements may be reached by a person wit n a sickly body, greater may be his attainments if .he enjoy pertect health.. It is a sin in the sight of our Creator to knowtiTgly and pur- poseiy do anything to injure our health. V bile we seek for pale cheeks and delicate waists, we are layinga foundation tor premature old age," and when 'we reach the meridian of life, and should be jn our 'prime, with', stout bodies and healthy , minds, we will be decrepit and old, haggard and broken down, and with shattered nerves and tottering steps, loot back aud curse the foolish fashion which we followed to make ourselves attractive, and which liMimd the op-- , . pos'te result. . Who ever heard of a person's name being handed down to posterity because of the beauty of their dress? All can study fashion, but those who' spend most of their time in that may perisK with their clothing, and an- soon forgotten. Then while we have respect enough for our?elves, our associates, and our Gd to be neat and clean in our appearance and ' p easan t i n o u r in te r course, e t J u s n ot spe u d too much time ..adorning ourselves to the neglect of cultivating our minds and mand, " BEST. Mother, I see you with your nursery light, ' Leading your babies, all in white, ' To their sweet rest; , , . , mine the carries Good Christ, tornight, Shepherd, And thatis best. - , I cannot help tears, when I see them twine Their fingers in yourf and their bright curls shine On your warm breast; But the Savior's is purer than yours or mine, He can love best I . ners. -- You know . ; that of yours, your feeblest one , And dearest may live long years alone,1 Unloved, unblest; . Mine are cherished of saints around God's throne, And that is best. v " 9- - V:. ' . eating, drinking, dressing, dancing, and so forth, with no other aim in view. The Gods said, "Let us go down and organize. a world, that man may dwell upori.it" There was an abundance of space 'for an earth, and also an abundance of material wherewith to make one. The elements of which this earth is composed were compounded or mingled together iu one vast chaos, and the whole overwhelmed with darkness so dense as to obscure every ray of light. But anon, the Spirit of God moved upon the waters, and He said, 'Let there be jn w a Naught can arrest; Mine in God's gardens run to and fro, - ""And that is best. M . ' Let us look back a few thousand years to the time when God contemplated the creation of this earth to be a home for man, and see if He placed us here to use our timef and abilities . You know over yours may hang even now Pain and disease, whose fulfilling slow 1 1 You tremble each hour because your arms Are weak; your heart is wrung with alarms. ' And sore opprest; safe out of reach of harms, My darlings are ' . And that is best; . of all Xations. No. 24. -- In the next light, and there was light." period of the world He separated the waters under the firmament from. those above, and also caused the waters on the earth to gather together into one place, that the dryland might appear. But what a scene I Surely if God had sent man at this period he would have perished. A new born world, without a particle of vegetation or animal life; only a barren waste of laud and "empty waters;.not a sound ' broke on the pti lines, save t h e. voice.of. the moaning-wind- sand: foaming,; dashing waters. a At length "Royal Planter ilescends from a world of older date,; bearing Jn H is hand the choice seeds of older worlds. He plants them -- in the earth, whose sirrface is now warmed arid . dried bjr the heeriug rays rof the now fvsplen- dant sum They grow and flourish there, and, : bearing seed, replant themselves, and this clothes the naked earth with scenes of beauty and the air with fragrant incense. Yas it merely Why all this preparation? to satisfy and pander to the appetites of the myriads of living, moving, but unthinking, unaccountable beings, who in the sixth period were sent to irihabitand enjoy the sea, and the air? Or were they created for a muoir higher order of intelligence? Yes; last of all man, male and female, in the image of God, were given dominion over all; ail were subject to them to use, to enjoy rbut not to abuse. If, then, God in His infinite wisdom designed to stamp upon us His own image, and endow us with all those qualities which by cultivation and improvement will place us on a w tq mli ty w i th l h e Go'd; can we 1 oo h igh ly ' prize the gifts inherited from Him?. How can we show our appreciation of His goodness, unless we keep His commandments?, a few of which I will enumerate. The first great-corn-TrlalTdriient giyeu was to multiply and replenish the earth, which, alone the Latter-daSaints deem necessary to t)bf Then there-ar- e the ten commanilments, which- we are. all familiar with, In our book of Covenants and command-- " merits we also finl p. any things to direct us in our course through life; even the way we should dress is not btneatir-fiuotk'eiorr-BaT "Let your garments be plain, their beauty the work ot your own hands I can s,ee more this. reasons than one for First, He does not' wish us to be vain. Secondly, it takes a great deal of tjme 'm needless labor, which we can spend to greater advantage in carrying out aoo'her ol His torrtmandments, which says, to "learn from all good books" and store our , - He" From fear of . - " saves us fofever and grief of We joyfully .own that He faileth us never, " But lights with" His glory our pilgfimage way. And Jesus must reign, although hearty unbelieving v , " ' His Kingly authority daily-den- y; .U But those who now own Him, a kingdom receiving, Will hail His blest advent with welcoming cry. Yes, " WHAT WE ARE CREATED FOR. " - .. , ', ." -- More than the rest. But I know that, as well as for them, fgr.rae God. did the best I H 1 . You must dread for yours the crime that sears, Dark guilt unwashed by repentant tears, And unconfessed; ' Mine entered spotless on eternal years, e0 how much the best I But grief is selfish, I cannot see Always why I should so stricken . . Women LAKEeiTY;UTAH,LMAY 15,1888, JEHOVAH IS KING. "The Lord is our King, He will save us." of Zion, and the Rights of the 0 - , -- the-lan- : , -- -' y -- w . "minds with useful knowledge. - How n ecessary are t h ese th i n gs i f we are to fill up the measure of ouf creation. Who is capable of raising and instructing children, unless they prepare themselves by improving their time while young and free from cafe and labor, requisite in ministering to the wants of the precious spirits waiting to be sent by their Heavenly rather to have a probation here 'ther same as we have, and to choose good or evil; to suffer, that . they may appreciate the glorious happiness of a celestial kingdom, if they prove worthy to abide i the presence of God in the mansions He has prepared for jhe faithful. . !; I' q: "Aunt Bird. The heart's broken utterances of reflections of past kindness, and the tears ,qf grateful memory shed upon the grave, are more valuable in my estimation than the most costly cenotaph ever reared. 0. Sliarp, r. -- d 