WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 32 friends high - born women some of whom I see before me to day with whom no decent allow his wife or daughtefs wbrkingman would ' palace and ten - thousand pounds ($48, 400) a 2 ground LBro. Peterson sooirobtained control of the horse ' arid returned to find his .wife lying on her face, almost year. In this place 1 shall probably never speak senseless. She was soon conveyed to the town of Antonito to associate. again. But when.Freedom shall have opened where two doctors and many friends did all in their power to save her,, but it was unavailing; she passed taway front I have seen among you, spreading like a out her arms and gathered all men into her , this life' at in the evening, to join her eight when wide ustice 1 and Truth shall embrace, two J canker, the lust of the fleshy and the pride of children, who died of whooping-coug- h in 1 872; sixteen taken the have of and instead and of place fraud,' oppression life, reproving you, as Christ would have done. I have taken refuse in cener- - some man of the people shall stand in this tem: years before. She was born in Mara, New Mexico, on the 7th of ept. 1 830. She was married 'to L. Marcos denounce your ple oLthe deadend inspired by the best tradialities, and "tli a .Peterson, February I7i863. In the year 1875 she accom- w ftflnlrfttinna nf individual sins And all this time there nas tion of the Tai1;:j the nohlft W her husband to Utahwhere they, embraced the been going on around me, in this huge' city, present and ideal hopes of, the future, shall. panied were baptized by Apostle Erastus Snow. They and throughout the land, the surging, toiling ocuu ljuiug imuugu meso jony aisies mat Gospel; they nome in 10 ana meir reiurnea with gathered life of hmnanity,the sorrow, the suffering, the loving Christmas message, which till then can others of the Lamanite who had embraced the people, rpavertythe disease, the sin and shame, which never have its full significance "Peace . on truth through their preaching, to Savoia, New Mexico. I realize but dimly, as something altogether earth and goodwill to men?' From there they came to the San Luis Valley, where they from own but .. for Herbert Burrows. existence,. which, I my apart have lived ever since. Sister Peterson was of the true at last see cleanly, yon and I have been, up to blood of Israel, and devoted to her religion. She was the present time, mostly to blame. We and e reserved and in her appearance; was a woman of NOTES AND NEWS. our class have kept Mck by" fraud the hire of was and a bright example to her sex; she good judgment, the laborers who have reaped our field; we also by Mrs. Matthew Arnold has been refused the was' greatly beloved by all her native people.-an- d have lived in pleasure on the earth and all the Latter-dawith whom she was acquainted Saints been wanton; we have nou rished our own -- pension enjoyed by her late husband. She was hospitable and kind; to know her was to love her- ' " hearts while we have starved the bodies of - Dr. Clara Marshall when once her friendship was gained it was lasting and those to whom we owe the very bread we eat, rennysyiyama w omen s College, in plaee of true. The love and esteem in which she was held by the and the clothes we wear, and now we are conDr. Rachel Bodley. community was shown by the hundreds who attended her from, different parts of the county. The services demning and killing at our very gates the peoVictoria has given $350,000, thebal- - funeral, Queen the-earin the Manassa meeting house, June s were whose held mm J inarticulate cry is entering into j ple 29, i838. ance oi ine women's to St. jubilee offering, The speakers were Prest. John Morgan and Prest. S. S. of the Lord of Sabaoth, whose faithful Catherine's Training Hospital for nurses for Smith.' After the ceremonies . were over she was laid to servants we pretend to be. London poor. . rest, to await a glorious resurrection with the just. She I know not how it may, My eaves a. sorrowingo hnshand. f mother- and hrntlier auu nnA We hear that the Emnernr nf Jnon J,QV be with you, but for ine this careless, selfish LUAUJ J. look to forward that We when fnends;ho time, happy created a new life is ended. Little bv little Ihave awakened order, the Order of the Crown. shall all meet we where shall free from be again, dangers, to the fact that, all my days I have entirely It is exclusively for women, and it is to be the sickness and pain. and reward or distinguished merit. neglected my real duty to my fellow-meS. T. Boice. at last I hare come to know that my proper, The will of Rachel L." Bndl PV on rf. nlace is not here, as thfl well nairl hUJirm thevWoman's-iledicaLCollewhich was a- dchurch which, in its present condition, is utter- miuea lo.rrooAte i&aturday, bequeathed to the ly opposed to everything which Christ taught, Woman's MedicaL College, all her scientific but among the poor, to whom He declared books, and her herbarium of dried plants and that the Gospel should be preached among the the six cases to the containing them; Presbytelaborers whose hire we nave kept back by rian Home for Widows and women the Single ' fraud. remainder of her bookr and the three walnut Too long have I neglected cases in which they are contained. Ex. social facts of our Christian civiliza-- . The National Teachers' Association, which tion. Too long have I spoken to you smooth meets in San Francisco on the 17th of July, things, and cried peace when there was no was organized in, 1857. This vpnr it nr.'ll hL peace. I have known bprepute that there was SALT LAKE CITY. represented by ten thousand teachers from all misery among our people, starvation in our the States and and more than-hal- f miast, and prostitution upon our streets. But oi tnese win- - beTerritories, : women. This fact, and the hitherto I have taken these as something for women will take in the convention, marks which you and I were not responsible, but part the gam of the last thirty years.- - Now women which were really due to the inherent wickedThe are active members and onicers of the associness of nature ationand no one their right. Con. But now I have learned that our pleasures trast this fact with-tha- questions t stated by Miss Anthony,, and our wantonness have been built this who upon years ago asked to speak in a teachers' miwuj luuuuauuu. aua nave learnea tms per 1 uuAAUiiii as you mav also learn it vou wi I l ham and the other women teachers were mission, sol veT that from this Christmas d asnamea tbatany one of their number should y life shall begin. I lay down my robes, do so unwomanly a thing. Ex. I give up my bishopric, my palace and my aA income: I piva nn mv nlpssnpoa GENEROUS DR. BUCKLEY. Lr WOrld; 1 give UP m7 8eat in the House Lords, and at last I take my place as a man Sc CO., ' . Scene, Heaven's Gate. among men. St. Peter, addressing Frances Willard It is, I know, a bold step I have taken, but I and JJMBS CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS have counted the cost. Resolved no longer to other Christian women: "Welcome, dear sisters, bnter into the joy of your Lord." live on the labors of others, I shall probably Agent for RUMSEVS celebrated LIFTand FORCE PUMPS. Dr. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from Buckley, jumping on a soapbox, push-in- g wjuiu iu great army 01 ine unemployed. ' the btcountry Feter away, and slamming the door in promptly responded to. nattem nt nroarK rnv & rat Addrm..D17ID :iUX3, B01 306. SALT L1IZ CITT sermon to them in Trafalgar Square, from the the ladies faces: "Every woman that in gets same text that I have used here and it here keeps out a man, to the disadvantage" of is likely that I the holy shaljpass night in a wonS' police cell. But there I shall x be no worse off than Jesus Christ would be,if Heattempted to enter this abbey (Westminster) nowK for He OBITUARY. would be arrested and locked up as a vagabond Will be found the latest styles and pioductions A sad and t errible accident without visible means of subsistance. To you occurred within a quarter of ; in ; and to your class He would eimply be a laborer a mile of Antonito. in this conntv rrv-- :whose subsistance you have kept LACES, RUCHiS, EMBRODERIE8, Peterson accompanied by fraud. To wuu the abolition of that fraud, and of the misery wa3 going to the FANS, GLOVES, PARASOJ, county seat on business and degradation Jvhich result from it, I shall and upon returning, about a quarter of a mile RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES Antoto Sister Person raised her henceforth devote my life. It will be no whS And an elegant assortmenf of easy frightened the horse so that h . c:": .. task; not near so easy as being Bishop of Lon-dobut the reward of a good conscience and was determined to jump out o of noble work well done, w better far than a Special department for Ladies' Aliases' and ' InweU.as to stop the frightened fant's . Shoes. horse; she fell upon, the 112, 114, 116, 118 East Tempi Street. -- .. half-pa- st -- , have-not-dared- -to j- . ' ' . lady-lik- . l( -- yi - f" -- X , fellow-citizen- . . ; s ( " n, ge, E.E. THOMAS the-miserab- le so-calle- d EIJPOKM EAGLE ; , Leading Retail . Houe elsIi , To-da- B.K.THQMA! i T-A.i- ES -- iiO-mor- ro all -- S to-da- y, to-morr- hertlon Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDELS ' . ; Gee " n, iJZlTZ G-OOD- . S; 