ask myself the'questibn : 'cOfflpotfitfaour'professio"n's;ainds of our labors such as shall give evidences the are apostles and prophets I lives Do-ouT- . us credit. You mothers, and my younger sisters ZZare Tlo raise up men la instruct kingsandinistefr tbe Lord's Jaws i n JH isL d vi n eorgan izat i o n '.byHia authority. Hence, the necessifyjolmpress, upon the minds of the young, whom you are called to nourishand educate, their divine descent, the ' knowledge of the dignity of their calling and the situations they will be called to fill. A man may have grown grey in the service Of ; God, he may have filled HsTlife with continued' labors in the ministry, yet lie has never received a daughter of Eve at the hand of God until he toqk upon him the obligations of the everlasting priest. hood. And if he lives right, he will prize nothing as he frill the will of God. He will not love'his wife as he loves God, for God gives him his wives God gives woman to man under pledges of eternal '" union. Now, we are being tried and schooled ; and ray heart rejoices in the testimony of Brother Grant,' - this morning, as he taught us the necessity of be stowing upon our "families agood example,the' with- - fidelity tithes and-- pffering pajrtn-and I thought how appropriate these teachings these truths; in the presence of these mothers, 7 and these maidens who are destined to become mothers." When I read the history of those two thousand young men, and the manner of God's 'blessing them under the hands of the High Pries tHela-man- , that they went forth cherishing the testimony God had given them through teachings of their mothers, that' God would sus- - tain them their battles, and whe n I loolc upon the mothers of this people, and remember the sacrifices that they , have made in sharingith others their wifely interests and in cheerfully and freely dividing (heir scanty support that they may car ry out the divicej behests of Jehovah, I say when I realize these things, I feel to glorify God that you have been true to your covenants and the counsels of God Almighty. When I have seen those same men turn and weaken, whom their wives have done so much for. when, the United Order cameabouJtJ saywlienrl: - ' . " '.- i of ... . the-advice- -and inll seeese meT3yeakren7nhenthey have-beeTr- re quired to take their, substance and place it upon the altar, subject to the divine counsels of God and hear them say, " Well, I don't know whether that is very good or not;. I think I can handle my property as well as any one else, and until I can find some one who can handle it better than 1, I will not listen to that counsel'? when I have seen men aged and grey, feeble with age, assume such apposition, with their Wives and children looking upon them those who have been required to sacrifice their feelings and almost break their - h eart- - stri ngsin ord er--to ea r ryou t t h ed m n er decrees of God and then to see their husbands weaken and hesitate when it comes to temporal things, I say, unhappy are the wives of such men; yet it is a thing that has been done. - This is a day of trial, and I speak of these things, that these sisters who are mothers, and will jet become mothers, may teach their ren their sons and daughters that as they prize the fellowship of God, they must prize His gifts. We should make everything subservient tojhe will of God. I tell you, there is nothing in the world that excites thedispleasure of. God, as the abuse of the blessings 4hat He bestows upon us. Therefore, teach your sons to be obedient, to believe in God's existence, and that all they possess should be subject to His divine will. Then would we encourage home industries. Then would thoS 1 who wear home-madclothing" be respected,and then would we become more of a people. And while the trains are heavily laden with Sabbath breakers and transgressors, going to these popular resorts on - . e self-sustainin- g When first the Sabbath, and on moonlight excursions, where of the mountains. valleys some of the daughters of Zion have been corthe people came to this place, it was rupted and destroyed, the. majority of the people barren and wild. But n6w, through the blessings nf flrr it hnc Kppn marta are on the side of the kingdom . of. Godand are ..,. " hnver v."J..uwrJ'wvH sjjwmw hpantifnLy "rind "we strengfe Jesus, and God's bv ely homesj for God did give these homes to us: and thev'nrp Hk I must mv. that each meet- name will be glorified in the earth from the rising to the setting of the sun, and Zion is rising and nig iwat 1 aiicuu, cat.u iuuc . uiiujyi. iuj 'ujv-v-. snine - iortiu Mav .uoa stren2tneirh with those of my brethren, strengthens my heart us in every good endeavor, unite us in our hearts" and my testimony in the knowledge that we alone have the only . Gospel true of the" that we may be'characterized by virtue, truth and ' ' and His. God;"' and living through good works, whether it be by father, mother, sis-tis he or brother, wives or childre n , husbands, sons gracious mercies, which Jestowing jipon this people daily, shall teach them more and more, or daughters, so that we may set examples, to the world, and may fill the stations we are called to that God Almighty has chosen them. He has fill with dignity-anhonor ; and that God may blessed this people and surrounded them with magnificent and beautiful temples, Jhe like of strengthen you mothers and daughters in the call-- , which are not to be found upon, the face of. the ing whereunto you have been called, is my prayer, enrth: He has hlpsseri us in .man V wavs vet we in the name' of Jesus Christ Amen. are only slow ih doing our duties, towards our God. Sister Harriet Snow, Prest; of the Box- Elder-Stak'1 .1 anuj sisters, i!live. nearei l.ci ub, iimen, my uremren Relief Society, said: - r tn Gnd. teenintr fTic rnmm.i'ni!m(nt?. and live artdtto-.liste- n - ur midst ISA rejoice- - to-'cinrVit ' nrlilA litrAo In III TI!o 14.7 j. t to the good instructions which have been "I may say again to you, that we do not live as given! We have been called to labor amongst the we ought. 'Ifthe Prophet Brigham Young were Saints in the midst of the mothers in Israel. to see the loads going on excursions on the" Sab- I. have been made to rejoice in all Gospel the HmirrhtArc rtf 7!rr minrrlrnor ' hnth daV. "tharhavebeen revealed, and I never have with the ;pp!nr would The not feel very sorry Gentiles, any recollection of ever doubting any.onof them for the Saints? You have heard read here this have tried to perform my duties at any time. morning his couns;ls1 gfteTfl&leven years "ago tostep by step, and still feel determined to perform day. He has counseled you mothers to watch very duty that is made known to me. That is over your children; and bring them up keeping - Since I have been inwhy I stand hefe God's commandments; and I beseech you to live terested jn tbe Sooiety of Box Elder Stake, there up to the counsel he gave while with us. Instruct have been two taken off" from what was, originally, vnur children to walk in thp wavs of God and He one Stake. We are striving to store away wheat, will bless you. I know that the hand of the Aland I believe we must have about 500 bnshels mighty is over this people, and I bear my testi- friiK-rvl"now,nd I believe the time will come when we - mAn - rr rrix 5cj tVtA vuv vufcia w v r fr j wuy tVnf flic vials' ivnv "wiirneedTt. rprayTJooTto bless us in all things," and jit is His work. May He" in Jflis mercy bless in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. '.1 - tt: eyes . over us ajmI - nis it. us. may nc - Keep Dr. Edward Isaacson was then introduced, who watch and protect us, so that we may not fail to ' said: do our duties as lie desires us to do, and that we To say I am pleased tosay that a am thankful may keep His commandments, through Jesus " to meet with you this afternoon, wouU not express Christ. Amen. I the feelings of, my' heart: rejoipeWo see so many T To be Continued. upon the great happy faces, and when I and mighty work the Lord is doing, and that this CAMPAIGN POETRY ABOUT MRS. work has been entrusted to your care to do, you CLEVELAND. certainly have a right to be called, "True mothers ' and daughters in Israel.'.'-J. , er d - be in-yo- e T- -i. A W : '. to-da- y,- VJI V V doc-Ttrin- es to-da- y. - n imm . (- . &v- v- - y i- . , ' ; refl-ec- t - - AldTWTTrealizeTioln beings are helpdd and; assisted in the hour of need aid tribulation, when !I realize that the mothers in Israel go from house to house to comfort the sick and cheer the afflicted, I say unto myself, these mothers and daughters have been called by God Almighty, and placed here in these valleys of Zion for the purpose of doing good. """While I was listening, this morning, to Bro. Grant, my heart was"filled with sorrow. . He has told us plain enough that he has been, for days, looking over the records of our tithing, and there he lias found thatrno-mo- re cent of our people' are keeping Jhe command-- . ments of God with regards.to the pacing of tithing. My sisters, this is a law which was given unto the great law giver, Moses, and which; he gave nnto the ancient people of God, and while they paid their tithes and thejroffexingsheir ;tem pies and their cities have prospered and stood in their glory; but as soon as they neglected to do it, we know what become of God's people. These commandments were, again given to our Prophet Joseph, and are in force among us in this dispensa tion; and while Apostle Grant" said it is not right to neglect your tithing, I will go still further and say unto you, that those who do not pay their tith-- . ing, break one of the commandments which says: "Thou shalt not steal!" I love to hear my brnthren and sisters testify of the goodness oFGod, andlo the truth oi HiiTGos-pe- l ; and while the Lord has blessed us and is blessing us, let us keep His commandments and do His will at all times. Let us appreciate these " here enjoy in these great blessings we . some rather' graceful poetry, is the author of the ambitious campaign ode to Mrs. Cleveland, published among tree trade essays in BeljonTs Magazine .and reproduced in The Sun a. few The general theme is that no days ago. crowned Queen in Europe 13 fairer or personally more charming than Mrs. Cleveland. We fin nnt tViinlr fVrnf nnir A mnriia n will ItarMifa the proposition; but Airs. Piatt's verses, con sidered as poetry, are not beyond 'criticism: "Queens may be. fair, even in the cruel sun Of this our Aiy. But runge them in a row, One wears a rose of England wtthering. One , Outglitters Russia's snow.'' that-iwenty-five- per- The idea of ranging the queens in a row, in thecniePsun of July, for purposes of comparison, is harsh and mechanical. The idea of Onfina in a rrxxr writ ViAiif mfnrnni ts ir weather, suggests some grotesque associations, far removed from those which Mrs. Piatt had in mind. Then enpues a catalogue of Queens, beginning with Victoriat tlie withered rose "and ending thus: '.' , ' One hides a girl's face in Spain's widow veil, who loves Virgil's song has hut to stir, One, Or lift her golden head, and the nightingale Sings out his heart to her.'' The allusion, we suppose, is to the gifted Pauline Elizabeth Ottillie Louise who, likeiMrs. Piatt, writes for the, magazines at the usual, rates of qpmpensation, and who contributed a poem to Brother" Henry C. Bowen's" recent celebration of the glorious Fourth at Woodstock, Conn. But it is hardly . 