WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Til E I R INHERITANCE- -- For busy sparrdws, they arc thick-- Pa, try, and buy it yet? Trie grass ain't' thick here like 'tis there, v. Carlo arid us can't play . Half good ;. Q h , e very t h i n gV so strange V hy did we come away? ' Pa, when I am a man I'll work : . And you shall work no morer Pa, you forgot; the home was'ours', 4 e ".' home O, far away in a Two arfskous, parents knelt; The prayer that trembled lips . DeerTlnltheirTiearts was felt" "O, Father, open Thou the way ' That may leave, 1 And.'mid Thypeople grant we may " V A . Inheritance receive." As morning light through darkness breaks, ' ... He opened out the way; Sweet was their joy to leave the world And parting words to say. Through toilsome months and dang'rous paths In gratitude they still Kept on their way., andcloser strove To learn God's holy will. i Ne'er sad complaints nor vain regrets" " Uprose to cloud "their light, - , His voice came nearer to their souls, , His .purpose to their sight; Aye! distance shut out worldly ills And industry made warm Their- hearts with sweet content and closed Theirhomes 'gainst need and storm. ' " Faiftlfl 'grew ah ToulilhrTiarrie Dear childreq laughed and played By purling streams in peaceful streets, Or in their orchard's shade. sea-sid- on-thei- - . -- me You said so lorig before; ' . fain tears fell on the , ... r- we-com- e . Chaos and avarice' had tied; And men were proven true A noble city reared its spires Above its foliage gleen', And J?hadtLv:alk5witlxisilvxr-stieanis-- -.Showed here and there between. In 'humble rev'rence came His subjects,, each and every one VV ith dearest hope and claim-- ; The gift of an inheritance In Zion the redeemed; . .How sweet the Jhope ! and trials past ' Of trivial moment seemed. O, wondrous were the Messed words MvAo the faithful told, Eafclvvas' repaid with justice tru For loss, a thousand fold. TJut others angels pitying ttirned ' And hearts turned feint away,' Who but received the fruit of "seed Sown in a bygone day; Faded and tattered wanderers From Truth, they hail come' back, And saw the harvest of their days " Barren as desert track. ".Inheritance? ;Nbt'masters now, . Servants ye are enrolled ' Inheritance that once was yours .7.' Ye parted with for gold !" We all have duties to perform as Saints." All whot have, received the Holy Ghost have the right to teach the principles of the Gospel and help, defend the rights of the sisterhood,-accordinWe,-havto. the light we have received. to read the speeches of the cultured only women of the world to couvince us' what can be done if we will only throw off the yoke of custom and superstition by which. we have been surroumled, and come to the rescue of the daughters of Eve, and seek' to purify and ele- vate ourselves to that high standard of cultiva tion, which it was designed we should arrive at by our Father in heaven, when we left His presence to become mothers of the sons and daughters of: men. Tha time is fast approaching when we" will be called on to give an account of sg wardships ud how shall we account for the ppportunities lost? or have we done our duties faithfully in all tilings? Have we used the talents given us to the glory of God? Have we not rather hid our talents under, a bushel? Have we dealt unjustly with one another, to : cou rt fa vor, or j u dgetl -- u nj us tly .ou r brother,, or sjster? Do we jut know that "judgment is mine, saith the Lord, I v ill deal out judgment and equity?" and as we sow so will we reap. The exigencies of the times demands an examination of ourselves, aiid let us ask, have we a testimony of Hhe truth of the Gospel that 13 indisputable? If not, do not think to deceive ourselves into the belief that we can stand the trials that are in the near future without a true knowledge, and lose no time in seeking it by mighty faith and prayer, until we obtain it, for we will have to contend with foewilhout and foe within, and if our faith cannot be shaken in one way, it will be tried in another. " We have nothing to support us if " -- we do not livedo that the blessing of God and His Spirit cannot be and abide with us; let us live pure before the Lord, be chaste in our thoughts, and let' true, charity abide in our hearts; let us sacriGce ourselves to the noble work of advancement and culture of ourselves and our sons and daughters; teach them the laws of life and health, of the chastity and purity of the races; let. no false idea deter us from this .duty, as we will be held accountable ' if we neglect this all important subject; let us not forget that our children-ar- e our glory, and we must try to, save them; although they falter by the way, ever be on hand to lift them up; ' never by unkindness give them a push downward, but let salvation and true charity be our : ! . position.s i . So envied by their foes. From east and west the strangers came In cars of splendid' ease, Nor knew, nor cared, the journeys old That had been borne by these; Nor thought; nor cared how years of toil Part of our being grow; How gold is powerless to tind Our rights, though wielded so" .', J They, only saw the city fair, As in its Sabbath dress, And weighed the stranger's pleasure more Than the Saints' faithfulness. -- . Day after day before its King . . . . On fever's bid a darling lies, And pleads with homesick pain, ''I want my own dear little room And playmates back again; I want to see our orchard trees And play around our door, And go to school and Sunday School Just where I did before, O, buy it back, I want to see The Temple. Ere I pray, I look and miss It every hour Why did away? I passed the home where I was born- ;Bessie and Johnnie, too, , A great, proud man was standing there, And caught me looking through; ' So stern he looked and spoke to me, I hurried quick away. O, pa, that man might drive the Saints If trouble comes, some day. Please buy it back, the roses hang Right at my window now, I know the birds havecome to build In ev'ry apple hough; .My swing is by the cherry tree, And where my trap I set -- Years hurried on, and changes great. Had made tho world Lkenew; . - 0 dear one's face, They sobbed, "O, cruel fate That brings its penance though we feel Repentance all too late " , From lip to Up the tidings flew, A thousand times retold; (Aye!' woe lurked 'neath the smiling face - And want beneath the gold; ) "For years of toil and scant returns, To ease lis in our age, , Here is a fortune in an hour Tor this small heritage." From mind to mind the impulse spread," And hand's met over gold That ne'er had felt each' other's touch Had truth ,not wealth been told. And, looking out from open doors, ' How soon the fact was met With lonely sense-- a stranger's face, With cold aversion set. , We'd not bave'sold the home from you, When you were weak and old . You let him have it from us all . " ! b?CJ ust a ban of &jld . The Temple's grandeur, over spires O'er all the valley rose, That House so dear to faithful Saints, We ' ' r and let the spirit of equal ' rights guide their deliberations, that no partyism may destroy the good that can be gone by unity of action.-endorse the resolution of Mrs. Robinson, and do n o t see" t h e n ecrssi ty ot an apology for Utah ladiYs being admitted as delegates.' The Indies of Utah, have-bee'striving t'of years to enlighten; their sisters on these, points. They have an organization which extends all over .the -- world, Wherever .there is. a church., with , this object in view tlie purification and eleva-- r tion of the human family and to raise women to a higfier .plane of intelligence; and we are proud of the success that has attended The efforts, although but few?. in comparison to the whole, have realized that it is incumbenf m all to help, but h'onein the future that more will corno to the front ami help to sustain our paper the Lxponknt and through that medium exchange our ideas, and cultivate the -talents the Lord has given us, and also disseminate the principles of advancement and culture to ojic another, thereby giving confidence and and support to those who 'are in responsible - , , 'Augusta "Joyce Crocheko.v. A FEW THOUGHTS. -- Pear Editor: v- - I feel ft mv duty to write a few linps for nnr - valuable paper. Our; position at the present time is one oi vast importance to the ladies of Utah, in connection with the noble ladies who are boldly taking the lead in giving woman the opportunities for- - development that has been denied the past generation, and that it is onlv a question of time when it will be proved be- ' Z. i. , u A - ,1 . 1, i. r t t Tor youu a uuuut imat woman was intenoen something higher than a mere household drudge: mat ner capabilities, it cultivated, were equal to man's; that God . placed her by the side of man for a helpmate in the fullest sense of the word, a counselor and friend, with the same the same love faculties, the ot goodness,; ot purity, ot virtue, of chastity, of order, of true government and executive powers that man ha3, and which are being aemonstraten in tne movements o: a lew noble women, that are leading out from under the bondage of centuries, and seeking the advance ment and elevation of their sisters, the women of the world; and we, as the daughters of Zion, hail with delight the bright future. BeiDg in. motto. V. for pussession of the Spirit of the Lord, we realize the advancement and success of., Praying the importance of advancement and education, all that tends to the elevation of humanity", . ... ana we will lend our aid! and allii the ability the I am, Lord has given us to this end. Your sister in the Gospel of peace, v We hope the ladies in this great movement S. A. Fullmer. will see the necessity of an unbiased platform, Orangeville, Emery Co., April 20, 1888 1 same-aspiration- .. . s,- ! 1 . 1 1 1 1 1 ' 