31 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. V" and company, ' ' 'Sabbath School;"' I)ialogue;Lottie Paskett and "Annie Kimber Foolish Habit;"' Song, Mary E. Toyne and company, Write me a Letter From Home;" and Camma Atkinson, Song, Mary E. Barlow my Boy;" 'Touch not the Wine-CupFletcher, "Guilty, or not Guilty." There were several others very good ; but too lengthy to' .'put 'all' the names down, v Bro. P. Paskett, Coun. E. Atkinson, Alice Kimber and Sister Betterage each made en Simpson -- M , " Recita-'tion,lHatti- '- v' -'7 ' bur late President Brighami r Youngs birth t i i i .i day; ana saia we naq peuer ceiepraie mat pay; selected three as a' committee to take charge was it,. . i Closed by bless and make out a programme '; ing the children. Meeting closed by singing, "Devest Child ren." Benediction by Coun. Alice Kimber. '".';-'- ;' : '." . . Members thirty-thre- James ! ; visitors- e, - twenty-one- . Betterage, Sec. PRIMARY" CELEBRATION. A grand celebration was held in Rexburg, 6n June 1st, celebrating the late President iJrigham Youngs birthday, lhe programme was rendered as follows: ' Singing by the Rex burg 'Primary Choir. Prayer by the Chaplain, Earnest: Kicks.' binging by the choir. Open ing remarks by Bishop. T; E. Ricks, in behalf of the children, luanutba lhe Norris, was then crowned by the Archbishop, Charles Foes, and an appropriatesong was sung by the maids of honor ; f May-quee- e - some" excellent- n, advice,, that will be cherished in afterj years. A recitation by Jannie Molman, and a , song by the Misses Elliots. Bro. Fogg then addressed the congregation. In hi3 remarks ? he spoke of the good our late President Bngham Young had done, and the Saints had for him. A love the Latter-dasong was then sung by the maids of honor, !l"anf;aLdeclamaMon:ei (.. - ""-- s y audience and spoke well. He was filled with the Spirit of the-Lo-rd , and his Jreinarks sank; of all present, to bud and deep into the hearts bloom in future years." A sons: was then sung by Mrs. Emily C. Anderson, and a declamation given by Miss h annie E. Paul. Bro. James Unsworth spoke of the goodness ""bTthe Lord, and felt pleated to take part in the celebration yof Prest. Britrham Young's -birthday, and "gave rmafiyg0od and interesting instructions. A song was - then sung by the maids of honor. Colin. Emma Paul thought we had indeed had a treat in having our beloved Prest., T E. Ricks, and his Coun., W. F. Rigby, in our a good influence had prevailed. midst; felt-tha- t '. A song was then sung by Rosetta Anderson. Prest. S. A.' Barnes then arose and tendered a vote of thanks to the committee that had got out the material and put up the swings for the entertainment. Meeting closed by singing. Benediction by the Chaplain. The children were then formed in procession and marched down Main St. The children Prest. sang several song3 while" marching. " Ricks gave them what candy was in his store, Bro. Wm. Paul gave several hundred marbles; which were divided among the boys, and Bros. Durrans and Winters gave each child a sack of candy and "nu ts as they were passing their store. The children then marched back to the meeting house, where the picnic was prepared. Afle anernoon sports consisted oi games, swinging, and a dance for the children. The . t tion, "Keeping His Word." The Association d the Throne." Closing Prayer Larsen. Jacob Elder by . A good orderly spirit prevailed throughout the meeting; the selections were well iendered by the little ones, and all seemed to depart with a feeling of kindness. . r ' Yours, ": ':. Josephine James, Secretary. day's entertainment closed with a grand bal1 : in the Rexburg hall. '" S. A. Barnes, Prest,, Emma Paul, sang,-"Aroun- t ... . Diana T. Eckersell, Couns. e couraging and interesting remarks; also bister : P. Hales. m Coun. E. Atkinson spoke of the coming of June 1st, to be celebrated as iuay day, as it ' , primary conference. Editor Woman'sExponent: Minutes of a conference of the Primary Associations :, of. Paradise, Hyrum 'rand Millville wards. The Conference met at Paradise, June 20, 1S8S, commencing at 11 a.m., Coun. Pike presiding over the meeting. Opened mh D. Hirst J. singing. Prayer by Bishop Singing. Minutes of the last conference, which met at' Millville, were read by Sister Crowther and -- adopted. A -- recitation, "Keep out oT A BISHOP'S LAST SERMON; "The following most remarkable sermon of this century.is reported to have beeri preached on Christmas last by the Bishop of London, ' ; i England.", Text "Go to now, ye rich nlen, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon Debt' was rendered by Emma Norris, of the Paradise Ward. Prest.' "Hannah Olsen, of Paradise, reported ward. "There are enrolled the Primary about 100,' average attendance 50." "The.OId Wooden Rocker, '1 hat Stands by the the Wall," was sung by Edith Gambleof ' Millville .Ward The Millville Ward was then represented by Pres. Sarah Gamble; the enrollment was 85, average attendance 30. Prest. Hansen, of Hyrum, reported the 3rd district of that ward. The speaker thought the parents should take a little more interest in the matter. V Mary Obray, First Counselor to Sister Olsen, of Paradise, was honorably released j and a vote ' of thanks tendered for her labors. The Paradise Primary Association wasjben reorganized, with the following officers: Hannah ")lsen, President; Louisa Smith and Isabell ""Obray, Counselors; Josephine James, Secretary; Caroline iarsen, Ass t Secretary; . Ida:. Obray, ':-V"V Treasurer...- ':r : , Bishop James D. Hirst made a few remarks; showed the advantages and the necessity of kindness: encoura jred all to pursue a course that would be approbated of God. A 'recitation, "Little Jim," was then given by Danford- - Bickmore, of Paradise; a card exercise on "Good Behavior," was rendered by - of-th- at :' well-to-d- . .;. -- cIassof llittleonl conducted by Martha Allen., Prest. Martha Allen reported the Association L to-da- y; Jiii , .. ' "'' recita- - o ds " aged.. Lavina Anderson, of Hyrum, gave a . ii - over which she presided. "There are between 80 "and 90 enrolled, and an attendance of about 20- - The children were encouraged to bear their testimonies, and some had without being '' asked. , Sister Crowther,. of Logan," addressed the meeting; said she was very much pleased with i the boys for coming to the front, and made excellent remarks A .duet, ' "Al 1 Together," by Priscilla and Laura Humphreys of Paradise; a dialogue, "A "Place foR Everything," by Carrie Obray and Julia Bradshaw; a song, by Annie Johnson ' and Edgar Wing. Father David James addressed the meeting. He said he was nearly eighty five years of age,5 and this was the. first Primary Conference he had attended; he said many gocnl things. A recitation, "Little Lallie's Wish," by Hallie Yates. Elder Robert Pearce of Paradise, spoke a short time on the principle of obedience. Sisr Pike stated that Sister Molen, Prest. of the Primary Associations, was absent on acr count of severe sickness. She had sent a letter in which she sent her love to all the little boys and girls, and prayed for the choicest blessings of the Lord to rest upon those who attended this conference. Bister Pike wished the children to say Amen when a speaker concluded his or her remarks Admonished the children to be kind to their parents and the ' ' ' vou. Behold, the hire of the laborers, who have reaped your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crieth; and , the. cries of... them .. vhich thave reaped down are entered inta the ears of the Lord of Sabaoth; Ye have lived i i i in pleasure and nave been wanton; ye nave nourished. your hearts as in a day of slaughter. Ye have condemned and killed the.just and he doth not resist you." James v; 1, 4, 5; 6. Fellow citizensThe text which I have just read you, and from which I shall preach the last sermon as bishop that I shall ever deliver from this pulpites one which is probably as unfamiliar to you comfortable, people, as it is familiar to all those who, since it was originally penned, have toiled and sunered lor humanity Although it is read sometimes in the, ordinary course oi our churcn service, yei judging Dy your conduct, your ears have been deaf to its terrible denunciations., From the days wheii I was an humble curate until now,I have had a large and varied experience of cathedrals, churches, preachers and sermons, but I have never yet heard a discourse based on these words, and I cannot" learn from any of my brother bishops or priests, that they have ever used them, or heard them so used. I ean see by your uneasy demeanor that you ae asking yourseiyewiiy, on this uhristmas lay; whepin accordance with custom,'! should be preaching smooth things to you,I should be mad enough to offend youf delkater susceptibili- - ) ties by quoting the sayings of one of the common written eighteen centuries ago, people-worwhich might have done very well then, but which cannot possibly be applied to you and to your class you who come here, clad in nn ml e and fine linen, who 'soma J ''I 1 r...r,..- - , live in Kings nouses, wno iare aencaieiy every, day, and who consider that you have fulfilled every moral obligation when you have dropped a coin into the collection box, before you jstep intojyour carriage to be driven into your luxurious homes- - It is because that I believe that not only James, but Jesus Christ Himself, " w " ' " . of-vo- u.' " X u- T . 1- -e ; -- hurl these words at you with a force and a, passion of which we, in tliis nineteenth century have)ut little conception. Not as a bishop but as aVman, I repeat them to you, hardly h oni n u that, fhev m a vtounh vou rii earfs. hut more as a a justification for my new and strange - position. ', ' ' For years I have been one of you. My home has not been where Christ's home was, with the masses, but with the classes. I, have an abundance of this world s goods. I have , , and I have been a dignitary of a church which is the church of the rich, and not the church of the poor. Without a protest I have mixedf in society with men and women, whom Christ! would have denounced a3 bitterly as. He denounced the Scribes and Pharisees. In the House of Lords I have silently sat side by side With whoremongers and adulterers, and t as silently have I welcomed as myr perspnaj -- 