WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 120 pnblicatkm, and one also to the Woman's Exponent-fohorse back for an- hour and Eliza riding conducted, little of by class day a every girJs, by 1e placed on the Young Ladies record. '.. .....JZ'TT'TL. bolide. il Keller, Snug, i'Hani - times come agaih-.n"ANNA' MrliARDYI Recitation Leah and Reid; by Gena more," by Annie. Rasmussen It has been estimated thai the number of Eddie Bench, entitled, "Two lihle squirrel" Committee. Mary. Kemp, who find regular. and profitable Recitation by Krnily Keller, "Three days In young ladies E. Kellett, Sakai in New. York city as the employment '.deep, by CbliTnrtmsSong'Dowfi Nancy Anderson. thejife.of alone reaches beyond two thousand,- Ethel Lowry, Organ, accompaniead sea,"-bat 10.30 "TUF.TJTaT herresidenceHn-Wanshiprment T) Dora Lowry; Recitation, "Theold M. Tracy Cutler rejoices in the fact Mrs.IL in Goderstof, born Dortha Peterson, Carolina music 1887, by hat' b y Lawrence Lowry; Organ while her that she is now a. great-granmother, 1835. Oct. 8th, Holstein,,. Germany, Shejemigrated to . Rosetta Hougard. ;v alstill hale and .owivmother lives, healthy, Denmark in 1847 with her parents HeriYy and Christine Sister Emmeline B. Wells addressed the chilthan more of .' there married to Andrew ninety years age. Madeline 'Dabe'lsteih dren in a very inter.-- ting manner. Expressed though she bore seven sons Petersop on April1 271857, to whom her pleasure in li.steniug to the exercies which the year, ending October; 31st, there .and During One ..daughteiL.has gone J before lief; -five daughters i had been rendertHj.--Atlvir-fef the, children to the rest, with their father, feel the great loss of a beloved trirn-arencourag- all their playmate- to attend from visitors all of the are The, world, parts wife and mother. Sh received the Gsspel, with her husmeetii g3iud they would then be perform- most oi tnose ifom. aoroao oeing Americans. band, in 1851 and was baptised on the,4th of February in several interesting missionary' labors- - Related in her be1 he Lord manifested that The building for the Ramona Indian' Girls half. year. ing stonVn, and asked many questions which husband with her and Utah to She ernigrated family are very ben ficial for children. School at."Santa Fe, N. "M., commemorating in the and her received 1S66. in She anointings washings A c: If iit morlo fiiia nriiirnnrmtp Helen Hunt Jackson, will cost $30,000. It house of the Lord 'in 863 and had 'twice' been in the remark3r lifter which meeting adjourned. Singwill accomodate one hundred and fifty "pupils. hous'? of the Lord at Logan to perform Ordinances for her Brest. Benediction do "Dare to by right." ing dead relations and friends. She embraced- all the known The. memorial in favor of .granting degrees J. B. Ma. ben. p principles of the Gospel. She was. a member of the to women at Cambridge ;Uni.versity,'; England, Relief, Society.and had been a teacher for many years whom 40 were -hvedra-faithfperforming "ail duties failhfullyrShirdiedTas she ITEir3FROrSTrOHNTT7 head mistresses of public schools, 211 assist Latter-daSaint, which was shown by her last ant lnlstresses in public schools, and 42 professcharge to her family to be - true to the. Gospel for that is ... Editor Exponent: , and ors lecturers. true and all the principles thereof andlistento the counsel Of their father as she had done and God would bless them. I thoni'ht a few lin(J3 from St. "Johns might "The funeral was cotntacted by Bishop Young at the late Dc OI luiereSfc to iuc icaucis wi lut iJAi yjMm RESOLUTIONS OF- - RESPECT, residence of the deceased and appropriate remarks made taleLYou know how we are eetiins along in by Counselor William Crook. Henry Reynolds, Counselor this far off land. I am pleased to say that the Whereas, Gur Heavenly Father has in His infinite to the Prest. of the High Priest Quorumand Bishop Ma- nrosnects look brighter than they have in the wisdom, taken from our midstx ur steemecL if lin of Rockport." She was" followed to. the cemetery by a We have a good Relief Society .here fellow laborer in the past. l'ayson Relief SociejyMsterEliza . i 'i;liIl-.TiT t i' l large multitude of her relations and friends and dedicatory wiin our Deiovea oister, ijuciuuu. ivituey, iur beth Lant, and Com. prayer offered by Elder Henry Reynolds. A reSKieillf WHU Iier UUU3eiui, Aicicua ucustu Whereas, The intimate 'relations held during her long serand Hannah, Arnold who are women always vices both in the' District and Ward Societies of this branch on hand to do all the good they can for the of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, we, band of teachers we a the also, good have, officers and members .of the Relief Society deem it Society; who are willing to do their duties as well as as a of respect that we record our appreciamark proper thn rest of the sisters: in fact. I think we have tion of her; therefore be it Resolved. That the wisdom and ability which she had as good a Relief Society here as they have in assisting to promote these worthy enterprises for had in a shown the past, quite anywhere, as we have, little to contend with; but , we have yet remany years will be held in grateful remembrance. mained faithful to our mission; and I think Resolved, That the sudden removal from our midst a sister will be deeply felt, especially in the district such that I can truthfully say as one of our leading over which she presided, and will prove a loss to the genermen said, that -- those who stayed here were in ; al public. '.:':."' . deed Letter day baintsSALT LAKE CITY, -- . - Resolved, That with I wT we condole with n, we were organized as me ni yonus oiaite the afflicted husband and children and friends of the of Zion. on the 24th of July, by the visiting e our ear nest a that even so ' - i : - - g type-write- rs ' ! a.m.-NoyT-2- ; d . and-wa- s ' .'- -- v - - - great-powe- f, r 1 '. - . Wan-shi- ul y . , worthy-an(L- it ' " , . R.K. THOMAS y "' -- ' - EIFORIUI EAGLE --- ; - 1 V hua fur lf Kmthran I'rmildpn t lit .the Relief Society, Sister E. L. UJall, with Sisters T. A. White and E. M. Patterson Counselors, and Sister E. M. Far Secretary. The Brethren met with the sisters on the. 25th and gave us s .me very good instruction ,i ana aiso as to our auuea as wives ana momerg, ... .... i i or us me 10 liviuir up 10 necessity" explained all the principles ot the Gospel, We have, for Stake President, D K. Udall with E. Treeman and W. Gibbons counselors. Willard As Bishop, Farr, with Erick Larson and Niels P. Johnson Counselors. We teet to acknowledge the hand of the Lord in Having good and upright men to lead i - -- i - i i- - i - ii and guide us. Ever praying tor the weliare . of the Exponent, I remain, Your sister in the Gospel, Claudina Jensen, Secretary. NOTES AND NEWS. - Stone bullets were used in 1514; those of iron are first mentioned in 1550. ; Miss Phoebe Couzins has announced herself as anE independent Prohibitioncandidate for f Governor in Missouri. -- Miss Amelia B. Edwards, the English novel- ist and archaeologist, has been lecturing on "Old Egypt" to crowded houses. deep-sympat- xpress hopes great bereavement may b overruled fat1 good.. Re olved That these resolutions bedspread upon the Record of the Ward and District Societies of Payson, and that an Engrossed copy be given to the bereaved family", and that a copy of the same be published in the Territorial Enquirer and the Woman's Exponent. "Jane "Committee,.. o TJie Leading Retail OmsIi A. Daniels, Clarissa Moore, Sarah Bkeweri on. To the memory of Sister Clara ManWa Draper, of Albert E. and Clara daughter Drap r who departed this and 1887. Whereas, In the providence of an alwise God, he has seen fit to call from our midst our beloved Sister, Maner-y- a Draper. who has suffered. with patient endurance through her great affliction. And, Whereas, Our departed friend and associate, was worthy our highest regard and affection, her labors in our association, also as a teacher in the Sabbath' School, and a member of the choirbeing faithfully performed," We feel that some proper recognition of her virtues be had amon ' us. , U hereas. Her long suffering has been purifying and en. nobiing, and as an example to all, will ever be one worthy of imitation. Resolved, That we as members of the Y.'L. M. I.- - A. of Moroni City realize the loss of so faithful a member; Resolved, That we1 extend our svmnathv and rnnrlfv-lence to the sorrow stricken family and friends, hoping that the Spirit of the Almighty will comfort them in their sad ' hour of affliction. - Resolved, That we present a copy of these resolutions to her parenti.that one be sent to the Homt Sentinel House R.K.THOMAS OBITUARIES, ;tames: jdltvxid sc co.r TINNERS, CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS y .Vgent for RUMSKY'S celebrated LIFT and FORCE Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders irom the country promptly responded to. PTJMP-S.- ' -- Ailrsa. Box 306. SALT LAIZ OITT. Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S , . David Dudley Field takes exercise at the years by walking eight mi le ge ot eighty-tw- hy Will be found the latest styles and pioductions in . LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIE, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And an elegant assortraenf of ! ; i ' JDE1T O-OOD- S; Special department for Ladies' Mhses' and In-fmt'- H Shoes. 112, !H, 116, 118 East Tempi Mr ret. 