WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 116 Woman Exponent EMM ELI WE B. WELLS, - Published semi-monthl- : Editor . In Salt Lake City, Utah one copy, six months,-ft- . Terms: one eopjr yer 82.00, for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil pace, one time, S2.50; per month, 83.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent 'office, No. 25 E.. South Terapla Street, second ate east of Desc ret News Office. Business hours froro 10 a.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. . 1 Address all business communications to -- 00. -T- en-copies . quently by the sisters, and thus, also, much good seed is sown ; it may be as the Savior said of the sower who went forth to sow: "And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the wayside," arid the fowls came and devoured them u p. ; -.- : ciety and Y. L. M. I. A. of the Stake convened on that day. The Bishop drove direct to the meeting houe, where we found conference in session, Sister Mary A. Hyde presiding. Pres. Canute Peterson and wife were present on tjie stand and also sisters from several parts of the Stake ;Sistpr E. Allred, Counselor to Sister Hyde, Sister M. A. Pn'tchett, Pres. R. S. Fairview, also Sister Rebecca Tucker,Levee Terry and Sister Cheeney from that place. The meeting house had been handsomely draped in memory of the recent death of Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith. Sister M, F. C. Morrison and Sister Madson, the local ' Presidents, were both present. Most of the branches of the R, S, in the Stake were represented verbally at the Conference; At the close jbf. the morning session a large number of the brethren and sisters took dinner at Brother Peels, where ample arrangements had been made and a regular Christmas prepared for the visitors " ' ' " "' from different parts of the stake. The Y. L. M. J. A. Conference was held in' the afternoon, Sister Helen Armstrong presiding. Besides reports from the. Associations and brief : "Some fell upon stony places, where the had not much earth; and forthwith they sprung.up, because they had no deepness of earth; . "And when the sun was up, they were scorched; and because they had no root, they withered away. .7 PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, "And some .feH among thorns; and the (horns Salt. Lake City Utah. sprung up arid choked them. But others fell into ground, and brought Salt Lake City, January i, 1887 forth' good fruit, some agood hundred folci, some sixty fold, some thirty fold.". A HAPPY NEW YEAR! A little of this kind of sowing has been done by the women of Zion through the Exponent, and The new year always brings with it a feeling of even this little is both precious and desirable. joy, as the departure of the old one leaves sadness, No more hearty or sincere congratulations can we throw it off in the dawning of the new, as we be given by any, than, we wish, to express for our cast off an old garment we have worn and don the readers and the women of Zion, and the women will it whether .new, scarcely knowing serve us as of all - the - world, hoping- - for a brighter-da- y of those-prese- nt, and -- addresses Miss well as the old one, and yet it is with some little d Olive fairer, prospects,-anthat ere long the strong bands Lowrey related her wonderful experiences:" satisfaction we take "on the new. ' of oppression, that hold the Latter-daSaints in during a long and tedious ilfnessr and her manifes- tations of f the power of God in her being reThe new year is a lime of fresh resolves to and shine bondage may be broken, and Zion'-arisrespleaderit-Jrxlory,Ustored to healths! Ier recital produced a thrilladmiration of all the ; " is one ing effect upon the congregation, and, indeed, engaged, the wish is generally felt if it is world." not expressed, may this year now just entered throughout the Conference a most excellent spirit be a more was manifest in all the addresses and teachings upon prosperous and a more Drooitious BY WAY. THE JOTES given, and it seemed a time of refreshing from on literary- worker, and especially the journalist, shares verv high. largely.. We find it Tioticeable in almost all our Leavng Salt Lake City by the early south That night we stayed with our dear friends the bound train, on the 8th of December, fully anticiexchanges, and the Woman's Exponent feels Morrisons, and on Sunday morning went with.. most strongly the necessity of greater success in Z. D. H. Young's companionship in Sister Leonard Jordan and son to Spring City. pating Sister, the tour through Sanpete County, the disapoint-men- t the undertaking of the work on hand. The de We arrived in time for dinner, at the residence of of hot her a had pression among the Latter-dahaving society Saints, in consedepressing Sister Hyde, at the home of the late Apostle quence of the crusade against this people, the influence throughout the day, as one does not like Orson Hyde. Many recollections of his life and the responsibility of going out alone among the. labors are recalled in many bonds, imprisonments and exiles, and the visiting his house in Spring circumstances of the people generally, has iiad its sisters, when it is expected there will be two or he lived so many years ard labored City, effect upon the paper, and most three together, as it was in this instance; how the in severely, too. The that Stake of Zion, arid where among people women of Zion should feel a sufficient at least, he laid himself down to sleep, after a long degree of ever, when the train reached fountain Green interest in their lepresentation to station, a carnage was in waiting, and Sister life of usefulness, or, as we believe, passed to the support a paper u u cenainiy gives them both influence and Johnson welcomed the one lone visitor very: cor, Spirit world-tproclaim the glad tidings of great prestige, as well as helping to develop the talent dially, and we soon reached her hospitable home, loy to the Spirits in prison Jhere, and to join his " 1.,. and, after a nmiu ami in mis connection we dinnef7attended the fellow laborers and who rmd gone becan safely affirm that it has been instrumental in meeting of the Relief Society at the new brick fore him to the other side. bringing out and aiding, not only young women, meeting house,' Mrs. Polly Ann Johnson presidIn the afternoon attended service in the ward but young men as well, ,, ing. We mnde it a point of having a verbal remeeting house, Bishop Allred presiding. A We look back with a sHght port from the President of degree of pride -occupied most --of the time, P . A. there, and at each (laudable we think), to thehWt published writings, place we visited when it whose field of labor had been in the Southern both prose and poetry, of spme who have since was not arranged to hold meetings with these orStates, and who seemed to with the made a mark and attained to some distinction in ganizations, After a pleasant evening at Sister spirit oTJiis : KmicifteTaturer" Johnson's, spent .in conversation with sveraToT mony to the truuthof the Gospel. The sisters meet The Exponent contains sketches of the lives the sisters, who gathered there to talk the was held at upon the same place in the evening, Sising and peculiar, experiences of some of the most principles of theGospel and systems of work in ter Mary Frantzen presiding. There was a noted women who ever lived, and a the Society.etc we sat up late to write and complete resend crowded house; many young people of both sexes cord of organizations of the Relief Society, home editorial matter for the paper, as everv VM;. Young were present, and paid great attention to the Ladies' Associations and Primary Associations in tor must do after occupying all the with day speakers. Monday morning, with Sister Hyde all the several Stakes of Zion. It also has, from other duties. and Master Royal Hyde, we drove over to time to time, published many original The next morning drove over to Moroni with essays upon Ephraim, where, as in every other settlement, we various subjects, besides poetry or verse, that , Brother and Sister went direct to Bishop Clark; visited, we were very cordially greeted, and most has found its way into other newspapers andjour-nal- s Irons, where everybody goes to be entertained; hospitably entertained. As a mattter of course and young ladies' scrap books, not only in Reeling at half past cue p.m., with the Relief Sowe stayed at Pres.. Peterson's, and thorouehlv Utah, but elsewhere. ciety, dear old Sister Jane Baileypresiding; and enjoyed the visit, not only with the President and The Exponent is also a missionary abroad as' at half the three past Association Primary assem. . . his gcod wife, but with the sisters who came to .11 .. wcji as ai nome, ana goes where it would be very bled, Sister Deborah Irons presiding; The visit us,during the time we were there, and whose difficult for a ".Mormon" Elder or a VMormon" ,dren rendered the programme for the kindness m ever be remembered. There were prepared woman even, to gainadmittance. And it sows the occasion in a most creditable manner, and it must two meetings at Ephraim one of the R. S.. in the seeds of truth, much as it may be despised, ue a great satisfaction to those who by interested aie afternoon of Monday, Sister M. A. Hyde presidsome ana insignihcent as it appears to many. -- in the progress and spiritual of development the with Sister Sarah Peterson, her Frst Counsel- ing During the past year alone hundred of trturtctc little people of Zion, that these associations are and one Y. L. M. or, the of have called at this office to inquire A. inthe evening; concerning the doing such good home missionary work wherever both were well attended, and seemingly much en"peculiar people," and 'especially the "Mor they have been organized. Certainly thos: who all mon" women. joyed by .,' present. Looking over the register over the children, and who meet with preside them book for "the year 1887, there are recojded the Pres. Peterson 'and wife, with one or every. .week, year after year.in all kinds of weather . Tuesday, two other sisters accompanied us to Manti where names of some very distinguished people, and the ought to have the faith and prayers of all Israel list includes men and women from various meeting was held in the Council House in the in this noble parts undertaking. of the globe. At times there have been afternoon. Sister M. A. Hyde The following morning, Dec. 10th, went with presiding, as is very the case when strong testimonies borne to strangers in this there usually are two or more lo uisnop irons and wife and Sister Gee to Mt cal Presidents. Sister Rebecca office, sometimes by .Elders, but much more fre- Wareham, Prest. Pleasant, where the Conference of the Relief So of South Ward,and Sister Jane Casto President of ' . -- from-several -- y e . b- A one-than-the-l- - S7 ast. y w-her- e . most-excelle- o nt co-wor- kers . JhlXJLlMIand -- - be-jnspir- , 1 J. ed 