The Rights of' Zion; and the-WomenZof -- SALT J. l r 1 : VOLNEY'S PICTURE. !' LAKE CITY, :UTAtt, ' Whose picture is it, do you know?" He caught my hands and whispered low, "It's mine ! '.' And climbing to my knee 'It's-syou'll always 'member me;'! And rested 'gainst my cheek awhile His own, with its sweet rosy smile. 7 . ; " His cheeks all flushed with earnest glow, "Yes, but my picture's taken, though!" And answering looks of question, doubt, With sweet lips pressed 'gainst laughing out, Paused, then with mirth so sly and wise, v "My pitser's taken in ma's eyes! J" ' 1 y sacred bards in grander line, That though all Christian spirits twine, Ringing where every choir stands "My name is written m Thy hands." Augusta Joyce, Crocheron. CORRESPONDENCE. ' tt.. i. 1 V Trf)(jmtj 1 - A.X.' i- -- 1 . . dis--tan- ce " ; VT 1 . . , Dear Sister: I have beenx trying for weeks to find a few spare moments in which I might pen a few lines once more, for it is really cheeidng to read the many beautiful articles in the Exponent, and causes me to feel hopeful enough to try again, though so many obstacles are in tht way. . ... T uuue, wim lis luveiy rusea, ia nearly gone, and 'I haye so often thought of you, and wished I wight send you a bouquet of the fne ones growing in our garden; but there is a little one laying in her cradle beside me, "Sweeter than all the roses," that I wish you could see. 'I do not mention my baby as if she were the only one, but because I must, for' my heart h so filled with thanks to God for this precious gift sent to gladden our lonely home, that I cannot look', at her innocent face and keep silent. The "glorious Fourth" will soon be here, and we anticipate having a nice quiet-timhave invited the few people that .live in the valley. The weather is verytvarm indeed, making one feel much inclined-tbe idle. It is ten days since I began my letter, and I thought to finish it at once, but writing is one 1 1 e; " ' i a jt nnma n t t.ir tx?i m cj n VWHH , n ItUU if "I New Mexico, June 26, 1888. Mrs. E. B. Wells: " uncultivated, but it grew wild raspberries and furze, which was always in bloom, and very pretty, and what was better still, it supplied us with as many fine rabbits as we needed. . South. Bountiful, J ulyv 30, 1888. - and there a clump of flowers, and, my father being a florist, they were some of the choicest; a row of majestic lo6king elm trees stood along the outside of the fence, which gave our place the name of "The Five Elms." On one side of our house and garden was a large green sward. where boys and girls, and sometimes father and mother, would join in a merry game of play. On the other .side was our farm buildings, and at the back was our kitchen garden. In the front of all. and next to the'elm tree.". grain was being gathered in. We had already built two or three stacks and filled our barn to overflowing, still there was much to be done, when our dear motherwas seized with sickness. and wasjsoon delirious with brain fever. We were but children and easily alarmed, and we're watching her with great anxiety for we had no one with us, father being in the harvest field half a mile away. "Hark!", cried my sister, ! T JI'1 J i x uiu iislcu; nsiiu, auu uie licai lyuiucui heard for. my&elf "Fire, fire!" In our excitement we ran to the window. Meanwhile6, our mother seemed to comprehend that something was the matter, and in her fright leaped out of ... .1 i i i.. u. tt BiV1UD IUC BlftUB. UCU tlUU .UUVVU iL. UCl r..' lllUI her strength, ehe ran across the lawn, fell down .under one of the elm and fainted. She was carried to the nearest neighbor's house, a few, rodstaway, which she never left again until she . was carried to ner crave. ..... .. ut tne lire, now snail 1 descrioe tnatf : lC hat linnnpnprK tVirnnwli "hn nf the farm lihnrfa taking advantage of our 'father's absence to smoke a pipe in the barn, dropped a spark and it was soon in a blaze. We were two miles' away from the fire brigade, and the same froni water, living upon a high gravel . Mary S. Buknham. hill, where everything is as drynas dust, and before father could reach home all the build- we Knew it ingst were wrapped in names, and mw . 1 REMINISCENCI rnmoirescape, ior nrcoon wnnin xwo vara s of the barn; Dear Editor: In half an hour we had the fire brjgade and with an opportunity to 3,000 people upon the grounds,' hundreds of I have only just met peruse the Exponent tor April 15th. I8S6. them willing to assistrbut very little eould be It contains an article entitled, "The Old done, for our largest wheat stack, valued at Home," which has made me feel as though my $1,000, was burning fiercely away, and seemed very heartstrings would break. It has brought to be laughing us to scorn. "Betsy," said I to the early scenes of my childhood so vividly to my sister, "who cai those three men be on the top of that burninc: stack? Look how the my mind, and "The Old Home" so truly describes my own feelings, that T at once re- - flames are wrapping around their legs, they solved to write a little about myself. You may will surely, be burned to death." The next not think it worthy of a place in the. Exponent, moment we saw the firemen directing the but that I leave to your better judgment. I water over the men, that they might be kept will venture to sendlt, and would be pleased toT wet and cool while they threw the sheaves of - . wheat down for others to drag away on to the gee it in that paper. Brave fellows! they acted nobly, My childhood was a very happy time. I common. , 11 13 J ri uut nicy we J e uauij twiuucu ouuJ wuiu uvui :.. was admitted as a scholar in the Sunday School at the age of five years, where I was as pert save the stack. . But now our patience is about to fectly happy as a child could be, for I loved my teacher as my own "soul, and have gone to tried. Some men are rushing into the house, school manytime3 without my breakfast lest I and beginning to throw the furniture pell mell should not be there before, her, ready to greet on the Jawn.' Now our troubles began in.-- , her as soon as she came. . I do not remember earnest; how we cried. What would mother that during these years of childhood I had' a say to see all those good things spoiled? "Ob, single trouble. My father had a good farm, do be careful of that mahogany clock, father therefore we were surrounded with the combought it only a few weeks ago, and he gave a ' forts of life. We had abundance of fruit and lot of money for it." this was one of those clocks about six feet high, ornamented on the A splendid lawn vegetables in their season. was spread out in front of the house with here top with gilt jknobs; how handsome it looked," - , 5- - . Swiftly the dear one turned aiound, As though a great surprise were found, ' No. AUGUST 1, 1888. let us love and encourage one another, putting jealousy and envy under our feet. Have we not enough to bear of realities without suffering over imaginary causes. Do we not expect to associate together in the great hereafter? and , can we look for perfect love and union there, unless we break down some tf. the barriers to that union and love here? We will, most assuredly, begin at the very point we leave off. --- We cannot -o- vercome-all our weaknesses .at once, but we can and must be charitable, and stand by each other, in spite of these petty frailties, if we wish a clear conscience and the divine approval of heaven. If we have not .thought xf these things it is A certainly time, we were doing so. It is a trying: time to the Saints, and yet we can truly we bad more say there never was a time .1when 1 t ' cause to rejoice ana give tnanKs to our uoa, for are not all the legions below turned loose to try and destroy us, and does not the same - power that, permi tax)f ou rtem ptation hel p us to understand it? and by resisting the tempter and being humble and prayerful, we will prove our worthiness: to d well within the realms of light, beyond the reach of sin forever and ever. His happy voice the silence broke, And fancy's day dreams took to flight, And yet I could but laugh outright, For who could frown against the kiss Of tyrant loving, sweet as this? "Dear little, fellow," sister said, As tenderly she smoothed his head, "In all this time the little pet,.. -Aint had his picture taken yet.' - Ixfi nd itsousterpartm-themes-i-B- Nations the rtyomm-tfidl r u rTUKi JLAMl The morning dawned, and he awoke, Oh, happy heart, that found a bliss In such a little thing as this Yet though his joy so simple seems, 7 of the" tasks which I musY compel myself to perform. Oh, it would be so nice" to be able to run in and chat awhile with my dear friends, for I really get hungry to do sdj and now I an, calling them up one by one in my mind's eye. How encouraging it is to look at their sweet, patient faces, many bearing such heavy burdens. Oh, I fancy I see the angels lift them now and then, to rest the weary shoulders, and the still more weary heart and brain. Jhdeur sisters, do you think our kind, lov- ing Jtather is unmindiul or wnat you jare sur? feriyg to main tarn those pure principles He has revealed for our salvation? Lejt us live the present days of trial in the hope of the great pay, that' the: futurewlll surely bring to Beside my knee my dating stood, just five years old, and sweet and good, Watching my face the while I told Some story bright from pages old, Such as we learned in childhood's da"ys, When suddenly his thoughtful gaze Changed into one of sweet surprise "Ma, there's a picture in your eyes rRhthoj - 1 1 . 1 ly 