WOMAN'S- - EXPONENT. 28 WOMAN Exponent Editor. EMMELME B. WELLS, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Tenns Published one one one copy year, 82.00; copy six months, J1.00. Ten of nine. copies for the price v Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount o regular aayerasers. Exponent office, No.'E., South Temple Street, second gate east of Deseret News Office. Business hours from 10 a.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to ' PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, : semi-monthl- y, -- . Salt v Lake City. Utah. Entered at the Twt Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as ". Second Ctast Matter. ''- Salt Lake City, July- - - 15, 1888, there is not in the --world such a beautiful and lov ing custom. I know not to whom we are first in debted for its beginning, but I understand it s to a gentleman here present. I believe I can say for himthat if he has never done another good act in his life, this act should entitle him to a placejn are titles heaven. All titles of honor here y of age only. The commandment is, ''Honor thy y father and thv mother." you are mamtest- ing love, honor and tbedience for the old;, What have these gone through the last forty years? All remember that forty years ago this spot was a as these, -we desert. Through o the labors of such ..... our beautiful and comfortable sur 'have are roundings. The young who are here also beautiful because of the truth, 'It is more . blessed to give than to receive.' I rejoice to see you all so happy and contented. Ihope you will continue to be blessed and prosperous, and that as long as the sun shines and the breezes blow, this happy and 1 appropriate - custom maycon to-da- To-da- , to-d- ay to-d- ay tinue."- - .. '. - , - :.";. Three cheers.for the Governor was heartily re sponded to. Bro. Dunbar sang one of the favor OLD FOLKS ite song-s- "My Old Wife and I," and the Lehi choir, also J3ros. Goddard "and Willis, furnished J vocal music. Father Bergen, 96 years old, spoke a few words. Mrs. Julia Silverwood and the Old Folks' Choir sang, "Dear Heart We're Growing Old." Prest. A. O. Smoot, of Utah Stake, himself a veteran, as well as a pioneer and colonizer in the Territory, addressed the assemblage. Alluded in his remarks to the presence of the Executive, and said, "It is good for governors and rulers to be acquainted with their people4and see them in their homes and home-livesBro. Savage, with some, witty and suggestive sayings, presented a gold medal, given by Swaner & Bro., of Salt Lake City, to Bro. 6amuel Mul- liner, who tanned the first leather in the valley e from which has descended the phrase used soxommonly in the past, and applied to so many things,and even to the young ladies "Valley Tan;" "Auld Lang Syne'! was sung by the choir, and then Bro. Goddard spoke to the people, tell- anniversary,- - and that JogJbeni Jtjpsras there were 600 people on the grounds over 70 years of age. Three cheers for Bro. Savage were given, and he responded saying: "We have a gold medal here for the man" who turned the first sod in Utah M. C. Carter. He is now in the Peniten tiary, but we will send him the medal. You can seethe plow in the museum." Bro. Carter, let us explain, is serving aterm-- oHmprisomnent-for conscience' sake. Geo. Openshaw, over 70, gave a recitation in Lancashire dialect. Bro. H. W. Naisbitt spoke a short time, and alluded to what faith had accomplished in connec tion with works in turning "these once deserts into fruitful fields." Bro. Goddard called for the owner of the grounds, and was told he was present; his name is Robert Gilchrist. He blessed him and said "the place should be sacred from now on." Old Folks' Choir sang, "Leal by Leaf the Roses Fall. ' One hundred prizes were then distributed according to the best judgment df the committee. Prizes were then awarded to each of the four Utah pioneers who were present, viz.: Millen Atwood, E. D. Barnhamj Jacob Weiler and Royal Barney. A vanety of gifts were dis tributed to old people in the congregation. There were a number of the members of the Mormon Battalion present. r 1 1 is estimsted that there were 3,000 people on the grounds. The affair was a most enjoyable one throughout,. and will be long remembered by the good people of Lehi, as well as the old folks who. ' participated in the day's enjoyment. " Thanks to the Old Folks' Committee, and to all who contribute from time to time to give the aged honor, reverence and comfort, and once a year to them a season of recreation and the oppor , the old folks Ibedcejaaexcufsiorjbf-of this city anddfacentipwns and,settlements. came off on Thursday, July 12, under thrmanage-raent.o- f the "Old Folks' Committee," that has made such a complete success of these excursions, year after year, and has given the aged so much real enjoyment in tho declining years of their lives. The J destination this time was Lehi, and right here we cannot forbear repeating the expression made by Elder; George Goddard on the last memorable occasion, both on account of its originality, and also that our readers may know to whom the idea was first suggested, that has since developed so much benevolence and reverence for those whose days are sad and sober, and who are watching the sunset of life, more than the morn ing ot us rising, Bro. Goddard remarked, in addressing the audience at LeM: "When I pass " the veil, my shall be to inquire for who the good angel first whispered to my colleague, C. R. Savage, the idea of these excursions." Bishop Cutler, of Lehi, and a large number of be-hi- nd first-work- . possible beforehand, that the old folks might have an enjoyable time. The grove where they met is only about 200 yards from the U.; C. depot. The ground was cleared and the shade made complete; one thousand feet of table room was constructed and provided with seats, also extra seats ; a fine shower in the morning had laid the dust, so that 4 ' t ; -- - i.v,. A ir-1JC " nuttee on decorations had ornamented the tables with flowers, and flags, banners, mottoes, etc., were profuse. The Lehi brass and silver bands were on hand; playing their sweetest strains. Besides theold people, the committee and visitors, His Excellency, Gov. West, accompanied the party. "first on the programme after the arrival was the serving of the picnic, the bands playing during the time. At one p.m. the exercises commenced by the singing of the Old Folks' Choir, "Ere the Sun goes down." Prayer by Elder George Goddard. Music by the band Address of welcome, Bishop T. R. Cutler, who thanked the committee for bringing the party to Lehi, and expressed himself pleased at the Governor's presence. Music on bagpipes," W. C. Dunbar, and by the bandsr"Hail Columbia. Bro. Savage introduced Gov. West, whose we give as reported: speech "This, to me, is a very novel experience, but a very agreeable one. I have often met with gatherings of young1 people, but never before with gatherings of the old. When first I came to Utah 1 heard of this yearly movement, and was struck with its beauty and benevolence, but had no idea of its extent. Thjs is the first time I have met with ope it will not be the last. I think you-I,h- ." old-tim- JJieth , 0 tunity of seeing each other and greeting brothers sisters and friends; ANNIVERSARY MEETING. On Thursday, July 19th, there will be an Anni- versary Meeting in Ogden, at the Tabernacle, to commemorate the last visit of Prest. Brigham Young to that city, and also to celebrate the first appointment of a President to preside over the sisters' organizations ir a Stake capacity. - Prest. Young, at the mttfam in the Ogden Tabernacle, July 19, 1877, appointed Mrs. Jane S. Richards President over the Relief Society and Young LadiesLAssociations in all Weber Stake, and said quarterly reports were to be given of thecondf- tioh of each Society, and gave much valuable instruction at that tinie. This was the example Jjister E. R. Snow Smith followed out in organizing the sisters' Associations in the. several Stakes of Zion, and which has been made so uni since throughout the Church. Prest. Brigham Young, Elder John Taylor, Elder Franklin D. bretKrea-gaYClle- .nt Richards in. struction on that great occasion. Prest. Young in his remarks said, concerning the mothers: "Mothers are the. moving instru. ments in the hands of Providence to guide the destinies of nations," and he exhorted mothers to teach their children not to make war, but to teach them peace. He asked the question, "Who gives the key to the nations of the earth? It is the mothers, and not the fathers!" Prest. Young on that occasion.expresseoV himself pleased with the way in which the sisters had responded to his ; counsel in regard to the storing of grain. His instructions were most fatherly, and it seemed as though every one present felt the influence thereof. It was the last time he spoke to the Relief Society and Retrenchment Associations, and it seems most proper to commemorate the " event. .' :, It was the intention of Mrs. Richards, last summer, whom he then appointed, to have held an anniversary at the end of the ten years, but the severe illness of Prest; John Taylor last yearf "caused her to postpone it till this year. It is now eleven years since the time, and it is expected that it will be a general rejoicing. There have been elaborate preparations made for a dinner party by the sisters in Weber County and as they have been so very successful in times past in matters of this kind, there is no doubt that all JMSiJ?iIl be. done i n order, and the utmost har mony. The dinner will be served in the Third Ward Meeting House," from 12 to" 2. Services commence at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. There are a large number of peopleTfrom Salt Lake City going to attend the meetings. Several of the Apostles are expected to be present. arid-oth- er- -- ' ' DEAF MUTE INSTITUTE. There may be amoner the readers of the Woman's Exponent some mothers who have. unfortunately, deaf mute children growing up without any knowledge and who may never have heard of the new Territorial Institution for the education of deaf mutes, established by the Legislature; it will not. therefore, be amiss to say something of the purposes and aims of this institu tion. ... , It consists of two departments, a" school and a. home. At the . school, the pupils are taught to read and write at first, and then, after thev are sufficiently advanced, they are taught such useful branches of knowledge as are commonly taught to children in the district schools, composition, arithmetic, grammar, geography, history, etc. A course of instruction in speech and will also be given by an experienced teacher in all cases where the pupils show an aptitude, for t. : ; lip-readi- ng ." ; 