io7 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. TO MY MOTHER, IIORNE, ON THE SEVENTIETH V ANNIVERSARY OF HER BIRTH. MRS. M. ISABELLA ' ' - . Myheart is filled with gratitude and praise yfh kindly lengthened out thy days, That thou might'st live to celebrate on earth, Seventieth Anniversary of thy birth . In life's long drama thoa hast played a part Requiring true integrity of heart,- , . With patience, lovc.,.andL charity combined . 11 , , .. . :: ;.i And since, obedient to thy Father V will, Thou cam'st to earth a mission fo fulfill,to know, Hast striven humbly thy mission filled here below. And nobly thy f' 41 --' ..." ' - there - are matter-of-fapeople who think the money spent for evergreens or flowers, is simply thrown away, when one cannot go into the woods and gather them free, which i3". of course ever so niuch jollier7and they will remark, it would buy so much meat, sugar, or some substantial; but on festive oc casions, birthdays, or holidays, I would very much prefer a few flowers, and some wildwood an elaborat-eh branehesy possess: ' is usual dinner or repast as ly; served upr to To the children Christmas is nrTims ftf fnncf. ' VMk; p -- tempt- theappetite. Eating As not ones wnola ' ihg and Testiyity me fn life; simple fare," with peace and con some mirtn, out. to those who have arrived at object more conducive to health and the soberer period of life, and who have battled tentment, is and, I might add, a long life as much with the cold, hard world, it is a sort of happiness, wel 1. i"J.... res b fora I i 1 1 r t i m p: Many & time and oft have I strolled through ' thev : gather fresh hone from briVht flowers. wood's and groves in holiday time, to gather woven into memory's carland. that were culled the fdodlaud trophies of pineyspruce and hemlinked with the .silver lock in the days gone by.1 and 111 .1 boughs, and the trailing vines:that lie cords ot love that thrill through every fibre of buried under a mass of dead leaves, and old the human heart at the gentlest touch. Each V moss, when perhaps the snow, too, had covered one of these csavins?o both xpleasure and rain: and t 1 them deep, but we heeded it not we were each one having its own peculiar history. youthful and exuberant, the pulse of life was " When time has past and seasons fled, quick, and we only looked upon it as a part of Your hearts will feel like mine, the holiday fun then, turning our faces home ' And : wood nymphsso fan aye, the sang will maist delight ward, fancied ourselves ... That minds ye o' lang syne." tastic would be our appearance among the and we would, repeat to each Even the children will stop in the midst of boughs and vines, the most weird and frightful legends we their wild delight or noisiest games to listen to other could recall, especially the boys, who delighted is a the song, or story of olden times, in teasing and frightening, if possible, the charm about the old, that fascinates the ear, timid girls; hiding in hollow log3 and springing and in imagination we draw a picture, we can in lone places, to make us run -out not help it; we think of the. stories we have and suddenly but all wa3 fair at the holiday scream, heard from the beautiful lips now closed m and an .offence was usually, forgiven dreamless sleep, and the very remembrance season, with a kiss, for these, you know, are always stimulates us to so, perform our part on like when good humor and merriment occasions, that our children and our friend's plenty, : abound. .:.v : 'ilzilLi: children may remember us, as lovingly as we Music and dancing are generally a part of do those, who 'gladdened our hearts by their the holiday entertainment, and the old dances, presence and contributed to ouc entertainment such "as the Scotch Reel and Sir Roger de in the long ago. We eveiTecall the Co verly, are most in favor, but the good old the manner, tho dress and aye the, tone' of "arid stories please: the children, and we voice of those who were our good angels in songs ransack memory's cabinet where many precious former Christmas days. We know how the lie hidden 'mid cobwebs and dust, to rechurch was decorated and festooned and how gems call the words, once so familiar to our ears. the great bell pealed forth as it were the an Tears in the eye, and great sobs swell thems. of gladness, lhe evergreens were to us u i ou sparkleroatsr fbrbidding utterance fora p symbols of that affection, which neither cold moment,as we are reminded, of the sweet nor heat could ever change, but would always .voices that once mingled in glad chofus with 7 the be fresh and green atwdiatever season. happy throng around the hearthstone in were always The great wide open the old, old home. But life is made up of . Lt.. "I.!. auu me ana to mat iro swung turkey inviting, gunshine and'Ehade, aotl 'tis7sweet:to remem- on the spicket, growing browner and browner, ber" e'en though there were some paths thickly r is one of the incidents memory has no power to strewn with thorns, yet there were blossoms too, efface. "There were giants in those days," a3 and the ; joy was more exquisite by contrast. well as "fairies and elves, and there were those "There's a feeling within us' that loves to revert I. who fancied ghosts still hovered round, casting To the merry old times. that are gone.'l their gloomy shadows over the happiest fire sides, and the hobgoblin tale3 that make the "0, how glorious 7twill be," when we will bo children s eyes sparkle with delight, have been able to sit down and converse with those now handed down from generation to generation, "beyond the gates," and recount the many and are- still repeated jWith; the same gusto. scenes, over hich "memory loves to"" linger. , And inthosecholLday.evening3xafter the savory rBut while here let us enjoy the blessings vouchdinner, and dessert ot plum puddings, piesr safed by our Father in licaven, not forgetful of cakes and fruits, then followed the gathering the little courtesies and attentions that are so in groups around to hold sweet converse Al 7 charming coming from those we love, and that most every country house is profusely, if not give zest to the. "amusements and festivities artistically, decorated with evergreen in boughs whether in the Halls. of the rich or the cottages and vines, and the aroma of the woods is in the of the poor. could almost one atmosphere ot the ; rooms; , Aunt Ear. ucprcfciiyg trie spirit. I Happy mothers in pleasant homes all over the broad land, are 'preparing' and arranging for the Christmas. Holidays: everv nuho. thrttU with Joy atthe anticipation-o- f 4he-avent of - 'dantauaus," and even, inj the poorest, humblest homes, there are gladder thoughts at Christmas time, for there are many benefactors who remember the needy, anI give liberally of the, abundance which it has beentheir lot to - - rk Armed with virtue, purity and truth, Thou passed uuscathed the trying scenes of youth, realm of usefulness, And entered-woman- 's A spirit pure, to comfort, cheer and bless. United, then, to one of sterling worth, An honest man, a noble son of earth, -A wife's whole duty thou didst strive to do, As faithful helpmeet, and wise counselor, too. know- - ct ' ! fre-queht- iy ' -- . or4angled-vinesT4o-suc- A . . t-- A ' . ' - The Gospel plan was then to thee made known, The way to life and exaltation shown; ' Thy soul rejoiced the heavenly truths to hear, .And faithful proved through each succeeding year. -- .Though trials came, thy heart with grief to fill, Thou bow'st in meek submission to His will Who doeth all things well. He knows thy heart, To thee a crown of glory will impart. But not till charms of motherhood were thine. Did thy true woman's soul resplendent 6hine. Thou art, indeed, with virtues manifold, A mother, of the purest truest mould.- - . '"' ' And though some jewels rare that thou hast worn . . . .. . -- With many gems thy mother's crown is set, Or may they never cause thee to regret The years of toil, care, suffering without measure. Thou hast endured to give them life and pleasure . for-there- : 1 ; , very-look- , - from thy earthly crown with grief been torn, They sparkle yet in realms of purity, And thine shall be through all eternity. Hath can words our loving thoughts express? They seem so cold, so weak, so meaningless: The heart's affections they cannot reveal, The depth of lovefjand gratitude we feel. Oh,- - how - J- : d WisdomnboundedHuragereng4hC-Hndr life-wo- ?nsl iiiowau ui haunts me still, though many a year has fled, Like some wild melody." rTjt - - -- days, for even though we do double duty, it is of such a pleasant nature, that itr buoys one up 1 n-- r-- lh . 1 fire-plac- es May heaven bless thee ! angels hover near, To shield, protect, to comfort, bless and cheer; May life, health, peace, prosperity be thine, And every blessing round thy pathway shine. And though my heart would other words dictate, I will refrain, and humbly dedicate These simple lines to her who gave me birth, A loving tribute to a mother's worth. . 1 .- -- -- -- - A- M. 11. T. Nov, 20, iSS3. - -- REMINDERS. 'Let fate da her worst, there are moments of joy, Bright dreams of the past," which she cannot destroy, Which cpme irrthe night time of sorrow and care, And bring back the features that joy used to wear." -- - . One of the best reminders of the good old days, ,13 holidayweek; ylfialsd Frej u Venator TimaginTHmseJfria to young and old. Everybody expects to be is the air wilhhese"del ighTfuTpeTfuie on their good behavior and to have some little The women of Ohio organized a State Coun- -' and white winter beYries peeping out from asit-wer- e, leisure; io4ay aside among the evergreens, make a . most tasteful cil at Columbus, October 1 1 , with Dr. Martha day homely cares of life and take up the picture. These are little things, but children May Howell, of Cleveland, as President, and" Dr. Juliet Monroe Thorp as Secretary. wand of enchantment that turns everything it never forget them; they make an impression life one mind-and as touches into joy; and gladness.- - He who is not upon the itself, lasting In consequence of the death of Dr. Rachel ha3 accustomed to such been childhood aaPPJ who carries with him some great sorrow who in Bodley Puhdi ta Ramabai's book is placed in anticipates ministering" gcenerand gatherings can "shu t his eyes anyothers, and in- - so doing . forgets bis : own grief where. even in a foreign land, and see the place 4he hands of the W. T. P. A. Orderslehauld-bsent as follows: To Pundita Ramabai; care How sublime the that many the friends, the jdefails of the room, and almost Woman's Temperance Association,161 La Salle People exercise on holiday occasions. . I never hear the merry laughter and the music. As the ' ' : : could understand why some people dislike hoik poet has said, ; 7 ; r v - gtreet, Chicago. -- ior-the-ti- me, he-every ; e self-forgetfulne- , ss -- 