WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 146 to - 113 those who put their trust inTJim And heeding the divine iujunctioh. Seek re learning from the best books, let ug by study, perseverance and the cultivation of the mind, prove tint wo are worthy to walk by the Bide 7"" of thooblelhTiTof earth. And if those on whom We hayo placed our affections fail w, look to heaven for aid and knotf that they, are unworthy of one single sigh or tear. Let U3 not herald the faults of the household abroad, but while there is one ray of hope, pray for them' and ahvays deal gently and kindly with the erring one?, for "ho that is merciful shall obtain mercy." In nil ages of the vorld when there has been a conscientious people on the earth, Jliere bass been a religous test of their faithf and so it is " .... . " to-da- ' v'- i " - Maggie B randlea ; 1 Burr. ' Here 13 a raonuiiient to the memory7ot U.- S. Navy; Cai)tain James. Layrenc3 of.t'ho to brave soIlref3 who erected the; and another ' fell i ifthe civil 'war. We visit the Stock Exchange on Wall Street. :Wall Street lis narrow and dingy, with high : houses on each side, not at all like those we pass on Broadway. Wo go in the gallery and lo-ovcr a' vait scene of excitement exhibited below.' Itj3 alarge room, with telegraphs and telephones, by which," I suppose,'tJiey communicate with business peopL' outside. Most of KVfhVs: dfh her sister. Mrs. Chapman, the - mother of 'lijtle Charliexiantt Deborah make a me very pleasant, household, and they receive is amply abJd to stand by unto the end, umua iyjuuiau - ui very Kindly, me to the train, but we are just a mmute J at' and seo the train putling out aheaoTof ns. We stop at the depot and rest awhile" then go back to the house and spena a very pleasant evening I read Tennyson to the girls while they sew.' . Williamsburg, Sunday, May 17. I got back yesterday all right. Charley did not come home with. me. When 1 crossed the terry 1 held up my head and tried to look a3 if I knew what 1 wanted and wnere to nnu it, ana me cabbys did not molest me.. 'I attended" the "JJutch ICetormed unurcn tins raornwig; tne minister read from, Genesis and Deuteronomy, jjud preached on the law of Moses. Attended , Sunday School in the afternoon-- and meeting in the evening in the Methodist Church. ' ' Monday, 1. Weather fine. Went to vi-j- t Mrs, Henrietta Stafford, a cousin of Rebecka's. Called at the hotel to gee Bro. Hart. He was not in, and I left my card, saying I would call at five. We had a., long ride on the elevated railroad; jt was mi ite pleasant, and to me quite' -- romaiitie,- ri'Jing-upeople's second story windows. We had a very pleasant visit. Coming home we 'called .on Bro. Hart,and made some arrangements about--goinhome. He has promised to escort us to some When we got places of interest home this evening we counted the distance we had .traveled, and concluded that we hail been miles by street cars and ferries, and twenty-fiv' had a nice visit.Wednesday, May r 20. Weather pleasant. Nettie and I ptart out early this morning to meet 13 ro. Hart at his office according to ap: "pointment. We cross Fultou Ferry, and as we arc off the street car line we have a long walk. We see "many things of interest, among EY M- - MY- J. TANNER. Sea Plain, Thursday, May VX Weather rainy Lam very "lame and weary tliii morning after my long walk yesterday. It storms so we cannot go to Aunt Fanny Rogers'; it is a long walk they tell mo, and Cousin Jce cannot get a team to take us out there. Josephine, their. youngest daughter, comes home from Springtown, where she is working; the wants a. necktie and apron "made for the sociable this evening; I am pleased' to make it fur her. I take a nap, after which cousin Rebeck a and I go to visit their daughter, Mrs. Gifford. Wc have a very pleasant visit. Wc have fried oysters for supper, They tell me how the oysters aro raised in that locality. A "small, inlet or arm of is chosen, winch is smoothed and over dragged nicely; the ground 18 then sown with the spawn or tiny oyster. In and in creased, and the oyster bed is raked, and sizeable-ones selected for eating, while the smaller thrown back'. Mr. and Mrs. Giflbrd are one3 have six children, who are all at home to visit with me; each one givertio a card or shell or some little keepsake." Mr. Gilford gives me a number of shark's teeth, which were found aome distance down in the earth at a place called Shark River. Rebeeka and I go to the sociable with Josephine in the. evening.," The sociable is held in a largo frame building; the people. are gathering when we go in. There are tables spread through the room, on which people are placing their me somewhat of home. Every lady has on an apron, and a necktie corresponding with the apron is put in an en velope and placed in a box to be drawn. A frcntleman" n.iv Twont v.fU'r When he gets his necktie he gres around the ladies to find the among apron likchis tie. When he finds it he must take the lady in to supper; the supper, of eoim-c- , must be paid for, and the proceeds go to .the church. Some gentlemen buy two or three. draws." It is quite amusing, but as there is neither music hor dancing, .and as Rebeeka aud I have no aprons and get no supper, we go home early. Friday, May 15. Have given up visiting Aunt Fanny Rogers, who, by the way, seems to be qujte an historical pcisohagc; they tell me she is very aged; that she has a long list of. names in her family Bible; but asshe is no relative of the family I am not likely to swell the list of genealogies I am collecting, I have concluded that I must not linger here, miiehVs I would like to do so! ; Cousin Rebeeka comes with me U the depot, andVgivesme au affectionate good-bye- r f sTon at Red Bank, where three oMier da'ucdite lne. They rent a house and v,'crk at drW makiDg. Mice, the cue I met at mv co'Ha . ' theea -- picnics-remindin- - p - " " w. ; htehO;tYedTnnity ChTTreh; wgcthTonglr the Church, which, is a very fine building of granite, with stained glass windows, and, indeed, I am unable to dcscrifie it, so wo will pass on until we get to ''Battery Place," all- right; we here is Bro.;Hart waTiiTg for us. ,fi He gets my ticket for Ithica while we. are resting, then we start out to see the city. First we go to the Cyrus Field building. It is a public buildingrar.d: scemg mostly olficcs; it is ten stories high. We go 'up .on an elevator to the .roof, which is llatTwith a railing round it. There is an awning with seats under it for' pleasure parties," and a restuarant where 'one can get refreshments. Wo have a lovely i d v e w o f t he city a n the bay ; we see B cd ! oe's Island, where the famous Bartholdi' Statue is to be.placcd; we can see the pedestal being built; al?o Governor's Island; the bay is' dotted with - oil-Noj-a- nxl boatrWe overlook Castle Garden,-to-f which we hTve a line view,. ls 7 . Test. XilC.'Uili UUU.1UU1 nil' iMUiouiuuuni auu make a perfect ''Babel."- They are well named, the "bulls and bears" of Wall Street. Here" ifortuue3 are, bst and made; money changes handsmen iro in Tich and come out poor: or go in poor and come out rich. We go to the new post office; it is a very large granite build-in- c with a dome: we co up as far as we can - the root. JLcavingnne eieyaror, wemaKe several turns and come, to a llight of stairs; we ii n i!iu;p nn.l rome to 'another flight, which V . 1 Ti 1 ! .1 J u large,. me is n ".aonie. pfiTTgsusinsiue room1, ligh.ttd froni the roof., Here we sec nothing but piles of; lumber and carpenters at work at some benches in the distance. -- 1 up-furnish- It n i'l'Am IitJriur , 'A luui e - 71 ic-- -- Gnthevatiirwitk-tliimjjLgosug g - if. 7 - . 111 ctonr-linr- T . : f'hftlrs wlitr. men sit and stand in groups, indicate, I suppose" business centers. ICvervbody seems to .be talkcarry- - strips of paper ing at once, and and instruments to various parties, from the . . I .. . . l .1 now and. tneusome voice jts.uetmt auuve ms nin ; JOURNAL. ; , . LEAVES "FROM - ; ui-;i- ii fni enrnriepfl T - - of" the dimensions of the room. We are very tired and somewhat .discoui aged when ve look at the stairs we" must climb before we can see out. In the center is a narrow iron staircase with railing?; we look at the stairs and then at each '.other'.. One says, 'l)o you think wecan go up there?"- , "It is . a pity to come so far for n ,t rLcdva lift ,4lv;7H f. can certainly go up .there , if the ladies can, so after sitting awhile on a pile of lumber to rest"" and discuss the matter, we decide to go up. Bro. Hart lends the wav; and after going up ste'ns.- we 'reach a small platform' ttTcritv-fivand stop to get breat h. Vt'c tu rn aud go up another llight, and finally lcnch the top, after climbing seventy five steps. Here we !nnda : SDace railed in, where wc have a lovely view oi rr r''tr" i t in' ' - L, fjr i l.VV..! ii llf.'.e ' J 111, which .and experience a delightrepays u 3 (or the weary ascint-.- -' It is. Impossible to describe the scene; there are houses and houses as far as the eye can reach, and all through, both near . an d tar, bristle id egr a ph pole s..ll Aflexieaalin. our eyes on the panorama, we .go down a bun- dred and iitty steps betore we reacn tne elevator. We take a street car for" Central Park; we arc glad of the rest the ride affords; it is about four mile?; we get off the car and walk quite a distance to the entrance We pass rows of elegant residences tho "browa fronts" we read of. Streets of residences arc distin- business streets by the stairs that gushed from A . ' m o i jeau irpm me iront ioors to me paveiueui. door under ihc stairs leads into the basement of the house. Whole blocks look like 'one house, but each pair of stairs mark a gparate residence. Stores and business houses open directly on the pavement. On 0 street seenis entirely business houses and another all resi-- - -- ,.-- 1 . - lli-IT- - e " 11 I'.r-rV- 1 mO.-?llhe,re- . v- -- 51 1 m-U- I. 4 Here, too, ends, the elevated lailroad line, and everything we look down upon is beautiful. Descendiug, we go through Castle Garden, and see where the emigrants land. It is a large circular building, entirely covered in, and was originally built for a theatre." A few pcoj)le are. here yho seem to be waiting. The eiTcIosure which surrounds the hou.e is laid out in lawns and Jlower gardens. Within the twoenelo?uw are buildings for temporary where sick the can be eared fjr until hospitals, further arrangements can made. we Returning, repass Trinity Church, and you can see, is a continuous line of. stairs. A take. a look about the grouuds; the heroes of a New Yorker, would, no doubt,- laugh at my past age are sleeping." I think, as I gaze upon description of thtir city, but I. can only write thp monuments and tombstones, and read the of what I saw. " - ' inscriptions, what romances might be woven if one 'could ..but penetrate the silence that separates us iVm the past. Here lie3 Ahxander How fiercely wo pounce upon our best Ha m i tony cnctrthc-U-fa o f the elite of friends when their opinions are the opptsites w York, but the coat1 of honor demanded that of our on! How iitUewe tolqrate. liberty of . iiuU. or misundcrf.t?jidicg3 ianit he ei(W thought in others tluuzh claiming it so. pas-." j wiin i;oo :, snci vi ieit by Hie hanri f Aar:rn natclv for curselvc; ' -- . 1 1 . 1 1. b-- j " - . 1 -- 7 ; ed 