WOMAN'S EXPONENT; 190 v it Y. reso-'lutfdos- I. Mr-- M. A general conference of the Young Men's Mutual improvement Assdciations will be held in the Tabernacle Salt Lake City, on Saturday and Sunday, June 2d and, 3d. Meetings will commence-eacday at joa.m , 2 p.m. and 8 p.m. The general and local authorities of; the Church are requested to promote the interests of this conference, so far as they are able, that it may be largely attended and productive of the utmost .... good. A general invitation to the people is extended to . ' be present. - . Te go on'until we are perfect in all things. , " Manuscript Paper, nth Ward, ' DEDICATION OF THE TEMPLE ' AT ' MANTI. It has been decided to dedicate the Manti Tern- -. pie on Monday, May 2r, 1888. The dedicatory services will commence at 10 o'clock a.m.' The Quarterly Conference of .Sanpete Stake t will be Held on Saturday and Sunday, the 19th and -- r- - -- - R. S., , . ' . It-wi- ll who-desi- re 1 , , " " Y7MrM7TTA7:"' -- Y; L. M. 1. A. & P.- - A. REPORTS. Ul 1) ' 111 WJ'"'T'.ak.!' 1 dorse the remarks - that had been made, and o encourage the Sisters in thelabors they Were engaged in; said they generally went ahead in all they undertook. ' ;. Prest. E. G. McDonald had been well the instructions given by the pleased-wi- th brethren; thought 'ttie time had been prontably snp.nf. in onr rnnferenne. .Conference adjoufaed. for three months. Singing, "Do what is right," .etc. Benediction tt : by Collings R. Hakes. President, Elizabeth G. McDonald and Counselors, and a fair representation of the branch ofiicers; also. Prest. Charles I. llobson and Coun. Collings Hakes, with a number pf the : brethren. Conference opened with singing M. Sec. Sarah Pomeroy. and prayer. x Aiter a few brief remarks by our President, the roll of officers were called, which ' UTAH STAKE. were generally responded to. Minutes of previous conference read and "approved. Minutes of the quarterly conference of Utah Prest. E. G. McDonald desired the Spirit of Stake, held March 9,. 1 888, Prest. Mary John the Most High to rest down upon us arid, we could not fail to have a good time and of and Marilla M. Daniels; Sister L. W. Kimtall ' deriving benefit by meeting together. ltrsopreserItr'Conference opened bv singing Verbal reports were then given by the branch and prayer, the reading of the minutes-- of the presidents, which were very satisfactory. , previous conference, also the reports for the had visited all the branches past six months, after which Sister John spoke .of the Society since our last "conference: had Ka r t r n iwH filTo 'visited the fast meetings,' and found but few present, which caused serious Jenections; felt faith to enable them to come out; hoped ; the that we should be more alive to our, duties. Lord would assist us while we were convened "We are not forced to do right: the Lord togethei-rerttrelta willing heart." Asked the questions, "Are A Uto to we tus uuneu as we suouiu Der ''Are we living hear from each president inasmuch as we have up to our duties and privileges?". "Weshould time; would be pleased to hear from Sister L. have our hearts warmed up with love and W. and will Kimball, who is with us towards those who are and sympathy afflicted, giveaway for her to speak to us.";associate in our meetings as sisters and friends. Sister L. W. Kimball said she felt like Let ua be classed with the wise virgins, having greeting her old friends and neighbors with, oil in our lamps, which Spirit of God, "How do you cdo," and a hearty shake of4the for without this Spirit we can neither interestf hand. The last conference she attended in nor instruct others." Exhorted the sisters to Provo was in company with Sister E. R.' Snow be faithful in attending their meetings. Smith wVlfi roitK mornr rvtVioi. rJoor fripriAn fi.nd Coun. Morris felt that those who neglected had passed on to anothersphere of their meetings were the losers by it; rejoiced in oister ouow is uui, ucau, ow ttutiuu, all the" gatherings of the Saiuts of God; had lives in her poetic effusions, "she lives in history, never felt stronger in the faith of the Gospel ' having been identified w ith the Church ;since than at present. 1835; sharlives in the "hearts of the Latter-da- y The statistical and financial reports of the Saints." The speaker referred to her last Stake were thenjead bythe Secretary. All visit with Sister Snow :jl few days "prior to her thname, sjtfJhe officejs were presented and demise; although very feeble in body her mind " were sustained by a unanimous vote. was bright and active, her spirits buoyant; she Prest. Charles I. Robson spoke in a insaid she was very to go at Father's bidding," teresting and instructive manner of the various but if it was willing His good pleasure to spare her, duties and obligations we were placed under as she would like to help her sisters fight for the the Saints of the Mos High and as members right. Said that she regretted that Sister S. of this Society. "The-- , love of the M. Kimball had been prevented by the Bevere Gospel ought to be nourished in our hearts." Felt snow storm of last evening from being present roud of the sisters, and, the' labors were they with us She was-thonly womana now ' : performing, they' were doing a good Hrk. i;..;., ' :i ha t ,i Spoke in a forcible manrier of the predictions School of the Prophets in the Kirtland Tem- s, . ' , s Sanpete. Stake President Canute Peterson and his Counselors, Henry Deal and John B. Maiben Or to Superintendent William H. Folsoin, of the Manti Temple, arrangements, doubtless, can be . . . w win iui uauspuilduuil aliu AM" j comodation. Admission to the Dedication services will be by ticket. These tickets will be given to the Presidents of Stakes, and, in their absence, to their Counselors or the Bishops, and by them wtlT be distributed to the members of their Stakes and Wards, who are in goodtanding,- ,be well for the members to go to Manti on this occasion to ascertain beforehand whether the President of the --Stake Or the Bishop and Coun :il selors nt Ihp VVsrrl in mViich thu.. Kln at "the1 Dedication services; for if. none of these should be present, they ought to provide themi seives, oeiore leaving home, with letters of recommendation, so that they may be admitted to the Temple without question. - ur . ' and-'member- General Superintehdency . Report of the Relief Society Conference of Maricopa Stake, held at the Mesa Hall, March 27th, 1888, Mrs. E. G. McDonald presiding. There werepresent on the stand our Stake - be by teams. ; While it is desirable that all the officers of the Church who can possibly be present at the dedication should be there, still it will be necessary for all who go, to make arrangements for their own 'transportation from Chester to Manti, atid also for their entertainment while there, eitlatMRtor-soinenheraes- rt me.nts. The accomodations at Manti are limited; but on such an occasion as this, no doubt everything will be done that is possible by the residents to make the visitors comfortable and to furnish them the necessary entertainment. By addressing letters to the Presidency of the " gi MARICOPA! STAKE. 20th of May. .. It may be necessary tocontinue the services of w man uuu .uuuiauwii uay (i ills mil UC JJCilU upon the number of persons "who may be present, and who may desire to witness and take part in the pnoceeeings. At Logan the number of persons present was, so great that it required three . . aays services to enaoie an who desired to be present to get admission to the Temple.. Jf he taciiities for reaching .Manti are not so good as they were for reaching-LoganThe Utah Central Railroad, runs from the north and south to Nephi. At that. pojnt the Sanpete Valley Railroad connects with it and reaches into Sanpete as far as Chester, a distance of about fifteen miles, from Manti. From this point conveyance will necessarily - Wilford Woodruff,- -. Joseph F. Smith, Moses Thatcher, Salt Lake City, Jan., 18S8. ; CONFERENCE. " and so S. A.' and especially of the counsels of President and others, in regard to laybg for a time, of famine, which ia near up grain at our doors, nearer than a great many of ua are aware of; "but as the Lord lives, it will surely come, and we. vill have to prepare for ot our" neglect." Some nave saia uiai wneat cannot be preserved for any length of time in this climate, but it has been proved that ' grain and floor can be preserved for. years by sealing it up in tin cans. Ijet us be united, for in unity lies ourtrengtn, ana m Kindness tnere is, power. Made many useful suggestions concerning our duties as Saints, and felt to. invoke God's bleaa--inupon us. Coun. C. Hake. felt to coincide with what had been spoken; felt that this was: a united wnrlr And with nnitv WA osih 'annmnliafi onn thing. ; "Let usf. take a course, to preserve our lives and the lives of-ochildrenrby laying uy uicau iui a uuio ui jammc x:ii ua act all example before .our children worthy of imita- tionTT Can we instruct our children when we are ' gu il tyof the' practices we "condemn in them." Spoke at some length upon subjects : to the Saints. . - interesting Brigbafiig . -- " r r Wileorx1Woodruff, On behalf of the Council of the Twelve r Apostles. ' ; ' is to" smile . or give a kind word; it may cheer some aching heart and give "comfort to those who mourn. Childreu,' especially,' iiivt iu on, ojiiiau laLCD auu iitm ywu iuiuj, auu, act is more than appreciated by remember, the aged and th.ose who are travelling down the hill of life. ; A smiling face to them, and iu fact to everyone, is as' welcome as sunshine, and helps to make the world brighter. r' ento life us this' are The good things of given joy, but'we should never allow ourselves to be led .into excesses of any kind," buf should use wisdom in all things. ; Nbvv, as" 'another year" has commenced, let us resolve that we will do better .than we did the last year, and if we make new Then, how easy were being verified continually before our eyes, .' . ' speak on that subject. of the prophets, both ancient and modern, "that Special. rates on the railroads will be'made to all persons going to and returning from Manti. on ; this Occasion. go to waste. If we'have a moment to spare', pick up a good book, read something, and when at work think over what we have read, it will then come back to our minds whenwe may wish to, Prest-McDonal-d Y 1 1 7 to-da- y; - is-th- : e iw - - " - -- ,; to-da- y. e 