119 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. live in' her proper place tvoimm had come to womau was where Church the only this being said they were maus in the. kingdom of God. Spoke at some woman. Gave very length 'on jhe usdiiliHsol' miriM l to theclTfh' rent Societies; wi?ud f,.niP nt ' thr bnthren wi uld get ready and take the Stake "Cfiueis around 10 visit the difiTrTnt wards. Wished the young men and young would mt cowl books and study them. Kwir .Tare M. "Walton made" some closing hr.' proper "place; given -- . reniaiks, and adjourned conference for ..three "Neat f r. my - God, to Thee.'' 'CIh ir frp, Bentdictu n . m. IIhII- - byCcun. JuliaIut, Secretary. and said the Lord was not well pleasedbh ac- "adjourn rour confermce for, three months." count of it. l' Let us not forgt t our prayers, Benediction by .Mother Duke. " nor forget to pray for our brethrenwho are in Ga nous k Daniki.8, Secretary: is conscience' tor hand sake. Father's prisoti in everything. aiidUe overrules all things for FREAKS OF "NATURE. the omi of Zion; it behooves us to be faithful and pure; we are the saltof the earth, the light A. little m t. hp snnih and ronsiderable to the of the world; the Lordrs .work is wonder f u 1." The speaker exhorted the sisters to come to west ot Fillmore can be seen a b'eautitul white knoll, or small hill. It is round, 'coming to a meeting and get the Spirit of (5 ml to hel.) peak in the center; very much resembling a them. "Teach your children to read the Goo-snow capped 'mountain, when viewed lrom the slitution of the United States and all good I city. But as the investigator approaches, he books, and gain knowledge for themselves. finds, instt ad ol snow, a white" sand, supposed p ray that th e L i'rd will, pour o ut His Spirit . .,, - U auu ,....;.. .1.. i. lls lo ue voicauic aii, ccriniiny uitritj up-all, jn the name t Jesus. Amn." son'ie loundatioii for the supposition, as, imPrest Smoot sujd, ! have' listened with mediate! v .beyond the wlnde surlace ol ihe pleasure to ihe remarks ol Sister Howard dithe interests of Zion. We are all earth is rent with 0itnings running l rections as if caused by an earlhquhke' Some ed 'prone to ,vil, yet the Lord has u of tlle opm'ings nieasore three and lour ktt principles, that' it we heed, wi' will be enabled across, the being "'unknowu. ti overcome. Among the true Bauds tin re are It a n ek is thrown down it can e heard no classifications .thti poor and the ine k will i herii the earth, so say all the prophets, and strik of fn ni side to .side, the Sound JJomiitg our Savior called or etise the poor of the faint and lainter, until it is a' tirtl) lost by c . . earth. to do His bidding; our sympathy should be towards them. When i his earth is red emed Advtnturer- - tleem it great sport to inter ra1T"wl7d"sc r ve th eZLor d w i 1" meet u t h i s ea r t ' .these. crt vice- - and follow themjboth downwatds in its purifii d state, and we will have a' Saband in the direction oi the nut. oometimes bath of ret, free from all our troubles, ruled subterranean caves are found, which differ in over-bour'Savior; the Lord has 'promised size, shape:, ami beauty. Caves c n not be in theserthini?s ttr His oeonle. Wehould hetritr -- found in all-th- e: ' " . , i -- -- per-tainii'g.t- o in-al- UTAH sTAKK. - ' ' ' " in.-tit- ... The nmirtorlv conference , of the Relief So convened in the citty..ol Utah Slake Pre-- t 'In u. e at Provo City, Dec.'' Mill.' John ph siding, .assbted by her t'ounelors; HsUr'Elizab-tHoward, lrom ."?alt L.ake, al.-and present. Conlerehce opened by singing or rormer conier- prayer, reading or minutes met-tin- o. h - -- "tijce, etc. :r John sail. "A - few of us have met, to PiHst. gether in conference, and I "- -- . ak Gd for His wear, Holy Spirit ito. be with ...us.a1.while . ......... .........together. t j. 10 Illf'l v'Ui Pj,mu,- in ' us he united and be charitable one to another humble audkind, Jwilling to overlook ?ach other's weaknesses and imperfections; uevr ; r7Ja "t iiu uttsiVi al rir s i st e rs':"t We are 0 i ifT) i -i n n i k i' w . ... .7 i I, new beginners; lei us near uur it'SLimuuifs u the truth of this work, i wish to bear my "'testimony to the truth of celestial marriage: I know the sisters are tried at present, but be patient and all will come out right in the end; kf. for strennln. Sister Maiilla Daniels said, "It is with pleasure that.I meet with you again after ray journey out iu the world." The speaker gave 1 f 1 ? fina .v i . 1 . , 1 . 1 Vj , J , I . . . A. -- account or her journey quite an interesting across me aiso and the friends in Jiast, among her ocean to Europe, and spoke of pleasure in ' with the and mingling beinrr home a.eaiu ' w c? ' Saints. 4 OlStgr Howard, me IU3X.I speaker, was jueuscu to meet with the sisters in Provo; hoped have the faith and prayers of all, that she might be enabled to say something that ' . . -s- he-should . v - - : . jdi.-ian- 1 ; . creviC4-8r-i)uLthtY-aboU- 1 , we will then begin to live the celestial law; we talk about a celestial law, but we know Eternal lite is the greatest y e ry lit 1 e about i t gift of Go"d, aud if we gain it we must live for least;-hal- t ant; 1 it; if we cannot abjde our covenants, we had better, not make fliem; if; we xan live up. to them it is well. Obedience U better than sacrP-fic- e obedience to the law of God or the sacred oracles; our Savior said, 'My sheep know my voice and will follow me, but they know not The speaker spoke the voice of a straDger.' " I 1 I I 1 I 1 1 ' . 1 1 1 s, -- ..i to-da- y 1 of those ' convicted for unlawful Tt they were ever followed the pursued or the pursuers' would each do well if he were able to keep track of his own person. About a mile and a ' half's climbing ever trenches and huge boulders of lava, will bring you to two caes, one representing a very large room, rather longer than wide, high in the centre, and gradually sloping 'from the centre to the ground. Iu shape very much like a blubber ot soap louud floating .upon water and who knows but that this huge cave was once filled with gas, which finally made its escape where we found an entrance. The second cave is very much interior in size.and beauty, there being several openings through the top. . This cave is also very narrow, and, in some places, not hicrh enough nailow a man of medium height to stand erect. Both must be examined by an artificial light. Verging on this volcanic mountain is a meadow, dotted here and there with springs. In some the, water, is a little warm. They are jgeryjnuciLalikeinshape and surroundings. One of the most artistic is almost square, wailed up with lock, as In one corneris an opening through, which the sparkling water makes its escape. The spring being somewhat elevated, the water, forms a miniature fall, producing an exquisite ': efiect upon the eye. ' ' 1 of the great responsibility resting On mothers in the teaching of their children; said, 'Traiu your daughters to be modest and plain, and sociable with one another; be not proud; we make ourselves slaves to Babylon; let us make our adornments" the work of our own hands; it is better to seek the riches ofv eternity t than happy, that-- ' Bibyiou; be careftri7t0"Tnakg"hoiue I your children win in nK nome is xne pesi piace tor them; be of good cheer, you are doiug a good work, and the Lord will bless you there- in, etc. ,. , Father Graves spoke a sbprt time m the in terest of the silk association, followed by Sister M. A. Till, President of the Society in Utah Stake. She had some hand kerchi efs o n ex hi- bitiou manufactured from cocoons raised by the sisters: the handkerchiefs were for sale; there, were also two pieces of goods on hand, which it was proposed to donate to the Temple at Manti, to aid iu the furnishing or decorating ' A vote was taken aud carried Of the same. unanimously, that it be given t the Temple. Sister John made a tew explanatory remarks concerning the goods, saying that the meaus to which the goods . the. cocoons, from purchase .... n had been manufactured, had been donated by the sisters of the Society, and, therefore, she thought it but right to get their vote as to its 'dispu;al, and also to give it as a donatiou lrom . Utah Stake. Sister Standring spoke of the advantages of these Societies, in educating the sisters iu the of God. Said, "We things iofl the- kingdom I !. t U.. J ii eacn uwu wur ttu. Will worKs, uy. oejuugeu ' Sister Emily G. Gluti said she felt the bpirit of the Lord had been with us; we had also beeu blest iu having Bister Howard and Prest.. ' n : 1 as necey-sarwould be benefici'd to us. "It is fur us to come to meetinir to be instructed as it is to eat our food. Let us do right; IT we are right and tfying to do right we need not care what oihers say of us. .Let us never say r skiers." Soo keron- "TrvTtiirify hiit aiuiuP-oorder and punctual ity.amras the time was spent, the couferei.ee Hjournedtill 2 p.m. Benedic" ,t tion by Emily G. Cluff. Aftermion session convened at 2 p.m., with usual exercises, alter which Sjster Howard resumed her remarks, giving a very interesting account of the Sisters' Conference held in S. L. City od the jrevious day; also read from the Exponknt the last remarks of Sister E. R. Snow Smith at a Relief Society meeting; also gave the siters much useful counsel .'and advice on Various subjects calculated to benefit the sisters, etc. Said, uThe enemy is trying in every way toovercome and destroy us. Mothers should. educate their daughters in the ways of the Lord; teach them what they are here for; teach our boys ip be honest and upright; let us pray for' the' Spirit of God, that we may learn of His ways; we must be conlinuallyon the watchtower; let us take care of our bodies, so that we.wJd.uot need doctors; we will have faith and pi wer enough yet that we will ask Gud and ile will heal our children; let us not Smoot with us to instruct us "We oujht to be wroug-foerlive in such a way that we would have the but wie as serpents and harmless as doves. We must bring our minds in of God with us at all times " Spirit ... ... .... bister Johu.telt to rejoice at the gooa spirit conformity to the will of the Almighty." Spoke r We will now of the cast that was growing up in our midst, that had been with us jut ' ih-pt- ! I " lrbyl-hleTiJrrMn- r . : L. a CONJOINT PRIMARY MEETING. Special meeling of the Primary Associations of Manti, held in the Council House, Wednesday afternoon, Dec 14th, 18hZ-- , Olive Lowry presiding. Singing. "Beautiful Zion." Opening pfayer offered by Bishop H. Jensen. Singing "Joseph Smith's first prayer." 'Exerci;es as lollovks: Reading by Cyrena Hanson, entitled, "What boys ..should learn;" Song, "Fuolseps on the stairs," by Vernie and Xddie Snow; Recitation, entitled, "Are the children at home?" by Gertrude Jensen; Song by seven little girls, ei titled, "Sing me a song," Recita-ton- , "The Christmas pany," by Howard Cox. Bong by Lillian and Sofrona Ludvigson, organ accompaniment by Annie" Ludvigson; Recitation by Aunie Ware; Class exercise, subject, "Martyrdom of Joseph and Hyrum Smith," -- 