de- Women of Deseret,"she turned her attention We have another English woman poet, who and in 'after time, when her: family cares to romance, krid. has three times claimed the wrote in early days for the Aeu-s- and whose - cruise and her time: may be giveri more to the of writing, we may claim among us a. rpnze ana meuaij ouereu- uy ioe isonzrumior style is rather sirailar Emily Hill Woodman- - pleasure A Arrrtvalt-rorripanyfor the best Christmas story. We 'starin that hapfljest phase of writing--Chilf Infl tin r ttnn o.u.ay say luwc ui wuuiu giitcv nuuxau, out aeemr to urce Mrs.WoodmanseeHo calFheH ren S XilteratUreaS l)ngULaa...:J-UUis- a not will allow, lor as we write so marry Alcott, which, thbugh expressly lor the young, space mention alike for all who care to read. names appear before us worthy-o- f great events and anniversaries also calrforth composed delights the under this heading. Among early volumes in ioy, ivirs. xucuaru a lauiujuai ca luwcwher poetic fire. The journey of Mrs. Wood one was of by Emily' B. poetry published kill ing, she found it jp6cessary,tq have an assistant mansee to these valleys was enough-- kr and con"Prose her and called, Spencer, Poetry," and one editor to the Exponent, among within her all desire, all aim to become anyRose of Deseret' and thb tributors the present editor,- Emmeline B. since, entitled, "The thing, almost all desire to live, for she journeyed choice pieces to the contributed also Mrs. has lady on foot twelve hundred miles, pushing along Wells, came to her aid' as a ' Wells, though devoting much time to the Exponent. Her style is similar to that of a "handcart, which held her bedding and pro; the grain saving, the Mrs. Woodmansee? i: visions.; What will ! What indomitable courage X. beautiful volume lies "before me, its title, for a young woman to undertake such a political and missionary1 work, is an indefatig. able writer. S"V "Autobiography and Poems by Hannah Corn- jgurney, and what sublime faith she must have When only eight years old she composed had ! A verse of Mrs. WoddmanseeV own can better tell her nature as a woman, her style verses which1 need not cause her to blush now I never appreciated the work until aaugimer essenee "C as' .a poet: true the in later years, for they breathe some five y ears since, when in "Spanish Fork, ;u : , of poetry. this lady's home. She was beautiful in her .. 1 "jveep a nrave neart, xno' me waves rem nign, Her literary work is confined almost entirely little quiet ' home, reminding one of a perfect Let thine aim be true as the magnet's steel; 'J , Xob21mtoGcd, with alfteacttast eye, . ' . : . ': i . . ' V t ot 11 me "'.l one ' oaaest garaen, ine omesi, '."JJ... lea occasionallv annears in the Contributor or inrougnnit always, in woe or weal- ;with a wicket gate and winding paths, and tall I Man may deceive', but God l is true; Tullidge's , Magazine, and her verses, sketches i ana a n A b a! vh nnFaft tl id rniM.- - ft nA . vcaaJ a and criticisms, are Soften copied in papers and Mortals may pander to love of pelfr- j on1-- tV'iiit trocafonfliPilTront ; i t tiw:rt i. vibi uc r in menus are icvy; periodicals. ou tside of Utan. Mrs. Wells has sarn i, j Trust thouin God! and thyself.'' had many flattering offers to contribute to one migntTKDOwinposseajsor ot bucit 8 Eara but has preferred to devote her was a poet, and her ' tone-- and Voice and conmagazines, ' Mrs. Wood mansee writes very little at pres.-- , time and talent to her own people, only writing versation only convinced me tbs more that she ent for the public, but seems more engrossed in an occasional article in defense of Mormon was not only a poet but a faintly' woman. Her business matters, :but her nature sometimes women to publications elsewhere. Autobiography is very poetical; and yet finds rest i'njDOuring forth herTeeling thoughts Her work compels her to write on all subtestimony and truth ai to convince ' in rhyme. There have jects, and in all styles, but her happiest style is one ofjhe Gospel i she espoused ano! and remij-cehcbeen letters more some Times, becoming , peothe ideal, the picturesque and- the poetical. veryxinteresting prosperous contributed to the; Exponent from the ple advancing in every way, there camera deWhen; time allows,, she grants herself the mand for mdre publications, and publishing pleasure of returning in imagination to her pen of Helen Mar iWhitney, and MrsL Whitney has also publisheid two books,' one called houses, and the Juvenile Instructor and MornNew England home, and through the sketches To the columns of she produces we roam the. dear old woods,, go "Plural Marriage as Taught by Joseph the ing Herald were started. Via TnafrrnHnf fiaa T.nln draarta oonf onma blackberrying or . nutting, gather ferns and Prophet," the other, "Why We Practice Plural and Her writings are eagerly read, afterwards, lilies from the winding brooks, and taste and. Marriage." charming productions, shortly 1 , ! f J. . OTft !i m 1xpiii, a n was ueciaea often call to estaDiisn in TT. forth questions and discussions and and utan.1 scent the pleasures of a sadly sweet pen5 "CT T l from abroad, they .contain; such strong testwuiuaus paper, ana xuiss ljuia ureene, tne sive childhood. Her poems are, of a retrospecgrand-niecof Brigham Youngi was installed tive nature, and a Mre Miry J. memory full of the loveliest, imony and doctrinal truth. as the Editor of the Wojian's Exponent, of poems, volume Tanner has published a neat svyeetest, dreamiest, happiest, saddest things ' . I .. n tt. i rPL i was a new era ior ine women 01 utan. s u pplies her poetic nature wi th th e material entitled, "Fugitive Poems," and is one of the The field, the beautiful elysian field was opened in her touching verses. Mrs. Wells most interesting correspondents to. the Exunto them all. The Exponent has called has done a great deal towards bringing out ponent. Her "Leaves From my Journal," forth and urged all who wished to enter the other" writers, whose lack of confidence held continued through several lumbers, give arena ot literature, to pour their thoughts into them fromT)Ublishinirvorthvarticlesr She pleasing and ohferingdescriptions o ' Iso-hwritten mu eh r-ehiid ren, and her sights ip the Eastern States of inspiration and learning which ita; pages songs are suDg in the Sunday Schools-anAmong the younger - and most delightrul .'" ,' reveal. Primaries. Her work jn different ways is very writers, we must certainly mention- Lil Dalton,' The Mormon women know it has been a extensive, and all her time now is given to the whose inspiring and beautiful verses grace the great boon and blessing unto theni. The sisters public;-- it is her greatest delight to help others pages of the ExPONENTnd ihntnbvior. Her poetry is of the' highest rank, and also ol are, through its columns, made acquainted with and aid in the advancement of women, all the works of the societies and pleasures of Mrs. the most beautiful' style. ' In the last number, their reunions, the achievements ot wome: Wpllft' rnrrp.spnndonpfi wnnld - fnrm - a - vpry ulyjsontameoVasublimiSi poem. lrom-tm- 'r all lines, here and elsewhere. .. ..entertaining and pleasing volume. , Her letters lady's pen, entitled, "Arise I Shine! For Thy The JExpoxent has also been a brave de- 'always contain the most interesting views, the Light is Come." Of the lady herself I know fender of the women, of Utah, and a most unmost delightful descriptions and; the most little, not .even her name,' but through her answerable argument against the false accusapleasant conversation. She is the recipient of correspondence and poems, I feel to know her tions made concerning the serfdqm and bondcharming letters from many notable people, soul. The Exponent, I am sure, is proud of such as the poet Whittier, Monsigneur Capel, such a contributor. age of; Mormon; women, Miss Greene, now 'V v. ,rk Mrs. ula Greene Richards, is one of our Madame LeVert, Helen Hunt Jackson, and Susie Homespun -- we had almost forg(Jtton Bweetestpoets, and though her editorial many others, ' both poets and authors known to you; no, not,, forgotten, but .overlooked you, work j on the Exponent ceased in 1877, the world because you have been so long&ilent. Do your she has . ever since been a frequent and most One of the. most frequent and pleasing concares and missionary work keep yon from tellwelcome contributor to its columns. Mrs. tributors to the Exponent is Augusta Joyce ing us ycur experience in your , gay, homely ' better known as Lula, should cer Richards, ':" . Crocheron, full of poetry, romance and song. way? ' , ".0 Susie YoUng Gates, the daughter of Prest tainly collect her poems and publish them. A A strangely sweet writer, but a most perfect volume of them ; would grace the most choice and concise one. Brigham Young, is a literary light among our is Lula's and first poem from her pen that toucned my young women. Her stories' are full pf life and , The library. beautiful, simple style . i it ... l tt mose oeauinui !lines, ttr pure, yet full of strength and principle. 6he ieeiings was iuy neart wit and pathos; her .poetry is sweet ;and tender, b writes a great deal for children, both prose and uuu j.. a iciuiuwcu uub Very uiucu vi iura. and her sketches are aa amusing and interesting in and seems mood her, when do poetry, happiest many other of her 'poems, but as her bright conversation, which is all that Browning, as writing a song, a fable, an enigma or a story they do not in the least copy after, her; it is can be said. She should write more often, and for their amusement. As every one knows, only that same beautiful, mystic tone. Mrs. cultivate the talent "s6 liberally bestowed upon thi3 style is most difficult, from its necessary has had to Crocheron much contend with, but her. Oh, time! Oh, space I if only I could is" it the style most 'fitting Mrs. she never allows herself to lose the poetic muse; command. and i icon trol symplicity, but you. for awhile ! Here Richards. She aims at simplicity, and follows and her prose writings are full of We I have written all the day, and suchah&stof it out in her life as well as her writings. It is hayet- written mostly of poeticalpoetry. . work, but names are yet unmentioned. Mrs. Crocheron has been one among the Utah' scarcely necessary tq quote from Lula's poems, Mrs,-SIarJohnson ia Miller Ruby Lamont they are so familiar in the homes of the Saints. women to venture in another patn. After whose Christmas poem, published last winter, Our t children sing her songs, work out her publishing her was an Idyl of the sweetest; kind-rh- er poems in the pretty volume gtyle is enigmas, recite her poems and repeat her stories. known as ''The Wild Flowers of Deseret," lofty, and approaches that of Mrs. Heman'i It is to be hoped that she may live many years, and her ' biographies, called "Representative Miss Sarah E. Russell, a poet whose verses , - d- 1 1 11 O co-helpe- women's,-organizatio- r. - f ns, - - " ; - .; ' . - 4 ' ' ,'-"- , . oem ;5 And-trusLHi- u : ... I . . -- 1 : 1 1 Vi ri-K-o . . ; : ; con-tains,su- ch i . es - . - . ' 1 1 I - 1 , e : " . ed, T-xii- a " as -- -fo- . d j ' - ". . : : r : - - ' , '. .. - f S - l- i . . . - , . 