1 134 Savior's garment, 'whose legally- authorized . ser- - her, but only in a measure help, by checking the flow of blood she threw up so copiously every time she coughed; as well as other channels. At her request I administered the holy ordinance to her. and she has not taken' anv more doctor's medicine, and has neither discharge, nor has' she .coughed up since, and is getting well fast, being restored to health by the power of God, the God of miracles, the Father of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, arid my Father injeavnandthe Father of you His rebellious - daughter. He ' or she that believe.th and is baptized shall be saved . but he or she that believeth no shall be damned. Read, Marie last chapter, i6th verse. You will he,-coul- . "nevefsee these things until yotf are born tf the water and of the Spirit; God does not call licentious men to the ministry, jior acknowledge their administration. rrnnrl in flip strpncrlh nf thf am "Hrvinrr n. mtirh 0 and setting Lord, building up the broken-heart- ed the captive free, sacrificing home and a loving wife and comfort and friends. Send me back the book I gave you, as you say when you die you do not wa n t to-c ontaminatcd with anything Latter-daSaint or Mormon. Well belonging to a if you die with thosesentiments you will. have your wish granted you, for there is only one place with the not vnu rnmm Saint, Mormon or presence of a Latter-damighty Prophet; for when you knock at the gates of heaven in vain for admittance, Brigham Young will and his wives and children. Isaiah says, 4th chapter, i.st, 2nd and 3rd verses, "Seven women shall take hold of one man, saying; we will eat our own bread and wear our own apparel, only let us be called by thy name to take away our reproach And in that day shall the branch of r "itoe ueauutui ana glorious, is not tisaian tne Lora a holy prophet? Acts, 3rd chapter, 19th, 26th and ust verses7uAndHe shall send jesus Christ, whom the heavens must receive until the restoration of all things which IGod has speken by the mouths of all His holy prophets since the world bewail." And Christ TeSus will not come-trein until all these laws are restored again, and the ordinances that an apostate church, a false Christianity has doneaway wijh by their senseless r t iorm; oreaiung tne .ordinances, changing the everlasting covenant, denying the power of. God "'- - T . be y to-an- d y be-ther- ... e, 1 ' . 1 i 1 11 1. 1 o 1 " t . miracles. . 1 ... ' will all be fathered back to Terusalem to witness the serohd reckoning or adveJ Ten Tribes from the north, and when He comes, which will be soon, yea, as a thief in the'night, you will, if you do not speedily repent, be amongst the foolish virgins, with no oil in their lamps, too late to borrow of the woman you desig- . . j l;i lO can uie man you arc- pitaseu uaic.'s.yi'c,-aiisuch vile names, because he is not a salaried minister preaching for hire. ' Say, do you. expect to go where Jacob is, with his four wives, Abraham, with his wives, who was a friend of God? Do you expect to enter the gates of the New Jerusatem, when it comes down JYom God, on which are the names of the twelve sons of Jacob, by his four plural wives? God will say to men that make f women instead of wives, and those that ..rebel 1 4 ! - kept-mistress- es against the patriarchal order of marriage, "Get out, ye hypocrites, ye' workers of iniquity, ye deny the great order of procreation, that gave the noble sires their bodies that surround my throne, and whose names are written on the golden gates of my holy city." I must now say good bye. Repent before it is " too late. , . Your sorrowful brother, , . R. W. F. ciety of Davis S take was held in the Cen Jan. 201888, MetifH of the Conference Sanpete 'The Relief Society opened by singing.'. .Prayer by Bro. John ' Stake will convene at Spring City, March iori8S8. Wooley, Continued with singing. Prest. & J3ister Zina D.H, Young Grant presided,-an- d Secretaries are requested to send in their reports k'from't-hvarioussettlements on or before March met with" us- Minutes of previous conference ' were read ami accepted; the reports of the 1, and oblige, , DiaKetDecreiary. different branches" of the It. b. ortae take were also read. Prest. GraAit said she did hot think it too K. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTSlate in the season to wish all" a hiippy new year; was pleased to see so many present; was also ma RICOPA STAKE. or our brethren with uar p ad I herewith transmit a brief summary of "our always felt glad to be supported by the priestconference, which was held'" Jan. 5th, 1888, in hood; felt a determination to do her duty. the Mesa Hall Prest. Elizabeth, McDonald She then called .upon the presidents of the a majority of brancllesi that were, present to speak. Her Counselor,-als-o f presiding. Sister officers Stake of the the Relief Society present, Hatch represented South Bountiful; Sister with a few brethren. After the usual preliminFackrell, West Bountiful; Sister Lucina Ses- minules. read oinna P!ic "R u niv.-l'fn ftisf Pr aries of singing and prayer, and nrcraret Tin(o O McDonald of preceding conference, Prest. Ellen Sister Barkdall, Centerville;, made a few opening remarks, expressive of her Sister Zina D. Young then addressed us. pleasure in again meeting with the sisters in conference. again. Had hoped we should have Said we should always be." united, and learn to had Prest. Home with us at this time, but. circontrol ourselves; be subject to those placed cumstances were such tha.fr; she was obliged to over us; cultivate a love tor our religionfor it ' T Jt. lia . Prest,-- . return to Salt Lake, before, conference u: Jiri fr 112 iiivr a nd ca t lr:ifl.inn C. I. Rob.son and A. F. McDonald were neces teach our. children correct principles and to was which a absent, sarily quite disapp6iutment,ave faith in God." Urged the necessity of I v i out nopea we snouia nave a time or rejoicing mothers watching over their children, and try f - kppn t fipm frnm fflilinrr info t.hn snares that rfl together. Wished to hear reports of the different branches, which was responded to by the devised by our enemies to lead them astray. respective presidents iiv a very favorable manAdvised the sisters to read the Book of Mor- ner, showing that many of the sisters were mon, and especially the first and second books wide awake, and zealous in all the duties of of Nephi; said we were living in the very day their societies while others were correspondingly-slack- . the greattestiruonyr that Bro. .Joseph andnBro. Cheering and encouraging remarks-we- re Brigbam had borne to the world and they Lad made By a number.of the sisters, especially by rejected it; and also of the judgments that were Coun. Suan Savage, who represented the beginning to be poured out upon the nations of Papage Ward, where herself and a number of the earth; thought the Latter-daSaints, should the sisters and brethrra are- laboring for the be humble, and not forget their prayers. benefit- of the natives, and it is certainly remuch edified Bishop Cheney said hei had been P l t markable the progress they are making, in i .i to tne good counsel ana aaviceoi nsteniug especially the younger portion of 'them, in their-studi- the sisters; felt to endorse what had been said; reading, music, etc, proving that the knw that our Heavenly Father was blessing blessing of the Lord ,i& with them in their us, notwithstanding our carelessness. Spoke of labors. ... .. or parents. "Let us honor the Prest McDonald also spoke upon the same this re?ponsibility be and watchful over our children, trust, said we could act as even missionaries, subject; that they may grow up firm believers in the if it were not amongsLthem; many of the young of the I pray that God maidens Were anxious to learn housekeeping; if principles us liberalGospel. that we may comhearts, give tisters coyld takeythem to t ieir may some fort the hearts of" the poor and those who have homes and teach them housekeeping, the art of cooking, etc, it would proved great blessing to Prest. Grant felt she had been truly blest in ' - them. v that-habeen hearing tlie good instructions ' Bro. Henry Rogers also spoke of this mission given. as a very important one, and we were required Conference then adiourned un to tak an interet m it. bnoke favorablv of with singing and benettrcti()n. the labors the sisters had performed in this di.2 p.m.: Meeting opeued by singing. Prayer rection; it certainly was very creditable to them. by Bro., Waddoups, Sen. Singing again. Spoke of the outside element that was gatherCoun. Mary S. Clark said, We are a biassed ing in our midst; felt to regret it. 4VLet us not people, gathered here iu,the. valleys of the seek their society, only to do them good; treat them- courteously, but do not associate with; .mountains, and if we listen - to the counsels oL. those placedover us, wewill receive great them'."-Spoke upon many more important principles pertaining to our religion, and of blessings. Encourage love for one another; to keep the light within us; our enemies the many errors we were liable to be led into, are desirous' of destroying the priesthood, that without the spirit for a guide. Bro. Chas. Allen felt to bear testimony to is what they are working for." Feft a desire to the good spirit which had prevailed .in "this be faithful in the performance' of every duty; spoke of the importance of taking care of our meeting; could fully endorse the remarks which had been madel especially concerning those who bodies. Sister Zina D. H. Young gave some very were not of our faith, who are gathering in our midst"Let us protect our sous and daughters good instruction; spoke of the evils of tobacco; ' said it was destroying the health and laying a from their influence, as far as. lies within our power; our examples should be worthy of foundation for disease. Exhorted the mothers to look after their children;. imitation by the youth of this people." try and gain their have them confidence; attend the Primary, as , After a lew interesting remarks by A. F. is it in them to be - useful members Stuart and Bro. John Lewis, conference adpreparing . t r n il journed for three months. Benediction, by ine Kingaora ot brod; teach them to have laita in the Lord, and they will grow Coun. Henry Rogers. updn it Said none would be saved in the celestial kingdom S. M. Pomeroy, Sec. except those w"ho turn from evil and choose the good. ''Read good books; search for knowledge, DAVI3 STAKE. The qu arterly con ference of the Rel ief Oo- - and resist all evil influences; cease to find fault with one another." Spoke of the necessity of NOTICE. -- - e ' " -- - - -- 1 '"--- ) - -- ": 1 . - 1 1 1 1 ... . 1 - I -- . y - - . 1 es, . " of-th- til-2-o-'el- oekV- - - -- be-caref- -- of-Tio- . - l- - . 1 