1 hi' ments. and we shalljsee thenVbecome the brightest and most polished snans m tne wona 01 women j'f and among the daughters of Eve;-- ' MayHSodWe'sf n'diipjlttjMto stand 'in our alter'; spared. SaaS&T zhi. C&Zirs: "ibis to time; and "has inSister RIcSlzszs i Btz?j:T WOMAN 0 JLATUlNIi i I. adversary; for to us Spirees4siefe6s '"the stszczk,--i?atday io,thThk ' Editor. WELLS, EMAfELEjg that - ha?e tes srg&siaed into Stakes in the Ssde? that te work maypacftj tSarw5-xrPublished la Salt Lake CityUtah 7 Terms: in order that - . :' bYaces, we- p. semi-mobt- . be mere oxzUzsZy .carried , ona copy bnd year, J2.00; ode copy 6ix months, $1.00. Tea ''npie for the price of Phie-':T Advertisln rates", Each scmare. ten lines of nonpareil month, $3.00. A liberal-discouspace, one time, $2.50;-p- w , regular aaverwsers. w ExrdNEK office, No.' El, South Temple Street, second gate east 6f Deseret'Nevrs Office. Busmesa boors from U a.m to 5 p.m. every dayf except Sunday. Address all business communications to ; J - PUBLISHER WO MAlTS EXPO NENTJ I ... 8 ALT La KB Ctty. Utah. a, : -- ; er - nt . i the Post Ofl ' Matter. Second Class in Salt Lake City; Utah, as tz tk orrizicz ccbtcScsc 22" 9 September i, 188S- - .spring up to. become useful' m assisng to roll off the kingdom of God, and that through life and death we may ' be faithful, and at last earn an exaltation in the celestial r kingddm-- t of our God, Which I. desire, in the name of the Lord jusus l! Christ. Amen. Elder Samuel WRichards then' bore'a power- ful testimony' of the truths wnich had been uttered ' work.' He left greatly and of the great Latter-daj- v - i fedxztfttss2 works itre acd we fcave a head that "honored to tzjtzj the ;affafrs';of the" to be present on so auspicious an occasion. He can. gr'if recognized this occasion as of great import to the 'rtzrzb'.z is organizecU' There 'sisters of Zion, and that it was a day long to be see 1.o-- per-r-Tiie icterests of another, remembered by those who were present. He need nb cce dlaai'-w'xi"thought the question arose as to whether each one but all h& ;z&&z 42r respective spheres ; 'was fulfilling the desTgn'of their' great creation, in and' this' is the there t isrrrcisj, dre-i-crdejpeace xs f ct to be accomplished, ' struggling for the maintenance of virtue, greatessjriri fiii worksl r and ; ,'J., righteous and fa ts-tlirciJgaiiisyorder and orgatauibc, I ieaxrrr tMnony'of its divinity. !, Those who had known President Young, knew him to be a man of superior intelligence, power I know tiers m sis criUex source through which ard ijtera ccmld come, than 'and mighty TaithVT' Whatever be undertook to do, this pcftecs the Tvttfjszxxs, c Jhu.gly Cod. I believe 'he accomplished, and he has left a record that y tx-i-i n tti ZcBef Society and the Jwill be read by millions yet unborn. ther God ; and I feet ;his power and abilityis unquestioned. It is reY, L-- JL f , .A- -, btex rrrjItd cognized the wide world over, wherever his name that we. as tie ss spf Zjss, havebeen blessed has been breathed. ' ' above all crSer Vcctiss rpc-- the face of the earth. that follows the And iz v wizz, thjzvz 'tutt-tirgElder R rejoiced at the progress of the -- brsH - te-- models women work ; spoke in glowing words of: great Latter-datha the wife.-?!his mission in England, when he was summoned srrg'bt pattera after for purity in the before members of Parliament, where he then keeping virtae, fsrerxj aid fsjiifulcess God indeed has For 'bore his testimony Jo them in power.-cotssuisdrter .s "women in His' crea blessed vzx'sztZ xzl'zZ The speaker ever regarded.with a watchful eye, ccr cirffOKaiioa. We are unlike' 'the progress of this people and their mission so tics We far our rights. We jgreatand vast. He "'earnestly invoked divine cz tie 'urjf the i the Eternal Father. blessings upon the ladies' s6cieties and upon the ha?e tiers irj is ? And we L. snr piih:psaarked out"- for us;,' Church generally. "w tfca; J :and,"7is .ereTj true- woman " SisterrHerrick, of Weber County, said that she desfres t.5 !btey y5rjzi. VTe norr that God trusted the goodjnstructions which had flowed so created zuc at vir 1.1, We uash to hop or him 'freely y might be carried home to every ' lave our rights and 'heart among the people of God, that m tta: cS trust, and we have privfleei, iZG might sense their weighty obligations placed upon ' our of brethren. As ai atr them at all times andMmprove the Opportunities ai has Leea ia.c zsC zwrzz, there is no greater 'that. are presented. She loved to labor among upon'mothe'rs; her sisters in doing good, and she trusted' that and c;r hzyt- - responsibilities also. what had been said might redound to the honor ' Thas Is Cie prpz and glory of God. She felt to extend a welcome Young Ladies meet--iegzcfuture which iiert fyr the great hand to the" visitors from Salt Lake, and trusted st refe.a-&as-JJdjreoydo"wn;and ioTr have-anHnHfibt- dKt j m NOTE. EDITORIAL and ' departments.- Can you lie face of the whole earth, ztcizd loo rpseeds' 'we "sow"' rjaay "germiriaie, but,that the la' s&sl perfect system and Csrrti- - It is great and beau- - tiful, -Ch- Salt Lake' City, ccand yn to.x&2zze,isg . jeered a sr E v. 1 believe" rHe"wili Inspire us tfdhs', VatlffnH and assist there car tea 'zdA9TisA hkh other Stakes iaH dretsee the inter- may clu3ter,.i2 cite ests c( iiZ S'lsi-- r: lb capacity of a President. e tbe icslittlSoBS that God in- Tki t magi we desire - r It would, perhap3.o,t.l-amts$j- state that the o remarks made by Elder F; D. Richards concern ing the Relief Society, at the Memorial Meeting-helin the Ogden Tabernacle on the 19th of July, 1888, were predicated upon the sermon of the Prophet Joseph, given at a meeting of the Relief Society in Nauvoo,' April 28, 1842, and published in the "Sermons and Writings of the Prophet Joseph." Republished lately in the Utah Journal at Logan, April 14th, f 888, and in the Deseret Evening News oi Saturday, July 28 (on its fly Leaf )7alscT WeekljrNewtWoman's the in Expofent of August following; ilContribu-tor- " 15 and September 1, 1884, and in the August, 1882. The sisters who have any of these papers by them can easily refer to thera, and it would be well to reperuse them, as they 'contain so much that is of .importance to know. IfKthe sixth paragraph President Smith said: 4No matter who believeth, these signs, such as healing the sick, casting out devils, 'ctc.ftbou)d follow ail that believe,' whether male or fernafe. He asked the Society if they could not see, by this sweeping ad -- : pT6nirs1e7thaTwherei isruiiaed e crir he, To-da- if - -- . 'Gi. t trr; tti ; privilege of those set apart to adminisier in which is conferred upon them, and if the sisters should have faith to heal the sick, let all hold their tongues, and let everything roll on,". ' - : v .r-t- -- zt to-da- y MEMORIAL ANNIVERSARY;. - Report of the Relief Soicety "Meeting held in the Ogden Tabernacle, July 19TH, 1 888, in Commemoration of the Last Public Visit and Instructions of : President Brigiiam Young, g.aj.ia'tests 1 s Jjl z-r- s, fy ar'x;; aali:it they 1 ' ! Cvzt di-iirr- growfa zrj'-.l:i?zz'Z.- hbmTwoiildTenivrieTr .vjctpy. Therkmgdom ij that our enemiesafe vg 'peace may be ushered in, and this people prepared txs, still the work is uey cax insters'-othe Relief Society, ronfaj ctt; a;.i .in M. L. and nresxLeri h A. throughout we taT cisr pcrt perform; and it is no Zics, "dofax all sctie. on Invita- 'to enjoy the glories thereof. President F. D. Richards spoke as follows: " tion of President Jane S. Richards, fcane la jjerform. We have an IfEt carrr Relief Society .and Young Ladies iadaesce. ai a zrLt'9 s.zi the women have an in- Improvement Associations of the fTcesce tlia x.zt; and th President of Weber Stake' ok Zion just ' Eleven cur Staxe Lai ta'itjti.t as proud of the women - who Years ago the 19TH inst. trials and persecutions, aad hae rTr;'-Ee-i tLeir position and have given to-th- ; - t : the-you- ng that-autborit- .. y - - tzt-tcnfi (REPORTED BY JOHN U WHITTAKER.) it "x . Continued.' Sister Elmlna S. Taylor, Territorial President . ; of Y. L. M.'I. A., said: In standing before you, I ask an interest in your faith and prayers, thatcI may have . strength of voice to enable you to Jiear the few remarks' L. may make. While I have been sitting here 4iave-ha- d very peculiar feelings, The I was upon this stand, we had our beloved sister, y I have Eliza R. Snow Smith, with us. felt that not only her spirit was here listening, prompting and influencing us, but that the spirit of our beloved Prophet, Brigham Young, was here. It is a proud day for this Stake ot Zion. I feet -- -- to-da- y, To-da- thetr an heard cue z kso-- cc T 2.-T- ad faithful at all times. fcee Apoi-tle- ite say that he did s t; zzr.ri not1 : tetrajCierr teen, tntri.ir.td zz i:. I iscr, :?z.;z 'i deny 'j i-s- -tg daughters of Zion" k' sfirils. Who are preparing tesat?g-vr: egt&xd- - isigh work ifuhe" fitzre.. T-tare -- rrpsrirg themselves for wives asd ZMter 5:r glory ol woman is to te Tir zzt preparing themselves and edactiir. zv.:ihtir great mission in ; fSe prrocfSes x but not only this:, ac"-r5are eiucauon in other depart- 40: hey aa?- -- rj iae6i .. - -- T : r:ifr.ers ' srho had turned their -- -- thereare j I Cod had established r.zatt that ttej rirrtff to prison, 'rather than p ,j:nd that which had tacis lie-Cwpd- f-.- c Being called upon by the sisters to address you for a short time this afternoon, I wish to introduce 'my remarks by first saying, that Sister Herrick, iwho has just addressed . you,' is the Stake Prest. of the Y. L. M. I. A. for Weber County, which, perhaps, I should have stated at the opening of her remarks. She, therefore, spoke in behalfof the Young Ladies of this Stake. One day this week, it was my privilege to be in company with our beloved President Woodruff, and with some other of the brethren who are associated with him in a state of obscurity and wlw do not make their appearance in public assemblies. I made mention of this occasion, with an invitation, if it had been reasonable and consistent for them, to meet with. us.. And inasmuch as they felt that they could not, he bid meexpress his love and good of-- the ReHef Society and the Young Ladies' Associations, and iany and all who mighV be present who love the work in which we arc engaged, and said it would be impossible to attend, though he would like ' to have done so exceeding much! He referred to a very interesting party he attended here some ; j ! wishes-to-the-sist- I ers 