WOMAN 'S EXPONENT. 128 Uut-Uo- Ta-hk- or , beatitudes were op rs. But there came a day alas! the dark day 1, was a3. literally of mv": vouth oil : i i t i for about two years, I Being her Sunday School teacher this noble, spirit. She was "learned to love and appreciate Several years ago three Russian' lady doctors ndpv consul ting" hospifahfor started, at Mussulman women, f r m the, beginning the experiment proved asuccess, and the popularity of the hospital lias oeen increasing ever since. Durinr the last twelve months fifteen thousand' n s u 1 a t i on s have been gi yen. Ex. matter; no valley,;to) deep to explore, no brook " to "wet 71 o wade.; air, fcimpie ioou, r all these twenty-foulimiri sleep every eight . e the knowledge always attentive, and endeavored tostore up kind-an- d attentive, considergained in the Sabbath School; ate to her classmates, and;always gentle and Thoughtful me. She made trreat sacrifices to attend Sunday School, hav- - sisters-wh- o claimed ing"5crm3ny little brothers ind hard and late worked she her attention and care, yet Saturday night, that she and they might be ready for Sun-day School. She only m.issed one Sunday during the year in attendance until the time of.her death, and then she was very sick. Supt. Beuttie requested her to learn the ten commandments her TnothersaysshV the hst'Sabbath as she as soon them got ho'meVuch was her began to learn anxiety to do as required and her eagerness to gain knowledge; she learned, them and repeated them to her mother on her death bed. I shall miss Lillias from my l ttle class, and her vacant seat will make me feel' sad, but I know she has gone to a better world, where r.orrow and deatrrcan nevcr enterTandT God is the Father of all. ' To her parent, her lo'ss is irrepar-able- , but may He who heals the breaking heart and dries the mourner's tear sustain them through this great bereave-men- t. e--f -- 1 ' .1 ever a young coJt; conironteu oy that had been made lor me, corsets and Uign'heeled shoes that had been bought, hair-pin- s and ribbons for my straying locks, and I was "wouldn t answer to "run told that it wild" another day. Company froni the city kiswIai tJPPJl tab If?" Iitrnj flvnnoiiil "had got to look like other loJks. Thiit was a long time ago, but-- have never known a single physically reasonable day since that sweet-Mamorning, when I, cried in .vain for longer .lease of liberty.. Those "adornd ments" the inquisition ol bemy outlook on the world. A caged bird came my fitting emblem; Of a shy, sensitive nature,.! yielded at once to the inevitable. But ray high heels threw me out of poise, and I wouldn't fry to walk more than was necessary tolds of Jhat Jong, tigh tt jug.. i eown. Hence Tceased to be a denTzeirui 1 jOTj tr was a rambler and a beautiful" climber no more, myself .'to books, and have remained in mycage the house-- rig h t Tm throng h- -1 he yea rs. A ft er my" o ng 'day's '.work with the pen,! say to myself so olten, "If I could put on a hat, button a coat around me, "and step olf freely, how delightful a walk would be." But no; there are intricate preliminaries before a ...woman can do anything so simple as to take a. constitutional. lujny own ease, the easy wrapper that L wear at my work, with its long, heavy skirt, must be the slippers for shoes changed for a street-'lressto be buttoned up; a bonnet, affording no protection from light, wind, or observation, mu?t be ''tastefully" put on; tight fitting gloves drawn to their places, and then only, with skirts to be lifted at every step until one's knees grow weary, the airing may begin. A man would have two, things to do put on a coat and crowd a hat over his eyes;--woman..-has t hree articles to take off. (w ra pper an d si i ppers), MrsGladstone, writing a prefatory note for - - "Women' Workers in the Liberal Cause- says': "Vfe carinot recoguize too clearly the crying need of education and combiued effort among women. A. great cause such as that 'which how lies nearest to our hearts," the cause TahlJsTi7dr()uTse 7ti us a passiouated'esire for thorough and .accurate knowledge of its history. Strange that this should have been so much overlooked." of-Ire- lI-iiiiis- LIw- . -' '"' y . ; ' . : fashion-cliange- Meadow, Millard Co., Dec.uSth, 1887, Samuel Adams, from "old nge, being eighty-tw- o years of age last August. He was born August, 1805, at Badderly Edge, Staffordshire, England; baptized July 28, 1841; emigrated, and landed at Castle Garden, New York, June 20, i860; canie to Utah ia'iSoi; came to Meadow, Millard Co. , 1 870. Although Father Adams had been lame and blind for a number of years, he managed, with the assistance of his son Hyrum, to go to the St. George Temple, and finished fdljhe work JiLJ3HiM ,dq .there, .AViU,..not.,. thisstimulate. others to do likewise? He leaves a number of children and grandchildren and many, friends. He died as he had ' Saint. lived, a good Latter-daCom. 1 -- s; but-gav- e 1 y wrap fasten, bonnet to tie, and then all their burdens and constrictions to endure. , So, for the thousandth time, I return. to my room, actually too tired to "get ready," and then get over the ground," though Lake Michigan s splendid expanse stretches away to hsiTwfHhtTef-ar- e foyer1 shady nooks, and tempting by-wa- ys all about r With angels bright and loved ones gone before, In their Redeemer's presence evermore, And God Himself their Lord and Judge and King; And we must do the work that they laid dowri,r,., 1 off strain. the broke .fake , up the sang where' they So, journeying till we reach the heavenly town, Where are laid up our treasures and our crown, And our lost loved ones will be found again." ' . : Florence Alder.- In affectionate remembrance of Sinah Pueh Bishop, who departed this life at her home in in the 1 6th Ward k Salt Jake City, after a short illness of paralysis, Dec. 24th, 1887. She was born m Shrewsbury, Shropshire. England Dec. 14th, 1831, and embraced the Gospel at the age of sixteen, and was valiant in defending the truth, delivering tracts from house to house. Came to Utah in 1855, and was married to James Bishop the same year, by whom she had four sons and five daughters; two daughters only sur " , vive her. She was a faithful teacher in the Relief Society also a --3 IIPOEII E1CLE SAIT LAKE. CITY. , teachcTTrnhe Sunday School, and was Counselor to the President of the Primary Association, and had won the; love ot the little ones. She was a firm believer m alFThe' principles of the Gospel as revealed to the Prophet'joseph amitn, ana never yest an opportunity of bearine testimony to the same, exhorting her sisters at all times to be faithful and true. She rejoiced in and enjoyed to a irreat extent the gifts of the Gospel, causing the hearts of her sisters to rejoice in .their meetings, and was, faithful to every- trust; imon the sick, dav anrl night, comforting the hearts of all wherever she went, with kind words and acts and wise counsel. . And we, the sisters of the Relief Society, through the Woman's Exponent, wish to tender our heart-fesympathy family bereaved, presenting them with a copy and placing a copy on our records. . ' . . ... And whilf .. .. mrmrn vu. up ri,i Inpc lujj, wc ucsirc 10 acKnowiedpp the hand of God. knowing that our loss is her gain, for she has gone to mingle with her loved ones. May we profit 4y her good example, and be as ready when called, and worthy to meet her. The Leading Retail Casli House IT JUL. .THOMA! T? Xu lt to-.th- e n 6c I3-A-"Vi- r)i ' j JCIH.N.ERSf.CASrWAT - CO., : R&BTE A MWF1T-T.- - R S-- Agent for RUJiSfiY'S celebrated LIFTand .FOiU-'B- . Pumps Repaired on short notrce. Orders lroro the country promptly responded to.' -- PTJMP.S. r " ft3TAdirs:s. r DAVID JAMS:, Bot 305, SALT LASS CITY. Special to the Ladies. - ! old-tim- broad-brimme- d hat of auld laug-syn- e Irpeu this to the earnest-heartejeremiade4 and bid woman who, in roaring Gotham, plans for us women a cistuma that hints at better God-spee- d dayt. AT TEASDEL'S and -- Will be found the latest styles in d Tu ru,. l,,,. ! qt diphtheria, Marv of James S. and L,'ias, f "'vnu' uurn January 8th, 1874, and was therefore aged 13 years, 10 months and 23 days. , Lillias was a bright and sweet girl, who endeared herself to all who knew b,r, by her dutiful and obedient spirit : -- pioductions LACES, RUCHES,"1 EMBRODEKIES, . FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, e - ., . ' me. Much I muse why these thing3 are, arid clearer grows the conviction that woman will never be a rational citizen of the world while these things are. I recognize joyfully the progress we have made siuce I was a student at ,J: --Mil waukee-- iolB57r-wlie"stylish who wore less than eight white skirts trailing on the ground after her; but how slowly we move when women of refinement will wear bustles, lace themselves as of old, pinch hands Diana Reid, Prest. andjeet, bare their heads to the blast that their "';: ; Sarah Cumderland, Sec. tufts of bonnets may be "like the rest," and simper .their'critieisms on 'Mress'reTorm." Near "Leaves fiave their time to fall, me on the walls of my study hang-Ann- ie And flowers to wither at the north wind's hreatb vt;ii t And stars to set but , all, j new. costumes, I look up at them with a Thou hast all seasons for thine own O Death ... v e know prayerful heart, saying, "How loug, 0 Lord,' when moons shall wane, now long?" When summer birds from far ill sh cross the if a. W hen Autumn's Instead of the walk I would like to take, hue shall tinge the golden grain conditions the modest, bad I the But who shall teach . for thee?" ushen tojook simple, short dress,- loose jacket, and . DIED, in the 17th Ward. 5v1t ... , - IN MEMORIAM. . -pin, ' ! . ? ; cufT-to-a4lustan4- . 'The loved and lost they are within the door, I That shuts out loss and e very" hurtful thing, 4 '.. , draw on collar and dsio shoes to button, to OBITUARY. .. DlEO.-i- t-- fi out-door- ; ' And an elegant assortmeuf of a- o O ZD S : jQE, Special department for Ladies' Misses' and -- - StmpR. i 12, 114, 116, , 11& 'Shut Tvnpl In-fint- 'a Strtti. 