f 4 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 102 " :i 4 is a lethargy arooBgc the people; we can see the hand of God id colonizing thisjand, in fulnJIment " Apostle Thatcher said: "Brethren and Uters many ol you. wonder why you are here, you have left your beautiful homes surrounded1 w t H faults and fl9wers,let me teU yd u' pod called you; wants you here. This was a' great ielp'to'me o labor'lnlthe uttermost part of the vineyard where . I can do some good., rj.yt. RrAnrhts nf the Relief Sdeietv r,UV hnv" in this Stake and some living active batnt among the, sisters ; we hold our .monthly3 meetings regui larly and take intOL consideration the.nursingnj Care of the 'sick; aUhough there 'isnotnpAc; coucher with a diploma,-i- all the lancHhere rras hot been a single case lGst .inrpnfinemeiiteKcepf oneJ and Xthat was "premature: ;;iohce :heard . l-- ivro otmjt climate and cohmle's with .the same give ;oneolpny two physicians the other none; leave them ten years and" the orielwilhout a doctor Svoutd putnumber the bther;fio you see" we have r the "privilege? of Prest. Youn sayhe jcp'uld t V' 7, " developing our faith." Prest; Laytonjias given tts: that encouragement that Is necessary ;loTili1drancer)fle of the Society, In fact, all of the organiza; lion receives his attention." We have had ho" finis "nor 'imprisonments In this stake,; which; is attributed to his wise management atidnVe "rtleVcy of God in giving us a Governor that ha'd soul;nnd brain enough to veto that unconstutitlonal amj debasing test oath, that was a disgrace 4b bur Government, and painful to the bVarl of every patriotic rnuspbe lihi? ieelingis of the - framers of the constitution Ad look" rdown arid; see a legal' riW'td thatfreeddm they' so :and hear' ' bravely won, receiving that detestable' 5dath?, to"5 the Ministering angels5 tharbear "messaged eternal worlds, stand tecoTled ahel "abashed with horror at the sight, . 1 soui;-.yWha- t . .. ' Pima, Graham Co, 'Arizona; Oct. 2o,-i3S- v 3 " " reci-rtatio- ri, . jU Lord'sPrayer ' fe n.MijAy on useful ''' o .i vi '. ' k " - - - -- , i ' ORGANIZATION; - Dear Editor: ' , With great pleasure.I communicate to your very interesting paper the following items from North Point: : visited were we of On the nth September, j8SS, M. I. Home and'Eiizabeth Howard,and by Sisters by o u r D ishop a nd Couns elo r jr, ass t s t ed by Bishop of Hrightoni weiwere organized into Schoenfield, ' following officerswere a Relief Society; elected:' 'Hannah Hanson,' President;. Margaret. A. Reid and Ann VViiHamV Counselors;-MargareHanson,' Secretary ;n:Roztna iltudy Treasurer. The officers were blessed and set apart under the fv;rAprlU hands of the 'Bishoprics ' We had some good instruction gl ven us, and were encouraged in the duties we have to perform. We held oar first meeting ;"oh the: iotlrofj3epL;- - :, , The t to-da- to-da- , j... y. . , y - -. 5-- -- feti closings re marks, and reminded the sisters of our light harvest in some partvof the valley, and that we as iter and mothers should bet p our Iras " bands to take jjare of tba wneat tor nreaa,Jor " tother ot short to is better atiiinga than it go rU ; bread. '".lyi 1 Meeting adjourned till the first Sunday in March, 1 889. i i SingingiBenedietfoii : by ' Sarah Por3 made"-- a 4 7 mm- 9 - jT-t-'-- . , u l Philip btrmgam.. , Ada Loxghubst, Secretary.; ?.Ww,,, f , ., " f Lord to rest upon all His Church in the name ' of Jesus. Ameii. :: IThe Report? from the difleient; branches of he Relief Society were read. 1 '-- ... o H . ..' , . :- - . ,L Prest. S. R. Bennion said, "I am pleaded f or the opportunity I have of meeting with the We have had some, good instruo sisters tion from the sisters. 1 think the sistersjof )he Relief Society have atjreat mission ,to perforaj, arid the vouni? Iadie3 should shun the coruDahv of a young man who is in. the habit oLdrm k- - people. Pre.it rs i .1 J -- g the be3tofeverythiog. young man thinks aryoung lady shuns hirn.ori acconnt of these things, he may try to bo bet- ter.' May the Liora Diess.au tne oranchea ot the Society in the Church, and enable them to :; do right, i3 my prayer Ameri.;, v Cbuu. R. S. Collett said he wasSleased'to meet with the sifters, and to Bee thdgobd spirit " inai was maue uiaunoat uyuuso iuat pJi.ef and also the love that existed in families; and the Borrow in parting, and the joy1 in ; meeting kfrain and many more things that we have not room for here; then asked thf Lord toblesj Hii 5 - - ' . irr ; read "and approved. 4Tfeel it a duty Sister A. K Bartlett1said, to arise when called upon to'speak to my si3r an interest-irt the prayers of all tei, I desire present" Read a portion of a sermon preached eleven-yeaago, in Ogden, by Brighami-ounat si Relief Society meeting, and printed in the Exponent. : It was a very, appropriate piece for the occasion, and all listened with .intense interest. Made a few- remarks, on7 the. same. Said how necessary Jt wa3 for us to ask the Iyprd-tgiye xs wisdom, that . we may understand the principle of tlie Gospel; mtheta should teach the firgt principles of thej Opspel to their, child ren; th e principles of. the Gospel are as jthey were iii the rbe just the same -- I ' MmutcV of the seConvt conference 6 fthe Re-- J ller,ocletyothd Uintah Stake of Zipn, which convened in the Ashley meeting house, Sept. 2nd, T888, ,Tftat; SamhrPope presiding:" Singing, 'Syeet i3 the work." ; Prayer by A. H. .Bartlett Singing, "My 'God, the spring of all my joys." ''Minutes1 of -- previous conference s JU - . - :U.iXTAH-.'STAKE.- ; - - . matters. touching many 1 Imprest. OiXhompsoneaid she was greatly iileased with Hhe - way ini whiclr th& exercises n ad been rendered; she would like to have seen ..j more fof the parents present. Told the children thomiist all' come i the party-- at 2, p.m. ' Thompson.-'titt.- fr Singing. TBenediction by Prest. :; ; SYLVXTiiOMrsoiT, Secretary. ; -- "J- i - . iBhter Agnes JarJiae-Spokto the children in a Tefy encouraging !raanner: '' CPU r.. , ' t i " ; pro?-gres- . R-v- tk . I - " Sister "Caroline Stringam WQ3 called; upon to address the congregation, for .a fihort .time. Tiinuntit thA brethren should feel interest ed in our meetings, and try to help tNJStera jo get vo meciiog, luasujutu i4jr .u.p oiaiera said parents should attend have, to attend, to; Sunday School and '.'Primary; also sookeof ;b-S- t rnciiam she had heard' Sister' E. R. Snow ' Smith give' the sisters in times that were past. Dicier iVUattil vM uiauo t itit tcuittinj vu that 3he had been reading in the Book nassatres O of Mormon, that were very interesting,'' and for the : spoke of what the Lord had in store . i laithluL e - Milch el sisters Coun. Elizabeth gave-ththewifo'i some good instruction concerning ' husband's care of the earnings, and making which wero- - answered by the following little !girbi.;Kati, Godfrey .5lay Jardine,:31elkm r GrjfliiivdieSbuiiiway and Susie -- Atkinson; I ElliOgtiyte faug a song; Tom ruy Gritiiu, red-- j tation; May and Juhnay jarJiue, a s6:ig. the children a Bro,; A. G. ."White-- addreiaed ;' - ' short time. " and company; f Bialpgue,jAnnieJjoosiie Ellie". Harris, Ksi'ayi George lagglp; Jensen, recitation; Lettie Shurnway, iecitatiou." "rc-st-. 3fary OritBn addressed the lchitdfen 6n ob?: Clark 'recited "Motto Card, No. 5; Johnny Tli om pson aud Lettie Shuraway recited, the , NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. . Hamilton Wi!cox,4a.his "Women uftrage be to with am pleased TPrest.:Sara,h;Pope7RI Note3 in TheStar, New York City, has eome-thiit does me good to see my sisters ,Jierqr. to say about 'Women in the'Presidential well so o comfortable and in his own 'everybody. looking .Election," which we give below ; clothed. .Thirty years ago the people in Utah words. Ed. r;-': .';",, rl' did nofr.haye ia, ;much , 03 they have, if febad,a bomemadedress ,6n we were just as - The presidential- - result, is now known-ri- t and pervim not . when last Sunday's. iNotea'. were .happy andthankful as we are haps rabep,ecause , i was harder to get it; written and this fact is clean the women de today' there is, "plenty ,of everything In "our cided the struggle. The skill, the inr?r.", thft monev. the labor of iwo'creat parties fliL fUt midst,2 bdt do "we appreciate these blessings?-TfT- f not" We should. Thirty years ago a lady could balanced each other. By themselves, the men oV. Salt Lake walV.the'stre City in the night were almost if it yayeccssary, arid there was no one on women'a cam rign planned arid,,, carried ; uf to-da- y; 1 -- . to-da- y; to-da- y, t " ' Praying that the blessings us at!, I remain, of God maybe FT with t J i Your sister in the Gospel. ' -- MaIigauet Ai HAKSox, ? the streets tosa anything to her. Is that the through by Judith Ellen ' pster,;turned;the casclto-day?- '' it was by; Repdblj-- . "Io, it is not. , Our'good goverscale, accspted and upheld nment th5ught : they would1 send men here to "mend the mbrall of the- people; but instead of skillful roanaffement,; dauntless courage and that they: introduced evil practices - to lead away: jsteadfast devotion ot Hra..Eoster; the eloquence 4: . our'cMidt;en.?; I ask the oi Anna juicninon, lariua xnccr, u j Lord to bless us all, ismy. praver in the name ihe conntless clubs rfol s, oi J esus- .- Amen. iwpu nucan iwomenTparauing,woxjuM5; - Mestiug then ddjoiirncd till 2 p.m. Sinsrinjr, tioneering for their party, brought toJts.ai4i fll saw 41; mighty .angel ily?! Benediction by power? and an enthu3aismn strong enough - to - V , i- HPres t; Sarah' Pope.' sway the balance; iThe ;rDemocr3to,were Afternoon Eeisicu: Prest. Sarah Pope presidwarned of their danger assoon arthe Republt-caywomen's: campaign bean, and;, were ading, ? Singing, : ."Awake, , ye Sain U of ..God, a wake." uPrapr tby h a J. VClark Singing, vised to call, the Democratic women Jo ,jbeir Saints to Afilic,ted Christ draw near' v, The aid; but they did not do so qaickenVugb, Tipr j names of all :the different presidents and their with, the organisation and.F8teni1be.reita counselors Tvere read, and eustaiDed..the Republicans did it, "and. they 'did not, . Secretary I ean-enrain- ; i "::r. 8., y7l. ' , 1a;&i; a:epopt8. j 5 CLARKSTON " : rrJMARV.. Primarymntial meeting of - -- c . : . arkstonrheld - XovvSth, 1888, Prest. Crhompson presidiag; Jensen. Singing. Singing. Prayer by 0,-" Minutes Kolt called i;praTious annual meeting read and aceqiteoV? t i i Coun. Sarah Shurnway Jisked .the Uiblequei-tioas- , which were answered in coticerl:jJyilliaiii Shurnway, recitation; Daunie and Eddie Godfrey,. xecitaticn from idard; oa ood. manners; SUtef E. J. Jardine'J asked Bible 2questiori3, - A i : . itt : - . women-speaker- ; -- ; ; v : n - , - : 