I 12 Editor.  B. WELLS, semi-monthl- ' ' and then came onXtoXouncil: Bluffs. r Elder Sno was selected as one of the Pioneers Finland Temple,indhas testified othe wonderful;: - tor seek put a resting place tor tne baints, and as has often been told, was one of the first to look , gifts and manifestations recei ved and seen therein. upon this beautiful valley on the 21st of July, He was earnest and zealous in his labors in the 1847, the other being Orson' Pratt. a and' as among missionary ministry I t is impossible tq give more than an. item here the' people, converting and baptizing many also and the into and there of the life and labors of the great and organizChurch, good man, but his days were full ot usefulness ing several branches in, .various districts in months. and his ways and words were always rich in wisPennsylvania, where he labored-somdom' and in the gifts of the Gospel with which he Like many other Elders in those days, he suffered from prejudice, and had narrow escapes from, was endowed from his youth until the time of hh mob violence. He afterwards went out in other decease. After the .organization of the- First directions on other missions in several of the Presidency from the- Quorum of the Twelve was Very successful in evangelical "Stakes,-anApostles causing: three vacancies, inere was work. Elder E. Snow Was often engaged in public still anotheT vacancyv-causeby Lyman Wight's were brethren discussions with men of talent and public notoriety chosen; Elder apostacy, in Erastus. Snow was one of the chosen four oramong the sectarian world, and although young i i d t u h n e e t ca 0 s s s dained to fill the'vacant places. In October Con- earsjm. dLnot p o s e nglj ec 0 egja i &j that ministers are expected to receive in the outu Kill t 1CIC1H.C lUliWTiiij ujuuiivu fj in landed side world, yet he invariably succeeded in debate and Denmark to mission Copenhagen wasfamiN He of the the .one the s of was This in Gospel. principles upon June 1850, great iar with;"1hc Scripttires.rand his reasoning was of missionary work.for the Gj)spe . logical and convincing to the throughouut Scandinavia from city to city and n A - ma nvthnilSn T t hai'A f to w hppn Pennsylvania and. oMin Jn i838,.after admission J U1I I Jir tn' rnnntr 1 J Virginia, he went up to Far West, where his gatiiered home to Zibn. This mission alone would have immortalized the memory of Erastus Snow, parents and other relatives had removed from Vermont. It was there he married, December 13, but his efforts in the cause have never ceased or 1838, Artemisia Beman. His subsequent career wavered, but his course has been onward and his Is in Missouri labors untiring:- - As a colonizer in Utah and ad. spoken of as a very important era in the. jacent. lands he has ever been indefatigable, in his life. With other brethren, he aided with thase and wherever it was possible to open up towns or imprisoned attempt of the Prophet him to escape from Liberty Jail, Feb. 8, 1839, and abiding places, or to subdue the soil and make ' homes for the people. was, with his companions, arrested and imprisoned ; and afterwards tried, when he plead his own cause It'has been remarked that Erastus Snow as' a in the court with such soundness and eloquence, colonizer was second only to Brigham Young. that the judge inquired where he had "studied Southern Utah is in itself a positive proof of his ' ' law. labors, enterprise and development, as it is well After the Saints were driven from Missouri, known to all familiar with the countrythat it was Brother Snow located his family in Montrose, on one pi th,e most desolate and forbidding regions, the opposite side of the Mississippi from Nauvoo. yet the. Saints under, his advice and leadership i j ui uumca tiuuA k.,;h it He performed some missions in Illinois, and ad-- r uum nave iiiiiuc lucuiscivca ucmiuuic to who ministered were sick many up and beautified towns, cities, and farms, and he himself was until At erected' in its midst a magnificent" Temple; prostrated. --- in p. Q ctobttCoRkiimce he 1539, UllOUgilUUl llldt pail Ul UWIi UlUr )UU liJ was made a member ..of cthe High Council at where recognized and spoken of as a father to the Montrose.- Like many others of the Saints in . .' s people. these trying times, he.and his family were severetraveled and few has he the last years During ly afllicted with tever and ague. In the Spring of labored in istablishing settlements and arranging iS4orElder-Snow-starte- d on anothermission to ' and directing the affairs of the. Saints in Arizona the East, preaching and traveling in Pennsylvania and Mexico. He possessed the indomitable, will New with and Jersey, laboring determination and. heroism that characterized the great diligence -- " : . . . ' No. 25 E., South Tempi Street, second of Deseret News Office. Business hours frora 10 a.ra Exponent office, e to 5 p.m. every day, except Smidajw Address all business communications to ' PUBLISriER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, . M t. Pisgah he made a return trip to N au voo, . iu Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: Published one copy one year,"S2.'00;: one, copy dx months, SI 00. Ten "oples for the price of nine. Advcrtisingjatps: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil '" A liberal discount space, onetime" 52.50; per month, $3.00 to reirular advertisers. gate eat i From fore he had enjoyed these advantages, hisjsermons-wer- e alluded to as models 0 oratory aniLeloquence. Bro. Snow was present at tjie dedication of the EXPONENT. WOMAI T,S E MUTE Lift E WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - . - Salt. Lake City, Utah,' d Entered at the Tost ffflce in Halt Lake City; Utah, as Second Class Matter: ' j .'. Salt Lake City, June and-fou- r 15, 1SS8. 11 . APOSTLE ERASTUS SNOW. open-ring- Appstle"EfasIusSn6Tv""cne-a- t hisfcstdence ir Salt Lake City, at five minutes to.. seven o'clock, Sunday evening' May 27. 1 8S8. Bro. Snow was decended from .one 6( the early New England (Puritan) families, who located in Mass.', but after wards some of them settled in northern Vermont, where the subject of this sketch was born, in St. Johnsbury, Caledonia Co., Vt., November 9, iSt8. His parents were Levi and Lucina Snow, and he was one of seven sons and4wo daughters. Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball and .Newel K. Whitney, as well as Erastus Show and many other leading men of the Latter-daIt is true, n6 work,; were bom Lin',' Vermont. doubt, that climate and conditions of country have on pttrt nnnn rharnrtpr. and hpp (.rppn Mniin- tain boys were of that honest, upright,-sterlingcharacter which is needful to make Latter-daSaints. ,. In.the Spring of 1832, Elders Orson Pratt and carried the Gospel into that region v Luke Johnson irirl f rnntrf whprc 1 PVi fnnro'c familv 1 wo 6 fit h eljsonsWilbarrintLZ erubhaBelwerel-tbaptized, and subsequently nearly the whole William Snow baptized his brother family. Erastus Feb. '3, 1833. and he was ordained a teacher Jan. 28, 1834, by Elder John FBoynton. At that time he assisted his father in the farm work but he also labored faithfully in the ministry, and visited the Saints in that vicinity doing mission- - honest-hearted- - y . ' , y .. . . axy-w- qi k as opportunitywe ue em re-iYov- r 1 -- . . . - -- " arB4omp44sMrg 4ew-Englan- 4e In August 1841 heleft that field of labor togotcT Salem. Mass., where his success 'was almost unWilliam, and soon after traveled as a missionary in the States of N?w York and New Hampshire bounded; his mission and labors extended into neighboring towns, both in Massachusetts and preaching publicly, and privately. He baptized quite a number into the Church who had been New Hampshire and also into the cultured city converted through his teaching. August 16, 1835, of Boston. We remember very well hearing- hisawe in that region of country when Mormon- he was ordained an Elder by Luke Johnson, and ism first began to be spoken of up among the New afterwards traveled and preached; with Willard Snow, and others in New Hampshire and England Kills in the Connecticut valley," and how " Vermont. expectation was "on tiptoe when the1 news was He left his home in St. Johnsbury for Ktrtland brought that young Erastus Snow was coming up there to preach. The impression of him" at that in company with Hazen Aldrich, Nov. 8, 1835. It in those days to travel 700 time among the local Saints was . that he was Was quite a journey equal to Daniel Webster, in'eloquence and intellimiles, and he was just seventeen the day after they started. While crossing Lake Erie they came gence. He was looked upon by the village folks near being shipwrecked, but were saved, and after as an Eastern man, and ncno much of a pilgrim Mormon' Elders who rather a rough journey they reached Rutland Dec. and wanderer as oth-ecame.and preached from time to time! The idea of his being like Daniel Webster was hot out of After- - his. arrival., in Kirtland, then the head- quarters of the Saints, Erastus Snow was recog- ethe way, as the future verified his "statesmanship nized as a 'young Elder of great promise. He ana ns aaaptation tor legislative work and inpossessed a fine voice, and his eloquence was fluence in "the arena of politics' sd called; Elder Snow was in Massachusetts on his second quite remarkable at that early period, although his opportunities for acquiring knowledge had been mission there, when the Prophet and Patriarch were killed, and hearing of the limited"' to a country school education. In the tragedy he reto turned 1835-3the attended of Elder's school he Brother Snow was actively .enwinter in Ktrtland, where he received instruction, both gaged in the I'emple work until the exodus, and religious and secular, and he wis an attentive and left Nauvoq Feb. 16,1846, with the first companies of tlie exiled Saints on their apt student, thirsting for intelligence. Even be journey westward. "1834, he a Priest by his brother was-ordaine- his-brothe- .-- . ; i - , 6, Xa-uvoo- . rmrn-v4mme-was.j- de ana wnicn many ot tne leaders 01 tnis L.nurcu inherited from their noble ancestors. The Lord-raise- d such men and women as were heeded to establish and maintain the principles of the everlasting Gospel, and Bro. Snow is an - illustrious example-of-th- e strong and unflinching characteristics of the class of- men that are. work He was needed to carry on the Latter-danot only faithful honest and upright among men one! in hie rnKl!n lifo Vvtif Via trn c fvpm nlarV S 2. husband and father in his family relations. He has left a large family to mourn his loss, but they have the comfort and consolations of the Gospel, and an assurance that reaches beyond the. grave-thaif they remain faithful and true they will meet him again and enjoy his society where there is no pain or parting and all tears are wiped away. j. The funeral of Anostle E. Show was held in the Tabernacle in Salt Lake City, May 30th, services commencing at 12 m. The body of Bro. Snow r lay in state from 8 o'clock in the morning, and many thousands availed themselves of the opportunity of taking a last look at the face of the deceased. The beauty and purity of the "white emblems used in draping, with funning lines of evergreens and white flowers, was very striking, and was certainly in keeping with the views of the Latter-da- y Saints. There were many vases o flowers and floral tokens of love in suitable de- up-ju- st - y - t .. 