I WILL ANSWER FOR MY PEOPLE. they braved the. perils and rials.of the great desert journey, and in these valleys have toiled hard" and long, building homes and cultivating the earth,' and now when the valleys are blossoming and verdant, and these brave, white-hairewomen can .walk in tEeir own works. '"''; It is now forty , years since the first gardens, gathering fruit and flowers, each one convention of women wa3 held at Seneca truly feels. that she has been given the fruit of -r Falls,,; 2Sk Y.j and the first organization of her "hand'?," and her own wDTk3praise her in Mormon women ha3 .a- .much earlier date, the gates. Owing to the Relief Society, there is no bu t i t :is not ourrin tention .todwelllon particular;Ti-s-need, Hin Utah" of a Grange . ' p 'Tithis organization, far it is -- already!; faAssociation, : as mis society alleviates tne miliar with the readers of the Exponent, monotony and humdrum of farm life, and scarcely "a" number appearing which does not affords those : advantages to women in Utah contain reports froo-- these societies their that the Tj range does in other places. Our elivezrlo&Tnece?HtFfkcaiincor liWomenL 4rganiza4ionsand reunipns sufficient number of Saints are, there one is the grainand have '.a separate organization for the owners4 sure to find a Relief Society helping to build that purpose; they at present are r" of Inaweintor.edran'a'riesr7up ana strengtnen tne community. .... The first subject discussed at the Washington. WOU EN IN ' EDUCATION. Convention was philanthropies, the one great? '. X-.... .v' ana almost lnexnaustiDiesuDjecc ior tne women the the hrst company, Among pioneers; were . of. Utah, for os philanthropists are they best only three women Glara Decker- Young, known. It is better, however, to arrange our Ellen Sanders Kimball and Harriet P. Wheeler topics as they grew, and therefore first consider Young whose names 'should ever be rememthe subjects discussed by Anna M. Word en bered and claim a glorious place in every page and Esther L. Warner. relating to the early history of Utah. - There were no children; but the September following WOMN IN THID GRANGE AND WOMEN AS five hundred families arrived. 1 In the south , .FARMERS. greater degree of woman's progress in this Territory is due to this organization, yet wo-dnot forget there are other societies of women uere and takegfeappleasure in presenting to our readers a brief report of their aims and " o 'I will answer for my people" was the virgin monarch When flatterers bade her guard her life .arnid ' her armed ' ,. " ho:t. "My throne is based on England's love, or her crown . would worthless be;' And my sceptre, well might tremble, were its guardian ". ; - ' Tyranny.' 'Twas well, heroic jnaiden, that eagle glance of yore, And well the grovelling sycophant might quail such tones' '" .before; Yet I have ' " A. heard a joltier tone, a nobler glance I've seen, , 'Twill answer for the people in danger's darkest hour, for the people against each hostile power; for the people, for their every care is mine, ask no odds of mortal foe, my mission is divine J' I will answer I will answer J d ., . - . r- - . . Than e'er decked earthborn majesty, or graced a courtly ' ' ". scene. And 1 ; -- , ' i ... v '.. - : Such were the sounds that thrilled around when Zidn's ...v Prophet rose, the him hearts that trusted bleed would for,his Knowing " '. repose; .' And prouder, loftier, was his mien, aye, more than kingly, when '.'..' From all'that vasfassembly came as from one soulAmen. ''. . , Aye, answer for thy people, thou, their lion heart of truth, Answer again, again, again from hoary age to youth, We wiH not own another chiefJ nor, brook another's sway Until His voice shall will it so, whose word all Saints obey t We do not call thee Chieftain, ' i. We do not ''name .thee K t'ng, Wre wreathe no brilliants for thy. brow, No ermine round thee fiing-Anthou art crowned, but with the light That gilds the throne above; Thy lofty spirit's" wealth of power, , v-'- , , ., .';.'.'. d- s .Thyeople'5cKngtftg-4ove- . - '".;- "77: , We do not call thee Chieftain, Thy cheek would flush to hear Earth's titles woven with thy name, And whispered in thine ear, As well presume to gild the sun. Or paint earth's brightest flowers; We only call thee Brigham Young, . ... - - WenlyreallHbheefflrs. , ;; ; We do not call thee Chieftain Let golden crowns be wrought F"or brows unhallowed by the touch Of soul ennobling' thought," But thou the purest holiest prayer ' To listening angels flung, ; Is whispered when thy people breathe x The name of Brigham Young. 1 Sarah E. CaumiChael. '..v;, Bowery, August 8,' 1857. . , For the Exponfnt.1 - f THE WOMEN OF UTA EI. , PART I. At the recent Woman's Jubilee, held in Washington, lengthy, complete and interesting om?n in almost every papers relating to sphere and walk in life were read.,, A perusal of these papers naturally forces one to' consider the relative advancement of women in a single community; and we doubt if any one com- munity can excel Utah in this respect. In comparing 'woman's work in Utah, with woman's work in other lands, it is only just to first of all mention the Relief Society, as the - - , As all the world knows, Utah was once a vast desert, and'the first thing for the pioneers to do was to build homes and cultivate the earth that the necessaries of life might be provided; ill thus? - tlars," Willi xtoT o,iiroJr, iru roads of any kind, jave the one trail marked by their own tired oxen und- worn out wagons, it was impossible to" obtain- supplies from any source than the earth, where their homes were chosen. So, all the settlers became farmers, and as new comers Were yearly arriving, and the farms in Halt Lake valley grew, families spread out in other directions, and began su the soil iu other valleys, toiling unceasingly, until now nearly the whole Territory is We have-al- l covered witK farms and homesteads. from earliest infancy heard of the Pilgrim I athers. and after considerable time and reason v ing the world acknowledges that we also had Pilgrim mothers. It 13 a well known, fact whenever there is work to do the- women-wi- ves and mothers stand by and aid the men husbands and fathers. It is perfectly . - should, are pretty welcome, too. right-thalilie- now a jingle ten acre square, without building or improvement of any kind save a garden and the: gardener's lodge; this square is familiarly known as "The Old Fort;!' here were the first square, secure and plain, the doors and windows facing an inner courtyard, the ou ter walls without opening; or ornament of any sort, in this way protecting the dwellers from wolves and "other wild things with which the country then abounded. Simultaneously with the constructing of homes, the subdfifing; of lands, began - educational work Jn Utah; it was liko all things else a difficult and rather unpleasant" undertaking, as there were so few conveniences; but it became the task of a noble and bright young woman Mary Jane Dilworth, afterward . in. fix QmmAnfli her brother tent, even before the houses were built, and instruct the children who were playlrig afway the sunny hour3 in . the courtyard of The Old Fort. This was the first school in Utah, and the first school teacher rrl f k r KlfhAT in-iaw- M l H E k k 1 I iXk T" 's anoLwe-alway3Jind4he- y y as-manbisameI No one doubts that mothers the Pilgrim helped with the clearing,; the planting, the tending, though their names have not been handed down the-ag- es as the old the of. 'settlers first great bay state It used to be enough to mention .the men, but sometimes the father and husband dies,' and the woman has her own home to make, and the day is fast approaching when woman's name will also, be hurled down the ages, and her praises sung in different climes. .Here, in thfs far qff west, we claim Pioneer Fathers and Pioneer moiherst too, who might have had for their motto the beautiful words which the Rev. Annie II. Shaw- addressed to the young women in her Sunday sermon- - 'If you have a bit of TruttHoldlfa given you; let: no .'power, no injustice, no obstacle, no scorn, no opposition, let nothing extinguish this fiame."v,,Against all opposition, all persecution, all persuasion, these mothers held fast to the "bit of Truth" that Ood had given" them; with their husbands arid fathers ! - -- nee Miss Dilworth, in 1849 accompanied her husband to the Sandwich Islands and there gathered around her the native children, teaching the first English school in Laie. Return- - -ing again to Utah, she became a pioneer in settling other parts of the Territory, and opened in three different places the first school. Her sister, Mrs. Rebecca Riter, in speaking of her work, very touchingly says", "She was in- - . deed a pioneer in all her movements after allying herself with the Church, in teaching, in helping to settle new countries, in the missionary field, in philanthropy, and"! even in her burial, being the first person laid away in the f npvv frrfjavjrrrl ftf. TIlnf.??villfi." J children of arrived Other in. As companies, the valleys and the people spread out in other UroMitina nihor enlinnlj wfprp. atartpxl atifl t.hft demand : for teachers, became greater. Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells, our editor, pleasingly tells of a little school of 65 kept by herself in 1851-in a log building in the upper part of the city; how without desks, charts, black . - 2 