The Eights: of the, Women ofZion, and the Rights of the Women of - .Vol. 17. ", . ' CHRISTMAS HYMN. 'and HanyotHeTiKiDgrilatirig7'to' thef same V fall; . : . . That Jesus Cbriston earth should conic With healing in His wings, And conquer death, hell and the grave, i ''I. And reign as King of kings. -- 4 . granted-ThesejYriting- . i 'Thl3 glorious plan came from the Head . '; "'. Father of light and love j 'rwas sanctioned by the heavely host, Who dwelt with I lim above, 7 7 should That Christ come, dwell in the flesh, C. And be a sacrifice; That countless millions of the dead and - Living might rejoice. ; - , " . ex-.tensi- . . .. " . . shepherds watched their flocks by night,' ' ' ,. 7-- . . O'erspread on Judcan plains, The angels of the Lord appeared, Chanting celestial strains; ; Snch heavenly melodies burst forth ' Seraphic strains arise, , j from world to world, Echoing'grand star-li- t the skies. Along Peace be on earth, goodwill to man, The shining seraphs sang, ; Celestial choirs caught up tlie strain, ;.; While heavenly music rang; Behold, the Star of Bethlehem ! See where fts halo plays; , Your King4 and Savior of this world There iita manger lays. ; ' e five-hundr- . . 7 7 , V : ; - . , ? " ". The birds securely slept, 'Mid leafy boughs, when'night had come, While Jesus oftimes wept, . Despised, rejected, sick and faint, y Athirst and lacking bread, An outcast and a wanderer, "Not where to lay His head. .., " . " -- f ! -- He preached the Gospel, healed the sicl Gave sight unto the blind, And fed the hungry multitude, And sought to bless mankind. Great drops of blood oozed from His pores. - In agony He wept, And prayed, "Thy will be done, not mine,' While His disciples slept. , ' ; -e- xtinct ... The Jews, they smote and spat on Him, ' And spilled His precious blood; ; They hailed Him to the shameful cross, . - . iYearcrucincd their God, . He died, but soon He rose again 7 With victory o'er the tomb; 1H e loosed their hands j the captives frecd, -And brake the prison gloom. . bells, your sweetest chimes!. ' 7 Ring out the glad refrain ! 7 Peace be on earth, good - will to man , '; , Si ; light-haire- race.7 Extend Jing out, glad ' -- a y. Ring but; ring out again ! 7 Peal forthsweet bflls, in midnight hour, Good will, good will to man ! 7 : hiclt--wrer- The foxes had their place of rest, ; bo-lie- vo - . ed tUsmtmt" -- . Hosannah to ih'e "King of kings," Amt-n5: artirnVamrn. vo : - " 3 , " While " : -- '' ;'. Yea, sin and darkness cover earth .' As withr a sable pall. -- tn fou nded-h- eW henthe 1 arrguages-we- re prayed to God that he might retain the language of his fathers. His pleadings were -heard - and r gran ted . and encouraged by this . recognition of the Lord, be asked that lie pre-serve 4the language of his brother as well as those who accompanied him, This prayer was also alsoiyej'urther details of their" travels; how when they reached the'mighty waters they constructed eight barges -orboats and crossed the sea; how they incaeased , subject. The discourse i3 published .in full in The Standard of N.ov. 13, and as we have perused it with great satisfaction we have dc-- . cided to republign narta pf it for the readers of the Exponent, feeling confident that they will fiud it highly interesting and instructive; it also corroborates the testimony of the Book of -- Mormon, which is a matter for the serious consideration of the youth of Zipu. After introducing . his subject - in thBTnostrgraceful' in weallhand population after they bad .landed manner Apostle Thatcher said: on tbi3 continent; how, as time passed or, strife "In the'" Valley of Mexico are located the ruins of" an ancient 7 citr known to began, wickedness increased, righteousness scientific writers and explorers as the City of ceased, battles were fought and they became an the Gods. Its circumference as recently traced extinct. people. The same writings' also refer is shown to have been 27 miles. In the midst xtn ih( rf.npnn lnrr nt thw rnnt.inP.nt anfl 1T1VB a ,of where this ancient city once stood is found very. similar accounrof it to that giyen by the vwhat is known as the pyramid of the noon. young brother this morning. When but a youth of fifteen years I was The larger pyramid covers an area equal to ' twelve acres and when perfect was 280 feet met by the proposition that the Book of ..'Morhigh. The lesser covers an area of about mon was not true, as that book spoke of animals or eighly which were not found on this continent when eight .acres and7is some sixty-fivfeet less in height. These vast structures were Columbus discovered America; animals which constructed by human hands and the massive were such a strange sight to the natives that stones are as true ana as penecuy jam 10 tne on the advent of Cortez and his army- - of men, carrying with them a number of line as any building we have any knowledge of These large pyramids are surrounded by horses, the Aztecs imagined the men and horses m to be 0 n e being, this account many battles were won. Tp this doubtless have reference to the starry" firmament. 'This, people, undoubtedly had a very proposition I could- then only answer, "I the Book of Mormon to be true' but I extensive knowledge of astronomy. They bound-- , the could not tell why. But when a great French originally built with eartb-a- nd walls toirethelnthEolid layers of cemenKl explorer,- while exhuming-a- t a city sixty miles ronVelght to twelve' inches in thickness. The Nfrom Mcx4ook discovered a large number of e eubmjtiedto the Ivalls are evenly sloped down on the four sides, amrnaT bones, and in their original complete form are covgreat scientific school at MexicoTthe learned ered with porphyretic rock oyer which, a heavy savants pronounced them to bel the bonet of " coat of cement is plastered, so that the noon- ' cAiW and horses. Then this explorer exlearned men of Washington day sun as on the pyramids, of Egypt, strikes' claimed, "If the and the wise savant3 of Jb ranee shau 'agree on the four sides of the building. These buildings have not been extensively 'with the 'savants of Mexico, I ehall have suffiopened up a branch of natural history and explored throughout the interior, butbeauti-lully science that will be a wonder to the world.0 ciently so to discover interior rooms, "The learneoVmen painted, decorated and frescoed, the And it proved to be true. fwort remaining as perfect and preserved as if agreed upon the decision of the 'Mexican sa'" vants. Thus we have scientificicsearches, and but modern works of art-7 7 When the Aztecs came from the north they one by one they bear testimony, without a found this city and' these pyramids in ruins. knowledge of the contents of the jBook of : traditiong of an Mormon-b- y the diHCvexers, ef the divinity of The fbundalso-eertai- n people which caused them to make a re-- Ibis ancient history; We have a knowledge cord that the people wno Dunt mese magnm- - through Joseph ; Smith's 7 translationof the 3 t, Book of Iorinon7 of the warswhich deyasta-.-te- d were-wmie raw uuu uut ui ant eainces the country; of the retreat of the Nephites skin as were the A ztecs. Excavations demonstrated; this record l to be Hrue, tor in in a northerly direction, step by stepv Recent opening the graves of this, enlightened people scientific rosearches demonstrate this line of d retreat to have 7 been truly described; The the discovery was made that they were a --- man should sin, ...7' transgression lan-"gnage31at- the twenty-twQj.jn-dividua- ls -- 7An& 'through ' e. anthem, fraught ivith praise;-- Yea prophesied and sang with joy Of these the latter days. J he plan conceived, tho No 13. ; . glorious plan conceived r4 Arr : 7 this peoplejdescribing a band that came from across the sea at the confounding, of the Towerof BabeIrft Bpeaksof a At the Young Men's Conference held h the people that traveled through tho .wilderness --Tabernacle at: Ogden - City Novi: 11, Apostle ;l'or years; They gathered with r them.a great Mosea Thatcher delivered a verjr able and elo, The many seeds as well as the honey-beleader oLthis little band of 7 quent address touchingapon the ancient inhabi. found favor, in the sight, of God. tants of tHis continent, the ruins of their cities til the Tforning Stars' did shout 1- . . all Nations. ABOUT , CENTRAL AMERICA AND ' MEXICO. This earth had not in orbit rolled," , Or present form received When In grand council holy Gods 't-- , ? S4LT LAKE G1TY, UTAH, DECEMBER 1, 18SS, Forth Exponent. v Is A r inWi-tnejroi- d'r the sun to the pyramid of the moon, is still to be Eeen a gigantic cause ways of cement. It re mains in such a perfect condition that it can easily be traced without making any other excavations than those already made by the winds and the storms. The smaller pyramid j3 encircled by rows of seats on two sides facing this causeway where, doubtless, on occasions of great import and weight to the nation; fat 1. . .. 7 thousands of people. : 7 the of writings of Thefe js ajloqk preserved sign altations-etthiiLretreatin- peoplcan Je traced through Central America, the; heart of Mexico, crossing the ; AITssissippPRiWrTlHencc". on across the Red River and up through Ohio, until the people made their weary march to the hill Cumorah, in New York,' where 230,000 " brave : souls drew their last breath of life in ' : ;:' one day. 7": Many of the fortincations on this line ot retreat are still preeerved and show by their choice of location as well as manner of construction that the people who built them were 1 : ": " ' :v'? 