WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 180, eised it for seventeen .years, and have sjnee been, 'most unjustly deprived "of: it. In this respect they have had .opportunities for practical experience beyond that enjoyed. by the majority of the women of the n a tig a, though" tlie fomen of Wyoming had the suffrage conferred, upon thenrat the. same time that it was giver;. in Utah. The women's "organizations that exist throughout Utah are not suffrage societies,, to be sure, but they include that, as- they do all other, rights and privileges that pertain to ..the advancement, of womankind; and the teaching ' and instruction given through the medium of these associations .and' societies" embraces in its scope everything " that is worth kriowirvg pertaining'to this life and the life to come- - All Jruth, all science, all intelli gence, and the growth 'and "progress of every faculty and attribute of the human - soul. JThn there be higher or purer motives or aspirations to work for, or to live for, than these?- What need ' : Latter-da- y Saint women care Tor the .ridicule or neglect of the women of the world.knowing so well what prize they have set out to obtain? Very littleiIt will JjcJbe. duty, and privilege of those -- now many pro-- . growing ujv4iwrito4cad-out.in- i grcive mnvpTTifnK for, the spread and iliffusinn of. grand and glorious principles for the benefit of : : the human race. Alreadythe '"people of the .world flock hither' and are anxious to know m(6re of the peculiar. -- people of whom-they and rumors, and the prophecies of - modern prophets will surely be fulfilled concern' ing the nations of the earth coming to Zion, to learn of her ways and. .to be. taught in her pre; cepts. Then there must- be. teachers, and those who are.learn'cd in the' ways of wisdom and refine It has been said ment and great knowledge. that the Queens and' nobl.es of the .earth should come, and should bring their riches rnde fine rai"ment and precious gems. ' And why should the Saints doubt it? The things that have already. come to pass are wonderful, and should inspire the Saints w ith sublime faith to reach out to the future'. The daughters of Zion have every reason "to lift up their lie ads ancErejoice," if they are faithful in keeping the commandments of God, for He. will whhholcL-n-o good thing from them. Let them, learn well the lessons tf life, in all their and most minute details, and despise symp-licitnot the little things' that make up the sum of human, happiness or misery. le obedient to parents and to' the counsel of those in authority, and regard cai efully the advice of men and women of experience, who have borne the heat and bur-de- n of the day,,and maintained their integrity and kept the .faith, even if., their ways are and their- language quaint and ungram-maticaReverence for o( age and regard for honesty, are among the virtues to be cherished. Seek to do good to all and to impart the knowledge and understanding which God has bestowed for the benefit and blessing of alimankind. The women of many lands who came together in the grand International Council in America recently, are engaged in' a good cause the emancipatroTrand advancement of woman- everywhere from the bondage that thq centuries past have sought to fetter her with.. They fiave Hfted in part the veil of ignorance and superstition that covered the minds of men as well as women. Can any one icad the speeches of these learned and ' cultivated women at theCouncil and not feel sure that they are performing .'noble part, and helpingr to purify society and to 'elevate humanity? Would that every woman iri Zion were living up to the light of the Gospel imparted to them, fully as this band of untiring workers are' to the light they have;received. To them the ground taken and the statements made here'lr, ayseem egotistical, for they cannor comprehendabe women of the Latter-daSaints, or grasp the heavenly truths that buoy them up under persecution, trials and - HXPOXHNT. WOMAN'S in Salt J.ako Chy, Utah Terms: I'uhlLshed one one copy oris ye ir, i'2.oo; cpy hix mutfis,';.l 00. Ton of r.hie. .7"oukw for the pf.ee Advcrtising rates: Each square, ten Hues of nonpareil discount . j,ucc, one time, SWO;-- er 'molith.S3.00-- tA ).Mer;fl to regular advertisers. Exponent office, No. 2.' E., 'South Tcrnr-l- Street, t Rate east of tfeserct News (!hee. ISiwri.; hour? ror V) cm I to 5 p.m. every day, exeept Sujvlny. Address nil business comniimieution to' seint-inonlhl- ; -- -- - . ' d ' ' '?nn.rII.KR .WOMAN'S KXI'OXl'NUV : ' " ; ' ' ' .sat. r Laki. Citv. I'tah- -. ' . Salt La ke May Citv, 1, 1 a8S. EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. ; x . It is most probable -- have-heard such-uncerta- in tlie-ancie- nt -- - that these two organizations platform and combine the general Interest? there seems to4rc no good rea- son for dividing their forces, for in union there is ..,: power. t It is noticeable in almost every instance, that whenever "Mormons': arc. to be admitted, a ques- "' tion arises as to the feasibility of the matter And although four delegates were .allowed representation in the International Council and Convention, yet when it. came to the electinqf delegates for Utah, as standing members of the Executive Coni mittee, there was"l?ome debate as to Iiqw the matter should be .managed to give the representation. MrsTHan ietfl!. EobinToriof Massachusetts, offered a resolution on the subject, which was passed, and that settled vthe question without, further discussion. It was very timely, and perhaps one should say noble of, Mrs. Robinson, but die Cannot help wunueung way any apoiogy 01 " resolution should be necessary to admit TJtah women as delegates or members of the Committee. the .But the stubborn fact remains. ,EoUawing resolution which put an end to, the controversy: ' "Resolved) That the National Woman Suffrage Association knows. no North, no South', no East, no West, but is. cosmopolitan, and welcomes to its membership women of all classes, all races and all 7 . . ., religions." The following resolution was adopted: will agree on some , . - ' . . "Resolved, That the Executive Committee of the National Woman Suffrage Association. now assembled, accept and approve the clear and forci-- . ble statement of Mrs. "May Wright Sewall in to the actionof the! Committee of Arrangements in calling an International Council" of Women, and do hereby tender them ou r sincere and grateful thanks for the magnificent work doncby them, and we congratulate ourselves, not only on the wisdom of onr choice, in selecting them to do this great work, but on the blessed results that have followed our united labors." The women of Utah have the same claim to the rights of citizenship, that other women have; not only that, but they have had conferred upon them the right of the elective franchise, and exer- -- re-ga- . -' -- '. - ' . . - At the Convention of the National Woman Suffrage Association, held .in Washington after .the. adjournment of the lnterpatijonal. Council, a sort of union of t he t wo w i ngs o f th c S ultra gists JvasJa !kil o f a n d pa nsproposed. At length- . "It was decided to reject the proposal of the American Wv S. A., viz.: that conference committees from the two 'societies, should ;gree upon terms of union, to be aftcrwards ratified by each association separately. A counter proposal was made, instead, that a joint convention'of the two associations should be held to decide upon terms This proposal is now before 'the of union. American Conference f". Committee for considera-tion.- " ' - . . . rd . - y old-fashion- - - y -- ed l. , difficulties, that seem grievous and', almost insupportable. Verily, the things of God are only un- rlArcniT. Hv ihp Snfrit of Gnrl. and hnw, nprpccin. it is 'for every woman, as well as every man, to know whereof to speak, and in whom to trust, arid to, be ready at all times to give a reason for ..... the hope that is within. The great events that are transpiring and the great. changes that are. developing on every hand, the wonderful invitions of the age, .and the "''running to and fro in the "earth," persecution of 'the Elders who are proclaiming the Gospel, and -- the Various tendencies of the times to excess and extravagance, should, each and all be warnings to strive more humbly and diligently this people,-t"and retain the Holy Spirit, that they ,to cultivate may be preserved from the powers of the adversary, and obtain the exaltation which they hate set out to win, 11 is a uuic iur serious incugnt and earnest prayer,-buitjs also a time for decisive action. There is much- to be done in a short, space, and there are but few who feel the importance Xif the work to be accomplished. i o - : t . THE FIRST OF JUNE FOR MAYDAY." We noticed in trie Richfield Advocate that the Primary Association of the Second Ward of Rich- fiolrt u'rfl nronsn'n'r n rrrnnrl rptphratinn fitr fi. day, and were to have a concert in the evening. It is ngni anu proper 10 aridngc icmi vines-an- a amusements for the children under the auspices has always 'been of the Primaiy, and May-dalooked upon by all the little people as the one day in the spring-tim- e to be celebrated by the children in "May walks" and flower gathering. While one would hardly like toask for a radical change in the custom, still it often happens that the first df May is cold or damp, or both, and in this climate there are not a great variety of ' so early. It was suggested, two or three years apfo, that it would be very appropriate for the children here in these valleys to celebrate the first of June, as they .. r. jIa were wont-to-a- o tne nrst 01f May, it was.tne birthday of Bngham Young, and it would be fitting that theay should be a sort bf holiday He led the people to these and pleasure. beautiful valleys, where peace, happiness and prosperityibounded for so many years under his fatherly care and management, and, the children ought to remember the day with songs and glad ness.- The Primary Associations, especially, might choose this as a day of days for them. I t would be a of the respecto-tlre-memoFounder of these peaceful vales and hamlets, if the children would so reooghize the day, as to set an example that would be followed in years to come, and make it a lasting remembrance. June days are beautiful; the whole earth is then radiant with the glory and beauty of flowers and shrubbery., In this climate particularly, every. thing is at its best in natural scenery .early 111 June. Roses ia abundanceuntil the air is laden with have at that time atperfume, and tained the highest perfection, and are found in the greatest variety. . We hope the sisters will think favorably of this , idea, and adopt the practice of celebrating in someappropriate way the birthday of Bngham Young; and it is a time of year when nature is all smiles and sunshine, sparkling and effervescing just as the children do when they have a holiday, and it does seem to he th dav most suitable for' rambles in the fields,- the lanes, the canons, or wherever they may find ample room for outdoor restraint. enjoyment, In many homes in the various cities, towns and settlements throughout the valleys of the moun tains, the name ofJBrigham Young is spoken with tenderness and a sort of reverence, on account of his many noble deeds, and the great work he performed as a leader and a benefactor to this people time-honore- wild-flower- d s - 1 -- m 1 - pre4ty-tr4bu4e-- of ry " . wild-flowe- rs - m tree-fro- x .V 