WOMAN'S EXPONENT. wealth we accumulate; thought it. was no time foT folly and Vanity but moe of a time for. feasting and prayerlspoke of. the., necessity, of our- children, to try being very watchful, of in contact with and keep them from evil influences; set good examples for them to follow and said many more excellent things. Mrs. Lucinda Brown was glad to meet with . her sisters; feared that we did. not appreciate the blessings.that we enjoy; asked theisisters if they remembered to pray for those whowere in exile and deprived of their liberty; never had seen a time when she felt tT"acknowledge the hand oi the .uora in an tnings as she am . , . " . us,tis myprayer. Conference adjourned for three months, to meet at Kaysville. Singing, "Truth reflects Benediction by Lzra 1 .r, upon our senses. ' -- Clark. : . .. - tt n JvIIODA JtilNMAN, QeC she has' been one month married to another man. After the third divorce, the husband must pay the part of the dower-whicwa set aside f'orthe.wife before marriage, and he must support her out of the house during the three months" in which she may not marry If the wife be separated from again. the man, and ' not divorced, she receives a weekly allowance from him."' A divorced woman may, after divorce, retain her son, under two years of age, and custom gives the child, to the mother until it is seven years old; then the father must claim the son. When a man forfeits an engagement to marry, he must pay the woman half her dower, and she is free to marry at once. When a wife is disobedient, the husband may beat her; if she persist in disobedience he may take her with two witnesses, not his' relations, to the court,- and declare against her, and if she does not promise to be obedieu thereafter, is not obliged to feed, Jodge or clothe her; but need not divorce her; and if he suspects that she desires to be divorced in order to remarry, he surely wilHiot. If she confesses her wrong, and promises obedi- ence, he must at once divorce her, or take her home. If a wife does not wish to live with her husband, she enters a complaint against him at the court; stating that her family will support T 1 1 .. y her son, he has maimed himseif. It is useless to appeal to a man's patriotism, when he must ft nr li f i'r i nf J mum - vuv J vi bUl v UUV'ivl iLXJ rtrnr-ilspoilation of his people; no. wonder that when the conscripting officers enter a village, the men flee to. the tombs and holes in the rocks, to escape their; fate, starvation drives them oacK again; tney are seizea, cnamea necK xo neck, and packed upon the transports." . And it has not vet occurred to the most Christian. nation which inaugurated the last philanthropic war, to change the conditions of military servitude, so as to give theEgyptian women protection against desertion, when it has haled the husband and father from home and family. The" wife is left to struersrle with increased taxa- tion, fines, mortcraores and icrnorance. Durinir the years of this aflilctive visitation, sickening scenes are nernetnal on the banks of the Nile: " men forced away, women, with smeared faces, following in crowds, wailing and crying as for the dead, and dancing the funeral dance. And as each conscript "walks the long plank from. the shore, the women send forth curses on the despoiler, and stretch out their arms in hope- , h - at the present. Exhorted alLto cultivate the spirit of kindness and love; never speak evil of each other; knew this was the kingdom of God , and thought we should all be interested in building it up. Mrs. Mary S.Clark made the closirig remarks; said the time seemed too short whenever we met together; would like to have heard from the J brethren ; spoke, of the work for the dead, that we should all be interested m this great work; let us all remember our prayers, seek tor the sweet influence" of the Spirit of the Lord. watch ourselves, and try and prepare ourselves to meet our friends who have gone behind the veih - $Iay the, blessings of the Lord be with 16 v- - V - - x . ipps acrrinv in t.hfl. nnnr victim who 'is tn rp.ndfir unwilling service to the captors of his country, the foes, of his faith. These sad siffhts the constant passing of transports with sick soldiefsx downlhe river, and the ereneral 'unrest of in vasion, tiAve for five years prevented intelligent travellers nd invalids from visiting Upper Egypt, and destroyed the long known luxurious peace and healthful repose of.the Nile her, and makes separation If the women otthe same harem, or of different ones, quarrel and are complained of to the court,' their husbands , are punished by the court; but we may be sure that their vicarious correction does not save the poor victim from voyage. chastisement. The husband divorces the wife, THEIR FUTURE. but the wife- - canaot divorce the husband. If '' the Muslim cannot marry a wife of his own the rejected Gospels of thd New Among faith, or is deeply irT love, he may marry a Testament is the Gospel to the Egyptians, in Jewess or a Christian, but the children must wli?rV if ig rolnforl tKaf 9!nlnVnA nslrprl mir T,Ard follow the faith of the father. A Muslim woman may not marry a man out of the faith, unless answered: "As long as ye women are mothers." compelled by force, and a man may not live These words have been quoted to support celiwith either Jewess or Christian to whom he is bacy; but it is. through this strongest element not married. A master or mistress cannot in the Egyptian that Egypt's deliverance-mus- t do not divorce a slave. Copts except come. The mother loves her child and her marry for unfaithfulness on the part of the wife; the InTTO io nornofnal onH if liaa onahlon i or tin nor woman cannot a divorce the husbands -- tjtf a the oppression, of these last years, to overcome Coptic wife commits a great crime, her husband her indolence and sustain herself and her child- t It t .t may separate himself 'froraher; neither can ren, andI noid ner possessions., unat other hut after another, they, ' may remarry marry women, without possessions have sold in the ... the law has been satisfied. .. arkettilledihe4ields7adei;rinltB7i3aT Slavery and the bastinado yet exist in water and driven donkeys for the stranger, Europe. The existing law does not recognize that they and their children and the woman of generally gives live. primogeniture, "class known women The as might heir half what .it gives the male heir of the dancing girls are the pest of the villages, and same relationship. After debts and legacies the beauty we have read of does not appear;, to are paid, the wife, if they have not even that excuse for being." 'belongs There be children; one fourth if there be none. But the slave woraeu fro;n the Soudan and A husband, iuherits half of his wife's property Abyssinia are the live industrial female power if she have no children; if she has children he of Upper Egypt. Their strong, inherits If a man has only; a sister by the same father and mother, she inherits coming race that may equal the Memlooks in half his property, while the only brother daring. inherits the whole of a sisters. The But to what source can we look for any mother in certain cases; inherits equally speedy elevation of Egyptian women, with a vvilu Luc jaiuer. iu me uivisiuu ui a uiitus religion which teaches tEem they depend on is difference made between the wish of man .for there no property immortality, that the the children of the legal wives and the slaves a" neighbor may destroy their envious eye-oand the adopted children. The illegitimate children, that their guardian-ange- l may play child inherits only from the mother. them ridiculous tricks, cause them illness and For the murder of a man under palliating even death, that to be the mother of many circumstances, twice as .much blood money is children is their justification for existing, that demanded as for the murder of a woman. The the marital chastisement, authorized by the robber has a no of penalty. A woman killing Prophet, is the best proof of the husband's convicted of murder should be drowned in the love; that the daughter 13 purer and more to Nile; the fine for wounding a woman is half be desired in marriageT Jf she cannot read or that for wounding a man. The Koran com write, that if she must go to school, she may mands that the unfaithful wife be put to death. not remain after she is ten or twelve years old; and this is,done secretly, in spite of the efforts Jh&t she who has never been seen by her hustonrevent the irresponsible from usurping the band is the truly virtuous girl; and that it is prerogative of the la v., A man taken for the the mother's duty to marry her daughter, even v army is deemed dead to his family, For many if she does not desire to be a wife? lies between maimed wide their the sons sea a have beautithat mothers old, Verily, years ful Land of the Sunrise, and the new, fresh they might be exempt from military service, Land of the Sunset and often when the mother failed to do this for -- - EGYPTIAN WOMEN. ; BY CHARLOTTE B. WILBOUR." No 8. .. WOMAN UNDER THE LAW. 1 This division will include that, which custom has legalized without enactments , as well as that found in the written code. The four, sects of Mohammedans receive their code of Jaw as well as of morals from the Koran.' k strongly rooted is this faith, that even as the English have found it unwise to change from the Mohammedan law in India, the rramer3 of the code adopted for the native courts ...... just '.'- in have but copied the rvoran established in all that relates to marriage, polygamy, di vorce and concubinage. A Muslim may have "If at one time four wives, and the Book you cannot act equitably by- - them, take from . rr Vi rYY . irhn r ri rrK T Via iYTTlS a I ai nn L i1 wdman is created for man's pleasure and .com-for- t, and ihatihough she is crafty and dangerousshe mustbe made to serve him with as little hnthp.r as tinssible. dnrins? the time he de sires her. She wi liimt follow him to Paradise unless he wishes her presence, and he religiously expects to have better societySThe Koran has a full recognition of slavery and supposes it to be a perpetual institution or the country. A slave may hot marry her master, while a slave, but the mother of her master's child is usually- child. A wife may be divorced twice and return to her husband, but if he,' divorces her a third time, and, with a triple divorce declared, send her away, he cannot live with her again until '. . -- army-orphaned- one-eigh- th well-shape- n. one-fourt- f . emancipated, and the child is a legitimate heir.' When a girl is old enough to marry, she can of her own tree will marry any man by consenting and receiving a" part of her dower; but the consent of the girl who is not old enough to marry, is not required, her nearest male relative can dispose.of her by' receiving her dower. ' noor is The doweramnnothG small,, but there l 0 .must be something paid by the husband or his father to the nearest male relative of the A - . -- - : . 