37 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. lifted up on the. mountains- (Ensign Peak), as the - the " pioneers. ensign of American.rriberty,-- by- Roundsof applause from the vast-audien- ce; fol- - Bishop Milleri Atwood, Bishop Jacob D. Young, of the jyVeiler, Patriarch Lorenzo madelippropriate remarks. pioneers, each : "I want to reri rr1 Bro. You gi n his address-saihearse to you a s e ntim en t t h at was ex pressed to lo me by my wife, Harriet, who was with me, and was 0ne of three pioneer women, the other two belni Ellen Sanders Kimball and Clara Decker whom occupies a seat on this Young, the latter of My wifej looking over the valley stand there was no green thing for the eye to feed upon, old cottonwood trees,. 'except about, a i which grew hear where the Methodist Church now stands turning to me she Said: 'Well, father, thus addressing me) we1 (she was in, the habit' of havg traveled more than .twelve hundredrmiles to find a resting place, and as feeble as I am, I'm willing to travel a thousand miles further, if we 7 could" only find a place worth looting, at, for it "seems to. me no white people, can live here."" B ro. Young had been telling the people how desolate this valley appeared when the pioneers came in; "a valley of dry sunflowers, well stocked with Hark rrickets." Sister Julia A. Silverwood sang: 'lowed.--- -- to-da- y: half-doze- n ; - - Saints, have yoii seen, o'er yon mountain's proud ' ; height." s ;" Chorus by the Tabernacle Choir. The Sunday School children sang: "" " ."r" " Beautiful Ziori, built above.!' t ndanyOuilh5jjeaulifuilyJ;jold. Mclntyre's Glee Club then sang, "The Soldier's Chorus. ' Stake and one respondence, . from shall havea good time,arid the.Spirit: These we Expect to use, though meeting,-w- e of the Lord will be yvith us. This is 'my greatest they may be somewhat condensed.We acknowledge the courtesy of a Circularof ..desire: We have been honored with a number of our the Salt Lake-Stak- e Academy, for the third. who have come up, even were very pleased- - friends from the city) Tbat shbws'thatrthey to notice in the lisf of "The Fac ul ty" he na think something of us. ..It seems something like a lady teacher Dr. Mattie P. Hughes, Lady uniting Salt Lake and Weber County together, Superintendentr- We intend making a lengthy and that is just what we want , to do-- to increase notice of this home educational academy:,. . ' our union. I feel very grateful to all the brethren" We have received, by courtesy of thePrincipal, and sisters who have come up- hither. They are University-of-Deseret,the "Annual of the ,Dr. J. R. Park, nearly, all our friends and intimate acquaintances, 18 88S9. It contains an excellent en-- and I trust we shall have a good time. and new oClhe is plain and simOf. course, everything graving gives, University Building, one a goojd ideaof "the grounds and surroundings. ple wjth us here. Out talk" is simple and small, We shall.be pleased to make a more extended and sometimes weliave a very good time in talknotice of the Annual in our next issue, Aug. 15th. ing these sinlple things that we: have to live We hope, also, to make a suitable note of the through in life, day by day. Our ,work is made Deaf and Dumb Department of this valuable instiup of, almost everything small. We are here to", tution of learning w commemorate' the day when President Brigham , Voung preached his last sermon in Weber County ; . and when I think. of the good instructions he then MEMORIAL ANNIVERSARY. gave, I wonder how much ofxthem we have carried out in our lives? I ask myself4hJsuestion very R EP.OELHjDF.TH E. Relief Soicety Meeting. frequently, and find ; that". I do not carry out as rjTE7J u do better than I, did yesterday, and my 19TH, iocs, in Commemoration of the Last Public Visit and Instructions of sires are good. Indeed, I know, my Counselors sisters of this Stake, endeavor the presiderils jHESIDENT BrIGHAM YOUNG, ON INVITATION Jane S. Richards, to to carry out all thV instructions the Priesthood the Relief Society and Young Ladies' gives us at all times. I am pleased we have two of the Apostles and Improvement Associations of the Weber Stake of Zion, just Eleven President A. M. Cannon from Salt Eeke,and Years ago the 19TH inst. other of the brethren and sistes who have had a great ex pe rience in this Church, and who under- stand what they have to go through with. And we (REPORTED BY JOHN M WHITTAKER.) to make them wejcome here feel pleased y d Of .ihose present were' President Jane S. in our midst, andwill listen to their instructions 1 C. Mrs. Brown Hattie her Counselors, musUsay that from the day that our beloved and Emily Shutflifi, of the Weber Stake Relief President Young gave the instructions here from Y. L. M. this stand aboiitour holding meetings quarterly Society, and. President Sarah Herrickof ' 'r 7 I. A. of Weber Stake. they have ineasedand done a great deal of good. Still there are some who Will say, "I do not know VISITING PRESIDENTS OF RELIEF SOCIETY, how to get to meeting to day. I can't leave the Mary A. Hyde, Prest. of Sanpefe Stake; Har family very Veil. I don't know how I can leave." riet Snow, Prest, of Box Elder Stake; Olivia But those who have made the effort and have gone Gen .JtoJliQs.ee Wmerborgt Counselor; Sarah B&thsheba Mrs. W. Smith. miirh better. It encouraged them,-Aafter I Valley TrlaKn; f 131!! Rachel L. Ward, Grant, 17th Ward, S. have spoken they have said, You; have spoken City; S. L. City. my mind exactly, better than I could have done it Y. .L. M. I. A. myself." It was a difficult thing to get the. sisters ; started. We now enjoy our meetings together Mrs. Elmina S. Taylor, Prest. Central Board; much better. Mattie H. Tingey, Counselor ; Minnie Snow, We are going to have a. portion of President Prest. Box Elder Stake; Mary A. Freeze,of Salt Young's sermon, which he d elive re d eleven years Lake Stake. y ; the counsel therein contained ago, read Other Officers, R. S. and Y. L.: Presendia L. Kimis wise and fatherly. 7 1 know it is almost impossiW. M. Whitney.Sarah J.Cannon,Maria ball, Helen ble to do exactly right; but we are trying to" do it Wilcox, Mary A. .Richards, Lr E. S. Barney, from time to time. We are trying to do what we Lydia Ann Wells, Sarah Dunford, Phebe Y. are tokf by the President and authorities. In the Beattie, Emily S. Richards, Lydia Alder, Adella past we had Sister Eliza, who was kind enough to W. Eardley, Dr. Romania B. Pratt,and Emmeline come often and counsel us and direct our laborsWe B. Wells, Editor Woman's Exponent. have listened to her instructions from time to time : ' VISITING BRETHREN. and have taken pleasure in following her advice. We have thought when Sister' Eliza was here Apostles Franklin D. Richards and Heber J everything would go right. She has visited with Grant, Lewis W. Shurtliff, Prest. Weber Stake, me throughout this County since these quarterly President Angus M. Cannon,' of Salt Lake Stake, meetings have beeninaugarated. President TaySamuel W. Richards, Dr. Edward Isaacson, and and we havebeen blessed,-Presid-ent lor several other Presidents and Bishopsand a numWoodruff, and Brothers Cannon and ber of visitors from Salt Lake and other"arts. Smith would be here to day if they could. Their the meeting to Prest. Jane S. Richards-calle- d hearts are here with us, and their sympathies are in singing,-lHoorder, and the congregation joined with us, and we would be glad to have them here firm a foundation." Prayer was offered by if circumstances were favorable, buf they are preContinued by singing, Bishop Robert McQuarrie. vented from mingling in our society "Come all ye sons of Zion.'' Now, for a long time we have missed Sister Sister Jane S. Richards, Prest. of the Relief So. Eli za. and she is gone beyond this life. But we : cletyr6rWebertake,-thenaiohave another President to take her place, one who Mv beloved sisters, ! feel as though I could has traveled shoulder to shoulder throughout this when I say that we ha.ve speak for you all with Sister Elizajand it would have been come here with the full intention of having a good territory a great pleasure to khave had her here with us on time7 I hope so, I trust we have; and I think one-from-Milt- ard Snow-flake- 1 cademic-Yearri888-89.---V- Ve aier - ore-thanIexpeeted. . - " " ltc1 a5 eit-Ttitjeri- to-da- y al nt Elder. Geo. Goddard then read a letter from Elder RichardBalkntyneyMsJartedJLhejSj-sSunday School in Utah, "in 1849. "Hail Columbia," by the Silver Band. A. VV. eath was called, and stood before the audience while itwas explained thathe vvas the first child born in Utah, in the Old Fort, Salt Lake City, 27th of October; 187. He resides now at Ameri can Falls, Idaho. Elder B. F. Cummings, jr., then read a letter from the General Supt. of Deseret S. S. Union, Prest. Geo. Q Cannon! It was addressed to the SuDerintendents, Teachers and Children of the and contained much instruction Sunday-choQls- , ' that if we have brought that desire with us strong enough, the same inspiration that appointed this Millville and Richmond, and two letters of Cor- - . :- - , to-da- Rich-ardsn- nd . Then there was a stirring speech by Apostle after which Sister Agnes John Henry-Smith- , Olsen Thomas ; sang, in her own "sweet style, "The Return."". Thnmns rendered in an excellent voice, the anthem, 'eshairdweil nrthe-Lan- d. An interesting speech' from Apostle HeberJ. Grant. Bro. Goddard paid an appropriate Bro. Joseph H. Ridges, who built the Tabernacle Organ, and the S. S. children sang: -- Bfo-Moroni com-pliment- 'to stand.'' "The youth of each land for their father-lanPrest. Angus M. Cannon paid a beauliful tribute to the labors of the pioneers, and blest the the pure in this and all .pioneers, the Saints and other lands. The immense audience- rose, and the benediction was pronounced by President A. ' ; M. Cannon. d v -- ' - . to-da- has-been-h- EDITORIAL NOTES. ere, - - We are very grateful to Mrs. Betsy C. Glover, Mrs. Mary Gunderson and Miss. Jennie Cowan for handsome bouquets, fragrant with sweetness, to beautify the editorial rootrcf of the Exponent; for a basket of delicious also to Mrs. Mary-Greripe, red cherries. We have on hand for publication reports of sisters' conferences of Davis and Tooele Stakes; also minutes of P. A. Conference S. L, Stake, and of annual meetings of P. A. Providence, to-da- y. to-da- y, y 