WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 168 trUh thii nnw taken bv Mr. Howells. It is deride that hallowed alcove where the lupreme art of the world reflect itself in the quiet faces ;,iqf nnw the fashion to claim a3 is recently sit gazing on theSistine madonna? dune by an able writer, Mr. George Pellew, for of those who be bound in all consistency ta n.fanro that rea ism 1Q me curreui eeuae is Howells would J say, "Turn it out! that bit; of tiresome romanorigin: but the acuter French nf rprv in its place yonder Dutch vilcritics have Ion since pointed out that it real- - ticism, and put lage festival, which alone is real." Not bo J began with Jane Austen, wuo mea in lou, George Eliot. Here she diverge from her after bringing it to a point of perfection withlater followers, and surpasses them as much,' in her sphere such as has sinca been attained "fir nn writnr of the English to'nzue. unless I. think, in breadth of sympathy asintheie-- , from banishing the What was tails of execution. George Eliot ba tbe exceptiod. she expressly recognizes it on Mim 'Austen theory of fiction we hardly ideal aide of life, the very next page to that already quoted. know: it h in fact doubtful- whether fihe could "Faint us an angel, if ou 'can, with a floating be eaid to write upon a theory; 'she limply violet rube and a face paled by the celestial iiipiMui ,painiea pictures as she eaid, a little piece of Iizht: paint us yet bftener a Madonna, turnbit of canvas or. mild face upward, and openin her Ivory no. larger than his, ana ehe .aia ner Ann ner work with a modesty which eohanced her fame. arms to welcome the divine glofyrbut do.not But in case of George Elliot, we know by her impose on us any aesthetic rules ?whictr shall own statements; especially in" her earliest ex- - banish from the region of art those old women Work-worbands, tended VQTK.Adam ISeae, just wnat ner tnones scraping carrots with their in a cJown3 all that those' heavy dingy taking holiday were. Her statements of them cover She demand. is her all This m and Mr. Howells, ia best in the claims of inclutwo ways they greatly surpass his in merit asks that the philosophy of art shall be Howells- asks that -little things sive, as it should be. the First, she only ce to-tgreat, it - shal- l- be exclusive as JjT should not onifelcf be eqaariir-imnortanShe asks & place for the" clowns" and does not claim tor ttlem a superior, mucn be. well as for the old women-a- s less an exclusive lmportanof ; and, econdly7 and-t- he Madonna and the angel; the recent American she is content with poiuting out tne great digrealism thrusts out these heavenly visitants, nity and value of realistic! Lrork thus interpreted, and does not deride 1 the other half of and ridicules them after they are gone. Which - an -- Bh akes pear etdl is the broader view of art? artand b anisb-- R phael-Giant-killeHere it And note now the difference in result that the doraain.of Jack the is, I think, that the woman, surpasses the manJ comes from this greater range of vision. George as much in the fcr"dth of her theories as in Eliot is never, indeed, tempted into the purely ideal region which she nevertheless recognizes; the strength and delicacy of her touch. " It is in the seventeenth chapter of -- lriani sheheyrtpuches the deeper mysteries of life in a symbolic way, IikdHawthorner like Poe; Uede, that "in which the story pauses a little," that she defines her position, in terms which it is no matter if she does not, eo long as she with those does not spurn those whose impulse leads seem at the outset" almost them into that path. But she takes all that which we now Jiear all around us. She admits that she could have made, the rector of comes within the range of actual life; and in Broxton say far more beautiful things if she this very book paints in Dinah and in the Bede brothers such pictures of exalted unselfishness were only "a clever covdi-t- , riot' obliged to would be introduced only as fantastic moncreep servilely after nature an,fact, but able a3 to represent things as, they never were and strosities in the novels of what Mr, Stedman never will be." 'But," she gocs.on, you must has called the Bar Harbor School. Nay, she hare perceived long ago that I have no such, is able in this very book to draw such charac- Mr. Irwine, the rector, and his mother-sim- ple, lofty vocation, and that .1 aspire to give no ters as commonplace, thoroughly well-bremore than a taithful account "of men and things as they have mirrorql themselves in my people,such as are common enough in England, mind. The mirror is doubtless defective; "the and surely not so very uncommon in America. Why should not some of our Bar Harbor , outlines will sometines be disturbed; the reflection faint or confused; but 'I feel as much novelists, who find nothing too commonplace g bound to tell you, as precisely as I can, what, for sketching, try their hands at last a gentleman or a lady? : Grant these the reflection is, as if I were in the witness be of very subordinate interest, U it "themes to box, narrating mv experience On oath" And I arn conlenrtoteilrinjr" soon after she says-"SHarper s Bazar. simple story, without trying to make things T. W. II. seem better than they were; dreading nothing, indeed, but falsity, which in fpite of one's best effort there is reason to dread. Falsehood is Ingratitude is, of ail crimes, what in ourThe pencil iau confca easy; truth so difficult. selves we count the most venial in others the scious of a delightful facility in drawing a most unpardonable. griffin the longer the claws and the larger the wings the better; but that marvelous facility That which moveth the heart most is the which we mistook forgiiiiu3 i3 apt to iorsake best poetry; it comes nearest unto God the a real unexaggerated us when we waut to dr-tsource oPall power. JF. S. Landdr. lion." In" what does this statement differ, thus far, from the latest gospel of realism? ODITUAKY. .When George Eliot. wrote thUshc was living in Dresden, aud in constant study, as her Dito, at Goshen, Utah Coupty, Dec. 1887, Inga biography shows, of its treasures of art. See; of wife She was Hansen. Hansen, born April 14 . James now how naturally she draws her illustrations in Denmark; was baptised August 37, 1846; emi1809. from the world of art around her. "1 turn to Utah in 862. ' In the Spring of J 885 she went without shrinking from cloud-bornangels, grated from prophets, sibyls, and heroic warriors, jto to the Logan Te mpk and began her work for her dead 'She performed part and intended to go again to finish her an old Woman beuding over her flower-por work, butcher failing health and other unavoidable rating her solitary dinner, while the noonday-lightprevented iv She left means and names to softened "perhaps by az screen of leaves, her work finished.; her ttnffiochinjfreal'was'forallTo"' falls on her mob cap,- - and just touches the rim hae : th'coasmaa-Jnserto- ;Wh2rcas, VV'c are called to part with afriead tnd co laborer who has beea alvrays a liithfutwmbei aoji teacher in our ReUef Society until her sickness gndldeith, Resoived, That we extend our sympathy to her hushand and friends " Resolved that we present them with a copy ofhese' resolution and aba copy be sent to to Woman's Exro-XENfor publication and one ,be pliced upoa the Record '' '' of our Relief Society. - rnfc' " ' 8-f- ar -'- T 'r ye cannot say we mourn for you, : Dear sister now .at rest, It was hard for you to suffer so, Ani we say the Ixrd knew best In taking you away from earth No more we cannot say, Then .we hope again to meet you At the resurrection day. - ; us-pent- , . l PlRENA. JAM3EK, Mary Dions, I Jenkins. Em m a n ' " Committee. " pot-house- .- -- - as-iert- - d a he r. OBSTETRIC CLASS. C. Shipp will commence their next Class in ObsUtrics on Drs. Ellis R. and Maggie Communicate personally, or by letter, for full particulars, to -- " . 59 S- - FIRST EAST STREET. . THO Ik PtI F EMPORIUM SALT LAKE CITY. d onxde-lineatin- .THOMAS . 1 e T Agent for RUMSEVS eelebrated LIFT and FOIV-PUMP.S. PumpRepalrd on sbbrt notice. Orderi frou K , " of her spinnhjg-whse- l and b stone jug, and jdHhese eheap common thiagi a?e iha "her-necessaries to of lite "So far we pecioas have reajhm again; but do? she for that rea-iotrriting in jDrfritUn, M it bv miiin fc :do right keep - " b, - .:" God:' f JIESOJ.DT JOS 07 JtESPCr. ' ' - '' the country promptly responded to. vritlim. UVZD JULZ2, lex 3M, ' ' 1 "f CiiT; UZX CITt, . Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S Will be found the Latest styles : ,- V-- -: . ot -- 3c COM TINNERS, GAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS n, " JAMES JDJTXJD - . - H ouse . Casla jothebjefBUoevaebn o Retail The Leading in. ftiiA - : piodnctlons '' i':' ' --;''- LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODEBIES FANS, GLOVES, PARABQI6, RIBBOKS, COLLARS, TIES, : ' '""And an elesaul ; 8tatmml ol.':"r- - ' :"--n''i',-r' Vlercas, Threujh tbc proridence ,0 God He has seen ft! to call from fhir who ha vsHr4 opr'mHst,4t!? fv&Mt , an4, fnsfy ' for,; Special department f ' lit, ladles' Hiss&t RD-t- l n -' n, m Ftr Tmft mr 