45 WOMAN'S EXPONENT, and keeping' the commandments of God, and preparing to stand as baviors upon Mount Zion? Mothers are the ones that train up thfe children. - Never let your tempers get. the And I have felt sometimes as though it would be a joy if I could go. But it was only in my weak, sick, and prpstrated moments. I feel now to live to take part in the winding up scenes. I-t.1 V H V W r ttlV rl t that glory that we desire, in the name of tin; Lord cry for bread, and that, too, before "many decades. These were strong impressions made upon his with .him constantly. He mind, and they-wereprayed for the. blessings of God upon the people nor hteousness of! the earth. 4 of Israel. can as their words teach i" as soon; ZZ Sist.eLHelenLMar W they saidl lisp pray I feel honored, niy bretliren and sisters, in them before they are loo old. Teach them while eus C h r i s t . A m e n . yet they are pure from their Father In heaven, beyouheretoidayaftd Jngljng with il " HTJ ."'GranTtheh-"saT; fore they are surrounded with the influences of some whom J have not met for many years. lL ZTjPQ to meet will am the have l then memand to make the world, they opportunity mighty pleased never before met with' the Society in Ogden, and on ana this with the sisters ot tor eventoccasion, and I have been I now feel it a' privilege' to be here on this bers oi the f ood; lungaom interested in what has been said here this morn The fathers and ful occasion. such will' soon - be needed I can say that I loved President Young. He mothers of this Chuich are getting old and are ing in the remarks that have been made,- and those portions of the- sermon of Prest. Young's passing away. They are going one by one, one by dandled me.upon his knees from my birth, and I " that have been read to us one. I have been in this Church fifty-twyears.; loved him next to my own father. He, Uucle "T rpalize that It !s the of small duties I have seen the riseand fall of a great many great Joseph Young and my father had equal place in Latter-day that devolve upon us as Saints, that and noble spirits in the kingdom of God.- - "Blessed my, heart. They used to ask me which of them I we feel us are makes that not. required to do those that die , in the Lord from henceforth," loved best, but I never knew any difference. I y ' ViplifVf t Jin M lifr arp thimrs tlit arp small. so says the'Lord, "for their works do follow, themJ' once said to an inquiry, "1 love, you all at once." Saints who think they can neglect T do not look upon death with the terror that some many Latter-da- y JLJncle Brigham used often to relate this. I feel that I can say amen to all that has been insignificant requirements and small duties, and jdoFthink it. will be pleasant to go behind the still press for ward i nk e epjng. thecomtnand veil and join with those who have been faithful, The instructions of President said here becausefThe testimonies that thfiyhave honored. God and.areJbright and shining lights in BrighamYungm '" " received of the truths of the Gospel. I do not His kingdom.. the noblest of men. believe-th- at it is possible for you or for me, or any VVeshould teach our .children to Jhonor them. I can realize the responsibilities arid the cares Not find fault,' but to, tenerTnoTing'priucipies that are ' placed upou the mothers; for I ama God and maintain the' fellowship of His Holy of the salvation of the: living and the redemption mother, and one that has reared a number "Spirit to, the full extent. The Lord certainly does of the dead. Of the work in the temples, I can sons and doughters; and I know the trifled with; and whim He gives say that it occupies a great deal of my time, and I . anxiety of a mother ; J have felt it for many years,; not intend to be commandments to us as His people to keep, if it feel thankful for such privileges and blessings.7 I an d have prayed that I might i ve ,to raise my is of sufficient importance to give commandments have the comfort to know that I have beenl'n family. My husband had another wife a goocU itis certainly right and proper that weshould keep every temple built in. thisgeneration. I ask God Woman, too, and a good mother but I thought ! them. I believe vin the influence and the power to bless the fathers and mothers in Israel, that would Tajireri raise my children myself,- because mothers of Israel have over their child-rerthey may bring up their children jnAhe- - w'ays of she might indulge them too much; and there is 'that the i believe that the remarks that President God, to be pure and holy. . Teach them the princi danger in that, just as much as in its opposite. Young made here are true, and thaHt is possible But the Lord has spared me to raise my children pies President Brigham Young taught, that they for the mothers to make their children about wha may grow up to be useful in this world ard gainar to become men and women, excepting those He they may desire. They are capable of moulding " crown of glory lrrthe world to come. has taken. I feel thaTjt is the greatest comfort ,. f their characters for good or for evil; and through 1 pray that you will rememDer bister z,ina in that could be placed upon me, and it is the hight of my ambition and my desire to see my children your prayers; for she needs your aid and support you will find you Can trace the failure of the child- in her declining years. I pray God that He will walking in that path which leads Jo eternal life. '' ",; .r ." ; .. ren. And as far. as the things of the world is con bless the authorities, and also the mothers .: . : ,i I think the Re tit.i uic uieacuii M"'c, a. tcr 10 my uiuiu, it reciiiiit i. cerned, there are many good things that the Lord especially the risinggeneration. tain individual that was "very careless in hjvyojJth blesses us with, and which make us happy, but it lief Society is one of the greatest blessings, ex world the in keeping the commahdments of the LordrTne is better to keep the richesjof away cept the Primaries, that God has ever given father of this boy was an Apostle, and whenever from us, until we k'Wow how to use them. through :His prophets for the benefit of this he would do wrong, his mother would shield him Mothers should train up their children in the people. ' It is something that will enable'the child- ren to bear' tjhisJcmgdom off when the aged are lear orTheXofd7T'heTe are normtssionanes that Tin his wrong, and fiideitifrom nisJ"atheidHe went. can do the good to children that mothers cau, be- "froTnbaxftoorsend-met-aiolen-death- passed away. 1 cause she knows the child's disposition audits Now, I do not believe that it is possible for any pray that his" choice blessings may rest upon ho mother to cover up the misdeeds of her children aright; thesef pnizaironsTrtnosewno- - are- - laboring- - in weaknesses;-she-knows and have.them grow honest. I realize that weras their interestand all who desire to do right, and and it is an important Jhing. Mothers should Latter-daare honorable among the nations of the all Saints, if we but keep the commandstudy how to manage their children, to know what and to show no is best for this child and fdrjhat, ments of God and do His will and perform the earth who desire to do good. If I had power I imis a children most of duties devolving upon us, thatj we will receive would be pleased to live to be sanctified for the partiality. The rearing blessings from our Heavenly Father. He makes changes before us. These" are the 'greatest bless- - portant mission. When once a child becomes esr thfaith-iilis-A5Qitabfelved-i- nno promises to us that He is not willing to fulfill. at ings that we can ive foror thai cuuldrbe-gtverhim,or her walking along in the paths of virtue The great difficulty is, we neglect fd keep His us, and I ask for thern to rest upon us in the in the footsteps of their and honor, treading commandments through which. We are entitled to name of Jesus Christ., Amenv I in feel His blessings, and then ask for the reward without my daily prayers President D. H. Peery then said he deemed it a" blaster and Redeemer.; being entitled to it. fitting place to talk over the events that have to pray for the" mothers in Israel, and for the Now, we have heard, with reference to the comyouth of Zion, that they may come to an undertranspired since the instructions of President mandments which come to us by President Young, Youngwhich were given to us eleven years ago standing of the Gospel. ,, How 'many of that we should be In looking back over the past, I can see where He had known President Young before ? Latter-daI y Saints are understood that the the we might have improved. he saw him. He loved him for the relationship How many of the Latter-daearth was to rest every seven years; but I have Saints, from the he sustained with the heavens,7and. for the great home-madTwelve Apostles down, wear never seen the time when we wanted anything or clothing? principles of the Gospel and other things he advoLatter-d- ay few indeed. Howmany-oLthneeded anything, but what the Lord has blest us cated! The speaker had the good fortune to know Very, very Sabtsrthfoughout the whole Territory pay .most of.the presidents .jof.ib'cjjmted.5tatSjJifi with the same, if it was for our good.. . , ,c their tithing. This is a commandment of the It is a day , It is a day for us to j)e ptayerful. had, in his youth, learned to call Benjamin FrankLord. He said we were to pay our tithingand lin "lheS olomon of America," yet, when he saw when we should be humble even humble ourHehas given it as ;a -- law to the people, that they -es. And I feel that and knew Brigham, Brigham Young was, in his selves in should pay one tenth of all their increase. There the present persecution is a chastisement and mind, jhe Solomon of America. He was great, ' and his name .will be handed downjrpm genera- - that it will bp for our good. It will clear us of are'many who, when they make a little, will pay their tithing; but when, they make considerable, it Jion to generation, as one beloved of his people those who are among us, who hinder our progress, breaks their hearts, they feel that they cannot do for they prevent us frorn enjoy ing the blessings of and of his God. . '.. He weir remembered the instructions of Presi-- . the Lord, which we would otherwise have. It is it. t Now, it may seem an extravagant statement, but' dent Younz in relation to. Home Industries, and perfectly right, and I feel to pray that the chasten-in- g Saints do believe one fourth of the Latter-da- y band of the Almighty may be sanctified to-t-he thought it trie people had taken ms aa vice, tney o nas not pay their tithing, ine Lord to day. He afso bewould be good of this people. not pay our tithes and our offerings, it shall not be lieved the time would come when, if this people I, for one, feel to be up and doing. The adverdid not turn round and repent, that they would be sary stands ever ready to destroy our usefulness;' a land of Zion to "us. I can say truthfully, I spent several days ,in looking over the records in Salt he has done much to discourage me and take me in a condition of hunger when the children would .X . . hey I 1 I T T 1 .S 1 V 1 1 1 1 1.1 ! T 1 LJ 11 LA T 1 V 11 : ; ; -- - ; o nep-led- t - are-the- T : to-da- y. . , ' . n -- ' 1 ir " '" ' i -- w-h- . o y ; . r to-da- self-sustainin- y. g. self-sustaini- to-d- ng y . e e saclc-clotHand7a- sh "'- - - .' ' said-lt.wed- self-sustaini- ng ay 