it , 7 WOMAN'S ' EXPONENT.' 93 to show us clerk sent a hall-bo- y On the same floor with the j the entire building. entrance, nan on.Mic suuui, icauujg aiong a wiae hall that openstb another entrance is the ladies' billiard room (now being nicely frescoed) and the Meslparlor; thejpjtrlor is very elaborately fitted the ,0use, and sorbed our entire attention after" reaching that found us again on our way back to Price, over the. dreadful roads, but our great consolation was we parbof the journey; it was a time of the day that hlgblened the beauty of the "everlasting hills," hachsucii";a'. careful charioteer. We arrived in ' and the glory of the setting sun reflected upon Price in time to take dinner and Jceep our appointthe peaks and craggs was something ever to be ment, made for-- meeting there in the evening on remembered. One who has not 'seen the natural Jour return HeresriiujitjngtQrj and Castle Dale there were a large propdrtionof young men cenery upon this onderful . road has mi$sed;an: On the oppo- entertainment interesting and effective. The men in the audience. The following morning we bade and brass furnishings handsomely. wide-halopeningto a portico on the who built this railroad deserve great.credit for the our host and hostess, the Bishop'and others goodsite side of the bye, and took the train for Salt Lake. Passing south is the nev annex, which containuitsof enterprise they .have shown in doing sucrl a won" on the second 'derful work, in the midst of a de.sertJarid sandy "rooms on the first floor and-alsthrough Castle Gate Ave had another opportunity and barren, and for the pleasure to the many of admiring the magnificent grandeur of the rocky aod abovVfiingle' rooms in the third storj the house in its and has more the travelers in natural beauty and grandeur, they shape, itself is peculiar cliffs, and contemplating again the wondrous works deserve unbounded praise. It is too grand' for "of the Creator of the Universe. TJiis was the, appearance of a large "pavilion than a hotel. It is 1 said to "accommodate about 7 56 of $60 guests." At words, and" there Is rib language adequate to its "first visit either'Sister Richards of the writer had: '' , paid to Emery (bounty, but it was a very pleasant expression. " present there are very few in the building, .and we -one pwe-were- -c were told that on the previous Sunday there were" Arriving at Price, we went direct to the Bishop's -wein housepind spared tOTriakeroiirTisit satisfactory only five persons, that it was not theseasorr-yeto all.- - The sisters so far removed from the centre '''4. but that the horise would be filled before Christmas. quired for the President of the Relief Society. $ister Richards was much gratified to find in her Stake of Zion feel that they need. encouragement " Everything inside was in good taste and in keepin-witone of her old time Qgden acquaintances, and it ' and instruction,; and they really appreciate the the outward appea'rance asjiearly as. possible, was quite opportune for we needed rest and contfsel and teaching of" those who go as home but we cannot help, expressing more admiration refreshment, and some oneo conduct"rrs furthen 'missionaries among them Theirrlabors theTerto for the " beauty of-tgrounds around ...the subdue the desert and) make the waste places " than for all the elegance, luxury, glitter and upon our way. We were shown every attention J display within. It must - be a charming place to possible by Brother&nd Sister Cox and their " habitable, that the Saints may dwell therein, are commendable indeed." The country looks barren, resort to in summer time for restfulness, where in daughter Sarah; their hospitality can never be unfruitful and forbidden, and only people of enter- forgotten. Se veral friends and neighbors came in a few moments walk from the hotel one may find the cooling and grateful sha9e of those magnificent ..through the course of the evening, and the time, prise with undaunted courage, would ever think v they could endure the hardships incident to such passed quickly and agreeably. : trees. , an undertaking. Success to their efforts in making The following morfiing we took leave of Sister Early he following morning we were awakened the desolate places desirable .homes for the people Cox, whose duties would not permit her to attend by the electric bell; and soon after we drove to the the Sisters' Conference, and in cpmpa'ay with station, only. a few rods off, and with other travel.1 r Brother .Cox and daughter and Sister Pace, we ers awauea1.1" me coming or- tne strain, it. was OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT. - barely light, a solitary bird or two were flying on drove away towards Huntington, the next settlement. The ride was a very tedious onej over ihfuiipposite side where the shrubbery was heavy OF THE ORGANIZATION OF THE PRESIDENCY" OF such dreadful roads, and a perfectly barren tract on a hillside,and the passengers walked impatiently of country. One traveling there would wonder SOCIETY. . V THE up and down the paths around, or sat cm the e little seemed bow the subsisted, benches outside, as there was only a sort of min people no or vegetation. We reached Huntington about iature depot, just, large enough for the clerks to uTo Officers and Members of the various branches more a is rather noon. This, prosperous looking stand and attend to the necessary business. Jesus ChristJ Relief 'Society The ride was dull for the sun shone not; The placl 'Saintsr ZZZ.:Z of Latter-da- y iTZ first station out was -- Cas torovi3, a little village 1 ,110 conference being held there, as we had exIn the dispensation of the providenca of God, where those around the depot seemed to have a pected. However at the house of a frienvic an& team and our welcomed," most were our honored and revered president, Eliza R. warmly sort of Spanish look, only a few minutes waiting We the for for. sent cared our Snow Smith, after a long life of remarkable activity and a few miles farther on, we reach Pajasb then party carefully ' afterwhom we Relief the of President Society, and usefulness, has been taken to another sphere. we must change cars , for Santa Cruz, In this buf"weT from was learned wards home, away She died in the Lord, (in the faith of the Gospel) part of the country the people cultivate' straw An counselors.? her one of . .... in succeeded seeing and her works follow her. berries for the markets ; we also saw miles, it seemed to us, of rasbe'rry bushes The land is appointment wasTgiven out for a meeting in the Last April, Counselor Zina D. Young was worth from- - $500 to 6oo an acre; the Reason for evening, at which time the meeting house was called and sustained by the general; conference as well filled; there were many brethren as well as these small fruits is nearly over, as the rainy Sea President of the Relief; Society.UnaVoidable sisters in the audience, and the larger number son is daily expected to set in. circumstances called her to Canada; which pre' Our next article will be the trip to Santa Cruz were young men. We slept at the house of Sister vented the completion of the:trganization until : and the big trees. Sophia Pulsipher Burgess, and early in the morn- Oct. 14th, when, with the approval of the presidrange vi lie, where we irrg pursued our way to ing council of the Church, Sister Jane S. Richards arrived in time for the Conference of the Primary was chosen first counselor, and Sister Bathsheba ' VISIT TO EMERY STAKE. Association, the first one that had been held in . W. Smith, second counselor. Emerv Stake. Here we met with Sister Tosie E. our sisters and In company, with. Sister Jane S. Richards, we everywhere rhilrk First Counselor in the Relief Society of in We join thanks to for God the manimade a visit to Emery Stake, in October last from Almighty rendering mPrv Stake, and with whom we felt somewhat fold blessings that have attended Relief Society this city to Price on the D. & R. G. train. We had having khad some correspondence" acquainted, an interesting conversation on the way with the labors, and we unitedly implore His continued heretofore. We were greatly disappointed to Rev. Wm. Irvine and wife; the blessing and gu idance. gentleman is tPnrn that the Relief Society Conference was celebrated divine, of New Yorjc City, and had been , We have not cabled ourselves to positions of already over; however, the Primary Conference trust and west in the interest of the home mission work of responsibility.- But having been called oa lWv tmod one. and we felt a rood snirit the Presbyterian 'Church. His wife was a in the order of the Priesthood, we desire honor-- , very prevailing in the meeting. Miss Bessie Harvard refyifd and cultivated lady, who had seen much of ably to fill our positions, and to this end we jtski ruminated as Secretary of the Primary and could converse intelligently of Association of Emery "Stake and sustained by "the" blessing, confidence and- aid of the Apostle-shiforeign lands, works, of art abroad, and natural Presidents of Stakes and Bishops, whom we unanimous vote. We dined sumptuously at the. ever feel to sustain,and with whom we wish to har- scenery oi those older countries, a woman one-- rpTdence of Brother Reed, and started off directly would always recollect' as love and blessing. In having said something t0 attend the Conference of the Y. L. M. I. A. at monize our labors of worth remembering; she had called at the office of With the of J President .Woodruff ct n?lp drove straight to the meeting house. tne EXPONENT, when We talked fof a rmmle nf and council we anticipate holding a general conmxvAeA with nenn!?? manv vnnnv tnn .u:aU hou J3i most ofthe-time 4i Don Mormon ism She were present, and two of the leading brethren ference, when we hope to meet representative had heard alhthe dreadful all the Stakes women-frore tales that are told n- - from Salt Lake Cit) r The "meeting wasir vei ceive instructioas and discuss the best cerning oar people, and had evidently c'ome to Utah good one, the brethren occupying part of the filled with prejudiceI exDlained manvDrinciDles. time, and as soon as the Conference adjourned extending the benefits and blessings pertaining to and related our special departments of labor. experienced to illustrate the faith and vt frpre aain upon our way towards Huntington I S1ncerity of the Mormon women r , Ar.c.A it hp rpidpnrp nf P.ishnn -Zina D. H. Youxo, President., -, and esnpri.illv ; c r -Ptilcinhpr .W ""tit UDOn thA trAoHnm (hovNonmroH nH Ua whose wife is also counselor to the President in Jane S. Richards, First Counselor, 1 Counselor.... organization of the Relief Society, She jl enforcement nf th T.vir,iri'c w e friend of Sister Richards, Sarah M. Kimball, Secretary. ' UiiiUUU 3 Itt W. was also an The natural Salt Lake City, Nov. 13, 1888. scenery through Castle fcate ab which made it pleasant for us both. The morning V j ; -- a l -- o , -- V failmg-torfindra- one-at-hom-e,' njr -- nd-ncrpains h . Del-'Mon- he te " - - . " . - . for-ther- 1 ' j 4n4hi'-'CBurcRr-o- . ; -- - co-labor- ers zzttzz -- w-,- - c the-worl- - p, m me-thods- of . r., -- he-Stak- e old-tim- 