VOMAN'S; EXPONENT. of our talents. also for the' cultivation We should all seek for a testimony, for we nil havo an equal privilege. to know of the truth work." The Y. L. of Mt. Pleasant South Ward was of-thi- s represented ly the President, Ella Wheelock, who said they were doing ,very well; the meet- inVs were well- attended, and each one seemed willing to help the other along. Miss Low rev Was requested by Prest. Petersen to relate some or ner experience, wnrcn sue 1 was did, as follows: "During the past-yeavery ill, and beside being sick physically, I also as much depressed in spirits, ap- I was lying upon my bedi a beautiful light. rl i t T.I neared to me; i tnougm it mignt De a renection, but looking around the room I soon ascertained that it was not.' It was so clear and bright that it is beyond comparison to anything on it brought with it such a divine in earth,-anfluence and made me feel so happy, that I thought I could never morejeel sad; but after it left me the sad hours would come again. While I felt pretty well I did not have this visitation, but when I had another attack it would again return and cheer me. One ramotheryas sleeping with" me, and - that night the Jidders. had administered- to nie,- and - - r - -- ft-l-t - , ' - . One-nigh- I 1 , t 1 143 the Saints passed through during the persecutions and mobbing of other days.'"' ' Spoke of convicts at the penitentiary seeing some ' interest infacr jn"thf'ir"prTri7)ngi count of her travels in theEast, and her iuter-- . view with the Poet Whittier. "It takes a great deal of humility, to embrace the Gospel" Her la ted an incident to illustrate the same. Prest. Canute Petersen was Very thankful for the teetiuionit s bornp; hoped they would be to others and that all would be united and go on improving. " Conference was adjourned to meet at Spring City the second Saturday in March, 1888. Closed with singing the- Duxulogy, and a LINES. RESrECTKl'IXY INSCRIBED "10 91STKU ELLEN P. MATHF.RV "ON HER LEAVING THE ST. GEORGE TEMPLE, JULY 17, 1887. of-th- e A few short years have passed away Since first thou cam'st tp earth; - . Away down in the sunny south' . :" The land that, gave thee hi rth. Those golden streets, and mansions fair, Thou bad'st ttVm all farewell, To tabernacle in the fiesli, And with earth's mortals dwell. " 't bene-dictio- - A, Louise 'Thou didst forget those rapturous scenes, ." Scenes of Celestial love; Thy father and tfiy mother, too, In regal courts above, Transporting joys of heavenly bliss, Lit with eternal flame Yea, all of these thou didst forget, And e'en thy angel name. .' n. Haslek, Cor Sec. pro tcpi. PRIM AKY FAIR: Editor Exponent: ; ' The Primary Association of Spring City held-- a fair Jan. 31st, 1888, under the management of their most energetic President, Mrs. Emma Robinson. There was a fine display of fancy work, pastry and tools, such as plows, yokes, -- iiht . . --A d - God in His kindness gave to thee An angel pure and bright, To guide thy feet while here on earth J.tl paths of. truth and right. That thy young heart impressed might be With love of sacred truth, And yield obedience thereunto .While in the bloom of youth. '' -- general thing after their administration I both boys and girls. Among other things was could sleep, but not,.so on this particular.even a nice piece of carpet, made by the children,. to asked rae . lwhy. J. wa3..not be given to theManti lemple, ing My.jraother. tlfiil : hAffer the thtos-we- re told her could I I seCtharbeati sleeping? viewed by thencQiiiimnvT ner sne .see ana not asked it could to were called light again, order, and a programme of they she talksaid she while and were we it; could, songs, recitations, speeches and instrumeLtal -- i n no i th t i t, i of music was carri ed ou .'. the room. My father in, and he The singing of the children' under the trainalso saw the light. Christmas night my sister ing of Bro. John Schofield was excellent. The was m my room, and as she was going to bed day's entertainment concluded with dancing at about eleven o'ciock,' she exclaimed, "Oh, and picnic. what a beautiful light above 'you!" I looked M. A. White. resolved and I and ask saw to. it as I it, up would a person it I should ever have my health restored to me. I did so, and it disappeared. ' MRS. AMMON IN CLEVELAND JAIL. I still felt uncertain, and 1 asked it to return The women of Cleveland are just now indig- in all its brightness if Ishould ever belike my former self again. It reappeared, and came ''naut over the treatment of Mrs. Josephine down so close that it almost rested upon me, Amnion. More than a year ago there came to this and a feeling like an , electric shock passed and I woman s beautiful home on Euclid Avenue, an through my body. I am here bear testimouy to you, my brethren and sister3, old friend and neighbor, who claimed protec This friend, Mrs. liland, and her tion. that I know there is a bod who hears and. answers our prayersyand whose power was manidaughter, had property, and it was claimed that the daughter was not mentally strong and fested to me in this wonderful manner" needed a guardian. Hence a certain lawyer Clara KofTord, of "Mt.- Pleasant North Ward, was appointed, against the wishes of the , said the young ladies there were muchinterested; daughter, and the nfother dying at Mrs. Amhoped they would keep on improving. Prest. M. A.. Hvde bore her testimony to the nion's house, extracted a promise from her truth of what Miss Lowrey had said. "The J hostess to protect the girl from her legal pro great privileges we enjoy are not appreciated 4ec4or, After the funeral, when the guardian called by all. Why are instances like the one just hi3 ward, she could not be found. Mrs. for related more rare than they were when the Church was in its infancy? Is it because we Amnion was summoned before the court to tell the..; whereabouts. of the girl. This she would have less faith? The adversary has great power not tell; hence she is in jaiLfor contempt of on this earth, and we will all, no doubt, he thrown into society where we must possess, a court, Our ladies call upon her, and send her flowers and fruit; her meals are sent to her from portion of the Holy Spirit if we resist the evil the best hotels; a leading furniture house haa influences that are brought to bear against us." Invoked the blessings of God upon us. She sent her a nice chamber set, and she. is very then spoke with" the gift of tongttes,which was comfortable and cheerful. Her bright, promis ing boys call upon 'her and say, "Mother is interpreted by Sister Wells. know not how long she will occupy Miss Willardsen hoped the young, ladies right." I the same prison wTith forty criminal voters would be alive to their duties, and always strive to improve. the only woman there but If they imagine she of that poor girl will yet tell the hiding-placCoun. Sarah Petersen said we should remem ber the Creator in the they: are greatly mistaken. days of our youth Another thing; the trustees ot Alelber Col opoKei 01 tlie Keiief bociety of Lphraim as in. a good condition, and exhorted the lege in this city have just decided that girls-young ladies to faithfulnfss and shall not be educated there. The boys do not diligence. Prest. M. F. C. Morrison made a few intereststand a fair chance, as the girls carry off all the houors. Hence the girls must go. We ing remarks; said mothers should instil into the saloons in Cleveland, and minds of their children the principles of truth. have sixteen hundred from them. Sister E. B. Wells said, "We nave many we take a revenue Sarah M. Perkins. manifestations of the goodness of Providence. We are blessed, above all our expectations. bometime3 we complain of Louise Alcott's books have been translated poverty, but we do not know what is poverty compared with what into Danish. as a -- -- A nd seemingly unknown to lhec, Thy path led to the west, To mingle with God's people there In Zion's pIaceQfrest. And in His sacred temple courts lie caused thy feet to tread, To minister in holy things For the living and the dead. -- - ng-ab- ou oved to-a- was-calle- r t er-cor- ner d " j' The peace of God lit up thy soul, A heavenly joy serene; . . to-da- y, -- - ; e -- -- When at His shrine thou wast ordainecT A priestess and a queen, Ad millions of thy sex have not. Been blessed of God as thou, He honored thee 'fore thou wast born He honors thee e'en now. O, may thy works in temple courts Accepted be as thine, And shed a halo o'er thy lite And after death still shine. And should we ever meet again" Let memories of the past like Spring up everlasting flowers, d to the last. C. L. Walker. Sweet-scente- " A FEW GOOD RULES. - Attend to them yourself; a betwixt mother and child is like a middle-ma- n in business, who gets the largest share, of the go-betwe- profits. en - ; Reflect t hat a pert child i3 an abomination; train your children to be respectful and to hold their tongues in the presence of their su-- " periofs. Remember that, although they are all your children, each ono has arrindividuai character, and that tastes and qualities vary indefinitely.' Respect their little secrets; if they have concealments, worrying them will never make them tell, and patience will probably do their 1 work. . Remember that without physical health mental attainment is worthle-s- ; let them lead free, happy lives, Which will strengthen both mind , . and body. Make your boys and girls study physiology; - ,when they are ill try and make them understand why, or how the complaint arose, and the;, remedy as far as you know it. Teach boys and girls the actual facts of life as soon a3 they are old enough to understand, tfiem, and give them a sense of responsibility without saddening them. 