WOMAN'S EXPONENT. "Mormons" only, as no one else came to hear her, notwithstanding her national reputation as a Mrs. Ormiston Chant, speaker, writer and poet. another Del. of Edinburg National Society Tor, Woman's Suffrage will address the meeting. "Discussion." "Among the speakers are, E)r. Caroline Moral Education So-- . B. Wins. low, Prest. of .D. ciety, and Editor of the Alfiha published in the interest of social purity. Dr. Winslow is ably qualified in every respect to speak understanding! -upon yns important subject. b.Maglesson Garth, Del .Norwegian Woman Suffrage Society, Dis sertation upon Dress by Anriie J.enness Milleri subject, "Comfortable and Artistic Dress." EvenPolitical Conditions." Clara Pey-maing subject, ."Sentimentalism- in Politics," Isabella Beecher Hooker, "Constitutional Rights of the Women of the 'United- .States."-- ' Discussion,. "Women in Politics."- Other subjects,-'Schoo-l Suffrage." "Municipal Suffrage,!' and "Suffrage in the Territories Saturday, 31st, Pioneer Conference." Music. "Autd- Lan Syne" Evening, "Political Cohdi-- j Helen M. Cougar, tions," "Sex in Brain." 157 King' has. entered into eternal rest. The founder nT ' K , S n wrm a m aiinma- U .1rt r j'i inr . - -Ua ii m n -11.- rYin Trr tit iir lii.vi ill uuirAtA iiiitV ' - "Reichs Anzeiher. details'of the following gives His his death deathbed. peace of the world, even on the last hours oPEmperor William: On WednesHis loyal people world. whole 'sTnourned by the day, when his strength began to fail, .the Emperor tears. are weeping, his grateful capital sheds-hospoke repeatedly to Prince William about the cpn-- ; i no.u r he a rtsV are the ditition of the Crown Prince and about political ZI nd s so u b y e n g r a yen which the departed wrote us at the beginand military' affairs, On Thursday, he talked-wit- h ning of the year, his last .words to us: 'Relying on his daughter, the Grand Duchess of Baden, my steadfast trust in Uie Almighty, jny whole enabout the death of her son, Prince Louis. At deavor, my unceasing care is solely for the wel- noon he asked foj Prince. Bismarck, who came and tare ot mv beloved peome. Most irracious ' conversed with him on the political, situation. Emperor, we feel with your Imperial' m ijesty's TheT Emperor spoke clearly, and thanked, , the grief of the son for the loss of his father, the-- ' chancellor for ' his services in his country, : Inanguish of; a commander who places the palm on creased feebleness soon followed afterwards. His the coffin of, the head of the army, and the voice became feebler and feebler, finally sinking mourning of Hobenzollern for the great Hohen-zeller- n to a whisper. At 5he .was. so weak that memEmperor. We most respectfully beg your bers of the family, Prince Brs'marck and Count majesty to accept this humbly expression of our -' Von Moltke and the servants of the household heartfelt sympathy; We admire the strength of gathered around, the bed. The Emperor, sup mind which, guided by a .sense of duty, overcomes ported by the aoctors held the hand of his wife the greatest suffering. The love of your most on one side and his daughter's.oathe other1. Prince faithful people accompanied your majesty on your William stood at the head of the couch, Chaplain homeward journey, your majesty's throne stands Koegel spoke a few words of consolation, to in the city whose people,, full of gratitude, earnest- which the Emperor whispered occasional re: ; -i '. ii i10 come irom vow an11 our iy uncnangin joyauy and: i e n t mani fested extreme s t e A s h e , Pulpit" rcpfhPress i pons t5 130J pa Sunday, April isT7leItglousSympOsium7Susan weakness and death seemed imminent. He sud majesty's health, and most respectful thanks to B. Anthony presiding. There will be quite a denly . rallied and asked for Count Von Moltke and devoted consort. number oLnotecLpeakeis, .subject, ."Science 0 DdfineVilliamrwithhom4ivUlkedabouU your majesty's indefatigable Religious Truth." Evening session, Close of the the stale of the army and the Prussian, people, - granted adong. and happy jeign." Council. Mrs Z. G." Wallace, "The Moral Power entering into minute particulars when speaking of of the Ballot;" Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Closing-Addresmilitary matters. To the astonishment of the the 15th Precincts of the cathedral r , f listeners he'"" then referred to Germany' alliexcite- of presented , constant ' scenes and with countries various ances all possiwear Black to are Committees Jhe badges: and mrbulence, that : ment and Tlje gaiety But during the latter porand Gold, Com. of Arrangements; Purple, Railbility of war. with the signs of was little in accord Enroll-"metion of his remarks, the fantasies of delirium were roads; Lavender, Decoration; Light Blue, mourning observed elsewhere. The open space'' of Visitors; Dark Blue; Public Reception; mingled with the coherent . utterances. This in front of the cathedral was filled with companies till of lasted 10 Brown and Gold, Music; Mahogany, Hotels and strength temporary recovery of soldiers with loaded rifles, and had all the ap' a Red intervals and o'clock. At Gold, frequent Boarding Places; Pink, Badges; pearances" of. abivouac. The square was. entirely - with those about him, manner the earnest to Council; Green, touching, . PressY White, Delegates ; closed to the public, except on the eastern side, Between Io and 2 o'clock, it was observed that a Official Guests; Yellow, Officers oHhe N. W. . where a long line of visitors formed between in the to take curious change was beginning place A.; Red, Reporters. double lines of soldiers along the route to be a was there be a meeting again slight On Monday, April .2nd, there will Emporer's face, although taken by the funeral procession three miles long. imDravement in his condition. Buf at 7 it was for the purpose of forming a permanent organizaAt intervals of twenty paces along the rotite, a seen that his last moments were near, and mem- tion. The headquarters of the International double-roof wodden obelisks draped with crape i Council, as.weJl as the. National Woman Suffrage I bets ofthe familywe Is be nc erected, and. errand a rc hes, fo rtv feet high, he that declared will be the Association, Riggs House. bedside, and at 8:30 the doctors will span the whole roadway from Their. Garten : -for a kind be of these It will, indeed, was dead." Jubilee along to UnterderXinden. The snow has ceased. " well advancthe as of as means pioneer workers, ''Berlin, March o. The new King was pro- -f- alling, and the sun is shining brightly, but the labored for have which so cause the they ing long claimed Frederich III. He signs "Frederick," weather continues bitterly' cold. Shops are being and so earnestly. We wish them the utmost sucwithout reference to Emperor or King." opened and business is being resumed. Thousand3 cess and perfect harmony in all their labors and the that announces Reichs Anzieker' "The - - of persons are arriving daily from the provinces associations together, and hope they may effect an Chanceller has received the following telegram to view the remains of the Emperor lying in state. international organization which will be productive from Emperor, Frederick:' Emperor. Frederick spent an hour yesterday of all the nations re- of great good tothe-womemorning and another hour in the atternoon walk-in- g March 9. At this moment of deep- San ' J Remo, ; presented. in the Orangery at Charlottenburg He eats of the Emperor and sotiow at. and sleeps well. During the day he. gave " King, my beloved father, I must express my thanks audiences to several personages, including Von EDITORIAL NOTE. to you and to the Ministers of. State for the devoMoltke. Every house along Unter deh Linden is tion and loyalty with which you all served him. I The winter course of the Obstetric Class of Dr. draped with mourning, Brandenburg Gate being up'on your assistance in the arduous charge rely Maggie C. Shipp closed on. the 9th of this month entirely covered with crape. On the place in which has, devolved upon me. I leave here tofront of the Catholic church a black amphitheatre (March). Successful examinations were passed morrow. p is being erected.that will holoVthousands of seats. by Mrs. Emma Liljinquistof Hyrum, and Mrs. Frederick (Signed), Elizabeth I. Hammer, Smithfield, both of Cache Along the route of the funeral procession seats also forwarded the following has "The Emperor are selling a,t from 5 to 20 marks." .Co., Utah. The examinations were conducted by of State on the subject Ministers the to ordinance the Drs. Shipp. There is an advertisement in the i of public mourning:" visited and of the "Members Landtag Reichstag of next the term for the Exponent class, spring which will be conducted by both Mrs. Ellis R. and With regard, to the natfonal mourning, which the cathedral on Tuesday and privately viewed the remains of the Emperor. In accordance with the Mrs. Maggie C. Shipp. These ladies, have been has heretofore been customary, we will not order wish of the Empress Augusta, the late Ejmperor's very successful in imparting instruction, and also any provision, but will rather leave to every in tne rooms will be left absolutely intact, just as when German to determine how'he will give expression practice of their chosen profession. r he lived in them. to his affliction at the death of such a monarch, of authorities The Cologne have municipal and how long he will deem it appropriate voted 30,000 marks for EMPEROR. WILHELM DEAD. participation in pnblic entertainments. - LAST HOURS."" THE EMPEROR'S . t 1 r- i' 1 - " t 1 1 . , j . , n, - " t sJ - . -- - - - i- ' . .- r .' : . - . ; s. to-da- y, ' , .. , .. nt , w - ' jy . ...... - n the-dece- ase -- ! . , . ; -- . A dispatch dated Berlin, March 9, 1888;' states: . The Emperor died at 8:30 this morning. "The death of the German monarch, known to all the world, is an event of great importance on the con-- . tinerit and' elsewhere, and will, without doubt, be the cause of other in that great changes powerful Empire, and among the people over whom he reigned so long, and "by whom he was almost ' ' beloved. - yni-versal- ' ; ly ADDRESS A MONUMENT TO EMPEROR FREDERICK. Forcken-booBurgomaster who headed the Berlin alderman who called on Emperor Frederick yesterday and addressed His Majesty, after' expressing the. sorrow- of the citizens for the death of Emperor. William, thanked Emperor Frederick for returning to Berlin. He then read the following address:" 'The mo'st illustrious and powerful Emperor and "Berlin, March 14. k, - TO THE EMPEROR WILLIAM. Bergas has secured a perfect cast of the Kaiser's features. "From early morning jjindows commanding a view of the square were crowded with onlookers, who were unable to leave their homes on account of the pressure of he crowd. The spectacle was more suggestive of a public holiday than, that of a day of mourning. - ' , 