WOMAN'S respective Iwardrgzaliops, and the gcneraT visit each of the Stakes as occasion presidency ' raulrei. and hold public meeting's. Quarterly conferences are held in the respective Stakes, and forjhe gcbcral conference is held . ... ; semi-annuarl- y ward organization. At these conferences the officers are presented for the votes of the members and such- - changes in the management as may be .acd . " necessary are . effected. Plans . are also made for the Improvement of the societies, and all things are done by common consent. If male visitors arc present they take no part in the. proceedings, . except by invitation of the women, no matter what may be their' social, political, or ecclesiastical '. r position. There are now four hundred Relief Societies in "and out of Utah, with a total membership of 22, TV a rw ft rr n ikA r f KA tllo mr w (if Cil AU JJJ, lUvj unu iMitkiiy va uit ii Alio .ill tUik t) meet, and such property is valued at Soc.ooo. They 'have laid up wheat in granaries to the amount of 32,006 bushels, for seed or relief in case ot scarcity, ihey assist in caring for the distressed, help to wait upon the sick and prepare the deceased foj paper called the Woman's Exponent, with a woman .editor, women writers, women business agents and women compositors. : Its columns are devoted to any and every subject specially relat ing to womenf lat jpeseret Hospital, with a lady M. D. as Principal, and skilled nurses and at tendants, is under their .direction. They have fostered the silk industry, producing the raw ma terial and manufacturing it into various articles. Some of thr Relief Societies have stores for the sale , of merchandise, particularly home raanufac tures, as they ea courage ..industry as well as intel lectual cuUure.vyThe entire organization is a live, active and growing; institution, and its benefits are felt in every place where jt extends, all its tendencies being to make women useful, progressive, independent and happy. 1 "r-,"- ... . . r :J v- THE YOUNG LADIES' MUTUAL INTROVEMENT ASSOCIATION is organized in a similar manner to the Women's Keiiet society. J thas a general presidency,with Stake. and ward organizations extending almost as far as the Relief Societies. But it is comnosed of younger , ladies, married and unmarried, who are associated for mutual benefit The more of the Relief Society visit and inelderly ladies, struct. them from" time to time. They, hold weekly meetings, managed by themselves, and have their Stake and general conference, in which they vote for theifwn ofScers'and attend to their own asso ciation business.7 .They compose and read essays, . . au w--; ,b; , discuss various subjects relating .to women's duties, rigkts, privileges and responsibilities-- Jiear raediealand physiological lectures, and engage in ' religious services. Programme committees announce at one meeting the detailed order of exercises for the next meeting, and questions are given and solicited for members to answer; also subjects for short addresses. At stated periods the associations ljieet with the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Societies, which are organized in a similar manner. In these conjoint meetings, subjects, and exercises "suitable to mixed assemblies are introduced and discussed.. .The organ of Contributor) a monthly theseryoung people magazinepublished in Salt Lake City, which has reached a highly creditable standing of literary erit. .The motto of the magazine and of the young people it represents is, 'The glory of God is intelligence." There are 350 of these Young Ladies Associations, with a membership of 8,200. Their .effects in promoting independent thought and awakening an interest in useful knowledge, among th yoyng. people of the Territory are" barked nd of infinite value to society. ; is-th- e , . EXPONENT. ren, apart, fromjtheir day andSunday Jchool9f into associations which are' calledV Primaries. Each Ward association has officers similar to those, of the other societies described, and also Stake and general presidencies.. The boys and.giris -- who are; enrolled as members have their regular weekly meetings, in which they receive instruc-- . lions on the duties of.childrea to their, parents and socfety, recite, sing and answer questions previously propounded. They are taught to conduct meetings and speak in public. . They are visited occasionally by the ladies of the older societies, but the organization, is distinct from all others, and the ladies controlling it manage all its affairs. There'are 360 Primary Associations jn Utah, with a membership of 25,000. Great benefit-ha- s been derived from thpe associations for the advancement of young children. Faith in God animates the women who work in these societies in all their exertions, which are entirely gratuitous. They are purely and truly labors of love. ' We desire the universal spread of truth, and the diffusion of the Divine Spirit for the enlightenment, development, and elevation of our sex and the ultimate redemp" '"" tion of the whole human "race." , -- '. . A WORD TO YOUNG MOTHERS. Mothers, let me plead with you first to study the future welfare of your children, rather than the present; gratification of all their little whims and appetites. Is it, hard to deny your little ones the coveted piece of pie, cake, etc., especially when the refusal is followed by a burst much harder of tears? Certainly. But is t to see your darlings writhing with pain, or tossing with fever, as the result of allowing them to load their' tender stomachs, with food that is only adapted to the strong, healthy organizations of maturity? How often we hear mothers say,; "I did not want. him' to have it, but he teased and worried me, so," or, "I told him it would make him sick, but he would have it." Now, mothers, such excuses as these - will not exonerate you .from blame in the least. If you know what is best for your child, as you, most of all should do, insist upon obedience to your mature judgement, rather than humor his ignorance, when you know it .will be injurious to him. What would We think of our Heavenly frther if, in op position to His knowledge of what is for our best good, He should gratify some longing or desire we may have and it brings, us sorrow and trouble? Oh, how quickly we would say, "He knew it would not be good for us, and if He loved u as well as He says He does, Hewould not have let us bring that trouble upon ourselves." Exactly. Now, mothers, take it directly home to yourselves. Which manifests the wiser love for her children, l, refuses to gratify she who teaches them some foolish wish, that she knows if indulged in would injure them, or she who "hasn't he. heart to refuse and disappoint them" for a moment, and will give them that which will cause them far greater, suffering:. than a denial would do? The latter may be a loving, affectionate mother, but she is certainly a very unwise and imprudent one Children are sure to .meet with disappointments ; sometime in their lives, they must learn and there is no easier, better time to begin to teach them this severe lesson, than when they are babes at your knee.- M. H. T. . it-no- . ? self-denia- self-deni- al . THOUGHTS ON THE NEW YEAR. J The THE- - PRWArV ASSOCIATIONS. Writtem for the Y. Fourth Ward, Jan. L. M. I. A. 16,1888. of the The advent f a new year, aside from being a season "of merry-makin- g, is generally the specified 00 J time fqrTofmin Jjesoly eSj turning ore r a h e w leaf," as it is often called. At this season, also, the best and most liberal impulses of the heart are demonstrated; every exertion is. made to promote the happiness ot our dear ones, and our ,generou3 esires are not limited to those immediately around us, but are often extended beyond the home circle to others who are possibly less fortunate in worldly " -- l" V, matters. -- ' .' '" v Selfish, indeed, is the heart that at the blessed Christmas-tiddoes hot feel a thrill of benevoU ence, a generous desire to contribute in some, way to the happiness of his fellow beings'; and at its approach varied, are the emotions we experience, controled to a great extent by our surroundings. Even in the homes of the humble and indigent, where but little, indeed, can b e spared from the necessities of each day, some extra exertion, or little closer economyrhTust be exercised, in order to give what is felt to be due respect to the season of rejoicing, and all honor to the generous im .pulses that prompt the endearing little' kind- ' nesses. Iiut among the world excess so often, indeed ge ne raliyprey ailslhajLe jfenJ.nth isid elightsome and festivity, impetuousity custom of runs away wkh prudence; display and extrjavagace robs our "merry Christmas" of half its chirm and attraction. Latterly, handsome'presents.sumptuous . Ginnersvelegant dresses, are srynonymous ot thv holidays, and those, perchance, who cannot keep pace with the rapid march of progress are 1'ableto check of enthusiasm in contemplating the display of their more fortunate or "progressive" neighe - -- : - gift-makin- bor.- g - .. .. ' .' - nennle. S5fnatH a: u- - arp.j as. a relipious nnart -i r r from the world in our belief, we should use wisdom and forethought in these, as well as other matters. True, we are associated to a much greater extent than formerly with the elements that bring examples of show and extravagance ; but, as Latter day Saints,: in celebrating the birth of our Savior, we should, honor His teachings and emulate His example meek and lowly, kind, forgiving and charitable yet withal showing great wisdom in In the excess of gracious gifts. gaiety and bustle of greetings thegreat Being, whose birth we commemorate, is almost forgotton. It should .be a period of thanks, kindly memories and loving praise; yes, and of forming resolves : . r ; rIOi 1.UcliCi it ia c auu pujex- uvea. i i4uu iuuicmcu half overcome," and if we recognize in the past our failings, we have greater strength to overcome in the future. - -- r-- , 1 1 1 1 . Aunt Pollv. STATEMENT OF W. R. SMITH. President Wm. R. Smith of Davis. Stake made the' following statement when arraigned before the - U. S. Court in this city on the charge of anlawful cohabitation. The sentiments are such as would attract attention from honest,thInl;icg people, and his case is similar that of many others who have also served for the same cause. "May it please your hondr: I desire to make a statement. 1 have lived nearly sixty-tw- o years, and for the first time I am now arraigned before a court of justice, having been charged with break ing the laws of my country. I will here state that I married three of my wives between thirty and forty years ago. I married my last wife some twenty years since, and for the last three, or four years she has been an invalid, a great portion of the timeonffned to her room and much cf the time to her. bed. The condition and circumstances with which she is now, surrounded are likely to hasten her to an untimely grave. Wrhen wintered the marriage c6ntract, to our ncderstanding " there;was no law against it. They are the mothers of my children and the grandmothers of my grand" children. .Our children are our seals to the agreement and our grandchildren are duplicate seals to . -- 