WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Hear Thou in. Heaven, Thy dwelling place, 'And whenjfhoii nearest, O Lord forgive.'.' ' . Amen. -"President Can u t ePeterson said t he pres ent had ever experi; ivas one of the happiest days hewould beenced. Could testify that God quite as willing, to accept pi the .Temple as the brethren had been to dedicate it. Believed lhat.'the site of the Templehad been set apart ages before President Young hid. selected it upon. .which to erect the present structure. Did not believe there was any "chance work about our existence, or the . - For the sunshine that he ihrdj ', Count him with the the "glorious" dead. The dedicatory services were repeated oriTues-da- y and agalrr'on Wedrfe7daywithT61rTe'change of speakers, " '. ; The people of Sanpete "have had a rich feast in "?r?' "the Temple services, and no doubt appreciate it to a fullness, and feel well repaid- - for their sacrifices in building a house unto the Lord. P resident .Peter- son andhsCounselors, and Supt.j V. II. Fulsom are happy, now in the realization ofTheir most sanguine expectations in the completion and dedication of the sacred edifice for which they have labored so indefatigably and untiringly. But the Chtirch and of establishment kingdom of there, is still work "to be done "in finishing the God.''grounds that vill take muchlime and considerable means to accomplish. The Sain-t- who are interElder W. H.'TulsomfeU words were inadequate will still have ample opporested in to express his joy, and pleasure being present at the dedication of a Temple. Had felt at times tunity to give of their means that the surroundings sacrifices--madmay. correspond in fitness of appearance and solthat, the by the Saints in this idity to the splendid structure itself. Truly there jTe mpledi s trict were too great ; believed that h is life had been prolonged through the blessing of "Is' a' joy anrTiatisfaction in tl"l)ml(HnofenF God in "response to a promise received in the .St. pies and dedicating tlvem tq the Most. High. George Temple. Telt to praise and bless and who had labored upon the Temple. thank EDITORIAL NO TB S . Knew that the Temple had been accepted of the Lore?,. and that Hi's Spirit was present. JThe Con fe ic .Relief Soci et y o f this President D7Ti. Wells sa'TcPhe' h.'.d learned fo Ssake will be held in the 14th Ward Assembly know God through the Gospel, and that the whole Rooms in this cityon Thursdayjune 2iJcommenc-inworld was ignorant of that fact Until He Jreveated "at 10 a.m. and at 2 p.m. Presidents 01 their Himself unto His PropheT, Joseph Smith. "Men Counselors are expected to report the Relief Soexisted before thefoundations "of the "earth were ciety over which they preside. The Y. L; M. I. A. laid, but thenowiedgeLh.eypossassed.intheir of this Stake Will hold their Conference- on the .former existence had been taken from them, and Friday following June 22,commencing at the same die divine j knowledge; obtained in mortality had liours. The Primary Conference will be held on gradually been lost through transgression. The Saturday June 23 in the Assembly Hall. ordinances of the Gospel and their object and order were also unknown until revealed in this Mrs. M. Isabella Home, yner son Richard and her sister, Mrs. H. Ellis, lelt this city on the 12th age; and the same with the destiny of man. The be the would sons lost except of May for England to gather, up the genealogy" saying, that no one of perdition, would seem to .Imply that no woman of theiiCancestry. They sailed from New York would be eternally lost." Could testify from his on the Steamer Circassia on the 19th of the same observation, that Avomen, generally, were better month, and have probably landed ere this on and more virtuous than men. Invoked the bless England's shores.. Sister Home's departure " of God should have been mentioned before, as we know upon the congregation. ing the sisters in various places are interested in her Apostle H. J. Grant said he enjoyed fo the first time in his life the privilege of speaking in a welfare, and, will pray for the preservation of her health and her safe return home, when the object Temple of God. Nothing afforded him so much of her journey has been accomplished. happiness as the. consciousness of God's approval and the testimony which he had of the truth of II i s wo r k . "Many, throughout the world who did not believe the Gospel' were led by curiosity or COUNT HIM WITH THE "GLORIOUS" DEAD. pr ide to compile genealogical works By the hun were no had after use they dred, for which they In" Memory of Erastus Snow, a Faithful and Be w ay they were preparing the this In printed. loved Apost lk of the Church of Jesus Christ way for the work to be performed .in temples by Saints. , the "Saints of God who : were unable to obtain the of Latter-dainformation otherwise which was thus affordeH g love of Truth, For his them. For this he felt to give God the glory; For his consecrated youth, : rThe choir srfng the hymn of praise For his aims that upward led, . . " , ' ; the-Templ- Sorrowing friends, whoi.drop a tear, ; Over one so justly dear, Mourn him not as lost, instead' Count himwHh the glorious "dead. '"' " - " , ' s For the mighty good Ije wrought,; For the" '' Fight of Faith" he fought, " For-- his u ortli of h art and In adt Count him with the ploriotis dead. . , " Far beyond this 'changeful tlimc. Swells he now a host sublime; Far above earth's lowly bed, ,:r Count him with the glorious dead. - e Fmily H. Woodmansek. . Salt Lake cjty, May 30, 18,88? ; . DAY OF MAXIiiJlTtE;riIHE MEMORIES." FLOWERS AND . the-me- n . . g - . " Twenty years ago, the Grand Army- of the Republic inaugurated the touchingly pathetic custom now observed on Memorial Day, consecrating the ?oth of May to' sweet and sacred tribute. Beauti ful and bright is the halo which surrounds the , inspiration and patriotism born of the hallowing" influences of this day; and all the world observes with winder and admiration our reverence for it.. It was Gen. John A. Logan, who first proposed that a day be set apart to tenderly revive the memories of the past and of the heroes who fell in the'Great War. The thought of such an anni-.- ; versary touched a mighty chord of tenderness in the hearts of the people of our land, and soon after its first proposal Congress made Memorial Day a national holiday. No day has grown so quickly, nor ripened with such strength and tenderness in the hearts of the people as "Decoration ' Day, or, as I better like to call it, "Memorial No thoughtful person can fail to see how. Dav.i each kear, this day grows' dearer to all, and takes on a tenderer and deeper significance. Each year theTiumberof veterans who come to strew with7 flowers the graves, of comrades, .grows less; each year names are added to the mighty roll of those who are "mustered out" forever; but. the day will not die; our children and their children will ob serve it, for never shall be forgotten the principle,-fowhich they, fought and died. - r " Land forget life blood of her brave." the How gushed "O, never will the , - . y life-lon- Glorious is Thy name Almighty Lord, All the angels stand round about Thy throne: 1 Let aU nations bow before Thee, .' And declare 'I hy wondrous works j We praise Thee, we give thanks to Thee, We adore Thee, we glorify Thee. - Lord, we adore Thee, we bless Thee. It: 'Lord, we thank Thee for Thy great glory. Heaven is Thy- throne and earth is Thy footstool, Thou art King over all the world. Glorious is Thy name, O Lord. Blessing, and honor, be to God Forever and evermore. him with the glorious dead. ": . . . -- the-"Gr- ' ' " For enduring many a woe, That the persecuted know, For his scorn of dangers dread. Count him with the glorious .dead. the pines, where sleeps.many an "unknown", hero nature's kindly hand, with gentle grace, has robed the mound with vines and'flowers. P&H over the South land nature, with her "mantle of charity" flowers is covering the marks of the hosts who fought in our great War, and redoubt and rifle-p- it are half hidden creeping grass 'and clambering vines. No more graceful tribute was ever paid to valor thannvhen .Memorial Day was set apartjno monu ment' of sculptured marble, costly bronze, nor granite pile,,can so fitly honor the memory of our soldier-dea- d as the observance of this day. We are adding, too, ' as the years go by, to the mighty roll of those who fought and died for the -Union, the names of all our loved and lost, for, to-da- y, . For hiseloquence and aid 'Gainst oppressive power arrayed, For his zeal with wisdom wed, Count him with the glorious' dead. - : - . Staunch his soul that would not quail, Fast his "hope "within the veil," "Bright the future that he read, Count him with the glorious dead. . if " ' S Safe his counsel, true and kind, Sense and foresight well combined; Lovingly, "The Flock" he fed, Count him with the glorious dead. For domestic graces rare, For his ever thoughtful care, . " . ey" in the beautiful services of Memorial Day. " Afar off in lonely swamp, and in the valley 'neath b-- Apostle Lorenzo Snow 'leading, the congregation united in shouting Hosannah to God and the Lamb, forever and forever, amen. This was repeated "three times, after which the "benediction jyas pronounced by Apostle Joha Henry- - Smith. At 5 o'clock the same afternoon the children of the Saints were admitted to the Temple,, that The little childtbey might behpkHts beauty. ren have been among those who have given of their means to asssist in its building, and itseemedsuch a sweet and appropriate compensation for them to be permitted to visit and admire the place consecrated to the Lord. -- For his course so free from guile :: In a cause beset with trial; fear have fled, Frailer ones, thTough dead. with the him Count glorious Memorial Day has proven a wo'ndrous factor-i- s welding anew the broken links of love 'twixt the North and the South, the "Ktue" nowjoining "There is no fireside, howso'er defended, But hath one vacant chair." "'" Timethe great . laid his hand upon tne nearts ot tnosewno mournea tor tne brave and true who fell in the smoke and roar of battle, or perished in prison, or died in thejhos. pital; but never can they forget; and though their sorrow is less keen, the mpmnrip! of tKnsp thn ' st are tender and true. healer, has ,, . . 