i '-- . 7 : r - WOMAN'S EKPONJETNT; 70 Woman 'S- T r -- r- . -- n BatU ' j'ngs and at Iirv t rr ' employees-matron- , cook, laundress, etc: for one woman and nine children, especially when so many, women and children are actually in a f slate of suffering for food and rairnenr so near EMMELI&E D. WELLS, Editor, home, in all the great cities: and towns of ie jlJnited-gteTHoabiratT tfiirmast appeal Tubllsned ;Uh,'fenatothe t people, who know ihMSJ--mmToitosone copy one year, ?2.00; ono copy 'air monUaa, S1.00. Ten ""-7- 7 fiFCongress has. been so 'copies fbrtheprfco of nine.- ;A(3vMfi! rat: Each sjvlari tea lines oMionpaxeil liberal ! And there ; are those :who do : know I one thaei 2.C0; per aontli, $3.00. A liberal xJiEcount Lake City it JsrilmosVimpossi- ; WhyThereinSalt advertisers. rto ,7':::l::.: Exrt.tNT office,: No. 25 E., South Temvje Strect,sccond ble to obtain hired; hlfc4&r domestic serviceor women to wash brriro 1 ate east of JPeseret News Office." Busmjjsa tours fro. iQ.ia.ia - w seml-mon- tl e ipf reai ' ' 1 to 5 p.nu every day except Sunday.iC7; " Addresi all business communications to ' TUBLISIIER WOMAN'S EXi0NENT, - Supply . -- theTpeoplte, and where isihoman who iightehrhent Congress" has had of Iate"year-- "ocT the Mormon question. The Delegate from Utaht one would think, stated matters plain enough for . the members and all who heard or read hi& speecb, but it seems impossible to convincecertain people that th e Latte Sai n t s t z n, Cjar e olthej r and that pjurafiyes :'.arc eifreliantenoughL and " too Sndependentbyfar -- to the Home pro jenter vided by Govetnment. To TdcT so theytotist certainly apostatize from the faith, which; has Been "and; is their constant guide and support.: The "aln e ndment ?ar considerably, and in, in a gresit measure, butitis doubtful if it will be satisfactory to those who are so anxious to take care of Morraan women, while " the heart of Th e many' are:-si-! fle rip g nearer v ay iactitheharactertofth would not far rather work for her Jiytng than depend upon the. charity of others, even if it were dispensed by Congress ? Salt Lake Crrv Utah. And this very woman who, is now an occupant Entered at the Post Office iti Salt Jxike City, Utah, as. ' ' "w ,r Of the Was" not" destitute; the matron inSecond Oast Matter. formed us that her husband had offered her 20 a towards her support. How many thouAmendments numbered 112 and 1x3 :. That the October i ?; 1888. month Salt Lake City, sands of women are there outside of Utalvwho House recede from its disagreement to the amendof ments of the Senate numbered 1x2 and x xj.land much - touafds - da not rcceive-s- a .RELIEFSOCIETYCENTRAL-DOAKDthe family? How many women in the world sup- "agree Tofthe same with an amehdraentas follows: port themselves; their children and'a worthless or In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by " T . . ...''' Vw, the-supp- ort the On was I ith-of-Octo- SisterIha-t- ), ber, drunkenhusband? 11. let apart by the Apostles to preside saidlamenfees O, rrHspitiTuijfothlnkpOni and what is Congress doing for these poor unfortunate women, and the little helpless children? These are the childreu that need projection ! not The plural wives of the Elders of Israel. Societies in the Church, and Sster Jane b. Richards as her First Counselor, over all the Relief Sister Bathsheba W. Smith her Second Counselor; Sister Emmeline BVellsas, Corresponding Secretary. the Central presiding Board of the Relief Societies now consists of the following officers President, Zina D. IIvYoun; FirstCounselor, Jane S. Richards; Second Counselor, Bathsheba W. Smith; Secretary, Sarah M Kimball Assist ant Secretary,' Romania B. Pratt ; Treasurer, M. Isabella HorneilCrresponding Secretary.Emme andf ;T A . il-J- I j. Congressmen could have'been hoodwinked into making such an appropriation as has bten made for this Industrial Home in Utah, without ft alcing them selves "sufficiently acquainted with the conditions here to know if jt, was, cr would be wisely bestowed. However, so it is, and in the near future a building suitable for the purposesdesigned, will be COMMENTS. In the afternoon of Tuesday, Sept. 25th, a party of ladies and gentlemen accompanied Mrs. Saxon and Mrs; Colby to jSalt Lake. Through the courtesyrof Hoh. :W.: W. Riter, whom we sincerely thank for the favor, a car was tendered free for the ladies, and a very pleasant party enbath in the joyed the luxury of the ride and .. . .. have lived in Utah for forty years, must: confess our ignorance of these ' poor den graded, unfortunate, unhappy, women, who need support from the Government. We have traveled extensively in and through these mountain vales, and'everywjiere-w- ehave found the ..womenjof jh?JePp!ejcontenlled land r. and with comfortable sur . , the Dead Sea. Mrs. Saxon and Mrs. Colhv bntkT. . j ana we lau-isee any need lor --7 an . , , , y irounaings, acuneu, auu inuccu cxpreiseu ineraseives a s asylum suchas these Christian women are so enjoying to the utmost the conversation,: the anxious to provide for the daughters of Zion disscenery, the bath and the magnificent sunset over " satisfied plural wives. , the Lake, as viewed from the pavilion and the As for the young women, who are likely to be. tars upon the return trip. influenced by polygamous surroundings, what a Early next morning Mrs. Emily S. Richards flimsy pretext to obtain money, when young and nd the writer, according To previous appointinnocent girls go down by the score and hundreds ment, went with Mrs. Saxon and Mrs. Colby to in the cities of the East and West, and not a the Industrial Home. Mrs. Campbell," the Matron, received all the hand scarcely stretched forth to save them from : destruction. party with the utmost courtesv, and was most kind The Industiial Home will probably be written n explaining particulars regarding the institution, :. ? .:' e Li. ,ft. i .1J . up by Mrs. Colby in the Woman's Tribune, and lis management, anu goiorin. one is cenainiy we shall be glad to see what she will have to . well qualified forth posilioa she holcfe, and seems T the v subject. quite equal to the grave responsibility. She to the desire on the part of the Board of After leaving the Industrial Home the ladies Directors, to bave Congress cliange the plan wereltaken to the Orphan's -- Day Nursery and other parts of the city, and finally to call at the sufHcientiy to admit other than plural wives, so that more cou'.d be accomplished than under the Devereaux House, where Mi s; Jennings presented does seem a them with a the choicest fruit. Mrs. present festriclions77jnd, indeed, "the small affair for Congress of The United States Saxon and Mrs. Colby left on the afternoon train to legislate for, when the inmates are one woman fof Ogden, where they were to speak in hTeven and ninej:jiildren Central depot they bade'the . there is any city or town of The DODulation of final good-byeThe visit had assuredly . been Salt Lake that couid not furnish more .inmates for pleasant,' and we trust a profitable one to them in a charitable institution, even under the same promore ways than one. ' visions, viz.: women tired of We give below the amendment agreed upon in they sustained as the wives of men who, had other the Congress of the United States, as published wives. No wonder these charitable people who. in the Congressioual Record of October 10, 18S8. are so anxious to do good feel That their platform During the arguments in both Houses of Congress, of work must be upon a broader plan. Think of there were many erroneous - ideas advanced, and the expense of keeping up a house, with furnish seemingly received, notwithstanding all the 'endown-trodde- i 3 IT . ,tMew . 1 4 o . t' - say-upo- re-err- v it n ed Harof the-relatio- - r 'V : 1 . bt we who . Industrial )Home in establishment of an industrial home in the.Terri-tor- y of Utah, andtO-proyidem- pI means of support for the dependent women who 'renounce polygamy, and the children of such women of tender age in said Territory, with a view to the suppression of polygamy therein; and ' the other act approved February X, 1888, to aid, the Industrial Christian Home Association in Utah in carrying out under its articles of incor- ppration, the worXof providing leraployment and x means of support forx jhe dependent .women who shall have renounced polygamy, and their children of tender age, now in the hands of Caleb V. West, or any other person or corporation, to be immediately paid over or delivered to a properly quali fied disbursing officer of the United S tates, to be appointed by the Secretaryltf the Treasury. ; And said Secretary of the Treasury is further directed to cause a valid title to the lot or lots of erected, and- - industries established' under the direction and control of "the tJtah Commission. Where the women are coming-fro- m to carry on these various trades and industries in the several branches and departments of work is not Jet ap- - line B. Wells. Utah Territory: ' The Secretary of .'tWe. Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to cause all of the unexpended bab ance of appropriations made bytwb acts of Con- gresi, one approved Aug. 6, iBS5 tblaid in the ; -- in said TeTTitory, ground inThe city of Salt-Lake that were purchased and paid for with money 01 the United States appropriated in the acts before cited,, to be immediately vested absolutely and; -- United States forever. balances are fully paid over to said in The unconditionally When said disbursing officer, the Utah Commission shall be and become the board of management and control thereof and of all expendHures of said money, and of such as may be hereinaiter appropriated, and the said board f management and control shall proceed at once, on plans and specifications to be" made or approvedby said board, complete on said lot or lots a building to erect or adapted or designed to carry out the purposes of this act, and which, jwhen entirely completed alfinished,v including the approaches and the fencing and grading of said lot or lotsVshall not Jn' cos t. eit. ceed the sum ; and for these purposes the money appropriated under ?the two; acts .of Congress above recited and unexpendeid is here by appropriated, and a further, sum is hereby ap propriated to complete the work above mentioned, J not exceeding the sum of $24,000. . . . . pf-sooo- o uTherersalso "Thereby "appropriated the further sum of $4,600, orso much- thereof as may be necessary, to suitably furnish" said building whea the same shall have been completed. 'When said building shall have been completed and furnished, it shall be placed in the custody of the Industrial Christian Horn Assoaation gf it for Utah Territory, to be', used J the.purposepf aiding in the :supp.relQOr amy, and of furnishing an induHrial :Uome alad 1 - - noccupJ)r Pj o 