WOMAN 'S EXPONENT. Qualification .which belongs to the PriesUod which he bears,' and to till the members of the -- Church with-tiHoly Ghost and and Servant .in Christ i remain your-Iirot- A fte r a closing hymn' by "the "choir, Prei-- ' her . " ."' JeSUS, " WlLKOKI) iD'behil of the Quorm 1. .of '" REPORT 'OF THE PRINCIPAL, WILLARD DOANE. a WoODKUKK,' the Twelve. .tprilCttA The number of .pupils roistered lurii)2 ' the term in the preparatory department was 50; yi ine intermediate, y. Uf these two in the preparatory, and ,18 in ' the intermediate depart.; ment. . The faculty consists of Willard Doarje, prim: ' a . "FANCY WORK. : -- " become At the present time, fancy work-hais carried to so great an extent, go popular and assumed the form of a "craze," and that it has though a pleasant pastime, yet like other- it becomes things, when carried to excess, ' well, at least, annoying. ' . , 1 1 " in-- rery Certainly we appreciate beautiful things, and love to surround ourselves with them,. especially the tasteful ornamentations fashioned JR. S. Y. L. M." 1. jA. & P. A7 REPORTS. by nimble inventive fingers, and we enjoy the pleasant surprise we experience at4he many YERMILION. dainty little treasures that greet us in c- -y home corners, and that pee,pat us from Dear Editor: unexpected nooks; and not only are many of Our Primary Association of this place, Verthem ornamental; but contribute Jn various rtine ways to our comfort anci convenience.. But I milion, is in a flourishing condition . fancy- .children are taking - work - becomes - days, weeks, and even montns are devoted to darning a chair tidy, or embroidering a lambernuin, I imagine papa's : slipper - would feel quite as comfoTtable with des Kenskigton on the toes, and grandma's rocker be just as easy with less crazy patches on the cushion. It may be claimed that it is agreeable employment for spare moments, a assuredly to improve our time is an.excellent habit-tacquire; but there seems, so many more profitable ways of improving these same spare moments; surely it is not making the best use of the precious time an. alwise Creator has given us, to spend so much of it in ornamentation. There- is so much earnest work to be accomplished, so -- mueb-for -willing, helping bandsto do, that excess of even fancy work is but little less than frivolity. We, fully sense the tempting wiles of the intricacies of crochet and embroidery, but we are inclined to regard it in the same iight a3 many other passing pleasures," To be laid -- as mentT-amHtrl getb in only occasionally as a sort of self reward or rest from more pressing "duties there is a happy medium to strike in this as in other matters, only it 'is difficult to stop at: just enough of a pleasant pastime, and not over-d- o the matter to the crowding out , of things of greater "importance, and to the avoidance of tne appearance ot aTiancy giving our-howork establishment. , o - ''...' m mes Aunt Polly. SALT LAKE STAKE ACADEMY. On the last day of the third term of this institution, closing exercises were given among which were the following: , An address- - school in behalf Miss students rof Annie- Butler; leaving by another in behalf of thpse remaining, by Wil-- " lard Call. Instructors Willard Cxoxall and Jos. Nelson spoke of the" advancemenl, con duct, etc., of the classes- they had taught re- - spectively. ' . Principal Willard Doane spoke of the classes their progress, etc., and read his ' he had taught, report t Elder W. B. Dougal spoke in commendation of the work of the school, and gave the students some ex cpllpnt: ndviVp. . .. President Angus M. Cannon made an address fraught with excellent counsel and and expressed the hope that the Academy would increase in its capacity and power to do good. a. lively- int-re- in perform an interesting meet-- ing their part?. ing ror tne eniHuent;cons:isting oi music, songs, recitations, etc.' Mothers were present and made encouraging remarks. .; Alter meeting was closed they all partook of a lunch, and afterwards engaged themselvesn a littlellance all feeling as though they had had a good time. Respectfully, " Louisa Gottfredsox, Prest,,' Sec. ' ' Dora-2stei;eke- Editor AVom . an 's Exponent: n TOOELE ' The Thirty ninth Quarteriy Conference of the Relief Society of the Juab Stake of Zion was held in the Nephi Tabernacle, March 10,Ittpo. lwo sessions were, held.lieporls were given by representatives of the various branches, showing the Sociely to be in a good condition. . , Much good "instruct ion was given by the speakers. Songs and recitations wrere interspersed between the reports and speeches. Since our last correspondence toj he there has been 0& branch organized at which was reported a3. being in good Eureka, condition. The sLsters there were grateful for the privilege' of having an organization, and were alive to their duties. The Sr a ke Secretary, Sister Mary fcuckhol t, was 'released from her duties on account of poor health, r A vote of thanks was given her for her efficient labors. Sister M. E. Teasdale was chosen to - fill the place made vacaiit by' the resignation of Sister Buckholt, with Sister Leonora Hartley, Assistant. Wishing you sue- cess, 1 am, -- - T, . . Once more having visited the Primary Associations of this, the Sanpete Stake of Zion, we ask you, kindly, to give placVto a short summary of their condition, statistically, financially and otherwise, in your' columns. The improvement of the children is very preemptible; but how could it be otherwise? Do not parents who love tlieir children give them the advantage of taking partrrin-every-thing within their reach, that is elevating and refining, both religiously and socially? Prest. Peterson, of this Stake, instructed us to request of the Primaries,- - when we visited them, a cash donation of 10 cents from each member over 8 years of age (though not excluding those under S), to the Mauti Temple, with the , . The quarterly conference of the, Relief Society of Tooele Stake "convened in the Tooele Meeting House, Saturday, March 10,1888. On the stand were Counselors Jeanette Spear and Rhoda A. Lnan ofV Tooele Relief Society.' Prest. M. A. Hunter, was not present, ami since our last cereuce one of her Counselors, Sister Emily . Warburton. ' hasv died. Conn. Jane Eastham was not present either, and Sister Jeanette Delamare was very ill, conse-- . qut'nj.ly .not ab!eto attend. Sister Jane S. tiards,PFesi"dehr of the; Relief Society in Weber Stake, and Sister Elizabeth Howard, Lake Secretary of the Relief Society of Salt " : Stake were present by invitation. Conference openeel, bister Jeanette. Spears presiding. . After singing, prayer and singing, the minutes of the previous, conference were ' ' read and accepted. Sister Howard Was the first speaker; she re- -' grette4 the absence of Prest. Hunter, and that Sister Delamare was so very ill. She desired to have the Spirit of the Lord that, she might edify those .present; counseled the.. mothers to look well aftertheir children and to Iivp thr-properly educated and not allow them to grow and pride, up in ignorance, that they might become honorable men and women in the Kiugdom of God; said it behooves us to" know 6urselves and see how we stand; if we are willing to bear affliction and trials and to be prayerful and humble before the Lord; and not sell our property to our enemies; some are doing so for enormous prices. Let us love one another and do good to all and work. help to roll on this great Latter-daSome think'the line will soon be drawn, but if we do right we will draw the line ourselves. Prayed the Lord to.bless us all with his Spirit and hoped we should have a good conference; -- - light-mindednes- s, s Teasdale sanpete stake. Editor Exponent:' STAKE. ; co-work- er, M. E. . , . . ' 1 -- . Your sisterand ies " . Ex-TONE- , Lucy Beroland, Hannah Wickman. . .. the-Primar- IIelenaMadsen, r, JUAB hTA K E. - . " yW-e-ha- d j gs, ,; - ra-' - .1 . - - whenso.-seemingly-light-a-'matte- o7;j-?on- .each Xt-lso- n . o-'- creditable manners The interest of the ' dentsTjas been marked: and their behavior hnS" been excellent; the financial "Condition of the Academy is satisfactory. :, - . X 1 . 1 ; Wi ard ( x all an d Joseph whom lias ,per formed: his work ci pa donor should have his or her name recorded in the Temple Rooks. n suit was a total ?t $135 in 'iish, with oiie' Primary, a very isolated on , yet 'to hear from. . ,In theTast year" there has bnju held by the of 1,758, olG lSPrimaries.ith a membership at tendance of 827f" "Meetings," with an average-the' following" exejei.-es- . Select rendering " n r readings. nciiatipns, vvv; essays, 155; dialogues, 40. Funds "dresses, have been eolhetod amounting to $2VJA)1; dis- ayui;sf(l, 8223.3U; OifVhan.l, Sliiy;25. ;:: The, anniversaries, fairs,' joint sessions, Uc, cf. the Primaries are pleasing features connected with the good work- - done by our sisters u)A he 1 'rimarie.. When the pn seiit members of have grown up to maturity, their" places 'being, filled, by their younger brothers and sisters, and thty have taken their places' of trust and 'usefulness in their respective communities, will not those sisters feel well paid for their patient andioving" labors, when- they see those whom they have helped to train "and instruct in the ways of truth, honor their God and take their share of the burdens as-- well as theliTessTngs oF :Jife. ii.AYe .remain, ZIZ Yor sisters in the Gospel, -- promise that each dent Cannon prunounefd the benediction.' e -- 175 " y Sister.- Richards-sai- she was a good listener,-an- d would rather listen to others than to speak herself, butTia'd always tried to live up to the principles of the Gospel "if we have the Spirit of (iod we can bring our minds to do. anything that is required of Latter-daSaints, and we can do many acts of kinduess to those, around us that will gye joy and satisfaction to' ourselves and comfort to others. The frophet of God, Joseph Smith, ,organizerl-the-;Relief"- 8o ciety, and ,ve feel to be. one with our brethren who hold the; Priesthood;" she said she had to live the little things of ,so d y been-tryin- to-da- y .. 