. The Rights Vol. v -- '. ... ,. of (he Women of Zion, and the Rights of the -- ' For the, Exponent. t But, in the tranquil Joy of Tl y control, , The swtef, blest peace of heav'n forever wear THE THREE HISTORIES OF EGERIA. : The following linesarellntended to describe (weakly) the feelings of Mrs. Hemans (who is beautifully portrayed a3''Eferia''4n-,Mis- s Jewsbury's "Three Histories"), en busband-rfirof her st the desertion love, hope and trust, then almost despair and finally resignation.' Under pre tens? of going to Italy for his health, this man, whom 1 cannot deera anything but heartless, left her after six years of wedded life, just before the birth of her fifth son-- he so yo.ung, beautiful accomplished, talented, possessing the finest, grandest, noblest traits peculiar to guileless, derated womanhood 'a being whom any man of noble mind and heart would thank God for the fcright to - protect and ; ' cVrteb.J .. . V"A light ' " .... i. ...rii i ff " - I have found ' f' one to lev -- . - me one whose soul A heart is beating constant; warm and true, That naught can turn it from its path of right, Or change the love that's pure as heaven's own blue. one whose love Burns constantly and true, tho' far away; -Am I not then content? Do things above . Attract nc hence to brighter realms of Dayr is ; Vill not the memory of sweet hours decoy - Sad thoughts that rise and now make sadness mine? Why do I weep? 1 am not so unblest As they whose hearts have never beat whh love, Whose hands have never been by loved ones pressed, Who think of joy as but in beav'n above. . ril. ..' ''o t, Wy son), content thee I T ho1 the past be past And would return no more whh all its joys, . Tho' the bright sun had set, nor to the last Of this brief life shed more of soothing rays Sfci'l, still content thee! Thou hast seen his beams, Not as a star whose b'ght far off doth shine, Not as the dim uncertainty Bui as a sure possession of past time. And should the Father's v ill Call him from earth ere we may meet again, He should be mine, Iris forever still Our pure affection were r.ot given m vein ! Oh, there is joy m this; contentment sweet, 1"hat we shall be united in the end; That griefs shall cease; in heaven we all shall meet, And all b blest, and nonesball lack a frieixl. 1 . Yw, be doth love me 1 and his faithful heart Turns, 83 a compass, to its fcvorte star. - ; tbes, surround him with a fondly part Of that sweet Split shedding peace afcr Afer and ncar'in each pure, "noble soul That bis may know do grief or troubled care. ' -- one wish in my Ob, heaven ! I had but one wish heart all day slumber and re;t in the arms of death, to fly frcm this To . earth away, in of the realms That my spirit might seek, light, a love that is warm and true Bat aome kind angel hath whispered, fence, while it held up my bate to view. -- Bright Hope, who whispers in a soothing strain Of moments when the loved one will be Jboma. more ! po more!'' is ringing in my heart; Oh, dreadful words, that darken deep the soul! But, beyond the earth, "no more", we'll ever 'No more" shall grief oar tender hearts control. Pest rime? Not so i . O, heart unsatisfied, ytarning 6 il! for the flower beyond ' tly grasp, V hy'not ccntent thee in meekness mild with that lamb in thy warro close clasp? Are other loves more worthy of love, more worthy of tears ' ana signs . Than that sweet, pAe blossom of'spotless white, with a heaven of loye in its eyes? weep? .He will return again, mr If nature had but given less The poit's soul within my breast, Then had not this love's tenderness Caused pain and'sadness and unrest. ' Oh, that my blind and foolish heart Could bravely, truly say, farewell, Ancl from earth's love forever part, rilencc ma truer, home to dwelli t . If I have loved too much, dearGcd, And in that love forgotten I liee, Ohgive me strength to kiss Thy rod, And make my soul forever free. -- r , ! to-nig- k't not enough that I have known pure joy, That love hath bathed me in its rays divine? p-r- and thank keav en And wonder again "what cloud so dark can hide all of joy from my view, And why my hcait is so hopeless fed sad, and longing so deeply for rett, V hlle the loving smiles of my babe's dear eyes look gl e- fully up from my breast. " burcTen , their heart arc trae, Is fain-,ereo- . I view my treasures, the hearts that love, Tis sweet to know, tho' far removed from sight, borne in pain, . Unshared, unseen, the grief unmourned, 'Attest how much I've loved in vain. day it smolders within my heart, a gnawing, wearisome thing, All day it darkens the sky of hop, and kills the promise of v spring, that is" Ar.d whTsperr&noysat are tTead for ;'aye7oT-b6p- e -hopeless now, Of lore that is lovele.s and fading and sad, of a cioud that shades my brow. . not my soul content? Doth,, not the vine Of love surround me with its joyous sway? Cannet I rest in faith and trust a time Sure of his safe return, tbo' Ux away? The dreary AH ! tears burtnocked arurscorned7 heouTntn T . ' . I . ,,.' Whose fondest wish is to be mine alone, And God high will obey, and truth dirice. U"by do j ' - -- Deeply and fervently unites with mine; 'Us sweet to know that there ' V Oh, what can calm this dull, (had pain, that throbs at tny ..heart all day, That is only stilled by the buining rain when the river of '' ' tears givea way; '.' . be-as a'er ' Only cooled li:tl to burn as bright and hotly fore ........ When the tear drops cease and ."thought comes tack to darken the spirit more ! .... there, too quenchless for the tomb, of a nobler destiny; earnest Bright Telling of answers in some far-osphere To the- deep souls that find no echo here' is - , - .Np. 19. Oh, bitter, bitter vi'ere the tears That flowed when first this knowledge came, " So lonely loomed the future years 'When love I might no longer claim. . j.. " II. .. , - - ! of.all Xations. 11888. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, MARCH 16. Women I, must love, O, Father kind, While life and being still I claim ! Oh, lead me, guide me ! lame and blind I call upon Thy tender name But 1 Oh, lend me.strength, and draw this love, This vain and, burning love to 'Ihcel And teach my heart to dwell above, And hope but in eternity. is earth, Oh, take me hence me die! Too lonely, lovt less-l- et Few charms are here of any wortli. OIi,! take mc home b.yynd tTTc sky) too-dar- k And yet Thy will be done, not mir.e, But strength, oh, give the weary strength! And make my tender heart all Thine, J haLlmay break earth's chain at length ! . -- How blest to turn in peace above, Still knowing Thee forever true! Thou, Thou canst feel, for I hou art love, ' Ob, aid to bid earth's 'love adieu! V RlBY LAMONT. .' 1 My spotless babe I My sweet, chaste pearl ! If but mightH wear thtt there, OUR PRESENT POSITION. Still eKngingionoTnytltfobl soul fiom care, In times gone by the plural marriage system -, to it then .were- joy die, methinas,'lo leave all tlie Then, Some emwas less regarded than it is tears of earth, braced it but not with the conscientious scruBut while thtu art here, I, too, would remain with my gem ples which, perhaps, have since been made of pricclc worth. when was manifest. 1 he " . to-da- consequence -- j 1!!."" ' My leart ts sad, I scarce know why, But oft the bitter tears will rise. Life seems so void; the bright blue sky . Seems but to shine through grief's dbguiaC. . , " v . So young in years, so old at heart! Joy's Inring beams but wiog their Siht, And call me from life's best to part, That best, dear love's deceiving Tight. ! Thy dimmest r'om hath ucen to me "lir'ght einbk.vi of an augd's fwav'n ! on too much e'tn, now, My heart Tco great the tender burden seems; Though disappointment cloud my brew, 5&J, sliU iatrwle love's glorious dreans. Io-c- s But thtse Kust vanfeh ! kae, ch; leave ! be all tbe rove I've known, If Then come n.u lor.ger to de.eKx Henceforth my heart mutt d veft alone! that, the test came, seme of our brethren and a few of the sisters have proven recreant to their most sacred obligations. Most of the sisters who have embraced this principle, of marriage are willing to make any sacrifice required of them, as a great many have shown since this crusade began, alas! can so much be said for some of the brethren? well for those sisters who have leaned Lord for support the upon I am thankful that there are still men (and they are truly men of God) who dare raise their voices in defence of the right, nay more, who dare to do right, and "let the' con-- , . sapience follow." Women are called the weaker vessel but it often happens that men are the "clinging vine and women are the sturdy oak." This-speak- O, love !.so much I've trusted ;Iwe, So much upon thine altar giv'n y. - s , I would ?ay to tho--- who secrri' to standalone" in ihi th.e trial of their faith, as indeed all must one day stand on tht ir own nuiitsandnot rely on the arm of flesh. Despair not, my sisters, for. the God who repealed this command e . 