21 from.; Mrs. M. Isabella II orne to her family bring word .of her safe arrival in England, and heir .good health, etc. We .are.sure the sisters will be glad to' hear of her safety, and will pray - Lettbrs . . 1 , li - " - l, tEefhorasitwas . - - on oar partfc the two pieces having been sent us on the same paper, and both credited to Miss Carmichael. We regret the error very much in- deed, and especially as the second poem should Not have been separate, and ' entitled, "We Call Thee Chieftain." Jo The Y. L. M. 'I.' A. "'Conference of this Stake assembled June 22nd, in the Assembly Hall, in this city, Mrs. M. A. Freeze presiding. The re- ports by the young lady presidents were given in a very intelligent and pleasing manner,, and-- a is every reason to good spirit prevailed, and-therbelieve the work of improvement is increasing, and that success will crown the labors of those who are so zealously laboring in this field of work for the advancement of the daughters of Zion. In the afternoon addresses were made by Dr. Ed. Isaacson, Mrs. E. B. Wells, Mrs. E. S. Taylor Mrs. Mary P. Young and Mrs. M; A. Freeze, and an adjournment was taken until September. e - (. . . The Relief Society Conference of this Stake was held in the Assembly Rooms of the 14th ward, in this city, June 21st, Counselor E. o. .Taylor presiding. There was a good attendance, and verbal reports from nearly ail the wards were given, which occupied most of the time. ' In the afternoon, however, Mrs. Emily S. Richards, - Delegate from Utah to the International Council and Convention of N. W. S. A. in Washington, gave a brief review of the representation, and re lated some incidents in her experience with the' ,.' ladies who assembled there, both of the Council and the Convention, which followed soon after. This was a new feature of the conference, and was especially interesting to the audience. Mrs. Richards has an uncommon good voice, and a charming, way of telling things; there is no doubt she madfe a good impression among the ladies of that grand Council, and it is a point in favor of the women of Utah, that they were so ably re- ported, and by one whose voice could penetrate the most remote part of the large hall where the Council was held. At the close of the conference Counselor Taylor addressed the Sisters on' practical matters pertaining to the organization, and in a most earnest and effective manner exhorted all to diligence and faithfulness. Conference was ad journed until September. THE NECESSITY OF PRAYER. I fully realize that the unexpected duties the young daughters of Zion are frequently called upon to perform, remind us that we should always be prepared, and without we live prayerful lives We are different to the world; they have no revelation to guide them, which we claim to have, and if we 'write or say anything that is not according to truth and righteousness, those who are over us feeing placed there by the Lord) can soon detect am error, and so can those ,n tRe Church who may read and learnwhat we say, for those who do right all see eye to eye. Let us pray for our brethren and sisters who are oyer us in the Lord, who are ever on the watch- . tOWpr. J - 5 anu lt 15 a t .f fnr to fc aiC lUiUJ lw- uu pieasant t-- J 1 ; -- onto the truth, for, - . E. Kimball. ' True womanhood defined, implies virtue ' and purityiJove and friendship, truth and sympathy- grace and refinement, modesty and intelligence. Though" her sphere may seem humble,yet she can -- - would be better to fall and rise," And limp with an aching sore, Than backward slide with downcast eyesj From tlie bliss which is in store." -- : ; -- r those around her, and not for self alone. the souls of men, To form It is hers the characters of future generations. . Mary A. Freeze. The power of the world lies in her Hands. She a iiiatv. a paiauiut ui utioo, iui iuv. j CAUTION. tion of the Gods; or she may make it an abode of shame and misery, the haunt of evil spirits and . Let him that thinketh he stamleth take heed, lest he demons. 'Tisher privilege, in the holy order of . fall ist Cor., x. 12. matrimony, to bless the earth with pure, noble Law-mWere not these the words of our Great spirits. More government lies in her hands than the opposing all the kingdoms, republics, monarchies and Giver, who at an early age 1 ; power? dynasties on earth combined. Consisting in the the when did What Herod say shepherds training and'moulding of the characters of those heralded forth the news of a Savior's birth? He recious- souls that God has entrusted into her said, "Search diligently for the young child and ;are. r or wnicn sne win receive rewara or pun. him istiment accordingly; And what is'there on earth bring me word, that I may go and worship all and was JerusaHerod' troubled, also." Then more angelic tnan a pure, moaest, cnaste, virtu lem with him, : ... , ousbenevolent intelligent woman? Or what is But there was another power, the power which more (disgusting, than a haughty, proud, petulant, birth'. this informed'the shepherds of His By they shrewish, selfish, demoralized, one ? Jt is a duty were warned oi God in dream not to return to that each woman owes to her family and to society to be - cheerful and pleasant, courteous and Herod; they departed into. their own country another way; also. Joseph and His mother were friendly, neat and cleanly in her personal habits. warned.to take the young child and flee into Egypt .Paying some regard to the cultivation of taste ' "And be thou there until I bring thee word, for and refinement. Being careful and choice of the Herod will seek the young child to destroy him." language she uses at all times. Yet it is by no On following up this history, we find the op. means her duty to keep up with the times in reposing power continually on the alert to gain its gard to fashion. No true woman can afford to do 'point; consequently the Savior's words were, that at the risk of aeglecting the moral, intellectu "Watch and pray," and again T say unto you al and religious training of herself andiajmifyT Life is not long enough for much spare time. She "Watch." Since these are" the last. days we are is no need of must make the best use of'it possible and then prayer. living in, vyho can saylhere do which learn will who Those power eventually perhaps at the'end"of mortality we may see much left undone. they aid. Do not we learn from holy, writ that our mission on this earth is to learn . both the evil Each young lady should have her model selected from the noblest of God's daughters, who have and the good.- Did' not our mother Eve dp sign done a good work on earth, emulating their good this, when she partook of the forbidden fruit? I often think the two great powers called good qualities and omitting all. evil. Living, as we do, and evil, are like the two great elements fife and; in a time when the gospel is restored to earthin full power, we are expected to shine with far more water. It is often "remarked '"they are both good servants, but hard masters. Yetr how well toth ""brilliant lustre than we otherwise would be, and we will be held accountable thrice over for the can be utilized and brought to accomplish great which" time we use to no good. And an hundredfold God. has given to things by the wisdom mankind. punishment will be given us for the time we spend in idle gossip and the many evils resulting there You know water will readily quench fire when from. "But let our conversation' be yea, yea, nay in the ascendancy; and again, fire will drive. water into steam, and send it through space when this nay." That is to treat of facts, ''for what is more than that cometh of evil." In all our social circles advantage is taken. Accordigly, notice the con. let each one strive, or aim, to gain a higher plane flict, and what do we see? Two great powers of intelligence. Never for one moment; encouragelements. - Now see how beneficial the when brought under control. Our steamships ing the least thought of vulgarity, much less to and railroads and any amount of machinery is run give utterance to the same. Society is necessary in its own place, but like all other good, it has its by fire and water. Our Bishop says this great uses and abuses, either to exalt or to deprave., wisdom is given us "because we are so near the millennium or thousand years of rest. Again, true woman will not live for immediate surroundings. It is hers to visit homes of the Well, since man has been given so much wisdom in matters of science, what may notour Father do poor and afflicted, the outcast and despairing, and -in her benign way impart words of comfort and . who is at the head of all science? '' to-re- ar " , 111 1 111. 1 et ; - . I . - -- in-th- re-su- ese it ". I ' WHAT CONSTITUTES A TRUE WOMAN. ' "It . M. Salt Lake City, June 22, 18SS. blessinsrs. and desire to'"endure to the end," for the reward that is in store for us. , We have noble" examples to copy from; the mothers in Israel, with tlje 'daughters in" Zion," are doing all they can to inspire us to serve-- the Lord, that ve may, with His help, fulfil our duties. Then, may we pray for true courage in holding .. - . we cannot do right. 1 1 ; , . . - " Car-michae- ... . t t J think tie will be able to. bring me iwo great powers called good"and evil into use, and to His advantage, as easily as man can do by fire and water. Did He not say He would make the wrath' of man to praise Him, and- - the remainder He would Restrain ?' ; Never let us, then, be found ixj'lnurmur or com- plain pf the trials we are called to pass through, only be ready to meet tnem with lortituae ana a composed mind feeling an assurance that the hand of God is in it all, and for a wise, purpose. A revelation was given through the Prophet Joseph Smith, saying, ''The Lord is angry with none except. those who do not acknowledge His hand in all things." " duty for us. The most of the world are .against us1, as they have always been against the' Church . . r L li .1 C A .it. uyiug eacni oiner, ji uuu, au ici us loe menus to to overcome everything wrong," that we may be as what undershe she that accomplish may for her, .theujvise virginsV- - having li- - oil- - ia Jo u r to her viz., for, the gather took genealogy, journey lamps, not copying after the 'world. should, and return home to perform her labors n the in secret. Pavid prayed in, secret seven pray, ' ' ' ' times a day. If we ask for wisdom, the Lord Temple. The poem, "I Will Answer For My People,", "will giv it liberally'. to4 those who ask "in faith, and when we need His help to- perform any duty published in June ist of the .Exponent, 'and we shall. have His 'Spirifto guide u. , i 'attributed to the gifted poetess, ' Sarah E. Are we not greatly blessed when we think oh we' have since been "informed wastha production' of Mrs. Ida Sutherland, formerly oh thesetruths? Our hearts reioir.e. and we feel like scouting lor joy; Even those of us who are per- this city. We make this correction in justice to . ' 