WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 132 WOMAN s EMMELISE ; Published one copy one year, B. l: -- vvhy?-Ech- Editor. WE'LL,- - semi-montbly- L 82.U0;- in Salt La ke.City, Utah Terms: one copy' six months, 81.00. Ten rnnto fnr ihn nrlrfl of nine. Advertising rates: Each square,' ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, ?2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. v Exponent office, No. 25 E., South Temple Street, second gate east of Deseret News Office: Business hours from 10 a.in -- to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, f' Salt Lakk City.JJtah. Salt Lake City, ted inthe eternaL worlds. The gift of tongues hands of the women of Utah is rendered null and ..was ma.nlfest'ia blessing, and interpretations were -- void.- And answers," "Why given, and it was a time of refreshing from on is no good or valid reason. There may have been high. Singing, "The Spirit of God," etc., and a a political reason known to those who were inwas pronounced, and the sisters dis. strumental in making 'tjie demand or request, but, benediction we persed, deling comforted and strengthened by the by what right, except that Vmightis right," loving" words and the outpourings of the Holy" fail to comprehend." But the' object sought by ' ; Spirit. , those who anticipated , place and power by these and Minerva W. Richards Snow Sisters Jane S. small tneans,hzs not been attained and never will be left the company before the meeting commenced, It was most illiberal and unjust to take from the as duty called them in another direction. and women of Utah, this right to The Woman's Exponent extends heartfelt it will never further the ends which it was de- congratulations to Sister Zi na D. H. Young and signed" to compassT When Utah becomes a the Sister Jane S. Richards on having attained-tState, with all the freedom that Statehood implies wishes for and each three Score and more years the Legislature will, no doubt,confer upon women of days, prosperUy, honors, and equal political rights and privileges of citizeriship. - of them length that experience' that will fit and prepare them, for celestiarglory and happiness in the great PVbruary i, 1888. o . self-protectio- n, o A DELIGHTFUL A VICTORY The women of Washington Territory are rejoicing in full suffrage, given them by law, and the bill granting it signed by Governor Semple On the This makes three timt's 19th jof January 1888. that the Legislature of that Territory have voted for Woman Suffrage:- First paed alaw in 1883, and the women voted under it. Governor Squire of that Territory, i n 1 884 said of theI aw in his report to the Secretary of the Interior. the approval of-- a Itjneets-wit- h the people and the. women of the. territory are for the most part, strongly desirous that the enactmeutje retained upon our Statute books." Republicans and Democrats inserted in their platforms the declaration that "the elective franchise should not be denied to any citizen on account of sex." The Democratic platfprm "recommended that women should be released' from compulsory jury duty." Legislature reaffirmed the lawand "the women voted in increasing numbers." In February 8S6, after- the women had voted three years and a half, the Supreme Court of that Territory pronounced the law invalid, on the ground that the nature of the bill must be described in the title, and that the women suffrage bill had been headed only, "An Act to Amend Section of "An Act to Enfran- "chise Women." The Legislature has now given this law an explicit title. The new law states that, "women are exempted from jury duty." This-nv- ay or may not mean that are they ineligible;according to the interpretation civen to the law. While nermitted tn sprvp n; jurors it is said they, gave complete satisfaction Teng "both competent and conscientious." In n Wyoming the same testimony given over and over. Governor Ames of Massachusetts,' and Governor Larrabee of Iowa, have both recommended municipal suffrage for women in their inaugural addresses this year. This is a fact worthy of j;e cord.--" Amunici pal womalTsuffraEre "bill his been introduced into both Houses of the New York ' Legislature. C In Mexico women are making great progress though it is such a conservative country, and where women are coming to the front in medicine and surgery and in the literary field, it proves that the spirit of woman's- - advancement is abroad in the world,and the good seed sown among many nations is beginning'to spring up, and we doubt not will bea'r both blossom and fruit in 'the good time ' coming." Meanwhile patience is a virtue that must be cultivated by some, at least,(or here in. Utah where women had voted for seventeen years with the best possible results, forsooth aHratonceT'by" one fell blow" the axe descends; the law which had been passed, the bill with a complete heading that had been signed and sealed according to Territorial Statutes, was annulled, and without redress or'process of law of any kind,the ballot in the - -- - rge-majority-of 1 - ; Art-7,"ins- tead j has-bee- ... GATHERING. FOR WOMEN. About thirty ladies assembled ip the parlors of Mrs? Phebe Y. Beattie, on Tuesday, Jan: 31st, to celebrate the anniversary of the birthday of Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, familiarly known as Aunt Ziha throughout these valleys of the mountains. Sister .Young was born in 1821, and has reached the age of 67 years. Many loving tributes were paid to her by those present, almost every one speaking TnTowTngelrjasfrKer. genuine" worth and goodness of heart. It was also the anniversary of the birth of another of the pioneer women of Zion Mrs. Jane S. Richards and one, who among the sick, the desolate, the afflicted j.nd the sorrowful has also been a helper and comforter in both words and deeds. After some hours spent in genial conversation, delicious refreshments were handsomely served to the invited guests of the day, and the hostess, Mrs. Beattie, in a very pleasing manner, alluded to the happy"occasion that had brought together so many" derfriends,"Tn7dhominated "Aunt Presendia" the elder sister of the honored one as Chairman of an informal meeting, which was agreed to by all present. Sister Ps L. Kimball t graciously accepted the honor conferred, and gave out the hymn, "O, my Father," etc, Prayer was offered by Sister M. I. Home. Aunt Presendia spoke in terms of admiration of her sister Zina; thought it would be impossible to say too much for her; also alluded to the women of this Church who had borne the heat and burden of the day and proved faithful Mother Whitney, Sister Eliza, Sister Marinda Hyde and others. Referred to her labors- - with them; felt to of JosepJi SmitlQhe-PropeVwwere now living; loved and honored them. Aunt Zina appreciated all the loving tributes, etc. 'Desired to live worthily, and to do good in her day, and be a blessing to her associates. Sister R--. R. Grant spoke eloquently of Aunt Zina, Mother Whitney and Sister Eliza, and al luded to'.rfcfreshingjseasons e past; enjoyed the society of the sisters and the spirit and influence that prevailed when. all were united as on the present occasion. Sister Emily D. P. Young expressed herselT strong in the faith of the Gospel, and not dis coumged with trials; had seen many changes knew the principles taught by Joseph Smith were eternal, and exhorted all to prove faithful. Sisters E. S. Taylor, E. J. Stevenson, S. M. Kimball,M. Burnham. B. W. Smith, E. B. Wells, E. R. Shipp, M. D., M. A. Freeze, F. Y. Thatcher,' P. Y Beattie, M. C. Shipp, M. D., Julia C. Howe, C. Horrocks, L. D. Alder, Ann Groesbeck, m! Y. Dougal, Etta Ellerbeck, Annie Watson and M. I. Home each made brief congratulatory, JilejSS-lheLwive- s . A BOUQUET. My subject matter is a Bouquet, or collection of words, which should become $ part of the study and the attributes .of. a child, as- - they develop into manhood or womanhood. They are," viz.: Staminat Habit Order, Obedience and Harmony. " .STAMINA- fo 1- To write an article for the paper requires some stamina, and to read an article' to an audience reTo deny ourselves o quires more stamina. pleasure, to fulfill a promise, requires stamina. To do just right, when very .much tempted to do wrong, requires stamina. To get up early on a very cold frosty morning to perform duties, requires stamina, and when a youth is desirous of qualifying himself or herself, for any noble purppse or position, to accomplish it will require a great deal of stamina. Sometimespwhen temptations beset us, to say the little word no with emphasis, when we would very much like to say yes, requires stamina. Well, what do I meam by stamina? A fixed, determined purpose (not stubbornness), unmoved, unshaken, possessing a support, a strength a solidity. Some people are like a piece of cloth, that is deficient both in warp and woof, they-hav- e no stamina. G eorge Washington, whe a asked by his father, "Who cut down the cherry tree?" possessed sufficient stamina to say, l'l cut down the tree, father; I cannot tell a lie!" Now, let us stick to our text all through life, and let our works show that we have the stamina that characterized a Napoleon Bonaparte, when he wanted his troops to ascend the AIds. and they had: halted : at difficulties ; he says, "On on my . . brave boys." If your head pains you and your lessons are tedious, sleep, and try again, and you will be astonished to see how the brain has awakened by I.e?tan-- sleep. ..You should s eldom stop at obsta l cles, but strive to surmount themr and prove thereby that you possess some stamina. If you have not succeeded your effort will have given you a degree of experience, and by it a strength that will.aid you in another encounter, perhaps more difficult, which you' could not have accomplished had it not been for the previous learned lesson. Like the tree, with every additional blast and bluster the roots reach out and cling closer to their, mother earth, and the tree still grows lofty and s majestically and the earth beneath. Now, by your stamina and magnanimous course you have attained to the stature of manhood and womanhood; you nQw are able to bless the rod by which you were chided, and kiss the chastening; hand. ; 1 1 ; in-th- The absent ones were not forgotten, those who had proved their integrity unto the end and passed away from our sight, and the fervent wish was expressed thai all present might prove worthy and attain to the same exaltation, and be associa- - ii ' :'-- -- . over-look- ' ' HABIT. ; . .What can we say of it? Like unto stamina; if possessed, it also isas important a trait of character. If a person becomes accustomed to eat just " such a time of day, or justuch an hour each day, 