rf--- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 22 encouragement; which is as divine a mission as to bind the bleeding : wounds of the soldiers after a battle. Even to .bind the' wounded hearts that droop and die around us every day. ..Who by one kind word might take courage and resolve to - become useful in doing good on earth. Thas she ' might prove herself to be ; f have a James Thomas noble Bishop with as mothers,. have some quiet alone to read think and plan for ourselves and our children-'know for my part that I need to study and pray continually, in order to comply with the many neipiin mnispauout nouseKeeping ana work that must be done, both temporally and V practical plans to lighten la oor, as well as spiritually, but yet with ray management there sensible suggestions on- - all su bjects of interest have been years in which I have riot had hardto ' to and ieel inclined add a ly any.rest or slep, haying been so wives mothers, I ,"Yet a spirit still and bright, little-f- or some-oOof benefit that my body actually could not rest, and then With something of an angel Light." ' busy women, who partake at odd interval of the children., needed some "assistance, and "I She must also keep her home bright and cheery. the wholesome0 mental dishes served by the never felt like imposing upon their right, for " Be pleasant and companionable to her family. Exponent. Especially do 1 wish to address my conscience would not allow me to rest, but with household cares, to attend to my duty toward them, and their those who are Thus might she keep her father and ' from too to haunts of like myself, brothers", her husband and sons poor keep help, and yet by tender feelings; thus, my time and hours of in-- to nature her vice and corruption, and, by wielding "y always willing ' work, even to overrest have often, been postponed altogether.- holy self.-.-wirLhack-th- e . one's work lost fiuencein-theto how to use and I have yet a lesson righLdirection. learn, l I have read, and will never forget,: that not waste my time and strength, and have ones to light and love. Then let us say no more that woman has no work to do, no mission to per- J woman's life is an endless warfare with work, learned that it never pays to overwork our and it overcomes us at last. This has led me nature; system, order aud truthfulness are 'all ' form! Let men boast of their strength and power, to thinking folly of giving up to the important, nor can we hope to plant such habits yet the world could not progress one step farther ' .3 J .i : ,i minus oii? our. suns to ourselves in ine and a work, doing great injustice ami uaugnters without the aid of woman. And though she, in except all with-and others our in be will keeping up might by good.J examples; these remembered the estimation of law is placed below negroes and until overcomes and this it not us; contest, we must this' lesson that finally forget Chinamen still she has a powerful influence for longer yet ' how the result, that when at must be taught at the fireside, as well as in our unsatisfactory good if 'tis but wielded in the right direction is done, the best that may . be work last our own home, and this is the experience which I I would say to the daughters of Zion, be humble house-- , will us said a .was .model: .''She be, of; have drawn from rthe foregoing: We are roband prayerful in order to retain the Holy Spirt to keeper." When I was a young housekeeper I bing our own children and ourselves of what direct our minds our words our deeds, that we did not have much to keep house with,, like is worth far more to them and us than we can may be worthy the name of true, noble, women. many others in early days; we had to work-har- d estimate. Let us beware, lest we put cleanliof God, ':.'daughters to get things to keep house with; work ness before Godliness. ' In regarding this ques Truth. ; with energy of mind and body. In those days tion in a pure predicted light, it certainly does there was not much, piano playing or buggy not pay to allow bur consciences to absorb our ' PRIMARY CELEBRATION. riding, though I do not begrudge any one their whole time and strength. The broken health of the mother of a home and family; involves, pleasure. Editor Woman's Exponent: I do not wish to be understood as advocating sometimes, years of increased expense, and, in any. unjust claim in these regards, but only many directions beside, the inevitable loss from As Montpelier is seldom heard from,I thought I wish to draw a line between essentials, and nonwaste and mismanagement. would write a few lines in behalf of pur Primary line an as it essentials; imaginary mustbe, If we are immoderately fond of our houseAssociation, which is progressing under the able each of us can best decide for ourselves what keeping during the first years of our children management of Sister Ann Bunney, who labors is in our homes. At the time -- to -- which I reby the time they have reached the learning unceasingly in its interests ; she, with the help of fer, sometimes, circumstances, my permitted pointepbetween youth and maturity, we are. her assistants, is doing much good among the me to have a girl to help me. In these latter broken-down- , fretful invalids, totally unfitted children. Teal with recall work the hard I pain to bsto them what We should wish to be, tiieir On the morning of the ist of June there might years have done. This lesson has given me companions-an- d that I helpers through this ery-imwith childhave been seen some gains for my loss; one of them is the true can we period of their lives, and-ho- w portant ren and accompanied by a number of the parents view of the question of what part of my work that we are doing our duties as mothers? on our way to the Preston Grove, where we met is really necessary to the general welfare of say as well as Sons, daughters, are safest who make with the P reston Primary Associaton for the purmyself and - family, and what other part may confidents of mothers; they-wido if mothers "of "President pose of celebrating" thebirthday be omitted takes work of more Indispensible ' have taken time to listen to their wants, and Brigham Young. my time than 1 can afford to give. taken a lively interest in their affairs, great It was especially planned for the enjoyment of ' would ask like I and small. This is one investment that pays. myself, 'my sisters, who, -the"children, and allwho participated enjoyed , perhaps , have been severely taught mentally ' R. Pond. themselves very much and morally at the same time, give ourselves Eagle Rock, Idaho, $Iay 18, 1888 The forenoon exercises consisted of songs, some" rest, even if less work is done- - It sterns recitations and dialogues from the children, which often to arise in my mind as a complete queswere all rendered in a very creditable manner; tion, as we have been gifted with one, five, or R. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. ten talents, havewe any light to bury-theSNOWFLAKE STAKE. and Bro. Osborn. or should we not try to improve these talents children the for of time which our Heavenly Father has given Unto us? Then came a The quarterly conference-othis Stake was feasting I admit that I have not used or improved my. held at Suowflake June 1st, 1888, Prest. on the good things prepared for them. talent as I ought, and should have done, but Emma S. Smith presiding. The afternoon was spent in swinging, fishing, there are excuses, under- circumstances in Sisters Sarah Driggs; Emily J. Lewis, Mary games, children running we sometimes which are A. Standifird and Mary J. West made instrucraces for candy, etc. placed through life, where We cannot always help ourselves; we tive remarks on various subjects of interest, t Everything went off very pleasantly, and at five should Jemima W. Smith was set apart as Stake try to manage our talents, and brighten o'clock all prepared to return home, after having ' refine and and our duties we Treasurer by Prest. JessN. Smith. Statistical ourselves, religious spent a very enjoyable day. " ' must not and financial reports were then read. The neglect. Almira Holmes, Sec. It is Vise to give a large share of bur lime officers of the Stake and of the different ward Montpelier, Idaho. to the preparation for our future treasury for societies were presented and sustained by a our spirit, and it is also right to make our unanimous vote. WOMAN'S VOICE. Bros. Joseph H. Richards and Lorenzo H. home as comfortable with our children as possiExble as lies in our power, but yet, if we in the Hatch also addressed the conference. Editor Exponent: doing of all this, consume the time that should pressed pleasure in meeting with the sisters, Once more I take up the pen to give a few be usedin sleep, are we doing our highest duty and felt grateful for the good spirijt that had items to sisters and friends, which I hope may towards ourselves and family?- This life seems prevailed. Counseled the mothers to the principle of faith. find room in some of my sisters' and friends' to me toe short for uS to be so largely given up that-th- e the to Prest. S. Smith made a few closing Emma of Saints the see requirements up hearts,-- that they may body. If parents would but place this matter before their childremarks, after which conference. adjourned for here are yet alive. as ren since winter they grow up, that they might .do better six months. .. Singing. Benediction pronounced Thp weather has been pleasant left us, tnough we had a very bitter cold winter. than we have done, instead of gaining worldly , by Prest. Jesse N. Smith. The Saints up here are trying to live the princi- - wealth, that perishes with the flames. And in I) ella Fish, Stake Secretary. order we that be is may prepared to satisfy our vples ot their religion, uur Kenei society minds and hearts with wholesome food we enterthe in behind not well. We are EMERY STAKE. .doing r must take we for tiwe, The prise of human intelligence in this place; proper remedy in our duties; conference of the Relief have the Y. L. M. I. A. meetings every week, if we don't clothe our soulsand body in accord Society of Emery Stake was helcf Friday, and we also have the Primary. Association. We we are placed under more suffering; we must, April 20, 1888, at Castle Dale. his Counselors," who visit our meetings and give us good instructions. Having found in our .Woman's Exponent I . . -- . over-worke- d - the-possi- ble i ' he ; ''-'- ' ' - over-loade- d . " - .: ; , of-th- e " -- , , . -- -- -v- ed fifteen-vehiclesyoad- ll ' , . , -- alsopptpriate-peeheromrsfeop-Dalryrapl- e; m, . ... f . boat-ridin- g, ball-playin- g, - ... ' . teach-theirchildre- . semi-annu- al " . n 