17 . T,-- K T' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ami means of :;for tbe dependent women who renounce polygamy acd the children of such women of tender age 'and for the purpose pfexttnguish- - Jlmployment -- self-suppo-rt : j"ptfjiWwit.tI,e fol,owiDS Classes may also be; deceived to VFiTiC First or legal wives 4 ecpnd. ; Women and girls with polygamous scrroundtngs fa danger of being coerced into 'CjJ'J'T::-'.- trd.. .,;('Girls"..oil polygamous parentage jSflifoBi tq escape;from polygamous influences. puryBWpmen rancid girls who . have, been; rpscjytedsewh ory in , Ignorance of the existence there of poly- - "For aiding ia the work of said association for lb& present f fiscal year, including the institution who desire to ;ygfmaBeoyJfemoVe--frbm:.saiTerritory, $4,000. U tah shall Commission hereafter act as the I Said aboard of control- - oyer : said assodation, both in 1 the erection of said building and in the conduct M ihe work of the association hereafter. jpSatdUtah Commission shall audit all expendi tures'' of said association tinder ianyapprppria tloni herejn of hersafter made, and shall make an -- eanual report to Congress covering their expendi- tares and?? work hereunder, together with that of transporta-S$frJmnate.s--of;th- . e. - i 1:501 Mrs Ann Ef Coombs fancy hair work, $1:50; IrX EHxaGettiriiyde, in the 78th curtains, year of her age, and the only work of the kind she had ever done, knit table cover, $i.co; Mary E. home-mad- e Jensen, cotton material, t i.Go, knitted curtain, hQmimade-materk- lt lx.5o Mrs." Ercracembroidered blanket $t.oo, skirt, $ i.oo ; Mrs. Wm, Grosbeck, handsomest fire; screen,. $2.00, embroidered table scarf, $2.00; Mrs. M. E. Westcott, Russian embroidery; $1.00, Spanish embroidery, fclop; Mrs. F. G. Young, toilet set, 70 cts., lady's crocheted skirt, $ L$ar lady's fascination, $ 1 .00 ; .MtsS. j. Bement, 20 yds rag carpet, 1 1:50; Alice Fletcher, door jmat, 50 cts.; card basket, 50 cts.; Mrs. P. M. 'Staines, handsomest embroidered table cover, 5.100, handsomest painted scarf, 50 cts. ; Mrs. E. Grenig, patchwork quilt, diploma and $1.00; Mrs. . MC; Kimball, knitted lace, $1.00, hearth ru'75 bed-liprea- d, for-infan- cts,; MrsAllen Lvinsddisplay)f-mach,in-e i t, workr-- these earnest workers bade adieu to each other- Ifmay be for year's and it may be forever," in this life a feeling of sadness crept in, despite the melodious strains of "Home, Sweet ,IIomex" that-stillingered in our ears. But wilh,the charac- eriMie-fortitu- -- 01 paiKJQ states." ioe same snail reveri -;:- 10 r.. fi-:"-"" taucu inc ; : ; - Know it, love .t. acfit brave'v f U'hercsoe'eFthe path may2,jaf; Thus obtaining greatest pleasure, And at last the tiehest meed. N E.Tl S; M D,; STAKE PRIMARY FAIR. Dear Editor: We felt a desire to state through the columns d of our Valuable paper, the great, success we had Tti ourlSeyief S Last Spring, before "paying our annual visit to the difierent associations, we decided to hold fairsand concerts in the several districts of the Stake, in order that the children might have an opportunity of visiting their: Fair and seeing their articles, which they had made. So, consequently, while traveling around, we made our desires known to presidents and children, which pleased them very much, and we, promised to see all of them, if circumstances would permit. The first Fair was held in Glenwood, on Sept. 13th and 14th, with Richfield 1st and 2nd Ward, special premium ; Btrtha Parsons ceedlewprk rl AVallsburg and Vermilion . I n the evening they 15 years old or Inder gold medal special j gave a concert. To name all the articles would , premium; Mrs. P. M. Staines, mantle lambrequin,! be impossible. The furniture from the boys was $i.ob; MrsJennie Burton, 23 articles of fancy excellent; a secretary table and clothes-hors- e skirt, home-- : would have done credit to Work, 2.oo- - Ivate Weiler, hand-knlaiger boys; also the made 'material, special premium ; M, Thomas, i s of plain sewing, fancy- - work, knitdisplay . needlework, $ 1.00; Augusta ; McEwan, home-made tfaw hat, trimmed and ting, and a oriental rug, diploma; Mis. Ardelle Cummings, all by a small girl, showed wonderful industry on home-mad- e dress, $70. White Sewing Machine,, the part of the girls cakes and cooking of all leg special premium; Emma West, hand-kn- it were descriptions. ,JWe Seated tpan ppemta gings, home made material, $2.00, special pre 2nd of the Ward Richfield by (Grandma's Birthmittens, $2.00, mium; Annie Bird, hand-kn- it day), which we enjoyed very much speeial premium; Rachel Tanner, 3 pair hand-knOn the 17th we started for Salina, where, on the shawl, socks, 55.00, special premium, hand-kn- it iSih, the Associations of Redmond, Aurora and io, special premium; Mrs. S. E. Karrick, emSalina were represented. 0 Here also, we were broidered slippers, $r.oo; Alice Fletcher, worsted much surprised at the many articles made by hood, $1.00; Miss A. C.Robjnson, darned knitted' such small boys and girls ; also the vegetablesan- d2.oo ; Mrs. Dr. Benedict, carriage curtains, cooking were excellentand such delicious fruits afghan, $2.00; Mrs. Burns, wool bedspread, home we scarcely thought Sevier County could prpduce; material, : i.oo ; Mrs. Kapukine, display straw, but as we were at a large standing looking goods, diploma; M. Mellen Howells, wax flowers, cabbage, our hearts were made sad," for we wre $1.90; Mrs. V. Einarson pictures cut with scis, told that the little boy who raised it had died. sors, diploma; Mrs. Ann- Hawkins, patchwork Tears started to our eyes, and weYelt to say, "In quilt," by a lady 83 years old, $2 00. themidet ot lite we are in death." God bless his poor mother. The concert in the evening was OBSTETRIC SCHOOL. good, but we werr somewhat disappointed in not seeing more Primary children perform. From there we went to Elsinore, and on the 2pth The Summer class in midwifery held closing, the Associations of Monroe,. Inverury, Anabella, exercises at Dr. E. R. Shipp's office, No. 16 Main St., on the 22nd of September, when a number of Joseph and Elsinore were represented.! As we entered the pleasant meeting house, and saw the the ladies passed most satisfactory examinations, and received certificates of study signed by Drs. long rows of different kinds of work,both by boys H. J. Richards and A. S.' Bower. .The names of and girls, a large table of cakes, pies, butter, the successful candidates are as follows: MrsJ honey, etc., we thought surely we were blessed, Adela Eardley and Mrs. M. J. Thompson, of and as we turned to 4he. left and saw a handsome Salt Lake City, Mrs. Dina Backman, of Hunts-villrug, made by the Elsinore Primary Association Weber Co., Mrs. Fannie C. McQueen, of and presented to Sister Heppler, our feelings could not be expressed, and tears of thankfulness Emma Smith, Cedar City, Preston, r Idaho,-Mrs, filled our eyes, and we thought how each little Iron Co., and Miss Martha C. Hovey, Millv-He' heart beat with fond expectation, as they plied the ; V" Cache Co. In the evening the students and teachers, with needle. Oh, how much pleasure there is in trying a few ehosen friends, enjoyed a feast of music, to make others happy. In the evening-wwere treated to a social and intelligent converse , delicions ice very: fine, cpneert by the children-- . of different the all the delicacies of the wards,rand an operatla; (' Conquered cream, cakes, fruits, and by Kindness"), from the Elsinore Ward, which season, parting at the- close wilhningled feelings was splendid; also a touching address by a little', of satisfaction and regret, rejoicing oyer the culmination of their hopes, after so many months of girl to Sister Heppler, which ' moistened many an earnest endeavor to preparethemselves for lives eye in the audience, and we felt to say, "God bless " : of usefulness. But as "there is no rose without a; 7 the dear children !" y a thorn," neitbe r is the re one satisfactbry'esperi"; 1 From there-w- e 7started for home : rested a few ence' wilbour an. accompanying ;regret. a So as days and .then7 commenced our journey over the ; iploma ;2 Le n a ; B rarting, embroidered-icusbip- n $1.00; Mrs. Kapukine, display of fancy work, diploma; M F. Costello, fancy work basketL$i.oo; Mrs. Ivins, quilt by lady ovepr 70 years old. $z.oo; Mrs. B7S. Long, display fancy articles, diploma; Persis L. Young, knit wool shawl, $1.50; Mrs. A. Wm. Carter,; Cummings, lamp shade, 50 cts.; child's afghan, 2,oo ; Mrs. Ferguson, Kensington; T, P. Eldr'edge, homeI embroidery, i i.eo ; Irs. made boy's suit, $65 Domestic Sewing Machine, special premium ; Mrs. M. 1. Howels, wax fruit, dipioraa; Grace Taylor, hpmemade , quilt, Jio, , j -- by-gi- -- it j TERRITORIAL FAIR. The Fair for the Territory of Utah was held in the new and bandsomerick building, erected for Ihe purpose of the display, on the l entn ward Square. The Fair was a vry creditable showing horses, and almost "every kind of exhibit that the Territory: Affords. !n limited spacetave It would be impossible ' . details, of all, but we shall try to mention the .. . ladies' work. In class A we find Mrs; S. K. Stanley received silver medal for display of crackers ; Mrs. S. II- Barton for 25 lbs. butter, the speciarl premium of -Izij Kate Mc'AlHster, exhibit of bread, diploma Alice Fletcher, two loaves of bread, $5 00. Class C. Mrs. P. Jennings, collection of pluras . diploma ; Mrs. John Reading, floral designs, silver medal;, Miss A. Balto, disylayof pickles, diploma; -- Mrs.'M. Clawson, tomato.catsup, $1.00 Class M. iss ; Caroline Monson, hand-kn- it shawl, $ 10 ; socks; $5.00 ; leggings," $2.03 ; mittens, $2.00. Iar thelexhibit of ine Arts, Class ,P, we find any of the coatributors are ladies, as would be, of CQursei naturally expected. M iss E. Jennings (original) water color picture, silver medal ; Need- (original) pencil drawing, silvermedal,-Mi- ss 1; crayon drawings, silver medal, Miss Rlch- "irdi ; 'colored photo, silver medal. Miss Kate Wells ; 1 display - handpainted china, $5.00, Mrs. J. H. Moyle; collection water color painting, gold ofa11inds of produce, cattle, - 1 ; " 'vilti; yedaj,'Miss Gorlinski. S pedal premiums, oil painting, by lady under twenty-onyears ; (toilet set, $25), Miss Bently; 'L?edmeyafree-handdrwi.ni- :, $i5,;Miss Gorlinski. 'Class SI Ladies work. Sarah E. Karrick, needlework and netting, 5i.oo;Mrs.rE .,Scrace, artificial flowers,, i.oo; Lucy Gray; quilt bj4 girl .under i4Vyears, diploma;;Aunt Betsy Free, 80 years, 3 pairs mitts, $1.06, pincushion, Edith Smith, pillow shams, $1.00, rick rack e pit-lure- s, c9. : dfeerjchUf;$ r.ooJ' Mrs . , it -- e, . ' L e - -- John ;Moyle,;, niited t. ...... ' to dnty, and. each mentally resolved ;o,; Tmany-arlicle- And. (he Senate agree to the same. l ofthesewomen de . 'Said "Industrial Christian Home Association of Utah Territory for the work herein defined, shall 2 sre tbejise and pecupation of said building and grounds; free of rent and "charge until such time sa Raid work snail be accomplished, or Congress shall otherwise direct, when possession and occii- - V"" j 