WOMAN'S EXPONENT 151 T5 Mrs. Mary Industries 11 Johns .presiding: Evermore, "women s muusumi orthe last half century;" Jlrs. M. Mrs. Huldah B. j'a "Women in the Grange;" of L;" Mrs;Frank I oud "Women in the K. J)ircu?sion Tlie "Women, self support." Clara-Mrs. of L:), MrWML. Barry (K. Colbv Mrs.4? ranees iMieu narpcr. 'dnesday, 7:15 p.m.: Professions "Teach-Prof- , Rena A. Michaels, Dean of in Woman's College of Northwestern University; "Tnurnafism," Mary Allen West and Laura O. ' a A-W- B. BETTER FAIL THAN KOT TRY. J- N. B Please' read carefully the above in-- . Be particular to have the eertifi--cate- s structioii3 properly filed and certified by the railroad agent. from whom you purchase you r ticket to Washington, as. the reduction on return will apply only to the point at which such through ticket was purchased.- - Z. Tickets for the return journey will be sold by tho Ticket Agents at Washington, at the highest limited fare,only to those certificates signed by the Ticket Agent holding at the point where the thraugh ticket to the nest best thing to success; it may even be a better thing than success.; To say that one has failed is to ay that he has strlven;and to eay that he has striven is to say that he has acquired Etrengh in the striving. A boy who wag taunted by bia neighbor in tho' cl assf or. failing in 2r pro t racted -- attempt to answer a hard question, replied: "Well, I woultl rather, try and fail, than do as you did sit still and do. nothing." A child's perceptions of' trutlfand a philosopher's conceptions of truth often come very near together; and what that boy felt George Eliot expresses: Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving fjood enough to be called a failure." And the lesson of that boy's failure was a better teaching tlyan any direct teaching from the text of the Vsson itself. It is the part of aieacher's.. wisdom to turn to good account the lessons of ignorance and failure, as well as of .knowledge and success. Failure going ; one-thir- -- d Washingtonras purchased, and countersigned (not yet decided); "Law," by me at Washington; certifying, that the Caree''Medicine holder has 'been in regular attendance at the Mra. Ada Bittenbender; "Ministry," Hey. " . Associa, meeting. Oly'mpia. Brown; "International Press New Orleans. , r; 4. Ticket Agents will be instructed that the J' tion" Martha B. Mrs. Clara 10 March 29, a.m., reduced fares will notbo available for the reThursday, Organization Mrs. Julia turn journey, unless the holders of certificates as provided for in the Ward Howe, .Miss Mary E. Eastman, Miss ,are properly-identifie'Mrs. Morton. Alexandra" Gripenberg, Abb'y certificate, including the statement of tho Educational and Industrial "Women's Dial. Chairman of Railroad Committee that they " ' Unions." have been in regular attendance upon- the ' ' Conditions ' . 7:45 v p.m.: Legal Council. Thursday, Mrs. L. Devcreux Blake. Miss Helen Taylor, 5.' Tickets for return journey will be furMn. J. Ellen Foster (yet uncertain). Paper nished only, on certificates procured not more er-J- D hciiszl on Mrsr 'than three by Mi3Alie- e- F4e tch iays before thcmretingsseniblesnd; " Lucy Stone and others. will be available for continuous passage only; Friday, March 30, 10 a.m., Mr.?. E. Boynton no stop-ove- r privileges being allowed on tickets Women Alone "Moral Harbert, presiding: sold at less than full fares. Certificates will Saxon, of not be honored uidea presented within three M. S. Mrs. Discussion 0. Tennesee, Frazjir, days after the date 6i aojournment oi the ConEducation Moral National of Society; delegate, vention. Dr. Caroline B. Winslow, president of District R.-Field- Golbyi-presidin- , , . g:,- d : - ; : . NOTES AND NEWS. Maria - -- Pia,-- ! Queen-of-Portu- i3an gal, ac-- . cQomplished potter. Susette ; La FIcsche. an , F,anrationi!-Mr3Elizabclli-Xi- is . Omaha Indijan medicjccas l thowrdf the Connecticut' Indian association. sle 1maiden,-i3-fitHdyin- g . . ' of" Columbia-3Ioral-Education-Societ-y;-- The women Territory do not accept the sunflower badge or any yellow color. Now that tbey have all the rights of citizens, white aLiT the)take the national colors, red, " ' blue. y IMrOHTANT. 2iIrs. Lucinda B. Chandler, Mis3 II.. R. Shattuck, Clara B. Hoffman, Miss Fraoces.E. Wil- "Dress" Mrs. lard, Zerelda G. Wallace. ''- v Annie Jenness Miller. Mrs. -- Political Friday. 7:45 p.m.: Conditions-M- rs. 6. The. certificates are not transferable, and the signature affixed at lhe starting polut, compared with .the signature to the receipt, will enable the ticket agent to detect any attempted Three nurses.;who have served in the Zulu war, as well as in Egypt and England were recently endowed with the decoration tif the Royal Red Cross, a new decoration, by the -liueen oi .brjglacd. The New York Exchange for Women's Work has become a large business house employing eeveral clerks to dispose f its goods. Its president, the wife of Choate, has also founded and endowed a school for tho practical education of girls. ThTQueen ofSweden takes 'a very lively-a- nd active interest in everything, connected with the Sick Nurse Institution, and a nomo is now being built in Stockholm, the king and 'a ' queen themselves defraying the entire cost. ' The new institution will, in honor of the queen, :" be called the "Sofia Home." ' transfer. "No reduction of fare, can possibly be given because of failure of the parties to obtain eer- tficates " Delegates will observe from this rule that it be absolutely necessary for each .person to McClellan 13rown- - Mrs. Isabella Beecher Hooker, Madame Clar.i Neymaun. PiVcussion Mrs. Matilda Joslyn Gage, Frances r Willard, Mrs. H. ltobinsou7Mr3.Mary A Livgrmore; Mrs. Laura M. John?. l Saturday, March 31,10 a.m., Elizabeth Cody--lStanton Dresidinc: Pioneer's. Conference ConElizabeth Cady Stanton, Lucy Stone, Frederick ticket i3 purchased to the point where the vention is held, otherwise he will be obliged to Douglass, Matilda Joslyn Gage, Susan B AnBrown pay full tariff fares .both ways- Antoinette thony,, Robert Purvis, H. M. GouGAr.. . M. , i Blackwell andDther.?.Saturday, 7:4 5 p m.: Political, Conditions Mi-- s Helen Taylor, Mrs. Helen (continued) Gougar. Sunday, April 1, 2:30 p.m., Su.an Bj Anthony, presiding: Religious Symposium Rev Antoinette B. Blackwell, Mrs. Julia Ward Howe; Mrs. Isabella Beecher Hooker, Mrs. MISS ALCOTT'S ADVICE. M. MaJflAyivGagfitraMary A. Tiivermore. hits. Hiiizaoein aay oianion, auiss rraua's xj. Mrs. E. Boynton Harbert, Mrs . Willard, erelda G. Wallace. Sunday,. 7:45 p.m.: Clo of the Council Kev. Olympia Brown, Mrs. Zerelda G. Wallace, "Moral For3 of. the ballot." Mrs Cady Stanton. Closing Address The Southern Passenger Association and The Central Traffic Association "require, viz: Each person desiring .the excursion rate must purchase a first clasi ticket (either limited or unlimited) to tho place of meeting.for which he will pay the regular fare; and upon request, kkc Ticket Agent will issue a printed certificate 1. ef purchase. 2- - ! '.: V1 If through tickets cannot be procured at the starting point, parties will purchase to the Si03t convenient nmnt. whern sur.h through ticket cap be obtained, and repurchase through to Washington D. C. reouestinL a certificate from the Ticket Agent piirehsw is made. at the " Miss Lousia Alcott gives "the following to girls. It is a whole volume. She savs: "Girls, don't be in haste to wed. Build up Vipnlthy bodies by good food, plenty of exercise, and slec-p-. Learn ail the useful house hold arts before you attempt to make a home. Cultivate your rainds with the best books' that you may be able to teach your children much that school training alone will never give you. Choose your amusements wisely, for youth must have pleasure, but need not waste itself in ad-advi- Above t all, select your friends with caie. Avoid girh who live only for fashion, flirtation, and enjoyment, ami use the privilegeall women may claim to decline the acquaintance of young men whose lives will not bear iu?pection by the innocent eye's of women. Let no delusion of wealth, rank, comeliness, orJove tempt you to trust your hap" piness to such a one. Watch 'aid wait till tho true lover comes, even if it ba all your life,for single bl'ssednets is far better. than double use- misery and wron;. Spinstirs are a very ful, happy, independent race, never more so than when all professions arc open to them,ana honor, fame, and ; fortune are bravely .won by many gifted members of the sisterhood Set vnur standard hih and . live ud to. itt feeling Lassured that reward will come here or here frrm hfU suited toyetTr rcl after, and In the ' ce harmful frivolity. 1UILROAD RATES FOR THE INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN. pr.t ' , ; whre - re- - - ex-Jud- r.od?." , - . ; . ge " : Arridigious-jiftpe- " r- saves the congregation of wealth and of woman A 10,000, a year. high social culture and position, she makes it her rule and the. fashion "to dress for church in so plain and inexpensive a manner as to thcow the whole social influence of the congregation against extravagance in dress. Sir William Wedderburn lately retired from , writes: "Both Lady the India Wedderburn and myself are very glad to receive news of PunditaRamabai. We are both in female interested much education, especially in Indiaj and it will give us much pleasure to do what we can to promote the Pundita's proposed normal school. When yon have com- pleted your plans, I shall be glad to hear from you.agaiu. In tho meantime, allow me to express the pleasure I feel that PunditaRamabai' has found such good friends and supporters in America." possesses a lady who civil-service- . , - Frances Willard and Anna Gordon have gone tov Vashington,. summoned thither by representatives, of the national Temperance I I Publishing1 W. ( T. I7.s,- who are making House-aad-N&tiona- - L end-Distri- ;n -- cts effort toe-- ' ' 