V 101 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. see, but with the; history of'the st. what race .of peopfe had wandered through Ihese dense forests, and what was their condition aad customs, and their- habits ?1Why wasMhis Was there' not a history more spot historical? it were known, tiau just these wonderful trees? But one, can only conjecture and (juery coDcernlng past events, of which .there is no record, there is no one to answer the inquiries; do Rip. Vannvinkle who has been ;,to come iorth- and for io though therplaceavas- weird lighten hobgoblins and( wizards one enough for would be something : could rlraostfaw'yhei supernatural,; but we saw nothing except a moun- tain, stretched out dead that had been killed and left upon the ground. While- - Waiting here for the about -- South America and other lands that lie beyond the sea with a Dutch Professor from Ghent in Belgium. " Adolph De Cueleneer; professor of Art and Antiquities'.7 He was quite entertaining, and was icry learned and had traveled extensively. He carried away several pieces of the wood from .these ;;eHorropus "trees, and some' specimens of plants. At length the narrow gauge train drew . cp and Ve went aboard gladly for we were very tired. The road lay along' a very fine ' part of .the country; scenery charming, "some autumnal tlntsi though not the variety one. finds "here or in places where there are frosts to tone and color them. The pepper , trees1 are very, handsome indeed, graceful in sbaprtnd 7 beautiful 'in con- toast , 'of. color. the'fcre'en - leaves arid bright red berries.: Pretty little towns and villages .are tattered ail aiong j the wayl. nThe; Jrain passes through San Jose and Santa Clara, and we get a glimpse; of the Jamous . Lick Observatory as we are leaving Santa Clara. It resembles inthedis-tance- a large square" block of white, granite up among the . clouds, like a vast temple. : We also ice the Stale'? Insane Asylum, ; the third in Cali forsia it isneir Agnews Station p i t is an immense brick structure,'1 modern-istyle of architecture, Nearing San Francisco we passed Riverside Hotel, a summer resort well patronized. '?Mri. 'Sarah M.Kimball spent several weeks rrthere last summervisiUngherother,Lhe pro-- . prittor, Mr. Farley Granger well known to many of our people. At ;Alameda we take the Steamer for San Francisco; and the ride by moonlight jtvith the lights of a great city in view is lovely beyond description; $ what we could sleep-centurje- s; eja-u- s, , -- . aiQwe-hadomeonversation 1 ' " - o . editorial; NOTES. Another souvenir of the holidays and the New Year is a Calender of 189, fastened together with rings and a chain, to hang it by, and; pretty little ornamental cord and tassels. Outside are two clrfldrenr amoing flowers, and the: second page represents the ringing ofjthe bells; fastened to the of me.iilEach Jel Hlejnthejpicture, :afldastjklliapuple ' gilt-edge- ; It would not be possible to go into customer detail la describing tfye Christmas goods'- An ad- miring public must; seeHhe . effort made to please and to solicit custom- -' .Miss M. Glassford, of Chicago is in the city in the interest of a medical work she is deslrpus of circulating In ,the Territory, She is employing agents to cinvass for the work, both men and womeni The book is entitled," "The '. Practical are, "A Popular Gulde.for the Household," and, ''Management of yr):x- .Home-Physician."- . Sub-heading- , ..... .A - -- . ' fs -- UeaieTtjlviihe Each picture tells a story of itself in its vention and symptoms of all diseases of "Merr own beautiful way, and the verses aretouching " Women and Children," and he most approved--raethoandmusical. The books are for saleat James of tfeatment with; plain instruction for book Lake store, Salt Dwyer's City. Every lady the care of the sick. Full "and accurate directions should examine these pretty specimens of art. for treating 4Wounds, Injuries, Poisoning," etc.; " also giving a concise account of the structu're nnd The marriage of Miss Rachel G. Foster, of functions of the human body, hygiene and rules of Philadelphia, was solemnized Nov. 8, at the health." The book is illustrated with handsome Spring Garden Unitarian Church, in Philadelphia-The.hap- py colored plates. It is written by fourvery learned bridegroom is Mr. Cyrus Miller Avery. doctors Henry. L Lyman, A. M. M. D., Chris- The. ceremony was performed by Rev, Charles G. tian Fenger,' A. M. M. B., II. Webster James, A; Shaw. The recepAmes, assisted by Re M. M. D., W. L. Belfield, A. M.M. D. Thebook tion was given at Pittsburgh by the many friends is certainly a very good one of its kind, and seems of Mr. and Mrs. Foster Avery.. Afterwards they more explicit in detail than many medical books. were to visit friends at Indianapolis, Louisville, It is a book that it would be well for any young Chicago and Buffalo beforejeturning to PhiladeU mother Jo have , for reference; in fact such phia. Miss Foster has been an ardent advocate books areTneeded in every family, The, colored of woman suffrage from her girlhood, and an plates represent the bones, nerves, arteries brain, active worker for more (than ten years. She was explaining each, with reference to the whole. chosen Corresponding Secretary of the National Another particular feature of the book, is the preWoman Suffrage Association when Mrs.vSara paration of medicines and the plants used as in- - ' Andrews Spencer resigned, and has for years gredlents; there are 16 pages of these plants,'wlth filled that position with ability, good judgment four on each page, making4 varieties thus repre- and remarkable tact. The success of the Internasented. The book contains nearly 1 160 pages, arid tional Council was largely due to the executive is . handsomely bound. It is printed in crown Miss as this of Anthony very young lady, ability type upon heavy paper. The volume contains at the session. tbeclose of gracefully acknowledged much very valuable information, and cannot fail Mr. Avery, it is said, fell in love with liei upon the to be useful and beneficial Jn the ebmmunity The Miss of the We have knowing pleasure platform. names of the plants and, all other explanations are Foster personally, and have, a most sincere ad given in plaio English, and can consequently be miration for her many excellent qualities. She xNo ;.Latin ,pu rases rused perfectlyiiaderstood understands ;"It tells you how to prepare nourishing food for the all connected with the N. W. S. A., and is not sick, and how to administermedicines, the quantity hampered with the prejudices that sometimes of all kiids named, as well as the properties. hinder equality of representation and are barriers We extend the most sincere con-i to oroeress. j " gratulations to Mr. anKIrs. Foster "Avery, and MRS. EAST'S LETTER. in their wish them every blessing newfound happi ' V '. ness. Mrs. Zina D. 11. Young: rhlstoryTau present. ; ds -- j J.. " v.-Ann- ' ie . - . r ' -- , ; r - r1- , : 1. " - . ' ' : . Dear Sister:-t!- I should have addressed you quite an elaborate display being made ere this, but. having delayed until your return I in the shop windows and stores for the holidays. There never was aMime wheirso much talent and now proceed to give you a short report of my labors in the Arizona settlements. ige;nuity were displayed in making and selling V In July, 1 879, 1 received my appointment, and various articles for use and ornamentation as at was set', part under the hands of , Apostle Erastus present. It would seem that everything had been Snow to labor in the Eastern Arizona Stake, where thought of that the human mind could conceive to I visited, assisting ifl the organization of the Relief beautify the borne and happify the heart. .The large - windows of Z. C. M. I. are handsomely and taste Society, contindng to visit and hold meetings until Oct., 1882, when I came over to GrahamCo., fully arrayed, making a. fine showirig of elegant goods. C. R. Savage's Art Bazar has a fine col- jwhiebvat thattime, rbelongedTto EaTfeTrTATizona Stake, visiting the Saints in the Gila Valley j here lection of pictures and other things in their line we find one of the most producttverfertue valleys on exhibition, and they have a choice selection' There is booksThe; a hammock. The design is children swinging' In book is entitled, "A Friend stands at the Door;" and tlie words are also by the late favorite author, Dinah Maria MulockfJ The outside leaf or cover of the folio has a picture of a child in a bank "of delicate flowers. TOs book represents the New Year in .poem and ' engraving as the other does Christmas, and it is impossible to say which is the most, beautiful. There are twelve leaves of heavy d and cardboard, the best in quality, artistically fastened' together with colored satin ribbon. Among the collection of handsome holl- -' views-the- y havc-f- or own special work, of scenes in the Rocky Moun I lege of colonizing, and I feel it a duty that I owe is work the Pauline and J. copyrighted tains are a great attraction. Visitors to the city to those who are not acquainted with the facts, to Sunter, by. Leej&" Shepard, of JBoston;?The Calendar is and tourists make a Specialty of views inland correct the misrepresentations that have gone for sale at James''l3wyeVs book store, fain St. the Rocky Mountains. Mr. James D wycr abroad, that this Is one ofjhe most sickly coun'Salt Lake City. It iswell worth purchasing, both, around Saints here m tries inhabited Lbythe Latter-da- y is not behind any enterprising citizen in his stock for beauty and a delicate little is" utility. It the Pima Ward, where I reside in one block'of I oiLChristmasj prggents brf- inT their ; qoalitieg ia for an cxpresslon'of affection or esteem. the school there is dvePbnr hundred and fifty excellence or beauty. He carries a very heavy h 3w6- of the daintiest igillt books we have ever stock, perhaps the largest of any house oHhe scholars enrolled, and if there is a child sick with 1 - not informed ktnd; at"an Tatef the enfefrmL d are for Christmas and New Years, 'the one of it. there are pretiy anicies whu pnves smiauie us.tne No one heed for Christmas is entitled, '.'A Christmas "Carol," poor as well as the rich. The St. Joseph Stake .was organized- - iii iSSt, gojrithout when,! was appointed to labor in the great Stake wbrds j fromMheJ gifted pen of Dinah Maria a Christmas present to bestow, if: the incliijatioh named in honor of the martyred Prophet, so stated Mulocki The" pictures zxt exquisite, 'and are tends in that direction. Mr; Dwyer has among fued to the verse! of the poeni upon the same hisgoods some:very odd articles1, that would by Joseph F. Smith in a letter to my husbandjHe d said the page. OctsldeUheu book is gave.it that please the most unreasonable purchaser. Other picture repre-Sild a was amount it of goodswinak' hcamersaid Tery important Stakenuclud- nder. a 'tree, 'filled with fruit, "fob ltolcarj)ingaheavy in thret nationalities The work has truly c&n. ?raohg the" lxughs. 4 t s a ve iy- pre tty y ng the most of their opportunity at this auspicious HK 'and delately drawn. The New. Year's season of the year for a fine display, and inviting. Cienced among the house of Jacob, although there by me-cien- - to . - -- Presidency-sitJrucouncilan- : 1 1 : . ; 1...... 