A LAMENT. 1 gr - " rT ." V stand where I tost stood with thee 6 sorrow t -- rorrovC : ! . 'z...' ' - ; bread and water would be preferable. And even friends are otimes careless how- tho gift is conveyed, and think perchance it matters Tittle. It would be sad indeed if this practice has b? come so common; that one takes no thought of the manner of it, but gives simply that it may be said of him! he pave liberal v or to be in Tcwp MtfiMn or friendships. ihft fflqlimn.--Triidesiro toactually bles3 others should ; be the motive, and let us bo charitable! enough, to tnink that in most instances it is so; inougn the hurry and bustle of this workaday world costly gifts on those who . are dear to them by the ties of kiudretl or friendship. The poor whom Jesus loved, ami sought to please. are metubered on this day; rnoro bounteously, perhaps, than on any other day iu all the year. Blessed day ! that . brings gladnes3 to so hi any lonely hearts ! Blessed Savior ! wh'o'je advent : There is not a leaf on the trysting-tree- ; the earth a on tojme; There b not joy; ! sorrow O Sorrow, When' shalt 'thou" bejjriceagaln.' what thou werl? - -- upon earth we celebratesoyfullyr What better tribute couldSe-pa- y to him who loved O, the sweet yesterdays fled from the heart, the the poor, fisek and the lowly ones, than to ;j Have they a morrow? minister to these Hb children", and share with Here we stood, ere we parted so close side by side; them the blessings kind heaven hal boun-t- i Two lives tbat thus part are as ships that divide. When moment on moment there rushes bet ween' fully vou chafed; thus, fulfil ling U'u i The one and the other, a sca;- ,uIua3much as ye have .done. it unto one of these ye have done it unto me." And Oh, never can fall from the days that have been in blessing we. have the promise of being A gleara on ihe years that shall be I blessed in return.; lie who pours out abun 7 dantly upon the poor and unfortunate, will find "hiiTieart lighter, ttnUTnHIieTiouToTl rial or of THE OLD HOME. will recall: with satisfaction: the good deeds which arerecerd4u his favor by the f have gone I cannot always go, you know; angels above, and which may perchaucQ insure Best 'Us so ., .... ,:J him a safer passage into the realms of happiHome across the distant ridges of the years, ness. There is no pleasure so intense as that of Wilh ray tears: i Aud on bestowing happiness upon others. And the old hoiise slandin&stilJ on the old ground, this" day when all join in calling down blessings ... ".There I found. upon each other, surely the angels shout and la the parlor, in taf iancy, I Could trace sing for ,'oy over, these who are walking in ' ' ' ' '. ' ' Father's face; Jesus footsteps, treadiDg the paths which will ; lead where He has gone, to prepare a place lor And ray mother,' with her old accustomed air, '' 7 ' " :.. '. those who love Him and keep His commandSitting there; VhHe beside them brothers, sisters, true and good, ments..' ."rT'-' ::. Silent x ; '. stood.' ."7This is an exalting theme, and an inexhausA tible one; but lest. I weary rhy readers by purChe stillness swam the song of summer bird, suing a monotonous strain, let us go back to aiKtU rU wbeTd we fall have childhood or wonder-laiivl- , - On the wall the sunshine; and its glow been "once upon a time," and ramble a littlo ' - ' Faded slow; 'v"V " over enchanted ground; where erst the fairies But from all the loving lips I watched around ""V1 Not a sound. Sported, and Santa Olaua' held unbounded dominion at this ' season of the yea;. 'Who does Of the breaths that stirred the draperies to and fro not remember Santa Claus? ' Dear old fellow; ? Long ago; children almost worship him, and are always ,,, v :, Of the eyes that through the casement usd to peep on their good behavior when tliis antique genii V & of steep; Out is expected. They are told the most'extrava-gan- t .Of the feet that in tliese chambers tales and in manyii&fane Now are none. gions thu3 made, areso strong and lasting, that in maturer years, one can shut his eyes and Of tHe sunshine pouring downward from the sky, imagine dear old fit Nicholas, driving his reinBlue and high; deers, eight irhand.mufHed in fur and covered ;0f die leafage and the;ancient garden plot, '' with bells, that always pearkie merrily, . 5 r;i Brown and hot; house A the tops, ro'ppiog the bon gliding over , Of the streamlet, and the shingle, and the tide ' bobs and goodies down the chimneys, and ekim-rain- g ;Tliese abide. along as easily as though he rode on the 'But heycxid itsorure vaulting overhead , fleecy'white clouds. ; Wbd is there who cannot ' Arejnydqad; remember popping out of bed in the gray mornThough their graves were dug apart n many lands, ing, with; a trailing night robe on, to see what Joining hands, Santa Glaus had left in the stockiog by the They iiave gatliered and are wailing till I come. ehimney corner,' the dear IJttle" barefeet, That is, home I blessed footprints on the sands of tira !" - , Presbyterian, r m Without entering upon any dissertation Upon the merits or demerits of such fanciful traditions, let us take: a cursory view of the ChristCHRIST3IAS. most extraordinary inas of to day. This and the people have made great discoveries Ah,"me'! It h ChHstmai time, merry; and "age, arts and What sweet recollections axe recalled in all the various- departments of the joyous.-is of invention rife; and io mind xn this happy occasion. 01(V folks sciences. The spirit aad young join in j'gay pastimes, and it is not . there is nothing seemingTyTihlrt can Tbenmadcr h&t not been attempted in the way of c?ljTi aifeason w rejoidng,:butofreiVeliingr that ngeOjUentlyrtherefare bodily ttndipentallyr For & few hour?, at least, :utility:ir3niameT3trr and quality, suited peace is the sentiment of all honest hearts, and articles of every description Karihnesa and ingratitude arc banished. The to" the'individual or circumstances; and all may selection of appropria name suggestsJnuocence, purity and love; be gratified in the vry for k it not Hha, embodiment and name of the gifts. p. " . : rrarn ' ' ' . , . "-- ' . . ' '' 5 .' , nngnines3 supernaa. l es, the mistletoe and holly are specially .dear to every English heartj and their custom , of celebrating Christm as, reminds - one' of the ilavo nf hf whirh the bards arid noets " : t. 1 1 not shut out all the beautiful and live within four bare walls, but adorn your homes with those things which will suggest pleasant themes fnr rnnvprRflrIriri7 whirh will remind vdli of ill nocence, and draw your thoughts towards that naradiso you may attain, throucrn uiUKCnce in . good works where all is beauty and glory and - , fl the-heart- " -- , 1 difier, and to declare that 4hesc inanimate things possess in a creat decree the power of. imparting ffSica.cy to thought and feeling and whicli is tHo high appeal strongly- - to est embodiment of sensibility or approximates" nearest to tho soul. Therefore I. would say do : ',-- 1 nonsense to decoraje and takoiich pains to 'gather evergreens, flowers and holly berries , 1 II . j . linw llf Vn-rr- w : 8on-ow- Vor is to do all things gracefully if" f is fntiietinips remarked bv verv practical, matter of fact people, that it. is all ; : ntl" tin leaf-flecke-d : 3 : : v , ' For if you love the children,1 It has been said some time, In every holly berry, anta Claus hides a rhyme. i " -. :tiscd-40;i:- " , -- 4 " " V - . . - - - '.' ? ; . . ? . " - - ; upon precious gift, vouchsafed earth'; and in itation of His plorioua example, most fitting gift upon one another ia5 remembrance of the blessed day, ;whu.u nto' thV; holy virgin s son was born , hoie namef was iimmanueK Yes, He who f io;Lbve ' one another.'" On thisday all ho desire to be hU followers should plit away and forget forgive ;try id to do rsome good deed, a? wella3bestQW . pnklaitowitte -- -- l: - choosing : in daysi may be so wounded Iby1 the manner which "the ChristmM ;dinner is given or the simple efTeripg made to them, that a morsel of . Ji , With elegance refined' r; J 4 ,rv,-- ' But so dearly 3o I .love the lilies, and such like charming things, that lest I enter into an and traijin elaborate dissertation upon flov.-ervines, winter berries and forest boughs. Fwill gay to my patient readers and rdear "good friendsv known or unknovTnT'Merry, and "A Happy New Year," pea ce,happi- . ness ana prosperuy. s recipient, and is there . "Somebody pulled an armful, Ran quickly home to look; Found, for she so loves children, Rhymes enough for a book." "Consider the lilies, how they grow, they toil not,' neither do they spin, and yet Solomon in all his glory was not " r arrayedjikeone of these.1' 1 J --o- r- not acmeans of ltwaTwK poorest present, making it exceed in valtio the costliest given in an ostentatious manner. There is certainly a great deal yet tobo learned about .' ,r the method of giving. v lZ The poor who ipossess .innate refinement of character, or pernaps may have, seen better - - crtam-nice-u- is vedn '! . What is there more touching iu expression than the Savior's words: : ser .1 . T be-ob- ; r ." -- ri minationte- isdaptlPga': gift ' ". , . -not . " " - Butrafterll . The Savior, Himself, beautifully illustrate the most sublime sayings, and instructs His ' disciples in parablesthatsurpasa ja richntiss and delicacy of eentimlent, anyipioductioiisof man. They are all the more forcible, because they are clothed by the touch of divine beauty. .Who does not know that flowers inspiro the tendere,st emotions, that the evergreens aid immortelles recall the immortal and imperishable?. By all mean3 encourage 'the beautiful, be it ever so simple. : , .'Fair nature's sweet symplieity ' " dearavioivtlrrbleeKee ta human h earta; the tidiogoikaUo&Th xacst, to man , " -- , . : "Children like holly Ijerncs, ; " Dear Iittlrobln aid; Gather them bunch them together,' Mix with the green,' the red. 1' f Aunt Est. - . Elizabeth Stuart Phelns. author of 4Gate Ajar was married October 20, to Eev. IL of the New York Independent The wlille bride is an elderly woman of forty-five- , Mr Ward has not yet reached his thirty-fiftX)-War- h birthday. 'T d, 