WOMAN'S EXPONENT. PASSING A WAV. plf.il for jtijustico B3 old as historic humanity. Un Egypt a, oldest temple walte, pylons, pillars They are gliding and tlidinj and stealing away, A second, a moment, an hour a day; Days grow to weeks, to months and time places in life's joumey'bere. .' 'The Oh, what have they held for rue, what will they hold, ; . What is the story the past cloth, un fold", that clear and I As read by unfaltering light," That memory brings- from the past years - mite-stone- s - ho, the pages of childhood," the home fireside, So sweetly and softly the story doth glide; It tells cf long rambles o";r woodland and dell, dwell, Seeking the nbolcs where the starry-eye- s s so sweet, and hawthorne The blue And cool, shady places, where bright waters meet; . It tells of the love of the father and mother, Of the dear kindred ties of sister and brother. e . . johney-jurnp-up- , - -- Oh, school days bright school days ! I Ah, these came too soon, and the lessons grew hard and old Outside the dear school-rooyard; I'll turn o'er these leaves, where life's first shadows fell, Deep, deep where they lie in peace let them dwell; Dut as the first frost blights the tenderest, fairest Of fruits and of flowers, so heart gems, the rarest, Are killed by the blasts that sweep over the soul, W hen the storm clouds-- arise ami deep thunders rolh-play-groun- d -- HorE. EGYPTIAN WOMEN. 15 Y uoUonf-and-the-forc- limited only by death, the condition of the women and children has become yet more Wherever there has hopelessly degraded. been adduction of public or charitable appro priation:?, the needed economy has at once been applied to the women s share; many schools for girls have bt en closed to eke out the scrimpel allowance foMhe-boys- r The Khedive Ismael established at Cairo a school for the daughters of noble families in a surrounded by handsome noble - building the English' grounds. It is now occupied-b- y Minister of Public Works. The evidences and testimony that I had while in Egypt of the deplorable condition of the women, in religion, in the iarmly, and under the law, the inadequate' means that are being employed to remove the causes of their degra dation, compel me to present to 'you fortius hour a sombre picture, one not at all in keeping with the marvelous coloring of Egyptian nature, and The wonderful picturesqueness of the women, as they take their places in the thirtrirarolls" itself before the delighted voyager on tne hue. But I have no choice; I must paint the por trait as I saw it, and it may be, in the discus ion that will follow my paper, that other testimony may lighten my dark shading, and promise good result from the benevolent enter prises already organizetuo upraise ou r wretched sisterhood. . 9 CHARLOTTE 1. WILBOUU. UTiiqTTeand-fascinatTngpauora- The paper read by Mrs. Wilbour .before the A. A. W. 13 given to .The- Wnan's Tribune as a series of articles on the Women of Egypt. The subjects of the series are: Women in lleligion; Coptic"Women;Levantihe Women; Muslim Women; Women in Society; Women in Entertainments; Schools and Education; Women under the Law; The Future of - the-Fnrnil- Egyptian Women. erally believed- - that civilization, amalgamation of races and change of language, deliver man from the, thraldom of material surroundings and natural tendencies;, but in the history of, the Nation of the Nile we see how climate and geographical configuration have persistently declared themselves in successive generations, and how, when the incidental and extraneous influences that had seemed to change the prototype, have been withdrawn, ' it rose again in all .its distinctiveness and individuality. It is inevitable that a people depend-ing.othe measured rise and jfall of a river for the means of life, and veven for life itself, should, in a good. degree, be the slaves of a natural law, and so the more easily subjugated to the will of the human despot who may ob-- . tain lordship over their fountain of existence. In these few words I find an explanation for the perpetual servitude of the Egyptian. It is a fashion, both new and old, to do a wrong, and declare it to be a necessity, and exorbitant tribute that, in the Egypt of and forced labor. must be extortedPfrom the people to preserve, the country, ii a tyrant's n. . , . to-da- two-religio-us 1 ed . steals-o- n " " prod ma WOMAN IN KELICION. From the earliest recorded tim?, the Egyptians have had a formal religion .which estabBut lished a sensual heaven for believers. while they yet worshipped their sectional Gods, they .recognized women as worthy of high and sacred offices. Hieroglyphic incriptions register that in the early dynasties women were Goddesses, Queens, Priestesses, upholders of the gods, guardians of portions of the temples, and sacred places, and that they were respected and fevered equally with gods, priests, scribes, architects and warriors. Women of the kings, nobles and chiefs, have honorable mention, and their portraits and cartouches are everywhere, .on temple, waif and pillar, on stela and obelisk. It eeems moreover, quite certain that ordinary women joined in the temple service and paid" religiou3 tributes An inscription found but four years ago, on a pillar of a vanished temple, records the taxes paid by women on entering the temple after child-birth- , and so small are the marriage "and amounts, that Egypt ologists think it sure all women had. access to the temples and rendered tribute aceording to their means. The worship fami-lies-- of Araon-ra- , Maut, Khbnsoo, under many different local names--; but always Father, Mother, Son, wa3 performed and per-- , petuated by men and womeu bearing like titles and rendering equally sacred and important service. Ail this is now ebanged,Mhe pendulum of the "religious loeks wings" far away to ' ' tje other side. v ?. In Egypt, there are sejets, Copts and Muslim?. At Alexandria and Cairo there are congregations of the Greek and Armenian Church)J-utheran,- s, Koman Catholics, Presby" terians, Episcopalians, and it may be others; thce. are the churches of the "foreigners, and are scarcely found out of the two great cities. The number of Copts is estimated by themselves at fOQ.OOO, by others' at 300,000 claim-- ' ing to be the oldest Christian Church, established by the Evangelist, Mark himself, whose body was enshrined in Alexandria until translated by the Venetians, they refused to Eccept". the doctrine of the double nature of Christ, and were condemned as heretics by4ho Council of Calcedon. Thus the persecutions which they had suffered under JDe.cius and Valerianus, culminating in the 'destruction of - 1 a n i f i j . r i t lea n n 1 t li a m n ceo nr r if thousands by Diocletian, whose cruel edict was ereu more destructive than his fire and sword, 1 A 1 1 1 A:ti ; my sense, like perfume of flowers, Sweet dreams of the past, and they soothe me to rest Like a message of love from the land of the blest. - one-sixt- h A Is it well to look back to the days- that are gone, Is it well to remember the sunshine and song? Do they help us the better l.fe's labors to bear, Will they help us towin to that home over there? I know not, but oft in the twilight's still hours, There d "going-to-be-goo- read now of you, the Tne dearly loved teacher, playmate so true, The cool, shady walk from the home on the hill, ' " That led by ..the big spring and old flour mill; And the lessens I learned while walking along I remember them yet, and the snatches of song, That wiled the sweet hours too swiftly gone by, '.' With no shadow of care, no tear and no sigh. 1 and memorial tablets it is .recorded in sharply cut hieroglvyhics and speaking tableaux, that' invasion,- slaughter and oppression, the acts of divinely-parente- d kings and done were" to promote the welrulers, fare of the people and to .please, the Gods.1 Our modern philanthropists, who for the last "five years have tyeen grinding the tillers of the soil, and the peaceful owners of flocks and lauds, for the-onpurpose of giving them a good government, are in nowise original in theirspecial phila nthropyTInthis" phjlan" thropic movement the men who provide literal bread for the people, have suffered most from the excessive taxation and compelled service, which the agents., of that government have imposed upon them; for not more than part of the land is now in the hands 'of Egyptian farmers which was owned by them before the armed Christians came to save' them, and thousands of natives'" are.now employed at ten cnis per day, on4he lands of which they"" then Mere masters. Througli the terrible taxation, limited only by of Osiris, Isis, IIoru3. i ii t f . li j 1 ... 11 - i' 11 - i i i (i ii 17m TrtiAia rK Under Mohammedan ruhi Constantinople. they were long encouraged to embrace Islam but durby degradation and the branding-iron- , the for most ing the present century they have I ull fnn ra -- V,. rim afir!nl. WW. v. ........ V., X,.,V, oppression. Tiiese ages of persecution, and wicked hatred have left their impress on Coptic character. They are tenacious, timid, cowardrely, suspicious, deceitful, and sullen; with "' markable individual exceptions The Woman'? Tribune. : . -- MISCELLANEOUS. Though a lover be never so great an orator, yet a kiss on the lips of 'his beloved 13 often more eloquent than all his fine speech JV Bodenham. . . : and call it zeal; atid, perhaps, if we were to get at the. root of the evil in such a case, we should find it not in public spirit,but in personal ambition. If. Taylor. ' -- WVitaverirrorighMo-kill-ourselves The head nurse of the Children's hospital in London says that the dx qualifications for nes3, accuracVy memory, observation and fore- thought. The idea that every woman is born a nurse she regards as a popular .delusion. Carlisle wrote of women as physicians, "Their form of intellect, their-- sympathy, their wonderful acutehess of observation etc., seems to indicate in them peculiar qualities for' dealing with disease and evidently in a certain department (that of female diseases), they have quite peculiar opportunities of being useful." Ex. The sabbath is to the rest of the week in ... spirituals, what summtr is to the rest of the : year in temporals; it is the chief time for gathering knowledge to last you through the following week, just as summer is the chief season for gathering food to last you througli the following twelve mouth -- A. W. Hare. God made both tears and laughter, and both for kind purposes;for asdaughter enables mirth and surprise to breathe freely, so tears enable sorrow to vent itself patiently. Tears hinder sorrow from becoming despair.and madness;and laughter is one of the very privileges ot rea- son, being confined to the human spctics, Leigh Hunt 