WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' MY RIGHT HAND. -- arediYided;itfieain ' i " "Dear hand, 'tis strange to see you thus ' Reclining on a pillow, As pale, and sad, and motionless; iier willow. As h It is not thus, my trusty friend, That you were wont your days to spend. I've seen you, armed with polished lance, And helmed with a thimile, .'. j .. -- " . I've seen you in the kneading-pan- ., Deep in the white flour buried; Or to the elbow dipped in foam, weV and hurried; ; On, wash-da- y Or wielding mop and sweeping-TirooCleaning and dusting yard and room. -. Ciiri.-tianit- ' . n lof : I've seen you turning page on page, The thoughts of childhood leading; Or softly rest on chiidlujo'd-VheadIts small sad sorrow heeding Or guiding over paper white Wee, awkward fingers, Irying to write. . . . fever's fiery c luteins; Or fashioning, where tears are shed t The white robes for those dear ones dead. --- 1 Trnrhfm-4ikijr4fe--ariHHH- : - ori'Miial-Christiani- . a-a- In all your labors, great and small, ' Came faithfully to aid you ' Your kind twin sister, wliom' I call ' My left hand,. here she laid you," Smoothed and soothed yoii, bathed and dressed, Sought to give you ease and rest, But rest is not for broken bones,-As you and I can witr.es;; Nor can one hand work well alone, Kor will alone give fitness; But labor, shared with wise good will, Has done, and will do wonders still. wemay 1 start-- In Daltox. B.. WILBOUK. , , - ' 1 . 1 1 ; -'' possi-h1.--- "', in-de- WOMEN. The officers of the Coptic church are a patriarch, bishops, priests and deacons. These offices women may not fill. There are orders of monks, and there have been sisterhoods of celibates. The officers may not marry after entering upon the office, and must have married a maiden. The Coptic language is not now written Vr spoken, and is understood by very few of those who recite, or attend the service :of the church. Coptic women attend "church, confess, and- receive the; sacrament, but they are not expected to pray as often as the men. Their style of dress and customs as those ot iluslim women, and they generally wear black in the streets. Baby-girl- s are baptized eighty days after birth, boys after forty only. The churches : - jcu , i e No 2. . " trx-- i i : EGYPTIAN WOMEN. are-thersa- ia -- Lu COPTIC 4" - workers' ranks once more; " We yet may do some good, "and still Endeavor toravoidainil. BY CHARLOTTE so-calle- y g God bless you, then, my good right hand, And speedjly restore 5trenglB,-th-at the tv - But I must say, dear hand, for you, Howe'er your toil availed, J 'You never yet did evil do Unless my judgment failed; We've made mistakes, but by our will 3Ye've toiled for good, hut never ill. . Yourwonted he-ch'u r-t -- , : ; .'is-the,- V ith soft and soothing touches, 1 . n ' I've seen you bathe the .burning brow, Of friends and dear ones lying beparaiea irom the men s by a high .lattice. Women not be present when the prayers are said for a male invalid' of the family over ten years old, or when he receives the .sacrament, except by special request. :8 among the Muslim women, much pi tvjs ridiculous out of "the unbecoming and cloister. r have often remarked the little WALPOLE ON MODERN respect Coptic women show for the,service of the church. At intervals they' repeat short prayers, but. during, the larger part of the cereThe 11, v. E. Walpole Warren, the celebrated mony they chat and laugh with their friends. 1 n i ty' There is not either order or decorum "required preacher, ami the new pa o r of oly Tri "in to "a big crowd" a of men and women during the The Church, New York, dare here one "Does late any Sunday women stare through the half-opeveil, whisper y of the ninetell to me'thaLjhe or talk audjbly, crowd the strangers and conChristianity that Christ duct themselves much as they do in the sh ips teenth ciitury taught? Does any one dare to fay. that this and bazzars. Neither are the churches nor the women reliirmn of New York is what Christ wants?" Well, no; that i if they understand and cleanly. The oldest churches have small openbelieve the Bible. .'For the Christianity of ings in the lattice looking toward, the chancel, Christ as set forth in that book, in respect, to where lamps, may .be placed during evening and power,, service, and these have left their greasy black moral' .conduct, spiritual light promises, ordinances and organization, finds isifrnatures for unmolested ages- Not seldom relies of tDdav." y oiim ay. see, wo rn out Ci en? U of the church oFNew l ork, exeeprwilh uie service lying about in the corners. Above either in or out Tiie.-- e have been Cairo it is olten uuljealthl'ul to attend church lowly Latter day Saints. SL' til jivain im cl blrlVUIg IDT Lilc nsi 11.' KildrenRh - in times. But of Tpil with which. they moisten their, hair, are not "when they have taught the original gospel rethfe agreeable perfume o'ne would choose for No taught that the the confined air. Ihey never change their stored by the angel, and a Christianity of tlie pnt iitteen bun- for clothing, or make preparation in any ' the Sabbath or the church. The wives and dred yeais came far short of that taught by Christ and his apostlrs, they have been ;nut families of wealthy, educated Copts seldom atwith deniai anl persecution, and the cry has tend church except during fasts and festivals; from f)ulpit. press; and platform, they are agreeable in dress and manner. I am gone up Wolves in sheep's cloth- told that thtir prayers are mere foi ms recited,-- "False prophet!" a And deceiver;-- ! but that the real prayer of the woman is to be inM" "Beware of -- has -- been denied fothem by the wife of a rich man and themother of sons. and proper hearing most who neecLenUglitenraent' the .persons They do not understand the creed of their on very the subject of- Christianity, til j flow the church, and feel no moral. responsibility; and, truth is being forced from the dips of influenlagain with their Muslim sisters, do not count tial men in the pulpit,- ti.e.pen of. the journalist sin, if it be not discovered. any wrong-doinis blazoning it abroad, and the very walls and ' They have no education of the conscience, towers of "mystery Babylon", and ,.. her. and are reported to be too often ingenious in inJ,,lriwtit:iT-jnw. trcTnliMrur fn' ihcW nprfnin w rrrri-3t: .t i! it trigue and .falsehood. me ouuons. A very intelligent Coptidgentleman of Cairo, clowniail. J uod governs among Selected. , who gave us much opportunity to meet the better class of his people, andwitness gome of their important ceremonies, said to us that he CHOICE OF FKIEND3. wished to enter the priesthood in order that he might use the influence of the office for the ad Choose for you r friends people who have vancement of. women in morality and. cleanli d good 'common "sense, and if ness, and, he added with sad voice, most of heart, brain, una tiofi ' then cultivate... their acai uaint- our priests are too indifferent to this. A few ance until vou find them out. It takes time. we tad daysfterifrpeaking-trr-- a known in Paris,-hremarked with much We do not . like a newT study until we put some and effort into it. So with a friend;, severity of tone, that she was the only Coptic thought know him well before we can woman that had been taken to Paris by her we must learn to estimute his value. When a person's virtues husband, and allowed to wear the European die cannot be dress in the street. We did not further grieve number" more than , his faultshave"' to 'found wanting." Learn respect for him by telling him that the sister of the lady had also seen the wicked city in thesarae dress. some, personal peculiarities; they belong to The incident revealed that even he was scarcely jour friends as surely as do the shapes of their noses, and we know that this world would prepared for the important work he coveted. be a stupid yvorld if we were all alike.- Ex. LEVANTINE WOMEN. - Attacking seams of giant length With thrusts and lunges nimble; Till joining neat and hem complete ' Atlest your skill alcove defeat". W dt i in. ny.whichfner '. in vates the . best Muslims, but are:. courageous danger. ' They are. frank iu their hatreds or with the Copts far dislikes. They id more than with. the la.diins, and are ever ot ies t ivmcs. The "Worn a ii$ Tribune -- J i rjr. grief-beneat- y. ..... . at; ' - . 1 155 The Levantine women are mostly Christians and claimed by the Catholics, r They have many of the superstitions of the Muslim women, but they have a favorable recognition in and its service. They attend mass, pray for the dead, and. confess to thepriest. They are somewhat educated and jjre'iiaturally intelligent and shrewd in their own affairs. The widow who does not deare the aid of the priesi in disposing andarranging her affairs, after the death, other husband, ornits" confession. They believe in the magical, effect of lying to turn away evil influences. They are indolent and early become very fat; many in Cairo and Alexandria have never seen the city gate3 or the port. They too are reputed to indulge in gerious intrigues, and social crimes. the-churc- ed that literary dyspeptic, Julian Hawthorne, holds Margaret Fuller as expressed in the current number of the AmeriThe" rating at-whic- h can Magazine will not add to his credit as a critic. He says, speakiug of Margaret Fuller in connection with Thoreau: "Neither of them was of any actual use or value in the world, and yet a number of amiable and people, upon the theory that whoever is exceptionally ugly,self conceited and disagreeable must posse.-- s a superior nature, have" made golden calves of thee poor mortals, and fallen down and worshipped them in the wilderness. A future generation will correctly appraise the calves; but the worshippers will puzzle them." Ex. near-sighte- d . , 