.- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 178 cditorial work' of 'athe'- - Woman is', as originaband : st rongly-m- a Journal, and ked in her. per r a fioiiality as licr celebrated mother. Miss Stone Bhickwell impre-se- d nic, at (heir home in iNeponset, with her gentJeamiaoiiny, 'lier'i'rar:t;Ful manners, the tender tone of aflecr tioii. toa rds both Tath er; a n d m o t i u r i n t h e home of which "she was,' no doubt, the center of light, and of ihe ideal j as well as the real; for while she was delicate arid ruimdj.n nun i was also, logical and: profound and manner, in reasoning upon any subject. that was intro duced during the course or the'conver.-ation- . '.us a Lucy Stone is pioneer in the. worn an movement, and ujicn she va5 present! d to the", InternatioUarKAmneil in -- -- verywhc-Te'rccogm'c- Washington, the entire innurnse audiiee ro e to their ieet This was an appreciative reeogni--dion- , that must have been extvedingl v'grateful. She has; been one .of the., hardest and most un tiring workers for 'these 'many years, in the cause 7shehas M ardently and vigor ujy espoused, and .h& k sux'csully maintained against the tide of. public- opinion, and the opposition of avvast majority of her own s' x, a3 well as those of the sterner sex Jtnd. the dominant party.. ,'. ' . . L TireTea renoi a b cr rtfreiiflraTre" leaders who proudly acknowledge themselves; the converts of- Lucy Stone; ami I must confess that I fell, in love with 'her the moment I saw her, and shall never forget how my heart went put to - her : when we talked together of the East and the West; and compared notes, and above all when I found she was "born in the same town as in v own dear mother. ' Lucy Stone's speech in the. International Council is full of interesting reminiscences of the suffrage work and its Workers. She referred to the Woman's Rights Convention at Seneca Falls in 1818, but said long,, Inform that the idea was. in the air; but she adds: "The idea beeame.incarnate in the anti slavery struggle." She spoke of the oppoitunity for equal education beiriuriinL' when ' Oberlin CoJIei'e was fouuded in 1832, and says, "This was the grey uawn or our morning. its sure day eume when Sarah and, Angelina Grimke and Abby Kelly began td speak, publicly in behalf of the slaves. Public "speaking' by women was reAll the garded as something monstrous. cyclones and blizzards which prejudice, bigotry and custom could raise were let loose upon these three fearless women; but they" held last to the eternal justice." 1 - - : r - -- "In ls;7 Independence Hall ..; iu Philadelphia was set on fire and torn down while" Angelina' Grimke was speaking." tke-4ia- dl . ol the 1 In fouse of 1S'38 she spoke RefH-cscntattye- in . , anti-Slaver- e " - toral letter against the,, public speakiug of women." "The letter was read in all the churches." "She sat in' the gallery of ' the churph at North Brookfield, Mass., and heard it read. The body of the house was ing with people" and black with clergymen. Rev. Mr. Bladen, who was supposed' to bo the author of the letter, walked up andxlown the broad isle while it was heirig read; anti turning his head fromside to side; as he looked at us in the gallery his manner said, "Now we have . -- . - -- " fr - - - ' -- anti-slaver- y e Mrs.-Live- r " audit vi-i- t. - anti-Slaver- y " --- . : " . - , . -- Ibee-viisrtronmee- s Massachusetts. It was packed ai it probably never was before or since. ' "Some," she says, "from1 curiosity to hear a woman, and soaie to create. an uproar; but they forgot it all in the eloquence and earnestness of the speaker." Illustrating the prejudice against women speaking and so forth, she gives an interesting 'incident'-of experience of Abby Kelly as a member of.a business committee of the' Society. When she was asked to resign,-shsaid, "Is it because.' I am. not' competent? If so I will resign." "Oh, no, we know you are competent." "Then," said sh:;, "if it is because I am. a woman I will nut resign." "In 1837," Lucy Stone said, Vthe Association of Congregational, ministers issued a pas- some convention heldwhen her first daughter wa" a baby. ', I 'have forgotton the timt.and-plac- e, but "I remember how proudly she heid teens. If I ever had felt bound to silence by up the baby, at the house where she was enter--- ' misinterpretations ,of Scripture' texts, or believed that equal rights did not belong to women, tamed ana saao; wupu u sue juuk ukc Mrs .Mott was our ideal cretia Mott?" that pastoral Jetter broke my bonds;" most persuasive advo --"Six years later T went to Oberlin on pur7 woman, and one of the Janus Mott was always pose to'study Greek and Hebrew, and 'read; the' vates of the cause; texts in the original. and there. I found the in- -' with her, and the beautiful harmony of tlveir xt&A the best answer to the objection abwit spired truth that God doves his daughters as lives It wat at the Syracuse! "discord in families-well as His sons. I graduated in 1847, and that I first met Susan Anthony,,., during that year made my first public speech conveirtion woman's rights in my brother's pulpit at and for: years after we Tvent through many ; hard experiences together." Gardner, Mass." .;' I Ier speech, all the. way .through,' is exceedVe'"in tended to have made this u sort of por' would and if permit trait of Lucy. Stone, Mary A. Livermore mu spaca ingly interesting, cau onljtouch a; Julia Waril II (nve, but there seemed to be. so we -- w'ould nst'TitraHbut-vv- e few of her strong points. She commenced by '.much connected with Lucy Stone's experience felt she but on subjects, lecturing different to that of the other suffrage women, the condition in which woman was placed so that she stands qui-tpreeminent, and deserves it she into "scattered evf that speech.' ry deeply, even, much .more of a sketch than can be given She told the abolitiouists when they objected, her .in. one article, su. that items of "that she was. a woman before she was an abolis. Howe's life and public work are more tionist, and she "must speak for women. ' ,. reserved for another number. Lucy Stone "mafle ." up her mind to work I siia'll ever remember with great pleasure wholly for women, but the anti slavery people to Lucy Stone, and the house, its my were, no jloubr,-- unwilling to give up her t m n a cfii fiiati on, tli e room where li p r de ? k jro -i n llm'irce s - an ar rangemen 4rtqneiienastands, and where she sits and writes the edi- made that she shoulo speak Saturday torials and 'other article- - that go out from this ' Sofor the Sunday evening and ' distinguished woman, and help to educate and ' ciety, and be free to lecture tin" rest of the enlighten many thousands of other women and week for -- womaii's rights. She tells of the them broader views and higher aspirations solitary battle she undertook, not knowing, of give E. 15.. W. any one outside the abolitionists, sympathizing with the idea, and they; apparently, afraid" ot V e it. give a paragraph in her own words, which may.. perhaps, stimulate the efforts ot EMPRESS VICTORIA OF GERMANY. someoj5e else who may read it, and show them that great things are not accomplished all at Quee n Victoria's" eldest daughter 'has under- - , " once, and that toil, perseverance and selj- taken charity and social work5 aihong. the d.enial are necessary in the accomplishment "of women of that country, which is looked upon a sublime purpose: by the ."majority as aggressive, and which has "The papers were not as ready then to re made her somewhat unpopular." The Berlin port a woman s rights meeting as thev are to correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette says: , Con news Seneca and of the the Palis day, vention .had not reached me. In Hanover "The new Empress has English ideas with streel, Boston, was a boarding house kept by a , regard to the position of women. The German very respectable retired - sea captain and his men feel this, and are very apprehensive of the force, of her . example when it' will be given "wife, 'where I could get mean for 12 ceuts and G in bed for same" from cents. the I the throne. As I write, German's are" lodging slept ' with tAo of the daughters,' in the attic occupied anxiouslywoudering how long their new Em- . from them only by the servants, and separated peror will be spared to reign over them, for small I a had some hand curtain. bills here 'there is no encouraging doubt in men's by printed, and as I could not pay for posting minds as to the nature of his disease.. If them, I bought a paper of tacks' and put them public opinion is right as to this, I fear the for a a stone hammer. A up myself, using Empress w ill be able Jo do but little by excollection was taken up at the close of each ample and precept in behalf of her German sisters.. If their fears are idle God meeting. I went around with the. hat myself; ' it. . she grant), may yet live to do a noble work in., Afterwards Miss Stone decided, thorough the thaxmuse of woman" in the Fatherland, a work which will, .perhaps, do more for the influence of friends, to take a fee at the door; and for the permanence of the German nation she had refrained from it, because she wanted ' everybody to hear what she calls "the good than did ever Koniggratz or Sedan." gospel of equal rights," and she says she could The following paragraph is the reply of the not see that her audiences were any smaller. Empress to an address presented to her' from She had met with ridicule.and misrepresentathe women of Berlin. ;;,'' tion, especially from the press. Here is an instance; "For a number of years it has been permit"After "one lecture in Indiana, ted me to labor with the women of Berlin for paper reported that I" had beem found in the the good of the female sex, for their education, smoking a cigar and swearing like and for the alleviation of their material and ' a trooper. Another closed a denunciatory social wretchedness. Thanks to the intelligent article with the words; 'You aid extended to me, much don't and has been accomplished; but more remains to be you come here!' Another expressed n find vr'rrlila to n oMnlm. nrisiP wnrnnn'ij achieved. JWuh sinceredevotion and eager and said woman, of enthusiasm, L place my whole strength at the 'they had always thought . ' ,r rr f il.. 1!.. , mo us 01; van in Amburgh s service of our people. I confidently expect from the women of Berlin, as well as the rest nienarene Lucy Stone described her first meeting with of Germanyy after the many evidences that have reached me, that they will in the future, Mrs. Stanton very prettily, and it shows plainly as in the hew reverently the advocates of. the woman's past, readily work- witfume in the great task devolving on womanhood, namely cause regarded the dear old Quakeress, Lucretia Mott, to whom they all were ever ready to to alleviate distress and suffering, create pure accord voluntary, homage, happiness, and lay a sure foundation for all . truly human virtues by the' proper nurture.oi "My first meetiDg with Mrs. Stanton was at the . V She yr nt on to nlenccd you." sa)VlT was a young school teacher; still 114 my fc ; , well-bein- the-mornin- bar-roo- she-hyen- self-sacrifici- a, its-sur- -v -- -- , - ' young." g, 