r, - -- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ; 96 in memoriam; invited - to' spend a Jew "Jioura with our genial irif nd, Mrs. INellie Parkinson, with a few other sisters. It was not loDg before dinner wasannounced, when we all sat down to a well spread table. Traveling in these; mountains, as a general thin. makes people enjoy their food; it was so with us in this Afterwards we-we- re' , " case.""T.vwe"bid ourtkihd friends good-by- Died, at Payson, after an illness of a fewweeks, Sept. 26, 1888. . .Magdelena Baer Sabin, beloved wife, of the late David Sabin, and a faithful member of the Payson Ward Relief Society.., . Deceased was born May 9, 18 22, In Switzerland. She "was the mother of twelve children, of whom one son and three daughters are now located in Zion.v She was bajf fizedinto the Church of Jesus Christ ef Latter-da- y faints in th year ,1843, emigrated in 1877. She lived true to the covenants she had made, and her greatest desire was would embrace the Gospel. She 'did. that, all ..she could according , to her power and abilUy4o-Jie5- fr the work along,' in which she tvas engaged, and died in" hopes of a' glorious, resurrection. We feel to offer to - her memorythe following . . and this- beinsr our laL,.pIace to visit on this tour, .myself and Sister Ilawjces return to. our homes in Franklin, Sister Hendricks haying left us before, and we3 feel very grateful to our heavenly Father that he has assistedus in our - 0 . e34yH 30 'in i weak n ii in v in irviiHT in up ; eat-pri - their Relief i rw ith iiur hw rra i.u "M . .FranklinrIdahorNov.-8,-1888- . . NOTESANDNE VS.t of Christine of the finest swimmers in tha world, She recently 8 warn across the Bay of St. Sebastien. followed for security by a boat. The traject took three-- . quarters of air hour; rour ladies tried to swim along witb the Queen, but gave up after . a quarter of an hour. ,' ... 't.-. i ..... "... the received from returns to the According Department' of Agriculture over two hundred to the Jdormons haveemigrated-from.-UtaCanadian Northwest during the past season. The settlements already established south of the .Canadian. Pacific are .thriving. East Des Moines has a school named in- On the niuth of honor of Louisa Alcott. October, by a happy thought of Mrs. Maria Orwig, this school was presented with a beau ti- - Spainri3 Baid to be one ; .' ' Baer Sabin, and, ; ister-was iV'hereas, -- our departed friemi-an- d worthy: of -our warmest affection, we feel that some proper recogni- - ,. tion of her goodness and virtue be had among us, there- -' fore, 'be it Resolved, thaTwe the members of the Relief Society of the Payson JA'arddeeplyjnouriilhe loss of-u- r sister and hold br name in affectionate remembrance. Resolved, that we extend our sympathy to hexfamily; and that we try to live that we may be preparer! to meet her when we have finished our work here below. Resolved, that these resolutions be spread on our . records, and that a copy be presented to her family, and also a copy be sent to the Woman's Exponent. . -s- ... -l- rprtraTtbfAIisdAlcott's-nrother.-- ' ; Ann Pickering, Ann Nebeker, A itTEM es i a White, '' Y ' Helen Huisii, ANNI e Amy z Tayloi. Hancock, Committee. El.UABEfrU SCHREAM, OBITUARIES. For the Exponent. ' - -- 7 eip En IjBE Died, at Oceanville Long Island, N. Y Nov. 6, '88, of typhoid fever, Mary Eliza, wife of Wm. R. Sopher-andaughter of Richard and the late Amy Bower, born June 15, 1834 Was baptized Into the Church of Jesu Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, by her father, in 1861; and remained faithful to her belief. always oyely-motheiTb To the memory of Barbara Morgan M aughanbelo ved; of W. H. Maughan. She departed this life Sept, 19, 188S, aged. 53 years 8 months and 27days; .she leaves a husband and; family to mourn her loss. Her mortal remains were followed to the meeting 'hoase by her family, ' and. the officers of the Ward Relief Society, where Prest. Pitkin, Bishop Hughes and Bishop Molen spoke in praisi and eulogy of the pure life arid many virtues of our ' beloved friend. i She was Counselor to the President of the Relief Sookty in this Ward, being released on account of failing health," with a benediction and a blessing from-thsisters, ashej counsels were always gentle and loving. She war&ne of the pure in heart, and died as she had lived, beloved and esteemed by all who knew her, in full faith of a glorious resurrection and rQnion in the life to come. sin SALT LAKE CITY. " The Leading ' Retail -- OS s It wife and ' great trials. The heart, of every-- child went out with warm love to Mrs. Alcott, and six hundred little .voices sang for very gladness this lirst recognition of good mothers, who are to be remembered hereatter as example and inspiration, just as good fathers and good men have always been. OTLSe. . HOUSEHOLD RECIPES. e The following recipes we can highly recommend as we nave tneu mem: Mhu--r Ktf.it TnimrU Fivi tp.in fresh .beef chormed raw. -, Us o pounds beef sutt thupped fine and cleared from strings1 seven pounds of apples chopped fine, five, pounds raisms seeded and chopped, five' pounds currants washed and cleaned, one pound of citron cut up fine, five tablvspoonsful powdered cinnamorf, three tablespoonsful powdered mace, tablesooonsful-"powdered,loves- , two tablespoonsul -t- wo.. . . . : , .1 tvtilmefrs- powucreu applet;, ivvu uwicbuuujiui five pjunds brown su'ar, one pint best brandy and enough fresh cider to render nice and juicy. After mixing alto gether boil ten or fifteen minutes. ... . - "fnend after friend departs, U ho has not lost a friend ! ,1 . '. ' ": '." "There is no "uniorTTierebf Iiearts That find not here an end. She is not dead whose noble mind : "Lifts thine "on high . ToTive in hearts we leave .behind, Is not to die." . "z .' I 1 '" 7 : "; ' " '.''- - sugar, seven tablespoons cold ..water, three cups flout, four teaspoons baking powder. Bake 'the paste in 4our pie tins;1 when done cut each open E. W, nd insert the cream. "CaiSTreggsTVwoups Will be found " latest styles ' in pxoductions " LACES, RUCHES, EMBR0DERIE3, FANS, GLUVJiS PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES-. -- - And an elegant aasortmenf of '' GOODS; llepariuient for Ladies' Misses' X)E3T. 'ZZ'Z Special r Wellsville, Oct, 30, 1688. Cream Cake. 'flavor with vaniSa; cook well. ' AT TEaTsDEL'S and tf "fan t' . ; aind Sb(ws, ' Ifi-- " -- 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Street EATIIAM. ' Cream, one quart milk, three eggs, one cup siigar,7three tablespoons flour, one teaspoon butter; - k Special to the Ladies. " " 1 . Committee. courageous she was in the midst of poverty - Oh sleep dear Sister, 1 Till Gabriel's trump shall sound. JYou'll awaken from your slumber To receive a righteous crown. ; ' Mrs. Pratt, the "Meg" in "Little Women'," and Mrs. Adams, of Dubuque, Mrs. Orwig and Mr. Ive3, the artist,, cgmbiued to aecuie the picture The presentation day was a gala day for the school children. They knew about Louisa Alcott and loved h er as all school child ten do. But they did not know about her wise and . Sleep . . c She has filled hef earthly mission And is wanted up above; To continue in good labors all is peace and love. - h Tuliife-$izf- V r- -' k " has seen fit to take from our society our sister; TMagdalena -- 4 , ' . ' . Adopted, by the sisters of the 4th District Relief Society of the Payson VVard To the memory of our" esteemed Z sister Anna Scharrer: Whereas, it has pleased God in his infinite wisdom, to lake from" our midst , " by tjie hand of Death , o ur woithy ahd beloved ttsXpAm in the Relief Society Vherea, wc, herellow-laborer- s friend a have feel that wl andsister; be it therefore 1 Ipst our and we esteem tender that Jove and heartRescjytd, felt sympathy to Bro. Henry Scharrer and family, and ' condole with them in their bereavment while we submit to the will ofan alwiseGod who doeth all things well. Resolvedj th.it we spread these resolutions on the So- ciety record; and present a copy to the family, and also to the oman's Exponent for publication. WhereasfTTrtheprovidmceofOTi x- . OF RESPECT. . in -- the hope of a RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT.: - ". - RESOLUTIONS ' ' in fulLajJ.hofjheGspeland ' . glorious resurrection. - -- . plaining, and resigned in trouble. . v i leges 4hey can enjoy-i- n: - We have traveled . er her-childr- Jive about, les mi u h udred and seventy" one by team, and ' held ten meetings. The sisters treat us kindly in everv n ace. 3lav the JLord bless tliem in duties is the desire of their their responsible - '". sister, xjLizaijetu jcoa. Societies.- . . . e; assist' in opening up the Mission in Southern Utah, Passed thorough" nil&ny trials and afflictions, and also much suffering iu her last sickness, caused by liver complaint and old ape.- She was the 'mother of three children iwo of whom are ' to eighteen. She was very Irving, and grand-mothmodest and unassuming in manner, patient and uncom- 4 Died, at Payson, Sept. 16, 1888, Anna, th beloved Born Dec. aist 1817. vleard, wif of Henry Scharrer. "and embraced the Gospel in the fall of 1857, being the ' oniy one of a large family embracing, it; emigrated with her husband' and two children to JJtah in the vear i860. In answer to a call, went with her husband and family to IDJrVTJD TIN TIERS . Ss T-2ivE!S CS,V ATE R J CO., STEAM FITTERS celebrated LIFTa4-- FOR - E .Fuoips Repaired ou short notice. oMers Jn th country proniptly responded to. rAgent for RUjiskyS i PUMPvS. arAiir:j. Ui.'Z3i Est 3C3. CilTASE CIt7. " ' 1 