f" 11, WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EDITORIAL NOTES. North Ward; each gave a verbal report, showing local wards. There the condition of the R.,rr.in the Y. L. was also a report from the President of;the M. LA. of Manti. the conjoint tneet-o- f In the evening we attended ' the Y. M. and Y. L. A regular pro was rendered.' The gramme of exercises treated upon were Interesting, and the' association, is no doubt making good progress. Wednesday morning, in company with Prest. Maiben'and, his amiable wife, also Sister Alvira ,nri thp architect.' Bro. Fulsom. we had the the Manti Temple, pleasure of going through which is row nearing its completion. No Latter-daSaint can enter one pf these sacred edifices erected for the most Jioly prdinances,withoiit feelinward ense of the great ing inspired with e deep mission to be performedtherein for the living and ' for the dead. The same afternoon the two Primaries held a he Council, House, Miss Olive joint meeting f the meeting are Lowrey presiding. Brief notes-oMaiiti we given in another column While in were entertained at Bro. Wareham's, where we "en joyed our vis i f ve r m uch indeed . T h e i r d oo r s are always open to "the sisters who travel from time to time in the interests of the organizations, and the spirit of love and of peace overshadows pf this life." 'JacThe sub-jec- " ts ." rv . (- rzi. -.- '. - Prayer was offered by President Charles Sperry. The choir sang, f Z- d Wednesday, Dec. 7th, 1887," at 12 o'clock, Prest. Mary Pitchforth presiding. Choir sang, "''Thou dost not weep, to weep alone " tt -- At the residence of MrS. C. Dallas, the young ladies of the 17th Ward Mutual Improvement Association held their regular meeting, Wednesday evening, Dec. 14th, in the form ofa surprise on the Secretary, Miss Ella Dallas. President Julia' C. Howe stated that the object of the meeting was to do honor to the Secretary. Opened by singing, "Let us treat each other by kindly." Prayer by Sister Howe. Contin-ieSinging, "Sowing." The following progr?mme was carried out: Miss Lizzie Smith presented the Secretary, Ella Dallas, with a writing desk, completely furnished, and a hymn book, both having the name of the Secretary on them, and the following address prepared and readf by 'Vickie Clayton," accompanied the presentation or the same: In behalf of the Y. L. M. I. A. of the Seventeenth Funeral services in honor of Sister E. R. Snow Smith were .held: in the Nephi Tabernacle, on . ' . "Rest for the weary soul. ' i Prest. Pitchforth said we had met to pay a tribute of respect to our friend and sister, Sister these sentimentsr graiefully ex pressed to the Secretary- Miss Ella Dallas, Ward, -E R S no w-- S m i thzS he-w- a sT heiEe ct Lady-of- 1 Zion, and was a noble woman, and she proved herself worthy of the trust committed to her care. Thursday morning, bright" and early, Pres. Peterson arrived ready to drive on to Mayfield. The air was very frosty and the way was cold and Told of Sister Snow's kindness when the valleys the goodly somewhat dreary; notwithstanding were first settled. "We mourn her loss and so on account converse couldn't we much, company ciety, but cannot help but rejoice that she v . of the cold air. true and faithful." Hoped we would emuWe reached Mayfield in time to keep the aplate her virtues and follow her example. She had o'clock." we Here finished her work and gone to her reward, but she pointment made for eleven - found the sisters had a new ReliefSociety Hall, would live in the hearts, of the Saints forever. and to the which does great credit Saint owes Sister Eliza a tribute proves place "Every Latter-dain and. L; their. untiring energy good of respect." perseverance :; the and M. from Olson Deseret the maet, read L. News works. Sister Sister A. presided, Bigler a sketch of her life. ihg was "well attended, a good spirit prevailing. more After partaking of a warm dinner, made Sister Maranda Bryan said Sister Snow had lived a pure life. "We should try to emulate her agreeable still by the pleasant company assembled, was where there the partystartedor. Gunnison, noble example." Peterson. o'clock. Prest. for three an annhintmpnf Sister Jane Pictoh said we had met on "this rr he" havine' learned it was not safe to cross the river peculiar occasion Jtos how oloFTese c F t A U f aI ac r further couftril Afra mi uau ivj.ji "J: IUC Ileal CM ..ta .honored dead. "Ot'r sister was endowed With "jf, in around, so that we were late reaching Gunnison. precious gifts; her nalne is immortalized; she has Sister The meeting had already commenced, done much good in Organizing, and we should be was The attendance Helena Madsen presiding. grateful to our Father that she lived as long as she . e it . 1. 11' ti. 1 t one pan own euiiitaucj iu wi y did. May it be said of. us when we havedeparted, very large.1 in Association were seated, and it was evident they They have kept the faith and been true to the. end.' " Singing, enjoyed the instructions quite as well as the older ' l people. Verbal reports were given by the Pres. ' . '''SisPr, thnn wast mild and lovely. of the Y. L. and P. A., and ail seemed to enjoy. Sister A. L. Bigler said all who would hear or the coming together. . Pres. Peterson gave out an read of Sister Snow would respect her, and she appointment for a special meeting in the evening. would live forever in our memories. She desired The travelling party repaired to Bishop Madsen's' to be humble and faithful. where we had a most enjoyable time. Atteniled Sister Hannah Grover felt that no good word the evening meeting; Bishop Madsen presided, that could be said was too much for Sister Snow - o iirAra .troll VnrCfr onrl ntr- She had gone home to her Father's house, and p.m TJ.'n there was rejoicing there. She knew that our Sis tainly all must have been encouraged to persevere ter was the Prophet's wife when he was living. in the path of duty, by the fatherly counsel and inShe had been intimately associated with Sister struction imparted to them. Snow in the Temple, and she loved to look upon Friday morning Bishop Madsen and wife and Elder Metcalf. joined the party, and we drove over her 'beautiful face. "It would be well for us tb to Fayette. Meeting was appointed for 2 square ourselves and follow her example." Sister M. E. Ttasdale felt incapable of speakJane Ann Bown presided. At Fayette, as in all other places we visited, there was a warm ing on such an occasion. She loved Sister Snow, and she highly prized a letter lately received from welcome for all the party. We stayed at Bishop her. ' She had gone to associate with Her husband Bartholomew's, where we spent a very pleasant and all the faithful Saints who had passed away, evening with his interesting family and relatives. and she thought there was great rejoicing when 'Very early Saturday morning we left for Juab, and she returned. reached there in time for dinner, and to catch the Patriarch J. G. Bigler spoke of his early actrain, reaching home at evening and finding all well.- quaintance with Sister Snow, and of her integrity The visit was-iunder all circumstances. Spoke of her valuable every respect a pleasant one, and long to be remembered from the friendly writings ; said they were appreciated. association and congenial companionship of the Prest. Sperry told some interesting incidents brethren and sisters with whom we traveled, and connected with his acquaintance with Sister Snow. wherever we tarried upon the. journey. Said her name would be handed down to posterity. Dkar Ella : - . . ot 1 4 1 1 A an r C A? on1 f A?r An i y t a rrift - 00 rAresteem from us, and ever remember that no matter where you may go, you will carry the love; respect e ana rsiwisnes gann nr sinrere inenni with whom you have been associated in the Y. L. M.I. A. of the 17th Ward. The friendship that has taken root in our hearts for one deserving of so much good is eternal, and our prayer is that you may live long upon the - n r A - OL-xn- earth, that the path of usefulness you have trodden in the past may be continued for many years -- 1 p.m-Siste- ' -- i - five years volving upon you. At every meeting you have blessed us with your presence and aid, always on time and at your post, unswerving in the performance of your duties, and striving to help those around you. - It hasyer been your object to spread sunshine in the paths of the discouraged, to cheer the hearts of those in sorrow, and to alleviate the burdens of the depressed. From your noble ter, full of love, charity, sympathy, patience, and others of those attributes which win love and ap- realize in you a faithful and valu" JreaaUojwe -- nHlend-uch h v fFm-- a a n e m following. We feel blessed by your presence. and as sincere friends we desire to express our feelings of gratitude and appreciation for the great good you have been aud still are doing forus. y c " past you have occupied the labori- jiisposition as Secretary in our Mutuals, and have been untiring in performing tne many amies deFor ed -- 4 PLEASANT GATHERING. A . MEMORIAL SERVICES. : ' 5 - v their habitation.- - Benediction by Bro. George Kendall. M. E. Teasdale. the demon alcohol to entrap the unwary. The tale is told: with a depth of pity and tenderness,' that should 'waken a responsive chord in the heart of every person, to work for the rescue of precious souls from the horrors of intemperance. This little book is bound to be a powerful aid in such a work.- The price places it vyithin the reach of all. May it be, widely read. It is pretiily "bound arid 'Yully7'inustFateoT7T6F:saIe"'at James -- "' Dwyer's Book Store, price, 50 cts. ' v "Creation'speaks with awful voice." Phelps, is a pathetic story of the net woven by; , . Fisherman," by. Elizabeth Stuart Choir sang, tn rome. , . Vickie Clayton, In behalf of the Association. A song, with guitar accompaniment, was then xendered by Lizzie Smith; Recitati n by Priscilla Smith; song, with guitar accompaniment, by Viola . Pratt. Sister M. Y. Dougall then made a few appropriate remarks, endorsing the sentiments expressed in the address, and felt that they were not over estimated. Clayton. Sister Ella Dallas then made a few remarks, thanking the Association far the honors paid her but she desired the good will of the members far more than the gift. . Sister Howe then endorsed the sentiments al ready expressed, and gave us all some very good advice, especially in regard to health. 