t 172 : v ROMAN'S EXFNENTi ;' I H WOM tVN'S "EMMELl.SJ'Br WELLS tm T Y tJ ONENT. - the-pecul- Eiitot. in Suit Lake City, Utah Terms: Published one copy one year,. S2.00; one wpy six months, 51.00, Ten. : f. ' r copies' for the price of nine. ; " Advertising rates:-- Each square, ten lines of nonpareil A. pace, one time, 22.50; iper month, SS.00.', ; .: to regular advertisers. Street, second South office,-NTemplo .25 E.t Exponent from 10 a.ra gate east of Deseret News'Offieo. Business hours ;' ." : to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday.. to communications , busmens v Address all .' . 'mjnlMllEH WOMAN'S. EXPONENT, ' o are in no need of pecuniary Utah,-wh'....The late conference will" WWg remembered, "it women of circumstances inT Q)istance; but jhave remunerative employments only on.accourit of ope to all those'who are able to work, and plural which the Saints are living; the many brethren in and wives, like other wives, have domestic duties" to exile, jn prison. and in bonds; the attachment " '"'".'r"'""""--- : time, seizure of property belonging to the Church, and "employ their 'The N. W. S. A. ConVention appoitited two new other great changes that are developing, are-alrepresentatives'. for Utah,- one Gentile, and one laid for important factors in the foundation being Mrs.-Eil- y S. 3Iprmon Mrs. AftKur Brown and furture. i " semi-monthl- , liberal-discoun- o. " . J: ' Salt Lake City. Utah. iar - the great ,1 Richards: Mrs. Richards had the opportunity of That there is a great and glorious future in store speaking in the. Executive session, and apparently locthoseyvho observe thexommandments.of God, touched the hearts, of all present (except two Saint vvha attended- trie conference no Latter-daSouthern women); for 'a;.'v5te was called asking could doubt for' a single moment. j the expression of the meeting' on the subject. ' D. E. On Sunday Vterrioon, April 8j Apostle It is our intention-tpublish the articles of the Richards presented the authorities of the Church": Constitution voted, upon at the International to be voted for, and all werS sustained in theTF Council." Clara Barton's paper on the Red Cross the previous Conference in October. places as-Society certainly is one of the most ititexesting it-been that", stated Richards "Apostle given, and contains many excellent lessons profitdeemed, advisable'to omit the full statistical report able and practicable to our young women. , of the Church,' and of tiie Relief Society, Young Ladies' and Primary Associations at the present EDITORIAL NOTES. Conference. Our late lamented sister, Eliza R.. Snow Smith, has been president of the Relief So- " In company with Sisters. Zina D. H. Young and ciety ever since its organization in these moun-tain-visitedJiieL.. alt. .Lake. Stake B i n examp ed d i igenee-fand hal ab o re i ts welfarerTTid ad vauceinent. Jler.deatlriiqw-leave- s AcademjviriarsxIayrApriHT teachers greatly interested in the w drk ; of the' Sister a without the organization president. schoolroom and fully realizing the import- Zina D, Young was her first counselor. It is now '. ance of teaching the children of the Latter-damoved and seconded .that she be made president. Saints the principles of the Gospel. They "do, Sister Young was chosen by unanimous vote: The however,need encouragement from, the parents and selection .of her counselorswas consideratfon. The following general officers of those who have the future of Zion' at- heart; the. Relief Society were then sustained. , Sarah Though unexpected to either of us we were invited to speak, and wee- each . occupied a few M. Kimball, secretary ; Romania B . Pratt, assistminutes time in addressing them, though totally liofne,- treasurer. .;- ant secretary; M; unprepared. It is subject,hoveyer, of the deep- Brother Richards explained th'ath'e didnof have est interest to mothers, and we hope that in the the names of all of the Central Board of the future there will be more positive encouragement Young:Ladies' Asociarions. Elmina S Taylor given to this" most commendable institution of was sustained as president, and Mary E. Cook as , " learning. secretary, v V y On Saturday, March 4Xst ; Sister Zina D! H.' Of the Primary Associations' organization, Louie Youngattended the anntj?l Meeting of the Prim-- " Felt was sustained as president, and Cornelia H. .ary Association of Smithfleld. It was quite an Clayton as secretary." event with the children; thetanization was ef-- r fee ted by Sister Zina just nine years before, and ' she was able to discern N. W. S. A. CONVENTION. t improvement and progress made since that timewhich was :The'AnnuaT Convention of the National Woman very gratifying to her. Songs,' music, essays, Suffrage Association was held on the 3rd and 4th .recitatipns etc., were creditably renderedand Sister Zina spoke to the children in her sweet motherof this month, in the Universalist Church, corner of :LTand 12th Streets,; Washington, DC: Many , ly way; she. commends the course of the presiding of the delegates to the international Council reboard. As a sut prise the children had made up a mained in Washington until after, this Convention,, purse for the president and counselor, which she making it a sort of supplement to the Council. gratefully acknowledged. The foreign delegates have been the grearattrac- The mothers of the children had prepared re- jrhments-fo- r all, and t4e)wefastefu41yTeryed Pundita Ramab'ai would at least be a curiosity. the young ladies of the Y. L. M. L A. A meet appearing as. she did upon the platform in the ing of the Young Ladies Association, was held in native Hindu costume "of white linen... Some of the evening when Sister Young gave an address the ladies- - were very handsomely attired, accord-- " which will no doubt be very beneficial and instructhe to the Uut tive. ing These associations need fosiering, and en- - , newspaper reports, quality of and the very able manner, of pre' coufagement from themothers in Israel. sentmg their subjects, must have surpassed by ; : Tim Deseret Hospital Association established . far the clothes they wore. The addfesses upon in May, 1882. has now nearly completed the 6th Social Purity will set "people thinking of the The Board of Directors have labored year. condition of. modern society, and the dangers that earnestly and energetically t6 make it a desirable are everywhere lurking to beguile the young, the place, even a home for the sick and.r afflicted . 4fioughtless-an- d Winslowthe" among the Latter-daunprotected .r-"Saints, and also for stranges. editor and publisher of The Alpha in the city of The' Board have had many difficulties to encounter W ashington, has been for years in engaged in active its permanent establishment, and have work of this kind, as well as in writing and pubexpended much time and labor in managing its lishing. Mrs. Sara Andrews Spencer, formerly affairs. Means has come in slowly, and it has Corresponding Secretary of the N. W. S. A., has from the first been work, that would dislabored for 18 or 20 years'in the Social Purity those "had courage, who riot the welfare of the work in the District of Columbia, and has be- institution at heart; but the President and Board seeched in the most touching and eloquent have been, unceasing' and untiring in their efforts ; language members of both Houses of to make the Hospital a success. Congress, It is now about year after year, for help in reformatory wdrk - she to begin the 7th year," and it is earnestly hoped has" petitioned .and" interceded in .vain.'" Her that the members of the Association who sub-.- , pamphlets and written arguments unnn thp rnn.iL scribed to it at first, and those whe have since be. lotion of society in the Capitol are enough to melt come members, will not forget that this is the ' ,zny Human heart, but all in vain so far as approtime to pay in the membership fees. If there priations are concerned ; yet Congress appropriated could be a thousand members, paying each one 40,000 dollars , at' Mrs. Newman' request for the dollar per annum, it would be so much given to- , y 7 .... - - o . at Salt Lake April City, 15, i 888. The General Conference of the Church, of Saints, which" was held Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Rih iinH iUa nf the jnrpKcnt rnnnth ' new rtU )'Ath'i TfK r ji o f unusual in terest and. the in this c t y. wa attendance during theVfour days (eight sessions), was quite as numerous, if not more so, than at aay previous Conference of ;therj?hurch held hitherto. Hundreds of strangers were present,, and many of them manifested by their strict at tention that they were interested listeners. mere were quite a number of speakers, and the doctrines expounded and principles taught, as well as experiences given and testimonies borne, Could riot fail to Impress the congregations with the sincerity, earnestness and zeal of these expounders of "the to the Saints" in former days, faith 1 4 A I c lac r ikci A UI1U llUVV,rclUICU tijaui uiiuuu wic apuauto anu Prophets in this "last dispensation of the fulness of times." To be sure the absence of most of the leaders of the Church from these public assem. bliesls deeply, felt by the members of the Church, but there are still some few left of the men hold- ,(ng high authority in the priesthood to make such an event as the late conference one of great significance, and through the influence of their mission, once-delivere- s, ' f 1 - .H m. 1 or AV-r-Smith'r-- . . -- -- 'Is-abell- a "I 1 11 1 y d 4. . J . A PR It, - CO N FE RE N CE" 1 833.- - ne -- had . the-grea- ; perseverance in good works, which is eminently essential in the. every day life of a Saint ofrCiod, and which permeating through every quorum and branch in all the Stakes of Zion here and elsewhere, causes all to partake of -- that influence ' which will assist them in their" labors to build up and establish the kingdom .of God, and bring It is ' a most important time in the history of this pe5plej and it is when so much is pending that the Lord has always manifested His power and given great wisdom to His chosen leaders and success to their efforts in behalf of His people and the work to be accomplished. The spirit of persecution which has been'raging against this people, for sometime past," has awakened curiosity; at least, to know more of the institutions which have brought down upon" the "Mormons'' such obloquy and aroused the great men of. tjhe nationlopxisifive action iriaking and enforcing prescriptive laws and punishing men for obeying a revelation from God, 05 what they firmly believed to be a commandment to them; desire on these things have created a honest-mindemen and women the part of many to know for themselves, before they lent their influence 'to destroy and break up a community of people famed fo r i nd us try, thrift and di lige rice, i n making T,the desert blossom as the rose." Thus, the very end they have sought, to attain "is being t ; hvJ thpir rrpnr r.pal- and " and so will all the designs of the adversary,. who works through the children of men, be frustrated, their-speeches-- - " -- ' . Div y -- wide-sprea- d d -- " i thw.-trter- A , ,..tl. c nvpr-rp.irhin-- p' v.- ." ' . . j. 1- - : ttj up-hi- ll -- 1 the remainder He will restrain, in fulfillment of. ' the words of the Psalmist David. . 