WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 106 each little heart is made happy and light. A 'VETERAN MOTHER. they often do with drums and trumpets and all Then the older ones receive attention, and all manner of toys, until niamma and papa and Clan3 On the 20th of Kovember last, Sister M. are served, and the wonderful man, with hi grandma are tempted to wish that Santa ' ' Isabella Home reached the allpted agei of would. never come-aga- in. snowy coat and funny voice, bids us all "good anniver- for some three score and ten, or her seventieth I have . been waitingand-Iookin- g morning, and a merry Christmas" : a i c t - - He n gone, gone! the door h cloged, and.the one to gena me-- a tory lor. tne emiaren tni3 sary, wnicn occasion lue jamuy nauj aiways to celebrate. by coming together, and jingle of the belj3 tells he in on bis way to other Christmas, buUl have decided at Iastlharthe bome3. A comparing of the pretty things, a best way to do, is to depend upon one's seii, but to make it a time of special rejoicing and fes" more' little 1 11 joking and laughing, some music, teiyou what 1 think the reason is, there tivity. But '.unforeseen circumstances marred a Christmas carol from ourbeautiful Louise, are so many dolls to dre.,3 and pies and pud their plans, and on .that day the entire family 7 and the little one's dings to make, and "turkeys and, chickens to wai in deep grief; the anxious and devoted eye3 grow dim, and peaceful 8jegpembriiceihern, while gome one enters be roasted, and so rrmany stockings to darn and mother wa3 watching with tender, solicitude by now, not a great white manilrat a beautiful, "buttons. to sew on, and dear little stockings to the sickhed otteeidestrdaTighterT-vhc- ) dieda Elizabeth H. .Webb au . nang up in me corner; ana men you Know few day 3 later.. Mrs. JuH",iJe?.. b,fl Lai1JD& vnrisLma3-giiLt- o home her in Oasis,-Millar- d around, and flitting trom oho to anolher"wTth books to buy," that I died Nov. 27th 1888, at there are so , ."many" story. ., .i her . bright, cheery words. Who is she, this guess tne laaies wno write ror tne county, after .having endured much expoxext - lovely girl, who carries light into the room as think it is not necessary. I know the children eufferingtwhich she bore with. great patieneeand C the waxen candles are like the stories they hear better than those they, fortitude. A few weeks before she had given fading, who brihgs such Her father and joy to our hearts on this cold 'Christmas' mornread, and that is the reason I wonld like to birth to her sixteenth child Tn her IaBmom enlsTalso" tell one, better than to write it, yet, if I had r rt 0 ther were by h er ing? It was our Santa Claus, but' now it is Our Em. , only What, matter that our brother not put it off so long I would write a story her husband and children, and if love and had to goout iivthe colrFun wrapped, while she -- myself, but mayj.be '.it, would, be a sad one, d intense devotion could have saved her life, she -- would have been cause I know of many liiilel ones, they-cal- l purloined hjs big rough coat and covered sparedi But a wise and loving it with cotton, and spangles; what matter that them "foundlings, who have no nice home, no Father, who doe'th all 'things well, saw fit to the bellawere missing-whe- n the sleigh "had bfgeisters to idress their dolls, no" r not even a call her hencerand it is meet to bow in humble be to used; what matter that the lights went .. mammaor grandma, and I've been thinking a resignation to the divine will and to say, "The outjn the ,hal justl when the children were; lreat deaH Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away, blessed be the name ol tne. Uord. wondering whether Santa Claus had been told romping there; it is all plain enough now, and the happy hour with Santa Claus atones for about these forlorn little ones or not. I saw a Therefore it was a time of. mourning, on whole house full of them not long ago in a Sister .Home's birthday, and consequently there every inconvenience, and the bright hour with , the pastto-nightwas no family gathering except at the solemn atones, for the rainy, dismal great city by the seashore, and I thought then of our little folks here at home, and the funeral rites afterwards on the 28th. But the She 13 gone now, bur Em, and others as beautiful young mothers, so proud and happy scriptures says "It is better to go to the house dearly loved have joined her, and it is only at for their sakes; and the dear grandma's and O, of mourning than the house of feasting," and times like these, when we can draw a curtain Sister HorneV numerous friends, even those so" many things that I cannot tell you now, over, the present and gaze into the glowing but one thing I will tell you and it is that who did not assemble on the sad occasion to coals and fancy pictures there, that "the tender all these little children want somebody to love express their sympathy, felt deeply for her in and kks and cares3 them, and their little hearts her unexpected bereavement, and would gladly grace of ac day that' is dead' can ever be recalled, pine for love, even if they have ever so many have offered the only consolation possible at nice things, for love i3 the best of all; how. such a time, that of words of hope and sincere Camelia. cold an,d dreary this world would be if there affection. But we all know how poor ad " weak language is to express sympathy in sor wa3 no love in it. Children cannot be happy THE CHILDREN'S CHRISTMAS. without love and they are entitled to it; it row, and that only the Holy Spirit can give Jaiheir right, an egacy, and -- if Santa Claus true comfort. And while Sister Home's 7 AIJ the children are on tiptoe with expectancy should bring to these motherless waifs, lots of friends extend their heartfelt sympathy m her ,, just-- , before ..Christmas timc...:.;::; What would pretty giftslhey would wani the love all the bereavement they r also , congratulate her on Christmas be in fact if it were cot for the chil8ame; and if. we could have more real true having attained the age that entitles her to dren ? It seems as though" Christmas wa3 love in the world we would all be happier for-itenter the.ranks of a- - veteran mother In Israel, children's day and. so it ought to be, for it Jesu3 loved little children, He took them with all the honors of a long life of good works it is celebrated in honor of nho most royal in his arms and blest them, and told Hi3 and noble deeds; as well as a numerous poster- babe that WftS fiVflr hnrn ti nnn txirtlt' disciples to be like unto them or they could not ity, who rise up and call her blessed, her hus- blessed Our Savior, whose coming was heralded enter the kingdom of heaven- - And He will I band also, and he praiseth her. "Yea verily; by hosts of angels singing and a new star not forget themotherlessonesnd the Heavenly she stretcheth out her hand to the poor; yea she nrnao in fTio ooof Ion1 K Father's care will be over them, and our stretcheth forth her hand to the needy. in heaven as well as upon the earth, when the dear little children in Zion should be not Sister Horne's missien since the first organ only choirs in the anthem that happy and joyous, but grateful for the pleasant ization of the Relief Society. ha3 been an active joined heavenly ushered in the new born king. n homes, kind parents, and the love that fills one in the field at home and among this people. And RO at. Chrifitmna fima if ia nnafmYtarv tn. their hearts to overflowing, and especially on She has acted well her part; has been wise in Christmas. rejoipo in the day set apart as the anniversary her endeavors to help and to bless, and has not his ,of birth, and there is great reason for joy only been known for her benevolence and "God rest you, little children, and gladness. The children should be happy, charity in her own neighborhood and .ward, Let nothing you affright, even if they do mot have so many beautiful r but far and wide: and for " manyly ears since her For Jesus Christ your Savior V 7 and so much to eat. things,. cniiuren were grown up and could taKe ine Was born this happy, night."" The children are overflowing with exuberance care and responsibility of household duties s when Christmas comes round And perhaps I ought to tell you why I so from off her hands, she has ' given almost her there is so much merriment and festivity, and love tne ennaren, ana tnmK so much about whole time to the Wherever and public. they have more than a good time; in fact,, it is them, and feel so anxious to do something fo whenever duty called, or an opportunity offered iuiliueaiuiu w express in wpras tne giaanes tnat ttiem: itself,nshe has been valiant" hr the good? causey beams in their radiant faces. . I wonder some- and her name is known and honored through" Because of little death-col- d feet foj earth's times if they really ever do stop to think of all out all Israel. Rougfc roads unmeet, the pleasures that are planned for them. If I The poem published in this issu e is i ndica- I'd journey leagues to save from sin or harm had. plenty of leisure, I'll tell you what I tive of the intense love and appreciation of her 1: Such little feet; , would do for the .children at Christmas. Ill children, written by a dutiful; and a And count the lowliest service done for them 7 would have a children's party; not a fancy 'rV1! So sacred sweet !" daughter as a tribute to a beloved motherland ball, nor a dinner party either, but a story filial lofels always beautiful. : I wanted to tell you a story children, but it is party; and I would gather asi many of the tne last year and a halt hister tlorne utile loiKS as my House would hold, and sit too late now, and you cannot all come and hasUuring travelled thousands of miles, and has had down in their midst and tell them, stories, and listen, so I think I will write one and your many excellent opportunities of conversing theylshouldbe real ,stM with strangers upottthe principles of theGospel- and with it the a true one, even if itTmakes fully repaid shjiUjDe sparkle of the bright past, wmen sne na3 always improved by seesing w. as doss it me eyes, and the pleasure it would be to them, on Christmas ni?h you cry, allav" thfi fiimole flnrli - nrpspntincr "-1nreiiidipA: 4 J.. n fact I think perhaps they have too j Em. ' That she Aunt m many truth. years JiveJyetLmany may.. toys and gay dresses, and sweetmeats,rand sim full enjoyment of all her faculties and continue pie tales well told would be a nice change, and t.O Iflhnr fnr 7?ati liTitil ah Via onnmnlishfid then they would " keen s u iefand list en i n. r nerere nowaboufc torty-ostead of making such an uproarious noise as ministers m the Universalist Church. E. B. ; thejwish of thewriter. ,.i . . - : : - !... . . , be-ha- . ' dl . .. . , . - . , ; now-aday- - . - ' -- - . v- 1 b- - , ... 0 . 