43 WOMAN'S EXPON ENT. INDIRECTION. Fair are the flowers and the children, but their subtle ;ug- - until, finally, her daughter, Sister Brock bank, thought it time to send for her mother, who was away, by the suggestion of interested parties. Some of thoae who assembled on the occasion had not ; been there fo many years, and others had never visited there, t hough i t used to be a very popular resort in days gone by. The party gathered together in the grove, which, by the byf is a Very pleasant place for a picnic. Here a very long table or tables were set with fine linen, china, glassware and silver r as well as flQwers,and the guests brought all manner of good things in their lunch baskets, until "the table fairly "groaned with the weight of the feast." Meantituef everyone was congratulate ing Sister Howard and syrapathiziugwith her, toofor she is suffering with a sprained ankle, and old friends were greeting each other and conversing on topics of social and general interest, and all was going on' swimmingly for a; time:, fhe 0quests, fif'tv or - - more. were seated at. j the. shade , - Rare is the rose burst of dawn, but the. secret that clasps it is rarer. ' , Sweet the exultance of song, but the strain that precedes it 4&5weeterj-- i . And never was poem yet writ,but the meaning the metre. out-master- ed Never a daisy that grows, but a mystery guideth the growing, Never a river that flows, but a" inajesty sceptres ihe fiow mg. - Never a Shakespeare that soar'd, but-stronger than he did enfold him, Nor ever a prophet foretells, but a mightier seer hath foretold him. - Back of the canvas that ihrobs, the painter "is hinted and , hidden, Into the statue that breathes, the Soul of thesculptor is bidden. VT-- , -th- Under the joy that the infinite issues of feeling, the Crowning glory revealed, is the glory that crowns the revealing:. Great are the symbols of being, but that which .is symboled .is greater; Vast the create and beheld, but vaster the inward creator. f Back of the sound broods the silence, back of the gift stands tne giving; 7" 7 Back of the hand that receives, thrill the sensitive nerves of ' receiving. Space is as nothing to spirit, the deed is outdone by the ' " 1 doing; The heart of the wooer is warm, but warmer the heart of . . the wooing. ' And up from the pits where these" shiver, and up from the heights where those shine, Twin voices and shadows swim starward, and the essence " ' of life is divine. "7 v ' filCHARI) REALK. .... Hurry to or from trains should in all cases be avoided. It is dangerous to the healthy habitual traveler as well as to the invalid. Many a one has suffered permanent dilatation of the heart in hurrying to catch a train; many a one has dropped dead from thesame cause. Hurry in catehing trains tends to weakness of heart the nervou s sys tern, to ind iges t ion , and to risks of of the disease, catching say nothing cold from sitting do w:n in the carriage heated, reached home saf ely. Thus ended our "surprise, and we wondered, after all, which was the most surprised, the hostess, or the guests that were cau ght in the-- We have on hand considerable matter for storm.n Joking asider th ard grove at Cottonwood the paper, that has to be laid over for want of space. In our next issue we shall publish "The Women of Utah," Part IV, "Women- in Medicine;" also the poem,"The Cross of Light," T T , T) T A". tl xw. kj. x . ju. ouuA r, u umu auuJ r. reportSj: Correspondence, etc. for a picnic. . e-- Hq w in is a charming place ; RETURN HOME. -- j. On the 12th of May ult., Sister- M. Isabella Home, of this city, left home on a visit to her The conference of the Relief Society of. this native land. She was, accompanied by one of"Stake will be held inlhe 14th Ward Assembly her sons, and also by her sister, Mrs. Harriet Rooms, on Thursday, September 13th, and a Ellis, of Bountiful. They sailed from' New punctual attendance of presidents and officers York, after a pleasant overland trip, on the t l l is earnestly desired. On Friday, the 14th, the mi sf xne .voyage was a aeugnc-ful steamer uircassia. Y. L. M. I. A, of this Stake will hold conferone,-.anSister Horne tells us she met a ence, and on Saturday, the 15th, the Primary number of agreeable people, with whom she Association will assemble in the Assembly conversed, en route, on the condition ot this Hall conference. people and their principles of belief. The steamship arrived in Glasgow on the 30th, The secretaries of the Salt Lake Stake having been eleven days and four hours at sea. Relief . Society-a- re notified officiallyhereby t A t Glasgow the v "visited the Grand Exposition- to send in their reports, so that open there, and afterwards went to Edinboro, the Stake Secretary may receive them as early where they visited places ot interest, then on Livemool. Mrs. Home speaks of her voyaee to the reports to the Office of the Woman's E charming. experience. Clyde as1 a most PONENT. as if. will nnsaihlxr ovni'rl AQtt Tka up the , r -- IT T went 10.XT Mrs. xiorne lotung-ham- '. lrora Liverpool are wanted for the Salt Lake reports where she attended meetings of the Conference, on the 1st and 2nd of September and had the privilege of addressing By order of the President of theRelief Society' Saints, them, both in the general meetings of the baints of the Salt Lake Stake, M. Isabella Home. and in the meetings ot the Keliet bociety. On Tuesday, the 14th inst., a party of the After visiting Nottingham, she went on to friends of Sister Elizabeth Howard drove out London, and shortly, from there to Rainham, to her old home in Cottonwood to dve her a Jn had Kent,her nativa place. was and indeed a genuine one; the privilege of speaking in. the meetings of it surprise," she had not an Saints, and also in Chatham in inklng of the fact, though she the Latter-da- y had the same county. But her principal business grove-jusbut was told there was to be a there, was gathering up the genealogy of her by, meeting held there on the 15th, which wa3 family, which kept her very busy, andJ,ook her true, also. t Carriage after carriage drove up, to all parts of the county; consequently she ' - - - . i k took-nart-i- ' -- r semi-annu- In the enlre nous column of the Boston al LadyEolkestohe'sorchesUa -- t made a lively digression from (the staid customs concert giyen in aid of dig-- . of, London . tressed I rrsh ladies: itri3 asserted that "lioa- nrnKest.ra tnn lina novpr nHpmntpd n Jki. its graceful conductor of of ladies on the female persuasion' The Herald's memory is short let it ask Mrs. Saliie Joy White, who so much honors its staff,, jf it is possible for London to show amore graceful picture than and youthful figure who was the stood in the rear of gallery of the Music Hall and led an ' orchestra of "ladies only" at a most notable gathering at the Hub a few months ago, which wa3 presided . over by a woman every, whit the peer of my lady, of ata full-hlnw- , he Sun- day HerAld, commendatory notice is given of, , Herer-alsOj-s- fray taTvalkuickly have-neglec- ted d for-thei- casejTvher&nhe-perso- Tr : instead of riding. r We believe that, in the Bible God has given a form of government to the family, the church, and to .the State: and that in neither is it good for roan to be alone, but that God designs that women as well as men should share in the government (gf each. Those only; the study of the Bible-a- s who in government can deny this. In a text-boothe republican government which God gave n the plpfition Th Tarflpl. wnmpn elections then wTere by acclamation instead of by ballot, and we find the women houtiDg for David when he and Saul were running for President; and Mrs. Deborah was President of the United States of Israel during a term of forty.years. i?ev. M. A. Gault, Blanchard, la. - L3 - i Ed. motJierJnIsraeljimongJheJpeople lightning flashing, thunder crashing, but all EDITORIAL NOTES. . ne blew fiercely, dust came in clouds, and the rain begsn to fall; the guests beat a hasty retreat from the grove to the shelter of.the house, and immediately horses were brought out, waterproofs were in demand, and the pleasure-seeker- s began driving homeward the rain pouring, - r exactly three months, during which time-s- he has traveled 15,000 miles. Her sister went up. Mrs,-Horvisit-- relatives there. into -- Canafla-to has enjoyed good health during her absence, and has come home feeliug well, and in the best of spirits, to take up her accustomed duties in and among the sisters' organizations, expectiug, in addition to these, to labor for her dead in the Tern pies v,of the Lord, for those, who.se records she has obtained'while away. 1 We welcome her. home with joy, and pray that her life may be prolouged to accomplish all she desires for herself and family, and as a . thetrees wereouly sighing.inji gentle freeze all at once a dark cloudcame up and the wind ' - - Of' this interview we shall" have more to sav hereafter. Mrs. Home visited the Vy.Gman s Hospital in London, and was most kindly rer ceived by the. House Physician. Leaving- - London, Mrs. Horne returned to Liverpool, and sailed from there on the City of Rome on the 25th of July, and after an agreeable voyage, and no unpleasantness to speak of, the steamer arrived in New York on the 2nd of August. Irs. Horne reached home just when partakiDgof ice cream, which Jhad been made expressly for the occasion, aiul while , - -- - t s is felt lie ivrvL'A-1-kllKll'luJ- kept sighing and whisperingoverT seemingly-unconsciouof the eating and head,, drinking and conversation of the happy party. Apostle F. D. Richards was seated at the head of the table, and pronounced the blessing cn the food. At the extreme end of the table from .him, was President Angus M. Cannon, and Elder Josephs Home. Scattered along were a few men, hot the. company was mostly composed of ladies, and a very jovial company ' they were. Sister Howard seemed to enjoy the affair very much, but behold a change poplarSj-tha- pleasantly and profitably. Then she went back to London, where she visited the chief points .! 4f. otlrc . J W I IVU , J inrrs of the White Chapel Branch, and also the North London Branch. While in London,. Mrs. Home called at the 7 ofiiceof the Enjlh Woman's Review, where she met and con versetl with Miss Lydia Becker, -one of the leailins? sufTracre women of England, ana the Editor of , the Woman's . Suffrage tl.-.t- v otltheTgreanair eJOTg-tablemndeT,; Kent "someweeks1 spent very -- remained-in- r - made-by-the-li- the Folkestone.x. n 