1 alluded to Hie counsel given at t)c late General Kalb,CountV, where he, dicd'Jn the fall of 1867, Conference. i.Jjcing then 63 yeai's and '6 month ofu. According V. JVells each .to Lis own request, he was buried under 'an ash Tnvlor ahd E. Sisters E. a short addressed 'the' meeting time, principally tree on his own fain). Hi.s son declared that he in regard to the position occupied by the women died in full, faith in the divinity of .the! I look 0 of Zion, 'and the" many responsibilities resting Mormon and the pi oplictic,. calling of jcsepl all to diligence and faith Smith. Alter his death the. widow removed with 'Upbflrthemr " ' ' fulness. , the children tai)e Kalb, and later located at Irle Sister Horne tfave-somexplicit instructions to pendence, Missouri; Tiesides.lhe two. sons whos the sisters in relation to the newly organized Soreside in the latter place, a. daughter of John E. and lives in. Tennessee, and a third son ciety, spoke upon union particularly. , Page now Elder Joseph Borne occupied a few minutes, :. resides in Kansas-.- .. , :y As Jacksoii County, thejand of Zion, where the "TIwellTnjmostly on the importance of teaching the -children their tlie principles of the. Gospel in -.Saints id the near future-- expect- to build a temple r ... to the iClost High, and alsoK a, flolycity, in which earlyyears. After, singing, the benediction was pronounced the Lamb qt Gm shall dwell in peace, I have A". Elder A. Jones. by taken Jhe pains to collect the following from : - Jt h "' -- " e - - L , . - ' arlmis,jreJjable-S0Jurjces- ,' :,, Jackson County is Jocated in north latitude 39 degrees and 4 seconds; ilsnorthwestern corner -- of the Kansas commencing at . -li . i- -i t r . a , ....'... nI j J. uur o a ounce una tuns j ui j inc tr ai iic j j cjnciii River with the waters of the'' Missouri, the latter Organizations of the Relitf Society of which, fora distance of forty miles of itsmean-derihgof the silk industry after' The Ray counties separate it from Clay-'a'nfourteen years of incessant labor in its advocacy upon the north. Upon a straight line the distance is a great pleasure to me. TheGovernrnent has is 27 miles from the eastern to the western bound- promised to assist us by distributing ary. ineiengtn or tne eastern boundary north and south is 23 miles, and the extreme length eggs and other necessary support to encouragOlhe from its most northern point upon the Missouri industry in this .Territory, and will ajso purchase llip rrtrnnnc. nMhe 'mnrl'pfr mire cn thnt wa mov River to its "southern line is 27 miles. It Js raise them, there having teen $20,000 expended bounded on the "east by Lafayette and Johnson to establish suitable and excellent machinery, in counties, south by' Cass County, and west by the "District of Columbia.'under the auspices of the the Kansas State line, having an area of 355,404 : acres.. . also established a Division department, known as .'Jackson County presents some physical features the S'lk' Division, , which I. arri, by their desire, found in no other conntv in Missouri. There are all the I information arid statistics can furnishing JVhree elevationfs or ridges passing through it from . .1. 'ive them! it me soum nounvvaru 30 aegrees easi.-Thoearmg I therefore suggest, that each -- ward and settlewater drained from these ridges feed streams ment form themselves into united effort, and make I upon the east and west sides, those upon the east -- the enterprise a uccess.v Some one Avho underside of the western ridge" become tributaries to stands the raising of the vormsand cocoons the Big Blue, which discharges its waters into should lead out, so as to instruct and assist others the Missouri, six miles below the mouth of the with t he sfcnowledgeth&yosses$ and jr-that KansiFR and any other meansr-wemato realize" empty into the Kansas. The waters drained from a good amount of means, which would be in cash, central ridge form streams upon the west side that which we all like to handle. also become tributaries to the.Big Blue, and those Any of the sisters or Societies wanting any in. drained rom the eastern slope empty into the formation on the subject, by writing tome will be Ujuieiue, which forms the eastern boundary of duly answered, by sending postage stamp for the the second ridge. The waters of the Little Blue I but am . almost yisiryou, ham. are discharge d into th e A I issouri at a point thirty able to past eing travel, and especially alone miles by-- the - river lihereast of the Kiinsas .Waters drained from the third or east ridge form . Daniel C. Graves, Supt. streams, that also become tributaries of the Little Blue, flowirfg west, and those from the east side " ..... ' '"V" ' 'i.lL'.'iWr' which discharges its flow into the a VP THR T.AKMT HP THF PFNTPt? waters into the Missouri about three miles east . of the Nortneast corner of the country. These 111 principal' streams, having: their sources in - the' drew Jenson have beerjf making a visit during the country south and west of Jackpn County are last two months to many of the. points of intejst made up of springs that are found upon the upassociated With the early days of the Church lands in great number. Along . the streams are Their sketches have been presented to the public found bodies of excellent timber. The three in a series of well written, historical letters, pubelevations mentioned passing through the county lished in. the 'Deseret Nnvs, r and have attracted north and le.rminate abruptly on the Missouri , wide interest. The following letter, written from River the middle one having an elevation of '354 Kansas City, Sept. 12, 18SS, by Elder Jenson, will, feet above high water mark at a point four miles we think," be particularly interesting, because of north of Independence. The Jer- stenj-idgits memoir of John E. Page, given byihis aged minatesiit Kansas 'Oiyane.itiQn of 292 feet widow and his son, and because of its reference above high water mark, and , the eastern ridge to . the prophetic Jackson County,- - of which the breaks off near the northeast corner, of the coun- Saints j?o Jove to hope and sing.-'- Bro Jenson I tv. I hesc three elevations, runnine: n earl v par J says:'Vv' 3" allel with each other, the eastern and western Vesterday, before leaving Independerice, we approaching the central, finally unite or consolivisited the widow of the late John E. Page." She date 4n one ' general elevation about live. miles "lives near the Temple lot, and is about 70 years south and five miles east of thesouthwest corner her son, Justin E. Page, who of.th county, forcing a; topographic old.. From her-anowns a blacksmith shop immediately south of and xihe generel direction of which is southwest, and" facing the Temple lot, we learned that the late may be followed by the continued elevation to the John E. Page, after absenting, "himself from the summit of Pike's Peaky in Colorado, without Church.'n located in De Kalb Cnnntr , IlHnnU , -- - ' :w crossing a'single streampf water. where he engaged in farming. Later lie removed - .These elevations, with Hheir- perfectt drainage-preseto a point about six" miles north of Sycamore, De an exceedingly pure atmosphere through- - SILK INDUSTRV. t out the eniire county, thus precluding the possibility of malaria to exist to any great extent. Hence it is one of the most healthy and desirable places of Missouri,' from a sanitary, standpoint."' can be safely estimated that 300,000 acres of the entire area arc susceptible of high cultivation for agricultural purposes. The soil is very-ricand lertije and the; river bottoms are susceptible ........ . , . the-conflue- nce - s, d . silk-wor- m 1 1 1 e -b- be-enabl- y .lMHo y : -- .. Sni-a-baT- V e 1 - '. 1 d nt -- of yielding a larger crop per acre than anylother lands northwest of. .the,. Mississippi River. The lands upon which Ihe hnckleberry grows" are regarded asbeing- - the richest - and-m- ost product! veT Wheat and Indian corn are raised in abundance. The vonderful blue grass grows "spontaneously" and its beautiful carpet- - covers the whole country, lendirjg beanty to lawns and door yards, and wealth to innumerable pasture lands. Under to the enormous height of four feet, a.nditsseed spikes stand firm and erect at thehelght of two to threeJeeL. .This grass excels all others as a pasture grass. The earliest in spring to attract the ; lowing herd, it is the last to succumb to the frosts winier, auer .naving iurmsnea gooti grazing all through the spring, summer and autumn months. Timothy, orchard grass and red clover also grow with great rapidity when culti- ana inows 01 vated.'. elevatinn nf lin1 ...,..vUVi muu and between U?e Rocky Allegheny mountains the in is air Jackson County pure, healthy and sali- 7i-ino- r C" Inr.ntrrl nnnn; ihp' X hio-hp- t 13 rrfTi.crrkt nnnr tKara scarcelva day but what some sunshine is seen, . and show in winter rarely lies on the ground over a week or ten days. Jackson County is especially adapted for tirinnc Tina ct'tf Jc 3 stock-raisin- g. .. . ""Of the many sorts of timber which grow to great perfection are the huckleberry, ash, oak, elm, hickory sugar, maple, walnut etc. ; the latter nas aiiaineuji .iiejgui 01 iruni 50 10 roo ieei in ine county. iiic ' - cVM"Jr is v.cu supjjiiu . - f4,ugs ui nyevery hill side. . Wells iog wtersusinng ou of from 10 to" 50 feet deep give a supply of good limestone water. ' - ji ' f I. t. L..J. jacKSon v,ouniy is Known lor 11s imc orcitarus. Apples, peats, peaches, cherries, plums, quince and grapes are raised .in abundance, and in the berry line, strawberries, raspberries, blackberries - l r 'r':'T:r::: etc. ' Independence, Jhe country seat, is one of the oldest towns in Northwestern Missouri, having been laid out in 1827 by commissioners appointed by the General Assembly of Missouri, to a tract of land upon which" to locate a country r seat for Jackson County. The original plat con tained 240 acres, upon which there are sixteen springs of pure crystal water. Since then the city has been largely added to, and the additions made now include 600 acres within the" corporate limits. lThe. town is located upon an elevation of 1,75 feet above the Atlantic Ocean, and 33Sfeet above the level of the Missouri River, being the highest point in Northwestern Missouri, or between the Allegahny and Rocky Mountains, along the same lime of latitude. The couft house is in the rentt'e nf nne nT the highest eleva tions. 'The grounds upon which it stands comprise one acrfefand a half, being beautified by trees and a magnificent; lawn of blue grass. From th e cupola of the court house a most beautiful view :an be had7of the surrounding country. I n 1 83 there were 38 stores, 3 colleges and 12 chinch, edifices jnllndepend a number more. IrnSSi the town contained 3,250 inhabitants; nov they .claim upwards of 5,000. Thereu' at present about as much prospect for the Saints to return to Jackson County to possess it as there was anciently for: the children of Israel to return to Jerusalem from their captivity in Baby lorj,ater the $e ve nty years predicted by the. . Prophet as the period Of bondage were ended, 1111 " . ... 1 ..-- f'-T- ' :rz::: pre-em- -- lnr-ife- d 1 pt 