WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 18 ' of thought topics for the Congress are all selected, and the and i3 in harmony with the depth . on lie eany in me vui "and research which her whole appearance indi- .papers assigned, ' rules do not allow the introduction of any CateS. XUdl BUVU a4WUlUilU i5UUUm iirtYV ni"of the iiepublic seems papers not provided for in this way." This ten the "Battle Hymn Howe has told us in her gives one a little idea of the Association of only. natural. Mrs. Advancement for Women. , It is composed of own way in 1 he Century now she was inspired educated and cultured women, and they have to write it. TJbere is more' in the hymn than Ktt.Iutoo orwl sn fnrth. for tlin Assfiriatinn to her - one is likely to see, in first - reading it, and as governed by. Mrs. Howe is also President of there may be some who have never read it ap the New England Woman's Club, which Was preciatively, we republish it here m lulh organized Feb. 11, 168, making it older than REPUBLIC. OF Sorosis, the woman's club of New York City. . These clubs were organized about the same Mine Cyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord; time that the Retrenchment Associations were He is trampling out the vintage where' the grapes of wrath in Utah, since called Y. L. M. I. A., showing ' are stored; that a spirit and influence to gain, knowledge He hath loosed the fateful lightning of his terrible" swift 'Viwl ii fill. Tffu Kit rvrrYOnlvo'l &Vtrt f"Ac ' ..v..-- , ' -- . "J b; sword; obfirst world. in "The the was abroad, other, His truth.is marchiug on. vV ject of the N. E. Club was to organize the I have seerj him in the watch-firof a hundred circling women of Boston vat that time working singly in the.various fields of philanthropy, into a camps; to thus and ; l3!ieyJiaVCtMW body, compact greatly enlarge damps; their usefulness, the severely useful .being, as" I can read his righteous sentence by the dim and flaring we outsiders acknowledge with proper humili.' lamps. ty, the watchword of New England." The ' is His ., is from Olive day marching on. an article by quotation made here Thorne Miller mi Woman;" rAs I have a de I have read a fiery gospel, writ in burnished rows of steel; cided preference in favor "of everything that "As deal with -- , - , es "-- "'." Men-o- . . " " .ime-mbers- '.f'Lll .lh of seat:;" O,- - be sjwift, ' - ' ' ; . : - be jubilant my feet! Our God is marching on. fnyoul, to answer him! to Ahagail: As to your extraordinary code of laws, l ean but laugh. . " . ' it, we kno vv better than to re-- " upon Depend ' A ltrjougHTthey'TT peal ou rmaseuiine systemsr-are in full force, you know they are little more e dare not exert our power to than theory. its full latitude. May 7, 177G, Ahagail to John: I cannot say that 1 think you are very generous to the ladies,for while you are proclaiming peace and good will to all men, emancipating all nations, you insist upon retaining an absolute power ' -'. over wives. . . -- . :- Mrs'. J. Ellen Foster, of Iowa, urged upon the. Republican Platform Committee at Chicago . . free, ' . While God is marching on. "' ' ' I ... . . In the "beauty of the liiies Christ was born across the sea, With a glory in .his bosom that transfigures you and me; As He died to make men holy, let us die to make men r -- the necessity of & pronounced utterance on th' temperance question. - The.-justi- ce that must surelyfollow & reequalizatiop of the -- sexes pay the sacrifice of those small gallantries, which are only acquiredand no outgrowth of the soul within. A woman could well afford to stand in a car for twenty minutes or more, going home from, her work, if ehe felt she had received for her labor the same amount of money a man would have earned for that Woman's Chronicle. amount of work Ilev. James Freeman Clark,the distinguished author and Unitarian minister.died at his home would-moreth- an ' namaEiainn&:8z Or- ganization," read at the International Council in Washington last winter, was quite in keeping with the views advanced by our people, and rather reminded Mne of Brigham Yeung, as it was much"inhis line of thought on the subject Her article in The J4 arum for June "Men, Women and Money" is a very good good one, and her ideas on these matters do ANNUAL MEETING. not differ materially afrom those we advocate. Mrs,:lHowe haa. Jiad 'great opportunitks, her whole life having been spent in the midst of Editor Woman's Exponent: The Annual meeting of our Belief Society people of wealthy education and culture. The post of President of the Woman's Dewas held on Saturday, May 12, 1888, being the of the World's in New twentieth anniversary since its organization. partment Exposition "aliand.-iom. 1884-5was Orleans, in There were present with us Stake President, cnmnlimpnt. to her executive ability, which she certainly Sister Adeline Barber,, her Counselor, Sister possesses in a large degree, and the result Cardou, Sister Carrie,M. C. Smith, Stake Presto the situation. She.spoke ident of the Y. L. , I. A., and others; also proved her equal of her labors there with much satisfaction to quite a number of brethren. The meeting me, when I met her in New York in 1886, and convened at UV a.m., when after the usual afterwards sent me her "Report and Catalogue-oopemng( exercises and much good instruction the Woman's Department," a carefully pre- were unanimously sustained.-Iro3 : 1 i." . im j 12 m. 2 p;m' picnic was until lue puicu nurh, cuiuuiuiug, penet'l oruer, most minute details. Itf the afternoon a programme wasenjoyed. rendered It is said Mrs. Howe had- auburn hair when consisting of a tribute of to the three respect 1 residents of the younger, but now it is beautifully white, and written Sister Society E. by well becomes her dignified and queenly : bearing recitations and elsonjongs, readings inter- . f .u Io'm of the problems of the nineteenth lor a woman with Mrs. Howe's breadth of thought,. liberal views and knowledge of peo- -' pies and countries, to come to Utah and not meet "Mormons," must be similar to seeing the play of Hamlet with the character of Hamlet left qut Mormon" women haveas liighah appreciationof genius and talenXvEerever it marked on" the educational and social life of exists, as any other women, and are ever willBoston and he will be especially remembered to accord "honor is where duel" honor ing for his warm sympathy with the woman sufWe cannot but regret, for Mrs. Howe's own frage movementv,LHe was always a valued she that did not speak in a hall large friend and sake, of the New England leaders for all the ladies . of Salt Lake to enough City ,in this reform. Mr.' Clark was fop d of recall-- , hear her. E. B. W. ing his acquaintance with Margaret Fuller from whom he used to sa-- he had learned to see the true value of life and how to live, for a great -- r- - " . A rT gipn,. Mr3. Howe'a article on "The Power , He has sounded forth the trumpet that shall never call ' " . . retreat, He is sifting out the hearts of men before his judgement- - first visit to Salt Lake she could have been so absorbed, as noVjo'liave any ..time .to give to "Mormon" . women, and especially as at the present time "Mormonism" is considered one J.liy?Mgjn. : f . It seems very strange that in jlrs, .Howe's . . shall deal; Let the Hero, born of. womanr crush the serpent with his ' : heel, ' Since God is marching on.'' ' incidentally in connection with Mrs. Howe. There are many interesting things one would th isi celebrated is. but it to include all in a woman, impossible Jsief sketch. , Mrs. Howe's versatility is very great, she is brilliant injfo many ways; unlike many literary people and leading suffrage women, shejs.what in theTworld is termed "a society woman." "She has been quoted as a model mother, affectionate and devoted, yet her scholarly attainments,- - rank her with men . .l f nuusciu vO txiv wuunj given lO iililtrir plOieS' " so .with you my grace my contemners, " ye of the New England blood in my veins, and. my happy childhood there; I Feel anlullmmbir interest in the N. E. Woman's Club. The most prominent names on the' list of officers of this Club are, Mrs. Howe, Prest.; Dr. Ednah ' D., Cheney, Vice Prest.; and Miss Elizabeth P. Peabody,the American mother of the Kindergarten, said to be "one of Boston's most interesting and representative woinen"--a- ll three ladies in the Concord School of being lecturers' noted Other . Philosophy. are, Abby Morton Diaz, Lucy Stone, H.-- L. Maria Mitchell, Kate GaunettWells and Abbey W. May. To tell our readers of the workings of ihis Club and its development, would require .. A which we iiave. no voice . or representation sense m all aces abhor 'these customs which treat us only as the vassals of your sex; - . , iJ ' , Mass., 31 Mar. 1776. 'Abigail Adams to John Adams: I long to hear that you.havs declared an independency. And , by the way, in the new code of Jaws which I suppose it will be necessary for you to make.I desire you would remember the ladies and be more igenerousand favorable to them than your masters. Do notputsuch unlimited power into the hands ot the husbands., ivememuer.all men would be tvrauts if. thev could. If particular ' care and attention is not paid to the ladies,- -' we are determined to' foment a rebellion, and will not hold ourselves bound by any laws in , 1 Braintree, - - -' Smithfield, May. 24,' 1888. T. TI-fl- ,, -- CORBESPdNDENCE OF 1776r , . and rpSecretary. '7 sisters. vi-ai- liATl'-LE-IIVM- by the brethren spersed with . addresses Etevz-otiice- rs . - -- . co-work- er . end. y Ex. Miss Clara Barton, president of the Ameri- can Association of the Red Cross, whose name is known9and honored' throughout the world, been thesubject of some curiously misleading newspaper reports. She has been represented (probably owing to her international reputation) as a lady of foreign birth; and the most diverse accounts have been given of her views, as to woman suffrage. Miss Barton by request, has. furnished the Foinan' 8 Journal with a statement of the' facts; which are, that she was born in Oxford, Mass., of pure Ameri- caustock,and that shecannot remember the time when' she did not believe in woman suffrage. Thi3 was made clear iulier speech at the recent Woman Suffrage Festival, which was imperfectly reported, ' and which she has kindly written, out,; by our request. Ex. . has-latel- y r . 