X J NOT A DKOP FOR ME, j.u$t want to tc-- ujiat did ua the'Twenty-fourt- -- , .. - 1 : a - Hahaii K. Whitney, See Parowan, Iron Co.,: Aug. 5, ' ISSvS." A-- 'TORE: th-centu- first the last that of Johnson, ft may not perhaps be quite so readily eonesded that the age of Anne lay under the tyranny of Swift. It will, . : however, be found, thlnlcPaiiii Pope nor Addison has an I na- - tion that neither equal claim to be considered the. centre of the action or the. hero ol the story. They wrote .with consummate skill, but Swift it was who of thought; laid the torch to the standing-cor- n hia was the irradiating, the Prometheatimiod from" 1700 to 1740, and Ins: the fo rceTf character, the thrill of personal genius," that rivets to itself the main attention of students '' . throughout that brilliant period. Tbe age of Drydeu was the most prosaic in our literary" history. In its course theology, philosophy, even poetry itself, were chained either to cammon sense, or to a raritiug rapture ' which, dispensed with literary sincerity, and was is fact, more prosaic than all prose. What mainly flourished under the strong leaden sceptre of Drydea was" satire, in new and stringent forms; artificial comedy,, brutal at first,' and harsh, but polished at length to the last ex tremity of cynical elegance; burlesque verse very smart ana ;moaern, wniuu pasii for poetry; the political pamphlet; the clear Inpid modelled, through art of the r the directnesi 0 L h L'Est Koer ange oi Leld-ePortnyaiks; the sincere, naked thought of Locke, with its dislike ot ornament, and carelessne3 of authority; the first grotesque babble of modern criticism; the dryness 6 the polemical divines; and over it all, covering its defect as with a garment, the new graces of now when my long day's work is o'er, v '"And I hasten home to wife and child, Mattie sits waiting me at 4he door, With amihng face, once ha ggarclnd wildr7 And I cast my eyes to the sky above And thank the FatherWho gavemelifer c For blessings on me and mine, and the love. That has banished from me this curse, this strjfe. ' Salter. Sylieauga, Talladega Co4 Ala, WOMAN'S VOICE. . Editor Woman's Exponent: Ajsjgreat satisiaction to me tp read great amount of good pur or tne mansisters are uoinar, and while nprnsimr thftir letters in our very valuable paper, the idea presented itself to my .mind that nerhans if we were heard from occasionally it mizht possibly create some v v gratification Ibr othersrsuch as those .whoin times gone worked with all their hearts with us., for the promotion of our i cause, ; letter-write- ... especially thoIeearTgisteriwhoT haver been: miven, as it were iuto other territories to avoid, if it could be, those who would harass and persecute us. y We are a plain, matter of fact little band, ilesirous-o- f the keeping y pace with any-- of prganizations in doing gopd, teaching and Jet jn accordance, with the simple doctrine of lirLt, our Lord and Master; aud with all that are pacing through at the present time, we know that there is grand cause for us to "re- jyice ana be exceeding glad."- . Foft the hptiPflfsnf who m are separated" from us 'for aga.pt Switt that. LEnglish prose reachettrit3 . Homethini was acain relinquished in the ' third period, that of Johnson: Here, to secure more strength, needless weight was superadded to language; "elasticity was lost in a harmony too mechanically studied. .What was really best in this third agQwa3 directly recovered from the'early Anne writersas Goldsmith, its rbestauthor, is seen lturning to the traditions of Addbon and Cougreve. The main contribution of this period to literature is the noyel, , Restoration into three equal parts. Each of these )? dominatedjby lone jjgure of lar greater intellectual prestige than any ether of the same period. No one will .question that the 1 Mrs. M, A. M. r comoinea. ' To faeilitale this study of eighteen literature, it i3 convenient to divide the one hmidred and twenty yean ..which succeeded the ' Though in trouble I live, and in poverty rot. From the curse of intemperance I'm free. - general type is artificial still,' there is no longer -ttfie; protracted cultivation of one form; satire akemrbatrer and les brutal shap?, and, half way through the period, the" landscape poets push in with their :Maufc 'verse, andthe lyrists with their octo?yllabia. ThlnlrmasomewliaL . abruptly expires, and'while the nation' is wait-Ing for th 3 "development of tlieioTglTdisotr--hoid-- s its car with theluimor and dainty senti- J nient of his essays. A delica4g amenity, a sweetnes3of expression marks the age of Anne; and even the ferocities of Swift and Mandevllle v do not belie this srenerai impression of incrca- ing civi lization o f the m i nd t mce the very Wounds; infltttejl -- by these writers jhow the tenderness of the contemporary epide.rmii. Such tire wal nothaye penetrated a getiera-- : : tion grown pachydermatous under the flail, Oldham or Lord Dorset. There wa3 a rapid development of the power of ridlcule by prose and verse, a general sharpening and pointiug it wa3 in this "of every literary weapon-,anmaxiiiium of strength, elcgance,'and elasticity . An . d EIGHTEENTH CENTURY ' LITER - 'In poetry, though the tionXof Berkley.,. .' . Of manhood's chain he'll break the last link. 1 know that the grass on the drunkard's grave j" Grows as green as where the Christian rests; - ljJa greatltereafter the soul must brave, And the drunkard then will-fai- l to be blest. - and-iugenuit- . Ye,, yoiy pocket knife, for a man will sell The coat from hU back for the poison drink, ' To steep hTs mind with this essence of hell; Taste not,toucnotfhariulenot,"-- ' With God's help this my motto shall be; Ciaricy originality, calls to its' aid of Shaftesbury, the bnljiant imagfna-- ; y 4 i that fills our prisonsjllj. Tisw Tis whiskey that tlglitens the hangman's rope; Tiv whiskey that turns life's sweets1 to gall, 'Tis whiskey kills joy, kills life, kills hop . ; -- - : Example's the thing to bring a man-bac- k, Aud ragged and hungry children and wife; "Jusf ttiinkfif ihereY nothing at home you lack, Ere you pawn for a drink your pocket knife. A and-lho- 11 jo, . Of course of July. there was the usual eelcbratiohju the morning, then at 1 oY'lack p.m., alt those ovecsixty years se whose" husof age, all the .widows bands were in exile repaired to Jbe large seh ool. Iiou se, reyasT wnejca most. sumpKicus was spread with Wcellenttte- - and 1he very best of order, and indulged to their own satisfaction in partaking othe substantial? and dainties that had been prepared fiYrthem, and was a very pi easi ng picture to Lssurey OU: behold, and we would: have been well pleased to have had the presence of some whom - we know will read this with many fond reraem- ' b ran us. I 1 1; After dinner the committee cleared everything awav 'in such a quiet, orderly way, it wa3 .surprising. Then we ?ang, recited, etc-.,- ' and danced until we all had enjoyed ourselves so that we- were' quite ready to go home. long " We' could tel vou much more, bu t not wish ing to. impose upon your lime or patience the llrst time, we will Jtist "say, i;God bies3 the Relief Society arid the Woman's Exponent." o, cjutent with the bald presentment of Locked ideas, but with something less than positive thcItt4ier Society sisters h thank' ycu, boys, not a drop for msnow.V- Thouli you say.a little wont harm; ; Ve Trietlthut same thing1,- and know I;bsv-Little it takes to break the charm, Qne drink braves another with me, - And when I've liad. two I Wanttnorept--The- n I'll tip Jny glass and drink No three, And get drunk and crazy" on o. tour. ' Drunk and crazy-.-' Do you see that boy IJusii)assingrnthe corner there? He, a few months ago, was a mother's With a happy smile on his face so fair, With a bounding step and a cheerful voice, A mind that promised the world much good " I'o do right or wrong he had his choice, '" And he chose the, latter,, as most of us w ould. An4,nowhets.so low in humanity'Scale, ' " With his Moated form and darkened brow, ' That 7 hq gives no heed to a mother's wail, That would vviahiirt lo; virtue eyenjiovv. J - ; : ,' .; ' v bceh there myself," "Z I don't give advice, "I've AlndltllprTt talced A fellow that's drinking lays advice on tl.'e shelf JiiT'he spends his very last dime. S3 " WOMAN'S EXPONENT r, s irst-yeaiv hichpenrwithJlPamela,?--inlt- 9 1 841. Before the generation closed, the earliest development of fiction wa3 over and the novel in ueenne. . in yeisej w'nai was not imnamcm his -f- the old .schools was sifgges live of what did not come till the next century began. On one hand we have Goldsmith, Johnson and Churchill reviving the jrianner of Pope; on the other we have Gray and Collins in their odes, and Ghattertou in his prophesyand "Shelley- Eyerywhere ing this third period the buried and forgot-'- , during ten seeds of romantic fancy were becoming " stimulaTedTand were pashingllietrshoofs above ground in Percy's ''Ileliques,'' in a "Castle of "Descent of Odin." MeanOtrahto,,r in while, what was mainly visible to the public was the ...figure p Dr. SamuelHTohnsonr a dictator, not writing very much or , in a guperlatively excellent manner," but talk-- , ri, ing publicly, or seraijiublicly, in a style hitherto unprecedented, and laying down the law on all subjects whatever. Around this great man collects whatever there is of normal genius in Burke, Gibbon the and ReynoldCBos well and Garrick and a group is formed, to the student of persons" and v manners the most interesting that literary can supply. So rich h theage in anecdote, verse-romance- pf-Coler- s; idge ses-quipdal- generation-Goldsmitlra- ian nd his-tor- y gratinl:riticalTt look closely and carefully to perceive that it is rapidly declining in intellectual force of every kind, and by 1780 i3 only waiting for the of two or three old men to sink completely de-cea- se -- 1 ; . -- -- it i- '- ..- aa-tivit- y, - :-- : , : -- 4 . r" - into a condition of general mediocrity. When " Drrlohn5onTdies7 tb&" itcratu re - of the hempetenturreut .1 .'i - 01r ix. i.i..iL ceuiury, uuu eighteenth century is practically closed,. and 13 tne V'estlute ine eim-eeuiwork of removing the debristo prepare for across i ts very, thresh ol d the 'rich b'rdcad ed w it the and "the fiioeteenttb pf Con greve shakes hands with the urbanity : gra 0 f Add i son. is fuller pf. intellectual Jhe age of Swift more more genial, varied, more enthu- - f - The National Woman Su Ifrage Association r has adopted a delegate basia of representation, gTaitie. The coldest period is over, and already andat its next annual convention it will no . a faint flush of the summer of romanticism is dcoverable. This- fuller if; takes ; many ner vote u seasoii," we forms. Th philosophy :..:theL;.ge;Ji;'iwr?JpiigeF' deleCTffS. prose-of-theIavv-T- " I .' " r. - 