13 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - ' in was one the most gfrrns, but the around which were lovely shape of a tombstone, flowers, with a floral base of appropriate proportions'. In the centre of the floral fra1 me was an inletters ; it scription printed on white silk .in gilt was a token of love from th Scandinavians: "Erastus Snow, Apostle to the Scandinavians. Token of Respect, in behalf of 50,000 members of Saints the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y in the Truth Denmark,Sveden who have embraced of the fruits as the. and' Norway,. Gospel door by our opened in' those countries in 1850-52- , beloved and esteemed- Apostle, Erastus Snow." The entire effect of the decorating of the hall The band played, a was exquisitely elegant. solemn dirge preliminary to the services, which were presided over by "Apostle Lorenzo Snow. The'singing by the Tabernacle choir was excellent, and the selections tender 'and soothing. Prayer was "offered by Apostle F. D. Richards. Apostle Lorenzo Snow ope ned his discourse" by reading the 13th verse of the 14th chapter of Revela' " tions: '."""".And I heard a voice; from: heaven, saying unto-mWrite, Blessed are the dead Which die in the . Z- ; "U, beautiful of. all , S ..... -- ' Thomas Sloan. Emily B. Spencer. Xi ' 'K For the Exponent. V MAY-DA- TO THE SISTERS. V. . 1 - 1 1 - - -in- -. pall-bearer- ' : - " ;,' - - , - -- . h of-M- av. .1 1.1 l . 111" n uuviv 1. rifr iriii fciwva.,j..v 1 . 11 1 1 f- - i!ifiiit- - 111 il r n"imiii " . i' iniuir-.71 account as to its .11 " but could not find any authorized He supposed, as1 the' month of IJay origin. ' ushered in the season of flowtrs, therefore it was t .ceearatea as,a iesiai nouuay. n o" the Then followed the crowning Miss Amy Babbitt by maids of honor, With . appropriate songs. n was delivered in an A speech by the easy, graceful manner, which quite captivated the recitations and lie arts of her audience.-Songs,- ' dialogues occupied the rest of the forenoon, until Dicnic time, and then- such a it- was nronouncedr , ' husvj time for busv, hands.. : Tables were arranged in the Society Hall for those who chose to go there; some preferred the bowery as the coolest place, others hied to some 01 ine numeruus anduc , ecu, iiiai spi cau tneir cooling branches near by. It was joyous confusion, and all went merry as a marriage bell. Families a nAJri e nd s r o u De d t o r elhe r in ji ki n o f-- d n . a , " May-quee- 3 -- , May-quee- - - , , . 11 f vou-pleas- d-- ... acknowledged that there styler-and-- all e was much enjoyment ' to be reaped from a genuine ' A picnic. our of Lamanite number brethren and Quite a the Ward were from rs siste Papage present by it and immensely, especially enjoyed invitation, the picnic part . They were dressed nlean "and neat, and behaved with great decorum. , . . i t r met mc can,! pi we iuciuuou again Brass Band, when more songs and were rendered fby members of the Primary in a very creuiiauie iikiuuci. t song uy ivioiner years of age.brought Everett, who is seventy-eigh- t a also down the house;: song by the Sunday School choir, entitled, "The Picnic," was beauti fully rendered, I almost forgot to mention the beautiful singing of our' native brethren and sisters. Saints'Hymn Bookf They sang from the Latter-da- y of" Sister Thankful direction Harmon, under, the and has deserves reason who certainly great credit, to feel proud of jier choir. They have sweet, musical voices, bass, alto and tenor; each part is rendered harmoniously, without any clashing. At five o'clockxlancing for the children, in the even 4 . . ing foi adults. Some Everything passed .off pleasantly. strangers who were present were heard to say it was tne most sociaDie, enioyaoie anairoi me Kina " of-it- g w c-- . m-iii- thatr A, lilt. J hid vr" witriPCQpH: - " - A me-JJnio- S r SISTER'S BLESSING. lT . --- . 1 i "''! ' ' . k - thought . yosufFeornotl . , I y at- e, ' would give you a brief .account of our May-dacelebration, which was certainly an Enjoyable lime to all whojaarticipated in itr. ...It had been arranged, underthe auspicies of the Mesa Relief Society,for both old and young to meet at a grove about two miles out of townbut this part was changed, and it was concluded best to mget at the bowery, reserving the hall for the picnic. At 10 a.m. the children came in. crowds, girls dfessed.with a' profusion of flowers. . The May queen,.vvith her twelve maids of honor, looked, in their pure white, emblems of purity and innocence. Opening speech by Prest. C. I. Robson, who gave a retrospective view of this custom of which had Drevailed dav for so many ages past, throughout Christendom ' . . ,. I g cases-childbirt- PICNIC Y D E A R sJD I TOR : . 1 and and your children consequently healthier longer lived. - " cannot' be avoided, your awn lives happier and healthier,- - - t If suffering : To you who are rearing families, and you who are just married, I have a few words to say: In'the beginning the curse was proaounced upon Eve, that she should bring forth children in sorrow. But has not the time come; when the curse will be taken; from the. daughters of Eve? not by deadly chloroform, hut by naturaf means, that is within " the reacrTof every one. . ' If women would live in. a more healthy manner, leave off corsets, breathe pure air, take the right course to strengthen muscles, and live on a fruit diet', keep the Word of Wisdom .and thecelestial law,"Iknow that-i- n natural - would be almost painless. What a blessing, what a boon to women! It depends up- . on yourselves whether. I have had two children born with scarcely any assistance of fLdWf fo irf Tie nee f0 r t Ktearsaiihh-Spiritnh- ar a midwife. I only mention this to, show that I they may rest from their labors; and their works know that labors can be painless, or nearly so. If do follow thera. ; a child is pitched, flannels wrung out of hot water Thp other speakers were Prest. A. O. Smoot, of arid placed on the abdomen as hot as possible, Provo, Pret. Angus M. Cannon, Coun. D. H. and a dry one over to exclude the air, will relax Wells, Elder Andrew Tenson and Apostle F. D the system and, give help right away; and Jn one Richards; also Apostle H. J. Grant, who read a Case, by that method, the child that had presented tew words written by Apostle Moses Thatcher wrong, turned of its own accord to a'head. prehe was followed by Apostle J. H. Smith, who sentation, and was born with but a few pains. after addressing the congregation a few minutes ' The dres should be worn loose, so that women read a communication from Prest. Wilford Wood' will not feel so sick in the morning, and in fact ruff in behalf 6f the absent members of the Coun light dressesshould never be worn, as they restrict cil of the Apostles. the circulation and the breathing, and tight lacing The choir sang, forces the internal organs out of place, laps the to Thee.'' "Nearer, my God, ribs, and produces a; great deal of suffering, and T ' often death. 1 . was pronjuunceu uy rairiaruij jouu ueneaiciion don't feelJike If eating -the you morning, Smith. , is a good That are until don't eat you hungry. The procession was forme with the band and maxim throughout life; hunger demands food, but after these the hearse, Apostles as if the stomach is crowded with ..food, when .it can not digest- it, then it produces sickness at. the. the priesthood," followed by"cilizens77tthe cemestomach and other ailments. " ' tery the choir sang, Everyone should study themselves, and they "O, my Father, Thou that dwellest.'' can soon find out what benefits them. If an article of diet is disliked, don't force yourself to Coun. D. H. Wells offered ;up a dedicatory For prayer, and the body of this illustrious Apostle .eat, but get something else agreeable. the and sickness at biliousness drink stomach, was consigned to its last resting place to await the water sour and resurrection. vinegar, sugar, lemon- something morning of the ade, drinks from cream of tartar, tartaric acidv and sugar are healthy and good for summer. EDITORIAL NOTE. .Avoid cooking, when the sight and smell of victuals makes you sick. In the first months of The annual meeting of the 13th Ward Primary pregnancy a women needs help, when she can Association of this city was held in the Ward Asscarcely drag around, and sleep and Test ought to. 1 be her portion. sembly Rooms, Mvy 25th, at half past three p.m., A fruit diet overcomes , constipation, while pills Miss Kate Wells presiding. Meeting commenced and physic do more barm than good; a relaxing with singing, children are praying for me." diet is much better. Prayer by Coun. Empey. After singing again, Keep the Word of Wisdom. Tea stimulates, but reading of minutes, report, etc., the programme was carried out as follows: Recitation, Charlie, depresses, brings on sick headache and numerous Peterson, "Scatter the gems of, the beautiful;" evils. How little would 'we suffer if we did as the. Song, by Irene .Merrill, Belle Barrett and Lord has told us. ; Guinheld Peterson, "I cannot catch the "sunFor heartburn do without a meal, that is the " beams;" Questions on the Bible answered by the best remedy- .' Don't work so hard that you are all of the time children; Song, Lena Stromberg; Bible Recitation Bella Barrell; Song, May Edwards and Agnes tired, and in consequence have a feeble child, that Lettie soon dies.. or has- a struggle to live. Rest when- Kenner; Recitation, Carter, "The Sailor;" ever inclined, Song, Daisie. Newton; a Prize Essay, on the change hard work to light, and principles of the Gospel, was read by Miss delight in what you are doing. When the system needs sleep; do not try by Thomas; the children then responded with senti-ments, verses from the Bible, proverbs, maxims, washing your face in cold water, going into, the etc, Remarks were then made by Sisters E. C. open air, drinking tea, and other ways, to rouse Clawson, CA: Wells, R. C. Atwood, E, B. Wells, f yourselves to do more work, but sleep until you B. W. Smith and have had your sleep out, and you will be rewarded Bishop Atwood. ,. The resignation of Miss Annie Thomas, as Counselor, was with more energy and better health. Be out doors as much as possible; breathy the., accepted, and Miss Lillie Morlenson and Miss Agnes Kenner were chosen as Counselors, Miss pure air, and breathe deeply. be-in- You that need, try, and see May Merrill, Secretary',' and'Miss Gertie PeJerson TAss't Secretary;- -: The children sangy :'Good: Ni ht," and the benediction was pronounced by lay resting on my bed, Listening to raindrops overhead, My thoughts revert to thee, To thy labors and thy destiny. As rv I ' And I say in my inmost soul, Sister Jane, thou 