WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 174 as panles the preaching of Is in our revealed from heaven day, the - Ofiitit'.rsi :nn4 - .f others f-rth4 that thVIIoly Ghost will be bestowed Church uf Jtsu.s Uhrixt of Latter upon the .sincerely penitent who obey hoi v - ordinances. its Thro u eh the Conference in General' Saints day Ghost a Holy knowledge of mings '. assembled:'past, pre. cut and to come- - is comrnun icated and the mind and will or the DlvAH BliKTHKKN' AX'lr SlSTKKSr i- -k th no w n -f- ather-mad is way the :" At each of the pant six Genural Con reveals Ills purposes to those Almighty ference-- of the Church of Jesu's Christ who obey Jlis ' commandments ana SiintH there, has been an whose lives are pure and .acceptable of Latter-da- y . Epistle from, the Presidency of the before Him. so that they can be pre .the assembled .gllicers Ivburcn read-tpared for all the events and trials that ami Saints and published for the. bene , may lie in their pathwavr" fit of thos. who wre prevented, trordIf there are any members or tne Church who d not know bv their own present at' the Conference. The rontons for thin are well experience that this is true, they may" known to the Church. and the be assured that thev do not live up to world: A number of t"ht Apostles have their, privileges. All Saints should lie "been unable to p? rson'illy, attend these clo.se communion with the Holy Uoniitrences or .,'iner open gauiennK.. Ghost, and, through it, with the Fa Their voices have-no- t ijeen- heard in- ther, or there is danger of 'their being overcome olevil and falling by tne strhcttiig, encouraging, strengthening "and warning- t'ie Saints,- or in the diswayside. ' We." therefore, s av to the Latter-da- v' charge of. the otacr public duties-whicdevolve" upon them in connection with he lioiyjihost will not dwell saints;:! ''their ministry. It was proper, 'there-'.- ; in an unholy tabernacle. If you would f.)n-,- t hit K unities should be written to enjoy the f ull powers and .gifts of your the Chu'oh in which.oounsel e ;uld be religion, you must be pure. If you are . riven and testimony be borne. While guilty'of weaknesses, follies and sins, this condition of affairs: .so far us these you must repent of them; that is, you re concerned, still remain1? In nri mn.uf thnrnnihl v fnru'ilrw thorn Apostlesthe instructions upon we can unchanged,' oiner way piease uouf "ian general subjects, in the previous of holiness" is: His name, and He de- Epistles are no eopjousand apply .so ghtsJn theffortsof directiyto thif entire lives and sur- - be pure. KIMSIIiK. the-Gos- pel, -o- " . rI Q-- " o . ; - y'v' l.--t - - h His-childre- it not necessary to repeat them at the pr e s e n t ' t m y o r t o w r i t e a i e n g t h y Epistle. AUSKXCK i 8A I NTS . No people 'of whom we have any kno w led e have been called upon to pass through such scenes ana to navB such a peculiar experience as the Latter-da- y Saints. The trials and difficulties we hivtfhad to Contend with, so numerous and so varied iu .character, have scarcely b'en equalled ifl our generation. Hut those we have or had to meet Iurinr the past-threfour years, and which still confront us, are new. even in our experience. They have come upon us in a new shap OriginaUny; in the 8ajne source, prompted iy the same spiritf and for the. same end, as other plana wti ic h b:ive been put into ope ration lo r our lujuryand overthrow, the present attack which is made upon us, differs largely in many of its features and .methods from anything we. have ever ha I to encounter. We have been led to expect from the beginning that as the work of God grewand developed-i- n the earth the resistance to it would become more formidable and wide- e de-si-j;t- jed -- OF OKFICKUS OK X1IE CHURCH. never for so long a time before, with -- and vigor, and bring into antagonism This-hato it more influential powers. .eve r been the voice' of prophecy unto us coucerning the and testimony " future of . the woife of God which we have If, then, espoused. we have not been prepared for these - trials-whlcvre now have to oyercomep it has not be.en because we have not been, warned of their approach. By the testiniouy of His Spirit and bythe." voices of His faithfulservants, God has given Hi people atuple time for s '" . Tit K hand AXn iniiujSKa-ay- . M The .Savior said, ".It Is impossible but that offehces will come; but," he And the Latter-da- y preparation. woe unto them througu'whom added, Saints who have lived so as, to enjoy In our pase offences come." they the spirit of their religion-- have exaud it has appeared that we have come", pected, and have prepared themselves-tthem. Shall We not avoid not could come meet, such trials asjiave upon us, baud of God in 'that' xcknowledire the and others which may yet be in reserve in wur land and taken has which place for us before the liual victory is usso affects which deeply? . We .'who achieved over Satan and the embattled our all in seen have affairs, and in all powers of darknes events which have happened to us, the TIIK I .UVILEGK OF. KKVfCLATIOX. His providence so visibly, manifested, which God must feel that the occurrences of the Itisthis has uvea, concerning His w.ork, and past three or four years have been per-- : which fie constantly imparts as it is milted by Hitu for a wise purpose. We needed to His people, which is one of cannot suppose that .these happenings the chief causes of the strength have bet-- by chance aiid without a de'Saints. It is sign. Jjtfd has not so dealt with us in by the Latter-da- y the principle ot revelation from the the past. Mysterious as have been Head of the.ChHrchto the Church itself many-thiuirwlaen we hart them to- ena piiuciplehich iu its operation is counter, time has never failed to throw not confined to one man, or to three right uuon and explaiu them. When men, or to twelve men ; but is extended --they happened we," perhaps, to everysudividual iu the 'Church, in ac'kn'owledged- - the baud of L rd in be greater" or less degree, as each oue the ihera, There cause of the Lord having said we cisooses to avail himself i)f-- it is an appointed w,8, however, by should do so; but this was upon the which revelation from the Lor:I for the principle of faith. After-vardshowever, wq, have looked back to these government of His Church is received. .There is but one man on the earth, eventu,, and seeing how wondrous y at 'olds this power. But God had wrought, wy, in and in view of the re-- s if our every in 1 vidua! member has the privilege "f receivinir revelation from, the dts, have acknowledged, not in faith Lord for las guidance in his owa afhut in dt vi loH'd knowlrdi; that fairs and fo. ti .slify to him Coucercihg God'.s hand was iu all that had octhe correettics. 'of public teachings and curred. So with the experiene", painmovements.ful though it ' be, which we are now The great promise which accom- - gaining. . o prfc-knowld- i;e pos-"sess- ed - - , the.-fullm.s- . tu-ar- - . A. for themsejves and "not to depend so much upon others to lead tberd. Some, not. having lived so as to t have u ...i.j. ui me ine presence auu euioauce stumble and fall.. IIolyGhostj may liut those who nave lived up, 10 their privileges will find that God has not forgotten His promises and has not- left His people to themselves, nor without a testimony' as to the course they should pursue. . I . . . THE SAINTS MUSTJtE TESTED. pathway of the people of God has been beset with difficulties. They have been environed with dangers. Dark clouds have almost enshrouded .them. But amidst all these, the still, small vbice of the Spirit o 'God-ha- s been bfard. His Saints have had a testimony from Him that the course they have been led to take is the right' one auu that lie will never ran to The-- . make known His mind and will to them solong as they live up to Ills re- ' ' - Tr.Saint4a this sam oaiay-bav- . received anointing and they shootd be in a position to not be deoendpnt upon man to teajh and tell them that which is right. They have had a flood of instruct!. n given to them that are past, "This instruction has covered the entire policy okbuilii up the kingdom of God 'o,i the earth' Of this continued instruction they have been to a great extent deprived of late It ha-- , appeared to be the design of Pro 'idence that they should be left to show to the heavens,' to each other and to the world whether the truths ' they have been taught have Dad the proper effect upon .them, or npt whether when left to a certain extent to thpm. selves they will be governed in theirdaily lives and acts by principle prin ciple to the truth of which testimony nas Deen oorne Dy me iioiy (ipost or by the the spirit and customsQf Bbv Ion by whicQ'they ar surrounded, but from which they are supposed to be 4 gathered out. in-aay- . INATI ON v SELF--EXT- .Tha present isju .appropriate .lime- of the Church to foreach member iu to measure pose -- to sutler, ins Jsaints to n& that, his -- conduct-, and- - life in the fullthoroughly tried aad tested,-s- o they may prove their Integrity and light of the heavenly principles re know the character of the foundation. vealed to us Ours is no ordinary calling. Xreat. opportunities and: upon. which theybuild-tIany-lhLn:have occurreoLduring the lasttwelve. privileges have been bestowed upon months which are well adapted to test us. To us, as a people, has been enthe faith and integrity of the people. trusted the grand and glorious labor It does not seem possible that those of laying the foundation of the kingwho do not live so as to, have the light dom of God upon the earth. Every of the Holy Ghost shining in their souls act of our lives should be performed can escape doubts and rears concern- - with this in view. Nothing .hould be in'; the work of God. So many things done by any oue calling himself a Latter-day Saint that will conflict with have occurred which are entirely dif notions as to the policy which God has announced ferent to the course that would be taken in as proper to Jn .establishbuilding up Zion that each one needs to ing that kingdom. In thi connection there, are questions which each have a knowledge fo. himself to clear one should ask himself: Do I, in ail ly understand that God is leading us in the path which we are now pursuing. my words and influence and in all the To some who are inclined to despond transactions of .my life, constantly and toake a gloomy view of affairs, keep before me the advancement and the snip Zion mayrperhaps, appear ta prosperity of the Zion.xif God as the be drifting away from its old moorings,-- ' first and most important considerabecause things are being done or tion? Do I, through covetousness or movements consented to which, to a desire for personal profit and advantheir eyes, portend disaster to us and tage, depart from that line of conduct to the work of God. which'God, through His Spirit and the teachings of His servants, has said His UNJUST CfirTICISM; Saiuts should follow? Do I. by my There has always been a few among wors and acts, set such an example will us :iotay famuy that bodings, and who have failed to see the grow up to manhood and womanhood Wisdom ol God in the steps which His fully imbued with a love of Zion and people have been led. to take. They wnn an understanding of the princihave questioned and found fault with ples upon which Zion will be built up. the counsel that has been given and Many more qaesti.na ol a similar the measures which have been adopted, character each one can ask himself in If and have asserted that revelation had the process of ceasesrf and these can be answered correctly, there: were no longer .guided by men to whom God made need be no fears indulged in concernknown His will. The prophet JoseDh ing the effect of the Edmunds-Tucker- 4ur.fl4is-lfetr.me-t- t critKnsm and censure f this class movement,the,,boon"asit Is called, or He was often accused of being a falany other measure which may be len prophet and "Of leading the Chhrch adopted either in favor of or against rthtrZron of God. Respecting all these astray. During Brigham Young, the same movements, about which there is more or less agitation and concern and percharges were made, and many apostatized because they believed, as they" haps excitement, there need be no stated, that he was no longer led by fears if the Latter-day Saints will only the Lord. Experience has proved that be true to the covenants they (have' in all such cases those who make these made with their God and strictly carry accusations are themselves in the out the principles which He has told . dark. us must govern us in the building up But the faithful people those who of His Zion. have lived strictly in accordance with CONSEQUENCES OF FORGETTING their profession as Saints and with the COVENANTS. cf the Gospel .requirements have en assailed by. doubts of If, however, we. forget our coveThere' might be many nants, and depart from and disregard thing, which they could not clearly the teachings which He has given us, understand, the reasons for which then be assured, Latter-da- y Saints, our might not be fully apparent to them at position is full of peril to us. God's the lime; but possessing the Spirit of purposes will not oe thwarted; but we shall be scourged, and those who perGod, and being led by it, they crusted in the Lord and lelt satisfied to leave sist in this course will be rejected and the management of His kingdom and be deprived of all share in the blesits affairs to His supreme wisdom. sings promised to Zion. Where those Time developed to their minds the professing to be Latter-da- y Saints correctness of the course which the knowingly and flagrantly act in Church had been led to adopt. This contravention counsels of has occurred so frequently-- in our which he has given us, the we have then career that the: instance will readily cause to fear and the plots of the tbem..lvto tbo'stf familiar wicked against us.joined by suggest the foolish wi-our In this way, howdisobedience and rebellion of ever, the faith of th& people has been Saints, become a serious men, ace to the peace, prosperity and proconstantly tested. , gress ofZion. .THE ANOINTING THE SAINTS HAVE Praying the Lord to endow every ofKECEIVKD. ficer of the Church who desires tc The Apostle John, in speaking to the magnify his calling, with every gift and- quirements; .".'-.-- .. plain that it is God's pur pre-conceiv- in-dul- ge sell-examinati- on - ed ed n . .fly-child- il ren n.. the-Saint- s -- - . -- not-Hbe- this-charact- -- - hi.-aor- v. ' s - NECfiS'SITV OF . -- e s. the-LTb- " I . 1 Saints in his day, said: "But the anointing which ye have received of him abideth In you, and ye need not that ;anv man teach you: but as the same anointing teacheth you of all things, and is truth, and is no Iie,..Dd even as it hath taught you, ye sb&lL abide in him." w -- Ted out the public luiuistratious'of a num ber of the men to whom its numbers havelooked for instruction aud counsel. Not only has the number bf the Apostles who could minister in public-beegreatly reduced, but' the same causes which have relegated them to "seclusion have had the ffect to keep mauy Presidents of Stakes and their counselors, Bishops and their counselors, as well ;as High Councilors and other active men. in the priesthood, from otliciatinir in their callings. The people have felt the absence of these men and the loss of their teachings and guidance. But has the Lord, on this account forgotten His people? No, "certainly not. The" prayers' of the faithful men of God, who have been prevented from ministering to the peoplerand "whoseThearts have been full of love and earnest desire for 'their welfare, have been constantly offered to the Lord that He would have mercy on His flock, that He would make up. to them, by the more abundant outpouring of His Holy Spirit, for the denriva- ..tion to .whictL t&C'j have been subjected in not having tne presence ol many of . His servants among. them., . It appears to speak in this strain, for the reason that, while the Latter day Saints In order to prosper in their religion and to Increase In the knowl edge of God must always hve close to Him, the present-is- " an extraordinary time which appears to require more nt than help an t strength from has usual. Th Church been left, as We feel TItE OPPOSITION CONFHONTIXCj n-to- God has a purpose to accomplish in "Permitting the treatment which we have received. Whatever the result to and been others who have promi-tex- l active in pushing it, to us it cannot be anything but profitable1 and beneficial, if we receive it in the right spirit and bear It patiently. One good effect Saiats are apparent. T compelled,.. perhaps, to a greater. extent ' inan ever oeiore, 10 iuiok auu act . pro-less- ed ; ' ' - 