WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' For the Exponent. : 1 conferred 19 rely He and the-anthe .Academy of Natural Sciences of Philawere "pleaded with the completion' of THE REVOLUTIONARY OFFICERS. delphia; up to' that time the institution had that house when hz object to be attabed h AND GEO. ON never FAREWELL TO GEN. Ill REFLECTIONS the redemption of the- - jiving and the dead. given a degree to any of its alumni sub' T WASHINGTON, sequent to the A. B. at graduation. "Xn 1880 How grand," how beautiful and how broad is she was made a member of the Franklin "the plan of salvation. No- - one who underInstitute, and was the first woman to deliver stands our rfengifm-caProud king, for aUour hands have toiled, for all onr,re-.- . truthfully -- iy we are extended course of in : lectures the Institute.'' narrow in our viewi of salvation, when we t any hearts gave, '';.. 1882 she was" chosen a member of the show For this dear land we called thine own, that reared thee bj;our willingness, to impart ' Educational ::v to devote our time and talehtsln erectSociety, of Philadelphia, andSubjects brave. served three faith "and as and Director and alltruCman on the Sch6ol For tears loyal prayers 'years ing nouses for 'ordinances 'of the redemption ' Board. , out one was give. of all the dwid a? well as the living. What a ; might term, Aftej being But us caused 'neath oppression still What hast thou giv'n January, 1887, and 'Sfcld the' position at glorious principle lV baptism forthe. dead and V the time of her death.'1" . what a work of love for tho living to perform. 'The 'Woman's Journal, in our opinion, pays Attending the" Dedication has had a good effect ' O, hateful t'yraritl gone is now tlfe glory of thy crown! a glowing tribute to the .memory of this upon the peor3jef.Lin?piringthera with new zeal nowned Drvhnrsays "TooBlaTa Se i r recohlsln thei F&d cesfof rand Heaven frown! was a centre of hospitality, and she was increasing their desires to remain faithful that On thee hath ifallen vengeance dire, thy weight was far too .crippled in her resources by. the generous habit they may be worthy to receive blessingi in the ..: light; ; or entertaining strangers.,' attracted by her House of the Lord. 7 . And now with grateful tears and prayers we praise the ,God ivith the and uany-points religious let me, as a friend and of .Right,,' ; .. Oh, my young iHtc-r?- , JZZ "ed - ; ucatronat wurid . who has your interest at' heart, beg of Jsister "She dies in the plentitude of her powers." AndJiere in love, in pride', in joy before our chieftain dearyyou to seek the things of God and live pure tear We bow in hurablest gratitude nor blush "Her correspondents on behalf of the college and viriuouj lives, shun the. society of the low Our tears have flowed in darker hours when toil and "woe numbered, the Queen of England, Lady and wicked, make the Lord your friend and he ' and war:: Dufferm, and a number of illustrious persons will "teach vbu br his spirit bow to walk before LWere xlread companions, clouding ee r t h e light of Hope's in several countries." " Iliiitaccep? ably. Heetl . the- - counsels of your brisrht star. From the accounts of Dr. Bodley, which we parents and those who, junsel you for your have heart and read,-- she was, in some respects, good for they are your best friends though per That star hath - set, its dying beams were merged in similiar to Dr. Lozier, whose death occurred, a hap3 now you think other wise but the time brighter rays", " The Sun of Freedom, flashes now Its light " on happier short time ago. Both were eminent in the provyill.come, either to your sorrow or to your joy, '" " rk, fession they had chosen for-thwhen you will acknowledge they were your '7 special days, and both were intensely sympathetic and true friends and taught you what was right And now upon this dear young land our benedictions move door of the generous; they were neither of them afraid of Do not, I beseech of you, shut-th- e God keep it sacred, free and piireand worthy of His love contact with "Mormon" women, but Temple in your faces by uniting yourselves in -, is not of our faith; or .enough to accord to them the same marriage with one who And thou, bravest, best, pure, gem of light is one who unworthy- to be recommended by. courtesy they extended to, other noble workers. and truth, The writer had the pleasure of seeing and his Bish 'p. Think of it girls, think how 4ittle "Let future ages ne'erjorgetjhe glory of thy youth; conversing with Dr. Lozier at her own home you prize yourselves or your blessings, to give -- Thy name shall be remembered e'er in grateful love and id New York in the winter of 1880, and was yourself to one who can not be recommended - 7.. ... pride, much impressed with her sympathetic views on to the Temple. It may geern of little importFull well we know thy noble worth who conquered by thy ' the rights of "Mormon" women. Her letter ance lo you now in your youthful thoughtless side! happiness, but I tell 'you it is of tifaHmport-anc- e protesting against theinjustice of the Edmunds ;When other fill to you. Vou will find when trials and Farewell! thy soul days shall come and law in their behalf, was widely circulated, and ' with .' troubles that are the common lot of humanity peace, proved she was not fearful of 'being contaminabid Soothe thine heart and woe's When tenderer love shall ted by defending the political position :of the come upon you, when you have sickness and conflict cease, .; death and are brought down in humility and women of Utah. Whcnw'aiting for jTbrighler Z day: to rvie wlalhTppierjvorldyl' sorro wr thaly ouMveuLyoujseJ ves jofffromr. DrrBodleyIitis-aid7"took-DrrAnandibhour that still the with Freedom's Remember flag joy Joshee into her own house, and with a beautifuh the blessings of the Priesthood, and forfeited ' Unfurled! ' '' - all claim to the ordinances of the Gospel and sympathy encouraged the. little Hindoo woman ' " RUBY LAMONT. " where can you go fur eomfort and help? The to adhere firmly to her national 'religion"." Richfield, Utah, June 27, I88. is hard, but the way of The world needs such women as these, with way of the broad views, liberal ideas, generous hearts and the righteous is peace. The wages of gin is DR. RACHEL L. BODLEY. true respect for the opinions of others. Dr. death, the reward of the righteous 13 life, even Lozier and Dr. Bodley were educated and re- -' eternal live. I know that some of my young sisters would rather, many a young man with The Woman's Journal of June 23 rd. pub- - fined in the heart as well as in tile head. ' aiHiats-tfan-mewh." the death of Dr. Rachel L. Bodley, E. B. W. -l- isned . he (the religious one) would some time take an- .Dean of the Pennsylvania Woman's Medical other wife. Ber careful, niy. sistere. If yon College. Dr. Bod ley was in charge of the understood the principle of plural marriage CORRESPONDENCE. College when some of the ladies from Salt Lake and the destiny of those who practice it in" graduated. It will, no doubt, be a grief and ' righteousness you would say with me, thank surprise to hear of her sudden death, which Dear. Editor: I bear testimony God for plural marriage. occurred June 15th, the cause being heart failure. She was taken seriously ill. oh WednesHaving had the privilege of attending the to you that plural inarriige is a true and holy principle and that God blesses and acknowlday evening, previous to. her death on Friday. dedication, of the Manti Temple and of parDr. Bodleyiied at her home in Philadelphia, taking of the holy influence there enjoyed, my edges those who obey it-- Although persecution but lier remains were taken to Cincinnati for. mind has been filled with thoughts concerning is heaped upon those who have embraced that that holy place and the sacred ordinances thereprinciple rat present, it -- istrue and from God, burial. "Miss Bodley was born in Cincinnati, in performed. I wish' all our young ladies and He 'will reward those who endure patiently Ohio, Dec. 7, 1831V : After having been for some years, a teacher could have been there to enjoy the feast, for it all persecution and trials for their religion. Alin the higher collegiate studies, Miss Bodley 'was certainly a feast to the soul and gave joy though my husband has been , in exile three became a special student in chemistry and and happiness to all who had contributed of and a half years 2nd I have been left alone to raise my children, and have never once seen their means for its erection. ; physics in the Polytechnic College in Philahave never forgone It was a grand event in our lives especcially his face in all that time I into delphia, in 18G0. In- 1'862 she returned to plural marriage soTo those who had never- been in a Temple. moment regretted entering Cincinnati, and was given the position of Proin prison , husband would have and rather I my fessor of Natural Sciences in the Cincinnati 'The spirit that was there was proof that God Female Seminary, which, place she occupied had accepted the labors and sacrifices of his or in exile, and never see Lis face again in this three years. "In 1865 she was called to the people, and had accepted the beautiful house life, than to have him promise to obey the law even though he woaldx choose me to be his chair of chemistry and" toxicology in. the built to Hi3 name. Manifestations of apYet iawfblwife, because I know if we are true to Woman's, Medical College of Pennysylvania; proval were seen ancLheard he associated together she was elected Dean of the Faculty in January, some try to make us believe we did not see or our covenants' we wi!L in Eternity and receive all that ha3 been 1874, and from that time'she has" given hear anything of a heavenly nature, and atpromised to u. Therefore we can afibrd to entime and, talents to the college, and has tribute the manifestations to earthly causes. But we have a right to expect manifestations dure persecution for a season and thank God sought to secure forwoman and her work rewedo the will of our . we Me, CQuntad worthy Jo sufferfor His' cause. spect and recognitions She has held somcrvery TJ'f "approvah-whe- xr M- - E. Teabdale. important and influential positions, and had had Heavenly Father ana please llini by our , ti n up-o-u the decree of A. M. in : labors nd zzcriScc, and : jl gels . : . - -- , lhririe-thxm--sittVnhced- otlv i - . ' of-contact -j- - . ' - . the-manl- . s . -- ; . ' . life-wo- eir - . large-soule- d . our-leade- - r, . . - : . ' ' . ai - "" " " ; . tran-gre;.- ; . - - by-ma- ny. her--sel- f, . o -- or - 