.if, 6 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. FOR BELLE., .proclivi J "Little Hazel isoe,,rscTthe word Came to me in my , ''and our home, Wandering far-aw- ay Friends are sore stricken, May God heal and tiless, ' and I murmur Amen to the prayer. "Our friends,'' Frank and Belleycil Have earned well the nameand I would I could whisper sweet Peace to your souls, in your sad Time of sorrow and pain He gave and hath taken your Treasure again. - : V - Christ islhe Great Healer, pass Under the Rod, it is lifted in Love, and the Balm He will Give unto you. - 1 i and many .ofT" the . ... ) T I waua.ayu,uu'j.xvuuert T.. He is trampling out the vintagewherejhe grapesof wrath are stored;:: He has looked the fateful lightnings of His terrible swift sword '7 ' His truth is marching on." Officers-StoiWi- ill T .1 among mem were old acquaintances of his. I often Jieard both sides ot the question m glowing language. In- -- tense ll afoundnsrman-y-D- f r "our friends volunteered, among them men of God was .. "In the watch fires of an hundred circling camps,'' wealth and prominency. Regulars and volun ;teers were encamped in our '.vicinity awaiting when. the plundered and driveuSairits gathered n ,; 1 " . marenmg orders, and jn the interval lather jaromuV them; they invited a number of the officers to visjt us, "Builded Him an altar in the evening's dews and damps' which they did, during the winter and spring of 1861: when nightly their prayers ascended ' to Him, ,. . v I often yet recall the songs then so popular and what was 1 vj. Live, t. As I hold Mary's letter, time's Pages fold back, and I stand ZDSieathlhe "trees whereLLfirsLrnetTI With Frank. Our Jennie was , ; .. ' . . - - "Lorena," and'When ThisCJruerAVaTis was-the-sp- -- , "His righteous sentence by the dim and flaring lamps.'' ; .,:: y. yes, s . o "His day is inarching on.'' .- . " ; irit We know that, 'He tht has sounded forth the trumpet that shall never call retreat, ' ", ... ' - He is sifting out the hearts oTmenljeTore His judgment seat . With us,.rememberest thou? and' That first pleasant evening, in The xot in the wild wood? Now she, too, has left us in sorrow .' filing-prevailed-a- Over," among them; L have these now, in manuscript 'fded, but not torn and, the hand that traced tneni was hidden long ago, and a Fort named for him marks bis resting place. Blended with that lofty patriotism made officer and subordinof'songs, ate kindred in ympatfiy. Often while I listened, there seemed to me as much of sadness as of sweetness in words and music, a -: ; ates 35 He is gathering to Himself those who will, retinge of melancholy around the ceive His Gospel, end the rest are as the chaff heroi cm en who had freely j? ff ered tiiei cJiy es Jo. -- ;,,'rbeneath t he sei ve; -: their country. be swiift my soul fb meet i Hgy-- b jubilant my 4eei4 tTo bowrand . 01 the we had kno A'n, a few returned many Our God is marching on.'' Life's strange', fitful fever ne'er when the war was over, to Jell us the .stories-o' Reaches that Shore where our Latter-dathe others. Who realizes this more than the Loved ones have gone there ' Saints? One night, before they were to march in the Is comfort in this morning, a number called to pay us a parting "With aglory in Ilisjjosom that transfigures you and me.'' visit. Three of the gentlemen were, a Major, Though the shadows for us. Darker fall, it is but for a day, v, a Lieutenant, an Adjutant of the Regulars; Has not. the Gospel made us different from r God will keep them, and give them also a Captain and two Lieutenants of the what we were? "Our thoughts, plans aspira- Volunteers. Again to our arms where the tionsniid works are lifting us forever into a Meeting will take all the sting of the Republic" had higherspherea)f-understanding,Are-The "Battle-HymFrom the parting. from our former selves? Can any just come out. 1 was sick and in .my own., one understand us,who has not received of that room, and did not see the company, but on goGod is trying and testing as gold bosoml , ing, they paused under the great Irees that sur In the fire; oh, shrink not, and rounded the house, ana sang in thedarkness, "As He died to make' men holy, let us die to make men Donbt, not His love! Would we and ail farewell the as serenade, together, tree','"' Share in His glory, we rpust drink J "Battle-HymThe of the While God is marching on.'' ' Kepublic" spirit The cup that opens that glory to us. of the great national struggle, felt so intensely He knows your integrity, friends to When 'Joseph and Hyrum returnod and ' every where, the darkness of the night and the The truth, hold steadfast and gave themselves up, that their people might be Firm to the end;' and, Belle, "parting from old friendsroing to theriield of free from the savage fury of their enemies, they death, the. indescribable pathos and sacredness Every pang in your grea.t Sacrifice ' of that farewell, so full o"f hope, trust and fulfilled the spirit of those words. Aud ''God He hath known, and your Cross is m arch in g on-- " Not words of poetr y and -iWilLcntwincL with. garlands. strength, - as breathe(Uin those words, filled my9 t r ulha ridpo wer mind with emotionsaud admiration beyond grandeur atiTu7ljliIvY6Tds Unfading-- and weave for your exnression. And often since,' when I have But among the millions who admire 'that Hymn, Brow" the Crown of the Pure in heart. And now, my dear friends, let come across that poem in my scrap book, or its how few read it by this light. . Yes, as a Morruou woman I can feel its aptitle in . some paper, book or magazine, I have Joy fill your hearts, for you Are of the best loved of heaven; propriateness to my faith and people, and look closed mv eves for a moment or two to live You have been true to the ... over again that hour in my girlhood, and have forward, as the author did, to the deliverance Sarah Motherless ones,-anfelt to thank heaven for the .many jeweled of the Republic, great, and glorious among Will care for your orphans in heaven hours of that life. I have always appreciated nations. More than that for the kingdom of youras a heavenly gift,any andalluxfdents of life God, Babies above, you will meet ' I would have loved to have met the woman that were beautiful and worthy of cherished In that bright land of glory and love who wrote that poem, but' could not; however, remembrance.. And are,not beautiful memories I wrote to Mrs. Jiflia Ward Howe-- little of . In worth more than gold or silver? friendship yours, . 8 written here (during her stay 'in S. E. R. But not alone the romance of chivalry in what I have and the lady kindlj answered the time of our Nation's danger and its grand Salt Lake City), me. expressionin that Hymn, made the poet's lines Augusta Joyce Crociieron. , of deep interest to me; I learned to read it South Bountiful, July 22, 1888. APPRECIATION OF MRS. HOWE. anew, without the thought of waving flag and martial music, without the proud thought of Dear Editor Woman's Exponent: splendid uniforms and da'shing cavalry, remembrance of that dark night and It gave me much pleasure to read your notice NOTES AND NEWS. and sketch of our distinguished visitor, Mrs; the soulful voices under the great shadowy dreamed those lines over beJulia Ward Howe. Hundreds of intelligent branches; I havehearths "The announcement that Louisa M. Alcott's within low roofed log Mormon ladks would have appreciated the side the broad Mass , is to be sold, leads to in my heart within a home at Concord, them cabins, repeated lecture a and the suggestion that it be bought by subscripseeing her, if privilege of hearing m the Theatre had been given. I doubt if wagon's cover,' and studied their new meaning tion and converted into a home for poor, child in my own tome with my babe asleep on my as a memorial to the author so well be" anywhere in the civilized world.Svonian is more Once it was to me a War hymn, now it is ren, arm; to woman to an accord , willing appreciative loyed by young readers." beand just homage. Years ago, Florence Percy a hymn of history and prophecy. From end it holds a spiritual significance At the Chautauqua Assembly at Framing (Elizabeth Akers Allen) wrote to me,."Praise ginning to. the never author that our intended, to people, from woman, seems, "so strange to me; it is so ham, Massr. r Prof. Townsend a few days ago or kne ,v of in that "application. warmly advocated woman suffrage, and spoke unusual in my experience." Latter-dathe than Saint, rendered in high terms of the vrluable-servic- e Who, better "Battle-Hymof the 1 When first I heard the, of first and truththat School Board. the His women Bostan beauty of by the Republic," it was in California. Four pf my words were received with enthusi stic applause mother's brothers had volunteered, and . two verse? It is Scripture. had fallen in the service. My mother was an "Mine eyes have seen' the glory of the coming of the and a general waving of handkerchiefs by the . assembiy. Ex. Abolutionist, my father a Southerner - in his Lord; - romantic . 4OTgfcrter-pres7mxegai- .' , n; ' "" . . y . . " -- not-transfigu- we n red " ; spirit-froni-H- is '. n . , -- J- , . " . , d -- e-Frank74ittle-Hazel a , even-withou- t - . y n : fc , , v 