a. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 160 V - Ohio latter should not .Centcnn ial , which opens next with regard to her affairs, women everywhere are invited to contribute. be above seeking that confidence not detnandit by revealing. "" ing it as a right, but moving All delegates tothe International Council her own sympathy and. love; and if the young and National Convention should wear the heart has not already been too long stmt up, it yellow ribboien raute. 'l'he badge will be the will unfold gladly aiid freely. ; I teel open sesame to acquaintanceship and cordialit. convinced that one great cause of misunderV: " yr bemuch so breeds unhappiuess that standing, ' A nil to prohibit the tween parents and '"their growing sons and granting of marriage time a licenses to tramps, paupers', idiots, drunkards ,lniHrhters. U that somehow, or other reand felons, add to keepers,' inmates or visitors came when their, infant. open:mindednes3 houses of uwausu has been; introduced into of ui a vim ceivea cnecK, pernajw ,ei ' but the Iowa State Senate. , t naughtiness, which they lared not, confess, ' - " . ol'tener think, because' the parent's interest ' the discoverer Caroline of Herischel, failed; eight . flagged, or' sympathy abated, or patience and the her of each comets, and accomplished frozen partner over, "& the epring b( came rebrother's could astronomical never the-iclabors, e grow harder and succeeding year "saw member- the multiplication table, and always more impenetrable. An open door between had to carry a copy of it about with her. the child's heart -- autlhat of its mother is the welfare of the former and ; the is. so deaf that she is The Princess remembered be must it but of both; happiness obliged to. use an ear trumpet. Perhaps this that a little harshness, a little carelessness, perhis the reason she has not heard all the unintentional repulse, may.cause that aps-one stories circulated in regard to the sensitive portal to become firmly, if not finally s of his royal highness, the future closed. ":. Ex. of t: . . ancf three other a littje babe, seven hours old, a husband little children to mourn her loss. Sister Bayles was a mefnber of the Relief Society,: was a loving mother and dutiful wife. She died as she had lived, in full faith of the Gospel of Christ. - " ' it-e- lf - .JA'NE-Mr-Walton,-Pr- - .... ' ' ; ill-fam- Bayles,, by . . Ann ' . I C.-E- Sister Bayles. has gone to the land of the blest, That is free from.-al- l sorrow and care; W here the pure and the faithful find a. sweet rest, That the wicked and disobedient cannot share. :; e ' csf Tribute A est. - Jennie Allan, Sec. Respect m Memory of Mary ..r. Walton: ; - t is left, But, oh! the parting sad for Alone in this weary world to tread; Although you are of your dear one bereft,. " You must acknowledge the providence of God. is ; , Brother Bayles, be faithful and true, On the rockf the Gospel plant firmly your, feet, short life of sorrow is through, And when-thiYour dear companion in joy you. will 'meet. of--Wal- , him-tha- s . un-pleasa- nt short-coming- " retainiilieitcorii pjitejirust - of "cn11(l?en7"the parents must first succeed iu as: of-incuring the little creatures . theird perfect, never alienable, unalterable; lov$. They-fleebe' afraid of. showing that love, and never afraid ot loving too miirca? Ex - JKNNIE CrjAPFELL. -- al " The Stake officers of Y. L. M. I. A. are hereby officially notified to prepare Stake reports, carefully, upon printed' blanks, And forward tlimas earlyita-ith- e loth of March, that a complete and satisfactory report may be made to the general- conference in April. Direct the reports to Miss Mary E. Cook, Secretary, 323 E., Third South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. v . semi-annu- al - " -- ' ' of animals, dresses in male attire Ay hen -- at work, because it gives her more freedom" in, her. stud ies at theHaenageries-an- d stock y ardsOn-"Ih- e street she dresses as do other women and attracts no more attention. Miss Gabriella Greeley, daughter of the late Horace Greeley, is almost as striking a figure as her' renowned father. She is nearly -thirty.-fivyears of age, but there is an electric ' force about her, a splendid- vitality, which perpetually renews and multiplies her charms. The 20th Annual Convention of the N. W. S. A.will be held April Srd and 4th in Washington, D. C. State and local societies are requested to send reports of work of the past year, and credentials for delegates, to the Secretary, Rachel G. Foster, Riggs House, Washington, D. U. "Mrs. Clara Foltz, lawyer, political speaker and of San- Diego, Cab, declares her intention of offering her vote at the fall elec- timrnraThiof carrying" her case to the' highest court it her .ballot be refused. Our readers will probably Remember Mrs. Foltz's visit to '. this city in the "summer of 188 5. If the barbarous judgment given by Mr. Justice Ster ling in the Bethell marriage case is not reversedronjappealitshouhLat:Dncebeat'" tended to ,by Parliament, and the law, if the stated it7amended. TIie judgment amounted to this that the marriage of an Englishman with a woman of a polygamous nation, however solemnly and ceremoniously contracted, is no marriage. Florence -- " f The Stake Secretaries of the Relief Society are hereby officially notified to prepare reports and forward them directed to Dr. Romania B. Pratt,Deseret Hospital, Salt Lake City, Utah. Ail reports should be in the hands of Dr. Pratt as early as March 20th, in order that she .may have sufficient time to prepare the general report for the April ' rRasaBonhenrrthe celebrated Frenchrpainter . NOTICES. semi-annu- England. king --Ttwin-aniL ' contributes to the March Magazine of American History a paper on Leif " Erikson. Mrs. Kuki, the wife of the Japanese minister at Washington, is said to speak "the prettiest sortof English." Mr3. Stanton set. sail for America" March accompanied by anumber of foreign to the International Council. ; crazy-qui- lt -re- Miss Beatrice -- Potter is to edit 8, presentatives Herbert Spencer's biography after his death. She is constantly receiving instructions from him on the subject. .. 'Octave Thanet," who has become known . " as a writer of very bright and original short stories, is Miss Alice French, .of Davenport, la. - J. Watson has been elected of Sacramento Grammar'School. the principal This is the first time in the history of that city tjbat the position has been held by a woman. - charge of the woman's department at the Ohio 12,''83. 202&JD!T, Communicate personally, pr by particulars, to r full letter,-fo- ' o 59 S - f FIRST EAST STREET, E.K. THOMAS P l&LE EIPOBffl SALT LAKE CITY. - r, ex-edito- The Leading ' Retail - . Trio u se Cash y Fenwick Miller. R.K .THOMAS JDjTXU JiiMES....4 The National Woman Suffrage Association was referred to recently in the U. S. Senate by Senator Manderson. It was with regard to an outside body preparing bills, for submission to Congress. ' Senator Manderson said: "One great organization in this country that certainly will command respect,' if not the entire approval of the Senator from Kentucky, has. gone so far as to formulate an amendment to the constitution iiaving reference to the subject of suffrage, and as prepared by that organization and submitted by them to the citizens interested in that question it has come here and is upon the calendar of the Senate Ex. to-da- y. Miss. Mary Mrs. Williams of Deleware. O., will have mence their next Class in Obstetrics on - e Judge-correctl- Mrs. Ole Bull OBSTETRIC CLASS. OBITUAIiy. - 6c CO., TINNERS, CAS, WATER 3l STEAM FITTERS Agent for RUMSEYS celebrated L.IFTand FOR "B PUMPS. Pumpa Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded to. Adlr8i. DAVID - JAMS3. Box 306, SALT LAKE CIT7. Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEUS piodactlons. Will be found the latest styles and in LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortment of Died, in Bluff, San Mary Ann Bayles, wife Juan Co., Utah, Jan. 3ist, i888, Bayles, and daughter of Thoniasand Mary Moore Durham. She was born in Paragoonab, Iron Co., Utah, Dec.' 6th, 1856. She leaves DBT QOOD S; for Ladies' Misses' and InSpecial department - fant's Shoes. - 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Street. 9 