WOM AN'S. EX PON ENT. 105 the fallen one; and It seems to mo this is the only way1 out of It. You have iny heartiest prayers and deepest sympathies, and would to God I could do something to help elevate and ehtioble woman. Iam doing something bnt it Is so little compared to the field1 before me that I feel humble, and it seems to me some-- and strengthen love and affection for the Gov eminent, thereby "securing a more peaceful sue of affairs now pending; and Whereas we ourselves and a majority of our citizens of the United people are native-borSlates and desire to live in obedience to the laws of our country; Therefore We pray your honorable body to repeal the anti polygamy law of 1S62; and We further pray you to enact'such legislation as will securely legitimatize our children and protect our names from dishonor by preserving unbroken the existing relationship of families which are already bound together by the strongest ties of affection, and whoee lives would be forever wrecked through separation ' and :' We further pray that in any future legislation concerning the marriage relation In any Terri-ter- y pderyour jurlsdictiorryou will consider the rights, the hearts, and the consciences of the women to be affected by such legislation, and that you will consider the permanent care and welfare of children as the sure foundation ' of the state. And your petitioners will ever pray. Items of her experience In Missouri and Illinois-- , when she had sought for justice at the hands She of leading men in yiose States. home poke strongly and earnest! upon industries and urged the sisters to use their utmost powers to help in establishing home manufactures. Elder Franklin D. Richards made a few closing remarks in which he expressed himself in regard to the work in n which the sisters are engaged. , For ali good words of appreciation and encouragement from men and especially brethren, we feel truly glad, for woman's cause and man's cause Is inseparable, and must be a mutually co-dperatl- re work. times tfiat I am a stumbling block instead of til an aid. OBITUARY; Died, at, West Jordan Jan Abigail Bradford, wife of .Bishop A; Gardner aged C6 years and 4 months. SisUr. Gardher jolned the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints at an early date in Its history, ebaredln the ' persecutions of the Saints, and emigrated to Utah In the year 1847. BtieJWAiwA$BLrm In the faith, and was a zealous advocate or1 the work. "Aunt principles of the latter-da- y the was familiarly calk d had many noble qualities of both heart and mind..' She was a member of thVTBief ldcie(yand an earnest laborer In all good works.' ; Iler loss ; MEMORIAL. The Speaker laid before the House the memorial of Emmellne B. Wells and Zioa Young Williams, of Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, asking for the repeal of the anti polygamy law of 18G2, and for legislation to, protect the women and cbilderen of Utah Territory. Mr, Clabk, of Missouri. I ask that the i paper be read The paperwas read, as follows: To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States In Congress assembled: Whereas a recent decision of the Supreme Court of the United States has declared the law of 1862 to be in accordance with the Constitution; and Whereas we, and Mormon women generally, previous to that decision implicitly believed that this law was in violation of the Constitu tion. which says, "Congress shall rxfake no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ;'' and Whereas under our present civilization we have a peaceful, prosperous and healthy condition" of society, our; children are 'owned 'and' supported by their fathers and are equally recognized as heirs to their father's estate, and our women are protected from the temptation to infanticide and kindred crimes; and Whereas the enforcement of the law of 1862 would imprison our husbands, despoil and destroy our homes, render our children illegitimate before the world, and leave ourselves and many thousands of women desolate and unprotected; and Whereas this example set by the" United States would encourage mobs to violently assault and afflict us as in times past, when we were driven from State to State far out beyond the pale of this Republic; and Whereas we went far out into the wilderce?s by the advice and at the suggestion of eminent loading American statesman, that we might worship God according to the dicta'es of our own consciences, without fear or molestation, and at the same time extend to all, of whatever faith,' the same precious privilege; and Whereas, afier the United States had taken possession of the land wh!ch our people had redeemed from the desert and made prosperous, and which the Mormon battalion under Colonel Philip Ht. George Cojke had, together with what is now known as California, Nevada, New Mexico and Arizona, helped to conquer, President Fillmore, "by the advice and consent of the Senate," appointed Brigham Young, then a practical pQlygamjst, governor of Utb, we had good rt a on to believe the Government would continue to protect us In our religious faith and its practice; and VVhereas harsh measures toward our people, bucIi as destruction of families and homes, will have a tendency. to drive many to desperation, while juel. and humane treatment will foster anti-polygam- y , ' ; , , ' Ab-bie'- as Ttr 111 Emmelinu Wells, Zina Young Williams. Mb. Cannon, of Utah. I more that the memorial be referred to the Commute on the Judiciary, with leave to report at any time. fit volaf mna mif hr a remains were interred in Salt Lake City cemetery by the side of a. puraUr of her kindred, "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord, their works do follow them. ; . CAREFUL;TOALNING. LAW. MY nnf Atilv hv , not olbject to the reference. The memorial was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. ANTI-POLYGA- Ka fcA f hest of Intimate friends and aaociates. Htr Mb. Townsend, of New York. I object to leave being given to report at any time. I do ENFORCEMENT OF 1879, 1(5, The Speaker also laid before the House a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a number of petitions for the enforcement of the law referred to tbet Department by the President; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. , IIow necessary that the training of children should be directed with care and caution, as their little minds are very suscepform & part of tible to impressions that-wil- l their character and deportment, and will ' indeliby mark: their future path in life. This thought was called forth from a parlor entertainment last evening at. Mrs. Jones of the. 11th ward,?.in; this city. There was a little; handfnl of cparents and children seated In front ot temporary stage, which was beautifully .ornamented with hanging baskets of moss. work .and an tu mn leaves, and temporary furniture; all of which, was the design and result of, her own hand!, , work. ii,iVr t In tunica in e a jit tie, trained group, which learned was tutored by Miss Emma Jones. The entertainment consisted of recitations, songs, drama, dialogue and a tableau The mosses and vines carried .mypaind a run r lntr tVio Tiilla onrl Halr . i r ha ono . weed of the ocean. As the little fairies come -dancing upon the stage in such i'slinplicily, all: so youthful, with such grace and j gen-- tilityV the scene find the" acters bespoke a talent and a loYeKfor thQiibequtlfuV Xbo piano aided to:-- echo heavenly sentiments to our hearts. At the , close the tableau composed of the, lit tie fairy grou p &$nped a heavenly piclurei and we, all exclaimed, "hOW'Jatttlfalt'f-pivi.ttr. ' 7' rThlg any i sisters .was- rcalt home, enjoy- mem, uumo ian;ui, uume manuiaciure.r: Then why? I ask, should thet Latter-da- y Saints, send for, and spend l much, to toys to, amusp and entertain the youth, when better can . bo protluccd, at homo, . Simple amusements. formed; iu home circles, will not fail to. leave good impressions npon the .youthful niiqd and help to establish a. love for home.x. r u . anti-polyga- , EXTRACT. FROM THE LETTER OF A LADY PHYSICIAN IN PENNSYLVANIA' Dear Mrs' Wells: - ; . ' I wish I could do something ' to encourage and cheer you. I tentyou the first notice I saw of the movement of the Crusade. I was greatly suras grieved tto know that there prised" were women so utterly ignorant cf God's laws as to inaugurate tuch a movement I do not, of. course, know the laws of your church, but take it for granted that they are binding, just as they thould be. That women are degraded, enslaved, and cruelly treated in the polygamic creed I do not believed ' My knowledge of woman teaches me that the conditions of Vomen In plural marriage must be more consistent with the laws, of life and health than in mo' nogamy. Prostitution and t'eith are broadcast Icur from 'tbli vtry causa, and ' there land seems to bs no stay to', the foul flen-J''Death mocks at it with hvha society hisses and f corns," itself reeking' In Jthe filthy slough. Polygamy a curat? ""Nay, not that, but the greatest blessing ever bestowed npon woman; and thousands would flock to the standard did thfy but understand' and know the true laws govern I og ;tbem. j I da not believe that there is a, true woman Ju our latd to d&y ? but grieves at.d MlenUy pn owe at the downfall of any,womfc.n,Jbut t e.iv;helple8sand can ido nothing, not even give a helping hand to Anil-polyga- my s well Jo-d- ay . !o-da- y; . J -- ; , . . ; i ; (..-,,- ?.- 1 pur-chas- o' - ; '(' id'nl'h: EBarney Feb. Slh l87U. - r;:c': ; 4 J born with eterniiy; Uhe capacity to apprehend them waits in time. . TRUTHS were E. S. TUBNERV- 'ir,;.-.- - U 