O N B KT. WOMAN'S EXP 7 02 opment of their moral and spiritual faculties Many people do not believe that children ros sess any positive spiritual faculties that can possibly be cultivated so young as under elgh', nine, or ten years. But however t'ny the germ may be, it should be, nourished and its growth encouraged proportionately with other tendencies. . There has been too much neglect f these spiritual qualities in the young, yet they are of vital importance lu the perfecting and harmonizing of the human soul. If they can be called out in the children, faith will increase, and the is always more knowledge of God. Child-lifor le?s delightful; it stands out separate and apart from all other phases of one's life as the time of genuine happiness, and the traditions and instructions of the earliest period are re. membered with a distinctness that almcst THE ROMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor. In Salt Lake City, ' Utah. One copy one year, $2.00; one copy six months, Pabllshed Term B&ni-monthl- y, Ten copies for the, price of nme: Advertising rttfl: Each flqaaro, ten lines of nonpareil tpace, one A UtraJ discount to per month, $3-0time, 13-0regular adTcrtlBera. Exponent Office, Lower WcBt Boom of the Council Bualness hours House, South Temple Sheet. from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Sunday. Address all business communications to LOO. ' 0; e Publisher Woman's Expokkxt, Salt Lake City, UUh. SALT LAKE CITY, NOV. 15, THE CHILDREN, 1879. ' passes belief. What tender thoughts are awakened by the one word children, in the hearts of all who realize the relationships of life. It calls out the affections immediately, and awakens with in the soul emotions born of love for all that is good and pure, "The little children! how innocent they are, how guileless in their simplicity, how attractive in all they say and do in their artless, unaffected manner. Love fur children is a heaven-borattribute in the human character; it is right to love and cherish them, but there is much more to do besides loving them, n in the usual signification of the term. Gener- ally ipeaki ng, love Is blin d to fail Us; it shou Id not be; this will not answer with children. Parents, mothers especially, for it is to mothers we are addressing these few Hues, thould (liscl-pliand control the love they bear their children, so that it prove a blessing. It should be the kind of love that is watchful, diligent, and tender, yet firm and decided when necessary. To help little children to grow up good and pure, honest and upright, is a noble work. Most people bavo contented themselves with thinking that before a child was eight years old there was little need of teaching; yet everybody knows how susceptible children are, how inquiring, and how eager to see, to hear, and to do. It is evident that to correct the evils that exist in the world a great reformation is of a kind unlike any other, and many needed, wise people believe it must commence with the children. They are certain'y the purest element to work with (would to heaven they cauld be born purer pbyalcally), but this la another ppint in view. This work must necessarily devplve heavily upon the mothers; they make the first impressions, But thy may have helps Jn teacher s and instructors, who, by various methods Of interesting and attracting them, may relieve a short time the mother, and draw cut much of what i fine and tender in their own natures. The finest and most eminent characters of whom wo have heard, or read, have expressed themselves as being happy iu thesoe'ety if llttla children. The Savior rebuked his disciples for refusing to let the children be brought to Him, and said in those touching words, that have been quoted ever since, by all classes of people, wherever the Bible Is bnojrn, "Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not, for of such ii the kiDgiora of heavne con-ita- nt to-da- y over-burdene- ' Among this people there is a host of children; the parents are anxious they should excel in all that will make them noble and truly wise. Then it is absolutely necessary that some special pains be taken to raUe them above the ordinary standard. The custom has been to educate them morally and mentally, but the spiritual has lain dormant. But a new movement has been made to put into active exercise the spiritual elements of the children's character. PriFor this purpose the organizations-callemary Associations have been formed, and already much has been accomplished in this direction." But there Is not fcufficlent interest awakened upon the subject; many parents are indifferent in regard to the matter. Some good people think this getting the children together to teach them of the thing of God, and help develop in them at a very early period the latent germ of spirituality, is superfluous; they are taught to pray In the nursery aid a- - the mother's knee, and they are a!ar taught in, the Sabbath School, act! that more than this is cramming them with things they cannot other have said, "It Is some old woman's whim who i To all, or any, who feel any doubt on this subject, e would suggest that they take the trouble to visit one of these same Primary Atsoclatians, and listen to the teachings given, note the spirit and manner in which they, are imparted; hear the street voice3 of the children singing, and seo thVeyes sparkle with Innocent pleasure and the little faces brighten as they answer their questions; ani better still, hear them speak in their childish manner of faith andother principle?. Oh, it is a glorious thing to eee our children walk in the ways of the Lord while in their early youth. They are the future hopo of Israel. Mothers, let us ever carry this remembrance in our hearts. d &p-prec'a- ovr-religious- HOME AFFAIRS. d en." Everything for tbo better education of lit le children in all that Is most excellent should be one, end because of the Indelib'e Impressions, made upon the infant mind in its earliest years, tbecreaUst enro Rhoqld he Ul;eu in ths devel ,'' Mes. Ormstead gives lessons in artificial at one dollar per week, every day from two o'clock until five P. M.t at Mrs. Bead's, right hand side of Bishop Hunter's bouse, in tbo garden, between Z. C. M. I find the SaviLg's Bank, Main Street. An Egyptian Postal Card, mailed at Port Said, Egypt, has been shown to us, really quite a curiosity. (Blessings on the inventor of these precious little cards!) They carry tidings from the old to the new world. The lady who sent the card to her sister in this city Is on her way to azireth, to teach school there. The fch'p In which she tailed encountered the inoit fearful storm in tbo Mediterranean tropical lightning for six hours, like incessant cascades, of frp, hailstone size of hen' egs." flower-raakin- z, CORRESPONDENCE. Arizona, Apauiie Co , Oct. 25, 1879 Mas. E. B. Wells: Dear Sister After a long silence I again resume my pen to correspond with my dear old friend, the Exponent, This leaves us well and prosperous in the far off land of Arizona. The brethren ihave succeeded in raising average crops this season. Notwithstanding the long drouth, they have had plenty of water to ir i gate more land than was cultivated. Sugar cane averaged one hundred gallons to the acre, and a very good yield of corn and squashes. This ii the best country for beans I ever saw. Theio will be no difficulty in storing beans for famine in this countrj, as there Cin-ban abuudaica of them raised here. I see from the Exponent that Sister E B. Snow recommends the fctoriog of beans in Smpete Valley. Our settlements here, though small, would do "Well to give heed to this counsel. Owing to the scattered condition of the there is no Relief Society orgai iza i here yet, but some of thesis'crg aredjingwLat they can in the way of clothing our neighbor?, the Lamanites, wh; manif st a friendij f our kindness. Bro. Lewyilen Harris has teen very dhligent in teaching them, in connection with Bro. Thin and otbr; so much so, that one of the head cultfa said In my htaiiug, when asked to smoke, that he did not fcmok-- ; that thosa who did not drink 'whisker-; or use t obi ceo, wt uld lhe. twenty . il... il. . i iii mme minion iuuger ujuu iuu:e who uiu to this liii.d is a vtry important one. When I have met with brethren who have lefi their familits and labored for years past among the natives of this land, I have been reminded of the anecdote ofiiro. He her C. Kimball when he went to preach the mysteries of the kingdom, which was that Br of Amasa needed a pair of pantaloons " The brethren and tbteis have been poorly prepared to render assistance to these who have labored for years past among a people th it cannot sustain themselves. The everlasting hills rrjolce, and the earth is madeglaii, together with the ancient covenant people of God, because of the blessing of the Holy Priostncod that has come upon this land. There have been appropriations made by the Saints hero for the opening of a now road from here to Utah, which will proven great blessing to thoie desiring to emigrate to this country. The old route by way of Lee's Ferry hs been a terror to some. As I stood gazing upon the rugged cliff's, toweridg perpendicularly above th river at the ferry, I was struck vith awe and reverence at the sight; a sulernuity les'ed upon me. I thought of tho sad fate of Bishop Koundy, and the btauti.'ul theme of Parley P. Prtt, the gifted theologian and poot, when he U, appre-ciatio- . 1 u " txelairaed: "Ilcra 'mid tbo mountain's towering dome, The Colorado wa'er's foam, And freedom finds a home. Ufa, come, come away." Bister Annie VVood3 joins me in love to tho brethren and slaters. Wo 'hope' to soe the day that unjust judges will no longer tit in judgment upon holy men of God. Tin me God that cauicJ prison wall3 to fall.Iu ti days cf tbo Savior 1$ their God, and His a. -- i is not weakened; He can deliver. Owing to the irregularities of the mail, I do not receive more than half of the Exponents duo me, threfqre the sisters here are waiting to send their subscriptions for tho toper in consequence cf th? delay. With love to the brethren and skiers, and a fervent desire fur the tercat of the Saints, as ever, .' V. It)- -, East. 