WO MAJ$B E X P 0;NJ1NT 238 - .V 'tis written feet they earth,' of thy gods have bat walk not. while Zachariah tells u3 "eefc stand that day oIburGod, ,s dispersed outside and ran races, &c, and at an early hour they were finally dismissed. Ever upon the Bloant of Olives' When" said the cruel ono; "if thy God hath all these attributes hy does he not deliver thee from my power." ' The lad replied; "Ho delivered Chanan-ya- h and his companions from the power of Kebuchadnezzar, but they were righteous men, and.Nebuchadnezzar was a king deserving of seeing a miraclo performed, but for inej alast 1 dinrie't t2&oxibyM uiMbmpi lion neither art thou J worthy of the'demo ? 5 ' strationof Godsowdn'' "Let the lad be slain as were his t-- i ri;t s t M. A. ! : wis defeated were 107 Conservatives, in eluding 24 memhers of the Governments 457 IHbme Bulers;ahoV64, Literals.' :, The ml. JnOrly comprised ?bf 62 Liberals, 29 . 1 -- - ft Jl me rtiirsi oeiore my cunu, can: Nay'1 ho uriswcrod, acofflngiy not do It; forthywtf law' forbid whether it beTo, or shee'jyyefehaU hot kill It and Its" young in one day" (LeV.1)-- 5 ! "Oh, woe toUhee" 'replied 'the mblher, "thou who art so particular to regdrd Iho laws.' ; Then pressing her boy to her heart, "go my dear one, shoI said, "say to Abra- ham that my sacrifice hath j exceeded his. eof to ;'; sacrifice' He x .tratttL6rio Isaac; thy mother! hath- BuIItseVon altars,4 and sacrlflccdl3Svatt Isaac's laonoday.iHo t; ; ? . ' 1 altar-Wher- - was butJtdm)ted ' thy m6ttior performed." After thoexecutfon of her last son she bedamd insane1,' and fell from1 her house-top- . Whero she fell she expired. ; Kestob ITEMS OF THE GOSHEN PRIMARY ASSOCIATION. A little party and meeting was held in the Bchoolhouso at Goshen on Thursday, April 17. Bishop Wm. l?rlco was present, with some unexpected visitors from Santa-qni- n, whom we were pleased to see. The meeting was opened by singing, and prayer by our Bishop. Singing, "Don't think there is nothing for children to do." Bish- op Price then addressed the children, mak- ing appropriate remarks which were very gratifying to thoso who presido as well as to the, members. Sister Louisa Taylor made some suitable remarks, and Bro. Stick, ney, of Santaquin, likewise spoke to tho comprehension of the little folks. Several of the children then rocited pieces, after which their President, Sarah Roberts, directed them" through a series of oxercises, and. 'questioned them upon what we had taught them, to which they creditably responded. The meeting then closed by singing" and benodiction. The President then arranged the children by two, and marched them to tho now Society House close by, where they were surprised by tho sight of bans, tarts, candy and good things neatly arranged upon low tables, to which they were 6eated; Bishop .Price asked, the blessing, and while they partook of tho feast prepared; showed tlpm the necessity of having their names"; onrolled, so they could partake of the feast, and narrated the history of tho Supper of the Great Bridegroom. , Wo had a large attendance .that day, and sovoral camo who never attended the meeting boforej-- s a large supply of refreshments was made there waa . abundanco for all, also for some aged persons and sick people. Tho childrei then 1 Desires tbd ladies of Salt Lake and those visiting Conference to call at ber show rooms and see ber new stock of MILLINERY. The latest and moat stylish modes of Hats and Bonnets In Straw, Felt and Velvet. Also a nice selection In Flowers, Feathers, Plushes. Velvet and la the latest shades and stripes. Country dealers, please calL LadJea1 Hair work in all its bMmchefl. Good work guaranteed. ; . Z. O.and JMC. Retail Dealing in an kinds of Wholesale DRY I. NOTION QBOOEBIESy MEAyt AND SHELF. UAJWWAEE, adOJ)JSL &c. Con- servatives, and li Home Rulers. There wcre rnany,exqellent speechei on this question while It was before 'the House which wo will perhaps make extracts from soon. Suffice, to say the woman question is at present being successfully agitated. (Successor to Mitchell A 'Jmoes,) Famps Repaired on short notice. from the country promptly, responded te.-- s ox 806 Salt Lake Oity. ' " r" ... tt eri ! ; East Temple Street. , dcs-troye- -- VI Klb-bo- ss Sec'y. states that the smallest division that has been recorded since 1870 took place on jMarch 7th,, when Mr. Courtneys resolution wA: jec,teti:by 2 J? Votes to'; 103. Majority tl 1 4, ; IhUhQ maj bri tyjby which the? mot i6n ' 1- Till, Palace of Fashion, No, The April number W.S. J. Manchester 1 A Primary As Sab An. Roberts, Pres't. I Then spoke the mother of the bbys :"Giye mo my child" she cried, Oh cruel king, st let me fold him in myjarmsiere thou V' hla innocent oUng life sho threw: hep. arm around tho ladj ' clasping lifni pressed her1 1 ipsr tighUtbejosonifitlor 1 to his; Tafeo my iifdl, fcho cried kill t , -- sociatious, with lovo wo aro your sisters in the Gospel, : the tyrant. interest-o- f desiring-th- e 4 s . PnooREss iir NEW Hampshire. There Is light arid hopoj ; The world movef On Saturday evdning last; at ' a district sphool meetingWhich' distfJctcomprlses most of the inhabitants in a3 town of 4000 persons, the district elected Miss 'Mary Gordon,, ono of the Prudential Committee. She is a lady worthy of such phsitioh, and a higher me. It is a victory for Woman Suffrage. The town Is ,threo fo .one Bopublican, as Of against Democrats a'pd Greenbackers. course, Republicans, like all In power, are Inimical io Afomari'Siiffrae; but the law Is, and is destined fto bo supported by the women. Women are timlQVaf first,but bold and . . . brave aJterwards, arid" ire feeldom wanting in strict Integrity and unalloyed sympathy With right and justice. n. March Exeter, 17, 1870. Ex. Address. David James, NEW SPRING STOCK. F. ADERBACH & BROTHER, 55 East Temple Stbeet, Salt Lake City. Five Hundred pairs Kid Olovest Trimrodns. lnrs, Cuff 100 ULBERRY TREES. Fa ! RJEW SPRING GOODS ARRIVING IV XH! LATEST Ladies' Bowa in Silk and Lace. Tics a large variety. Collars, CuQ and Ribbons, an excellent variety. New Stjle. Dre88 Goods. And in fact everything you want in general merchandise. Conference visitors, call at . at the Forest Farm, from Three cents each upwards. ' r Please forward all orders to SALB MRS, ZINA D, YOUNG, . Salt Lake Ciiy. Orders by mail or otherwise are promptly attended to. Home Industrial Straw Manufactory. Wishing to accmmodats her patrons, the Ladies of Salt Lake City and Vicinity, has Removed her Show and Saleroom to No. DAILY, HOYELIIIJ LaAlcs' Cartoons of Ribbons. Ties, ajid Collars LargreBt Wholesale Millinery Stock In the West. Notions, Boots and Shoes, Gents and Boys' Clothlnar and Furaishlnir Goods.-Etc- ., Eto. ,. ,T MAIN STREET, Jenninn Corner, and respectfully 4.9 Two doors south of nvrtes the friends of Home Industry, and the Publio generally, to call and examine, ber stock of Bats made from the latest Parisian style and sbspe, Ladies will alsoiflnd a variety of Imported Hats and Bonnets, with every, thin pertaininir to a lira tc lass Millinery Establishment at moderate prices. and Panama, Leghorn and Straw Hats, Cleaaed, Dyed Altered. FRENCH HAJE STORE. KOTICE TO ALL I IP- - SSWABTZ Has rtmoved, with hla entire Now Stock of FANCY & STAPLE DRY GOODS, Opposite the Salt Lake House, and will sell as Cheap or Cheaper than ever. &0MBTII1NU NEW II0ME-M1D- E. "O- - Bnell's Soap, warranted First Class, 3 Bare for 25 Cents. " 3 for 20 Cents. Bo,ap,;r,r Sarrit . Washboards, (Zinc) 85 Cents each Brooms, 35Centseach ... A FTJM, STOCIT OP YABIfS, JEAtfS, ALSO Cassimores f to $1,25 por Yard. TK.XJ2STDBe. Etc. $LOO JOHN C. CUTLER, Agent, Old Constitution Building. o Ladles are requested to call and examine the rcosl complete assortment of Curia, Braids. Switches, Etc at Reduced Prices. . All kinds of Hair Work made up hi the meet Arttetlo style. Oash paid for Human Hair and Combings. Salt Lake City. JOSEPHTNB GREGORY, 97 KimbaU Block. ROOMIIA B. PRATT, rznrszczAir aud QTjixoiiori, OFFICE stiars, In Old Constitution BuM!n, next door to the Woman's Ezjxment om, Btre?? Q0 Bt tIocJt8eaat 01 p(xt Office, south Elds of Womeiand1137 :'M been TenJ? O10108 diseft of T7p DISEASES of tho EYE AND EAB. -- 31. IDJlSTWOOlDmY': WBOLSULLl AHJ BXTAH. XV FURNITURE SPRING BEDS, WIRE MATTRESSES, Feathers Wall Paper AMD BABY CARRIAGES. 75, 77 &79 First South St,f Salt Lata lOity 