126 r.r Tlio;ASil:tJtaii crusade has "cbmmericed 1 firflierhaffusual.' pate " In 'Ms annual report io mo oei;xivtu! offending man.. What society wants is a new division of its anathema. By what law of justice does tho burning ex. cbriation on society pursue offending wo. man down off the precipice, while offending into respectable cirman goes cles,' invited up if he has money and means, forwarded Into political recognition, and all the doors of high life opening to the rap of his gold headed cane?" Here is polygamy at our very doors. Because Mr; Talmage dare lay bare these sins in the heart of the Metropolis of all North America, he has become the target of the press, the most abused man in all America. He knows it, and says, the reason is, these church lepers don't want were no liquor Baloohs, no gambling; hells, no; bouses of prostitution, ;!ncL paupers -- andfew criminals. ' They' were not compelled to lock their doors from jheives, and at any hour of the night a woman was safe to' l traverse any part of the city unattended. But now, through tho husbands, fathers, brothers and friends of the male sex: of these "Gentile" women, institutions have m been established which were previously ; unknown 'in Utahf saloons, gambling dens, These the. "Gentile" houses of iadies can endure, because they were ac stomed to such vices in the States, but I marriage they feel- - is more than delicate natures can bear. Out upon am hypocrisy and nonsense. For Our artwe thinlc piuralrmarriages ..stand wht mo 6sld:the common abominations of cities; cities ai4say? The country everywhere is rotten tvjth lust, and woman is everywhere th rictinrof man vices and crimes.' Read the following extraet(rom ji recent sermon by Rev. T. Dewitt . Taihaago upon Vice in the Metropolis, and find thesemor-a- l hells tenfold worse than Mdrfnoix mar riages. And how are these hells supVeii? Not by youth, not by Vyouner men. not by recoenized and open sinners, but by married Christian men of wealth and position, distinguisheaaw- judges of courts," yers,'' " officers in. churches," "political Orators," "fathers and husbands." 1 HE UTAH QUESTION OKCE MORE. iuicuuj, 1 ill-fam- womeWortJ not its nstitutor8;if the laws 111 .'4L Ai.nl ' Tffe numW 'Jjl noV n make them. They .have; been Jsverynalet politician never holding office, never until ;,mis iau; yen memoers or political ciuos, ca8iingjtireirfTotes ana going away again, : It iifl&i&J)see iuggesti thatfee woipa&n ,no Governor of Utah should be : : disfrWcised,n4 havo,fat ditfereitimes been c to WypmiijTv Xt'tiuVdthwbrneh of thelState's fl6;not Hold; ins;Mipt that; this .ueeineci .a punisn- Wors.t ;male crimi-- ; j that feloris1 mayot lose tne rieot of sufferage ,?aIjfrdone(l. In . 'JfSvW a jyeieparan Itb.Vibjimii if 'Vimmf are a disiratchised no?votes fpf iMyahEveryt "I hatediscovered in my midnight ; Brdokiynt im ihehiwlib&iir m'i .. As itr;iith5overnors,; .so it jstjwith has not been in power Me:flfteenf monlth fro very, Iong,buj President. v&a cairM ; the time of his Wife the presidential chair in March laafMto theadjourpment of iplasf, Congress male ; he had;pardonpd 9store& tjieni 85 u citlicD-; to: iSinSatBoTda.. lands. Oiata iijwould t rs, alpowr;: its;; .n bo raised; i tlojGfoyerr iiyoposeci tpv tako. maip br hatjven prppos. fore this suf-JronJU- teb foincmse xnaiapolyiramists.: J3o tialnoonly orxjpoliticlr pa. per in me couiimveryligiouai pa per as well, would lost, against such an. tion, fyut as it is Vonly;;Wpl takes it coolly. Did thej single auite noia pouiical power-hea- r no'moro iji rbgarit T lb, ulis tho women of Iho territories l power of the ballot it hold$' it isogis even $ Over the worst rnalo cnminais- r- It is the great protector ,h fi v; t ;,f Tho entile, wprnen;ltah havo also addressed Mrs. President Hayes and the women of tl?e p;nttod;tatesrr-hav- e prepared a mempril ,tp circular letter to the clergy, against the mornion custom r of .jplurajl marriage. ; B.ut, after all, T M GonrAnd;. Ph kty t--i . 1 - . cities sup- lielrfiSIt?? .V?''?.,-7s2Ja i)l j saonjum 014 . , V the word "support" become. ' lawyers, officers in churches, political ora tors that talkpn the Republican, Democrat- - The polygamous wife in Utah stores. grain, makes silk, belongs to relief societies, is" foremost in everv crood work. Let Utah alone and begin with tho male sin- flifreof theOShlpir.0 State. ... 1 T ; friiXHE Utah, o- -J , ic ana ureenpac piatiorms aoout uoa and good' morals till you might almost . take of "Gentiles affairs. , Some 2,000 pyrrms;cry it wives, In Utahatmiil tho ad- tho "Gontilo" population, there converts' ih one night On the night of our exploration I saw their carriages leaving : - 7' - -- iv" ; : on ... . HOMES AND MAEEIAGE VOWS BETRAYED. .1, But I have, something toi tell ;you mofo astonishing than' that the houses of Iniquity are supported by,; wealth people wherirI Cteltoq the:are supported ly the headVof with' .the, lauyuciwuiera anu upon pem.oi. DroKen, marri-- , WJmjerjury many of , them keep oh niggardly portions, wih. ; . : vejraiea amtequipfeia , ; SJL r: .womlere3f womema? atelSSM frdmV-'- ' ng womerJf Utah." down-trodde- h ; f is a membblTf 'theAtlyiipfy Committee'ofho National WOmahWSuf f.. Mrs.-Well- w thisrpopuiar WAeftye?qt;aft iniquity, - Such out pieucist social fe.and from ff lifeiions.?i no: ov wiu rerorm, tney burden of. malediction-- from th head of woman and hurl it upon tho J - , lagevysndhila fromaliaWeTcTr - i ill-feeli- nu-5uaua.- ,1 wonaeai T- jjo i leather merchants, hardware merchants, cotton merchants wholesale grocers and representatives 'from all the wealthy class-es- . ;' v-S- . m, ; they comBii are and agents perfectly own canoe." their paddle addresses were made claiming the rig of protection in the free exercise of their religion, and declarinig Congress had as much right o legislate against baptism by, immersion as against plurality of wiyes.j Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells, editor of the Woman's, Exponent, expressed herr astonishment that women should rise against women, and although she cherished no towards them ; thty could rest assured that ft would be t'diamohdcutr diai mond." She closed by saying Shb th.anejlj 9a God there were some who Were' not afmcfc 10 nuDiisn a wora iavoraoie to ine "puur from WaiOlreet. largo Broad ay, iron 'merchants, im-portcrs'- " , count- is driven iof a X. !e SI Hi f tfrwwnH.. tirAtnon rho der thFlmpresaion MIM If the Inmates will answer you will find stodk-bfoke- rs " Jt;nquireray8 the fheseilitari bo WOMEN OEUTAH PKOTEST article in r.i.lrylho uJrlr,Prnvo Clfv. - lot beinff. recognized assy nonmousH- Een. These felons. .these law-breake- . 4... xors anunn urooKiyn society - f mansions of iaadvBfiS many ofiBBtenehferto before sin:and may ? ex- - ion oi me iaw,' a BUcimercy ckss; jttivo0mpere'd with, m ercyjs mejed out to baolding class. ballot-holdin- haunts of iniquity aro thape4 6(Hby whSicalted the better - llerhprJying nt su ... oiner btate. rt renames uwfrnqmnjevery r.j. VisitedHo the full on the disfranchised 4 LEPEES OF. SOCIETY. TH-- E classWM?e3,. ; vesw'W interfere. As it was wi th Vtoms: For our own part we honor Mr. Talmage; he is nobly battling for women, and pointing out as no other man dare point out, the vices and crimes 'of his own sex of his Christian brethern. Why are not these Bethings but an ehd to in New York? ' cause ndbbdy wants them to be. The police have such full cohtroi that in some of these dens no man enters without their permission. They are not destroyed because those In power do not want them destroy. They are not destroyed because dis- ised woman is held as the mere g men. That is hmg of men arc. required to support why'Tevilo one abanbondd' woman. In. Utah we have religious polygamy in New York we have irreligioiis polygamyas well as polyandry. In Utah) the polygalroswife still bears the name of wife. In Ni&wJYork the woman of many husbands is hatend scorned by those very men who 'support' her. Faush! what a stench in the nost - ihare mina. nh'eir.;caD:s ; 1 great od crying injilstice is jproposed y in regard to the fwomricf!tho territories MVAfsswiiw. e." , : ed 1 ; : . kid-glov- - tiohj proj&sd the disfranchisement of UtaE women. iowvin jne name oi au jusuce d Tlehi vro ask why the'wo n 'of Utah should ;lfeSisfMchl5J'aftQttl minen of. Utah? lW it is On account polyga nw. the sof s .vwwtHWUUtO V , Several resoluildris. ero passedbut wo have only !room for thdYoflbwing: ' V i ' ft "i J ':'av fl;'-'Tir:,?if Resolved,. !Tbat, wo protest againtntho ml VBimctment of any T iawswhich ; dcn amenciiu citizens, wnetner mate orieinuiu ot any constitutional rich ts:. and ,w ..... .iv that i una jnako a united offort to securo tho V n: ." -- ; . . ' ( . 