W OMAN ' S EXPO NB N T . THE BABY AND THE SHOWER OF BAIN. For the first time the pattering rain he heard, And all hid wonderinf powers at once were stirred. He's elfiht months old my baby "Le," Yet rain before he has not cEanced to see At least to noticeand from window pane Be turned to me with looks of "Please explain" to-da- y, You know, dear sister, bow we mothers think We understand the baby's nod and wink, And learn as much from 'coos" and cunning looks As scientists from nature and lrom books. is the rain, my birdie pet," I said; He raieed his band and sagely shook his head; 'It looks like water' then he stopped to sneeze Mc The same that rung akin? below too trees; ' The same you use to make me clean and sweet. In which I love to splash with bands and feet; And now you call it what?" "The rain, my love." "Well, I can't see what brings it from above; .'Or how i; stays thero till its time to fail I cannot understand the thing-a- all! I think that I must wait until I grow, And when I'm big like you, then I shall know." t And so he dropped the subject for a time, A nd clapped his hands and sang a baby chime. How much, I thought, we older folks appear Like this meek child with matters not quite ctear. Things are presented which are mysteries grand, r. We see and hear, but cannot understand; ' Yet to our Father they are all as plain And simple as the falling of the rain. LULL 1575. NATIONAL WOMAN SUFFRAGE AS- SOCIATION. An interesting convention of the N. Wr. S, A. convened in St Louis, May 7, 8, 9, in St George's Hall; the session lasted three days. It will be utterly impossible Jor usjp attempt Jo, gi ve the, proceedings in detail, but, judging from reading newspaper notices and letters received since, it must have been grand and inspiring. Mrs. M. J. page presided. Among the most noted speakeis were Miss Anthony, Mrs. Spencer, Mrs. Virginia L. Minor, Miss Thompson of Iodlana, Miss Mary Clay, Kentucky, Mrs. Meriwether, lie v. Olympia Brown, Miss Danforth, Miss Rachel Foster, Miss Eva Pinney, Miss Phebe Cousins, and many others equally notable, In the afternoon of the third day there was a meeting for ladies only. This meeting was on purpose to discuss the Social Evil question, and to take some measures to prevent Its being licensed in that city. It was said every time the door to admit ajady in popped someopened man. Miss Anthony wondered how it would be if the men were holding a convention at which they requested there should bo none but men, and women should hang around the corridor and peep In "Mother Eve's curiosity would be the cry," was the answer. Some touching incidents were related by the ladies, but we have only space for an item or two. : Mrs. Gage read extracts from the "Declaration of rights" presented to the Convention at Philadelphia in 1876; this and her comments were the key notoT to the afternoon proceedings. Able letters weie read from leading lady suffragists in Edinboro and London upon the subject for which this special session was called, and the most profound attention was given to them ''Miss Anthony made a few utterances on theT absorbing emphatic subject of tho social evil in St. Louis and the threatening bill, urging the women of St Louis ever t?o ircnr its ix&x?rii Mrs. Spencer then camo forward and read After Hiss Anthony's speech and the tumultous applause had died away Mrs. Stanton spoke, for three quarters of an hour. Her address is said to have been of the pathetic order, and was considered the crowning event of the week. Both men and women shed tears at some of the pictures she drew of tfie wrongs which needed righting, and her matchless bursts of eloquence, with her quiet Impressive delivery, compelled the multitude to tho most extravagant bursts of applause in spite of their desire to keep the charm unbroken. some resolutions: 1st. Resolved; That children, young girls and women who have become criminals outcasts, paupers, or insane, should be committed to institutions in which women only are officers, physicians, teachers, nurses and laborers. . ; ,v, r . . 4th, Resolved, That charity, modesty, meekness, humility, patience, mercy, i el long suffering, and the whole calendar of virtues, are not exclusively feminine graces, but are equally becoming and appropriate to man, and should be demanded equally of men and women. Alter Mrs. Spencer finished reading the resolutions she gave her version of Eve's temptation, and then with power and pathos gave some incidents which bad come under her own observation in large cities, St Louis, New York and Washington. Mrs. Spencer was earnest and eloquent upon the subject; she has become thoroughly posted on all these matters. Miss Danforth, Mrs. Meriwether each spoke pathetically and eloquently on this topic. The last session, held on the evening of May 0, was crowded to overflowing.. Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton had lust arrived. acchaving been delayed by a stage-coacMrs. Minor occupied the chair. ident After some letters had been read by Miss Couzins, Miss Thompson of Indiana with a few remarks stepped forward with two magnificent baskets of flowers and made a short but eloquent speech, enumerating - some of the women heroines of the age, who for thirty long years had fought a grand fight, the more grand because it was bloodless, had end ured ridicule and suffering, that the girls of this generation might have an opportunity to fulfill woman s mission. She mentioned as leaders in the bjigbt galaxy ojferqipIpQ greatness Lucre-ti- a Mott, Elizabetli Cady Stanton, Susan B. Anthony, and none, she said, had practised more l, or had put self under foot more completely, than the last named. "Turning to Miss Anthony, the speaker, with a tremulous voice which bespoke the sincerity of her expressions, presented the flowers in an address that was simply tears to hundreds bringing of beautiful, The testimonial expressed tho love eyes. ana respect or thousands of noble women, she said, but was specially the offering of Philadelphia and St Louis ladies. Miss Anthony, with tears streaming down her cheeks, arose amid thunderous When she could control her voice, applause. she said that it was unfair that, expecting her to speaTf, they should bring such , a scene as this before hor. To demonstrations of gratitude she was a stranger, and she did not know how to behave." If they had thrown stones at her r call, ed hard names, or said she should n'tSpeak or that her speaking did more harm than good, or that she ought to be burnt at the stake;, or had said anything against the cause which he had been frying to serve for thirty years, she would have known what to say in return. She hoped they would not expect an appropriate acknowl-edgdmoof the demonstration. To to her trouble here came Elizabeth add Cady btanton at the last moment as smiling though she had no occasion for apologies after disappointing big audiences all the week. Miss Anthony after making a few other devered her famous lecture f r,rem?rks' and tho Ballot",, which i- nOur read ew x& trntt tt ' At some resolutions of to thanks the citizens, the press, Hotel the-concluss- others were read by Miss exchange Foster, and adopted. It was announced that" the next Convention would be held, at Ind lanapolig next May, and the Convention adjourned MRS. SARAH rfi?5 hrs.ttVim fn J. HALE. Mrs. Sarah Josopha Buell Hale, one of the oldest of American writers, died in Philadelphia, April 30, leaving as her memorial a mass of writings covering a period of nearly sixty years, and which everywhere show painstaking Industry and a literary- - capacit. She.wasjtorn in Newport, N. H., in 1780. She married David Hale, a lawyer, retaining, however, her maiden name pf Buell after assuming that of her husband.; Mr. Hale died In 1822, and his widow began her literary life a year later, a book of poems, "The Genius su-peri- or of Oblivion' Concordj 1823, being her first venture. Northwood," a novel In two volumes, appeared in 1827, and In 1828 she became editor of the "Ladles Magazine," published in Boston. I In 1 837 th Is period I . -- eal was united with GodeyI4y8 Book,' a Philadelphia magazine of the old .'school, and Mrs. Hale was its editor, until, 1877. Her name has been most widely known in connection with the "Lady'j Book," but her pen was busy with other subjects than theso growing out of her editorial duties. She wrote, first and last, more than twenty books, mostly of that peculiar type that one dissociates with the round table, with Its red and black spread, the bedthe wooden stead, mantel, with Its gilt china ornaments, and the,white muslin curtain of the "spareroom" In the low farmhouse where, perchance, one has passed a ' few careless vacation days. L American wo. men have written a whole library full of self-denia- . on, jcair association, mercnants jjaumui, mo and h nt T: May 1st. . This morn my baby waked with strange surprise! And to the window turned enquiring ejes; Salt Lako City, March 27, 49 high-poste- d this kind of literature. They were the books that mothers gave, their sons and daughters as birthday presents thirty years ago, bound commonly, in full morocco, with sides and backs gilt in' arabesque patterns, but sometimes in simple muslin, with the same ornaments, and In 'silken cases, with . 1 1 gilt ede-es- iifioi RucK pretr, "The a Ladies' Wreath , and "The some or MrsHale'a best ? vuenug," known books, will suggest the whole class. Woman's Record, or Sketches of Distin-guishwomen," is a very useful manual, and takes Its place with the best books of reference. This Is the work by which she will be longest and perhaps the only one thatremembered, will hand her name down Her remalas rest at Laurel Hilt !r?rages Woman's Words. Wfc ed -- "Miss Claea Louise Kellogg has been en", caged to appear with the Mapleson troupe fn fWef $Snilug ttiMta VrtftStotfc - 