W) M A 63 : TKrt the sincere hope that we have not wearied yon, and also that among your re qllections oMhe pa3t there may be many; gardipg Mornioa emigration canrliavo? It. j wasquito a surprise to me,but what is to bo, i fate will have it 'so. wiltbe, ' i! ;: thi3 midst of- the most to gladden, comfort arid cheer, we bid you Your respectfullyl rugged; jnoimtain pass. After crossing the ' I ; ; ,tas loving adieu! Nellie. ..bridge the-- scenery j is - very similar, the river lying on ho other side ;of tho road. A i.A jfew. miies on you come to Deer Creek, ... Ior,tho Exponent. which flows idown the mountains 'and emp- Editor Exponent; iaties into the nve.? Ibrinerly great quanti- .at' i j,tioSj,of beahtifuldeoc dnhabited this region San Fbancisco, August JO'th 1879, Enteririsr tlio cailon named above, which if. of country, but have been killed Off and ia .one of the grandest In lttah,'you pass.. The last number of the Exponent is bef driven aWay by tho settlers around a sort of serpentine road; fol)owing fore me arid allow me to say I think it Alraady autumh has tinged tho leaves of the Provo river, just where it has.b'eon,. ratshrubs grows more entertaining. I take great in- and. trees in these mountain' locali- rxck to a cut to possible tenas through eievaie highway, icresiin every, tnmg wnicn tie8 adding beauty and rich coloring to the sidesaoC mountains, the ;r andrQUitle women, and certainly your paper does, for.: step the. ma pi e3 blaxe in-- crimson, and L. 1"' 1. .1 ;Bcepery; i xu a roau an to to lusii offers all iuiuw oareiv wiueeuyuu contribute! it opportunity theaoaks in their, pa- - imitation give a carriage1"cir..! wagon, to travel ftutt'iaj many their mite and in so doing, they unfold, it ibrigtness and charm "to the picture. their minds and lo! in some are gems of places impossible: for teams to pass each TIIE MOUNDS. OB POTS. and but for this avenue these so; that when you turn quo of the ' other, thought J ' bright thoughts "would never have been i angles, or bends in the road you are in fearvMidway, one of .the: towns lying a few in : - from - . be team a will there ;th Jest comingdeveloped. miles on from Prove? Caflon, there are some I thinks there never was a time ju3t like other:directionv The Utah Lake stretches , ;iwpnderfal, natural; curiosities; they are" the present one; ioth politically and finanaway towards the horizon in the Bouth west, delgcateJ by, thg peoploin that vicinity as are on the eve of another elec- - :. before you are .fairly in the cuiion. and on cially, we r pots. ThBy are, pearly round in form and tion and business is at a complete standstill, , the '.pther; side are the towering heights of of .fSQLQe ithn conjtin'Watejr, others are dry. is until the terrible ordeal the waiting passed ,They rise in the; shape of a hill, or mound i3 the this: worxderful. wild communist one As :travels Kearney, of erfijand t lxaVQt7af.rimrof solid' rock through doing . . V. I r iL.'-- l. 4.. JI mou in tain pass, the picture fa grand: inj its " Lookjng ; down perhaps - twenty or thirty ho has lost his power but we can safe! say he effect .upono-tam&XQ) imaginative feet into these, dry ones,-1-, found there was has held great sway with the working; many of them shrubbery growingamong the sharp rocks w. .y.YY-V-:-:like classes, solid, rock, look J great battlements, at the r, There. are several of these i has Fair and of could one but not is . attended and ri magthe al forms; illttle distance from each rough opened, .... almost alike them ine If quiteJwmeriaily'jaalieri:6Xore.castles; lowers, you other. There' 2D6 others, that contain warm have-ee- n visit one-yq- u for years, .' tures of immense size in them water, sohie'fortfeet in depth, - lit has no A ture: lor, pe.r.chance,Uie:.imins.siancientU4 fiinel 1 o Fsu lp hur bu r r:is imply soft Water, they vary very little ; why it is called a .. j Fair Its & query with me, for it seems to be buildings, once the homes of a great and greeablefor-bathinpurposeSi There is. . all advertising-- The building is of redwood Out' now of but one spring about four rfeet in depth," where petrified. powerful people, these barren, rugged mountain sides, it is quite cus ternary to bathe, which: looks architectural ornament and 'has neve rseen ... and erevice wherever there i3 a par-- , like a rock basin; tnis is in ' the side of a tide oliHoUi grow shrubs and trees, in many, y-;paint; it is decidedly rustic, in the interior; hill. Some' the decorations are, mostly flags and the of and instances tall pines cedars, One of theso ; mound s IS very largo' inthe mountains, less rocky and more abunspaces alloted to' the different exhibitor s deed and in its appearance. are completely filled. There is very little dant in dry loamy soil, are covered with It. is sak thorland covers a crust, or layer of and plants and short, dry'grass. Shrdb3 fancy work- - displayed, mostly machinery. rock, and there-- ' aro parts of tho town where L There are three flue fountains and they alin saw Occasionally ttaveUngf"aJyig I a wagon passing oyr rmikesa noisp similar ternate' the music to help wile away trio would and stop sometimes, they rabbits, to crossing a t bridg.e. .There is no doubt time. It is'tho fashion to go to the Fair and pricking up tbelripng ears Iobki at us buHhesoj pots.; are volcanic formations, and uresseu in your dose ana see ana do seen, rwitli their beautiful sharp eyes; as much". as that agef iigo, nerhaphere were in that to ds? to .nuu mo uirnngiti3;ierriDie; uems on tnis disturb have What Vliin5tlz. you rro rnrnlirno nf nafn r vtrKfnVi right 8jy, tVthe alid are and now subject public through the given Sqriirfels" hopped about gaily, causetl thxjsp cuipusphenomena, V Fair Press, a paper published in the builthen some wild bird flew past, as if in tar-- " . . .1; rnr ding ' In some parts of tho cftnon the rocks rise , rAllSanJFransiscans'that can are visiting at " ' TUB OEIGIN OF THF POSTAGE- some of the many pleasant summer resorts perperidicutaf to dvrygreat height, and STAMP. and really thy city, has: quite a voomy present a lofty and imposing appearance, I.' Thetradei winds Uarb doing much which inspired one with awe and tlioughts ' flheifoslae-stamti.wa3: born, in London, of even a weird nature would reeetfl" appro- good if they are - disagreeable, for, the city on the'lOth was never healthier; it ii not owing to the of "January, 1840; and England priate to the place and its surroundings, jit board of health though for the sewers aro mostro--mantic eai4o5i0.d it 'alone. , fori ten years. ' Franco is really one oF the wildest and ) ;. adopted it on thoast of January, in; a- terrible condition aud the Chinese and places I ever have ?een. cannot Gt to-be 1850. in are yL but is Provo rmany, quarters Al river always in sight, its banks described, they According , a was it horrible, and right in the heart of the city; willows curious with phonse incident which bend Esquirosr usually. fringed but we have been blessed with this cool sea rise. to the idea of .postage-stampover thatavo the water, although, scat gracefully breeze and" we have '.so fai escaped from A 1 traveler was cros3ing,-aboutered; along are .ehpke-eherrforty years elderberry watave'-iTshi-- and.hawthorrttreei I Thereiwas a fii a burn. dvi$easd, although ago; a district in the qoijth of England. He lying in of. an inn, where a arriyedoat ithOjI-doorquarantine with yellow fever. . Physicians ing in the cailon a,s wo passed through, arid a caflon fire lools, grand, yet there say that It cannot incubate here owing ;to ' postman hid jtoppe.d ;to ideliveV a letter. A although ' the dool alrtiut in the interior it would find is. soriae thing fea r ful i n it wnich: detrac ts youug.vgirL emmmt Jto, jreceive it,; j She -!it 13 for there . turpeA Jfjovwijind over ample field, very hot and tho ; from,thb enjoyment ;.of its: spiGndbrj'j hand, and n about at centre tho tho UskediuihepricoT.of . of Arriving postage, TMs was v tL terrible time "arid lias Deen one ; reach-In' a g and . year large sum, oy idenUy tho young' girl you feach ;the bridge which crosses the this portpshe left New York and lost was for aemiebf the the .Jirortnd herej indeed, ii poor; beauty postman demanded a one crew and-par- t of another. The Captain . gigbed-sadlShe. celebrated. . kr and said that y, shilling. apd grandeurthc 'cascade, his wife arid cLaughterwere all prostrated called letterfrom "The Bridal The Veil." i wTas, hoi, brother, and that waterfall, il with this dreadful disease, the.wife died water falls from a hicrh mountain of solid vJ snnaanpmoney; ana so- she returned it and; TtheffCaptian became helpless, the rocK perpenaicuiar, several, hundred fedt, u ,i$ibfiP was a" man toot "convalesced and and , and of daughter earth- for instruc.yvho ramble, charge foaming dashing down the mounai)plo?Having tain side, the white spray. is blown out by theAyessel;LShe took soundings' and guided tion an4 observation a good heart, the ship safe into this port. She is but 21 the wind ' untir it h as thin and filmy as he offered to pay the, postage of the letter; arid is one of the greatest heroines ; andj ih'sitg ofHhrrcsrstanco of the young gauze,and in!lehgth atfdtlneness of tex- of the present age, as the ship must have - ture - really girl, hie paid the shilling. A This resistance 1 ,v; been lost but for her. riame it bears. iflbws through mad6rhim reflect. ' Scarcely had the' post see I bythe papers you are having mdre back-tha- n man- - turned the young ii. trouble JA.Salt Lake; r What effect. do ypu a lake on the Very summib of confessed that it was a thihigh thinlE the letters sent to renations waters The he'r brother. trick and foreign form In a sort of between her mountain., flnw fivw jflind : bedutif uli pi ft ura I a the then!-- - iinwH-'.-iformin- er - ! - . - r-- : ' i 1 .. . ; -- ' f 1.5 -- - . ; ' 1 -- 1 1 S 1 A. 1 -- ? "- , ; . , : 1 '-v Wasatch-mountains- . ; . , 1 , n : : " ; ., '. (lofty;-fmoiiatai'QS- : , of-almos- t bott-om,- , , 7 ! . - ; rough-archite- c -- - g r in-cle- fts i - : . 1 quite-wonderfu- l . f. : : -- as-peq- U, l.r - 1 - M. s. -- y, t p i in-h- er jhe-cafib- . i - L ycpid rmbfevitlpwiioso ' ? inn-keeper'SSag- . ; 