AN' S EXPONENT. WOM 86 - Coun. L. OBITUARIES. Died at Washington Washington Co., assembly. Thanked God for the many mercies and blessing vouchsafed to us; and prayed that His spirit and blessings might rest upon the Conference, and upon those detained at homo with the sick. Pres. E. R. Snow made a few remarks: had been much interested in listening to the reports; counseled the sisters to be diligent in attending their meetings, for in so doing they would receive a blessing which they could get in no other way. Afternoon Session: After singing and prayer, Pres. E. B. Snow said to the presidents of branches, that they were expected to report verbally, and she wished to hear of the moral status of society in their several places of residence. The statistical and financial reports which bad been read, did not tell of the spiritual influence exerted by the sisters, of the increase of good acts among them, nor of their feelings tdwards . each other. The following presidents then occupied a short time in speaking. Mrs. II. Lamont of the first Ward, Ogden City, Mr. Mary West, second Ward: lrs. D. White, third Ward. Mrs. H. Ballantyne, fourth Ward. Mrs. Shurtliff,HarrisvilIe; Mrs. Bickington, Mariett: Mrs. Belknap, Hooperville, Mrs. Bird, Lynne; Mrs. Fields, Slatersville, Mrs. .Sep- tember the Pneumonia, Harrison of a Pesrce, twin son, Elijah M. and Htnilttv ta Steers, born June 17, 1879, f'ir ' WfcyiaTnhatlemortala feel 16. of TIpboid Such grief when death draw'3 nlsrh? us closer to Our God, who rules on hlfrh. It only brtaf RfclTA. Died at the Nepbl House, Nephl, June 1879, Sarah Jane aged sixteen and Alvin aged seven the son and daughter of Henry and Susanna Goldsbrough, They have gone to their rest spotless, and pure. They are safely sheltered In the bosom of Him, who said "Of such U the kingdom of heaven." They were too good for the iude blasts of earth O, how we all prized them. The silvery tones of their voices, their sunny smiles, and their numberless acts of kindness, live in remembrance, and we Weep because they are gone from ua, we feel it Is hard to give them up, so good and gifteJ, so tender and true. But "death has nil teasous for its own," and we have no rower to stay its. hatfd. Death came among usan"unbtdden guest aud an unwelcome victor. But they hunger no more for the Lamb shall feed V1 he n aod Mhall lead them unto the fountains of living waters and Qod shall wipe all tears fiorn their ' ye. j- It is fitting - district. Maycock,, Pres. E. R. Snow addressed the Con. ference. She said, it is not the talented alone, but the willing, that are most useful. Whatever ability we possess is for the general interest, and in order to improve society we should improve ourselves. She considered 1 hat the presi den ts, in report! n g were educating themselves to do more good; it was not for their aggrandizement, but to make them more useful. Jesus said "let him who would be greatest among you, Hot-Sprin- : we should place upon our reccoi ds some small tribute of our regard. To the s'rick- h rim t Vi n Iagh eoam a I rranu rnkln An nnaa t.r those to whom these beloved oues were nearest and dearest, we tender our best sy mpitbies and yet wo know we can offer no palliation. H Who is too wise to err, too good to be unkind, knew when it was best to take them to Himself. Sister Sarah Jane passed away from earth in peace without a" strugg'e. In the last hours of her life the bore a strong testimony, to the power of Jesus's grace to sustain her and the precious corAfort of the Ho ly Sphit to her soul XXT be A. Davis. R. S. REPORTS. Zion. Relief Society, was held Thursday and Friday, September 18 and 19, in the Ogden Tabernacle. Pres. Jane 8 Richards was absent in consequence of sickness in her family. The other officer of the organization wcroon the stand; also Pres. Sarah Herrlck and Coun. Emily Richards of the central board of the Y. L. M. 1. A. of Weber Co-- , and Pres. E. R. Snow and Mrs E. Howard of Salt Lake City and several presldents of branch societies, Coun. UlJ. Herrlck, Bishops R. McQuarle and P. G. Taylor and Elder D. M. Stuart were present. Conference opened with the usual exerl elses. On nomination by Pres. E. R. Snow, Mrs. E. Howard was appointed Secretary pro tern. Sec Frodshem being too ill to preform the duties of her office, Minutes of last Conference were read by Mrs. Emily Richards and accepted. Statistical and financial reports of the branch societies were read by Mrs. E. Howard. All were represented as being in a prosperous con dition. the servant I g of all." We work in the light of revelation, and God. requires us to make use of such material as we have to get knowledge. She counseled mothers to read good books and to seek for wisdom arid understanding. We aro too apt to run in the direction of the world. We are formed of the earth arid are inclined to give the rnle to the flesh instead of the-- Spirit We should reflect upon thesesubjects and guard, against extremes. She also made some remarks upon the principle of Plural. Marrige, the fulfillment of prophecy, and the necessity of keeping our covenants sacred. Mrs. E. Howard: Through the Relief Society organization we are placed in a position to improve ourselves. We should study the laws of nations, especially those of our own, and educate ourselves, that we may be able to teach our children the prln. ciples of truih and righteousness. She gave some instructions to the secretaries of the R S.; referred to the principle of Plural Marriage, also to some of the teachings of our Savior. Sec. A. M. Frodsham said she felt grate, ful for the privilege of attending the Conference She desired' spiritual food. The Gospel oCChrist was her all. Sho thanked God, she had nevor doubted tne truth of this work. Prayed that sho might be restored to health and live to do good. Bishop McQuarie made a few spirited remarks. Ho felt blessed in attending the R. 8. Conference, was pleased with tho labors of the Sisters, and wished to do every thing In his power to assist aud encourage them. Conference adjourned until Friday morning, September 19. Friday morning session: After tho open-in- g exercises the reports of the Y. L. M. L A., of Weber Co. and the Primary Assocla- , Who who woulj lire alwax avray from his Ood, Away from yon heaven that blessed abode Where the fly era of pleasure flow o'er the hlyh plalqa And the noontide o'f glory tternally reigns, Weber Stake of J. Herrlck then addressed the tion of Ogden City, were read by Mrs. E. Howard. The presidents made brief remarks. Of the Y. L. I. A., Mrs. Nancy HillflrstWardrOgden. MrsrRE.-Mone- br fourth Ward. Mrs. E. Shurtliff, Plain City, Mrs. M. Hall, Huntsville, Mrs. S Belknap, Hooperville. Mrs. M. E. Slater, Slaterville. Mrs. A. Madsen, Mariott: Primary Association Mrs. E. Rudd, first Ward, Mra. A. Odell, third Ward, Mrs. A. M. ' Frodsham, fourth Ward. Coun.J L. J. Herrick said ho was much pleased with the reports. He felt proud of the young ladies; thought they were doing all that could be expected of them. The kingdom of God is a perfect organization; nothing is wanting; all are organized from the High Priests down to our children. This should stir us up to diligence. We should encourage the yonug to attend their meetings.. We are glad to have Sister Snow with us. She has dtjvoted her time and talents to tho promotion of all that is good and pure. Ho thought the sisters deserved praise for thereat good they were doing. Elder Stuart made a few remarks, lie said we were all, young as well as old, engaged in the Work of the Lord, which is to redeem all His children; and through our diligence and faithfulness this work will be accomplished. He gave good counsel and instruction to mothers and children, spoke in praise of Sister Snow, said she had done a good work, and millions would yet arise and call her blessed. Afternoon session: A large number of the Primary Association of Ogdea City were m attendance. By request of Pres. E. R. Snow the children sang "We thank Thee 0, God." After prayer singing by the child, ren "0, my Father" Pres. E. R. Snow asked many questions which were answered with promptness by the little ones. Her remarks were full of instruction, and could not fail to make a good impression upon the hearts and minds of her attentlvo listeners. Mrs. E. Howard addressed the children for a short time, interesting them very much. They then repeated the Lords prayer in concept and were dismissed. Pres. E. R. Snow exhorted the sisters to be watchful and energetic, to see that their children were kept under proper influences and that no evil take root among them. Miss Rose Canfield was elected secretary of the Central Board of the Y. L, M. I, A., of Weber Co. Bishop C. Critchlow, Elder Wm., Sto well, and Borther Morley each made good remarks. Conference was ad. jorned for three months. Singing and Benediction. A. M. Fkodsiiam. D. M. Spkixgville, Oct. 3, 1879. Meeting of Relief Society and Primary Association together with their respective teachers and officers held in the Church in Memoir. One year since the Relief Society was reorganized and primary school established. President Ann D, Bringhurst presided, singing by first Ward primary prayer, singing by second Ward, primary, fourteen girls under 10 years of age sang "I'll be a little Mormon." After this tho time was pleasantly occupied by relating adpoems, composed for the occasion one dressed to SUter Ann D. Bringhurst one to the teachers of the Second Watd, Pri mary Association foltowed by catechetical exercises sweet songs selected and prepared by their patient teachers,1 which were sung with spirit; recital of the Ten Comand 