WO MAN'S B X P O'N EN T 106 powder, d Isgusted me. A nowspaper man to whom I had been Ihtfoduced, noticing I observed her, asked me If I knew who I replied in the negative; he told me her name; it was one with which I was familiar, through Washington papers. There are scores, I may say, of young women who coax, and flirt, and practice all sorts of innocent little arts to carry out their own purposes, and looking up into; the Senator's handsome faces, tell them in the most graceful manner they are the very. nicest and best men in all the world, etc. "O that I should see what I have seen!" and "such is life" at the papitol. Here, as elsewhere, those who pander to the caprices of men are the women who win, while those who maintain a firm integrity to principle are For the Exrontiafx. LIFE AT THE CAPITOL. she-wa- s; In Washington, the famous pity of all oth- ei8f .where American Statesmen annually assemble to make and devise laws and empower tho nation's courts; whercgenius, fashion and wisdom vie for mastery; where great men bow to human laws, and cowards grovel at the feet of diplomatists here I find myself looking on and wondering, taking an active part, too, in work which erst eeenied idistastefnl.: r From Senate to House, lrpni jono Reporter's Gallery.to the Olber, through long corridors and halls, -np an4 down wide staircases, and narrow by newspaper opesgettlng. interviewed people on.tbe way into Committee Rooms, all these . and .waiting in window .recesses things I've been doing, but with a personal feeling pf intense abhorrence, yet with a strong sense of duty. .ro be, sure thero are many beautiful historical painting?, and pictures of jgreat men, statuary, Qtc., pillars of polished marble, magnificent, prnamental and the most elab. orate and artistic architecture, all these and much more but ' hero where beautiful things predominate, viewing the greatest men who are before the nation there arises within me the most peculiar feelings and, curious thoughts, and although the surroundings are calculated to inspire ono with reverence for the past and those whose figures in painting, and sculpture adorn Washington's most magnificent building, "the Capitol," yet the scenes going on around me, the conversation which falls upon my ear, dispels the and drags the senses . back to a keener appreciation of the, phases of human life, as - to those who are they present- themselves- - T looking on. - Here and there, alone 4md In- groups, are numbers of people all eager and- expectant, each with the very Impress of their own nature visibly stamped upon the countenance. Some tired, restless, but earnest one, some careless, frivolous, gay ones; they wait around the staircases, In the halls, at the doors of Committee Booms, men and women, all with a purpose to carry some measure, to obtain some favor, or to influence some member of Congress for or some bill, or against the passage of " . ; ; j ' . ! ; to-da-y, semi-enchantme- -- v - r - appro-priatio- Y ;rPr6tty little scenes of a ridiculous or V-- n.' . sen-tinieht- ar nature are constantly occurring. Noticing one day a woman of decidedly od& 'appearance, I observed her actions as I sat alone waiting the audience of a Senator; she called a messenger and sent her cdrd; a vory; dignified elderly gentleman camo from tho Senate Sh'tp rose and took his proffered hand, welcoming him mo3t cordially, never letting go his hand ono minuto he' was evidently ' much embarrassed, there were many people In the room; she . looked' up into his face; and smiled as 6ho her urged question. , He stammered and Bho hesitated; persisted, sho.coaxed, and at intervals laughed aloud like a young miss of sixteen; she kept him in agony, until he could not, or would not,', endure it any longer (holding his hand up to the last mo- ment), and at last she was obliged to let :t htm go. I could not hoar except now and then a word, but that was' sufficient to arottse my curiosity in tho woman. She soon sent for another Senator, and after persecuting tbreo of them in a similar manner, she hobbled out I always had a great respect for age, but this') woman, over seventy years old, as T after ward learned, as. Burning the costume and manners of a young woman, with yellow wig, 'rouge" and -- 1 : W is ; ft if Attor- nt ; -- - - Vice-Preside- m nt - generally unheard and unheeded. Itlan-is enough to make one exclaim in the guage of the Psalmist, "How long! O Lord, how long?" The short session of. Congress this year, and the great amount of work to.be done, causes some strong arguments to bo used on questions to be discussed, and this sparcould ring is really entertaining, if ono came we only have time to hear it. But hero for a purpose, and consequently cannot devote much time to any question, except such as bears upon. our own. In the Riggs House, where Mrs. Williams and I are staying, there are great men stopping, whom we have a good opportunity of seeing as they ait at dinner, or jLn the Wheeler and parlors. Devens take their meals in ney-General where the large and elegant dining-roowo take ours. There are also Senators and Representatives from several States; some have brought their families and some are here alone, MOst of the ladies dress very elegantly. Many of them are very tall, and I have noticed that there are many more elderly ladies than young ones; also that the members of Congress are in a large proportion men advanced in years, whose locks aro grey, and who are undoubtedly possessed of great wisdom and large experience in politics and matters of state. The ladies devote themselves to society, and spend most of their time in making elaborate toilettes, calling and receiving, and at evening parties in honor of each other. - Occasionally there is a grand wedding, where the silks, satins, flowers, laces and velvets abound still more profusely. There are two ladies of talent, each highly gifted in her own art, in the Hotel, who havo both been particularly kind to us. Mrs. Morrell, a painter and a real artist, whoso pictures are not only beaujifulj but many of them are historical,. is one of these. Sho speaks French and ., German, has traveled on the continent, in fact resjded in Paris and other famous cities of the .Old World, and has all the polish of a truo The other Is a writer of Frenchwoman, rare ability, quite young and very popular, whose letters from Washington are especially entertaining; These two ladies we shall always remember with pleasure. r . Aunt Washington,' Jan. Em. 25, 1879. Air. and Mraw JJf ewer of Wayno County KentucKyhavo tenty two children, an extensive BxftWQryWt Stephen- Douglas" said: "There is no appeal this side of heaven," fronl' the Supreme Court, thus creating a despotism in wOils country. Abraham Lincoln said: "There is an appear, ana me, feopie are tne tribunal to appeal to. Vhieh is rights - RESOLUTIONS adoptdd by the eleventh convention of the National Woman Suffrage Association, held in Lincoln Hall, Washington, D. C, January 9th and lOrnr 1R70. ' Whereas, in the. recent elections for the popular branch of the'National Legislature, the question of Voroan suffrage was wholly ignored by each of the great political parties, even our most zealous friends not risk, inga vote In behalf of this principle, andinWhereas, the result of said elections, stead of being the overwhelming victory for either party which each antieipated,has been so that if an to- more balance4bem, evenly i '"it '. . election ror tne next president snouiuJ De thrown into the House of Representatives, the result may turn upon a financial issue to which neither of the old parties is committed, and which is now represented by a third party: Therefore resolved, Tbat we press upon tho National Party the vital question of national citizenship secured by constitutional amendment as a question underlying the financial and all other national issues; And further Resolved That we respectfully remind all political parties that wo cannot have honest money until we 'have honest men. ; th Forty-Fifthe That Congress, Resolved, in ignoring the petitions of more than three hundred women citizens of" high social standing and culture asking for the removal of ., their, political disabilities, whilo promptly enacting special legislation for .the removal of the political disabilities of every man who presented to them a similar petition, furnishes a clear illustration of tho total indifference of this congress to tne rights of citizens belonging to a-- class deprived of political power. ' 1 1 A 1 . Constitutonal Amendment for Woman Suffrage is now pending on a fie vote in the House Judiciary Committee; Yeas, Lapham, N. Y.; Lynde, Wis.; Frye, Me.; Butler, Mass.; Hart-ridgConger, Mich.; Nays, Knott, Ky.; Ga.; Stenger, Penu.; McMahon, O.; Culberson, Texas; Absent Harris of ,Va., who declares he has never investigated the a Whereas, Sixteenth e, subject; Therefore Resolved, That it i3 the duty of Harris of Va. to remain absent when a vote on this question is taken, until he has as if the given it as much consideration, rights of all menwero therein involved. Whereas, as announced by Senator to Blaine, it is the very essence of tyranny count any citizens in the basis of represonta tion who.arp denied a voice ;in their laws and a choice in their rulers, Therefore Resofved, That' counting women in the basis of representation, while is denying thenr the right of suffrage, of compelling them' to swell tho number their tyrants and Is an unwarrantable the citizens of power over one-haof this Republic. mesWhereas, in President Hayes1 last; roviow of sage, ho takes a truly paternal both great the interests of this Republic, and tho Navy and small, from the Army, Indiour foreign relations, to tho ten little ans in Hampton, W, our timber on tho mv western moumuiut . """r: the Washington railroads; from the.Paris exposition, the- postal service ot harvests, and th possible s, some colored men in!varlous southern to cruelty to live animals, andtn crowded condition oi T, ducks and fishes sn tho Smithsonian msti: - usur-patio- n lf - - ?bull-dozIfi- g ms-trict- mo" 