WO CHARACTER THIRD. BY HANNAH T. KING. A calm, almost cold, some would say a forbidding exterior; can that icy reserve, that repelling manner, bo caused by a Mullen disposition? Hush! certainly not; that nature is decidedly not? sullen; take care how you judge too hastily. Then why those chilling manners? Let's- - see: Manners reserved, distant, chilling and pride-fmay we not add pride to the catalogue? Perhaps we may, no doubt that is mixed up In the character. But look! one approaches and addresses this repellent being one who knows and is known. A grand touchstone this! Where is now the reserve, the pride, the chilliness? All gone, dispelled by the magicil influence of a friend. Happiness, mirth, cheerfulness, yea, "fun," beam on that countenance, and the eyes, those "windows of the soul," have a laugh, ing, playfulness, though they io3e not their shy, apprehensive expression, now darting full upon the speaker, and anon glancing off like shooting stars. And listen to the laugh hear you not the heart's laugh in that contagious and agreeable convulsion? Where is the cldud that sat on that innocent face? Clone, and the soul is looking out at every crevice, and need not be ashamed of being seen; for it evidently bears the impress of purity, anctemits rays of honr and honesty, warmth. and modes, ty, sincerity of heart, and an excellent judgment, not easily hoodwinked, and tact, and tendrrness, are all set forth in that rather enigmatical character; and we trace a nature pensive and peaceful, happy and contented; but circumstances and communion have engrafted an irritable, because tempeiament, the conse a of soul quence that awoke from Its dream ot infancy too soon, and rendered it queru ious. A magician touched its heart, and tne soul looked down into its own donthq. and startled the youthful gazer and shook tne surroundings with a foreo at times ul -- over-excited, v un-coutrolab- l because and Plf. discipline had not yet been fully established. uu give nine ior tne heart's fountain to calm down, and It spray to dissolve and Ml.-I ..II oe caim as the infancy mi win again of this uuuiiui cuaracier. .Destroy not too soon the dream of youth! No earth born were mixed up there, 'twas soul com. muning with soul, lovely and altogether ideal; 'twas an episode in that young life, tne bright sunshine of which age itself will love to bask in, and which the mists of death need not shut out. Beloved character, what else shall we tell of thee? That thou art obedient, humhlff.' peaceful, quiet and uncomplaining? Yes. .uei lew more suns ripen thy budding charms, and I feel sure thou wilt come forth sterling, the mannerism so complained of will then be only a settled seriousness, which will be ready at any time to be dispelled by mirth and cheerfulness,' called forth by innocent hilarity. Thi3 is a miniature. self-contro- pas-sion- s Character Fourth. A calm and placid exterior, collected, sedate and concentrated manners delicate and retiring, with a mix! ture of bashfulness and hauteur, half graceful, gentle almost to supine-ne3unseeking, unbending; and around a hung mystery, a melancholy, a resignation, a gentleness, bespeaking gentle blood language half humble, half sarcastic, al! ways good; nothing dogmatical, yetrm in self-possesse- d, half-awkwar- s, M A N'S EXPO N E N T 83 maintaining opinions; withal was shadowed forth an affectionate nature, that would v identify itsel with the joys and sorrows of fr i e nds, and a constancy, wit hu t w hlch all kind offices are but casual 'and inefficient. Firmness and prudence also give weight to this character. An intelligent, countenance, a quiet eye, from whence a lofty, spirit-thrillisoul looked out, and that spoke volumes at a glance, or, rather, they never glanced, their look was a signet that stamped on the beholder an impression not easily forgotten; a mouth denoting firmness, purity; austerity soul-breath-i- ng deeply-impressin- g, ng and cynicism; and the laugh! Is there not character developed in the laugh of some people? Then this bespoke a soul born with mirth and cheerfulness, but crippled, ah! there's the mystery! crushed, by perhaps sorrow and disappointment, perhaps adversity, perhaps a change of circumstances, or a combination of all these, and so produced a smothered, inward, hysterical laugh, that awoke sorrowful sympathy instead of mirth and Joy. The voice! There's magic in some voices; ahd this bespoke superior association, and struck on the ear as "music o'er the waters roll." Temperament enduring and romantic; temper warm and combustible, but like every other feature of this raro character undergtfod control; an air and carriage that might luve befitted a six-fonobleman,' reminding one forcibly of Byron's eulogy on his 'friend Moore. It is at intervals "few and far between" that we meet with a character altogether resembling the one I have attempted to develop. Twas certainly a specimen of a select class, one whom we must esteem, and who called forth our warmest sympathies; in fine, one of those "who defy you to forget them,"but who arise on the horizon of the heart as "The morning star of memoself-sacrificin- g, ot ry." - Character Fiftix." - - ...... bending, witn slight" incllhatiotttto- naturally polite, to which educa. tlon and association have given their quota. one to whom it would be difficult to make "a parasite to time, place, or opinion; temper equal, temperament plegmatigue, disposition good, character concentrated, consistent, cold and calculating. The sitting is over. des--poti- sm; THE C0CK8 AND THE HENS. A FABLE. All the fowls having 'once asembled together certain solemn Old Cocks took occasion to preach to the Hens and they said: "A plain and simple dress and modest demeanor please us far more than bright colors and flaunting array. We do not admire fine feathers, but meekness and obedience." The Hens listened in dutiful silence and some of them who were clad in gray and brown fancied that this was quite true, and that they should please most. But behold! when they all went to a ball that night it was the dashing Shanghais and gay little Bantams that attracted most attention, the poor brown Hens were quite neglected, while all the young Roosters, and even the solemn Old Cocks did nothing but admire those Hens who wore the brightest feathors. Moral. Men's Preach ing ana their Practice differ widely. LiLLiE Devereux Blake. The November number of the "Contributor!? Just out contains much, interesting matter and is Indeed quite an addition to -- I pause over this character, because it is one most difficult to solve, even by those associating in close proximity but often I find we are least known by those nearest to us yet 'twas a character of a high order, the structure of the form and limbs denoting a type of an ancient order and certainly perfect iu that type; not above the middle height, but very strong and muscular, the head denoting in its organs an equal temperament, very small, the face large in proportion to the head; ears small and beautiful, forehead high and intellectual, the eyebrows exquisitely arched, hazel eyes, nose and mouth rather la denoting character, chest deep and full.r I . i aioguiany so, tne "tout ensemble" exhibiting an athlete; complexion showing the purest health; manners reserved, strangers might say cold and apathetic, suspect there was nothing in the soul to produce a moro glowing exterior! strancers are nftnn r,nm. judges. One of the most ancient and costly jewels in the English crown Is unpolished! Planners reserved, yes, but not repulsive, gentle and mild in exterior, thouo-- thr is quite suflScient firmness in the character; slow in making professions, seldom nHrt. ed, hospitable, very when really called upon to do the honors, can do th Pm With a winning grace; cheerful, but not mirthf,,? fond of retirement, almost solitndft. of society, when in it dull, silent . and abstracted, no love of books, or intellectual pursuits, yet certainly of ah intellectual temperament, the animal APldnm never predominating: moral nf th r0, highest and refined tone, withnnf n Vrain nr cant or cynicism; not religious as that word is generally understood, but certainly pos- sessing the requisites for a Christian; one to whom we felt we might say, "Thou art not far from the kingdom of heaven;" there seems to want but the Master Seal! Seldom excited no lightness, no "amiable weaknesses," but all Is regularly firm and un- home literature First the second article of the series on "Confidence" by Elder Moses Thatcher, will strike thinking people as eminently suggestive. Next is an instructive and very interesting article "Wind Bain and Snow;" by Quebec The second of Character Sketches. "The Spartan Child" by K. G. M. An entertaining biographical sketch of in which the memory of a musician almost forgotten is revived;great by ,H. G. Whitney; it will bd with Interest. Editorial, "Helpsreadbyall to the Priesthood" "Resuming Meetings," both of special local interest; original "Shadows poem, and Whisperings," Strange Scientific Suggestions," containing numerous illustrations of the absurdities-pu- t forth by some philosophers as science. 'Mormons Educationally," by R. w Young,in which the charge of the predomi. nant Ignorance of tho Mormon is Tho second number of people the dlscrip-tiv- e series, "Bits of Travel" by De Valli-bus- , which describes scenes and incidents in p- - "Ancient Grecian o!Trf, historic sketch by H. Cummings. Then, follows "Association Intelligence," "Review of Books," and other bright paragraph and selections, Poem Domin-IcoBallo- , ," re-fute- d. h " say-Ings.cho- ice Z entitled "The Bipple's Request," 8eV MWe lK!nk the ung people Will quite as attractive as the rn?fn nStBAn 8axe' elde8t daughter of dence of her father, in Brooklyn, Bland, on Sunday, the 12m of OctoberLong las 