61 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Ladies' Associations to aid us by procuring subscribers, or getting up clubs, and help to make this old friend as popular and - entertaining as any new one that may be brought forward, tf there are sisters not able to take the paper alone, by two or more paying a small sum they can take It together. President Young's suggestion to us was, ''Tell the sisters to take the Woman's Exponent, preserve the numbers and have them bound, they will combine a portion of Church History." They certainly will of the work of women. Women complain, in many instances, that they have labored diligently in this kingdom, and yet it is scarcely known; well, through the Exponent their labors may be recorded and their names banded down with honor to future generations. Will these whole subscriptions are due please settle as soon as they can make it convenient. We think it is extensively known that paper rags are as good as cash in payment for the other breeds and those wha subscribe to no creed." It Is high time that attention should be gi ven to this subject, for although some people may think Mormons are not made of the flame material other people are, because they have suffered and been silent, they may allow persecution to spread In the land until they fall under the curse'of the Almighty, who has promised to avenge the wrongs of the innocent and oppressed. The Territorial n the first day of October next the Fair will open at the City Market Corner, occupying the same grounds that were used last year. A plowing match will take place Sept. 30, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. and 1 o'clock. p. m, Considerable lias been said tq the ladies of Utah through 4he daily publications and the columns of our woman's paper, to stimulate and encourage them to make an exertion to furnish such specimens of work, or curiosities, as will make the Ladies' Department a credit to the industry, taste and elegance of the women of this Territory, guch premiums have been offered as suit the ocoasioa admirably, and we hope d and trust that all will feel enough to manifest their interest in a practical manner, by lending their material aid and personal influence to make the Fair a representative one indeed in the matter of ladles' Fair-O- Exponent. Recently there has work. "Songs of the Heart," a book of poems by Mrs Hannah Tapfleld King, is before us. It is a neat little volume of. origioal poetry, pretty enough to lie on the table in any lady's parlor, and would certainly be a pleasant companion in a lonely hour, for it contains poems upon the subjects which lie near to all hearts, suitable for old or youog; many of them are full of patbo3 and melody, and others are suggestive and true to life. The book in itself is deserving of patronage, and we trust It will And ready sale. Our young people should cultivate a taste for poetry, it always has a gentle and refining influence. Mrs. King is a pleasing writer, and this little book is not wanting in all those womanly sentiments that will make it peculiarly attractive to the 'sisters. It also reveals something of the .author's speaking as it does from the inner fountains of her woman's heart. The book is for sale at this office, and at. Mrs. King's residence in the 17th Ward, Salt take City. Price, 5 ) ots. e y, the great Knowing And 'realising-deepl- y benefit the Woman's Exponent has been to the women of this Church,' we would suggest to its patrons, and the sisters everywhere, that they use their influence to have it better sustained. Like all true and tried friends who wear a hdniely gart), it often; gets neglected, but we trust not quite forgotten. 'Certainly it does nof 'receive the attentibn deserves from those who should be zaalous in every good word arid work. r, Slit era remember this little paper represent ydar Interests andaentiments abroad.The, Elders find it very beneficial to tbemiix their missionary work, for. one of the flre't qawtjopstbAt come upj ig, the woman .question). ipjdeedj'itJU a, yeryrpopular one. now thioughout the worjd. It woulplbe Impossible to carry on the heme Vork in Societies that is now executed; without the Opponent as a mediam-iOf- : communication. ; It has alsa been an educator on many sub cts, aad the sisters everywhere are invited and entreated to write and contribute to its columns; and in this way develop, whatevor literary-tale- nt they may possess.: : We now urge our agents and the la- dies throughout the Territory, especially Presidents ana! omcers of Reljef pieties arjtf Young ry other-Territori- es. public-spirite- life-histor- been considerable work done by the sisters who have traveled in different parts of the Territory, and some in adjacent settlements in Sisters E. R. Snow, M. I, Horhe, 8. M. Kimball and S. M. Hejwood left Salt Lake City July 1, and traveled North, visiting Smithfield and Hyde Park In Cache Co., then on through the fettlements of Bear Lake Stake, meeting with the 8ccieties in all the places where there are women's organizations, and organizing the children in Primary Associations, where It. had not previously been effected. They were in Paris and attended the Belief Society Conference of that Stake, also that of the Young Ladies' and Primary Associations, which were held conjointly. They found everything pertaining to woman's work there in excellent order, which speaks well for the people in that vicinity. The sisters visited Soda Springs and rested there a short time, refreshing themselves with the local beverage, soda water, exploring and making a few ejections of the natural curiosities. Returning home the sisters took another route, visiting and holding meetings with the sisters at other places, making in all forty-onmeetings. Sister E. R. Snow stopped at Brigham CHy on her return and spent a week, holding ten more meetings with the sisters' and children's organizations. On Sunday, Aug. 31, we accompanied Sister E. R Snow to Kaysville, to attend the Quarterly Conference of the Young People's Associations of Davis Co. It was a very interesting meeting, prodded over by Elder Roberts, Pres. of Y. M. M. I. A., and Mrs. Nancy A. Clark, Pres. of Y. L. M. I. A, of Davis Stake. Elder Junius F. Wells, who has charge of the entire Associations for young men, was pressnt and made a very able and eloquent speech. Elder Roberts, Elder Hyde and others of the young men acquitted themselves admirably. Mrs. Clark relected two Counselors, who were unanimously elected Misses Sarah Louise Roberts, of Centreville, and Helen E. Hyde of Kaysville-a- nd Mrs. Phebe Peart was elected Treasurer for the Young Ladies' Stake Organization. On Tuesday morning, Bept. 2, we left the city, accompanying Sister Et R. Snow on a tour through Wasatch Co, We arrived at Bro. G. W. Brown's In Charleston the same evening, and the next mining met with the Relief Soon. After meeting we rode ciety in Cba-Uover to Hetwr CI y with the sisters, Mis Mln-n'- e Hatch druve a span of spirited hors s for us as easily and a graoe'ully as any young man. There was a 'meeting at two oVock, very mjmercusly attended, many of the breth- home-missiona- n - ran and sisters from other settlements being present. The next morning we w ere unable to attend meeting, but "Sister Eliza" assisted Pres. Hatch in effecting an otgan'zatfon of the Relief Society Stake, with Mm. Emma Brown, of Charleston, President, Mrs. Sarah Alexander, of Heber Ci'y, and Mrs. Mary Day bell , Counselors, Mrs. Mary Bronson, of Midway, ' Secretary., "Sister Eliza" also assisted the Bishops In organizing a Relief Society In each Ward of Heber City, which hai been somewhat recently divided in two districts. Mrs. Margaret Muir, the former President, presides over one ward, and Mrs. Catherine Foreman is President of the other. A Primary Association was also effects! in each of the wards. The following day Sister E.R- - Snow visited Centre Creek and assisted Bishop Cluff to organize a Relief Society, with Mrs. Cluff as President. "Sister El iza" aho organized a Primary Association there. The same evening she went to Midway, where she held two meetings the next day, and organized a Primary Association. On Saturday morning wo were just able to get into the carriage and ride over to Midway to see the place and look upon the faces of the sisters. During our brief illness we were most kindly cared for by Sister Hatch and the young ladies, which we shall ever remember with feelings of sincere gratitude. The ladies were each and all of them most as. -- BIUUUUS auu IU VUCU BblCUllUIlB, HIUU IV and skillful nursing, under the blessing of God, we owe our speedy restoration from a severe illness. On Sunday morning Mrs. Hatch tcok us over to Big Hollow, a part of Charleston where there are quite a number of children, and a Primary Association was organized. In the afternoon we met with the brethren and sisters and after the in Charleston Meeting-hous- e, Sacrament was administered, Bishop Mutdgck desired the sisters to occupy the time. The President of Charleston Relief Society having been chosen to preside over the Stake, it iiec a new organization of R. S., which was effected, and Mrs. Melissa Murdock was elected President. At four o'clock a meeting was held to organize the children. Monday morning two carriage loads of us went Over to Wallsburg, met with the Relief Soolety in the forenoon and organized the children in the af ternoon. This finish. d the .labor in that vicinity for the present, having held fourteen and effected twelve organizations, meetings . 1 .1 T1 I i laciuuijjg Beveu irriujary Associations. - t es-a'tat- ed , 1 a 1 OBITUARY. Died, at Manti City, Aug.-S- , Anna 1579,, Ma- fia SJrenson Peterson. Deceased was born June 22, 1822, in Westburg, Scandinavia; the Church of Je3us Christ of Lat y Saints September ,12, 1S55, emigrated in 1857. She was a faithful teacher in thn Ra. ' lief Society of Manti. She has left her family mnn-- n and nnmmnna frlAnri fn tuuuui i - i UCL SKSOf UUb. VR fpftl AKBIirA ttiaf nil. Ina. I . I that she has gone to the homa of the last, atid" will come forth in the morn of the first resur rection, clothed with immortality and eternal life. Peace to her ashes. bap-t'zedin- to ter-da- ! , . Rebecca. Vareiiat.; : Chicken Salad Stew chickens' tender and cut we meat in small pieces; to' every pint of4 meat add- same quantity of celery, cut fine; to every. w "coo, wuuu mixea, aaa lour eggs chopped fine, ono small potatoe mashed smooth ' a piece of butter a tcasnoonfal each mustard pepper and salt, and one-hacup1 of ' : Tiaegar.. - nara-Doilc- - ! '' lf - " cl 