sepb, Hyrum,WilIard, Brighameber and others among them again. The choir then sang tho anthem Jerusalem." Sister E. It. Snow said she regretted that there had been a misunderstanding about its being a mutual surprise to both Bishop Hunter and Dr. Bernhisel; said it was ow Ing to this that the honors had not been equally divided. Pres. A. M. Cannon made some interesting remarks upon Bishop Hunter's lifej spoke of his adapting himself to the people, mingling with the poor and thus better understanding their wants and needs, and knowing how to approach them; said when quite young he had the, opportunity of speaking in the Bishop's native town, and heard his old neighbors and friends speak of his sacrifices (as they pleased to call them) in leaving there to come west among the "Mormons." Pres. Wells said this people were a great deal more though t of and had more to be proud of than if they had not been "Mormons;" said Bishop Hunter was ten times the man he would have been if he had not joined the Church, and if he had not lived in the days of Joseph; the Saints should be glad they have the opportunity of proving their in. tegrity before high heaven; when a man has done good deeds he'll be rewarded for it. It is the Jato of tho Latter-da- y Saints to make some warm friends and a great many bitter enemies, but he that endures faithful to the end will obtain the everlasting and crown of glory; said we came into this existence to pass the ordeals and prove whether we will be true to our integ. rity; until we have proved ourselves the Lord cannot bestow upon his people the kingdoms of this world. Jesus had to pass the ordeals, and prove himself worthy, before he could have the promise he should be made ruler. He inquired what is a man good for who betrays his trust? Pres. Taylor expressed his pleasure in meeting with tho sisters to commemorate the birthday of Bishop Hunter and of Dr. Bernhisel; he said we expect to live together in time and in eternity, and all will be well with the faithful, and as for tho enemies of the Saints, why should we care for them? We intend to go on doing good, and in the name of Israel's God will triumph: the brethren in their place, and the sisters in their places, and we shall have tho blessing of the Lord upon us. Amen. Bishop Hunter said the sisters would have him exalted on the top of the topmost thrcne, but he was not worthy half what had been said of him; the sisters had done a great deal of good through the Relief Society, and he appreciated their labors, the poor and distressed, but ne was not nan as good as they represented " him. .The choir sang "Joy to tho world, the Lord will come." Bsnedtctlon by President Taylor. The party then repaired to the lower hall, where tables, were spread with a delicious cold dinner, which was furnished by the ladies of the party. The people were seated and Pres. Taylor pronounced the bless, ing. During dinner the children of the Primary Association, under the direction of Sister Mary Jane Thompson, sang very sweetly, with their clear, fresh young voices, which added greatly to the enjoyment. Sister Thompson brought two very little orphan children forward to the head of the table, where President Taylor and Hunter were seated, and they sangBishop very nicely, "Jesus loVes me. n After tho dinner in-heritan- espe-ciallyjimo- . J ce ng unanimously carried by the assembled con- -' gregation of the Ward; That we tender our thanks to our esteemed Sisters, the was over Bishop Hunter was presented with an Autograph Album, with his name upon It in gold letters, and inside Inscribed, ''Bishop Edward Hunter, Presiding Bishop of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. This Album was presented on tho Eighty-sixt- h Anniversary of bis Birthday, at a Surprise Party given In his honor, in the Seventeenth Ward Assembly Rooms,by tho Officers of the Belief Society of Salt Lake City." This closed the programme. The whole affair was kept a profound secret from Bishop Hunter, until tha guests had assembled to do him honor, then two of the committee went to hi3 house and invited htm to come; he refused, they persisted, urged, coaxed, entreated, the Bishop ' was annoyed, vexed, perplexed, obstinate, making all manner of excuses, but at last was persuaded, much against his will, to go with them, he hot knowing what was in storo for him. The party was a complete success, and the sisters deserve great credit for the nice manner in which, all the arrangements were conducted. Pres. E. R. Snow presided. Sister Mercy R. Thompson was the first mover in the affair, bnt she met with the most enthusiastic cooperation from the sIsters,one and all. In conclusion we say.Qod bless the Bishop of Bishops, the Friend of the Faithful, the Father of the Poor; and may his remaining days 'on earth be spent in the same noble and useful manner as his past life has been, giving wise counsel, admonishing, instructing, blessing, cheering' and administering to all who need his care and admonition, and when he shall pass away, may it be "like one who wraps the drapery of his couch about him and lies down to pleasant dreams," and enter into the world of Paradise, there to be reunited with his beloved Ann, the wife of his youth, the companion of his travels, and meet and clasp hands with Joseph, Hyrum, Bishop Whitney, and all tho grand and illustrious men and women with whom he associated here. President, her Counselors, the Secretary and Treasurer; officers of the Ladies' Belief Society of the Twelfth Ward; for their very efficient, prompt and satisfactory services rendered, in the performance of their arduous duties and the sacred trusts committed unto them; and whilo regretting their resignation and being deprived of their valuable aid, to which a considerable portion of their lives have been devoted, we trust that they will at all times feel in their future career, that their untiring labors in the past, in relieving the necessities of the poor and destitute of the Ward, will live In the memories of those who are the subjects of the munificence of the Saints, as well as of themselves, to call down the blessings of their Heavenly Father upon them. xxiavf mail a KsKJjj ui luia wuuuu wo tuiuiaucu to each of the retiring officers of the Ladies' Relief Society, as a testimonial of these our sentiments. Given under my hand this 17th day of June, A. D. 1879. On behalf of the 12th Ward, Salt Lake City. THE FAIR. As wo iiavo hitherto' briefly anfioiinced, it is the intention of the Directors of the D. A. & M. Society to hold another Fair about next Oetober In this city. The last Fair was a decided success. It is intended to make the coming one even more attractive. This can only be done by increased exertion on the part of all thos directly or Indirectly Interested In the growth and do. velopment of our thriving and promising Utah. Among the list of premiums, which will be duly published, is a long one desig- nated Ladies' work.!' This department: at the last Fair was a very interesting one4 and elicited great praise from the visitors. In the coming exhibition the ladies of Utah, without regard to creed or color, are earnestlyentreated to lend their ever ready aid to make it attractive. Tho premiums are so arranged that exhibitors will obtain awards without being obliged to become members of the Society, which has hitherto cost $2.00. The awards will be numerous, and as high as hitherto, and a small per cent, only will be charged to successful competitors. The Directors earnestly in- of the Relief Societies vito the and Young Ladies': Associations. Theyv promise more room ana oetter general to the ladles' department than at the last exposition. We will suggest tnat It is not too early to commence preparations for this labor, which we hope will be taken hold of by the ladies with?a vim and relish inspired by the importance of the pleasing .task.' Don't delay tho commencement, in duo time tho Exponent will have the list , RESOLUTION OF RESPECT. To the Officers of the Relief Society, Twelth Ward, Salt Lake City. The resignation of Sisters Priscilla Staines, President of the Ladies' Relief Society of the Twelfth Ward, Salt Lake City; Amanda Smith and Emily P. Young, her Counselors; Harriet Hardy, Secretary; and Sophia Hardy, Treasurer, Officers of said Socioty, having been tendered to Bishop Alexander C. Pyper and his Counselors, John Druco co-operati- on con-dltlon- and Leonard G. Hardy, and accepted by them, on account of III health and infirm-aties; Acting for a number of years past, with an eye single to the special Interest of the poor and afflicted of the Ward, devoting much of their time and means, as well as the offerings of the Saints, In visiting and administering to their necessities and lieving their wants in their greatest times of destitution; and becoming Angels of Mercy in assisting and consoling those who lay sick .'and bowed down with sorrow and affliction; and feeling no sacrifice loo great in holding out their generous hands and exercising a godlike faith for these benevolent objects, Therefore, the following action was taken by a congregation of the Saints, assembled in the Twelfth Ward School House, on Sun. day Evening, the 15th day of June, 1879; and, It was motioned by Bishop A. C. Pyper, seconded by Counselor John Druce, and Robert Campbell, Secretaiy, U ' "for publication.? i J s V A. M. Salt Lako:v(.; City; Jttno; 1879. ' -- MUSSEE.' ' . . , -X -- i .' Mrs. BlIll, sister or"W.7. Corcoran, psq.,founder of the famous Gallery of Art in Washington, died a few days ago.' Mr. Corcoran is widely known ; as af man of great benevolence. When we were in Wash. ingtcnr last winter we; visited tho Louise Home, an institution founded by; him "for educated and refined widows and ladles re- d need to poverty in .their declining years. it wa3 founded by request of ma daughter auu uuura iier name. ..... f, , . 