t 222 " fy. TUT. .WOJMJlL8BLX,P:o.;ii;Br.T MASS 3IEETING IN FILIMORE'f : s in: tho pleasant village of i Wingfleld mv T-:'r;:.r theErome.-'''m.'h:-fU- ? ladies of Jlillard County Stake met in Mass Meeti ng, for the purpose pf pro--. testing ggainsttho AntMolygamy Cru3ado. flfrs. Belinda M. Pratt wag elected. Chairman. Mary. M, Lyman Secretary, and Me lissa Brown Assistant Secretary.; Choir YEX TJbo ; sang, ."Awake,; ye defenders of Zion,?? Prayer by Adelia A. Kimball. Sang, "&et : those who would be Saints indeed." Mrs. B. M. Pratt: "My dear sisters and ladies of Salt friends, the Lake City, have entered upon a Crusade against Plural Marriage, and have addressed themselves to tho nhristian wnmpn nnrl clergy , of the United States, also to the Senate and House of Representatives, to y make effective the Law of 1862, setting before them the great crime of Polygamy, falsely misrepresenting and wishing to deprive us of our rights as citizens, wives, mothers and children. And shall we sit idly down and not vindicate our cause? God forbid! Let us lift up our voices with one accord in behalf of this great principle which our Heavenly Father has revealed for the exaltation of the human family. I know by the revelations of His Holy Spirit that He hasfgiven unto me that this principle is true arid emanated from Him; and thatrwhich He has established He is able to preserve. The Government of the United States is great and powerful, but He Who rules above is greater, and in Him wo trust. This principle Is holy and from God, and though all nations should legislate against it, yet He will preserve and uphold it and biing to naught all their schemes and plans. "We will not fear what man can do, but walk humbly before our Cod, and in the end gain eternal life, which is the greatest of all blessings." Very spirited speeches were given by the following ladies: Delilah King Olsen, Martha Bennett, Sarah L. Partridge, Adelia Kimball, Eliza Lyman, Angeline Hinckley, Helen Callister, Abigail Stephens, Henrietta Powell, Emma J. Bennett, Ann J. Bennett, Huldah Teeples; A. J. Pratt, Jean Sarah Davis, Emily Ralph, Elizabeth Thompson, Catherine Wilcox, Lemlra Rob. inson, R. T. Stephenson, Bird Robiaon, Caroline Lyman, Eliza Wicker, Mary A. Anti-Polygam- y Anti-Polygam- Hoi-broo- k, McBride, Minnie Anderson, Columbia Ann Ashman, Lizzie Partridge and Emily Crane. Report of Mass Meetings held in Scipio and Deseret Wards were then read. Song, "The trumpet of oui foeman." The preamble and resolutions which were adopted by the Ladies of Salt Lake City were read, with the following additional resolution: Resolved, That we will not fellowship or associate with 'those in our own community who have given aid and support to the acts and doings of the Gentile ladies of Salt Lake City, by circulating and signing the petition against Polygamy. Singing, "Guide us, O Thou great Jehovah." Benediction by Pres. I. M. Hinck ley. M. M. Lyman, 1 Secretaries. P. M. Brown. Mc-Bri- 9 J de, ' MISCELLANEOUS. Miss Laura Caillard, whoso melancholy and mysterious death is creating so great a sensation in Wiltshire, is a relation of Lord Beaconsfield,for her mother wa3 the grandmother of Mr. George Basevi, of Brighton, the Premier's uncle. Her father is the country.court judge In Wiltshire, and resid. , ItwiUmake some: people middle-aged- ., ttot th&rPrf neess Roy i feel; very al, ibeir jemeia--; brance, ;has already toeebme, & grandmoth? pld-jtaJiea- rt o;i5ii-2x)nrr.wltfalii- : rqughnheri daughter, the iHeredit-- . ary Princess of BaxeiJfeiningen, her Queen , la , a I greatr Majesty i the grandmother before she is sixty. : Up to this time no Queen i of - England has ever, lived 6 see her bu t her Majesty may now. reasonably hope ex; r Desires the ladies - of Salt Lake and those visit fei Con- t hi- ehnn ronmi And. Kea her now ttnnt fnwnAa tn of MILLTNEHr. The latest andLmost stylish modes of Bats axil Bonnet latraw Felt and Veltvti Also nice Plushep. Yelyet and Kib-boejection in Flowers. Feathers, In the latest shades- - and Stripes ' Country dealers, ' please call Ladtes? ijalrtwrfclq ill.it branthee. Good ..... work tarafcteea. , p ... ns i great-grandchildre- tp bo a great-great-grandmoth- .The death Wnolesala and RetalLDeaUc? In all kinds of n; and to see er; her grandchildren'a ' grandchildren.--TEx- v Alice lias been felt,aud deplored at Berlin even more than In London, and the details of her illness are still the one absorbing topic of conversation in every class of society. Great dissatisfaction is expressed in the highest diplomatic circles at jthe supineness of her medical attendants, and Sir. William Jen-ne- r is loudly blamed for not having insisted on her immediate removal, at all hazards, from the infected air of Darmstadt, when it wai evidently her only chance of life. His experience of the disease in England made him suggest this course; but he suffered himself to be overruled by hisGer-ma- n colleagues, who were afraid, forsooth, of the invalid catching cold I It was proved last year at Uppiqgham that change of air is almost a specific cure for diphtheria; for when the complaint broke out in the school every single case, which was locally treated ended in death whilst every boy who was removed to his own home recovered, without exception. Removal in the last stage of prostration is, of course, a forlorn hope; but it succeeds so often that the Princess's physicians will never be forgiven for their cowardice in not trying the experiment. Qf thePrincess DlZY NOTIONS, GROCERIES) HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND Q UJSBNSWARE, AGRICULTURAL lMFLEMNETS, c. GOQJXS, 8uccessor to Mitchell & Jawes,) Tinner, Gas, WaterFOB& Steam Fitter QKNT RUigSErS CELEBRATED LIFT WD FORCE PUMPS. Pomps Repaired on short notice. ttyOrdera from the country promptly responped to.ta Address, David James, Box 306, Salt Lake City. NEW SPRING STOCK. F. ADERBACH & BROTHER, 55 East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. Five hundred pieces of Dress Goods, Embroideries, Rucfe-inf- s, Five Hundred pairs Kid Q lores, Trimmings, Ladies' Ties, Cu I and Collars, 100 Cartoons of Ribbons. Largest Wholesale Millinery Stock In the West. Notions, Boots ana Shoos, Gents' and Boys Clothing and Furnishing Goods. Etc. Etc. IilULBRRY TREES, I?OB 8ALB at the Forest Farm, from Three cents each ' upwards. Please forward all orders to MRB. ZINA D. YOUNG, " Salt Lake ; dip. Orders by mail or otherwise are promptly attended to. Home Industrial Straw Manufactory. NEW SPRING GOODS -- - - IV ariuvinu daily, IH1 LAI1SI - - nOYXjLTIJBS Ladies' Bows in Silk and Lace. Ties a large variety. ColJars, Cuflj and Ribbons, an excellent variety. New Style. Dress Goods. And in fact everything you want In general merchandise. Conference visitors, call at IS JSX. 3 3XD 332 3X- - ' 2J Wlshiof to acommodat 9 her patrons, the Ladies of Salt Lake City and Vicinity, has Removed her Show and Saleroom to 9 M A I N NO. 4 Two doors south of Jennings Corner, and respectf nlly nvftes the fritnda of Home Industry, and the Public generally, to call and examine her stock of Bats made from the latent Parisian style and shape. Ladles will also find a variety of Imported Hats and Bonnets, with every, thing pertainin to a tirst-claMillinery Establifhment-a- t moderate prices. and Panama, Leghorn and Straw Hats, Cleaned, Dyed Altered. STREET, s? FRENCH HAIR STORE. o NOTICE TO ALL! IF. Has his SHWABTZ removed, rith FANCY & entire New Stock of STAPLE DRY GOODS, Opposite the Bait Lake Houee, and will sell as Cheap or Cheaper than ever. SOMETHING DE. 3 Bars for 25 Cents. 3 Bars for 20 Cents. - 35 Cents each Washboards, (Zinc) 35 Cents each Brooms, - Romania b. pratt, OFFICE TJp stlari, In Old Constitution Boild'nf. next door te th Woman's Exponent Office. Residence six blocks east of Post Office, south skis ot street. special study has been f lven to ObetetrJcSi diseases of Women, and NEW--flOilMI- Snell'i Soap; warranted First Class, Harris' Soap, Ladies are requested to call and examine the mo3t complete assortment of Curls, Braids, Switches, Etc at Reduced Prices. All kinds of Hair Work made up In the meet Artistic style. ?ash paid for Human Hair and Combings. JOSEPHTNB GREGORY, g7 Kimball Block. SaltLakeClty. - FUIX STOCK OF YARNS, JEAXS, ALSO Cassimores $1.00 to $1.25. per Yard. A DISEASES of tho EYE AND EAR. WBOLKSALX ABB BKIAHi DXALSS FURNITURE SPRING BEDS, WIRE MATTRESSES, Feathers "Wall AM) JOHN C. CUTLER, Agent, Old Constitution Building. XJX Paper BABY CARRIAGES. 75, 77 &'79 First South St,, Salt Lake IGity 