THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor. TWWELHfE B. 1VEJMLS, then, is the land of boasted religious liberty! This i3 the result of the sacrifices and hardships endured by our Pilgrim fathers and Pili grim mothers, to establish the freedom of con-scieLc- ' In Salt Iake City, Utah.. one year, 83.00; one copy six months, Terms; One copy Ton copies for the price of nine. Advertising' 1.00. Fa Wished semi-monthl- y, "- - 5i;'l;. e! O how easy to see the mote in another's eye, but neglect the beam in their own! If these poor and unfortunate young women who are the prey of wicked and designing men had been taught to be and to protect themselves, and had the privilege of the ballot, such men would be exposed and punished, sometimes at least. Only we read in the "Woman's Journal," published in Boston, of a man who, for beating his wife repeatedly (who had supported hiin and the, children for six. years) was sent up for one. month. There will be a different course pur, iued in Massachusetts when women have the ballot in their hands; and please excuse us,but they are going to have it then many of the evils that exist there, and in other large cities now, will be somewhat remedied. When-w- e were in Washington last winter we heard enough of the evils that exist there in the Capital of the nation, from ladies who reside in that city, to couvinco us that wicked, ness flourishes there. Yet with these things UDder their very eyes, they condemn the Mormons for making women honorable wives and mothers. O Consistency, thou art indeed a rare jewel! The last clause of one of the articles on Mormonism is, "If the administration shall combine with its efforts to shut out foreign a vigorous enforcement of the laws against polygamy will cripple, though it will not destroy, the power of a people from whom we have yet, if we do not mistake, much to dread." . Is What It the writer dreads? There must be some power in Mormonism, when a mere handful of "ignorant" people are a dread and a terror to the United States. To us it is terrible to hear them talk of taking measures to . We have seen wipe out the twin-relithe efforts made to destroy the Mormons in Nauvoo; jwe know the suffering, the hardship, the struggles with adversity, the cold, the hunger, the want. We have eeen our own loved ones die by the way, under the banner of American freedom, and it makes our New England blood boil when such things are alluded to, but withal, we know God rules and they can go 60 far and no farther. jself-sustainln- g, Furthermore, the writer says, "The men, if they become rich enough, will establish ten linos of Each rates: square, harems. The women, in order to hold land nonpareil space, one A to $3.00. literal discount $3.00; month, per time, and vote, will swear that they are married, and regular advertisers. in order to avoid the penalties of the law will Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council call themselves by their maiden names." Business hours House, South Temple Slice t. These are the silly women he refers to; now, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Sunday. it really seems to us, and we must acknowledge Address all business communications to we are acquainted with the factaj concerning Publisher Woxax'b Exponent, . Mormon women , that he lacks informat ion in ..;L...JBaltLake.Oity,XItalu- -....... regard to them and their affairs. There is no such place as a harem in Utah, SALT LAKE CITY, SEPT. 15, 1879. in Utah there are homes, such as they have in New England, and there are plenty of Yankee women you find them in every settlement "LEADING CAPTIVE SILLY WOMEN." and the elements of New England character abound in their children. Mormon women We find in the "Watchman" of Aug. 22, a are not ignorant, nor deluded, nor degraded, religious paper ably edited and conducted in they are intelligent; and If they do vote and the city of Boston, articles on Mormonism hold land in their own right, who is going to which contain some very ridiculous paragraphs. hinder it? Did anjbody else earn it? or have The writer, among other things, says, "Standany of Ihcse who feel so badly about it helped ing, one of a multitude of Mormon preachers in any way to subdue this desert land? If not, who have for more than a generation cone up let them hold their peace. If thesa "poor, and down the land 'leading captive silly wosilly women" know enough to vote, and hold men,1 has been murdered In Georgia, and the land, it is certain they have surpassed those popular verdict la he deserved it." who sit idly down and become a dead weight too sun "What if the pepar breath should damn in the community; it proves that they are not In bis meridian glory? dost thou think so very, very silly. Usually women who comHis beams would fall less brightly?" pose harems are idle creatures, who depend enWe cannot help thinking that it is very little tirely upon some man who feeds and clothes for a religious paper, edited by a Christian p them: now. can the editor of the Watch- minister professing to be a' follower of Jesus, man" find a community of women as thus to condemn a young man, a mere boy in and generally intelligent on ail subwas forsooth, years, because, popular opinion jects pertaining to practical life and its duties as Mormon women, taking the American and against him. We knew Elder Joseph Standing personally, foreign women "en masfe?" We are really and we can but blush for this Divine who thus sorry he is not better posted about Mormon in honof bemeans himself falsely speaking this women. est, virtuous, industrious youth. Even though There is proof here of the education the balerrohe believed him deluded and preaching lot affords; no person who will travel through neous doctrine, let his life, his morals and his Utah, with their eyes open, can fall to see how for are conduct speak blameless; him, and they intelligent women become who have bad the he was an innocent, inoffensive, modest young practical education the ballot gives. We venNo man. breath of wrong-doinwas ever ture to say there are more women here, accordHe has sealed his testiuttered against him. ing to the population, who have read the Constitution of the United States understanding mony with his blood, and how cruel to call up name his in connection with silly women. than in any other place. The organizations of He has a father, mother, brothers and sisters women holding regular meetings in every part and many dear friends who mourn his lots, and oftbis Territory, even iu the most remote disit is adding insult to injury to speak of him as tricts, has given to tho?e in all conditions, and this Christian minister has done. of all classes, opportunities of becoming acThe writer sayi; "The horrible system (Morquainted with the laws and government of the monism) had its origin here, but its growth is country, and also educated tbem in many not from American material. The poorer things which pertain to "Jife, liberty and the classes of England and Wales contribute to it pursuit of happiness," that manied women more largely than any other." We beg to among the laboring classes do not enjoy in so differ with him, knowing more than he does lare a degree in America, or England. of the proportion of American people here. We respectfully ask that Mormon women be After some more false reasoning on this suballowed to staDd upon their own merits, and he to on gees ject not what report says, and that they be permitsay, "Thus it happens that as it exists is chiefly a Mormonism,. ted to speak in their own defense. I ope cays: British product.. But almost all the nations of - ' The flying rumors gathered as they roll'd; Europe, and some in other parts of the world, Scarce anything was sooner heard than told, ,.' minister more or less to its rapidly growing And all who told it added something new, And all who beard it made enlargement too; power. But polygamy is unlawful. All these In every ear It spread, on every tongue it grew." foreign Mormors, though they have thought little about it, have assented to it." And mnch We are informed, through newspapers and mo:e in the same strain. Evidenty this wriother tources, there a great many women in ter believes not only in people being con the East who are slaves to the lusts of men; dtmned without a hearing, but in his estimawho are seduced and abandoned, who, tion they aio actually criminals because driven frantic, destroy their offspring with imthey accept fhe doctrine that teaches tbem "faith, punity. Would it not be well for Christian and repentance baptism." They are hot conmiafcleis to use their efforts and their elodemned for any wrong they have actually comquence in pulpit, and through the press, to mitted, but for their iutentions, and really beBuppms these ovils, to bring these wicked men fore they have any positive intentions. to judgment who "lead captive these tlily wo- This, self-sustaini- ng g men." to-d-ay Mor-mon- c, HOME AFFAIBS. -- to-da- y, j s, Sisters M. I. . Horne, Elizabeth Howard and E. S.Taylor, of tbis city, attended the Quarterly Conference ef Belief Societies, Y. L. M. I. and Primary Associations of Tooele Stake, held on Saturday and Sunday, Sept. 13 and 14, in Tooele City, Mrs. M. A. Hunier presiding. Further notice of the meetings vt ill appear in our next Lfcuo. the Belief Societies of Salt Lake Stake will be held in the The Quarterly Conference of 14th Ward Assembly Booms Friday and Saturday, the 26th and 27th of the present month. The Y. L. M. I. A. and P. A. will also hold their f!nnfAren nf fh anrrift nlano'on the sec ond day. Secretaries should prepare and forward their reports In good time. All interested tUeset orIn the labors of the 'slstew throu ganizations 8 re cordially invited, to tend. r in North' been cruelly beaten and Carolina. In this free uepUDiid, wnere religious liberty is the boast of the nation. lhe Omaha "Been.ayp," "If such outrages cin bo mal-tre&t- ed perpetrated with' impunity, because Mormonism is odious in the eyes of the people who believe its founders to be impoitors, f$QW long will it be before the same spirit of intolerance, and brutal hate" will manifest" itself against 