WOMAN'S EXPONENT. eral Government was instituted, to decide whether they would support their rank as i power in the national hands. In July, 182, the Legislature of this State in a series of nine concurrent resolutions, pointed out the defects of the Confederacy, or State Rights system, and proposed a general convention of the United Colonies for the pur. pose of amending the form of government. Thus, barely two years had elapsed bed fore tho actual necessities of the republic proved the. need of stronger power in the hands of the general government. The subject, however, passed, and not until 1786, upon a resolution of the House of Delegates of Virginia, appointing commissioners to meet with commissioners from such other States as might appoint them, did this very vital question press itself upon the people with sufficient force ; to ;;';::; ;Vv-";':l'-'v- Rhode Island, as she exhibit state-rig- ht state was the tendencies, was-4no--.fir- st last state to ratify" the constitution, which was to take from her all power to question the right of the United States to lay a duty upon imported goods. Bui at various times and for various pretences, since that memorable refusal of Rhode Island in 1778, to be bound by national authority, down to the present hour, has this conflict between state and national authority, , risen. Not alone in regard to any supposed election frauds or intimidation in South Carolina or Louisana In regard to the of black but voting men, up in Wyoming, a territory which nine years ago secured to women the right of votrug, Is there a conflict betweeh stdto and national power. I shall not g& back to the civil war. .which you so well know, but I can bo permitted to refer to some of its results,Vas It is a subject of discussion in congress. Senator-Blaine'recent speech struck the key-no- te of Republican policy mind "you, I say policy, not principle, as far as the black male citizen ii concerned; I must be allowed to review Mr; Blaine's speech. Mr. Blaine Is not only the Itepub-licaSenatorial mouth-piecas far as the south is concerned, but he isalso' consid. erea a presidential candidate for 1880 and as suchis supposed to. stand at "the foundation stones of the Republican very He declares the issue is notonoof'party. mere sentiment for the rights of the negro, but one of more portentous magnitude, and that is, whether the white voter of the North shall be equal-to- 1 iho white1 voter of the South in shaping the policy and fixing the doctrines of the country. There are two curious features to u women which rise in looking at this speech of Senator Blaine. First, we remember his going through the country In 1872, declaring that the 14th amendment secured the rights of all citizens to the ballot. He did not qualify his assertion either by the words "white" or "male." Ho simply said the rights of all citizens were thus secured . by this amendment I came to Washington that winter and with tho remembrancefollowing of this -- to-da- y, s -- n e, . . , distinct classps of United 3tatec yptersyand when.woman demands that liertjrightjtQ tle use of theUot .shall be 8cure4 yJJiqite States Uwi, she Xihas; four.iridhtin guided prece den ts,. and spar jftfj -- feaSfgqnj the United States; hasrexrcise4wI5j gh'fffll power, with itselr and. secure, thp ballotxpimen. While .theorejicaJly denyingJJ control pverj tho suffrage,, the, many ways besides those men'tipnedf practically acknowledges its possession; of this -- dode'imijpft' ycuuuar. way ivn no lUVlieu.me lO UlS IlOUSe to see Miss odgeHottierwiso 'knowrf as Gail Hamilton! ; &tter andplaiise: rest assured So, of 'course; ; UniStin you may J read Mr. Blame's. Hpeech of December 10th with an appreciative eye. ; ; :!y :orth. . -- - ; JIe.forgqtto,sa4ikt.4ne.-tJnited- Is inconsistent With; itself. ' " United States, voters. ; Here class of United States voters, isa second and a second mistake of Chief Justice Waite. Third, the naturalized foreigner secures his right to vote under United States law. and cannot vole" unless he first becomes a United States citizen, or announces his intention of so becoming. In Missouri, Nebraska, and some other States, the declara-tionsuch intention permits him to vote. This iaa State regulation, but the fact of his United States citizenship must in some form first exist. In theVnaturallzed man is a third class of United States voters; With one and the samo the same moment picks up hi? naturalization and his ballot It matters :not what papers tho state law may bo, tho foreigner secures his vote under United Stales law. And hero is a of haiaat t 1 States :.tt . s ; r Waite. y : Second, every Southern mahtflsfrauchisod because of having: taken part in the war, and who has since been granted amnesty, has again been made a voter United States law; all such - menthrough then become right. In Miss An thony 's case.i iShetl'Xit was not the New"Ybrk of State prosecuted by for voting. That great State took no action at all in the matterit'was the goneral government which thrust Itself Jot ward and took-u- p the question. If the United States has no control over the .suffrage; then MIsa Anthony's trial, was"a clear: interference of the United States with, the right , of., states. And so great was this nterfereAcpit.i Re. . Although, theoretically; the power over the suffrage is held to be In the' hahds of the States alone, yet practically, the United States has endowed whatever class it pleased with the suffrage. Chief Justice JVVaite in his decision In the Minor vs. Happersatt case, against woman's right to vote under the Fourteenth Amendment, declared the United States had no voters. But this as. sertion was false upon tho very face of It. First, every enfranchised male slave had uoiiub seuuruu mm unaer united States law, a law, which overrode: all state provisions against color. At time of ratification of the last amendments, the State of New York possessed a color property qualification of two hundred and fifty dollars. The moment these amendments were ratified, that law became dead on the statute book. The New York Legislature did not it. The United States repealed this repeal prop, erty prohibition, by creating a class of United States voters out of colored men. So hero is one class of United States and a clear mistake on the. part of voters, Judge l&m4fJW alization. j JIMSiMjilhpii.tinfndge Waiters dppisioii we already .had foarljvsses of United States voters; tho black: man, the amnestied man, the naturalized man,, and the foreigner who fought ,m:. J iunlon ariny . So you see we already rQssesaQur citizens by "a speech In "congress?" ; I need. flotJ say fo you Washington people what politicians, are y6uail;;know Jhow a: easily, they, dodo leading 'question;; and Mr. Blaine fcfcyery J..t ; ill hadnot previously now why areyou;n6i consistent? Why do you not uphpid the votingjright of women Now whileI'Mr Blaine1 was so "emphatically poihtingut'tbe intimidation of ihe black United States citizens of the South by State Rights men, he forgot to mention how the United Stales itself was at that moment and for years had been oppressing certain of its own white citizens of tho CiiJ possess the, right tOLyotey e.yenithftugh hey lmj In September, 1786, duly appointed commissioners from New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware and Virginia, two of them Southern and three of them slave states, met to discuss this now most important question. The delegates from these five states proposed a general convention of the states to meet in Philadelphia; which convention framed our National Constitution. .ipreinewho : ; i.,; 8tep.faetlalct bedreeryfia States, and inasmuch as ttiet brnen'ipf he United States ;were eithetf. torn hereof iave been naiuralized nereiey are Necessarily citizens oih' that; Very well ;:ijatyr Syracuse speech you declared the iith amendment secured tfieriglit1 new-forme- 'O third classjof Unf ted v States ypjeggnd v a third mistake, pf Qhfef t Jnstic WMe. tu ourtng.ino jjiUih. $r ?M tn upngressxiooic a 06iMmrpxinet My own State of New York was the first to acknowledge the necessity of stronger for action. .'J it speech recently delivered in my own city of Syracuse sough t an interview with Mr. Biafnfc.I Inasmuch! as: the 14th; arnendmnt0 declares all persons born or naturalized Idtho'JJaU ted States to be citizeh'sr, iJi lCJiiitea ! lieved a j utfge .wsesppciaily Bpppinted to iry ner case, wnpAeft, vyashinjgton.with his verdictin hisjocket afread'yiW5itteri.i Let none of my audience forget this it ialor In the future It will be looked upon as piie of the great State Trials of the world,; for as we have shown, if state? tave tHeercon-tro- l of the suffrage, in the.rlght.of:t;State her tHall;ariil(U fruited m&snm . terlnfeTence tes use o thd; taljot; ;thea ih'b ; t7niled1$taf & Then let usiookath'e IterritoWF WvWl mlng. Much has of late been Saici itx regard to womannot making, uscLjjtJhe ballot there. I am not careful to answer that statement: HI .care;little abduOtVone way or the other, as long asher right to vote is iatiU notlnterfereckwith. be Unio tdre-quir- a all womoa to ypta wheA we.hat such law for men; until: then iei aChxotQcier lrainilroin vhting aOiajprihex owiiioplion: it is notithe vital question; xBatthere is a point reonhectedr:wfthiwQnila,- Wyoming that is consideration. That is, thointerfejrencojiiiQ' XJnitedBtales wih;the CQncomitit4 oli mis right ForjiJi& j: sit and toh 'mJimimi theuntrjrlthatltllifiyiga murdereffedx uon-juries- overi ihQi thajcountry thiba m Into the.baniis.bfi tbQspL'womQtt jaroa-- r firstonvictiouifor a rnurderiathat Terri- tory;, not;f committed:; in from a Woman jary. c ; seU-de'fen- so Izzni Vcame Hut ;ot Hto we ihayei ceaiid bearinf om6nj jurors, t Andl i why 2 JBecausewo-K-li!1- 1 interfered a? . 1 Tho ;Marshai:6C-the.TerritQry- $n , officer appointed: by. i thel Waited, states govern-me- n t, has .absolutely refused ito place the names of women On the quentiy the Women of Wyoming are denied the exercise of this right by United States power, -- Jury-Hstsg-onsI - 