HYGIENIC NOTES. cruel thorns, petty jealonsies. and sharp thrusts of stinging sarcasms. Who does not know that every pulsation of life, every has thought which generates in the ; mind, Of this nn effect upon the heart In proof known is the fact that Joy or sorrow has been - .; to kill Instantly. How gladly we recall the pleasant places that stand out separate and apart from" everything else connected with our lives, to which wo turn withinward satisfaction, passing by and. IjgnorVg more commonplace joys. It Is the same with sorrows, they perfect and ennoble the soul. Happy are they who can bear all things, endure all, hope all and remain firm and steadfast unto the end, There are many sharp rocks that bruise us, while we search for precious gems and treasures, and we often grow faint and weary with the difficulties that ever attena those who are striving, to overcome in spite of all obstaclesbut armed with a lofty purpose and strengthened from within by deep and pure aspirations, and clothed upon with the sweet mantle of charity, we should humbly pursue our onward course, and whether we are surrounded by those who love us, or left to bear'4ife'a burdens alone, prove to ourselves, our God and His cause that we are earnestly searching for truth and light, and let us not, even after long years pf unrewarded toll, cease our endeav- add one teacupful of togothcr five minutes. ' "white Croup.-r-On- JblXV f. East Temple Street cTe. dye of 8alt Kib-bo- ns work guaranteed. Z. O. IsL. X. Wholesale and Retail Dealinr in all kinds of BEST! ,v DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, HEA VY AND SHELF HARDWARE, W -- CO CO RE GLASS' AND Q UEENSWA M CO- - AGRICULTURAL lMPLEMNETS W W &c. AT TEASDilL'b UHK d CITY. SALT Bpecial departments for Gent's ClothiDg aud CarpetH, Ladies and Children' Shoes, Dry Goods, Shawls and Domestics, Stoves. and Groceries, 'Hardware rj H w o hj - DRIED FRUITS of all CLASES WANTED. CO H O H K O o H is GC FRENCH - For Sale b .' ' j Wholesale and Grocers. 1' tali He-(a- ll CO HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEW FICTi SWISS ilffi Machine Is elegant m appearance and admirable m opera-tlan, runs very aliy and w tbont ny nolle. a- dItsconfuself sion, although he rate of eped is very hlg-hhuttle, and absence of springs setting and elf threading and coys renders It both simple and durable. Be sure to see It, for Its general advantages will make you Its friend. Victor. Sewing Machino Co., Chicago, III. - -- O. II: BIGU9 agent, alt Lake VUj. - 7 55 East Tkmplk iStreet, 8axt Lake City. . Fiv tiundrod pieces of Dn Goodis, Embroklfcrles, Buch-ing- St FiveHundred pain Kid G love, Trimmings. Ladles Ties, Cu : and Collars LOO Cartoons of Bibbons. Largest Wholesale Millinery Stock In the West. Notions, TBoota ana Shoes, Gents' and Beys CloUilcg and fgrnisblni' Goods, tc,t. street special ntudy has been riven to Obstetrtai, diseases of Women, and , ;- DISEASES of tho EYE i ' ' -.. ND EAR ' I ; is:.' I DiijrwqpDEnr. F.UB N I T U Fl E V 1TBOIJESALS A3TD KVLkIL DlAfJCarK SPKINQ BEDS, WIRE MATTRESSES. F. ADERBACH & BROTHER, College OFFIOB Up stlart, In Old Constitution .Bulla'ngi Residence six blocks east of Post OfSce, south side of r NEV FALV STOCK. " B. PRATT, rs7azczAZJ atjs c una con, ; the Netr - STORE. Ron&nm not yuu shoutd do so at nee, aTd examine IV Idea The leir Machine Oonsi ruction In e win -- mm Ladies are requested to call 'and eiamirie the most complete assortment of Curia, BrakU, 8 witches, Etc. at Keduced Prices. All kinds of Hair Work made up In the meet Artistic style, "ash paid for Human Hair and Com bin rs. JOSEPHINE GREGORY, VI Kim ball Block. 8alt Lake City. H r programme' ought to do pot a littlo to herp On this dedrable consumma-- r Iiondon Dally News." tlon, r.iRSi 17 Lake and those visiting CoDesires the ladies nference to call at her show rooms and see her new stock of MILL INERT The latest and most stylish mode of. Ilats and Bonnets In Straw, Felt and Velvet Also a nice election In Flower. Feathers, Flushes, Velvet and In the latent shades and striprs Country dealers, please call Ladies' Hair work In alt its branches Gco4 CO : 4 Palace of Fashion, No, , established between the; numbers of the two sexes receiving - higher education, 'And wo may add that, J t will be a very cood ' thine: whon : the stage has been reached It has almost been reached now when a: woman- can receive the. highest culture, and exhibit its results without being considered a heroine or a prodigy on the one hand; and a monster or a victim on Y:l the other.; The success of: the University f mado to order, by P. E, UAUFEtt, First touth Street, nearly opposite Theatre. Mrs. ZINA D. YOUNG, af ent for this Territory. Physicians and Ladles, call and examine. - I ! Corsets, Shoulder Braces. Skirt Supporter, HEALTH Braces, and Abdominal tSupporiers,for tale or BiU-Flno- under cover of its ghostly guarantees. The argument of the opponents of the University College scheme amounts to a confession that the manners ;of i the, nineteenth century havonot materially improved upon those of tho eleventh. There can be little doubt that by degrees some-thin- g fair proportion (allowing lor llko -- TO THE LADIES . . mill women. YouDg ladies Ingle New and Doubio SDa-vs- , Ldl.s Cn--lnl.c New Ores. Style aDd Id ies flannIs, Stripe t N w ijlcs in Lmeya. Fine white Check Wattirpr.. Grey Yar- 2 n 3 vis lor Lad es ani naby nd Wbi eDl4.keisVPiain whle, Ki and Pannel , Wool Twille lied, Whi- t- a d G ey Brut-bee, and other Homo 8 ell's op. Brooms, Trunks ClorK, MINNIR IlOHNr, MadeOoodJ. 0.d Cons tuition Bu ldlng, salt Lake City. - 7"; Special attention given to Obstetrics, and diseases of of 1879 HOMF-MADEforthf- womecLto the full course at University College London, begins next week, and it Is satisfactory to leaf ri that the success ol the scheme hitbeito has' been complete. After ten years of a kin d of ex penmen t or compromise, in which instruction was given to women by the Professors of the College, but out of its regular course, the full curriculum was last year opened in the regular way to both sexes. The result was thoroughly satisfactory More than two hundred women students entered, and no difficulties of any kind have been experienced. It is, indeed, not easy to imagine a worse compliment to our society and itn manners than the supposition that any difficulties were likely to occur. Ingenious - defenders ot monaaticism have pleaded in its favor that during a certain period of the world's history women, who from this circumstance and that had no powerful male protectors, were actually not safe anywhere sa W within a convenes walls, and nltninr1 Chur. h. J3, al Aunt Em. 1 FJJTX&TLCJLAJN AND SURGEON, Has opened her Medical Clasi atherrfsidencein the 13tb Ward i two blocks and a half east et the Post Office south fide of the street, nearly opposite the Presbyter! were Of i mRS. ELLIS R. SHIPP, e - J3J te.ro Address, David James, Box 306, Salt Lake City, discussing the familiar line. "An honest man's the noblest work of God," when a little son of the host spoke up and said: "It's not true. My mother's better' n any mac that was ever made." The second Session since the admission JIIIaki Pamp Repaired on abort notice. acrOrders from the country promptly responped S. Jacobs. dinner-tabl- e ' RUSSEY'S CELEBRATED LIFT ASQ FORCE PUBpS. It soon relieves theungs. The gentlemen at a ' ' - sugar, and simmer it WHITEST ! STRONGEST i & Sten Pitter Tinner, Gas, Water AOKHT FOB teaspoonful of very finely pulverize4 alum, two spoonfuls honey ell beaten together. If the case is a severe one, give a little every five minutes; until the; child is relieved. Put the hands and feet in "warm water at the same time, covering the hands and feet vrith warm flannel immediately "when taken out of the water. " S. S. Richards. For . ors to promote good works. f - (Successor to Mitchell & Jawes,) 6od remedy for a cough, also healing to tho lungs 4md safe as-- a medicine for all complaints-of-thi- s nature is Four lemons cut fine and boiled thfee hours, well covered "with yater, closely covered virile boiling; then strain off tho liquid, A , Pe a tlx ers Wal 1 Pape r I B A B F. O A B A Q E 8. 75f 77 & 79 First South St., EaltLakfc.GitJ - R 