WOMAN'S EXPONENT. fui to me, even unto death, and I bless you all for your fidelity. The dream of earthly life is over for me j you all have voluntarily shared my exile, God will reward you. When I am gone you will return home, and your last days will be your best days; remember me. Montholon, a few more words: when death closes my eyes slide your hand under my pillow; there you will find a diamond necklace! it has quite a history and is of immense value. Keep it safely in your own possession until you return to France; then seek out Hortense, of Holland, and deliver it the yourself into her own hands. Tell her that, like Jacob,! took those stones for my pillow, and they were to me a Talisman, given by love and holiest feelings of human nature. Even fhese stones will rise up and spek to her of me. Montholon, I have no more to say. Give mo both your hands, and God Ex-Quee- n -- be with you." Acrostic. . Now Ihe hero bows his head, And now he joins the mighty Dead? Permit, 0 God, his soul to flee On mercies wings to test and theo. Let no base slander c'oud bis fame, Evict each Etiffma from lis name; On Thee for justice we rely, Nor fear thou wilt the booa deny. e. its umbrella top. From these great flocks of curious birds and reptiles send out their hideous screams and take the rifle from the Still the vegetation sleeping alligators. changes, and the magnolia and centaury plants claim their different beds in the garden of flowers. Night comes on; another "hop," and We return from whence we came, and along the banks count the withering prey of yesterday Now we leave the boat, and an hour's ride on a rickety train brings us to still more rickety St. Augustine. And here, the oldest cradle of the Union, in Which the conquering Spaniard, Juan Ponce de Leon, in his search for the fountain of youth, laid his lovely head, before the Pilgrim Fathers peopled Plymouth Point, is what I hope will interest you most. Hereis wheie theconsumptiveNortherner, LETTER Florida and where the" lof iyplnef was ":y si erday now the spreading cypress shades Its poisonous limbs Glistening rifles shine upon tne steamer's deck, ugly alligators sleep along the shore, and as the sun grows warm the sport beglnsj and excitement rages as the bullets fly, and only ceases when the river gently draws its banks beyond the rifles' range, and unconscious fades Into a little, lai-Now vegetation takes a different form, and the palmetto, rearing on its white and polished trunk, shades the water with House, St. Augustine, March 8, 1879. Bear Aunt Em: I had resolved to defer this letter until arriving at Jacksonville, the end of my trip down the St. Johns river, but here at St. Augustine my interest. at its zenith, and fearing that it may fall during the latter part of my trip, I shall begin with the Incidents and scenery In which I have been rapt intervening between Jacksonville and St. Augustine. "Wo embarked on the steamer "Pastime" for a three days' trip up the St. John's River. It merits more the name of an arm of the sea than that of a river, as it is effected by the tide at its very source. Its flow is almost imperceptito ble, and in width it varies from f three or four miles. We left Jacksonville in the beautiful afternoon of last Wednesday. Nothing of note occurred on that afternoon sail, but wo enjoyed immensely the grandeur of the scenery through which the river gently bends its winding way. On each bank the lofty pines, with a network of shrubbery clinging at their feet, afford an almost impenetrable barrier to the unknown interior, and increase two-foltheir mass in the reflection they cast upon the glassy surface of the water. Here and there along the sides the "cracker's" ax has paved the foundation of his little hom, and d his orange grove, with its yellow fruit, gives a cheerful change to the would-b- e sameness of the vegetation! In one of the river bends we pass the "mode3t mansion" of Mrs. H. B. Stowe a little house, almost hidden in its adjacent orange grove. We travel till dark, but the moon arising as the sun goes down scarcely makes distinction of the night and one-hal- d well-planne- day. In the evening we land at some remote hotel, whose patronage and style Fifth Avenue might covet. Here the Ouban plays his festive harp, the traveling traps are cast aside, and dress sujts donned, and faces mingle in the "hop." Night passed and breakfast over, the pleasure-seeker- s crowd the boat again.' "A comes over" tho shape of things change sun-brown- ed who but a week ago muffled In his ulster and arctics at home, now lounges in his duster and slippers. Hero is where the now free negro finds a home In the mouldering prison walls of what was once a Spanish Fort. In St. Augustine a few hotels and winter residences are tho only signs that mark the changes of centuries. 'Tis verging on to three hundred years since the foundation of the old Fort was laid. I and as I saw it I will devisited it scribe it. The material of which it is built seems to be hewn out of fish shells which are formed into s6lid3 by the tide alongthe shore. A battery of thin substance faces the sea on three sides forming tho outer wall. This wall surrounds a second wall built in a circorners all around. cle, with little star-likThese two walls form a protection to tho inner fort. Between the inner wall and the sides of thefort is a trench about feet deep and thirty feet wide, twenty-fiv- e which seems to have been filled with water. The sides of the fort tower above the outer walls thirty or forty feet, and the whole mass "presents the appearance of a crumbling ruin. To enter the. fort the trench mentioned is crossed by a bridge; on the entrance is the Spanish "coat of arms,"almost faded away by time,and under it is inscribed, almost too dim to read,"Ferdinando Sexto," which marts the structure's age. The is a complete catacomb of dungeons. Each dungeon seems to be carved into tho shelly substance, and connects with its adjacent hole by a door, on whoso massive hinges and Iron bolts cling the rotten remto-da- y, e In-teri- or nants of decaying wood. Here and there, sticking out from the solid floor, Qr wall, a n shows its terrible mouth,' and the oval surface of what seems to have been a cannon ball forms a stumbling block in the floor. No ray of light can penetrate these dungeons, and tho disclosure of 1835 tells what they once held. The wall of one fell in, and tumbled down with it some Iron cages in which were found human bones. Other secrets of their history are known.ahd which I am promised to be Informed of before leaving. After leaving the dungeons we ascend the Wall9 on what were once steps, but now smooth stone, worn by constant passage, and thence on to the lookout, rupty-canno- 221 which command a view of the whole townr and shows up streets that one can jump prnea nnrl hnneoa .hull ft sr fln t n fiJMhf)thor that now the crumbling ruins join togetner. All are made of these shells carved out in the shape and size of our adobies, ana ealjed nrirtiilrio Tho n? rvl n fnnrn onvoro nnV ATI area of about half a mile, and has covered the same area for thro hundred years, and possibly will never change till it gradually vanishes by the wear of time. Such is St. Augusiine' ana a trip up ino bt. jonn s Vi - river. I could write nothing more that would interest to you except possibly, a trip be of through the Southern States, or a description of quaint old Charleston, but having enjoyed my St. John's trip and view of St. Augustine, I could not forbear describing it widely differ as to make it unpleasing to you. I am yours very truly, Joe. For tbo Exposed P1PSEY PAPERS. No. 10. Mrs. Blake's remarks regarding tho celebration of "Forefathers' Day'.' aro highly, interesting. We had so long heard the cry about the "women of Utah" and their cruel and barbarous treatment, that we ought to have supposed women In other parta of this "Glorious .Republic" were petted and honored past anything we were capable of understanding, or appreciating. As I read and observe such matters I am led to that in contrasting their position with our own, the balance shows in our favor. Tho idea of a dinner or celebration of any be-lie- ve kind being carried out without the assistance of tho ladies would seem to us very absurd, as it has not yet come within the range 01 our experience. yv wuy reauuy suppose that the men of Utah are very fond of the ladies. They prove it in private life by their extensive relationship and their willingness to protect and support so many wives; In public no enjoyment is considered Even in complete without their presence, of national the the celebration birthday tho ladies hold a conspicuous part. In commemorating the first settlement.of the valleys it is not forgotten that the women of Utah shared the hardship of tho brethren; not only with the pioneers, but in the wearisome march of the Mormon battalion were tho ladies In the foremost ranks. They have so long held prominent positions in all matters, both religious and political, that it is no doubt quite time Uncle Sam Interfered to keep them from taking the leading strings into their own hands. Iter ideas regarding tho purity of her brethren seem somewhat clouded. We hear many insinuations and accusations made of a like nature, which leads us to suppose that the ladies of the East have not unbounded faith in the chastity of their husbands, or of mankind in general. per. haps experience and observation servo to strengthen their ideas. It is different with us, we have the fullest confidence in the fidelity of our "liege lords," and of all our brethren; our knowledge of their lives both in public and private strengthen our opin- ions. Provo. ' Mary. A western editor, In response to subscribers who grumble, that the paper is intolerably damp, says it is "because there is so much duo on it." 