BY HESTEH A. BENEDICT. . Onljr jOrom&n, ihrlvelsd and old The of the wlndi and the prey of the coldi pyCheek! that aro ihrunken, Sjet that are funken, n ; ; '. ,V Sllka rustle past her tLe perfect development of man and womanhood there should be differehcesjof training, different modes of imparting and supplying the desirable knoweldge; for with Paul, we are satisfied that the man is not without the woman in the Lord; or, in other words, man and woman complement each other's being, neither is perfect in the fullest sense of that word, without the other. We aro no enemies to the education of woman. Wo hold that she is entitled to ioul! ; Thicker and faster; The 'treat bell oeaseth its toll. , Fain would she enter but not for the poor Swinffeth wide open the bronze church-doo- r. Only a woman, waiting; alone Icily cold, on an ' throne. What do they care for her : MumbliQf a prayer for her; Glvlngr not bread but a stone? Under old lacts their haughty hearts beat Mocking the woes of their kin in tbo street. Only a woman! In the old days ) Hope caroled to hflr her happiest Jan; missed her; v ' 1; V. Somebody kissed her; with Y' Somebody crowned her praise; Somebody faced up the battles of life, j Strong for her sake, who was mother and wife. Somebody Urea with a tress tt her hair Light on his heart, Where, the death sbadowflvare; ; . Somebody waits for her y Opening the gates for her, ice-col- d ; : , " ; ' de Giig daMgU-to- ''.'Aomstramfna' snow churchrdoor. at the bronie Bead in the clnly ; ' ? - ; i Selected1 all the mental culture, and all the freedom in attaining the same,necessary to tbo fullest development of her nature, and that the aim of her education should manifestly be the perfect development, not of manhood, but of womanhood, by the methods and discipline most-- , conducive to. this ,end. We presume that no person will deny that the two sexes are formed for different functions, and that the influence of these functions pervades and effects their entire lives. This much being granted It appears to us that we ought to recognize sex In edu- - plain and to provide that - the method and cation, aim of mental culture ift woman should have regard to the specialties of her physical and mental nature. No woman can rise high in spiritual development unless "she V take a holy care5 of the temple of her body.,,f L iNorVisJhis alleV consider that the system of education applied to the training of our daughters should have regard to the ' peculiarities of their conditions to the - special duties of life for which they are des tined, and to tho range and kind of special ' activity, mental arid bodily to which they are by their sex and organization of body and spirit. Whatever aspirations of an intellectual kind women may have, the majority cannot ba relieved frem their fore ordained work as the mothers and nurses of the children of men, and inasmuch as by far the greater portion of wo- mankind will continue to assume the1 holy state of wedlock, Uhe education of girls certanly ought not: to be such as would In .any way clash with their organization, in-,- -; jure their health or unfltthem for the duties i i of this state of life.: It has been: fwelbJ said o "Nor is it a suffIcIentrepiy.to,thij argument to allege,as Is sometimes done, that there are v .many women who have not the opportunity of getting marrledjpr who do 'not aspire to bear children; Tor whether they car to be mothers or not, they: cannot dispense with those physiological functions of their nature that have referancoi to that aim,r however much they, may wish U,. and they .cannot disregard them. In the labor: of life .without ,4 Injuryj to their health. r They.annot rebel successfuily-..agains- t .the tyranny of their the cbinpleto development organization; and, function thereof must take place after v Alsdlfflt would bo an ill1 ihtnevlts ' , If It should so happen that wo, got tho, 'ad- vttuiogoo ui aiiuauMijr yi iemaie lnieJiectuai work &t tho price of a puny; enfeebled race.".. ""',vv';ij ' We cannot for a moment encourage' the absurdity that It'may bo that in tho distant future, a race of sexless beings will bo evol-and unanhoyed by ved, who, undisturted the ignoble ' roubles ot maturlty, 'shall carry on the intellectual work of the world. On the other hand wo cheerfully admit that thero havrj been CKrny striking Instances of . , w WT- f m " w m 1 w wrr w " i ": - IFor tho ExTOKESt. itriii u'lii t iitif iit ,. . m w m m Hni' t ' m ttt ' t - Many of those who! argue most strenously for the: of! the: sexes on the; same lines by the same method and ,with precisely ;tho , same ends in v lew, assume the position that there is, no sex in mind, and attribute to the influence of a diverse education; the mental difference of sex; which' manifest theinsolves so distinctly' about the time .when tho girl blossoms into womanhood and tho boy disappears In . tho man. To our thought this idea is 'scarcely less absurd than it would be to attribute to education the bodily differences that then d eclair o themselves,or to endeavor by means of the same kind of physical training and co-educat- , : by the Adoption of the same pursuits to to the male body Both the female ' labors v would be fruitless, k The difference of sex Is something, more than; an affair of clothes, it is more, enduring than this per- tet ishabie .tabernacle. It Vis';, aii eternal, principle,, that .was" with us before we aesumedthe poor babiliments ofjmmor- tality and will still continue witft us in' the ,' ef ernitles. glories of ,ttie. V nevfr-pndlnWhen1 the great Father ofau. created us, we were formed firstly, spiritiiaf, ' afteir that as-sim- ulate -- , pre-exis- g, mortal. 'In the"' image4 of od created Ho man; mate and female cieatbd Ho,' them, firtt as VpIrita In the j heavens', next on the earth with: tabeinaeles pfflesh to clothe these immortal spirits; 'and thus of sex in our bodies Is the existence Of tho same principle in the Intelligent power that: dwells within and that gives to them, life, , feeling,: consciousness and power of will; The' body ti not the greater but tho soul; tho spirit fashions the Ibody not the body tho well might it , "be claimed Hha mind; our' persons are the clothes which co6t ' greater, than our bodies and tho causes of tho'mehtai and bodily differences that exist betweonman and woman.- Furthermore this principle hsa txisd frcFm all the-cause- - ''.s - i evidence in support of tho right of woman to the best mental culture, but dt is entirely another matter when these examples are adduced to support the assertion that there Is no sex In mind and that the course of ed ucation should bo Identical for both sexes. It is not enough to point to exceptional cases of women who have undergone such a training,without bodily Injury, and have proven their high capabilities; without doubt there are thousands who can andr .will so distinguish; themselves. The question Is, is it the highest manifestation of "wisdom to encourage such a training, will it result in the best good to those who pass through It, and in the greatest happiness to the human family. It; should bo the aim of a true education to raise every woman to the ideal of a complete and perfect womanhood, it certainly cannot bo a true education which would operate In any way to unsex her, for as we, have already lies deeper shewn, sex IsV fundimental, ' than culture and cannot be ignored of defied with impunity." "You may hide nature but you cannot distinguish It.1' f f!A.U true-- education should commence : Llpt that were nerer 6'arbold. Only a woman forsaken and poor, Aikinf for alms at the bronze church-doo- r. TTark to the erg aa! Boll upon roll The w&refl of the tauelc g o oyer her women with extraordinary, mental powers, numbers of whom havemanlfested a ers sublime graces of true womanhood, eternity and will eternally abide, that the generations of tho Holy Ones In the heavens of ' may continue and that the coming forth eons cease. men on not of . the the earth may ' The temporal is after the pattern of the eternal and the perfect on earth Is prepared : for the celestial beyond.' It is because of this fundimental appearence, reaching back beyond the present life that we claim for ONLY A WOMAN. fore-ordain- ed : -- kJn' ; 1 with the life of the child. A parent may not wish to enter into the " why and wherc- " foretf! of eyery request made or instruction given; but that portion of education which on earth and eternal Joy hereafter', cannot be commenced too soon. During the est years of a woman's life causes: are operar ting to brihgVher toerfectevelopment, and should be .so recognized. ' The damage ' done to her health is often ' done ; in very early life. In this regard tyo agree with a learned physician who writes: "The normal evolutions'of nature, either physically or physiologically are never paroxysmaL If the forces which -- direct development find expression In paroxysm it constitutes disease, not health. It is almost impossible to conceive of a woman who is developed from a child in one year. Yet this sudden transformation Is regarded as a ' fact in the genesis of woman. The sex structively and functionally, from infancy to pubity, is in a state of slow .' " and progressive evolution. . .. is not the law But the law of of the child. The woman must follow thoso laws of health 'Which keeps her healthy, the child .must be ' tau&hk to obey those which will ensure health riff tho woman' , and not these laws alone, but every-- onO, In its time and season, which will enable her . .X I tu eiauuJ oiuo L. vy oiuu wuu wao, m ai9 xieip-mateither in tho changing scenesqf -- mortal lifo or In the" unfading, years" ot 1 . the-woma- -- A ; Z -- .X 1 n' M A mM 9 e, ;. eternity, , ic .: : ' , - . . ; iBeujfobd. Vj ttit can hardly boi demoted that; if tho nursing of babies Was Tgiven Govern to man ' - ? for a generatipn or two they Would abandon the tasic in despair or In disgust,: antt fon-- ; elude it to bd ndl worth whilo kind should continue on tho, earth. l , : - ! . t : A reduction of .wages in the cotton mills of England andi Scotland is 0makiBgVmuch labor-troubl- e. A u conferanco v. of miners - representing 20, 000 of their ;class has been held in Manchester recently."' A resolution was unanimously passed In favor of ihignu tiori to tho United State. , , : r- iiir 