WO MAN'S E XPON E NT. 246 "Whether the Marshal has been ordered to omit tho names of women, as Judge Hunt was ordered to convict in Miss-- : Anthony's case, we do not know and it does not signify. The duty of tho United States is none the less clear; the territories are in an especial way the waids of the nation, and should be protected in all territorial rights. The Territory of Wyoming having secured to women the exercise : of their right of voting, it remains the duty of the general -- government to protect them in the exercise of concomitant' rights, of which the jury is i: " one."- - ! - ' This deprivation of woman's Jury rights in Wyoming is not only an United States interference with her political rights, but also an interference with her industrial rights. tact that some women It' is a earned their first independent dollar by sit ting in the jury box. And whatever interferes with woman's industrial rights helps to force" her down, down, down, to those depths where want of. bread ' has forced so many women into the gutters of shamo. This is a question of morals as well as a question of industrial and political rights. Every adverse touch upon a person's political rights touches a hundred other rights adversely. To be continued. .well-know- n buoyant in spirit. Nothing is so weiring "as the unceasing tending of a fretful baby. Every means should be employed to aid the child in taking care of itself and giving as little trouble as possible. It may learn in babyhood to amuse itself with toys or by watching movements l going on around it. Fashion as well as good sense requires infants' dresses to.be made with long sleeves, and high in the? neck. Fashion requirey children of all ages Flannel should encase the to be warmly clad. whole body, with the exception of the head and hands. The fruitful cause of colic in infants ii the nakedness of their necks and arms. .. Regularity iq feeding is as important as either of the other requisites. Babies cry as often from being fed too frequently as from hunger. Let the mother obey the dictates of common sense in this matter and not force food into a baby's stomach for every little complaint it makes. Children of three or four years old need much more sleep than they usually have. For irritable and nervous children sleep it is a specific, and it can be secured to them, only by the force of habit. Many light forms of disease may be cured by keeping a child in a uniform temperature and in Let the young mothers who read this quiet. article experiment upon these few suggestions, and we are sure they , will have many an hour in the nursery for reading and thought Ex. Neither OBITUARY. Died on the 5th of April 1879 Mrs. Amanda Susanna Chamberlain, wife of John A. Cbam-b- e rial n. Deceased was the daughter of VVm.and M. A. E. "Watmougb, the latter a lady well known In this community; was born in Wi-gaLancashire, May 18, 1844, and, her mother being a Latter day Saint, was baptized and confirmed when eight years old, by Bishop Cairns. She moved with her parents to Boston In 1856; remained there for six years, and graduated with honors from the Welles School. In the June of 1SC2 she came to Utah and was married on the 29th of December, 180 i. They resided in Cedar Fort, Utah County, ten years and then moved to a remote district about ten miles from Deseret, on the Sevier. She was a faithful Saint, a true wife and mother, and leaves a husband and three little children to mourn her loss. days nor lives can be made holy by doing nothing in them. The best prayer at the beginning of a day is, that we may not lose its moments; and tho best grace before meat is, the consciousness that we have justly earned our dinner. Raskin. n, MRS. ELLIS R. SHIPP, - Office and Residence Wth Ward. Special attention given to Obstetrics, and diseases of women. NEW SPRING GOODS ARRIVING DAILY, II THE LATIfiT HOVELTIES Ladles' Bows in Silk and Lace. Ties a large variety. Collars, Cuffs and Ribbons, an excellent variety. New Style. Dress Good. And in fact everything you want in general merchandise. Conference visitors, call at HINTS FOR YOUNG MOTHERS. The three requisites for babies are plenty of sleep, plenty of food, plenty of flannel. The saying that man is a bundle of habits is as true of babies as it is of grown children. If the infant is accustomed from its birth to sleep from six o'clock at night till daylight, the habit of early sleep will be formed, and the mother may have all the evenings to herself. If the baby sleeps all night, a long morning after nap will naturally come about dinner-timwhich the child, except when very young, should be kept awake until six o'clock. Preseverance i in this routine will soon result in securing quiet evenings for both the child and the parent. Some mothers have a long season every morngetting the baby asleep. ing and every night-iand them rock sing to them till Morpheus They enfolds them. With most children this is entirely unnecessary. An infant can bo accustomed, by a few days' training, to go to sleep itself for a morning nap as well as for a longer rest at night A mother has duties to herself as well as to her offspring. While she should exercise a constant' care in securing its utmost physical comfort she Bhould Bccure rest and recreation for herself. In no other way can sho keep fresh in feeling and JVb. 17 East Temple Street.- r.lRSi cTE- - DYE Desires tbe ladies of Salt Lake and thoae vlsltlmr CoiS seo her new stoci of MILLINERY. The latest and most stylish modes of Hats and Bonnets In Straw Felt and Velvet. Also a nice pelectlon In Flowers, Featherst Plushes. Vejret and ltib-bo- feronee to call at her show rooms and ns la the latest shades and stripes Country dealers, please call. Ladles' Hair work In all Its branches. Good work ruaranteed. Z. Wholesale and Retail Dealing in all kinds of ,. DRY NOTIOm, GROCERIES GOODS, shelf hardware 1IEA VY And GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL 1MPLEMNETS, te. . (Bueeeswr to Mitchell & Jawes,) Tinner, Gas, Water & AOKST FOR Steam Fitter RUMSETS CELEBRATED LIFT AND FORCE PUHP1 Bee-Ord- ers Pumps Repaired on short notice. from the country promptly responped to.-s- o Addreis. David James, Box 306, Salt Lake City. NEW SPRING STOCK. F. AUERBACH & BROTHER, 55 East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. Kuchl FlTdhundrMplerfTji Goods, d EOS Trimmings? Gtorcs, ISP I1" Ladies' 100 Cartoons of RIbbonjk and Collars, Ties, Cuff Uu?L Largest Wholesale Millinery Stock In the Gtoto?enteVd'Ctot AndFurSffi MULBERRY TREES. at the Forest Farm, from Three cents eac FR SAL'S upwards. Please forward all orders to - , MRS. ZINA D. YOUNG, Salt Lake Qny. Orders by mail or otherwise are promptly attended to. Home Industrial Straw Manufactory. Wiping to accomodate her the Ladies of Salt Lake City and Vicinity, haspatrons, EemOFod her Show and Saleroom to MAIN STREET, No, 4 9 Two doors south of Jennings' Corner, and nvites the friends of Home Industry, and the respectfully Public gen- erally, k call and examine her stock of Bats made from the latest Parisian style and shape. Ladies will also .find a variety of Imported Hats and Bonnets, with every, is thing- pertaining to a Millinery EstabJishment-a- t moderate prices. Panama, igiiorii and Straw Hats, Cleaned, Dyed nrst-cla- FRENCH HAIR STORE. rJOTICE TO ALL! SHWABTZ IP- - Has removed, with his entire New Stock of FANCY & STAPLE DRY GOODS, Opposite the Salt Lake House, and will sell as Cheap or Cheaper than ever. SOMETHING NEW Bc?p,r (Zinc) Sno.0" - - " - Salt Lake City. JOSKPHTNB GREGORY, vi Kimball Block. ROmMIIil B. PRMT, rmrsxcxAx? aixd nun an on, OFFICE-BlX stiars, In Old Constitution Bulldn, blockteait ot Poet Office, south side of itcu to uiieincs, nOMB-MAD- E. 3 Bars for 20 Cents. - 35 Cents each Cents each 3-- 5 FUIX STOCK OF TAItXS, JEANS, ALSO Cassimores $LOO to $1.25 porYard. A .UiD stre"et8ldenC Snell's Soap, warranted First Class, 3 Bars for 25 Centa. Srar u!! Ladles are requested to can and examine the moat raWs Switches, Etc. atKeduwfpricS6 Work mtAe UP m th meet of,llr for Human Hair and Combines. Artistic paid Up RESIEMBER e, . Palace of Fashion, THLXJ3xrB:e. Hate. JOHN C. CUTLER, Agent, Old Constitution Building. SSbXsbb of the eye and eas" .a:. iDiisrw"ooz)Eir. WHOTJCSALK BXX1TL DXAJJER rjr FURNITURE SPRING BEDS, "WIRE MATTRESSES. Feathers "Wall AND Paper BAST CARRIAGES. 75, 77 679 First South St., Salt Lake ICity - 