THE WOMN'S EXPONENT. E3tttJEXI!fE B. WELLS, Pibllsliod semi-monthl- - - - - Editor. In Sajt Lake City,- Utah-Tennsf 2.00; one copy eix months, - y, r7 One copy one jekr Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $3.00; per month, 13.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Room No. 1, up staire, Old Constitution Building, East Temple Sticct. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. eTery day except Sunday. Address all basincss communications to Publisher Woxah's Exponhkt, Salt Lake City, UUh. 1.03. -- ..... SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 187D. THE WASHINGTON CONVENTION. CONTINUED. Friday aTFernoon session: On the platform in Lincoln Hal J Were assembled more ladies than at any previous session; Dir. C. B. Pervis,of Philadelphia, and Federlc Douglas occupied front seats, with a crowded audience anxiously awaiting. President Mrs. Stanton addressed the Convention on the condition of the age d and the tendencies to a more suffrage now to are admitted system. She aid, "All the ballot except idiots, Chinamen and women." that the existing state. of allaiis tended to "irreverence, infidelity and cerruption." the pronounced it absurd, and added that under man's rule the system of politics was such it wax impossible to tell whether the Chief Executive Officer of the land held his seat by fraud; or otherwise; she referred to the cipher system as looking exceedingly bad. - Mrs. Malilda Joslyn Gage next delivered her remarkable speech upon United SUtea1 Rights vs. States' Rights. We consider Mrs. Gage's speech of so much value that we intend to publish it in full, al o 31 j s. Stanton's opening address, Miss Anthony's lecture, Bread and the Ballot, Mrs Lockwood's, Mr. Slocum'a and our own delivered on tho first evening of tho session; but our readers will be so kind as to give us time, our paper being so email we can only publish one at a time. Mm. Helen M. Slocum, of New York City, a very finely educated ancl talented lady, with a very intelligent face and an earnestness that must have thrilled every woman's heart in that large assembly, so impressive were her manner and. tone," plead as a mother wouid plead for her own child, for tho fallen and depraved women who sell their souls for bread, and the innocent children born to shame and reared in crime, if sufltred to exist at all. Bhe appealed to the mothers of the land and asked tbem if they did not think it was time they bad the privilege of owning their own children. She informed them there were but few States in the Union where the father had not power to dispose ol his children as he pleased, by appointing guardians, taking them from their mothers, And even billing away her unborn babe if he so choons. Mrs. Slocum stated there were, according to the carefully prepared statistics of ihe "Working Woman's Protective Union,' five hundred thousand women in New York City and ita immediate vicinity, ou'side of domestic service, who are working for wages which do not average ever two dollars a week. She vehemently exclaimed, "Can any one tell how it is possible for thete women to clothe, feed and shelter themselves upon such wages as these? There is a great army of women called outcasts, whose ranks are constantly being filled for want of bread. The men who withhold from women Ihe power of one-side- . through the ballot, thus preventing them from being able to dictate terms to their employers, are largely responsible for this state of things. She appealed meat elo"We quently and ferven tJy to mothers. mothers cannot separate ourselves from the great mass of women j and who of us are to furnish the recruits for this army whose Janks ate being continually refilled? for death goes Lai d in hand with such foul corruption." Dr. Caroline B. Winslow, a resident plya-cia- n and the able Editor of "The Alpba,"pub-lishein the interests and for the Lenefit and elevation of women, made a thrilling speech upon tho same subject as Mrs. SIccum, although Mrs. Winslow confined her rernaiks more to tho wickedness and corrup'ion of tbe District of Columbia. Mrs. Williams, cf Utah, then gave a short self-protectio- n d discourse upon Mormon womeDj their motives, principles and efforts; In short made a strong defense for her Mormon sisters. Mrs. Spencer styled Washington a Congressional boarding house, and advieed-womewho desired the suffrage not to feed Congress-me- n so well. Mrs. Blake emphasized "The protection of women by men" by relating a story of a young girl in Michigan driven out of town to die on Christmas night and referred to the murder 8be declared column of the newspaper. that man was not the natural protector of woman, as alleged. She drew on the calendar of crime to bear out her theory. Mrs. Lockwood sprang up, interrupting Mrs. Blake, and said such remarks only tended to widen the breach between men and women, and for her part she would not stand it; as Mrs. B. had mentioned several cases where men bad murdered their wives, she could show half a dozen instances In that vicinity alone where women had not n only murdered their husbands, but their children. There was some sharp sparring between these two, both of tfcem women of wit and versed in the learning of the world, but Mrs. Stanton, with her uncommon tact, succeeded in obtaining order and a truce, after which she mad6 a few remarks herself, speaking in strong terms of commendation of men, and the afternoon session adjourned. Second Evening session. The first speaker was Mrs. Julia Browne Dunham, from Iowa, who gave a concise annual report of the Woman Suflrage Association of that State; she thought the Iowa Legislature nearly ready to vote for woman eufliage, and that public opinion was largely in (Jieir favor. Women had already been given manyeflices of trust acd honor, especially as trustees of scheols. Mrs. Stanton rose, greeted with enthusiastic applause, and introduced Mrs. Lockwood as Lockwood versus the United States. Mrs. L , the celebrated lawyer, then made her earnest and eloquent speech entitled Waymarks.' She was frequently applauded, and at tho t lo3e received a very beautiful bouquet. After this there wa a sharp discussion Dr. Pervis and Mrs. F. Douglas on the which referred to the" Presififth his neglect to mention and dent's message twenty thou' and women citizens. Dr. Pervis Is a very talented man and a very fluent speaker, and of course used strong language. - He had taken exception to tbe phrase "possible bulldozing of some of the hapless race in the South," and felt insulted by any such connection with the President; he denounced the policy of President Hayes. Of course there were loud cheers and applause and hisses. Mr. Douglas resented the saddling of everything upon the President, and there was a great deal of confusion created; people called out'What's Le-twe- this to do with woman's rights," etc. Mrs. Stanton had to rise quite often to call to order. During the collcqtrjr between Messrs. Pervis and Douglas, Mrs. Spencer arose and stated that the resolutions had been drafted with special care &e. Mra Stanton called for a copy of said resolutions, and thought the oftending clause was in the wrong place. The construction of the sentence was afterwards changed. Mr. Pervis closed his remarks by saying; "I speak for black people because I know that on this platform they can be spoken of (applause). Speak for them, because there is no power under heaven to protect them. " Mrs. Stanton arose and said from tho events of the evening it was very evident there was need of women in the councils of men. That we must never forget the right and sacredness of free speech, which is a woman's right tenet, and that women must teach their sons when they go to public meetings to use their tongues like men and cot like serpents. They must learn the great American lesson of toleration of free speech. Mrs. Stanton was enthusiastically applauded. She gave notice that next winter there would be some new speakers, both men and women Her youngest daughter, now studying in the Boston school of oratory, would be there on the platform and take part in the Convention. It was then announced the Convention was 4 over. -- -- HOME AFFAIRS. Class in Ob 3tetrics. Having had several applications to join my winter obstetrical class rather late, I propose commencing a new class, beginning May 1st, and ending Nov. 1st, if a sufficient number apply. Any one desiring to join this class please advise me by April 15th. Further particulars can be had by applicants by letter. Romania B. Pratt, M. D. Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Associations. The secretaries of the different branches of the Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Afsociations in this Stake of Ziou are respectfully requested to forward theirquar-terl- y reports at once, so as to be ready for the Quarterly Conference, to be held in the 1 1th Ward Assembly Rooms, March 21 and 22. Address Mary P. Freeze. President, P. O. Bex 11S3. Augusta J. Crocueron, Secretary. We have e been requested by Pres. M. Horne to announce that the fifth Quar terly Conference of Salt Lake Stake Relief Society will convene on Friday and Saturday of this month, in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, commencing at 10 o'clock, a. m. on Friday. It is expected this will be an interesting conference, and that the secretaries will each hand in their reports to this office, as previously Ia-bell- requested, a few dajs before the meeting, so bat the Secretary, MrsE. Howard, may have time to read and arrange them. We trust the sisters will feel the importance of attending this conference, and that they will not only send in written reports, but be prepared to give a verbal report of the progress and Improvement made through the influence of these organizations. The Primary Associations of this county will also please report, that a complete knowledge of the practical and spiritual development of those enrolled in these societleV, or the need of It may be understood. -- 