6188 The question has been asked, "Was there ever a time when there Were no learned "'t ' j J foment" never since of average energy there must bean object for the employment, of heir time.. The end and aim in theschpoUhg of our girls has been to fit them;to,be wives Ah mQhp must never boiostr sight bhj Bit pur bpya nkvef the 'probablo; destiny of;c6inliig ja- thers?;and; supervisors1 of r of their childreti; training pur boys7 have ' ABOUT, LEARNED SOMETHING Eveour the-crea- nf mother, down j to I first ' 'the present," when' the - Aspect Within. thestj!e ellcitate1 ourselves, and j jerhapsf indisciminaie;on the1 - " tfher e rieyer i- - Was 'y::!; tim Ire"too '!. letme er0eat, " wlieh there, was not highly educate women, accbklng to the standard of thelPage. ' Isls and MfnerVaahowJhe Taluetr ppon the anCienlsjKecall femiriejntejlectby v the ribbfe,' tribute of PluT iti 'the genius of ; women to his Banquet;7 alsdtheldng If he; of learned and accomplished fihglislf ivohien, from Lady Jane Greytc-Elizabe- th Barrett, Among, that wonderful people, the Spanish Arabs, there were women who were; public lecturers, secretaries,of a Jdngsf awhile CbrlstiannEurop8 was ,snpk in :4ajknes3, Ayeaha, daughter, of; Ahmedi ben :Mahom- med$h?n Kadin pf.Gordova, wasjconsidered - ( j ! , i ; j i Ibri' This ? i ' ' j - infiuensaof ucr.ezia Borgia is classed by Rpscoe -- wijh that of his hero, Jjpo X. Vittprja Qulonpa ;; Myeronic:ainVa7;ranie4 as the . equals and friends of Bembo and Michael . Angelo; Tisaboschi declared the Rimatrice, or female poets of the 15th century, not in number or merit to the Bimatori, The-intellectu- rj al f i - or or male poets. Benedict XIV bestowed oa Majia Aynezl, a celebrated mathematician, the place of Apostolic professor in the University of Bologna in 1758- - Pope Clement XIV: wrote, ia 1763, to a lady who had' sent him her translation of Locke, expressing his satisfaction that the succession of learned women was still maintained in Italy. Th'ero ,13 a rwork of PauVde fiibero, entitled ,Tho r ' . Immortal Triumphs arid; Heroic Enterprises thwere' soldat in 1847, from the ribrary of Count Leo- ,6f 845;. Women,", Pa-,4u- , ho married Bonna JIariai of Mn& Alexander; ; VcQujd talkjhboth ! a es Latin and .Greek ; she was saldJo be wellversed .In : phIlpTjyfVnthe;matici' arid theology. Madame" Bolapd as acknowledged, a far better Statesman than her husband.) One f ll,ie, niost imjportant treaties of modern , Europe, Hhjj! peace' ;of,Catnbray in 1529, was nogQtiatodfiirtwo women, jyiargarot; the y t and Iuisa, the mother auni 9?LCharles '. ,:;jtHU orraqcis"''5--1'These are1 merely a few spocimens'l vbh m - ' ett?. Indolent young men-ha- ve Industry whence .7S?e,oa: int? Immediate pf Walo andaim was SnaIB ? Propensity for female, j!ay that i ' study they pursue it by themselves, though without any ulleriorraim. But fur most of thuo . 5 " f 4 ed ' ' - which "on aSltract principles it is impossible to explain." "The principle of ah 'aristocracy is admitted" says Toquervillel "the moment, we reject, an absolutely universal suffrageJ' The protest of Women id riot against aTspecial abuse, but against a whole system of injus- a political phenomenon, T r 'Once rejcpgniejhp poiiticajeuajlity tiqe. pf the sexes," says'. bueVnribo.'ques tlons of legal, social, ddbafional and professional equality will soon"' settle them-selve- -- , L. M. v s. It.' WOMEN'S MASS MEETING ST. GEOKGE AND WASHINGTON, V er ; ed able ; to : Jaer. Creator, who Jias; placed her hero by the,. side, of manunder the satoe obligations to develop .and un'foldV her God. given powers? It is arrogant and audacious presumption for man to attempt to decide the sphere of woman, especially in' an' age that can nhmber Its thousands' of noble," in- tellectual, carnost workers for the right, each ono of which has mind enough to set ers have asserted that the riht of suffrage (was worth1 fifty cents a day In its effect upon the wages Of the male'laborrsTrf ttiis couuiry.' xiia greaif euncaiurrui American t' mni is the ballot box with; its accompaniments, and this means the swhdl& world of i public life, public measures, public; interests antl public offices. t There are btavOi poble, men who have and oyer will use their voice,Jn-- , fluenco and vote, for anymeasure necessary to give woman her true position to enable and secure, her, from being' a prey to those who have no law in their habits arid propen-- J slties. Talleyrand said, "To see .oe: half of the human race xcludedjiQh ; , Held in the Tabernacle at St. George, Dec 5th, 1878. Meeting called to order by Anna L. Ivinsf and on her motion Mrs. Artemisia Snow' was chosen President, and Eliza Smith Calkins and Elizabeth P. Bent-le- y :'U'T-were chosen Secretaries;' After singing prayer was offered ; by E. S. Calkirii i'sMis, At Snow then stated the ob ject'Memeeting, and the fact ot tpo movement and the injuries it might bring'upori the people.? On motion of Mrs. Snow Harriet Hi'ltomney,' Mary G. Whitehead and Artemisia S. Segmiller were appointed aiSommltteo to draft resolutions protesting against this movement. Some very intrestiog addresses were madp by A.. Snow, D. Eyerltf ami M. Mjles. Theso ladies each'iriV.her.owuway , expressed hersolfverstroagiy .against the movement, .and showed Anti-polygam- y, " . , . Anti-pplyga- ray that those whp ycro opposing us were;n6t only trying to riiin a people butyefe, work- ing for their own distrUction. They '.related an account ,or their own lives in polygamy, and gave; a yety f 6xcellerit '.account of their church histor f ' Arriorig the speakers wertMrs. Gold, Eniiiy'lSpericorBrewet JohrisOri; Margaret "Matties, Mary Jane Sanders, Mrs.- Kemp, Mary Wells, Annie Wells, Annie Woodbury, Mrs. Caul, E. & Calkin, F. A. Church, B: Lunt, H. X Perkins; Snell Snow, E. Morso Mrs.Listou and E. Bleake;. : , -- - ? : ( d, ed S true-heart- i JIK however;-thoumotherO- T hy thelIbox;,F : : exi'mitiatlons'byh j -- out of thousands. There always have been energetic, brilliant women, but In order to sncceed there must bo an 19?WTf tIu Uont and all acquired facul-to bear upon some bf strong-minde- iioped, & -- or 'ad'hVeR!tn?.DFan,: at school iearned con-slder- I Portu-,ga- i; grand-spnlof.Charl- s shall." .This' fa-th- pold !Terri, 30,000 Volumes solely the' works "' pf female authors. j is that Mill would always regard rit as her chief honor to have reared h$x jdistinguished.son, But why is iti not as much honor la he a useful woman as to be a useful man ? Must this b& thp . great uiU'matu life here to be sopkpn of after: a generatlon or two, or more, .asftha mother of the learned; t renowned, famous James, Charles, or John j So and so? VWo believe most , women, prefer to take the honor as they go along; not that any woman.woiild object to being the mother of a good son or daughter we consider it an honor to have either. The may be as 'important in the rearing of the child a3 the mother, yet it is not the whole duty of man to be a good father. Many men who . Kave ' been good fathers have also attended tdrdoyus duties, were, in fact, many 6i tnem, guardians of American liberty. XndJ ffaH Woman only one-hal- f a mission? Is not each individual, male or female, an unit before God? Has Woman equally with man ah individual body to be protected, and an individual soul to save? Must she not see, feel, know, speak, think, act for herself and not through another? Is not the same grand Universe, with all its wonders "and: mystery, spread out before her for Study and rosearfch? Are not the same deep thirstinga for knowledge ."Within her soul? Has shBf not the same - solemn and profound problem to solve that man has? And can she not; attain to as great a scientific or literary: eminence as her brother man? Is she not a. mental, moral, spiritual being, and as such, account-- , ip-feri- 1 ? yerQ: fQQAale professors of; ttye classics) androf rhetgrlcjat Salomanca- andTi)Alejila. undeif Ferdinand and-Jsabella- 1 i (or otherwise) eritlemeh reHent.' ; This they seehied to' think' was' rsufilcieut' tbf In- spire hearlr and mind foreverr To be the i mother of Belffien of mIe hu- - 7 manlty! Some critic, after speaking very cordially ot Mrsvl MIIPs abre aticler'The't the West(Enfranchisemeritof Womeri, minster Beview, saidi that it Wa3 to jbe r ! ke-ma- ny for-feit- other incentive so often .held forth to young women, viz,, rTo be thetriotber. of some great man like a Washington or a Mar- dress; ; ; then.wppderfBl woman. Th'er " 4 isf l'sufflcient-eltbe- r who disparage u p half --a4ozen li -f L woman's capacity. ..: Woman asks the same, intellectual and political Jad vantages that tareVgran)ed to man. All women have the natural right to labor suffer and endure no 'one ! attempts to deny this: but she asks, the sanie d to Industrial enef entergy give an1 American writer: ' The Says prise.' dignity of labor should be sustained. The franchise of a freemaft'f should be granted to the humblest laborer who hasnbt his right by crime. In the rsponsi-- : bilities of a freeman he will find' the strong. catvmouves to exertionTiiesiaesso rar as government can bjMts actjon affect his.con-fidiiric- e of a just remuneration for his, toil, he' 'feels that1 a remedy is put Jn hislbarids encbuf-aemeht't- : 7 ! the ..most: learned iwoman of Jtf r, tage, the Tenth century); she: expelled in matbemat- ics, medicine, poetry, and other fseJepses. f The Moorish historian almost, dQlfles: this j ; : - prg'nhieedlni ':f iernaie education. ; j duties. ftf?11 tiJ What is it that so ofteri' causes; failure on the part of girls, when it has been' proven that at school the girls showed more apt- itude, and "averaged- ari' cqoallty of talent. Xiet-mf- f give the answer as it has come up ifrom thousands of iemale hearts::" Wo have nothing to do.-- : Boys go to college j study profes3lons, t learn trades, etc, etc. They ;;haye all, before them, twliile most of the : girls feel that they hare nothing worthy to inspire them, and the failure arises from wWapt Of stimulus. Aq imnpi;tol soul needs for its Sustenance something, more , than vis iting, npyei reading, crocheting, making pretty little tliirig to adorn persQUor par- - : j this sacred resrjbnsibility ta and all theincentives of 'private arid public cause of womens social and political rights has become a distinct naUqi?attestion; we I admit there has1 Keen an unusual intellec-- 1 tual activity for the last twenty years, both in Europe and? America and ;Jhat there, nasi been'advancement apd; progress in this re--: i tlellectpal ; is -- ! j' - I t 