WOMAN'S EXPONENT. to girls especially For tbe ExroxCTT. THE DAUGHTER OF ZION. I to pursue. Ev'ry power of our bcine says, Nay. Nay, nay! jvo believe that our Father Has knowledge more perfect than, they; Nay, nay! we believe that our Father Can match with the wisest each day. We've honor'd and bow'd to His mandate, Forsaken our countries, our homeg; AndafmSen. : : wo watt Mr Hi doming,- . And hunted as lion that roams. Crowd not thegtronpr limb to tho wall, It may reach you, 'though guarded and slronsr; Despair has a weapon in nature-Ch- afe not the proud lion too long. Wo always sustain our Always cling to the iron rod; Are willing to work for Christ's kingdom, Our holy religion, our God. :. file-leade- self-cultur- e Tho key of knowledge now ij turu'd, That for which our hearts have burn'd. Not to us, but to tho Father, And His holy Son forever, Be the glory and the power, For the tiiumph of tho hour. WaiAS. L..City May., If you do you will regret it will never feel that satisand afterwards, faction which comes from the fulfillment of a fixed purpose; for be sure, Whatever your future lot may be, whatever rank, or position, you may occupy, you will bo tho bet ter qualified and fortified by discipline in some regular pursuit. I know that in many families there is much homework that requires girls' attention, and they grow weary of What they term drudgery, and become impatient and, rcstle3- - and nioUiew ara very apt to think that pleasuro is the only reactive agent, and consequently they allow them to go to the other extreme, which is quite as depressing and more injurious to health and activity of mind. Do not live for pleasure ; alone. Have an object, and let it be a one that will call out all your dormant energies, and one in which you can engage with real enthusiasm, because of your love for it; but if it is notpossible to attain to the pursuit you desire now, prepare yourself by and thorough so that when the time comes that you can take hold of the work you are most, or best adapted to, you will do it understanding. It is said V hero thero is a will there is a way," and history, and observation teach us that whoever Cman or woman1 has risen to any degree of eminence; has had many hindrances, been met with opposition, and labored under an accumulation of difficulties, ere they succeeded. Do not despair because you are not encouraged; that is the shoal on which many are wrecked who start out with every breeze propitious; difficulty comes along and they feel the need of a helping hand. They are met with coolness perchance, or some less ambitious, or envious person, not comprehending them, attributes selfish motive and disheartens them; or, it may bo careless indifference on the part of those who' look on, having no sympathy in that direction; and ofttimes those who start out bravely skrink back because they are not equal to tho emergencies they must necessarily encounter, and thus they grow dissatisfied with themselves and make life a failure instead of a blessing and a help. It often requires long years of toil and patient Industry to gain the goal of our hopes, and even then many die without having scarce a foretaste of the blessing for which have faithfully labored; but yet therethey is much that is pleasant in anticipation, and when we can cast aside tbo gloomy pictures which hang all around life's pathway, and pierce with tho eye of faith into tho distant horizon and see even a faint of a rosy dawn, where ail wo havoglimmer striven to attain here shall bo given to tho faithful worker, it gives fresh courage and renews hope in our bosoms. To all who live useful lives, wko seek to bless and elevate their fellow beings, who make duty their companion, thero comes after years of toil and endurance an abiding peace, a sweet,restful feeling of calm-neswhich compensates in a great measure for all the long years of labor in the great workshop of life. None need regret any trial they have passed safely, for it is so much in tho stock of experience that will endureand s'and as a waymark in the mind, us of the victory gained over selfreminding in tho conflict that proved our integrity to truth and rigb, teonsness, real-one- The more that they work against Zion, The more will her glory appear; The more that they seek to oppress her, The sooner redemption is here. Tin I would say, do not give up too easily 4?hen you have wisely and by the advice of friends marked out a eouro Tho daughter of ZIon is chastcn'd, Her eons are brought Jow in the dust The Lord will confound her oppressor, And avenge her deep wrongs, for lie must. We trust in His arm of salvation, Wo bow to Ills will every day; Will He leave us to perish unnoticed? ! A. . AFTER LONG YEARS. LETTER VIII. the banks of a murm'rinlimpid stream, Away in tho shade of a hemlock grove, In midsummer time I would sit and dream Of the future bright, with Us wealth of love. ' u Aud such is life's "young: dream," often from which comes tho .sad awakening to a sense of the dismal, tho .dreary, the weary cares, vexations and trials of every day life. And yet how much tho sunshino of these happy hours cheers, stimulates and strengthens one in life's battle?. The child-lif- e made happy by love and attention of near friends, and affectionate parents is equivalent to fairy land; for does not some go d angel hover near to soothe all the woes ti children? Yes; the mother, the elder sister, the aunt, these good, true friends who are all kindness, and who obedience in return for all theironly requiro care How ca3y is tho obedience ofloving how love; peacefully 'does love adapt itself to duty. It i3 tho pleasant phase of life almost invariably that presents itself (o the young, and children are apt to think that it is an euy matter a3 they grow older to make their pathway upward and onward without much difficulty; but they find as years roll on that there are various experiences that call forth all the reserved forces of their nature to keep them from being overcome, or bowed down uuder an accumulation of difficulties- or ' even perhaps misfortunes. For these emergencies they sboujd cultivate in earjyjifo.a vast amount of courage-ueve- r let any little disappointment daunt you, if you know you are in tho right. An-plyourself vigorously to whatever you undertake, and If the task is hard, summon all your strengtl,, whether it bo mental, or Physical, or both, and you will be happier, oven if tho struggle be a hard one, than if you yield to tho first difficulty in Jo girls or boys this lessen will your way apply but y self-trainin- g, -- s, ; 07 - Aunt Em. NOTES AND NEWS. . it t T r ersalist Church at ' Racine, Wisconsin, has recieved a well deserved expression of confidence, at a recent meeting or the whole congregation a unanimous Vote was passed expressing gratitude for the manner in which- she has performed her duties and acknowledging that prosperity is to largely due her unselfish devotion to tho cause of truth, her assiduous labors as pastor and her prominent ability as Mrs. Brown took charge of this society about a year ago; when its affairs were at a loweTbb. 11 . i.. i t- . - their-'presen- t Woman's Rights is being discussed at College Commencements. Young graduates make it the subject of essays, and men of learning and oratory make it the subject of addresses on public occasions. Surely it is one of the important questions of the daj From tho "Woman's Journal" we copy tho following extract from a speeeh delivered by Mr. Joseph Sheldon of New Haven: "The position of women as the earners of wages must be more just when they can by hid uauuii fvcu iuuiieuuy express iiieir indignant opinion oh the conduct of those who treat them unjustly-whdrive hard their bargains against necessities; who tolerate unequal laws against them; who rob liicii uuujl'3 ut iuuuuy uuu buuis, in spue OI priyers, wit h the allurements of drink and tho seductions of vice; who mako tyrants o and i m beci es o f those who should be th ei r strong stay and support, their affection and their pride aud all this while the state rots for the need of the very virtue and con. science and intelligence it now throws away; and for need of the authoritative statement and condemnation by tho ballots of women of a flood of ignorance and ruin in all their miserable and immeasurable 1 When Lucy Stone with eager and devouring eyes first looked out upon her young life, and with unutterable dismay found herself stifled by belittling and contemptuous surroundings,that shut up every woman by positive law in a legal category with idiots, lunatics and criminals; that made even marriage on its legal side equivalent for her to a conviction of felony, she too was asked by society, the State and the Church: What are yuu going to, do about it? Little enough, God knows, has yet been done, but from that hour into every woman's life has begun to dawn tho broad, cheery morning of an absolute equality with man before the law a morning that shall yet bo tuneful with bird notes and balmy with the breath of flowers and Speaking with electric fulness of life; Then began a more worthy recognition and respect" for her individuality, her substance of character and her power, the opening to her with plaudits and thanksgiving of every avenue of employment for her ceaseless activities, her immortal aspiration?; her inextinguishablo hopes, her tireless charities- - Conversation and tho arts of lite, society and literature, the aims and the politics bf governments shall become larger and, purer and nobler in yet her inspiring presence. For hor it shall mean new vigora higher and brighter attracticon-scientio- veness: - Tho b!aia of mldulght shalibrdcar To her , she shall lean au ear Iu many a secret pkoe - Where violets danca their wayward round, And Beauty bora of murmuring EounJ " Sb.all.rass into her fie?. 