' THE WAN'S ..EXPONENT.: .- - Editor. In. Sat Lalce City, Utah. Terras: One copy one year, $2.00; one copy six months, Adrertislng J .00. ' Ten copies for the price of nine. Of Unci im nonpareil space; one rates: Each square, A literal discount to 13.00; per month,, fS.00. rablkhed send-monthl- y, time, regular adtertlsers. ; Exroncat Olllce, Loircr ; West .Boom of tbo Council hours Business House, South Temple ' SUceL from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. etery day except Sunday. Address all business , communications to ' JPubllsher WoMAH'a Exposes t, Batt Lake City, Utah. i . : r SALT;LAKB CITY, JULY 1, 1879. "EXCURSION FOR THE OLD FOLKS. For several years it has been the custom to get up aii excursion annually for the old people of tbis city and vicinity. Brother C. R. Savage was the first man to inaugurate this movement, sanctioned by Bishop Edward Hunter and Eider George Goddard, and eo it has come to be a settled affair that the old folks have an "out" This year, Bishop Edward every summer. Hunter, Brothers George Goddard, C R; Savage, Wm. EddIngton,; Wm. Naylor,Wm. Binder7 and John Klrkman were the untiriDg and indefatigable committee of arrangements. Everything teemed to be managed so systematically that there was no confusion comparatively In loading the eleven cars and caboose The almost exclusively with eldeily people. morning was a delightful one Tuesday, June 21 tb, and all the pleasure seekers, old and mid d seemed in gala spirits. The cars left the depot at half-pa7, and as the train sped along, the country looked positively charming, in the glory and beauty of the regal robe of summer. The sunshine fell in a beautiful shower of golden light on mountain, valley and streams of water, and there waa not even a cloud to mar the beauty of the azure hky. The company were greeted at the differr ent stations by the way, and Bishop Hunter was presented, at one place, with a beautiful bouquet, by a party of little girls. Arriving at American Fork, Bishop Harrington, with about aj 'hundred teams, was at the station to convey the people, to Bennie Brown's grove, which had been prepared for the "old fblki' party." The-- American Fork brass band, led hy Bro.fWilllam Grant, saluted the party I'm Ninety-five.- " with the tune,'"I'm Ninety-fiv.The stars and stripes were streaming dwellings and ornamented fpni the citizens' the? marshals of day and the horsep. "Aii arch,, formed of evergreens, was erected oii the road leading to the grove, over which a banner was gracefully thrown, painted with the inscription, "We welcome You' the Sunday School children in line on each side' of the road hear it, greeting, the party with songs st , . e, - and.shouta of welcomed , t The grove was a very large one, ad had been nicely; prepared by th young gentlemen and ladles of tho Mutual Improvement Association under the supervision of Bishop Wm, lixman. A- platform had bean made something like a t quire bower,, covered with boughs and decorated with flowers and branches of evergrten, with a flaj across the front Here was a rustic stand, table and benches for the convenience '6f the committee, speakers, reporters and so on. The firsts hours after arrival were devoted to , - i rest and refreshment;longrowsof Ubles and seats were arranged for picnic, and plenty of were on the ground, so that tea and coffee could be served. Seventy gallons of cooking-stove- s milk were furhlsfied for the occasion. The exercises commenced with music by the band; then' a prayer was offered by Bishop E. D. WoblIey,and a song composed expressly for the occasion was sung by the Glee Club, music by the string baud. Elder C W. Stayner composed the words, Elder John Lewis the music. Bishop Harrington then made a short address of weloome, in a pleasing style. Bishop Hunter commenced by saying the ex cursion was far beyond what he had anticipate, ed, referred to Brother Savaged efforts in a very appreciative way, said that noble Savage with a noble soul, he will yet be a God, nothing short of it; he had been the first to suggest those excursions, said that pleasure parties were formed for all kinds except for the old folks. Brother Qeorge Goddard had been un- tiring and indefatigable in getting up these parties and making them a success. After some other remarks in regard to tho good people of american Fork and their energy in building up the place, he spoke of himself and his early reminiscences, and said he remembered the death of Geoige Washington when a little boy, and that it cast a gloom over the whole country, even the children felt it He mourned that the religious liberty his forefathers d and fought for, and which many liberal-heartmen had struggled to maintain, had been denied to this people. He had rejoiced in times past over the freedom and union of the United States, that in which the glorious principle of worshipping God according to the dictates of one's conscience was incorporated. Under this Constitution God had raised up a people, but he had lived to see these rights denied to them; he had always maintained in his life these principles of freedom. He spoke of the future when the Saints would be able to obtain this Ireedomand extend the same to all denominations. He spoke of his friends behind the vail, in the most affectionate manner, and exhorted the Saints to live their religion, and blessed all present. Bishop George Hallldayi of Bantaquin, came forward and said: Brothers, Sisters and Fiiends I am highly and particidelighted to be with you in pate your enjoyments. Although I am not seventy years old yet, I have long since left the scenes of my boyhood and am gently descending the steep hill of life, I do not intend to ocbut feel to say cupy much of your time may God bless the aged and all tho-- e that in any manner administer to their comfort or happiness. I have a favor to ask from you all. It is that no person will take exceptions or be offended at the liberty that I may seem to take for the few words that I have to offer. I wish to direct them exclusively to the founder of the feast, our Presiding Bishop, Brother Edward Hunter. Bishop Hunter Dear Brother: It is with the highest admiration we witness your continued and unceasing efloits to do good to your fellow men. The scene "we behold here Is one more that may be added to a long list of others, wherein you have from your youth up, bsth with your means and your influence, endeavored topless mankind by assisting with your means those who were in distress, and administering to the wants and comfort of the poor and afflicted, and now endeavoring to brighten and happify the declining days of the aged.; Be assured Brother Hunter, that while you are endeavoring by works of faith and labors of love, to make others happy, there are thousands of your friends in the Territory; and elsewhere, that would be pleased to make you feel happy also. And as a proof that my words noble-minde- ed Con-stiuti- . to-da- y, to-da- y, to-d- ay on . are true, permit me, in the name of the good Saints of Sautaquin, Utah County , to offer you this small prpsent as a gift fer your eighty-six- th birthday, with yonr name age and office engraved thereon, and beg you will accept the same, not for its cost or material value, but as a token of our high regard for you as a man, our love for you as a brother and our reelect and veneration for you as the Presiding Bishop of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, and may4 he blessings of Almighty God be showered down upon you to strengthen your aged body, and comfort and happify your heart, and although your body may decline with age, may y our mind and memory continue bright, vivid and youthful, is the wish of your many friends. Amen. The cane was purchased at Joslyn & Park's in this city, and was elegantly engraved. "Pre-seted to Presiding Bishop E, Hunter, on his S6th birthday, June 22d, 1879, by the Saints of n -- L Santaauin." Bro. Goddard said: "All whd feel like wish ing Bisnop Hunter many happy returns of the day, say Amen. Brass band music. Song by thirty little girls, dressed in white, "Greeting Glee." Smith's string band accompanied Foster Glee Club in singing, "Oh, how brightly breaks the morning." The children then presented bouquets to Bishop Hunter, President D. H. Wells, Sister E. R. Snow,and several of the oldest ladies and gentlemen preeent. Brother C. W. Stayner received a bouquet for compos- ing the song for the old folks. President Wells made some remarks, In which he exhorted the people not to lose their faith and let the devil cheat them out of their salvation, after a life of toil. God blesses all who are true and faithful to their covenants. May God bless you, one and all, Bishop Hunter, Bishop Harrington and President Smoot. It is said, let us have old men for counsel and young men for war, but let us seek to have the principles of freedom inculcated in our lives. Said his had been a soldier in the Revolugrandfather tion, but he lived long enough to see American citizens denied the liberty of worshipping God according to the dictates of their own consciences. He predicted that the time would come when it would be an honor to be a "Mor- mon." Brother Goddard then called for the oldest people present to come forward. The following persons responded Wm. Wilding and Vienna Jacques of this city, aged respectively 96 and 92, Ann Lee, of Provo, 90; Sarah Simons, 80; Abagall Leonard, 84; BerriJl Covington, Ogden, 75: John Man will, Payson, 88; Bufus Abbott, Pay8on,93. Mary Shelley, 83 years' old, had worked in the mines of Scotland 40 years, and crossed the plains with a handcart, received as a gift a portrait of President John Taylor. The oldest lady and oldest gentleman' were presented with an order for a handsome r. Other prizes were given to James Shields, Patsy Ann De Berry, Thomas Morris, Elizabeth Williams, John Man will, the last named sang a song. The Y. M. M. I. A. received as a prize, "The Life of Brigham Young," and the Young Ladies of Y. L. M.I. A framed portraits of President Taylor and Bishop Edward Hunter. A variety of games were indulged in by several of the old people, who manifested considerable enthusiasm, and the win ners received prizes. : AH who participated seemed delighted and a very merry : crowd watched the proceedings. .The Italian baud amused the people with songs in the language of "sweet Italia" and. discoursed music soft and full of melody, with the guitar. There were quite a number of persons from other settlements, and altogether it Is thought arm-chai- . 