r .. 243 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ... Britain, nor publish it in the streets of Borne or Bpain! Acts speak.louder and are more expressive than words Therefore, after again ihanking you, in the name of insulted freedom, and in accordance with the dictates of wisdom, we will close these proceedings and retire in silence lo our happy and undisturbed homes. And now may the peace of heaven ;and the blessing of Israel's God rest in rich .abundanee upon you all, and upon every one whoso soul responds to the sound, the echoes .of truth and int e grity, in the name of Jesus. Amen. PKESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR Delivered an address expressing the most .kindly feelings, and lofty sentiments. We are not assembled here for any other purposes than those of peace. We have oio quarrel with our Government; we have no . to-d- ay quarrel with our Judiciary, nor with the United States; we have no quarrel with any Our mispeople upon the face of the earth. sion i?, "Peaee on earth and good will to all men." And although men have sought to in- - ' terfere with our religious faith and to control our conscierces, it is understood by us that God and ilia laws have never been palatable to the great mass of mankind generally. And therefore if men in the different ages have bad to endure persecutions and prosecutions for the sake of the eternal truths of God, it is nothing strange that we should have to partake a little of the same thing. We have met here, however, to welcome our friend and brother, President Daniel H Wells, to our midst; to evince a feeling that exists and permeates among the Latter-da- y Saints and that d wells in their b 030 an, as well as in the bosoms of all honorable men, namely, that of maintaining and sustaining their friends that dare be true to God, to their country and its institutions, to their religion and their iriends; who have the moral courage and dare to act upon the principles of honor in the face of narrow prejudice, proscriptions, penalties, and the evils which even honorable men have to meet in life, frequently, from the hands of those whose positions ought to raise them above tho Darrow limits of bigotry and intolerance; and knowiDg what the feelings of the Latter day Saints were in relation to those things, we wished them to be gathered together to eviocs that respect to General Wells which, independent of his honorable position for years in our midst, bis conduct ments. We widh to evlDce a disposition to tustain correct principles under all circumstances. ' Do not then, my brethren, let us have any quarrel with these people. Oar mhslon ia "peace on earth and good will to men." And if men are in error we will try our utmost to correct them; if they are weak and Ignorant or even tyrannical, we will try to bear with them aad then leave them in the hands of God, for we can afford to wait. There is a od that rules in the heavens. There is an old say-I- d g, that 'the mills of the gods grind slowly, but that they grind exceeding fine." We caa wait the time, the Lord's Just time in relation to thtso matters, placing ourselves in His hands. We appeal to the great God for redress, and let all Israel say "amenP (the vast concouree of people re ponded, "amen.") We can afford to treat all le peoj right whether they can us or cot. - We will not try to place ourselves in op- position torthe government, but stand shoulder to shoulder with all true patriots lovers of their country and its Institution?; as long as there are any to maintain these principles we will be with them and on the side of light Amen. (Great applause.) After the speeches were over there was music by a martial band, "See the conquering hero conies." Col. John Sharp, of the committee, said there had been preparations made to have a cold lunch in the Tabernacle for inviUd guests and visitors from the country. Bened'c-tio- n by Elder Joseph F. Smith. The bands were playing while the people dispersed. About 10,000 people took pait in the procession, and 15,000 more were spectatois. In the evening Gen. Wells was serenaded at his home by the Tabernacle Choir and Scandinavian vecal club. .Pres. John Taylor, Elder JosephJF. Smith, the Committee of ladies and other friends called upon him and participated In the enjoyment of a pleasant social entertainment with the family. The day was a most remarkable one, and the memory of that day's occurrences will live in Saints to the end the hearts of the Latter-da- y of time. It is impossible to do justice to it in the few paragraphs we are able to publish, but it will be written of in story and in song, and will be a theme worthy the author. HOME AFFAIRS. Tub Senate Judiciary Committee ered the nomination considof Corbin as Chief Jus- tice for Utah Territory, and decided to report adversely, unless the prtsident should withdraw the nomination. The case of Elder George Reynolds, in which the Latter day Saints are so deeply interested, has recently been receiving direct attention from the Supreme Court of the United States. The decision is, "And that this cause be and the eame is hereby remanded to the said Supreme Court (Utah), with the instructions to cause the sentence of the District Court to be et aside and a new one entered on the verdict in all respects like that before imposed, except so far as it requires the imprisonment to be at hard labor." The "Carthage Republican" (an Illinois paper) states that Mrs. Emma Bidamon, died in NauvoD on the 30th of April. Among the Saints, in days gone by, she was known as "Sister Emma," wife ol familiarly the Prophet Joseph Smith. She was considered rather a remarkable woman, possessing great influence and unusually strong characteristics, which if properly directed, as in the early days of this Church, would have made ' her name illustrious in the history of the women of the Latter-da- y Saints down to the end of time. Latter-da- y This morning our beloved sisters Pres. E. B. Snow and Pres. M. I. Home start Dn a tour to some of the settlement in Haopete and Sevier Counties. They will meet with the Relief Societies and Y. L. M. L A in the settlements upon their way, transacting such busl-ne- s with these institutions as may be essential and practicable; also organizing branches of the Deseret Silk Association and Primary Associations. They expect to reach Richfield to attend the Stake Conference, which will be held on the 24th and 25th of this month. Ellis R. Bh'pp has returned from a professional visit ia the just and North, by per sonat observation has become cognizant of the increasing need of noman phyti dans-wo- men thoroughly cdm M and trained for the important duties of attending the sick and ailinr, especially of their own sex. She desires to use her energies In meeting this demac I by giving Dr. instructions both theoretical and practical. The course will consist of two terms , six months each, with five lessons a week. The first lecture will be given on the 26th Inst. Any further information can be obtained by correspondence, er personal communication at her residince 11th Ward, Salt Lake City; We have learned by letter of the sudderi death of a youDg lady whom we met and formed a pleasant acquaintance with while in Washington. Miss Minnie Nason died early in April last of congestion of the lunge. At noon she was bright and happy, and between five and six o'clock she was dead: she took a chill, and congestion of the lungs followed so quickly she was gone in a few moments. She was indeed a lovely girl, graceful, sensitive, refined, and possessed that charminggobd nature that imparted a kindly feeling to all. We sympathize deeply with her mother, aunts and relatives, for we know how deep the! wound must be, but we can only say to them, believe . "Our Father doetb all things well." We left this "city; Wednesday-mornin- g, April 30, in company with Miss E. It. Snow, President of L. D. S. wemens'. organizations. We traveled through some of the settlements North, In Utah and a part of Idaho called Malad Valley, to visit.the jsisiera'.' societies in that vicinity. At Brlgham CIty Mrs. H . A. Snow. Pres. of B. 8. Box Elder Stake, her counselor 8. P. Booth, Sec. Mary E. Snow and Pres. Harriet Huntsucker joined our party. Together we visited several towns In Box Elder and Oneida Counties, two Relief Societies and organized .five Primary 'am Associations, we returned to uzaen m time to attend the Quarterly Conference of Weber Stake held May 9th and 10th in the Ogden We were all most cordially Tabernacle, welcomed and hospitably entertained; the brethren and sisters came in wagons from lone settlement to another to hear the sisters talk. We Intend to publish notes made during our absence, but have not space in this issue. This number completes the seventh Yolomt of the Woman's Exponent. This little paptr has now become widely known, and has entered many a home where a Mormon woman would scarcely be received at all. It ia a power in the hands of Latter-da- y Saint women, which should be wielded for good. .The Expo nent speaks brave worils for women in encouraging them in the elevation of their sex. It is also a medium through which the organizations among the sisters are represented and thus become interested in each others welfare and aid and assist mutually in sustaining home Industries, and in educating the youth of ZIori in all that pertains to practical usefulness and spiritual culture. Sisters, you who appreciate your position, you cannot afford to be without tho Exponent. It will 'silently strengthen you mothers, sisters and daughters in your labors of love. We have ample opportunity of know lng that this little paper is doing a good mhw sionary work for Mbrtaonism; We trust our patrons will renew their subscriptions promptli:. re-organi-zed m m y- f "v . ' : ."- - . . Four accomplished sisters, Clara, Hilda, Ellen and Henriette Montalbaf Spanish blood live in London. Tho youngest, 3 a Henrietta; charming sculptor; the other three are successful painters, Miss Clara, a pupil of Isabey, being especially remarkable for her Venetian' scenes. These youn g ladies are friends cess Louise, and Misses Hilda and Henr lette Montalba have crossed tho ocean at her invitation, and are now visiting her at Rl. dcau Hall. 