.V. WO MA N? S entbf R. S. X. Stake of Zion, nor of Pres. Raohel jl. Grant of Elizabeth H. Goddard, and 'many other good sisters, simply because it Is utterly impossible to mention all the9e things unless we had a daily paper. A TO B. HUMBLE TRIBUTE, THE MEMORY OF MRS. MARINDIA , . Mrs. Marindla J. CARLETON. J, Carleton, wife of Mr, Geo. II. Carleton, cashier 0 the Georgetown Bank, departed this life March 15, 1879, at her residence In Georgetown, Mass. The deceased was the beloved niece of Shter Vienna Jacques of this city, and Mrs; Boynton of Bountiful is the sister of Mrs. Carleton. Hay-lo- g made her acquaintance, with that of her worthy husband, on my recent mission to my native State, Mass,, and becoming conversant with her blameless and holy life, I could not do justice to my feelings did I not testify in some public manner to her worth as a consistent and devoted Latter-daSaint. Truly, in her daily deportment as a wife, daughter, sis-t- er and frien VU the virtues and beatitudes were exemplified and shone pre eminently. Moving in a circle of society that was inimical to her religious principles, she never faltered or hesitated to declare her faith in the restoration of the Gospel,professed when it was expedient and wise so to do. Nor in words only did she manifest a vital interest in the litter day work, but in her generosity great freely contributed to the varied interests of the king- dom of God. To the fund alone she Temple i. ... i i ii ,j uuuaieu icu uuiiars montnJy, preferring to lay up treasures In heaven, rather than to the means in undue personal adornment.expend The Elders who were laboring in that of the .Lord's vineyard always receivedportion a hearty welcome, and never departed without receiving something substantial to help them in their mission. She ardently desired to gather to Zlon, and In her last letter to her Aunt dated Feb. 22, she expressed herself as being strongly impressed of the nearness of the great calamities that await the nation, and hoped that she would be gathered out of Baby-io- n before the time came that "He that would not take up his sword to fight against his neighbor must needs fly to Zjon for safety." thG arncre ie Pure spirit of Sister "Rlnnle" as a choice to the Zion above to mingle with the jewel Saints of all ages and there enjoy sweet rest until amve when Zion below 8hail be the time shall perfected and prepared or the coming of the Lord. To the bereaved and loving all who have had the honor of his husband, acquaintance will sincerely condole in the great loss he has sustained; and may he be soothed by the cherished memory of the many virtues and beautiful life of his deceased companion, and may the recollection of hi untiring devotcdness for her happiness be as a healing balm' to assuage he poignant grief of the present, and endeavor to look forward to a happy reunion in the future, in that peaceful jealm where sorrow and parting shall be known no more, is the sincere deeireof Na-ilon- y . 1 Vi-eon- a, his George Hamlin. Salt Lake City, April 13, 1879.' We have read the tHhnto aAima u Carleton in the "Georgetownuvvjiuin i airs Advocate and will here ou qnfe paragraph, attributed to a lady who had known her from childhood." She ws the brat woman I ever knew. Gen. tie qufer, charitable, conscientious generous and kind I would not exchange a 8in character if I could- .- What a loriou! - Jto al EXPONENT. 3, 1679. To Mrs. Emmeline B Wells, Dear Sister, I pen these few lines to acquaint you with a sad accident which befell two young men "brothers" Lorenzo and Thomas Wilson of this place on the lit, Inst, caused. by a cave while working In an Iron mine In Tintic; which instantly took the life of Thomis the younger aged 21 years, and dislocated the hip of the ptber and otherwise badly hurt him; hopes are entertained of his recovery. He has a wife and two small children. The funeral took place yesterday,when great respect was shown. Several young people preceded the corpse (walking in couples) which four young men carried to the school house, where appropriate; and consoling remarks were made. Their mother Mr. Mary Doddwho probably you recollect, is Counselor in the R. S. here. She has experienced similar dlctrees before, but Is a person full of Integrity and faith, and places her trust in Jehovah upon vhom she relies in her great trouble. , We held the first meeting in our new Relief Society House on the 28, ult. Bishop Wm. Price met with na and dedicated the house. We are thankful to have it so far finished, and hope yourself Sister E. R. Snow and other sisters will favor us with a vhit, for your good teachings still abide In our memories and help to stimulate us to diligence. Ever praying God to abundantly bless you, is the desiie of your sister in the Gospel of -- Christ. Mary Ann X - we will come out right, we can haye h doubt as to the result. We" may in the future,(as wo (CORRlSPONDENCE. Gostjen, April 2 35 have done in the past) have trials and 'persecutions, ityuskjJproye our faith. What la our religion; "worth" if we are not willing to live for it, and die or it too, to-pihTpp- T . , if need be. r Let us live up to the principle of plural marriage, and teach it to our; daughters as pure and holy, revealed by the Almighty,, to per- petuate a noble race of people 4upon the earth, that the noble intelligent spirits, that i have been held in reserve, in the eternal, worlds, to come forth in these last days to take part in the great Latter-da- y work, and to prepare a people for the coming of the Savior. What a glorious privilege to come forth and receive Saints, and parentage among the Latter-dawhat a great responsibility is resting oh the parents to bring this noble rce up, in the principles of righteousness and truth, and set an example worthy of imitation. How many of us is there that realize this in the light we should. Let each one answer for themselves! May the Lord of heaven bless you with health and strength, to enable you to carry oa the work that you are so worthily engaged in, that your Valuable paper may continue to be, as it ever has been, a true Exponent of the I feelings and views of the women of Utah. remain as ever, Yoar sister in the Gospel. y Sabaii M. Pomeroy. Mesa City, Arizona, Feu. 14,: 1879. ParowAN, Feb. Editor Exponent: When T read in the papers of the noble stand taken by my sisters in their several Mass Meetings throughout Utah, in defence of the glorious principles of their religion; I felt desirious of raising my voice with the rest of my sitters in solemn protest against any interfereLce with our religious rights. We have no organization of Relief Society as yet, so I thought I would pen a few of my thoughts upon paper. I feel to bav. thnnb God that we have such noble advocates who dare stacd forth in the face of the whole world, as it were, and proclaim that they were the wives and daughters of Jgood atd great men who practis ed patriarchal marriage, and protest against any interference with their eacred religious rights. Our enemies may scoff and sneer as much as they please, at the idea of polygamy being part of our religion, in their corrupt hearts they cannot see any (hing pure 'and noble jn this principle. They judge us by themselves, which is not always a righteous judgement! And the noble self sacrificing sisters who went to Washington to plead the cause of the Saints of God; I feel that they deserve the lasting gratitude of their sisters in Utah, whether , their appeal has any effect or not, it dees not make any material difference to us, let the result be with God. As the Lord has said through his prophet Joseph Smith, "Let my Saints appeal to the highest court in the and if thfy will not do them justice, thenland, let them appeal to their Father in heaven, and He will hear them and come out with judgments, upon those nnwoithv' finrvjinf have the power to do the Saints but willnot. They will fiud when it jjstlce is too late what it is to measure arms with the Almighty God of heaven. We know this principle Is of God, and we knaw If we are firm in the cause f troth, aul ths princi pies we have espoused s 12, 1879. Editor Exponent: We feel Till . it our duty to let our voices be heard in these eventful times, when Satan is laboring incessantly to destroy the kingdom of God, for he understands that his reign is short, and that the coming of the son of man draweth nigh. Our enemies do not understand that it ii the God of heaven they are fighting against, and if an a'ngel from heaven should declare it unto them, they would think some evil spirit had possession of their senses. How true the paying that r'darkness covers the earth and gross darkness the minds of the people' V We wish to add our testimony to the thousands who have already published the same, that this is the work of the Lord, and that Joseph Smith was a true Prophet, and that this People aie carrying out the work he. began. Plural Marriage Is a part of our religion, and we will defend it and every other principle of our faith with our latest breath. We are williDg to obey the true laws of the land, We, love the name of Washington, and the names of the framers of the Declaration of Independence, and every true born son or daughter of America loves Freedom and Liberty. OurR. S met on the 1st Thursday of the r present month, and one slater read the interview between Pres. John Taylor and Mr. after which as many of the sisters as time would admit of, spoke and bore strong testimonies of this work; of Celestial Marriage, and of the true and noble spirit manifested throughout the interview by our beloved President. And we pray that his days may be lengthened out upon the earth, that be may accomplish all the good his heart desires. ye hold in high esteem our sisters who are filled with the spirit of our religion, who have so ably represented m Jn the' of our rsaliou. We pray that they mayCapitol be blessed and Hoi-liste- r, prospered in all they undertako in righteous-n- e '.md also that God will bless all of his faithful who are striving to elevate and bless .mankind, and may we all hand-maide- ns fully appreciate our families and homes is the earnest desire of your sisters Emma S. Smith, Pres. R. 8. Mary J. West, Coun. i 