WO Committee on resolutions then returned, bringing in line following preamble and rcsolutions,which were read and adopted. women of the Church of Where, We,Latter-day Jesus Christ of Saints, have been grossly misrepresented by our Christian sisters dwelling in our midst, in regard to our rights (to worship God according to the dictates of our own conscience) the right which relates to the 'most holy relations of wifehood and motherhood, we do hereby declare most solemnly and emphatically our true sentiments, and Invite a complete and Impartiaririve8tigation of our cause ,3 1st Resolved, That: we, the women of St. George, Santa Clara and Washington, members, of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, do heartily endorse the in Salt Lake City, sentiments of and with them claim the privilege of worshipping God according to the dictates own' conscience; fand God being our helper, we, will sustain our husbands, fathers and sons In carrying put every principle of our h'oly; religtonln righ Ttebufiness. 2d Besolved, That wef as sisters and true women, will sustain our husbands in every righteoqs 'principle that tends to in. crease their families, and do all in our power to bringbout the redemption of the human family 3at wo solemnly avow our full faith In the doctrine of pelestial Marriage, established bythe dlyine cpihmand;pf Hlm who is the same yesterday i"i6-daarid for- er, and knowing the loryfstrength and power that will rest upon us as a people, who practice.it in righteousness, we do endorse it as one of the most important principles in our holy religion, and claim the right to put it in practice. 3d, Resolved, That'; i?e will endeavor to keep the commandments of God ' and leave the result with Himt and protest against the enactment of any laws to deprive us of our religious freedom., vTbat we ill sus. " worth and Mrs. VM J. Shipp, secretaries. The chair stated the object of the meeting, and made a Very, able speech, showi ng that we, as Latter-da- y Saints, are loyal to the Constitution of our country, arid Congress has no right .to interfere; saying, let us stand up and assert our rights, acknowled before the world our faith in the principle sought to "..be suppressed. Each of th e following ladies made appropriate speeches suited to. the occasionr Mrs. L. B. Pratt; Mrs, M. Vatighan, Mrs. D. F. Cox, Mrs. Caroline Crosby, Mrs. M. A. Tanner, Mrs. S Robinson,, Mrs. M. A, Grimshaw, Mrs; E. Hawkins,' Mrs. L. Howd, Mrs. E. Hilden, Mrs. Jane Gibbs. The preamble and resolutions wereread by Secretary Mrs. M. E. Ash worthy and Tmoved and seconded that We, thoUadics of Beaver .City, in mass meeting assembled, adopt and coincide with the resolutionjof our .slsters: of Salt Lake City in their mass meeting of Nov, 16, 1878. Mrs. Ruth JtyXet made a few closing remarks. Choir, sang. Benediction by Mrs. L. ay ' . 1 c Beaver, Uty. The ladies of tins ci iy held a Mass Meeting, Dec J3 1878, at the meeting house for. the purpose - of"x pressing their views religiously and politically. There was a -- r':r T! y Ashwortii, Sec'y. . Report of a Mass Meeting held at Manil, Jan. 6 th, to protest against the Antlipolyga- . . my petition. Meeting called to order : at 2 o'clock jp. ' m. In the stand were the Presidency of the Relief Society, the Sisters Malben, and many of the leading; 6istors of Manti. On motion of Mrs. Carto, Mrs R. Wareham was unanimously sustained as Chairman of the meeting, and Mrs. A. L. Cox as Secretary. Singing by the choir, and opening prayer by i;Mrs, , Christoffersen. The Chairman then stated the object of tho meoting, and reviewed the history of the Church and he causes that had led to the persecutions which had followed; us through all our -a wanderings, Quite a number of impromptu speeches were made, and all the speakers were iinani moua jn protesting against the tinrighteous" crusade which Is being: forced upon. us; "at ' the same time a spirit of Christian: forbear- anco characterized the meeting and the general desire seemed to be to leave "our traducers in the hands of One who has said; i: ( Vengeance is mine. , : An excellent address to the youngladles . was, read by Miss ;MarioQ Grler, exhorting' them to; be faithfuL ta:ihe principles for which their mothers and suffered so much. Several resolutions embodying the sen fl. ments of the assembly were unanimously adopted, also the action and resolutions of the ladled of Salt Lako City were heartily ' endorsed ?and sustained. The closed with" flinging by the choir.meeting Benediction by Mrs. Wareham. A; L. Cox, Sec'y. i '. 4$er$f places. -- good "attendance of w ladiefnd menced Z KyelectinHrkl Sarah 4 com- Coleman ; ;aa intrjJhofrI Louisa-'M;:miIepEir2triMErkwkin-s princi-ple-underdlscussion- - ' ; f their jphiljnthrqpj whereit ? rnoit rieeded The comrnittee, having returned, they the resolutions that Had been adopted by the 'sisters of 'Salt Lake as the sentiments of this meeting. City The resolutions were then read by the Sec- re-port- ed n)bn by sonae speakers, then unanimously adopted." marks? iby! "Slartha Rebecca Prayer t , -- Closing re- J. Thomas. V Singing. Standltl. Sarah C. Coleman, Pres't, ;i,;VtRebecx3a Standing, Secj'y. Charleston. 1 ..a - ' i- :;:.-;),- ' i ; CEDABCiTV; I .. v .. ... . " 1 A Mass Meeting of the ladles jof was held In the Meeting House Jan P. Meeting was called to order by Mrs. Sarah Uric, and after singing and? prayer Mrs. Ellen Lunt was .appointed by: unanimous vote to preside over the meeting, and Mrs. Sarah Chatterly as Secretary..: Mrs. Ellen Lunt then stated the object of the meeting, v viz., to defend our views andreligious and to protest against tho Anti- - ' polygamy movement and petition. A of five ladies Was .appointed to draft resolutions, and while they were absent Mrs. Lunt made some very interesting remarks. The committee returned the folr io wing report: Resolved,, That, we, the women of the con-victio- ns, com-mitt- ee fy -- retary,- Commented : hd i? pre-vioxis- : ; : ? -- .'r:i?:', . reshlenj, and Mrs. Rebecca sang. J: jpryer MrsDa by Morgan via, Singing. - r , The President. In an appropriate and the pointed speech,: stated vih6 object-o- f and incidents her in meeting, gave early life and experience In polygamy, after which the" following commltteelon resolu tions " were?. appointed: Udry A. Davis, and ? While 'the Ann-pa- l out were remittee speeches were made by Martha P. Thomas, Barba&'&Evaris, Rebecca: Standing, Morgan Anderson, Mary Chillton, S Mi Naile, Rebecca Evani'Mellssa Wnies,""and many others; p Ta JUdles 'spoKeT irpi "plalnr ftndr pointed--mraire- r, tmJlysenriyorth! tHeir Views, feelings and position 00 the sho6d that the ladles were- abundantly -- able to express The themsely:e$;snditoelr s wives and moun-tainmothers In the position' Qfi waseontraatedwith the same in other lands, andVf the 6ympathetio ladies of Salt Lake Citjf ere fullyadvised-t- o -- expend Evans B tahd . , ; . any-thingIalrm- : canjieiemted '. against be OOne fol the injury of. 1 our cause or people. x J ' r . Dismissed by prayer. Calkin, Sec'y. Solemnly--protes- v - -- dorseacd' 1 The Mass Meeting of the ladies of Lehi, held Dec 26, 1878, proves that although they may be among the last they are not in their theleasi, or; expressions v than their sisters in" other ofndly interested themselves ib the behalf of the f 'poor Mormon women j" we would .suggest fhatjthelr interest and kind feelings be turned on their own poor degraded women, those of their own land who need their: help and interest ,as we, by the help fj God, can take caWof 6u)pehre3f;knd fteX' god In sus- - '1 tairilhg bur husl)arids,7a1hefs and sons in putting in practice the laws or 3od. t "1. Lehi. . T fi Mbs. H. E. Skinnerr -- y y . Mrs. M. J. Shipp, Ass't Sec'y. . ciate the efforts of those noble ladies of the National 'BjiSpipjAjilopU without' any sympathy for u'st iri our religious views, and opposed to plural. marriage, yet bravely defended our cause of woman's rights in Utah Jmlhe rfalW of Congress. For thiFwe feel, to tender them our hearty thanks. 6th. Resolved, That everything our sisters In Salt do in memorial-izir,COlAp Cityt-ma- ing to order, and moved that Mrs. Emma Brown preside ; the motion was carried and lira. Emma Trotman was. chosen Secretary. After singing and prayer Pres. E, Brown explained the object of th meeting, and stated that as the Gentile ladies of Salt Lake City had got up a petition to abolish polygamy, we, as sisters believing in plural marriage, wish to oppose them. Many of the sisters expressed their feelings, and all felt to uphold and sustain the principle of plural marriage. The preamble and resolutions passed by the ladies at the Theatre on Nov. 16th were read and unanimously r adopted. Emma Potman, Sec'y " r ;Maryabelt 1879c-M- rs. g-J- ng , of Utah who have 18ST Mrs-Rut- of-ou- taitjlind jpraifcTtfi'doiHnelJf pliial mar. riage as revealed by God,-' our Heavenly Saints and as Father, to the Latter-daown His practiced anciently by people. 4th. Resolved, That we, the sisters in the Church of Latter-da- y Saints, do feel to ladies thank the. whodwelHn the Territory XFO N E N T. B 1 -- y, NJ S goddrejpresentatidn1 Meetirigr was called ; to order byT Tyler.: On motion; of Mrs. Eliza r Hawkins, MrsV Ruth Tyler; was called" to the chair.; Mrs. M. E. Ash-- ; ; ur-aisfe- rs M A . : Church, ofJesus Christ? of of Cedar City, in mass i- Latter-da- y Saints meeting assembled; fuljy endorse; tho preamble and resolutions passed .by. the: women of. the . Latter-da- y Saints In mass meeting assembled In Salt Lako City, NoVi 1G, 1878. The. above named and resold ' tions were then read preamble Mrs. Sarah Chat- by and terly, adoptpd. Sarah Uric, Mary Ann Annabella Lunt, Haight, Jane Spiking, ; - .. 