THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -- i "i ..J V half-grow- Editor. PzWhbcd. Bcml-mohtbl- y, ( .' . ;t. SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE its 15, 1879. 4 :,i EARLYrEDUCATJON. it: i4 lH- - 'lU the present day much la said auwrltjenl of the principles taught in early life,Ve know the earjy training has a direct bearing upon the child. Few young people, when they, enter upon their married life, realize thte: subject as tbey ought. , It is only in maturer years, when; all the, mischief has been done, ihat people' actually comprehend the truth in regard to the matter. vcDut witu tue mguereuucauon oi mis : a 1 :i i i age, ana me larger ueveiopmeui in spueies oi a. j- , L usefulness, "the trainings of the little ohes should form a most important feature And attempt to draw the line as one may, the1 re- -, eponslblHty must and does fall more heavily upon the mother. A thousand proofs' could be yet the father is not exempt, apd thould certainly use all the means in his power to make the condition of .the nioth lieY ta& jdellg Irksome; and to as her relieve far as possible,4 that occasionally, latloVof caresand fer want, of .fresh' air and , mothers there are in this free land who are per feet slaves, and so tired and weary do they become, that, they have no vigori or inspiration, to help them bear thejr weary burdens. If tbis could be remedied, if there was more real, genuine Jove and less selfishness, ho w much easier. would the routine ot woman's daily life , become-- ., . , 1 ; - y. ,7- But accepting such conditions as exist, let us go back to early education. Granted that it is the most permanent, in ita nature, then how cue ful should parents be to begin aright. The earliest impressions are indelibly engraven up. on the human heart, and the characteristics of individuals are quite as much the result of early discipline as of Inherent faculties. How many gifted children have grown up weak in all that would make them useful members of society, because they have never been (aught the necessity of application and perseverance under difficulties, consequently, they become unrellant and vacillating, often despondent, and are more or les a hindrance Instead of a help wherever thoy may be. Too much pains cannotbe taken in the home education of children. There are many little" cssona to teach them as soon as their powers begin to expand, long before they can be taugh t the alphabet, and one thing whfch is greatly neglected by paints ii the", manners of the children. Poiittnegs should fjrm an essentia! part of the early education. It is always and eveiy-whoa recommendation, and If it Is neglected in childhood, it Is very difficult to acquire after. wards; it win need some persistency of effort-a- t all events. Toll people de6lro to have their -- 1 - - - - ; . In jSalt Lake vdlty,' Utah. one Terms: One copy year, 12.00; one copy six months, 1.00. Tea copies for the "price of nine. 'Advertising &ch square, ten lines of nonpareil wtcs: pace, Tone time, f00i per .month, f3.00. A liberal discount to ' ;;: ' ;regnlarrdTcrtlier8'ii---- ' 7 Exponent Office, Lower West Boom of the CotincII Business hours House, South" - Temple 'fiticet. from 10 a.m. to 5 pan. erery flay except Sunday; , Address all business communication to ;;, ; i,' WoxAHi Exroinorx, . r. - Publisher , ,V r Bait Lake City, Utah. , !, - children instructed In. everything that will re- -. fine them;: then they must not wait until thty n before they teach tbem the sim ; aro pie rules of politene?a and initiate them into that . gracefulness nf manner that- will ' make them pleasing on all occasions,; There Is almost always a natural grace that children are born with, and" If this Is cultivated, instead of allowing them to grow into awkwardne?g through their manner of treatment, it "would render tbeni much more attractive. Politeness is a delicate subject to treat upon, but it is one that Should be studied.; It may be said the children only follow the' Jexample of the o!der ones, and this is true, but If parents want their children to become like unto polished etonesJthey must commence to "teach them early, both by example and precept. Modesty Is a quality that should be instilled into the minds of children, and it requires a vast amount of tact to. so discipline children tliat modesty will be blended with politeness, and a quiet grace bt manner, in such a way that3 they. may not be too forward or too indifferent We hear a great deal about the modesty of little" girls, but it would b$ well if this was also considered. & requisite characteristic in the training of boys. How much more charming would little boys be if they Were as carefully instructed to be modest as' girls usually are. In too many instances mothers are not so watchful over their boys as girls:' "O bo's a boy, it docs not matter so much," we have often heard, but it does matter just as much what companions he has, what his habits are, and what his behavior Is. "Oh, boys are so rude and coaree," mothers often say; well, then, don't send them out of your sight because it annoys you, and let them be thrown Into the . society of other boys wko thpng the streets ... and alleys, and who have not had the training and the love you can give your boys.but watch over them ai cautiously and be as judicious in regard to them as you are with your girls. They are just as much your e?peclal care, and if mothers would do this there would bs fewer complaints of bad boys in the streets. Children are a heritage from the Lord, in the language of Scripture, but too often in the rearing of children it is not considered, and they are suffered to grow up with very little knowledge and irregular discipline, and their little feet wander into by and forbidden paths,, and before the parents are scarcely aware of it, . evil habits are, formed that it takes efficient effort to correct. How few joung women enter upon the duties of married Ufa with mature thought upon the subject of motherhood; and yet it is the grandest, noblest and . most theme, for it lays at the very founda; : . soul-inspirin- g tion of life and happiness, and needs the highest education as well as too most favorable surroundings possible, in order to develop the best and holiest tendencies. Motherhood and its duties, with thie early training of the little ones, is a subject which women should more wisely and fully consider, for it is a vocation In which more women fail than in any other. And oh, to fall as a mother 'how terrible the consequencog. What greater encomium of prako can be conferred upon a woman than that of being a loving, tender, pfudeht and wise mother, that has reared children in tho principles, of truth, honesty iutegrity, and the fear of God? HOME AFFAIJRS. re 1 ? Burphise Party. A few sietere met at the residence of Bister Vienna Jacques on Tues- day, June 10, bringing with them a bountiful supply of good things for tho table,' to celebrat the birthday of this aged sister. Miss Vienna years of age on that Jacques was ninety-twday. The company eDjoyed themselves ia conversaUonJin4lreading,and as Sister Jacques is weir versed in the early history of the for their benefit many Church, incidents that were interesting. She read them a letter of four pages written to lier by . 7 the Prophet Joseph. o sheT-ehearse- d The Relief Society Young Ladies Conference of this Stake of Zion will be held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms Friday and Saturday, June 20 and 21, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. on Friday. It is hoped the ssisters will be punctual in attendinr, as there are several subjects of importance to lay before them. An invitation is cordially extended by the ladies to the brethren, to President John Taylor and the Apostles,to'Bi8hop Hunter and his counselors, to Pres. Angus M. Cannon and Counselors, and to Bishops of wards, hoping that some of them will find time to attend-Thand- - e Primary Associations will be expected to send reports to this Conference. . Max Etkakosch's opera has visited Salt Lake and given two performances, Saturday and Monday, evenings, June 7 and 9. Litta, and Anna Louise Cary, with their fine, rich voices were the great attraction. People went to see and hear these celebrated singers, whose fine musical talents have made them famous. On each occasion enly parts of operas were given, which was simply absurd, for there is not a place of its tizs in the world where the finest music is .better appreciated than in thJs city. The mad scene from "Lucia" was exquisitely rendered on Monday evening by Litta. Indeed, both ladies have charming voices. There should, however, have been a full orchestra and an entire opera to satisfy the audience. Madame Brolowky's lecture in the Inde pendence Hall on Sunday evening, June 8, was well attended. Her subject was Russia, Poland and the Siberian exile, with personal reminis-enceIt was interesting throughout, and some parts were humorous, which added to the entertainment. Her foreign accent was appropriate to the subject and made one feel more impressed with the sketches she drew of the people of those countries. By request of the lady, " America7' was sung at the close of the lecture, and on motion of Prof. Benner the lady was invited to speak again at the same p'ace. She announced as her subject The Cossacks and her own personal experiences. We have had the pleasure of receiving one or two calls from Madame Brolowky, and found her extremely entertaining. in conversation on all general subjects, bnt more especially upon medicine and aratomy, which are her favorite themes, j The lady graduated in these ec'.encea at Zjrich in Switzerland. s. The Quarterly .Conference of the Y. M. and Y. L. Improvement Associations was held in the Farmington Meeting House, Sunday, It May. 18, commencing at 10 o'clock a. both" Asa officers of wai conjoint meeting the sociations occupying the stand. The reports from various branches were very creditable, and indicated that rapid improvement'is being made among the young people of both sexes. One thing nutlceableand very gratlfyingls the efforts they are making to secure libraries of good and useful books ' Excellent and entertaining addresses were given In a pleasing manner by Pres. Roberts, Eld r Wm. S. Burton Territorial Pres. J. F. lb, and others. Pres. Wm. Smith epoke very strongly upon 4he Importance of EervingQod, and Counselor 