each other in elaborate ornamentation. Everything that is necessary for physical comfort can be obtained on reasonable terms. Jennings and, Teasdel are not behind in recommending their goods, by displaying them in a tasteful and artistic fashion, and altogether the merchants, shopkeepers, milliners, bakers? butchers, and other tradespeople are doing their utmost to assist in making the holidays n success. James Dwyer, Esq , the' genial, brisk and enterprising book merchant of Salt Lake City, has an extensive and elegant stock of Christmas and Holiday goods, suitable for, all ages and the great variety of tastes of different people. The dolls find dishes, of which the little folks are eo fond, are there in every size and quality. Toys for girls, toys for bos, whips, wagons, carts, horses, and all the numerous paraphernalia of the nursery and play room, can be obtained at "Dwyer'e Store." Books of all kinds, history, poetry, romance, prose on all subjects, and fairy tales. Children's books, edited by the best writers suitable for Christmas and New Year's presents. Looking over the large and beautiful assortment, one could not help thinkiDg what havoc Santa Claus would toon make in the establishment, for our reauers nrast Know mat Ban ta Claus revels in places of this Borland we trust that if Dwyer's shelves are emptied by the many Banta Claus his till will be correspondingly filled. The Belief Society, You ng Ladies' and Primary Aesoctaliols of this County will hold their Annual Conference in the 14th Ward Assembly Booms Friday and Saturday, 19th and 0th of this present month. Those interested in theee Associations are cordially invited. Will Secretaries please report immediately, and direct - , -to this office? Mrs. M. I. Home requests us to inform the presidents and officers of Belief Societies that cloththey are desired to furnish second-han- d ing, or quilts, for the LamaDites, especially the squaws. The weather is very cold and many are suffering for some covering to protect well-know- n i ; them. In the comiDg Conference some deiiite instruction will be given on this subject ' . WOMEN'S MEETINGS. Sisters Eliza B. Snow and Jane S. Bichards have been making a tour through Weber Co., holding meetings In the different fettlements. Tuesday, Dec. 4, at North Ogden; Wednesday the appointments were not filled, on account of the bad state of the roads. Thursday afternoon the City Hall In Ogden was actually packed with sisters and a few brethren. Fri- day they visited Slaterville, and held meetings there; Saturday went to Plain City, Sunday afternoon in Biverdale,, Monday at Huntsville, Tuesday in Eden. The sisters' Conference1 in that Stake of ZIon will be heid on the 18th and 19th of this month. The sisters who travet in the interest of the organizations of women and the Primaries are doirjg effective work, and are a powerful lever for good. Sisters S. M. Kimball and S. M. Hey wood attended the sister' Conference of Tooele Stake, which was held Friday and Saturday in G rants ville. The Box Elder Stake Conference of Belief Society, You eg Ladle' and Piimary Associations was held in Brlgham City on the 0,th and 10th of this month. We acknowledge our thanks for the kind invitation extended. us to attend these Conferences, and. should; certainly have accepted, if circumstances had not prevented, Itjs very pleasant tq be remem' bered by ono's friends. parted, may bo not only as good a man In all generalities, but that he inay be aarBtrqng en the question of equal rights t:and privileges, regardless of sex.; OBITUABY.' Died, in the 9th Ward of this city, October 18, 1879, of congestion of the lungs and brain, Ann Earl Snedaker, wife of Morris Snedaker, and daughter of Jesse and Janetto Earl, bora '- - DEATH OF ELbE in Senaca, Ontario Co., New York, Ft b. 22, 1818. In 1839, deceased moved to Kalamazoo, Mich.,: where, in 1843; ehe became a member of the Church: In 1847 she emigrated tq Utah; driving an ox team the , entire route. Since her connection with the Church, Sister Sned-akhas passed ' through many severe trials, but has ever manifested a devotion to the religious cause which she espoused, sacrificing, when necessary, alt personal Interests to comply with the requirements of the Gospel. She has taken an active part in the Belief Society of the ward from its organization in "68, and during the last fire years of her life has acted ss Superintendent of the Young Ladies' At which position she filled with dignity, gaining, by her good teachings, kind and exemplary conduct, the love and esteem of the members of 'the Association. Her kindness to the sick and indigent won for h er many fi lends, in whose hearts the memory of Sister Snedaker will never die. In fact, she was a true Latter day Saint, a friend to God and humanity. l CLAxN. Elder William Clay ton , an pld an d respecte d citizen of Salt! Lake, and a maxwell Saints, widely known among! the , latter-day- . er , e. w. U4 - Elder Albert P. Bockweod, one of the First Seven Presidents' of the Seventies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints, departed this life at 4:35 A. M., Nov. 26, at his residence, Sugar House Ward. His aliment was a disease of the luugs, from which he had been confined to his'bed for the past three weeks. He was born June 5, 1805, in HoIIls-lo- n, Mass ; joined the Church In 1833, went through the persecutions endured in Missouri and elsewhere, and was steadfast and foremost In every good work. He was one of the pioneers of Utah in 1847, and since then has bee a a prominent member of the Church and a man of integrity, position and Influence in the community. He served in the first Legislature of Utah, has been a member of the came body ever since, and was elected, for the approaching session, this winter. He was the pioneer fish commissioner of the Territory, also, and one of the directors of the Deseret Agricultural and Manufacturing Society. In tact, through ij career, he has held high and responsible positions with honor to, himself and benefit to the community in which he has sp long resided, A good man has gone to rest after a long Ufa of usefulness. He died, peacefully, surrounded by his family and friends, and previous to his death, shook hands with and bade them all good bye. i We sincerely sympathize with the bereaved family in their heavy loss. . Elder Bock wood's funeral services were held in the 12th Ward Assembly Booms, near his ; ' UV&- - MXU BU- l- Zk rs-unlQa- former' residence, on Saturday," Nov. 29, at 1 o'clock P. M and were numerously attended,; ' ucvcucu "The Beaurrection' Hymnwaspa'theUcally sung by the' choir, the f ceogregation .Joining them, making it aji the more solemn and affecting. "Peace to his , ashW' Ha h to meet his belovefrf end epl?, arjd there Is no doubt, a..happy rejoicing with tbem. ". r. .. y: Deseret News. ' kUB . al-h- f r Ul j Many testimonies were given, by the brethren who spoke, of his blameless life, his solid worth as a pioneer; as aif . enterprising cltiz ja, - -arfl ar " a Christian;' ' Brother Iockwpod was a positive 'and unflinching friend to the cause of woman suffrage and to woman'A.advancement generally; and by his death theomen of this Territory have lost one of the strongest advocates on all ques--' tions relating to their interests. ''It is devoutly to be hoped" that the! Member who shall be elected to fill the position in the Legislative. ember de-- J Body occupied by tlje Uonprable naiviu U1UUW9 feringfrom an attack hf dropsy. Yesterday he was reported about the same, and although his condition was not so promising as it had been, it was not supposed that his end was so? hear. Brother Clayton was W native ' of England,-anwas born July 17, 18 14.5- - He embraced (he Gospel at an early day, and was an intimate asso-cio-te and a tried and trusted friend of the Prophet Joseph, to whomft for many years, up to the time of the latters martyrdom, he ajcted as private Secretary. While In this capacity, he tranr cribed the revelation, on Celestial Mar riage, and many others, under the prophet's dictation and direction, V From that day, to this he has been with the piurcli', ahci held various oifices of puio' tfusi: aiid responslbllitia thT community. f jtie was lot seTerai years treasurer of Z. C M. I., for many. .years Territorial Becorder of marks and brands, and up to few months ago, when he' resigned his office on account of sickneas, Territorial Auditor of Publio Atvu 41 VS: JU.O TTB9 iUUl UL BLcrillllT IIUCirniT. remarkable ability, a faithful Latter-da- y Saint, and a good and useful citizen, whose death, though a happy relief from his aufferingspwill b felt deeply by hosts of personal friends. We extend our sincere condolence to the beraaved family in this, their hour of afillction. Dtseret News, Dec. 4. The Funeral Servieea of Elder Clayton were held in the 17th Ward Assembly Booms Bun-da- y moxningi Dee-- Z. : There was a very crowded house, and hundreds of people were outside who could not obtain 'standing, room;! Elder Joseph F. Smith made the opening addres;and commenced by reading an affidavit signed and authenticated by the .deceased in' regard to his connection withHratiscrU)lDg the'rerelatlon on Plural Marriage. Intereetlng and cohsolinp remarks were made by Judge Ellas Smith, Coun. D. H; Wells and President John Taylor. The y nm composed !jby Brolplay ton, caUed HON; A. P. BOCKWOOD DEAD. s j -- so-ciati- on. . closely associated, died 'suddenly thla afternoon, at 20 minutes to o'clofi, wbjle be was lnthe act of partaking of hia dinntr. About five minutes previous, . he was conversing with his aged friend and neighbor, Dr. J. M. BernhUel. ... - Bev. . . : r Ana Oliver,, pastor la Brooklyn, v u-j- -- is r. doin N-Yv of, fa church a gbpd yrotk f amng her people in, pabllcjan Tho church Is Increasing In numbersprivate. Respite opposition.:an4 difncultca.;. flho , recently preached a fino sermon from tne text, Ho answered; nothing,'? showing the" dimity , iler sermons and, beauty of arpeminenUy practical, and dollyored with grace and power.-oma- rrs jqurpii. I self-contr-ol. . . Gueat thouhts;.prl2ioat0 from A largo " heart F, W, Robertson. - 