notion that glrfa are Inferior to' boys InIti- tellectnai makers. They also show that tho equality has .been recognized. The clear stage and nq favor hare been granted, and there Is the result Girls , and boys stand on the, same ci&ss list; and learned ladies have to be, accepted as realities. Why not? ThJtt ; washat the Archbishop wanted to kno Wrrwiynot ? t, For the last nine years.: the experiment of admitting girls to these examinations nas been tried and found to answer admirably. The Archbishop was land in hln Dralso of this eaualltv. Then ho. heron his arrressive work. He was r afraid, he caid,' that some prejudice still existed in the (Country, against learned ladies; 11 - J. - . i : , . Vll the better. Some people, ?aid the Primate, stilt hold tho. notion that learned women - Z t.-.- ll 4. A- wore not, feminine. f.JXUi own fliperJenco, he added, was that some of the most igno- rant women were the least feminine of those with whom he was acquainted. We oan wen oeueve inav, nis urace was nere thinking of one, whose many talents and acquirements formed the subject of that . pleasant book ,to which we recently adverted, and that his :happy association with her , had enabled him to peaka3 h did to those girls some words of encouragement in their intellectual pursuits. It was, he said, of great importance, that a properdirection should be given; to the studies' of young girls at that ..period of life wen they THisi&A out of i tho i schoolroom. : ... That has been 'done; and the Archbishop's appreciation of the fact was hearty. Bat in one particular. we. are inclined to thiok be underrates the steps that haye been gained. Passing, on. from intellectual to physical education, hoi said that It was a . nleasant . -- . ; : . . . . . and football 'in Battersea Park and In other open places on summer uveniugs;- - but he was .afraid we had scarcely arrived at a suf. flclen Uy high degree of civilization to provide 'suitable and healthy recreation for female candidates. "Is thll so? We certainly do not find ladies Joining cricket or football clubs; nor Is it desirable that they should do so. But surely croquet and lawn-tennmark something like epochs in the .1.11 l. aA. ' o- ' ouuuw J recreation ior I.JIi. lauies. nisioiy feeble We remember when a certain game called "La Grace," which consisted of catching' a hoop on two sticks; proved really the only available oierciso for girls; and when school1 calisthenics turned; out very limp the different yddng ladies Indeed; and have set baths gymnasiums, swimming i times for l&dles; drilling takes place in nearly all schools; and altogether we do not believe wo' are 'so far behind In these matters as ' the Archbishop of Canterbury . A . " ! ' in iaci, wo Bnaii so. ' : allTespectsP-Suts-ex .' i :V - ORNA. . , .. - . - 'r GOODS, . , if Plain Centre Shawls, Fine Grey, 2ed and White Yam Plain Grey Flannel, Check Waterproof, Mottled Blanket' Shoulder Shtwls, Ked Twillpd Flannel. Fine White nan-n- l. Etc. Making our Stock nf Woolen Oooda Com. waai m - Palace Fashion, m.mmm.i.'m - ijip.. East Temple Street, JVb. 17 LIRS. C. E. DYE Desires the ladies of Salt Lake and those visiting Conference to call at her show rooms and see her of MILL IN ERY- The latest and most stylish mbdeJof Hats and Bonnets in 8traw, Felt and Vel et. Also a selection in Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and nie Ribbons In the lateet shades and stripes- Country dealers please calL Ladies' Hair work in all it brattehee. Good work guaranteed. . - - z. or h. i. Wholesale and Retail Dealing In all kinds of DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, GLASS AND QUjEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMNETS, &c. was chosen Christian Women's of National the president 32. WiT.t.A.Ti Temperance Union, at the last annual meeting in Indianapolis. Mrs. Annfe Witten-meyewas made an the retiring president,' ' ' :'v ",; honorary member.5 AT TEASDEL'S SALT. LAKE CITY. Special departments for Gent's and Carpets, Ladies and Children'Clothing Shoes, Dry Goods, Shawls and Dome&tics, Hardware Groceries, and Stoves. of all CLASES DRIED FRUITS Miss Mxby Emory, of Belief ontaine, O., last election day went out with her own horse and wagon, and drove Republican voters to the polls. A number of young Republicans manifested their appreciation of her services by presenting her with a handsome toilet set in the evening.;. WANTED, FRENCH HAIR STORE. . Ladies are requested to call and examine the "most complete assortment of Curls, Braids, Switches, Etc at Reduced Prices. .. . All kinds of Hair Work inade up In the mest Artistic style. Oaah paid for Human Hair and Combings. JOSEPHINE GREGORY, Bait Lake City. 57 Kimball Block. . '' - mm smi mi ROrJMIIA. B. PRATT, rnnciciArj . AtJD cunacoiJ, OFFICB-- Up stlars, in Old CbnsUtntlon Build.'ng, Besidence six blocks east of Post .Office, sooth side of street. Bpeclal study has been glvin to Obstetricsi diseases of eeiT-setti- nc ,! ;' DE ... .;SaiiIisDkeJCilT4 ... d - HOLIE-STiL- For Sale at the Old Constitution Buliding, ... n, valuable xsoilectlon of costly relics, many of them In gold, beautiful specimens of Greek art, found In ; some of the tombs In the neighbourhood ot Kertch;?! Among the choicest are the laurel J eaves of the finest gold which adorned the victor's brow With J NEW n, to b rich in antiquities, notwithstanding the explorations and piunderlngs that have taken place by Huns; Tartars, and Cossacks I, oaring nunareas of years. : in this city the Hermitage contains a' very interesting and I . ; . f ' women. - Writing from St.Petersburg,a correspondent remarks. The Chersnneaoj appears still - dicafciafsat her residence in the bc,r iHaSr0p?ned Ward, two blocks and: a half east ef the Post Office 'Vy opposite the Presby terian Church? 01 1 streef; Special attention given to Obstetrics, and diseases of TF not you should do r6 at once, and cxamin tho New JLt Jdea in 6rinx.Machin8 Conatrnctlon. The- Hen Machine is elerant in appearance and admirable in opera-tlorunt ri7 and withontany not asd confu-iloalthough the rate of speed la. very high- - .Its nd fehuttle and absence of and coffS renders it both simple and durable. Be sprinrs sorelb see it, Xoriu general adran taxes irlll make you lu friend. : OF AKCIENTi HENTS. DISCOVERY LIRS. ELLIS R. SHIPP, : ;- t."$ HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEW of equality in almost Dally Times. n the country promptly respdnped Addras, David Jamti.Eox S06, Scat Lake City. . Degin to think' soon that we have attained a pretty satlsfactory-condltlo- Pnmpe nepalred on abort notice. . JMTOrders from - , Steam Fitter RUHSETS XELEBRATH) UFT URD FORCE PUEPS. school-teache- : la-suppo- r & AGESTJOB r of Kittitas Hiss Yocum, a a has land claim taken up Valley, Oregon, fenced it, built a house and this year raised 612 bushels of grain, besides teaching her schooL She says she does not mean to marry untii she can support a husband. ow, appears Tinner, Gas, Water r, is . . MisarAnoi8 . (Successor to Mitchell A Jaiocs,) ; : . dther objects'cafrylng the observer back nto life of the period. In the the every-d- ay tomb of a woman were iound thevery box of vermillion and the stencil wltii which the owner added to her charms some 2,000 years ago,her household gods" buried with her, and now unburied, shewing that the customs of the fair sex 20 centuries past wereidentical with i modern times iu the matter, qf outward adornments. , s From an account published in the Journal de St Petersburg, it appears that valuable trea- -i eures areyet to be obtained in this rich field of antiquities, as will be seen from the details of every costly gold ornaments that i have jast been: discovered by the fortunate director 'of tho Kertch Museum. He found, in tho early part of September,, near iho road be two en Temruk and the station of Sennaia, a t tomb of the third century, before the Christian era, in the reign of Persidas iJL (?), King of the Bosphorus. The tomb must have been that of a highly-bo- rn damseL It was found to contain a gold collar of.t he thickness of an ordinary lead pencil in one piece, ornamented with a lion's head at each end; a gold crown, an inch wide, the outer part formed of rings linked together and ornament with fine stones, in the center is a swan, with Cupid on Its wings? gold earrings with two pomegranates- a very heavy chain; earrings of very fine workmanship; two bracelets of very heavy work; a round gold brooch and pin representing Venus holding Cupid In her arms; four gold leaves; a pearl collar with clasp; amulets;. .three very small gold rings; a silver flagon; a silver lachrymatory; a silver vase; cup; silver spoon; remains of a tooth of the young girl. silver articles;-anSusex Daily Times. DISEASES of tio EYE AliTD EAB Victor Sewing Uachina Co,, Chicago, III. J31: O. If. niGU 9. Affeitt, MaJt Lake Vlty. liit'J ' ... ! - DI1TWQOII): ' wnoosixiijrnBruiiDriLiRTir ' FURNITURE F. , AUERBACH &: BROTHER, 55 East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. Fire fcandred pieces of Dress Goods, Embroideries, Tte,XJuir UJLfP niJI Roch-ISZ- lJ Oloree, Trimmings, Ladies Colhtrt, 100 Cartoonsof RibbonaT 8tock ln tha West-- Notions, yy11 Sf .,.... ' FoatEors Wall; IPaper - . AND ' ' :' C &RRI&Q E8. 75,77 &79 First South St, , Bait LakfiOi BABY 