Alio October 8tb,lS79, Annie Carlson J eoson-. a Dative of S widen, born February 25th, 181k Bister J enson embraced the Gospel In 1863i and came to Utah In 1869. - 8he was a fteacher in the Peda Relief Society from Jts first organ- iz&tion up to her death, attending Jo her duties by all. faithfully, and She died In, full faith and fellowship, in the --t- h ; j ; - , t and-fo: Gospel, and ieayes a ioylnliusband children to mourn, her Bisters Wright and Jorgenson were also faith- - , ful members of the Belief Society, of Peoa, and t , were respected by all who kDew them. ur jo-irjp- 'B. S. BEFOETS. v Tho BeUef 'Sdciety of Bennington, Idaho, -- was organized May 22d, 1879; .Sister Margaret Van Orman was chosen for President, then addressed the mothers and the young folks; his 1 address was most excellent. In ; fact, it was a feast for us, all to listen to Tthe: kind and able remarks given by him The Bishop and his coun. and the sisters.' selors have our thanks, as they contributed to make the stay of our sisters and friends pleasant, and we shall long remember the : : happy time;- - Wot do Elder ' FlRsi WARD. i'. bofbrgottenand pot-wishif- to -- ; -- dom. of God. ; Martha Busdnbark Counselors;5Julia Elizabeth Ence, President. Cynthia "Durphyreasurer." enSecretary; Mary Andelme, ) Counselors Our Society numbers ' fourteen members Buth Hey ward, j and officers. We are only a few in number, but we ar0 try Ing to do what we can towards; helping to build up the kingdom of God. CHABACTEB EIGHTH. for : We hold our" meetings the purpose of performing our religious du-- . BY HANNAli Kima. ties and doing what work wo can. Our meetings are small, there being onlyani The"Tout ensemble" is elegant.the figure average attendance of seven, hut the sisters Jndica- are united, and eel willing to do all they I tall, supple and gracefuI-aitogethtive of the inner man,' remarkably verify-- i can to help in this great work. We intend, now to donate some to the Logan Temple. ing the aphorism that "the spirit makes the form." The triune national characterWe are trying to, carry out the counsel given? istics appear forcibly in this character, and to store up grain; we have a few bushels and are striving to jincrease iir:: His mlrid also or have a;Sharo in the little storC; We ir the highest "order, nothing low, p or and ville some property sensual; dwells there; and though ico- nStore, Dewey In the Treasury.! ;f We take the Exponent i'3tahtly moving in a radius orworldllhess, It seems ever "a thing apart1' from tho at-- " in out Soeietywhich is Jreadjcvlth much Interest by the sisters t mosphero In which his heart and brainlro volvo. We were favored with a visit from Miss The head denotes a temple for s Eliza B. Snow, of Salt Lake City, and Mrs, meditation, the forehead massive, denoting Harriet and Mary Snow and Mrsv Susanna powery the hair light, complexion fair, eyos blue Booth, of Brlgham City. ;: We (leldra. short hbsejsiraigkr, mouth : rather large, teeth flne a countenance that meeting Aug. 12; the ladies eanh . occupied a short; time in speaking, encouraging the will bear looking at; The expression, witha ai t j iioravs tn hn ruiihfni out qualification, good; that of the eyes ings, and be diligent as mothers in teachand that earnest, gentle'and the children true , Infuse no God ing fear of miscon-- r repel not; they principles. May mom ana oiess structlbn, so wo feetf'at7 home" at once; In prolong their: lives, is the oi your sister, r ;;:tliem we see candor, purity, generosity and vJrrnA M. BowENSec'y humility in , flner that ' touch . of naturo which makes the whole world kini' ; Man. SNOWVIITTR. : . ners genUe, apprehensive, hasty and huri President Harriet Show and party .visited ried, which the friction of cohventlonalisnl us on Oct. 18; we felt well to receive them; WOUld SOOn Wear off. and nnffshnin jrTflti ,xuc,y .uiiu over ounaay-an- a then proceed-ed,t- o ueais; xmnu upen io conviction, anu reaay Park .Valley, fbrty.fi ve iniics 'W'est; tobeset right when erring, possessing no and on the: 22d they; returnedimd held small pride, that will not bend to more ma,meeungjwith the sister a ture experience than I fcs own- - The characbrethren werD also present ter is most methodical; if order Is not dein the f moTntnfif.Ti.iTho veloped on that cranium, phrenology Is no dressed by: PresidentrHarriot SnowVnndV Science I more decision : and firmness than jaisier jb. iaaasen.?tfi j3 are usually found n fair pomplexlons; Dow- -. ? y, er ? - , hedaims-progeniturefjtjm- d ach Co-b- . ; amd-penetratin- - w " f. ... spirit-thrlllin- g, I ryer , - j 4 and-chlldf- '?n?.?f.1f A: . en; .tntn! ' , H;:: Alas! If wo othorealizo too much, wo como unfit for the matter duties of we must SbdltvUIaKdlS-t7," ilife; but7soar De and and and Btael, martine, Young; and other beloved Shakespeare, Immortals, - have done their best to lend us winga? that t - nm i LiT 4 rf nfm tt. . Tl - fit . 1 i they have? carried me off from., my character! No, they. cannot do that, it Is so mixed I up with them, that If I speak of one I ro- member the other, and though our names! appear not on the earthly scroll on which theirs are; emblazoned, we are of the same kith and kin, because we love and appre- elate them; and in the grand eternities shall surely meet them. . This character. is firm and fa ith ful in i t3 attachnnents-I- n friendship devoted, and honoratle; eyento : a romance; change of 1 ': creedlor circumstance may wound, may . startle, may cause it . to mourn, but it settles back loyally to its plighted troth, as tho needle to the pole. V Its cuplof lifo has been mixed with the bitterness of deatheven in early manhood it was called upon to drink the draught that separates the loving on this earth. It plighted eternal faith to the memory of the departed, and its life has ratified the vow. It worships God as the Giver of all good, and bows resignedly, to His decrees, and to such" He gives tho silent unction of His Spirit, and bears them over the dark chasms and the deep waters of this sublunary scene Falthfulest 'of frleudsr, Iileave,-yoIn the Eternal Arm3. -- u - r - Character - j i " ' of-fac- . C. Dewey; officers as follows ;; Sarah Ann on-han- It current!" 7 repre-Rentin- The. sisters here were organized into ' a Belief Society Feb.;16, 1879, by Bishop J. semi-monthl- y . Co. Darphy''Iesident'r:'EUexi6rA !Bowen and i therefore will endeavor to giVe ; a short I sketch bf our progress in this Ward, r-- Al. ; j g though! we have beena backward in ourselves, we are in a thriving, condition; I believe all are trying to do their duty as Saints of God The teachers visit regularly, and their reports are generally . favorable. Qur meetings are wellaUi rided, and we feel a desire to press onward In the good work in which we are engaged.'. The members are united in their efforts to do good, and we feel like improving Intellcc-- ; tually as well as spiritually. Hoping wo y may Individually and as a Society add : our influence and unite in building up the king- ; Box ". ' ; GooDLiprE, Sec'y. f ; Dams, ' ": y',.-rry- BlCHFIEIiip, : ly,. i ; . Sisters Catherine Wright, and Sarah Lindsay, Counselors, Sarah ? PaikervSocretary ' and Mary Hunter; Treasurer. Our Society numbers thirty-fiv- e members, v Our meetandloDside ings are tield , of . time relapsed since" ing the short space our organization, we are progressing favor- -, ably; the sisters are liberal in TempleIona-tion- s and those needed ior other purposes. A gehyeral good feeling prevails, and a desire is manifest to aid the cause of truth! V . Praying God to bless you, Sabah Paekeb, Sec'y. . Beaver tellectual enjoyment; with a good discrimination and j udgment la such matters. A' xiiuv4 lunjr -- tupauie oi appreciating ine mental magnates oftho present , day, and those , of a past age; jpossesging:, a lovof A, beauty, whether in the tree, tho flowor, or 5the human face divine." All Tpuretand : rightly, constructed minds possess this, es 11 peciaJlwhen cultivated and refined, ahdl1 enables them to worship the God of nature . s til 1 At "A ir !i il:" uqueraiaiia-infilL g; myiiu iuo epuLi uuu wiiu mo and thro'ugh' my "niaglcglass" T per- - 1 ceive this soul Is charged with as little dross as is usually mixed up in human compounds that said compound requires a portion of auoyr to pear the wear anu tear or, this work-a-daworld. "Gold too highly re- fined will not hear tho stamp that tenders : ; seml-moiath- strictly conscientious and activeiu tho busi. afternoon President, Snow prgan ized the Young Ladies'; Mutual : Improve", :: I ment Association ; also . a Primary Associa- tion. After which Sister Abigail Bosen- -, baum addressedthex meeting in a spirited.T; and energetic manner, calculated to make a lasting Impression upon those who heard J Ji her;i Pres. Mary Goodliffe then addressed thelmeeting in her Interesting way and ! represented the Belief Society of this place in a good condition. '9- Elder P. F. Madsen , . Nikth. vj-- rr- - The character of a noble building Is gen- erally Indicated by its portico, pr grand entrance; so Is a human character frequently defined by the external appearance where nature has had full play, and untoward circumstances have not intervened to prevent-I- t; .occupation, association,: or want of pro-- 1 per training.,may In some cases impair; the external appearance, and then character is not so apparent, but when law merges Into order, tho spirit will decidedly mako tho - ' 'JiJL..""-'-'form. r The personal appearance of my present character is, I bolieve truly indicative of. the principal features of the same; figure tall and well proportioned it is sald.with truth-th- at "proportion is, beauty." hence s. character can lay claim to its quantum 8 f that attraction. Let us delineate it some- whattbat it Is a star of great magnitude in my heart's hemisphere, a noble epecl-me- n of humanity both physicaUy and men-:- : Httally, morally and sodajly;. he ktoqd a tie under six feet, the finely foimeChead, .that -- temple of thought;! was fitly placed upon a finely moulded neck and: shoulders : ; ; -- 