 - ' ' ' : f : M"P"""l""'lg"IM'''',"""M:' tragedy should be "read with tho picture in view. He advocated a dletectic reform from a strange conviction that abstiarid tho ADDRESS BISHOP EDWARD HUNTER. Bishop of Bkbope! We would humbly now, honor A wreath of twine around your brow. Lot honor be to him whom honor's due This, worthy veteran, we concede to you. Long1 haye you served, and served in righteousness Lonsr have you labored, and in faithfulness. Like a tail sturdy forest oak youVe stood, Conf rontingr evil and promoting good. When persecution, scathlnr vollies Bent, You braved the storms, unshaken and unbent. Ond of God's nobles, you have truly proved. An honest man in every sphere you've moved ; Honest and true to every sacred trust, Tiutbful in word, and in your dealings just. The generations yet to come will tell, You made your record and you made it well. The path of duty carefully you've trod True to yourself, the Priesthood and to God. We record bear in many a trying hour Your cheering words have added strength and power: To woman's efforts when our duties led, O'er human need?, beniflcence to shed. To clothe the naked, and the hungry feed, And in broad fields of usefulness to lead. I'ouVe marked ojr labors and have underslotxl Our work 13 arduous and our "motives good. Your kind, appreciative influence To uj has been a standing recompense. In Zion'a cause you've labored long and hard; By faith and works have earned a rich reward, And hold, by legal claim, a Deed of Trust Due in the resurrection of the just. Though ripe in years and ripe in usefulness, God grant you length en'd life and happiness. And health and strength by day, and nightly rest Live, and in blessiog others, be thou blest. When in the flesh your work U fully done Your battles fought and alt your vict'ries won, In cloudless glory may your settlag sun Go down in peace. . E. It. Snow THOUGHTS ON THE POETS. BY nANNAn T. KING. Crabbe I havo not much to say about him. But he was esteemed by Burke, and from his first interview with that generous man his.. prosperity dates. I leave him in . ,1 T ,1 1 III t j;uou HUUU3 wueii i leuvu iiiin Willi liurKe, and pass to Shelly. Had his rich, rare and beautiful mind been anchored on "the rock of ages" could ho have been a disciple of the Divine Founder of universal love and charity, which he made the basis of hi3 Indeed would he havo been teachings-the- n a planet in the poetical hemisphere but alas! he worshipped an ignus fatuusof his own loving and beautiful mind, which a goodly vessel tossed on the rough water of a tempestuous ocean without chart wrwh-aror rnmnass nml - 1 .u sn wa .wu.wv. rr in ii w t .i SI 7 lnaf frl Vila Mfa iraa nna v .- J , 1 , n uuuiI. uuu luye, uuu suca auui, una inougn the road they stumble, over is dark, and thorny. His tragedy of "Tho Cenci" has been highly applauded for.ihe tact and re1 V, 1 re-somb- led , l Tni . . X finement with which ho treated so horrible a subject A celebrated authority has said, "When I beheld the passive coolness of Beatrice in the "Barbarian Palace," it seemed tho painter had explained tho Ideal of his story. But the Poet Shelly has surrounded it with an Interest surpassing tho "Sinner's' 'Art,' . 7""" .,; " r . ... ' 18 nence from spirituous liquors and animal food, A'ould do much to renovate the human race. Upon this idea his own habits wero based he could not believe In the Christianity of the day, and hence much of his young life was poisoned by the crudest persecution he ever carried a pocket Bible, about his person. Ho was drowned with a friend in a squall off;the Gulf of Spezzia and a Bible was found in hi pocket Tho bodies were afterwards burned according to Shelly's request to his friend Byron to seo that it was done, should ho be the survivor. Leigh Hunt Association with its thousand whisperings, hang around this poet, consequently he is a favorite who that has sipped from his "Jar of Honey, from Mount Hybla" can ever forget him? His father was descended from a line of West India gentlemen, and his mother from a Pennsyl. vania Quaker; both of his parents wero in. tellectually disposed, and his mother "was partly won by her lover's fine readings of the English Poets, which the son truly describes as a "noble kind; of courtship.' His parents wero poor, and his early days wero His passed in family embarrassments. mother was a lover of books and nature, and she encouraged her son's poetic and liter, ary tendency; she treasured his early rhymes, and carried them about her person, showing them to her friends. What an influence this must have had oa the post's early life, In confirming his devotion of truth, his love of beauty, his superiority to tho world's idols! The discerning heart to the mother applauded the juvenile efforts of the son, and fo3tered by her approving love that germ which coldness and apathy have " so often destroyed. Ono, word of scorn from revered lips has a weight and a power that has colored' many an after life, and turned into darkness the clear and beautiful stream of the s6ul! mothers noto this and apply it! The habit of thinking for himself was a blessing he inherited from his par-eaHe and his brother were the joint proprietors of the 'Examiner" and were prosecuted for a libel on the Prince Kegent. They would not allow their parents to pay tho fine adjudged, and therefore they went to prison. He was in poor health at the time, but ho managed to fit up his room charmingly, anange a garden, read and make verses, and receivo visits from his friends. One might4aimost envy him when we think of the raro spirits that brightened his coufiueraent andf brought a glorious feeling to his better nature.. At the close 'of one of his letters to Byron after his release, he reverts to, the kind surprise, he and others gave him, and closes by saying: i that frank surprise when Moore and you came to my cage like warblers, kind and true, and told me with your arts of cordial crying how,weil I looked although you thought me dying." His ablest production Is "Rimini,'' and through all his writ ings he exhibits a liberal .and candid mind and heart. His influence is genial and ; ; always refreshing. i( Three thousand copies of Byron's Byron. aro sold poems annually. "My dear sir," Lf ts . ? - ' '. ' t. '' , J - "f, .' , 0.1' SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH, JULY 1, 1879. Vol 8. TO ' No. & m said Dr, Johnson J "clearyour mind of cant" This process Is essential to a right appreciation of Byron. No oho' oyer more completely "wore his heart upon hla sleeve' and no heart wa3 over more thoroughly pecked at by tho daws; ' The same frank, ness and freedom that marked his, life, are evident in his productions, and those who whine about the danger in reading By rion, I should fear o trust amid the moral exposure of their surroundings. There can scarce- " more moral then ''Moore's'LIfe of Byron." There wo seo the strugglo of a gifted spirit, between good and evil. There aro many minute strings that form the chords of a beautiful, instrument, and all these must be drawn only to a proper tension, to render the wfiole harmonious. Byron was one of those finely organized beings, possessing ill the material for forming one of the best, and ndbtest'or Human characters. But alas! ho fell into the hands of a weak, igttora'rit,; su rjeritittoiil., jfcqtHerj. 7 withouTan bne " irdlcloas Infl doncewho ' onoiriomen t j would effeminate him with her foolish fondness and tho next spurp him as 'a lame brat." These small but cruli wordmust have sa.nk.deep' Into.sachdysbulaV Ho possessed, even as a child; indeed, they aro said to have prOdiiced, years after; that powerful drama, "ThO Reformed1 Transformed." And did sho hot, by" such ' passionate treatment! lay tho foundation of tho bitterness . displayed " ocsionaliy 7 in; His - un 'such'n1 exquisitely sensitive temperameht wire Sufficient after life? Yes," they j to convert the vory atringfif of life! into tho 1 "waters of-Mara- what might not h," Havo been, had he fallen Into' fhe atmbsphere of an enlighleiied, affectionate1 but decidedl character,6ne who wotidt;not Have at teihpt-e- d to crush his volcanic nature, Hut have taught him to hold In his impetuous'; pas. slons with tW6 reins of reason and religion. With suph a heart af he is aUoe'dby all who kne w him to? HaVe ; pbsseised 1 Iti eh lid . hood and youtH, so f warm, so , generous, so expansive and so exquisitely . devotional, would he not In judicious hands, have a happy man? ripble in 'nature f as in 1 ' bo-co- me birth? Yet with aHofraaierla'?fdr happiness he never rattalhed fUand T HellOvo from "improper training earlr perversion, ete cet ra; Had it beenotheiwiseiEDgiand -- would JhaveaileU H Noblest sons as Ho standsr ohe'bf Her noblest poets; onovfef Herbriites). patriots, one of her principal men, and a man' 7 of principle. But let him bo Judged from his own works righteousiyi lake His "Childo Harold,' open the' book, promiscuously, and out of that let the vordict be given. Words are vain things often in;such a case. r j 3, 000 copies sold annually, tell the tale.' Man sees . the. j deed, God ; tho : circumstance. Judge not that ye be. npt j udged 1 to-da- y , , . - I Hi MIS3 Maude HoWEj (inughtern of ,aftfs. Jrtfc WardHo w6. recently n took the character ofAspasia la a tableaux at Borne. Ristori robed: her and nOiistellanl lent her some almost priceless' jewelery which Ho hasjiist Bold to the British Mmeum,) : -- "l':n Vftt f!'f.V-j- ;:; -- H'j :)l Hi filter.:. Ui 