The many.iustances which Uh 6' world affords of :women who have excelled In 'art, science, literature andr bu8inesS prove the possibility of doubt, that' clear perceptions, masterly intellects and executive ability are not peculiarly masculine ' bo-yo- ; :J'1 ;,; . a-n- ; ."Mrsv N.'tEoWlerj the'distinguished phrenologists, . , . scipneo i ,. : . Jtho fowler Mothers, established their PhjofogicalCaW They opened a branch office in Philadelphia, and commenced the publication of their journal in that city in 1838. They gave their attention largely to tho development of their new science and the edUrag of f their jmagazirie; while the subsketch, who toindd them in 1837. ject of .this looked ; carefully after lhevdVtaIIs of tho 'business. In 1842 they removed to New York, the senior partner coming in advance, leaving onlv a voune' and inexDfirlGnccd woman iit details of and;tbe;closibg up bribe : ness in'PhW :- - 1 V busi- Q; herJajrival, her brother .ia Now. York she found seriously ill; and before ho. cpoljtj. again' Attend ;tol bqsiriesa iheir stereotype plAtes and many other things belong ing to their peculiar 'business were seized, and would have been, sold at auction; as would also the cojpyrighta; but; for the presence of mind and business sagacity .of their v . feminine business manager, who averted iuu caiumny. A year later she had occasion to leave New York for a lew wees, and on her return" found their office, placarded "to let." Beforo night she had the obnoxious placard removed fronr the door, and papers made out leasing the premises for. fivb years. Handbills were immediately pririteS and 1 distributed, announcing lectures every eve. iung In the same building, "wUh both, public and private examinations of heads; and at the end of a week when they counted their cash they had two hundred dollars "above : ; expenses - V ' - ny... - ?. Four other times In tho history ' of tho business has tho office beea about to cldse, when her business sagacity and qiilet determination have averted the calamity, and under her management, as is a n r .Jactr'has finally, been built up one; af the most successful publishing houses of , the City; there be Ing i not more than six that rival it,, either In capital or tho number and extent of their publications. "l.i ; At .the beginning of the panic in 1873 tho firm was wholly froo from any business eu. ..tangloments; but of . courso no publishing boitso could meet thn fl . UiOtWIWia VI tno last five years and not suffer loss. They 8lill)bccnpy one of the handsomest stores on3roadway and are .entirely solvent. Theso details of "business have Ixjon entered In to with some minutenos3, to 'show . how woman's skill has, in thousands'of iu- well-know- ,. : - - -- 5 J Mrs. Wells was bom in ; August - (6 ! large 6fcocton,l year; The remarkablo skiil with, which she as carried yonthiil vigor clear ac?bsaiXoi meridian and malntwhed both A&pentaf and ; We li vo: in an age: of wonderful events, whether the pco'plO will believe it or not; the vision of some is they can not or will not see anything very uncommon in tho marvelous events; Of the 19th century others, who watch ' the signs of the tiniesf,,, whose eyes are the vision Of their mind is clearj have tho key that unlocks the cypher ! ' and many there aro' of that num&6r. We hear of "wars arid jumorsbf wars," of fire and pestilence, yes, of the most fearful kind. We have eeen empires overturned and sovereigns dethroned, and a few months ago the l Queen of England made Empress jof Indiai Though. sheJaas long had immense possessions there, no one dreamed of - such a thing. Thirty years ago a musing, very-opaqu- " e , s ''; k ; at e, open,-becaus- -- 1 ERESJJOT DAY. EVENTS OF e -- ( : '.".J e, - ir-- Hi 1814irn!akinfif her twt'iw her - lier eafiheIHspdn8ibIlit cbinpllcatd business- add e that, anU" a z&' itho worlds ixistoryvc-io- i .v:?The ability with which: she has conducted its affaiw amid; the financial breakers that have wrecked so .many, business crafts on every hand, attest! her skill, and add another gem to jpoiaaji's.jcoronet of praise- .C. A. Blodgett "? Ex. ia 3j N. Y., physical strength of parly life oyen ; tof that advanced period is &stitingfa$mwtifafa vor ,of the hygienic system laughl fhrOujgh r theif oxtbnslyfi library ": Another practical demoTastration 'of the effect of correct; habits isr found in theact tha t r&: Welle was born '".of a consumpti ve mother, wh( died of that lingering disease when she was only ?flve years ot age But the Introduction of the- water-curtreat, a of ment, thorough system hygienic living or some unknown cause have averted the usual ;conseq;uences which are so apt to follow in such' cases; and not one of the Fowler family have since died bf consumption ori e ver shown a symptoms thereof. The youngest members are noW over forty, and all arehale, hearty and youthful for their years. Mrs. Wells saysthat fihe expects to livQ till she is ninety, iu tho enjoyment of all her facultie8.x ! At the age of thirty he , wan married to Samuel B. Wells, who, the- - year folio wing, became a partner in the .'firm. His attention was first attracted to phrenology by observing a chart that had been marked for a friend by Charlotte Fowler. Ho sought out thQ lady, made her acquain-ancand from that time became a devoted disciple of the new science. Her very happy domestic life, and symmetrical development of character, show that it is not fatal to woman's happiness to remain single a few years longer than they are generally wont. ' The "Phrenological Journal,, has been from the beginning uncompromising in its advocacy of woman's equality. For a number of years before the Seneca Falls Convention In M8, it bad ably and fearlessly sought for woman's recognition, an equality of rights in all things. From that time till the prosent never has a volume appeared which has not contained one or more special article looking to the elevation and better ' i education of wbman.: 'Mrs. Wells was one of the original founders of the Woman's Homeopathic College of New York, and for t welve years one of Its trustees. While she haa acted a conspicuous part in all the public. enterprises of the day affecting woman's advancement, by far the larger share of her benevolence has. consisted in private chatlMes. It has been her aim to truly benefit those whom jshe believed worthy of help, without making any necessities public exhibition of either their ' : i other own leneVolence. I a woman who reads this sketch Many will remember with gratitude when the kindness and benevolence" Of Mrs. Wells was just the needed link in the chain that enabled them to reunite their shattered fortunes, ;or the added plank-thbridged some fearful chasm of financial or social disaster. Her labors have always been of the unassuming kind, but whatever she has put herliand to has been dono with a quiet determination that has seldom: known defeat, in April, 1875, her husband, after, a brief illness of but few, days, was tajcen from this World, ?n what seemed tho prlmo I of a useful life, en-tife- iy period bt'aU classes oothempjtrying of cmfnorcial nterprise'Jover known in - -- sixty-fift- h e and la herself ono of f Ha hlftt Ynr.no fits of ihat science lhe age has yet produced, :;Had it been a chemical laboratory which her brothers established, or:finything;hear- itiff the s tarn d of flntlniiltviinmi Iti.hpr fnsto In building up from penury a successful business would have been, much Jighter tha it has' been ' with the much'questioned . - ' Wells is the sister .of. O. 8. and L. drawn ' ;from 'the firm', m& thus was left they notBynljctnal ' departments jy ifie ' dmlnatfon of sex on the tme handj and thehf t)w'n easysubjeeilOn ? On the other. nd qualities. ; The lady whose Sketch is here given has not only threaded her way successfully amid the Intricacies andMifSculties of and undeveloped science,, but has competed favorably with the beat das of man In inn- ';-- Both of her brothers had previously with- stances, saved a waning Jbusiness and how in Uiiun uavo Uvuo oy iu 4Xiaujr uiyiy nijiu 7 . . yonngfmindrhid up in comparative obscurity, wrpte a book; he suggests a nolicy for the then young Queen of. Eng land; he elaborates the' subject, shows. a necessity for .it. The book Is not read by tha mass, it is "too dry, too visionary;" the ..writer shows he believes In present revela-- , tion, that he waits, watches for itl And who will believe such nonsense in this en: lightened age? He wrote othor books, they were watched and criticized by the "Literati " there is tomething in them-suniquej so original, minds-ostrong calibre feel there is in them an under current, a if you please, that the common mind does not soo or realize; the policy, he suggests in his first book, thirty: years ago, is in these words: "Let the Queen of England collect a groat fleet; let her stow away all her treasures, bullion, gold plate ;and precious arms, be accompanied by all her court and chief people, and transfer the seat of her Empire from London to Delhi! There she will find an immense '.Empire ready ' made, a first rate army and a large.re venue; we will 'acknowledge the Empress of India as burVSuzeram, and secure for hoi the " . Levanttno cpast. He, jioyv leaves book making; he works tobecom9 a Statesman; he seeks to enter Parliament, ho meets wnn great ppppsuiuu, h snpaks ou the Hustinsrs: he attracts all ears; bis '.language la glownr,eryid and Is electrifying, his voice magnetic, and ho;the felt to be a rising planbf! He speaks fn House oT Commons, he is ridiculed; his hearers forget to be gentlemen." 'He rises and Is put down, rises arid is put down; at last he calmly sits' down, saying: "Gentleman. fru will riot hear me now, but a timo Is coming when you shall hear mo." Through all lie rises he Is the first of his raco that ever entered Parllamerit-h- e rises higher, hlhfertill ho 'stands Premier of England,! with the entire confidence of his Sovereign a power behind the Throne, He stands God being the power behind both tho Throne and the man. . His first, grand act is to rcalizjo his dream: of thirty years asoz far-seei- ng 1 -- o f gulf-strea- m . : . , , ( . -- 1 to-d- ay 