217 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE VOICES. AFFECTIONATELY INSCRIBED TO AUNT EM. First: Gone Irom my heart is the sunlight of gladness, Gone from my soul is the music of yore, For mine eyes are oft dim with tvarm dews of sadness, And I sif h for the presence of one gone before. Ia the springtime and spring of her life she was taken, When the pitying tears of ytmnff April were shed O'er the slumbering: germlets of May, to awaken The sentinel Howera to vlsril the dead. And tho daintiest blossom of God's lower Eden-F- air centre and setting of puritj's wreath season, When the spring- heralds welcomed the death. of of winter the Was slain by the frosts - Hfe-giri- r.s Ah, many to spare were our hcart3 better willing Than the ifoul in whose b?auty all others were blest, is filling' Hut "Death loves a bright mark" and th-sbest. we love His graves with the spirits of e : Secokd: Their spirit.? Ab no, for the GVipcl of hraven A promise of glorious destiny gives Time's comforting balm aod eternity's leaven Which tells thee, sad mouruer, tby dear one still lives, 'Tis only the clay that now slumbers beneath ue, For death o'er the spirit no sceptre can sway; And both shall unite yet again to bequeath U3 at seme future day. The joy cf i."er the mortal but rests on a motherly pillow While its spirit mate shines like a jewel on high, 1en as glimmering stars in the depths of the billow Have their twin fie&sparkUuuloft i.a .thQ sky. rc-uni- on To the future then, heart, turn for ne'er endinpr gladnc, And music lorn soul for the sweetness of yore, Where the warm light of lio:3 drys the fountains of sad- ness, And life is all spring and the spring evermore. ASOSYMvUS. .'VI, City, Sti-t- . 1), 1S73 For the Exponent. WORK FOR WOMEN. Without discussing the vexed question of " what is woman's work and what is her sphere," we will assume that it ia her duty and privilege to do whatever she can that will promote the advancement and elova. We particularly betion of her own sex. lieve her life work is most specially needed and appropriate among women and children. It is not within tho capacity of our minds to become familiar with every scl-- :; e which may be of service in tho course of a lifetime, so that it becomes necessary M- isome. shall give particular attention U) ae branch and some to another, each constituting a fcctor of tho whole. As the preservation of life and health is of so much importance to ns all, a general knowledge of our own organization cannot fail to be a source of satisfaction as well as an actual benefit to every one. If medical knowledge to a certain degree was a part of every daughter's education, she would be far bet-te- r fitted to fulfill her future destiny as wile and mother, and she would know more about the infant on her bosom than that'it is a little form of throbbing clay and that she loves it; and there might bo fewer little mounds in the "City of tho Dead." It i3 only the few comparatively whose taste it is, to make a" life study of the hu." man system, and the diseases and acci- dents peculiar thereto; but With intelligence, reason, integrity ot heart and the pure motive to u good with their might wherever they go, this factor of the community is as invaluable and necessary as any other. It requires long and close application to the standard text works of this branch of science to lay the necessary foundation upon which to grcund-worbuild future observations and experience. It is neither safe not light for any one k with a smattering knowledge picked up promiscously to undertake tho practice of medicine, and go forth to hold the balance of life and death in their unskillful hands, too often unnecessarily resulting in the desolation of hearts and homes. I do not by any means depreciate sound practical experience, for it is of great value and in newly settled countries it is often an imperative duty for those having tho nerve and natural ability, to reach forth and assist suffering huruanity; but whoever fintls it her lot to fill such a responsible and important position in a community, should feel it an incumbent daty to thoroughly prepare herself at her earliest opportunity for such an important wTork. Some may say if we live right wo will need no doctors which is theoretically true, but where is there one who can live in this fallen estate without hygienically or physically making a mistake or mishap sometime. Nature herself often makes most grevious errors entirely incapable of spontaneous or natural rectification requiring the most cultivated skill to most the emergency; Our reason, tho greatest gift of God to man was given us for cultivation and our life hereon earth presents a series of opportunities of transforming circumstances into eternal knowledge. Progress is the keystone of heavenly thought and plan, and for au individual to live and die. without tho world being tho better for it, comes short of the object of their existence. True knowl-edgno matter of what science or art is given man of God, and every acquisition which advances us one step should onl y broaden our reason and strengthen our belief (which is simply physical knowledge.) in the existence of God,and of our unbounded obligations to him. True medical knowledge can never corrode the soul or unfit us for usefulness in any way. It is said In Holy Writ that ''faith without works is dead," and it is a matter of correct observation e that good intelligent common sense-wor- k is very frequently a most excellent subor. dinate to faith, In every growing community there soem3 to soon develop the need of a hospital moro especially to the interest of do-vo- ted wo- men and children, and this is now being felt among us. It wo uld be a place where those, especially from a distance, needing surgical or special medical attention could come and have every care from physcians and nurses. Such an Institution would also afford most excellent opportunities for a class of students to gain a partial knowl-edg- e of medicine. (A college being required for a thorough education) and also th ere would bo facilities for establishing a train, ing school for nurses, than which there is no greater need at tho present time. Could not such an institution be organized and carried on under the auspices of the Latter-da- y Saint ladies of Utah? It may" bo said will "it require so much money" It will certainly require a considerable sum, but an enterprise with such far reaching benefits and one in which all can have individual interests upon the plan,certain. so laige a effort of tho united ly can, by community as ours, combine the numerous small efforts into one efficient whole. , To accomplish this it only needs that a comco-operati- ve pany of active managers take the matter in hand, and lay it before tho people. It is to be hoped that every Latter-daSaint y woman in Utah and adjacent settlements will think on this subject, and uso her in. fluence In its behalf, that at no distant day the rosult may prove a living success, and inasmuch as the interests of the Latter-d- ay Saint men and women are over mu brethren will tual, it is also hoped that-tb-e extend their influenco and material aid in and .laudable promoting this almuch-neede- d enterprise. In the meantime our only ternative is for classes to formed be taught according to our best circumstances Until hotter facilities can bo furnished. Romania B. Pratt, MVD. PREAMBLE AND RESOLUTIONS. OF TIIE LADIES OF UYRUM. Wherean, Wo the women of tho Church Saints have of Jesus Chrsst of Latter-dato tho nations by been misrepresented Christian Missionary Ladies dwelling in our midst, in regard to our most holy religion. We do hereby declare most solemn, ly our truo sentiments. Resolved; that We the women of Ilyrum members of the Church: of Jesu Christ of Latter-daSaints earnestly endorse the sentiments of the ladies of Salt Lake, St. George and other places that have reported "through the Exponent and with them claim the privilege to practice the principles of our holy religion, and God being our helper we will sustain und with oir husbands, fathers and sons in obeying every principle of the gospel wo have embraced. Resolved; that we solemnly avow our full faith in the doctrine of Celestial Marriage established by .tho command of Father and knowing his promises to the faithful, we endorse it as one of the most important principles of our holy religion and claim tho right to put it in y y co-opera- to our-Heaven- ly practice. Resolved; that we will obey the com. mands of God and leave the result with him. That we protest against tho enactment of any law that deprives American citizens, whether male or xfemale of any constitutional rights. Resolved; that wo tako this opportunity to tender our thanks to the ladies of tho National Woman's Suffrage Association, who have bravely defended our cause In the halls of Congress, and that we appreciate the labor of our own lady delegates who have braved tho world in defence of our religion. Resolved; that we respectfully suggest that those ladies opposed to our institutions keep their sympathy for the poor unfortunate outcast women and fatherless children In the cities of the world, as we by the help of God can take care of ourselves, and We wish to don't need their assistance. say that although we are late we are nevertheless in earnest and wish to have a voico with the rest of our sisters. C. Liljenquist President, N. M. Neilsen. ) Secretaries. , K. -- Wight, Mrs Lynn Linton is engaged on a now book that is shortly to bo published. Tho subject is the influence of clergy on women, and tho story is a fight between a husband and a ritualistic cleagyman for .Influence over the wife of the former. Ex. ; A new paper edited by a woman is Issue d at Louisville Kentucky by Mrs.H.E.Housh; it contains reports of the work of women and supports the Idea that work Is as honorable for women as for men. Her son a young man of seventeen years does her printing. It is very neatly executed on fine paper. 