IP W O il A N ' S E 116 THE WOMAN'S I......, Fa Wished seinltoOTthiy, In Salt Lake City, Utah TermB: One copy one year, $2.00; one copy sir mouths, Ten copies for the price of nine, Advertising 1.00. rates; Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $3.00; per month, 13.00. A literal discount to ' regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Room No. 1, up stairs, Old Cpnt Building, East Temple Sheet. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to ti-tuti- n:;r Expohkht, ::&ltXakeOityV"Utah. " salt lake ciry, jan. i, be almost universal, although ' 1879. A HAPPY NEW YE Aft. From how many thousand lips will go forth that old time salutation, "A Happy New Year." Ushering in another space in the great journey of time, and of each individual life, and bridging its round of seasons in its train to bless mankind with "seed time and harvest,? opening with the day the world celebrate as first in the record of the year. This is the time when almost all feel to renew their lives, to make a better record, to guard themselves more carefully from evil, and cleave more to good. The heart goes out in generous bospi- laiuy to lneuu, ur ioe, auu tue larger cuajjbjr which fiUa the soul with kindness manifests itself in cheery smiles, pleasant words ana good deeds. It is a pleasant practice, and one which should be highly regarded, for It brings much that is cheering into the wearisome lives here below. These delightful inspire the tone an elevated With of heart feeling towards tne universal oromernooa or man, ana inadvertently, as it were, draws people nearer together, giving them a slight fort taste of Ihe time when all shall love one another. At the close of the old year one is likely to revert much to the past and indulge lo regrets which are of but little avail although they are usually linked with resolve?, which often prove as idle as the regrets themselves. What is wanted to make one better satisfied with life is vigorous exertion in the path of duty and .rttitude! because what la reprtttpd ratinnt h fepaired after the time has past. Therefore, let the past be apathetic record, to speak in tender reproach of the mistakes and follies which may have been committed, and the future the clear page on which may be inscribed a better record, if there is moral courage and physical activity to execute that which the heart de. sires. It is useless to carry about the skeleton of a dead f ait, The present and the future are the themes which should more especially engage the attention. Memory, to be sure, is oft times a pleasant companion, but he Inclines one to (waking) dreams If her company is courted, and life is too busy to admit of much re-unie- ns ! dreaming; The new year h&a come alii how fast the years one after another are s weeping into the great fathomless sea of eternity. Well may one pause on the threshold of the new year and take as it were a lingering farewell of that . ' which Is past, fruitless as It may be. Farewell, old year:, thou hast faithfully geryid thy purpose, though ,t)iy days have been abused by the many, and thy precious moments unappreciated. Yes the old year with its joys and sorrows, pains and regrets, has passed away, " audits record is sealed excellent remarks, of which we thall give a synopsis in the minutes which will be published in thenext issue of Exponent. Friday afternoon was devoted mostly to verbal reports from the presidents of the various branches of Belief Society In Salt Lake County. There were present on the stand Miss E. B. Snow, Mrp, ZIna D. Young and many other ladies who are devoting themselves almost exclusively to public duties In the interest of the Latter-da- y Saints. Mrs. E. Howard, Secretary for the County organization, read the report In the morning, Mrs. E. B. Wells in the afternoon. We will publish in full tbe statistical and financial report when it has been carefully made out. Saturday morning Mrs Mary A. Freeze preMrs. Augusta J. sided over the meeting. Crocheron, Secretary, read the reports from parts of the county. Saturday afternoon presidents of Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary Associations made verbal "reports. Miss E. B. Snow and Elder Joseph E. Taylor occupied the remainder of the time. The Conference adjourned for three months to the first Quarterly nfeeting of the second year. -- dltor. Wisher WoiUK8 N E NT. passed away? Not so;- they irernaln if is the heritage time leaves to mortals. But no repln-- i pas tthough the ngs can bring back ihe-ieaL. vision of the mind show it ever so clearly; it is only the dim, faded shadow: of what was once alive to all the actual senses. None are permitted to retrace their wanderings from right none can recall that which may have been thoughtlessly uttered, perhaps causing a wound in the bosom of a friend, or a pang of sorrow for one beloved. In entering upon the new year one voluntarily resolves to improve this feeling teems to EXPONENT. EMMJEXI5TE B. WJEIXS. O Did we eay regrets " in many in- stances only spasmodic, yet even these are helps towards a better life, for good thoughts and good desires give strength to the soul, yet action is the mainspring, and may, with diligence for its companion, make life a real pleasure, under the influence of pure thoughts. In the fresh green pastures of the new year there is to the hopeful a peculiar cbarm something approaching the mystic yet we know that it is real; and when it comes it may prove too real, too hard for human hearts, except God tempers the soul by his Holy Spirit. Again we repeat farewell old year; we had only just begun to grow familiar with thee and realize thy worth, ere thou hast passed away thy footfalls are still echoing in our ears, and we can scarcely realize thou art gone beyond recall. How many sighs and tears and groans thou hast been witness of, and bow many human lives have been yielded up during thy reign, many thousands of them only as a sacrifice to the fierce passions and cruel ravages of nations at war. And who shall answer for all " this wicked waste of life and intelligence? God grant that in the new year now dawn- ing, when mighty intellect is the hoast of nato tions, that , true wisdom may begin be appa- -fwilli the boasted fntelligence. education and refinement, that the "time of peace" may be hastened, when men shall learn war no more. Then will much of the sorrow which now cries out from ten thousand cities in one agonizing chorus be unknown. And so paeses away the old year once again, and on the tablets of memory are engraved some sorrows that nature mourns, and even these may be blessings in disguise, for only God knows what is best, and to all who trust Him implicitly will He give that consolation which abideth forever. In this new year we trust the JJxponest may be the humble though silent instrument of doing much good, of inspiring courage in the hearts of our sistersin the noble work of elevating and blessing and uniting together those Who desire to promote the Interests of the kingdom of God upon the earth. And so we will close by wishing our friends and readers one and all "A Happy Sfew Year." f va-lio- us WHAT IS WANTED? "That the name and character of the United States shall mean one and the same thing, and carry with them unchallenged "Free Yecurity and respect" . free and suffrage," speech, free press are inestimable "these rights to American citi- , zens. 7i It seems by the President's Message that the costly colored man in the South had served his time and can now be protected in his rights, and the great Dictator and Upholder of the universe sanctioned it, or allowed it. It was talked over and prayed over by the oppressed slaves (though some were well treated), but the time came when their pray era and intercessions were heard and answered from on . high. Jacob served fourteen years for his two wives, his father-in-la(what a mistake! it Is genermother-in-law) oppressed him, but ally the God put it into the heart of Jacob to ask for and speckled cattle; thus the Jacob gained justice. of nature for like to What a strange-frea- k produce like. Suppose man lifts from tbe soul of woman the thought, "I am not protecteJ as an American citjz,enlM no diminishing of the treasury is required, no blood is shed, no hearts to be rent, no Walls of the wldowaand orphans none of.these things heed follow What is wanted? Yea, in our fair country. Master spirits with true unselfishness, wise patriotic,, zealous fouls not struggling for power over each other, but content to act righteously, knowing the time will come when principle will outweigh policyotherwise the seed of dissolution Will reap an abundant harvest the reward of unrighteousness, wickedness and corruption.. Ladies of America, have you considered that this is what Is wanted? Let our honored representatives at the Capitol consider the condition of the ladies they must abide the law, but they are not American citizens. .o Has not woman served the world almost loug enough to know her position?. If men want rights, obtain'them by love and Justice; let Jacob (woman) go free, then all the wealth of " Ihe soul of woman may be free toblefs the world, protected by Ihe strong arm of the law, physically, morally and mentally w inef-faceab-ly - ring-streak- HOME AFFAIB8. 'Tiie First AdlueI Conference of the Belief Society of Salt Lake Stakes Mrs. M. I. Home presiding, was held Friday and Saturday, Dec 20 and, 21. The Young Ladles' M. I. A. of Salt Lake Co. having been recently organized in a Stake capacity handed in their first reports from date of each organization, making the Conference a conjoint one of Belief Societies end Young Ladies Mutual Improvement There were as many persons . Associations. as could be seated comfortably. Elder present F. Joseph Jgmith and Pres. A. M. Cannon Friday morning session te hear the refrom . Relief Societies and ports encourage the sisters in their labors. They each made most ed . tax-payi- ng . at-tend- ed 4 4r of a citizen , 