II m liases WE w Give her of the fruit at her handsj . 'tnttisdker:m and let Iter 6irn worfe SALT LAKIi CITlC Vol. 8. VL j-- 1879. it --M- oi;:I n Yet a little ti'me now. winter lingers; and t we luxuriate in the pool weather, the Indian mellow sunlight, and , summer, with it3jsoft " blueyjiqlet sTvaze;' that like a 'drapery rr jjTHIE'S CHILD.; And 'twas TJuthie'g little, child, : That the new wife led to-dSomething: In the red Hps' smile, Something: in the red-go- 'd curls, Perfect mouth and dreamy brow, And the daintf , dainty way, i u r , Woke a mj3ty. memory ' Pain enfolded ia my brain- - , : Something, near yet hid from me, Something dear, yet lost and far Where, and whose, the eyes like these , That these awake to me again? , . . of v As they passed again I turned,' That sweet ftce, once more to see, Something in the cheek that burned, ' Something in the tendeloice, Almost shaped the nndeflned, Passed, and it had fled from me. ; - ,T Ruthie's baby! sweet, good bye, IkiMyoufor your red lips' smile, So like, her, bended smile and Bigh. From far off scenes, that hushed to sleep My past, I came, and face to face, Met lored, lost, Ruthle's little child Aratrsxi , " , AUTUMN. DAYS, Now gently comes the Autumn days, when the harvests' are gathered in and we must begin our preparations in good earnest for king winter for his reign is an absolute one? no jolly walks then over hill and plain, no rambles after flowers or berries, or nuts : no lpnir confidential talks over Jove and romance by the rippling brooklets, no moonlight love tales, out "in ' ; the fXtJsercbrnmonjyrem autumn is thejddesttime' of )ihe' year, the wind moans ahdlslghs, the great .trees bend and 8 way. themselves backward and.forward v as in a tumult of grief, and' the dry leaves rustle 'under our 'feet arid fllfc hither and thither or pUeJupiahtasticallTo ; towwp?ifttijrirJtAs.TO ditier we are many iJitriest disrespectful s aru jpejdleii iri opremnor ,towards'-our parents'. As husbands and ,wiveS'wo; f are, to a great extent, Jlndiffebnt; to the couftesyj affection, and forbearance, dcto jone another, 4 friends arid a9ojiaintance3we are insincere and impolite. Some. !may dp t r . ; , , thinkl thfs a harsh judgment, QDservaUolC will prove it a true one., 'X wpulo say to parents, be'arTectionaie,'justdarid 'impartial towards your children, com 'by arid your example precept, their love and obedience; study to" realize your duties, and r responsibilities, arid fit .arid, prepare yourselves for the performajace of , the same. Tp sons land, daughters lpyer and 'respect ypur,' parents as your.bestj 'earthly friends, the anxiety repaying ict loye and obedlen'co ' and care youhaye caused theni" To husbands arid wives Xcan say nbmlng Ibetter , than the words. of .powper: f , .4.,4 , -- v-- , ' ?Th9 kindest anS the happiest paii'i Will find occasion to forbear; Andsomethlnr erery day.thfy.Uye, To pitj and perhaps forffire." 1 ''GC ff? To friends arid acquaintances, be sincere, polite arid kind. To all, think, speak and live truly, givo honor, to whom honor is duerespect true manhood andwomanhood : in whatevers gartblyou may find it, and by your example,4 courtesy, intelligence, sobriety and l integrity,4, show r to tho; - world at Saint is an honor to large that a- Latter-daJif his country and his God.?;, ;, 1 - - y : INOTISS AND , NEWS."' , there is an Inexpressible these things, "a sort vof; 8ympathy that accords welLwith the elements of mv nature and If . I have' any "preference ".for'- any particular sewn i;is certainly, the .Autumn. 4; w 1 rgtiftfjji a peculiar charm lin4 the very: languor! of the atmospher e of the'tndiah summer and' altogether the auf umn hri ri gs. I h'ine th'e most 1 powerful ' lessons to the heart pTarji of tho'seasons; or Is'it because we really begin to appreciate, the warm sun-- ' Buiae aua.ine many out aooy beauties that . Vv - tura-taYri- e - ! tlie stilly night,,t when the doves coo, and the nightingale sings in harmony, keeping time to the ;Sroices of the young lovers; no, all these things are over for a time, and we gather around the hearthstone and tell over old legends, and sing snatches' o old songs and read 'aloud toeach other and discuss in family groups all sorts of subjects, and " ofttimes amuse ourselves by drawing ' fanciful pictures in the bright fire; ; Imagining we see" this and that, In our1 'dreamy 1 sort ' of back of the reverie, and if we room there vo see other transient, pictures among the shadows that come f dauelng from the fitful firellgfit Orf the" walls. heir If we turn to the windows there again are pictures on the panes; castles, towers, and domes, trees and landscapes,; drawn ras if by magic by Jack Frost," beautiful and suggestive; who has not enjoyed them? old-tim- e. hawo'are to think indlflentlrtaiaj ! otce Cnccniio v , spective.,, "Hi.v With what ardor the' young folks enter, into these pleasant pursuits and while they appreciate the pleasure of the work for the prospect of the enjoymeri irTwill afford them become better acquanted .with "each other, and many an. engagement lias fo- l- : lowed these jpleasant,f rollcsome gatherings iii" the harvest-UnaAs. we write memories come' filing, iQ'poa; .; us just Hto a gj eat river, arid interestlng incidents that would form subject 'matter for many a fine little, true, love story, j ??i.- i; address tpwards very far; from-- realizing and perform in gour d u ties as Xat ter'r day . Sain ts, H tethers, wp are careless and degree.to jthe welfare and comfofi of i our familled,,and. 0 the eiamrjlbwe' ser before un thorny mQthe'rsye; a wise, iyict t apjt" to ciomany things, injhaster -- . . s - , , IFor the Expojiest. 5:- - oneaolfiXam,led 4 . ov(t( habUs "arid 1 courtesy , I musing - tliet6aQ tains and hills lit, 4he dfstance. '. And' through II f o,bigB to veI n g. colbrsV;'ipSfcIng a warm arid (brilliairit .outdoor, picture we see the fiamfpg xfo of trees," that autumn has crd wned, as t were with ji halaofglory' Now. w.o shourd revel as much aspossilble IntKe Vabemsfthey; will brighten oiir' 'thoughts: andimprpve our health, walk out and partalce thei exhilarating air to brace the nevei apd quick-e- n the blood. ' f;. r; M4ny of us jl63e, tHe stray sunbeams;j and console durselYestl)y thiriklng, only k trifle,, such a little thing, but life is made up of trifles, and 0, such beautiful trjfles some are, they make la part of Hfe'sw moments really charming; there are jriariy sunbeams in our live if we will but catctjitheir rays, and their reflection will brighten and glow in our hearts long after the ;merl3ian glory of life's sunshine has 'depaftedj and, the; soft V! evening shades draw, near." In the autumn time there is, much, (o be done, both of hard and exhilarating work, or we might term a part of it pastime.. "Who Is there that dees not enjoy gathering fruits and nuts, for the Ipri .winter evenings; and who can but retnemoor some in. cident connected with this' .labor .pastime that , is particulary pleasant in the retro1 went my way, Down in tangling dreams more deep. Something, through the busy day, Something all the lonely ere; Seemed to eob to my own heart, And burning eyes to wake my sleep. Ruthle's baby! Does she know,, f t t That her mother's goWen head Lies cold where sunrays cannot go. Where caresses cannot reach; Blind, to ber babya beauty sweet, ' Deaf, to her baby's music speech? u Blest heaven, noi Adown life's way, Her wee feet go, unconscious all; No memory-pan- g to cloud her day, Nor knows of loylng eyes that lean O'er heaTen'a height to follow her, tiest shadows round her way should fall. . gaiize "folds;., liself?' arqund, RE ATf' ONEQJH- f When J look ajrouna:riej ftnftjSee the lack of consiSeratioriwe "Jhave ior each, other's 7 feelingslvttnd v , circumstances , nthe . lacfc of f ' 1 So HafB ... ai J e A numbeb; of ' iadie? nrejjreseri ting the ; Woman Sriftrngfe0 have 'issued ariu address' to the people of the State :NiewrYork1,'d . protestingagnst;tholrefectioHd norItoblsori, on the1 grdunif tHt'ho-vetoe- d -- a Bchool blli In'whicthevrlph ' VvkAmW.M TV olf nn SAhnnl - Women may be members of the. com can vote for mlttee, and. under Uvis , .f -- othQt Ihey-n- ot peppiOjtq.membersli Why, ought: ta have the rightalsb to4 vote on ' Qaestion of school appro pViaions? and, wa , appropria t ion wHyriot on' all? whynott then for all town officers? Massachusetts, t thank . 6od, t haatherefore I f ;oq n qne-Jt- o ; , : the time too when Wrm e'rs look oyer their"' labors and count up the i. gainst, and .wbnder what the fruit of,tho harvest will bo when ' aU is estimated, :; What will the harveatl A" ' would be well for all to .consider. ; " H- -r AUNT XUlli takenKthe first step towards giving justice" Lot. us never, take one stop. b)cward, but rather '.'p.wsajVightnward, nor bate a Jot of heart of hope, till the poo- - ' pie shall really, govern .iIas3chusettsl!,- to-wo- men 1 1 . 