WO M A N 'S EX PON E N T. work would naturally fall into. That - we should understand the principles of government is essential in our opinion, whether we enjoy the franchise or are denied its privileges. Our sisters should seek to inform themselves in regard to all the existing forms of government and in fact the ancient patriarchal manner of governing. There are abundant opportunities given the women of our day to make themselves acquainted with politic?, and it is not at all probable, as Mrs. Blake has said, that enfranchising women will destroy the home. It has been proven here that such is not the case; for have not Latter-da- y Saint women voted for nine years, and what complaint can be brought to condemn woman suffrage from their experience? Friends of woman'.s suffrage in the House and Senate remarked to us they would protest against the suffrage being taken from our women. re-gardl- oss PIPSEY PAPERS, What extraordinary pains the Gentile are taking to suppress that blotch on the body politic, which we hold so sacred, viz., Plural Marriage! If there is anything morally or religiously wrong in the practice of it, it is to be hoped they will succeed; that is, in view of their introducing a more moral and elevating mode of carrying out God's great command to multiply and replenish the earth. He endowed us with principles and desires pertaining thereto, and gave laws whereby it should be carried out in purity. Marriage was instituted as a principle whereby virtuous love might be fostered and protected, all intercourse outside of that being condemned as unlawful and unholy. The marriage ceremony enjoins upon men and women to bo true to themselves and to each other. It is usual for either men or women, after the death of their relativo spouse, to marry again, but according to the doctrines of modern Christianity they must not marry a second wife while the first i3 living. Death releases their obligations. But the marriago tie as revealed in these last days binds for time and for all eternity, therefore, if a wife die3, her husband must spend the remainder of his lifo alone or must of necessity ha.ve a plurality ol wives. It is not the law of God; neither does it accord with woman's physical con. stitution, that she should marry several husbands at one time, but if the parties are agreed and are true to each other, what is there wrong or degrading in a man having several wives? If ho supports them, acknowledging their claims and raising their children in respectability, what is there in the principle? In the olden time men after God's own heart practiced polygamy, and we read of jealousy and dissatisfaction sometimes arising, as is frequently the case at the present time. There is also jealousy and dissatisfaction in monogamous life, the marriage relation being frequently severed. But that in no wise condemns marriage, nor degrades the law of home-tie- s and influence, of which marriage is the foundation, although the argument is often used by men who wish to live single, for not entering into the marriage la-di- es - -- do-gradi- ng relationship. dom from licentious practices we are led to infer that oar systems and principles are by no means to bo condemned. There is no degree or condition In life but has its peculiar trials connected therewith. It is not polygamy as a principle that our enemies are exercised over, that is a mere pretence a handle with which to turn the rack whereon they would stretch us morally, of the physical suffering it might causo us to endure. It was long ago the cry that Mormonism must bo put down, no matter what the cost of suffering, murder and rapine, it must be put down. But how? That is a problem they have vainly tried to solve for over forty years, and the solution still seems a mystery. Dotheynot know that if not supported ;and protected by Almighty God, our peculiar institutions must of themselves die out in time, and that opposition but fans the flame which they are trying so hard to extinguish. That by their slanderous and unwarrantable attacks they bring us to the notice of the thinking public, and people will investigate' our cause who have never before given us much thought. Who are those that aro coming to the front with theirjibusive epithets and their heroic efforts fo overthrow our- established religion? Pity their heroism was not exercised in a better cause. The leaders engaged in this undertaking aro many of them of those who once professed to believe in the same doctrines, who have borne their testimony to the work; whose fathers, mothers, or sisters have laid down their lives, perhaps, while promulgating the doc trines they professed. They have joined hands with us in the bonds of sisterhood, have sat at our firesides, and partaken of our cheer; they have been protected and sustained by the ties that bind a growing community. And now they would raise their hands against us and strike a dagger to our hearts. Sisters, I know them, I am personally acquainted with several of them. My childhood was passed in their society, and their names are connected with some of my earliest recollections. Wo danced at the same parties, shared the same rustic amusements, and the samo religious services. We worshipped at the same altar and prayed to the same God. We saw nothing then to shock our sense of propriety or interfere with our conscientious principles. Our paths have widened and separated; what their experience has been I am unable to say, but I will venture to suggest that of all the strong language they use, and the terms they apply to us, they know comparatively nothing. Wo have no homeless waifs cast on the tender mercies of public charity. Our religion forbids Infanticide, and its institutions protect women against it and its concomitant evils. Wo have no starving poor, no licensed dens of We are a sober, in. , gambling and infamy. dustrious people, trying to pursue the avocations of daily life in peace and. contentment; we ask only to be let alone, and that wo do most emphatically insist on. We want none of the modern vices which our Polygamy in a moral or religious view wo have no intention at present to discuss. If people who practice it are all pure in heart, or correct In their judgmont, are matters we are not open to judge, and over which we have no control; but when we look around us and see the corruption in the world j and our comparative free Gentile citizens are introducing into our midst, but they are forced into our midst, to the detriment of the manners and morals of our young people. I saw a pitiful, sight a few days ago while visiting In Salt Lake City. I saw two women locked in jail they had both been ruined and abandoned. Was if polygamy that , had done this? I assure you it was not - Salt Lake City is the only city in Utah that is to any extent populated by the element that are so anxious abont us tho puro(?) in heart who are so shocked by oar sense of morality that -- 213 bring a ranting, mob into our midst, and turn us from our homes and they4 would fain firesides. And what for? For advocating those principles which protect virtue and innocence, P would recommend that they sweep the streets of Salt Lake City and clear from among us the vices that attach to their own apron strings, before they attack a principle that in and of itself at least protects its victim?, if such they may be called. Let them watch their own husbands, and find If their conduct will bear inspection, before they take a course to rid our "poor, deluded women" of their natural protectors and open up an avenue In society for more corrupting Influences Provo. Mary. " " " WOMAN'S VOICE. Editor Exponent: My dear sisters of the Relief Societies and friends of truth; This seems to be a day fraught with great events; things that have been plainly predicted by our Lord and Savior, and also by all the holy pro. phets both ancient and modern, aro now daily fulfilling before our eyes, and we see tho spirit that Jesus spoke of boing made manifest, e.ven the spirit of betrayal, not only among the Saints, but all over the world, and no doubt that spirit will increase more and more until the Sevlor comes. How much it stands us in hand to watch over ourselves and cultivate the Spirit of God, and have our minds stored with that eternal truth that will guide us in all tho acts of our lives. There are many things coming along to try us to the very center, and if our minds are not staid on God our Father oEvith faith and confidence, we may give way in tho hour that we would need the mosf firmness and strength. My heart Is drawn out in prayer to my Father to protect His daughters from the influence of this evil spirit, and to increase the light and lifo of tho Saints, that wo may bo found on tho watch-tow- er holding on to tho Rod of Iron, which is the word of Ged, and bo able to say as Jesus did, "The Prince of this world cometh,-bu- t hath nothing In me." We are a small Society here in Cedar Fort, but we have embraced the same Gospel that our sisters in Salt Lake City have, and have gathered here for tho same purpose, namely, to be taught of the Lord and to enjoy the blessings, ordinances and of His holy House; and when we heard of the Crusade, our President called a Mass Meeting of the two settlements, and we drafted resolutions corresponding with tho faith of the Gospel that wo have received, resolved to to stand by tho revelations that wo have received from the Lord through Joseph Smith the Prophet, by the help and assistance of our Father and God, trusting in His Almighty arm for protection, firmly believing that Ho is able to save to the uttermost all those' who put their trust in Him. We therefore had a desire to be represented In your valuable paper. Hoping that the blessings of God may rest upKon your labors, and upon the lawful labors of all the daughters of Zion is the prayer of your sisters in the Gospel of peace, sa-crame- Anti-Polyga- my Sophronia Cook, President, R. 8. S. J. Meks, Counselors, P. Rodeback, Martha Wilcox, Secretary, Elizabeth Berry, Treasurer. 