' WO M A N'S- - EXPOHEH T. 99 : "Charles W. Hubbard and invited Brother IFor tHe Exfoxehx." an abundance to eat,rand a longer table, with high chairs tm tjachelde to sit tln- .- They have a large unny roomto play in,c and also a yard and plentybf toys that-T- ? iwere bast oft by : children mdfe fbrtuhate;- The sum of ten conts per day is charged" r I come fori eachvchild, if the imotherj can pay, if f Ward" and ;nott thejrare kept for wreatii of hair .flowers-- taken from the heads Iter" Is in charge of a capable4 matron; and : ol her family Habe made unknown toTl - Jshe has plenty'orassistance: It Is In a very her and;was presented bsevenVybung" juan--? m :.r cbhdltibn.? prosperous -- I The Foundling ladles, afterwards J short .spocches toasts, Hospital, is quit- adbtheif and.8iDgiDg-r&,etc-the affair, !and It' is also conducted on the'ehari, ; adjouf ned table planahdBtihas; beetiinTa tdttering company, tptltie; dipper ''ipom which was tastefully decbrated; with mot- condition; nntli;Michael Reese, the?mlllib:h-.'?toes and picturesiand above all tho tables I aire1 diedhd lieA bequeathed thirty Uhou-- " were richly spread with the bounties of life. j sanCdbllars to It, and It is'tibw In a flourTho company; otl aboli t One 'hundred sat There were some fifty of ishing conditio down and did ample justice to the feast. : these little abandonedwaiis, in clean, co3y Short speeches, toasts, sobgs, and recitations cribs, when I visited it; sometimes tbero were kept up. untii Laboutl seven o'clock i arejmorejj when the company . was dismissed - with d rcEfare nearly all Very delicate ;" t bey seem to havq no vitality; they wither and die; prayer, evory one.gratefuiforfthe enjoy- ' ment they ;had had,nV4achV others society very few live' to be a year old. They have ; J1ANNAU UOOK. excellent care, and everything Secretary,,.,, Attached to' the Foundling Asylum Is a tin , SmitjJfield, Qct.T0i 1879.. Lylngr in Hospital, whero poor unfortunate women can: find good accommodation until j Editor ExroNENT: the crisis is; past, whentihey go out again I believo thoisteirs of Smithfield are not and leave their little ones to themercypf often fceard from, not because we are not r Iknow ery many Tof the stranjgersp to do our duty, for we are; wo are trying waifs arei adopted, but there is . very often I, for trie T. poor and the sick, and we caring so much d isease in their li ttle aqdies, are trying as a band of sisters tof bo united many, do not care tq take themThet poor r ; and work for the good of all little helpless creatures, abandoned by lhpsev , "We had a three days visit rece'ntiy from Who ha ve g tven themllCe-wha- t a worthy i ' and Sister Hubbard to accompany them to; the school house hero.thoir. family, and a the.. brethren , and sisters ?;; great number-ohad assembled in the lower room to receive , j ' them, f jfter Joeing seated a song of ;wel WEARYING FOR MY' DAUGj- r- 1'M ' ! ; - f I The summer moon ia cilrer light, : Her fairy picture orerJaicU I - ... Where drooping boughs and blossoms bright, Threw down their tracer of .shade. She sat alone, X Ventured near," Softlj beside her took vaj place; She I pressed my hand, Oh! lady dear, I'm weary inf for my daughter's faco.".- j singraair " 'Iwas for the ; - i 1 "The good sb!p bearing my dear girl ' Comes nearer to me day by day; i 0 could I watch its flag unfurl, And welcome her from far away! - ; : ' But weary miles of this wide earth Stretoh out between, in dreary space; 1 sit and mourn by our own hearth- - I'm wearying for my daughter' face. , " ' 'I cannot wait for her dear feet To cross these mountains wild to me; I must not wait, .but go and meet ; The daughter dear I pine to see." : I could not answer her in speech, Her trembling hand I gently pressed; When help ia far beyond our reach, , The silent love of all is best. For many a mile, and many a day, ' . They rode, their daughter dear to meet; But slow for them, and long the way, Whose hearts with fond impatience beat At last, long ere the sun was down, They saw, below a sheltering hill, The camp had halted, gathering 'round "II:,, Some scene with deepest interest filled, With courteous mien, they near and pause r Beside the group, and greeting one T 7 With Welcome, brother!? ask the joause Of the camp's halt, ere Bet of sun. Ahl love hath quickest ear cf All! ' hear the sweetest lips' glad cry: - f ..ijThey "Father and motherl dear ones alii; r Haste to me, kiss me ere I die!" Ah, saddest hour thaMfe has kaownl : , Ah, sweetestl .that 'twas not too late; A 1 Their tender arms enfold their own, ret cannot wrest her from her fate. 1hrough storm at sea, and mountain gale, And wearr march, her courage pressed, Till nearing home she sank and failed, r rL Too worn to bear joyssweVt excesiThey brought her here, that she might sfeep- With klndfed fitb, in holy ground; And breaking hearts o'er her did weep, Who early won the martyr's crown. And they are nearing, day by day, ' lthatJajypkce- ToT5fflgrIUnt meet and cla?p, and dwell alway Ja the light and love of thi daughter's face. ; aVousta ibTda 'CnocHraoir. ' e 1 , 1 ; ! ri.v " isscrupu--JonsIy'dea'n-li;- 5 , . 1 t tlt . -- i Sister?' ErR: 8ndwMI.rHbrnersrMT Kimball, and S. M. Hey wood, when on their visit North; and we had a glorious time, one that Uljnot soon be forgotten by us, andl hbpe; we will ' trrand Jput in practice the instructlori weVthenreccived, and ,, may they live long to comfort and encourage the sisters ih;their labors,for thby are growing more Important and arduous very year; an jfjevery tsisteronly real, Ized.the importance of the mission y6i all ' have to fill, there,would be less fllothfulness; ..less caring A for the; things of the world." The Sisters; of; ihe Uatter-da- y Saints would read the revelations land. study the -- princl'. pies of trie Gospel more and strive to clothe f , rThe';'Hbme;ior conducted byj c - who dees It from pure" love of children; she takes all kinds" of cliildren Bdfocures Vi 'f 1 good homes ibr therri.r: ' Recently we have started what ! called the FI6wer MIssidn;bevy of girts asi1' ; semble at a fflowers-- f largejiaitnd arrange for the Indigenfand 3ic,ahd e veryThursdajr I a bqnbtsaistribttted hefe,Hher6 and at oil 1 places Where It Is known there atetsick pee ;' pie, and the poor sick 'ones are alIowedto: ; r chobse thosb flowers they prefer most. Flor. 4 ence Nightingale says the sick Uake great i delight in flowers. She speaks i of: n 3 wild:': I nosegay; being sent to herselfr when ahe was illandlfroraithe moment It, camerecoveryii became more jra nid, .What 1 a t; beautiful t - : :. : i 1 'z: "chafltojghterrthe or the wltli the flower T. JUS II AW. friendlesr, they 13 uuu uui uuimiiuiui.oi aucn iuyo uiuai, smaii No actirbut Sak He'writes 18 vri 7$. Inhe croodl)ob"k 7, Fbancisoo, ; I all such noble deeds. 7 " Editor Expoi&NTi t ThBre are very'; many chad table Inathif--have teen reading the various reports ; tlonsiri thlsf rcdfc? cityf and ;air more thah of your ; societies; attentively, and 1 ha ve mll,' The Home fbirged and InflrmJ-land-been gaining some knowledge In regard 4b must be ) thei;diffefcnt Orphan Asylum' ' some of the societies here In Sah Francisco,' on j great tar the generous. We have also iJ io thought It ;mlght;provo 'of' interest ; aFrofectioh and Belief Society; I am riot asl, - " some of your many readers.1 of ' any, but I find' manyjways toil I The different, societies that' I fthalLm'en all sensitive11 ; best0a little hero I are not Of iinv tvtrHrn!ar oAV'' T: people do, for it is sad to see so much (lest I -ed tlio "Little Sisters Infant dhMikir tut i j tation 1n! this land of plenty.- - a 4; is entirely charitable insfitutloriand' was'l organized by several wealthy little girls.' ' who have since grown to bo youn'g' ladles, A girl addressing her sister asked, ' and they are stiU tho: board of directors.--TherhWhaliWas: the chaos pa was reading about are two hundred chfldten ft om three J j .:To;, which the - sister ..replied, " months to six years of age in the "Shelter," jgreatj.pile ol nothing, .and uio-- r 'Twa and were all the children of poor parepts, wJiohaYO to york iorsupport,and they have V A lad v? ttWho had mi uarrell ed w u h h r uu f5?J5y!x?JH bald.headed loVer-alMuring, their in dlsmUsiughimr ansence, excent at the ifshelter." and it What in delightful about iyonrmy -- friend, waa designed for just such a charitable pnr Is that I hayo not . the trbublo of sending all V- Tho children looked pose. clean, and you back any locks of hair."" '4 s 5 Oo-workerl-n'the HiLIZABETII M 1 -'- to live the lives of Latter- - i&flBainis. May God bless all who arewofIhgfor t the ad .vancement ot:WmM'-IIuIii:III'J':,- Your slstexahd 1 poor, t5 I 7' V ';.!-,- ! "xw , ; ' V' " 1 : : xThnrkirnrSV few Horns frnm . wnirrt would ba interesting toyoarnamorous road. er .tsepd The sisters Un general are aliveto their duties always be- -, wg ready. torespondto any: ca!J that liaj. made on them, are storing grain and? they m" ng a Granary, and Meeting Hall, WMch are nearly finished. . .Our President Water Mary Ann Hubbard ; truly Magnifies 1 officet alvvays being full of . faith and good works and has the love and confidence r . the-lbllowte- i gaL . ann 2, Oaff. terMv e(her slxtyihirdlJirthdayh- ebeiD-th- ;"0oayv: A one o'clock trie-committ- ee "r i , Editor ExpoketY t u ? . -- J who-wi- ll .. many wouldwere It not; rthese houses of ref ugerush the; f eebfesparkof lifell r the mind (with Intelligence:- and-- fl I prepare themselves for. the great and im 'strive'- -' portant duties that await alt 1 bbjerodrltS crlme7 as many thinly bt'dlh - : - ft , 1 ; r .x 5 : - - ;--i i - " , - nthitihTMSel'r, -- 5 T . holy Gospel' sake . rjtWe left old England; loft her there, r Till wo a home 'mid Saints eould make, And she our toils and want be spared. faint at night, , Grateful Tyo toiled,-'til- l But obi through all these lingering days, . I'm pining for the love and light s , I'mjwearying for my daughter's face.- 4 -- r7 of: arrangements went to the rcsidonco of Bro. : r and-there- -- ; little e I tQ-day- ?':' 1 I -- -- ; d, . -- v t 'l Si. 