W Louie Pres. Eliza K. counsel-ors Felt and Mrs. Clara Young Cohrad'as to the President of the Y. L. M. L A', of Bait Lake Co. The vote iii 'their favor was unanimous, Pres. Freeze and Counselors Felt and Conrad each made a few" remarks,' expressing their good desires and asking the faith of the sisters to eustain them' in this important Snow-xiominated- Mrs Saturday afternoon: Mrs. M t. Home presided. Much good instruction was given by the sisters who spoke. Pres. E. It. Snow addressed the si&ters on many subjects pertaining to our lives here and hereafter. She specially exhorted mothers to have thfir children attend the Primary Associations, and said that there they. .would be instructed in the ways of the Lord. She alluded to home industries and other necessary labors which devolve upon the Saints, The stoiing of grain was another dnty women had been called upon to perform, which" seemed a heavy responsibility, and she felt great caution and wisdom was needed in the work. Coun. Zina D. Young gave an excellent exhortation to mothers and daughter?, advocated the Eerlculture, and urged the societies to set out mulberry trees as a beginning. Alluded to the words of the late President Brigham Young in the old Bowery, the first year after the settlement here, when he said the elements here were full of the material necessary to the production of silk. Pres. Home made a few choice remarks, in which' the urged the sisters to take the Woman's ExroNENT. Mrs. E. Bull, who has recently returned from a visit to Europe, gave a graphic description of the places she visited in England, and faithfully entreated the sisters who had friends or relatives there desirous of emigrating to help tbem out. Mrs. M. A. House, of Grantaville, gave a short account of the Relief Society work in Tooele Co., and made other interesting remarks. Elder Joseph E. Taylor spoke encouragingly to the sisters, and dwelt eloquently upon the good works of women in this and other ages of the world. Altogether this woman's Conference surpasses any we have held hitherto. Much good counsel has been given and the Spirit of God was in the midst of tho assembly. The meeting was closed by singing part of the hymn 'The Spirit of God like a fire is burning." Tho closlDg prayer was offered by Elder J. E. Taylor, and tho Conference was adjourned to June 0 and L'l. We trust that the Secretaries ill be in in Seclie prompt reports eirly. handing retary, Mrs. E; Howard, has not y , repared for publication the Stake Statistical and Financial report. I OBITUARIES. B NT. fellow-membe- y She lived the life of a Uue Litter-da- y Saint, oud died in full faith of the Gospel. Society. M.G. Died, in EvausVm, Wyoming Territory, on Tuesday, Feb. 11. 1570, aged 27 years, o months and 11 days, Charlotte Elizabeth Edmisson, daughter of William and Maiy Auij Glngel), born in Camden, Cook . Co Australia She embraced the Gospelm 1S53 and emigrated to rs MRS. SPENCER IN "WOMAN'S WORDS." n to Mrs. Sara Andrews Spencerj the women of Utah through her good words well-know- and works in their interest, and to women everywhere for her material help in their advancement, and also as one of the editors of " Woman's Words," has dissolved partnership with Mis, Juan Lewis, the orignal sole editor of that interesting Journal, and in the March number published her valedictory. It contains, in strong, earnest language, seme ideal on the (so termed) "Woman Q,uesti6n,,r which bespeak a new innovation, so entirely opposed to the old accustomed groove in which women we cannot have been accustomed to walk,-tha- t forbear republishing a few extracts. It shows something of the dissati&fac'ion which dwells in the hearts of loose who have an opportunity of watching Congress. A whole Congress of men have not succeeded in a century in providing satisfactorily for the welfare of men. There is needed here, J Con- gress of Women, to supp'ement, inspire and ennoble the work of men io legislation; though much more is it needed to represent the manifold interests of women and children! The prophetic eye of woman .discerned th's long ago, and influences have been at work to bring it surely to pass, "Why wait for men, bewildered and blintled by the material disasters they themselves have wrought, to invite, or even permit mothers anl daughters of men to come to their own capital and make and ext cute their own laws? "The question need not be whether melt, will permit us to join them in legislation, but whether we will permit them to join m; for that a Coogress of women is the more levelheaded and efficient body of the two, and does more in less time for the genuine prosperity of the country, has been abundantly demonstrated by the six Congresses of Women already held in New Yo k, Syracuse, Chicago, Philadelphia, -- and Providence There is among women wealth of culiure, intelligence; experience, insight. Theie may be ltck of dtfermination; and they tell us there is lack f money. Let the and the underpaid women of the country claim their one half or three quartets of the tf families and, the determination and mi ney may come together. Personal energy, high purposes, and inflexible determination have enabled Jarge numbers of women to atseoible in conventions in various (arts of the world for many years. Let constituencies and representatives of women in this country concentrate thtir scattered aims and forces upon Washington, and the representation women demand and need will' be an accomplished Cltvelan-- i over-woike- d joiot-earnin- Died, in "West Jordmt Feb. 2, 1579, of of the Jungs, Mary Ann Leather, wife of William Leather. She was born in England, March 1st , 1814; was baptized .into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints on the 24th day of Drcember, 1850. She emigrated with her busbar d to Utah in the year 18G0. The funeal services were held in the Social HkII in this place, where a large concourse of people mt and then followed the remains to the giaw. Sister Leather was a member of our Relief A general meeting of . at the heart of the nation, a perpetual gs fact. 'Taxes upon vidbw'tf houses have helped to rear the capitol dome. Taxes upon alcoholic dtitiks, coined from the tears of worte than m idowed wives, have helped to rear the marble sv af.s that support i he nation's Treasury. Women of America, why wait you to Ke called to come nd take possession of your own? Men come here to do h s things' i hout your come you without thirt and inaugurate such a reign u justi. e."tr'j b, and universal love, that the earth ill g'adly heed your counsels and own your sway." per-iiiissro- 210 UTAH COUNTY SILK ASSOCIATION. Utah, with her parents in 1857. She was an active member of the Relief Society of Jivan-sto- n Ward since its organization in November last. Her loss is deeply felt by her of the Society. She leaves a husband and seven children. home-missio- n. 1 0 MAN'S E X PON n, the Utah County Silk Association was held in Provo Feb. 28th, 1879. Meeting opened by singifig and prayer. Minutes of previous meeting were read and accepted. A report of the finances showed that there had been 197.69$ subscribed by the citizens of Utah County in aid of the silk enterprise since August 30th, 1878; one eilk reel purchased and about 50 pounds of cocoons. Prest. M. HIndley invited tho sisters present to speak their feelings in regard to raising silk and to give a report of their doings in their . various wards. Several sisters spoke of the increase of the silk Interest in the settlements; The people are planting mulberry trees and preparing to raise silk, believing that after a iiltle experience it will be as easy to raise silk as to set a hen, or. to dry fruit. It is the intention of the Association to buy up all the cocoons in tha county (if possible) and get them reeled before this year's silk is ready, as it is considered best to have them worked up while fresh. Sisters Zina D. Young, E. B. Wells, Z. Y. Williams, and S.M. Kimball were present, and each spoke a short tinie,eocouraging the sisters te raise silk and make this branch of home manufacture successful. Advised them to color tho silk, to make handkerchiefs, mitts, trackings, neck ties, veil, tewing frilk, etc. Were pleased to eee specimens of homo industry and effort being ma ie iu practical seriwould like to see the sisters wearing culture; home-madsilk dresses. Children can help iu the work. Plant the trees as near the bouto as possible, and keep them cropped down so as to be handy for feeding. Pres. M. HIndley expressed her thankfulness for the good meeting and valuable instruction. Meeting adjourned until next Quarterly Cone ference. As M HitfDLEY, President; , Emma QeataE&stqne, Secre tary . George Eliot (Mrs. Lowes) has nev- er had a photograph taken the great majority of her admirers aro compelled to view her only through pen and ink sketches. This "counterfeit presentment" Is given by a recent visitor! "Sho 13 a woman who must have passed her fiftieth year. Her hair is darkr brown, and has noue of those silver threads oho might'expeet where tho burden of half a century of years is added to incessant labor, and experience full of desolation. She is not at all handsome; her faco is long and very palef with a small sensitive mouth, eyes dreamy, introspective, and sad Her hair is worn low over her always. intellectual forehead, and her slender figure has no robust - energy about it. George Eliot's is the energy of the mind, not of physical power. She is one of 'the greatest living conversationalists.- - She is one of tho most accomplished' amateut" pianists in England, and a fino linguist, and seems to know as much about the healing art ai of What the wilt history and philosophy. Mrs. French said of Madamodo Stael that she Is consolingly uglyv-appli- es to George Eliot; but her plain features are mado beautiful by her expression. Sho composes slowly and methodically, not more than sixty lines a day; apd report says that when she has completed.a book her nervous exhaustion is such that hor jiusbarid used to take her abroad at on co to 'recruit h'er fail, ing health; While: writing, she is most scrupulously arranged:: as to surroundings and person. 6ha'is hot only a wonderful, author, but a clever housewife, and her homo lifo ig perfect in all its detail?'- - Tho . American Ilomol - . . . 