03 i - IT - .f .... T70MAF8.EIPOHBST.. S .4. & i progress In thls rich province ot the blousewearing class has been, since the German invasion, -- prodigious. The peasants ; hero aro not yet accustomed lo ' American implements', but they farming " bo if the government does not do spon will : Prince Bismarck the favor of entering into a tripartite league with Austria ;and Ger- Jablb Xeaturea of any invitation; it Is th- e- L GOOD 'MANNERS. "kind arid friendly feeling that is shown. It. a din. iO... . - r. i . ""' Is a mistake to think that in giving ner It i indlspensablelto; have certain because . dishes, and a .variety of wines, : Somo of the others serve'theni ; . BY BLANCHE BEECH WOOD ... : . dii- - drinking, breakfast, lunch, luncheon : - whlcK iigincn8tomls"ih'rinJpiI"niagl8lrato or to.bbtaln good customs.' Lord Bacon. In writing on theso; topics wo shall to give our young people some true s ideas of thel manners i of polite? society at the present day In ak general sort : of way, as of course yerjr little definite Information can be.Imparted In one or two short articles. Eating and drinking are positive necessi- ties to life, arid to preserve ono's health it Is necessary that somo order bo observed In regard7 to eating; also that the meals be There are many ; appetizing and enjoyable. thisVmatter into take f people who scarcely consideration, and yet it is a subject of real ' Importance to health, arid health is necssary 1 tohappiness. io ' Understand-'-properly- : ' : table, si) as to feel at ease In: tho society of people wM have had an opportunity of be- the elegancies of Ing eHf disciplined eating and drinking, is certainly a very desirable thing? and Indeed it is something to .whlchjdue attention should be given, if ; one liaaari Jahibltiori to be ' agreeable; and ' upon as a boor, ignorant of Jhbse pleasant customs; that make social It is best to have or- uer at table m one's own nome, if it is pos slble, arid these'; things catf boade possi-- 1 7 -- We jirider a-pro- Dinners are gerierally looked "upon as' entertalninents for married people and thelmiddle-aged- ; v but it is deslrableji hae soriie young unmarried persons. Those whom you invite should be ,fbfj the': ianilj standlngr J Care : must be taken that: thoao whom you think will be agreeable to each other are placed side by side around tho festive board. Good talkers are invaluable at a dinner party-pe-ople who have fresh ideas and plenty of warm words to 'clothb them In; but ' good listeners are equally invaluable. No one. , should ever monopolize conversation, unless . ho wishes to win for himself the nam of a if .f ? bore, and to be avoided as such. has been a said the numbers at dinner "It not should bo less than the Graces, i party nor more than the' Muses; when the num bor exceeds this limit, It Is an excellent 1 1 'poorest Ithough ; everr07 simple, well' cooked, the knives, forksand- spoons bright and the general appearance of the" table one of com- - , fort, though ho luxury can be afforded. : Children should be taught to eat in a quiet . and proper manner, Instead of having their food served- - out to them in a slovenly way, as many mothers, are apt to do to save trouble. Books of etiquette usually tell us how ? to conduct ourselves at table'ln society at dinner parties, entertainments,; wedding receptions, etc., but to do this a proper sys tem of order In all Its minute details mjist be observed in the hornet .There ara who i have the tact tp adapt themselves roadily to er manners and rules i.ln - which' thejr have training nor oxporienccL' Although Is a It very common remark that the looks.. of-a- n article" pr food, or the, way in,which it is served, makes no difference as to the taste, yet those who: can appreciate nice . ; ; distinctions know that meals artistically arranged and served I tastily "'are eaten with a .far, keener relish,; and afford j, infinitely greater satisfaction, than when dona In a : p aphazard;sori But as It Is impossible to determine for, another what ; particular method of. action wlll be jiult their cirmstances arid conr : or-wayl-r- ditionswe will only give some general struction jyard.-rJtlrigiwlthne'a-iriendun- i eidcr-shopjr- T in- -., about eating, as laid down by Mrs. their jown roof is regarded f as a slcn of friendship, arid It Is highly. Improper to ac- cept an, hospitality from an enemy. This Is the feeUne of all honorable DeoDle. "fiomfl l:tL arodg.terred from accepting. Invitations by- 5f.tne feellDff that thfivcanrtnt Tinm iKa .rta. pitawty in as magnificent a form. It is not iue.wuauy preparations, repast offered, which are the most agree-1 nor-tlieTOXpen- sive Lan-grisn- -- : J ' '. , . plair1b4ha;vb"tHe nlime on a tray for - the guests to select thoso - hichbear had-neith- der-- -- .;. aeatwblto cloth even though" tldyril, It be of the material the lood, drinkers laughing with imaginary memoirs of Gambetla's Cook,' Monsieur Trompette, : ! : thatf thelr-name- s,: themay know whom to escort to tho table.. 3 f Due de Broglietheritner of the rural commune took a single Paris paper. When it was spelled by his customers it through ' ' circulated slowly through the cottages. The blacksmith hadthe reading of it for one day, the tailor, for. another, and soon until it had gone the rounds of the whole neighborhood, and had become used up and has been in torn as an old brisk circulation. This mode of clubbing for a newspaper was illegal; but the ; thrift of theTpeasarits'and itielr Intense desire to be acquainted with the fluctuations of the money market were too muck for the government. An , Italian , financier whom those who knew him called Monte Chrlsto, and who Is now a millionaire ten times over did the Bourse articles of theSiecle," which were soon found out and appreciated according to. their great' worth in the villages where there were crocks full of money, saved sou by sou, tojin vest, There was tho whole province scarcely a In which that journal was not taken twelve : years ago. I Ifind now that throughout Normandy. the Paris newspapers are sold at Paris prices, and that bumpkins club to take a wnoj.e lot oi inem. jt?or tne j?igaro" there Is liltM" call; The "Gauiols" is also duli' In the market They are both reacIn which they tionary, and the tittle-tattl- e or not the Gibeonites tne taste is to indulge of Fijeyi civilization who look for serious to the newspaper. 'What does Irifor it malier to laborious jarmers, said to me yesterday the proprietor of a hotel at ofe Sur Mer, 'whether the garters Cora Pearl are pink or blue, or whether she washes herself wl th arsenical or pure spring water? yl don't care a rusU. for cleverly concocted canard' Neither 'does ;any one about me. Albert Millard sets' the absinthe bank-rioteth- at : thecottagb InTwhlchthe'iPiesidenrbf the; Chamber is made fb spealcwlike 1 want toknow is how our'rdpresentativea really ilischargo their duties1 arid what Li 'Fiftccn'mlnutesls the:longe3t-time-:r- e- quired to wait for a tardy guest; then the ; want to learn whether the Army Is becoQl dinner should be announced, and the host Ing efficient; but instead of receiving the offers his arm to the lady who is to.be es-information I look for, some JOKcr emig economy of ens me about the cheese-parin- g by hifn, the others follow arm in " ported' ' the Coun t de Iarl3 when serving this w arm; the hostess being the last to leave the.' room. A host waits 'upon the oldest lady, ... .tiirnn as a Colonel In the Territorial Army or the greatest stranger, or, If there bo a If the reporters of the Boulevard JournaU l)Hde presentjprecedenceis givbn to heiv !f only came here in winter wnen .we navo Tho hostess 13 escorted either by the oldest time fort gossiping about those who were i one gentlemanr or,the greatest stranger, or some r: - hero in the fine weather,they would.hear more scandalous anecdotes aboutrthe greatto whom she wishes to placo in tho seat folks of Paris than r they could serve out of honor at her.r.IghULThe host placps'tho readers in ajtwelvemonthr lady whom he escorts upon his right. Tho' their farmers roundl'.hero are good republicans icatrDf the host and hostess may:ba at; the , w middle, on the opposite sides of the tabled - and serious politicians. They know they and or at the ends." l. rliticai Vsupineness costs them, not 'f.i.t. either j try.to Instruct themselves. It is Si i' Figaro,, or the "Gauloli," you may ttv tfQBMANDSHPEASANTS. assured, whorii: they 'will take for their .,AfAM Vnn think them heavy loo York "Trlr' r; of iho corresponpent are deuced shrewd fellows, and tcej ' .. New ; ; . they i it -. j uuue- wnies aq interesting jetter on; tne :Aro fast extricating inemseiveJfy " or t JNormana i Llmlro y jgfcaca poasants I?n ; y: s : f " u--- - r 7-.VA ' - s - r - ; l - discretion judgriient-an- d in ! - 4 i The po-litica- , , ed greatest growth here Is n; the spirit of Inquiry that has grownrup ariaong the people. In former times, that is, under the Emporer Napoleon, and later," under the . . agricul-raljMroductOfthelUnil- States. r of It ; many against the'manufaetures of Small one need dinners can bo better served than large i ones," and there isf more real enjoyment to ;:.oeydeHvfrom1hfemVt7A, host and hostess generally judged of the success of a dinner " by the mariner In ;whlch conversation has been sustained. If It has flagged often, it Is considered that the giiests have' not been congenial; but if afsteady stream of talk has been kept up, it shows that they have smoothly amalgamated as a whole, f "Invitations tit a dlhBei1 party arelnbt sent by . pbst,'and only1 answered by post t where the distance Is such as to make It inconvenient to send by a servant. - They 1 should be fIssued rinr?the name of the lady and . gentleman of the house ten days or a ' week In advance. They should be ariswejed as soon as; possible, fan, if accepted the -engagement should on no account be lightly broken. The hours" most generally selected are six, seven arid eight o'clock. - To be exactly punctual on these occasions Is theonly politeness.; Whoriv to Invite Is a con-4 sideration ;whlch requires 4he exerefse J of ; the' etiquette at : and Ir good In, .quality, and the dishes are well dressod,8erved warm In proper successiori, with their adjuncts, : arid whero the gues ts afalcongenial, tC dewill bo insured that no gree of enjoyment be"afraIdUo-:ofler::3:'5- en-deav- or ; ; arotho-leastexpeiisIv- e. " When everything of human life, let men by all means endeav- 1 : most agreeable dinners given are thoso neitCt:: - ;1 " 1 8hall:devotevtnIfl chapter to eating and Thes" ' of-igribra- -- , 