a- v: -'- ; ;" gates of Palace Yard, which were guarded women by a strong body of police. The were sent by the police to the opposite side of the road; There they remained in solid ranks seven and eight deep, a moat orderly an hoar, while six of their number with the Rev. Stewart D. Head-laMr. Harper, and Mr. and Mrs. Pater-sogained admission to the outer lobby of the'" House, and Interviewed Sir Charles crowd, for nearly m, n, Dilke, Mr. Leonard Courtney and Mr. Dil-wy- n, who expressed theii: - sympathy and promised to give any help In their power when the subject should be brought before The deputation the notice of Parliament. some stated their grievancesjit length. It was alleged that In the majority of instances the reduction of wages varied from 5s. to 10s. a week. The women also complain that they are not allowed to take their work home as formerly, their earnings being further reduced by the new arrange ment. An additional force of police was on duty outside the House of Parliament daring the afternoon. The matter complained of by the women was brought before the House of Commons on April 21, by Mr. Mundella, and was thoroughly discussed, though not satisfacto. rily decided." . Yours respectfully, i ttebeeea E.vMace. 19, 1879. HOME., Home is woman's world. The most sacred, peaceful, beloved and heaven-bor- n place that earth contains The resting-plac- e of the weary, tho hospital of the sick, the visitingpteee of angels and the favorite rt of tbo Spirit of God , It la in the sweet confines of home that are experienced the most refined and heartfelt joys, the deepest affections, the truest friendships, the grandest emotions, and tho most fervent, devout and sincere acknowledgments of the greatness and goodness of God. 7 Therefore, I would impress upon the minds of my sisters the great importance of studying how to make home pleasant. Every young wo. man expects, and Is expected, to preside over a home, and be a mother In that home; and unless she enters her field of labor with an idea of its importance and a knbwledgo of Its duties, her life Is sure to be one devoid of comfort and happiness. In the true Christian home mother is the mainspring the center, round which all its joys revolve. Home has no charm when re-so- bereft of a mother. It Is her gentle love and devotion, her tender words and acts, her kind manners and intelligent and elethat makes the charm of vating influence, home greater- than all other?. If home possessed no other charm, the presence of mother would mako it glorious and sub7-- " 7.; lime. ;V Our very lives are governed by love, and wnuro is ineru au auecnon so pure, ana true, so free from, selfishness and dross, so forgiving, charitable and vividly alive to our Intorestsas a mother's? It la the great refreshing; fountain of life! What glorious love is pictured In a mother's face, as she fondly gazes on. her sleeping child, as she nurses it In its tender infancy, watches over it in hours of sickness, toil3 for its happi-nescounsels It, to goodness and .virtue, and mourns .toseo it following the paths of vieel Home has no force, capacity, or in-- , fiuence without a mother's love. God in homes the seeds that shall bring plants forth fruit meet for heaven; and thus we see the great necessity for educating ourselves in all tho practical walks of life! There Is no sphere of labor under the heavens greater than that of woman's. She is the main educator In the sacred borne circle, and the more sterling goodness, and refined ability sue possesses the is her capacity for doing greater good, and" : a 1 .T'' l i i. . i : ' wounded feeling?, or offence, ;v''v Let us not be discouraged by the effort i of our enemies to rob us of our peace and ' ' home associations, "so far can they go and ' " no farther." . God is on our side, and He isv ' greater than all. Although we all feel in- -' dlgnan t at' the: great outrage lately .forced ' upon our respected friend, Bra WeUsy wb must hot question the judgment of God. it' was for some wise ; purpose, and I venture ' to say he is far happier than his enemies, and instead bf their persecutions devastate ing our homes, It will only serverto renew out faith, double; our" energy, more closely ' unite our hearts; and strengthen pur determination to iervo God rather th'ah man. Richfield. ; . 7 T 7 Celia. 1 ' ; 5 5 . i mu muru euro is ouo iu uruuie inai neaven-born thatEden whicih home should bliss, be. O sisterst let ns1 strive5 to 'rnakci5; our homes a great llfefschppl, wherelu.'shallivbe' taught all tho great Valu e of . virtue, and. the true nobility-o- f labor. Thlnkriot thatfine houses elegantly fuTOisHedloVely gardons; or 8omethlpgr:;xnore beautiful ahd f costly I ; . ; . j " What I admire in Columbus " : 4,: - ' -- 'HI And if we would make them what I have tried to portray, we must guard our every action, for of all places in the world homo is the most sensitive. At home words that we would pass by unnoticed when abroad wound u3 to the quick. There wo assume no airs or affectation; our hearts are bare, and every little spark burns us. We can bear very little, and if we would have our home a true one, we must carefully guard our words and actions, be kind and courteous In our address, polite and gentle In our manners, honest and true in our very thoughts, thus giving no opportuni ty for : Intel-lectu- al than your hefhbor's, constitute" Kdmerfar It is somethirigr far aboadi of ihli 'It is the Influence, .the; .associations; tho spirit which Is within, that rnakes home," Homo Is wo- man's world, her kingdom, and eho will 1: dearsisters?reTWTsfrIvelK)UtInuaII ing the aid of God, to make our homes a haven of peace, a quiet, sequestered epot, where our loved ones may dwell In the genial bonds of friendship, in the holy ties of love, making it a school for ; mental, moral and spiritual improvement, where : love snail reign, where chastity shall impart . her rays of peace, bringing contentment,, virtue and goodness, where we can talk of and teach the principles of our eternal re- ligion, and then, indeed, shall our homes bo complete. Then our homes shall be worthy the name. s, -- reign over it always. She may go out into ' tnc woria, ana visit the poor; mi r responsi-- : ble positions,' engage in teaching, or lecturing, write books, or go on missions of mercy, and she will still lovo, best of all places in the world, her home. It is natural to her; God has implanted those feelings In her bo- -' som. But woman should not be content with simply her domestic dutiesj she should ' have a choico of labor, and then study con- - . 1 stantly. to prepare herself for her duties.' Woman should not be shut out of any em- ployment in the whole world, but should be allowed equal advantages and opportunities with her brother, to seek employment, usefulness and happiness wherever she can find it; and I am assured that home would be all the better for it, as this' would improve her mind and ability to minister in love at home. If woman could havethe encouragement, or chance, In the great j field of labor that man has, she would not lack skill, or ability; but in nearly all cases she is compelled to labor in her home entirely, with no change and no alternative. Give her the privilege of selecting her vocation, she will readily prove her sense of propriety and good judgment in choosing her sphere of action. Then will she choose the sequestered scenes of home, not from stern necessity, but from her true woman's 1; hoart; and God has nobly fitted woman to be the heart, the guardian, the ministering angel, the supreme genius of home. Then, 5 : 1 15 7 -- For fhe Exponent. With much .. pleasure. I read the. de termination of the sisters throughout the territory, to sustain the principles of the Gospel they have received. Not only the doctrine of baptism, and the laying on of hands but that of Plural Marriage, , (as expressed by them through the Exponent.) and all the commandments God gives to His Saints in these last days. We women of the Church of Jesus Christ, will sustain our husbands and fathers, and encourage our brothers, and sons, : and daughters, to obey the laws of God. The Lord has said, by His Prophet Joseph Smith, that if we observe the laws of God, we have no need to break the laws of the land. We cannot regard the late decision of the Supreme Court, as the law of the land; because the Constitution provides, ( ; .. : V .7 their plans come to naught, and Israel will Vi7:. .'"'V :77," triumph. v'"7" We will instruct our children, in therlaKs of the Lord, and teach th6m::to fear Him, who Is able to destroy both body and soul. We will teach them also to observe the laws of the land,whether they are just or unjust, but wo dare riot teach them to disobey the Most High. Kanab, Utah. May WOMAN'S VOICE. that "Congress shall make no law respecting religion, and the free exercise thereof." When the Constitution reads thus, how can we consider that this law should be received as a law of the land. I believe it has been done to crush this people: what business have they In any way to annoy us on account of our religion? , I do not consider they have any. They cannot overthrow it, not even one of IU principles. We might as well discard the whole as to do away with one of the principles of our most holy religion, (though it might be considered the least.) This Gospel Is the same as the one the Apostle Paul describes, comparing It to a body 1 Corinthians 12 Chap. We cannot do without one principle, that has been revealed, we cannot do without repentance, or baptism, or the laying on. of, hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost; wo cannot do without revelation and the prop- erly organized priesthood of the son of God. Neither can we do without Celestial Mari riage, and the ordinances of the house of God. ... ... 7 , This people want to benefit tho whole human family, to gather Israel, and bring about the reign of peace on the earth, and we will by the help of God accomplish the work He has sent us to do. Our enemies may think they can destroy the Institutions of this Church, but as sure as the God of Israel reigns on high, just so sure will EflPONEH:. WOMAN'S . is not his having discqvercd a world, but his having gone to search for it on tho faith of an - opiniqn.-Turgo- t. 7" t 