WOMAN'S EXP 0:JNB"NT. .. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. llTE B. 1FXXLS, in 8alt Lake City,' Utah. Term One copy one year, 12.00, one copy ah months, Ten copies for the price of nine. i Advertising 1.00. - Each rates: square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 13.00; per' month, $3.00. A literal discount to ; ... regular advertiser. Room No. 1, up stairs, Old ConstiExponent Offlee, tution' Building, East Temple Sheet. Business hours from 10 .m. to 5 p-eTcry day except Sunday. o Address all basineas communications to Publlaher WoMAx'ii ExroaraT, : rr fa Wished semi-monthl- y, m. -- T- , ,. t ! - ; . . Salt Lake City, Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, FEB. 15, 1879. VISIT TO WASHINGTON. In our Jait editorial, written rony Washing- ton; we promised our leaders to (ell them something moro of our visit to the National Capitol, and perhaps we ought to say a trifle more concerning the Convention. The suffrage ladies espoused the cause we represented nobly, and gave us jmore opportunities of bringing the Utah Question forward than we could possibly have expected. Indeed, we felt delicate in responding' to their kind and pressing solicita tions to spak, knowing how very unpopular Mormonism Js in the world. We have a grateful remembrance of these noble women, and trust in the future we may have an opportunity of returning the kindnesses and courtesies we received at their hands. We are sorry we are not able to publish a .book and mention all the ladles who imnreiked us favorably, but we really must notice a few more with whom it was pleasant to meet and converse Elizabeth Oakes Smith is a Jady of the finest culture, her soft beautiful grey curls clustered about her fair forehead and "suggested the face of a poet. We badread and enjoytd her writings from our earliest childhood, and to stand face to face aod converse with her was like the fulfillment of some bright' dream. The Misses Foster, from Philadelphia, were young ladies of fine attainments intellectually, . an4 lAVnfol in Vi nrnmAflnn nf the arlvanrA. ment of woman. They represented the Suffrage Association of Philadelphia. Mis. Seymour was a lovely little woman from good old Masmcbusetts. iHer; dress, her manner, her tone of voice, her very presence bespoke refinement culture and a finished education. tarsi Helen M. Slocum, of New York, Mrs. CJ. B. Winslow, M. D.; editor of the "Alpha" la Washington; each addressed the Convention in Lincoln Half, speaking eloquently on the terrible evils of society at the present time and ,the great need of reform, and woman's help. Both thc39' Isdlts are fine scholars and 1 fluent speakers. The reporters of Wasbingtou tapers who at tended the Convention, and the ladles who represented newspapers from all parts of the country were extremely gracious to us, ana in many Instances gave us favorable notices in their letters. Among this number we must not forget Miss Qrnndy, whose Jetters to the Philadelphia "Timea" and, Boston "Serald" ' are always considered "par excellence.' Mi?s I Woodbury, . M rs Garrigan and many thera too numerous to mention were very' . , by-na- me kiuu juuocui auueeYom genueru? u ;bbu gf n- vicLuauijr irHiiicrs were aiuo cxiicuJVij po lie. ' tblyclas?; we were alway admitted to the reporter's gallery) either in the ftenate or House, through the courtesy of Mrs. 8penccrj'Jwhcse name was a talisman t6 open the wsy to all such places. We became f tolerably familiar with the Capitol, and spent much of our time in watching the doings of Senators and Congressmen; Indeed, it puzzled some people to see haw easily we obtained alieariDgV WeTcannot tell you now just how we managed to see everybody we wanted to see, and say what we wanted to say, but we will pass on to the White House (at some future time we will tell you about the receptions) and our interview with' President Hayes. His Excellency, made tlie appointment himself, and after we had given him a few facts in relation to the condition of this people, and what was likely to be the ijpnsequences of severe and harsh measures, he remarked that be bad never be- fore considered the subject in the light we had presented it, and be felt it was of too much importance to trust to memory, and desired us to make a similar statement In writing, which we prepared and placed in His Excellency's hands before leaving Washington. We also had the pleasure, of a private interview with , Mrs. Hayes, who is certainly a most remarkable woman; her; simplicity in dress, her home-lik- e air, her friendly greeting for all those who call upon her, her tweet expression, her benevolent face and charming manner all attract the admiration of visitors, and her firmness In per. sistlng in discarding Wine aod alii intoxicating drinks from the White House, all these things stamp her as a woman of remarkably strong character. To our party she was kindness personified; she listened attentively to all we had to say in regard to the circumstances of bur people, and her womanly .sympathies were very perceptibly' aroused. We frequently met with people who manifested the, greatest interest tn.tbe Mormon Question. How far their influence might benefit our people, or how much popularity they would saciifice for the sakeif aiding lhe Mormons, we have no way of determining. After having spent a little more than three weeks in this famous city, striving to do some little good iri removing prejudice, we bid adieu for a short season at least to the seat of government snd took the train for Chicago. We had a quick arid pleasant Journey to that, city, reaching there at 6 o'clock in the morning; we drove to the' Palmer House and breakfasted. There we met some of the members of the Judiciary Committee of the House; who had come there to investigate in the impeachment of Judge Blodgett. , We traveled on the Chicago and Northwestern Railway to Omaha, then took the TJ. P. for Ogdcn. On this road we formed some pleasant traveling acquaintances. There was a great variety of persons to interest a student of human nature; Jews, Gentiles and Mormons, all sociable "and to play the agreeable, with each other. There were doctors, lawyers, judges, scholars, merchants, and, of gentleman and ladies' the Pullman car was full. There were two or three charming joung widows who seemed to have manifold attractions for the gentlemen passengers, and indeed the ladies were a little smitten with their",handfcome faces and brilliant 'conversation. There was a sweet-face- d youtg bride from Washington, accompanying her r She had never husband to Ban 3)Kg6$-Caand home mama, and her teen away . from artless --and innocent msinnttrj her devotion to the man of ber;cboiceV her youth, her beauty and ner litded gaiety all awakened a peculiar interesf jw!h?chhrfyhd forth emotions akin to sorro w for it carl led .'uY bacrmany, many long years, when we, then in; the sweet trust ivndlnnoeence qf early girlhood embarked oh the sea of matrimony, and leaving our happy home, motherand all wo loved and held dear, in-clin- , cd , Tj journeyed westward, with perfect faith In him to whom we had consigned the keeping of our soul's treasures. Butala! the sequel remains locked in our heart of hearts, too sacred for the eyes of the curious. Forgive if we digress. Suffice It to say we offered a silent prayer that the future path of the young bride might be strewn with the fairest of earth's flowtrst The passengers were many of them going to San Francisco and other places west, for business purposes, a few were traveling for health or pleasure.. Mr. Tevis, of San Francisco, was returning home from a tour abroad; he had visited the European continent, the British Isles and Greenland Theodore M.Lilienthal,eon of tbe.Rev. Dr. Lillentbal, of Cincinnati, a very genial man of education arid culture, a most agreeable traveling companion, was one of the party. Thomas Godey, jr., of Baltimore, very young and attractive, was making his first trip west to visit relatives in the farJCamed city of the Pacific. rTo mention all the party's full names would be useless, as pur readers could not appreciate the compliment not knowing the persons, but we will close this part of the chapter by saying that the time was agreeably spent and left a happy impression of the party in our minds.; .. We arrived at home on the evening of Feb. 4, finding all well, prosperous and happy In the "City of the Saints." Once more we are sitting at the. same desk, seeing the same faces come in and out, and we might almost fancy we had been dreaming, if it were not for the hearty congratulations, the warm welcomes," which remind us we must have been absent, doing something, or saying somethingwe scarcely realize ourselves; yet with a perfect consciousness that there must have been an t unseen power which guided us, sustained us .in our labors, and brought us safe home to the Walleywe love." HOME AFFAIRS. President Eliza R. Snow has been Relief Societies in; Weber Co., and holdiDg meetings in the var ious settlements for more than a week past. Sisters Zina E. vi-it-i- ng Hone and D. Youisa, M. I, Taylor visited the R. S. in Tooele and held a meeting there on Saturday, returning on Monday the 10th inet. We trust our patrons will excuse any seemiDg neglect in publishing R, 8. Reports and notices of mass meetings in the various stakes and towns as we hayeso recently returned and find so much copy awaitiDg publication that we have scarcely had time, to arrange it all properly Our correspondents must not think their letters lost, or rejected because they have not yet appeared; for our desk is full, and we will ' answer those that require answers just at shall soon as possible. Meantimb wbre-w- e still be favored with their future correspondence; the mori we have to f elect from the better, and we shall seek to cull the very choicest articles of prose and poetry. On Thursday, Feb. G, we attended a special meeting of the Relief Society, held In Union Hall, in Ogden City. tin. Jane S. Richards, President e.f tbeeber Co. IV a, presided. There was.: a Jarge and attentive assemblj . After the usual' exercises of singing and pray er Mrs. Richards made JWi openlng't smarts, and wasfelloirea by Mrs, JJ. B. Wells and Mrs. Zina Young William&yr'These ladies gave a short ftketch of their trip iPr Washington, and their ifrtervlewa with some of the leading men f no w; was of the Nation. President Eliii B the principal speaker on the occasion eh B. , ; -- -- v g0 