is the opening, To-da- y of the Territorial Fair; great pains have been taken by the several committees to make it a success in every way, and we sincerely hope it will be well patronized, and help to promote .the industrial pursuits and home manufactures of the Territory. There Is a creditable representation from the women in their line of .work and ornamentation. Mrs. Martha. B. Young has returuad from a visit to her relatlvevln the East Hhe traveled down irr company with Lieut. VVil lard Young, and returned alone. Mrs. Young spent most of the time with her relatives in Mt. Holly New Jersey , her native place, but she also visited her brother in Philadelphia. She enjoyed her visit very much, and her health improved duriug her journey, but her friends did not wish to hear anything about the Gospel. d are I illlX I pleased to be able to announce to vt- -i Ul WUIUU u tit. yUO tii-13- iUUllt, lh and the cost, and also how the nor torrow. Died, in the 17, Ward of this city. Sept. 25, Hose. daagbte.,,6f;IlcnCA4r:. 1870, Eliz Mary Ann Mat thews ages 1 Q y ears an4 three c days. Diseased was a loving and affectionate: child, and had great faith in; the .efllcaoy; of prayer, and the adminjstratna of those Jioid--i ing the priesthood for the healing of thet sick. We sympathize deeply with the: bereaved par ents, and trust their hearts may bs comforted : by the Holy Spirit v CORRESPONDENCE. Clifton, IrAAp. Editor Exponent: .1 re-org- an - good and timely instructions, and the listers feel nlore encouraged to "persevere in tbe cause they have espoused Sijiter E.RShow organized a Primary Association, and the chil- dren are veryuch 1 ings, and they; will long. jJmemK . . 14 , . " ''."--cellont advfcVreceivecL'7 D. K. DrjpLEY, Car. 8ec,y . : . ! . . Ontabio, CanadAV; J I feel uri der obligations to' jou fof-ytj-nr relathe'" r ' kftd-ne- sa in lorwardlnjt'tb'in or onjy nave 1 oefrrcQmioriea in 1U xsEriT. perusal, but f t Ukh 'roableme tb Btitertaam1; lady friends Jtnxptitt :idi6irijftpta 1&&&mbtf' In conytstng ,wtth ihe omib rbf hiBauntrt, 4 I nod thenifaV'fceriind! i7". till Alt ii. ".,- - W't 1 ,H.H,.;ii.J a nueatlon that has fa6t ar!rt rihts.belne J : the mi:es here, awl, JnahyYlewJtra UpL ping up Jnto a laue'tHaji they arp dof fJeid'; to occupy I ain a uite a Woman'i? rights afvpcaUrtjhave some.aiaDidh;4ilm? quiesce in the appointment. Ther Bishop and hisrCounselors, assisted, by J - WmTLBT, . jDa:;As Hardy,etspatt the following named sisters, President; Mrs Julia Hooper, Counselors Mrs. Jemima Midg-le- y and Mrs. E'x Hooper; Secretary Mia. Ellen Winder; Treasurer, Mis. Martha Well.; The meeting adjourned to a future day tofprtber je; instructionsjgiven them Jhef of the brethren attended, the 'meeting, and we re pleased .no ,tn xhati tpy heard. I.: Association, and We also have a;Y 1 the young sisters seem to. appreciate tbsir privileges in meeting together rfur::m tual benefit.': vJri ..; Several copies of the WoaiAN'Sr JlxPOf3nf. are taken here and "duly appreciated. AYt: think it a great blessing aud help. ;. :E very mother in Israel should take it and reattitic; 7 . We tender oin'r thanks to the slstets iCrom Salt Lake City for trieff respect confidence abd ex- -' ' W, v visited our settlement and held two meetings, during which we all enjoyed ours elves exceedingly, this visit being thjelr( fifsC. They gav -- Pret. Calderand BithopL. ... On the 7th of August B'stcra E. R. Bno w,iM: I. Home, 8. M. Hey wood and; S. M Kimball s Izition of the Ladies' Relief Society of the Twelfth Ward. A meeting was held on the 13, of July 1879. in the Twelfth Ward School House for the purpoee of organizing the Lidies' Relief Society. Present Bishop Alexander Pyper, Couns. John Druce and Leonard G. Hardj ; aleo Pre?. D. O. Calder, of 3lt Like Stake, JBUhop L. W. Hardy and the members of the ward. After a highly interesting address from Bishop A. C. Pyper upon the harmony and unity that should characterize the members of the Ward in their social and organized capacities; he dwelt upon the interest and care he, his counsel and tho leading men of the Ward had taken in the appointment of such la lit s as would qualify themselves to proform the responslblb duties of their respective callings. He had a personal interview with tbtee ladits who cheerfully., cimented to take upon themselves and ac- Report of. the i HUU CitpaUUJT, means was ob- tained, whether by donation, or otherwise. Report what quantity of the wheat has betn gleaned, and whether the Society oxn land on whichlhey raise wheat, or beans. Please give full particulars in brief. The Relief Society of tho Fourteenth Ward of this city have completed a granary for fetor ing wheat It was dedicated on Monday, Sept 21, by Pres. Angus M. Cannon and his Counselor, Joseph E. Taylor. Mrs. M. I. Home, her Counselors, Secretary, and members of the ' Society were present. After the dedication, refreshments were served in the building. It is large enough to hold 2,000 bu$hels of wbeat and cost about $350. Who will esy women . y our readers and the many warm friends of Mrs. Zina D Young, that she arrived in Salt Like City on Sunday, Sept. 14, after an absence of ten weeks, much improved in health. Mtes Susa Young also returned with her. These two Jadics vi?ited San Francisco and the Sandwich Islands, remaining on the is'and of Laie tome little time. We expect to have fcome interesting things to publish In our next concerning thtir tour. WE wish the sisters who are storirjg grain to report as soon as convenient after they have made arrangements for the fall donations. And every Society, or Ward, where the sisters own a granary, or bin, for storing their own wheat will please report particulars, the ma- : x.-t- -i . Died In the Seyentcfnth;, Waidr pjfvrblfj city on the morning of Isabel infant daughter ot J$r&tijir San? 4&Jh Maria Whitney Hall. Deceased Was farn'Marc&r 19. 1878. and had beea almost a-- constant drv sufferer; She has entered; upon. a hlghe purer life; and gone to join the Innurnejcahla." host of little ones who sing praises Jo Godwin that beautiful land of peac ani1reatj .,wher all suffering csassa and there is no more, pain. These pathetic lines will speak to the hearts of those who remember Kirtland in its former glory and pride. Our sister, Mrs. L. M. Hewlinge, returned on Thursday from a vi?it to California, where she has been spending tho summer, in excellent health and delighted with the climate and the eternal verdure of the Southern coast. It is hard times lor the poor, especially in San Francisco, and euicidts are common. Mrs. Hewlings lectured twice in Santa Barbara on "Life among the Mormons," and disappointed her au Jiences by speakiug in their favor. She gave them a brief outline of the origin aLd growth of Mormonism, the small handful from which had sprung this wonderful people, whose principles and institutions had become first a and then an international question. m national, Facts such as she portrayed, coming from one who was not herself a Latter-daSaint, elicited much surprise, and many came to converts with her and make inquiries, which gave her a good opportunity to speak in behalf of a people many of whom she is intimately acquainted with, and for whom she entertains the highest esteem. Mrs. Hewliogs is on her way East, and only called enroute to eay good bye to the dear ones here. She has resided in this city for seven years. Associations. Saturday afternoon' Mt Pres. A. Cannon and his Counselor Jose ph waa E. Taylor present and set the botfrd of officers of theRelief Scc'ety Stake apart to their office and calling. An ordinary-sizeweekly newspaper has been started in Logan, called 4 The Logan Leader." Its editor Is Mr. Frank Cannon, son of Hon. George Q. Cannon. We have received No. 3 of VoL I, and think the young editor deserves great credit for making the paper so Interesting, We are glad Logan has a local paper, as it is a thriving town and can surely make It a success financially. Newspapers help in a great degree towards educating the masses of the people. v IN MEMORIAM, A wounded bird deserted by its mate, The plumage from 1U bleeding- body torn, A picture la of loudness forlorn." Primary , Secretary.- - Robert Campbell . Zlon was held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Booms Friday and Saturday last, Mrs. M. I. Home presiding. The time was almost entirely occupied with the verbal and written reports of Relief Society, Young Ladies' and We ....... pas,-sage- The Woman's Coaference of this Stake of W IarJ consult In relation to tho iappolntment . leacners. have not energy and enterprise, when; from North to South and from East to Wef t' these granaries are being constructed and filled with grain by Mormon women? "By their, works ye shall know them." The Land of SmNEiiAir, a poem of Bight pages, written by Elder O. F. Whitney, la before us. It was composed during his stay in Kirtland, when on a mission to the Eastern States, and i dated, Nov., 1877. The subheading says: "The writer of thepoem is retopresented as contemplating the Kirtland of day and contrasting it with its condition forty s, years ago." It contains some very tender embodjiDg truths and events of actual occurrence. Joseph the Prophet coming to Kirtlan J, the peoile leaving there, Its downfall, the Temple, the mobs, afterwards the the prophet, and other things flight of axe poetically woven intojhia sjijbllmepoem. "Fair Sblnehah! thy land so dtsolate Brinton, Big; Cottonwood Ward, Mrs. Elizabeth Howard presiding. In the evening the sisters held a general meetlDg, bicti many of the brethren of tho ward attended. 4 evils of the age It ever t&wl$fcts-complishcd.by .tem, m; tbfir; eex, jff. me. ibaU ratftWyTO be h itare" 