u "'' WOMAN'S EXPONE RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. JUAB STAKE. should all net the part of ladies, be generous, kind, affable and" courteous, maintain virtue, purity and honor, arid treat each other as ladies. It Would bo proper also to throw out influences that would be refining in their nature.- We ought to teach our daughters how to work, how to cook, adorn our houses and make homo pleasant and desirable, that we may be elevated in our feelings, aspirations and acts. We are only jnst starting out now, but the time will come when kings will come to ZIon, as the Scriptures say, to .gaze on her glory. The young men should educate themselves that they can teach kings and queens; and our sisters should be prepared to take their position in Zion. Our sisters are really one with us, and when the brethren go into the Temple9 to officiate for the males, the sis- ters will go in for the females; we operate together for the good of the whole, that we may be united together for time and all eternity. I am pleased to see my sisters relieving the poor arid comforting and ministering to the needy and unfortunate. Re- 1 Fourth . Quarterly meeting of the Juab County Stake Organization of Relief Society, held in the Meeting House at Nephi, April 20. Officers of the Board present, also Pres. John Taylor, Brothers Rockwood, Jennings, Van Cott and Paxman. Meeting opened by singing and prayer. Minutes of last Conference read and accepted; also fir nancial report. Pres. Teasdale said: "Mrs. Amelia Golds, brough has been President of the R. 8. for many years, and it would be . useless to speak of her unceasing laborsj you all know them. She is also President of the Stake, and we feel to relieve her from the Presidency of the branch, that she may be more that we sustain Mrs. Mary Pitch forth as President of the Nephi Branch." The was motion unanimously sustained. Pres. Goldsbrough made a few excellent and appropriate remarks, expressing her desire to aid In both temporal and spiritual work. Pres. John Taylor said that he felt very much interested in the Relief Societies; they had exerted themselves verv credlta-bly in the interests of the people, and were great aids to the Priesthood, which they hold, not in an independent capacity, but associated with their husbands; as it is said, "The man Is not without the woman nor the woman without the man in the 'Lord;" We are operating together in the interests of Israel; and the Relief Societies J ana ino xoung juen's ana Young women's Mutual Improvement Societies have been and are doing a great deal of good. The Relief Societies are not new among the Latter-da-y Saints. Joseph Smith organized the first Relief Society at Nauvoo, at which I was present. Emma Smith was chosen President, and Sister Elizabeth Ann Whitney and Sister Sarah M, Cleveland as her Counselors; Sister Eliza R. Snow was Secretary, and Sister Elvira Cole, Treasurer (as my memory serves me), and they immediately commenced ttheir labor of love among the Saints. Soon after their organization, through persecutions and other circumstances, resulting in the death of the Prophet Joseph and his brother Hyrum, the Society suspended, until again organized by Pres. B. Young in Salt Lake City. Lot me here remark that while weappre. elate the labors of our sisters, it must not be forgotten that the man ho!ds,the Priesthood, and is the head of the woman, as Christ Is the head of the Church. But are te iuey uos set apart Dy ine.rriestnooa to In their callings? Ye So are the presiding officers of the Young Men's and Young Women's Mutual Improvement Associations; but setting apart and blessing them Is not ordination. This may answer some questions that I have been asked on ' tills subject. The sisters, however, can work and do work In their sphere as helps to the brethren. .They can dAifrmit Hnoi. ii,M. feed the poor,' clothe the naked, instruct the ignorant, comfort the distressed, and oven lay hands on ,and pray for the sick, and do a large amount of good generally. I consider the silk caltare, in which the sisters have engaged with such laudable zeal, very essential; also the cultivation of ourselves and families. And while the brethren ought all' to be gentlemenly and courteous in their demeanor, the sisters . ; : Statistical and Financial report of the Relief Society of Juab Stake of Zion for the year ending April 19, 1879. Statistical. .41 3 Members enrolled ..145 Avarage attendance............ Financial. $1980 51 Property on hand April, 1878 - at liberty to attend to her other duties, vis iting the amerent societies in this stake of ZIon. Her labors are appreciated. I move om-cia- N T. lieve everybody of every creed that needs assistance, especially the household of faith. You sisters that go among the people visit-i- t Ing, try to elevate everybody; they are all the children of God and need your beneficence and kindness. You can afford to do good to all, but in doing this don't neglect your own sisters. The Lord sends rain upon the just and upon the unjust, and we can afford to treat everybody right. Shall we, in doing this, however, be one with the profligate? No. Or with the thief or liar? No. We are here to elevate the human family to the standard of God; we must not descend to their standard. And I would say, My soul, enter not thou Into their secrets, .and mine "honor, with them be not thou united;" but I would feed and clothe them if they needed it. Again, let me call upqn you to educute your chil. dren, teach them through proper channels. Wo don't want to place our children in a position to be taught by the heatheri, and have them dragged down to perdition. Do you, as good Saints, fathers and mothers, think that those who do not receive the Gospel can go into the celestial kingdom of God? Suppose a man and his wife should be fortunate enough to get into the Celestial kingdom of God, and see their offspring in aTerrestial or Telestial state, and then, if they bad the power to do it, to hear them say, "Father, mother, I have to blame you for being here; it was you who put me un. der improper influences, which caused me to take the course I did. It is not my fault, it is yours." For Gbd's sake never put yonr children in a position to be led astray. Place them under proper influences, make their home pleasant, have beautiful gar- dens, and pleasant, pure and virtuous asso- ciations. I am glad the sisters have .a little grain laid up, and I would advise you to plead with your husbands to put something to the Wheat 93 30 1084 85 .... 15 45 Receipts during the year... Wheat........... . Disbursements; To missions To needy To Temple To buildings.. To emigration. . Property on hand Wheat $ 84 97 .;. . ...... 245 154 116 40 92 16 95 04 ....2423 82 108 75 IFor the Exposes t. WOMAN'S VOICE. For a long time I have been wishing that the Spirit of the Lord would aid mo in writing a few lines that would harmonize with the feelings of my sisters, and also tend to develop my thoughts and give them expression. I realize the more We exercise the ability and knowledge our God has en. dowed us with, the better we will be able to convey our thoughts, and by seeking unto Him in humble prayer He will enlarge our understanding so that we may more clearly compreheud His work. I wish to add my testimony to that of many others to the divinity of this great work that we are engaged in for the building up of the kingdom of God on this earth. - I know the Lord has revealed His word again unto the human family, and I know this is the true and everlasting Gospel of Jesus, the power tf God unto'" salvation to air who belieW and obey. My heart is made "to rejoice while I am reading the testimony of so many of my sisters in the Exponent. In my youth I joined this Church in the 3 ear 1833, in the State of New York. I had the privilege of traveling with the Saints through many scenes of affliction. I was in Nauvoo at the time our beloved Prophet was martyred, and have passed through many trials; and even now, after all, though being called to help in building up this new country, I feel to rejoice, knowing that if we endure to the end our reward will be eternal lives. Is not this worth living for? in the work, I am not weary in but am determined, by the aid of my Heavenly Father, to serve Him to the end of my days, that hereafter 1 may enjoy the society of the prophets and apostles and all the glorified who have come up through much tribulation. This is the prayer of your sister in Zion, well-doin- g Olive Tennky. Now Mexico, May 1, 1879. pile. May. the Spirit of God dwell in your bosoms and rest upon your children and all that pertains to you, in the name of Jesus. Amen. Bro. Rockwood said: "It is with pleasuro fhat I contemplate upon the great work that Is before you, my sisters, In clothing the ; naked, feeding the hungry, &c. I have faith In the administration of my sisters. Your Influence is felt in the world; you are coming to the front. May God bless you. . . Amen. Singing, "Lord dismiss us with tby blessing." Benediction by W. Taylor. Mrs. Amelia . Goldsbrough, Pres' t. Mrs. Mary PrrciiFORTirSec'y, Florence Nightingale, who is now sixty years of age, is In delicate health, almost entirely confined to her room. oShc resides in London, and is no doubt ill from overwork. , Madame Helena Modjeska has acquired some celebrity of late by her pleasing rendition of Camille. Modjeska is unfortunate In being unable to speak English with a proper accent. Aside from this she Is very charming upon the stage. We had the .pleasure of seeing her- - take the part of Isabel In East Lynne last winter in 