WO MAN 81 HysiBf, Cache Co., May 10th, 1879. Editor Exp6nent7 the Belief Society of Hyrum, was held May 9th, at 10 a, m., Mrs. C. Liljenquest, President. On the stand were Bishop 0, N. Liljenquest and The annual meeting of Counselor J. McBride, Elders Shaw and Johnson. "After the usual exercises and reading of minutes, the Financial Report was read as follows: Receipts. Donations received 8inceAugTrT8, Income irom R. S. Storey etc., $379.85 84.14 03.99 4 Total, Dl8B UIISEMEX T8. . To Logan Te Donated to missionaries, Expenses to build "granary, and 9213.19 41.09 74.03 sundry expenses, Given to the needy, Paid on debt for R. S. House, 25.50 111.90 4G5.71 Total, Property on hand, $695.18. Grain stored, 337 bushels, 44 pounds. After the reading of the report, the agent for the Woman's Exponent spoke in behalf of the Paper and urged the sisters to sustain it; said every sister should take it, and read it. Sister F. Stevens, President of Teachers' Quorum, reported the Teachers and majority of the members in the line of their duty. Sister Johnson, Superintendent R. S. Store, invited the sisters to sustain our home industry; especially our hats, and not ,.. buy Imported ones. ; Sisters : Williams and Wilson reported our sewing committee as all active members, and striving for the interest of Zion. President Liljenquest felt to bless tho sisters for their zeal in carrying out counsel; and gave very good instructions. Bishop Liljenquest spoko with groat power; felt to bless every faithful and true Saint; said the Relief Society does a great deal of good; each one must work for her f own salvation. Counselor J. McBride followed with many ? good instructions. Several other brethren and sisters mado remarks It was motioned and carried unanimously that wo sustain our officers as they stand. Meeting adjourned by singing, and benediction by Bishop O. N, Liljenquest. After meeting the majority of brethren and sisters adjourned to the R. S. Store, where a bounteous dinner was prepared and served, under the management of Sister Johnson, to whom great credit is due. Tho sick and aged were also remembered and received a portion of the, good things pre- S E X P O N E N T. . wards throughout the county. After the reading of the reports, Prest. M. T. Smoot called-o- n tho different presidents of the county for a verbal report of each society, whic was given, showing a good spirit and a feeling of unity existing among the sisters of Utah County. Ah the Silk Association were to meet in the afternoon, tho meeting was adjourned till 7 p. m. Evening Session opened by singing and prayer. Sister Smoot said wo have met to 4cotitInue our meeting as a Stake Conference; and we are blessed with the company of our beloved Sister E. R. Snow, and will hear from her. Sister Snow spoke of the duties of the sinters of the Relief Societies; the great good they can do in various ways, in helping the needy and strengthening tho hands of the brethren; 9 dustries, straw manufacturing, etc. ; she exhorted the sisters to be humble and prayerful, doing their duty in all things, that they might be saved in the Kingdom of God. Bishop Halladay made a few closing remarks, after which the Conference adjourned for three months. Statistical and Financial report for the Quarter. Members, 1,740; teachers, 270; meetings held, 117; average attendance, 525; Church papers, 251; Exponent. 104. Total receipts, $716.73. Disbursements: To poor, $227.62; to Temple, $79.25; home industries, $91.43; books, $12.00; buildings, $156.00; sundry disbursments, $41.00; P. E. Fund, $41.50. On hand In Cash and ProperStores, Factory, etc., Cash, ty in $158.73; Property, $7,955.95; Wheat, 1,428 bushels, and 20 pounds. Mrs, M. T. Smoot, President, Mrs. C. Daniels, Secretary. Co-o- p. LITERARY WORK FOR YOUNG LADIES. Salt Lake City, June Editor Exponent: pared. 17th. 1879. We have edited a paper in tho "Young Ladies Association" of the 19th Ward, four years the 27th of May last. The name of the paper is "Young Ladies Thoughts." It is edited monthly by the different members, and contributed to by the same; contains original essays and selections, being principally upon religious subjects. Respectfully, R; J. NoalL Secr'y of "Young Ladles Association" of tho 19 th Ward. . RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. Conference of Relief Societies of Utah Stake of Zion, held in Meeting House, Provo City, May 30th, 1879. Meeting opened by singing and prayer. Present on the stand, President M. T. Smoot and Counselors, Secretary and Cor. Secretary. Minutes of last Conference were read and accepted, after which the reports for the last quarter were read by the Secretary, show-in- g the satlstical and financial condition of the wards In the City, and also the various -- I remain your sister in4he Gospel. M. A. Till, Sec'y, Fairview, May Editor Exponent: ' semi-mout- During the winter we met in joint session with the young men, at which times we all enjoyed the spirit of the Lord. Wo meet twice a month and have sewing besides meeting. We inteud putting some quilts in for the Manti Temple. names This spring we have sixty-seveenrolled, and havo a good average attendance considering the size of our settlement. Wishing success to your valuable paper, we remain your sisters in the gospel, Mrs. Julia Rigby, Pres't Miss Ella Wilson, Sec'y. n Editor Exponent: in two weeks. The character of its articles, is moral. F. M.Neff is editor, and M.' M. Fisher assistant. Tho regular are mostly members of the Assott ciation with a few exceptions Mrs. P. Young; of Salt Lake City, has faw ored us with several very interesting pieces. From Your Friend U.S. Stillman, Sec'y. rs Mar-gare- G 03 ii en . Valley,June 2ist, 1879. Editor Exponent: I- - In answer to your notice to tho Y. L. M. A. in the Exponent of June the 1st, I subjoin the following. Wo edit a paper, its title "Tho Gem." It .was first edited Jane tho SO th 1870. It is a paper. The chartcter of its semi-monthl- y June 20 tlr 1879. We, the Young Ladies Improvement Association of the 8th Ward edit a paper called "The Amateur." The first paper was edited Nov. 29th '78 by Annie Lynch and Sarah Hawkins- At every fourth meeting the paper is read and the editors chosen to edit the next paper, among whom are Abbe R. Slater, Sarah Barney and Libbie Sheets. The articles are essays on different subjects, original poetry and a few selections. A. R. Slater, Esther Fletcher, Rose Need-ham- , Eliza Snell, Emily Berry, A. Howard, Annie Lynch, Sarah Hawkins, J. Connelly, M. Palmer S. H Leaver, R. Chamberlain are among the contributors. Since we have edited our paper more interest is taken in literary pursuits. ' Sarah Hawkins, Sec'y. MOTES AND NEWS. Wo havo a paper in our Society called "The Ladles Garland." It has been edited since May the 11th, 18Y9. It is issued onco .... hi the Gospel. Mill Creek Ward, June 15 th '79. Editor Exponent: . IGth 1879. The Young Ladies Mutual Improvement Association meets every Friday. At every other meeting we have the following pro, gramme. Reading in the Book of Mormon, select reading, prose and poetry, and essays. We called the also edit a paper "Young Ladies Companion." We tako a coDV of the Exponent which is read in nnr mpetini?s with ereat interest. The young ladies speak and bear testimony to J2asx con-t'ributo- Respectfully, M. M. Nielsen, Secretary. poe- try, composed by ono ot the counselors who edited it first lor six months; since then the most competent of our young ladies have edited and tho members contributed to it as also the president and her counselors nnd noon airmail v n sfinior sister. . . -- -- artieles is essays, an editorial, selected A Tract is in circulation, showing that in the United States alone $700,000,000 are expended for liquor, and only $95,000,000 for education. A Ladv has been admitted to the practice of law in tho Supreme Court of California, Mrs. Mary Josephine Young, of Sacramento. It is said "she passed the examination tfith credit."- - The Women of Massachuetts have suc- ceeded in obtaining the privilege of voting on school committees. The law In that State requires registration. Meetings have been held to consider their duties as voters;, speaches made on the subject, etc. Mrs. President Hayes, on Decoration Day, placed on the "unknown" tomb on Arlington Heights, an elegant placque of flowers, ; and sent 150 bouquets' to the cemetery. The President himself placed a lovely wreath of choice flowers on tho top ? of tho'colamn. ! 