WO MA a bust that might have, served a sculptor for a model shoulders broad and falling, beyond' which tapered a finely developed' waist; limbs: beautifully formed, the leg and : -- . f ex-amin- ed overdrawn, so difficult Is it sometimes to persuade people of the truth of God. are stubborn things, and are as eternaras the Grand Pyramid. Did I live to see age and sorrow dim this beloved character ?; Yes ; and I wa s the one ' that,-fo-r the truth of God, brought his grey hairs with sorrow to the grave. He did not cavil, he did not censure, but to lose those whom he loved to an intensity was more than his declining years could brook, and he silently sank into the arm of death with suppressed grief!" His life had been t.Y of such a nature that he could almost com. mand circumstances, and the love and demotion lof hls whole family had been his. "exceeding: great reward." I look back and think it almost enervated him fit made hini unprepared for suelr $ sweeping blow to iQlgjthPMwho, hadf been "the apple of his eye," of whom he was righteously proud. Reason could not meet .it, and re- - I flection and a cruel separation wa death, and silently ho bowed his bead and gave up the ghost. My tears are falling! but I turn to my God, for whom I laid this blessed man upon the altar; I turn to the undyingx soul Inhabiting the courts of glory, living now In undying youth and beauty, and the glorious .mind expanding into heavenly fi prescience of eternal life, I catch glimpses ! of light and knowledge that know and un- derstand the why and the; wherefore of that which removed htm; from this sphere r. of action. And thought his name is rem : blazoned- on no earthly, scroll of fame, I ts , -- -- - it was traced by the recording angel la the chancery of heaver," sealed with the signet of eternity! I dare say this, be cause I believe the Scriptures to be i the Word'of God, and in - them read, "Re-- Z s member thy Creator in of, thy those shall find that mo' seek youthf early me;'; and I know that ho sought him in know 1 - ; J the-day- , his youth and earl v manhood, and fbrerot nira. not in his maturer age, and therefore;. snauv bo found of him. . And I read isud "HEJhat is iaithfuLV JUi thatwhlch V .'. v.vv,l---: . i r 4 v . f- presidents of f ; tho district organizations - . N'itn-portel-fac- 0 NJE N T l EX Slstex Zina D, .Young, SaraKv St Kimball Hannaw T. KinandtiJmmelmo B! Wells, of Sal t ; Lake Ci ty;-- t wereV In ; attendaricer Lord." jpol those iwords mean. nothing? Favorable reports were received from the"; AtQ they not rather addressed to every one districts of the county. .After explanatory who in sincerity and according to the best i remarks .by PresrrMrSrniDotrelatlve .. to to have the "straight and light they the local organization arid business, Bishop" keep k narrowway that Jeadeth untovllfe?"- - Oh, , Wm.JPaxman spoke, encouragingly s of the : most , assuredly be shall efforts of the sisters; the This, then, Uowedbyder of beloved Daniel and venerated epitaph Ihlr the adoption Graves, who advocated - of Uhe ' me character "Well done, good and faithful - kno wn thod by servant." as the Cottage Culture of SUk. Advised a , Finis. liberal sowing of . lettuce seed this fall, as lettuce leaves could be 'used for feeding the ADVICE TO YOUNG LADIES. young worms In case the lato frosts of the coming spring should "destroy the first crop John Ruskin gives the following advice of mulberry leaves, as'was the case in some to young ladles: "In order to investigate t districts the past season; also advised the trie's self, it is ; wellto' find out what one is secretaries of the districts to be careful and ; now. D6rit think. Vaguely about It. Take T I preserve on record correct; statements of pen and paper arid write down as accurate a the silk and eggs produced, that true statis-ttcas of is possible, arid, if description yourself reports; could bo obtained! if required, find out not i youdareYnot,' Mrs. Zinaj D. Young, President of Dese why you iaret i arid try and; get strength of heart enough to ret SUk' Association, assured the members look 'yourself In the face,' mind as well as ; j of the Association that Pres.. John Taylor was greatly Interested .in the success of body, Always bavertwo inirrors on your I care dress Sericulturet aridthat he was using his Jin. dressing, table, and with proper1 fluenco' with a view to practical results" in mlnct and body "at libel1 eame time,s' Put th e ere'etiori of suitable buildings, with imyour tbest intelligence to finding outwliat for the manufacture of you are good for and what you can be made proved machinery; e Bllkuf-thinto. The mere resolve not to be useless the Territory. Encouraged the to and the honest desire help other people planting'of tho mulberry tree in all the In most will available space. tnat could be found, for or-- ;; the quickest and idellcatojway, naniental trees, live fence, or direct service accomplishments Improve 6neT 6elf.L-A-ll '.. should be considered as means of assisting , in sericulture, that the children may have Sn opportunity of being trained In habits others. In music get the voice disciplined ; ex-.: and clear, and think of Iridustry. 7 Due notice would be given of only of accuracy; x pression and effect will take care of them, :L any general : movement ipf,r'the: proposed selves. So in drawing; learn.to set down4 ei territorial JEeeting, that the?:esidency ! :l Van op-the right shape of anything and thereby 2 the StakesXndistricta might 'have portiiriltyof aiteridirig,. :yp explain its character to another person: but . Others pi the sisters frorn Salt Lake City if you try only to make; showy drawings 'offered J remarksj inthericourageut of: rfbr praise or pretty lonesMbr lamriscment, t thebusinessit giving good eouelarid vad- -i your drawing will have little or no real for you ;and rio educaliorial; pow'er r vice InTegardjto the obseVyarice of .every to somedo Besolvo whatever. every day effbrt;ibeingj made to, make, theV business a success, .extending JheiC remarks" to por- thing useful in the vulgar sense. Learn h the economy of the kitchen; the, good arid v trayirig the virtues ahd ambitidn that should of every common article of , r; characterize the .: mothers In Israel Jn help; ' food, and the simplest and. best mode j'ol I i ng" to Sustain ZIon, not jpriiy ; Iri"making the their preparation; help poorer families tin , . 7;ipre)cpf.hVdaagn the to how in make., ...workmnsl their cooking, showing them their as much of every thing as. possible and howji all the virtues cniidrenin training y to make little, nice; coaxing and: tempting;! the f proiessionsofr Latter-dabecomjn 7 tiiem into tidy and pretty way?, and plead-Saints.: Meeting adjourned until the 14th of Febr ing for well folded table cloths, however lW r. . out of two or their 7r p ,.,.t . coarse, and f for a flower a v , ;:' ... A. J ones. Sec'y. garden to strew on them. One should; at:. asV the end of eyery dayibeuable to tsay, if' proudly: as ady peasant,that she has riot eat--. OP MY THOUGHTS en' the bread of idleness. Get quit of the absurd idea that heaven wiir interfere; to, ES3AY READ BEFORE A MEET INCl. OF THE correct great errors, while following Its laws:;; M. I. A,j llTn-WAB- J. ':jX'l: XY.i to take their own course in punishing small P. ones. If food Is carelessly prepared, no one r i tjLg this' Assdclat Ion is for th e lrbprove-I expects Pr0vldenco 4o make lit palatable;; ment of the young,' Twill endeavor to write neither, ! througheafs of ioilyyou, mis? V think will bo a benefit to the f!' that which ! guide your own life,rieed you expect divine to aha aware that as also I at myself to around girli interference bring everything there are many temptations for the young, ' least Tor' the best, j I tell you posltivelyj the and unless we larp pray erf ul.the adversary: wofld IsnptI6 cons willjiaver power over us to lead us to deccs ofcreat mistakes are Just as sure as struction; therefore it behooves us to be those of small ones, and ; the, happlriesi of . seek ; earnestly ; to Ood: for a your wholo life, and of aU the lives over it ti diligent and; testimony t of thia work, v It grieves me Which you have power, depends as literally; j I- see course that on your own common sense and discretion. I ; very much fwhen aro' Jthq takirigrrthose who rnany: of iour girls , a as the excellence and order of the feast C have i been raised in ; this Church.; They day. do not'seem to realize what theyjare doing, and';that itjWlli bring sorrow. to them in a meeting; t dayJ to coineVvUTftfiey thlriE;of;is the Enn rMeoti ng of : the U tah Cou nty:SiikrAiso- pleae;:itwili , not give the future : a thought v Wo hear elation, held Nov. 8, 1879, at Provo City. : -- .eaidetiiQlieaenceoOJr somq girls makingebo remarks in reference rtomarxiagOrTW -Bmobt, : ment; I, have taxed my memory and cannot recall an imperfection in externals, and the features, lot mo not forgot them. Forget them?; r Memory .is immortal on them. Where shall I commence? The forehead, equally high and broad ; the eyes quiet but penetrating eyes you could not meet if you had anything to conceal; the nose Grecian; the mouth I can feel its beau tyibetter than describe it! have never -seen another that resembled it; even his children did not possess it. It seemed chls. eled, and the lips fitted into each other with perfection; the cbplexibn the very :. picture of health. The charm of the face lay In the great goodness of the expression, which was benevolence find love. Had a phrenologist known this character and this head, he would have said, "I require no farther proof, phrenology is a science." Charity, benevolence, purity, yes, all that the heart looks for in man, was shadowed forth in this venerated character. Am I partial? I have a. right to be; but truly, my pen cannot, by any means, do justice here, or my language would be called flattering, Inflated, and my picture : v least; is faithful also in: much."7 And to him that laid out the talents committed to his care it was said, "Well done, good arid faithful servant, enter into the joy of tby i foot might have vied with a veatris;, the hand, as is;usual corresponding, pulpy and tapering to the extremities; general carriage noble, the walk! vigorous and elastic, firm, but agile, the foot firmly planted, and the body I flexilel and graceful in every move- mS c : the-Assbciati- oa ; , . , . : : , ! al : -- , !:t . -- ; : -- i V,,-:- in-tere- bad-qualitie- . ' st "J s ; "! X . , . ruary,-1830.r.- - a- j " s . rFEW . tzl 1 -- L -- ; - jf silk ? prosldingwc 5 