It, a BEPOBT& Report of the Heber City Relief Society foRtho quarter ending April 30, 1879. j On hand Feb. 2, 1879, $24 GO; received during the quarter, $1940;" TotaV$43'70. Disbursed to the poor, $33 C5. Balance on hand at date,' $10 05. Z id actlvo Tbe Mrs. 48. members; averago attendance, Mur-dock Margaret Mulr, President; Mrs. Ann Mrs. CounselElizabeth Basband, ani Ellen ; 'Mrs. Lee, Secretary; Mrs;nMe-- : ors; lissa Beynolds, Assistant Secretary; Mrs. Jioalsa Jphnsos; Treasurer. For the quarter ending July 31,4879: Donations received,'$14 90. ' Disbursed to Balance in Treasury, the poor $7 25 flotjtVn -- - $7 05.:.: .' I. A '1- - On Friday and Saturday, July 17 and 18, r the young ladies of theBeai-iJLak- e Stake of Zion held their first Conference in Paris,' the Belief Society, under, the presidency of Sister Lindsay, folding; Cohference JoIntly.j Sisters E. B. Snowy; M;L Horaey iB.aM,s Kimball and S. M: Hey wood were present. President Charles O. Bich was on the stand both days, and by request gave; some good Instructions. Elders : James H. Hart and) George Osmond, also: addressed the Confer- -. Pugmire and! her Counselors, Amy E. Cook and Alice Bich addressed the large audience with marked nhilltv. and worn H??f nnnd riu juuiuuuu. xuieres ami uiieuuua. r After singing and prayer, Pres. Nancy "Pn&triirtk ftllrirlorl a marin esses in the next world? Is not that worth living for? So let us bo faithful,' do all we can to elevate ourselves; knew we had tal. ent in our midst. Remember, wo stand on the principle of righteousness, and hot fine - -- 1 Advocated home manufacture; he .always patronized it as far as practicable. If we stop Importing we would soon become an independent people. Endorsed the sisters' remarks. Said "Continue to labor and you will be blessed and sustained in all clothes.- things." Sister Snow el t to urge the manufacture Osborn, President Cousins being absent Said their organization was of but recent date, yet there was an interest awakened among the young ladies, and they were anxious to improve in everything that was .. elevating and good. ; Sister Kimball said she had listened with great interest to the reports; hardly expected to find us so far advanced. Was pleased to see that union and good feeling prevail among us, and the willingness manifested in responding to the calls bo promptly. Wished to encourage the editing of papers in 'our associations, thus giving an! opportunity to exercise all the literary ability we may possess. Felt to thank God Ifbr l the : earnestness that characterizes every move" of the young sistere in Bear Lake. ,r Sister Home said she could see considerable improvement in tho young ladles of Bearl4ake slii glad to see the young shoulder the responsibilities as well as they did. It Would not be "long before we would realize the result of our labors. Felt to give her faith and prayers that we may continue .in the good work in spite of any opposition. Satd we had those at the helm whot if we listened, could teach us true principle, and there was much praise due those who stepped forward so willingly; she knew the Lord would bless and strengthen : them and fit and qualify them for their labors. Advised us to begin right at the alphabet of our religion, so as to have a good : foothold; it would always prove a safeguard under all circumstances. Wished us to do away with all slang phrases cultivate refinement : in every form, clothe our minds with suitable thoughts, even If we did not pay so much attention to outward adorning. Thought there was great credit due the gleaners of Bear Lake; felt confident the, Lord would bless those who did all they could to store away grain for the time of need, and that would be obeying counsel also. "Wanted to have the. number of papers duly reported that were taken by the sisters, and what papers they were. Felt to urge the necessity of home manufacture in all branches practicable. Becommended Sister Suow's poems for the perusal of the young people, and all , the Church works.! Also c d us to inculcate , true principle and correct morals in the minds of the young. i Bro. Bich expressed great pleasure in meeting with the young, ladies. Said he was pleased to boo how earnest they .were in the good "work they were engaged in, considered it praiseworthy. Was acquaint-ei.wit- h tho. sisters who were visiting us, in tfauvoo; they were good sisters and worthy of our; attention. Said we lived in the last dispensation, when the Lord had again spoken, and we must heed. He sometimes thought we hardly appreciated the blessings we enjoy daily,, For instance, those who have their sight don't always appro, elate it, and never could until deprived of it.We can aspire to almost anything, if we live worthily before the Lord. And is there anything more desirable than the Holy Priesthood to be queens and priest of straw, for that was within our' reach; little boys and girls could help us materi- ally in that branch. Suggested the forming of a committee in each association for that purpose; felt assured we could make a sue cess of It In Salt Lake there was too much of the gross element to go Ihto that business. God had given us ability, and not altogether for our own personal advantage, but to help benefit others. Asked the Lord to bless the efforts of the ypung people of Bear LakeiVI'-"-U- Mrs. L. M. Hart was elected Stake Secre. tary,sand Miss addejRich, Stake Tre- ,: BEAU LAKE CONFERENCE Y. iu numbered but few, they were wide awake in the cause and anxious for advancement. Pres. Julia Budge represented the Second Ward of Paris as being in a fair condition. Many of the glrl3 were away in the sum mer Beason, engaged in the- - dairy business and other ways, consequentlylho meetings ; were not so well attended. Ovid was represented by the President of the Primary Association. Tho organizan-izatio- n being so near Conference they had riot met aS yet. Montpelier was represented by 1 Abbie fan ovnvlra -- mutual improvement! Mrs. i L. M. Hart. Secretary, read reports from the various as sociations throughout - the Stake, dating from time of organization to r the present, giving a report of eight associations, all in good working order, having 273 members, and showing ,a good average attendance. Some were newly organized. The reports sliow a healthy; financial: condition, and alter liberal disbursements have a credita, ble surplus in the treasury;. Pres. Alice Itich, of the First .Ward of Paris, represented that Association; said It was evident to all that the desire to improve was. becoming general. They, had established a five cent Temple Fund, which met with great favor. They alsos edited a paper monthly, which was" calculated to give Interest to their meetings, and develop ? ah intellectual element ttiatotberwlse'would ' V not be called Into action. jil Pres. Hetty Dunn represented Blooming-ton- ; said the young ladies there were tryto ing keep pace with other settlements In the good work of improvement ; They tooan active part in gleaning last summer, which, enabled them to stow away considerable grain. They had the foundation laid for a good having on xibeary, hand book to the amount f $22.; 4 .res. Sarah Aired represented St Charles Association. Bald that scarcely three months had elapsed jincoBhe-toocharge there. They edited a montbly paper, entitled "The Intellectual Gem;" It j brought out the talents of, the young, that, would otherwise be lying dormant.- - orT tf -President of Lako Town being absent, jCcunselor fMrs. E. Cook represented the Association.Amy Said the prospects were that when they had gained the experience of. older associations, theyJ ' could report as favorably as any;. , --H Tyson presented the President being absent Bald Bandolph, altbimgh they ' -- , -- '- -- ; - 4 - recom-monde- . ; - . ' asurer., Sister "'.t.,;:,,,;,. Lindsay, thought the ypung ladies , had done remarkably well ; encouraged them in - Hoped they would be able to retain the good instructions they had received, and put them into practice. Wished the Presidents of Primary Associations to be prefent in'the afternoon,-t-o give in their reports. Singing. Benediction. well-doin- g. MrtSr L. M. Hart, Sec'y. OBDEB. I have chosen Order, for a subject to write upon. "Order is the first law of heaven." then how essential it Is for us to observe order in all'places, at all 'times and e3 pecially In a place of worship, for where order is observed-ther- e will be peace, and will of God the spirit prevail; therefore it is necessary for n to keep order in our meetings: the younger girls should try to keep from whispering and laughing as it is . very m.mannerea, nenner is tne Liora plpased with it; and our meetings were organized to teach us the way of the Lord aud although we cannot become perfect all at once yet If We keep oh trying we1 will at last aucced ahd come off victorious and in the end wear the the righteous. to How beautiful go into a house where order is perfect kept, there we see happiness beaming from v the faces of both mother and children; land every thing works as harmoniously as clock-wor- k : whenever we visit such a home we aro not in a hurry to leave, but we love to stay and see the happlness, and feel the .'peaceful Influence of the spirit of ,God for, iu such a home It dwells. Order is the'key to comfort in eveiy home and without it all Is disorder fretfulness Jand tle 'result; , Order Is a very easy lesson for achlld to learn and would spohV becomeas ' .eas for them to put things; io ! her 'proper .places, as to throw them down anywhere bdt if we wish children to do right, we must sot the crown-o- f are , . examplias they are' ever-o- the watch to see what those, that rare older than themselves dOj and are' everr.readjf gfr pattern after them, whe ther i t he good br'ovii; that we may set a godd elaniple kt all times is : v my earnest prayer' . ':'tiX: . " ' . ' ' ;fV S. A. CAMEEON Father Hyacinthe Is advocating of priests in Paris? : tfcio mar-ria- go 