. EXPONENT. THE WOMAN'S ' ' '' ' ' Fl ...ft 1,' : - - ' ' . ' , ' scrtbe showed - " - it to the king, and the king com-mnnd- his high priests and scribes, to go and inquire of the Lord for him concerning the words of the 'book. Now these wise and great 'men went to a woman (what a prophetess.,, (and -- herdff eft itt' Jerusalem in the college,) and" ' they communed1 with her." Well, what did this wcijiaj do? She said, "Thus saith the Lord God of Israel, tell the man that sent you to mevl'And she told them what should transpire, and confirmed' the prophecies contained in the book, and established its validity; and wodo'not hear of any one questioning the njaiteiybut we, read that the king caused the book to be read , in a solemn assembly before all the men of Judah, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and the priests and the prophets and all the people both great and Bmall. And thus we must look upon Huldah as authority in this instance. There are abundant testimonies that God acknowledges woman as capable of thinking and acting for herself, also, that j she could be trusted with, sacred messages. .To whom did Jesus first show himself after his resurrection? To a woman and she ran to tell his disciples. There is no fear in regard to the recognltiou of women in the great events that are about to transpire In the earth; but there is a large amount of ignorance on this subject that it would be well to dispel, and' which certainly must-givway before the rapidly increasing and steady march of light and true progress. wiss-men- , cOn-drmoiil)"B- p8bllilie-autl- ii Terms: One eopy one year, 13.00; cme.ccsy six months, ratesr Each square, ten: lines of time, fiOOj'per raonth, 1300. njrcll tpe.ce, one ..lie'diaerani to H 'irC; Y 'rcgnUradTertlser Exponent QJOce, Lowers West Boom of the Council Bttsioese , hour House, South Temple fltieet. from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. ererjr day except BoncUy. , J Address all bagineiV communication' tp ' ' PaLlUber Woman's Expokxht, .Vr'rA ... 8att take CHty, Utah. SALT lkECTreVj()CT--1518'-t--- WISE WOMEN OF SCRIPTURE. We have lately been reading in the writing of one of the great men of the day, that in contemplating the live of some men it is difficult to imagine that they ever sfrod at "a mother's knee and listened to fairy tales and ghost stories, with ' which ' infancy in particular Is so often amused." This is amusing in itself, when One considers the part of . the mother towards her offspring, and the relation' ship in which woman stands to the world. Why shouldn't this great man have been boi n an infant like other men? Jesus was born of a woman, and no doubt listened to MaryY teachings. But, forsooth, now a days it is hardly possible to believe that such things ever transpired in the lives of men who have risen to eminence. this same writer to However, 11 I - .J I -auuueu II. J io comess we is eumpeueu wuuiu inai the o i&tinguisht d man of whom he is speaking had a mother who was not only affectionate and tender, but also wise, and, moreover, that she prophesied (think of it!) of "the remarkable rtte he was to play in (he nineteenth century, although she did not live to see her prophecy fulfilled," It is common to refer to the Bible to prove that woman should be in subjection to man, that she is not his equal in wisdom and intelligence, or in executive ability. No wonder, when from generation to generation she has been held as goods and chattels, and her opinion c ntldered only In domestic aflaira as worthy of consideration. But in ancient times, according to the Bible, gi eat deference was paid to the opinions of women; so that we have -a piectdent Jn Scripture to go back to for maintaining an honorable position for woman. Where can we find more illustrious women than those whose histories are recorded In the "book of books." Deborah, who "judged Israel forty years and there was peace in the land." She was not only the chief executive power, but according U the best authority the also made sjme laws, and certainly, if we can believe the Inspired writers, led armies to battle, and delivered her people out of the bauds of ' their enemies. Many are the inspired prophetesses oi which the Scriptures tell us; no doubt they were very kimilar m a l reepects to the women of this Church at the present day, and quite a bureau. Did the kings and prophets ever refer to them in important matters? They did, as will bo seen by reference lo'the twenty-thir- d chapter of the 11 Book of Kings, beginning at the fcih verse; read aud see lor yurstlves how woman was honored by th high priest, the scribe and others. Tne high priest found the book of the Ja w of the Lord in the ana he gavo it to the scribe to read, Temple and the -- 1- '. A ' ed he e HOME AFFAIRS. 8. Reports are now ready at the "Deseret News Office; 5 cts each. Orders sent from any part of the Territory will be attended to, and blanks sent promptly by mail. We had intended to publish notes of the Fair, Sunday School Union, Meeting of the Y. M. aud Y. L. M. I. A., and other things of special interest to the Saints, but limited space prevents; however, these will appear In our next issue, Nov, 1. The first number of "The Contributor," a new monthly magazine for the young people, was issued the first of this month. It presents a very nice appearance in its plain grey paper cover, and is well filled with solid, entertaining and instructive reading matter. We congratulate the editor, (our young relative) upon the success he has met with thus far, and trust The Contributor" may prove a blessing to the young people of this Tenitory, and that they will not be backward in sending literary con- tributions. A NEW book, the first of a series, has been published recently at the office of the "Juvenile Instructor," entitled "Faith-Promotin- g SeriesMy First Mission," by Eider George Q. Cannon. It is well adapted to the use of Bun-d- ay Schools, and is an Interesting, truthful little work. Children of the Latter day Saints should make themselves acquainted with the lives ot the Apostles of the present day, and of all g jod men.. We are pleased to recommend this little book tojhe youngand look forward with pleasure to the time when the schools and Sunday Schools can be furnished with books written by the Saints. Forty-nint- h Bemi-Annu- al Latter-day-Sain- Mrs. Susanna Homestead, being desiious of promoting the interest of home manufac. ture in her special branch of industry, Artifi- cial Flowers, desires us to solicit patronage for her through the columns of the Exponent. She wishes to take a class, or classes, for in this pleasant and useful occupa-tioShe has been practically engaged in this work thirty years, and understands it She has stamps, colors and all kinds of materials needed in teaching. She teaches the French style of work, having been under the tuition of her sister, who learned the art of making flowers in Paris, Sister Homestead feels sure she can give perfect satisfaction as a teacher. It is a pursuit in which one might delight, and one which certainly ought to be encouraged as a home industry, for there are thousands of dollars expended in this Territory for this one little article, that inight, with suitable material, at a very small cost, be made at home. Those desiring to make ar.ange-menwith .Mrs. Homestead for lessons, will find ber at Mrs. Reed's, on Main Street Sign of John W. Reed, Harness shop. NewTabernacle. We have been requested to publish the following notice, for the benefit of those who were unable to be present at and if the response to the teachers is as unanimous as the vote in the meeting, we are assured by the committee that the work on the Tabernacle will be prosecuted with all possible dispatch, until completed for public n. thor-ough- y. ts Blanks to fill out for R. The ' the circumstances of the people, and the condi-tio- n of things in general throughout the entire Church, and yet replete with that spiritual element that is the true inspiration and motiv t. , We had power of every real the pleasure of attending every meeting-whil- e the Conference lasted and participated in the good spirit and feeling that was specially manifest. It is time the Latter-da-y Saints increased in faith and holiness and good works, and hid adde those frivolous, trifling things that hinder the progress of truth and the preparation necessary in this last dispensation for the coming of the Savior. Confer- ence, held on the 6tb, 7th and 8th of this month was a very interesting one, and was numerously attended. The musio and singing was excellent and Inspiring, and the preaching was of a character sufficisntly practical to suit . Con-ferenc- e, "nse: With a view to aiding the Bishops in raising funds for the completion of the Hew Tabernacle, at the Quarterly Conference, Sunday, Oct. 5, President Angus M. Cannon submitted the following proposition: That every man, woman and child, as members of the Church in this Stake of Zion, shall donate the amount of one day's labor, in the kind of pay they work for, or the proceeds of one day's income, to be paid within one month from date. When this proposition was put to vote, it was unanimously responded to by the uplifted hands of the congregation present. Prest. Cannon then expressed his pleasure at witnessing such a cheerful response, and desired the Bishops to bate their Teachers visit every family ln; their respective Wards, to ascertain the kind and amount of means to come from each, to as to furnish the committee, within one month, the funds necessary to Aurry up the completion of the building. The Bishops are therefore te- quested to have this matter attended to imme-- ; diately, so that the buidlDg may be fully prepared for use at our next Quarterly Conference. ; George Goddard, In behalf of Commit' ee. Educational Association. The Educational Association met Saturday evening last in the Thirteenth Ward Assembly Boom; the attendance was not large, in fact, the roll showed a much larger number- abaent than wer9 present.; This is noT'mrjilmen(aj - 