THE! WOMAN'S Season EXPONENT; ' it stirred the latent fountains of poetry In Qur!Batur4.&&ite6 ltp' the sentiment Within to harmonize with the beautiful withbut. After dashing along at railroad speed for five days and a half We reached Washington Wednesday to., so comnietely worn but forwabt of; able; io sleep and. rest that the bed was luncheon in the fine hotel Vhere bur good friends, the. National Suffragists, had quartered j ! Edit. Pabliahed semi-monthl- la Salt Iake City,' Utah. y, One copy one year, 12.00; one copy six months, Term Ten copies tor the price of nine. Adrertlalng rates; Each square, ten lines of nonpareil p&ce one time, 13.00; per month; $3.00. A Hfccral dlsconnt to regular advertisers. . Exponent Office, Boom No. 1, tip stairs, Old Constitution Building, East Temple Sticet. Business h,ours ?" from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday.; ' ' Adtress all business communications to UO0. , during their stay at thConventlon.r ?f Here we were cordially welcomed, by' Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, wjiose nanie ,is"elIL known to our readers, and Miss Susan whose name has rung from, one end of the country . to the" other In connection with "woman'ja suffrage.'? These good ladies sought to make us feel perfectly at home; and ,when soon after In came Mrs. Sara Andrews Spencer, whom we met face toace for the firit time, our heart went forth in great waves of love to " : Publisher Womajt's ExpoimiT, Salt Lake City, Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, FEB. 1, - "OVER THE HILLS AND FAR AWAY." American nation. I- -' The first day from home, in passing through the canons ancj along the narrow -- gorges, with magnificent mountains on either sider we were wrapt in admiration of the loftiness.and grandeur of the wonderful old monumental rocks, which make man, in his reverence for jthat which is sublime, pay homage to the; great Creator of the universe. They stood, towering up above all the world, like old. cast Jes, towers -- and battlements, and suggestively recalling to memory the tales of good King Arthur and the bearded knights strongrioliis, securely fortified on all sides from their 'enemies. - Our vivid imagination drew maiiyzauiint- - plctureofwhat might have walls thadiibesetm Jraaspjredithlnltbese castles. of rock been mensosluctures petrified Of the harp and the lyre with which the gay troubadour soothed the sorrows of the master, while he made love to some beauteous maiden, who, though rich in a noble name and avast Inheritance, paid a loving tribute to genius, and was Captivated by the graced and gallantry ' ' of a poor troubadour. Of the brave warriors, too, who made love in a prouder fasnion whoid bold deeds that they might win the affection of some lady-lov- e whose heart could bnly be reached through her admiration of fearlessness atid courage. Ideas But :we mustnot linger drawingjt of 'romance ponrpiier to put;! before our readers, Who aieiongi ng tot iearii of the realities p( life Itself in tho city of Washington; be enthusiastic over the thus, while we might r scenery on the XJnion Pacific, and; even tell them we4, saw a herd of antelope Dunjbering graceprobably seventy beautiful, bright-eyeful iittla animals, our readers would Impashe tiently exclaim, M Why in the world don't ' 1 , far-fame- d d, ' tellbs something about Washington?? Patience, good.friends, all in good time--fllet us speak of the nMiasisslppi," which so' many iang "years ago we crossed in the dead of winter on the ice, with a little handful of poordespised Mormons compelled to flee from the hands of .their assailants into a barren wilderness. Our feelings in recalling these scenes can only be appreciated by th'ose who endured rst ": the same fatigues, who shared the sam perils, "or the sake of coming tponer to, the part of 2f article which willbe mostfeadjly-devpuredwe will pas over all the beautiful scenery, leave on t descriptions of tunnels and and only tell you that the country on all , snow-shed- s, sides through the State of Pennsylvania must in the leafy season of the year surpass all attempts at description; eve&&$ this unpleasant , An-thon- y, 1879. On the third day of the Now Year we bade adieu for a short time to pur 'mountain home4,, and traveled as fast as steam and rail could convey us towards the great Capitol of the r , her for her courageous defense of the' women t of Utah here in the Congress of the 'National Capitol, and under the broad flag of freedom to all men. At some future time we mayj gftve , you pen sketches bf these illustrious ladles, but at present we can only glance at them and pass ! on. Mrs. Spofford the hostess of the liouse, ; also Canife to enquire kindly after our welfare, hearing we had come off a long Journey.5 The first evening ailei we Arrived In Washington, a preliminary meeting of the N; W. .S. A. was held at ;thef residence of Belva A. -Attorney and Solicitor,' and plans were made for the two days' session. Everything to a large seemed very strange to hotel full of people of fashion, grarid old aristocrats from the north and the south; Among " :lhe"inbmber: are some very fine looking elaerly Seii-atmen, who are mempers bf tke House and Lock-woo- d, , e.t Vice- - here, and several other distinguished men and women. ipeopIf both Thursday morning, Jan. 9, in company with em 1 New York and other papers, U another very clever woman who1 knows how to talk and has got something to talk about. She also was extremely well dressed. Helen M; Cook, another lady correspondent Is eyidetly a very talented from New-orklady, v Indeed there were so many pleasing ladies of culture and ability'it would be impossible to enumerate them in one short chapter. Indeed, we have heard and seen so many peo ple and so ' much which deserves attention w e haveagddd stock In trade at the present date of that eorfc of material, which is a powerful element in newaoaner articles. R tiffin it tn say we met ladies from nearly all parts of the States, all very pleasant pedple7generous and kindly in feeling, almost entirely without prejudice towards our people, because of the broad platform on which they stand before the world. They are noble women, with lofty aspirations and intelligent ideas. They have already accomplished a great deal in educating women in the practical lessons pi life ; pne woman more we must mentjony and thence will leave this copter, butnqri-kiii.firieiids you shall hear more aboUt' jBujQ&agu1 mjanien,;Mrs. Sara Andrews Spencer must not be tor- , ' tory when it 'is wittelav Shb possesses great executive ability,' has a very goooV voice, is gifted jwith fine expressionuses the choicest words, and sums everything up In the most concise and Comprehensive manner. She is the woman who is behind the" curtain doing thft wnrfenf a dozen nromftti. All for th hp.npfit of her sexand, her heart is In it; everbody who? bearsf her speak lendws she, speaks from the soul, and she has as. fine talents as one could ask for to make a mark in the world to win fame But she is slowly plodding in the j work of reform in this great city, and working her way along against the woman of fashion, the woman who don't want to vote, who's got all the rights she wants; and by and by she's going to win. So much for the .pioneer Workers inrWoman's Suffrage. ; , , i Mrs. Stanton. Mfss Anthony and pirv. Spofford we drove to Lincoln Hall. Mrs. Stanton made the opening speech. She is very beautiful for a woman of her years; her hair Is magnificent, and as she arranges it seems almost like a crown. She .was neatly and tastefully attired in a figured satin dress with a train, which she deeniaas necessity on account of her size, and presided at the Convention of the N. W; S. A, during the two days, and also evening sessions, with a great deal of dignity and never e not even when moment lost her V warm discussion took place between Fred. Douglas, Marshall of the DIs. of Columbia, g t and Mr, Pervls of Philadelphia, the last very States Jtights versus stroiigpeech--'TJnite- d "Lillla Devereux Blake," correspondent of , jfu-efe- Mrs. Matilda Joslyn Gage, in a very elegant garnet colored'; Uk dreasyalsb fdellvered a . HOME AFFAIRS. for-on- self-possessi- on, Snolv the Convention. In that respect she reminded us very much of our dignified 'woman-leader, Misi E. R. Snow; yet in other respects the two are very unlike. Mrs. Stanton is short and very piump; she is extremely travels about and lectures as if she were a young rwoman, (here is 1 another i 3ict similarity between the two), i Miss Anthony Is In eyey reppect, Mrs. Stan-- , on the ton's oppositej Is woman question t he entirely different from what one would fancy, in reading about her, Upon theplatform she wore avery rich black silk dress trimmed with velvet and lace. In many respects she Is a very remarkable woman. She possesses great firmness and strength of character and is a famous talker;? her voice fl not as pleasant as Mrs Stanton's; but her words are sharp and incisive, and she never Bjtters a senteLce In public that Is not calculated, from its construction, to strike deep at the foundation of the evil of WhiclT she speaks. Her best lecture delivered here was "Bread her l4bpraof love and duty she eapied alt the regard that is colatlnutly pflered to Her Ori JVglstjshe 75 a years, her sisteM, with lIrs. lUrgaretP "Young t ilieir head, Inaugurated a surprise party in and well-preserve- d, f r .her iibndrr .The large parlor of the Lion House with its adjplning suite pf rooms were thrown open for the reception of the visitors, and every party was by the larger assembly. u At 7 oclpc supper, was announced, when the-- company adjourned to the dining room where an elegant table was spread with .every luxury needed for the reception and enjoyment of the ' I Pt ejpti)ihej,ipl . gUestS.i ;'ro ." T.-- i' ''."V Among he company were President John Taylor and; his wife, President Joseph Young, Presidents nFrankllh D. Blcbarda and Aigus Canbbn and wives. After reluining to the drawing room; addrefscs were cfieredlby ;be above nambd gentleman" and several others; several ladies also oflered addisseitnusic and singing Intervened, andsomeapprbpriate toasts vrere given i Sister Snow then arose tb expies8 her rich appreciation 6f all that had been ; 3t T and thrBaliot" I of uncbniprfmilstng iptegrity, hr unifdrm life ' has eve-nin- of UidoSiiier.' Ellzi B. bne whom all deligh t to bonor; and by A; Most ; Happy i - ! 