A WOMAN. When something must be done 'lis clear That very broad la woman' sphere, Hovr broad nono o'er will know I fear Except, a woman. Who labors from tbo dawd of dayt Loat past tholeuasets latest rayt And always at ber post must stay. A worn in By wbom a thousand duties done, Patiently, wlacly, ono by one Though weary oft, neglected nono , A woman. A need of rest she ne'er must feel, Or change, her nerve are made of slccfi Because 6bo Is Oh direfull 111 ! A woman. 'Lords of Creation!" mutt bo free, Exempt from care of progeny, Responsible of courao must bo, A woman. The first In Jife, the last In death , , r Prom the first feeble, fluttering breath, Unto the end, who suffereth? ' A woman. The first and last to sorrow share. Bearing contagion, scorning care. Who tends the suffering everywhere? A woman. From the Creations earliest dawn, When mother Eve was in ''.the wrong, Alf kinds of sin, Is put upon A woman. So quickly tarnished is her namof Yet she alone must bear the shame, And every one Is sure to blame A woman. , . , Some retribution there must be, Some o call'd men ViU never see," Throughout a long Eternity A womau. Ungrateful from their very birth Tbeyncrvefprteed their mofherrwbrtti, To them a theme, for jest or mirth A woman; I class not all, upon this list, Good men are rare, but they exist, Good men will always dare asiist A woman. manl protects a feebler thing, A man! is nobler than a king, To such a man! will always cling A woman. 'TIs Woman's right! her nature to Appreciate the brave and true, No serf is he that's helpful to A woman. 'Tis Woman's right! with man to sharo Iteward and rest, as well as care, Not generous this, but just and fair To woman. A Emily Hill Woodmanses. fFor the ExroarsNi. THOUGHTS ON THE POETS. The ioets!say iho prophets, for they are Gemini, i.e. "tho Twins." The poetical the MSam",nti3KeVer Poetic-re- ad and you will know it. Isa ah Ezekiel, David, Solomon and other biblical character?, were of tho highest order Whom' 1Ik0 maDy others 0f brethren, "the world was not worthy " But it is of modem poets, i. o. within tho last few centuries,; that havo been think- ing about and wish now to say few words upon; but when I look upon llu I uuuuense mat Which would fill I that it be a poet to Judge the poetsl that complex .volumes wiU preuUso affinity. Let fine the an '? Judgcd a moment teously by "makeup" of the 0'0ukiDd W,n,HiDffand a moro jS'aw bestoW a stTonger delicate sensibility which two will engender a temperament quick to feel and keen to" suffer, 'and a species of martyrdom will bo their entrance into tho Temple of Parnassus-ran- d It should over be borne in mind that tho question,' or the criteria, is not what certain beings are called upon ; to suffer, but how they are formed to bear. Iq the crude, impromptu judgment of the . wouIdbe "Daniels," who so flippantly take that responsible position, all this Is never thought of, or entirely ignored. Persons of . common-plac- e minds, who have no comprehension of tho high vocation of tho poets, who havo no soul to soar, or capability to delvo with them, or understand their high office, or their complex nature yet 'these, these take tho judgment seat, jmss the verdict, and belle ve their decision is oracular! "Angels and ministers of grace defend" the poets from such a "court." I would like to quote Tennyson's biting words on such, but I havo not' room; suffice they are written. 1 1 seems the highest order of poets had to be "broken on the wheel" to bring out the glory of their gift. Tassd; Byron, Shelley, Pope, Co wper, these and many more were among the martyrologies their biographies are bofore the world, and fine 'lessons are to ' be derived therefrom. Now, like Banquo's ghosts, let us pass In review before our mental vision a few of those gifted boihgs. i We will first tako Goldsmith. Who has not read his "Vicar of Wakefield?" the original of which was his own dear father. "The Village Schoolmaster" Is drawn from his own early teacher, and thd leading incident in '3he stoops to Conquer" was his own adventure. Ho had a great desire for foreign travel, but being had not tho means; ho there, JWPporte fore decided, and actually accomplished, a tour on foot through Holland, France, Germany and Italy; and no doubt theae wan- denngs Imparted great Interest to his writings. He had no cnmnanTW fmf M which often procured him a night's lodzlne ww "" "wuuo, xix mis. way ne wandered over those fair lands, hallowed by past associations and existent beauty. Observation was ever his tutor, and by that his muse was cultivated and' his character formed. Ho ever carried out the glorious mission of the poet hat of elevating' and purifying human nature and alleviating "the thousand ills that flesh Is heir to," as for as In him lay, and Illustrating one of the beautiful aphorisms of bur Savior, that "the children of this world are, in their genera, turn, wiser than the children of light." He took but little thought of the bread that . penshctb, but was ono of those beings who overdrew around him friends whoso heart y wJwILSS. WntlnF mX' COmP0tency' 3 and hs trie misfortune tburvive hlelv! r Collins was a poet of great death of feeling susceptibility, and a beautiful, insight into the workings of the human kind; de- . firt L ro-ven- -.- wo-.me- 7 u..tiow..uii.ri, uufc iuo cuaaqi is .uninvaded...,"Tho Bape of KiprMeroducJ airiKinc: a, trivial ap. life innirinn engendereel : ilHPpaW&af seems by these losses ho declared two of tlo ..1 it?, fithoaying tor alf eyery ofpMem that Inspires ; emotional poetry, and one with an mindT readappreciative ing will realize ho w f transcendant, must have been that mind that raised him horn all these obvious rifMrttr v . n WMMMco t where he was the admlrbd, (hotutu are-glothe fascinatlnpr, I had almost saVthetlemi.1 god! Well, I have not time to moro appropriate term.: Alt :study7 outa that desire can receivoJt . with aimllationsl ' - Even lady Mary Montague, tho inost beauti-laand accomplished woman of her Uay. orl almost any day, was ono of-hdevoted toost become Zi'lS", Yot.withal was I'oihj cynical to his associates, and to women espeila W -- f ' .'WP . Whw" ls 'i'ttlZ. creatures. memories ?JV" o, ""i jungment:, on our , .. , To be continued ' ; 'MISCELLANIOIJS; - ' Peiiso.v, who work are after troubled with lato leeplS, 2s , : x .thrilling production but there M little in ' SnffJmm?rtaL Ho seom3 to have ha d on i,r the soul the bock," ox has over been considered, Jd most charac- - cSthv diflPnQA T -- ; . Alter the nis ' j.'aasiQns,",' them wUh,rbjme,.withouVleason;fLu, 1o Gray was a profound scholar educated in that most ancient seat of learning Cambridge, England-- his lifo seems to have been devoted to the muses and a serene enjoyment of llfe-- and hafl ho never writ ia a Country , it would have made his away, T1L1 U - early life wa3 singularly important; and his first and only love unrequited.drlis life oegan and ended in sorrow and affliction. Pope! AlexanderPope! Bom In bbs.cn rlty, feeble In frame, deformed In? yet that mighty mind set all theso-- at person; defiance, assumed the reins of his1 education, and resolutely launched Into the profession of a poet He was a wonderful evidence of the power of mind.? Blighted: inform, braced in canvasAto hold.him upright, and almost every infirmity, yet he became the terror fnAd K a cuv L JJv iv... i uis ft Kidw wvoutr and the admiration of his friends. rjvaisy He wielded a pen whose caustic satire was amply able to minister either to his seirdofeneVr hls vln tho street he was 'an object of Jity; at his desk a:klng.r His yes were singularly expressive, and his voice uhedm. monly melodious. His talents and reputation loner jsecurcd him ihAichAfAfM oMrt tessed friehdshlp ofithe most brIUlant n of the day, and; obtained for.him the faithful care, and companionship oi Hartha , "JKrrrTi.--- IllAitnt'.'TMu wtvuiit we arnotctrried jeaumgorope way in a torrent of passion ;aa in iByron, oaiurai 8eaumont-a- s in :cwucujr Burnstnor exalted by grand imagery as in PUtation beings earth whom he loved mother and his college friend, Richard ? mother had been his friend and to her he owed teacher all the happy associations of his life. His friend died young. Gray Iasf er wturndd himunopenedr Tho cherish lifts tiCl An uuw -Iffipofiil w Y ! n on her speakingjftierrgonoss, to her children, he julds H3rie of whom had ; : Jl wer sweetest ties otj'li tomb-after ani n ! j jopk.In the ' Judge's lv &to01 ilJT he, 1 hardly or fine for contempt of court.Ex. ,? tho-lawy- er ge. 