WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 10 n: a report. TbwN,iRicn Co.,;Utaii. Lake v 7 u -- an-activ- April 29, 1879. : Editob ExroNENT: throughput the length and breadth of the land when ZIon shall "arisoand put on her beautiful garments, and the glory of God be made manifest throughout the earth." May God bless you and all my sisters, is the prayer of your sister in the Now and The Belief Society of this placolwas reorganized Feb, 16, 1879, by our worthy Bishop Ira Nebeker and counselors, with -- thobllowlnolflcers:s - ,7 Ing, Kay our .Heavenly Father bless you in tho good work in which you are engaged, that under good counsel and guidance! the Relief Societies may ere long become and not alatont force in ZIon, that tho result of their labors may be' felt Mary Neboker, President. Delia Nebeker, n Counselors. Louisa Hodges, V Em Pike,;! Secretaries. Everlasting Covenant, j Harriet A. Lee, Pres't. r . Harriet (Lloyd, , ) Mary E;:Findlayf Treasurer; PrifSociety Bumbers Parley's Park, Utah, members. ; "Northern AlthbOghllyln inthls region and not : being; overburdened with this world' jgbods, the sisters are liberal and feel fljtogjto sharehat they have with those whoare ln;needWeCcan' truIy say our President Is V tual In every duty. We have a general meeting the first Monday Jri every month, a teachers, meeting the last Monday, and a sewing mooting every alternate Thursday. ; We are doing our best n hoping to build ; the Logan, Temple and storing grain.; We would bo pleased and we hope to see some of our sisters who visit this Northern conn, try visit . JLako Town before the season Is fifty-on- e Editor: Exponent: . " Ever your sister in the - ' Gospel,5 Emma Pike, Sec'y. ' . ; 1 ; Woodruff, Bicn Co., April Editor Exponent: . 28, 1879. . : I am happy ,to forward you a satisfactory report of the 'doings of tho sisters at this place. Our Belief Society is in a flourish-in- g condition, considering tho very adverse clreumstancos wlih4 whicfi we are surrounded. We fiei'M 'sb mytuhate' as" a great t purs&ters lin' "older, settlements many where U):d7lcppgenla)ity' j'pf . tho: "climate' is conducive to raising grain, serjcritiurp, &c,j wp are Ihithd cejuter pf a vast orchard of sagebrush, which seems determined to resist all efforts, at removal,' still the brethren are exercising j every ' effort, loV raise grain, and qime larg tract of this land Is under cultivation this y eaf.7 ; The sisters deserve great praise for their IndeIaU'gablexerUorto maintain ' their placVas a BocIety, andXam happy to state their, efforts hayq lcbn 'crowned with success. Not. raising.any grain hero the attention of the brethren has been r turned to . taker! advantage ralsmg so of It, in becoming possessed, of calves, year'r. lings, ifca tothe numbei of twenty-fiv- e , . head, which' we" propose, to Jell next , &11 and buy wheat, that our granarylmay havo the appearance of plenty und a reign of peace. ; . I feel to r-f.r.- , ; , l coaniel given irooa Uma;to time, and the cheering words bf comfort of -- which we. stand bo much in need; and I feellk$ay ; ft. work; We llvfe In a placo where we cannot raise grain, or anything of that sort; wo have to buy our flour and potatoes, so wo may not be of much use in storing up grain, but wo hope to be of use in some way, and not a stumbling block. We hold our meetings every two weeks, for the purpose of performing our religions duties and doing what work we can, for our meetings are small, there being only thirteen members, with an average attendance of eight. The most of us have largo famlllos of children, which take a great deal of our time. The Exponent Is an ever welcome Visitor, and read with Interest by the sisters; we feel to sustain you in your great work. I hope to ever remain your sister in the Gospel of Truth, Lizzie MgLane, Sec'y. RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. e Con-ferenc- semi-annuall- o y. STATISTICAL. Teachers............. ............................ 73 ..,..317 Members...;......................-.Total officers and members...... Meetings held Average attendance Woman's Exponent.. .........39G Receipts; Cash .$1285 50 . 419 49 53 financial. 2542 52 Property 470 bu. 1428 00 Wheat... Disbursed to tho poor 7100 Emigration 406 03 559 41 Temple Home industries 191 53 80 50 10 50 435 28 Books.... Missionary Indians Building.... r.... Our Conference was well attended, a gen. eral good feeling prevailed, and it was a very enjoyable time to all present. J. S. Boyden, Sec'y It is said that money Is not SUMMIT STAKE. Oar ocond Quarterly Stake Conference of tho RelIef,Socleties of this Stake of Zion was held on Friday April 25, 1879, in Wan-shi- p at "Youngs Hall" (kindly lent for the occasion.) ?Tho conference convened at 10; a. nr. and was opened with the usual exercises. Sister 8. S. Richards President, Sisters AnnCIuff and :Mary W, Reynolds Counselors, Sister. Rhead ., and Sisters Steverison and Frost of. tho Presidency of the Y. L-- :M JL Association of the stake wero present; as also President W. W.Cluff, Bishops Salmon, -- At wood, Mar-chaand Stanley and others of the Priesthood by the Sisters invitation. The Relief Societies of the Stake were all represented by personal representatives except Almy and Evanston Wards, from whom written reports 7 were received. Statistical and ; nt - e Remarks were . made by" Sisters Richards and Reynolds, upon our duties as Saints of tho Most High, and of tho blessings acquired through faithfulness, and the sisters urged upon parents to train up their children in the way they should go. A report of the Y. L. M. I, Association was read by Sister Lizzie Bull, and a few appropriate remarks were made by President Eliza Rhead. Conference acjourned till 2, p. m Aiternoon Session: The Conference was The condiopened In the usual manner. tion of the various ward societies were given verbally by the presidents or other proper representatives, all of which were represented to bo in favorable condition and good standing. Tho Stake officers of tho organization were put before the Conference and unanimously sustained, as wero also thd Presidents and Counselors of tho various ward societies. Appropriate remarks were made by Pres. Cluff, Bishops Atwood, Marchant and Stanley. Thoy expressed their admiramanner In which tion of the business-liktho Conference was conducted. On motion it was agreed that our hereafter bo held The following report statistical and financial, of tho various societies comprising the stake orgsnlzatipn from their first organization embodying a period of eleven years for some, and three and four years for others were read. Wiiy Women M aery Elderly Men. , encourage, the ulsters;. ia; their effortaand to tay May God. bless, and pros per you in the .good, work and, attend strictly to every, requirement, and; the lord will recognize. in. your, workaia desire to love and aerve Him ; .obey, strictly, tbe.words of wisdom, and y our, precept and. example will b sure of a xo ward, feel, to extend this counsel taiho elstersof other; wards 8lmilailyeituated t ixsas l know the value andibenefit of encouragement; And I feel, . In (behalf of my isistersto thank tho Exponent far Its marked encouragement and i bo-for- e; ; ; -- Oar Relief Society was organized July 18 78, wl th the following officers : Maria Workman President; Susanna Snyder, E. Peterson, Counselors. We are a little settlement but to one side. You may think it strange that we have not sent in any ' report of bur organization It Was on account of our being scattered so, and owing to the illness of our President. Wo had to postpone our meet, irigs from Dec. 5th until April 10th. Wo havo commenced to do what we can towards helping to build tip the kingdom f God upon the earth, by bringing up our children to love and fear our Father In Heaven, by obeying and keeping His commandments, and by helping and doing good to. one another. We have been trying to collect a little money and doing a littlo work in other ways, so that we might be able to contribute towards rolliig on this mighty -1 0, 1 .QibiJl:M'Jr4:-'-- 1C, 187D. April i financial reports "of tho Societies were read. r so often the reason why young women marry elderly men as people imagine. She says the young man of the day is not the desirable husband that the young man of fifty years ago wasj ho is not so thoughtful, sober, pains-takin- g and conscientious; he lives, in a club, has no love of home life nor desire to build up character and reputation as a man and citizen j his ideas are bounded by a theatre and the doings of his little set; and on too many occasions his ambition is to face and bo on intimate terms with tho ballet. Naturally, mothers shrink from intrusting , . their daughters to such youths as these, even If they havo the opportunity; and are better pleased to bestow them upon older men menj who know how little of real value there. Is In' the temporary excitement of pleasure;' who have, perhaps, been married once, and have learned to value home and the guarantees It affords for permanent : : happiness. ' :: " " 