UrSrEEPOBTS; ,. Nephi.Jimb Quarterly The ISx conference the Juab 0 Annntv Stake organization of x the Belief Society was held Intbe Nephi Tabernacle on the"17th7"of Oct' 1879," commencing at the stand were the .officers of 10 A.M., ; thelBtakeandsbme'of the branch r officers; also the officers"" from Levan and. "jStfona. : t)f ihe i brethren ' ' the stand were' 'Pres. On perry " opening mado "a feW s 1 very appropriate .remarks said' she'-witsdme of her Bisters had visited Levan, dn d U Monaj several times since the last quarterly j confererico; And, x had tried to discharge her e sisters :; dntyl in counseling and advising-th! to: the beat of her ability;: In every good' til word and work, exhorting them; to per-r- ty severe jln promoting? practically tho cul--r ture orsilic andnn the j establshing and ciirylpfcofteyebranpplfhomelnditr th came with in their reach, that we might h; 1 r -- . -- , ' become self i; sustaining. and;: independent and to be 'dgejntin.sENGBAiN. Plead YTflth, the iitersl to bevhjte4 and to, sustain, 'uphold arid; deteuot each others - characters1 . ihatJhe.evM cme..mlght have no power -- , ; whlch'were-ciJctxlate- ; sfsfersi rthWind to and -- d' encourage' ' UnstrUct all that haye a desire to " ,fr workof GodroUon, "" Jessie seeth? 1 ? .'ens' as we would wish, but; we are trying I ' " nearly done, near that : u-,- . I-- ti are storing : ; The Choir sang "Glory to God on High", Benediction by Patriarch J. G. Bigier. ....... t A L. BIGLlET., SfcT. Summit Stakk. ';" : Oh Friday, Oct. 31, 1879, the Third Conference of the Belief Society of 'Summit Stake of Zion was held in 'the i Meeting House at Coalville. Pres.' Sarah Richards and other officers of the organization were on i the stand, as also nPje ! tvEUz&'R. Snow and Mrs. E.. Howard of Salt 'Mrs. Lydia ; BIch ? J IiaJce-OltStake, and .a majority of ithe presidents of ;.irtheuW.8ocieUes;:i?res.m.il4tC)loff of Summit Stake, Bishop Salmon of Coal yille, Bishop Bpundy 4of .Wanshlp, and u other Stake officers. . The Conference was opened The Statistical ; with the usual exercises Semi-Annu- al a ot-Morga- n yf , , 1 ; - . ; - and Financial reports ""of the . f yarlous branches 76t thb "stite,4!except Coalville, 'Parley's Park and Upton were read by the present Stake ;prganlzation Secretary. 'Tna ' consists of thfrieeri - branches; viz. : Coa- l1 - 1 vnie,HenrieferVinEcho,HbytsvIlIe, Wan-shi- p, Bocxport, Peoa, Kamas, Morrell, Almy, Evanston, Parley's Park and Upton ; all of which, except three, were represented !; "verbally.? Tneyere reported "asbelng gen- -' ' ' eratiy in Improving conditions;1 - The Almy and Fvahstdn branches being some dlstanco 5frdm!this fclaeertnpV always convenient U'for thebfficers to 'attend klPof our confer- -' 1 ences l:l'--" nontiiH '.l'Prek B. HlSnow " qhD- p h-.-- The Fifth Quarterly Conference of the B. S. was held at . Morean City, Friday and Oct. 24 and 25, 1879, Pres. Lydia ' Saturday, BIch and. Counselors presiding. On tho staod were MrsS. A; Bawl, President of the Yl lu Association of Morgan Co., also our much loved Pres. Eliza B. Show from Sali Lake City, Pres. W. G. Smith and sev- -' ' eral bishops' and a number of the presiden ts of Belief Societies. Opened with the usual exercises. ' Mrs. Sarah A. Bawl read the minutes' of the previous Conference, also Statistical and Financial reports of the various branches, and a condensed report of the Stake;:which were accepted. Pres;rE; K. ynow occupied most of the time in excellent' instructions. She spoke of ' the 'necessity of having Primary Associations in all our wards, ithat we might take our little ones while they are pure and uncontamlnatbd with evil, ' and implant i within' their hearts the pure principles of ' the Gospel. She thought it necessary that .1 the; very best talent In our midst. should be employed ; to preside over, the Primary Associationsthose who love children and have the faculty of drawing them to them; rsaid that theirf were bright spirits that had Ibeen held In reserve to come 'forth in this . day for.a wlsepurpbse, ah'd.all they want is 11.13 asionisning 10 ' propeny uirqcuug, ang seo the prbgtess they wW '.;Mn..rHeV'rWelsh. then addressed the meeting for a short time, also "Mrs. Jane Joomer, who, bore testimony to the power pi God receixtly rnae rnanlfest lri her behalf, wherein she received' her sense of hearing aftet hieing deprived of it a number of sredks:r Shfe.testlfled thdt the gifts and .blessings, jof the Gospel enjoyed by the former-da- y Saints were for us if we would f ' ' ; : J ' -for them. live only ' Pres.1 Smith then addressed the meeting, r. addressed the meeting. Bhe IcnBhrion the duties of "par- - nts spokeat lo Ibcir Mldren, ahd referf ed 16 the too frequent neglect of the rising 'genera-tion, In not bringing them up in habits of care, thrift and Industry. if vie wisti the 1 1 4 . 4 expressing a warm Interest In the labors of thesisters. . , Afternoon sessson: After singing and prayer, the presidents verbally represented the societies over which they preside Mrs, .Emma Croft of Enterprise, Mrs. Fannie ;fTaggarti of Bienville, Mrs. Harriet Spend-lov- e of Milton, Mrs. S. A. Porter of East Pprteryille Mrs. Sarah Florence of West , Porterville, Mrs. E. Worlton of North Morgan, . Mrs. Louisa Carrigan Counselor at Weber City, Mrs. M. A. Simmonds, Counselor at South Morgan, and Mrs. Wagstalf, Teacher at Croyden. Pres. Lydia "Bich spoke earnestly upon charity and a consistent life. She gave ; some good instruction to the young, and said that there was a great deal expected of them, as they had been born heirs to the iprie8thood and are being raised under the influence of the Gospel. She thought that : parents should have a particular care over their children while they were young, and - endeavor to instil into their minds pure principles in the first place teach them to be scrupulously honest, then there Is a fjrm foundation upon which character can be built. .She spoke upon the duty of the sisters settling their" own difficulties. She rncommended the Belief Societies and the Young Ladies Associations to unite for the purpose of .establishing libraries in the several societies. . A few remarks were made by ister Ann Fry and Bishop Toomer. Conference adjourned untill Saturday morning at 10 A. M. Saturday morning session: Mrs. S. A. Bawl, President of the Young Ladies'. Association presided. After usual opening exercises, there were reports read from some of tho Young Ladies' Associations, also some of the presidents verbally represented their associations, after which Pres. Bawl made some very appropriate remarks. There were remarks made by eeveral sisters and also some of the brethren. A request was then made that all the children of South Morgan Ward assemble punctually at 2 P. M, when they would .be organized intoad-a Meeting then JJflmary Association. 2 journed until P. M. Afternoon Session: Punctually at the time appointed the fieats that had been reserved for the little ones were filled with smiling phlldreu,. whose bright, sparkling eyes betokened their in. . ti ; 1 ? -- rosy-cheeked- ,; terest In what was to be their own meeting. Sister Snow then asked them a number of questions, answering the name for them to . their understanding. .Sister Harriet ,Wel3h was elected President, and Sisters M. A. Fry and Janette Hogg, Counselors. The time occupied in the children's meeting was over an hour, and they were greatly '.interested and very quiet; they were then 1 " ! Boyd en, Sec'y, s I : ' S. MORQAN 8TAKE. r Mre ;' -- , :''ii!iOar financial condition is not so prosper! jldo the test.WB'CaiiWWs-graria- dj was-heldSiste- 0take axid brancnesalsd ihe Youn&rXile8 ;;';and Prlmaryj u eiicouraglng. The afternoon1 was 'devoted Wkhmilid 1rdmTltie . 1 ... .overjxs. , , ' the of 1 'The rest forenoon as nearly ; all Sviih Reading reportsi:from 'the ffbccur)Jed . ' . ? -- t ; tHirctiGBIglerfaridIBro' 3EehJdall??After the usual XJeorge iex6rcIsesVPreaiK,Qoldsbrough , IMX TeasaleWncselor Ki " generation that succeeds ' us to" be better, wiser and more Intelligent than the present one, we must commence in earnest, educate out children intelligently, inculcate true ! and correct principles ?sinto theirf minds, teach them to be wise, and gpod. and' to as-- J slst.them In qoalifyfog emseft . duties that wiliin'the f jiture'be required of ' " :'; ." C.; them. r il'Z ' Afternooh session : Mrs., M.J. Brim, Sec-- . ALfbr the Stake,? retary of the Y ead reports from some of the branch asso-- " citations. MrS." :jiza Bhead, Pres. of the sbciatioh expressed her 'regret st&ke hot more complete reports to that they had ' 'l present to tho Cohterehce. Mrs. M. J.; Brlm, President of the Primary Associa- -' tidn reported very favorably of its condition, j Mrs. Bich of Morgan, Mrs. M. W. Beyholds, Counselor and Mrs. E. Howard, each occupied a short time in speaking upon i. subjects of interest. " JPreSE; BSnow' again occupied a ".lew moments , Pres. Wm. W. Cluff spoke encouragingly ; of thebbrsdf the societies, and referred J)tl?fly to the necessity of ;haviDg the re- '.'ports' made'Out unetualljr and correctly. The Conference adjoiirued to the last Fri day in April ifi80. On Saturday a meeting of the Primary Association Snow, How-ar'BIch and others .were present The meeting" was particularly interesting, the , questions put to the little ones being answered in a, very intelligent manner, and gratifying to those concerned. .Sabah EL BicnABDs, Pres. ' 'dismissed. Pres. Bich then made a few remarks. Elder Samuel Francis also made some .very encouraging remarks, after which tho officers were set apart to preside over the Central Board of the Y. L. M..I. A. of Morgan Co.; Mrs. Jane Toomer, President, Mrs. Jane Crouch and '' Mrs. Nina M. Porter, Conference then adjourned Counselors. for three months. H. Cordelia Smith, Sec'y . . , . A Senator' in a recent speech said: "More than six times as many women as men are teachers, and thoso in our high schools are highly qualified to teach young men about the civil policy of this commonwealth and of the "United States,"- 