cxpressedJber gratitud to her friends, and de- cla red herself blessed and comforted. Thus ended tbe'dedlcatloii "of a building (a credit- aoie. cne; ereciea Dy me fuouuujanu; wise India, management of a.wcrcanfrom far-d-- -- fl , 'i;iPor;ur,tje,.1piirtIcalar8j concerning thia Vo--, markable woman, ire would refer cur leader to "The Women of Mormondom' chap, xlvii, . : "A Sister from the East Indies?: . . - ifcva' reports; " - The Second Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies in the Bear Lake Stake of Zion was held at Paris on the 18th and 19th ofOctober, commencing at 10 clock A. M; On the J3taud were Pres. J. P. Lindsay arid her counselors, jalso the presidents ot the different Relief Societies throughout this Stake. Meeting opened in. the usual manner, with singing and prayer. The minutes ot previous Conference were read and accepted; also the statistical and financial report of the Relief Societies and Primary Associations; Pres. Lindsay and counselors, Elizabeth Collings arid Maria Rich, respectively, addressed the congregation j the sisters to be punctual in attending their meetings, also to be very careful in regard to the language they use and the example they set before their children, lest they should rise' up in accusation against them hereafter. 2 P. M. The time was occupied by the presidents of the various societies, giving verbal reports of their condition, all showing- prosperity, and that some had "been vfirt.HIHrpnt inclpnnfner orwl utnrinn trratn 19th, 10 A. M. The President and offMutual Improve, icers of the Young-Ladie- s' ment Associations occupied, the stand. Appropriate remarks were also made by Bisb, ops H. J. Home, Robert Price, J. Pugmire, and Brother Richard Home. ., ::, ex-hoit- Margreth Anderson, Pursuant to notice the Relief Society of Lehi met October 20, to accept the resignation of the president, Mrs. Sarah Coleman; also to appoint a successor. There were present on the occasion Bishop Thomas R. Cutler and Counselors W. H. Winn and A. R. Anderson, also President Mrs. M. T. Smoot and Mrs. Lucy W. Kimball of Prove. The Bishop read tho letter of resignation of SLster Coleman, which was accepted. A vote of thanks was tendered Sister Cole, man Tor her efficient services to the Society, and to Sister Barbara Ann Evans; her Coun selor, who also had resigned. It was afterwards motioned that Sister Rebecca Standring bo President of the Relief Society-o- f Lehi, with Mrs. Martha P. . the audience, giving a very spirited discourse on Plural Marriage, also good and valuable instructions to the presidents and other officers of the Relief Societies. Prests. J. H. Hart and George Osmond heartily endorsed the remarks made by the sisters, and encouraged them to persevere and be steadfast in the good work in which they were engaged. Choir sang. Benediction. ' Conference adjourned sine dio. All regretted that Apostle C. C. Rich was i detained at home, on account of sickness in his family. Pug mire. - The annual meeting of the Relief Soci e ty of Grass Valley, Sevier Co., Was held at the Grove Aug. l.n There we're present on : the stand Pres. Margreth Anderson, Coun- selora Eliza Rust and Babra Hatch','" also Bishop J. H. "Wright and Counselors P. Rasmussen and T. E. Beck. Alter the ' usual exercises and reading of minutes, the statistical and financial report was read as ' follows; Statistical: Teachers, 12; members, 72; total officers and members, 87; ly meotings, held average attendance 29; Woman's Exponent taken, 11 copies, Financial: Receipts,-- ca8h, $15.55; property, $14,30; Disbursements, to the Mariti Temple, $8.50; homo industry, $10.82; books, $3.98; to the poor, $4.43; on hand in the Treasury, $15.19; storedfor Zion 2G bushels. It was grain then moved and" unanimously carried thnt wn sustain our officers on the stand. , l ! semi-month- - . . Thomas as first and JVIr3. Mary J. Powell-as her second counsellor. Motion unanimously sustained. They were set apart by the Bishop and counselor, after which Pres. Mrs. Smoot addressed the meeting, stating that she felt sorry that Sister Coleman should resign, but knew she was getting ripe in years and her health was feeble. Sho advised the sisters to adhere to tho counsel ot the Priesthood, and encouraged them in relation to their duties. Bishop Cutler urged the sisters to union, and the sustaining of each other; said he Wpuld assist them all that lay in his power. On the following Monday the annual meeting was held, at which Bishop Cutler and counselors were present. After the opening exercises, the yearly report was read and accepted. After which it was motioned by Pres. Standring .that Miss Elizabeth Smith act as Secretary of the Society, with Airs. Mary Ann Standring as Assistant Secretary; alsoV Mrs. Mary Ann Anderson as Treasurer. Motion sustained, and these' sisters set apart by the Bishop and his ? ' Corresponding Secretary. Pros' t. Mary Jenson, Sec'y. od MEN'S VIEWS OF WOMEN'S 1 DUTIES, It coun-selor- s. The Bishop expressed himself us being pleased at finding tho Society was in so Admonished the sisters good a condition. to magnify their callings, and assist one other that we may bo enabled to attain to tho blessings God has promised to his Saints. Coun. Winn and Anderson gave advice and counsel to tho sisters, urging them to unity and good works in Zion's cause. A good spirit and feeling prevailed throughout both meetings. It was a time of re. joicing. "Is Ym. there Southwick, Sec'y pro tern. any cloves or cinnamon,' moralist, "that will sweeten the breath of seaud?!?" asks a despairing "Speech is silvern r silencB is golden." is probable that by this time Lofd Burh-lehas seen cause to regret that at the l y An.-nua- Dinner of the Northamptonshire Agricultural Society he proposed as a remedy for the present agricultaral depression "that tho farmers' wives and .daughters must put their shoulders to the wheel. Their daughters must not be brough't up to play tho paino; but as farmers' wives. They should not bo brought up to play lawn-tenand to speak French and other languages. They were wanted to exist entirely inlthis country to assist the agricultural interest," Lord Burghley's speech furnished material for letters in the newspapers for a fortnight. Farmers' daughters asked with natural indignation, "What would he have us do? We make our own bread, ra3ke butter for the house and for markef, attend the poultry, pigs are killed in tho house, needlework done, even to dressmaking, and to meet the exigencies of the times only one maidservant is kept. Thiswiththe general supervision of tho house, seems enough. Would Lord Burghley have us import additional hands, and take to tho field work ourselves? Would there be any economy in this?" This resentment at the masculine "laying down of tho laws" is very natural. It is surely worse ton useless in these days when so much attention is paid to mechanical-and scientific improvement in men's employments to argue that, women's work must be carried on entirely iu fho old nis , - -- Elizabeth Bishop J. H. Wright then gave us some good instructions, telling us -- to go ahead and put our trust in God; ho was happyto SeO the sisters striving to do what was right. Pre. Margreth Anderson instructed the sisters to o punctual in attending meet. Ings; thought we did not fully realize the duties wo will bavo to perfor in, the future; also encouraged U3 to Jay up grain. Coun. Eliza Rust bore her testimony to tho truth of this work. ; Couti. Sabra Hatch' read a very good piece of poetry composed by herself. Counselors Petef Rasmussen and Thomas E, Beck and others made very interesting remark telling us to go ahead and perform the duties that were placed upon us, and said We should not be discouraged be- cause we ar6 poor, for the Lord is able to bless th6se who serve him. Singing. Benediction. , , ' grooves,, that theyhave no L usiness to be anything moro than thoroughly domesticated" (to use the cant words of advertise-ment,and that all education beyond cooking, sewing, and housework, is supererogatory, Wo quite agree that there may he , too much but we would like to see it diminish among the middle and higher classes, and in favor of less sup. erfipial acquirements with which we fear Lord Burghley would have even less sym) piano-playing- pathy than with French and If he meant that the women .as well as the men of the family should look upon tho joint prosperity as their own concern, wo also agree, but this would not be secured lawn-tenni- s. ,by their exclusion from tho higher-educatiof their fathers and brothers, but by their improved knowledge of business, from farming details up to political economy, and by a system of more equal responsibility under which tho women of ho family should have a fairer share ot control over the general income than unler tho or allowances. present system of Such oracular utterances on the. domestic duties of women are unfortunately very common. The Duke of Rutland followed suit the other day when, in opening an endowed school for girls in Loughborough, ho said "Without touching on the question of woman's rights,he thought woraeo should receive an education to fit them to under take the duties they had to fulGJ!,especially cookery .and sewing." Of course women should be educated to fulGi their duties, but who is to say what these dutie3 are? Cooking and sowing are not the duties of every woman, any more than carpentering or ploughing are the duties of every man. In proportion as tho general capacity of on pin-mone- y girls is increased, their quickness ot perception, their accuracy of calculation, their general powers of reasoning on and applying what they havp acquired, will increase, and they will become moro fitted to turn to whatever special duties fall to their share. But' thero is an assumption which borders on the offensive in these accurately defined 