 W-Q' 11 ASF 8 M ,...(.,., Vol. 7.p ;:' i;:- :..-';fl?- -, - SAM t SBWF ' . .A - , Air, I'm leaTlnsr tbtsdwrrbw Annie" Oh! lioW a simple Bonsr caA dkea scenes t Forgotten old-tiThat come with pathos nearly breaking The heart that n them;tean8f ..',Old sons! old sonf si I cannot hear thorn, But stealing- to my heart, , , Gome memories once breathing near them, 7 That tfttl riot thence departr : - - Old songs, lie silent in the bygones, Ye only waken pain; For joys now past beyond recalling. Or woes awake again. . Caonus. ; . .' : and- - her !17. 4 J : J 1 ; I t thotirbf his birth- - Thechildiwas togeii" and Napol eon - was evr ind andr considerate to ,1 every meanjf In his power ever sought? to - t perm i t ted i& i visi t h er, -- herjnd4 benefit and bless herandtlhiS to her lov-ing heart waa allUhe desired; - I otv pvfr 'f Time rushed oh INapblehii'ragain be ' Tcame ah exllebyihe iailnWhls Rus-- ! eian expedition. Maria Xouisa declined follow him in his fallen fortune It wasthe Emperor she married the Jman 'wa nothing to her in his adversity-3osephithe true woman, the' devoted wifenvrites i to him when passing, into I exile, ' every . word of which ought to be written in gold f : she: desired to folio w;h im into f exie, thar r I ! ne Y ' ; might-Ittendrup- For the Expohkkt. on ; ! , bt hawnah t; kino. ; -- ; 1 Eugene, whose temperamon'i though reserved was enthusiastic, and.yho'se reverential admiration, of his father's character had alreadyttekOeep root in such disposition, learning this fact, determined oh so pridus' a reUc. recovering .Though ' he himseli. with only fourteen, presented boldness and address at the 'Levee of the Commander-in-chierequesting the restora-tioof his father's sword. The countenance and frank bearing ot the boylpleased . f, ; : ex-Empre- 4 ss, , n : : -- . rest'ii she-beg- an Jhaxmrigjioldle.wlmmiiate his own liand, jestored the object of filial V solicitude. . .Kissing ..the. sword? Eugene ' thanked him with a. flood of- - grateful tears. calling him his indulgent benefactor and all this in a manner so simple anc. touching mat uenerai Uonaparte wasv charmed with . : .r-hi- s No. 1 JOSEPHINE, WIFJE OF NAPOLEON I, AND EMPRESS OF FRANCES CONTINUED. 1 . : . - - MSh - t,- had made King of Holland. : Eugene ) sequently married the Princess Royal; of Bavaria, which proved a most happy , alii, ance., Atthisime) Jpsephino Jhad attained the acme of. human happiness and grandeur "the sharer of one.;, of the mp3t splendid European throned, beloved by, Jho r wonderful; man who had placed ,her there, adored by the French nation, aqd respected , even by enemies.' Her children occupied she stations second only ta her WnVandaiiros- She concludes with these " words: him. pect that they, would jifiucceed to Empire when death should relax ,the; giant grasp "Adieu, Sire; it is no longer by words that, f my sentiments for that no w swayed the sceptre It was a you; are to be proven, but for action your consent is 'necessary!" cruel disappointment toj Napoleon and Jo-- . " ' " sephine that they had no child to inherit Every attention was still paid: to bet as the their Jhrone. The firsfeichild; orHortense and Malmaison JJwas still was remarkably beautiful i and .very intelli.;; ; her residence j buther rnind was cohstafitly gent; :he was vnamedrpoleonCharles -- excited by the knowledge.thalhe..who.had : ? been rher; hero;;and:7herr husband Ewasati Napoleon loved him with;intense affection,' f exile! and gave many assurances that he should Her..heaUh;delined; at: first' was t not thought to be serious, she herself :made . be Ms; lielri But man: proposes and God seized this: child of so?? ilight of lit; but a short time,qonvinced her s friends, and then herself; that the final many hopes and prayers at the age of five to scene;was. approaching, r. She waa jcalm and T years, the great sorrow of all his family. cheerful as over, and fbn tho, 29 th x)t May. Before the birth of this child Napoleon had 1SW Her rie'di'snlrit 'Wkfiii tJs KPHzZ named Eugene an his heir,' repeatedly saying he Was? worthy of a crown. Josephine wicea cease irom 'troubling, felt disconsolate, for to feel the i ;and the;fweary are at mfddayxjn dark destiny that wagapproaehing herf even tneyza ;pf June, 1814,' the funeral movi forward fromMalmaison, and at 5 o'clock in her exalted position, which the life of in' thei'evenfng1 he body; of the Empress " this child yould rmvqerted. The second xeni'th' hA.fti child 7f .HnrtfnAfi til!rl Josephine was: consigned 'to' n 'humblo tomb in the Village church' of Ruel.u,Thbt q$lnyttfsgran,ds spot istTioW marked by a monument of White ll NapojonJ in after years became 'jBmperojfc of.;France, whose eventfut, life! Is thel 1 maWe'ahd' bears ;the simple, yet. touching " ? Augusta Joycjc Cbocheron. -- . -,,: 1 sub-J- . ' f - t ring Napoleon's brpther, Lou is, whom ;ho Oh! ' .' -- - i : L faded hopes, once bright and shining, 7 " y ' Upborne by wings of prayers Ob! faded love, with hope entwining, Pure as the sunlit air, Ye waken from the long, long sleeping At the sunset Lurlei call; And worldly eyes again are weeping Beneath sons mueio thrall. 1-- v 'l ' principle on which to fall back lor supports i Still the eye of God was visibly; upon hen and His Spirit- - sustained her, or she could not' have pas3edthe fiery ordeal with the ! fortitude and sweet dignity that shone through every deportment, while the iron pierced her own soul I She lived to see and ; bless ithe boy whpmi Napoleon himself an. nounced as "the King of Rome" at - the f . , ;t at-- : - .. re- - children rose, of course in the same ratio; he was ever watchiul over their promotion and interests as though they had been his own children, . and Josephine ever spoke of his goodness - to them with the warmest graUtude. Napoleon rose frona General Jo Firsts Consul, and at Iast :Emperor of Franco, and among his first acts he raised Eugene and Hortense to titles of royalty; and, n future days the former was made Viceroy of Ity, and the, latter became Queen pf Holland s by imarryf tained,and Josephine me ! LAKE CITY, UTAH, FjEB. 1, 1879. Napoleon was now rapidly rising to the markablei eminence which he; at last OLD SONGS. " -- 1 ant r r this behavior. On the. 'morrowMadame de Beauharnala called at the Hotel of Headiquarters ' fo thank the General for his condescension id-- ; nunnt n ran l .!., inscription--1-1 .1 to jQSEPmui&CL Now commenced the beffinninsriof tliA "i'-'mighty end of her regal life! Napoleon j ;i. ., f ; himself announced to The commute of, that the; NatioriarVQmnV a dk Josephine her sonr" Bonaparte returned the visits he v ' was vorce that he Suffrage to: wAltj opon't jsociatiofl i necessary, a Ppolnled was of fastidious "taste,'butl was at" ' 'new dynasty to this an heir might'found the President wro .received- refj: icordiilly Jby to his Empfroii once : charmed with the ieracefal niftntiP- nf was imperative I Her suffering at1 first word i him. After m memorial had :beeai preseriteti i Josephine, and from t'Hat'tiineftt friendship exquisite; it seemed like the separation of i by th suffrage ladies, the twolndies from.Utah addressed ;the tip between thm that J never ceased soul and body," this' parting from the" husi urging him not but with their lives. : n band! shoi loved 'sowelllr. She also loved-- -: Bign the bill nowPresident, ofthe' pending In committeea H Napoleon and Joibphine were married Franceiwas I aii patriotic a hp could be.;. :!Hon8e'and'Snate.;"v-';7'ft:TheentlrointervfeVaVcondu March 9 tb, 1790,'by the revolutionary forms What ijoy arid satisfactioa rwould' she have ladtas i In calm manner, and dUtin guished atjthat tlnie ;in force. Twelve days after Xpr experiehcext coxAH she have' known and thP bretlty each speaker obsbrTcd, V specially he set out for Italyras Commander-in-chie- f In a1 been) permitted to embrace such princl-'- : presenting an array of facts, with a determi-of the Republican armies in that country. I? oc,cupy as little of the valuable time i .lin pie as Celestial Marriage.' JPreely would of the President a? possible. ; Before they rose His numerous letters to her during this re. H she i haVoj! given c the Austrian to Princess, he asked them if he should bring Mrs. leave, markable campaign.; breathe the moat ro-Maria Louisa, to her husband, could she Ti Hayea in to see thjni, thla was Joyfully aSpH4 mantlc,: passion, expressed in the most Sir-still have .retained the name of wife; his Withdrew,1) K?"VVit rfent iahguageLUOPurlng his absence sie led C f "friendasr she had ever wjfawjfcb called them,a Jeajing .fbridly pleasant taik wal ,' a life of .seclusion, devoted to the education, h herself had her with the ; ladies, rilrs Mormon by , his friend Und; counselor as , vyes, r of her childreiii.8hQj wasJEemoat toi SKTii7rf go, shoved ouo au, ever speen, loving bedrooms In ;4rose anoj iMapoieon. woula the' Hoase. and had11 mother, andihechildrereturnediher loyeli . have shared her for she was most I - thiafmdacted through feelings thei,conswYatorieg,ti with affection and obedience, var Utah delegates have been assuredly the wife of his heart ;As it was before tbo Judi-:- ? h4 tlnbisHbri$f-nemoirD4yior Yeriosl Dotn commiiwes thft ' rinhlftfft PPlfmrrffirf nr ) W"fl? House vukty the and Senate, and have presented utlino of hereutful Ufo can bo given. womanon record for she had np v MjQrmon case in writing. ; EUafiSE-ANfi-HoKX- jy 1 '- ; 1 - I !;: a-ma- ! - g . ' 1 I ? - A -- -- cJ V: Tivinff11 t . A God-givex- i'I 