' - r ' r r ; f ....... '. ... copies for the, price of nine. AdVertlsing ntes:: Eacn square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $300; per month, 13.00. A liberal discount to . , regular adTerUsers. ConstiBoom No. Old 1, Offlce, stairs, up Exponent hours eBusiness StieeL tution Building, East Temple ftrbm 10 fcm, to 5 m every 4ay except Sunday m;.. Tn Address aU butlnWscommunlcatinns to 'I " "''Yifc&iticx Wokak's EjqTOT, ; J -- "J: ' . 1870. THE WASHINGTON CONVENTION. t have no wish to tire our readers by dwell log too much or too ardently upon pur visit to Washington, but as we have never? given a summary of the proceedings of the convention in order, and as it Is a subject in which: women who hold the franchise should have & deep interest, we propose now to take the convention in order,commenclng with the preliminary meeting of the Executive Committee,held at Mrs.B. A. Lockwood's on Wednesday evening, Jan. 8. .At this meetiDg.the. programme for two days and evening sessions was all arranged Mlsa 'Susan B. Anthony, Chairman of Executive Committee read the call for, the Convention, and after a tborougu discussion upon the subject in question the following committees were YVe appolnted,T&cv: c C i ; m, d al " , g. -- , El., v : - thou-Ban- ds Mrs.-Btantobj-ly- '" l'r: ' Matilda Joslyn Gage, Elizabeth Oakes Smith, Caroline B. Wlnelow; .Committee on Beaolu-tlon- s, Sara Andrews Spencer, Matilda Joslyn Gage, Emmeline B Wells, Helen: Mi. Coolee and Belva - A. Lockwood; Committee on Finance, Ellen: Clarke Sargent, Helen; M. Slo-cuJulia B. Dunham, Zina Young Williams and Ellen H. Sheldon; Committee on "Pro-g- i ammo, Susan Anthony, Lillle pevereux Blake, Marilla M. Bicker. Morning session-Ope- ning address, Elizabeth Cady Stanton; report of the Committe on Besolutlons; report of the Committee pn Finance. y. Afternoon sessionSpeeches by JLillie Devereux Blake, Elizabeth Oakes Smith, Lavlnia C. Dundore-anCaroline B. WinslQW. Evening session Speeches lrom Emmellne B. Wells and Susan disB. Anthony, --'Friday morhing--Genercussion on Utah and Wyoming United States Bights vs. States Bights, to be discussed by Mesdames Gage. Stanton, Williams, Smith and others. Afternoon session Speeches by Helen M. Slocum,' Zina Young Williams ahdfeara Andrews Spencer. Evening sessionBpeeches by Belva A; Lockwood; Frederic Douglas and Elizabeth Cady StanVon.; ;; This was the original programme as laid out by the Executive Commlttej and here let us say that this committee know bow to make the most of their time,-and- ! possets in a large degree the requisite qualifications fot'dl spatch-in- g business in an orderly and systematic manner. Women who" travel hundreds and of miles for the sole purpose of laboilng in tbeee Conventions are not the ones tp waste " much time In ( The first , morning of the convention was very dark, and the rain Hterailyf poured down in torrents, the wind blew furiously, aLd it seemed as if the elements bad ccmblnedto-gethe- r toshow their dlsrepect. ; However, a "tolerably fair audience was convened in Lincoln Hall Just before eleven o'clock. presided with dignity and grace, called the convention to order. Upon the plat- dilly-dallyin- lawyer of Washington, Marilla M. Bicker, ef New Hampshire, and Lavinia .C. Dun-dor- e, of Maryland, y aho lawyers, Elizabeth Oakes Smith, the poet And author, from North Carolina, Julia Brown Dunham, of Iowa, Hannah M. Sheppard, of Washington, Misses Julia and Bachei Foster, of Philadelphia, Mrs. Zina Young Williams, of 'Utah, and your humble servant Mrs. E. B. fels,Edltor Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City. ..Many delegates from other States and Territories were scattered through the audience. L From time to time during the two days' session many other distinguished ladies and a few gentlemen (woman suffrage advocates) were seated upon the plat- V -. form. 't Of the. the business call wa9 .reading by Fjret Miss Anthony, with a few appropriate comments. Next Mrs. Lockwood read the list of the committees; these were confirmed and the programme adopted. Mrs. Stanton prefaced her address by saying the heavens were weeping over woman's wrongs, and the weather was in keeping with the woman's rights convention, to which we would have added and while heaven wept for woman Old Boreas, king of the wind, with mighty power blew a loud blast, strong and deep, for the lords of creation. Mrs. Stanton then proceeded to deliver her eloquent speech in the mont easy and graceful manner. She teems to possess in a great degree the power of pleasing her hearers, though she tells them many plain, unvarnished truths, yet it is all done without the least apparent desire to offend the most sensitive Mrs. Stanton has not in the least dfgice the quality of sharpness, not perhaps in its usual significance, but in the sense in which it is applied to women speakers and lecturers. She commenced by saying that for eleven consecutive years women citizens of the United States had been in the habit of assembling in Washington to ask that the principles of our government may be carried out, making women equal wiih men before " r. "'s';. the law. ;,;r At sorne future time we will publish some of 'in these speeches full, that our readers may benefit of the expressed opinions of have the some of these leading1 ladles in the woman ' ' . suffrage movement, ' Mrs Sara Andrews 'Spencer next presenkd the resolutions, which we published in our last issue. Upon , motion the resolutions, were taken up separately to be discussed and voted upon. Objectlens to some points were made! by some' of, the ladles and gentlemen, present, V J which occupied the morning hour. In the afternoon a much larger audience was present. "Mrs. LilJie Dovereux Blake was the first speaker. Mrs. Blake is shrewd, witty and sarcastic; she is well suited to the platform, indeed she is perfectly at home in addressing an audience. Her subject was "The Propriety of Abolishing Women." She argued that since woman had so often been ignored she might as well be abelished, and all further trouble saved by taking them to the end of the world and dropping Ibem ofC ; Judging by present Indications she thought it better to abolish women altogether, and added that perhaps tome Ingenious Yankee would Invent a . Lalcc Olty TJU1 SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1, r ed with the 'Dally Evening Telegram,' Caroline B. WinslowyM. D.; Editor of the "Alpha" at 'Washington, Helen M. Slocum and Helen M. Cooke, of New York City, Belva A. Lock-woo- d, . ho , : , t A N. 8.. E X P.0 .HE ILT . i M, -' .... . PMblisned ienU-monti&T8t'XlkirQtyrt7ub; Terms One copy one year, 12.00; one copy'slx months, '::';-Jri-IV:"- ' y, Editor, .1 r form were Elizabeth Cady Stanton, of Tenna-flNewJersey, President, Susan B. Anthony, of Rochester, New York, Matilda Joalyn Gage, ditorPf the 'National Cltizeh,, from Fay-et- te ville N. Y Sara 5 AndrewaH Spencer, Jot Washington, Editor Kof ''VV6niaii8 Words' Lillie Devereux Blakej of ITew York, connect- : THE WOMAN'S .EXPONENT. . ..... , jO M 202 1.00. ' ' ' . new kind of woman.that-woul- d 'suit men better; she said in this .'connection that the successors of- the noble progenitors ' of the race spoken of iMW Blaine surely ;will' be able to hatch anewbe1ngMwiinottt''theaiBlp''of woman. (Loud bursts of applause. Mrs. Elizabeth Oakes Smith read an article entitled "Biology and Woman's Rights. She reas extremely well, has a very sweet, low voice and a charming manner; her reading was frequently applauded. Mr. Frederic .Douglas, by invitation of Mrs. Stanton, made a few remarks ; suitable to the occasion, the audience manifesting' their pleasure by applauding ,him freely. Mrs. Stanton then announced as a committee to wait upon President Hayes and inform him of the existence of 20,000,000 women citizens In the United States, which fact he failed to recognize in his recent message, Mrs. Elizabeth Oakes Smith, Mrs. Matilda Joslyn tfage and Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells. Miss Anthony then made some very clever, cutting and humorous remarks. Mrs. Dundore then addressed the convention. In her remarks she said hers was a guerilla warfare, she was bound by no parties - , or methods. . X ; Evening session. The rain poured in torrents, the wind blew fiercely, and yet the hall, was crowded in every part. Mrs. Wells, of Utah, was the first speaker. Miss Anthony followed, deli vering berverycelebrated lecture, "Bread and the Ballot" She is a very earnest woman and impresses every' one with her indi- -- -- viduality. She was frequently applauded, and certainly made some strong arguments and good hits. Mrs. Wells made a few more remarks. Friday morning. Mrs. Blake made a few remarks, and introduced Mrs. Helen M. Cooke, .who read the report of the suffrage association of New York city. Dr. Cora Bland then spoke on the growth of liberty, and began with the assertion that history teaches us in all ages that man is a natura1 brute. After this there was some discussion upon the resolutions, and Mrs. Gage stated that Pres. 'Hayes had mentioned one woman in his message, because she was the widow of ' some man. Mrs. Spencer related the interview with the President when Mrs. Sargent and herself bad called upon him asking him to say a good word for women in his first mesas ge, and again in the second. They then asked if the bill removing the political disabilities of women should pafi,.would bearproveit. "Probably.'1 "Would he indicate his friendliness in his message?" He could not tell; it was a huge question, requiring great deliberationv Mrs. Spencer concluded by saying; "You see he did not know what to say.' Whereupon Miss Anthony remarked that men didn't know which was the eafe'slde of the fence. Hon. A. G. Biddle, a Washington lawyer, then addressed the convention; his subject was suflrage, and he spoke to the point. Ha closed by saying that the emancipation of woman was as inevitable as any other fixed fact tbat is ; foreshadowed. ... Mrs. Stanton made some remarks upon her labors at the beginning of the movement, and Lucre tla Mott, the sweet her husband's . protest, Quaker lady, saying, "Now, Elizabeth, don't thee make the whole thing ridiculous by saying that the women want to vote; I beg thee." She asked Fred Douglas to urge the resolutions as she had not then learned to put three words together before an ' audience, and the j Hon was carried. Marshall- Douglas then, came forward and gave a brief account'of the first woman's con ! - . - 