KB 214 LETTER . No. 2G52 Olive Street. Emmeltne MADAtf: I ' Wells : B. Dear - - ; havo been authorize and requested to give notice that the annual meeting of the National Woman Suffrage Association will be held at St. George's Hall, comer of 7th and Locust streets, St Louis, on the 7th, 8th and 9th days of May next; on which occassion you are most cordially invited and requested to bo present. It is believed that the time is auspicious for making this the most important meeting of the Association ever held', for which purposo no efforts will bo spared to make the attendance as large and influential as possible, so that it may prove to be a veritable ''Ecumenical Council" of the friends of Woman's enfranchisement. I am assured that dolegates wlJl be in attendance from ever section of the country, more especially from the South, and what is termed, the Great North-We- st I have every reason to believe that the Convention will be well worth your attendance, and do much to speed the cause wo have o much at heart. Every attention will be paid to delegates, and accommodations secured for them,,, as far as possible, in private families. I trust you will give this notice .an wide a publicity as possible, and inform me whether or not, you will attend. With much respect, Yours Truly, Virginia L, Minor, Vice President for Missouri - 1 THE HARP IN HEAVEN. J the sweetest recollections of my to irlhood is a beautiful repjy my mother One of once made me, when my heart was swell- ing with childish grief. I had just returned from the house of a wealthy neighbor, who had kindly given me the use of their piano for a few hours overy day to gratify ,my extremo love for music. Our own cottage home looked so plain in contrast witn tho one I had just left, and no piano within its walls, I laid my head upon tho table and gave vent to my overflowing heart. T felt grieved, and perhaps a little angry, that we were unable to afford the one thing I desired above all others a piano and expressed my feelings to my mother. Never shall I forget her sweet, gentle tone, as she simply replied, "Never mindf daughter, if you cannot have a piano on earth, you may have a harp In heaven." Instantly the whole current of my feelings was changed. Earthly things dwindled intoinsigniflcance, and the "harp In heav-e- n,' with Its golden, strings, became tho olyect of my desire." I'folt reproved for my replninga against tho Providence that had placed me j in a Tiumbio home, and from that moment the enjoyment of heaven seemed far to outweigh all the plesures of earth. That beautiful reply "ha3 followed ino all my life, or rather has gone before molike a bright guiding starlifting my thoughts above this transient life, and opening to my spirit's vision the glorions scenes in that Wand; of life and light'" I have n "piano on earth" now, but, Its charm is gone. Its music" no longer gladdens my heart as it once did, for the ears that' loved best tolisten to its sweet tones, are now enraptured with tho grand harmonies of -- - - Palace of Fashion, No. heaven. The dear Angers ' that so often touched i ts keys now sweep tho goldon O, that "harp in heaven !" x its How my soul longs for one breath of ' rich melody! As I look upon the dear baby fingers in the cradle near me' I think it matters little whether my child be poor or rich whether her path be strewn with thorns or flowers if she may only have a "harp in heaven." Mother's Journal. harp-string- St Louis, Mo., Feb. 20th, 1879. jvins. StEXP O N E N T. -- WO-M:A-NTf 0. E. DYE MRSi s. East Temple Street. 17 and those visitlnsr ce to call at her show rooms and see her new stock of MILLINERY, The latest and most stylish modes of Hats and Bonnets in Straw, Eelt and Velvet. Also a nice Felectlon In Flowers, Feathersf Plushes. Velret and Ribbons in the latest shades and stripes- Country dealers, please calL Ladles' Hair work in all its branches. Good work imaranteed. Desires the lad ies of Salt Lake Con-leren- - Z. O. IMI. Wholesale and Retail Dealing I. in all kinds of GENGHIS KHAN AND THE OWL. DRY NOTIONS, GROCERIES, HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWAEE, AGRICULTURAL 1MPLEMNETS, dc Nearly seven hundred years ago, a young Mongolian prince named Genghis (or Zinghis) while engaged in warfare with a Tartar tribe, was defeated in battle, and so hotly chased by his enemies that he was like to be captured. His shattered defend, era lost sight of him, and he fled alone in momentary peril of death. Exhausted at last, and with scarcely a hope of saving himself, he plunged into a thicket, and lay listening withjbeating heart while the Tartars camo on, raging for his blood. . They knew he nad disappeared somewhere in the immediate vicinity, and to his horror they stopped directly before his hiding-place- . Instead of searching the bushes, howdver, they held a short consultation and passed on; and from the words he overheard, Genghis learned the cause of his deliverance. As the pursuers appioached, a white owl was seen sitting calmly on a tree directly over the thicket. It flew away, frightened at their appearance and noise, and the barbarian warriors said, "If the man had been herethat bird would have been disturbed before. Let us go on." And so Genghis was saved, to become one of tho conquerors of the world,and Emperor of all Tartary and Northern China and Eastern Persia. In grateful remembrance of his preservation, ho and his followers adopted the snowy owl as their guardian ensign, and ever after tho picture of the bird was displayed on tho Mongol and Kalmuck battle-flagT. B. Ex. (Successor to Mitchell & Jawes,) Tinner, Gas, Water -- Five hundred pieces of Dress Goods, Embroideries, Ruch-ln- s, Five Hundred pairs Kid Gloves, Trimmings, Ladies' Ties, Cun and Collars 100 Cartoons of Ribbons. Largest Wholesale Millinery 8tock In the West. Notions, Boots ana Shoes, Gents' and Boys' Clothing and Furnishing Goods. Etc. Etc, MULBERRY TREES. T70R 8 ALE at the Forest Farm, f rem Three cents each and upwards. Please forward all orders to MRS. Z IN AD. YOUNG, JO Salt Lake Ciiy. Orders by mail or otherwise are promptly attended to. Home Industrial rwo doors south of Jennings Corner, and respectfully nvites the friends of Home Industry, and the FuoBc generally, lo call and examine her stock of Hats made from the latest Parisian style and shape. Ladies will also: find a variety of Imported Hats aiid Bonnets, with every, 3 thing1 pertaining to a Millinery Establishment-a- t moderate prices. and Panama, Leghorn and Straw Hats, Cleaned, Dyed Altered. first-cIaS- FRENCH HAIR STOEE. Ladies FxrasxcxArx OFFICR-r- jp itEtX2MIEIi ALL. . - 1 , , ' - . FURNITURE SPRING BEDS, W.TRE MATTRESSES, . ' Feathers Cassimores $1.00 to $L25 per Yard. r - JOHN. C; CTJTLERJ ':; Old Agen t, Constitution Ralldinf , . .' DISEASES of tho EYE AND: eAE. 3 Bars for 25 Cent. 3 Bars for 20 Cents. . S5Centach 25 Cents each ALSO ' . Women, and MiDB. Washboards, (Zinc) . . , . Brooms, A FUIX STOCK op XAU3TS, sunoson, audConstitution Buildln, stlars, In OM next dopr to the Woman's Exponent Office. ... Residence six blocks east of Poet OiUce, louth aid of . , street. v. has Special study been g Iven to Obstetrics, diseases of Opposite the Bait Lake Houee, and will sell as Cheap or Cheaper than ever. - Kimball Block. VI ROHAIim B. PRATT, FANCY & STAPLE DRY COODS, , not JOSEPUTNK GREGORY, Salt Lake City. Has removed, with hi entire New Stock of Harris' Soap, 0 are requested to call and examine the complete assortment of Curls, Braids, Switches, Lxs. at Reduced Prices. All kinds of Hair Work made up In the mest Artlstlo etyle. Cash paid for Human Hair and Combings. Notice to alli IF. S DEI W Jk. IR, T Z SnellV Soap, warranted First Class, MAIN STREET, No. 49 AIXBT HOVBLTIIB Of Ladies' in Bilk Lace, Tie?, a large variety of Collars, Cuffs, Ribbons, an excellent variety, Dress Goods, and in fact everything you want in general merchandise. Conference visitors, call at KBW--nOi!- lB Straw Manufactory. Wishing to accmmodats her patrons, the Ladles of Salt Lake City and Vicinity, has Removed her Show and Saleroom to L OMBTDING Pamps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responped to. --5 Address, David James, Box SQ6, Salt Lake City. F. 1DERBACH & BROTHER, 55 East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. ARRIVING DAILY, ; Steam Fitter NEW FALL STOCK. NEW SPRING GOODS mi Bowa & RUIBSEY'S CELEBRATED LIFT AND FORCE PUIKPS. s. II GOODS, i 1 " , , . ; ' . , Wll Paper AXD "- : - BABY CABRIAQES. 75, 77 4f 79 First South St Salt Laka lOit 