59 WO M A N'S EX PONENT. HUMILITY. When M&rjr chose "the better part," : She mcekljUBatiit lmnLUcii7And Lydia'a gently opened heart WM made for God's oirn temple meet. Fairest and best adorned is she . Whose clothing is humility. The Saint that wore heaven's brightest crown In deepest adoration benda; The weight of flory bows him down The most, when most his soul ascends. Nearest the throne itself most be The footstool of humility. Montgomery. - -- even-thoug- For the ExroxENT. MAY AVE BE TRUE. May we be true, and faithful To serve the Lord our God, too And him obey without delay Nor need his chasfuiir rod. May we delight to honor those Who do the priesthood hold, That live fer right, and not for might, For truth, instead of gold. We'll watch and pray, both night and day And God his peace will give, To those who seek to honor him And itrive as saints to live. as child ren of one God Unite our bands and hearts, And God will surely bless eacb'ono That seeks to do hH part. May we We'll purge ourselves of ev'ry sin, And purify our souls; And fit ourselves to enter in Our Eteavenly Father's fold. ANaLEBoWKING. Brlgham CItyi Aug, 27, 1879," GOOD MANNERS. BY BLANCHE BEECHWOOD. We promised our readers a continuation articles on etiquette and extracts from the best book on that subject Mrs. Ward's of Sensible Etiquette. "Zimmerman tells us that to entertain and benefit readers, authors must deliver freely in writing that which, in the general Intercourse of society, it would be impossible to say either with safety or politeness. They may even decompose the state of their own minds, he adds, and make observa. tions on their own characters for the benefit of other men, rather than leave their bodies ' by will to professors of anatomy." "It is when our faults are held up to view so that we can in a - small degree see ourselves as others see lis, and aim to correct our errors and shortcomings, and our manners, that we may attain a greater excel, fence in all that is eleyatlng and: refining. It is the prerogative of the writer "to impress those who read with the language truth and express plainly His or her thoughts upon the manner and conduct of society, as mingling in it, one must impose silence opon themselves In; regard to these subjects Consequently are they. left for the author; and if he does his duty. In this respect ho is deserving of thanfcsVrf6r he saves us all . from much that is unpleasant" Thoughtlessness is h .vulgarity as and deserves .more .severe conJporance, demnation' We are notlas. much to blame Ior ignorantly committing an, error as. We as-muc- are for neglecting that whichweknowlto duty because of lack of thought, .or consideration for others. .. .. We are capable of much more, than wo are to apt imagine,, and when placed ;fn cir De cumstances which compel us to exercise latent faculties, we begin to comprehend something of the power oT the human soul and will. We should be polite from an innate conviction that it is apart of the true character, which belongs to the eternal beauty which will exist forever; and also that it is a duty we owe to those with whom wo associate, arid an expression of love to our neighbor, which our Savior gave as a commandment. It may seem to sonSe of our readers that it is uncalled for to write articles upon etiwo may all know quette, but these little trifles, we need to bo occasionally reminded of them, as we all do of our daily duties and obligations. There is a host of . children growing up in this community, and as it cannot be expected that all parents have time or inclination to teach them all that is expected of them in Society; it is therefore absolutely necessary that they should te instructed by reading. "Tho3o who ridicule this sort of drilling, who refuse to adopt the forms that the cultivated adopt, not only expose their own deficient training, but their conduct gives' increased testimony to the necessity that exists for a more general understanding of those law3 of social life which, like the laws of the universe, prevent all things frhm returning to chaos. Some of these laws of social life, like the laws of civil life, differ in different lands; although not those that are the most essential in the regulation of conduct and behavior. Everywhere children are taught that affectation and pretence are vulgarities; that it is a vulgarity to yawn .without making somo effort to suppress it; to whistle or hum in the presence of older persons, whether in railway cars or in houses, or to make any monotonous noise with feet or hands, beating time, etc,; to play with napkin rings, or with any article at the table during meal time; to pick the teeth with the fingers; to cut or clean the nails outside of one's dressing-room- ; to lounge anywhere in the presence of company; to place the elbows on the table, or to lean 3 upon it while eating; to take hold of or to touch them,with familiarity while talking with them; to speak of absent persons by their first names, when you would not so address them if they were present; to acquire the habit of saying "you know," "says he," and "says she;" to use slang words; to tattle; to scratch the head or person; to whisper in company; to hide the mouth with the hand when speaking; to point at any one or anything with the fingers; to stare at persons; to laugh at one's own stories or remarks; to toss articles in. stead of handing them, and to take anything without thanking the one who waits upon you (excepting at tabic), be It a superior, an equal, or an inferior. Everywhere, also, children are taught that it is a rudeness to stand In the way, without instantly moving when another tries to pass; not to say "I beg pardon" when you havoin any ,.way inconvenienced Jsome one; starting up suddenly and running from the room without asking . to be excused; going before older persons, who are entitled to precede you, when leaving a'room with them; leaving the table with food in thp mouth, taking possession of a seat that belongs to an. other, and not rising Instantly upon his leaving any. one without saying ,good-bye;- " or giving at least a bow; interrupting any one in conversation; contra-- ' dieting, pushing, or even coming In' contact with another unintentionally, without begging pardon for rudeners; a , h per-son- ; re-tar- n; tho-secmin- g 1 want of punctuality; neglecting to answer notes and letters promptly, especially those requiring information; ridiculing others; passing any one whom you know without speaking, with whom you are on speaking terms; keeping the hat on in the house in the presence of a lady; and many others, too numerous to mention, are regarded either as vulgarities or as rudeness. They denote want of early training, or a coarse nature, not susceptible of refinement, for manners are the fruits of mind." Theso are a few of the very simplest things pertaining to our dally intercourse with each other in the family and social relation. They are easily acquired by all, and yet how often they are neglected. Want of thought, and sometimes, we think, of as well as that genuine love for others, and consideration for their feel- -, ings, which should characterize' the soul of every true man and vomanyare the causes, and when we become indifferent to all the little trifles which .beautify life and make our homes pleasant and our hearts .light, we mayjook in vain for the great blessings which wo desife. Everything has its foun.. dation in the little grains that make up the whole, and home happiness and the plea-burof society depend much more upon what we call trifles than we are apt to imagine. Then let us who profess to be brothers and sisters of ono great family( study to observe the laws of politeno39 and good breeding, and be careful to avoid all that would in any way wound another, or cause us to lose our own I am aware that these things are often alluded, to' as mere forms, but they aro the sure index to the feelings, and if we are always careful to observe the little civilities wo owe to each other, it will save us much unpleasantness and many an explanation, perhaps apology, and we shall be better satisfied with ourselves when we feel wq have, even in the smallest matter, done "to others as wo would they should do to us." (To bo continued.) self-respec-t, es self-respec-t. A Quaker Printer's Proverbs Thou shouldst not rap at the door of a printing office, for He that answereth the rap sneereth in his sleeves and loseth time. . Never send an article for publication without giving the editor thy name, for thy name oftentimes secures publication to worthless articles. Never do thou loaf about nor knock dpwn type, or the boys will love theo as.they do the shade trees when thou leavest. Thou shouldest never read the copy on the printers case, or the sharp and hooked container thereof, or he may knock theo -''- down. 4; Never inquire of the editor for news, for behold he will give it to theo at the appointed time without thee asking for it. It is not right that thou shouldst ask him who is the author of an article for, It Is his duty to keep such' things unto himself.' When thou' dost enter his office, take heed unto thyself that itiou dost not look at what concerns thee not, for that is not meet in the eight of good breeding. " Neither examino thou the proof-shee- t, for it is .not ready, to meet thine ?eyo; that thou mayst understand. : Thou shouldst not deludo thyself with ; - . , : . . . the thought that thou hast saved a fow .'cents when thou hast secured a dead.head copy of his paper; for whilst tho pirnter may smile and say it is all right, 'he will never; forget thy meanness. . 