WOMAN'S EXPONENT. argument, heroic struggle and sacrifice on the altar of woman's freedom. THE IMMENSE LABORS OF WOMEN for their own enfranchisement during the Forty-fift- h Cobgress are shown upon the pages of the Congressional Record, and it id evident that the new Congress look for a still larger, more determined and effective demonstration from the women who know their rights, and knowing dare maintain. The illogical, contradictory and evasive adverse report of the United States Senate Committee on Privileges and Elections, showing that women are, "inexperienced in political affairs" (a every man is when he easts his first vote); that "they are quite generally dependent on men" (whom they endowed with life and brought safely up through the scarlet fever, measles whooping cough and cutting their thirty-tw- o teeth); that they cannot fight" (though they furnish all the armies of the earth with their beloved sons who go from their arms to be shot'to death with bullets); that woman, "if allowed to vote, would proceed to impair or destroy the marriage relation" (to which chaste, modest man has only been able to hold her hitherto by the strong arm of the law) this Majority Report, representing the convictions of six United States Senators on the woman (question, together with the Minority Report of the same committee recognizing the right of woman to and the duty of to aid in her Congress securing the exerciso of this right, are also on record in Congress, inviting intelligent men in both Houses to a fuller discussion of human rights. The tie vote on this question in the House Judiciary Committee of the last Congress also indicates to the present Congress the need of research and debate. The constitutional amendment asked for, provides national protection lor the rights nrnmon self-governme- -- nt rf fuuivu nftivnna VillbCUOi ui The history of legislation in Congress for a century is a history of national legislation upon the rights of men, and all of the great political parties have continuously demand ed national protection for the rights they each specifically held as most sacred. The Missouri Compromise of 1820, its repeal in 1854, and the Fugitive Slave act of 1850, fovm a history of national legislation demanded and secured by the slaveholders to establish their rights to property in man, and their right to take such property, hold it or recover it anywhere under the national flag. This struggle led to the formation of the And since that time the rights of man, and the need of national legislation to protect them, have entered more and more intensely in every contest between the two great; political parties. The thirteenth amendment of 1865, abolishing slavery, the fourteenth amendment of 1867, defining citizenship arid Imposing penalties for the violation of the rights of citizens, the fifteenth amendment expressly protecting the United States citizen In his chief right the right to vote aro all milestones on the way to mark the conflict of the rights of property in man, and the rights of man as man. Republican party. DURING ALL THESE YEARS of heroic struggle for humanity, man's belief in his own divine right to property in woman has generally been serene, scarcely moved by a ripple of r remorse. That man was made to glorify Godr woman to glorify-mahas been his self-reproa- ch n, theoretical and Practical creed. From the very birth of the nation women 39 of intelligence, culture and philanthropy! women like Abigail Adams, Margaret Ful- rights for. women in your; section, and the 8ubstantiata4yanc3 this direction ' Fourth.---Th- e large number of 'leading Tmindsitf tnege'ho w 4vbwed advocates of woman suffrage, not only as a ntqral rlht, , ; dui as a vitaj, neea or mo. nation.: $m as a repersentati ye of Fiftbtrrgo. State .to' iciEiiuTraiidr;;xi.6t to your 'ndsciiQ follow the inas'tn doing justice to the "nf"Tr:" ler, Lucrotia Mott, hose vel-- names men say, are an insplartlon.to thern have asked the nation to cdhsi These never-ceasin- g 4 cated the people, have secured larger op portunities for woman in education, labor, wagus and social life, more humane ; legislation upon her civil fights as a wife, mother and widow, and an increasing respect for the main question, the right which includes all other rights, her right to y : 4 women of tnfs republic. Six thSugges t that "he who forgets n in ttis" her day of struggle for .freedom may himself be forgotten by her when 10,000,000 of women citizens, wUli tKe 6al-lin their hands, choose their own rulers. Frienda, workers bear constantly in mind that every line you ''write, "every '.word you utter, everydollar.'ydu contribute':- to advance woman suffrage is helping to uplift a continent to a plane of justice, purity and wo-ma- the ballot. The 40,000 votes for woman suffrage In Michigan, (cast of coarse by men only), the ' 9,070 votes in Kansas, the 6,666 votes in Colorado, the large votes in many State Legislatures, the right to vote on school questions already granted to women in Kansas, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Colorado, Califoi nla, Oregun, tho recent passage in the Legislature of Minnesota of a. resolution asking Congress to submit a sixteenth amendment i rbviding for woman suffrage, the general suffrage already secured to women in Wyoming and Utah, these and countless other advance tests throughout the country have developed the fact that the most worthy and intelligent auipng men are in favor o equal rights for women, and that Ignorance, and vice, and notably the ; liquor In teres t,..are the most determined obstacles in the way of woman's enfranchisement. The discussion in Congress of the bill to admit women to practice before the Supremo Court of the United States, and jits passage by overwhelming majorities in both Houses, have led many to the conclusion that if a woman may plead a case involving the rights of men and women before the highest judicial body In the land, it is an absurdity and. an anachronism to deny her the right to vote on the closing of a dram" shop, or the opening of a town pump ' ot ': - freedom. Sara Andrews Spencer, Cor. Sec. Nat. Worn. Suf. Asso. Elizabeh Cady Stanton, President. Susan B. Anthony. -- Vice President. Matilda Joslyn Gage, Ballot-Box- In these, passing days, the footsteps of many and the thought pfvmul titudes, more are turned to. beauUfui, Stratford-on-von by the special commemoration there of the season alike of Shakespeare's birth and death. The monumental inscription 1 in Stratford church places the latter event on April 53, .1610. The register of his chrlstn-ingmak- e it not improbable that he was born, as traditiosn says, upon Jheyery same day of the year 156, It js a.striking.qfrcumsance, too, that the same, mortuary; date, April 23, 1616, belongs to Cervantes, who wrote the most poplar book in all secular literature Don Quixote, and to "Shakespeare, the author of the greatest works of human genius. To .suppose, Jiowever, that the Englishman and Spaniard; the, two best entitled, after the sacred writers, to be called the whole vfbfld'a men did rtipon the same A " , of the supreme Court upon the constitu. tional rights of citizens, however unsound and inconsistent on other point?, and however contradictory in argument, all agree in the one inflexible conclusion, the denial of woman's right to vote under the Consti- . Therefore tho friends of woman suffrage and the woman suffrage organizations throughout the country are unanimous in the present demand for an amendment to tho National Constitution expressly declaring woman's day, is, according to J&Cr." Tick nor, in his History of Spanish .Literature, a mistake, the calendar not having then been altered in England, :Wb!chvQial(fia.iffQrence of tea days. . ... .... The Shakespeare Memorial Building to be dedicated wltri drarnatic and other exer. cises during tho ten days of this combines a theatre,.liQraryl7and celebration, Though in.many.respectsa(:fittlng recognition, if worthily execa(ed.:y.et .. we are not sorry to have,visited Stratford h erected, when.the. stranger , looked1 about him and beheld, in the place Iteelf, to" some extent, . the .natural and : cenitemporarieous monument of the mighty.dead. It was to be t homo that fihakespearo returned away. Iiom.tho London. of. his flayer's here, life JAfc W to, ascribe to. him -, CITIZEN OF THE ; UNITED STATES. Friends, who receive this appeal and who realize your own duty, and responsibility in securing this reform, which includes all . art-galle- ry reforms, beginto work ot once. Read instructions to workers In tract No. 2 and see to it that your town, county, and State are recognized In Congress as alive concerning the rights of women. Address a strong but brief letter to your own Senator and Representative irr Congress, calling his attention to the following points: First The vast expenditure of time, public treasure and lives in securing tho . rights of. men. SecondThe Injustice In) enjoying and aeem-rtdicalou- of . - . Aternus, Ward's aspiration, in the character ahowmantasettie dxjwneespeitabie, ZtlV!LqhUTfh la;g0Qa iiko one's Sf, - Thlrd.Tho'ihcrea3uig demand for equal : , tution as it is. insecurity in iretainlngi these-- rights Awhile onchalf! the population of4 the .country, wives, moth erf and daughters of .men. a re idiots and Chlneselprdho'Wi'rr , BY (GEORGE H. WHITEMOltE. THE REPEATED DECISION AS A Ch. Ex, Committee. . THE HOME OF PHAKESPEARE. . EIGHT TO VOTE . - J fHf1 T?mnt .desirab e to-n- ytVVtem this.would not to.Stratford.;; iMsJn: general i n Wl "r nt ; , and associations ot,bu4nm.m'd'pt homeland i flnfl .final SAvrnM.. v r. eBlCiouto;irom 11. . MO " . ,006, ;jand to 