t that all returns from all the precincts voting the peoples' ticket be thrown out, because the women voted." How magnanimous! poor fellow, I wonder if ho ever had a mother, a wife, or a daughter; if so, what - For the Exposest. "MY SON GIVE ME THINE HEABT," - . She rocked her habit sinking low Love tones tbat mothers siogt To tender words that mothers know do they think of him? Ia he not afraid they will pickle him? What is all this hue and cry about? Is it our religion? Oh no! we don't care what you believe in, you can believe in anything you like only you must not practice it. They roll up their eyes in holy horror at plurality of wives, yet practice it themselves, after their own manner. The old How fittingly to string. aye! the secret of her song, , In each and every part; Was ever, all the 8 weet time long, My child, give me thine heart.' When nature's fairest beauties emi!ed, She loved with him to stray, And taught tha listening trustful child, L To fairer realms the way. And when amid earth's scenes of ill. Her anxious fears did start; The pleading of ber love, was still My child give me thine heart. 'My child give me thine heart;' bo hears -Tbe heavenly Father's call; For fleeing to his throne, her tears And prayers, before blm fall. When Christ hath died that thou might'st live JLnd . saying is "those that make tho greatest cry of 'stop thief!' are those that need watching." What do such men caro for woman but to abuse her? Nothing; less than nothing. The vast majority of maLkind, if women will do as they wish, and keep quiet, they will spend their money to adorn their person never mind their soul until they get tired of them and want a change, then if married to one they will often treat her to magnificent contempt, twirl a cigar between their lips, and talk of tho folly and imbecility of women, and bestow timo and means upon other women to beguile their idle hours; if unmarried, spend their money and degrade their manhootl in gambling dens and other vile places. They call the Mormons vile, whose lives are spent in caring for, their wives and children, both temporally and spiritually, who endeavor to exalt themselves and all on them, who work early and late to provide for their household honestly; not striving as our enemies aro doing, no mat-te- r how, to get their hands into "Undo Sam's" pocketfjto rob him In utter following the Quaker's advice to his son: "My son, get money; get it honestly if thee can,- but get money." Any one that reads the paper! cannot help but seo that the amount of fraud inflicted on the people of the United States is stupendous, and every pretended investigation is but an added robbery of the nation. If our are sincere, let them commence at home to set things right, and they will find so much to do that they will forget to trou- And facing evils dart, Thy mother's love, no less would give ; .Wilt thou withold tbino heart? Alas ! bow e'en Immanuel's cry ; Of desolation, pain, Pleading for strength, with him on high, While midnight hour did wane; Fell on discipl03 loved, who slept, Though soon with him to part; While lie in love, and anguish wept, Father give me their hearts.' Alas! for bim, who had denied His Master's name and power; Of whom, e'en nature testified, In crucifixions hour. Spare me the cry of souls thatwsit- The dread command depart; Remembering at last, too late, My child, givo mo thine heart. Augusta Joyce Ckccheko.v.. dn-pendi- - Feb, shame-lessnes- s, 10, 187?. For the Expokkst. ii CONSISTENCY THOU AKT A JEWEL." Will our enemies please be consistent, if only for the novelty of the thing? How reasonable they are! they never turn their coats, no never! A short time since the brokencry was the pocr, hearted women of Utah, who dared not raise their heads, much less their voices, for fear of the vengeance of their tyrant husband, for instance tie them up in sacks and throw them into tho Salt Lake to p'ekle. They said give tho poor, ignorant the franchise, and they will turn the tables on their tyraqts by pitching them into tho big pickling tub nature has Well, our husbands gave us the right of franchise, showing how little fear they had of our vengeance, and for eight years we havo gono tp the polls with those husbands to cast our votes for those we felt tho best qualified to hold the offices we had tho power to bestow; no quarrelling, no rowdyism, all peace and harmony. All of a sudden we hear a cry. What's the matter now? Why, those women that we havo liberated, instead of voting for ui, and giving 113 all. power to. crush their tyrants, they are as bad as their husbands; we thought we had thrown sand in their eyes, and blinded their reason, but wo find we havo failed; we thought they were fools, d but find they have us. Now, what are we to do? We will move earth and that other place, where they keep the furnaco red-ho- t but we will stop your voting. What have they done here jn Tooelo County? Thrown out all tho precincts but two. What for? To uso the words of ono poor sniveling creaturo of this most liberal (?) party, who tut in a petition asking ng de-fame- rs down-trodde- n, ble us. Then again, how very consistent aro the lriends of the Chinese Bill (these same men); their strongest arguments aro that they have no family ties; they do not amalgamate; they do not seek to become citizens, but as soon as they obtain sufficient money return to their own country. Now they must be driven out of the country, or exterminated for not having families. Tho Mormons must receive the same treatment for having families, and seeking to become citizens of the United States. Oh, how very, consistent! ThW'are like the man prj-vide-d. that going to be pung could not feel satisfied. Well, theypiay drive John from the country, and dp many other mighty works, but wo intend to stay here so long as we or our posterity may live. yyas Grantsville, March 9th, 1879. 'Mary. . OUR MISSION. HEAD BEFORE THE CONJOINT. MEETING Or THE out-witte- " M. WARD, r I. S. ASSOCIATIONS OF L. CITY; JAN. "1879. JIIE llTIT, My young brothers and sisters, we were all sent here on tho earth, for a purpose, and we all have a mission to perform. It is the duty of each of us to understand that mission. We have been told by many 'of our great men, that the noblest spirits werai reserved to coma forth in this our day, be cause of tho great and mighty Work to be accomplished, in preparing for the second coming of our . Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. I wonder how many of us realize, that ours is one of those noble spirits, and do woeyer ask ourselves the question; aro we honoring and striving to bring our bodies into subjection to that pure and noble spirit, that inhabits it, which ever invites to deeds of virtue and holiness, and would check us when prompted to do any evil or wrong. How our hearts should swell With gratitude to God, that for us was reserved this great privilege, which so many of our forefathers longed to enjoy but were . , do-nic- d. How little wo realized these great gospel truths, until these organizations were instituted for the growth and development of the young, Now we begin to know who wo are, from where wo came, and what will be our future do3tiny, if wo are faithful to God and obey all his commands: and let us notjhink for a moment that we can do too much good the little timo wo stay; for it will be only through the utmost diligence on our part, that wo can earn a place in the Celestial Kingdom. We must not only be able to say, "we havo dono harm to no one, but we must bo able to say; we have done all in our power, for the furtherance and advancement of theZion of God on the earth, being prompt iu every good word and work. Let us attend faithfully to all our meetings, and seek knowledge from every available source, for knowledge is power, and the more wo "possess the more capablo wo will be in assistwork. ing in tho great latter-da- y We all desire to bo good and useful, so letusputour good desire into execution, for it Is In our power so to do. It i probable that we covenanted with our Iieaveuly Father before we came here, that we would be energetic in the causo of righteousness, if ho would grant us the great fand inestimable privilege of having a body on the earth; for we could then see how great tho blessings to bo thus obtained, which could bo obtained in no other way. We cannot now see as we could then, but wo havo tho Holy Gospel to lead and guide us into all truth, and teach us our duty from time to time we are also blest with a living priest-hoothrough which we can receive the word of God, so we are not left to grope in the dark. These associations were organised through that living priesthood, and consequently are from heaven; and any young man or woman who will faithfully attend these meetings, taking part as they may be called upon by those who preside will advance with rapid strides, will know their mission, and will become great md mighty pillars in the "church of God upon tho earth; and finally be crowned in the presence of God and the Lamb, while those who take no part, or taking part shrink from duty, will also reap the reward of the deeds done in the body, and will receive only what they have justly earned. May we who are here this evening put on the whole armor, of righteousness, and battlo bravely to overcome; Bin, and establish a reign1 of peace on the earth, and .that we may receive all the glory, we are capacita. ted to enjoy, is thejprayer of your sister. ,- -- d, Maby A. Freeze. No man has come to truo greatness who has not felt In some degree that his life belongs to his race, and what God gives him Ho give3him for mankind. Phillip . Brooks. - -- 