R. S. EEPORTS. On hand April 10, 1879, cash, $77 70; property, $1,054 26; wheat, 621 bu, 17m, BOX ELDER STAKE. Lydia Rich, Pres't. The Third Quarterly Conference of Mho Y. It, M. I. Association was held in Brig-haCity, June 11, 1879. The Conference convened at 10 a. m. Opened as usual. m Supt. Minnie J. Snow being unable to attend, Pres. II, A. Snow, presided. The minutes of the last Conference, together with the Statistical and Financial report, were read by the Secretary. The various organizations were reported, excepting Malad City and Portage. After JbexlosjKerci8ea.QnIorencQ? adjourned until August 10. 1870. The following is a condensed report of nine of the organizations in this Stake of Zion. Statistical . Members, 471 ; Meetings, 54; Average attendance, 240. Financial: Becelpts, cash , and property, $195 50; Wheat, 14 bu,; Public buildings, $12 GO; -- . Logan Temple, $8 50; B. C. Tabernacle, $90 50;Sundries 3 90. Remaining in.Treas-ury- , a nd cashfproperty. $102 88. The Conference was well attended; a good spirit and general determination for improvement prevailed. Ahmed a S. Young, Cor. Sec'y. MORGAN STAKE. The Third Quarterly Conference of the ZMorgmMMdetSoclety-- convened at Morgan City on the 24th of April, 1879, at M!iJ?m, .Iffjdla Bich , presiding. There were present of the presiding priesthood of the Stake, Pres. Willard G. Smith and Counselors Richard Fry and Samuel Francis i also a good, representation of the presiding priesthood of the various wards. The nine societies of the Stake were all represented by their Presidents, cr other officers, as being In good condition spiritually and temporally, there being an increasing Interest manifested among the sisters in attending to their meetings and other duties. The grasshojjpers are very numerous here this season and threaten to destroy our crops, which makes thff sisters . - J feel to engage as much as possible In y n, 1879 Statistical: Teachers, CO; members, and members, 253; meetings held last quarter, 58; average attendance. 114; 214-office- rs Woman's Exponent taken, 32 Financial: On hand January 10, 1879, in cash, $G2 45; in property, $1,048 04-Wea- 25 boU" 53 lb' t' ecelpto iwt quite bu. HI Vrerty' In G5 "heat;-j.- To the poor, cash and property, $43 85; Temple "25rihbmo Industries, $17 64; books, 56 20; missionaries, $1 40; building $94 4o score fc en to see the " v oyejiu a uoaar on billiards. "vDon't think that board and clothes is i .sufficient return for all a wife doe Annual report of the Mt. Pleasant Relief Society, from May 11, 1878, to May 11, 1879: Donations for poor, $174 56; disbursements to r, $169; donations to Welsh emigration, $20; to the European mission, $30; in the Treasury, sundry articles for poor, $21 70; cash, $5 40; stock in Coop Institutions, $50 73; total, $091 50. Wbeat stored away, 419 bu., l lib. The sisters hero are very willing, and - I feel to encourage them; and may God bless them ana give them a double portion of His Holy Spirit, that they may gain knowledge and understanding to as sist them in the performance of so great and so glorious a cause. It is truly gratifying to be able to givo a good report of our young ladies; they are really taking a lively Interest in their meetings, and by their energy and perse, veranco are accomplishing much good, and me more they exercise the ability God has given them the better they will bo ablo to convey their thoughts to each other and by prayerfulness and humility their understandings will become enlarged, so that they can more fully comprehend tho great and important work that is before the-poo- wis-do- them. We also have a meeting, every Thursday the juveniles, who appear to be quite' elated at the prospect - of soon being organ; ized into all Association of their own. May for God bless the dear children and all those who take an interest in trvins? to encourage them and do them good. Our agent for tho Silk Association is tak, ing quite an interest in her labors, and in. tends, by energy and perseverance to make it a success. May our Heavenly Father bless us in our labors of lovo in which wo aro that it may bo like bread cast uponengaged, the watersbe found after many days is the prayer of your sister in the New and Everlasting Covenant, Margaret va- rious pursuits of home industry, thus economizing what they have and making many of the things they need. They also feel much interested in the spiritual work of the Lord. There were many faithful test!- monies borne to the truth of the Latter-dawork in which we are engaged, by the sisters who spoke, and the Spirit of the Lord was with us. Tho subjects mostly dwelt upon were Home Industries, United Order, Faith, Charity, our duties one toward the other, and the principle of Celestial Marriage. Our brethren present gave us much valu. able Instruction concerning our duties and positions. They also made many strengthening and encouraging remarks which were highly appreciated by us. Our Statistical and Financial report is as tb Uartl5r ?ndmS April 10, Co-operatio- I; C. Smith, Sec'y. toe ciiildren,to wantg um t0 oomy, while you bait down on a R. F. C. Morrison, Pres't, Louisa Hasier, Sec'y. FOR HUSBANDS. Don't think when you have won a wife that you have won a slave also. Don't think that your wife has less feeling than your sweetheart. Her relation to you is simply changed, not her nature. Don't think that you can dispense with all the little civilities of life toward her on marrying. She appreciates those things quite as much as dther women Don't bo rude and gruff at home. Had you been that sort of a fellow bofore marriage, tho probabilities are that you would have been sewing on your" own buttons still. DonU make your wife think she is an Incumbrance on you by giving grudgingly. What she needs, give cheerfully, as if it were a pleasure to do so. Don't meddle with tho affairs of tho house under hor charge. You havo no more right to bo poking your nose into tho kitchen than she has 1o walk into your place of business and give directions to your employees. Don't find fault with her extravagance in ribbons, etc., until you have shut down on cigars, tobacco, whiskey, etc. Don't leave your wife at homo to nur33 . Ex. uj fur ' THE TRUE WIFE, Oftentimes I have seen a tall ship glide bv against the tide as if drawn by an invisible tow line with a hundred strong arms pulling Ut Her sam unfurled hm-mg, she had neither side wheel nor stern wheel;.still she moved on stately in serene triumph, as with her own lifo. But 1 knew that on the other side of the ship, hidden beneath the great bulk that swam somajes tically,thero was a little toilsome steam heart of fire and arms of that was tuggiDg it bravely on; and I iron, know that if the little steam tug untwined her arms and left the ship, it would wallow and roll a way and drift hither aud thither.and gooff vYivu me eiiiuenc uae, no man knows where and so I have known more than one genius higfc-dec- k, d, fullfreighted, gay penoned, but for the bare toiling arm and bravo warm beating heart of the faithful little wife that nestled close to him so that no wind nor wave could part them, ho would have gono down with the stream aud been heard of no moreOliver Wendell Holmes a tu-wi- tlra -- wide-saile- -- WOMAN'S INDUSTRIES STATE FAIR. AT THE Man's industries and the labor problem have in all times past engaged the minds of men, and men have formed themselves into societies and organizations for the purpose of concentrating their efforts and thereby creating a stimulus for mutual improvement and benefit. And many of the ablest men to-da- y of the country are leading these organization and are publicly discussing tho various topics of men's industries. Bui the industries of women are too frequently overlooked as a matter apparently of little or no she has thus far received but little encouragement in this direction from the public. This neglect of her work has called forth the organization known as the "Woman's Department" of our State agricultural fair, which was one of the main features of attraction at the fair of last year. Mrs. Mary E; Haggart, of this city, who was one of the principal movers In organizing this department, and who is now president of the association, has been induced to prepare an ad dress upon the subject of woman's ind ustries, which she Is ready to deliver at the coming county and State fair. Sho is fully indorsed by the State Agricultural and Horticultural Socio ties' andvv also take pleasure in adthat sho is a ding lady of fine scholarly attainments, and is an earnest worker in all reform movements,eminently practial in her and In her lectures always handles thoviews, subchosen ject with marked ability,and as an orator she has few superiors. Her services can bo.engaged for a very moderate consideration. Indiana Furmer, Juno 25th. conse-uence,a- nd -- In Boston tho woman suffrage advocates are holding parlor meetings" or "conversations," which they invite their friends who are opposed to the measure, and this means many converts are made whobycould not bo reached otherwise. 