254 - wom an's: ex po s United Bfa tea had a right lo prohibit the exorcise of the sufifrageby a woman In Net? York, although New York itself did notinter?ereiA3 In case ofthe virtual prohibition by the United States of jury rights to thoiwoinen of Wyoming; In case 0 the presumptuous suggestion of the Governor o( Utah. that its women should be disfran-chlieas In case of such bills so often introduced in Congress. And Senator Blaine with his eye on the df Presidencywith his primal admission that' the right of suflrago belongs to all 'citizens of. the United States, devoting his recent great speech entirely to the denial of: black men's rights of citizenship, his talk about the black men being: the of Increasing the pj. liticaf sirength of a party inimical to him; his" wlih that the basl-- of representation should be lessened iu those states whore theTdatk man U deprived of his riht to vote, exhibits an inconsistency that all thinking women nbtic. Iu thid speech he said.nota word about lessening the basid of representation on accounUrf woman's being deprived of her right to vote. The country wis wild over Mr. Bldine's -- j was agog to hear speech? All jWashitigton ' iU The gallery and floor of the Senate Chamber wert filled; the diplomats were present; Democrats and Republicans were alike disturbed by it; hut really it was a very small matter i n comparison to thw Woman to. Women. jQpqti'iinl djhjetf'the . right of representa-tlopnu- t fihe.il actually cob tjted in the basis of regSenttipnandrthns to use the wards ; ojgrv Btaine. Is the 'unwitting instru-- . inent'i of electing men to make laws against herZ She ia'dQi&ty powerless, because not only has her QWn"$ctual representation been taken jfrom her but a forced representation counted in the basofrepresentatrbn and ttikf '5oy our comDinea- moao 01 me. An infant is cared for by the mother in her ottt t room during tlie nursing period, andfbrsomo v Tho nu rsing-pe- ric time longer. ranes't frnin fifteen or to a in&hths,' accordyear eight months We do not think it ' ing as the;scason' permits. -- r advisable to nurse longer than a year. Whena child begins to drink we sometimes begin giving it oatmeal boiled two hours and strained through a fine cloth or pearl barley, with the cow's milk, which is generally from a selected " cow. Whether it takes these preparations or not, we get it as soon as we can on a diet containing more or less coarse unbolted wheat flour, and as soon as possible we' come down-tthree meals a with meals.' We give our between nothing day, children ripe fruit freely after they havs learned w eat sona iooa.ana avoid tne naDiiaai use . 01 the bland, starchy food arrowroot, kc, as ; much as possible They eat no meat until fire ' br six is maae 'm - - s TrowjMt: ex-preuj- erl otbikol''ibiile.A oi:the 'ndtion, and I tenditp bo recognized as clti-zen- aaf exercise lepn'seevired Inofthecitizens of ofallino'pp thp 'natlo'n. If this fcccuri ty has not come underlUiQ litK Amendment, it must come underro .woman Intends to possess ' 'fev'peopplxiglitd and equal pol i tical pHYgc..lYlt6,'''air;.bther citizens." She aslcsjfbr iUiing qatslde the power of the titedjBtaleiio secure, sho asks for of the United States noth-Ing.btitsideUQ- -- JPbllUclajQS.'xriay as well look Cassimores $LOO to $1.25 per Yard. ' lk : ' r: ; yearsold. At about fifteen months old- the mothers put their children into a nursery during the day, retaining them nights for some time longer. ' In this nursery they are carcd:for by 'experienced nurses; and at about four years they ' enter the children's department. The rooms the children occupy have a south exposure, plenty of light,' no trees within one hundred feet.- - Our is as good as we can devise and the in any form Is vigilantly' guardentry of sewer-gaed against. Slop closets are diserifected:- - every morning after usiug, and locked the remainder of ' - Palace - . iM.' O- and Detail Dealing-- . lA'alLklnda of Wbolesai . I. DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, GIZOCEBIM, HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS ANb QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL 1MPLEMNETS, mm ;v ... mind without has at least this use, that it corrupting it rescues the day from idleness,and he that is never idle will not often b vicious. - Zv -i--- Whatever busies ; the cTi. dye Desires tbe ladies of Salt Lake and those visiting' Conference lo call at ber showrooms and see ber new stock of MILLINERY The, Jateft'andfjnot gtylisn modenof Hau ana Oonneta ni5trawf veil, ano veitet. airi a nice f election In Flotrere, feMtbersiiJPiOshefc Yelret anditib-bon- j la tbe 'iatet bades and striprs Country dealers, Ladles' Hair work; Jn all Its branche?. Good please, call : work ruarahteed house-drainage tfcenday7tftm TrTa Word we aini'to "give them ptuieaiplenty of life in the open air, pure food of a plain quality with very little fine fl6ur, with little or- - ho medi.... cine, East Temple Street,' o. 17 Fashion, 9 r.lRSi . s JOHClfmER, Agent, Old Constitution Building. o ABRtviiG daily, HO T L IV TUX L ATX BI K X &c. U8 Ladiea' Bowsin Silk and; Lace, , Ties a large variety.;. Collars, Cuff and Ribbons, an excellent variety. New Style. Dress Goods. And In fact every thing you want in general merchandise. Conference visitors, call at HAVE VOtT SEEN THE NEW VIC Ti lJ ail ' ' , . ; -- f - 4 ard examine the- Neww IPtiotytuebnuIddoMKt 'Dce.Cobfttractioa The- Machine Is elegant in appeae&nor am) jvlmtrabMrn opera-lio- n, confu-s- i rur vrtj ali7 and vr iJboqt Dy ; Tt'.elf-tettlnrau- noiied rery blb .n.aitnouiriuhe fate of epe-- is tlMbreadtnjr bu lie and aUnca oWPHpd abd c ws recderai bvtb simple and dflfrb!e:'BeBTTeto tee it, for lta gencml adrautarw WlU make you iUfiJent. d d Victor Sewing Machine Co., Chicago, lit. II. RIGQS O. '. ; ':i"r - Has opened ber Medical CJaw at ber n tldence In tbe IStb Ward, two blocks and a balf east ef tb Ppat OfSce, nrmthMo of tbe street, nearly opposite the Presbytexlaa Chur.h. . , . r J" dkeasea of Special attention f I?en to Obstetric?, and ' ' . women. , mm m remortd, wlta his entire New Stock of mm rANUT aa m mmj''' STAELb DifT CUUUd, mm'm"" mm mm M Opposite the Salt Lake House, and will sell as Cheap or Cheaper than ever. K3JDEMIli:it ALL. mm STORE. Ladles are requested to call and examine tbe most complete assortment of Curls, Braids, Switches Etc as xuxrucea rncea." : AH kinds of Hal? Work made cp In the meet Artistl? style. 1&sa paid for Human Hair and Comtrtnfs. Salt Lake City. , ; , W KimbalJ Block. BOWuJIIA;Bi PRATT, this fact OM OFfTOTH.l.lll Besldence six blocks east - tho'.wIadoihj Of ,"" SHWABTZ IP. Has FRENCH EtUS K SHIPP, EIRS. . mr. 4eof, r H'OTICE TO ALL I fflCilfl uty become wise: after llieworld, for In Just bo far and.forgiet the women of the asey'Ignoro In couipjtryj' just so far will they themselves be ignored and; forgotten. sauaxelyrnf Suceewr to Mitchell A Jeaoc .",'' Tinner, Gas, Waft'iieivHJter RUEISETS CELEBRATED UFT MD FORK P1IBPS. D-Orders The Method 6fKearrag ChiUnm. Tho Sani-tari- axi ptitylaUs a! Utter from Dr. Noyes, who Is ia mcdlcal charge iij the Oneida community, describing their method of rearing children in hich they' have been successful. ly - VOu'r system of nursing young children, if it can bo called a system, is nothing more than the ordinary one,' Mith Bomo perlcction in detaO, which . ' J. J J -C- pieces of Drrw Goods, EmbroJderl, Buch-- vt Hundred pair Kid Gkre, TrimmlnrilXdle Cu and Collar, 100 Cartoooa txfmnona. '1 IT Wkuleaate MllHaery 5tock In tbe,Weu Wotionft, Latest Boots ana Bboes, UenU lUiaBojVClQttlDi ana iinmhlM Tl, ;. : -r------ ;,?,- wEOixasxi AJxi nrrA.Hi Dr-LLT- B nr FURNITURE F. AOERBACH; & BROTHER, 65 East Temple Striot. Saw .Lakb Citt. Five hundred Et.,Et, ,tit DISEASES of jthot EYE AND EAR 'J f v. NEVaPRUmrSTOC. Goodi. MClal rtndv hsm hAen Women, and Constitution BuiVof Cfflce, south ; sidt of pf rtTen ta Ohstetrlca. diseases Of . BeiMtired W abort noUee. r from the coantry prompt reappnped to.tEa ramp HYGIENIC NOTE. He 'says: '.; . -- ; pre-eminent- Snell'8 Boap, warranted First Class, 3 Bare fora Cents. Xiit'' a J3ars.er 20 Cents. Harris1 Boap, - 35 Cents each Washboards, (Zinc) Brooms.. a - . 35(jent8each JmM& SXOCIL O YABNSj JEANS, A he' has never Uvea. Thinly analogy1 ha ve ever; been aWotto findj filthei Old three-flfthrepresentation of slaves av system which allowed iiia'tew to useCslayea as a means of tighten-Itfgifie- ir " ,owo bwtt. 7V Blaine's form of tetmeellMf,. Blaine and all poll, tfcsfiSfifc tbaO something of the . l - . to, secure.. POSSID10 '' :r b9eow0d')Q,yetrei her 1 own repfesenta. knb winey t:? 7r SPIUKG BEDS, WIRE MATTRESSES Feathors Wall Paper baby carriages. 75, 77 & 79 First Sonth St, Salt Lako iOity AND 