II II AY iLJ 1 "A Word fitly Spoken is like SALT LAKE Vofc. 8. "God watch between me and thee wfcen we are absent one from another." (Genesis xxx), - I hadlriend; to whom If aid farewell! j And then the tray, seemed lona and dark for me; The unknown future none save God could tell; . To mei twas all one'rreat, fraud mystery. soul was weak, the way was long, Mrwy My tears fell fast until my light grew dim I only knew that God was wise jand strong, And pray'd that I might ever trust in Hint. I knew that life was full of grief and pain; And I had lost my trusted, one my guide; I felt that we, no more, should meet again, Until we landed "on the other side.'-- . A little While my nature needs must grieve, Or to my woman's heart be most untrue, And then, God helping me, I would believe That He knew best, what each of us should do. 5 And then I said, Til build an altar here, And "Mltpah. write, e'en as 'twere made of stone, 4 - AFTER' LONG YEABS. LETTER IX. I wandered through the balls of memory, And as my footsteps trod the solemn way I searched each ere vies for its treasury, Wherein were hid the gems I'd laid away. . It s phases and many exigencies. With .those who have accumulated wealth, the thoughts often rest upon the ' ways and means emthrift and business ployed, enterprise ilhey.ihave practiced, and the competition .with , others struggling for the same purpose; but; wi tit. thfe class we are not specially In sympathy. it If their wealth is their all, their entire stock, then we can pity them, for although it may be and is a very good t thing to have plenty of this world's goods, yet.theso are not the best Measures we can iav: on- in arnrpw 0 ' Indeed of good deeds and no; the record ' happiness bestowed upon others will give us more .true pleasure than all else. It Is well tp call to mind occasionally pur own Jives, and examine our recordsf see whether they arq.what we desif e'to make them, and If wehayemadeeomejiilstakes, committed some crrbrsseelc to compensate for them - ; or al self-discipli- havo been that it required. So much the better, and so much more heroism does it evince. If under adverse circumstances one can attain to a sublimity of actionthere must be a corresponding degree of enjoyment, and this, heightened by a sense of the superiority over one's natural selfishness, will give an impetus to character Which will strengthen similar efforts In the the hearts future, and awaken emulationin ' r of others. ""t?: " -- Good deeds aro the bright spots In our lives to which after long years, when we are perhaps grown weary with many cares and perplexities, wo ean always lo6k I back and gaze upon with Complacency. They are the pictures which hang upon the walls of our inner dwelling.places, that gixQ tone to the sometimes dismal and dingy apartments, or compensate in 'part for the roughness of their finish. These are the treasures which never burden us, never press heavily upon our consciences. The angels take note of these for us, and wb need never fear results. Time can never obliterate them, for they are utterly imperishable, storms and rude blasts are powerless to deface them, no enemy, however bitter, can destroy them, they aro a living witness for those who have wrought them. We cannot have too many of these precious treasures, they are not cumbersome, in the long, dreary days, if such siiould be our lot, when sleepless nights and weary vigils com; the remembrance of these good deeds will cheer our hearts and us fresh vigor of spirit, for we shall give feel we have not lived in vain, but that our life has been a blessing to others, and that sown some good seed, which may spring up into everlasting life. Aunt Eil. : j- 0 No. 8. -- A NiKCEnd amanuensis of Thomas Car-lylthe author, was married on Thursday, Aug. 28, to her cousin, Alexander. Carlyle, of Brentfieldt Ontario. The .ceremony was at performed Dumfries, Scotland; her un. cle, the author, was present at tho weddino-Ex- . -- : ' e, ; . ' 1 1 A Cincinnati lady, Mrs; Mary Gano Burnett, writing of her school clays1 and of Lafayette's reception In the Western city, says: "Lwa one of th03 that walked in the Lafayette procession, and we wore sunbonnets instead of calashes; They green were all lined withpink crape ihIde,- which us a very rosy appearance. ' We1 alsogave had broad blue sashes; with "Lafayette" on tho tips, and the same on tho back of our gloves Ouriflippers had thelameec)atIon.,, v -- may ne thQ-industr- j Ji of the "Derby Daily Telegraph, an evening paper, and the first paper published in the town of Derby. Ex. somo amends If we look over our old accounts, can pay off some old scores that otherwise might stand against us. If there are any lessons to bor learned in this way,, self-deni- i UTAHi SEPTEMBER 15, 1879. - ' ; 1 is an extremely pleasant thing when we are resting to have some Interesting subject to reflect upon, and as people advance in years their thoughts are very apt to revert to. their pasLlife and-Itpeculiar J IN JLJXN , ture. I often hear the remark, "The past I have nothing to do with, tho future is mine;" but I always think we can perhaps make vere the II II of Gold, in Pictures of Silver." Applc3 any true balance that can bo made, we should be careful to make it; But when one can quietly sit down and recall the memory of good deeds, of generous acts, of noble examples, there must be true, happiness in it.- - No matter how se- -, - That God, may keep a watch, forever near, And bless the friendship, that we two have known. A pledge of constancy, then let it be, . That my fidelity and faith shall "prove, And Mizpah" sweetest word shall breathe to me, An earnest, of the truest human love. : In all the years long post, so bleak and drear, When sorrow prest most heavy on my heart; friends were cold, and trials hard to bear, ' Though Still to my soul this word Would strength impart. - Yes, MIClzpah was a talisman to me, That kept my feet from wand ring far astray, A0.4 gave me overT self , the ; victory, WhW darkness shrouded all the lonely way. Yet life has not been always dark, or sad. Good angels brought me ofttimes sweetest llowera And blessings wbic have made my spirit glad, - Have shed their tweetaesS 6n fife's pclous hours, Bat round the shrine which my devotion rear'd, And dedicated to, .affection true,'Cling tender hopes by promises endear'd t That soothe my spirit all life's Journey through. ,M JUL V by being more just, generous, charitable and tender of our fellow-belng- s in the fu- MIZPAH. .. CITY-- V Jtaly is preparing to extend the suffrage to every citizen above twetiiy-on- e years of aga who can.read and write.- -' 8gnor Sal Morelli, a member of the Italian Parliament, has proposed that 'Women who ful-nthe legal qualifications required of Rectors shall be admitted to the- suffrage, letitions in favor, aro receiving the signatures of a large number of women. Ex. va-to- re il - , in Congress do buafriAe . ... Mf n. on of Congress, after the Legislative Appropriation Bill,p.issing ;. the Senate adjourned to attend a horse-rac- e at Balti-morb e. Women were taxedtolpay for this ?W d you like lt worum? you who, l?A If you don't like it work forVU ow you are in the hands Ofrepresentation, your political masters and must submit to tbeir methods of spending ybur money." live? of the National Citizen andCorrespondent Ballot Box," Mrs. Sara Andrews Spencer, whom we know to and well sllm?bIe dy ed the state of society in theacquainthas a very Interesting letter in the Capital,r Septem-becumber of that journal, entitled Home-les- s Mothers and Nameless Children." which shows up briefly in iU true lu? light the She says: "AiteMho adjournment bf each ?ZliTT' ihya3t floating population city, I dread ' to hear my door-bering. Youug girls fromv the hospital, with homi11 hiGir,f m8' mined nci deseHed, jrientHess, helpless, come day after day asking utterly the same sad question, Is there any place ibr me anybody iake me with my babf?' Nb no no;; nobody wants either 0f Keo yoiir treasure, young mother. Th' lather will never appear to claim IV-3 ll NOTES AND NEWS. On Tuesday, Aug. 26, there was a large Suffrage meeting at Worcester, Mass. Very able speeches were made by Hon. George Miss Eastman and Col. T Hoar, ginson. - ' - ...... , - : w mp. r Miss Woedswobth, daughter of the Bi3hop of Lincoln'&nd rand-niec- e of the poet, is to be the principal of ' the! college Mrs. E. M. Pike Is said to bo the first women whOLever:startea daily paper In She Is England. pubUaher and proprietor I nf flye little babies In my care last week while TheLg s?rMnn tim WOr,k' 1 And 8tm nHrCeaTbese'Yefcthe women " tey come. uin and de-S- es sreat world only friendless 