WOM A IPS EX PON 16 ELDER ORSOX Pit ATT'S KEY TO THE UNIVERSE. tt ' -- who are doing pretty well. They have a lot partly planted with mulberry trees, and are trying to build a house in jwhichto iricom- meot," and also to raise pliance wfth our late Preisdents instruc"u , ., tions. Our Relief Society house is thirty-si- x by two is feet and the story; upper part forty a the for and lower part cocoonry, designed for working, and meetings of the society, also a "store-rooas we intend to carry out the counsel given to store up grain. The walls of our houso are up, and we expect to have it covered soon. You will please pardon mo while I digress from my subject to make honorable mention of Sister Stringhamy who came in the spring of 1878 and instructed us in seri. . 3 CrrXtMay iZ'SZiPi: assistance h respectfully solicited in 1 C, 1879. silk-wor- Your obtaining subscriptions to a new and original work of great scientific value, about to bo published by Elder Orson Pratt The following extract from n letter from him will explain sufficiently ita nature and ob- ject:, ; y London, England. Jan. 5, 1879. 'Tho pamphlet will probably be entitled, "Key to the Universe, or a New Theory of its.Mechanismtfounded, first, upon a constant orbital propulsion, arising from tho velocity of gravity, and its constant , abber-ration- s; a resisting ethevariable real medium of density, ' do not expect; that the Sain Is, who are not mathematicians, will be able to clearly understand this interesting subject, but they have children who will eventually attain to a knowledge of . the Universe far in advance of tho learned of this age, and who will appreciato the mathematical demonstrations accompanying, this work ; they will appreciate the humble, exertions of one of their own brethren in trying to account for certain phenomena which havejiitherto banted the skill of all former researches. "For pur children's sake, then, let the Saints patronize works of merit and great researchand incorporate this small tribute to science in their, famiyt libraries. Let It be as a token of remembrance for one who r and, second, upon has labored in their midst." It is desirable that a many subscriptions as possible be obtained by June 12, to pay the expenses of publication. Books will be forwarded to subscribers as Boon as they arrive. Price, in paper covers, $i 60; cloth i AH subscriptions, addressed to ms Rneli'e Soap, warranted First Class,'' ' t 3 Bars for 25 Cents. 3 Bars for 20 Cents. Harris' Soap, - 35 Cents each Washboards, (Zinc) 35 Cents each Brooms, : . A FUJLI. STOCK OF YARKS, JEANS, Cassimeres m, l, $2 00. NT. culture. Herlabors were indefatigable here, and especially; so In St. George; In. sttucting us In attending to our silk culture. May God bless and reward her is my prayer. Wo have a Y, L. M. I. A. doing pretty well, I think and believe It has been a blessing to our young people. Our Sabbath School numbers about under the superintendance of John Keller, it is doing well. I feel we are a blest people, yea especially blest of the Lord, or we could never have accumulated the necessaries and many ot the comforts of life that we enjoy, here in this barren and sterile country. The hand of the Lord has been over us f for good all the day long, for which I am grateful, Historian Office, Salt Lake City. CORRESPONDENCE. . Santa Ci.ara , Utah. meethave just returned from fast-d- ay ing, and agreeable to your request try to tell you a little about this remote place called Santa Clara. It is the most southern settlement in Utah Territory. It contains 1 about thirty-fiv- o families, mostly from Switzerland. They are a. very industrious, people, and I think ,with a few exceptions are striving to bo Latter-da- y Saints; these few seem to have forgotten, or rather left their first love lor the Gospel, which prompted them to loavo their native land and cross the mighty ocean," and thoMerile plains io, find a home with tho people of God, where they might bo Instructed in tho way a of the Lord, and prepare' for the great day of his coming'. Oar near proximity to mining camps seems toliavo affected a few. fi Yet there is a goodly number living eir religion and aiming' to parry out the counsels of the servants of God, who are appointed to lead us. Wo aro about five miles irom the St. George temple which gives us an excellent opportunity of working for those behind tho vail. This is a great blessing, I appreciate it: more than any earthly treasure. Otir Bishop is a good man and so are his We have a Relief Society counselors. hard-workin- g per Yard. 33tc. Palace of Fashion$6l 17 East Temple Street. rRSi ci-- , PTE Desires the ladles Salt Lake and those of viaitincr Con- ference to call at her Bborwr rooms and see her new stock of MILLlNKiir The latest and most stylish mode of Hats and Bonnets in Straw, Fel and Velvet. Also a nice Selection In Flowers, Feathers, flushes Velvet and In the latest shades and stripes- Country dealers, T ttib-bo- nrittta talttcn null work guaranteed. f (lis tirrkV In C.and ve nil if a hrannhAa JUL. ns nt - X. Wholesale Retail DeaVinj? In all kinds of . DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, VY AND SHELF MARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL 1MPLEMNETS, &e. : ABRIVING DAILY, 12 IUS LATEST KOTBLXIE8 Ladies' Bows in Bilk and Lace. Ties a large variety. ColJars, Cuffs and Ribbons, an excellent variety. New Btyle. Dress Goods. And in fact everythingou want in general merchandise. Conference visitors, call at ' , . HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEW nil mcifi ran cot you should do so at once, acd examine the New IF Idea in Sewing Machine Construction. The New Machine is elerant In appearance and admirable in operation, runs very easily and without any noise avd confusion, althout h the rate of speed la xery hlf h. Its NOTICE TO ALL! P. Lake city. PHYSICIAN AND HTJUaEOlV, Has opened her Medical Class at her residence In the 13th Ward, two blocks an! a half east of the Post Office south side of the street, nearly opposite the Presbyterian .... . Ladles are requested to call and examine the mast complete assortment of Curls, Braids, Switches,5 Etc. K educed Prices. . at ' All kinds of Hair Work made up in the meet Artiatle style. Cash paid for Iluman Hair and Combines. JOSEPHINE GREGORY, Salt Lake City. 7 Kimball Block. ; . Special attention gireo to Obstetrlcti and diaeasos of women. , JAMES. 133 (Bueceubtto Jfiidhcll A Jawes,) '': ."'.,.';.." Iaqxst for . RUnSETS CELEBRATED, XlFT WD FORCE PUKPS. - HOlIlifim PnTTfllCIAIJ ' lJ PRATT- - cunaEou, OFFICE Up gtlart,' In Old Constitution Bulld'nr, Rcsldenca six blocks east of Pot Offlce, semth side of street. . . special rtudr has - been fliren to Obstetrics, diseases of ' women, and ' i' Tinner, GiisVwito 1 STAPL E DRY CO QDS, FRENCH HAIR STORK MRS. ELLIS R. SHIPP, Church, 6c Opposite the Salt Lake'House, and will sell as Cheap or Cheaper than everv and eelf threading thuttlo, and absence of and cogs readers it both simple and durable. Bo springs sore to eee it, for Its general advantages will make you its friend. Victor Sewing Machine Co., Chicago, III. O. J I. BIGQS Agent, Halt SHWART Has removed, with his entire Now Stock of F AN C Y seir-cettl- nr -- Editor Exponent: $1.25 JOHN C. CUTLER, Agent, Old Constitution, Building. I May peaco, wisdom and prosperity continue to be and abide with you, and may the Exponent continue to bo an instrument in the hands of God of disseminating light and truth is the prayer of your sister in the cause of truth and right. With respect, LYDIA F. MC CLELIiAN. enquiries, etc , may bo Marian It, Pratt, , to . 1 sev-entyfi- $LOO PumP Repaired on abort notice, jsOrden from the country promptly responded lo.-AMeu. David wi DISEASES of tho EYE AND EAR. k iDi3srw"oox)Eiir-FURNITUR- E James, Box. SOS, Salt Lake City. NE7 SPR1jC STOCK. F. AUERBACH & BROTHER, 65 EJLSt Temple Street, Salt. Lake City. of Drees Goods, Embroideries, Ruch- TZi ftS1 S? Hm!?? n Kld Glares, TrtmmlngW Ladies' 100 and liibbonT Collar, Cartooniof Largest Wholesale Millinery Stock In the West. Notions. BrPvING;PEDS,LWIliE MATTRESSES,.: B'e a tliers Wall jp ape r BABY GAB RI A OS 8. 75, 77 679 First South St., Salt Lake ICity 