Well, here It is the very last day of the second summer month! So Tittle done, so much left undone that was laid out . to bo accomplished before the close of this period of time. Hera X have been, until weeks counted months of precious time gone, in this great; stirring, busy, fast city, seeing, for I scarcely f hearing, watching, waiting know what; and always and over intending to do myriads of good things, finish numerous pieces of though and send them out through the enchanted realms of the press, to help defend thpright, expose the cheer somebody's solidary hour, .. wrong, , make somebody happier, kindle a smile upon some sad face, or a hope in some despairing heart. Indeed, we meant to do a .vast amount of work, while one dutv pnn- ; i . : 'stantlv lanned Other and one important, or unimportant " event followed another in such quick succession that before we were aware, the door of the very last day pf the month had swung nacK upon its invisible hinges, and the ures "31" stared us in the face, nay, almost overwhelming us with the astounding fact of much unfinished work upon our bauds, grain : of sand Is a little thing, that wuuiu scarcely do noticed in a cup of water, yet the hard beach, on which the mighty ocean beats with fury, and over and against iu -- iiiuusier waves are stayed, is umado up of these small grains of sand. A . drop.pf water is a littlo thing, yet the vast -- :tnent is a small fraction, or atom, of time, moments make up the threescore years and tea allnttpri tn V14V.-paratively.fow reach that period, they drop vay along .from a second of time , I tho. threescore and ten, some there is, an extension ' i .this poi;tfou of years allotted; but beyond when ine iascaay comes It Is useless to plead or ti petition' for .,further v, Mllilll" business. isheaf ' From the first day of mortal pilgrimage, ' the angel of ' time tallows with warning whisper, "Prepare!" Yet all tho bright morning of youth we loiter, over some glittering toy, or saunter,linger by the way, chasing gay butterflies,playing ere we are aware, thehot rays of the until, noontide sun are upon us, and whether we would or no, we are forced to take up the burden of life and move on. Sometimes, alas! we move in a careless, listless manner, never heeding the warning voice, "Prepare, pre--' pare!" but when the last moment comes, .i.iiw is up; ii stops short, like "Grandfather's Clock," "never to go again. Time ends, eternity begins. Well, what; are those who have only a remnant ot this precious material going to do? SH still .with folded hands when thore ?w ujujr .wxunga iq do rignteu;so to be, clothed and fed, so. many souls many' to be :yon from tho .paths of darkness, so many .captives to be released from the "prison of eyii habits, lifted out and up into the .At liberty and ti'uth? No, no! thVlight will never do!' wo must' not'bo idle. But there yej; AjM . tofn-tQjft&:agb- t' , . t . s , ?eT!- 'itivQneccEsity ntl better for some new machinery than has ever yet peen Invented, (wonderful age though It be) by which we may manufacture garments from the ahreds of our to leave immortality, uibehind us when we have joined that caravan" and taken our places in wtrra OI ine aead. " "itTrue, the t, of tho clouds Is sent around lightning uro vroiit and under old oncas bod fa tto "innu-merabl- o. - some and responsible duties, which the 'bidding of mankind, but for ordinary life, work this is not available, and it is no use Sixteenth amendment will thrust upon for and the faithful hands waiting wishing, thorny- tfcejrwi Irtot shrink fromTthTIr part on the .dial of time are warning us to conin securing and enforcing laws that shall tinue the conflict, if we would conquer in tend to promote the greatest happiness to the "great coming battle," So we will take -me greatest possible number or the people. as are such instruments within our reach, up This proposed amendment is the hope of and If we cannot handle the sword we will thousands and tens of thousands, not of a few smooth that gather pebbles women only, but of true, perchance at a least may slay some giant dwarf (or men; and it la bound to come, -giant) that stands In the way of human and for it we will work and pray, and let progress and reform. If we cannot conall who desire peace and good order Bay centrate all the pulsations of our hearts that "Amen!" are now made in the space of twenty-fou- r We might enlarge further upon this t, hours into one mighty throb-beat- , which having attended several great political scientists declare is of sufficient force to rallies and taken notes of observation; our throw a ton of iron a hundred and "twenty aspirations are Increasingly decided for the feet into the air, we can, by determined, decent in politics. Time and space warn rein achieves labor, persistent me to leave the matter for the present We fragments, sults which in the aggregate will have great have so many things to sayt so much to de. weight and magnitude. scribe, that we almost fear to commence up. And now, even if it is the last day of on anything; for we are in the condition of the month, and the last part of it at that, the little girl, who, when enquired of why we will make an effort to grant your very she talked so much, replied, "Cause I have reasonable request, and in part, at least, fulsomething to say." Bo we have something fill our promise to your dear Exponent. to say. And first, if you please, we will We need not occupy much time or space in give a pen picture of a visit to "Cliff House' the describing and "Golden Gate." geography of this peculiar and wonderful place, for a portion of your , (To be continued.) readers, we are certain, are fully. aware of the fact that San Erancisco is a city built upon sand. Unwise though it may be, it Chester Sanpete Co., Aug. 3, 1879, is nevertheless true: sand-flat- s and sand Dear Editor; hills, and a great portion made-lanover As I was reading a letter from Nellie in the water. It is affirmed by knowing ones the far off golden state of California I could that all these sands contain gold. If so, not help but be struck with the comparison the owner of a sand-ban- k be the promay between her home , surrounded ith vice but this is rather prietor of a gold-banand iniquity and our little peacful vale surmixed and benefit doubtful. The sandrounded with joy and happiness. hills are usually steep and lofty, and from a The morning Is beaqtiful;' There is no distance appear almost as inaccessible as an sound of noisy vehicles and passing feet but eaglets nest among mountain crags the all around Is quiet. The little meado w lark princely dwellings that crown them, chirps out her sweet tune as a herald to the doubtless some of the dwellers partake of Sabbath morning. The robin and the redthe haughty, warlike spirit of this bird of breast harmoniously join their mat In song prey, for it is asserted, and ofttimes reiterwith hers making a most delightful chorus. ated, that they swoop down and gather up My six littlo ones cluster round me for the much spoil from the sons and daughters of morning kiss, ero their departure for the e toil, with as little remorse as this Sabbath school; And as I look at their bird exhibits in carrying away the one poor beaming faces and gladsome smiles I cannot little ewe lamb of the flock. To my mind, help but think I am indeed blest, and not however, such a commanding view of land all the riches in the world could entice mo and water, of a bay large enough to float away from my humble but happy home. tho navies of the world, navigated and Here aie taught principles of virtue and beautified a rare combination of island, truth; and the golden rule is the motto of mountain, plain, city and hamlet, would this little village There is no swearing, naturally tend to Inspire the heart to ways thieving, murdering,&c. going on here and and means of improving and benefiting I feel to thank, my heavenly Father for the their fellow.creatures .toiling below them, priviledge of being gathered with the faints and t that plunder would be as far from in this vale of peace and rest. Long may thoughts as light from Egyptian darkness; the sisters of the Latter day salnti live to or, to manufacture a modern figure, a9 far bless the, hour of the revealing of the gospel from them, as iho new political parties of to the 'prophet Josebh. Success tnvnnr m- this State $re from electing their nominated ' per, may It live' long to cheer and bless the candidates for Government or Cilv offl. sisters oraion irtne prayer of your si9fer. And by the way, California abounds in parL. A. Chester. ' ties; they seem to be made" to "order, and j We assure you the assortment Is varied and 1 interesting calculated to suit the tastes of PARTY. all classes and conditions. All a man has to do (the women do not have th3 precious A Party of the jNephi; R. S. privilege a? yet) is to decide as to the party convened in the SociaHall on the 23d of with which he will vote at the coming elecJune, the Eleventh. Anniversary Slof the tion. - 'Indeed, to say the least, this is a rare Society,; Committee: Mrs. R. Udall, Mrs. season: for political parties in the. Golden E. Miller, Mrs. G. Knight, Mri Jones, State. , They spring up like mushrooms, A. Andrews, Mrs. M. Miller, Mrs. drs. and among the g H. Knight and Miss Harley. President portion of the people, both men and women, these suTeasdale and Counselors, Bishop Andrews, perfluous parties are considered of no pracBishop 'Sperry, and their Cohnselors, and tical use. There is a strong sentiment too Patriarch J. G. Bigler were present At among the women, that all this froth 32:30 two hundred people sat down to dinwill be scattered by the light of the "better ner. After dinner Chairman R. XJdall called day coming." Then "the lord of creation" the meeting to order, when a beautiful Will not have things all his own way. They quet of wax "flowers, encased in an elegant see and feel tho danger of this strifo, 'and globe, was presented to President Amelia although thry do not desire to assume- irk GoTdsWctofch by tW offifcfert bY tfo Ebbfety -- far-seein- noble-hearte- d. g sub-jec- . d k; self-sam- -- ' . ' ' . . . i ! RE-UNIO- N; Re-unio- n a clear-thinkin- fc - ! . . 