WOMAN'S EXPONENT. gerous to her, and secure the freedom that belongs to her by day and by night." s Resolved, That the National Woman Suffrage Association urge the women citizens of the United States to sendjpetitlons tution; yet forgets to mention twenty million women citizens robbed of their social, civil and political rights; Therefore Besoived That a committee of three be appointed from this Convention to wait upon the President and remind him of the Ameriof the existence of one-hacan people whom he has accidentally overlooked, and af whom it would be wise for him to make some mention iu his future i not merely in names 40,000 strong, but by the hundreds of thousands; to the Forty. Sixth Congress, asking for a constitutional amendment prohibiting the several states from disfranchising United States citizens on account of sex. And further Resolved, That we urge each woman who signs a Sixteenth Amendment petition to send an individual petition to the Forty-Sixt- h Congress, asking for the removal of her political disabilities, that the coming Congress may be educated to a just recognition of the rights and demands ' of women citizens. Resolved, That we urge the women citizens of the several states to go before their own state legislatures during the present winter with petitions and arguments for the passage of a resolution urging Congress to submit to the states the pending Sixteenth Amendment to protect women citizens in the right to vote. lf messages. Whereas all of the vital principles invol ved in the thirteenth, fourteenth and constitutionalamendments have been denied in their application to women by courts, legislatures and political parties; Therefore Resolved, That it is eminently logical that these amendments should utterly fail to protect even the male African, for whom said courts, legislatures and parties declare they were expressly designed and flf-teent- h " enacted; And further Resolved, That thus ever above all the schemes of politicians will the inexorable law of justice bind humanity together and vindicate the equil rights of all. Resolved, That the Senate Judiciary Committee, in its report on the bill to allow women to practice law in the courts of the United States, in which they declare that "further legislation is not necessary." evad ed the plain question at issue before them in a manner unworthy of Judges learned in short-sighte- d the honorable profession of the law, and thereby sanctioned an injustice to the women of the whole country. Resolved, That the judges of the Supreme Court of the United States, in denying admission to its bar of Belva A. Lockwood, who was entitled under the law and under its rules to ad mission-thereat- , violated their oath of office. Resolved, That the policy of this government in appointing agents to educate and civilize the Indians, to obtain calico dresses for squaws and aprons ; for papooses, and a comfortable salary for their own pockets out of money justly due the Indian tribes, is Jn harmony with man's treatment of woman in appropriating her property, talents, time and labors, and using the proceeds as he pleases in the name of protection. declaraResolved, That the tion by women, "I have all the rights I want," Is due to the same feeling of intimi. dation and subserviency to those who feed, clothe and shelter them (out of their own unpaid earnings) which prevents the colored men in the South from expressing an opin- Ion or casting a vote; contrary to the wishes of their former masters, unless the army of the United Urates is at hand to protect them from the consequences. Whereas the general government has refused to exercise federal power to protect women in their Citizen's right to vote In the VariouaStates and territories, It should for. bear to exercise federal power to disfranchise the women of Utah, who have had a more just and liberal spirit shown them by Mormon men than Gentile women in the States have yet perceived In their rulers. Whereas the proposed legislation for the Chinese women on the"Paciflc slope and for outcast women in our. cities, and the opinion of the press that no respectable woman should be seen In the streets alter dark, are all based upon the assumption that woman's freedom must. be forever sacrificed to man's license; " Therefore Resolved, That the ballot in woman's hand is the only power by which she can restrain the liberty of those men who make our streets ,and highways dan Ferry. "If there is no objection,-1- , asfc tnat the petition be read at length. t. The The Chair heari no Mr. -- Vice-Presiden- objection, and It will be reported by the . secretary. The petition Vas read, and referred to tne uommitteeon Privileges and Elections, as ioiiows: To the Senate and Hquso of Representa. tives of the United States in Congress oft-repe- ated assembled: Whereas more than forty thousand n men and women, citizens of thirty, five States and five Territories, have petitioned theForty-fiftCongress, asking for an amendment to the Federal Constitution prohibiting the several States from: disfranchising United States citizens on account '"" of sex; and Whereas a resolution providing for such constitutlonarsmendmen is upon the Calendar's enate resolution No. 12, second sessibttForty-fift- h Congress,)and a similar resolution is pending upon a tio vote in the Judiciary Committee of the House of well-know- h . i Constitution protecting the rights of women citizuns: and We further pray you to reliove the House Judiciary Committee from the fur. ther ennsideration of the sixteenlh amendment women suffrage resolution brought to a tie vote in that committee Febriiaary 5, 1878, that it may be submitted to the House of Representatives for Immediate ' v action. And your petitioners will ever pray. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, President. Matilda J oslyn Gage, Corresponding Secretary. Susan B. Anthony, Chairman Exec. utive Committee. ' ' Rep-reseritatlv- ' St" THE WICKED FOXES. ent tion. .. Forty-fift- h BILL THE TO DISFRANCHISE MEN OF UTAH. presented the peti. tion of Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Matilda Joslyn Gage, and Susan B. Anthony, officers of the National Woman's' Suffrage Association, praying for the passage of Sen. ate Joint resolution No. 12, providing for an amendment to the Constitution of tne United States protecting the rights of women citizens, and also that the House Judiciary Committee be relieved from the further consideration of a similar resolu Vice-Presid- that the Congress should express Its opinion and leave its record upon this grave question of human rights; There, fore, We pray your honorable body to take from the Calendar and pass Senate resolution No. 12, (secpod session Forty-fift- h Con. gress,) providing for an amendment to the ous ON THE PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. The 197 es; and r j Whereas the women citizens of tee United States" are joint heirs with' men of this of the tpeopl , Republic, constitute one-haana nave an inalienable right to an equal, voice with men in the nation's councils' and ,7, Whereas this Republic YsTgoverned" by opinions and no t by force of arms; and .Whereas women ; citizens, ' beln g - denied the right' to have their opinions' counted at the ballot-bo. are compelled to hold all othet rights subjects the favor, passions, and caprices of men and Whereas In answer to the appeals of so large a number of pcaceabTor law abiding, honorable petitioners It Is just and courte X FJLBLK BY LTLLIX DKVZKEUX BLAKE. There lived at the West certain Wicked Foxes who built large Traps In which they caught great numbers af Foolish Field Mice. Now ail the other. Foxes who had no Traps pretended a great horror at this, although every one of them would catch Field Mice whenever he could Secretly, and devour them without the least Compunction. So the Foxes who had no Traps assembled together to' see how they , cduld destroy the Traps of the Western Foxes, and oue'of tfhem ably said:" We must do Something to Somebody, because the whole nation of Foxes is disgraced by. these Traps." Then another one said: hhet us cut off Somebody's EarsI" and they all applauded the suggestion with admiration. But when they come to consider whose ears they should cut off, they were much puzzled until one old Fox, who had eaten a Vast Quantity of Mice in his Day, said, "Cut off the Ears of the'Field Mice." There was great rejoicing over this wise Proposal, and when one Fox feebly whispero-- i that as the Western Foxes were the real criminals, It would be more sensi-bl- e to Cut off their Ears, his Companions all looked at'hlm with scorn. Why" said Western Foxes "the are as they, Big" as we are." No; no! These Field Mice aro little and weak: they cannot hurt Us whatovor we do to them." So the Foxes solemnly? resoivea 10 cut oir tne jsars or the Field MIco.in order to destroy the Wicked Traps. , Moral. Always hit somo one SmaMpr than Yourself. " lf : x, Anna Dickinson, at tho mends, has consented to appear again on mo ictiuru piauorm, ana- give, In- - a series of lectures.", thffresnl t -- v. ouuiW), . - DlCKensnn . ' -- I flnid tn h vwuocmeu iu iuia arrangement with Reluctances fearing it might be su noosed that nhn: tA her Intention' to follow it.h . :tt- lectures will be delivered 'in only the lanr- wioS, wKumng ia xxew iorir.-anher oucw iur mo eenes, iwnich will Include four- - lectures,- - will bo VXoah of Arc " "Henry iv;,? "Voltaire and "Danfonl" fihe will be under the management1 of the American Literary Bnread.Ex4. i' ! 0 ' d - 