WOMAN'S EXP ONE NT. 232 II. 8. REPORTS. Herek City. Wasatch Co., TVh 10 Dear Sister Wells: v. 170 -- 4 We rejoice that you With Sister Williams have been back East as our Delegate to plead our cause, knowing the intense interest you feel in the great work we are en- gaged in. We take pleasure In representing the Belief Society of HeberCi ty. Our President meets with us once a month, giving us instructions and showing us our 3u ties as members. She has had a bin for storing wheat put in tho Belief Society Hall. The teachers visit, once a month, and there, are a number of sisters who attend meetings faithfully and aro very energetic; more have recently come forward to have their names enrolled, and a good spirit prevails in our meuuuge. Relief Society Quarterly Beport from Nov. 2, 1878, to Feb. 1, 1879. .....23 Teachers.. 30 Members. ...v..........?........ $8 28 Donations received..... 3 25 Disbursed to the needy Yours very respoctfully, Margaret Muir, President, Ellen Lee, Secre tary. Cihathr, Sanpete Co., Feb, Editor Exponent: 7, 1879. Tho sIstGTS of Chester Ward weio organized into a Relief Society by our Bishop and counselors. We held our first meeting Jan. 29, 1878; number of names enrolled thlrtten. We feol very small, but we know that Ged sometimes takes small means to accomplish great things. I will not say that Chester Is a sinall place, on the contrary it is a very large ono with but few people in It. Wo are considerably scattered, our husbands being farmors, yet notwithstanding lh dlsarivantnp'fis under which we are laboring at present, wa are striving to assist in tho great work of tho latter days. Wo are taking tho Exponent in tho Society, and as we have not yet become eloquent speakers ourselves, wo give much of the time In our meetings to hearing valuable lessons from its pages. We send you tho report of our first year,. ending Jan. 29t 1370. Total amount of cash and sundries raued . $22 28 by donations Disbursements in cash: 3 00 Mantl Temple... Exponent...... 2 00 Stationery Emigration Fund 1 92 'in 7 17 Total 15 11 Balanea cash, etc., on hand Wkeat stored, 241 bu. Your sisters &c S. E. Cowles, Prca't, E.E. Allred, Sec'y. Editor. Exponent: Report ot Beaver Relief Society from Aug. 31, 1878, to Feb. 28, 1879: Amount in Treasury Aug 31, $105 30 Receipts to Feb. 28, Total Amount disbursed during In Treasury,?. 214 28 C . 319 52 mouths 28G 87 32 05 Wheat stored, 193 J bu. Members enrolled, 11G. The Society Is Jn a thriving condition; ratotligs aro well attended, atad a lively interest is manifested in all that pertains to wurK. ine great laiier-ua- y With an earnest desire for tho success of the Exponent5 and the welfaro of Zion, we remain your sisters in the covenant, Buth W. Tyler, President, Eliza W. Hawkins, ) Counselors. Ann Levie, j Mary E. Ashwortii, Secretary. Paris, Bear Lake Co., April Editor Exponent: 1, 1879. Beport of Y. L. M, I. A. of Paris, 1st Ward. Our Association, formerly comprising: mosof the young ladles of the place, has been and two associations formed, one in each ward. Tho Association of- the 1st Ward has been now about four months. We aro progressing finely; have started a little paper, called "The Young Ladies Advocate," Miss Cad. die Bich, editor, Mrs. Ella Bicb, assistant editor,0 and Mrs. Mary A. Home, local reporter. It is written monthly, and the girls contribute freely. We also have a Temple fund started, donating five cents, or more. We have made a quilt worth six dollars, and intend to give the means to the Temple. We hold conjoint meetings once a month, in which a lively interest is taken. Our President, Mrs. Alice M. Bich, with her counselors, Miss Caddie Bich and Mrs. Mary A, Home, are enterprising and alive to their duties, and all seem to realize what a great work they are engaged in, and how diligently they can perform their part. Our spring hero is earlier than usual : the weather is pleasant, and the farmers are very busy putting in their crops, looking forward to another bountiful harvest. Trusting that we as ah Association will over be found in the path of duty, and that our Heavenly Father will continually bSess us and the remainder of our sisters with a is tho prayer of spirit of your sister in tho Gospel, Ella A. Bicir, Secretary. od - self-improvemo- Paris, Bear Lake, March Editor Exponent: 28, 1879. Tho First Ward of Paris Relief Society was organized Feb. 19, 1878, when the fott lowing officers were elected:. Maria Bich, President. Elizabeth Collins, ) Eliza Bich, j Counselors, Alice M. Bich, Secretary. Caddie Bich, Assistant Secretary. Nora Spencer, Treasurer. There are fifty-tw- o officers and members enrolled. Wo hold our meetings tho first Thursday in each month; average attend. ance, twenty-five- . annual report. Amount of property Donated.. For Logan Temple Work done by members., Cash on hand Dividend received on Disbursements: To Logan Temple Co-o- p $80 GO 37 34 3G 62 18 50 8 00 stock..... 2 00 47 34 9 55 Linen, calico, etc.. Woman's Exponent i oo Amount on hand ...125 07 on Wheat hand, 79 bu. , We are pleased to state that we have had a very pleasant winter, there bein scarcely any sickness, and we have hone among us but who are able to support themselves, as you wilt lee by the above report. Every member of. the Society seems ready and willing to do all the work they can in this great work in which we aro engaged. Also wish to state that Mrs. A. M. Rich having resigned her office as Secretary some time ago, Caddie Bich was elected in her stead, and Miss Phebe Bich assistant. The Exponent is ever a welcome gue3t in our midstj and we fully realizes the benefits derived from the perusal of its page3. Very respectfully, Maria Bich, President. Caddie Bich, Secretary. East Mill Creek, April Editor Exponent: The Y. L. M. 11, 1879. I. A. of East Mill Creek Ward was organized March 30, 1879, by President Mary A. Freeze and her counselor, Sister Clara Young Conrad, The officers elected were: f Sarah A. Skidmore, President. Eudora V. Ranck. Counselors. Barbara M. Moses, Harriet S. Stillman, Secretary. Delia B. Neff, Assistant Secretary. E. NerT, Superintendent. names enrolled in There are forty-jo- ur this Association. Meetings aro held ouco in two weeks on Sunday evening, at seven o'clock, with a general attendance. Respectfully, Harriet S. Stillman. For the Exposes?. THE BEAUTIES OF NATUBtf. Wo look around us, and on every hand we behold the beauties of Nature. How exceedingly refreshing everything looks. The trees, flowers, shrubs and plants, each arrayed in its own peculiar coloring, make up a variety pleasing to the eye. How wonderful! each specie of plant is distinct, ever producing the same kind. The fruit that grpws, how beautiful to tho eye and pleasing and delicious to the taste. The perfume of the lovely flowers enhance their charms, and with tho singing of the birds tells us that 'Spring is here,'7 the happiest time of all the year; perhaps this is partly owing to the contrast with tho leafless months that we have just passed through. When spring comes arrayed ia beauty we love her cheering inflaence; not only human beings, but every living creature rejoices in the warmth of the sun's bright rays. Man cannot make anything to compare with the handiwork of Nature, for the One who created the world created man, and our knowledge is still finite, and 'It is He, our Father in Heaven, wo should ever thank for every good thing we enjoy for tho beauties of Nature, and for sight to see the loveliness thereof, and hearing, to hea the music of Nature's voices. Evadne. St, George. Bayard Taylor's body lay at Cedarcroft, Pa. until 11 o'clock, Saturday morning, and was then followed to Longwood cemetery by great numbers of prominent persons from all parts of the country. The attending the interment were imcere-moni- pressive and imposing. es 