WO MA N'S ADDRESS TO BISHOP HUNTER ON HIS 86 th BIRTHDAY. Servant of Godl tbe return of tbia day Inspires my beart to compos a briof lay. May the spirit of God sbed Its sabred fire Tbrouf h eveir choj-- I may strike on my lyrel That tbe son? to thy heart maybe gleeful and good And brine to thy eplrlt a comforting mood; For I, and my skiers unitedly pray That the smile of our God may surround you this Iaj; That within this kind circle your heart may rejofcet For blessings are for you from every voice. Long years have you spent in tbe kingdom of God, " And with others you too, have passed "under the rod," But your robe is a'ljspotless, your hands they are clean, You have meekly moved on thro each varying scene; The smile of your God has been on you each day i And his hand has led you along the rough way; And may you possess all we crave for thee, Then prosperous, and happy, and blest you will be; And the Star of your destiny never will set Till a full braze of glory thy vision has met! Then thy name thro the ranla of the blessed shall ring-And crown thy High Priesthood with title of ting King and Priest unto God! thou Ebalt ever remain, And govern the kingdom thy Priesthood shall gain; And all that you've loved on this earth shall be foucd, As spirits to minister blessings around; Standing close to thy thrcno they desire to be With all the dear lovod ones, that now surround thee. Need more to be told, or need more to be said Than we how summon down on thy venerable head? No! close up the scene, 2 can no longer gaze Oar God, to thy Name be all honor and praise. HANNAH T. EIXG. d LETTER FROM MRS. STANTON TO MRS GAGE. Chicago, May 15 th. Deak Fiuend: I reached the St. Louis Convention at the last moment, and was sorry to And that you and Olympia Brown had just gone. However I was in time to make a short speech, preside for two, hours, and witness one of the most touching incidents that ever occurred on our platform. The ladies of the convention, delegates from mauy different states, presented our dear friend, Susan B. Anthony two beautiful baskets of flowers, in the presence of the immense audienco which had gathered through all tho long sessions for three days. Mrs. May AV. Thompson of Indianapolis In presenting the flowers, referred in the most happy way, to Miss Anthony's unselfish and untiring devotion to all the unpopular reforms, through long years of pitiless persecution and ridicule, and thanked her in behalf of tho young womanhood of the nation, that, their path had been made smoother by her bravo life Our Susan was so overcome with the deiicate ments offered her, and the fragrant compliflowers at her feet, that for a moment she could find no words to to express her appreciation of the unexpected acknowledgement of wha all American women do, indeed, owe her; As she stood before that hushed audience her silence was more eloquent than words' for her emotion was shared by an effort she at last said: "Friends, T have no words to express my gratitude for this marked attention. I have so long been tho target for the criticism and ridicule of our cause, I am so unused to praise and that I stand before you surprised and disarmed. If any one had come on this platform and abused all womankind called mo hard names, ridiculed onr arguments or denied the justice of our should -- with readiness and confidence have rushed to tho defense; but my Quaker education unfits me,lo make any appropriate reply for thi3 offering,, of eloquent words and flowers, and I shall not : ail-Wit- h com-plime- do-mands- attempt it." i , , nt, ,T . Being advertised as the speaker of the EXP 0 N BNT, evening, she at onco began her address, and as that grand woman stood there and made an argument worthy a Senator of tho United States, I recalled the infinite patience with which, for upwards of thirty years, sne had labored for educational reand woman forms, temperance, sunrage, ridiculed by tho press, arrested, irieu ana fined for exercisimr an Amcri can citizen's right to vote j misrepresented and ignored by women themselves, whoso rights sho has struggled to secure, with an earnestness and faithfulness worthy the martyrs in tho early days of the Christian" unurcn, 1 said to myself, verily the world now as ever crucifies its saviors! r Ihanks - to tho untiring" industry" of Mrs. Minor and Miss uouzins the convention was in everyway a success, morally, financially, in crowded audiences, and in the lair, re spectful and complimentary , tono of - the; - press. Looking over the proceedings and resolutions, the thought struck mo that tho National Suffrage Association is the only or ganization tnat has steadily maintained the doctrine of Federal power, against stato rights. Tho great truths set forth in the lltli and and 15th amendments, of the United States supremacy, so clearly seen by us seem to be vague and dim to our leading statesmen and judges, if wo may judge by their speeches and decisions. Your superb fpsech on state rights, should bo published in tract form and scattered over this entire nation. How can wo ever have a homogeneous government solong as great universal principles are bounded by state lines. Iam homeward bound at last, after eight months of continual speaking, having filled one hundred and fifty engagements. Tho first of June will find me once more on tho blue hills of Jersey. Tho prairies aro beautiful in their fresh spring grass and flowers, but the valleys of tho Mohawk and Hudson are more to my taste. Perhaps it is well for "tho young man to go west," and grow up with the country, but for women on tho shady side of sixty, whose eyes have always dwelt on rocks, trees, mountains hills and rivers, the East must ever be more conAs ever your?, genial. anti-slaver- , " thought of by a, modest, properly-Incline- d giH.jV cultivated idioxjy was, held to be very sweet and interesting; but it was a hazardous thing for her.to lay herself liable to the charge of The scene is changed. Tho girl of y bo "strong-mindedness- ." looks " A Al- . ' ' 2 to-h- er that gathered up .and knit ' together in closer kinshiD that band of women that in the front ranks of arts aud stand to-da- y sciences and industries of our country;' It is preiiy .baie 10 conciuae inai mere never m x I At r. ! a mill vm uo Buuii 1 1 imao civilization 01 the world as wHls relegate woman back into the helpless dependency1 of the past. On the contrary, it is more arid more apparent that idleness Is not Joiner to be considered any more Interesting or respectable in a wo man than in a man.i V!A woman "without visible means of support," will bo looked upon : askance ' 80 the crlrla havo to keep their- wits . about them, or thev win do leit in me lurch. Yourh Is 'the best time for learning, and ; moreover, sho who waits for middle-lif- e before taking nn it . sponsibilfties and possibilities, will havo 80, much to unlearn ihat.her young rivals will .;. ,; outstrip her. chb3eri a trade or profession yon Having should leave far behind you all those petty and foolish artificial Ulna, whlnh men and women from haying a fair, whole, some tt business acquaintance.!; with, each other. Never let, considerations of sex enter into your business, relation's with a man; tho only account" ho, will make of it' will 'too to impose upon you It he ,cana good man will not consider it at fllir Tf vAti mif him with finesse, he iil repay' yon ' with gallan try, and drive a ' sharp , bargain with you after all. First inform yourself in the liremlses, and then remember that common senso and honesty will' yield tho main by-and-b- v. ' V Y. Tho girls to whom these words aro belong distinctly to this period In - - , d, tho world's progress girls who believe that, as consumers of tho results of toil, it is, their duty to contribute, by their works, to the general fund; and who further believe that the amount of goods which they are entitled to appropriate to themselves, is only dependent upon their ability to hon, estly procure such goods. A generation ago, girls like theso had only an pxlstenco as individuals. Scattered here and there over tho world there have been girls who shook themselves free from the shackles of custom and and havo set boldly out to think precedent, thoir own and llvo their Own lives, mikln thoughts, possible the way for less hardy followers but in social economy 'no allowance was made for their existence. They were not recognized as a cla.33, nor looked upon with favor as Individuals. They gained much, but they paid high rates for it. It was not thought indelicate or uafemU nlno for her to marry - a man -- who wa? personally repulsive to her, if ho could support her; or she might live in beggarly depon. denco upon friends who could, little affor d such expense; but a profession was not to afield. tough old ignorance f - Elizabeth Cady Stanton. ad-dresse- barriers-o- far-differe- nt they seemed almost impervious; and the timo is close at hand when she may go where she will, entering the lists "without "' fear and without favor" In our country the advance of woman's interest?,. has; beelHf " marvellously rapid In tho last., few years. During the civil war J 1.' II iuvi.,wut& iuai.jvyuiau uiu, wnu uuau ana hands, won her a new place in the" esteem" of the nation. Laterf in the years of commercial disaster and distress that followed close upon the era of inflation and folly and extravagance, sho has developed a fortitude ' and skill, a fulness of resource and strength of character that' have gained sex, riches that shall never pass away. It is doubtful if. under other conditions, tho wo man's cause could havo mado such progress-I- t was when thoseesad reverses came that caused so many women to step out from homes of luxury : and refinement and look about In tho world the world Jhey . never fairly saw before-rrf- or sustenance for themselves, that the wo men of our land becamo .known unto each other, that tho strong tendrils of love and sympathy and fellowship were thrown out ' TO-DA- 04 out-up- on ready the : THE GIRLS OH to-da- : y t. I 19 -- 4 chance. Circurnvcritiori will bo both undignified and unprbfltabiei It was some . Brim wit that perpetrated v that venerable humbug' about feminine- - tact, r For good, substantial, opaquoi mancbnveringyithero nothing liko masculind acumen;; :.;,-, jj ;..'-Agai- n, don't sot out with any thqught of martyrdom. - What tha world now wants is MWB Jk.t U.Ul HJ " J -- can make for yourself a good business, and tako care of yourself, and do it well, you 1 - ' Will Kir IfAn. V . li ?4tl - V glfi'to tho common cause. - Eleanor II. Lawney. , ; . 