Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 15, 1879. 7. For the ExroxEST. THREE RAIN DROPS. -- I sat at my window one morning, And heard the sweet splash of the rain; n While musing of things The musical tinkling: refrain Chimed In with my dreaming, and, haply, a thought Embodied the lesson the rain-drotaught. long-forgotte- ps Three crystal dew-drowere descending, Whispering and dancing with mirth; "Dear sisters," said one, "though together, How soon we will now reach the earth; Sent down by cloud-moth- er to land or to sea, And where, oh, where will our resting place be?" They sped down the wind-patand, parting, Each one went a different way; One, sorrowing, felt her bright beauty Grow dim with the mud where she lay. 'Ah me," sighed the rain-dro- p, 4,and Is this the last Of all I had dreamed and hoped In the past?" Another fell with sweet trembling ps h, On the glossy green leaf of a tree. "back-woundin- g" thou art mine!" Again, when we have been so fortunate as to find a friend "after our own heart," when we have proved them by trials, often "weighed in the balance, but never found wanting," in bur prosperity near to, us and rejoicing with us, upholding us in the sunshine that was flooding our pathway, watching that wo became not dazzled by it, cautioning us to be moderate in our joys, temperate in our pleasures, humble in our wealth, charitable in our riches, grateful to thebounteous Giver for the blessings He bestowed upon us, and reminding us that we are but stewards, who will have to give an account of our stewardship. To such an one wo might confide our bosom secrets, 'with a confidence that the all the grave would not be more silent. scenes of life they would bo unchanging; oft-repeat- "You need me, bright loaf, and I'm content To give all nay strength unto thee, For all I asked of the future was this To give Jifo to earth with my kiss." life-glyi- ng The last, on a velvet rose resting, Glistened with pride, and softly said "0 sweet, I am adding to beauty a charm; How happy am I that we're wed!" While deeper, with shame, sank far down in the ground The rain-dro- p so soiled with the home she had found, But earth to her bosom enfolding The dew, whispered, God knoweth all; And he will accept thee, though tarnished With filth of the street at the fall." So; meekly content with her lot, she passed through The changes that oome to earthmpi8tened dew, When soon she came laughing and singing - To the spring bubbling up near the hill, And sparkling with joy kissed the pale cups ls Of close to the nil. Thus, cbatlr jr her sisters with frolicsome glee, She gains tho river and sweeps to the sea. When the dew-- d rop was sad ly wishl ng Such honor had never been guessed; But experience had given the power To live for and love but the best. Have I not felt dimmed by the mud on mo cast? Have patience, God rules, He'll right all at last lily-bel- , dence towards God that nothing else can impart with jequal force I We offer up our prayers with a more confiding spirit, for we have a conviction that they will be heard and accepted. We may lose our friends, poverty may become our portion, isolation our present lot, calumny may assail us with stripes, misunderstandd hydra-heademonster, may cast ing, that baleful influence around us, but no matits ter none of these, separato or combined, can destroy the confidence in our God which such a life bestows upon us; amidst it all we feel the light of This countenance beam ing upon us, we hear the whisperings of His Spirit in our heart, saying, "Fear not, I am with thee; I have redeemed thee, Esius. FRIENDSHIP AND CONFIDENCE. BY HANNAH T IUNQ. When we take a retrospective view of our past life, and examine our relative position to our Heavenly Father, what is it that gives us confidence in Him? It is to know that wo have ever loved His iaws, and its far as we know them they have ever been our delight; that we have also loved his attributes and desired to imitate them; consequently, virtue and goodness have been exemplars to us, and we have practiced them according to the light and knowledge we possessed; that we have loved those in whom such were conspicuous; have set our foot upon all that opposed these principles, though to do so we had to wage a continual warfare with surrounding circumstances and surrounding spirits, both embodied and invisible, the warfare being generally the silent battle and the secret strife connected with the working of our own soul! and when no eye was upon us save those of God and angels. When we know all this has been our experience it . gives us a confl. ed -In Near us when our sun doth shine, But nearer Btili when ia decline. When wealth had made wings and fled away, when summer friends had departed from us, frozen up by the chilling wind3 of adversity, when our heart indeedfelt heavy with its many trials and its adverse circumstances, who remained that had waited on our footsteps while prosperity beamed upon us? Who stood fondly lingering by to speak the consoling word and point us to a brighter day? The friend whose love wa uu earin-Dor- a passion, ana therefore the things of earth had no poer to affect it the friend that had ever.had our confidence! Oh, there is a divinity in the such souls UULU i is friendship heavenly, Godlike, arid consequently eternal. Are all capable of such sentiments? I will leave an open verdict on that query, but I know generally educa. and tion, association, above all that prolific source, circumstance, make us what we are, and I know these exalted sentiments thrive in a cultivated heart and mind, only and in a warm, sincere and reserved disposition, in a spirit. These characters are the few, hence we find genuine friendship is rare, as such but rarely meet their counterpart. But there are few whose path of life has been so sterile as not to furnish them with some object by which, might form bright ideas ot the truthsthey and beauty of a confidential friendship. I with those whof do not carry sympathize a model in their own bosoms, even if it bo only an ideal one: for I verilv heli yet be realized con-den- "- self-denyin- g, self-controlli- ng, self-relia- nt ce No: 24. Let us then cultivate everything that will promote confidence in each other. Let us practice sincerity, and never profess ono sentiment the duplicate of which' is not in our own bosoms. Let none profess more than they feel is truth, for it. is a fearful ana most injurious thing to be deceived it has ruined many a character that otherwise might have been bright and valuable; and woe bo to the deceiver for If conscience Is not dead, no other skeleton will be needed in the closet than such a woeful reflection. A kiss has often sealed many a sacred compact, and should not bo lightly given at any time. Thcro should be temperance and a "word of wisdom" In kissing, most assuredly; this id always observable in all high toned, refined and cultivated people; they never kiss indiscriminately, and generally very rarely. Confidence is the very soul of all compacts, of whatever grade or condition. It is- the spirit of lovo and friendship, and friendship is love without - his wing! The Hospital, for Women and Chil- dren This subject has been laid before and received the unqualified approbation of the authorities of the Church as an enterprise-worththe attention and support of all Latter-da- y Saints. The plan of construction, organization and arrangements will be soon drawn up and presented for consideration and approval, after which the several stakes of Zion will bo solicited to take shares in the enterprise. Wo trust, the .people will give due consideration to the matter. remembering that no one knows in this sphere of uncertainly how soon such an institution may be of greatest need and benefit to him (or her.) It will be a place where each settlement can look forward to for instruction to students desiring to prepare themselves to be a source of benefit and comfort to their sisters and also as axenter where those desiring to obtain a knowledge of the art of nursing will find a place of instruction. A special meeting was called, during the Quarterly Conference of the sisters at n 9 the th Inst.' at which Friday evening time tho subject was well talked up by Miss E. R. Snow, Mrs. R M. Kimball David M. Stuart, C. F. Middleiori, counselor to Pres. Peery of that stake and Dr.R. B. Pratt whoso remarks and suggestion $ were especially calculated to impress her hearers with-goo- d Ideas upon this ira. portant subject. An encouraging interest was manifested in the project and a promise of assistance with faith, prayers and means. An awakened spirit is being manifested in many of tho settlements upon this subject which is to bo hoped will extend to all and result in a complete success to tho undertaking. : a-pla- Og-de- It i3 one of 'Of the proofs of tho indestructible religious nature of man that it is easier to rob him of his than his liberty conscience, even though itbo a superstitious one; easier to despoil him of, his gods; than of his goods, though ho would so piten gain by the loss; easier to enslave : his- body than coerco his mlnd. Hepry Bogers. ... - - - 