WOMAN'S EXPO KENT . and a large photograph of President Taylor to each of her Counselors andSecretaryr An address was read by Mrs. E. Miller, on the presentation of the gifts, expressive of the love and high appreciation of their sisters' labors for the last eleven years; and as tbey are retiring from the presidency of the Ncphi Branch of the Society, to occupy the position of the presidency of the Relief Society of the Stake, they have our united faith, and we pray the blessing of God to rest upon them. Songs by Mrs. E. Grace, Mrs. S. A. Andrews and Pres. Teasdale; recitations by S. A. Andrews and C. Bigler; toasts by IL Jones and George KendalL Pres. Goldsbrough,CounseIor3 and Secretary spoke, expressing their appreciation of their presents, and also of the love they had for the Society. Pres. Teasdale followed wiih R. S. REKOBT. TO HUSBAND'S. .It -- , very encouraging address; said the sisters of the R. 8. were his warmest friends, and he would always be proud to assist them. Pres. Mary Pi tchforth and others spoke a short time, encouraging the Society, and invited all who had not joined to do so. Dismissed at 7:30, when dancing commenced. J. W. Cummings, of S. L. City, addressed the assembly in a spirited and impressive manner. Closed with prayer. a .... f For the ErP05ET. PERILOUS TIMES. This appears to be a momentous period in our history one such as the young people of Zion, have never . before witnessed. A time of both local and general interest, not to us alone, but to the world at large. The newspapers are filled with accounts of famine drought, fires, floods, shipwrecks and earthquake, while crime of every name and nature is rampant through the land, and the gaunt forms of disease and death, stalk hand in hand together, roaming, about hither and thither at will, without any thing to impede their progress or stay their ravages. There Is truly a dark and, gloomy prospect before the Inhabitants of the earth, but it is only what we have been taught to expect, and, according to the prophecies, will prove only a beginning of troubles. , But to come nearer home, to subjects of more vltaf'iriterest to us as a people. The past few weeks, have developed some strange things; members of our community have been subjected to indignities and barefaced injustice at the hands of unprincipled Federal ofilcials, and public indignation, is aroused at the assassination of Bra Standing and the ''persecution of some of the Saints in North Carolina and other places. Truly this is a time fraught with great events, and the time is near at hand that will try the: hearts of the people, and no d and doubt, some will t grow give way to the temptations of the world, and forget their obligations to God, and their to fealty theKing of Kings,by breaking their covenants and turning traitor to the cause which they have espoused; :. But I trust that the majority of the peoplo will become more united, as the pressure from the outside grows 'stronger, and the sisters may be one with the brethren In the maintenance of ourrrights, and promotion of truth, and spreading of the jGospel. If we do this we have nothing to fearf for God Is at the helm and will protect us as long as we do right and serve him faithfully; and to do this we inuSt put awayall and strife from envy, Jealousy, our midst, and live as brethren and sisters should.. Bt George, Aug. 17, 1879. s , Kate. faint-hearte- fault-findin- g Always complain of being tired, and remember that nobody else gets tired. Your wife should have every.thing in readiness for you, but you should not do JUAB CONFERENCE. - anything for her: . When your wife asks for money givo her a nickle ask her what she wants with it, and when she tells you, ask her if she can't do without it. Then go down town and spend four times the amount for cigars, for they are a necessity. Go down town of an evening stand on the street corner and falk politics more it's interesting than to stay home with your family. Charge your wife not to gossip, but you can spin all the yarns you wish. Have your wife get up and make fires but dontjget up yourself until the rest of the family are eating breakfast, as you might take cold. a-ro- Wear old clothes,aud make yourself as untidy as possible until your wife's health fails, then it would behest for you tofix'up some, for in all probability you will want another when she is gone. When you are told to bring anything home with you from down town, te: sure and forget it, as it is such a consolation to your wife to know that she can depend upon you. Always deceive your wife when you can. She will have more confidence in you. - Have a smile for everybody you meet) but get a frown on before you go home to meet your wife. Any one observing these rules may expect to bo happy, and all those around them. Daisy Dare. For tho ExrowKxr. , -.- . There are manykind3 of labor both of and of the mind,and woman labors tlbody in many different ways. We take flour and with labor we make bread: we take wool, and with labor we make yarn, sock3, cloth, and many other things; this is labor of the ' , While we are working with our hands: we are studying with our minds, to determine which will be the best way to cut the cloth In order to make the most of it. Then there are many different kinds of labor and each of us fs more inclined to one than another. A great many of our young women think, when they are washnig, baking, scrubbing and scouring, "If I could only qualify myself and obtain a situation In some store or office I. would be satisfied." Another will say, "If I could be a school teacher," another, a dress maker, another, a cook etc., etc. each one striving to labor according to her talent: we should qualify ourselves to fill each and all of these positions. To become an Indpendent and people, we must all labor. "There is no excellence without :t labor," and excellence In all things is our aim in life, as mothers and daughters In Israel. We are the people that should excel In all things; we have that promise if wo are faithfuland wo should all strive to attain a high standard of excellence; all labor with all our might and main, and help to bear off this Kingdom. ' Charleston. C, C. B. oi self-sustaini- - Victoria has reigned 42 years. . UIo the brethren felt interested W our 'behalf rand were present at our meetip did we had visited Levan and Monaand ould say that she felt thankful to Md ttii a gppd ipiht prevailed among ahe sisters of thoief settlements. She then Introduced Presi' Joseph Young, who said: "My sisters and friends have expressed a wish that I should speak to them. It is only aew of these meetings of the Relief Societies that I have ever been present at; I have had invitations from" my sisters, for which lam thankful. I do not know that there is any one that appreciates the noble acts of my' sisters more than myself. The first Relief Society was organized in Nauvoo by the Prophet Joseph Smith; he gave the sisters then the necessary instructionto7 enable them to do their duty. My sisters are doing a great work, and their works are appreciated, and I feel to rejoice with them.-- 1 wish to say a word to the singers I have heard I am much pleased to hear : our illustrious Sister Grace, whom I have heard so many ' years ago. I have never heard-a- sound that draws me nearer to the Holy Spirit than the sweet songs of Zion Jit' reminds, me of something that I expect to :hear when pass behind the veil,, when all .will stand in their own place, where everything will bo perfect and perfect order will be observed ; this people can never attain,. to the glory we are looking .for without it.; I .wish to observe all rules and order, where veV I am; I have met with the sistere and praised their good works; Hike to see. the poor relieved,1 the sick comforted. Adhere is the sister that does not feel? blessed', in doing good? Go(l has made us of that cast and character, and we should do all In our power to promote the good work. The Lord called upon" Joseph Smith to organize an lnsiuuuon canea tne order of Enoch, which s III be brought about in 'the. duo time of tho Lord, which ; Order will supersede all other orders arid societies; where all will bo provided for according to their "tcuo, Alio ua,y wuif ' uuuiu VVilUU WO SUail a have model Zion;" This1 people must adopt principles of economy. lean say this people are the best people, upon the face ot the earth; I can; also see theirVf6lUei-r,- f am to on live willing scanty 'mealsiif I can but live in the Zion of pur God If wo are : to-da- y; J LABOR. body. dent of Levan Branch; Pres.- Joseptf rating, Pres. G. Teasdale, Patriarch J; L Bfgler, and several other brethren' were present After the usual ; opening exercises Pres. Amelfa Goldsbrough made a very few remarks, cxpressin g her thanktplriess' for the T und - - xne quarterly uonierence of the 'Juab County Stake organization of the ll.' S. was held in the Nephi Tabornaclo on ttie 20th of July, On the stand 'were tne' board of officers of the Stake ;anUBian,!a!sb 'Prsi-- . ng C There is no such thing as dodging the purposes of God; the government God and His order will live when everything else passes away; Look after Mho) yb'ung;-'dhot let them associate1 wifhT?rs(rangersf lead them in7 the right pathfwhile they ; are young, that they may hot depart 'from 'tne truth. God ;tless you anall the, Priesthood; and Bishops, and, all the faithful in o -- zion.it Amen."- Sister Grace sang,: by request, "O Saints, haver you seen,'! fcc: isJ .6 '"a A. L. Bioler, Sec'y- - t 