AT TO HP PA 'W till U Vol. V W AN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL 15, 1870. 7. For tho Exponent. SONNET. BY HANNAH T. KING. I love thee still! these words contain A language that the angeli do rehearse! Yes, Yes, 'tis written in the universe : The Mia and mountains do its truth proclaim! The running: brooks and all the mountain streams; The glorious sun, with his effulgent beams; The ambrosial air, the flower's sweet perfume; The song of birds, the stars that do illume; And ah! the silver moon, the Queen of night, On which the lover's mind doth so delight-- All these proclaim, with never failing: thrill, To the responsive sou!, I love thee still! Salt Lake.City, April 6, 1 A 1S79. TFor the Expoxeni. TRUE WOMANLINESS. Woman the foe of woman! Can it be? Woman should be all love and charity; No dark suspicion through her soul should steal She should gtj forth to comfort and to heal; To cheer the tempted as they strive to stand , And, if they fall, to give a helping hand; To scatter flowers in the path of woe Is woman's mission to the world below. Should she fling serpents in a sitter's face, And lipaandlongue bo linked with her disgrace? God is the Judge of all let those beware; And glory not whes feet escape the snare. Woman, relentless, iron. browed and stern, Watching her sister's steps at every turn Of life's sad way with loud, indignant calls Bidding the world to brand her as she falls-- Is not true woman, though 6he bear her name; For the true woman mourns her sister's shame, Steals to her chamber when the world's asleep, Not toupbraid her, but with her to weep; Kisses the Hps by agony made white, And whispers blessings with her soft goodnight. Mhs. E. A. W. Hopkifs. - For the ExrostNT. WOMEN IN THE ARIZONA MISSION. We are so isolated here there seems but little to write that would interest the sisters of Utah. If we are living as saints surely we have something to say in defense of the principles revealed from heaven, and of the many mercies our God has shown unto us. We have been greatly bleat with good health tho past year; though three weeks ago Sister Malinda Wanslee died. Left a husband She was from Arkansas. tho youngest but and three little girls, was She impressed from seven days old. the first that her time had come. Tho brethren and sisters exercised all the faith prayed they could, and she was repeatedlywas Lord able knew the she said for. She to heal her, yet felt it was his will to take her to himself. It is ever sad to see a friend laid in the silent grave but doubly so when thero are so few together as there are here. We know we have more reason to mourn for the living than those who die with the hope of a glorious resurrection,and we should all live so that we can have that lor hope, andtmerit the blessings in store a seen never time the faithful. We have when the evil one held such sway over the hearts of the ungodly, and that is why we as saints should strive the harder to do right, so wo too may not fall victims to tho tempting of Satan. The Exponent contains great comfort in its pages. It seems every number is better and more interesting, or at least Ienjdy and appreciate it more. I glory in tho courage of the noble sisters who went to Washington to plead the cause of Zion, and I pray God to bless them andjho hundreds of bravo wives and daughters who daily defend the principles of the Gospel and especially that of Celestial Marriage. I thank my heavenly father I have never spoken against it, and through the teachings of a good mother always respected it.' I was pleased with "A llftie sketch" by Olivo Branch in the last paper, and can say I know ed unselfish wives many such who would not exchange their conditions for the wealthof Rothschild, and it is my belief if we are not happy, it is because of our weakness and our lack of determination to overcome our inherent selfishness. No wife need to fear that her placo will be God usurped by another if she is worthy. is first and will reward according, to the merits of each, and if the first is a faithful Latter-daSaint the rest are very apt to follow her example. Love begets love, and her kindness will win the respect of all. There may be exceptions but it will generally prove so. How much we miss the true-heart- y great and good meetings our Utah brethren and sisters enjoy; yet we would not wish to return, for we feel if we honor our calling to this land "our father" will amply reward us far the little sacrifice wo are rein duo quired to make at present. I think 1 o.a mnnli timo the eiatero y?111 bo' ablt? to bretlf-ren- ; the as Indians the "good in redeeming for if the civilized mothers need constant teachings to aid them to bring their children up in the ways of tho Lord, how much more does the savage mother need. The Navajo woman has a very pleasing She is much superior to tho appearance. women of the Northern Tribes of Indians. I trust I have not wearied the patience of your readers, or that they will not forget to help the Indian Missionaries with their faith and prayers. . . Mary Stuart Savoia, New Mexico, March 17, 1879. For tho Exioxen?. A TRIP ON THE GARS. tleman and two ladies. To the elder of tho ladies, and the gentleman, gave a passing glanco in my general hasty survey of tho car, but thero was something about the younger lady that fixed my attention. She was dark and petite, with liquid brown eyes and a dimpled laughing mouth. Attired in a dainty traveling suit. Sho looked as fresh and sweet as a rosebud. In innocent abandon she had thrown her hat aside, the better to enjoy the mountain breeze that came through tho open window. She had removed her glove from the perfect a cluster of right hand, in which she held . bleeding-heart- s and pansio.-It was a pleasant picture to look upon; in fact, simple perfection from the crown of the curly head to the tip of the dainty boot. Forthwith I commenced to weave romances about my littlo party, establishing her without hesitation upon the pedestal of refinement and purity. Sho was engaged in an animated conver-satio- n with her companions, the words of which were inaudible to me. But presently, in answer to some remark from the gentleman opposite, I saw the laughing brown eyes raised, tho corners of the sweet mouth dimpled, and the perfect lips formed tho words "you bet!" were ruthlessly Horror! my dashed to tho ground! The radiant creature whom. 1 had invested, with . all tho qualities of a refined and noble nature, was after all only a specimen of the young lady of the period, who would forfeit her claim to the attributes one would..bo. led by her outwara appearance to credit her with, by allowing herself to use slang, I was di appointed and disgusted, for slang is my pet air-cast- les -- aversion. I betook myself to my, book, finding it much more satisfactory to study the fictitious characters described by the author, than the real human creatures by whom we are surrounded, and whose faults aro so palpable. But I could'nt forget th3 shack to my feelings caused by my travelers careless words. I could imagine the feelings of Fanny Fern when sho saw a fair young, lady, in an exquisite morning toilette,como down to the fashionable late hotel breakfast table, and after examining tho exten-"siv- e Coftee, fried pigs bill of fare, order " feet, fried oysters,omelette and pork-steak!- - 1878, circumstances rendered it necessary for me to make a flying visit to tho metro-pol-ls. gold-boun- 0 No. 22.. Towards tho latter part of the summer of Having passed over tho route several times, famaliarity with the natural objects of interest along the line, detracted somewhat their novelty, and as my book failed to rivet my attention, I devoted myself to the study of human nature in Its various phases as represented in a railway car. There was the usual assortment of passengers, including tho old gentleman with d spectacles silently devouring the contents of his newspaper, the chubby-fist- ed urchin munching an, enormous pieco of cake, the tired mama with tho inevitable restless baby etc. etc. My attention was attracted by a company of gay pleasure seekers consisting of a gen Jl Jennie Jingle. NOTES AND NEWS. Twenty iadica graduated from tho Wo- men's Medical College in Philadelphia last week. lobbying is classified in among the. felonies, to bo punish cd by fine and imprisonment. Ex. A petition for the restoration of tho prohibitory law of 1851, signed by 50C0 women, has been presented in the Seuato in Connecticut. Ex. ge of The committee on Woman-Suffratho Connecticut legislature has reported against giving women the right to vote in school meetings and on tho liquor question. Hereafter, California 