standard of the the glorious 'west; SONfi, . yet he never seemed to think or. realize the injury ho "was doing his child, or thexam- Pie he was setting beof 6 It. And X verily believo there are plenty of such' things golnig on with never a thought given to the Aku "ouU3 Written expressly for thteJKcaston by Ea. 3 AND MESSES. CH AS. W. 8TAYNKB AH honor to thto memorable day! eeed sewn. How much should we pray Let gratitude inspire Each sturdy heart with sweet poctio joy, -- And patriotic fire! "Tls the day that noble band In this wilderness did landr To inako a home for brethren Ion oppressed; T bey left their worldly gains, And traveled o'er the plains, To raUe tho glo rlous Standard of the Weet. - cons-havedon- " CHOROTJ3 (repeat): : Thenive"tBree cheers For the Old Pioneers! Though many have passed away ; We'll thank each one For the work he has done On this glorious pioneer Dav" All honor to this memorable day! A time of wonflrOus power. That made the desert barrenness of earth To blossom from that hour. Soon the meadows did expand, And as if by magic baud, The fruits and llowera too these valleys blessed; The happy Pioneer Had raised the glorious Standard of the West. Chorum. All honor to thii memorable day! .Let bleeeings on them shower. Who made this country fit for man's abode, By aid of heaven's power! For they trusted io their God, And ibey kisaed the gracious rod That urged tbem thus to do their very best; s that they are gray. We'll celebrate the day, And cheer the glorious Standard of the Wefct. enoRu?. For the "GETTING Exponent. ACQUAINTED" I leve the handmaids of the Lord, The veterans of the cross, Whoso daiiity fingers wield the pen To clear tbe gold from dross. fearless and so fleet, Who snatch tbe weapons from thg for, Taea lay them at our feet I lore tbe Noble Matrons, Whose dally hourly care, ts to bring forth to Zion's help Each jewel rich or rare. I love to heip the heiplcss, I'd take them far away From those who coll around the baai t Then fill it with dismay. I love each soul that's lovable, That's fllt'd with heavenly light Wboee lives, a daily sacrifice Are givea for the rigbt. God bless them 'aU,'niy sbte s dtar! mo-rnent- g, A glotlous happy day Awaits tbe iaitbful, clothed la light Tbo Saiuts of Latter Dir. 8. L- City Juna Mth T9. Ward 7th, - A. Q. For TRUTH. tl? Fxi'mv-esx- ( J I iovo those little warriors, So e r With naught but God to fear, And now ren in1Pr., gQicle ua in raising our cbild-th- o example?,3 of good, and bo careful of bitterly I feel my before thenw Oh! how realize how much beltefsce,- now1, when I by reading andstrivtng the better:way in which to rear mn find and by never giving way to anger and' speeches. I; thinks hasty and uncalled-for- , above all things we should teach our little ones to be truthful and honest, and to do this we must always bo so ourselves;-fotruly our sins follow after U3 to the third and fourth generation, and perhaps through all time. We commit great sin in not informing our minds, and not gaining a knowledge of the best methods of teaching, and then by not putting into practice what we 7 do know. be could There are so many things thai; said, and so much reformation needed on this subject, but I feel that If I could succeed in setting one soul to thinking and striving to overcome, I would have my hundredfold reward In thinking of it; for I do desire to see the children of Zion trained in the way of the Lord and the principles of truth and righteousness; and unless we become wise, mothers, how can we expect to be good teachers of ur children? Then let u j novar:: ...... falsify, even in jest. Before closing, 1 will give yon one or two illustrations: Two sisters went visiting, the elder sister taking her child Alice with tier. While Alice was out playing, she went into a neighbor's garden and pulled some turnips.. The younger sister, going out, saw her, and when sho returned she told her I do not believe tho child would sister, do such a thing," said the mother "But saw her, and called her away," replied. the younger sister. The mother became very angry, and when the child came in, said, "Alico, you did not pull any turnips, did you?" The child hesitated a moment, then answered, "No, mother." A few words' of dispute followed, but the mother persisted, saying sho knew Alice did not do so. Thus she encouraged her child, It not to steal, to tell an untruth to hide a theft when she had committed one. Surely the mother' did not realize what she was doing! We will allow her that much for charity's sake j Here is another illustration, Two travelers stopped at our house; one coming a short time before the other. When the last one had been in a few he asked how long it had been since the first one's arrival,' "only a few moments'' I answered; "I hope he has not missed his plug of tobacco and box of matches I found in tho wagon track; he must have lost them or he would have found them in driving over them," he said. His mother, being with him, heard his remark, and said: "I would not mention it before him, any way,4' Smiling, I asked her: "Is that the way you teach your son honesty?" She seemed quit embarrassed, but replied, "He could claim it if It should not be his," ''if ho is the owner, ho could easily describe it," I She claims to be a good, woman'; to and have raised her children as nearly right as sho'could. I know she has some very rough, wild boys, whether such things as the above has any thing to do with it I leave you, my readers, to judge, with many good wishes .for the prosperity of the Exro5E?fT and Its Edltor.Gypsy Golden . How careful wo should all bo to speak the truth in every instance! There is nothing more sad, or painful to &ee, or moro to" bo pitied in thfa world than an untruthful child. And whi but parents will bo responsible, if thoy set the example, or add to or exaggerate anything while telling it beforo their children. I have even seen a parent tell an untruth before his child, and then whip the child because It would' riot nc. knowledgo tho falsehood to Vo ffntb: and" au-swer- od REFLECTIONS, I believe that every kind and chari table deed or act that is.wrpughtby ibejspirit and Influence of divine grace, or through love and respect to - the word f of? God the same will be recognized and approbated of God in all cases whoro' sufferings humanity requires those acts; whether the supplicant be called saint or sinner, although Ihinfc the latter has sometimes been vairitysubstl-tute- d as; a ilbundatloni fbrrQDjed causes and excuses for neglect, even in cir- cumstances of 'Special neeo buYthisrlbbu-- ' na model for lis who .profess to be lof aMnnrfd f0ll0Wer3 0f JCSUS Christ. we havV teaches us to love our enemieT?!00? the-bes- r&a that Gospel charity, whether it beo!cn or deed, being administered fn the spirllev lovingkindness, will, with God's help; it in much good; and if trie effect does not immediately appear, the administration may, after many days bo brought to remembrance. But let faith arid i works, be combined in all our acts of kindness, that they may be approved df God and attended-witdivine blessing. Then we snail Bee me air flicted rejoice, and if we labor for righteousness' sake, our reward; is sure. Finally, let us strive with all5 diligence-an- d pray earnestly that .our heart become sanctified .to God pure and r&ly; 4ha&U we clo may : be done with an eye, iQihia glory; for by, our '.; , works we shall be judged. v . and last dls-in this great that I believe . ... At "Jt. n.n mill ! pensauon oi ine iumess of umes, luutu hau be much required of tho. people of God, Anirliira' 1 re-su- " h 1 ; : 1!-- 1 rirtnr lrA n Ia nrA Wntk whole armor of godliness, I think we shall be fdand wanting. I feel for one we have be able to accdmplish altogether a good pur pose In this point of view; but by the grace drGbdl1 curi saytliat I do not feel 7al air Truth truly grows brighter and 'brighter1' to me; and I dlsdburaged1 for the ! fospel am resolved to press forward towards the mark-- ; ofi high calling, closely adhering to my 'abidirig'motto Faith j Hope and Perseverance. I beiievev there Is no opposite power that shall be able to stay our bnw4rd progress unto victory That wemayigaln an eternal exaltation in the kingdom of our ITattjer is my ardent hope and prayer. 8. A. K. Oentervillo. A man's character is like aYencp you strerierthteh it hv'whltAwasHi ' 'i? -more George Eliot" Has given as diie ' work. Its title is, Impressions of ' Such. The failure of the West of England, Bank is said to have broughf financial rulrttd two ' The-ophrastu- s" . 1" hundred atid;eighty matoleljaW rhe man who swears t rjislifeif diiiner i3 five minutes, behind 'tMeJstiUe'tb6 regular in his habits to keep peac.i In the family- - If Adam had been created'a boy instead of a man, ho would have clubbed all the apples off from that tree before tho the serpent had a Qhanico f to get through ' fence around the garden. ; ; full-grow- n ; 1 Every housekeeper 'may riot" know' that If brooms are well: dipped in a pall of euds, after the washing Is finishedtheywlil keep as good a9' new1- until they are actually ... ; , worn: out - , 