WO nora.in the piisen scene from Ii'Trovatore, in a manner that completely charmed t ho audience ana won expressions of applause f rum all slues. The kem of the evening, however, was the duet, "O Sainted Mother,' from Maritana, by Miss Sherwin and Miss Olsen. The Other ladies and gentlemen who took part in the performance a!so" deserve special mention, but ' space will not allow., On the whol the con cert was very succe sful as an entertainment, and we regret 10 say it was not so financially. Tho performance certainly deserved, a hrttKr the public house, and it is to be hoped taptewill rise to a higher degree of appreciation than it now possesses. Friday evening, the pinafore was again presented, with some interesting change of sctnery and character. Josephine, represented by Miss Sherwin, was a more charming character than ever. 1 tht . ; : Ladies' Meeting in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Booms, Saturday, Aug 2, was extremely interest! ngi Cunnatlor Phebe Woodruff prefcidedJX The minutes from Y L. M. I. Associations and Primary iAfesbdations.iwere very goo J indeed, and show a walked progress. XounsIors i B. W. Smith, J5. - flf; Howard and another sister addressed the meeting d welling much opu tn troubles of the present ; time the fii justice of the ' measures talen by those who are opposed to this kingdom; the sisters were exhorted to be irajerful and diligent their duty and keeping in-doiu- g 'thSSom MAN'S EX "45 N BNT P--O : ' several wards in their Selections of ward efflcera 7 meeting then adjourned untill G, 30, P.Mi j Afterpray erjBish deat Margaret Smot intredused MaryHIn- - ' 1 ley of American Fork who had bulshess to present connected with the" County Srgnfza' tlon. Mr?. Hindley called upon the Becertary of the County Association Mrs ' Fathers tone who read the Keport of the AssocVion; the Finatiee showing a balance In harid of $77 24 Mrs. Hind ley thn auuouncd 4 bis pos exi'y In plural mrriae, of whose e are; and shall we cowardly drr y ou orjgiu, the vify fountain of iur; txhtentoDldinot Christ ay He was ihebtlsprlng :of fDayjd,' the blight and mdrnirgatai? w!Ji- m iid iwhitrt' s-e- on :' of November : im,'' Mj'f '. f- -.j' ;:"'v , .:,;. v fir di-r- ec the fountain heid, aiitf who are con-vean t with alt th dgn. a of a yon fused sy fronj " i Minutes of a Meeting of the Ladies cf Utah Co, held in Fro vo (Dity, Aug. X 1879, Pm A. O. Baioot and DiviJ John of the Presidency of the Stake. Bps Harington and Pxmam and many of the prominent Lad Its of the County: after the u&ual devotional exerciS3S,Pres A. O. rimoot arose and stated the business of the meeting to bo the organization of a Silk Association for Utah Stake; also to organiza the Association Into three districts. After further remarks encouraging the enterprise, the Eke lion of officers was "proceeded with as follows: tiilkorgoizatlon Margaret T Smoot, President;. Mary John and Addle D .nearer Cjunelra; Albert William Jones, Secretary; Paxman, Treasurer; Daniel Graves, Traveling Agent; Central District, Provo, Springvllle, Spanish' Fork; Esther A. Beebe, President; Lucy W. Kimball, and Sarah Goodman, CounseJerf ; Hannah Booth, Secretary; AnnT. Dugdale, Treasurer; Northern District, North of Provo, Mary Hlndley, President; Ellen IX Clark, and Mellisa Hott, Counselors; Emma Fatherstone, Secretary; Mary Saelley, Treasurer; Southern Distfect, dt r ouuia oimet'. opamaa rrs.t. uougi&s, trtei-den- t; Bus in Fair bank-- , ad MryTMior(&uri. selor; Matilda D. Dixon, Secretary; Elizabeth, of the Tanner, Treasurer. At the CouM-lusigEWetion the officers were et apart to their by the Prisldet cy of the ri take , -i- e out,-Agu- ''''? l-- 2 n cfflos s after which Pres. A. O. Smoot advised the to of the Districts h'elp the Saints of the iffi-ler- piticiiln le'ivev nave 11 Hri; the woTldf ibkt;vtheyfwere k lad t ci a band-their they the pow er t o uiake-tlifaith? . We, the wdwen ,of Utab, will ;plead and. pray, to, pur Fahen in Heaven ,fbr our brethren in prison, and ,we do sustain and up- hold them . as men of God, who , are unjustly sent to prison by misapplediawaj4o affair, to measure us; in their own , email measure, throwing stones at us thatowUi .break l their own gla bouses We feel prouii of our brethren who dare p?ak the truth and come xout! against errpr, falsehood, superstition and overt &ctd of violence; we can put foil confidence in them, for- - they are trustworthy: OuV Delegate will act honorably as sach for we have proven him. And would that all bur officers' of iiwor who hold positions, were such rnV thawould act justly i 'irvoilz ezrv has and with equity;1 f' We as a coMmu sought f for it by! coming all. to our enemies. ; Can they not teWtisnVlitfwIiat they have neapsd upon ''jiif'U itHey are ''not ; satisfied with our coirie: bt M(i Jet in peace; wevcan dp as;'.weir without (herri 'as ; we":did before ,ihey;;p Mjr Eon.Was eight years; bf age;bVore hsaV a drunken man. . What has led same pi our sons - h , . ' , A FEW THOUGHTS." ac-quaint- ed e rV a-M- Secy A,.-Jonc- iTas Iask, v8aint;;:;wf all?;'(heir liktyet'ery ibfe'doci revelation of tine and knowledge 1 made a' short political sptcch; in whioh she advised the sisters to go to the pulls and vote' at the comirfg election. These meetings are an educational . institution, where ' women are taught and instructed in the practical duties of life, and are of the' greatest mutual benefit Here the daughters of Zion may become wltn the experience bf the elder slaters, and learn to profit by their large and long experiences, Thesai general meetlris are to the local Relief Societies what the high &cbool is to the districuchools. The sisters who teach in the-- mee tings are capable of feeding the ou!s cf thtir hearers wih spiritual food, freib fifo'ni the fountains of life and light. d ou'gove hment the powerf make an iutellieut, njligh'ened 'community ' 1 The formerpurchssiug Am Mrs Clatk of American Fork 'anaMrfii'Dongiai of ' Payon, were reaproinU "d yeU h ructlor s5 to retain the baiaucw iu other bndV for purchasing the presentstasdn'&crdaijflcocoomrlM lsarns was ppoluttd PuriVhasIng, Agent for Provo.; ;Meet Jng Iheu ajourned untjll the ' ' "; ; 4 ?, .rvf'.: noit;,' Tcs-(am- nt - goieg-fnl.wr- s Or-ganzati- T-- T - the disIutf.m of th County Association under her presidency and expressed her desire that her late cflleers and fellow laborers would attach themselves to the new orgnizatt. n with the fame diligence that they bd shown under her administration;. Elder Daniel Graves, moved a, vote of thanks to Sister Hlodley and out for e cau-cf Sericulture. Carthir diligence in tlie ried unamJouB. st,tivj $. Mm. Z na Yo mg Williams, sftrr expref ng her interest in the work pre8(itei the ritke with five hundred Mulberry Tiees; from her CocooBery Grounds tftuatetl la Salt '. Lak County. 'itivi;ci:'V Pre Margaret. T; Smoot. in: behal f of tho A8ot'it ioo accepted t he gift of Mrfif. VV Siamsj thanking her for her literal support of the cause the voice of truth that comes frdm God. "'All ye inhabitants of the world fand . dwellers on lifteth up an ensign the earth, see ye when-H- e 4Via hrtflHf ff IB i tlintr. .n th. mnnntitna if ment has come; and He will corneous or ills hiding place and vex- that nation. that Jifts; its puny arm against His work and bring-- i 'low in the dust For He has afd He would do" a marvelous work, which' would be awontfer' to ail people." ; AiH sgalh Heays Hel docih nothing unless He reyeslhlt to His?enrnts the prophets: tbeseVord prove "we iball have revelation If they bringVy Vi I' accusation ' against u, we' will worship the trueT bird living Q7d, hom Abratiam, leaic, Mos'sVSelh, Jacob ail the old- p it riarchi a u d the Ne w ' f,ll:H dls'cip s.worhii p;d. We are , the womeu w no, will stand firm to our faltb , to our nreihien, to ou r fiat riai ch to our d, who was the frieiju , of Abiaht m and "All ye inhabitant's of the worrd and dwellers on the earth, see ye when he tlifteth npr an eifcign on the mountains. ''- - (Isaiah xvili, S ) Ever ftlnce the creation man has made laws to prcwlibe the people,' and has eet aside the law--s bf Godi io- - the overthrow of nations. Is ' - i 1 n t psfc history sufllcie'nt to elucidate this, and will man pendst. in this ' work fof dissolu-tioLHow was it with the world1 in the days of Noah? Later with our Savibit ' A!Hd' how will it be with this nation, now a' powerful government in the midst of the earth? rLbok well to your acts, that you do cot merit a similar fate, and walk that broad road ' to; detraction I Let us investigate the matter, and fee If cur government is not making laws to prescribe, to cast into prison the innocent to deprive its citizens the right of justice, of conscience, also of their religious rights, to worship God according to their own views. If we as Latter-da-y Saints would believe in a God without body, parts, or passions, if we, would believe the Pope had power to forgive sins, or believe baptism was not essential for our salvation, if we would be atheists, shaking Quakers, quiet Quakers, or If we would believe in some of the dogmas of the day, that have been ' established by from errors they could not swallow,' we might live. with them in peace; but now because we cannot swallow what they could in their religious faith, they uso the same weapons their fathers did, stripe?, death and Imprisonment, ''ini h I ;,; t ; We do not want to countenance grog&hops, billiard saloons, houses of ill fame', But their Jaws have fubjected us to all their attendant evna ui ine inconsistency or man-malaws a cover for tin and degradation. - Oar most bUter enemies are largely of a; class we blosh 1 ? , . 1 'herearfojor -- tueepart t and so me ( our ; bretliren "n tVthJs great 'evil? . man-reforme- rs ,Drinking:8ataoc the daughter of Zion froni yjrf ue's pathtf Not '.i pbljgamlsts; , they are safo : ; ; Those who raise the huq an'd'cry against our religion and design to thwart, thepurppses of Jehovah aretlijs class '..'qf. jpaen.j JLynotthls people opened op agreat: oroughfareVfor . commerce by raUaytO aiidfseegipnj that 1 no other people would hive jscusht outj pi un-- -. tlertakeh? And it was . tiem; are the virtuous the most honorable, tiro pure in heart, who will listen to 2 t : i joniy-aCcompU:hed;b- - them through tho living faith they had In Him 't who rhlea the of. destiny natioas J2o power t 1 can stsy our progress; w hi! .vdX ltThns tith the Lord GodMJehoId,xI twill lift up mine hand to theGentileis and tet-iimy itandard to the people;- - and they " shall bring thy sons in their armsand Vby daugh-- I ters sball be chhd!urwn:'thtir shoulders,' p de 4onamendphoso:itiiollvaandr But our friends - - j 19tri:iah(frcc-yJ 'l;.ii;-v'JJJ- Z.r "-..- ') ; yvl.vii PrTii'irrnrrri : Salt Lake City? Aug. nl$79 ' r t ' t, . . : a C ' . " I ' ;A ' - 5 - - -- ' 