WO MAN'S 22 IN UONOK OP BISHOP HUNTER. 9Jn1 nmo iha MrfWUV, tot v IfifilW fTWil .DiaI vjvrlll the birthday of Bishop Ed- of anniversary T"T.. 4 . mU .11 rti Ontilav , V.TunaS UUUUUJ VAAW sided over by Father Adam, tho Ancient n.li. - of Bays. this City, wishing to express their respect for him, ana their appreciaSociety of prise party, rather in the character of a literary entertainment, on Monday, June23rd. Learning afterwards that it was the 80th anniversary of the birth.day of t)r. J. M. Bernhlsel, it was decided it should be a surprise to both. The party convened in tho o'clock p. m. .Monday the 23rd. There were present, besides officers, of the Belief Society PresidingBishop Edward Hunter and Mrs. Suzanne Hunter, President John Taylor and Mrs. Sophia Tay!or,Elder Joseph F. Smith and Mrs. Sarah E. Bichards a Elder Joseph F Smith then mad" short speech, in which he gave, expression to his feelings in regard to the arduous labors of the Bishop. Mrs. M. L Home gave an impromptu address and alluded to the days of the Prophet Joseph and the priesthood and blessings conferred upon women at that time. Mrs. S. M. Kimball then read the fftllnwlnt firlflrpCLq. pntnnnsarl in Victim tUn. veteran Bishop. Reverend Father: This assembly necessarily consists of only a few of the many friends whp appreciate your long and useful life, which has been devoted to God and humanity. Like Adam, you have been a granger, a tiller of the soil, earning your bread bv the sweat of your brow. , Like Abraham,; you have tended the flocks of the field; like him ; you have taught righteousness and are an honored leader among the children of promise. You have your probation in the dispensation of the fullness of times, when God will gather HU obedient children into one grand harmonious family, where, each, understanding correct principles, will bo self, governing, and peace will reign in all tho uuruuro. mo me moors or mis family may uivino presence of the Father enierne and Mother God with the scales . of their mortal eyes unclasped and their perceptions revivified. eth2Tl?y alher' yu will In fullness, yonr husbandry UOQKB S&i.?. Zuvi into fat pasture dominion and power to Jhe. righteous give of house, sabordinate to the scentS Mch through faithfulness youafore. juur nn-vAn- r' ' ' thee." Smith, Elder F. D. Bichards and Mrs Jane Bichards, Counselor D. H Wells and Mrs. Susan H '""Wells. Pres. A non and Mrs. Amanda Cannon, Bishop L. W. Hardy and Mrs. Sophia Hardy, Bishop RT. Burton and Mrs. Maria Burton, Elder ed 1 Among tho honorable members of this convention will be Noah, Abraham and Joseph, the Prophet of the last days, with many others, including Edward Hunter, whom on this occasion we delight to honor. We understand that the Grand Assembly referred to, shall be preparatory to, and followed by the long predicted, and long anticipated Marriage Supper of the Lamb. It is our fervent desire that all present on this memorable occasion, may be counted worthy to participate with; you, our illustrious father, in the glory and happiness of that "least" of 'feasts," until which time, to our much honored, Presiding Bishop in Zion, wo mutually say "The Lord be with tion of his magnanimous labors in the Interest of the poor and unfortunate, in which capacity thoy also labor, in connection with the Bishops, arranged to give him a sur- George Goddard and Mr8,MaryAJQo,ddard Mrs.E. A. Whitney, Mrs. Maria Carrington, Mrs. Sarah D. Rich and Mrs. Phebe Woodruff. The entertaiument opened by singing, 0 ye mountains high.'I Prayer bv Elder Joseph F. Smith, then tho choir sang "Auld Lang Syne" which in the hearts of those present, recollections al most burled In the past. Miss E. B. Snow then read a poem written for the occasion, and addressed to the Bishop, which we publish on the first page. PO N E N T. ceived by promises as sacred as those made to Abraham. Before the final adjustment of rights and ceremonies is fully consummated, a Grand Assembly will convene, which will be - pre- DEMONSTRATION ; BX . Bishop Hunter then responded to these manifestations of respect to him; alluded briefly to his association with the Prophet Joseph, his pleasant intercourse with Pres. Brigham Young and subsequently with Pres. John Taylor. He said, what can a man do more tnan to lace death lor his friend, this Pres. Taylor has done. He then referred briefly to the organization, of the Relief Society, and the great amount of good which had resulted from these So. cieties; and the positive and apparent results which had been known. Bishop L-- W. Hardy, counselor to Bishop Hunter, made a speech, in which he said he had been intimately associated with Bishop Hunter as his counselor for more than tweuty years, and there had never been an or an unpleasant word oeiween mem. , Mrs. H. T. King then read a poem writ-toiiprcaaiy ror the party, published on tho third page. ,v CoL B. T. Burton then made a short but thrilling speech, referring graphically to the perilous days of Nauvoo. Mrs. E.B. Wells then read a poem addressed to the Blshsp, which will be publlshe4 Julv 15th. Elder George Goddard then gave this brief sketch of Bishop Hunter's life: A brief narration of facts in the history of Edward Hunter, residing Bishop of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Da- y Saints, suggested by the 86th anniversary of his birthday, on Sunday, June 22d, 1879. Edward Hunter was born in Newtown Township, Delaware Co., Pa., on the 22d of June, 1793, where he remained 35 years, and then moved to Chester Co., Pa,, in 1826: after remaining there a number of years, and though not a member of any religious society, he entertained the highest respect towards all professors of religion, being taught liberal and enlightened principle when a boy by his father; ho was a farmer and stock raiser, and leased a piece of land for a Meeting having House for 99 use tho and benefit all of years,for denominational preachers, no matter what their creed In the course of time the Mormon Elders came along, traveling without purse or scrip, and as, true to nature as also to his creed, he opened his house and made them welcome with food, clothing and also the privilege of preaching money in the' School House, though much opposed by the trustees; but knowing the broad and liberal principles upon which the lease was based waa determined igi0,UVuUrpose3-- ho tio them at all hazards. In November, 1810, ho was baptized as a member in tho Church of Jesus Christ of - ill-feeli- ng on "Si Saints, by Elder Orson Hyde, and the following year, 1841, he visited Nauvoo to transact business with the Prophet Joseph Smith, having formed a slight acquaintance wuu mm a snurt lime DOIOre. While there he purchased considerable property, and in September he was or. dained an Elder, by revelationrnder tho hands of tho Patriarch of the Church Hyrum Smith. About this time, he was commissioned by Governor Carlin as Herald and Armor Bearer to General Joseph Smith, which office he held to the day of Joseph's martyrdom. He returned to his home in Chester Co., and in 1812 moved with his family to Nauvoo. In 1843 he was elected a member of the city council, which office he held until the death of the Prophet, June 27th, 1844. In tho fall of 1844 he was ordained a High Priest, and shortly af. terwards a Bishop over tho 5th Ward. , . TT j nero iio remaineu umn mo summer of 1846, when he left and traveled to Winter Quarters, now called Florence, near Omaha, on the Iowa side of the Missouri River, remaining there through tho winter until spring. He was the first man whom President Brigham Young made mention of to take charge of one of the first companies of Latter-Da- y 1 1 100 wagons, and start for the Rocky Moun. ? tain and ooina orf ! r au in 4Vtn wcoicru region oir tuis n..n4.. country; several companies of the same size ; CI - aiartea on the plains that spring, from Win- ter Quarters, and Elders P. P. Pratt and John Taylor presided over tho entire emi- gration of that season. Bishop Hunter's company reached Salt Lake City, Sept. 30th, 1847, and he was appointed In October, 1849, to return to Nauvoo, having with him between $5,000 and $6,000, being raised on purpose to emigrate the poor from that place. In tiiis undertaking he was greatly blest and prospered, not only in the purchase of cattle, etc., for the general outfit, but throughout the entire enterprise, giving great satisfaction to those who had called upon him to undertake it. His left the Missouri River in July, andcompany reached this City in October, 1850. Newel K. Whitney, who had been Presiding Bishop of the Church for many years, died on the 23d of Sept., 1850, and at the following April Conference, 1851, Edward Hunter was appointed, by unanimous vote, as his successor, andono year from that date, at the April Conference, ho was ordained and set apart as the Presiding Bishop of tho Church of Jesus Christ of by Elders H. C. Kimball aud Willard Richards, which office he still holds, making; a period of twenty-eigyears last April; and during that time he has been present at and presided over 379 meetings of the Bishopric in this city. s He still rotainajnuch mental and physical v vigor, enjoying excellent health, take3 great comfort in the use of tho pen, and writes a great. deal; his writing is. known throughout the Territory, and is very difficult to Imitate. He possesses many eccentricities, yet there is no man in the whole community of Latter-daSaints who stands in their confidence and esteem than higher Bishop Edward Hunter, and thero is but one universal feeling and wish entertained towards . m wnrt 41.2,. iL. dniL me com year or nis age, viz.: "a May he II vo as long as he can bo useful to others and happy in himself. Sister Mercy R. Thompson then made a few remarks and related somb incidents of the days of Jfrauvoo and her first acquaint anco with Bishop Hunter; Elder IV D. Bichards spoke quite pathetically of tho friends behind the and said it would not be long ere the vail, Saints would have Jo- Latter-daySaint- ht y F, 