28. THE WOMAN'S. EXPONENT. - 0 KlUfELlVE B. WXIJJI, - - - - Editor. r In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms; One copy one year, $2.00; one copy six months, J. 00."" Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates; Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one' fabllahcd time, 13.00; semi-monthl- y, per month, 3.00. a7lA off Ar annlhov naa hoan Kit'eii iii?if n removed, until woman stands to day on a higher platform than ever beforejn the world's history, with a better knowledge of herself, the object of ..her creatioiand her future des- - Woman suffragists in the world date the beginning of the new era for them to the first Convention ever held, now thirty-on- e years ago in May, 1833, when the dignified and amiable Lucretia Mott, the sweet Quaker lady, expressed in, a very mcde3t manner her views upon the subject, and Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton (now widely celebrated f jt her oratory) made her debut upon the public platform in a few impressive words. The women of the Latter-da- y Saints date the period of a new movement for the higher elevation of woman still faither hick. A few cf tho sisters being impressed that woman's position was not fully comprehended, made known their feelings to the Prophet Joseph Smith, who responded to their wishes and desires by telling them that whenever the Church of Jesus Christ was fully organized upon the earth there would be the organization of tocieties of women. Accordingly, a few of the eisters met and an association was formed, called tho Relief Society. Upon this Society Joseph Smith pronounced great and mighty blessings, many of which have been already fulfilled. He told the sisters they should have great faith to administer to the sick, and to do good in many ways. The '';' SALT LAKE CITY, JULY 15, 1879. STUAY NOTES, a happy thought Just at a particular mo cent. No, one cannot al- ways have a den head to write and reason on a definite subject Cobwebsi will make their appearance, however careful, neat and precise housekeepers may be.for they cannot constantly have a broom in their hands. Women are not fairies, although they ought to be to keep cobwebs out of their brain. Mother liocse tells of a little old woman who carried a broom to sweep the cobwebs cut of the pky, but unfor-tuuatewe women have not the power to re move thos9 much nearer, which dim the vision and make things look askew, or j erhsps things are a little out of place. Granted that women are not as wise as they ought to be, what then? Shall they sit down at home and wait for their hu&bands to come and teach them? If they do, many of them would go ignorant to their graves oi what was going on in the great, busy world around them. It seems to us it is time to wake up and brush away the cobwela that aro far more Injurious than those that hang around the kitchen and garret. Not but that we believe in cleanlinesi, but every housekeeptr has a general renovating time twice a year at least, yet many a poor w oman goes on from year to ear and pajs very j little attention to the cobwebs that muddle and confuse her brain. And if perchance same thought finds expression as to the state of things outside her own domestic circle, and ehe questions why this or that Is to, she is sure to be told by some good friend,that women have nothing to do with thee things, they'll right themselves after a while, or men who understand law, politics and government will attend to all wrongs, acd if they cannot it's no us9 for wcinen (o try. ly half-defin- to take up the heavy burdens of others that they may lead them to a higher range of thought, by arousing their dormant energies and showing them- - their help ia needed not only in the home circle, but in all the departments of life. Yes all. The need of women lecturers and speakers is not only nteeasary in the world, but they are -- .A literal discount to '. regular advertisers! Room of tbe Council Exponent Office, Lower West s- hours BusinesSouth Stieet. House, Temple from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to . Publisher Womaji'b Exponent, Salt Lake City, Utah. One cannot always Lit " taking hold of the work in earnest and with a heroism and faith corresponding to the nobility of the cause they espoused; and slowly STvai ladits themselves did net realize the significance and importance of the movement at that time, but it gradually developed itself. The advancement of women through the spiritual and practical education obtained through this channel has indeed been wonderful; socially and politically, these Societies have been a blessing to the tisters. It would seem peihaps ridiculo'is to some people to say that had it not betn for this kind of practical helpfulness of the women of this Territory, they never would have had the ballot, yet to ve believe; certainly they would not have been so well qualified to step forward ana exercise the privilege it gives them. With all the opportunities now afforJed, and the advantages now offtre J to Roman for fuller development, a wider range of action as well as thought, it is fctrange indted that so many care little lor it; but prefer to go on in the same oil treadmill, and although they aro standing on the very threshold of great events, progression makiog rapid strides around them, prefer to leave all questions of importance to men. If one talks to them on the subject, "Ob, I've no time; its very much against my nature; I don't want the ballot, I can't bear to hear women speak in public," and a thousand other very silly things. But there is one subject that belongs to every woman, and on which women ought to be prepireU to seak and act, and that is education; audhey need the ballot for this, if they would make woman's place as a teacher and educitor wiiat it should be-- in every ed Certain'y not, unle-- s they acquaint thenl-ttlvwilh the subject; but wh gets the blame when society ij outraged by some overt act? Women in almost every instance. Thenfchould they not understand why? Is it not neC3i sary that woman should find tome method cf improvement, that she may keep side by side with her husband? And will any man love his wife less because the is well iLforraed? Don't be afraid of it. Men came practically In contact with the general questions of the day and grow familiar with the- subj-cbut wo-rncn, shut up in the Home circle wilh limited opportunities, allow tbeir faculties to lie dor mant, cr only to emit a spirkle now and then, atwbieh.they themselves are almost frhtened. w ;i Hvems so unusual lo Have a iv thought beyond-wh- at they had been taught wan wouisu'a es t; eject. ICew Hampihiie ever have obtained the 4 sphere. U has tome to pats withiu the Hut forty yeatJthat a few woofen, comparatively, bave marm cut a fcrcade field in which to labor, ' : . right now accorded them iribry-hanot everted themselves, and ma'ntaiutd their ground by the expression of pisitive opinions and facts in public places? If they had not had among them Euch heroic and undaunted public speakers as Lucy Stone, Julia Waid Howe and others whom we have not space to name. But there aro not enough yet of this class of omen, who are fearlees of ridicule, and rendy ... , . Would the women of Massicbuielts .and , d needed beie. How many women have had their lives brightened, their perceptions quickened, their dormant faculties aroused, by coming out and joining the different organizations for tbe mutual co operation and elevation of the sisters that exist among this people. Thou sands at lea3t. And many more might have I r lusnrfa llirhtae. anrl llinlr l.itU stir they would but join the ranks of those who are faithfully laboring to lift up woman to her true positiontand make her indeed a helpmeet to wards establishing peace and ilghteousners upon the earth. The nanus of many noble women here in Zion will be held in honor forever for their untiring labors to lift up, comfort and educate their sisters in the high and holy calling women should fill in tneir mission on the earth. Among thofe who have been earnest and dililabor among the wogent in Latter-damen and children of the Saints we are proud to record Elizabeth Ann Whitney, Eliza R. Snow, Zina P. Young, Mary Ieabella Home Margaret T. Smoot, Sarah M. Kimball, Phebe Woodruff, Elizabeth Howard, Bathehe- ba W. Smith and there are many others whose names are illustrious. 1 9- home-missionar- y y - HOME AFFAIRS. ' Mks. Zina D. Young and MissSusa Young left this city Tuesday July 1, for a short visit to Ban Francisco and the Sandwich Islands. A note from Mrs. Z. D. Young, received on the 10th iLst, informs ua that they embarked on board a steamer from San Franelsco July 7, and were in good health and spirits and send kind love to fileiids. We wish I hern a pleasant atd safe voyage, and trust Mrs. Young's health will improve during her journey. The brethren and sisters of the mission ou the Sandwich Islands will no doubt give them a heaity welcome. Sisters Eliza R. Snow, M. Isabella Horne, Sarah M. Kimball and Sarepta M. Hey wood left this city on the morning train Monday, July 7, enroute for Bear Lake valley and Soda Springs. They will visit settlements Upon the route and hold meetings, and wherever it is practicable organize Primary Afsoe'a'ions. Thay expecS to be in Paris at the Stake Conference on the lGth and 17th of this month, when it is expected & presidency of the Belief Society and Y. L. M. I. A. of that Stake of Zion will be chosen. These sisters will be absent some weeks and intend to visit as many f ettlements as possible. little School book entitled "The Deseret 8un-dj- y Header," is before us. It has been arranged with great care by a commi'tee of the Sunday School Union, and punished at the office of the "Juvenile Instructor.'' J t contains several woodcuts, Including the Kauvoo are Temple. The lessons in poetry and pro-easy, tbe words short and simple. It Is entirely homemade, all the articles for the book furnished by writers. It will supply a want long felt for a work of thij kind, and is deserving the patronage of the Saints in all parts of the Territory. This is the first of a series of books which we tiust will ere long be produced at home for the benefit of the A e well-know- n children. - 