assurance of things not seenj by' faith they arrived in these valleys; they were not then th Jho rich fertile valleys ybuLnow see- they subdued the sterile, barren soil and through the blessings of God succeeded in raaking the wilderness blossom , as the rose, It may yet be said of us in succeeding, generations as it has been said of Moses; iney struck the soil, and it brought forth abundantly, but it has taken years of arduous toil toil that now tells on the con. slitution otthose who have passed through :. it. 7 Timo would fail me to tell, you of the trials of our faith caused by crickets," grasshoppers, droughts,, floods, and also by the persecution of our enemies; but in all we are an exceedingly blest and happy people; and through faith we intend to grow and increase and spread abroad- - till like Abra. ham of old, of our increase there shall bo no mile journey and an extended visit to our friend "Mary," of Grantsville. , Providence seemed to take special charge of us during the day. Every, things that iranspireu appeared to be jlq our lavor. And although our poor baby, was quite sick and weak, the journey though somewhat fatiguing to him, proved beneficial rather than otherwise. "Papa" only remained with us three By-fai- right-eousnes- s, We have shared with the worthies of yore, That we at truth banquet may join them, conflict la o'er." Whn errors great Mary Ferguson. Spanish Fork, Sept. 20, 79, LETTER FHOM LULA. Grantsviile, Tooele Co., U. T., Aug, 12. 1879. Em: Dear Aunt What a World of good is often the result of some simple change in the life of a weak, suffering mortal I chauge of air, change of diet,' change of scenery and of associations; these little things often - work wonderful cures. My year-olboy and myself have realized the blessings and benefits of those" changes, to a marvelous extent, duringttie? past week. JFor more than a month our visit to the country had been talked of. But being un u decided as to what length of time the visit -might extend, (as I still amr) I could not leave home until after the August election. Ho, although longing, almost, for a breath of fresh count rv ntr t starving right of franchise too highly, to throw away "buiv vuauuca oi young ior gooa men as officers, and run the risk of bad ones elected without having made use of thebeing little power I hold in the matter. But the next morning after election day, baby" and I, under the tender guardianship of land, careful "papa," set oat on a forty-five- " d ; : - T d, I-fe- pitable friends. Now, aslcit in the cool, green shade, Writing a promised letter to our dear Expo. nent, listening to the dashing estimate or appreciate its fullrvalueV :" For myself,'; and for my sIstersMn the Church of Jesus' Christ of that we f may ever my fervent5 prayer Is '' have abiding with us, sufficient of the Holy Ghost to enable us to honor the principle and practice of plurality' of : wives, under all circumstances. Then I believe, we shall be able to prove ourselves faithful . in all things. The people of Grantsvilleare lively,good-natureand sociable so far as I can judge had of by the small opportunities mingling with them. This branch of the Relief Society is doing well, both officers and members being ambitious to understand Latter-daySalnt- s, ' day3, just to become convincedthat "baby" was really improving,and with careful nurs. ing would, through the mercies of God, bo all right. Then he returned to the busy, dusty city, leaving "baby" and I to recruit at leisure, in care of trusty -- and most hos- . end. Now my dear young friends you need not think that because we have done so much there is nothing for you to do, you have got to spread abroad; you need not think that the Territory of Utah is going to hold the children of Zion you will have to build up new Colonies. It is for our young people as they aro called upon, to leave lathers and mothers for Zion's stakes must bo strengthened and her "cords lengthened." "Give U3 room that wo may dwell, Zion's children cry aloud." The Scriptures are fulfiling right before our eyes; the wicked aro afraid that we will takeaway their name and nation, but the prophecies must be fulfilled though earth and hell should dare .... oppose. Therefore contend earnestly for the faith delivered in these last days to your fathers that you may be enabled through faith to help bring to pass the purposes of Jehovah; and may the quickening influence of the Spirit of God rest upon the children of Zion, that it may be as a living fire within them bringing forth much fruit unto then can you say with the Poet. "In danger in trials and afflictions r stand who have not received the light of the Gospel. Nor can we, who have - been and splash- ing of a beautiful mountain stream and the song of birds among tho branches over head, I feel a profound symathy for ever so many of my friends and acquaintances, who need just such changes us have come to me in the last week, but are not privileged as 1 am. I think we skould have ono more set of philanthropists in Salt Lake City. Wo have the Sunday School advocates, who see to it that the children and young 'folk's ave spirit1 is manifested at their meetings. The hot, dry season has had its deleterious effects hue ay in other localities, grain and fruit crops being scarcely half as good 2 or abundant as in former-year- s There are but small chances for gleaning or saving up grain in any. way here this ' ' " " season. ' Oht may the Saints be more united and more diligent in nerving God than they have hitherto been, that His blessings may ' have their pleasant "outs" and jolly times at least once a year; and wo have the "Committee ftr the Old Folks Excursion," who, for some year past, havo each summer, given our aged friends and the infirm and the very poor among us, a first class excursion. But there is an intermediate class, belonging neither to the young nor the old, who live in a sort of social starva- - -tion,who mingle with no crowds of pleasure seeking and find no time nor opportunities for recreation, no seasons for refreshment and reit. I refer to that class of over anx- ious.over tasked wives and mothers who "stay at home forever." I will not here enter into details, or attempt to explain tho whys. and wherefores" in the; case. We allkndw:that the. class-o- f wives and mothers I have named is too long. And wo also 'kfnow that if any living creature needs changes, such as I mentioned afc tW begin-in- g of my letter, it is the-mother. Jf they are beneficial to others, not be withheld from them. '- v - - . -. ; J For the F.rposnarr. . ....... AMAZONIAN LILY. Every body is interested in something wonderful and as-- have seen something truly wonderful, 1 will endeavor to present it to you through my eyes. ; I The Victoria Regia, the Amazonian lily, has caused a great deal of excitement and pleasure and thousands of people have been to view this gigantic flower, which has been in bloom in: the Golden Gate conservatory for three nights.: ; The queen lily is the only one in the Gdlden Gate, ana is considered to be tho queen,and is the largest flo wer in the floral !' fcingdoxn. It occupies apartments by itselfj The?Ieavoaare 6x8 ft. in diameter and are a dark J rich s;greon wi th many veins. They :ha ve raised rims and one would suppose the ileaf i would be;they aro of twofold benefit to her. I hope come filled with watery but nature has prowo may some day: have a committee or com. vided for all emergencies" There i is a either self commissioned or aui mittes, groove in the centre- of the 'leaf which thoritatively appointed, to work up this causes the, vwater to run off. There is a subject and make it ono ,of . general, in- tube that furnishes airto nourish this plant Jterest; as others are; and must be if successis of the Nymtbasra class, It no having f fully handled to promote the general good. bulb. This wonderful flower,; when in Here let me 'say, should the .ideas ad- vanced in the.last paragraph chance to reach v . bloom, is a marvel of i loveliness, and Is an Interesting study to those fond of botany. the ears of tho Anti Polygamy worker of When- the bud appears upon the .surface' of Utah, they may gather from them the b- ethe water it resembles a wild rose Ixl shape, lief that I have been making a complaint- -' but very much larger.It 1 requires three in behalf of neirleeted Dolvpamnns days for the bad to matdrd after He appears which would be in keeping with thiri other . on the water, and itfthe everting at 9 p,nx Deiieis expressed by them in relation to' It a loud report, and an our people and their systems an entire odor resembling the pineapple pervades the mistake. As far as my acquaintance room. In Its first stago It Is a cream, white extends.among both polygamous and mon- arid its petal of a 'thick waxy, nature. In ogamous Mormon families, the wives? of its second'stago is blush pink, and In Its .the former enjoy far more freedom, and rose third, red; it blooms butrthree times many of them aro less tied at iiome byn and is eighttimes at always at nighL caros than the latter. faiiiily as ' a rose large and is. very double. In large Polygamy, when properly understood 'IU third ILdoes not :xemaln: open so stage and lived in, certainly lightens the s but withers and dies, and tho seed lonr,' of hom6 work and home cares more to and is like a pea, and inside begins grow than any other domestic arrangements can. the pea is a dry: powder.. This is but one of the least ot its advan- A raised platform has beeru but I should tages; think that almost the to afford a better view of the constructed on the auilest intellect might comprehend this surface "of which repose.these pond, gigantic himple fact. While the higher and holier with their curious raised rims. blessings pertaining to theorder ofplurality The appearance bf.lhe lea ves on the ' water of wives, we cannot expect those to under- -Is far' more striking when viewed by $a 1 s . child-bearin- g ; -- - -- ; -- 1 . ; ivi. - bursts-forthwit- ! ; it r-- It . -- bur-den- - cir-cularle- aves 