i Eights of the Thei WoMOii Of Zion. and thd Rights of the' Women of all Nations. 1 .. Vol. 8. SALT: LAKE; OITYi UTAH ?DECEMBEK .15; 1879, tFor the EirONEHT. thei same hearthstone, and around the same J, 1 K written upon various subjects.1 We aw now writing. ine secona volume. t the ame nappy family may gather around PLEASURES OF LIFE. 4 . Amelia D. Maden Presi ; "Gnristmastree, each sharing alike in the presents of ail sorts with which it is decorr ated, a3 tl)ey shar equally in the love and Tho Paper etiited by the ydungLadies affecttpn alaibt-- eachr'bear the name of the;., of the Fourth Wardj'Brlgham City, Is en-- 4 same father. But, alasi; a very different titled fThe Young Ladies' ;Joumal7 a man-- 1 picture is presented in.xuany parts of. the 1 worhl, Judging irona accounts i which ; ar:1 . uscrlpt, jpuhlishecfiemtonth furnished us by the' newspapers. Christ-- : changes editor; chdselfnrai thesswilatlon i k contains kelect:i readings; eays tipdri; it mas, with its attendant frost and snoip, varibus religious s utJects':a3 also1 "theprlhi'r brings to many naught but increased mis- -, eiples of our religion .and other matter. ,1 ery, wo aud .wretchedness, which beggars i rlurnbrji etc. jetc 4 Orlgihal all description, yisUing the homes of the i ' Poetry, Vnt, tr Mabtita WnEPres poor with terrible want and suffering, piercLettie ttBunx; Bee's ing to the very bones the scantily clothed-- . mendicant on the street, nipping the toes of the poor little homeless, .barefooted ur-- r v NOTES AWU WHJWH.; 'v chins, truly verifying ihe ; lines) qfja poem 8 which I remember once hayf ng read a most bitter lot to be whe ' hf thA; lilshon of Natal7 Is e&U : When I read accounts of so much suffer -- . ii ing and distress, I' can hut fonder if therpl ' , gaged In writing a history of the late Zulu . ..... , Is a mother in the iandlvhp ihas the where- ft with to alleviate ihbTiftiijfeiiiig TnK Hou Rules, author- , whose-heais no tl touched rt ho J f ized BepresentaUveF being, accounts which we hear .of. so ,much iy suffer- tlon for the crtlorioLniuemem and r ing distress, and, especially those, who ;whom shall be rqferreii. M'wMer$ llairo, are surrounded by it. Have people become duced in the JECbusewhich rolate tot wbrrwila hardened to such sights?, or, if not, how suffrage.. . can they go ;okr in their pxtravaijahec, was-- ;; 1 A' Jury op. Women. Mrs. Theresa ' Gueck ingi;for worse -- than 'useless d led recently In Cheyenne, Wyoming Ter. ' which would save the life of a fellow-cjrea- ritoryj under circumstances that ' rendered J J ture; who may be perishing .Jfarl aimorset of bread? . Oh, what inconsistency I x Such a ' I necessary tbe' fmparielingof a icoronet's . state of things as ihisJeVtalrily pannot iixurjr v vxruuuuu, xuiaiv xi, vouroy, juiy. Lizzie A. Abnoy Isabolli WilfordAugusta right, and, I firmly believoVthat when tho Hufschmldt and Sarah Casper : were: sum- - ? nations shall bo fully ripened in iniquity, moned and sworov They? listened rtcbtho these 'things will bo somewhat changed, testimony,and rerfdeTCd a verdict in accord- - i and' thet Innocent will , not have 'to suffer ance with' the fact! i This Is : the first Inwith the guilty. stance in history of corner'&Jury composedii :. . ."Kate. "" . (There are plcasuta 9f iif that fade away, As tho sunset loif of d Summer dar Leaving slight trace tipon heart or brafn, ' And ire scarcely remembered in life again And there are pleasures whose seal is ret ' On the soul too deep to ere forget, ' And are links in the marie chain of life, With its mingled threads of Joy and strife. The scenes of childhood so fresh and fair, In memories' halls the brightest there, : , And pictures that fade not neath saddest fate Are the dear hearth-ston-e and homestead gate. What heart but hath some treasured thoughts, That could not with wealth untold be bought; How deathless the ties of the old home seem Where young lore dreamed her brightest dreams. Is It wrong to turn from the heat of noon , To the morning that faded alas! too soon; forget for a moment the dust and pain, That clog the footsteps and madden the brain . ! ' i , ; : ; . Bright green spots in the desert abound, Sparkling waters too there are found Music steals of t to the listening ear Soothing the heart and banishing fear So do 'we jr - Through every shadow that life may glre; Pause to look mid the hearts deep store, ' For love that blessed us in days of yore. " : 1 -- . . hopi.' ie r ; . St CHRISTMAS THOUGHTS i honored, . world-renowne- ", . ' ; exclusively of .woknen. f Ex i white i f 4 MISCELLANEOUS. e:; r Frivolity under iwhatever form ItaDoaars.." takes from uttentiorr its ; stronth irrau thought itsj originality, , fromU feeling Mta-- . i Stael.T3 earnestnessMadamDo .J. - it that time--' 1 ! : . hnw mnnv ' rla v haV are In a yearr-thre- o hundred ahdty-flv-o "uuwauuivu., jrnremvJ-- inac so?, w ncro PUDil I know s and selections principally on religious sub- - ?. , uht, ; ... ; .? jects. r Your Sisters; i rMlSSl FANNY QllAEni,iPre3.! 1 - -- - r I ) I dof?)9W.ft,eomflIp otp Tho-Cbnntes- a ..i?: nf.u, i, . dn Xfnnfffrt Hfo iNJ : f genie of ranee, could reach the Citynciqia The Y. L. M: I ARRnfltInn of VK.'tf'ftf Ward, Prigham City, ecjit semi monthly. manuscript , paper ; entitled, The Young pnaurday.jlheht Ladles, Gazette, and 'change. Editors wit.t every; numbrj size i, two i shee'tsj foolscap v Church; Th Uy; abounded?, officers arid members papr,epntributers ,tie w . il otthe Associatiou and thiiVftnnVrtVnofk'I Vho.wrjtteT.upon various : ? fYI . 8UDjectS. . , , sJA1i ..: r recelvpfl xrlth " e?hl Tboaeeond Vilamo liinowbcIng.writton ; br.""' ""'-"t ' "iri which jrommenceaiasti June.,,, :r .'M.V.'r thtli yia-v- i ngfbtobfatn anuria 1 $ . withstanding the noise, can look hatipy," .joyous, innocent faces; and nc$ jparf ticipate in their pleasure md enjoyment; and feel in their hearts to offer tip si grayer, of thanksgiving unto God for His innu-- i - .... .j merablq blossingsf ivv t? . OhlUhat all little ones were as: comfort ablo and as well provided for as are the majority of ours in Utahr where the different mothers, all belonging to i We have edited a paper In the Young Ladles Association of the- first Ward, ono year the first of last June. -- It: Is called, "Young Ladies' Star." jit is edited monthly by the different members, and contributed- - This imaginary juveniles, Santa Claus. . is as a littlejJold out personage pictured man dressed in furs, hung with bells, and carrying a huge paclcon his backj containing- all kinds'of toys;, he Is also .represented! as- beings very fond of music-whic- h? Dyt the .way, would not require a great stretch of the imagination to. believe, after seeing the great amount and variety, of musical; instruments which he distributes and list--: ening ton Christmas morning to the confusing din occasioned by the whistles, harps, trum r&ts. etc . efc Tint bells, George. .' " liter aby; work; friend .of the d . Z ;,; ; The wheels of time have rolled' around, until Christmas baa come again the day of all days in the year which is looked forward to by the ''little folks' who have anxiously counted the months, then the weeks, and lastly the days, until it should arrive.. It has como at last, bringing with - ; It may be one. word has cast a lljht, v.. f i Orer soma aoene. elso .dark m Weaving a picture so rich and rare, ' That even the angels might treasure it there In their home of light to fade no more, But live for aye on that golden shore, ' Where we'll find the crown of flowers most bright Was culled in the midst of deepest night. . . . And what are the pleasures that never die, But remain while many pa6s lightly by? " Each one can answer their own heart bestf After times true hand has given the test. ' r -- " . flfliip-htn'- : turn to the oys that live, nlg-ht- t f rf on-thds- &i i Uiri' : : ( chii-dren:- of . f f; - : We edit & paper entitled the 'Young Ladles'. Gazette'. ui. mo xairawara; or: iirlgham City r We chango editor and rcontributora ,rwitii' each ; number, tho v writings are i mostly , original- Bemi-mrtnt- Mv ? f ' AOBiTr:rnart under, thershudow do- feat Is taught how precious are .tho of of- ; jiscs ' an roots aro.i strepgthened: by Its shadow,-so.al- l. defeats inAgoodcauso:aro tutTeUin places on tho o road t0 victory.at laatCharles Sumner i v r. I : k-tre- o'a! 