' SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH; JUNE 1, 1879 Vol. 8. A NEIGHBOR. of With rapid growth o'errtmi the e arrow mind ; tr AlasI 'tis not confined to any place, To aoy special nation, age or race, To check its growth; we all of us have need, To check its growth; let all of us take heed, ' Lest through our prejudice we fail to bo Neighbors to all that need our sympathy. T- - NOTES" AND NBWS, -- -- Juvenile Concert for a the occasion pSriXtow5 benefit, and gratefully dedicated to all ties! Jew or Gentile, that assisted therei par- - K)ne touch of nature makes the whole world kin; Sorrow's a key all sympathies to win. The privilege to tire to all extend. E'en as the dews of heaven on all descend; Of those who much possess much is required. If blessing In proportion is desired; If small our means, if large our will and love, Much will be credited to us above; t'The widow's mite," a gilt exceeding small, Exceeded others, "for she gave her all." When little ones as volunteers enlist The poor and helpless kiDdly to assist, Ah! who shall say 'tis not a pleasant eight, Or check their efforts in the cause of right? Who aids the weary, euccora the distressed, The smile of heaven alike shall on him rest; He shall be recompensed, whate'er his creed, That helps another in his time of heed. d For the Exponent. CEASE TO FIND FAULT. Madame Elizabeth Bonaparte died in Baltimore, Md., on the 4th of 'Aprirjast, years, She was the wife aged ninety-fou-r ; of Jerome Bonapartq, brother of Karblebn ; her maiden A: n arno.was-Itteiio- 1 Victor Hugo is now seY,enty:eight years. old and is la robust health.:: A .Wkof hl3;: ; r oldtime frldnds ilnvited himjq a dinfterflQ; his birthday; served;ia the "CafoiBlebBf int Paris. "He spoke with his usual: vigor and ; y ; i '"J polnt." Williams ba,h0Qa!; elected; Mrs. C. ' President of the ' " - . -- iBtttiOWflk; Raleigh, N. a; la now deceased. , She! la 'said" W 'Kbltiktr placeM woman who ever held that 4ihlthB; office - - United States, About Aihundred and fifty, namesmoAt of them : belonging- - to;: "strong-minded ladios," are: appondedi" to' the preliminary prospectus to the PDlUieal Club fot Womeniilwhich, I heari larakr was inangUTated ing fair way. :rThe project at the close of last yearf- and.; the :intonlou is to open the club in a' cpntralsituatlon - as soon as to u thousand members cfiliall.bave been lectedlThere, ; is"; txai f!litramjaifQer what-iareOicaUe- v d: -- -- and" tholfabseTipiiQn: la'onlyrfiveL- stnmngg, year,' as4t Is desired to .comprieilbprts; - Don't quarrel with your lives? your desgood if you do; but tiny, it will do- you no ' - as your torat her add your unhappltiessjdiscontent will marj your- - faee,:; and -- spoil who your disposition; and more than that, ' -- -- of you would really change your lot for that of another, taking the good! arid the evil together? Dont you think your should, ers better fitted for the burden place4 there than any other one ybu could ' select. One has more of this world'a goods' than another, we have no need to fret for money; but would you change the advantages of a sound and healthy constitution with a bright intellect, for a sickly on arid consequently a mind less brilliant" You" may not see others' sorrows,; but remember every heart krioweth" its own bitterness, then cease to find, fault wlth fatdj-yo- u hiust if you have5 any true philosophy in your nature ; I don t see how you can very well help It. Your fate will follow along-byour side Just the same unless ' you have the power within yourself to change it,: so you might as well be pleasant about it it will materially: help both; yourself Tknd others: then think' more of your blessings, and less of your sorrows and 'troubles'-anthe9 world will be better for your presence, : over-r!ghteo- u3 ; . y -- : " rr arid coriditipns ol women; fjft calculate that If will not ho safo tQperi.u&tjtanjiinfi comeoC250:ia grfarantieecl QticarrDrit next pehses.2i in finding .number ot .clubablQ theioper. as jwibU as; int a ladles in a sense; and . social political! adcial" dabs d or ladles are spyingi all around Iliko:;mushrooms,-frFroing up an English paper. v ?: t J m Tuk een jit JfrAiv". A Xririn journal states'that the. Queen hiety.xd benefit prom her sojourn in Itatyjr On;, jtho 1st ot Spill fihe tobJadvariiag'dralVely iiiuruiug, uj waiii tor a, ,iong .aiawpqoaiong thoihpro'of the lakeacnipaWSd dv the Mncesa,' BcatrtcabLd riattrfdebTH jSh'o waswdressedia:th'o tdost pimmanriori' iii loaterlow black' baelret tekede4ryVHDldi ly;and frbirif time .to; time atoppedlo'dclbiif(i a fiho vie Beforeb e Queent'rirtf04 tt her teoraiyii6 Diirzzo, whereTa iart jit her Grille' IsIckI .VteWoWjWAlifi'd ilrispecte there, Th6ac taklngrth: she decerided, again t6ihe sborObhrifefefiol d . . -- - . E'en as myselff or as the Lord abcve? By Christ Himself, to knit the simplest mind, Past controversy, neighbor was defined. "A certain man,' his name it matters not, Fell among thieves; such was his hapless lot The desperadoes took his all and fied, . Leaving him bruised and bleeding, nearly dead. While thus he lay, all woundedrsenseless, sore, A priest went by and calmly Mewed him o'er, Deigned not to help bo great his priestly prWe, So small his soul, he passed the other slde A certain Levite also passed the place, One of a called and chosen priestly ract Be saw the man, but with averted sight Poothed thus his conscience, that it served him right. " One of Samaria's sons next passed along; He saw and pitied, knowing right from wrong. With oil he soothed tb.e poor wounds, and did cheer With wine bis spirits, faint from pam and fear. On his own beast did set him, took him to A neighboring Inn, and something more did do: He called the host, and as bis bill he paid 'Tend well for me this wounded man ,' ho said ; Soon as I come again, believe me, tir, I'll pay whate'er expense he may incur." Now," said the Savior, tell me if you can, Who was a neighbor to this wounded man?" Ah, what a parable was this to choose A sermon full of meaning to the Jews; Full well Christ knew their zeal, That with Samaritans they did not deal; Full well he knew they did not deem them meet To wipe the dust from off their sacred feet; A double purpose, thus, his words supplied To show man" duty and reprove man's pride. Ob, 'tis a lesson f acred and sublime, And always will be to the end of time 'Gainst cool indifference to another's fate, 'Gainst bigotry, that meanest kind of hat; 0 That makes men monsters, foolish, vaini unjust, even of the smallest trust. : Unworthy For what foul wronti must bigotry atonel 8ince Daniel In "the lion's den" was thrown; Since Christ was crucified; and now, Because another Daniel made a vow Unto his God, he must that vow betray, Or in a prison cell tbe forfeifrpay. ; ' Justice and prejudice are not allied, They cannot live together side by side; . Whene'er In chnrch or cou rt a bigot reigns Justice expires, or but exists in chains; For bigotry is so profoundly blind, Outsidltself It nothing good caa find; Integrity as we3 might hide its face, For Dlgetry ncfer ieet a tingle grace;' S weet mercy, sorrowing, folds her pinions t he r e, Where virtue falls how ean she but despair, 0 blgotryl when this fair earth is freed ., ? From thy control, man-wil- l be blest Indeed; So quickly germinates thy baneful roof, That soon the persecuted persecute; Wrosr fees on. wrong, and hate of every kind Miss Anna E. Dickenson has ecUlc not to visit California ruritifautumn;; The Gospel Founder, truth personified, Hurled all His wrath at sanctimonious pride; His kindest language always was addressed To cheer the humble, or the most distressed.' Blest with the wisest, puresti loftiest mind, His love extended unto all manldnd.'" : A moral standard was by Christ unfurled, Noble and broad "enough to bless the world. 4 Do unto all as ye would have them So Give unto every man the honor due; Do good to all men, whosoe'er they be, As ye havo.nieans an4 opportunity; Give unto those who make you no return, Give when the icdmpense you can discern; The measure that you mete shall be to yoa Measured again, and running over, too" Do good to them that Bate us -- if we can, Like Him we shall be something more than man , Few lore tfc eir foesi few ask ther Father to Forgive their enemies the wrong they do; Ahl if we could this Godlike standard reach, Could we but practice what these precepts teach , Whate'er our faith, we surely would agree In all that claims our common sympatht.J He is a neighbor; whatsoe'er his creed. Who helps another In.hls time of 'need. Emily Hill Woodmansxe. The recent imprisonment Jmpoet-- upon Pres. D.IL Wells. Ages ago was information sought From One who everywhere compassion taught Who is my neighbor? Who, that I should love " " " " i and you will be' able to 'combat "difficulties more successfully and gain1 an experience that wiltbo more advantageous" than the riches of the world that perish "wi th :: and which you can never take1 hence. using, . HEBEB,,May23j-1870- : from England, "where she achieved a cess, over to Paris and Berlin, to flit - -- : r(f "3 r Piihcsre wa to .wasrmed .tho Villa Claraa,U6;oOa'i'er she1 yIslto4 thetaleiThe ': Miss Anna C. Thursbyi wllo orico visited our city with Gilmore's: Band, has ' gone there. she sat down oni a stono'riear4 tHen' atitt'ln excellent Italian r cerSdd'M'sbne1 with them. Tho Queen arid .taken for ordinary tourists HerMaje3tJr 1; suc- 'erigaj-ro-mont- i s Italian, Governmelit; i.?' ry - iuw li'aVoranlsed at oeuiiu leierapnic service ; to f ucuu m lmimaio cominunica -- 