R. 8. REPORTS. gtallstical'Beport of Salt Lake Stake Be. lief Society for, year ending December, '' 1878. , 7 ...... ....... 374 Teachers...... ......... Total officers, teachers and membersrr.1,737 ..... ........... 442 Meetings held 518 Average attendance...... .......i.... ......n. J -- . Church papers reported.... 87 ... by our worthy Bishop, and very appropriate hymns sung by the ward choir. A deep solemnity rested upon the assembly throughto the out. Her remains were followed - grave by sixteen sleighs. The Exponent is always acceptable, and read with great interest by tho sisters. May the Lord our God bless its editor and contributors. I remain your si9ter in the Gospel of peace, Woman's Exponent reported........... 261 On hand at date of last report, cash' $ 236 95 Sarah M. Burton, Property....................... "P ofo?nta CORRESPONDENCE. 9218 88 fnxrMV: v Disbursed 1ifil ' Cash ' ; Property $1939 81 Emigration Temple......... Home Industries... 57 90 107 93 Books 102 85 538 83 Building Indiana.... 550 90 , 175 30 95........... 7515 27 Missionary........... 150 25 On hand 547 hand to purchase wheat............ ..$358 00 Through misunderstanding some of the secretaries sent in Quarterly Instead of Yearly report?, which quarterlies are (not included in the above, except the wheat, . : which is n. full. ; It would be exceedingly commendable if the secretaries in the different wards in the Stake would procure for their use the that aro frr snTa at tflft TY . ponent Office, and pay strict attention to nvtritoft Vtlanb-- The manner la which the reports are sent In now causes Rtfllrft if- fillinc In tho snates nrnnerlv. , ., torlw lmrkn1htn.fnr. thft Secretary to make up her report so as to be satisfactorily presented to the Quarterly - 4r Kii Conference. Elizabeth Howard, Evanston, Wyoming, Jan. Editor Exponent: Sec'y. 24, 1879. The Evanston Ward of the Summit Stake was visited by Sisters E. It. Snow and E. Davis on Nov. 14th, 1878, and under their auspices our worthy Bishop, Wm. G. Burton, organized a Belief Society, with the iol-lowi- ng officers: - Hannah Burton, President. Amelia Cashmore, ) Counselor. Mary Whittle, Sarah Maud Burton, Secretary. Hattie Huff, Treasurer. Also four teachers, with a roll of thirty-tw- o officers and members. Sister Snow Imparted to the sifters Im portant counsel for their guidance.1 The visit of Sisters Snow and Davis Will be long remembered by the sisters of this ward as a time of refreshing to their spirits, by the rich outpouring ot the Spirit of our holy religion, and since which time the sisters of the ward have held weekly meetings for V general purposes, and also in visiting the sick, especially tn looking after our how departed sister, Hannah Carpenter, the notice of whose demise has been published in the Deseret News." She had .been confined to her bed for many weary month's, but she Is now gone to rest to await the trump of the angel of the resurrection. Her funeral was attended by about the largest concourse ' of people' In Evanston. Our own, mqe ting house beirrg tcwmalh the'RevMiiA of the Presbyterian Church kinalv lnanptl' V hi3 church for the funeral service at which a very impressive discourse was delivered '", 1 ' Secretary. " ...S852 20 .... 237 50 732 05 ToDoor. for mail routes and Post Offices to be established throughout the settlements. Bishop Tinney; visiting Prescott recently, said he never was treated ulth" a more hearty wel. come to - the hospitality of the Governor and Mr. Beach, Editor of the "Arizona Miner,11 who has visited the Mormon settlements, and whose acquaintance we made on our arrival at Sunset. He also expressed himself favorably. Now I know you would like to hear something concerning the United Order in those settlements at Sunset and Brigbam City, They all eat at the big table. We stopped there two days, and gladly accepted an in. vita lion to dine with them; we found every, thing orderly and cleanly, and plenty to eat. Through-th- e courtesy of Bro. James we visited the milk house, which Woods, was superior to any I ever saw, and also the kitchen and bakery, which were arranged so that threo or four persons could do the cooking for a hundred, or more, Those who do not wish to unite in this order, of things have, the privilege. of or settling where they choose; them to locate tho land enable this will much faster. We have received several copies of the "Deseret News containing an account of Apostles Pratt and Smith's visit to the East, which was very interesting; and also an account of the Mass Meeting of the held in the Theatre, which caused onr hearts to rejoice exceedingly, and say there are thousands of noble women whose hearts beat responsive to the defense made by their sisters on that occasion. Jan. 4th. All well. Wo have Sunday School and meeting In all the settlements. There are about a hundred families who have come in this winter all well, and have had a successful journey. With love to the brethren and sisters I remain devoted to the kingdom. Woodruff, Arizona, Dec. 28, 1878. Mrs. E. B. Wells: Dear Sister It is with pleasure that I again have the privilege of addressing a few lines to my dear old friend, Editor of Exponent. I appreciate the privilege of corresponding more than ever, because I have not been able to write in consequence of having had sore eyes since we stopped traveling, which is about three months. I have not seen a No. of the Exponent later than July. I should have written for it to be sent here on our arrival, but not being permanently located, and no regular mail to this place, I have waited until the present, hoping to gain a knowledge of the country and the circumstances controlling the organizing of settlements; and having remained here for three months on the public road running through the settlements on Little Colorado, leading from Camp Apache to Prescott, the Capital, as there are a great many enterprising gentlemen looking after the development of this country, I have had the, opportunity of hearing the opinions of a good many, which have been favorable, now I feel willing to give mine. Arizona is a better country than I expected to find, and X believe it to be the best that the Mormons have ever settled since they were driven from their homes in Missouri. Notwithstanding the country is wild and romantic, there is a sacred, peaceful Influence brooding over this land, which betokens the guardianship of. holy angels, and the many ancient relics that cover the land give evidence that a mighty nation once; dwelt here; and that this land has been held In reserve for the' Saints of the Most High is a consolation, to those who have left their beautiful homes and friends to build up the waste places of Zion; for everywhere that the Eternal Priesthood has bowed the knee and left their footprints upon this soil the earth gives evidence of the blessing of redemption sealed upon it, , per-son- s. co-operati- ng ( sis-ter- s, -- which willcontitiue to increase until it will not only abound with flocks and herds, but become a fruitful field, abounding also with1 the cities af the Saints, where the voice of thanksgiving and melody shall be heard, and the earth thall bo made glad and reecho the praises of God because of the in- habitants that dwell upoaher, even as the . : ancient Prophet has said. An additional proof of the blessing attending the settling of this country is the good feeling and welcome. that our people meet with from the Indians and Mexicans; our children will)loarn their language and teach them the plan of salvation. We have' free schools, and they seem inclined to learn tho English language. Men hold. 'lnsr responsible oosltions in the Territory. Gov. Freemont and Members of the Leeis.;p ratare. naveXDressed thfimsplvea favnr&r blo'to bur people colonizing the country and organizing counties and electing their qwn r officers. Tho citizens havo sent, petitions : W. East. Woodbuff, Ricn Editor Exponent: : Co., Feb. 3, 1879. We are a small settlement, yet we are trying to do what we can toward building up the kingdom of Gcd on the earth, realizing that the time is short How little time have we, as Latter-da- y Saints to spend in pride and folly. It seems to me, when I think of tho destitution there is among the Saints of the Old World, that we as Saints should put aside some of our unnecessary expenditures, and see how; much might be saved towards gathering the poor. It may look to us a smallto matter, but I think it would amountLet quite a sum in the course1 of a year. the , us, as Daughters of Zion, awaken to duties that rest upon us, and perform these obligations faithfully in the fear of the Lord,, Praying fox7 the. welfare of the daughters of. Zion, I remain your sister in the covenant of truth, Lorinda IC Allen. : Refinement. Refinement stidiousness. It is always allied ' Is not fato- - simplic- ity and a judicious and tasteful employment of the means for. good aud happiness "u di- which It has at command. It seeks to vest itself of superfluities, and aspires continually to the utmost possible purity. Motherhood .will bo woman' crowning most joy, her life's purest enthusiasm "and ' perfect expression. ,.' 