Vol. AN. 1, 1879. ;SAIiT...:LAKiS CITY, UTAH, 7. And e'en the canon's rocky soil To man her sllyery treasure yields." For the Exposkkt. WOMEN OF ZION. . sons to pay Their homage to its hundred years! And welcomed to the natal day The titled guests of both the spheres. But we, the outcast heirs, must wait, "', Disowned, despised, without a voice In her proud hall, "outside the gate," While strangers at' the feast rejoiee. . 141801 r-- r " ; ;l .. The project of a railroad across New- foundland, that would shorten by one. thousand miles tho ocean voyage from America to Europe, is being agitated. Among the incidental benefits of opening such a is named the vast deposits of copper, iron, coal, nickel, lead, and other minerals, unu uiq cm uiruugu mo iiiiiiiuujje pine anu spruce forests of the island. Ex. Xhe, Eleventti Annual Convention of tho rail-wa- y, JNationai vyomart eunrage Associauorr wiii be held in Li ncol n Hall, 9 p nd D streets WashlngtonJD. C. the 9, and 1 0 of this Tho Association invite women from all parts of the Country. Letters .for the Convention should. bo addressed to Cor- Sec. Mrs. Matilda Joslyn Gage, care cf Ellen H.Sheldon No. 7, Grant Place .Washington.- The Convention is one which: we feel greatly interested in and trnst that the struggle now being made by the braVe-hearjwomen; of Amerjea, toprotrioto tho elevation of tho sex apd bringawpman up to the side of her brother mania? a help mate and all that j pertains to the best interests of both may reult in victory; and that .when woman has the ballot month NOTES AND NEWS. 4 I t would severely tax the memory of "the oldest inhabitant," to" recall a more d and wide spread itornj than that of last week. .From all parts of the Middle Atlantic and New England Stetes,; as welt as the St, Lawrence Valley, come V. . of itsravages. ..; & A train was wrecked at Sewall's Falls, on the Montreal Railroad, on the night of tho and on the Central 10th, by a Vermont Railroad a train was throwu into the gulf of an undermined culvert near Bar. tonsville, killing instantly two persons' and fatally injuring 4 archer, while several others received serious injury. ihe destruction of railroad and highway bridges by .freshets ;waCenormous. All the large riveTcourses Were the scenes of the greatest damage. Tho Upper Delaware and Susquehanna were swollen many feet above their highest water-marIn the State of New York thelludsonand its tributaries Inundated the towns on their banks, inflicting immenso loss, destroying canal locks, large and small vessels, barges and dwelling-house- s, and sweeping from wharves and docks all kinds of movable property. Hundreds of families have been rendered tempo distress-ingaccoun- ts f. wa-m-out- Andfrom the India's heatbentrands Wholeft the idol and the cross, Dawn by the GospeFs sacred spell, To follow Christ; nor couBt H loss To do His will, wbate'er bef eL ' Of those who rank had laid aside, Arid choosing God's high mysteries, Vi With bleeding feet crossed deserts wide, day by day Drawing their hand-cart- s Through Wind and rain and bitter snows, TI1, famine-etrickby the way, comrades . Their graves like furrows rose. ea co-partne- rjn - ; this great nation, there may bo a diminution of grog shops and dens of infamy "that bye and bye" there may bo a reign of peace on the earth. ' through-ou- t STATISTICS OF WOMAN Fleeing before a mob's decree, nave 'neath the bleak sky given birth ;; non-produci- ng up, together , from three tb thirty'-fl-v Railroads Tho Mississippi Inches. are generallystf ucifed was bridged by. Ice at .Rock Island, ,- -. ' - -- t j. - ; .v. 19, 187o." .. Bog iqn Mass, Petitions tor the Sixteenth Amend ment should bo sent as "early as ' possible to ,, Mrs. Sara Andrews Spencer, Washington, D. C. ' busi- ;to;ttea: ;. V "retired from , m Boride America's dead sea 7 w,: leaving a heavy fall of show on the southwest coast of England. On the twelfth the known for years preheaviest snow-storvailed through Central and Western Mis-sur- i, Iowa 'Snfr.Ksas., J,Th"e depth varied . with-1,78- ness," 5,691 "infirm," and 5p5,?p5;cbUdren under, fifteen years of age, the item extraordinary of 328,198 housewives.;; Apropos to this fiction that the housekeefjGrs nr "supported class, comes1 the Journatof one 68' who Dlieyed day's work by,a in the seventeen' hour few,,'and 'wtTo never struck for higher wages thai her Iwardand clothes. "Rose at 4.30f skimmedHno milk fed the chl6keris, got breakfast ready at six. Dressed the baby, wasKed tie dishes made the beds, killed the chfckins'baked ironed, got th dinner.' Af(er dinner went to the and rarily homeless. The storm extended across the Atlantic And cradled Jn their wagons rude, Booking o'er trackless prairies wild, Bach breathed the free ail's balmy mood, And grew to manhood, God's own child . And can the souls thus forged In fire Of outraged laws and human woes, E'er wear the bonds of tyrant's Ire, And all their mountain freedom lose? LABOR. The Massachusetts report of statistics of labor, In many respects a valuable and interesting volume, makes one extraordinary mistake. In summing up the or independent classes in Massachusetts; it counts k. Heritage of ancestral lands And ships at sea they counted nought, But kneeling on the barren rands, ;; Of t on dry crusts His blessingr sought. And women, driven from their own hearths, ! Their weary pilgrimage did end; ' And in the desert's heart set free, man did find a friend. In the red And from the parched and salted ground Invoked' the slumbering life to wake; And from the mountains old and brown The hidden crystal spring! to break. ' Then answered to the hand of toll ' Fair garden homes and forest fields; ed ' .. ;1 - is-truct- ive I saw, among the multitude, To heirs Of our grand liberty; Princess Alice of England,.died on Saturday, December 14th, of diphtheria. The grand duchess was the. third child and sec-- " ond daughter of Queen Victoria. She was born Aprir25, 1843. Her father, the lato Prince Albert, died on Saturday, December : -- Have patriot's children right to speak? Hare martyr's children right to pray? Then we, the hunted, hated, weak, , Something in our own cause may say . Shall it count nothing unto us irni!MrM fonff ht and died That rair For our land's libertr, because : f Our creed from their's may differ wide? I saw, and knew the histories' The grand duchess of. Hesse Darmstadt, -- How proud the nat.!on Women from every Christian land- E'en from the island' solitudes, Was the only wo man who ever enjoyed the franking privilege in ibis republic. April 3, 1800, after her husband's death, Congress gave her free use of the mails during the rest of her "life. And men and women, foes at heart To what these women dared to speak. Heard truths that pierced them to the heart, And drove the quick blood to the cheek. Remember, then,0 ye, vbo heard ; Words ZIon's daughters spake that day; t Nor hush the impulse that they stirred,. Oppreesion's cruel hand to stay. Augusta Jotck Ceochmion. Dec. 8, 1578. to-da- y, . Martha Washington f But scarce these blessings are secured t Ere those we could not dwell among, . we have endured, Ignoring all With envious eye and venomcd long uc Survey the scene, and with well feigned , and of fear, Sense of shocked-honor- , domain broad our Issue throughout here. crusade A call for holy But undismayed, and trusting Him Who led them through the trial-pat- h, the eye might dim Though memory-pang- s Tbey heard God's praises in man's wrath. Nor feared to speak, though well they knew What test their words must undergo; But strong in heart, with. purpose true, Their reasons for their faith dared show. And brave as their colonial sires, Who cast aside the British yoke, The smouldering embers of the fires, Patriot and martyr, in them woke- - Where fifteen hundred women thronredi To aniwer back a listening world A people br their kindred wronged, 'Gainst whemmcn'a bitterest threats were burled; 'Qaiuat whom all bearta did seem at war, From women at their firesides cheer To men whom nations rulers are I, listening, their words did hear. Here, where from persecution's migns The poor, Or titled exile; found A borne, and did In lore unite, And by most solemn pledges bound, v Bj legacy their country blessed With right of 'life, liberty, And the pursuit of happiness" To their f ree-bo- rn posterity. Ere yet haye passed away from earth The last sons of that century grand, The sacred record loef worth, And "mlirht. not riirht." UDliftS the hand. And while scarce yet hare died away The word our patriot grandsires Bpake, Their iugrate heirs ignore, And Btrlre the sacred will to break. No-15- ' milk, washed the dishes fed .tfce,. xhickens sewed buttons on' tbe liuspantj's' shirts! mended the stockings: watered, the' house- plntSjCrimpedJbe ruffles On'babys Sunday irpcK, ana left Off at 9.30, having forgotten nothing that ;otigi!t to riave beendono except patching the Vhblo in ihb'mitten.'W ! " 