W0 M A N'S a 8. Millett, IN MEMbltlAM. Sister Diantha Morley Billinga this life at Provoon theeyenlngof Maydeparted 14 at fifteen minutes to ten o'clock. 8he was familiarly known as "Mother Billings," and was truly a mother in Israel, beloved and respected by all She was amiable,entle, tender, benovol lent and her kindneas and deeds truly of extended to the stranger, is well as themercy friend or neighbor. Hhe w.s bo u August 23, 1793, at AUi In theyear 1816 he, with herMontague relatives' movedRto KMld, and Ume was married to Bill.rgs with whonr she passed her married life mo t happily. JPatriaich Iaaac Morlev (now deceas d);jier hustand and herself weie among the first Kiitland. It at the hou. of her brother, Isaac Morley, that he Cambellite meetings were held previous to the advent of ;the true faith, whichk away Sb, was an Intim et Jo8eph 8mith 4 also a bapt-2d-l- p r Kimball, Bishop N K. Whltuev of nrt 7 u -- If I - 1 . n Bled at Siuth Cottoa wood, SH Lake Co. April 10, 1879, Xucy C'ay ton Bullock, born at ;Farrington, Lancashire, Engiaud, 26th of March, 182!). She was baptiied intj the Church of Jesus Christ in lb37, being one of TtheBrstjLatfer-daSain-ti baptised In Kng came to Nauvoo in 1842. land, and 'She received the ordinances In the Temple I at' Nauvoo;, and married Elder Thomas Bui- -' wrath of man to praiM Him, the rest He will rentialD; und ihui we find it the cate In every , lockJanuary ; 23, 1&46 - - ''ihsrAn(iiK',',"i" Our to alied Christian Jadiea meeting to. to combat Galestial geiber to rone- el MarriagH? E'en thst? who tit Jn dirkness and the shadow of deith, marvel when' they read, and become more anxious to find out the why and wherefore-o- f the case which' nas become the theme of o much discuVsion,rand( search to understand the matter more' thoroughly, and then truth comes to the surface and many honest in heart wi;i iearn the tng loif jpeice, and walk therein, ;:I n jofce when 1 J read my paper, that we have so many jnoblev 'honest, gocd women in our midst, who wiiF-beathe lion In his den for truth and rfghteoti and I ft el to say,God, .bIei ydu ro jr'isters; keep on in ihe good work,' 'sound theriruinpet to the ends of the earth,' that 0o5alea in - - Was the only woman who saw the blood of the Patriarch, Hyrum Smith, after his martyrdom In Carthage jail; and was driven from Nauvoo by the mobbers, in Sept., 1846; moved td Winter Quarters, where she lived through the winter of 1847-8- ; emigrated to Salt Lake yall6ywhere she arrived September 22, 1848. She was set apart as first counselor to the president of the Relief Society of Soutji ward arid officiated as a midwife successfully for ten years. During the last thiee months she suffered greatly from dropsy and other complaints, and died on Wed ne diy, April 16, at 12 45 p. m. without one struggle, or a groau; surrounded by her husband, their child en, and a few of her numerous friends: being wprn out" by her labor, aged .59 years aud 26 diys, and having a glorious hope of the coming forth in the morning of the first resurrection, to receive her crown of reward, and eternal life with the sanqtlfled, redeemed by the Lord Jesus Christ Com. mt-asure-s 1 Cot-toawo- od d ; Zion, we wilt obey hia behests, helpght her battles, for be it known error is inferior to her sister truth, and consequently, must bend and do her homaget for it is God decreehtther it is error In marriage covenanU: or In any principle which relates to our: eternal, happiness. Truth must eventually be the Mctor. Kichmond; May 1,1870. IN MEMORr OF: moU3SmUti; sisters .of Bled, March 20. 1879. at Oak Creek, Millard Co. Utah, of dropsy CarJie E. Lymau Callis-te- r, beloved daughter of Amasa M. and Eliza M Lyman in the 28th year of her age. She leaves a baby 12 days old, and numerous friends to mourn her loss. The deceased ws born August 1, 1651 ; in Salt Lake dty, and was highly esteemed for her many estimable qualities of heart and soul: She was exemplary in her daily lifeand In principle a Saint, always ready to do every- to aid and assist in the work of the kiug-dothing ofGud. Though her friends will miss her congenial society, they cn have no cause to regrt, for sbe has goee where sin and suf. VV exteiid A is well. our to the mother and braved family,ympit.hles bQt for her "" a l Tr A-"U'ioy, ana tbe rot iwi remaimjiu frfr thVlafthwi: : 1 .i x tiiasfdpbary-rCon- n. of Vermont April 9,1879. f fi&aa a tf& TecetiorfrrefbrmV and over eighty years grand presents, masicr a part of:th6enibrtainniQnVcc bride's loaf-cakrf5- 1 m rAZZriai " kXi ux. frienda elGMntlvrnmm2iKvi, the .pyramid; rtistfcaliy ffnlaticd' 'with a bouquet of frosting tho cluster hnvlng two faceamadooTfrdting to e and groomi'On one represent - true-Latter-da- y the-brid- 8Tidfe; St ietteriuiArfeq, and In Julia E. Smith married !Aprir9i-i&7the otherslde:, ,b m i IiwOlJs thrpisplJJl9 JnNtfae ; OBITUARY. -- to write any thing Ilk felt competent - a most exemplary years. Her life has one and "worthy of imitation. Her name will ever be held in. honorable remembrance, and she will be esteemed as a woman of God. bet-- rr ill my more gifted fiaiers, loy pen to help fill5 up ft paper, the WOMAN'ff self is significant of allfgbbxlrcWJqc we not as women t proclaJmxaInjiinj&itice, clamor for redress, earijeitly contiid far our rights, eo long denied - to womankind; Mund aloud to the world1 that v'6w4 womanalera, the time when she is beginning- to comprehend her true position slie by side -- with ' rnkdi her brother, companion, and tfrlendrnotmaateh That he Is a helpmeet, to help on the work of redemption. Tte Lord our God vfias revealed thtse things through our worthy bfblfier and prophet of .the 10th cehtuxy, rJoseplij8mith. Therihall we fear niau or womarij whatsoever they hhali strive to dp agsirst ,thfa ikiag'a'om? No, verily rioi They: lit)ie;.kbbXwit!iidm tney are contending, tne Lord oa AJrxilghty, or methinkg they would hide their heads for very shame. Can they not aVe the. Xo'rd is workiug with ihe nations? .jiaX"turrnoila, trouble and dis ress do we read oriti every quarter of the globel .t; ; !:?: God bas sild through the mouth of his servant, the prophet, that tie wo'uld jpake the ' self-sustaini- ng ... :?5i . Nancy B. Hiaas, Bec'y. Dr. Romania B. Pratt delivered a short and Mid-dleto- BUT. :and jpiud by the'mbbs that arose in "thjit; Stite against-th- e. Joints. Her' husband waV; nj Cfawfe d River battle and stood beside A ppstle Pavid H. Patten when he fell. Sister Billings nadved to Nauvoo about the same time asthe Prophet Joseph Smith, ar.d while there was blessed and set apart to administer to the sick and act in the capacity of nurse, in which, calling she has been tklllful and reliable, until her health rendered it impossible for her to act the part of an accbUcher longer. She with her husband and family emigrated to Utah In 1848, and were soon after called upon to go and help bui d up settlements In SJaopete County. They returned to Prbvo ia 1864, and in 1866 Bro. Billings died. Sister Billings has bten a Wfdow for thirteen Pres. interesting lecture to a very large audience Friday evening May 9, in theOgden City Hall. Elder D. M. Stuart made the opening prayer, and afterwards introduced Mrs. Pratt to the assembly. The lady read a few written items on establishing a Woman's Medical Hospital and then addressed the people on that and other subjects connected with the knowledge of medicine and surgery, from which we make a few extracts: "knowledge feeds aud fattens on iUIf, The Lord helps such as do an they caa, thejv trust in Him. It is good to become and have a complete knowledge of some branch of work. Our young ladles ought to become informed upon these matters, that they may be jgood 'ml)tb wiToY tne future race. Woman must work' her way up to the position she desires to fill la life; and her mission as a mother is a sacred ohe Kurslng is , a profession to be studied, one which needs preparation; a training school for nurses should be associated with a hospital. Elder Stuart" expressed his interest in the subject, and said hecouldsee howit could be sustained whAn the programme was fully made out, be favored the institution aud would aid it. Sister Snow said she had done much to favor this object, but still felt interested. We are laying a foundation for the Kingdom ef God which embraces all creeds and all peoples. The need increases a the time advances, all that we do in the right direction will result in good. Eider n considered the subject worthy of attention, he disapproved of women employing men physicians; ha thought a hospital necessary and would help to sustain everything that helped to build up the Kingdom of God' 8. M. K. N Billings were;atn6hg the first Saints nieved fcemi-raonthl- Harriet O r4 are trying to do the. best we can in the great work of the latter days. We were organized Feb. 10 1S7P, with Harriet Mlliett, President, Emily Deojjll and Mary Aired, Counselors, N. B. Iliggs, Secretary. : t We bavo a Y. Jj. M. J. A here in good cony dition; they bold tbelr meetings We have bad some sickness and death among cur children, which we feel deeply to regret, but must acknowledge the band of the Lord in all things. Your siateis in the covenant of the everlasting Gespel, ; EXP ' 9 -- "Oood wishes f MfaS " "Z"'-- ' z.o:x.l;':. On toSirtmieipalr J ulU th brkrraW A.iPt&kei Emkln. , " "J " f ' " aafjj7 T . -- x;a Lady joking IboutWosoVsald: I . rpotWng;;tlaha "... 