SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 15, 1870. Vol. 7. For the Exponent. WE CAN. q What wealth of intelligence reigneth In manhood's awakening power; What purity crowneth our maidens, Like th' freshness of opening flowers. Ob! the young folks, our hope, who are taking First, parts in Ufa's beautiful "play;" Death comes and selects, oft the brightest We ean 1 ear Jt there's no other way. The kindest and truest companion The fendest and gentlest friend. At w dee loss every prospect seems blighted, Life's interests all suddenly end: Such are called, and half blind and bewildered, We rise from the groveling dust; We stagger and reel, but we gather And stand, for we can when we must. The leaders of people and nations The men whom we value and prize, And look upon as without equals, " So noble and gifted and wise; They leave us, and yet we press on wa rd , As earnest and seemingly strong; There is no standing still for the people, We must and we can move along. We can Jive, though bereft of the blessings, Which seem more than half of our lives; . Lllv. STILL' A young friend asked me what we should do "if Congress, or the Supremo Court of the United States, should take us in hand so earnestly as it dppears they intend to do?" by opening the Bible and reading from the fourteenth chapter of Exodus, thirteenth verse: "And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the Lord, which He will shew to you This is the way I feel, I said. If the Lord, wants U3 to make any particular movo in the matter, more than wo have already done, He will let us know. Otherwise, we will "stand stilt" We will at least show our enemies that we have more patience and politeness than somo of their party possess. We will listen while they are speaking to us and of us, no matter how absurd their expressions may seem to us. And that is more than some of our accusers I answered to-day- ." , in this city are willlng.to da At the Wcman's Mass Meeting held in the Theatre, two ladies of the opposing party took seats directly back of where I was sitting. And when Miss Snow in her; remarks said, "As true and loyafAmerican one of citizens we . claim the right," these ladies obscrvod, in a tope loud enough to be distinctly heard, "Not very loyal!"; Farther on In her remarks Miss Snow rework as being esferred to the Latter-datablished "upon the principles of purity, -- y Righteousness!" Thus the speakers remarks were commented upon, until she spoke of the feelings of sympathy instead of revenge which she felt for those banded together in our midst to wok civil, and who are trying to measure arms with the Almighty. Then came whispers from the ladies behind me, of "Let's go!" And they did go. Instead of listening Jto the Mormon women's vindications and explanations of their faith and practices, and why they held . to them, these ladies arose and left the house before the first speaker had concluded her remarks. This is but one of a great many instances of a similar kind. And such are the characters who represent tis, or misrepresent us, as disloyal, unrighteous and everything bad. They do not know us, and they refuse to hear us tell what wo are. But we can afford to bear with them, and when wo have nothing to say or do for a little time we can "stand still and seo the salvation of the Lord." L. G. Fu ; Apropos to the decision of the Suprcmu Court refusing a woman the right to appear before it In a certain place tliero were nine old owls who sit all day on a bench and looked very wise. They tried a great many hard cases and listened solemnly to the chattering of magpies and the cawing of crows and the twittering of tomtits. But one morning, when the blue jay came in and asked them 1 TIME. It is divided into three grand divlsicnsviz., the past, the present and the future. The the mind that retains so vividly the knowledge of all our past thoughts and actions, does Its duty faithfully in this regard. It brings to mind the bitter remembrance of things that are past and connects them with the present and the future. It makes them live through all time, and may, perhaps through all eternity. It shows us all our. failings, all our imperfections, and joints out to us wherein wo have failed to como up to the standard of our expectations. It is therefore necessary that we remember the past, to make us not unmindful of the present, and to better prepare us for the future.1 There are some things wo would not forget. Memory may bring many pleasant recollections, that we are as anxious to retain as we are to forget all past trials and disappointments. There Is In every one's life some bright oasis to which memory will revert with gladness, and linger on, as a sweet strain of music to the weary. heart. The present is noC We cannot live in time that Is past, nor in time that 13 to come. We actuallyllive only now. It is now we must bend all our energies to malrvY. life a grand success. .Now we muf and toil for the ' crown of rew-- -anxious to gain; now ill&SION. struck, the Eoil turnec. good deeds sown, lf;E conjoint meeting or vest. It Is now Y'ssociations of future usefulness CITY JAN 1879 niEllTir, .L is our life; it all other thing brothers and sillers, we were we will enre, 0I1 tho earth, for a purpose, of it. -- -- r PrtfaVQ a missiori to perform. It our own and itof each of ag to Understand that of it we. cau.ve have been told by many ol deeds, pleascmen) that the noblest spirits woro In our power,? , Junk. - "r' THE WTISE OWLS. For the Exponent. use; r TT ; Time is a measured portion of duration. The bbies, the youths and the maidens, Even parents, and husbands and wives: Our ITopDCla, UiOccu, uiuy Vv toavui And we bow 'neath. the chastening rod, 'Till the blessed, sweet Comforter cometh We can do without all but our God! "STAND past, it. will be one wo will charge memory to retain. Of the flowery future wo know nothing, but dream much. It istho' place where imagination loves to live. It is where we look Tor the fulfilling of all our fond hopes and bright dreams. It is where we expect the grand scenes' of life's drama to bo enacted. What bright hopes and rosy dreams wo have of tho future. God grant they may all" be realized, JL. peace and righteousness," when one of the ladies at my back echoed, "Purity! and The dearest of all precious treasures. The pet and the pride of our hearts , What sunshine and sweetness and gladness Its heavenly presence Imparts! Our darling will stay with us, surely; For ita future we lovingly plan; We "couldn't keep house" without Baby-Y- et It goes, and we find that we can! No, 20. to hear her, they all hooted in horror and cried out, "Go away, you are a female!" Moral If you wish to succeed, do not be a femaIe.-- A fable by Lillie DovereuxBIake. Now that' the Supreme Court have admitted Mrs. Lockwood, to practice before that honorable body there is a good1 chance for Mrs. Blake to write another fable with a moral, and as her efforts in that direction are certainly very pleasing we hope1 soon t; NOTES; AKD NEWS. ; VJrnOiNrA F. Stephens, of SpringQeld, Masfcy edits an amateur monthly' paper cn- tftled "The Springfield Joker." Mrs Belva A. Lockwood Was admitted to practice at the bar of tho United States Supremo Court on tho third inst. Ex; One of the courses of Cambridge lectures to women this term is to bo giyenby a ladyMiss Crofts. The subject isUU.English history. Ex. Petitions have been received by bath branches of the Michigan; Legislature for the admission & girls to tho Agricultural College, on equal footing with boys, anrUj mako females eligible as school offic'great ana of God upon THE Suffragists of Indiana 00 crowned In the beforo their Legislature tho Iamb, while those memorial prepared r taking part shrink Suffrage Associating wm aiso reaP tno reward of the Hatrw uceusaone m tno ooay, and will receive only what they have Justly earned. May wo who are here this evening put on the whole armor of righteousness, and battle bravely to overcome sin, and establish a reign of peaco on tho earth, and that we may receive all the glory, we "are capaclta. ted to enjoy, is thoj prayer of your sister. - -- ; . I: In. Maey A. Freeze. No man has come to truo greatness who has not felt in some degree that his lifo belongs to hl3 race, and what God gives him Ho give3 him for mankind. Phillip Brooks. 4. I.4 , 