' WO UWW 14 stretching away in the dbtance, 'the'fieldt of Wheat, o&ts, and corn, and more abundant than ;&H theeepa Scattered along the road, a few miles apart are " J "Willow Springs, Anderson Creek," Oregon Allen and Bro. Settlements; String Springs Mansfield pointed out the old town of Portage where the people first tried; to b'u lid up the town. Showed us the trail from one chain of mountains to the other acrose the en tire valley, Where the Shoshone Indians hare been accustomed to travel ever slccet the country was ; j settled by the Mormons. At East Portage a general meeting was - - held in the well attended. The stands quite alone, almost under the brow of the high mountain. ThV settlement is quite scattered, as mo&t of these small places in the country are. In the morning Brother Mansfield showed his which are yery pleasant, a little artificial lake farmed from springs near his hoase, with young trees growing near, was quite charming in this almost wildf country; The mountain scenery everywhere Is grand, and to ua it is ever a rest and relief, there is always something sublime in gazing at these wonderful Rocky Mountains. Bro. and Sister Jahsfleld entertained six of us d women and certainly we should remember their kindness in taking three of us in their carriage from Station all over Malad Valley and Hampton - bringing us so far oa our way hara. Every, where we went we found the people more than glad to see the ladles and hear them talk. school-hous- e, uver " be-- - 'i'r Edinburgh. The triennial election of i the,: members of the School Boardltook place last month. The contest turned principally on Church questions with regard to the men candidates, but Miss Blyth and Miss Stevenson, who have been members of the two previous Boards (since 1873), Ex. d. ng chemistry, Forensic medicine, midwifery, and diseases of women, 'pathology, and b fluu lauiea wflo are not medicalj students may be admitted as students. occa-slon- al The Annual Meeting of the Central Committee of the National Society for Women's Suffrage was held in Willis's Rooms, London, on May 9. A business took place at 3 o'clock p. m.; aftermeeting which the public meeting began Mr. Leonard Courtney, M. P., took the 'chair. Mrs. P. A. Taylor, Miss Cobden, Rev. Brook Lambert, Sir D. Wedderburn, M. P., Mrs. Hal-le- t, Ac,, were among the speakers. Lectures havo been given on this within the last month at Gravesend, subject Roeh-- ' ester, Canterbury, Ashford and Tonbridge. A largo and influential drawing-roomeeting was held at tho house of Mrs Thos. Taylor, Hyde Park Gardens, W., on May 12, and another on May 14, by Vls- countess Harberton, 119, Cromwell Road. At both the question was discussed by ad. vocates and opponents. There is overy hopo that the suffrage work will bo carried cm successfully, and widely extended durtho next year. ing m kh ox-chan- ge oi good offices, between two men, each of whom Is euro of him-self and sure of his ftiond.-- B. W. us ? 29' th0 annual (ca nd soireo of the National Union of Women was held at the Star coffee-hous-WorkingOld Market Street, when upwards of a hundred members and friends assembled." The fol. Q3 a,DCl entIemen were present: Xwh0 PwaWed), thcr Misses' ; d0M"-Hargrave- , the Misses Priest--maTP?.IL E. e, Two ladies presented themselves at door of a fancy-bal- l, and, en befng a keS by the 'usher what they P sonatod, replied that Two ladies without -- ht E.M.S. tt" ilmv0 1 for Women, closed on the 31st of last March. Twenty-eigstu. dents in all attended the school and hospital, of whom eight were first year's studonts. Lectures on anatomy, chemis- try, physiology, practice of medicine, practice of surgery, and a courso of practical anatomy with demonstrations, wero given at tho school, and clinical Instruction, and lectures on clinical medicine, and clinical BUi6", in wo nospitai. me summer session opened on May 1. Lectures on botany, y specif costume; -- : fifth winter session of the London School oi Medicine es-sembl- ed . - The -- Vir-tuo- other ladies worked assiduously in her halrV . During the past week quite a gloom has been cast over the sisters here at Paris through the death of Bister Matilda Price, wife of Bishop a Robert Price of the 2d Ward of this place. On last she was in her usual health until Sunday the evening of that day, when she was suddenly taken sick, and in less than twenty-fou- r - houra expired, surrounded by her family and many friends who deeply feel her loss. The funeral took place on Tuesday, when Presidents C. C. Rich and Geo. Osmond gave some very encouraging and comforting words of instruction to the many friends who had to pay their last respects to the remains of Sister Price-a- nd also an infant son of Bro. John T. Rich of this town, who. was buried at the same time. Slater Price was born on the 25th of March 1833; embraced the Gospel in England about 1850; married in the fall of 1853, and in the same year emigrated to Utah. She has beea ' identified with the Relief Society of this place ever since It has been organized, and at the time of her death held the office of President of the Teachers of the 2d Ward Relief Society-and- , from tfao time of her embracing the Gos . pel, has lived a good and faithful Latter-da- under-standingh- re-elect- ed. far-reachi- OBITUARY. can subsist, after much - -- in the Order op Good TemWo have often already had occplars. asion to notice that womon are equally eligible with men to fill all the offices of this Association. large and At tho . Annual Session held in Hull during Easter week, Miss Helena Richardson, a member of the Bristol School Board, was elected Grand Worthy Vice Templar of tho Order of Good Templars. . Mis3 Hannah Young of Colesley, Stratfordshire, was appointed Grand Superintendent of the juvenile portion of the Order; Mrs. Boys of Petersfleld was appointed Assistant Grand Worthy Secretary, and Jlrs. JValshaw, of Halifax, Deputy Grand Marshal'. Ex. juds, We can do more good by being good than In any other way. Itowlaud Hm. , I know nothing whtcb lito has to offer m satisfying a, the profound good The election of the School took place in March. Liborton for Board; Miss Redpatb, a late member of the late Hiss Burton and Board, was re-electe- strong-minde- BainL Liberton. . wore .Women echcol-hou- ee " FOREIGN NOTES. -- . E X FO N E K T . B I t Miss K. Biage, GreenweIl,.Mis3 Mck, n, lIrS. r well, M. A., Rev. Mr. Hargraye, Mr. Brown, Mr. Jones, Ac. Mr. Alan Greenwoll expressed his gratification at seeing so many present, and pointed out the necessity of women combining for mutual benefit the same as men. In case of being out of work, in case of sickness or death, by being members of that association they would have something to fall back upon in time of need. Benefit societies for females were calculated to do a vast amount of good. Co operating one with another would certainly tend to their advancement, and the indifference to union, heretofore displayed, was the greatest hindrance to woman's progress. Mr. Green-we- ll expressed his astonishment at the apathy or rather want of thought manifested by Trades Unionists and men belonging to Friendly "Societies," in not inducing, in greater numbers, their wives and sisters to partake of the advantages offered by the National Union of Working Women. L The Rev. W. Hargravo said it was the duty of working women to join associations for not only would their connection therewith tend to woman's social benefit, but create those grand feelings of and independence, nay, save her in many cases from great degradation tho parish workhouse. Ex. self-relian- ce WORKING WOMEN IN LONDON. To glvo our readers an Idea of tho condition of working women in London, we copy from tho ''English Woman's Review" an account of a crowded meeting of working women belonging to the Pimlico Army Clothing Factory, held on tho evening of April 1G, 1879, in the Portcullis Hall, Westminster, Mr. Hodgson Pratt, Chairman, who invited any of the women present to state all facts concerning the reduction of wages. Without giving full particulars of prices, etc., we will say the reduction was such that they determined to memorialize the Secretary of War for and see if any change could be made by which they could subsist by their hard work. In setting forth thoir grievances in the Memorial they state, that while they suffered irom a re duction of wages, and also from not being allowed to take work home as formerly, the salaries of certain officers of the establishment had been increased. Signed on behalf of a meeting of upwards of 700 women and at their unanimous request, by the Chairman, Hodgson Pratt, lato member of the Indian Cvil Service. "Nearly one thousand female machine workers assembled in tho vicinity of Westminster Palace the following afternoon, of the memprevious to tho bers of the House of Commons after the Easter recess, tho object of tho promoters being to represent their griovancca with respect to the recent reduction of wages, which affects about 1,500 persons. The proposed formation of a procession having been 'forbidden by the police, who were stationed in the street in extra force, it was necessary to hold a consultation as to the mode of procedure. Again the Portcullis Hall was hastily engaged, and at once fillect Tho general opinion of the meeting was that it would be well to appear at the House of Commons, with a view of enlightening the members of Parliament generally as to the large number of women affected by the reductions. It was accordingly agreed that the House should bo reached in irregular procession, the party separating and taking different streets on the route. By half-pa4 o'clock the large deputation met at the st 