would bo more than 'sufficient,. Every wo well as themselves: and wo are better man who has had her mind occupied with hrrripd. nprhnnsi fnr wo nave ngni ana justice on our side. Our motto is, DefeQret. !f tho graver responsibilities of business, or -- MY VISION, - 0 DEDICATED, TO MRS JI.. A. I sat slow the working bee. Do they not know better "': than to attack a hive of bees?, They have : not handled m many hives J ' ri ' 3r'-'- - ui they would be oautlous.ji We see the purpose 6f the mid in their; memorial, it says: "We,' the undersigned . women of Utah, pray your Tionorable body ii to enact such legislation as will malro eff ec-- f ' tive the law of 1862." This'' I is he secret of the whole movementto' excite the country against us and induce i rocking this evening, The Are burned low in the gratct The rooms deserted and silent, The hoar was lonely and Jate.-Witswilt, noiseless win gs, my spirit Barred up ftll.thq mortal within, Purged' out, for only' an1 hour,a. y. My human inheritance-Slh anti-polygam- Anoiseof sqft pattering feet, That g)ide wilt fainisoupd o'er the My Bpirit-- e flcon Ob, can ye not come and whisper . your love to that fend mother's heart? Ob, can ye not visit her often, And help her to bea her part?" Then up spake the fairest and tallest Whose bead was laid n my breast "You ask us to come teur mother, And give he sad, heart sweet rest i But do yon not know now endless . Eternity's ages are? , How few the brief moments ef time, Whiobfly like a meteor star? , ao-fen- t - minds Incapable of grasping greater things than "tne'pQor scandal of l. the neighborhood," yet we aro suro thatf'' : many women aro led Inlolfhis thought and speech'whlch It, induces,1 from an activlfyVormind that is misdirected, rather than' naturally. mischievous. . Riso above thia thing, women., sjsters for it is nnn nf ft itinera tia f Vinll fl a rtt f c AY f h rnnfl- age, one of tl?e serious, charges against women which can neither bepalliftf eel nor denied by those who woulCTfaln defend her; a thlpg too obvious to bo 'ignored arid foo and injuousjh its effects unlhdividuals 'silence! It in. Put society 'to be parsed by resofiitely beneath your feet, banish it from be small 6 ' i tertained for those who call you: "mother,", by the tender recollectidhs of her whom j: you once addressed by that holyinamo, and v r of that womaphood that can. for not bo tarnished without; casting a stigma upon tnem r ana you, resoiv never 10 voicqv a suspicion,-howevevaguely that will woman's: name.; j Givo to slander.no the-hono- ; tar-ni8h- - r- GIVE TO SLANDER N(? QUARTER. 7 Wev dwelt in ages nnnumbtred , With God, and to Ilim were true; ; j And though wewere sent to this earth, We returned when oiir mission was through. We love "the dear mother who bore us, Arid watch with tenderest care, Her life so noble and pure, And record with, prde up there. - With all our boasted educational privi' leges, with all our societies for the inculca- tion of morality, with our churches ; and . Sabbath schools teaching the principle otj-i tho 'goldenr rule," it would yet seemjthat the masses of the people have scarcely ,a rudimentary conception of tho immoral i.tyj, of slander, or haying such conceptiorjr ttii& h they smother it beneath thorciok pf tyjie suspicion. Fostered: by this.suspiQioiianplo unrestrained by a .charity that.thinketh IT no eyil,' slapder, , "foulest ;whelp t of i at nirr touches, ,with tho Jblighting frost of Its insidious breath, a tho,, fair name. of woman, the honor of manand perverts ;with yilest malignity ?the . unsuspecting wproj and acts 'A of innocept girlhood. V ' When the somber shadow of Its wither ; v? PIPSEY PAPERS. Sisters, ouz enemies are on pur track, ano while we sleep they are plotting for our overthrow. Let us wake" up and be alive to our duties, lest Satan enter in and sow tares whiIp:wo are sleeping. Ho is trying , to do so ip .every,way he can possibly hope to accomplisbjit, striding uswfiero he thinks us least prepared J9!referid;purselves. A it wasjhe cry; "Give the little 'while women of Utafy the ballot, and they wilt ' handle polygamy," 'and they laughed among themselves; for they thought the women of Utah would vote heir ticket inf view of .ridding themselves ?6f that principle but they.VeVo n'eerm BH:! tnat oiir bantls are' and when tey ' strengthened ajlnstlncM'they-'how"Take 'away- thf fra'nchfso, it gives theiri too mucti power. 'But 'they shall not tako the franchise from us; easily while we aro Let us uso it able to defend ourselves. wisely and. well, and we ,are,a power that ; . . io ' - They" think' now m' attach 'us through ouir own- :' gex, and the wbinetij poor, silly tilings, al: low themselves Jo fie 'made '"us of for politic " cal purppse's. Thecall us low and degrade ed, but we will meet them on their owri'" and return their scorn with interna ground ' est; 'Hpir many "of their lives will bear h investigattb?' Do women not know that when theyjwvoko a quarrel with their own "7 . I . ' .mivh vvitoi Lii C caw; . r EDITORIAXi ; ; .glpsb pro-v- ail A sense of justice finally , in a number of astprp fifita jes, For years pas ti female teachers ;hayo, beenem-- ; ployed in the sphoplsjofthp Hpu -- 4. notwithstanding, the fact", tht ttelfipw performed ,py;;yiemf pas, oeen .umyepaiiy to thatcipne py tneir salaries': 'paid , them have been far below . those , received by males.. .This, unjust Janangenerous state. of affair is now Mng, rvpiaflqnized in many VStates,; and teachers' erfprmirig a certain! class of school ijtbpr'4rpceiv01ik6. portray or pencil shade-Uglojomt , Wp can VeasOii dimly duderstand tlie vtiya woman,' herself fallen may take delight in circulating stories "or hinting dark "things concern ing thio lives of other,w6men,, it heing prob-- . ably a $ortr "of balfri to liei 'dwia consciousness of impurity to1 make "herself belieMe that others, even in high places, are like unto her. But how women whose purity of lifo is unimpeached can allow themselves to voice suspicion concerning sister women, U more difficult to understand. "Taking that which enriches not them and ' leaves tho other poor indeed' thny pass alongjho h i ih ways of life; ligporibgMhose- who s tru g- gi; in its byways efcOptitOigivPf them un-I- : iid thrusts, all tho while as. serenely conscious X)t superiority as if thpir .pncaUed-f- or and most merciless theft werpinot a greater crime in thp, face of high heaven thap that . jor wmcu many; a cpnyict ions siarrt years, , compenatfonl shall H'is sys'tem'.fi'as be-p- - -- i . - -- - intelligent persons will ' welcCmethisJnpQ- - ., i j vation; whatoverfmay "bo ;the opini enter. : talned relativp to theJWOmajo.suj(rraempYOi ;f menV I venerate "iiij old age; and1 I love hot tho man'whicj 'can 'look without emotion upon tho sunset'of life, wheu the dusk 'of even- ing begins to gather ovei the watery eye and the shadows of twilight grow broader '. and deeper upon the pnderstanding. Long- - ; fellow a. . ' fh'at the wdrl rkafrt'dJng be 'done iarwe,irbrtfle 8n'6 a by tho adopted in 'a numbfStateTs,- and 4Hip;' llio ifld and semf'barh'rus' practice 6f ying woman less because she is a woman still prevails . In other States, it is safe to say that tho spirit of liberality and justico ivill find its way throughout 'the fen tiro 'country; ei.Thero is no qitetipri "a' to the- Injustice of r the former triethbd atid I aildiheralimiudea and, j other- ? .. " i(eM-6tBei!tHh;6ttyr! qualifications 1 dragging, SjbaUj and jchain-- r ..ThVrnarrow lives, ,narrQW aims, narrow aspirations of many women is doubtless the cause of much gossip, tho, primary element pf "scandal," w hich "steamspp in an infusioH of tea anil uoais arounu,in inw air oi corampp iame." and if there were absolutely no other ;rea eon for giving tho minds of wcmen iritelll u ir TH : ; lllli) :7f ta "Dirpk we condemn tbo ilia, that' others do? t :...'I l)are we condemn? are not fow, JssmaU, Thetr strength thelj:,tri4ls '. TbeUdeof wrong Is difficult to stem, Ana 10 us more qiearij luiui iu iucui r f Is glyen, the knowledge Of "the good and true, Slore do they need bur help and pity too; ' .T.r!-- ;.s ';T'" Iiare we condemn?:. ;rr: ;; 7. , SAiOAsr. - X , Go! tell her how fondly we wait her, To come to our heavenly home; .. that guards her And wbisper, The watch-car- e Will follow Where'er se may roam. Our duty now calls us, sweet Jady, For Father's Work onward mnst go." And so the sweet visions departed, , ; WJth flutter and murmurJngs low -- quarter; -- , , suppress. . ? . f somev-chexjhe- d Vt the "refining influencea'fof modern Chris- -; tianity. Polygamy, even allowing It toihe . far wrong (which we do not) presents purer state of; society.than the practices of monogamy can sho w They, wish l to : 4e- - ; hintrp- - , stroy pur principles qf morality-anduce their? pwn, "but. wo. wlli Jhayo nonOjpf u it;" wo will risep in the strength of Isl,, d raePs God and vindicate' our rlglit apcl -them. MARV. ' Provo.. How much the'mbtherwM bore ye :Longs erer her darlings .to eHK vriU.ieaXtiht',ef(ghJ J : s - y Congress to pass the bills of all sorts,planriejd by political' frauds for the oppression 'rind' annoyance of this people. They caronoth-ing about virtue, or purl tyy on they, would. note the glowing vices thatJiave been gain-ing among tis sincetva have been open r to yes open, arid Jo! Four anf eto onie in at the doorl And softly thej crowd around me, With faces uplifted and fair, clasp above me ' Their stroke my nalr. They lorinf ly S weet beings of other worlds," I ask, "Do ye knbwow lonely are we? baby-iarna- Iyeor: i L wno is oenaing an ner energies mwaru uio aim, accomplishment of knows howzinflftitesimal and unworthy rof I consideration these mischievous anlmadver- sions upon me conauct or otners iseems to : 