Swe at- - Relief 80- ton, April 17. Cieties were very was conducted In jf&. I, Holmes presid-was present and made yorable f to the woman quesr'i At ia&B paiua 10 puuiisn mem ylnt cf the meeting. The Presi- A:fes made excellent verbal reports. now assisted Coun. Call and the x of Relief Society In organizing a Associatlon.in Davis Co., Mrs. Do-A. Robinson, President; Nancy A. Clark Jane Smith, Counselofs. A large majority of tbe sisters enrolled their names as active A "He his linger of the Ink This was appr? "V will certainly apply t This is woman's era, an "so&. criticized, censured, sneered own sex. After all It is expecte- dsesalng more humility than men,mt 1 li nature auu iruo icuueiucui ui bu spirituality in fact, will scarcely stoop t cfcw cation. Yet even this we find to be the cruel as the grave.' Pope said, 'The world with calumny abounds, CI The whitest virtue slander wounds." x workers. EDITORIAL NOTES. It is well that persons of greatness of soul possess the peculiar faculty, or tact, to judge of those with whom they come in contact, other- We siLALi.be compelled to confine our in future exclusively to Stake reports of R, S and Y. L. M. I. A., except where the R. S. Stakes have not been, organized. These will report as before. col-nm- ns , wise they might be prejudiced against the innocent and good by people. It Eeemsto havabeen peculiarly the fate of Mormons to be slandered, but until recently it was confined to men mostly, Mormon women being considered too low, degraded and ignorant, otherwise they certainly would not live in plural marriage. Now a change has come. The franchise has been given to Mormon women, they have been heard from, and as they will not give tip the principles of thejr religion, which they know to be elevating and pure, they must needs be scandalized. And because a few noble-souleladles who ao working for universal good, as we understand It, have dared to allow Mormon women to come into their councils, and sit on a public platform with them, a great many explanations must be made for them, left the National Woman Suffrage Association should be understood as endorsing Polygamy. After the women of Utah have held the ballot ten years, and with the bet po?slb!e results, they are to have no representation. uTell it not in Gath, publish it not in the streets of Askelon," that Mormon women vote, or have any education, or culture. Oh, no, don't come near a Mormon woman, she's a plural wife, or. at any rate believes in it, and "Polygamy degrades womanhood." "Where Polygamy exists all women are essentially degraded." Welli we are very 'sorry 'for these "wise women of Gotham," who are at sea in a bowl evil-designin- g d without any ballastwho that Polyganot better than prostitution, but iLfln-Itemy Is worse la its effects upon society, however It 'may be In Individual caes. Tbey pity' Mormon women fanatics just as they do the Hindoo women. Well, there's every reason to pity them, for in their midst all torts of abominations abound, and they have no remedy. The cries of the women who have been cruelty tend wantonly betrayed and abandoned, as-e- rt ly dr. rk Obstetrics day, 5th ins days for six m Constitution Bullu: en a clafs in 'nurs'es, on Mon- - ndays and Thurs- r efflcein the Old Duriko the last month Pres. E. R. Soow has organized Primary Associations in the 1st, 2d, 12th, 13th and 20th wards of this city. ALso the Young Ladies' M. I. A. of the 2d Ward. At the Territorial Fair which will be held October next, it is expected there will be a great many prizes distributed to those who produce the best articles of home manofaq'ure. Ladles, If you wish to work for this, do your best in useful, ornamental, dr elegant work; with all kinds of materials ueed in such articles. At the General Meeting of the sisters in the Fourteenth Ward, Saturday, April 26, the officers of the Sljk Association of Salt Lake Co. were sustained in their positions, and Bro. Paul A. Schettler was eleoted ss a committee tojudge7f the quality of cocoons. The officers of Relief Society agreed to act as committees to see that all the mulberry leaves In their vicinity were Utilized to the best advantage. The Theatre has been rendered attractive of late by tbe H, M, S. PiDafore, which has been performed several times, the performance being entlnly composed of borne talent, directed by Prof. Careleas. He certainly deserves all the encomiums he has received. Mrs. Belgel, Miss White, Miss Olsen, Miss Banders, and several of the gentlemen also played and sang remarkably well. Altogether the opera was well performed in eveiy part, se everybody fayp; "and what verjlody ssys must be true. "A Messenger from Jarvls Section" was quite sensational, but very funny. "Uncle Daniel" was really a true Yankee in style and in tone, and little '.'Clip" acted her We have R. S. Reports from Samaria, Ma-laFranklin, Hebron, MInersville, Kingston, Lewlston and Ephraim; Primary Association d, reports from Santaquin, I6th Ward S. L. City. Letters from Santa Clara, St. George, Goshen and other places, which we intend publishing. Mass Meetings have been held by the sisters in nearly all tbe settlements great and small in Utah Territory, to protest against the petitions, letters to Mrs. Hayes, Ac, and to defend one of the vital principles of the. Gospel, viz., Celestial Marriage. It is Impossible to publish them all. It is specially gratifying to know that there is a united feeling on this subject throughout the entire Church. At Hyrum, Woodruff, Clark-stoWalieburg, Midway, Tooele, these meetings have all been spirited and interesting, and the sisters in their respective localities have either adopted the resolutions passed in Salt Lake City or have drawn up resolutions corresponding in every respect with the spirit and sentiment therein expressed. We publish in this issue an item on the celebration of Mrs. M.- A. Smoot'a Surprise Party on her birthday, and we would not wish our dear friends, sisters and patrons to we were ujumindful of anygood siater'a "Birthday Party' so will inform them we have In cur desk many such tributes, which we would gladly publish, Mrs. Louisa B Pratt's of Beaver, Mrs. Sarah M. Peterson's of Ephraim, Mrs. Martha J. Thomas' of Lehi. We will mention in connection with this fact, we did not give our readers any account of the party held at onr own house in honor of Shter E. A. Whitney, well known to nearly all the Saints tfrora the days of Kirtland, nor to that of Mrs. Zfna D. Young, held at the residence of Mrs. B. W. Smith, nor of Mr?. M I. Horrie, Vr Adtl-Polyga- n, " - 