T WOMAN'S EXPO NBN.T. i In the article referred to, her son Joseph reporter himself aa interviewing his mother on the subject of polygamy, asking qutstious his father. Did his father teach the con-'cerni- ne principle?: Dldraclice" loTpdvepf "it? Did his father have other wives than herself? these and similar lnquiries,6i8ter Emma is represented as answering in the negative, positively affirming that Joseph the Prophet had no other wife or wives than her; that he neither taught the principle of plurality of To all " c wires, publicly or privately. I once dearly loved "Bister Emma," and now, for me to believe that sne,a once honored woman, should have sunk so low, even iu her own estimation, as to deny what she kntw to be true, see mes a palpable absurdity If what purports to be her ' last testimony' was really her testimony she died with a libel on her lips a libel against her husbandagainst his wives' against the truth, and a libel against God; and in publishing that libel, her son has fastened a stigma on the character of his mother, that can never be erased. It is a fact that Sister Emma, of her free will and choice, gave her husband four wives, t aro of whom are now living.and ready to testify that she hot only gave them to her husband, but that she taught tbex&lhe doctrine of plural marriage and urged them to accept it. And, If her son wished to degrade his mother in the estimation of her former, associatef those familiar with the incidents of the period referred to, he could not doit more effectually than by proving Her denial of any knowledge of polygamy, (celestial marriage) and its practice by her husband Even if her son ignored his mother's reputation for veracity, be better have waited until his father's wives were silent in death, for now they are here living witnet sts of the divinity of plural marriage.as revealed by the Almighty, through Joseph Smith, who was commanded to introduce It by taking other wiv-s- . So far as Sister Emma personally is concerned, I would gladly have been silent and let her memory rest in peace, had not her mifguided son, through a siuisrer policy, branded her name with gross wickedness-charg- ing her with the denial of a sacred principle which she had heretofore not ouly acknowledged but had acted upon a principle than which there is none more Important comprised in the Gospel of the son of Uod. It may be asked, Why de fend plurality of wives, since the United States government forbids its practice? The action of the executors of this government can neither change or annibilatea fundamental truth; and this nation, in preventing the prac tice of plural marriage, shoulder a heavier responsibility than any nation has ever assumed, with one exceptionthat of the ancient Je ws. If the government can afford it, we can. The controversy is with God not us.. Eliza R. Snow, A wife of Joseph Siiith the Prophei. Des-erNews. on et MY LAST WEEK AT LAIE. FiiJay Aug. 22d, Sea bathing in the morn-ing- . At three o'clock p. m. attended the meetof the Relief Society for the last time. ing The sisters were very kind. few more gifts some banannas cam as good as I ever tasted. Sat. 23d. At seven o'clock met with the young ladles We received a and green sweet before breakfast In the meeting house; the good spirit was truly with us. Sabbath School at nine o Jock 8unqy 2-i- : uavivH jjjiutrs were ,Mft,v.u.vU) who wore well present versed In ifce Scriptures ii-iox- jj 85 the salt water; general refreshing of all-imy bathing suit was one that our much esteemed sister Mildred Randall left there. It was of home made Utah flannel. Tbu rsdav. 2S: Pres. -- Cluff -- and I rode On account of the through the cane-fiel"flrftnffhk ihlrtv rraa rto rlxr arill'fipnrfn- jy yjeid sufficient to pay for cultivating. Twenty acres more looks pretty well, but will not be matured until next March.1 The cane- f alan7 of fVtA fiolria dm nn thm naaf aMo rf- ihn y base of the mountain is the sugar mill. A little bench back of that is 'a corral! for the stock; a goodly number had been driven i n to select a beef from to kill for the feast. The man who has charge of the stock is called, Paneola, he called upon Pres. Cluft to select one from the many to kill; I sat "upon my horse and waited; when the selection had been made, and the beautiful fat creature and good orators J. K. Hawaii Nap-la'- s brother is one of the most eloquent speakers. There were a great many testimonies given by the Elders, some of them very young men. "How eDjoybierat-a- l timers th bread of life. truth is "sweeter than honey in the honey -comb" wherever It is found. Pres. CluH seeks to benefit all, he needs the faith and prayers of the Saints. At five o'clock p. m. I took a walk around on the sea shore which ' was very delightful called up many pleasant thoughts. Every Sabbath evening the bell rings for prayers and the five families of the mission assemble at Pres. duff's for united worship singing and prayer, music from tho . organ, Jacob Gales organist. The organ was purchased at Honolulu while we were there. The first evening after it was brought over, I wished Bro. C. R. t'avage had been theie to make &t picture of the scene. I counted forty persons men, women and children sitting on the floor (the native custom) and many animated faces at the doors and windows some of them keeping time with their heads and feet, yet they wer6 very quiet They are great lovers of music and manj of them have excellent voices. The first tune played upon the organ was, ? s . 1 -- d. J rlt-ATif- -- ' w around It, and the remainder were given liberty; there are about four hundred head of stock on this Island, When thm nnlmal tered some dressed the beef.othera dug the hole to cook it. The meat is cooked In the ground a hole is dag and wood placed in It on which are laid rocks; when these are hot the meat or food Is placed on them In bay leaves a leaf as smooth as glass always green, mats of leaves aro laid over and just 'a fible leh where water Is poured In and then the top is closed; the steam cooks It sweet and nice, as well as meat are prepared in this simple manner, they are eood and nutritious: 0, my father thou that dwellegr, In the Ag b and holy place, A hymn composed by our dear Sister Eliza R. Snow: when the Inspiration of this ' inltop hymn came upon her little did she think where and by whom it would be chanted. veg-tabl- Monday 25: Mamma Kleohanoe's wife (whose weight is over two hundred pounds) came as Usual and took our washing. She washes si tting by the e dge of a spring of water. A flat rock a n s w ers the pu rpose of both tub and board; all the water is soft and not very cold: the only dit-- useaisa tin one to blue thtm in. She sits down to Iron, the iron is like a tailor's goose, a little charcoal in a dish Is sitting by, it can easily be replenished. Our clothes always looked beautifuL Tuesday, 26; We took our last horse back ride through a cation or gulch to gather ferns and curiosities 1 must not try to describe the beauty of the lovely, eternal, luxuriant green' foliage, it would be imposible. Underneath the tree in th orange groves the leaves become skeletonized beautifully by laying on the ground. After leaving our horses, because there is not r om for a horse to pass with safety, we traveled up, some distance and there we fouu d a brother tending fruit trees and kalcij there were also bushes Of cavene pep. per, so oaeth ing In appearance like our rose . We then came to the fields of awa, Thi3 is a beautiful shrub; It requires about two years to perfect it. The druggists at Honolulu pay a good. price for it. It is the root that is valuable; the natives pulverize It, soak fl1 tT msaHnr. Vinno tllA flftmo In rr onn nvstf wr itA.IMa ml tit .A.J IriC O J nwmjr uOiUO WtlU gUUU ! taste; mats were brought to cover the floor. The choir practised ' for the occasion. The sisters of the Relief Society, paid: for the beef mostly in work; by stripping the lower leaves from the sugar cane so when it fain ed the uici nvuiu 1W uuwu LI1H Hinntr nifonf tn H roots. The shades of evening rew around nsiii peace but the ever memorable day the 29th, of Aug. which Is so sacred to me and to the na tive Salutil shall never forget; and I know all was done in honor of the principles of life and salvation, President Young sought to establish. The 29, was the feast; of which I will tell you in my next article, j The sisters of the Relief Society sent their love to Sister Eliza R. Snow and the dear sisters in Zion Who are working to help 'build V'Zion the up upon earth, Zin'aID. YonNrt. ( effect of a little is like smoking opium, more of It taken will Intoxicate like liquor. It is pleasant to taste, but is often taken to excess. On the top of the heights was a small house. Sometimes those afflicted; with leprosy go to the heights to ercape the officers who are seat Wt-nsda- " WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE FV - PON EN T. ,1 . K ' w tti d II VI jusb icau nnr, rnr poem put into my hands,en titled "Suineitaii suect Is a glorious and I that we have a young man Smorig Poet of no mean order) .wo can ,us (and a such noble senUment,, and delineateenunciate such btautiful and appropriate ; it In water, then ' strain and drink It. The . - tw buj-hes- , es our girls might envy the natives tha : hAjmtf fn I hair and teeth this style of living produces. The boys and girls brought ferns and decor- - h to take all afflicted with that disease to the island of lepers. We returned home in the evening enriched In Ideas and satisfied though fatiguad but truly grateful for our safe return, for we had traveled over paths on the mountainsides in p'acts not V more than fifteen inches wide, and below were vast "precipices and charms that would rnke one's head swim ' to lo k down. 27; The feast day drawing near, work was almost enthely suspended. In the' forepoon the forj wna nearly vacated for a 1 A W ' al I H & -. WM T. Mk. Wnll , we have a Poet of Our Own, I would like to elaborate' m 1 , yelws of ti it dear and valuable to every ; ' Saint but at present will conclude Lattday in the of Xsm;e,Whhaa It is all beauty, or all Bait Lake 8-- blladncss U't ' City hlm for hem:to , " : H..T.K. 