marks. BIshop Tucker eaid he thought the! time had. been well pent; felt an, interest in the Belief Societies, and felt: to bless all who were-woring for the interest of Zioiu B. &' BEPORTS. ! ST. GEORGE STAKE. k Itwaa Third Quarterly Conference of Kellef So George clcty, t, Georgo, Stake, held' 4 in-St.- Friday, J one 131879, Pxesir dent Minerva W. Snow, with her Counsel. ors and the Presidents aDd officers of the -- Ofcbernacle, -- . Str George Belief Societies were'presenr and a number of.bretbren and sisters ,rom the settlements, Bishops and. Elder, iilhe business oi tne uonierence was attended to - and many excellent: remarks i made by the sisters, wbo.felt encouraged to see so many sisters at meeting. Bishop Henry Eyring of 6L George, and Apostle Erastus Snow made some kind and cheering remarks en. ' treating us to perse'verei telling' us of the good 'wo had, done and .could , do' to each other, saw they, were pleased; to" hear , pur remarks' and Reports.' he in our laborsj and were sure be blessed. ; i rt V' M. A. PBixcnETT, . to rbllsus : bushels. Beceipts during thequarfercasb, property, $100 71 ; wheat, bushels. Disbursements during the quarterTo the ;popr,'cash and property, $20ft0 emigra. dustrlcs, $18 05; missionaries. $6 50; build. On hand Jast .'quarter, ings, $138 75. $100 35; property; $4,0GQ CO; wheat; 73 P.-Linds- : 4 : : , Officers ;of Stake Belief Society : ? . 17, 1370. Editob Exponent: or Our Annual Meeting was held on the iey, eister june, JU. A. Hth rresi-de- nt Hyde, of the Relief Society of this Stake, Sister Frantzen, President of the Belief Soher Counselors, ciety of Spring City,-anBros. liarsen- and . Fraritzen , and others o f Spring City; Sister Morrison andlber Coun. adore and, others from Mt Tleasaht,; were present by; invitation.1- Our President be-. ing absent on account :of sickness in her ifamlly, Bishop TuckeK took charge of the 'm6etingj . After the usual Exercises and reading 'ofv minutes, the financial report was iead as follows: Becelved since June, il878p $231, 20. Disbursemertts- :- Emigra-tio$22 75; Manti Temple; $82 00;'Chari-Itabl- e purposes, $134 13; Missionaries, $5 00; d - '. - - i n, Intal dlsburfempnts, $243 88 ;; Property on " $226 ;4C; Grain stored; 372 bu. hand, After ; the ' reading 'of the !jrbpOrt Sister Hyde spoko mostly 4o the "y outig ; : said the i girls held the, reins to tho extent of their r , . ! . influence , OTer:; the younT men; should not coantenanco tho3o who useTney pro- 5 lifanelanguagowlnfoxicatfhdrlnksVRec. commended: the 'organfzati'onSOfilPrlmary - Associations, and "gav0rIfliehg'6o(PIhstrdc-.- , a iieuis.u jbne was ronowea-by'S- is t n-tc- . a who ; Frantzenr, MorriaohAllfedi and others, spoke well; BrO. thrsedf Spring City .spoka very eEcouragintly;l suid'trisisters .mxrdfxroingabgood ork Inooking tter the' neexly.and 'storioffrkiiH nhdnheUimo wouldcomB when thelUiUbflSbeieties would ;bo considered as Saviorln'fonl Several otner brethren mado somb te- ' r and-sister- s t l.lll - ay read by Sis tary. Eliza S. Calkin, .Secretary, :t ii t Elizabeth B. Bextley, ,Asa' t Sec. Fairview, July 1870. : 1 President ' July 21, A . $35 00; ; Idaho, :; On hand at date of last report,cai, 20; i property; ;$4t81U;wheat,:: 70 bushels; flour, 823J lbs.: Co., Paris Meeting House, which .was beautifully decorated for the occasion. Authorities: on the stand were, of the Presidency of the Belief Societies, Julia P. Lindsay and her Counselors; local authorities, ArJostie C. C. Bich; visitors from Salt Lake. City, Sisters E.jB. Snow, M. I. Home, S MKimball and S. Jtl. Heywpod ; also Sister E. Townsend irom Meadowville, " Meeting was tjpened in hB USUaixnanner Pres. J. occuiied thb stand for a short time; sid she was pleased ;to meet with the sisters in the capacity pKa '.Confer-- " ence ; feit. great pleasure, in hayng, those sisters frona Salt itako. present, as,, their presence. would greatly strengthen us. ;iThb (igettendance. lSOCWoman's lExponerit. : : Allqa M. J$jcjif Stakq SecreZ : X U ;j V Sister E. B. Snow in her remarks spoke of the first Belief Society organized by the Prophet Joseph Smith, with itd officers and members; said no one should be admitted Inas a member without a recommend structed the members to bo punctual in attending their' meeting, and tho benefit, to be derived therefrom. Said they required spiritual as well as temporal food. Also spoke upon the necessity of storing grain; did not favor the idea of small bins; recommended that several of the settlements together and build at isoine central point a large, substantial granary. The material , of .this hulldiug should bo wotkl, not brick; or stono. . Sister M. I. Horhe alluded to tho grkat responsibilities resti ng upon the moiher-- i in Israel, also Ihb necessity uf the biteis iedrn-in- g to do business in a proper manner, to educate themselves for the res porible positions they would have to fill. They should arrange their, labors so that they could their meetings and gut the Splrit of God; it would materially help them. Conference adjourned uutil 2 o'clock p. in. Aiternoon seion: after the opening exorcises, the Presidents of the different wards occupied a portion of the time in representing their societies, which were in prosperous condition, all striving with due, diligence to perform their duties in this great latter-da- y :work: Sister S. M. Kimbali!Injher remarks related some very interbstingincidents regarding1 the origan-- ; IfctIdh of tho first Belief 'Society ' in Nau-- n 'voo, also" noK Its "re Organization by Pres!."B. : Young in Salt Lake City, and the labors of herself qnd sisters In the societiesv J: Conference adjourned following-mornin- g. Benediction by Apo- s' n rJtioc.a Bich, : : co-opeia- te ! - Hey-woo- -- Exhorted them to patronize the Woman !a Exponent and other Church Publicatmns, v. ,. Conference adjourned until 2 o'clock p. m. AfternoonVssiourrrMe the usual manner Sister Snow in her remarks referredto the good oVlorkTlhee organizations, were doing for our young people, also tho necessity: for us to become .Suggested that theistera, in the different settlements., form committees and collect together a good supplycof straw, and learn to braid: and ' work if up into hats for their husbands,. their ions; and themselves; she said they should draw-ou- t of the' elements the materiaHliey eed;0" Sister E. Townsend said she had been greatly blessed during the rast week en- nf ffifi' Rfsf'prs tram Suit inviny tho ftnnfpfv ' Lake, tra veiing Wih' .LtheniV an d, a t tend i ng the meetings which they held in the different settlements; U.Sto'he-'of the most pleaMnt:yee.;.hGij lUe- Exhorted mothers to be very careful injnstiliing correct principles into the, indsof .their children, teach thegdob! ilSanaQrX. and encourage them to be punctual in attending tho Primary Meetings H5:J rv Pres. J. H. Hart, in his remarks pointed out tho necessity i;6uildng 'the Logan Temple; told the sisters to'encourago1 their tmahnnriH and shns in that eppnt work-Pres. G Osmond, said we are all together" in building up Zion, ehould respond cheerfully to every call made upon us by the servants of God. Apostle C. C. Rich"' expressed himself as greatly pleased while listening to the remarks made during" the Conference, especially those by thesisterd from Silt Lake City; wished 'the sis tew of th)s Stake to irri prove 'the present- oprbrtufiity and get all 1 he ' Intruclion aqd :couhel they'posHl-bl- y could 'from those sisters, he 'kriew they were well quahfipd! t6'c6unsel iind instruct. ProiwiWd fthat PresfsVW tiart and G. l self-sustainin- g. . . - a '".:' . at-teu- o.clock a. m. In7 addition to the visitors .'present? the (first day, Elders James IL.Hart and George Osmond, of the Preaidency-of-lhi- a 3take,r. were. nresentTh e Counselors of the Y. L. M. L President ,and A. occupied the stand. Sister 8. M. d herself to pleased meet expressed with the sisters of this Stakes felt the same that actuated tho sisters in St. spirit here - and other Southern -settlements. George Counseled tho sisters to do all they could to help the brethren in their various duties. Was pleased withT the reports that were read, also with their diligence in gleaning and storing .grain hoped they would con . 18; 10 tinue faithful XiA.S!--'S- . 01: members, 532: rneetiners held.' 93; aver- - - Pres't, Lois A; ;j Wilson, Secfy.,- - I will endeavor.to give you a brief sketch of our, First Quarterly; Conference of the Belief Societies fin the , Bear Lake Stake held on tho 17th and; 18th: of July, in the that Ywet Afbiijd J $9G c ; Statistical and Flnancial.Eepbitsibr; the ' quarter ending June 13, 1S78, i ,:Teachers, 01. -- Paris, Bear Lake T:"Lii 1 unanimously officers as our that wo sustain they stand. A good spirit -- prevailed throughout the meeting,! Dismissed by singing- - yitho--cho- ir and benediction by Bro' Frantzentafter1" which a plcnia" supper was semedwhen all ; adjourned to the schoolhouse, where a party - ytm'r:: T; waagiyen by ithqiSociety, inoved-aud-earri- ed h July d . . co-labor-- ers - 1 5 OHmondwith twefity3LTablo bodi(id men, ple saw tnijl camp; ;t hefe HV celebra te". I he Twenty-fourtulay of julyth0 twenty 1 h for one month brethren to rehiarri5hnd work . for the'TeinpIel "fUL.-Conference djoured for' I hreo Singing, Benedictipn; ' months. :;; Elizabeth Pugmihe, Stake Corresponding Secretary. : juts The Portland Oregon lan pf recent ;dalo says: Among rtherpassengers,frbm,:,Alaska, t6 this city,' by 8teameraIIforma, Avas Hiss Sallie'Ball, Who' Is probably the' youngest Government official holding a:'Commiision Stalheihtliss, i3th61duly in 'the; United- thoUeh but twelve vrars hf JjppbiriU4stmlstrei? manner a!?G: in which every detail of her office is attendeilto is worthy of adoption L by mbre than one'of tho 'Nashya' of thistate.' v 