m kK P ODTB N Tv WO ' : of evening began to close around her. When I beard tJhat,T was reminded of the WOrds of the Lord to His chosen people. Jican ft tromatf forget fher suckling child, that fihe ehould not have compassion on tho rnlt Of her wombl Yea;" she inay forget, yet willl not forget thee She soon awoke to a sense of her conditioa,but Was too proud to let leV 'children oven kno w that she livedo The man ' was not unkind to her; they lived in poverty and obscurity," till at length he died; and left h6r without means of support Tthe rgMndchildren riwere' my associates; r'adrriirecT their humility and condescension towards : their fepenatnt relative; for. although there were rid marked expressions of affection they! were always polite arid respectful, I could read in their bearing to wards her the language of their hearts. "Ho 'own reflection be' her pun. Ishment.,, I once ventured to: ask Col. Doolittle what his sentiments were in regard to his mother? He replied Mn5 an indirect way 8ayirig, i with emphasis; Hiss Barnes, (that was myaine She' is my mother!" That word expressedall that was necessary to be.eaid,--' She:was a.Waqk eyed woman, aud lltUe as I knew of phrenology then, I judged her to, be of an Impulsive temperament Ko doubt' she had keenly most assuredly felt the remorse arise when sober reflection presented to her view that unfortunate Hnregularity in her life! Happy was It for her, the father of her children had taught 'them humane and was , an examheavenly principled! Trielr's v v ' " filial affection. ple of XJLriD accomplished by f these eignt nunarea eminent men. iie arranges the decades as follows:- 'Th gotdin decade is between 80 and 40: tho silver decUdo Is between 10 and CO; tho brazen decade is between 20 and 30; SO and - 60; the tho iron decade tin decade is between 60 - and ' 70; the wooden decade is between 70 and 80t ski 3 a Si nT;';r5.iV' shown ' inftne'-wdrk- the country promptly respbnped te.-- s Addrett, David Junes, Box SOS Ralt Lake City. : IRS. ELLIS lica1 Class at her residence In the Hrf!?n5a two h,r blocks anl a half east ef the Post Office Hith F)de ; Bpecial attention glten to Obstetric?, &nd diseases of ; ::i I'lDq-.V"; r,'..; :s. ;t TO THE LADIES Kemedy for Croup. -- One fourth of a teaspoon-fnlsyrup of ipecac, and a pinch of pulvemed alum once in an hour or two according to the severity of the disease. - This is aldose for a child1 from four to ten years of ageY! h . ;, of he HOMF-MADEfort- fal of lS79 Young- ladies.' - -- ; Twillefied, Whiu a d G ey 8neira OiJj, B00niBTrun:e,'BrU(-heti- , Made Qoode.1 f. IMINSIIS.HOHN -- , OA Cous ltutioQ Bu , Wool B-itu-- , f Clr. uiy: i fcalt Lake CJty Beaver Oct. 9. IIIEsf j OTRONGE&i! X.B. Pbatt. -- Z: BEST . , a- - THE SIX AGES. J A writer In eastern journal .'has been endeavoring to ascertain at what age men ra capablo.of doing' their best work. His method isto takpythe names of ihe illustrioand countries, with , us.' ipenf their1 ages when' Jtheir greatest achieve'-nien- ts ; were" 'accomplished, and from' these to'derive the Average time bt life at which work of the world is the Important men done, or th$ mah year of geatest 'oduc tiveneS3? His list of ;great"'men includes eight hundred namesi' and theirrnosVnotbv "number !' eighteen worthy achievements ' hundred; The mean ago of greatest all classes is found by this ' method to be'thl?ty eight5 years and fifty-tw- o hundredths!' This may be regarded as the mental prline of life, which is attained, ifthis progress' gives trustworthy result, from, flveto ten years earlier than has been supposed. : In the arrangement by. classes, It is found that lawyers and judges 'come latest to maturity, or at least to "a recogni' tion of t their power," the average age of greatest ! productiveness with them being fortyJtve y ears and a little over." Professors and educators come! next, who have done K o p o 8. . For SolbT Ttah all Grocers. ;5 oH .' .... r . ? SuecS; of1?i,r-5rar- . tt I STORE BrlUi8es Eta. i to the" meet f Artistic Humantn? Hair and Combing. ti. , ? Bait Lake City, it ' ' JOSEPHTNE . QREQORlr, Kimball Btock. t-'- I HAVE YOU SEEtf THE NEW 7 SiWIirfflill: TO not you should do bo at ncs atxl TF idea to. Sewinsr Machine. mers and philanthropists, whose' chief work jVic!6r;;SeiMng O. If . BIGUS, Agent, rxrsrciciAri ahd cxrnttaorj, stlara, in Old1 ConsntutloriBuu&'nr. Residence six blocks east of Post Office, south' sldi of street. .I 4... .v a i.jif- -' to ObsfetrlcslJaeases Spectalstudy has been Urea of J OJFICB-- Up ; . Women, and r: ,t.vju DISEASES abce iprri h. k'.l-iu'Hu- u-.- of tho ' BYE AND tJAR. 1 "! Wcmo , ? ! 1 : ! ,, .01 style. Oash paid T 'ad from'; their 'thlrtyHBlght' ; to 'iprty fyeaia. Next ;come cnirhanders scientist refor; FRUITS rjf all; CLASES; WANTED. Ladles are requested to call and ; examine the' roost H Then i6iloyir statesmen; divines; ;authdrsj phylsiciarisiphUoabphers, artl8tsand orators whoso' age of', greatest' productiveness Is atv thirty-sl-x ' CI1 Y. TlDTlTVTriTT a X JXJjJLYUO. a-- examine5 the New Construetlou New Machine Is tolerant in appearance and admlrafcie The m opera-Uo- n, runs yery f&diy and w tbont ny noira confa-- : Mod, aUhough the rate of spete very high. Ita kelT- -; aodill-threa(nr Mitlu buttle, and rf , and reader! both it timpleand Humble, Be aure to ne-886 cojs ltf Aivantaf e,wlM make you lUlriend. Is 'adcomjplished n TEASDEL'S LAE SALT O' P ' tbhlrty. seven , years; Inventors, musicians and who-ar- e Aat their best at from' travelers, ' to thirty-fiv- e thirty-on- e years,' and actors make their highest efforts earlier than ' any1 other class, about tho ago of twenty-nin- e years. By the use of the same1 materials, the writer classifies the decades of life according to their value to1' the ' world as -- Special departments fcr Gent'a Clothing trid. ChilUren'i Shoes Dry Goods, Shaw aud Domestics. Qroo?rit?8, Hardware and " Stoves. DRIED "W- 1 1 1 f . -- thelrsVbtat'n , aiiii Carpets, Laiiiea K p'ro-ductivennes- ifor . Wholesale and Retail PeaHnr. , , i In aU kinds of . AT CO ; . 3. .1. C.: GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMNTS &c. o 4 ns DRY QDSNOTJONS, GBOCFItm, KEA VY AND SHELF HARDWARE, a. An Fast T$mple &'(reet, JVq. 17 tub-ba- end other HOum Idlng-- rolace of Fashion, ' , 4 ; Desire tbo ladles of Salt Lake and those Tisltfnr Conference to call at her show rooms and see her of MJLLINBKY The latest and most stylish mTxleSof Hats and Bonnets In Straw, Felt and Velvet. Also a niei election In Flowers. Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and la the Jatest shades and strlpa Country dealers please call ladles' Hair work In all Its bianchee.. Qoo4 single Ladits Inlo nod Double New New Stjle ftiles in Stripe, aqd CltitcK lresa FlannlstStmj, Check Waierprof.f; Nff jn LiDeejs. Fine Wblie Yrf 2 ani aly for Lai jkav ani"fafcx4t ckwgi, Gry that-woul- . j Corsets, Shoulder Braces, "; Skirt Strppo'rten HEALTH Braces, and Abdominal tale op mad" 10 order, by P. E, HaRPEH,fcupporterMor First touth Street . . . nearly opposite Theatre. Mrs, ZINA p. jYOXTNG, a?ent for this Territory. Pay siciaaa and Ladiss oall and examine. j : 1 . l i - . of the fetreet, nearly opposite the Fresbyterlaa women. n -- R. SHIPP IIlY8IClAPf AND HTJROEblV, The young lady whijie'iobletis worth having must be soght'Sh who endeavorsr to thrusther company-upyduman Is al w ays avoid eel by-- th e be iter classes, " both men and women. 1 ; i;i ramps Bepalred on hort noUc. from JWTOrdera No man is ever gppd.iprnyfhing uutil he has found two thirigs-first- j j gomthing to love. and second somthig.o Reverence. r FdRtf UpIfS. RURSETS CELEBRftTED LIFT WD ; : : JLQEPTr FOB is-betwe- 1 i Tinner, Gas; Water & Stoam1 Fitter 'I. -- -- CTAME8 (Succettor to Mitchell & Jmhei, i Hmlt in. lake City. :. J HDrcTWooiDEir REVOPRlric StOCld F. ADERBACH & BROTHER;1 J5.East Templb I "Sf iwiSSSiit, -; - Cartoonsof r Stock In thrwlet.' Notion, M tC Fo a t h:S.f Btreet, Salt LAki Citt. nIvfc- Fire hundred pieces of Drta SSSfc RmhmM,.H.' S,vf Tlea, ns 100 ;' 5AB ARH l'.Bap' or" IA Bi ! 