' yt ' THE NEW COVENANT. BY THE LADIES OF PAYSON. j5o we not feel to mourn when we see our On Monday Dec. 9 th ypnng people indifferent to the great work of our Fathers Kingdom? And why do they ignore" the excellency of the work? Are they ignorant of the new covenant the Lord has made with His people, preparatory to His second coming? Perhaps you ask wherP did He make this covenant? I iy All UW UUOJ it tuu uuvu Mt eye single to the glory of God, then our whole l bodies are full of light We eee whom we associate with, and know the re- 7n than enU f thn .nimaa nra. ara know which is the downward course and which will tend to happiness as a reward to the just, for it is said "the justehall live by faith' If, so, can an unjust person .ex. ect the gift jbif faith? No, verily iioj none but the upright 'and just, and those of true integrity can have thlsi gift Yet we may fail when .our intentions are right. If the common enemy retard our progress, then we should ; humble ourselves, for it is the humble and meek that the Lord will bless. The Book of Mormon shows that our weaknesses are given for a wise purpose, wnereDy we can come in nuimiiiy 10 vainer for help arid strength; yea, help in every time of need. We read that, we must be tried as "gold sevenjtimes purified. How is that? It is lUtl UiU9o iS ail ICUiUVDU uu liiCl the til operator can see his face in the heated metal; and when our trials produce this effect our Savior can see his image in us, that will ;be sufficient Then we will be fit in His kingdom and heirs and ioint heirs . with Him. This is in ac cordanqe with iBis words. Tho Jews were expecting pis coming to reigns, Jving were they prepared for a celestial kingdom before they received Jthe Jawa pertaining to that kingdom? V bo ,you, aslf 4what they were? You will' find" them5 .contained in the 5 tb, 6th and 7th chapters of Itjatthew, called Christ's sermon .on the. Mount. Ih is education Is necessary to a reign 'of peace on jne earxo. uia any, oi me j ew,a oeuevo this? Yes a Apostles antfihosp believed' onthelr words;' hVo'eauti fui Illustration of tfre "sheep and the goats bdow wnai oraer ana consistency is to be observed in 'the celestial kingdom of our ; There The meeting was a good representation. Mrs. to order by was called Agnes Douglass: on motion of Mrs. Mary Moore, Mrs. Jane B. Simons was chosen to preside. Mrs. M. A. Hardy was chosen secretary. Mrs. Jane then arose and stated the object of the meeting, and said she wopld like the sisters to express their sentiments,but before hearing from them she would read the speech of Mrs. Zina D. Young, delivered at . the mass meeting in Salt Hake City, Nov, 6th, 1878. After the reading, the following ladies addressed the assembly in a spirited manner bearing upon the point at issue, namely, declaring themselves opposed to any interference with their social life or religious belief. Mrs. Martha Simons, Mrs. Emma Curtis, Mrs. Phebe Hancock, Mrs. VV - ' fee'sus' : : " " When our minds are lit up by the ppirit of Christ, ' what order, what' boktdy and consistency we soo In the Uwf of the celestial kingdom: It may !well be said that it is like ft well of living water springing up to'overlastlnglifo. It is always new, never staloj or threadbaro to those who have an oye single to ithe glory1' of God, for they possoss .thati; spirit which 'chlightens the mind and: enlivens the bouI. When I look upouil those; whoso labilities are good, and Judgmjoutsoandi but minds dark upon this think-the- Father. ' , : 1 i ; 1 artilikea candle which xucy are jn pos- biw sessmn au tna attributes of our Father; i oj iiPrt.PWWti yet beeRlJt up.by that Spirit bv which st hflv subject,: y , 7 t igu vut jilt ' S! World and a Vt blessing to their associates. because "tho day$ "-fuaffl- .: which no man can work." ; r''' , night cometh in " The ladies of Gras3 Valley wish to represent themselves as a Relief Society, we were organized August 1st 1878. by Bishop Joe. II. Wright and Counselers, the following ladies were chosen and set apart: Magrethe Andersou, President' Eliza Rust, .. Sabra Hatch, f Counseled, Secretary and Treasurer were also elected. a great interest in The ladies seem of the the work Society and being aWake to their duty j we are all new beginners and need all tho instruction We can get realizing that yom valuable paper is what we need to keep up with the times. We reto to send us ask Womans you spectfully - Georgia, Oct 27th, Editor Exponent: 1878. Exponent" one club that we may We were organized into . cr ' V. Fawcett, President, usktortfim: : r Counseler3 Emma 1 tf especi-!allyfWhe- re of : Vpjjesst is once In'a while one wlio seems ! ;, glean instruction from that paper, we also hope that some of bur sisfbrs from Headquarters will be hind enough to come and visit us, we live a little to one side of the world as it were, but that does hot hinder us frpm en- joyjng me spirit pi uou; we nave seveniy four members enrolled: we hold meetings semi monthly, and they are well attended, and we feel that the spirit of God is with -- Fawpett, Jpanna p. lilanning 'Becretary. Thinking that you certainly had noticed the organization of our society in the mihu-jits.qthe conference in the Deseret News, -earing that probablyyou might begin to jtfii jik rather strange at the i d ea of my not to you, 1 have zome to :vai(iQyrreprt3 tHe cnnclagion that it would be proper to y oh some information in regard to the $v$ matYer. I haven't as yet heard any word frpen our president nor any of oursisters. I" cannot for even one minute imagine what the cause for her not Writing to me. is, unless1 It fa that so much opposition and persecution Exists, I assure you it runs high and senilis to get worse In some places, sister Fawcett lives, I guess they think' that it is best to remain quiet while, the opposltfoin Is so great and the persecu tiott so bitter. But I cah say that' we huve been blest wheie we live; thore is but very litttle persecution in our part of the country i dn csmparison to some parts where branch-dresfthP church are established, but I will ?; ttofchoaii ocAtfe know, not how spoq it may ichiiogeiot tho.worso, people generally,. haven't; any sympathy i l?r; a anyonpwhp (Ivpcates. .Tdfrmon princi-- . ples:but for he.reaiiecthat ;tey' have for .themselves and fpr our feeJffjgs they treat ..uyeryklndiy. We are .surrounded', by a very generous hearted people who seem, to ..sympathise wthius:morQ.ihan persecute, fME. KimbalU to-tak- e : Itelief Society Conference held Aug lOth4 11th and 12th, 1878, by lder J. Morgan, with a goodf the"folIoWihg officly "number x! m embers ' r ' ers were elected: at ,"- - - Rome, 1878. Editor Exponent: Hulsh. After these appropriate and earnest speeches the preamble and resolutions were read wnich were adopted by the ladies in Salt Lake City: a vote was then taken endorsing said preamble and resolutions; it was carried unanimously not one d i ssen t ing voice. After singing nd p ray. er meeting adjourned, sine die. M. A. HttrtiDV. Sec'y i -- Koosharem, Nov.lSth, Mrs-Elle- n co-work- ers . Joanna Manning. Mary Moore,. Mrs. Agnes Douglass, Mrs Ann Pickering, Mrs. Susan Clayson, Mrs. Elizabeth Higgs, Mrs. Fanny Coombs, i J , in hopes that we might be able to do some good if but little, it would be some satisfaction; but we are in a scattered condition and so many disadvantages all put together it seems that we can't do any thing just yet but hope better things for the future. I remain your faithful sister in the Gospel of Christ. B. Simons - - the sisters ofPayson assembled at the meeting house. Smith to restore the Gospel as it' was anciently, with all its gifts, to the humble and faithful Saints That same covenant 13.1CUOWCU our own business, lpoking-iorwar- d to the future when we can enjoy better times, that is all we can do under present clrcumstan ces. Through reading the columns of your paper l ean truly realize the good that is derived from yourltelief Societies and I was delighted at the idea of our being organized into a Belief Society; and I am truly sorry that we cannot accomplish our desire, I was A MASS MEETING fFor theJgxpoijrEKT -- - not wh'a't 'they say or do; but we as a geiioral. thing stay at home and attend to us. Wishing continued success to the Expo-npWe Remain, Margrethe Anderson, Presideht, Mary Jenson, Secretary. nt, WOMAN'S MASS MEETING AT NEPHL According to appointment the ladies of Juab Co. held a mass meeting in the'Nephi Meeting-hous- e for the purpose of expressing their sentiments with regard to their religious and political rights as American Citizens. On motion of Mrs. C. Kendall, Mrs. A, Goldsbrough was elected president of the meeting, Mrs. Pitchfoth was chosen Secretary, and Mrs. 'A. Bigler Assistant Secro tary . On motion ot Mrs. J. Picton, Mrs. H. G rover was called to take the chair. Thechoirled by Mrs.:E. Grace, sang "ariso O glorious Zion." Prayer by Mrs. IL Grover Cboir a gain. sang. Mr. H. Grover arose aryl addressed the assembly: ladies and sister?, of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. We nt-&er- e. this day, Cpr Jh and each efvfbrld of purpose declaring'tof other, our sentimersjngard to pur religious rights, and to enter our solemn protest against, thaJunha'jlp wed An tl Polygamy circiiiafind 'letter, that has recently been forwarded to 'Washington, to Mrs. Piesident Hayes; for tho purpose ot hostile If gialafipn against the people "and true woman otU'tah.' ' ' The- Allowing ladles made, some very "spirited and appropriate remarks! Mrs. A. influ-enem- jj " ,i. , , 