W O M AN,' S; EXfN& N T ; mi uum r The Relief Society quarterly conference of this stake of Zioh, was held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly rooms, Jane the 20th and 21st., beginning at 10 o'clock a. m. Jane 20th Mrs. M. Ii iHorne presiding, ' The first part of. the morning was occupied with reports, from- - the various branches of the Belief Sociefyfinr this county. These reports represented techi i of and trust the breezes may be favorable, and should storms arise that the wiads and waves may at lea3t be propitious. ON Fkiday morning a party of ladies; and gentlemen left this city to be present at the closing exercises of the B. Y. ' Academy at Provo. Bishop 0. F. Whitney, Professors J . Toronto and J. Kingsbury of the Deseret there were two thousand peopleonthe grounds. Many met with old friends whom they had not eeeh for years, and probably there are many of them who will never see each other again in .this life. The party left American Fork on the train five o'clock p. m. This "all aboard" half-papleasant recreation for the eld folks is a great satisfaction to them, and will certainly call down the blessing of heaven upon those who ir. contribute so much to the happiness of ifellow creature in their declining years. During the trip homeward, songs were sung in each car by the Glee Club, and lemonade and refreshments were being passed fromone iar to another constantly, and everybody erjjoyed the affair to the utmost, by trying to amuse, entertain and interest everybody else. - st Uni-vereit- -- : HOME AFFAIRS. 21 : y, James Dwyer, E5q.i? Miss Ada Dyer, Mka Keetie Hey wooV and Misa Annie Wells, were of the party. We regret we have not space to give some account of the : manner in which the academy, is conducted, under the superior management of Prof. Carl. G. ,Mae-erwith some gentlemen and ladies as assistants in different departments This school is very highly recommended by all who have attended and by all who have taken pains to examine into the peculiar methods of teaching adopted Home made a few-briremarks and MiesVE. R. Bnow theTTaddrefsedthe conference Afternoon session; The presidents of' the different societies In wards1 and settiements each made a verbal report; all of1 which were very satisfactory. When they had nnlsnea ef -- , in the institution. : maiks and the conference adjourned until next Saturday; Mrs. Home announced : that the next morning would be occupied by the Young Ladies Association. Saturday morning. The Young Ladies Conference. Mrs. Louie Felt presiding in fibsenco of the President Mrs. Mary Freeze. The" reports of the several Y. L. M.'l. A of the county were read, and then each president made a verbal report. Mrsi. Louie $pl t occii Mfd a little time also. Miss E. Ri Snow and" Ttii eh Eider W. W. Taylor, by Invitation, made at few remarks. He explained the order of fllllrfg out the forms for reports, and showed the importance cfpracticinJiablti oi.order':inl4a9i& matters, which woiildy If hecessaryTenable the sisters to assist their husbands in keeplng.their accounts, for there was no one jh rwhorn he would have more confidence Jn such matters than his wife; and .if habits of order were taught the young, by example as eii''as precept, a foundation would ho ;laid Ih theni for true greatness. Ha .showed tha reat Import ance of striving to bene li t those surrounding : morning a party of about fifty of the teachers and students, including the visitors- from Salt Lake, started up Provo Fromone Gallon, well supplied with ofvtwo who participated in the trip we learn On" Saturday Returned Home. Mr. Don Carlos and Mr. Feramorz L oung, sons of the late President Brigham Young, arrived home on Monday evening, June 24, and lir. W. G. Sharp, son of Bishop John Sharp, arrived Thursday evening, June 26, all in excellent health and spirits. These young men graduated a few weeks since at the Van Rensselaer Polytechnic! Institute, Troy, New York. We welcome them back, and trust, with the education they have received, and the fine natural abilities they possess, they may make life a complete success. On Saturday and Sunday, June 14 and 15, we attended the Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Tooele Stake, held at Grants-villMrs. M. A. Hunter, President of the R. 8. of Tooele County, presiding. Sisters and brethren too from the various fccttlements were present. President F. M. Lyman, Bishop Tut-tlof Tooele, and others from the different precincts favored tho sisters with their pres. ence. Saturday afternoon the - children of Grantsville were organized into a Primary Association.. The instructions given at this Conference by President Lyman, were very encouraging to the sisters in that vicinity. Miss E. R. Snow was also eloquent and earnest in addressing the meetings, Mrs B. W. Smith and other sisters contributed towards making the conference an interesting one. We are happy to announce the marrkge of our young relative, Mr. Junius F. Wells (President of the Young .Men's Mutual Improvement Associations,) to Miss Lena Fobes, of this city. The marriage ceremony was performed by President D. H. Welle, father of the bridegroom, in the- - Endowment House, Monday, June IGtb, at 5 o'clock p.m. A reception was given In tho evening at his father1 residence In the 12th Ward, at which time were assembled all his ''aunts, ulsters arid cousins,", with a host of other friends, who oflered their fervent congratulations. The happy pai r were the recipients also of many useful and elegant presents. On Monday, June 3 J, another very brilliant wedding was celebrated in this city. The bride was Miss Jane Jennings, daughter, of Hon. Wm. Jennings, tha bridegroom Mr. Jas. A. Eidredge, son of Hon. Horace B. Eldredge. President Taylor performed the ceremony at 4 o'clock p.m., in the Endowment Honte. The reception in honor of Mies Janie's marriage, at Devereux House, in the evening, w&a . really the most magnificent, aflair of ihe kind ever celebrated in this city. To attempt a (description of the elegance or epj$ynient in enepara" y& ofier our most graph Is simply Impossible. sincere and fervenf ''congratulations tottheso new vojagerson the matrimonial sea of life, - pic-ni- c. that it was really niGst delightful, scenery grand, beautiful floweri arid shrubbery, clear streams of watersjparkling and rippling through the valleys, and the wati?rail exceeded in its beauty the Idea they had formed. They bad a feast of good things to ear, and a literary entertainment of songs, speeches, recitations, jokes and brilliant conversation. The visitors from this city were extremely well pleased with their visit to Provo and the people who so agreeably entertained them. Since June 15th number ef (he Exponent was issued, our esteemed friend and Brother Elder George Reynolds, has been1 committed We had not to prison in Lincoln, Nebraska. believed he would be imprisoned on account of his b ing a te?t case brought forward purposely to UcclJo a v3t.d question. Elder Reynolds, ' implicitly believing as most of 'the Latter-da- y the religious, liberty granted Saints did, by the Constitution of tho United States would be his safeguard. We have no words to express our feelings on this subject, having been imbued with the idea from childhood that in America there was freedom and religious liberty for all, of whatever color or creed. We know the Apostles and Eiders ;were imprisoned for their religion in Christ's day, but that was not e. e, 1 thus creating an influence in.; behalf pr rightets:, th at the ousness in the midst; o fiithe-Saibfl not Jed astray. children of the Saints might ? tht . read the written reports, aftet whjch presidents of Primarios in several wards reported verbally. Mrs. Mi L Home made some remarks upon tho . - 1 -- under a free government. .Thsy rejoiced that they were worthy to suffer. Andso does our good brother. He writes that his greatest disappointment is in not being allowed pencil and paper to scribble do wja his thought?. He say s in a letter to his family, niy, health ; jj good I feel quite happy' God bless and comfort you all, bo assured there are many worse places than in prison for conscience sake.' It cannot take aWay Uhe peace : which reigns in my heart. Repine - not, but pray continually for yourselves and for me. Bro. Reynolds speaks highly of the kindness of the who attended him East; and sends greeting to all hl3 old friends: those who doslro to write to hltn: address George Reynold Box C, Lincoln Nebraska.. We hope we hall shortly have some. better news to pubjish on this subject, atany( rate, jWe hope for' 'his return to Utah. We have heard that the.Antl-Polygam- y ladies of .this .city have asked President "Hay es not to grant the pardon.. asked for Brother Reynold's, but ktlbim , server his term in the penitentiary, and that be be hot remanded to the Utah ;j)enItehtJary;VVer had understood that the ladies of lthis Society bad no wfah to have pait dflencesr punished; but topreventany action of this kindih the fututi . God forgive them, they know not what theydo, for what of-fflce- i . ; i they sow thst also, they must repp, . rs discipline and management of chiidxen the necessity of teaching itherh faith and a knowledge of principle. Mrs. Zina D Young, Mrs. S. M. Kimball, Miss E; R.' Snow all spoke upon the necessity of training the children in the nurture and admonition the 'Lord, and. expressed their pleasure in these? organizations of the little hliarennd their belief that throuffhithis b'lritual- training all 'O'ould come to; a knowledge of ithe JLorU.from t the least unto r the - greatest, tiS Pres. lj.,8now said that perhaps at theVeheral meeting t wo week9 from that day, they might organize, the a fctake'capacUyi-anPrimary Association-iwanted a" full attendance 6f-tsisters on that I occasion. CJonference adjourned tmtit Bept. next 2001, arid Snh.LTi - Jt. .. -of - 13 . Saturday afternoon. - Mrs. M. I.Horn presiding, was devoted principally; Jto repoVS frdm Primary AassocIatlonSvi Ms3. lIaggienFreeze ; n d he (..ill ' -- Tim Boston Woman'd Jdurnal.'May 31 , contains another of. Idts, Jullxt Ward Howe's tnttrartivA lAttnra tirHHim frnm mKi-m-l Is dated Paris," llayi lp j Mrs Hovro'a iol- tera are : charming and- would, make. a valuable book. There are many books of travel that aro that would' make i them really, .useful .and inspiring.' t Such books ate dry a.ndrunen-lertainln- g, because of the.ityloriiaiwhlch ,theyaro .written.. Mre4 Ho wete letters from abroad , would, :flnd.. ;ready (saie, not- onlv on apfnnnt nf. rrr thftir rnafmoi'IfJ ,hut -- - htingrTla-thatrpechilariqaal- lty r . - - w-- wo:!, iker ! intelligenti and bapiiymannr oiao,-i-- of j places anil people iOf-de-iscripti- r;a(-joaira- ble power QfpressinjfYliat she gees and feelsir. r Sr-h-ii . ,..it ..i, 