A Review. In a former number of the Ex- ponent we made a brief notice of A Review of the Decision of the Supreme Court" by Hon. George Q. Cannon, the people's, delegate from Utah in the Congress of the United Stales. It is a email work, containing between fifty and tixty pages, but its contents are well worth perusal by men and women. The author has evidently taken great care in arranging his material to as to present strong points to his readers on the subject of law and religion. The book is for sale at the "Beseret News" and "Juvenile Instructor" Offices. We earnestly recommend its careful reading to our sieters as well as the brethren. It is also a good BbWTo sendabroail to friends,-t- aequaintanceFj and will no doubt remove from the minds of many honest-heartepeople the popular opinion that Patriarchal Marriage Is bigamy. The author, towards the close, has drawn a vivid picture of what Utah was previous to the influx of the elements of civilization in her midst. Of this those of us who know can testify, and we know that he has spoken truly. We would recommend our sisters who are desirous of becoming intelligent in regard to the rights of citizens and the strength of" governments to procure this excellent book and make tbemseJva familiar with its reasoning. They will then become convinced how inconsistent with the spirit of the Constitution is the late decision of the 'Supreme Court. r d so-calle- d ARTICLES Resolved, TO AND That realizing ourselves to be wives and daughters of apostles, prophets and elders of Israel, and that lest upon us, and that we (hall be held accountable to God not only for the privileges we inherit from our fathers, but aleo for the blessings we enjoy a3 Latter-daSaints, we feel to unite and we and With, do mutually pledge ourselves that we will uphold and sustain each other in doing good. Resolved, That inasmuch as the Saints have been commanded to gather out from BabyloD, and not partake of her tins, that they receive Dot cf her plagues. We feel that we should not condescend to imitate the pride, folly and fashions of the world: And inasmuch as the Church of Jesus Christ Is likened to a city set on a hill, to be a bescon of light to all nations, it is our duty to set examples for others, instead of seeking to pattern after them. ReEolvcd, That we will re?pect ancient and modern apostolic instructions. St. Paul exhorted Timothy to tenon the women to adorn themselves in modest apparel not with braid-i- d hair, or gold, or pe&rl , or costly array; but which becometh women professing godliness, with good works Peter also, in his First Epistle, in ppeaking of women, says:. ' Whose adorning, let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair, and of wearing gold, or of Go putting on of apparel; but let It the hidden man of the heart, iu that which Is not corruptible, even the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which is in the s'ght of God of great price. For after this manner in old time the holy women ateo, who trusted in God, adored! themselves," &c In a revelation given to the Saints in 1831, the Lord said: "Thou shalt not be proud in thy heart; let all thy garments be plain, and their beauty the beauty df the work of thine own hanas.,, All as-suc- high-re-Hponsibil-ities h, y co-oper- ate , 1 and being deeply sensible of the sinful ambition and vanity In dress among the daughters of Zion, which are calculated to foster the pride of the world, and shut out the Spirit of God from the heart, wo mutually, agree to exert our Influence, both by precept and example, to suppress and to eventually eradicate these evils. Resolved, That, admitting variety has its charm?, we know that real beauty appears to greater advantage in a plain dress than when bedizzenetl with finery, and while we disappro-bat- e extravagance and waste, we would noti like the Quakers, recommend a uniform, but would leave each one to choose the style best adapted to her own taste and person. At the same time we shall avoid aud ignore as obsolete with us, all extremes which are opposed to , good sense, or repulsive to modesty. Resalved, Inasmuch as cleanliness is a characteristic of a Saint, and an imperative duty, we shall discard the drazgingskirts, and for decency's sake tho3e disgustingly short ones extending no lower than the boot tops. We also regard "panniers," and whatever approximates in appearance towards the "Grecian Bend," a burlesque on the natural beauty and will dignity of the human female form, and not disgrace our persons by wearing- them. And aleoas fast as it shall be expedient, we articles, shall adopt the wearing of home-madand exercise our united influence In rendering 1 e ADOPTED BY THE YOUNG LADIES' DEPARTMENT OF THE RETRENCHMET ASSOCIATION, ORGANIZED IN S. Jj, CITY, 1869. SUBSCRIBED of which we accept as true principle, and such as should be fully illustrated in our practice; r Iteiolved, With a. firm and settled determi nation to honor the foregoing requirements, them fashionable. THE HOSPITAL. , Ban Fkanctsco, July , d : hi-i- r ' ; at-"onc- e T--T : 1 t ' . l " Yolirsrefcctfnllyl; . ,i 1 : Died, At St. George, Utah, on ihe: 26th day of June, 1879, at 10 clocVjV. rii.Vin a quiet acefol manner,! dells", :;d'au ghter of and Charles E.' and iiuih'Ybunjp months and 5 days 'fNot'dead, but gone be ; CORRESPONDENCE. EDITOll EXTONEST: far-fame- 11 All good projects move slowly though surely, and so we hope it is the case whh tho hospital ciuse. Oar beloved Prophet, Joseph Smith, once said, "Be sure you are right, and then go ahead.'' That this "is a move in the right direction" is the emphatically expressed opinion of all within our bearing. Times are hard, but paradoxically the people seem to flourish best during hard times. Volcanoes burst and shock the people, and they stand still for an instant, but as no corner stone of the kingdom of God is gold, all good purposes will stl:l steadily move forward. Good Samaritans forget not the hospital, but talk it up In all your societies, and if aty have a, good suggestion to offer,1 give it, for "in counsel there'is much wisdjm." This can be no personal or financial, affair wherein a few gather in' the "filthy lucre," but on the other hand, whoever has charge of it will go unpaid until the day of the Millennium comes, when the assurance of having done well will weigh heavier in the scale of justice than gold . It is not exaggerating to say, as all even of small experience can testify, that hospital work is a thankless task, even where considerable benefit has been received; perfect restoration to life and' vigor being demanded, when it is not in the power of man tobtatow; vet, nevertheless, the aggregate good is so great that the minor evils are lost sight of. The plan of the work is not fully ripened, though far on the way, and more on the subject will soon appear, 8. L. City, July 10, 1879. It B. P. " Golden-Sta- te seen anything- - (torn this of California, I "thought a few lines ' might cot be unio teres ting. It U a lovely Sabbath, as all Sabbaths are as far as a rich, warm sunshine and balrjfl air jare, concerned, but there Is nothing to remind:ene this is a dy of rest. The ' 6treefs are jfuii .'of people Intent upoit pleaiureC Ther Jands ar$ discoursing lively strains of music, and moth- r. fMt.hpra unrf MifMrArii with f Trinnfi ftkft- -. kets, are going to some one of (he many pfe&Sf ant places to enjoy themselves. The ballrooma are crowded and the phurches are empty. : ,Tbe small streets are full of cbildrou, left to amuse themselves as beat they can. In yon alley $ a crowd of small hoedlums drinkipg ibpcr, smoking and swearing.. How can they learn better when the ones who should teach; them are engrossed with the same pleasures, but of a more gen teel character. What a strange feeling one fmh he.e in this great . city. The lmpreselou 'arises, so be much crime and bad, everybody must are dishonor. The dally papes enough1 to sicken one's souI,butthe people c rave just iueh news and they must Citer to the public taste. There was one of the most biutal murders last week. A man courted and married a very young Jadyj and In gifted and accomplish Usk, than a year they separated and she sought shelter with a family as a housekeeper. The hufcb&nd sought her and found her, and he shot her dead in the door, end had the cool eflront-er- y to tell tho Officer that the woman was his; he bad a right to shoit her if he wanted to. And now comes another murder worse even than tbat. Some one cut a child's throat and plunged its head into tha sand to stifle Us cries. The child was a boy three years old and' Jjo- Vi a a nn rn cr oi trt on T f q a r na rrlon or enemies, and who murdered the child and lor what purpose remains for the detectives to unravel. Suicides are common, they arecarcely mentioned. You who live in such a quiet vale can never imagine half tbat Is going on out In the world. It Ij said there is a rivalry exLating between Chicago and St. Louis, which can get ahead in crime or population, but Calliornla will carry the palm of the world. Here we treat all men as rogues until we prove them, and just as we think we nave proved them good, they prove themselves rogues. Confidence has fled, and people are groping ih the dark for; money and happiness; a few find the j former,' aud fewer still find the latter; There li an unjust feeling pervading all classes of Boclety. Jn the palace or ia the. laboring man's cot thtre is a want felt, and It is confidence. It has gone and all ; n to find .are seeking I hope jou will not feel disgusted with the picture I have dra wn; perhaps If I should write you again it would bo all love and kunsrllne but I would have to go beyond the confined of this great city, into one of the cool; 'quiet itherf T could1 com rib ne With, country glens,' m ' .:r n: Nature, Wlshldg your paper every succeisI: rbfnaia 1, lbTD. lit:. As T have been a subscriber to your Interesting pspsr for some time, and ar I have never fnro ft ;i.t . .v ,f St. George June29, 18t9." u. lu. jonnson. ; rvi': 