ME;3YdjtM'S nmELDfl B. WELLS, EXPONENT. Editor. -; Lake City, Utah. One copy one year, liO0;Mie cop six months, 1.00. .Tea copies for the price of iune Advertising rate Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $3.00; . per month, 13,00. A literal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower Weit 'Room of the Council lloaie, .Bouth, Temple . StiecL " BiulncRS hours from 10 a.m. to 5 rxmJsrery day except Sunday. Address an Duslness communications to seml-monthry,T- (SaltT in Tcnn j ' ': Salt Lake City, Utah. jlBAIKE . PIONEER DAY. i : It is well known that the 21th of July is the anniversary of the day on which the Mormon Pioneers, with the late; President Brigbam Young as their leaderarrived in the Valley of the Great Basin, in the vicinity of Bait Lake. Every year it has been the custom to celebrate that day, and probably there is no other day in all the year which brings to the hearts of 111 Latter day Saints euch peculiarly grateful feelings as this one, from which they date tti freedom and liberty that has characterized their sojourn In this Territory. And yet, perhaps, as a people, we have not been sufficiently grateful to God for his mercies and blessings extended td uSj jot'b'e efforts whicbave been made to build uand beau y ti-f- the desert. This day should be honored, and It is meet that all should join to show ho W truly they appreciate the bleesibgs they enjoy, through the arduous toll, labor and endurance of the d men and women who, at brave, the peril of their lives, sought out this desert wilderness. The Pioneers should be remembered with honor (the few who remain) for many have passed away. Of the three women who accompanied them iu this wonderful pilgrimage, only one is now living, Mrs. Clara Decker Young, widow of the late President Brigham Young. The others were Mrs. Ellen Binders Kimball, wife of Pres. Heber C. Kimball, and Mrs. Harriet Page Wheeler Young, wife of Elder Lorenzo D. Young, brother to the late President Younp. The names of these heroic women should be remembered by the Latter-daSaints, and th children of this to cherish their memory as well people taught as the memory of that noble brotherhood of fearless men, who, trustiDg in the arm of Israel's God, traversed an unknown waste, not with armed forces, ready to defend themselves against a foe, but a poorly equipped company of men, trusting In Jehovah to fight their batlion-hearte- , y tles. This year the day was celebrated with a grand Commemorative Entertainment in the Large Tabernacle In thin city, arranged under the direction of an executive committee, consisting of Messrs. George Goddard, C. W. Stayner, Joshua MldgUy, and John Daynts. Conductors of mu-ic- , Prof. C. J, Thomas and Joseph J. Dayues. The celebration commenced with an overture by tho brass band. Prayer by Elder George Q. Cannon. Then a scred song by ail the children of the Sunday Schools of Salt Lake City and vicinity, consisting of nearly 4000 little folks. The tinglog by tbe children was really one of the moat beautiful features of the entertainment, their fresh young voices seemed to swell In praises, and fall upon the ear of the listener with sxeet melody tbat was delight fully gratifjlDg, There were many parts of tbe entertainment worthy of note,and foremost among them was the music, on the violin by Prof. Weibe, and piano accompaniment by Prof, Daynes, Prof, Weihowas encored and the music was deserving the cheers and applause vouchsafed to the young artist vrho has recently returned from Germany. Mies Sarah Olsen and Miss Anna .Mackey with their charming rich voices, added greatly to the musical entertainment. It was the first appearance of Zion's Musical Society in public, and it formed one of the greatest attractions of the day; the glee song by them "Oh, the flowery month of June," was quite InspiriDg. Dr. E. B. IVgusonsJNormal Class consisting ofbouTa dozen young ladies in rendering ''Duet Obligato, with choru9," did remarkably well, and reflected great credit upon the proficiency of their teacher who has only been training them six weeks. The grand commemorative song, n?he Glorious Standard of the West," by C. W. Stayner, which we publish in lull on the third tage, was written expressly for the occasion, and we congratulate Bro. Stay ner on having succeeded so well in touching the hearts of the people; it was well rendered by Bro. Wm. H. Foster, who has long been a favorite singer among our people. Prof. J. J. Daynes' grand solo on the piano, in his own original and sprightly style was admirable and his rendition of "II Trovatore" was wonderful. Many who attended the Jubilee were unable to hear the finest parts of the as the building itself is better suited to a great number of voice or a heavy swell of music. Pre?. J. D. T. McAllister, from St. George, who was for many years the favorite linger in all public assemblies in this city, touched the feelings of all tenderly by choosing an expressive song, "O, ye mountains high,' which never falls to produce inspiring emotion in the souls of the Latter-daSaints, for it comes home to every heart. Pres. Angus M. Cannon pronounced the benediction. Much praise is due to .the committee of arrangements, and also to the singers, musicians and all who contributed their share to the general enjoyment. The entertainment passed off pleasantly and peacefully, and gcvvo perfect satisfaction. this people will never ceace to celebrate the twenty-fourtand that the children now growing up in Zion will remember to do the same. For our own part we would like, on another anniversary of this memorable day, to see all the Pioneers assembled where the audience may distinguish them. Honor to the grand old heroes of '47. per-forniau- ce, y We-trus- t h, r 'Q ASSASSINATION OF A YOUNG MISSIONARY. A TL1X3bam uas rercivei in this city on Monday, July 21, stating that Elder Joseph Standing had been shot by a mob of ten or twelve men on that day near Varnelles, 25 miles from Chattanooga, Catoosa Co., in the State of Georgia. Elder Rudger Clawson, another young mfssionary, was with Bro. Standing, but escaped unharmed. Bro. Standing was a very exempla-young man, and gave great of usefulnesi; was about twenty.four promise of years age. His parents, brothers and sisters reside at Hampton's, near Bear River bridge. They are very worthy people, and will deeply mourn the loss of a son so worthy their love and confidence; but ho has died a martyi'e death, and earted the cro n laid up for thosa who sutler death for Christ's sake. He has died with the full armor of the Gcspel upon y him, and gone to join the innumerable company, who are crying from under the altar, how long ?" For him wo "How long, O a few tears of love,sympathizing with may nla bereaved parents and family, but we need not mourn, for he has won the victory, while thoie who remain know not,, what the end may be. preparations are being made to make his funeral one of public interest, and many fxpres-don- s of sympathy from his Mends have been published in the daily papers. The Presidency of the Stake have notified the people that the funeral will take placejn the Large Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, on Sunday, August 3di 1879, commencing at lOocleek a.m. The various orders of the Priesthood have been assigned teats in regular order". The Seventies iu the southeast corner or the body of the Hail. The High Priests in the north-eas- t corner of of the body the Hall. The Elders on the south side, directly behind the Seventies. The Lesser Priesthood on the north side, directly behind the Higlr Priests."" Other societies and organizations will form directly in the rear of the Priesthood. All others may be seated in any part of the building not occupied. Arrangements have bean made with all the railroad lines running into Salt Lake City, to bring and return those desirous of attending the funeral at half price. o i-V- ia, rii HOME AFFAIRS. July number of the popular journal "Wo- man's Words," just received. It contains a sketch of the life and career of Miss Emma Abbott, the young Prima Donna, and a portrait of tbisady adorns the first page. The pen sketch is by Grace Greenwood. - We have received, from the editor, a copy at Work," published by Mrs. E. T. Housh, in Louisville, Kentucky. It is an interesting monthly journal of sixteen pages, on tinted paper, and is" devoted to mental, of "Woman mcral and physical culture, self-helpfulne- ss and home adornment, and to tho interests of the Knights and Ladles of Honor. Dr. Caroline P. Wikslow and husband, of Washington, D. C, recently paid a shoit visit to this city. Dr. Winslow is a lady of fine culturo and superior attainments. In addition to her professional duties as a physician and household cares, she is also editor of "The Alpha," a monthly journal published by the Moial Educational Society in Washington. Its mottoes are "Human Rights before all Laws and Constitutions. "Gerrit Smith." "The Divine Right of every Child to be well Born." We have learned by letter from "Sister Eliza" tbat herself and the party of ladies who in gocd health accompanied her arrived and excellent spirits, at Soda Bpiiuge, on the 23d of July, where they will probably remain a few days. Borne of the ladits being indelicate health, they hope to recuperate, by drink lug toda water and inhaling the pure mountain air. The sisters have visited all the eettlo-me8 in Bear Lake Stake where there are organizations of of women, excepting Mandolin and WoocruiT; have attended in nil thirty-fou- r meetings, including general, lit lief and Primary. In returning home "Sister Eliza" Intends visiting Clifton, Gentile Valley and Oxford, and will perhaps spend a little lime at Logan; The L idles' General Meeting held In the FourteenthWard Amenably Rooms, Saturday, July 10th, was a very interesting one; Counselor Phebe Woodruff presiding RemaikB were made by Sietera Pbebe Wood- nt -- Semi-Monthl- y : 