SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARC II Vol. 7. 1879. 1, In her family she reigns as a light set upon a hill, that cannot be hid, and, her children call her blessed..: Perhaps some who affirm that a woman cannot bo. contented, much less happy in Celestial mar- riage, will not credit the fact that this happy, Intelligent woman Is;" the first wife chains. of sin and wretchedness. in; allL the cities of our Union the .victims of tho wickedness , and abuse of. men, many betrayed and abandoned.; I ask, Is this not a nobler, work,, a higher aim 4han tp separate t families : Jiving ; in. peace, and comfort, be- , lieving in all sincerlty.that they aie serving God in the most acceptable, way ? From whence springs this desire to disunite and send portions of a family adrift, dishonored and disowned Could ypu standcalpoly by fice. A TOUNG ;MISSIONAB Y TO HIS Poetized by Hannah t. kino. - , ; MOTHER. r ; : ; ? Ob! bless thee, bless thee, mother dear . of a number all married to her ' husband with her cheerful consent, and welcomed to her fireside as honorable rand loved members of the same family Has ira decreased between husband and wife In consequence of these additions? No, it has not, for they each feel that their affection Is -built upon the solid foundation of mutual confidence, and each honors the other for their faith and integrity In keeping God's commands, while she Is generous enough to believe that man's heart is capable of expansion, which enables him to bestow affection upon more than one wife, even as a mother may love each of her several chil- In lore's endearing; name , blew I thee, love thee, and revere . ' Tbiwf hall unchanred, the m Motherrthe'volffhiy waters roll ; , Between ihy son and thee Bat still he owns thy sweet control; And still thy form can see. ' i "' Supreme of women, thou dost reign " Within his filial heart sorrows fain And all his Joys and Would to thine ear Import. Yes, think not, 0 my mother dear, I hare forgotten thee, 'i ' Nol Memory must Tacate her spherer And lore no longer be Ere I foriret thee, mother dear, Thou peeress of my beartl The thoufht of thee can wake the tear 'And sweetest joyi Impart; The thoufht of thee can win me back To Virtue's own bright road, If e'er I wander from her track, ' " Or from her pure abode. -- . - ': " , , I-- ; - And next to God my mother stands " Before my mental eye;' : When I obey her sweet commands IfeelthatGodls nlghl i v Then think of me and pray for mtf r dayby In sorrow I implore ntght-lnj- oy, By of theo Becall thme absent boy! Salt Lake City, Jan. 9,1879. 1 , ; , )y 1 at : . 1 ; ; I j - , , , , j s ; 1 , s " The "new crusade", has inspired many a dormant pen "to try Jts skill in defense of the principle1 of plural marriage, and proclaim to the world the toriest sentiments of As an American the "women of Utahl Citizen a child of Deaerot, born amid the Saints, hardships incident to the Latter-da- y this in homes barren to then make toiling ' desert, I claim the , privilege of expressing my firm belief In the despised, abused, but still heaven-reveale- d principlei that is receiving the : unqualified disapprobation ; of the majority of the civilized world. irI feel highly honored to be one of that f'pecnliar vpcople' who dare serve the lord according to His revealed will despite the opposition and ridicule of Christendom. Vl will dfawt a short and truthful sketch of one of the n women of Utah," who have excited the sympathy of our less fortunate sisters. A long and very intimate acquaintance justifles the praise 1 niayf accord to my ideal yet real woman. She is one of; the most truly religious persons I ever met; her high-sens- e of duty to God and faith in His promises form striking characteristics,' making her heart a constant .wellsprlng of cheerfulness, and friends love'to linger near to feel the sunshine ofher social qualities. Her trials are such as , those that fall" to. wives and , mothers , In general, and added to a fraU aro"th'oj duties of public of-; f ; - " A SKETQH AND THOUGHTS. 'down-trodde- the cries of thousands of women and children, whose condition "would bo more, pitiable than that of widows and orphans, ascending to Almighty God against; you? t I Would you separato , childr en who play I together in thesweet reUtipnsHlp of brother andj sister? Wpuld ,you ; tell women who haW lived Jrif happy r companionship .for years, who have watched oyer each other in sickness through many a sllerii midnight ' dren. How often have I wished that the hour, rejoicing with almost requal enthuai-asover the birth of each, other's children, whole world could witness the 'scenes of with r and7 together sheddirig bi happiness in which" rhaVe jpaf tlSIpated ; this family, and I think it Would nor con1:reave.me'nt'whenT'tliey were calledheaven-war- d women who havoi vowed to each demn polygamy as being' averse 'to 'the j other, even as . did .Buth of old to her "peace and good order" of any community. Ctould you see my Ideal woman sitting at beloved motherinIaw, to sh$ro each other's the bedside of a frall,8ick one, her hand laid joys and sorrows together Jn preference to a life spent .only for theirown interest-thcaressingly upon the frail, brew, while her such devotion and. union is an pvlt cburso low, gentle words were 'spoken and looks were exchanged which ; told of deep and and an abomination in the .sight of .God? happl-- ; .Was the Anti'polygamy Circular: presented pure affection, that, was a fountaiujot ' - to me j 1 woud feel: like inviting the carness to each could you bavo heard a low sweet voice warble forth two or three charmrier tq j ah Inspection of r iriy?; comfortable at the home tell: themi of .myjhusbandfs care and weary f ing melodies; , the request of Snvalldr could you, note, the earnest desire tenderness7myiunbounded iconildenceliin ) to of&:self,i you ; his virtue and? honor; ! would introduce please, entirely : l my, home associates an their children and might ask if these! were sisters with the ties of: kindred ? No; they are sisters of ask them what they had to offer me in; exto bless.oach Gospel tie, striving unselfishly change for all this? . Have they the power to better ourv mental physical and .social other as the wives of one man. $Tom this ' comscene goes forth the loving peaceful condition?; "VVe know they, have hot, so' we s, to a officiate In of her will continue tb trust in Him who has been panion meeting whoro her influence is. felt fo'r gocd as our unswerving friend In the past V J she urges all . to lives of righteousness and . putity, sowing seed to, gladden the hearts of the ; harvesters in after years, who will , ) Bjlyaud Taylqb, born orQuaker parenti stirely reap the v reward of the . labors now In Chester Coi, Pennsylvania January, . age, n o - ?X;r v,w") ;V',I' , died atlBerlin, Germany,;nccem-- c r From the performance of thb duty she ' ber 1825, st; 19, ll878prlntert;etf1traire.ler, Joins the social evening party, only to win n I lecturer, inovelist,t diplomats-manew laurels of, esteem as a blessing and In the last character he was greatest of all; tp , society 7 Besides visiting the but Bayard i Taylorwasressentially a poet, ) alck and administcriug.' to ;.the poor, she and had he devoted his tremendoua ener-- : finds time' to read good books, to correspond t gies. solely to the development ofi hia mari; ..with friends and eyea write many "articles velous gifts in i that; direction, would have U in prose, and poetry. She has, no time and tho grcate3t 'American poet of : the been ufno disposition to indulge, in morbid fancies 'n. ;; iu;i ?j' : century. Ex. i and; Tain .imajlnatlpns prpdticlng, despon- -' Mb. CuTifc has IntrPducfed a bill InHho sheichopsQs .tobe' i; dency anjdistisfipfctlpn : useful arid j happy, and. of "course: succeeds, House of Representatives to repeal "section 4708-o- f tho Beylsed Statutes, and give pen-- ; &u This description is from np slons to widows of soldiers who are fancy it is a reality to. which t my j feeble, has done not. or may Justice because It i also provides jo untried, pen there are always many Instances of. mental Uhat pensions paid, to dependant mothers or conflict and; battles with x self, whlph result slstew shall continual paid rwnether in deeds of true heroism, and are not known are or married Cu tier wisely Mr. not" they or appreciated' by any- - sayojthat A1N rf thinks and thousands of others thirik with , I, searching eye," the Just Judgo above. him that the pension acls which provide In I this Where that pensions shall ceaso upon the Is( the bondage nMay ask, a case? a la such To Tv life of of tho pensioner are contrary to publife, 0 slavery ' those ladles interested in improving, the lic policy.- -. Tho records of the rcourts in Wo zeal 'every great city show It io arid sympathy are worthy pf a wider , field aro glad-MrCutler has, introduced thl3 bill, ' and .,w actipn relieving, tnose who are m tne hopo it will pasx-K- x.' ? Ohl ' and, hear conscience-stricke- n t . may this sweet, magnetic chald Through life extended be; It soothes my soul Id erery palnr And holds' me true to ttieel v .and not: be m , , 1 sis-tor- . " t ; . : . ; being-performed- jour-onali- or-,name- , nt: i ; - 1 lvr.nf ; J ' over-wroug- ' 1 ht ed; ; re-mar- rjc to-b-o - . ; re-marria- , .oOondltionior-MormonjWomenywh'o- be-tru- . j hi i e. ge 