. . MIlS. GAQE'B SPEECH AT THE WASH- - s KVSlTEt)'1 STATES' BIGHTS Mrs., Gage said, VEBSTJa I have never STATE so fully felt tho refponsibility.of the work in which we are eiirgaged as at the present time. Never ha&BUch Reeling of1 solemnity, vsuch a conception of the vastneotaYC undertaking. To! lift i the obarderi rwhicrV Ffor I a' g'es has -weighed dowK oneihalfe'of humanUvvvto meet; tho wrongsthoramimulatecl 'suffercombat ing,' the; inj q sticeiDfc the i world , thepnciogtprejudicftfwhich everywhere Xr stop jrmer,) and yfiairao(ptheo(iry?of sor- rowmQu aoa rest wr- w eh remainder or i jpauno t. 3 j. n et pu ra en o t rf?t , , J :to - : e ' if. A. Mfm muugw rl. jvuuiii fcuui j M A a. I 1 1. J .0;tne sor- - fflft 9fr P9yqrty: and y7 py.es, iPf ?Mt cfimer8Q;he4bC5 ine; nd remem'wtedsf of the good dooIT the' bering regard t irtgitbotone'who grasped the' hand le of' tho . PJouJnand looked! backylfeeb that Hrijilc X may? I.mustfstM Work ori.t . rom-ia$all,. speak tupoq the: fonttdattdn princi- P"8r.?f our goyornmQnk' wMcby: without conceit to, myself,;!: can isayjom better; un. by .thq jadies of jihp National Wo-- s man $uffrgge rA9SQcjaiqQ;n my associates nwnhis platform,, than iho, etatosmen 'ih cyonar h6s'e. consist .CapitoV, Inrflvlduat: rigliti: .anomaly MtfAe.t.Mst tmy right firptp&tfa it pf per-eonx- if, ia? a curious that have: always- beeu ' - Tcogiiized 'before the riirhts of .person. "No The, Evolution; tiati ufor iti war-cry mr forefathers wanted wasIfdply ilrfit protec-tlori'- of property,1 and aFthb' ipeetsni of the lOoflgre'Washinoiddin claimed tho intention" ' of tho Colonists to frame an?. independent 'government. ":: Tho Eagiahideai of nights has1 always been the rights ;Of: , property, Mauy persons are amad that, the, woman, suffrage question is so inut &rtyer 'advaibdedrfn GreatvPritain . house in which she lives withilhcfeoofitons.ifeyop nt and shelvote lntiHer-soon for1 & tainr-'iea-Ul s ors,'dototvoteV 'Thisis fhb tiction" of the law iouecotiad andjT'doubl iiof; in ling-la- n also. il You see1 il t k ttottho person who votelbMt thoropcrtty,' iQur country flyWSPiated:wUh lU otrh'true prrnci-Pj- S .aroitheurights rofrperson; Indl. Ir VfaA. Jooking V?aKtefe the through a International-Peac- WW e influence certain delegated to allow in proportion to thefrjtfoperiy instead of their h popuWtionr. ilt' was ' argued that States should xot'desire' influence1 only in; But proportion to . the, taies they 'paid; this proposition was cpmbatted by other d elegate. who. recognized the real pfinci- .ples ofiour goyernment to be those oV personal rights, ad theyiagued. that rail persons in a state of caturerWP.uld h we equal .right to representation tme of , the .first formatl6nof jjd property ,'tcV liavogreatpr .representation ? . W6ald be1 to niale sliVes ot tno3e. not 'j after much debate .the question the basis 'bf personal rights;' but still,' such is thV influence of inheritedtendencies: We Arid our nation still governed, !Jn great de; gree, by these fancied rights of property. 'AVo fiequently hear men say, i am f;willto have yote.,) 'ingIn other are1 mofe En. rneh wordd, these ' gliBh than Ameriean; they are more permeated WUh'the rights of property than of as finally , settled- upon - tax-paylrtgwom- en person. - ' ::r. There is another American idea that is not understood. as it should bej this is, protection for the right of suffrage, and here I shall endeavor to shoW you the principles of the National Woman's Suffrage Association, and their true Accordance with the' ha-- . tionalidea of personal fights.' What wo demand is national protection for 'national citizens in the exercise of their right of vot- ing, and this principle1 doe3 not confine itself to women, but applies equally to men. United Stated rights i3 the next greatques-llb- n fo'.cpme before fhc nation, .'state Bights we have heard :of until we quite thoroughly1 understand its demands, but it is a singular anomaly' Jn the carrying on. of onr gbvernmeht that while the Nation con. trols all these minor questions of rovehue, tariff, coinage of money, declaration of peace and war, ' it allows the very right of self government" "upon which it stands as a nation, namely the suffrage, to be under the control of the States. Experience has not yet taught the people its danger,' although tho doctrine of State Rights has been tho Itocfc updti which1 the nation has severar times nearly foundered. " Under the Confgderatlsn of 1778, (July 9, 1778 ratified by eight colonies,) beforo we became the United States, tho doctrine of State Bights was'not 'primRirily, a southern one; it originated in New England, and as far as fatherhood bf;this theory is concern. edf thoiNorth;and not the South, must bear the burden; Calhoun learned its first a northern college, that of Yale, In Connecticut, from President Dwight, and in a Massachusetts law office, that of Thoophilus Parsons, ho was taiight It in an intensified form to'takd with 'him to ' ' bapk : v South Carolina. - Women Interested themselven in it as welUas mori. Mis3 pinekney, the only lady whoover'recelved the honor of a public funeral In this country, wrote so vigorously In its favor that it was said the Nullification Party of South Carolina was consolidated by the nib of a lady's pen. Miss PInckney is an illustrious example of the power, irresponsible though It may bo, that over has been wielded by woman in political affairs.' To her wo may look back as one of tho chief Instruments in bringing about our present remarkable complications. As the invention of. tho Cotton Gin waseaidto have perpetuata ed shivery, (and its invention was due to a post-road- s, " : n 1 apararapii ex- - 8ufere? vassals:whoe SfftSSf ve3 th0 soyereiga could alike pr??SfS-use option, yet how when sovereign Yuil-9- , ??nsP of their representative tow ?: everrrheehheld morSelffi l. iiit -- ; po-Itic- al oi powerfulwrit-ingsfixe- d the public thought in the line of State Bights. She gathered all the fleeting impressions brought by. Calhoun from New England, consolidated them into a harmonious whole, and the real State's Bights party was born. It is always acknowledged that not the originator of an idea is so truly responsible for its fatherhood as is tho one who brings it prominently before the world. ; 5 coiiid-ttoei;inl?- woman) so Miss Pinckney's somo prin-ciplesj- life 'unddrUhls fdea of ProRify rjgbtsi flnd; bur nation ' is not yet Praon. Hi ' Atjhe Jframihg.of the Constitution (Eainp-woul- dr rltut 'm depe'ndete'jliteffdrt w ! rights; vf : I' i rr-- t T . twelve years afterzpujr iNGTQN CONVENTION. i ; Thiawas iMiss Pinckney's position as reIt was gards the State Rights question. begotten in'New England, born in South Carolina, and jeared to. manhood by Miss Pinckney. Despite all that man says, despite all the opposition she meets, woman will play her part in politics; it may be well) it may be ill, but always with .power. From Mercy Otis Warren, of .Massachusetts, down .through Miss Pinckney, of South Carolina, to the latest;by-pla- y of Agnes Jcnks, it is impossiblo.for pur country or any other to eliminate Women from politics. The question comes down finally to this one:Shall women be. endowed with a responsible, power, or shall she continue to exercise her rights in an unrecognized and irresponsible way whose results may bring harm that responsible, recognized power . ' . cannot do? It is a matter of regret that women do not thoroughly Inform themselves of wo. man's nowerful - - " influence in the oast, uoon At least let thm , recognize her politics. power in our own country in the past and where we not only have a Jenks but a "Gail Hamilton" exposing fraud5,and a western; wife nd daughter openly recognized as obtaining through their influence z.- - A to-da- . M y, a senatorial seat for husband and father. But to go back. In 1782 Rhode Island re- fused compliance with the recommendation of congress for a tariff dnty on imports and prize goods, and through the speaker, lion. Wm. Bradford, of the Lower Ilouse of Assembly of that State, made their ob. to congress, under three jections heads, which it is not necessary to preient here. This action of Bhode Island led to prolonged debate and finally to a recommendation from congress that the States should invest that body with greater power for collecting revenue and prosecuting the war, than it then possessed. So permeated was the confederacy with the idea of colonial supremacy-r-remembe- r that although this.was two years after the Declaration of Independence the union W25 only a con. federation of the colonies, hot yet having grown to either the stature of States or of a constitutional government so thoroughly was this separated sovereignty idea a part of the confederate idea, that the proposition to invest congress with greater power was only agreed to by four of the thirteen ccn federate. colonies, and yet it was an obviously necessary suggestion provided the union, such as it 'was, was to be preserved. This with what was needed to establish and confirm the tfation again led to active debate. From rovenue, public debt, and the security of property rights, the debate took fwlder range, and the controversy soon based ""Itself upon the security of personal rights. Then were uttered these memorable words "that it had ever been the pride and boast of America that the rights for which she contended were the rights of human nature" and"that the citizens of the United State3 were ro. sponsible for the greatest trust ever confided to a political society," and that it was for tho pcbplo of tho United States, by whoso will, and for whoso beneflr, the Fed- non-complian- ce 