tet V - The dear little girl awaklajr Out of ber balmy Bleep, 7 Aj though her heart were break! off, Is beginlnir softly to weep. OJ what Is this wonderful sorrojr That shadows the darling's eyes'? And what loving- art can we borrow, To banish the sad surprise? Then she says, her head on my shoulder, While sobbing still she cUngs The closer, to arnw that enfold her; VI want my beauttfur things." And unconsoled yet, though we find her, -Her treasures and dolls erery one; She weeps, looking round and behind her; 'They were beautiful, and they are gone." 80 this is the mystery is It, Has conjured the grief and tear? We were talking of Santa Claus visit' And now she has dreamed he was here. Ah! who can o'er take us the fancies? These spiteful and mischievous things, the rarest, end, by one umphant- -- rl e if i?P "lights of the sanctnary-t- he took e-am- : e f theform of t?1?nc,ens arta had their birthat tht kZ? u6 The dance triumph to ! ..- K WHouorfZ danced before scene - a h,mself " in - j Jriliapd heart,Jhey;gp,ianot in hani All the fac ulties .aregivecL to make a perfect whole. Mrs. Siddons and her brother, John ble, werfr ' wielded this migKty. power pvera .PQpulAtlanof . nearly lour jniyions theircHaracters'Mla woniarj: as a lady and gentIefdenWaiISvn'' the-magicians-w- -. -V - sJ J fair and unimpeaehed.- - Their sculptured forms are in the National galleriesr to day, as well as their pictdres.by4he'flrat; artists. iThere were ; other: starsjireVolviri (around these planets, altogethekjifonilng. a galaxy that made tbafltageJ of: ihat bra wonder and a theme. , Could l. notjifiucit aiatage hand In, hand with the: pulpit And; jgo one assist the other? Jf npt;Why not? unitedly Is a vitiated public taste always jt beipan-der- ed to, tilt the sensa whatirjeaUy ; is and ano. great, grand, elovatIngIs jqsti sigh t - heard-jtjifs'cfn'd'.''' J WMW l& bt, -- I off anci .lightnMSjr;aTna.pevi nothingness, is held ud as "sniendid f "beautiful," exquisite, and a hbs t oXoiher n vr.M. i mm nm r i i i m n nnn lAiicuin m grand being put down as passo,f ioned. etc. .Let such be told til Pro ,1a an T EterhalTJJeauty;;that ' 'never growa oldan i ' it' 'nfA.nnlAMkir.ll' inac jjt piciuttt piiuiiujuy lt' noming can destroy; and in this beauty and, this kuWlmrf il ; ! ii-- i'i 1 oTd-fas- h. . mv.iu s vMtti3ver.piHce exniouea, ana , awakened to this 'AimicrhtV Bftaiil tfc'f Will attract-tbheart and :bra1rt 'Ari4nVof lect: that has the power to soften tho h awaken the apathetic, arouse the'Intellifcbhfc J . 4111 U 11 . nu liiuy oecome as uoasana wield a suiui power that shall. bend and break, ana bring rail pliable by the eoft'and gentfo- - hand-of the love and beauty, of God; 4U ; , 5 e 1 V f SSfe - . the-poi- nt S ea,re f, Jtt5 s 7 good to awakeai&ea ood 'soars aloft tri uttered, sharp ahdneeded rebu inflicted, a stinging cut struck Into vanity, or hypocrisy, then such appladse, endorsing ity Is a good and wholesome, sound, and one that puts us in good humor with humanity. Yes, to , evoke what-- , is goodin ourlhearts, tp summon forth the hply ?parktiwhichiof-telurks there unseen,but still to make us feel thatdesplte theunquenched. cold selfish crust, which: long"8trug experience of Jsfpme 6 Its hollo wness," is, too apt to encumber us .'with, that at thp bottom, the well ;bf iieart is still bright and gushing, and that its streams can stiirieap forth sparkling and fertilizing. To pidvo all this, we have but to witness some noblOj !em. deep, thrilling, dramatic bodied by men and womenperformance; capable of comthe: prehending great authors. Ahd there are nut very few clerical orators and teachers of sacred things ;that can so waken un ..J a. iL AM mo uormauc lacqities, ;all out, the strong aspiration to imitate rthe? glorious model presented to their eye an heart. Why could , not: some of the strong and highly , dramatic scenes of Scripture be brought; .before th.a, eyes, of audiences, and bo made a powerful lever to awaken so m?ch eI1e1ous filing that lies dormant in so many souls? Breaking 'up new ground In many a now almost :dormant heart brain Why not? ,1 fancy I have and heard something of this, mooted by ome, party but am not clear oh : To at the present time, the Scriptures aremany, a bacred book; to others It Js f'dry and' uninteresting." There is a cause for this, and let every mother seo that such apathy in a young mind does not lioat her door: there is not'a little child born but might grow up uuu6 'ue Dcnpiures,.ana desiring to imitate Its models, If its infant mind was im- bued with its simple but sublime pictures. One single family, six years ago-amore especially two, of its member nd el, vatea the; London stage and all its complicated appendages, till it did almost super- hQ Ip?U ' Th0- Srand theatres. were ?hve Vronged evervnight, to suffocation. ; op and.women rushed to.the Theatre, that 'they yet.toodgo; they . tJXTZ&fel? And si ill sM and the Temple wTre mm thlngslq:ariseQjahi had n W6re Stntc S 3? t es which gaveJtblrthf iWhen agreat deling truth is a ihhxr 'nniitA "hut: f fain ,IF axran but a few. steps, to the models, sQ,onder-full- y portrayed before"7 'th women left thqsq scenes, awakened to, better ea'mastestrkp the bad is whoever has ' fin fhnf. Altar, lieves not in the true, leal honesty? SnoVnad A -- e not all faith in the good hearts and Vight The Theatre has, Jn these days, bo deeen. un might be lifted:in to a region tliey, haA not before earjied lot "lienjwhose Tey ei had not. shed, tears since they could remember, were melted" down to . play Vtha f woman'L wun ineir eyes, as a up souls: their hardness was cane, .their "souls becanie "clay jtf lh'e: fiends 6rhe pot ; struck down and fhe . not then code f. morala and manners 8uaSn are calle1 heeniiehfe1ed " d.ay Vhat " yheartand golngta thefieart, when in the BY HANNAH T. KINO. h T: , "organ- - re-echo- - grandest minds were i, wmld" ?y . TUE THEATRE AND THE TEMPLE, "born united," handin hand in i.;. 3eonstrao bo : And flit on invisible wings, Now Auntie, don't laugh at.tbe biby, For ha vent we all of us known, Of dreams sent by Cjpid and maybe, Hare wakened to find they were flown? And should some old cynic endeavor To prove us such dreamings are vain? ' Would we, older, beliuye him? ah never! But listen and trust them again. But as she can give no description Of the treasures from.f airy-lan- d ; Nor a clue to the mystic direction, bough! In which the winged thieves might be sought ; J ust listen a moment to mother; Here's an easy and beautiful And as we know of no other, plan, WeUl trylt, as tyUckaa we cm. Just dress her up warm la the furs, Santa Claus brought last year; And wheeVouUhat earrlagof hers, iL With cushions and robes for the dear. And take her all over the town, Where holiday toys are displayed, ' For possibly they may be found, Amf& other treasares arrayed- And which ever the darling avers, Is the very same she lost; . Be sure that the things re hers, Whatever the size or cost, And ah! might it ever be so, That waking from dreamings deep, They may into realities grow And their beauty be hers to keep. ABCOWAjo-CiwonIB02r- . Theatre should the legitimized a school for morals and for manners, for artistic beauty in Its highest forms; and the love of this lies deep in a thousand souls of culthat, alas I have never had the wand tivation . passed over them. ' Still, their spirits are like a fine instrument, complete in all its appendages, but needs the hand of the musician to strike the chords that will respond to the inspired touch, f fVYatch the absorbing interest of an honest f audience whose whole souls are engrossed by j the complex web developed before them, re joicing, and applauding with sound;, hearts and ringing voices at every escape from peril, every successful achievement of a being; struggling with oppression, and battling manfully lor his or her rights, and whowho ever heard tha, mighty heartielt shout which so often rings Tand from paiquette to gallery, coming from the - Nov3h. r-- . the display and - That steal even dream-toy- s, f lleve there was the least lightness or; lev ity, in the performance. Every act Is beautiful and artistic when the spirit dictates the body and most especially when the spirit Is cultivated and;reflned, and dictated to by the Spirit of God. Then there is , a power and a beauty that is irresistible.;, For 1 For the ExrOffErr. VANISHED TOYS. .'s- , , Fe Women have the stamina, to refuse ian: opportuhliy to1 flirt.-- ; No woman will admit that' 'she is'a fllrtl and howsfewcan resignna chance to flirt yt with an agreeable gentleman;. when such a flirtation? becomes an eligible Indulgence' There U always an: excitement inhe attempt, toi capture a man's affections which is too inspiring,- perhaps, td ie neglected : but there is an odium attached to tho.ex--citeme.wiich no woman j relishes; They love4 the purauit,,but fear the character it odca3i9ns... :AndItrie sa.me; remarks wlU aptO AS..WAlf Coquetry. 1 - nt ..Ply men rrnmn. - - a f m?ro ;c2ntemptlblerthan a male. flirt Yfho man Who Iovps in i .V " : Lv n amuse ,men t, the affections of. a, womapVla no moro . ft iTMO ,rumaa wnp is; ad: i dicted to lhft krforxf.Vl HQ l- it'' framo '"'' Mmfetitary pleasurel rilafforas; the . hearts z of 'men. j .... uj f x v. llv't.:r.j .. . ' y ; , p . 1 m NAWThurman, l is saia probably 