W O M A NS EX PO N B N T . THOU WILT NEVER GROW OLD. BY MRS. HOWARTII. .' rThou wilt nerer grow old, Nor weary, nor sad in the homo of thy birth: beautiful Illy, tby leaves will unfold In a clime that is purer and brighter than earth. Oh, holy and fair, I rejoice thou art there, In that kingdom of light, with ita cities of gold; ? Where the air thrills with angel boeannas, and where Thou wilt never grow old, sweet Never grow old! I am a pilgrim, with sorrow and sin Haunting my footsteps wherever I go; Life is a warfare my title to win-will it be if it end not in woe. Pray for me, sweet; I am laden with care; Dark are my garments with mildew and mould; Thou, my bright angel, art sinless and fair, And wilt never grow old, sweet Never grow old! Now, canttthpu hear, from tby tiomo In the 6kies, All the fond words I am whispering to tbec? Dost thou look down on me with tho soft eyes, Greeting me oft ere tby spirit was free: So I believe, though the shadows of lime Tilde the bright spirit I yet shall behold; Thou wilt still love me, and, pleasure sublime, Thou wilt never grow old, sweet Never grow old! Thus wilt thou be when tho pilgrim grown gray, Weep when the vines from the hearthstone are riv( n; Faith shall behold thee, as pure as the day -Thou wert torn from the earth and transplanted to .... heaven. ... , Qh, holy and fair, I rejoice thou art there. In that kingdom of light, with its cities of gold, Where the air thrills with angel hoeannas, and where . Thou wilt never grow o'd: sweet Never grow old! My Well .. . CRITICISM OF ANTI-POLYGA- MY ; - For the Exponent. ME- tue reading mc Meiuunat .. .... oocieiy, to congress, which in my I find statements and evince a erroneous tlonare entirely great lack of knowledge. First they state that Delegate Cannon was petitioning for amnesty and promising obedience to the law of 18G2. Now I never heard through any other source that Brother Cannon ever made such a promise. I read in the "Deseret News" that certain members of Congress proposed something of the kind to him, but I feel If he positive that he never accepted it. had lib would have died politically and he has borne testimony in public that plurality of wives was revealed to was Joseph Smith the Prophet, and that it a true principle. And had he given such a promise, what assurance could he have had that his constituents would obey, when he knew that they had accepted that principle as a part of their religious faith. Second: thoyarso. stale that President John Taylor while in France in 1853, then having live wives, denied in toto the existence' of polygamy among the Mormon-;Here the memorialists are in error again. In answer to this I will make a quotation from the work entitled, "Three nights pub-li- e discussion between tho Reverends C. W. Cleeve, James Robertson, and Philip Cater, and Elder John Taylor; on the 11, of July Ami-i'oiygam- y . France." at Boulogne-sur-meElder John Taylor speakingjn reference 1850 r, to some works published of an qbaceno character referring to this people, says; We are accused here of polygamy and actions the most indelicate, obscene and disgusting, such as none but a corrupt and depraved heart could have contrived, these things are too outrageous todmit of belief, therefore leaving 'the sisters of tho white -- The memorialists had "Deseret News" in such large letters before their eyes that they failed to see the accusations of many Eastern papers far more derogatory, even hinting that these same judges accepted $ 250,000 for their decision in the Electoral College case. We have had the skimmed mifk now for the cream. Fourth; they ask Congress to so amend the act of .15.62 that it may become operative by making the general reputation of conjugal relations proof of marriage and living together in polygamy to constitute the offence. Oh! Oh! Oh! just to think of Congress making such a law. What would become of them if they did, ourpenitenitaries would be filled full of men who fill high positions and are honored members of the best so. ciety, and there would be but few left to receive petitions. If report says true, the honorablo petitioners anlffeip'ense of sending their petition: were it granted it would strike home too close, hnA that live in glass houses dare not throw stoneK Anti-Polygam- MORIAL. r.i veil, the black veil and all other veils with those gentlemen to dispose of together with their authors as they think best. I shall content myself by reading our views of chastity and marriage, from a work published by us. If fail to see any denial of plurality of wives in the above extract and failed to do so at the time, and wondered that he did not do so, as the revelation on that subject was not published until 1852, and think his hearers had on some kind of very thick veils or they could have seen it. Thirdly; they accuse tho "Deseret News" of casting reproach on the Supreme Court of the Unitid States, that the decision in the Reynolds case was rendered under popular pressure by judges who are feeble wit. ted and cloudy minded. y ". Grantsville, April C, Mary 1879. MO For the Exponent. COMMENTS ON THE ANTI-POLYGAM- the last anti-polygam- peti- y tion and letter to Mrs. R. B. Hayes I could not but query in my mind what tho instito gators of that petition and letter wisheddo accomplish. Was it to rescue fallen, graded creatures from the grasp of their destroyers? Was it to introduce truth for error? To give homes to the homeless, husbands to the husbandleSs, and children to make glad the hearts of the desolate? Or was it to enact laws that would improve our social position, make us better citizens and allow us that liberty of conscience that the fathers of this free and enlightened country fought and died for? No! these were not the motives, Wicked and designing men would like to take possession of our happy homes, our d property, our beautilul gardens and fields of smiling grain; of our virtuous and daughters; it is this they want. They would like to introduce their bilgrog shops. and dens of iniquity, their liard rooms, and also their sectarian churches. How Boon would our pleasant, happy homes be turned into resorts for worldly-minde- d men and womea yes, even evil spirits and birds of prey; and because wo will not submit to these outrages, like the fox they cry "sour grapes." Men from tho first have signally failed in hard-earne- their attempts to put down plural marriage; now they have called to their aiL some foolish women for foolish they are in this respect, no matter how wise and intelligent they maybe in others. By flattery and poor pussyism they have so blinded these women that they, fail to comprehend the motives of these unprincipled men, and aro led on to become traitors to their fellow-sisters, to their own good common sense, and to themselves as ladies of this enlightened age. What care these for the purity of this people, our social position, our family relations, our prosperity, our loyalty to the parent government? bu3y-bodi- es But it is this: wo serve the true and living God; we are willing to Veep His commandments and to raise up to Him a Godfearing people noble, stalwart sons, virtuous, spiritual-minde- d danghters, who will build up a kingdom of righteousness, and make the earth fit for the coming of the Son of man. Surely the blackness of darkness has overshadowed them, and they see the pure and humble through their own darkened mirror. We ask not their sympathy, we need it not; we care not for their censure, we serve the Lord according to the dictates of our consciences We are determined to stand by the right! We cannotgive up our husbands! we cannot allow our children to be branded illegitimate! Better let us hide in the dens and caves of the earth, than give up any of tho pure principles of the holy Gospel of the Son of God. The vision becomes clearer. The winds may howl and the waves dash against the old ship, Zion; some of the seamen aro washed overboard, yet she rides majestically on, for at the helm stands the Lord God of Hosts, and I hear tho Still RmnUytwjow uaoiea anu bring you safe to that desired haven of peace and rest. M. March 20, 1870. Elizabeth Little. MlNKRSVILLE, BkAVER Co. March- - 17, 1879. Editor Exponent: Y PETITION. On reading 225 The Young Ladies Mutual Improvem ent Association here meet every Saturday. We number thirty six members. Our exercises consist of Book of Mormon class, readtestiing from Church works and bearing mony. Much of tho good spirit is felt in our meetings. We also edit a monthly pa- Index:'' per entitled the "Young Ladies' by many excellent pieces aro contributed ro We Association. of the members the with the help of the Lord to do some with our brethren good, and bo work. Knowto help roil on the Latter-dadoors, and ing that great events aro at our unless we keep pace with the times we shall fall short of tho blessings in store for the faithful. paper, Wishing success to your valuable of Christ I remain your sisters in the Gospel Margaret A. Goodman, Pres. Frances Pamela WoodjSec'y. de-si- co-worke- rs y pure-minde- d . women and widows All unmarried are householders or England who in rent-payer- s, can now vote on municipal questions. But the Parliamentary Suflrage is still withheld The vote on the bill for thir last was 103 for, to 217 against The steady work and courage of the Suffragists of Great Britain will continue till Suffrage there is as freo to women as to men. . 