.THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. i 4 was wafted toby The cror s are iiot o abundaht this grance of the J ..InSalt'XakatjrUUlL.,.' semi-monthl- y, n wards U3. season, on account,. of the:.; tc irclty orwattrjj us who1 were rnb't'ustomeorfo seeing yetio such large fields and itacks v of grain ,t hey socmed wondeifuh , ,: ;5 1 Morpni' is one' of the . oldc3t ; o v m in. the county and the "atonejvfiU and bUun, built Editor. pbBlied new-mow- One copy one year, 12.00; one copy six months, 1.00. Ten copies' for the price of, nine, r Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of 'nonpareil space, one per month, 13.00. r A Uteral discount to tine, Term ( at the time cf the Iudiau trubltt, gives it i rather an ancie'n t appeara vco Exponent Office, Lower West Room ofttie Council to F.tom Moroni we went on Falrview, passBusiness IT&orirs flouse, 66nth y Temple Sti let. ing. through, Mt. Pleasinl on our way, leuviiig from 10 a.m. to 5 p'metray ilajr excejrt Sundays rn'nrV an appointment there for a geueial meeting to :'". Address all business communications to be hel J ihe following day. Mt. Pieasaut is inm a Publisher Wokak's Expoheht, deed what the name Indicates; the situation r ' Salt Uke City, Utah. is very omuntic, and it has every appearance of prosperity. We arrivtd at Falrview in time AUGUST 15, 1879 SAIT LAKE ... it CITY,, ; hold two meetings the same day, one in the .' f evening, and as it was the anuiversaiy of the NOTES BY THE WAY. organization of the Yi L. M. I. Ar there was a party in the evening, which commenced a We have had suchypleaant, time recently soon as the meeting closed. Fairview is a much visiting in, toe, ouinern settlements, mat we larger settlement nthan we had thought, and are deiroas(iof giving our 'readers a brief dethere is a very great number of cbi:d ren. . The scription of, a1 fly ing vial t through Sanpete, Co. Bishop was an old acquaintanca of ours in We traveled la theinteresi btlie organizations childhood, and ,wo weie were delighted to see of women and children, and also cf the Wohjm after so many yeara, surrounded with man's Exponent.;- - We were tcsompanied by bUssiogs on every hand, beloved and honored. Mi8.s Kllzabethniioward and our daughter His aged mother, too, w hom ,we had known in IiOUle . H former dajrs iri pur good- btd NewEogland Leaving thls city by the Utah Southern home, was ai?o there to greet us and inquire, mornicg train, we arrived in Nephi just before about old friends. It is always pleasant after noon, where we held a meeting with the Us- long years to meet these we knew in eaily Jile; t9 vi .iuo ivbuci pocieiy at two o cjock p. m. -itcaUs upjnajax4eep;emoUon NepbVrisa flourishing rsllraadtotrn buried in the inner recess f of the. heart. : though, until recently the nrnnlfl; Vtam tided Swm ErlewwvL returnedJojMtLpJeasant, almost i entirely ' ii non ncrHnltn!il -- nnfiill-a w, we held meeting inithe afternoonthen where The trees and shrubbery are abundant and on to Spring .City; arriviug there in time- to gUe It a pleating appearance. J They have exmeet with in the evening. In thef cellent farms, gaidens and orchards; and their morniDg we h ad another: meeiing, of the Pri-- J surroundings denoted prosperity.' E'der Orson Hyde' a ton was there with a carriage and mary Asociatlin and as many others as wculd fili;the haiiiiJdeeil kt'imost of the piaceawe horses, waiting for us when-w- e arrived, and vfslted ' the children, and with shortly after the close of the meeting we Were " on our way to Fountain iGree7tbe nearest setpftmlsiOirof m& BUhOpheyrwerrglrilZed" wherever it had not ben done pieyiously. tlement in Ban pete Co., and as it had been From Spriu' Cijy fw"e posted on to Ephralm. raining during the afternoon, the reads were not so dusty. Here the sistersNare' building a hall 'and store Having heard much of the beauty aLd graniaone,"and aplice to tore grain. At the, deur of Bait Creek CuDob, we were anxious to present time .thy hve over 1200. bushels of observe all within the range of our vision.1 The wbeat stored, most cf which tuey gleantd. 1yiiU road is winding, lyiog between lefty ridges of is a proof of what the sisters may do in mountains of a variety of c lor and shadmost storing up grain against a day of need. We of them rocky and steep, the shrubbery Yearnfound the ahte.B earnest aud diligent in regard to ihe stutiug of grain, and indeed it is quite of the fcolid rock; others ingly gro wese ;jriofe;' Wrdant," and I rees aid flowers wondeitul how, much ha been accoaplisntd helped to mak the piciure besutliul.' The by the organizations onvomen in so short a birds were tit glng all around u?, and he.e and time, commencing too, without capital. At there the squirrels, frtgutent d at the approach Ephralm we visited the two Sunday 8 hods lb' of and heard ihe children auswer questioua on the hurees, ran Jrom( busb 'to. bush to hid themfcelves. We all fully appreciated the Book of Mor mo u that astoniihed us. From this plaou we went to Maotl, where we visited scenery on our way; and every now and then tome of us would excMm, O how grand, how the Temple ground, of which we intend gtV-In-g a brief descripiion at anotber time, as also beautiful, how picturesque! Mount Nebo tan, be seen only a short distance away, the highest of other things we saw. Our space will not point lu chi vicinity. Away h towers above permit us to enter into details. At Mantl the all the rest, majestic, as they appear, as though sisters are building a rock store. We had a was it the crowned hvad the king o! aoun-tainvery full meeting thsre, many brethren were ' i.i': k'.y:y; t,: ,''. ;1tM, present. Wo reached the H'suop'a at Fountalu Qreen From Mantl w journeyed to JSlay fisld, Trom there to Gunnieon. In this place the Relit f just beforo dark, and founa Mrs. M.'A. P.Hyde waiting cur arrival. We were fclad to retire Society are erecting a large building, one pora we wereall fatigued by our long ride tion of .which, a larga hall, will be completed earlyy and drive through the canon. The next tbi fall. The other pat t of the bull Jing is deday we went on to' Moroni; oar route signed fora, theatre, with stage and other lay a'ong th field?, with mountains in the distance. The rooms adjoining; (he second story will contain people ;were.4rasy harvesting; and !! we were rooms for cocoonery, library an d other purposes. PIe&?.t(l to oUtrve they neatly all hid ry It la to have a mansard roof, and wU be, when at work, which so materially lightens completed, a very handsome building. the labor formeUy all performeJ by hand. The From Gunuhon wo weut ou to fleldi of grata were beautiful in the where some organizations wereformed, and sunshine, the next morning !w rodeovertar Juatj and""" 4niuftQi?lcharming.pwtoraUpic we sa'w haj fields, and Occasionally . '.took thB train to return htrmp. thj fra 3-0- regular adrertiaera. ' " " iv' - -- : I -- J ; '- - s . -; : . - . . r . . , ' . , , . , ; t - . ; ; - - tbt)-slater- we-met-wi- s tlii ' s. ! ;;-jr-- i ,:- - ! ' 'ma-chlne- , -- F-ye- tte, -- : At Fayette we parted with Mrs. Hvde, who had traveled with us all through Sanpete Co., and to whom we had become strongly attached on account of her many amiable and pleasing qualities and her gentle and attracti ve manner. Throughout our entire journey we were most cordially welcomed and hospitably entertainedr and every where the Bishops were specially Vkind and delighted to see the sisters' who bad come on a visit, hear them talk, and show tht-all the attention possible. We Were introduced to a grtat many brethren and iiterV whom we were very glad to meet, and who pressed themselves delighted to meet the sisters from the city. The scenery we saw would alone furnish subject matter for an article, but at present we wi 11 only eay Sanpee is In a prosperous conditi.n, and its valleys teem with plenty, ajd the children are a nuaaerjuj host. HOME AFFAJBS. We ilve cn hand reparts from eeverai branches ot women's organizations that, we intend i ublisbing as soon as possible. 1 v that" durincr ntir AVrsn tn We waa trlnr H!iH, mf ' ' i ..I I,,.-, n d iuuuvi cwuia oiacio cugagcu lu iuiitaiijr raising cocoons. The finest and largest quantities were those raised by Sister Maria Larsen at SpriDg City, and Sister Bebecci Wareham at Mantl. ! - W v .-- - .. 14 -- . V -1 1 , 1 1 U u U UUl v 6 whenT they sen d articles for publication they must seed the editor thtir real Rt cehlly we hay re ticii r ed .article 3 w i t h na da fictitious signatures, and the name; of the writer withheld - : O h TOq diy7 Augusts . three of the T wel ve Apostles were committed topriaon for contempt, in not implying of the order of the Court, which they affirm was a aia contributors-thaft , ,a v aab uwootr jf ' - t r ; . 'abaoIuteTy Tmr up before the newly appointed. Judge, but it is They have agiln posfpotfed until our cart eat prayers and sincere sympathy, and we trust they will not have to remain long "in durance vile." Brother Graves, of Provo, who travels in the interest of sericulture, called at our office ai.d informeii us he had taken from the North to Provo sufficient filk to make "uventy five yards, and that they were already making black tatlo. A meeting of the Silk Assotia-tioof Weber Stake will be heM in Ogden on Aug. 30, a( which time a full report will be gyeu of the condl ion of eericulture in that county, the number of mulberry trees, aho cocoons aLd eggs. Gov. Brayman, of Idaho, is pacing a short visit to our Territory. He la cn his way back to BoUe City, afur a short visit to his home In Wisconsin, and alao to the seat of government in Washington. The Governor waioneof the pvace commissioners who visited Kauvooat the time of the exodu of the Mormou people; eent there by the Governor of Illinois.' He Is a genial and cultivated gentleman, an is well "posted in regard to this peop'e. We like to meet such persons, have them visit ir Territory and become ecquaintid with lu institutions. We wish the Governor a pleaeaut aud safe journey to his field of labor?. Miss Amy Sherwin and Mrs. Murtha Por-th- tu have recently visited our city and won the admiration of a host of mt.se .vers, i he concert glven on Monday the 11th icsr.,wa9 one of the mot interesting' entertainments given here this summer. Mies oherwitThas a remarkably fine clear vo!ce,and acttd the part of Lec to-morr- n silk-wor- m 1 4 1 