WOMAN' S EXPO'NEN T. " of woman after marriage. ; i 7 MASS MEETING. PLEASANT meetingto protest against the anil polygamy , female are a God fearing people. Come to our meetings in the settlements away from the city; liateu Sabbath after Sabbath to the teachings of the Elders, and those Eldtrs, many of them, living iu polygamy. I bear testimony that they teach the highest c.de of morality and the most implicit trust in Gcd; that they counsel the people to be industrious, and honest; to marry sober, young, that they may live pure and not go astray; that men mut be fiithful to tbeir wife, or wives, anil provide for them and for their families to the best of their ability. ' We provide amply for our po r, vhdt and care for the eick and afflicted, store up grain for a time of need, try to love pur neighbors as ourselves, to do good to them that bate us. Are these the teachings of a wicked and licentious people? ;Aro these the practices to con demn? That plural marriage binds woman and makes a her slave to man is utterly untrue; it is the beginniog of her freedom; It Is the door of her emancipation from slavery to man. self-sustaini-ng - First, the girls of 'this Territory ate not s afraid they will be old maids. Second, they need not accept the first offer for fear they will not. get another, as they know they can marry when they choose-- and whom they I . 4 : their daughters Third, mothers and parade the in around that they may catch a husband, which after caught often proves not worth having. Plurality of wives also provide s" for the health need-noTiffesa- " - petition, and declare our sentiments in regard to our holy religion. Mrs Mary J. T. Winters then read the petition referred to. On motion of Mrs. Margaret Walker a com- mittee of seven was appointed to draft resolu tions for the adoption of the meeting, viz.: M. Walker, Lucinda Harvey, Mary A. Street, E. C. Bullock, Elizabeth Harper, Snsannah Wool-le- y and Mary A. Pratt. " During the absence of the committee the i ceting was addressed by Mrs. Mary A. Phelps. Mrs. Laura Liaton, Mrs. Pres. Brown Mrs. F. E. Stewart, Mrs. E. Walker and Mrs. E ilawley, who each made a few remarks on the subject of plural marriage, and entered a protest against the action of the ladies engaged in the Crusada against us. Mrs. Mary J. T. Winters read her sentiments in an ably written address which she had prepared for the occasion. It wav directly to the point, in defense of the' principle Of plurality of. " wives. Miss P. E. Brown said: "I am proud of my birth in Utah and that I have been feared in polygamy: From my earliest recollection my father hes been a pracVcal poiy)rmist, and were it necessary I would raise my voice in protest to the kings; and (juoens of the earth against having our sacred fantil ties severed as one portion of our family is aaf dear to me as another. We are much obliged to our neigh.but bor sisters for' would advise them to keep it till 8olic3t.ed.'f . Miss Clara Halllday: "I am proud to state that I am a polygamist by birth as well a3 belief. I know my parents are sincere In their religion.and its practice, and thongh. we may not have the advantages of book knowledge equal to some of the childien of the; world, have the Spirit of God to teach! us wisdom.'1 ytreMiss Rosa Brown; "I too am a child born in polygamy, and I am proud to declare it to the world. 1 lcok upon my father as a man with whom the Lord'is well pleased because of the integrity of his, heart in keepings bis commands, and'feel.to pity those who are striving to depilve us of our inalienable rights, and would ask them to move wieel.y nd petition , Congress to admit Utah as a State, which her people have so long merlte d." ' ; Mrs. Hannan VVoolIey; ICarren Heieett arid many other ladies raised, their voices In earnest movement protest against this which threatenetho rights A'o' hold so dear. . y ' grove. Mrs. Emily C. Bullock called the meeting to order and moved that Mrs. Elizabeth Brown preside; the motion wax carried, and Miss Pauline Brown, and Mrs. Fannie E. S:ewart were chosen Secretaries. After singing and prayer Pres. Mrs. Brown explained the object of the - ' ' ( ' thirseimiug.'jitb) . anti-polygam- y v The report of the committee if as then pre sented and the resolutions adopted by unanimous vote. Closed with singing and benediction. Secretaries. this i ; s choose. God has revealed principle for the salvation of His people, and woe to them that fight against it. God has promised to those who ask in sincerity that He will give them a knowledge of the truth of His work, or the principles pertaining, thereunto. Plurality of wives is one ol these principles "Ask and yo shall receive; knock and it shall be opened unto you." Mary. Grantsville, Bee. 9, 1878. The greattst eDemy woman can have is woman. Whether they are instruments in the hands of corrupt men or not, they alone know bow to be the worst foes of each other. The last crusade is jmly one proof out of many of this assertion. Those ladic-- who allowed themselves to be the cat's paw In this crusade cannot be deep thinkers; they do not think for themselves, they are merejy the echo of others, who,, with or without region, hate the Latter dhy Saints- Thos- - ladies, if they had thought for tin mselvis, would never have consented fo hich they now be placed in the position in tandthe ei'fmies of woman's freedom. They know, j iliey use their freedom unbiased by prejudice, that they have never lived in any place where w oman is as free as here in Utah. Not the freedom, so called, of licentiousness, which biuds "with fetters strong as death, but the freedom that lives above law. In np' communitdrT the face of this broad land is the criminal calendar so small as among this people, whether male or female. But this is a digression. .What I wish to reach is the subject of plural Saints marriage as practised by the Latter-daThose ladies .. claim itm to be an abomination., something awful; lometbing to be loathed, shunned, abhorred. But w by 7 If it is so dreadful, tell me why? Bringf your reasons, your strong reasons, and we. wilt consider them. Plural marriage has been practised for over thirty years to my certain knowledge amongst us, and where are the awful wrongs it has brought forth. This people both male and V I . 117 " List, but not least, WOMAN'S WORST ENEMY. '. - to mens lust. For the EiPONESX. Now for the proof. . Ask any student of human nature and they will be compelled to acknowledge that it would be Ihe salvation of thousands of wives temporally; Thousands of women every year are offered up a racriflce There will be no war when every knee la bowed How in homage, and supplication to God. longvO Lord, shall Nature's trim laws be disrespected, and our nation sutler the consequences of the lack of justice in their administration? Zina D. Young. 8. b City, Dee.O, 1S78. WOMAN - ; OBITUARY. Died, in Moroni, Sanpete Co., Dec. 6.b, 1778, Martha Ann Kemp, daughter, of Charles and Sarah Kemp, aged 17 years and 0 months. She attended our evening meeting Sunday, Dec 1, and played on the organ during the lervice. Her illness only lasted three days. She was a teacher in the Sunday School, and also a member of the choir. She enlivened us with .sweet notes on the organ. She was indeed a very interesting and Intelligent girl, and her sudden departure cast a gloom pver our settlement. She was always punctual and faithful in filling her position. She was a member of the Y. L. M. I. Association, and Was much beloved by both young and old. Her remains were taken to the City Hall, where the funeral was held, and appropriate remarks were made by several brethren. Twenty-thre- e vehicles formed the procession, and twenty young ladies followed her remains to her last resting place. We sympathize with her parents, and ale her relatives, who deeply mourn her absence. May her dust rest In peace, that when the trumpet shall found she will coma foith In the morning of the first resurrection. . " Farewell, dear sister, we shall meet no mora Till we arrive on Canaan's happy shore; v There we shall meet at our Redeemer's Beat, And cast our crowns of Victory at His feet J. Bailey. Moroni, Dec. 18, 1878. Died, at Nephl.Oct; 23d; 1878, of Diphtheria, Bessie Lizzette, daughter of Ed ward and BeIe Sparks, aged 7 years and 1 month. This was the eldest child a lovely little girl, and the parents are greatly affected bv H, feeling it to be a sore affllctfon. She was Sunday School scholar, and was of a taosf lovable disposition, which .'endeared her ;6 ail tier; associates and caused'her to be heloted ,by all who knew her. It is sad indeed to ''part, with oujr; loVc'tt ones, and we deeply sympathize with', the parents and family of this little girl, but there are sad experiences of this sort In life, and we ' should be specially tender to each other and thus bear each other'a burdens,. We know and have an aesurance that tbeee JUtleones are saved from a life of sorrow and troubii.V:Buf-fe-r little children to come unto me and. forbid .them not, for of such is the kingdom of hea ven. DiEDat Ilocipbr Summit Co., Utah, Nov. 25th, 1878," toI m'flammatioa of the bowels, Charlotte Underhlll Marcben i, . wife of Marchent, age years, 6 'months and 15 day Ss- Deceased was bom May, JOtb, 1827 at Wick war, Glostershlre, EnglantC 8be leaves-- a huibandand daughter with numerous relatives and friends to mourn her loss. ' She was the.Treasuxer inxbur Relief Society and filled her office honorably She Was a faithful Latter-da- y Sainti beloved by all who knew her. .Her deathcast- - a 'gloom' over our little tettlement, but weYeel that our loss Is her infinite gain. 'Blessed are they who die in the Lord for they rest from their labors" and come forth In the morning; of he first 'f t :yrectlon. - ' iil JLHH ; BbyAt, Prest' B.' " i r . , - JEd-mu- nd - . ; ! - - : . SiiSTikra;Sec,y. a ; Four hundred women have enfered the University of London this fall. 