I - P t r . ' jy.'. ,' .. . t' ,. WO MAN'S EX P ONE N T. ; WOm'S THE f ' tively as man. There need be no rivalry between men and women, there 8boulil ba none; let each preserve his or her .own identity. Nature l&s. made sufficient.compensation for the peculiarities of eacb. Let , woman remember that no home cn be really attractive without intelligence, without a broader sympathy than that which confines itself lo.one's own family. Whatever efforts woman can make', whatever she may do that is hot detrimental to home life, that she should be permitted to do without lidicule and c wi he ut censure. m I inflated Iscxmon Term:; One CQP7 Editor. CltyiJUtah. jew, 13.90 one eopysUf raonths, price of ; nine, r AdyejtLBlng Ten copies for the line of nonpareil pace, one ratea; thae, 3.CX);f r month, 13.00. , A liberal discount to ;, : ', r, : ; rejulr adyerUeeri T Exponent Office, Lower' .West Room of tte Council hours House, Booth V, Teinple Sti'cet. to 5 a.m. 20 Sunday, from p.mi ererydaj except Address all business communications to 1.00. W?tm ' - ' FoWiiher Woki Vltooins, r. ;t':4: tSftttLikettty, tJUh. . . : '. , r ff in. hi f'' ...in -- HOME AFFAIB8. J First, lDo the' duty that lies nearest thee.?' This is a motto ;which it would bo well to re- -' life. It member, and practice in our every-dais a very common remark that woman's kingdom is home; we hear it on every lde, and we heariily endorse it. Tho.averag.ejduties of a woman VHfe are nome; dutie8jand the avocations which arise from the relationship of the family; a work which men; bave:;not the tact, of delicacy, to manage, ro women; we most earnestly believe, ii committed th happiness, the Jeacef airiest and the 'dignity 'of 'the home. man will n'd that : her work' diirjers from her neighbor's,' according to her circqmstances Tin d capabilities' Vben women bafre a ,bome' their nature is such they aUacjtbselyes' 6i It, but .'to' Jive entirely y A book entitled rtS6ngs of the Heart," will shortly be issued. It ia from the pen of Hau-na- h T. King, a writer and regular contributor to our columns. Tha title indicates the style of the book, as the poems are really of the soul. The first part contains. Early. Poems, the latter part those of a hla book w.il 1 be a desirable addiJater date. tion to, the; home! libjary, and also to the libraries of, the different associations. well-know- withjq jj, to Imv othethouglit,: the ruin all the faculties of that elevate and enlarge the eoul. Because woman is so blest as to be moored in the haven of home, does it follow that she has no duties outside, of H?, Shall she breathe no other atmosphere? Is there no, development outside the home M)at woman's nature demands? Has the world no claim upon, women, and self-developm- ent, . has woman no place in it except her home? We have heard from some persons that she ha not, that there is plenty for women, to do In- side their own homes. There be plenty 'my of work for men to.do inside theljr own workshops, offlcesdri study,' and with the delights of their home to make a little variety for them, it would be njore; than women ;have who con-fl- ne themselyea within their home, with very little change except to take care of restless babies. How would: men like auyiboundary set for them?? 'What opportunity has' a woman who devotes herself exclusively to her home, for-- ' improving her mind and relieving the monotony that becomes ofttimes unendurable to women, making' them irritable, nervous and ..'"! unhappy? Has not .woniau some relationship to -- the world? Is she not a citizen of the world? Does she not; possess iludlYldualU? and, is not her opinion of, some. weght aod consequence to others! besides her ., own immediate familj? Women, have large cools; and they should have room to exercise them. ;it is! not 'that they need more work, but they require fresh stimulus, and occasionally to step out of the treadmill into a broader path. We grow tired of hearing that men outgrow their wives nien-talj- y; that while the mother is bearing and rearing her children,' the husband; the father is growing every day in mental vigor, and in activity Iq, those pursuits which feed and strengthen and e!evate him-.- Then let woman haye.every avenue; open to her for cuUur e and Ut her expiesi her yiews WaUbjicU with . n out-pcurin- gs tYtritmitiiS'yd . If there are any YIi. M. Ir A. that issue manuscript papers who have not reported to us, we would feel obliged to have them report by letter at their earliest: convenience. State the name of the paper, the date of its commencement, and how often issued, the subjects treated upon, or any other items of interest. ' fwwyTM-- r 'WOMAN'S RELATION TO HOME. , " r SALT LAKE CITY, ATOUST1879. ,tli $2; Best six as much freedom,.and be listened to as atten- EXPONENT. Xbe moat iappy to, be able to state that the Executors of the estate of the late. Pres. Brjgham.Young have been rflesed from the psnitentlary ; where they were, sent for contempt, by, ;the decision of Judge Boreman Chief Justice Hunter, the newly appointed Judge, has reverted the decision and given his reasons in a plains simple and clear mariner in He has his,: speech in the court room. shown, respect for the law and manifested a ppirit of fairness which does him credit. ., ,: We would say to the branches of. Relief Society in the various districts, wards and settlements, that as Stftkd. Conferences are held quarterly, it ia enlirely unnecessary to make other jports ihan those made for. the Conference. Toe vssvme report must; be entered in their add may be read in the branch nuatiriga, Ifideaired, tg. of coursa all cannot attehd' the Stake' Conference, but a separate report? would be feu pei fl'jous, and the labor of the Secretary is hot a little thing. Those who ' Bre'fatlficrjualnted with' these matters have little idea of tne work it requires to ac; as ' W - . . - ; Best ten yds. silk ribbon, 2 Best specimen sewing silk, $1; Best specimen floss, $1; Best specimen twist, $1; Best four yards silk lace, $ I 50. We are desirous of ascertaining ail the facts in relation to woman' work-i- n any public ca, solicit paclty, and would there the Secretaries of the various organizations to send us a Hat of the officers of the, Society, or Association, they represent, and the number of members enrolled, with the date of organization. We often find it necessary to refer to these things, and would like' to be posted in regard to the matter. Isthere, a Belief Socie-;- . ? and who i3 the iPresident? and so ty in forth, are questions asked very frequently in this office. There are other .reasons why we need to possess positive information on these subjects, and we shall be glad if the Secretaries ..will respond to this call promptly. We have frequently received letters from s'sters residing some distance from this city and off the line of the railroad, asking if some of the good sisters who do missionary work among women's organizations wiii visit them; feeling that they need instruction, encouragement and advice from those who are expert-encein matters pertaining to woman's work in an organized capacity in the Church. It is only right that these sisters should be visited, although they assuredly are not forgotten , for it is well known their interests are identified with the interests of the sisters here, and some measures will be taken to have them visited when possible. We are fully aware that the Bishops and brethren in the country would willingly take the sisters who visit them from one settlement to another, and indeed we have been assured that such would be the case from f North to South. Let the sisters in those districts be sure that they will certainly be visited by some of the most experienced sisters from here as soon as practicable. far-of- ; "The Contribctor" " ' the year cbm'mehca'in will Lake Salt 1879, City, on the First Tday of October,' at such place as will be i; hereafter Jesigoatcd. - The' list of premiums :a offered u embracing Q jli Medals, Diplomas, Silver Mtedals.feronze Medils a'nd Money j it is : looped will prove a sufUcient stimulus to elicit :trjeUest specimens of Art, Industry and Stock whichlour thHvlnferrttorcan, prod6e. ' Ko "cWa lrJe.igtWfu to prernlutn1 that Exceeds two .(dollars' In value, unless ne is a member of the Society. List, OF ladies' woRK.c-B- cst collection of useful and ornamental articles produced by any Reiief Society, Sil ver IMedal; Beat two pounds of cocoons,-$2Best one puiid of cccoons by a ; unAi?Xears of ag gi; Best one pound ; of reeled silk, $3 50;, home-rais- ed silk ;mitti,,$2;vest six , silk hairnets, for -- 5 - 41 -- - '' , . , ; home-raise- d . $2; JBest: sitljoine-ralsedjsji- lk Dotted! neckUes, ; . ! - which they may ;bo tmly representedand thus become more) positively what theirnkme slgni-fie- s, mutual Help to each qt'her;and In no way could thi be . sd well and so Etlsfectbrily accomplished jil1 ihrouli' thW' pr ess, and by a paper In.theliK fecial ineresi!. Tnerefore, we hail this rio.w publication as a'h'atbihger of good to theyo'ungi and hope it will receive. the patronage of tha people, whor are looking forward and expecting great things from our youth. We trust tHe young ladies will not be backward in doing their share towards making itjnterejtlng, by contributing tOjits c luinnsi SuGdESTTo'NS jiave been 'made by eeTeral people In regard to a iiprary fbr the inmates of the penitntlatjJ It was atgood idea, kind the result of.the'pulishIng6f artlclia by the dally ' papers on this" subject nas brought1 foWard number of books,' magazines and t newspapers for the use and recreation of the prUogers. Tnc work has commenced and wo hope, It will continue.; It 'may be th& means of stimuIaliDg ; 1 ' a ized associations demand some avenue through ! The Territorial Fair of Utah the name of Is monthly magazine about to be published in the interest of the young people of this Church. We published the prospectus in our issue of Aug. 15, and trust our readers perused it carefully. The first number of "The Contributor" Will be issued on the first of October next. A home magazine, with, all that theword implies, is needed in any community, and more especially is lit' necessary where5 there are eo many young people yearning for Intelligence of a higher order as' there are here. The organ- , ' . ? ; yi home-raise- d d . Sec-riiar- silk woven neckties, home-raised $2; -v , -- i gome and arouiins ihe tltlW'bf 'iheli'bettec 