W 0 M A N'S E X P ONE 81 EXPONENTS THE Editor. J In Salt Lake. City, Utah. Pa Wished Terms; uno copy uue. cur, ia; une copy BiX mumas, Ten 1.00. copies .for ,the Advertising rates. Eacifinare,.tcn lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.00; per month, f&OO. A liberal discount to ' ."""TT ' ' v regular advertisers Exponent pfflce, Lower. West Room of the Council Donee, South Temple "Street.' , Business - hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. ercry .day; except Sunday; Address all business communications to ' Publisher Woitisr's Exfotot t, 8alt Lake City, Utah. semi-monthl- y, . " T SALT LAKE CITY, NOV. 1, STORING GRAIN. g . In-vit- w pro-fe- v s?s-te-rs, , upon their efforts. Sine? the annual meeting in the interest Of ttoilog grain, held last November, several ex cellent storehouses have been built in different parts of the Territory, some in this city. These things should be reported, in order that all facts concerning the work may be ' kno n to those interested, and that others who have not jet built may have the benefit of the experience gained In practical work of this kind. Circumstances have much to do with this work of building, as well as gathering the grain; in some places the slstera' organizations have accumulated a considerable amouLt of means, and have not many poor to support, or to aid in supporting, onstquentty they are able to give more towards Btoilng grain, or helping to build granaries. AU who have read the article published in Woman's Exponent, No. 10, Vol. 5, October 15, 1S76, written by Pres. Young's wish and reviewed and annrovfid h him previous to its being published, cannot, It seems to us, have even a shadow of doubt as to the necessity of taking hold of this enterprise energetically. I know 'many questions ate and remarks made in regard to tLe expediency of this undertaking, and that if left in the hands of women not acquainted with the nature of gratnt I3 likely to bo made a failure a-k- ed 7 : TbatHlgrbns sa d, wbile be wai walking with That charming lady ajred forty, 'Vctept Miss Catcbum, Higona was her beau"1 She told him (confident Jally) that naughty . And prattling- fossip, Mrs Wilklna, thought she Heard Polly's cousin's sister's aunt say so. - -- This is no doubt similar to thejrlgln of the o the wheat being mysterlouslydispofed story ; of. The various Relief Societies and Young Ladles' Associations will please be prompt in fending in reports of the wheat they have stored. If granaries have been built in their locality, or are in the course of erection, let us have particulars, that all may bo recorded concerning this' remarkable and interesting enterprise. The meeting will be held in the Council House on Saturday, Nov. 15, at two o'clock P. M. We hope to leceive reports from all parts of the Territory, and that all officers and members of Relief Societies adjacent to this city will attend who can make it convenient to do to. Brethren, especially Bishops, are cordially In vitcd to be present. : 1879. As the lime draws Dear to hold the annual met UDg of the Woman's Central Grain Committee, wo feel called upon to make some stig- ge?tlons upon the subject, as it is a matter of some importance to the women of this people. in his It i weli known that President-Younlifetime counseled the sisters to store np grain for future emergencies, and also that he ad vted them to solicit their husbands for donations of grain and means to build storehouses. oMhe-- fulfillment of prophecies ans cient and modern, In which thfs people tohave implicit faith, it is consistent that wise and needful steps be taken in this direction, and that much earnestness be manifested in the matter, by those who are engaged in this labor, that others may be iu spired with the nece-sltof storlne ud ertain. for it cannot be by thn labor cf a few that this Mammoth woik is to be accomplished, namely, the storing of sufficient grain to fetd the hungry thousands who will flock to Zion when famine and sick, "nes cover the face of the whole land. This work seems an arduons one for the and many brethren have remarked that It was too hard, but no compliiots have ever reached us of any discouragement on account of its lab jriousne-jsbut on the contrary, even the sisters who have gone into the fields and gha'ned have felt much satisfaction in their work, a d have realized the blessing of God instead of a success. The sisters generally are aware that it is a question on which wise counsel is needed, and they refer to Bishops, farmers and business men to ascertain all facts con- nected with this peculiar, benevolent enter r prise. We have not only Pres. Young'ifjvdsjon, this subject to refer to, but we have remarks by Pres. Taylor at the Grain Meeting held in Bait Lake City: . "I consider this. gathering and storing of wheat as of great importance. I am pleased to find that you have succeeded as well as you have,' yet you have not a great deal, considering the size of the Territory, but you will Increase it. It puts me in mind of the history of Joseph; it took seven years in that day to prepare for the seven.years that were to came; we have not got any defined time. "If you ladies can help us and succeed in saving wheat for a case of emergency, it will be one of the greatest acts of statesmanship that could occur. We have been careless, we did not save our wheat as we should have done, and now if the sisters take heed to these things the men will find out that their wives have been wise in doing this thing according to counsel. The ladles are generally considered the weaker and4 more beautiful sex; but if we all do our part we will be la a position to receive the blessing of the Lord. I am pleaded to see that our young sisters are taking an active part in this work." ' And here are same remarks by Bishop Hunter on the subject at the same time: "It is very important and highly commendable to gather and store wheat. It has been said that bread is the staff of life. When we first came to these velleys, and Indeed since then, we have suffered for the want of it. We don't want to go through so severe a trial Again; at all times we should have wheat on hand. The Lord has been mercifnl to us; 'He has Lies? ed us w iih m uch grain, and much of it has been wasted. But in the future I hope we will be more careful of what the Lord has so abundantly blessed us with. Our Belief Societies are doing mush good; they have saved much suffering, and have beeu a great he p to the B shops. Tbey have the priesthood a portion of priesthood rests upon the sisters. Tbey are doing a good work, and particularly the storing of grain is commendable. May you coutinue and succeed in your work." Our readers will see by these extracts, republished from the Exponent of Dec 1877, that the sisttrs not only have the advice of Pres. Young In." this connection, but the sanction of living oracles in this p3culiar mission. Saint It is strange that any Latter-da- y should behove the rumors iu regard to the wheat stored by women having been exported. It would seeai too absurd to talk about, only when sensible men and women give credence to such vague reports, it becomes a duty, iu some instances, to contradict them. Is it not ridiculous to (suppose that women who have plenty t do inUhftir own homes, and have whatever (except the desire to do to labor outside, should appropriate the good) of bushels of grain, which they a few proceeds themselves hid perhaps gone Into the fields and helped to gle m? "It must be so" la the cry, as sme one asserted to us to day in reference to a matter that we knew all ab ut, and they only heard frum 'Dame Rumor;" as a humorous poet once wrote: ;" jpe obc NT. " no-occasio- 'It must be to, for Thomas Brown Esquire, Heard Blab's wife tell the son ol Mr. Smith (Ilua that was christen'd John after his sire-M- en often to transmit their names desire ) HOME AFFAIRS. We SINCEBEX.Y hope that those who have sent in reports of conferences and meetings of sisters organizations will have patience, and we wid try to be just, if we are not generous, acd remember all in their time. A NUMBER' of Sisters from this city are Invited by 8itcr Margaret T. Smoot, Prts. of Relfef Societies of Utah Co., to attend the Quarterly Conference of Relief Societies, of that 8ake of Zion, to be held in Provo on the 7th and 8th of this month. We LEABNby letter from Sister E. Howard that in company with Sister S. S. Richards, Piesldent of Relief Societies of Summit Co., she has visited and held meetings at Wansbip, Echo City, Evanston and Almy, all well at- -, tended." lister Howard and sme other sis'ers were expected at the Quarterly Conference of Relief Societies of Summit Co. in Coalville yesterday. We have received a ccpy of "The American Kindergarten, Magazine," eCited by Emi- ly M. Coe, hoom 70, Bible House, New York. It is filled with pleasant, useful and instructive articles in prose and poetry, questions and an- swers, and is. illustrated with suitable engrav- This method of teaching is becoming very popular, and Is extremely simple and easily adapted to the minds of theycung. The little magazine is one dollar a year, and is well worth the price in its for children. The fables of Lillie Devtreux Blake, c in pamphM form, frm the'EveniLg Telegram," have been sent to us with the "compliments of the author." There are thirty little fables, and every one contains a pith that is telling, each one applicable to a certain circumstance, or fact. Mrs. Blake uses tharp arrows carefully pointed; her style is exceedingly unique, and characteristic of herself. ing?. less-on- s m-pil- ed n Oar readers will remember we published two of her fables during this 5 ear, and in the pree-enumber will bo found one of these li't'e fables that Is strikingly applicable, and no doubt all who read it will appreciate its truth. "The Fables" are 10 cens, single copy, or 6 per hundred. nt LETTER ON PLURAL MARRIAGE. Recently, to my great astonishment, I lead an article headed "Last Testimony of' Sister Emma," published In the Saint's Advocate, a pamphlet Issued in piano, Til. 