W 0 MAN ' S E XPO NB KT. I For tbe.Expo5ENT. APPRECIATION. A DREAM OF MEMORY. And fanciful things so real should seem, While my thoughts gQ wanderinjr far away, Till I catch a glimpse of a little child, Roamlnf alone throng h a forest wild 'She's gathering bunches of evergreen, And wreathing la garlands the trailing vine; A beautiful picture she makes,, I ween, Under the boughs of hemlock and pine; "A Happy New Year," she's gladly singing, And through the woods the echo la ringing. She gathers 6ome moss, and lichen, and ferns, ys And from under the snow, And homeward her footsteps M last 6be turns, Her bright young face with pleasure aglow. Strange tbls little girl should wander away Alone, while others are busy atplay. Ste looked like a fairy woodland queen, As she tripped along with childish grace; The wild flowers twined with the evergreen Made a tableau grand of her sweet young face. She haunts me in sbadow and twilight hour, And touches my heart with a magic power. lily-yalle- I wonder what makes her linger so near, Awaking the visions of "Auld Lang Syne;" The breath of the very wild flow'rs Is here, And the evergreen clings to this heart of mioe; I caa e'en see the f ootpriats in the snow, Yet 'twas nearly forty, long years ago. " L. City, Dec. 2, 1878. Emile. A LEAF FROM AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY CONTINUED. We learn to understand human nature by being brought into close connection .with each other, and more especially when under tryingand. difficult circumstances; and we seldom Jhihk more unkindly of persons from gaining an insight into their real hearts and character. Instead of my opinion of women being unfavorable or ruy feelin ings unkindly consequence of being intimately associated in family relationship with them, I am more favorably 'disposed to women as a class, learning more of the true nature of woman-kin- than I ever d could without this peculiar experience; and I am willing and ready to defend enthusi- astically those of my sisters who have been genuine enough and who possessed sufficient sublimity of character,vto practically live the principles of divinelfaith, which have been reyealed in these the last days in the of the establishing kingdom of God the earth. . It has required, sterling upon quali ties indeed, to battle with the opposition on overy. hand,,and not be overcome. ,od's .work and not man's BP0W apparent to all those who are acquainted, with tho, history of the their pecutions, their, trials, theirsaints, diffi! cuUieS, and Jhe marvelous means of their cleliverabenangerous aBd various VJ-- ,ci;cum8tance3 environed them- - vTtJh.is buiira'oomfortable dwelling street inauvoo, ' but still we endured manyprivations, which in our own home In Ohio would never have fallen to our lot; but probably we always felt we must be thus tried to us for future exaltation, and that prepare we might bo able to participate with ihcWwhom God had ap- ef,ainc! ?wnetI yW "came ap out of ' houser wfPArtev 1 -- grreat tribulation;' Every one 1 i . acquainted-wit- h thVhistory of our peopio- know Ihevterrible results of - the mUh:had no peace, his life was s9ug continually by his enemies, and this was the, occasion of,constant anxiety and trouble to the saints.-- . " To bo continued. Laws.';-Josepf- t . Expoest. success as confidence in others, and indeed more so.' The temple of our own heart, and the sanctuary of our own brain, form BY HANNAH T, KINO, I wonder why I should Bit here and dream, By the flowing dearth, on a wintry dayf S. For the 115 mighty-.cUadel'.iQl8kexreugj9iJnifrom Ve have many faculties given to us "the whips and scourges that flesh Is heir that to" finding there pensate for all we rity and'rectitude ceive an intuitiorr position, however resources? thai will comsuffer; and in tho integof our souls we shall reand a knowledge of our insignificant or exalted, that will enable us to stand beneath every trial with calmness and dignity, looking to our God, and with all confidence saying, "Lord, Thou knowest." "Knowledge is power," especially when applied to ourselves; for nothing can rob us of what we know. While our. principles are righteous and we love .them, because they emanate from the. Author of light and truth, and we appreciate them as such, we will fear no- - evil. Let our daily prayer be that we may realize our gifts and blessings and appreciate the same. S. L. City, Dec. 18,1878. often lie dormant in the soul, latent sparks of "the divinity that stirs within us" unknown even to the favored possessor, but from inattention, or a want of y and they are .unaware of. "Know thyself" was the wise injunction of the accomplished and intelligent Greek; and truly were this an aim and more an we should be more passive, and more probably happy, for it would- - confer strength, it would give us a delightful and honorable employment; we should discover what an empire is contained within the circumference of one human beingi With wonder we should study and contemplate self-stud- self-cultur-e, at-tainme- nt the working' of the heart and brain, ted how busy has the great Creator been with these master-piece- s of His creation, and would at once be awakened in appreciation the mind. Without this invaluable faculty Nature may unfold her glories, friends may be around us, a mine of wealth that gold has nothing to do with may be our our portion, but the good and the beautiful itrb not discovered, and discontent rills the mind, simply because appreciation is wanting. In reading the works of gi eat authors we need this faculty, or we. cannot soar with the poet, or delve with the philosopher; consequently the sublime beauties i they present are to us a3 a veiled mirroI The fame applies to theatrical entertainments, lectures, or any intellectual feast that may be provided. We need it also when wo converse with intelligence, in which so much mental luxury is often derived, a. also much edification, but lackiug appreciation", their sentiments fall on our ears like the "seed that fell on stony ground f" We also need this faculty in our family associations. How frequently it happens that we fail to study, understand, or appreciate those with whom our life is cast! What a mine of wealth we sometinies trifle with, or entirely cast away, or by our coldness and Indifference cruh and destroy . merely because we have never taken the pains to understand or appreciate them; thus tve have no power to ctrl&ou't tho good that is around and about us, that might add to our information and happin&ls. 4 EDITORIAL NOTES. We have received minutes of LadiesMass Meetingsat HeberCity,Wallsburg Falrview of which we shall publish a synopsis.: We havn been obliged to lay over B. 8; Reports to give place to the notices, of ; the: Ladies deep-thinkin- - , , Associa tion , "and .w&. would, bo glad to see it prosper sufficnUy- tol enable i ts proprietors to, publish it weekly, as the cause in which i t is issued Is one which largo and, liberal patronage.. Success to theBallot Box and its able! editorial ' u ffrage - de-serv- ' i 1 "' M we . te ; lished ten thousand pamheis of th" Mass Meeting of' Mormon" Women 'held' In the Theatre in this atypov. 10, 1$78. These pamphlets are now nearly all distributed in theUnlted States an Eurorie, and some of tho islands of the sea, Thdy speak' for the veritable women of Utah, their real sent K meuts on the subject of marriageV The women of Utah are conscious the eye of the' world is 'upon them, and thev aro 'aIso conscious that the eye of . the Lrd is upon them ;WeTfeIt; 'much woundGd; by Xha course pursued by th Qtu tils Ladies of this city in enteringpon Ibis crusade, but . : no,w that ,H Will: result in great s , good, in awakening a tleepejr, , interest, pn t!$8jbjpct pf Mojiuqois throughout the world, and theij greater .the voppsitipn the more discussion and investigation will be ; . brought abqut. . rxVinor faculties, before tho f'Vye,; by Mf constant' watchfulness Tribunal;. ,pf es'a ' ;;; vi The ladies otSalt Lake Couqfy jiave pub- staff. . the jpdgmai arraying, aJLl . the ; : Now let me say a little on eelf.appreeia-tion- . It; is said by many that we cannot know ourselyes.; I presume to differ on this poinU-a- n honest, candid mind can know itself. The wie Greek spoke ad vis-edjy when .belaid "Know thyself;" and I .will say appreciate thyselfnot with a vain, conceited, cursory knowledge, but after deep reflection, and much prayer; after watching the spring arid motive of action, the conception" or ;T thought, the birth of impulse, tho qrigin of temper ; after sounding the depth of feeling, weighing, the strength of principle, measuring ... -t Meetings, We take this opportunity to tender our warm and sincere thanks to Mrs. Matilda Joslyn Gage for her excellent article "The Utah Question" published in Drcember numberof "The National Citizen and Ballot Box." Mrs. Gage js an earnest g liberal-minde- d woman who is not afraid to stand up heroically and spealf. out fearlessly for the right. ;6ho is .working in a noble cause, for the elevation of women. ."The National Citizen and Fallot , Boxi is the Exponent for the National Womaa's and by a something, like 'a' considerable of be. and able to pass a self, knowledge correct tolerably ' yerdict. tiy such'axourse we rlay c'6rrct,;Wrrat we find amiss,. lay hold on all that is" good, and rejoice therein With thankfulness, and " be happy. This and in if study wiirgivo'us'faith ourselves, slandered, of by any' meansthrown into' opposing elements, we shall rise superior to' the'hour by living in our ownrseif.esleem.j Confidence in ourselves' is to necessary' to thiswe may certainjy gain . Q feat Britain the7e:e if rjub women telgrnph operators who earn" from $5 to $U'aweek - r- !;'; " - A Quaker,. riding In & carfiagO; with a J" lidif IQhinnoWo .m.uv.v., , f uai. oiiau x uu 10 Really I don't knowfeplled solomnly, ;"nnloss thee should other breastpin. ..'m- ; get warm;.'. tie Quaker, u'r'oa' an- 1 - " im- - i 