WOMAN'S E XPONBN T. 226 WOMAFS --EXPONENT; LISE B. WEILJit Ikiltor. In Bait Lake FabliBlxed City, Utah. Terms: One copy one year, 12.00; one copy six months, eeml-monthl- y, Ten copies for the price of nine. Adrertlslng rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 13.00; per month, $3.00. A liberal dlscoont to regular adTertlsers. Exponent Office, Lower West Boom of tlie Council Business Ilonee, South Temple Street. hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Womah's Exponujit, 1.00. Salt Lake City, Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15, 1879. ZION'S HOPE. How often the remark la made that much of Zion'a future welfare depends upon the generation now growing up In these mountains. Children born in the new and everlasting covenant, lawful heirs to the holy priesthood, children of promise. Yet how little have parents realized In the past the responsibilities that rested upon them as the guardians to whose care these precious spirits were entrusted. This is the most difficult subject to treat upon, and yet it is, perhaps, the most important one at the present time. It embraces a large field of great truths, and truths too, which should be presented In a light that will strike forcibly the fathers and mothers, tutors, guardians and protectors of children. The subject Itself forces upon the mind the widest range of thought in the greatest variety of phases. That the education or the youth In Zlon should be more carefully considered than it has been, none will deny. That there Is a slow awakening to the enormity of the inevitable result of neglect in the past is true; but even this l only among tho few. To relieve, In some little degree, th tired aua sometimes overburdened mother, the Lord inspired (we cannot say less) a few of his handmaidens to introduce in the various wards and settlements what is termed Primary Associations. These are more especially for spiritual culture and to impress upon the young and innocent the actual necessity of that training which develops the higher nature. that much has been said to mothers, more particularly in regard to the disciplining of their children, that they may We are fully aware grow up to be noble, honest, industrious and virtuous men and women, honorable members of society, and set an example worthy of imitation. But to reach the hearts of children is more especially what is needed; all the moral lessous In the world will not eradicate the evils which exist among theyoung,and which of late are becomiog so vividly apparent unless the hearts of the children can be reached. To educate and cultivate the heart of the child to the highest and noblest aspirations seems tj.us tho only possible mtthod.of correcting the wrongs thitnow exist to an alarming extent. Time are of course same, perhaps many exceptions, but even among the Latter-da- y Saints the children are In many ways neglected in not being taught principles that will give them strength and power to resist temptation and floe from evil influences. Notwithstanding the most careful and judicious solicitude and watchfulness, children will sometimes go astray and bring sorrow and grief to the most conscientious and God fearing parents; and in summing up or coticlnc instances of this kind, it really seems there must be a wrong that dates Tar back and crojjirx out again after long years. These are things not yet comprehended by those who have made the science of life the study of years. These are among the mysteries yet to be unfolded; but to return to the simplicity of our subject. The Savior said, "Love is of God," and a common saying is "Love begets love," and "there Is no labor in love," these and many other familiar quotations might be given from the Scriptures, and eminent authors; but the lives of men and women themselves confirm the fact that children must be trained up in love; and, "perfect love casteth out fear." Indulgence is of love, but cf not love, nor the weakness, want of firmness, lack of decision, energy, and of the requsites of character that constitute true government, either in the family or State. Mothers must, or should possess this controlling or governing power to a large extent, Otherwise they are wholly unfitted to undertake the training of immortal souls. There is nothing more important in a woman's lire than the exercise of which will admirably qualiy her to govern wisely the precious Jewels committed to her charge. Perhaps we should not be so positive, or speak of it in so broad a sense; but until the children of Zion are taught from their very infancy to restrain evil passions, and direct tho good properly, it is useless to expect thorough reformation. If the most delicate plants, transplanted from a sunny soil, were given to those who dwell in less genial climes, perhaps exposed to heavy dews and poisonous gases, would they not need the most constant care, that they might be and could It "be expected they, wou!d blossom Into beauty without their nature and ctmlltYori being crfvUy at mi toil . Yet it is expected that children transplanted from heavenly soil need but little care and attention while very young", except to naioioter to Children's natures their material wants. should bo studied and they cannot be too tenderly, if judiciously cared for. And yet in this land of enligtenment, there are children growing up without affection. Mothers are so busy making and mending, and attending to household duties, they forget the little hearts that beat beneath the elaborate or simple garments, (it matters nofwhich it may be) and so the little child Is sent out to play or off to school, and merges into boyhood or girlhood lacking the truecultivation of its best instincts, purified through the fountain of mother-lovDuties of parents are not eatily defined, even in a general sense, and circumstances, temperaments, conditions and changes all have their relative effect, but there is one grand, primeval truth which characterizes all instances, and that is the fact that, to the father and mother the existence of the soul is due, and children should not be thrown upon the world wholly unprepared and unfortified, for their Mothers do not drive your children from you, but draw them near you and teach them the pure principles of tho Gospel, in lovo and tenderness, and while you would extend charity to all, be sure you do not forget to bestow such charity upon them, as their tender years and hearts have need of. Do not wait until it is too late to make the impresoion, but while you have time and affection, spare no pains, but remember the highest and holiest duty is the charge of human soul?. ' out-grow- th self-governmen- t, . pre-serve- d, ,fi e. life-wor- k. HOME AFFAIRS. ON Thursday, April 17th, the Relief Society Davis of County, will hold their annual meet ing In the Farmington Meeting-house- . It j8 expected President Eliza R. Snow and other sisters from this city will attend. Telegram from Washington,April 14, states that Arthur L. Thomas7, of Piitsburg, has been confirmed by the Senate as Secretary of Utah Territory. On Monday, April 11, at 12 o'clock, the corner stones of the Manti Temple were laid with all the grand and impoeing ceremony which distinguish occasions feuch as these in building Temples to the Most High. There were present nine of the Apostles. President John Taylor called the congregation to order, which consisted of bet ween threa and four thousand people. On Sunday evening a large and crowded audience assembled in the Theatre at the Territorial meeting of the Sunday Schools. All parts of the Territory were definitely represented. The people were delighted to have in their midst Hon. Geo. Q. Cannon, delegate to Congress and Territorial Superintendent of Sunday Schools. He came home on a fljing visit to attend Conference. The Territorial Conference of the Y. M. M. I. A. was held in the Theatre oh Tuesday evening, April 8th, 1879. The report was nearly complete from every section of the. Territsry. These societies are doing a great deal towards the elevation and spiritual culture and improvement of the young. The audience was very large, and after reading the reports, addresses, were made by Elders Joseph F Smith, Erastus Snow, Moses Thatcher and Junius F. Wells. The Quarterly Conference IW Zion COnvnrl in of this Stake TkUiudvIo via SatUt- day, April 5th, at 10 a. m., Elder ADgus M. Cannon proeiding. Reports were road from all Of the wards; a few bishops also reported verbally. The Relief Society, the Y. M. M. I. A. and the Y. L. M. I. A. of the Stake were also represented. Pres. Cannon stated very definitely the condition of the building' committee on the New Tabernacle: just how much money was needed to eomDlete the work. A vot. w taken that the money should be furnishe i by the people through the bishops of the several wards. The Conference was well attended. On Sunday morning, April 6, at 10 o'clock, the hosts of Israel convened iu the Tabernacle to hold their Forty Ninth Annual Conference. The houte was crowded to overflowing, and mauy really could not obtain admission. The Conference lasted three consecutive days, the interest of speakers and hearers never flagging in the least. Many powerful discourses were delivered, and the people who came from a for their distance must havo felt amnlv i i j rpnaid toil and journey. The people need feediDg with tho bread of life, and on occasions such as these they partake freely. The Quorum of the Twelve, In which the death of Elder Orson Hyde had made a vacancy, was filled by electing Elder Moses Thatcher to complete the number. It is Impossible to make quotations, even from the speakers' sermons, as much was said that was excellentbut we cannot forbear mentioning the fact that the sisters were not forgotten. President John Taylor alluded to the sisters' organizations, their benevolence and their good works in a truly brotherly man. ner, and it will no doubt encourage and strengthen them in their several fields of labor. Editor. Exponent: We wi-- to give a brief accountof a meeting held in the 31 Ward Nov.44, 1S7S, which was called for the purpose of reorganizing the h 