WOMAN' 220 iFor the Eipowekt. THREE SCENES IN THE HISTORY OF A DIAMOND NECKLACE. BY HANNAH T. KING. , .-. The sun shone gloriously on the Parisian Capitol, the birds sang joyously, bands of music welcomed in' the auspicious morning. Notre Dame had its grand entrance thrown open to admit the elite of France in a few hoifrs its altars decked with 'bouquets of orange blossoms and other emblematical The Tuilleries was alive with flowers. human beings, that being the centre for the company to assemble. What was the event of the day that had so excited that grand city? The beautiful Hortense de Beauhar-nais- , the only daughter of the Empress Josephine, and the equally beloved adopted child of Napoleon, Emporer of France, was on that day to unite her destiny with Louis Bonaparte, the Emporor's brothw. This she did in obedience to the wishes of her mother and her adopted father. Before this alliance was proposed to her she had given her heart to a young officer of tho Court, and, singular enough, Louis had alss loved devotedly, believing he should mako tho lady his wife; but the Throne had to be strengthened by every available alliance, and therefore this vouner coudIo had to bo laid upon thealtarof sacrifice! and for their obedience they were made King and Queen of Holland. Hortense was reclining in her beautiful and gorgeous dressing-roomlistless and unambitious. She had surveyed the man- nihcent trousseau, the costly and elegant presents, with which tho adjoining room was full.- - All the Court, all the elite of France had sent their tokens of love and fealty but among them all there was not one that bore the presentation of the Emperor! For the moment she felt hurtfbut tho second thought was "It 'will come, he will not forget me." Her ladies and dressers stood around, attiring her in the faultless bridal robe that lay around. The Vallenciences lace dress and costly bridal veil were ready to adorn her person all but the veil was now complete, when a soft, gentle tap was heard upon tho door. Who could it be at such a moment? The door was opened by a dresser and the first lady in attendance approached to receive the visitor. "The Emperor!'' she announced. Yes, it was ho himself in his robes of state! He hold in his hand a casket of pure gold, and on the top of tho lid the monogram of Hortense, surmounted by the imperial crown in diamonds of the purest water its worth? the ransom of a kingdom! He approached Hortense, and she arose to meet him with a smile. He viewed her with intense love and admiration, and imprinting a kiss upon her beau, tiful forehead presented the love token he had brought. The ladies had retired a little, and now the Emperor waved theuj to approach calling upon the first lady in waiting to open the casket and place the larcanot upon the lovely neck of the Bride- f s, - V A w r If av inaa ii o frtmnrl tM n uiuu f Autaiuuuus ine purest water, and was of priceless value; the workmanship of the whole was exqui-sit- e and unique! When this was done bridal veil was thrown over her, and it the fell In all its elegance to tho termination of aer dress. At that moment, she looked more than mortal! she looked indeed a Queen, for she was beautiful, both in form TCTarvnlAtn o rwl fAi(niAf .timwl 1. moment with moistened eyes, for he loved her sincerely, and then retired 33 he had T on - -- S E X PON EN T. entered, the lady, acting tho "Lord Chamberlain." In this act Napoleon displayed one of his that of being grandest characteristics himself. Ho did not sumoriginal, being mon his grand chamberlain to bring his golden salver oh which to present his bridal offering no! his own hand carried it, and in person he presented it, as a father to his child. ing posture, she wept as when a child- - and well it was she did, for had tears not relieved her she would have sunk in unconsciousness at his feet. Napoleon arose also the strong man needed comfort as well as the weak, loving woman! "My Hortense," he spoke with difficulty, "I appreciate your love to me, it is a sweet balm that I will me into. exile.- - Remember this carry with of your future life, that I love in e very-hou-r and appreciate all your love and obedience tome." "Then let me entreat you, sire, to accept this love token from me, as I ac- Scene II. The Tuilleries is once agaiu the scene of action. In a retired room a gentleman is seaetd at a small writing table. He is alone. Writing materials aro before him and the pen is in his hand; thought seems to overpower him, and appears to disable him from carrying out the purpose for which he seated himseIC Had ho intended to write a farewell to his beloved ones? Was ho going to depict the agony of his soul? Was it his last will and testament that ho desired to make palpable? All is unknown; but there he sat as one paralyzed by contending emotions, the mighty spirit bowed down, the glorious dreams of ambition dispelled. The loved ones were away from him, yet he knew that one or twoyes, three hearts were beating true as ever one true even unto death, waiting only for the one word from his lips Come! and she would have walked into exile with, him, rejoicing gladly. There ho sat alone, engulfed In the whirlpool of his fallen fortunes! At this moment the door is softly opened. He starts and slightly stamps his foot who dare intrude upon this, his hour of almost despondency? A woman! Yes, a woman still young and still beautiful, but lines of sorrow, of bereavement, of a yearning for lovehad marked that once faultless face, and told a tale that would havo filled a volume. In a moment Napoleon (for it was he) recognized her! She glided towards him, and kneeling clasped his knees, and for a moment could not speaks Both were silent, but oh! 'twa3 a silence, that spoke louder than words; at last she spoke just above a whisper: "Sire, forgive me, do not call me an intruder; let me say it is a mission of love the most devoted. Sire, I want to condense tho language of my full soul, that I may say as Tow words as possible! Allow mo a few moments to express myself." Napoleon bowed assent. "Sire, times have changed with us; you will require means; this casket and its contents I have hoarded as your to mo when you studied to make mo great and Your love and goodness to me happy. would alone havo been my 'exceeding great reward;1 this was but the index of it. It contains a king's ransom! I shall never wear it more, but you shall live in my heart forever, and tho thought that through your love I am enabled to, perhaps, assist of memory to my you, will be the day-sta- r lovo-toke- cepted it from you. Accept it,and make me happy !'! Napoleon "groaned in spirit." "Hortense, you unman me; say no more, I cannot bear it; at this most trying hour of my life!" Hortense again sank on her knees at his feet. "Sice, forgive me; think only of my love and admiration of you and accept my offering, that I may be assured of your for. givencss." She gently forced the casket in his hand3, and clasping them in both hers she imprinted kisses on them, arose noiselessly and glided from the apartment. Scene III. n saddened heart!" Napoleon trembled a3 with a palsy, (the Hero of France, who had restored her from the desolation of a mighty revolution and elevated her to the highest pinnacle of ambition and fame the hero of many battles) and laying his hand upon her bowed head as she knelt before him said: "No, my beloved Hortense, I cannot take it; keep it in remembrance of all the sweet associations connected with .it, and above all of my love and appreciation of ycu; I shall not need it, I am a soldier, and my wants will bo fow." Hortense had hitherto commanded her feelings, but at this repulso, though tho of love, tho deep fountains of heart were broken up. Shearoso from hei kneel - re-pul- .o - . And now, my readers, let us in tion transport ourselves for a few moments to that bleak and barren spot, that Godforsaken island springing up in the broad Atlantic, St. Helena. I blush for England, that amid her numerous strongholds her Gibralters, and others of like fortifications she could select no place for a fallen man, who in dire necessity cast himself into her hands, than such a prison as St. Helena, and such a jailer as Sir Hudson Lowe! I know of no public character in history that I execrate as I do the vile, the low, tho ig. norant, the execrable Sir Hudson Lowe; I would say strike off his spurs of knighthood, he is utterly unworthy of them! But he has gone to his ancestors, and the Lord says, "I will repay." On this dreadful island did Napoleon drag out the remaining years of his eventful life, made wretched by the very man who had it in his power to make the path of life tolerable at any rate, but who took advantage of that power to afflict, to annoy, to intrude upon tho man whose name tho nations had bowed to, and who, if in his mighty course could, be found some evil, did a vast, a mighty amount of good. In idea we enter this forlorn, barn-lik- e habitation; in idea wo find ourselves in a room old, barren even of common comforts, the walls stuffed with old tapestry, oF anything to keep out the cold, bleak winds; on one side is a camp Ted with faded white silk curtains, and an ample military cloak covers the bed, beneath which lies a man in the last stage of A long, wearying, wear, ing disease, brought on arid accelerated by the cruel treatment ho had received. A devoted' friend, devoted even unto death, sits beside tho bed, watching if in any way he may give ease to the sufferer, or receive any- commands ,.ho may desiro to make. This friend, General Montholon, was one of the noble five generals who went into voluntary exile with him, whom they had delighted to servo under. Life is ebbing fast away; the feverish dream of earthly life will soon be over! The mind of the sufferer wanders again he is leading on his men; again ho gives tho charge at the head of his forces! Now all is still, he sleeps for a moment He wakes calm and collected; he looks around and calls "Montholon." 116 answers, I am here, what can I "Sire, db for you?" "Monthonlon, I am passing away; give me your hand; thou, with Le3 Cases and other?, have been true and faith - 