lease me yet rem Baby loo,' I tiy to serve Him &9 best I can here aod wait as patiently as pot sible far His time, for we Know that He baa .said that iie win release mose wno trust id Him. VI source of com fort to the few a was great It to have a visit from Brother P. J, Saints here You doubtless know that' there aro only May. inree oiuu is u wre, uue Xiiuer jipuj i wo sisters including myself, and as we all belong, to this place you can easily judge lid w pleased we were to have the society and counsel of our brother; he stayed with us about two months, and' made' our houee his home' he did not preach In the town but took several' trips Into ? -- - ' ' ; , . the country, but without any apparent succe: he took ODerrrTrfght through the Island, on foot, preaching at alt the towns oh his way; he did not meet with much kindness; in most places they treated him with Indifference; but in 'Lari castor, the city at the north of the tfand,' they gave him some rather rough treatment, eome striking him 'and the mob being about to treat him to a ducking in the river; he claimed police protection: and bad to keep Indoors until leaving there, which' he did pretty soon. The folks in the Colony generally do not seem to. take much interest in the Gospel, in fact the population generally are adverse and put every possible obstacle in the way; we few here have to keep quiet or wefhould have anything but a pleasant time of, it. It gives me "t;: greaf pleasure to mark the spre adi of thr Gospel In other places, and judging by. the 'signs of the times we are truly in the last days. ;Bhouid you think it not too much trouble to write me I should only "be too glad to receive as many letters asypu can write, and give you as much in formation as possible about this' place, ?Me-8!.aiProsper, you in your ef-- " i aU His Bilnts, is the fortsand prayer of your sister in the Gospel. i 57 ;If ? Prye Mabia Greex. - - - Abinqton Houee, Evingtbn Road, Leicester, England. July 8, Mrs. E. B. Wells: 1879. My dear eieter It is with much pleasure that I sit down with the attempt to fulfill my promise. Hoping you hava not come to the conclusion that I had forgotten. I have wilt-t1- ?1 Ietters to mv family, which of course W,DDId 8y waa, natural, but I have really for writing, one letter JoaodtTc?y llttIel WaYfee!T8emiD8 t0.b as much as I coulp! manage., Doubtless jou would learn from my regard to my proiperious J pamraejr. rafo arrl y1 .na reception, etc. My brother has a btautlful hctnSe and lovely Burroundings, with every comfort, but I would home in Utah. ,xcIaDe f? m7 alJ V?.1 theindne89of my brother and hla fhere. ? Bomthlng wanting, that is to bofound inthe society of the SinU of only God. but M6 in few, Leicester! ?MWJ and lhfni wo to .ypfeTTS0810' intending It waa quite a little time beforV ut tbeie was a meetii g and where, then we found about six or any n tbe unda7 afternoon ViJ h.i :0 there S'feV?"' eml-KhlsTa- ll. Jt&VS f f L 1 non- - Ib &tfe i Th( W ot have any Waited one Sister and ,wlth n filter-Kherso- My additions are not to W faiS . our works, and In communing- with my Fattier jn heaven, for Oh. How little- - do the people of the World care about the; true Gospel. If you lend them books few care to read, or in vestigate the principles of our faith , for themselves. Truly it is, as has been said that darkness covers the earth, and gross dkrkriejs the minds of the people, and if any inquires are made it is with regard .to polygamy which some of my old friends think is ery imraodestand ssy they should nave thought I was the last one to have believed and practised such immorality. Yet from what I can gather my uative place is full - of corruption and immorality, and happy mar riages are theWceptioril I calied upon a Jady the other day,' who wis an acquaintance of mine In my she had been abroad a number of years, her bnlj Son, lives with her in an elegant home he is about forty years of age. I asked her why he did not get married she replied that young men feared to marry, so few young ladies were domesticated, and were so extravagant in drees, t'lat men were afraid to venture the expense of a wife. She also acknowledged to me that ladies, with splendidly furnished homes, did not keep any company on acount of jealousies that arose through the too great intimacy with the opposite sex I said ,1 considered Polygamy was far preferable. I need not tell you that Polygamy as they term it Js the only subject they care to inquire about. And the question generally asked is "Has your husband another wife"? Which I invariably answered in the affirmative, which they conclude is vary wrong but I contend that it is not only a command of the Almighty but is really much better than the corrupt state of society In the world, which a lady on the cars while traveling through the States admitted. She told me of many horrible instances of infanticide, and procuring abortion that she was personaiy acquainted with.bavlng s been a nurse; her accounts made me shudder surely their cup of Iniquity is fast filling up. . I niet with, several intelligent ladles while traveling on the cars, and some jvery agreeable ones on the1 vessel and qujte a number of divines of dlfTerent denominations. We had one service on the Sunday when the C aptain read tbe Church of England Service, and one of the Ministers preached on the forgiveness of sins, but did not bring in baptism for the re-lion of sIes. This same gentleman, came in contact with David Dunbar and several of the young missionaries David cornen d him so 'closely bringing gclpture to prove the cor- - . rectnes8of his views that he became quite wratby and left them in diegufct. You would learn from Mr. G. wnat a peor sailor I am being sick, most of the way, but had everv at girl-hoo- d, , mis tention, from the stewardess who was very kind. The Wisconsin is a nice veel and I would like to return with her: never heard the Captain e peak an angry word. We had a verv favorable voyage,much better than the Nevada the one your son inlaw (Mr. Bears) sdledln Joseph met with him at Birmingham and Blent in the same room with him. MvsnrvU Uhr- Ing In thVShenieid Conferance. I received a letter from him a few days since in whlrh h speaks of the deVtitutlon of tbe people there A.DP ,ew Bints there, aTe poor hut very kind b'earted. It Is so hard to get any one to come to hear them In doors, that they have recourse to out door preaching generally which be sys was lather rough on him at first, but is used to it, and realizes that the Lord getting is with him. The experience of most of the Elders is I.think, that It Is like the gathering of grapes when the vintage is over. Truth being lovers of Dleasure: mnnV;v4 era of Godelcester is a flomishtjig tbwTman Fr. i. ! people I formerly knew in middling circum- stances, have become very wealthy and have their country villas. I have attended Christ Church once; a Church I attended regularly before I wa? marrisd aud once enjoyed the ceremony appears now cold meaningless formality and there was nothing to the sermon The Minister was a converted Jew. Mr. Talmage Is expected in Leicester but I do not know whether I shall go to hear him, the charges of ad mis don are high. It is quite a aflair. Well my dear Ulster I am not in love with my native town nor with the climate it has rained more or lees every day since I arrived with very few exceptionsand so cold that I often put on a shawl in the house. On the fourth of July I felt like sitting by the fire all day. Yesterday was about the finest day, we have had, to day a thunderstorm dull and gloomy moat of the day heDce my opportunity for writing. Next week I expect to go to Manchester I 6bould have gone to London before this had the weather been more settled. Give my kind love to mv dear Sisters 'Grunt. Smith & Wells, also Sister At wood, in fact to all my good sisters and tell them I know I have had their faith and prayers, and they nave naa mine, and long for the time to come when I hope to have the privilege of meeting with them again as we have been wont to do. s feel awanderer from home, kindly I love to Sister Whitney, and love to all who may inquire after me. Thanks for the Exponent. Shall be pleased to recive a few Hoes. Give my love to Sister Grant, and tell her I will try and write to her next. Prajing we may all meet again soon I remain yours most affectionately. E. H.Goddard. money-makin- g some-time- APPEAL "Whatever link you strike from nature's chain, breaks alike the chain." Tenth or The Forty-sixt- h Congress, now assembled, contains an unusually largo proportion of new representatives, fresh from the people, ready for the discussion of new issues, and already manifesting a chivalric spirit toward the consideration of woman's claim as a citizen to one-haof this republic, with all its rights, principles, and immunities. On Tuesday, April 20, the following resolution was submitted to the Committee on Bules of the United States Hcuso of representatives: Resolved, That a select committee of, nino members bo appointed by the Speaker, to be called a committee on the Rights of lf Women Citizens, whose duty it shall be to consider and report upon all petitions, memorials, resolutions and bills that mayr be presented In the House relating to the rights of women citizens. Admitting tho justice of a fair consideration of a question involving every human f of the population of this right of a country, majority of this most important committee of tho House Alex. II. Stephens of Georgia, James A Garfield of Ohio, Win. P. Fryo of Maine, immediately declared themselves In favor of the appointment of said committee, and Speaker Randall, Chairman of the Cmmittee, ordered it reported to the House, where it is now one-hal- ' pending. A similar resolution will be inf orduced in the Senate, before, the adjournment of the special session. There is now a clearer perception of the magnitude of the question, and the need of its early andearn est consideration, thnn at . any Umo during tho past thirty years, of 