fO M IN DOLtAH or mine. Editobs WoMAir'fl Journal: I should like to ask a question. Does the wife earn, anything who cooks three meals each day all thoVyeait rbundf who does all the wash ing:'im& trPWgwSin'a' mending, and mm 61 thl xhaW ;iamlly X)f six? That is ' wMtidoiaxay pwniamlty; Now when I husband's two pay iiy; jfall taxfl it that I pay? According to the pilot he gives me the money. I think regular I "have earned J LwasI used to get a house in married, wagesberore l Where I did not work half as hard as I do and in my own, Jetting alone the nursing ' to be taken rearing tbe children that have care of night, ai well as day. It al ways seenaei' etrange to me, all the cry about wages aild' the rights of working men, while those who were the loudest never show any respect to the rights of working Women especially the right to anything for all the work of women who are wives Her, part is heavy and hard, and she earns her money all Bho ever gets, and more. " ' . ' b. ; "What a wife earns in her own famiiy is not counted to her until after her husband's share of the property death, when a certain " iB Becured to ler. Ed. " EX. HYGIENIC NOTES. present very warm weather reminds us thai it is conducive to good health to disinfect cellars,' drains sinks, &c., and all places where vegetable and animal matters are liablet to remain in a decay ing condition; hence we reproduce Good Health.-T- ha tho following: f'Choliride of lead is said to ho most powerful, safe and economical deodorizer and disinfectant known- - ..To prepare it for .use on a small scale, for ordinary purposes, tato half a drachm of nitrato of lead and mix it with one pint of hot water, dis. golve two drachms of common salt in two gallons of water, and mix the solutions; this forms a olution of chloride of lead.' A cloth wet with 1 :s 1 i fit.. f ni3t anu nung ap xn a room nuea mm a ioetia atmosphere will sweeten it instantly; and the solution thrown into a water closet, sink, or drain, or wherever the sulphite of hydrogen and ammonium exists, or is generated, will have the same effect. It is not carbonic acid, but tho sulphite or hydrogen and ammonium which are eliminated with the breath, and through the pores of the skin of the Uving body, that makes people who are exposed to such an atmosphere so depressed, and wnich When highly concerntrated, derolops typhus ' ' "V poison. ' . " The Duke of :rgyl, father of the Marquis of Lome, with hiajwo daughters, vis-- i ted Bos ton, Newport, and other "New England cities recently. The party were the guests of distinguished citizens, arid . received suitable attentions. . A few weeks since a young lady was arrested at midnight by a policeman in the streets ot St. Petersburg in the very act of posting "up a revolutionary proclamation. and the The young lady goes to Siberia, ' policeman pockets 100 roubles, The nomination of. Hon. Henry W Blair, of New Hampshire, for .United States, Senator from that State, (equivalent to "the election) will be rejoiced over by. all friends of Woman, and of Temperance, everywhere. Ho is a staunch supporter ol woman-suffragand succeeds "VVadeighn who opposed it. Elizabeth Stuart Phelps says in a note to a friend: "Be assured that if I am well enough I shall vote. Of course I believe in School Suffrage, and earnestly desire to see a full registration." Jennie June says of Miss Anna Dickinson's latest work, "The success of Miss Anna Dickinson's 'Ragged .Register,' just published by the Harpers, ha3 been so in. stantaneous that she received an order from them for a novel to follow it as quickly as possible." ; e, M , UTAH EOMEfiVATORY re-ope- a few cents per pound, .which would make severrl hundred gallons of the solutioU of chloride of lead." We haVe found n Skirt Supporters, ealo or bupporters,for made to order, by P. J5, HARPEtf, First touth Street, nearly opposite Theatre. Mrs.ZINA D. YOUNG, agent for this Territory. Physicians and Ladles, call and examine. 1 " :' , We," , said a man, looking for his I iiaye ' Places where boot-t- r!: I keep my tnJ&SPtnd you ought to know it "Yes," 8aid:sh; ought to know where you keep your late hours, but I don't" Is a natural and the ballot is the best: knownright, method through which to exercise that right, con" equently those who have not the ballot do not possess the best method cf Self-governm- ent eelf-gover- n- j. . han ov.;4 ....iJ.AOjEirf TQ9. ..Id : : - ClfT R0 FORCE PUMPS. lMinr Jtialr4d on Wrf ioil. 7 f RUK1SETS CELEBRATED rdr -- from the pountry yU&muBMGL Jonm, iompUy,rerpmiedt9.-t903, BoU.Lpke CUjh SOMGfMIlW--nOM- t , E Snell'a Soap, warranted Firet Class; ' 3 Bars, foiS5 Cents. J ; Harria' Soap,3 Bars for. 20 Cents. - 35 Cents each Washboards, (ZUiq) "" -- . . . Brooms, t'l'ct -- ? 35C4fitSeach -- '-,- A FUJLX STOCK OF YARNS, JEAKS, ' ;: : ; also , . Cassimores $1.00 to $1.25 per Yard. Tt?3sros3 Etc, JOHN C: :; COTLVEBi ; Agent,' Old, Constitution 'Building. Palace of FasMonyNo. Yl JSast -- Tempte Strett. MRS; C. E. DYE Desires the ladles of Salt lalte and those rlsltln Conference to call at her show rooms and see her new stock of MILLINERY. The latest and most stylish modes ot Iials and Bonnets in Straw, Felt and Velvet. Also a met selection in Flowers, Feathers, Plushes. Velvet and in the latest Bbades and stripes Country dealers, please call. ladles' iialr work in all its branches. Good work guaranteed. Kib-bo- O. Eetah E. Wholesale and Dealing - in aU irida of!L!V ns I. DR Y GOODS, NOTIONS, ' GROCERIES HEAVY AND SBELF MARDWARE, GLASS AND qUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL 1MPLEMNETS, HALT Corsets, Shoulder Braces, HEALTHBraces, and Abdominal - Tinner, Gas, Watdn& Steam Fitter OFMMIC TO THE LADIES! &c. S LAKE CITY. Special departments for Gent's Clothing and Carpets,' Ladles and Children' Shoes, Dry Goods, Shawls and Dotneetica, Groceries,: Hardware DRIED FRUITS and - Stoves. of all CLASES WANTED. HAVE YOU 6EEN THE NEW ficii mm icflii not you thould do so at nce, and examine the New IF Idea In Sewing Macbine Construction. The New Machine is elegant in appearance and admirable m operation, runs very easily and w.thont any noise acd confusion, although the rate of speed Is very high. Its and self huttle, and absence nf and coys rendersthreading it both simple and durable. Be springs sure to see it, for its general advantages wlU make you its friend. Victor Sewing Machine Co., Chicago, III. self-setti- O. it most convenient to weigh out in small packages a number of the several quantities of lead tiiid salt for a two gallon solution, and Veep them tu hand for uss gay eveTy few days. This Is. a subject' worthy the attentfon of every : : personi: (StieetorL tMticheU& Jmoett) 25. for the Fall term Aujr. 10th. Classes In and Instrumental Music, Harmony, elocution Musical History wl 1 be organized at one . A Norin -- Vocal and Instrumental Music and in mal Course Drawing-- , will bo opened i or the benefit of teachers in the public ecbeala and one for the normal student of the University. Elocution, Harmony and Tneory cUsses free to pupils studying" In other departments. For terms Apply 10 DR; E. D. FEBQUSON, Director. WILL -- "Nitrate of lead is in dry crystals,and is sold at PONE NT. S' EX ng - If. RIGGV, Agent, Hall Lake City. FRENCH HAIR STORE. Ladles are requested to call and examine the most complete apartment of Curls, Braids, Bwltohes, Etc at Reduced Prices. . All kinds of Hair Work mad up in the meet Artlstlo style. Cash paid Xor Human Hair and Combines. GBEGORT, - JOSEPHINE Salt Lake dty. .. . 57 Kimball Block. . 11 ' ROMAIIIA B. i J ' PROT, stlaW in Old : CoritltaUon 'Bxiil&ht, tlx Wock8 aoiith lids of OiSce, .K?Idenc , ... street. Special study has been siren to Obsitirlcf, diseases of ' and-OFFiCtf-- rp NEW SPRITJC STOCK. F. AUERBACH & BROTHER, 55 East Temple Street, SAlt Lake City. Pt women, '.:.... . . . DISEASES of tho EYE AND EAR. Fire hundred piece of Dress Goods, Embroideries, Ruch-lng- s, rive Hundred pairs Kid Glares, Trimmings. Ladies' Cuff and 100 Ties, Collars, Cartoons of Ribbons. Largest Wholesale Millinery Stock in the G"eu? and CloXhing and iurS EIRS. ELLIS R. SHIPP, XIIYICIAIV AND HtJIiaEOIV, mhW?D?LhX iouth5WK Churth. street, neany opposite the Presbyteriaa 8pecial attention woata at her residence In the anl a half east et the Post Office fedfcal Clan r iyen to Ofcstetrici, and dlseawg 0f F URN I T U-R- E SPRING BEDS, WIRE MATTRESSES. Feathers Wall BABY 75, 77 679 Mlil Bar GA A QJZ 8. First South St., Salt IataLXfity 