WOMANS' EXPONENT.7 Goldsbrough, Mrs. M. Pitch forth, Mrs. E. Kendall, Mrs. M. Bryan, Mrs. C. Brown, Mrs. A. Bigler, Mrs. E, Oakey, ., 1 Mrs.Goidsbrough said ; I reccora mend that wo women of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-d- ay Saints, of Juatf stake in Mass meeting assembled: fully endorse the Preamble and Resolutions passed by the woSaiuts in Mass Meetmen of the Latter-daing assembled in the Theatre in Salt: Lake City, Nov. 16th 1878: which resolutions were read by Mrs. Amy Bigler and were unanimously adopted. Adjourned sine die. Benediction by Mrs. E. Kendall. Mary Pitch forth Secretary. y AMERICAN FORK. A Mass Meeting "of tho women of this city was held in the meeting house Dec. 14, 1878. to protest against the ; . their trust, and their embracing this principle hastbeen In obedience to the reve. lations of heaven, and we will ever defend that holy and pure principle, which is calculated lo the human. family from its raje fallen arid degraded condition, to one more elevated arid noble; even to dwell. with our polygamic fathers Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. I have lived in this! holy order twenty three years and I am proud of It, and of our children-bor- n of other wives, and I love them as if they were my own. I know that cmy companion. wives are good and virtuous women, and I join with you in protesting against the Interference of those who! are not of us and' against Congress making-lawto deprive us ; of the privilege of worshiping God according to the dictates of our own consciences. The committee returned with tho .Reso s : . . is-cas- t,- J punished with s swift vengeance the from all. For the Expoxnri. God .SCALER SUNSHINE.' Yes, scatter sunshine everywhere, and the reflection of its. rays will beautify and bless thine own life. How blessed it is to be able to glvO jo) to e instrumental In diffusing happiness, to touch with kindness the heart t)f a fellow.creature, to kin dle pleasure In the eye even of a little child, a helpless babeall these are noble, but to show delicate attentions to the aged, to imoart comfort in nnnU-'n- ' wav that, it gladdensttre weaty pilgrim who is journeying near td "the gates that stand ajar," Is tim.-- i " something sublimely beautiful. Scatter the sunshine of love In tne'pattf rof those who are ribt able to participate in those pursuits arid recreations which warm the ' blood ftnd invigorate the mind. rT V y. We sotnetiines tMnt lthatin4njr t)f the weary fathers and motners. who havfthm-n' the perpleiiti&s tid ills of lid, Jiye top a m we respecr eyencand their JJyes as - tt MfUiietfiM ahfadf fh somo were,, loueiy corner,? seciuaea from the bustle and .. cares of the world in .which, they no longer take an active part, ome sit; the Aveary day out, patiently waiting-Ood- 's time to release them from the ills of IiW d'Jhe. newest ef those who should at --l vi... uuuv' ma '.: cbeermlian;nteri worn inemseivea'out in usefulness and ministering to the wants or 'others. There are' many little-- ; klridnesfafes and tender endearments which ydunsrer tTeoDle "" -- vr jw fc v man Aunt nuuiu and-love- u ': ; :.; ; ww3fo ,Buyerers. juil of AchpS and pains, helpisauy thern! to'foriet them'somo-Um- os by rendcrlngthera truly happy; took frpni, its place the other day a small box containing, among other littlej mementoes of my lost children, a cpuple of j UUIe fljoray withered arid yellow and drfr,' but ;which were fresh wn en V I toot.' then;-nffoin out the little baby Kandp which clasped the other from near the soft 'round cneek against which it nestled, arid thougKt Iiqw many such sprays'thefe were kept by sorrow-.'Eafe-keepin- g" , j. , , : o t 1 4 made dear bcyori'd Yall ing mother-heartprice because they were the last earthly things touched by the tiny hands' bMlttle s, " ones gone before. Although carefully and sacredly kept, iwiuua xenua oi u joy Known ana i"caoit 1 r r" Urn. " I r , "v uauu iur Jieeping as new td'sbme bfyouf 'readers as itr Was to ' ; mei r - : v: . t7 .:-- ;:o ;; can these flowers ,: from ?off the still dosom of some loved lost dneLbe keptf fresh and bright,but the symbolsrpf happlet occasions as: well. . n ;ir..ir.' The. flowers should he ifresh, j and i of white or delicate colors, ,.: the. green-leavs sunshine around their way and brighten their lonely, path. When the sun shines upon inanimate nature how it glorifies it how diffefeuiiBIspect In the sunlight in like manner does the sunsnirieLTdf tenderness the change 'feelfrirs'rjf the heart .",. "v,'to Yo've all that It is natural is.:bqtifar.r' there is no great nobility of character in that, although we admire to see a taste for7 the daful;in2riature,.In art; in scfence, in litfrature, In fact In all things, hut when one cultiv&s: a lover for that which jtias lost Its beauty, for a nobler and higher aim, un. selfishly, wo"cannot but feel thaUperson possesses genuipe goodness. If I had the power to impress ,: uppn ; the iriinds of the young the importance of love and tender solicitude or tU aged, IlhoiildTeeri had accomplished somethteVcreitaie Mcthi" ers, seek to engraft into 1he: hearts" of your little children-t- h qualities that will make them tender jufdsolicitous fdf the'happlness and pleasure brthos'e who areot young and buoyantrugh'tarclisn wlthihft Am zest the enjoyments oT fhfs Hfe.: Many of.. '.; I Em. FW WERS, PRESERVED ; Not only oCttiber t, boys who deridnd Elishaf and though we may not be guilty. of, so grievous a sin, yet we must acknowledge theret is in this day a lack of deference to the aged. : -- , Sunshine is a potent power, and the. sunshine of affection is equaJiy bo.j ,;iLet us train upur children not only fo bcfiespect-- : furbat tender to thBaged,"and'setrtheia this noble example, that they, may grow up with this beautiful sentiment engraven up on their' hearts. It is not always ! the poor who lack sunshine most, it is often those who "have many creature comfoitSrthese do n6t fill th e void in the heart, and H t is d well they do, not; often indeed we find an. 4 aching heart under the richest trappings.. Elderly people are very! apt to shrink-frpnotice; lest they shouldrmar the enjoyment. or' infringe upon the y privileges of the? younger people, but they are entitled to. the kindest consideration and thpughtful. devotion on the part of those with whom their lot aud deferential respect ' ; 1 Anti-polyga- my crusade of our Gentile sisters. Meeting was called to order by Mrs. H. Crompton, on whoso , motion Mrs. Mary Hindley was elected Chairman. Mrs. E. Tracy and Mrs. K Featherstone See's. Choir sang, prayer by Mrs. C. Shelly. Mrs. Mv Hindley explained that the object of the meeting was to express our views and sentiments, and to protest against the ntfeasares entered into by the Gentile ladies of Salt Lake City, to rob us of our homes, our husbands, and the franchise; and " ihe inest i mable right of worshiping God according to the dictates of oar' own .. consciences, and this by our own sex in this boasted land of freedom, the land of our nativity and adoption. It behooves us, my sisters, to rise up against this wicked interference, and give them to understand that we know what we are doing, and in whom we trust, and that we will not tamely submit to have our rights trampled upon. Mrs. Feathers tone then read t he Circular to the Clergy and the Memorial to Congress of the ladies opposed to polygamy The were ladie3 then chosen to draft following resolutions: L. "Harrington, E. D. Clarke, 0. Shelley, J. Hindley, A. Mowley, M; Mott and M. King. After the committee had retired Mrs. M . Hindley, addressed the You all meeting. My Beloved sisters: know that our cit: has been canvassed by two girls seeking aignatures to a petition against polygamy. This is in accordance with the Circular to the Clergy, and who has signed it? a few poor weak women and some children, who know not what they are doing, but who will yet be sorry for the course they have taken, and some of these have been our sisters, gathered here for tho same purpose as ourselves; Q how I pity, be will their when inem,wnat anguish they realize the nature of their crime. We know that our husbands are men of God, faithful to lutions, which were similar to those of tho ladles of Salt Lake and Provo. Mrs.' M. T. Smoot, Mra. H. Crompton, Mrs.: A. Kelly, Mrs. C. Shelley, Mrs. L. E, Harrington Mrs, J. Durrant and many more of the , sisters expressed their, willingness to sustain the principle of plurality of wives. The testimonies were earnest and pointed and carried with them a firmness in the principle of Patriarchal marriage which could not be gainsay ed; also several of our young ladies expressed themselves proud that they were the daughters of plural wives. The Reslutions of the Committee were put to vote and unanimously adopted. Meeting adjourned sine die. Choir sang. Benedict tion by Mrs. Mary. John Emma Fetherstbne, Ass't Sec'y. 119 -- es should be separated Jsqm,- - Iheir.blossoma.', Place inaperectlyrciean vessel a of the best; ualltyof .parafline, quantity and put this vessel In another containing hot water when the parafflne Is wholly melted, dip each flower separately Into the wax. taking care that each part Is covered 1 with (the 1 mixture. A coating Is thus formed, t which excludes the air, and still allows the flower to retain Its freshness. Jieaves; should bej treated similarly, but tho wax 'should bo colore green, as near in shade as ' possible. Chrom0! green, lightened vwith:, chrome yellow, is, I think,, nearer than 'anything '' -- , flJ?J " esired . tint The floweri: and leaves can then be arrange4; in dusters or crosses or wreaths, aiid placed'secure from dusttmd flies, either under a el In n noan namA WaIa ,tuauo iur lue purpose. ' Frowrs id !o:bfnoservfd by mere- - fi if.'i: h : Ing'salphur,-hlc- means of anir-tghl-f pho J fefidnlci; box:' ''' . nflri'ed by iogtkiciQiiuiQy bichrdmato'df'ixrt strong solution. - Soak a pieco oflettor-papor- 1 J 