37 ruff, BdUbsheba W. Smith, Elizabeth Howard, E Kipg, Ellen BUhdp, Julia Howe, E. 8. Barney and E. S. Taylor. Thee sisters dwelt much upon the iibjee,t of education, and woman's work as an educator, and urged the sisters to use their utmost influence towards stimulating and inpirin? their friends to btcome public spirited and mutually helpful in all matters of general interest, availing themselves of all the opportunities within their reach, and especially the ballet, which right they enjoved and thould exercise. These meetings have been a source of gene:al instruction to the sisters a blessing unfold Here U an opportunity for women to hear and speak on all matters that come within woman's range of thought and reasoning:. Here many women are learning to give expression to their best thoughts intelligently. jHgH. - I he inuuren'ri rinafore: The performance of H. M. 8. Pinafore, in miniature, in this city, has beoa a great attraction recently. The little folfes who take part ore all quite younjj, the oldest being only fifteen, and most of them much younger. Mies Maggie Freeze who plays the put i of Josephine, has displayed talent in rendering it so perfectly. Her manner U quaint and original, which makes it all the more charming. The Mitses Felt do excellently well in their respective characters of Little Buttercup and. Cousin . ''his sisters,.hia cousin . and his aunts," all perform wonderfully. Sir Joseph's acting was indeed artistic; the young man showed considerable dramatic talent. The singing, dancing and acting all deserve great praise, and the Bait Lake audiences are certainly indebted to the children and their instructors for a very pleasant pastime in the shape of a dramatic and musical entertaioment. There are certainly some among them who to have the best musical education ought possible. . Heber Onriilarrl or.1 Mnt... xvixiimaii nave i,uaict very fine voice?, indeed they are remarkably The-Admira- l, mi 60. Key to the CJni verse: We have received (politeness of Mrs, Marian B. Pratt) Elder Or on Pratt' new scientific work entitled "K-to the Universe, a New Theory of Mechanism: founded first upon constant orbital propulsion, arising from tha velocity of gravity, and its -- y constant aberrations, and second, upon a resisting ethereal medium of variable density." Brother Pratt has made, the sciences of philosophy and astronomy the subject of years of close and diligent investigation, devotipg much time, means and intense thought to it in iiuuib vvueu oiuers siept, ana has brought forth new light upon these abstruse studies, which should be joyfully welcomed' by the but these are things o little understood world; that it is not expected tho work would be sought after by the masse?, but intelligent people should view it in the light of new revelation concerning the principles with which they desire to acquaint themselvts, in order to come to a fulness tf knowledge ol things in the heavens and in the earth. These will no doubt be revealed through humau agencies, quickened by the Spirit of God, with which Bro. Pratt has no doubt been blessed in making hid successful wonderful:' researches, in the boundleie fQd laud of tcitneo. The Saints intend their dren to excel in learning as well as all chil other things, and in view of the progress of the times should procure this ne and excellent work for their children if not for tbemselve. Bro. Piatt is one of the oldest members of this church and has labored earnestly and arduous-- y ' to establish ths kingdom, and should on this account receive the liberal patronage of IN MEMORIAM. the faints to assist him in publishing for the benefit and enlightenment of others, books containing the knowledge be has acquired by patient industry and toil by day and by night Died, at Clarkston, CkchGof3JS.ontti 17th of July, 189, of cold and inflammation of 1 COUNTY CONVENTION. the lungs, Lovisa Eveline, youngest daughter of Edmund and Susan Eveline Greeno Homer. She was born the 22d of July, 187G, at Sprifig-dalKane Co , Utah. e, " . On Monday evening, July 21, primary meetings were held in the' several , preclucts, and delegates appointed to the County Convention on the 26th Inst. Among the delegates were several ladies. The primaries were all quietly conducted in a business-lik- e manner. Qa Saturday, at li o'clock a.m., Ob! " A ft ing the little ones, making the Sunday School interesting; she was ecretary of the Y. L. M. I. A. at Fairfield, where she formerly resided; was ordained Secretary of tho Relief Society here, and always ready to do good her great est pleasure seeming to be in trafnicg th0 young. Her purity of thought and language were worthy of imitation. Beloved and respected she has gone to her ret, leaving a husband and three little brys (the youngest but four hours old), and many friends to mourn her 1083. She was born at St. Johns, Newfoundland, March 9th, 1845. ;: Pkovo, June 22d, 1879. ' . Mrs, Welis.;:-- Dear SUtei: I thought I would send you a fev lines concerning Sister Charlotte Hume Clive, recently deceased, as I have been acquainted with her personally ever since the and If she bad been my own sister jinearthe1851, flesh I could not have thought more" of her. She came to Salt Lake City in the year 1852, and shortly after her husband took another wife. She was ever willing to bear tier part under all circumstances that she had to pass through, and honored the principle of plural marriage. She was a kind mother and an affectionate wife; Sho has left son unrf large circle of friends to mourn her loss. -Your Sister in the Goppel, " m Teritorial Superintendent of District Schools John Taylor. Councilors to the Legislative Afsembly Joseph F. Smith, D. H. Wells, W. W. ClufT, John T. Caine. Representative to tho Leg'sUture-Jo- hn Jaquea. Selectman E. M. Weiler. County Superintendent of District Sohook .. T.B.Lewis. It was decided that the local officers chosen to fill vacanchs in the various precincts, re- ceive the endorsement of the Conventlpn, Just prior to adjournment the following per- sons were sustained by the Convention a the County Central Committee: John Sharp, David O Calder, Angus M. Cannon, John It! Wind r, Feramo z Little, John T. Caine, McKean, Mrs. E. B. Well, Mrs. & M. The-odoi- o Kimball, Mrs. M. I. Horne," John F. Smdaker Joseph 8. Rawlins, I. M. Stewart, Samuel Bennion, T. E. Taylor, A vote of thanks was tendered to the chairman and officers of the Convention, and after benediction by the chaplain, the Convention ' adjourned elne die. '" ' tn V.tf4Ul.V. A T' JL tt' i. T. -- : wifeof WmTDirr ftntritniiritw-TissTrtmSister Ada was ever ready to help in teach- vice-president- - , Lwi; at Tooele Jiine Slbt Died, Vernon, Co., y, Clayton.- - , 4 a earth, Thfujrh kmt a momDt to our B'.ghU . We'll find tbee beauteous i till, and br gbt, Cidthed In immortal life and VgbU CoFveliUdniet pursuant" to calHn theCHty A ' - flower of foutheratlrih; Too de.lcate and frail for the County Hall. Delegates were present from almost every district. Among the delegates were a few ladies, Mrs. E. B. Wells, Mrs Rebecca Biter, Mrs. Elizabeth Howard, Mrt. Diana Reld, Mrs. Anna Cross, Mrs. Louisa J. Ball. There were some lady alternates who were, admitted as members of the Convention. Prof. T. B. Lewis was cjecttd temporary chairman and W. L. Binder secretary. Committee on credentials, Messrs. J. B. Winder, George Rom-neDavid O. Calder, Archibald Gardner, and Joseph S. Rawlins. After the Committee had retired the chairman pro tem. made some suggestive remarks, in regard to .the importance of electing good men, full of Integrity, to offices among the people. The committee on credentials, returning, matfe a report which was ' :"; " promptly adopted. The Convention was then permanently organized by electing Bishop John Henry Smith chairman, Archibald Gardner and Adam T. E. Taylor and W. L. Spies Binder sectaries, Bishop Crane chaplain and Win, Nay lor 8ergeant.at-arm9- . .1! was maue anu accepted luafc tne 0 jt. mouou chuii man appoint a committee on nomination?; the following persons were then appointed: Davi i O. Calder, Frank Armstrong, Henry Dinwooriey, William Asper Adam Spiers, Alexander Hill, Samuel Bennion, Joseph S. Rawlins, Henry Day, Elizebeth Howard, Alma L. Smith. The committee retired and by invitation a few brief speacbes were made. The committee returned and reported nominations, which were accepted, and the names taken separately and voted upon; the nominations were all sustained. Commifsioners to Locate University Lands L. S. Hills, John Rowberry, John Van Cott. Auditor of Public Accounts Nephi V. fair, tweet . cit Jonis. A CORRESPONDENCE. Mbs. E. B. t Hob art T0W2T, May 5 th, Wells: 1879. : Dear Sister.-Y- our letter, dated March 1st, came 1879, duly to hand. I find the Eppo'nest both very Interesting and instructive, and, placed as we are in this far 63T land, ahyihlng coming from Zion has a double interest; for they seem like words of groat en conragement from dear friends, for though many miles 0f sea divide us, still ' that unexplalnable aome-thi- ng forms the bond of love, and I feel Jtrangely united to the Saints of Zidn; ' such n different bond of Jove and to any that can be found any whero sympathy else in thlt world-ando I to greatly long gather withthe Sainta! but when I shall be able to get away from hen I cannot tell. I thank our HeaVenly Father ' that my husband does not offer any: oblecUoni to my following up the word of God so far aa I can - d without leaving here; There are many unpropitious circumstancea. great number of year, arid have been blessed in temporal things; only'havinr and she being married and having a young family It seem8?but natural that a vry atwn tie is thus formed whinh tror '.1 nU, though for my own part, much as I Jot. my child and r th r could leave all for the sake of the bleulnsa grand-childre- n. nSJiS11 th as fi to 111080 h0 bey th Lord does not tee flttore- 