W OMAN' S . " ' w A LITTLE , ' the German ivy, or Maraunda vine which ismuch in shadn aQd tendril A very pretty idea is to make yourself or get some handy young man to make for you, a wooden cross ten or twelve inches fa ighranct stick it4n the potwitiusonioQna of your vines, and they will twine about It so thickly you will hardly, bo ablo to see the wood at all, and will bo tempted to think you have a cross of living green. The Maraunda is especially pretty for ' this purpose. Rosabel. JFor the Expowekt. SONG. There i a song, a tender EODf, Its words are veiled la foreign tongue ,But on Its cadence flcata alooy , Tho sweetest burden ever suns'. EXPO NE N T . more-delicat- , I know not what its words njaj be, But ohl I know the music's power; How sweet! how deep! Its charm for me Will hannt voj heart forevermore. -This little song of a far clime, One voice unto my ear hath taught; II y heart-strinthrill beneath its oblme, That voice with sweetest magic fraught. No othfr s mg, no other voice, Ilath e'er such cbarmiag in its tone; It bids my spirit faint, rejoice, Yet cbimeth with life's saddest moan' e gs ADUMBRATED PORTRAIT. BY HANNAH 0 tender heait! that holds the pong, Sketches of character, traced from the "mind's eye" of one who believes with the eminent poet, Pope, that "the noblest study of mankind Is man." tender voice! that makes the spell; 1 know the many thoughts that throng, The words that lips will never tell O And when hereafter you will sing. Through twilight, wafts of song and hymn, STARS This one will coxe, and with it bring A memory, t hough f ajiit and dim, Of T. KING. That have passed across my orbit, shedding in their transit a stray ray or two on my path of life spiiits, that have passed before me and are enshrined within the temple of my heart forever! pleasant summer days; You'll think of one who once was here; Wandering content 'mid rural ways, To whom this little song was dear. far-gon- e, Augusta Joyce Crochkrox. CHARACTER. A FEW HINTS ABOUT FLOWERS. un-asaurai- nts ? recoil from their quiet scrutiny; a mouth displaying the firmness and purify of the character, by the compression and delicacy " of the chiseled lips. Yet f&thal, this being was so mild, seem-inglso raised above human weaknesses, soaring ever abovo the waves of life's tempestuous ocean, that "'twas an 'ark," where many a weary "dove" sought and found repose, found rest, found happiness, and peace; and the loitiness, which almost repelled by its grandeur, melted when we saw that eye look liquid, that mouth encompassed by the workings of emotion at the sorrows of another, and we loved this being the more when we discovered, amid all its superiorities, it wa3 still "one of us!" ' A manly minu but, dearer still, a feminine heart, was the summary oftruly this rarely found character! Religious in the' best sense of tho word, y house-plants- . y ng; . s r' . . without cant, without Pharisaical assumption, without display, nothing gloomy, nothing ascetic, nothing exclusive the loving, compassionate, charitable Spirit of the Divine Founder of Christianity, was the model after which it was cast. Conversation condensed and appropriate, every word telling, with a cheerfulness,and playfulncss,that won all with the sweetness of their healthy tones. In filial duty, and in every relative affection, exemplary! In friendship warm, loving and sincere, ready at all times to stretch forth a helping hand, whether to nurse, to comfort, to cheer, to smoothethe dying pillow, to sustain the drooping soul, by holding forth the light of revelation with tho. simplicity, humility and love oLa disciple of the Saviorfa faith -- , i coulcf ae-vat- - a 14 w A wm slakp, firm, ;reJyine :an4 " ed V Ever possessing a noble, independent mind, doing good to all. with tho means possessed, in prosperity grateful, in trial submissive and resigned, kissing with meekness thn rod of the Great Father of the universe, knowing there i3 a "silver lining to every cloud." In sickness still maintaining the same cheerfulness, the same playfulness, the same resignation, and in death yes, alas! alas! in, death, that hour of trial and of truth, joyfully triumphant, dying as the erring should die, without parade, without display, alone resting on the "Rock of Acres." Whv fall mv tears?" They are purely selfish ; no, not all selfish, they fall over a bright pae of memory, which friendship,reverenceand love has. forever turned down on tho tablet of my ST. Presence, carriage and bearing' majestic; and Slddons-lik- e manners, gracious, courteous and conciliating, yet humble and features of a high and lofty forehead character, capacious, eyes, 'those "windows of the soul." grey and lustrous, large and pupilling, capable of that complex expression which a fine grey eye alone: exhibits, denoting a cultivated intellectual, penetrating, observant soul! shadowing forth by their brilliauey the jowels of the casket, yet so passionless, so searching, that if one had anything to conceal they would For the Exposure. Repot your Calla's now and give them plenty of sunshine and water if you wish early winter blossoms. In my modest collection of house-plamy -- Calla's hold supreme sway as my favorites; though I am quite partial to my bright colored geraniums and, heliotrope for they (the geranium) do brighten up one's rooms so on a dull winter's day when all without is cold and white and cheerless. I rather think every body has a hobby of some sort and 1 freely confess house-planlis mine; and a rea nico hobby, it is tool I don't think there is any work (if I may call it work) that I enjoy, about the house so much as trimming, watering and attending to my I give my lilies rich toil with plenty of sand to make good drainago and hot water in the saucer every morning; and 0, how they repay ofe for a little care with great white waxy blossoms, graceful folinge and delicious fragance.- - I prefer eat windows if possible for my flowers, though south, or west will do nicely especially in the winter as then they are not likely to have more sunshine than they need. For vines I have English, German and Keniiworth ivies, or mother of thousands, some call ihe latter. I must not forget to mention the Maraunda vine which is lovely to train about- - the windows, or around pictures; it bears a beautiful little bell.shaped fltfwer in white and purple which makes it more attractive to me, than either of the others: though all or any of them are nice to train about the walls and windows. They must bs kept, moist and given plenty of light and they will do utmost anyming you want them to in the way of twining. The Keniiworth ivy looks very pretty in the fcof with your lilies or other tali and grows so quick it soon covers thoplants, earth and pot. . And I am qulte'sure If any of the readers of this article will try the ment th-- will be satisfied, with 'the experiresult The leaves of the English ivy need to be washed with soapsuds about once a month if you wish it to thrive in tho house: its dark green Jeaves are a" prwtty contract to 1 Were there no shades in this bright character, do you ask? 'T was human) and that is ever impeirect; out let not tne eye or friendship search out, or the hand trace the shadow upon such a diaI;:or none were more alive to the humbling traits of r i r 1VIV v u iuir. iilt iiiiriiMiiiiv iiinruJ .A.AIJ riii iV1JU U J iiiinu UVUW UiUi v f none in rcreator ucroia must nave Its allov. humility would exclaim: "By tho grace of God I am what I am!'' ALFRED TENNYSON. Alfred Tennyson, D. C, is a popular English poet, the third son of George Clayton Tennyson, rector of Clayton Parish. He was born at,Somerby, in Lincolnshire, in 1809. He. .was.educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he obtained a prize for an English poem in blank verso on "Timbuctoo," in 1820. Ho wass still an undergraduate of Trinity Coltage'when ho published a volume entitled, "Poems," chiefly lyrical, in 1830. In 1833 ho published another volume of poems, Including among others, that "exquisite thing, "The May Queen." ;:.(&&; I write this the dear old song and music comes back to me, when so free and careless I sang it so often in days of Lang Syne). He also wroto about this time "The Palace of Art," "A Dream of Fair Women," and others which compared with his earlier efforts, show great Improvement in richness of thought and beauty of Imagery. His "Princess: A Medley," is an admirable poem. "In Memoriam,, is a beautiful tribute to the memory of his friend, Arthur IL. Hallam. Maud" and Enoch Arden" are especially liked by all poetry lovers, also "Idyls of the King.?' Those were published, respectively, in 1859, and 1861. Tennyson succeeded Wordsworth as poet laureate, in 1851. The Quarterly Review says or Mr. Ten. nyson's poetry: "After the descriptive beauty of the laureate's verso, perhaps no quality of it is more highly praised t,han it" measure," and truly the purity and delicacy of its movements is almost beyond praise. Though certain, common excellences may make a, plausible resemblance, yet in truth, no contrast Is greater than thit between the jeweled beauty of Mr. Tennyson's style and the crystalline effulgence the "non irait-abl- o ulgur" of the great ancients. Tennyson has resided on the Isle of Wight for ' some years. t4 " . In 1870 he published the Grail " Tho readers of the Home "Holy are doubtless familiar with his later'poems, so I will not iaKo tno spaco to enumerate them. ' ' America Olive Harrxngton. HoiiE. 1 