& x j & "REPORT. Editor Exponent: t; Editor Exponent: Sniper ville, Parley's Park. , Our Belief Society, havohadli very on couraglng visit from President Sarah S. Richards, and her Counselors, Jesters ' Reynolds and Roundy. After singing and prayer Sisfcr Richards wished to here from some of the sisters present. Sister Harriet Chapman and.Sister Wright, made some appropriate remarks. Conn. Reynolds, then bore nor testimony to the truth of this work, and exhorted the sisters to be faithful and live for the kingdom of God, and righteousness- - For what are riches of compared to eternal life. C6un. .Roundy said she was surprised and very much pleased to see so many sisters; she did not think there were so many in this place. She spoke of tho care mothers should have over their children, they should avoid using; bad language before them, and must teach ;them to pray that they may be guided aright J She told the sisters not to let little things keep them ' away from their meetings, and counseled us to pay our donations freely and to teach our children to pay donations too. Pres. lUchards said she hoped the sisters would be prayerful and be united in their Society and she felt that we should do much gopdjsho asked tho sisters to be careful what they said ofone another and if they couuld not say any thing good, say nothing at all. Sb promised to come in a month and organize us We also expect to have a Young LaiUes'Sociely organized at the same -- this-worl- . FINDING FAULT WITH OLD FOLKS. I feel constrained to write on this subject, incidents having come under my observa- ! T ; i . ! .. Our beloved Bishop, then mado a few remark's said he was well pleased with tho sisters meeting and hoped the Saciety would prosper In Snydervillp, jemembering ' 2H botfeT'laTe tfian never.' And he would always boon hand to help us all ho 1 possibly could. : Brother Bradbury and Brother Snyder, followed with very encouraging remarks and war well pleased with the meeting. Ever praying God to abnndantly ble3s you, is the desire of your sister in tho Gospel of Christ; 1 ZELNORA CttAPMAN. "old-fashione- Wallsbueo, Editor Exponent: Treasurer., Our Society numbers fifty two members. We are trying to keep up with the spirit of the times and perform our duty. ly. We hold our meetings The have destroyed our crops here. Wo may not bo able to add much to our store of wheat ;this, Reason. We have semi-month- grass-hopp- ers , , built a good,: substantial' granary; worth forty dollars, we have stored ono hundred And twenty, six bushels and twenty four pounds. Wo own eleven shares in the Coop store $55 00, other property on hand $40 00. Total $95 00, Disbursed, $8,05. t With success to all who labor for the cause of Zion wo remain your sisters In the Gospel. r, An Glenn. Sab , Secretaries. Lucina ; Boren tion which impressed me with, a sense of the injustice of such a practice... Long, established habits! what power and influ. ence they have over aged persons.; And yet many young people imagine that by criticism, dictation, and a little ridicule about "odd ways," they can bring old people on a plane with . themselves, and get them to adopt their habits, which are so much "higher toned" then the old - prosy ways of fifty years, ao. People as: they 'gftiW offlTgtow morS sensitive; the burdens of life weigh heavily upon their worn spirits, and they yearn lor. tenderness and love from the young and strong, whom they have, perhaps, borne about in their arms in childhood, and soothed with loving' words, and now they need the same In return. I know some old: persons who at times are really embarrassed and Intimidated by the criticisms of their grown children, who smart assoin presence of their would-bciates, ridicule their parent's ways." The Wise man says, "riso up before the agedj and honor grey hairs." I have always been thankful to my mother for teaching me correct habits, and especially for instructing me to honor and respect the aged, to do1- all in my power to bless and comfort them. I remember in my youthful days I went far away from my mother to attend school in New Hampshire, I boarded with a lady milliner, who had a kind heart, and she had an aged mother, who all her life had known affliction, in consequence of having.a cruel husband. The daughter sometimes spoke unguardedly re-to her mother; then oh, how she would proach herself, on a moment's reflection! She adored her mother. There waa an aged man in the neighborhood, whom we called "Father Doolittlo;" he was a sorrowful man. He was "attracted to me because I was a religious girl. I listened to his tale ot woe, which he would relate with tears streaming from his eyes. There was at ono time In Massachusetts a religious sect organized, called "New Lights;"... they believed In having' 'spiritual husbands and wives. His wife became enamored with her spiritual teacher, forsook her :husband and nine children, left home In the absence of her husband "and eldest daughter, and e Acting Sec'y. We held our annual meeting July 21st, Sister Nancy Wall, resigned her position as President, on account of moving away: wo were reorganized as fellows; 'Elizabeth Clifton, President; Polly Meacham, and Almira , Duke, Counselors; "Sarah Glenn, and Lucina Boren Secretaries; Mary Kerby, J The fifth Quarterly Conference of the Davis Stake Relief Society, was held at Farmington July 17, 1879, Pre3. JSarahjI. Homes presiding.- Present, Elders' Israel Barlow, of. East Bountiful, James Loyhd, E. T. Clark, and Freeman Leonard of Farmington. The afternoon was entirely occupied with the written and verbaYreports" ot the different Societies; including the Y. L. A's of the Stake; tho P. A's of East Bountiful and Farmington All were represented as doing well. Tho afternoon: speakers were, Sisters C. M. Barlow, Zelnorn Glover, Aurelia S. Rogers, and Mary L Clark. Also Brothers Israel Barlow, and Jas. Loynd. Pres. S. I. Home s made the closing remarks. The speakers dwelt upon the subjects, of plurality of wives, humility, prayer, union, confidence, etc., etc; A general good feeling and spirit prevailedjand the rich instructions given were received with marked attention., Minerva. E. Richards, Sec'y fFor the Exponent. " v t"' T : time. ' - -- d started with her lover for he State of New I York. Oh it was a sad story, "i was 1 very yuuug gin, uuc wi in ai religious i thought of my mother's teachings. Twas hhouvwu putiug i,iiu uaim consolation into the wounded spirit of the poor old man. His eldest daughter had helped to raise the family. The good manjQyed the Bible and hymnbook. He would walk a mile every week to get me to read the Bi. Die ana sing nymns with him; hii voice was broken, but I woujd not for the world have laughed at his singing. He lived with his children, and good and loving children they were, and ; they loved and praised nW for trying to soothe the sorrows of thejr poor- - iatfrer, and 'because I pitied the lonely man who all ..his. life mourned for his'fallen wife. to the story, which I Thero is will write another time. Permit me to add a word of counsel to my young1 readers: "Speak gently to' the aged j'V 'soothe their sorrows all 'you possibly can; then shall you bo comforted when your eyes grow dim and: your limbs tremble' With age. Peace will flow to your hearts when you remember how you showed mercy to some sorrowing soul, and so it shall be tlone unto you, "Speab gently to the aGd. -- - ": " :'-- . ' ;. Beaver, Sept, 5, 1879. l. b. Pratt. THREE CLASSES OF WOMEN. Women are divided into "three;, classes: The malicious;, 'or" strong, minded, or practical. Indianapolis Herald. Are they born so, of does their education develop them? To which class does your daughter belong? Are you teaching her to be practical or strong-minde(being the least objectionable)? D6 your oversee her weak-minde- d, i -- d, , "sttidiesX- you, Instill 'Into. pmmd sL love of truth and honor? Are youiiiruthlul? else your influence Will be a failure. " Do1 you teach her to be useful in the home? encourage her love for younger children? teach her by example to work with her hands and arrange the disagreeable parts in such light that by doipg Jt: shej will add to her own and not fancy, like many women that work done by hand lowers them in the state of life. Suppose your daughter at eighteen or twenty your ideal of true ' womanhood; i3 loveajble In the house; has graduated with hofkirj is a good housekeeper: can entertain handsomely; Is your own and her father's valued pride; also qualified to take a fair business, position, in what class would y on place! her? f If you have dn object to reach iu business you "keep that aim In. view and strive by all obstaevery lawful means cles; and yet,inthe most important ot works the training 'of your :daughtersp how we leave them to circumstances, Torgetting the work is open to woman a wellas man, be: taken to fit and thatQxtrai care-muthem for. thdrewIltiorii! i Guard them from eveiywron influence,! -- supply thenr with every means to facilitate their, progress, attend mb3ti carefully to3 health and habits, all thesa points are "mothers care." Let ua pondertem In our hearts' and speak with each other through the dear EtoME. Mrs. R. C. L Ex. -- self-respec-t, ill-tau- ght -- : - st ; : would relish food,1 labor for. it re you take It;"If you "enjoy; 'clothing, pay for it before you wear It; If you would sleep soundly; take'a clear 'conscienbg. to bed with If you you.-Frankli- nl he-fo- ' "i'rii.; 