WO Mi N ' S E 236 A GEM FOB EVERY MONTH. Wo have been reading recently in "Tho American Home," some articles which were very interesting on the subject which forms the heading to this chapter, from which we select the poems for each month. "The American home is a pleasing weekly journal published in Chicago, and contains many items of special Interest, letters from Washington, and articles on floriculture, in fact a great variety of literary matter that must certainly benefit those who read it with care. - ' This is a mineral combination of silicates of alumina, lime, iron and maugancse, and is colored in variety according to the differ-en- t proportions of the Ingredients. February. The February born will flad Sincerity and and peace of mind, Freedom from passion and from care, s of a bluish violet color. the Greek. of quartz, The name is from ) October. October's child la born for woe, And life's vicissitudes must know; But lay an opal on her breast, And hope will lull those woes to rest Opal is a siliclous mineral. The color of the Noble Opal, so highly prized as a gem, is commonly milky, and has a play of bril- liant but delicate internal reflections. In the Fire Opal the reflections are a fire red in color. This stone is esteemed unlucky, but the absurd superstition cannot be traced farther back than Scott's novel of "Anno of e Gernstien," in which the Baroness of of Arnheim wears one. November. November's wail finds its solace in the thought that, Who first comes to this world of woo With drear November's fog and snow, Should prize the Topaz amber hue Emblem of friends and lovers true. December. And wear a Bloodstone to tbclr grave. April. She who fiom April dates her j ears Diamonds should wear, lest bitter tears, For vain repentance flow; thlg etono Emblem of innocence is known. - May. Who first beholds the light of day In Spring's sweot flowery month of May, And w4rj an emerald all her life, Shall bo a loved and happy wife. Emeralds are found in Grenada and Siberia. It is a silicate of alumina and glucina, col- - Tfii : . with nvvd nf nh fnm Inm a decided rich green. Queen Victoria's state ctowj contains 3,093 precious stones, amojjwhieh are eleven Emeralds, 1,363 brilliant diamonds, and 1,273 rose diamonds. r June. Who comes with summer to this eart h't And owes to June hor day of birtb, With ring of Agate on her band Can health, wealth and long life coinmaufl. July. The glowing Ruby should adorn Those wbo in warm July are born: Then will they be exempt and free from love's doubts and anxiety. The glowing Uuby serves its patrons born in July, and so rare is the real ruby it is considered moro precious than5 the diamond. AuausT. The August born should Wear a Sardonyx, or for ttec No conjugal felicity. The August born without this e tone, Tis said, must live unloved and lone. This is a reddish yellow stone, nearly allied to onyx, which is commonly a light brown and white. This is the mineral used for Cameos, the figure being cut In one layer the other layer funishlng the back ground. September. If cold December gavo you birth, The month of enow, and ice, and mirth, riaoe on your band a Turquoise blue; Success will b'ess wbate'er you do. The Turquoise is found in Persia, and the Shah is supposed to have In his possession all the first gemi, as he allows only those of inferior quality to leave the country. In consequence large Turquoises of good quality bring great prices. The "Home," in writing up the gems, has given them in Analectic Chapters; numbered. The writer says in looking over a of huge package old newspapers her eye fell upon a poem entitled "A Gem for every Month." The diamond is perhaps tho mo3t interesting of all gem subjects to most readers. "Some people believe that the time is not far distant when some chemist will discover the secret of making the Diamond. And an azure blue minwhy not? from are which eral, manufactured cosily vases and other ornamental articles, once worth its weight in gold, can now be manufactured by the ton." The arrangement of the stones of the Diamond constitutes the difference between it and pure charcoal. In Amsterdam there are 10,OCO Jews directly, or indirectly, dependent upon Diamond-cutting as a trade, and they are poorly paid. Tho three forms in which Diamonds are cot are tho table, the rose, and the brilliant. The brilliant is a double pyramid, or cone, cut of! at tho top by a or table, and largo at the bottom by a small plane, one called the collet. The Romans, taught by the Indians, valued the diamond entirely on account of its supernatural virtues, and Pliny says of it, it baffles poisons, keeps offrinsanIty, and dispels vain fears. The Italians asserted that it maintained concord between hus. Lapis-lazul- i, band and wife. Doubtless, jewels arobest beheld in situs, rtll ' hfever teing neither the mine matrix, but in their proper some place-ab- out fair person, which gives you a , MISS ANTHONY'S SPEECH AT THE WASHINGTON CONVENTION in the form of Oriental Topaz. i A rail Jen born when autumn leaves Are rustling In September's breez? , This is granular. It appears also in crystalline forms, and when clear, in all Its beauty and rarity, Is the gem known as sapphire, which is of various colors, though it is only the blue crystals that generally receive this name; a red crystal of it is call-e- d the Oriental Ruby, and a yellow one the Who on this earth of our3 thc-- r e jos In March flrat open shall bo wisp; In days of peril firm and brave, nrArl y emery. March. ; - Her-mion- If they the Amethyst will,wear. The Amethyst .Is a sub-specie- A Sapphire on her brow should bind, 'Twill oare diseases of the mind. The oxyd alumina comes January. By her who in this month is bora Kosrems but Qarnots should be worn; They wiJHnsure her constancy, True friendship and fidelity. IP O N E NT . onrtlme "admIring "twp beautfql tMn&3 at BKEAD AND THE BALLOT. Miss Susan B. Anthony took the stand, and made an earnest and logical speech,' the subject being tile relations . botween "Bread and the ballot" Mias Anthony said wman wants bread not the ballot. It was usual with people as long as they got all they wanted to bo con- tent. She cited the British worldngmanr sketched his rise and progress from the time when he never made a ripplo on political thought down to the present, when the franchise gives him the power behind the throne. She said disfranchisement is always political degradation to any class affected by It disfranchisement and degradation being in politics synonymous terms. The Englisrrmecbanicamt laborer who were ground down and robbed by capitalists fifty years ago mobbed their best friend, John Bright, when he advocated the ballot for them at a public meeting. They did not want the ballot, they wanted bread. ' So woman may think she does not want tfi ballot. to show Miss Anthony then proceeded that parties and politicians show no respect to any person or sex, color or condition, unless such person has power, power to vote, power to control results, power to influence elections, power to give success or defeat to partie?, to elect such persons to office or to defeat them. She quoted Eng lishwomen voting at municipal election, and how the instinct of self preservation makea party leaders court the laboring vote here as there. Human nature is selfish. It looks out for its own interests. It shows favor to those upon whom it depends for success. It Is not magnanimity and generosity that controls parties or men. Politics and Republics are ungrateful. Self-intere- is the great Incentive st that yields homage to the power of the worklngman. Tho Grand old Democratic Party was the party that early advocated tho rights of the workingman, of the poor man. Jefferson opposed property qualification. Some persons hero perhaps are old enough to remember when a man could not vote unless he was worth a certain amount of property. Old Ben Fcankliri ridiculed this doctrine. He said here is a man who owns a donkey worth say $250. Because ho owns this he can vote. To morrow property the donkey dies, and he can not vote. Wai it the man or the donkey who voted? to-da- y Laughter. Martin Van Buren advocated tho right of the poor man to vote. It was this position toward thepoor mu that gave the Democratic pirty its power. Tho word Democrat meant opposed to aristocracy. The Idsnmau; ere he left the green island shore, was a Democrat, prepared to vole tho Democratic ticket because he was poor and that party favored him, and ever since that time the Democratic party has stood ready to give him whatever ho asked for, becau3e he had a vote and could give them power and place and party success by hii voto. Ho wanted ten hours work for a day's labor, and the Legislature gave It to him. He wanted eight hours' labor to mako a day's work and the Legislature gave It to him, a'hd so everything he demanded has been at his service because he had a vote. These votes gave the Democracy power until they, abandoned their record and showed they had no real sympathy with the poor man and the oppressed by smiling and . 