SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 1, 1879. Vol. 7. For the Exponent. AFTER LONG YEARS. I best, most comfortable and tasteful way with the means she has at her command, but she has no right, it is not her duty to a friend lines sugges'edonunexpccUdty muting Impromptu waste her precious time, or wear out her af ter a lapse of twenty two years. body in putting on so much useless, yea, worse than useless trimming, causing so Alter long- years oyer time's shifting Bands much labor and wasting so much time in Of strivings, of conflicts, and caret When leaving behind ns youth's sunny lands, washing and Ironing. Many a young That once looked so golden and fair, mother has been permanently injured by And th' bright stream of life merges Into the tide this folly at the sewing machine. I think That Is nearlng eternity's sea, it Is wrong, it is not pleasing In the sight Whose waters no longer sparkling glide of the Lord; far better would it be for us Through vales where It sported with glee. who profess to be above the follies of the Like a rift In a sky, world to spend pur time in trying to adorn G learning down on chill winder's snow, Is the clasp of a hand, or glance of an eye, and cultivate our minds and tho minds of From dear ones of long, Jong ago. those who are given to us of the Lord. Old years roll book like the vesture of day, There is enough of sorrow and suffering We're carried on swift wings of thought; for all to bear who live out their days on Bright scenes, fair faces, long hidden away. this earth, and mothers should try to fortify Well up from the depths of the heart, the minds of their children wtth good and Iavisible powers sweep over the soul, true Like glory that heralds the dawn, principles, and unwavering faitn in God under all circumstances. Tnis will visions of beauty untold, Bearing glad From out the long years that are gone; make them brave and strong, this will conHouseholds deserted are peopled again, stitute men andromep?ofcharacter;, wa We mingle with them as of yore; do not want pap(iiiepi. 4We' should Sweet voices blending In thrilling refrain teach our children correct ideas of life, and Come back from the "Evergreen Shore." with patience and gentleness teach them to . Welcome the power that after long years labor aM to .endure some M tke JkUgues: Cements "broken !Wto"Ia'ttmBVblttr1-'- " and cares of older life. Do not, "dear sister, Helps us to see, through the rainbow of t ears, Restored to the ranks of the slain, give your, beloved and carefully nurtured Heroes who battled for freedom and truth, daughter to somoone for a wife and mother Daring dangers, righting foul wrong, who, though she may bo educated and acNow all clothed anew, in eternal youth, complished In branches taught In school, Shout anthems of Freedom's glad song. yet knows nothing, of the more important Magical choir, reaching down through the years, duties of life, or the responsibility ghe has And up through the heavens above, assumed. There is sorrow and vexation in Like a wave rounding the sphere , store of our Father's great love. for her, poor girl; the education of L. M. IlEWLINfiS. her hands has been neglected. This will Salt Luke City, Feb. 16, 1879. apply to boys too. No father shonld send his son out to fight the battle of life without giving him a knowledge of getting a For the Exponent. living, which cannot slip away from him; ;a lesson to mothers. no matter how much property he may have, teach him to labor. To those who are permitted to live the We should try to arrange all that we do so as to accomplish the most and beat allotted time of man upon the earth, to live good. to a good old age, life seems but a we If can our children give school good passing dream; in speaking of their childhood they education, that is good, but let not this ex. often say, "It seems but elude other practical and useful knowledge. yesterday." Very little can be accomplished If we can afford to have good comfortable by those who man.o me rest use mey can or their time. houses and costlv aDrarel wlthont retHn. Scenes change so quickly, duties and cares Into debt, that is good too, yet let not that crowd upon us, sd much to do and to think suftlce; better to have a soul adomed with ofjthat to a reflecting mind there la no love, meekness, honesty, truth ana thankfulness, patience, time for superfluities. If we would make than all tho glory and our record one of usefulness and honor here, Jlcnes of the whole .world, for these-- will and ef glory and exaltation hereafter, we fade, but the beauty and riches of the soul must make every hour count, we must not wm reacn Deyond the grave. waste our time upon things wherein there Wo should, try to cultivato in the minds is no profit We shonld strive to store of our children a love for the beautiful up in knowledge and to lay up such treasures as in the grand old mountains around nature, Will not fade. our homes, a love for music and good readSome will spend their time, means and ing, and for everything that is noble and principal thoughts In cooking, cleaning and true and that will refine and exalt their adorning their houses and persons, to the ideas. .It needs not wealth to attain these neglect of their own minds and the minds things; there can be refinement and peace In the humblest cottage. I once LtheIr chIIdren- - If yon as these persons knew a about any of the current items of the who lived in a family d day log cabin, they do not understand you. I admit that so brown and bare outside no that of it Is right and proper, nay, more, It is our or even a weed grew around spear grass, It, only duty to make our homes pleasant and ata green field not far could bo away seen; to tractive; every Latter-da- y Saint will do save the mark and relieve Insdo that, every mother will aim to make her some of our best papers andthVeye. books could bo nome the best place on earth to her loved a few choice flowers stood in the winseen, ones; It Is her duty also to provide suitable dow, every little arrangement in the house, clothing for them, and to arrange it In the though of tho simplest No. 23; - neatness and taste;" tho boys, would bring out thoir little instruments of music InTtho evening, and there was ""love at hbme.,, There was a spirit of improvement, I have watched the boys from that bpme; they are now making a mark in this kingdom putting their shoulders to the wheel and trying and expecting to do their part in the redemption of ZIon. When father and mother together to make homo pleasant, andreachafter improvement, it is not hard for children to follow. co-oper- ate : t wind-driv- Key-no- en te dirt-roofe- kind,-betoken- ed . . cloud-darken- ed ' 'Q ANNIE. - , JN. , . NOTES. AND NEWS. Woman's Rights in Japan. A woman's rights demonstration has been made by a lady in the Southern Province, who protests against paying taxes unless she Is allowed the privilege of voting. Her let. ter which is pertinent and logical even in Japanese estimation, has been referred by local authorities to the - central u - " ' nun - ftxcaltm HonJoInn of (ko nnntfai On the outside of the April number of the "Woman's Suffrage Journal" published. Misa Xydia E. Becker. is an earnest editor, entreaty to the women of England. fn-Mancfi- es'ter,.. Vote! vote! vote Women Ratepayers are reminded that Elections of 'poor-La1 w Guardians, Members of Local Boards, .Church wardens, Overseers, Auditors and oiuer vmciais taice place during April. Vestrv mflfitinf"n fnr hn r ; Church wardens usually take place on the Tuesday in Easter week. Women Ratepayers have the right to attend and vote In all local elections, and thojrrare earnestly exhorted to use the suffrage, which the law confers upon them. ' Elections for Guardians and Members of Local Boards are conducted by means of voting papers, which are left at the houses of the are called for before the election. Women ratepayers should see that their papers are duly filled up and signed ready to be given up when called for, and In case of failure to collect the papers they should themselves forward them to tho proper officer, who is bound to notify by public advertisement the time and place when" he will receive papers which have not been 1 ndnna Rate-payers,a- It is of the utmost conseaaen.-- o thafc vc. men should exercise their votes on every lawful occas3on, Dorcas, drawing-rdom,an- d other have been held in various parts of meetings England to awaken an Interest and prepare Parliamentary petitions for the member Hon Mr. Courtney in support of his resolution. The question was submitted to the House in March under new. conditions, and In a slightly altered form. This question was a resolution offering the principjo one laid dowirby Lord Beaconsfleld that Isanoma-lousffiit at tary the-Parliamen- franchise at. tached to a household or qualiflca. tion when possessed by property a woman should not be exercised, though In all local elec. tions, when similarly qualified she exercises this right; and that this anomaly Is in to JUriOUg the best inforfiof M tHn rnnnl nd 