Give, her 0f the fruit" of her hands; and let her own works praise hermv : " For the JEXPoaKKi. : AT LAST. Thefre must b something we desire to gaio, A recompense for pacing to and fro; Some sweet fruition which we would obtain, Or greater wisdom, that we fain would know; And this is why we toil ont and endure Do battle 'mid life's trial, storms and strife ; Because we feel that, there is something sure That we shall And, within a higher life. But heavy cares and burdens on our way Confuse, and weary us i arid we forget Ofttimes, the blessings given day by day, The goal, towards which our faces we have set, Else we should onward press, stemming the stream) Facing the current with au effort grand; Nor sleep upon our oars, or careless dream, Lest we lost sight of Eden's promised land. But In life's summer time so passing sweet, When all around seems blooming gay with flow'rs, We're apt to shrink from duties we should meet, And linger dallying In wayside bowers, 7 Till we're reminded, by the setting sun, That time, for idlers, will not, cannot wait, And we resume the task, erstwhile begun, Perchance to murmur , at our adverse fate. ucky if only sweets we gathered, while We sought for pleasures on the broad highway; For sometimes serpents charm us to beguile, And lead our footsteps very far astiay. And we must wander in a wilderness, In doubt and fear not knowing what to do, The sweets we tasted turn to bitterness. And thorns and briars,pierce us through and throngb. angel takes us by the band, out of sadness, darkness, night, Leadipg'us And we begin to see and understand, That we bad wandered far, from truth and light, Twere better if we never turned aside, fret labored diligent wlttiLoonstant care, Stern duty for our motto, faith our guide. Patience our helpmeet and our watchword, prayer. "Till some good Ye who are toiling in youthful prime, See that you sow some good, some precious seed?, Or make some record that will be sublime, Engraven in the archives of geod deeds. For these alone true rest and peace can bring, A bounteous yielding from the harrowed past, That will like glory, round you ever cling, Diffusing happiness unto tte laU. But No. 9. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER 1, 1879. Vol. 8. if wo would life's Icssods wisely leard. that peace for which our spirits long, The immortality for which we yearn. And find Then we must out of suffering, grow more strong. There is a something pure for which to live, There are bright sunbeams that will ever gleam, And joys supreme, that heaven alone can give, That will exceed our fairest brightest dream. Ekii.b. September 20, 1879. HOME AND HAPPINESS. How lo make home happy is a question worthy of deep thought, and should be in the minds of ladies. There are so many little things that add to the happiness of a home and fill it with light and beauty. A lady's nature may readily be judged from the arrangement of her ,home. If upon entering a home we find flowers, books, pretty, not necessarily: expensive; pictures, beautiful and useful little articles of fancy work, we can easily tell that there is within this home an industrious, refined, gentle creature, and we instinctively turn towards such a one with feelings of affection, and perhaps love, without ever seeing her. Her very surroundings tell us where her thoughts are most, and we know her mind by studying her handiwork. "A true art. all-youn- g 1st," one might say as she looks around and sees the beautiful little mats, cushions, dies, wall ornaments of autumn loaves, ferns, grasses, shells, dc. It is so easy, so enjoyable, to decorate one's home in a real cheerful manner, and it lies within the reach of every human soul to do this. The test, thejbrightest ornament is a person possessing a peaceful, contented mind. Where the mind is content the face is always beautiful, for an expression of happiness lights up the countenance and renders the most plain really pretty. Who with any loVe for nature, or art, could rest content with four bare white walls always staring them in the faee? It relieves the mind, it rests the eyes to have something pretty to look at Nothing could be more delightful to the young and active than to take rambles through the --caiion3 and meadows during these long hummer days, and gather bunches of the golden brown and red autumnal leaves, then of an evening, when the hard day's work is done, we can iV and weave" these carefully pressed leaves into crosses, wreaths, clusters, and many strangb devices, to ornament the walls. Autumn leaves are a pleasure in every respect, and in- the long winter evenings, as we look ,upon the prettily arranged leaves that make our surroundings look so warm and cheerful, smiling down upon us, the pleasure of picking them is recalled how with dear friends we roamed over hill and, dale and sought these charming treasures j how we laughed and chatted as we walked along, stopping now and then to reach in some dangerous place to gather a few leaves, which from their very position seemed more beautiful than all the rest. Oh, how often do we value hard sought treasures, though not nearly as beautiful, more than those found with little seeking! Yet so it is; wo value the moonlight more than the starlight because the moon only comes at certain intervals, and the stars are always there. Yet if, like Jupiter, we had four moons shining down upon us, we would Value the stars more, because they are farther away. Oh, soul,why not be content with the near and constant, instead of seeking seemingly so beautiful and true, may prove so very false. What queer looking individuals we would be if we had plain, white faces, void of ex. pression. As the smile and animation light up our faces, so do the. pretty ornaments light up our homes. How nice it Is to be ablojo make little presents to our friends and companions, and surely nothing could be more acceptable-thaa piece of one's own hanxji work. We , love the gift simply sake of the giver, and therefore a: iUtj'e .rjiece ofwork ...is : often valued more .than V, the costliest present, because the 4onprdld;it herself." When yqo make a gift, have 4ij as much like yourself as possible, andl j't,' is sure to be loved, j If you aro a. poet give me a poemj . If :a painter, give' me Vjpicture; if a ' florist, send, me flowers. Theaitie gif t con-taithe 8onlof the giver, and you love and cherish It almost as you would love and cherish the being It represents, . nice is to It Very have a home filled with tho costliest ornaments of art, such as ti- g .ever-changin- that-which- , n for--the;- : '. i . ns .'. statues, pictures, vases, &c-- but how few there are who .can aiford these things, yet there are none who cannot( afford to decorate their homo, with the work of their 9 own hands. Too much time is spent now on one's personal appearance. To be sure, we cannot be too careful about making ourselves peat and pretty, but for a young lady to devote all her time and intellect on arranging her costume is simply absurd; yet there ave many who do this and whose only thought is "How can I make myself fashionable and attractive?" Alas! what a mistake, that a pretty face and dress will do this. If you really wish to be attractive, decorate your face with smiles, your mind with knowledge and learning, and your person with good manners; then every one will love and admire you. A well stored mind is sought after for the ideas it can Impart, a cheerful" disposition for the happiness it spreads over all who come in contact with it, for it gives life to those who are near, just as the sun gives llfeto.the things it shines upon. Such a mind- - and nature is far more attractive than the prettiest face, and the consciousness of making others happy is sura to bring happiness to one's self. - Camelia. TRUTH. Truth, then, is not always agreeable? Indeed it is not. Truth, taking it as a whole, is not agreeable. Every man, woman and child dislikes it. There are agreeble truths and disagreeable truths, and it is .the province of discretion or sound judgment to make a selection from these, and not to employ them indiscriminately. Speaking the truth is not always a virtue. Concealing it is very often It is only when duty calls upon you to reveal the truth, that it is commend, able. A may be a truth.teller; but every one dislikes the character of a person who goes from no house to another, and all he sees or hears; we never stop to inquire whether he speaks the truth or not. He is perhaps all the worse for speaking the truth, for truth is particularly offensive in such cases, and never fails to set families at variance::JSi. lence is discretion, and concealment of facts is judicious. jud-ciou- tale-tell- inter-communicat- a. er es ANTIDOTE. TO POISON Peram swallows any poison whatever, or. hag fallen into convulsions from having overloaded the stomach,' an instantaneous remedy, most .'efficient audi applicable in a .large number.' of cases, is a heaping of common salt, and; as much ground mustard, stirred rapidly ;jn a tea. cupful of water, warm '.or cold, nnri bwaI. .l9weti instantly. Jtis'scarcely down beforo ji uegins 10 come up, pringlng with, it the Remaining contentsflf the stomach; and lest there be,any remnant" of the , poison' however smalUiet tho .white of an egg or a of strong coffee bo swallowed as soon as the stomach; is quiet because these very common articles nullify a largo number of virulent poisons. Medical "Brief. '. tea-spoonf- ul . tea-spoon- ful 