W0M1N?S EXPONENT ,128 NOTES AND NEWS. ; W TriE concert given in Academy; Hall at Povo by, tho students of tho B Y. Acado- - my Friday oyeninff ; PecL;20, 1878. was a grand successvoiWXicrU was excellent it is Jhar,d tor kestowjtiny. fecial .praise. He-i- V .Meeting great iredU .as it 4id on ttfo excell-'etraining. given in the Academy, . each' showed individual. talent. performance .still -- ; : r' Con-fereo- ce i 5 1 . nt selection in Flowers, Feathers, and Ribbons la the latest shades and stripes. Country dealers, please calL- - Ladles Hair work In all its branches. Good work fuaranteed. ,.; ;. . z. o. m:. i. The literary portion under iMlsa Teenio Smoot Was excellent. The- - costuming ar- Whelesale' and Retail Dealing in all kinds of , e , Williams could not ranged Jby.Mr?.'.Z.-in. Salt Iake.i One felt surpris-..- . ;be excelled. edand pleased at the, smooth. manner in whlc3ii ail Jhe.scenes and various songs, &c. . were presented. - There was mo hitch no MJar, and the opening and the closing prayer Kiven by one of the:;.students placed; the f whole eyening's entertainment rfarabove : : anything of; the kind ever given: here. One t feature, was quite nateworthy.The, direct- -' ; ion, of the whole musical part.fcy.Miss.jfiusa Youog proves.that i there is i another i place , ;wh9re i woman - acquits herself . quite as aflair imight be, i creditably ,as mam justly termed : tho best;' of the kind :cvor ! o given in Provo. 4 , Washington dispatches announco the to the Natiarrival there of onal "Womans Suffrage Convention, and the fact that Mrs. 13. 15. Wells and Mrs. Z. Y Williams have taken seats in, that body, first delegates ever .sent from j, Tesearejhe a woman's convention, and marks 7. an new; era; In the suffrage, L movement in our territory.-- If; nothing. else is accom-plish- ed warranted First Class, . iSBara for 25 Cents, , K;3 Bars for 20 Stents. Harris': Soap, ' StiellVs Soi, ; . . '7? Wafehbbajds, (Zinc)" -!; Biooiua, -.-- ; , :l?ULt. STOCK. OF'.XiUNS, JEi ,; 'f ,T.! ' jrt Cassimeres $1.00 to $1.25 per Yard. " i AX&O - ' : II YS ICI AIV 1 - -- celebrated lift akd force pumps. Pomps Repaired oo short notlee. ot)rders from the country promptly responded to. Address David James, Box My Salt Lake City. HUnQEON, VJVI NEW FALL STOCK. Sanpete County. Re&idehce-yEphrfam, :F. AUERBAOH & BROTHER, 55 East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. Special attention' given to Obetetrlca,' and diseases of . women. "I s . . . , : : Five hundred pieces of Dress Goods, Embroideries, Ruch- -. Ladies' logs, Five Hundred pairs Kid Ties, Cutf and Collars, 100 Cartoons of Itibbomu Largest Wholesale Millinery Stock In tbe West; Notions, Boots ana Shoes, Gents' and Boys' Clothinj and Fnriushiiur Goods. Etc. Etc. Lai rKmttiniHacMne Apiy. Tie ""f"""r"- , .K GJoves,-Trimming- r Socks and Knitting Factory for first class home-ma- on First South the at call aU of Factory kinds, Stockings corner. Orders Street, a few doors west of JenninCT filled from the country at wholesale or retail, promptly. GEO. A. LUKE A, Co., : , . , Proprietors. de ahito , . , o1--- - daily arriving: J! :" ";l..L '..r.r1 -Ladies are requested to call O- voi-untar- , ly states wnoso exi3ioue ce opveareuo na ve fprgottoninhis recent message touongress; .also that he, might lhd it f advisable i to di. rect the, attention : pf thb3e .who constitute that recent innovationthe hospitel for incurablesjcommonly called Congress, po-yiit- ical in n 13 iururo messages ' .y ' ' . ' Shawls, Dress Goods, Blankets, ' ; ' and examine the most complete assortment of Curls, Braids, Switches, Etc. at Ileduced Prices. All kinds of Hair Wcrk made np in the most Artistic style. 0 ash paid for Human Hair and Combings. JOSEPHINE GREGORY, : ' SI Kimball Block. Salt Lake City. , . FRENCH: HAIR STORE. t ng pro-Educi- 1 n4t-iiMia- r, s-e- - , 1 "ni ' writers are the commenting extensively cpo'a uproar of cities. Tliey say that nature has provided the eye "with a contrivance for protecting itself against unpleasant sights, and one. has only to hold his nose in com-a- ng in contact ?with anything disagreeble to the -- Noises.-77Newspa- per OmCB-- Up stiari In 6k , Constitution' Bulldinf , to Woman' door tho next Hxpsment Office. Residence six blocks east, of Pott Office, tenth side of street. a.,: ; diseases of Special f tudy has been given to Obatetr'cs, , Women and .t . - , i't - t- RIKS, f SiTCnELS AND VALISES ' S5 IFIRST .......... U ' i - j . ; life in - our . ". : Jolui TaiiorPres't.' ' J1 f ! m. Jennings, ;. , ; V " ' . r TW F U iR N I T U R E - : HPRTKH ItlKDR: WIRE MATTRESHES, AKD J ,'SIJPERINTENDEST. BEIXIL PSiXH HM.Hn,B..FERGDSOII, ' ; 1 s WHOLX8AIJE AND SOUTH STii SALT LAKE plTX. .. p. orjoxios-frTir- nr Vlco-Pres- 't. fannMcturers and Dealer in ' " 1 es SjRE Lake City. ''All those who desire to aid home maoufse itoes tnre, and at the same tlma purchase itoota of tbe most reliable quality, at the most Moderate Prices, should call or address orders to" - either Vpfi tixqis oft GENTiiEiiEN 1 ,..n t and Factory, at the 1lUNNERY,lith'Wai;Salesxm !M W East, Temple Street, Salt BOOT ''BIG, ' DISEABES of the, EYE AND EAR. . 1 - . - BOOTS, SHOES AND MATHER. . 1 Straw Manufectory. iiifiiliiiM , 1 ; ; olfa6tories.r Meau?hUe the ears stand open lite jopen" uoors j mat cannot ue snuu , ah sorts of rackets, from' the hells of tho'poddlers to the sharp .clanking of .the "cars' of the elevated railroad, rap M on the "eardruml It has heeni suggested that if' Euisoni or somebody, could invent some'kindpf a a, contrivan ce to bo worn over ihe ears that would and at? takeW all these discordant" sound-wav1 ' 1 1 . ' 49 M A I E T, Two doors south of Jenninffs' Corner, and respectfully nvftes tbe friends of Home Industry, and tbe Public generally, to call and examine, her stovk of Hats made from "the laTBirPaTiaairBtyle ftnd sbape. Ladies will alsbiflnd a variety of Imported Hats and Bonnets, with every, thing pertaining to a ' nrstclasj Millinery EstabJiehment-a- t moderate prices. and Panama, Lcffhorn and Straw Hats, Cleaned, Dyed .Altered. HYGIENIC NOTE. Nerves and; ; Saleroom toj- No. tne-coiorin- ytir ? - Wishing to acc"mmodat her patrons, the Ladies of Salt Lake City and Vicinity, has Removed her Show and The Lad lei of Utah are invited to visit our New' Art : Gallerr, the finest in the West, i We will show toe in specimens or cnir first premium por In all branch includ trait and Landscape Photographs : anv of 7.A np fitvt. it1aMmnta fmm om --i ing water cotoririnictyriairg by . jh. win which Is a sufficient guarantee of excellence. Ou r x prices are pnt atUviiratesi:iXp- . ; We spare no pains to produce satisfactory work, and . ; are determined to excel ha all we do. ' - f i p A full assortment of Day and Sunday School Prizes . kept in stock. Frames, Chromes and Pictures of all kinds )'-'.' i li.f.''- on hand. ' ; : CI B. SAVAG Send to .orders , , your ; U:.nt r ; T: t: ? Lake City, Utah. j 'J'.siii '"at- Home Industrial THE FINE ARTS. :' y'i ,''.. Ladies Coats, every variety y.Flanneli and " . . , i' Wl MTER GOODS s -- . :..;' , -- : -- , (Succettor to Mitchell & Jawes,) nmm Agent, Old Constitutfdn Building. ORS. ELLIS R. SHIPP, 1 i ; Tinnor, Gas," Water & Stoam Fitter JOBN C; CUTIiEIt; - - r. ZEItc. . the presence ojf thee Ijudlei in t he capacity, of delegates representing the wo. ... .men here. .and giving, expression to their yJ:; 'sentiments and;feelings is.- certain of a salutary i effect in the course of .time. We now have an. opportunity of , representing ourselves, and in. ail probability may make, a, better impression! before the:world than hayetthose; who haye undertaker to. represent our cause ' for jus; Among, the tot actstpf the Conyen-tlo- n ; was tho adoption of a resolution appointing a committee ,tq wait, on President Hayes, and recall to his mi nd tho fact f that tqere were 20,OOC,000 women in the XJnited D&Y GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, HEA VY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMNETS, do. 35 Cents each 35 Cents each . " : ; rr-TJt- - . Y our-delegate- Eas$ Temple Street Desires tbo ladies of Salt lake and those visltlnar to call at her show rooms and see her new stock latest and most stylish modes of ' Hats and Bonnets in Straw, Felt and Velvet. Also a nice Plushest-Velve- t , Opposto tho Salt Lake House, and will sell as Ch" eap or Cheaper than ever. ' JYo. 17 C. E. DYE STAPLE DRV GOODS, FANCY j "L - Toace of Fashion, FfOTlCE TO ALL! OBI JL IF. HasSremoved, Q?.3 with his entire New Stock of 