WOMAN'S EXPO NEN T. 252 (RELIBFSOCIETY CONFERENCE. ' " webeb stake of zion. Quarterly Conference was held Friday arid Saturday, May 9 and 10, In the Tabernacle In Ogden City. On the stand were Pros.f Jane S, Bichards, Counselor Ilattio C. Brown, and Secretary Amelia M. Frodsham, of the Stake Belief Society organization; local brethren, Apostle F. D. Bichards, Pres D. H. Peery, Coun., L. J, Herrick, some Bishops and Elder David M. Stuart; ladles from. Salt Lake City, Pres. E. B. Snow, Mrs. Phebo Woodruff, Mrs. S. M. Kimball, Mr,s. E. B. Wells; also several presidents of Belief Societies of Weber Stake. The Conference opened with sing- ncr nrwl .nrnvor oa fa nanal Proa J M Bichards arose and made a few remarks, alluded to the illness of the Secretary and offered an apology for her being seated while reading the minutes and the reports of the several branches. On nomination of Pres. E. B. Snow, Mrs. E. B. Wells was appointed Secretary pro tern. Minute3 of last Conference were read and accepted; statistical and financial reports from each ward in the city and the various towns In the county were also read, showing the good condition and prosperity of each of these branch societies, and commendatory of the slater's labors temporally and spiritually. After the business of the morning session had been concluded. Mrs. K. R Wells ad dressed the assembly: amoner other things casually mentioned, she alluded to the op. portunities afforded to women now, as compared with the past, the advantages to bo derived from the increased facilities onon to women's progression in the various avenues of life; rejoiced that women had tho privilege of speaking in public for each other's mutual benefit and enlightenment; also in tho privilege of the ballot which had been given to Mormon women, and the obligations and responsibilities attending the use of it, and that it was necessary women as a class become intelligent upon these subjects and understand their true position. Pres. D. H. Peery made a few remarks; urged tho people to come to the meetings to hear tho sisters talk; he had great faith In woman's ability to do good, believed in the powerful influence of tho mother, in her teachings to the little ones, knew from nmaflnnAA (hat Ima MtnnmknA1 n n A a sort of talisman through life. He upoke of tho great work accomplished by Sister Eliza B. Snow; said probably there were few men In this Church who had done as great a work. He entreated the brethren to assist the sisters in building a granary in Ogden to store the wheat in that the sisters bad gathered, and felt it was a misf.ikn in the brethren not saving more wheat, Ho had '.mom rnnflrtflnrA in 4hn tnlanrltir tC women than men, and of all men on tho earth he fealired the truth of what he eaid. for to, the good teaching of his mother and the', spiritual Influence of his wife he ascribed tho credit of being a man of God. .He talked of tho manufactories they were trying to establish to strengthen the people and help them to become - - co-operat- ive self-sustainin- g. Afternoon session: A much larger congregation assembled In the afternoon, and after U3ual exercises of singing and prayer, and the reading of a fow other omitted in the morning, Pros. E. B.reports Snow addressed the people. She expressed her gratitude to God for tho organization of Relief Societies; she had been connected with the first organization by the Prophet Joseph in Natmro mi iV4- - anV cf fm-2ottr- 1, remembered he said that it should become a great pqwer and have great influence, and it h'adxtended not only throughout Zion, but Into Great Britain. She realized that If the sisters honored their calMng as daugh-terso- f the Most High God, all would be fulfilled that had been promised. She said it was easy to profess to be a Saint, but not so easy to live up to every principle; this required firmness and integrity to principle. Her heart ached for some who had been obedient, but were now using all their influence to destroy; they could only be com-- , pared to blind people in the midst of light It was necessary for Saints to set their faces as flint against any indication of evil powders, or influences. The Saints are asleep, but Satan is on the alert, and he seeks to decoy the innocent. We should have no individual interests, wo should .realize we are the daughters of God bought with the blood of His Son; if we would reflect upon these things wo should do our duty with all our souls. Never shrink from a duty, bo it ever so trifling; this will refer to young and old; it will apply to me. There are many duties which require to be performed co operatively; we can do these things if we have the Spirit of God with us, the Holy Ghost, and does any one need better company? If we have this there is no danger of hatred or jealousies, it is long suffering, gentleness, patience, meekness, it will make us powerful helpmeets: some are, but are. all ? -- In the world. some monopolize to the injury of others, but wo want to come together, consult together and accomplish great purposes for the good of all. Miss Snow also made some remarks upon storing grain, building granaries, the manufacture of straw, the making of artificial flowers, and the home interests generally in Ogden, giving the sisters there, with Sister Jane S. Bichards as prime leader, great credit for their energy and perseverance in that direction. There were many other excellent sentiments advanced. Mrs. Frodsham said it was by the power of faith she had come to the meeting; she wanted to attend to hear the instructions and meet tho sisters from Salt Lako City, she hoped to be able to attend on the morrow; she felt the people were blessed. Mrs. S. M. Kimball related some inter, esting episodes of her life, told the story of teaching school In her own sitting room, and how at a certain time she said to her husband, If you and the little boys will go to to the canon and got some timber wo can build a schoolroom;" and how by a great deal of faith and exertion on her part and diligent labor by the husband and son it was accomplished. She had tho of honor, too, making the first move in Relief Society edifices, and told building her experience in getting it finished; since then they had put an addition to tho house and built a granary, a building we are said cost She with tin roof, $500. all surrounded by influences and circum' stances, and out of thein we each of lis work out our own individuality. Sho felt thero was a great future opening up before for which the the young women of elder sisters had laid tho foundation. Pre3. Jane S. Bichards made a few closing remarks, and showed somo home-madgingham, spun, colored and woven by a sister in Huntsville from cotton raised in the southern part of the Territory; also a piece of linen goods and linen thread, the flax having been grown in Huntsville, and manufactured there. Conference adjourned until Saturday morning, May 1Q.- 'Singing and benediction. SfaYtl.rayrnlng sVari: Thb offiVfers of fire-pro- of " to-da- y, o - B. S. Stake were upon the stand, Apostle P. D. Bichards and other brethren. After opening ceremonies, D. H. Graves, who travels almost constantly in the interest of sericultnre, made some remarks on that subject, and stated that last year France had exported sixteen of eggs. Ho was trying to open up a market abroad for silk raised here, which would bo genuine, much imported silk was mixed car-loa- ds silk-wor- m with cotton,and other materials. The reports of the Y. L. M. I. A. were then read by Mrs. Frodsham. Pres. E..B. Snow expressed her pleasure in hearing the reports; advised the young ladies to cultivate humility, discard pride and vanity, and fit themselves to be wise counselors to good men and mothers of no-- , ble children. Do not associate with men who will not honor God and his holy ordi. nances. It is important that marriages be should consummated in holy places, and then the covenants will be recorded in heaven and the family relations will be eternal. She then gave good advice in regard to the reading and studies of the young; said it Is good to treasure up some truth every day. Our minds can be employed when our hands are employed. We need not lumber the chambers of Jhe mind with rubbish. She reminded the young ladies of the great advantages they enjoyed; said the more good they could do the more their faculties would become developed. Politeness Is always comely; cultivate it in your everyday deportment. Seek unto God for wisdom. Apostle F. D. Bichards said ho felt interested in tho movementf and teachings of the sisters. We are all fond of variety in every department of life, but we should try to be content with that which was fpr pur best good. Our richest knowledge is the knowledge of Christ,- the Savior of the world. We ought to love and appreciate Sister Snow and those sisters who labor in this school of the Gospel; all ought to take an interest in this work for the young, Bishops as well as parents. It is good for a child to learn of the restoration of tho The HolyGhost is essential to the Children proper training of children. started out in the right direction will excellent and praiseworthy. Young ladies should pray that they might have righteous husbands and children of the royal line; such are the noble of the earth. In this age a righteous race is to be reared. Sister Snow has desired the knowledge of God and cultivated sacred principles, but in somo there is ho love of the truth. Meeting adjourned after singing and prayer. Afternoon session: Pres. Mrs, Bichards absent on account of illness. Apostle F. D. Bichards, Pres. Eliza B,. Snow, Pre3. Sarah M. Kimball and many others on tho stand. After singing and prayer, Pres. E. B. Snow addressed some remarks to tho children and called for the reports of the Primary Associations, which were read. Sho also asked the children some questions and gave some instructions. Questions and remarks by Sister S. M. Kimball. Children sang, "Our lovely Deseret" and 'We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet." Children's voices on this occasion were indeed sweet. Apostle Bichaids then offered a prayer for the children before their being dismissed, to which they all responded, Oospel. bo-co- Amen. Pres, J. S. Bichards then came on the stand, feeling better. Sister Maycock made some excellent remarks in regard to the children and the Primary Associations. Sister E. B. Sno w- said there are always . i iitffatfntBl expnsCs at'ttnraTng eVeYy cfrg'aTJ 