C3 W 0 M AN' S EX P O N E NT. Sisters S. M. Young Ladies' Association. Hey wood! and Marinda Hyde were present, and tli reorganization was completed as fol- io ws : Martha Smith, President. Louisa Irvine, ronnselors Agnes Balto, j Delia Eard ley, Secretary. Annie Weiler, Treasurer. After the business of organizing was finished, Sisters Hey wood and Hyde made some very interesting and appropriate remarks to too girls, urging them to be faithful to their duties and punctual to their meetings, and try and create a spirit of kindness towards each other. Their remarks were followed by several sisters belonging to the ward, they having a great desire for the welfare of the young, and will do all they can in assisting to make their meet-ing- s beneficial to them. . There are thirty-fou- r members belonging to the Relief Society in the Ward. The general attendance is very small, but those few are alive to their duties, and we wish unitedly to be with our dsters throughout the Church in building up the kingdom of God. co-worke- rs Ever wi'h jou in the Gospel, Mrs. Elizabeth Weiler, Pres't. Mrs. Zurviaii G, Eardley, Beefy.' The Young Ladies Mutual Improvement Association of the 8th Ward convened In the ward meeting house, Feb, 21, 1879. Mrs. M. A. Freeze, Preeident of Y. L. M. I. A. of this Stake of Zion, and her Counselors, were present. Meeting opened in the utual way. Mrs. .e Louie Felt made gome excellent remarks; spoke upon young girls choosing partners for life, andjaf sociating with those who are not of our faith; also spobe upon the principle of Celestial Marriage, and advised every one to be careful what they say about it. She said she v as sorry so many mothers neglected to answer their children when they atked questions. Mrs. Clara Young Conrad made a few remarks, and related how she received a testimony of this work. Miss Sarah Barney then sang a soDg. Mrs. Freeze eaid: "There is a calm and peaceful influence in our midst. I am pleased to see the punctuality you have in commencing your meeting, and also the order that is here. Store your minds with useful knowledge, and try to improve in everything.' She dwelt earnestly upon the principle of Celestial marriage and the joy there is in teeing cheerfulness. Advised every one to keep the Word of Wisdom. Remarks were mule by ssveral others, after which Pros. Mary Leaver ana Counselor Chamberlain made a few closing if remarks. .Benediction Mrs. Mary B. Leaver, Pres't. Miss S. A. Hawkins, Sec'y. Miss Lizzie Neediiasi, Ass't Sec'y. book? has done more during yeais in our country to poison the minds of young people, lower the standard of high moral rectitude, and shut the heart against the Spirit and word of God, than almost any other evil. Go to the convict's cell and ask what kind of books he has read; he will tell you, in nine cases out of ten, if he has read any, that they were bad books' tales of crime portrayed in glowing colors, which roused the evil passions and unholy desires that might have lain dormant in the heart. Show me the youth that pores over tales of fiction, and I will sho you a fictitious character. Better not to read at all than to read bad books. It is just as essential that books and reading matter should be care-full- y chosen as the company, we keep. I entreat you, especially young people, to shun all books that advocate false systems of religion. Let the Bible be your daily companion, and make yourself familiar with hucu books as have been written by the best of men. And choose biographies of the best men who have lived in this or other ages, and follow them as far as they have followed Christ. By reading light literature it destroys rather than improves the mind; it does not awaken the reflective organs, or give rise to elevating thought. Yet this trash finds ready sale iu our cities, while the more solid works and good books are neglected Our talents are not given us for our own special use, but for each to benefit the other. Then store your minds with use- ful knowledge that will be beneficial to society. There is more glory iu mounting the hill of science through oar own perseverance, than if we had thousands of help. Knowledge is boundless, and if wetudy a lifetime with the greatest zeal we could not say "I have learned all and am perfect." How often has the world been benefitted by the ideas of one pereon For instance, the inventive man, by the aid of Jabor and close application to study, wins for himself a name that will ever be respected. Observe these thiDgs, and every experience will be to us means of advancement. In the busings of lite there Is satisfaction in conquering difficulties. I am so much interested for the pie, I am desirous of warning them against the coming of thoee who are trying to deceive them and "lead them from the truth. . East Bountiful, Feb. BOOKS. . The world id full of books, journals and newspapers, and they are not all good. A bad book must in the naturo of things bo written by a bad man or' woman, since a good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit: hence the time you spend in rea iiug bad books so much time spent in company witU a bad character. There is a powerful influence for evil in reading, and it is not eo perceptible at the time, because of its silent power. Your life and conduct will reflect the company you keep and the books you read; you cannot come In contact with filth without some of it sticking to you. It Is not the quantity of leading, but the quality that should h3 considered. The reading of bad 1 -- 7, 1879. "God knoweth beet." Died, in Snowvilfe, Box Elder Co , Sister Mary B, Potter. She was baptized in Leicester, EDglandin 1843; emigrated to Utah in 1863; was married to Richard Potter, Dec 1, 18GC, and departed this life July 28, aged 73 years, 3 months, and 20 days. She lived and died a faithful Latter-daSaint y Sad Death. In Harrisburg, Washington Co., April 4, Samuel Russel, infant son of Re-viand Mary D. Fuller, was drowned in their own well on the corner of their lot. When they found him thy thought perhaps he might be resuscitated, but all their exertions proved unavailing. Tbe child's age was one year and ten months. Wj sympathize with, the bereaved parents; only God can comfort those bo sorely !o bereft. Died in Virgin City, Kane County, Utah, in child birth, Betsy Christena Jenson, born at Fuister, Denmark, January 13th, 1814.- - Emigrated to Utah in 1854. She was married to Charles Burke In 1859, and was the mother of nine children, died March 18th, 1879. Her 2ms. band was called to Dixie in the year 1861, and they have lived there ever since. She was a faithful member of the Relief Society frdm its organization, and was ever ready and willing to impart to those who needed asaittance. She was an honored and loving wife, a kind and gentle mother, and always gave good counsel to her family and friends, who now deeply feel her ;loss. Although they feel an assurance that their loss is her gain. We feel a deep sympathy for the bereaved husband and motherless children, and her aged mother and who have been called to part with an affectionate daugh tor. Her funeral was large for email settlement; thirteen vehicles formed the procession that followed her remains to the grave. Oar whole community mourn her loss, we feel to say she filled a mission of usefulness, and has gone to receive her reward with the faithful in Christ Jesus. E. Parker and E. D. Gardner. step-fath- er IN MEMORIAM. It is withwlings oL the demise of one of pur beloved ilste rg, Isabella Catherine Maxwell, daughter of Ralph and Isabella Maxwell of Peoa, Summit Co. Deceased was born Jan. 4, 1804; she departed this life Feb. 11, 1879, aged fifteen years, one month and seven days. After great and continued suffering she at last quietly fell aalaep. She has left loving and affectionate parents and friends to mourn her loss, and while we sympathize with the bereaved family and feel the loss of our dear sister, we can look forward to the day when the faithful dead shall bear the angel's trump, and rise to shine as (he sun forever. We do not mourn as those without hope. No, my sisters. Let us prepare ourselves while here on earth to dwell with our Father in heaven. Our dear sister whese death we record was a member of the Y. L. M.T. in Peoa; she was ever anxious to do good, and she was loved and respected by i As-sociatiati- all who know her Com. HOTEL RATES, ST. LOUIS. LETTER FROM MRS. MINOR. Died, of diphtheria, Feb.8, In Bellevue, Kane County, Jeremiah Johnson, aged four years and ten months. We deeply sympathize with Brother and Sister Johnson In the death of this little boy, and can only say to them, as we were compelled to acknowledge in our own sore TFor the Exponent. THE DANGER IN READING BAD Mary Jane Crosby. OBITUARIES. -- . the last, fifteen 227 Dear Mrs. G Aa e: The Indianapolis & St. Louis R. R. i ay from stations on their linos will give return tickets to those attending Ihe N. S. Convention, if applied for at Office in St. Louis. . Illinois & St. Louis R. R. give return tickets. Chicago, Alton & St. Louis return to Alton only. Others not heard from. 'Missouri roads refuse because the Legislature fixed their rates." As we are "not represented in the Legislature it is perfectly proper that we should be punUhed for its actions. Hotel Barnum, on the European plan, d comer Cth and Washington avenue, 3 squares from the Hall, will reduce rates 'for members of the Con. This Hotel Is Just opened, everything, new, and the Barnum have had for thlrtjr years the reputation of keeping the best table In the city, so that whoever is so fortunate as to be their guest will be sure to be well taken care of. The Lacllde Hotel takes the delegates to the Homoeopathic Convention for $2 per day, meals and all, and would doubtless take oar delegates at the tame price, but It is farther from the Hall. Both of these are fine and reasonable houses. N. C. & B. F. situ-ate- On 