. EXPONENT. THE WOJIAfTS " ..." 11 - - ." y B WEU8, EMMEJJtfE - ,. ' - - 'II: '1 ' .. - ..Ji . i . , Editor. ii j . In 54 H Lake GUy, Utah. . Published Term; J3nacopy.flna.yearf 13.00; oaciopy sibrffiontfcsy"" 1 .00. Ten copies for the . price of nine! , AdTertlsWg' rates: Each square, Un lines of nonpajxU ipace,' one ' time, $3.00; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to rejuUr sdyertUcrs. ... Exponent OflJce, Lower West Room of the Council hours House. South Temple Sticet. ' Business from 10 a.m. to & p.m. etery day except Sunday. Address ell business communications to . Publisher WomuTs ExFmnrar, semi-monthl- y. hut-ban- - Salt Lake aty. UUh. SALT LAKE CITY, OCT. DO WOMEN 1, 1S79. EARN MONEY? From the way women are referred to, generally speaking, one would think they were not entitled to anything, except what; they obtained by favor. Recently a gentleman "Oh, yes, I know that women are giving a great deal of means for this and that in their organizations, but where does it all come from? Out of the husband's pocket." Just as much as to say woman, the wife, the mother, has no right to anything. It all belong to him, her lord, her master. It is time; the tables were turned and the other side of the picture shown. "One story is good until another Is told" is a home'y proverb, but nevertheless it Is a true one. It is time that women themselves estimate the value of their own work, at any rate appreciate the worth of their own lives; How many wives toll from early morn until late at night, and even into the "wee sma' hours," and it is scares recognized? Perhaps, were the husband interrogated, be might say, "Oh, she is a prudent, good woman, the obeys me, she keer s her place," and so on, but how few comparatively will say, Yes, she has worked as faithfully as I have to accumulate this property, to make the home, to educate the children. And yet, in how many instances this is really the case. We remember distinctly, when quite a little girl, of bearing a clergyman say, "My wife never earned a cent in all her life," and we know, too, that this good, faithful wife was a complete slave; that she did more actual work than half a dozen co'.lege-bregentlemen like himself, and bad more brains. Do any' cf you readers know what is expected of the wife of a e'ergyman In a country village, or small town? Do you know what it is to be the wife of a Bishop? There is a strong similarity. Thi excellent woman did her own household work, kept his clerical broadcloth in repair, waited upon him as if she wa his servant instead of bis wife, and was complained of when she was not dressed to receive company, bscause, forsooth, lie bad his rermons to write, an J it took him four days in a week; and when he was lu his study and his wife had her housewotk, mtnd-in- g, g making, knitting, acd all to to call would he her every few miru'e to do, hear thto, or that, he had written, cr. Suggest ide-or look up Latin and Grek be had But upon no account cou d e t o disturbed when Lewa in his s'udy, fur their bread and butter depended upon it. And to lu? preached the very sermons her fertile brain helped bim to write, and dressed with scrupulous nicety, and walked 'iu Lis garJen when his bead aihtd; but she bent over the baby's crib, or the hot cooking stove, tbed, weaiy, and often sick at heart, while the Reverend aitled ctf the honaTP, and the ycung ladies ob-serve- 11 d baby-tendin- s, fcr-gott- in. 1 and the old maids admired his genius and won dered at bis plain, domestic wifo, and thought she did not half appreciate bim. f And so it is this man whos wife was a treasure In every way, finely educated, the daugh- ter of a clergyman herself, was shut up in the house from year to year, planning, scheming, toiling, heart and mind in a constant strain, to know how to economize, and live genteelly, and feed, clothe and educate the children, on had the the very small salary her honor of earning; but "she," poor thing, "never earned a cent." There are many such records as this all around; there is no need to go back for them. We do not allude to the class of women who are a dead weight in the community, who live only for pleasure, and are always complaining of "ennui," but to wives and mothers who toil from morn till eye, rearing families, and are so much occupied with work that they have scarcely time to call upon a friend, or answer a letter. Do they earn any monev? Has their time and labor any real money value? We insist that it has; moreover, that the husband who says whatever she uses is his, does her an injustice, to say the least. Does he ask his wife when he wants to make a trade, or a purchase, or treat a friecd, or bestow charity, or give bis. note, or put his name to a note for a friend; and yet the last two concern the welfare of bis. family, it may be very materially. No, of course be don't tell hi wife; it is not her business, she wouldn't understand it if he did, and it would be a source of annoyance. The money is bis, the property he has earned, so he thinks and sometimes says, and he gives her what she needs, so far as be can afford. Out of these very simple things great evils have grown, women wbo had not, the moral courage to ask for what they wanted, and we must confess it takes a great ideal, but wbo have sufficient sense to realize they have some rights, that they cannot and dare not contend for, have often been led to deceive, to do.tbings "on the sly," as it is termed, ard justify them selves In doing so, feeling that they have a perfect right to do it; bnt this is not all what effect does a course of this kind, a lifetime of deceit, have upon the children? We tpeak advisedly when we say there have-- been in. stances pfhis sort, and they are not rare. Every person who knows anything of the laws of human nature, must be aware that such a course would be disastrous to the btst interests of a family, and that there could he no real, true harmony In the domtstic circle where there was deception, fear and want of confidence. Where does the blame fall? Probably in nine cases out of ten it would be attributed to the wife. This is a subject that much mUht be said upon. The wife who performs her home-dutie-s faithfully has no time to earn money outside ber borne while she is reating her children, but she earns money at home. Certainly wo men earn money. If a person comes into the house to do the work, that peinon must be paid in money, or i's equivalent. Yet men without a blush, "My wife never will And' if the happens to beearned a cent stow anything formality's sweet eaka,"itis not hers; it came out of her husband's pocket. We are thankful there are noble men, who do not entertain these narrow vie w; and as women become conversant with buine8 matters, step out of the kitchen now and then, together in a way calculated to elevate and benefit each other, Uudy4he test methods of life, health and vigor of body and mind, do their own thinking, seeking to became good motters and rear children who wil be an. , discu sid by intelligent women advantageously. One of the lessons taught in an association of women should be to use money wistly and make better investments than the extravagant adornments Of their own persons. There are women, who, with the resources they have, could help much In enterprises that are for the general good, and thus materially benefit so? d " , honor to their parents, having sound bodies and vigorous intellects, these evils which exist to day may in a great measure be eradicated. Another and better day will dawn upon woman, and we Jbelleye even In the "magical matter of money." The position cf women wi h relation to money is one which; might te ciety; but when it Is expended in tawdry, or expensive Jewelry, elaborate costumes, and luxuries which" only undermine the health, it is a curse instead of a blessing. The economizing and saving money from useless ex-- p nses and superfluous waste, is one of the relative duties of woman to the household. The enormous risks and lavish outlays of but!-ns men leave this care devolving upon women, if they have any forethought, or desire to be a true beipmeet. One thing we always notice, that those who are most splendidly dressed, seldom have anything to give; their pockets are empty and their hearts are destitute of generosity or benevolence. Women who dress simplest and work hardest, as a ru'e are the ones who are most useful and most generous In every public need or enterprise. It is necessary, in order that woman may fulfill the sacred mission given her in this Churchy that she should be highly endowed with opportunities for culture, and that she should comprehend her own needs, her true value; that she make no reckless expenditure of time, or of bodily or mental power, nerve, or brain force, in order to ensure an enlightened motherhood, and that she may walk side by side with mn, her brother, as a of divine bleesiqgs and influence, without any "cruel limit" to her sphere of usefulness, or education, mental or spiritual, for "the man is not without the woman nor the womsa without the man in the Lord." But to conc ude; if men will transact the business and fill the pests of honor and importance, earning the money, women shouhj be able to judiciously save, and saving is equivalent to earning. How much would a man have to pay out, for having his socks darned, and his linen kept in order during his lifetime, leaving out all other e. - co-recipi- ent Uem-- ? HOME AFFAIRS. Ox Sunday S'stera M. I. Home and E. S. Taylor visited Sandy Station and organized a Primary Association, Mrs. Margaret Mag inula President. . . s-- y associate On Friday and Saturday, Sept. 19 and 20, Sisters Eliza R. Snow and Elizabeth Howard attended the Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies Young Ladies' M. I. A. and Primary Atsoelations of Weber Stske of ZIon, Mrs. Hattie Brown presiding. On Thursday, Sep 1 18, Miss E. R Snxrw visited Kaysville, held two meetings and orr ganizsd the children of each district into a Primary Association.. Mrs. Jane Blcod was appointed President of the first district, snd t. Mrs. Mary Ann Macpherson of the second dls-tric- - I Home, attended Pbebe Woodiufl the Annual meetlrjg qf tfcv Relief So:.'ey of Wednesday, $ErT. S. M. Hey wood and 24, Sisters M. 