W OMAN' S EXBON ENT. 240 ' a better attendance R. S. REPORTS. South Bountiful, April Editor Exponent: " 24, 1 869. At South Bountiful Ward, Aug. 17, 1877, a Young Ladles' M-- I. A. was organized. Thero were present Mrs. Sarah Holmes, President Relief Society Davis Stake, and Mary S. Clarke, Counselor, Nancy A. Clarke, President of the Y. L. M.I. A. of Davis Stake, and also Bishop Wm. Brown and Joseph Hoyan, Counselor Brolter, Wm. Atkinson Officers of Y. L. 31. I. A. elected: Luclnda Brown, President." Sarah Hogan, y Counselor, V.SS.y3?B' j Evelyn Benson, J After the organization was completed some of the sisters and brethren spoke, encouraging the young ladies, to bo faithful and united and sustain each other. The Association now numbers flftyseven memWo bers, average attendance thirty-fivmeet and a good spirit pree. semi-monthl- y, vails. Sister Brown resigned her position on account of moving away, and on the 4th of April the Society vas re organized as follows: Eliza S. Nelsen, President, Sarah A. Hogan, Phebe Hales, Evelyn Benson, Mel Vina Moss, Average attendance. .'. manifest a desire to press onward-ithe we" are engaged in. We feel work that to our beloved sisters Jor thankful truly their visit and good instructions j would be pleased to see them oftener. Wo appreciate their good counsel and feel to say God bless them in their labors. Our officers are as Panguitcii, Editor Exponent: P. Moss, Sec'y. 1879. unsors, Serai-Annu- al Annie Hatch, f Secretaries Agnes Durant, Treasurer. Quito a number of Teachers and the names of fifty-twmembers enrolled; thirty average attendance. Our meeting house, that has been in contemplation go long, is now completed with the exception of seats, paid Society house) tho sum of $62 58. Disbursed to Manli Temple . $26 75 . Missionary...... Needy........ .................... At a recent meeting of - our o sustain the sentiments of our bisters in Salt Lake and other, places with regard to the movemont of our enemies. anti-polygam- MRS. STANTON AND WOMEN. We Were organized into a Relief Society Oct. 3, 1870, by Bishop Petty and Elder J. C. Snow. The following officers were elected unanimously: Jane C. Snow, President, Susan A. Barton, ) ounseIr- Emeline M. Johnston, , Hannah M. Henrid, Secretary, Almira Bunce, Treasurer. Two Teachers and six members enrolled. Since then our numbers have gradually increased, and we hope, ana trust- that we may ever be alive to our duties and responsibilities that rest upon us in common with our sisters in such a great and glorious - cause. Yours very respectfully, M. Henrie, Franklin, Sec'y. Feb. 10, 1879. Editor Exponent: We do not wish to bo forgotten, and therefore will endeavor to give a short sketch or our progression Although wo are backward in reporting ourselves we are in a thriving condition. Wo wero reorganized last May by Sister Eliza R. Snow and E. Davis. I think it aroused the sisters and caused them to realize more fully their position In the kingdom of God, for wo havo 1 1 80 03 14 02 191 47 lbs. of wheat on hand at present. With our estimable President at our head we are trying to do our duty and keep up with tho spirit of the times.; Wo are always glad to receive your valuable paper, and fully endorse the remarks of the sisters 'contained in its pages. I remain Your sister in the Gospel, Susie Parnell, Miners ville, Beaver Editor Exponent: April Sec'y. Co., 1, 187 9., Brief report of the annual meeting of Minersville Relief Society, held in tho Meeting House Jan. 2, 1879. Wo wore honored by the presonco of Bishop James McKnitfht and his two counselors William Wood and Joseph Banks, Sen.; many more-o- f the brethren attended. After singing and prayer, our President made some encouraging remarks and stated the object of the meeting. The Bishop .and his counselors instructed the sisters in the various duties pertaining, to Relief Societies, which were very interesting. , The Financial report of the past year was read and accepted. Account of same: -- Donations from members .$102 90 For Temple- 2 00 - Total ioi . disbursements. To the needy, To build Granary.:... ,..-$1- 02 us Meet ings .. . . f. .V. .... .V. . .7. ... 9G qo 1 0 .' 30 Mrs. Stanton enquires, "Did you see in Lucy's paper of the 29th a correspondent makes some strictures on tho Mormon women on our platform, which Lucy does not defend as she should? If George . Cannon can sit in the Congress of the United States without compromising that body on the question of Polygamy, I should think Mormon women might sit off our platform without making us responsible for their religious faith. If, as the husband of four wives, he can be tolerated in the Councils of the nation and treated with respect, surely the wives of only the fourth part of man should be four times as worthy of ten. der consideration. When, the women of a whole Territory are threatened with disfranchisement where should they go to make their complaint but to the platform of the National Suffrage Association? If you havo not already rebuked the Woman's do say this much." .... Journal, ' We havo not rebuked the "Woman's Journal" for this and many other evidences-o- f the 3lave spirit, because we have only pity for those women who turn and rend their sister women working differently from themselves. We so well know the sharp wrongs. women have'endured, crushing In many instances all their that we do not like to rebuke theinj and especially those who are our For all slavish women a large amount of pity mingles with our contempt. When We assumed the editorship of the "Ballot box," adding to it tbename of "National Citizen," as peculiarly significant of the demands of the National Woman Suffrage Association that the. fight of suffrage should be secured by National law to all citizens of the United Staies, thus taking the power oyer the ballot out of the hands of Stales, we issued a prospectus in accordance with our purpose. . In accordance with this announcement we have striven to act. There Is not a woman In the vilest slums and streets of New York to whose protest against wrong the National Association will not give heed and the "National Citizen" espouse their cause. t, fellow-laoorer- s. 9G ... ..47 MORMON self-respec- Wheat donated the past year... 27bu.,"27lb. Amount of wheat stored 101 bu. statistical report." Members........ , .....,..,. Teachers y Myra Henrie, Pres't. Mary B. Heywood, Sec'y. Disbursements: Relief House........ R. S. our unanimously, that wo heartily endorse and .....$333 03 48 qq 9 95 -- storing grain, and raising our children, which if wo regard will prove a great bene, fit to lis. We hold our meetings semi, monthly. We send our annual report end-in- To needy... '17 President said, although we were a littje behind the times she would like to have an expression of the sister's feelings in regard to polygamy and the opposition that is manifested against it. It was carried which will be finished soon. It wa3 dedicated Dec. 12, 1878. We had a supper and ball given the evening before on the occasion. Pres. Mosea Thatcher and Counselor Hammond, accompanied by Bro. Ormsby, were present We had a time of feasting and rejoicing, in our prosperity not forget, ting the poor. The brethren gave much good instruction in regard to tho poor, Editor Exponent: March .1 2, 1S79. In behalf of the Pan gu itch Ward Relief Society, we send you the following report: Thero has been donated since enr last Conference (aside from anything to our Belief 1 Logan Temple..,.;......... Total amount on hand We have 100 bu. and 44 G Susan Roberts, SejcV Elizabeth Fox, President, '.. " Polly Ann Zabrimkie, Pres't. follows: Sophia Meecham, 1 f Mary Hawks, Susie Parnell, 19 . Woman's Exponent Your sisters in the Gospel, T June 18, 1878. Total receipts.......... Counselors, Petty ville, April 21, Hannah nd all u g Helen M. Ellis, Martha Arnold. Sarah P. Moss, Secretaries. Alico E. Nobles Olive Jonaon, Treasurer. Wishing success to the Exponent, wo remain, Your sisters in the Gospel, Eliza S. Nelsen, Pres't. Sarah at meeting, . 