WO MAN'S EX P ONE NT. -- bending to the Irishman and consenting to the degradation and oppression of the black their brothers, husbands and fathers, are left to pay taxes without a voice to consent or refuse, left to the grinding selfishness of capitalists, the sport or the caprico or whim man. Then Democracy lost its prestige. Then the .Republican party, founded on the ruins the Whig, party, stepped forward to power, and the Republican party won success by emancipating the black man, by becoming his friend, by giving him the ballot, and this party, so long as it is true to its professions, will 'have the vote of and the affection and sympathy of the negro to whom it gave liberty and the ballot. Bat it was all selfishness. The Republican partydid not love the negro. It was his aid they were after, his ballot, his vote and aid to give them victory and power. Emancipation was not adopted as long as it could be safely put off. Her description of the great change uhichhad taken place in the condition of the colored race, and how much colored voters are respected and loved by politicians since they have the ballot power in their hands, was vivid. She added that the wool of a negro Is just as curly, the Hp Just as thick, and the heel Just as long as it ever wa Yet these politicians see more boautv and symmetry in them somehow and how would it be with the women voters? Why these candidates for political honors; would no doubt, just before elections, imagine tney saw the wings just cropping out on theml Applause. The old' masters of the negro now often address them thus: "Fei: I thank you for the honor conferred on me," etc. With what terms of deference and endearment they will address tho female voters in the future Is left for that happy millennium toevelop. Ap- of parties and legislatures who make laws that control or oppress them and for whose complaints and petitions they have no time or inclination to listen. Women have no votes. They can therefore make no impression upon parties. Are women working 15 hours for a day's work in a factory? They will aak in vain for a 10 or 8 hours law for themselves. They have no vote to compel of low-citize- ns, plause. She argued to show how necessary it is the laboring men in this country to combine together to command tho respect of and politicians capitalists. By this means cau labor maintain its dignity and And how essential for Women to participate in this power and means ot and preservation. Miss Anthony referred to tho number of women supporting themselves in this coun. try: 300,000 engaged In farm work, half a million in domestic service, women at work in factories and other employments, some two millions outside of home life. For these women she asked the ballot, to pro tect them in their wages. The women are ready to join any political party that comes to the front In behalfof woman Workmen who have the ballot mustsuffrage. be con. suited. Miss Anthony resurrected dead and gone conventions, sketched the California mining strike and the Ohio . railroad strike to show the power tho ballot gives the laboring man. She gavo tho instance of Gov. Hicks, of California, who aided the capitalists to employ Chinamen In tho mines. He was defeated when next ho ran and another Governor elected. On the other hand Gov. Hayes waited for official notice of mobs of laborers and working menuntil the row was over arid lo!' he is President Shrewd party men and managers grant tho position of working men, or make believe they do. The Grangers had revolutionized western railroad system, reduced the the fare, and benefitted themselves. "Theyhad ballots and used them to help themselvee. ihe ignarant Irishman, the uneducated the benighted and almost bar. feigner, have each been enfranchised. negro parous AJjey have been enabled to protect them- sV?Lby lh0 ll0S bUt WQmeD' the mth- cttUn, Vu ' th? Si8ierS 0f our aaUve-bor- n cultured, educated, the peer of for : self-respe- ct. self-protect- ion the party to aid them. She quoted a strike of women in a Tro, N. Y., collar factory, who, after holding out for six months, were at last obliged to go to work at les3 wages than they had when theyTstopped work, clearly demonstrating that the lack of the ballot had caused this great injury. J usttce demands that woman should have the right to say if her property be taxed or not. 237 naother will I bow.". He was immediately led out to execution, and the same demand "My brother bowed not" he answered "and ho more will I." "Wherefore not ?" asked the tyrant. "Because" renlied the lad."the second commandment of the Decalogue tells us, thou shalt have no other God but me." His death followed " immediately his brave words. ' ; "My religion teaches mo Thou shalt worship ho other God"(Ex, xxxiy: 14) said the third son, "and I welcome the fate accord- ed to my brothers rather than bow to thee or thy images." : '. The same homage was demanded of. the fourth son, but brave and faithful as? his brothers, he replied, "He that sacriflceth unto i any God save unto the Lord only. (Ex. xxii: 20) and was slain pitilessly. "Hear . v .wv. u" uu f iuyr .uviu. One !" exclaimed the fifth lad, yielding up his young life with tjie watch-wor- d of . : Israel'n hosts. r "Why art thou so obstinate" was asked Vi r of the sixth hrnth vw fir; TV lion uw 447 lVVf trfaa before the tyrant and scorned the brought propositions made him. "The Lord thy God is in the midst of thee, a mighty and a terrible God" (Deut. vii: 21) he said; and died for the principles ho. proclaimed Then the seventh and youngest boy was brought before tho murderer of his rela. tives, who addressed him kindly, saying, 'my son, come bow before my gods." And the child answered. "God forbid I Our holy religion teaches us 'Know therefore this day, and reflect in thy heart that the Lord . 1. tin f a Onrl in tVtn Vimmn nuuvu.auu vvrv., .u tuo ucavcua on IUO earth beneath, there is none else' (Deut iv: 39.) Never will we exchange our God for any other, neither will ho oxchange us for any other nation, for as It is written, Thou iuis uay acknowledged tho and the Lord hath acknowledged theeLord, this day ' that thou art a peculiar people!" , Still the tyrant spoke smoothly and with A Woman wants bread not the ballot, but give her the ballot and she will vote her. self an opportunity to get her bread. Give her the ballot and she will then hold her share of public offices. Then some delicate woman will sit at the office desk wjiile the yawning six footer will go out to labor as ho should at some work to dovelop his manhood and strength. Women then will sell papers of pins arid yards ot tape and the tin. whistles. Women will keep the books. Women will then ship, will carry on tho business. Wl ve$ of lahoring men and mechanics will then half the money that the husband earnsjwn And not only will they do this, but when women vote then whiskey will close its reign, then will righteous laws be passed, vice and crime bo largely eliminated, taxes reduced, honesty and economy obtain in public affairs and justico be administered to all. Hiss Anthony gave some facts proving that woman's work startling for temperance, without tho ballot, had in reality been productive of injury to the cause of temperance and had thrown increased :ff kind words. power in the hands of the liquor dealers. "Thou art' young" he said; "thou hast Bhe showed woman working without the seen but little of the pleasures of this life ballot had thus killed the Prohibitory law not as much as has fallen to the portion of in Massachusetts, Local Option in Indiana, drawn insults upon the 18,000 women of , thy brethren. Do as I wish thee and thy future shall be bright and Chicago who had opposed Sunday liquor happy," "The Lord will for ever and ever " reign and in Minnesota had created a forselling, said the nation ; lad; "thy and thy kingdom midable society of the liquor men, who In wilLbe thou art here one year expended a million of dollars to destroyed; toin morrow the defeat woman's work. grave; elevated tomorrow lowly; but tho Most She took n vote of the audience as to woHigh One en-- " res du for ever." man's need of the ballot for the protection ee n continued the other, "thy brothers of her wages, and In order to do effective slain before Hey thee; their fate will bo temperance woik, receiving In thitie thou if to do as I desire refuseth hearty "aye." seo I will cast my ring to the stoop' thou and pick it up: that I ground, will consider CORRESPONDENCE. allegiance to my gods-- " V: T fnmm 4.1. 'Thinkfist 11 '. thnn ihat w r nntftn-iflArjcm my inreats!" returned tho St. Charles, Idaho, April 15, 1879. iri. -- wuy snouia I fear a human being more than the Editor Exponent: great God the King of kings?" . In reading Elder Woodruff' Epistle to "Where and what is thy God?" asked the saints, I was very much pleased with the oppressor; "Is there a God In the spirit that It breathed." i "Do let b a world a creltor?" the consequence follow" brought right i?J,hlre forcibly youth. "Of to my mind the narrative of tho 'tis said Jewish they-hav- e mouths but speLf hot: Mother and her sons, as stated in the Tal'of tho y9 By th mud, of which the following is an extract Lord were the heavens made.' word !Th "During the terrible times which followed but yes the fall of tho Holy City, Hannah and her fheysee not; but the Lord run to and fro in the the eyefor seven sons were cast Into prison. Thy gods have ears, but they d0? but According to their ages they were brought Of our God before the tyrant conqueror, and commandwritten; The Lrd I and heard; of thyod ;ened ed to pay homage to him and his godsGod forbid" exclaimed the eldest SmIdTLbUt meU no; whil0 our God I ladrthat should bw to thy image. Dar savor; hands have thy command, but gods touch they ments say to us, I am tho Lord not; while our God thy God' to says, My hand hatk also founded th(i x- -, Vf -- 1 . m to-day- ,1 to-da- y ' FJ. . i . .r m S -- ; , ' 