WOM AN ' S E X P O 216 1. a BEPOIITS. Kanab, Jan. 20, 1879. Tho Annual meeting of the Relief of Kanab was held in the Schoolhouse, Bunting presiding. Aftei tho usual exercises and reading of minutes tho Financial report ara3 read as follows: Receipts............. ....... $ 30 00 Profit on work Total Disbursements. To tho poor,,.......:. To Manti Temple. 4G 20 12G 20 .. 2 35 ...... For stationary Total disbursements In tho Treasury: 28 50 50 3135 35 68 22 07 5 00 31 GO Merchandise... Sundries Cash Wheat, 21 bu and five ounc3 of eggs; we intend to do what we can to start sericulture hero. Wishing our valuable paper success in every sense of tho word, Your .sister in the Gospel, M. E. Little, Sec'y. Report of Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association from first organization up to Dec. 10, 1878. The Y. L. M. I. A. of Brigham City was organized July 30, 1875, by Miss E. R. Snow. Number of members, 235. We generally had a good attendance, and a lively interest was manifested in the various exercises. March 13, 1878, a special meeting was called by Miss E. II. Snow, when it was csnsidered policy to dissolve and association in each of the ize, having an four wards of- Brigham City, and effecting, at the same time, a Stake Organization. There are eleven organizations, nine of which reported at the Conference, showing a membership of 420, and giving the fol. lowing financial report of the Stake: re-orga- Donations 01 05 Total Mrs. iizabeth II D. Solomon resigned her office as .Treasurer, on account of movFarns-wort- h ing to Arizona, and Mrs. Lovina A. was appointed Treasurer, and Mrs. ahin A nilnhant AsRlsitant RfrrptATV President Bunting spoke upon the necos- sity oi uuiy anu ooeuience anu oi nsiemug to the still small voice, and said the plan of life an J salvation is well defined. Sisters, let us wal k therein! Pres. Elizabeth Nuttall exhorted the s to duty, and they woiild have faith ,'iven them to rebuke sickness in the name of Jesus. Coun. Lucy A. Johnson spoke upon secret prayer. Bishop,W. D. Johnson, Jun., said wo were placed here to beautify the earth and to do good. No blessing is oblained without la. bor. The sisters, through their iaith fulness, can do a vast amount of god. Let them seek for the Spirit of the Lord, and they will have faith to obtain any blessing they need. There had been fifty cases of fever in Kanab, and only one death; the Lord had blessed the people through the administration of tho Elders. Let us be very thankful for these blessings, and give God the glory. After singing and prayer meeting adjourned. The sisters of Kanab havo just commenced to store up grain. We have lumber to mafco a temporary granary, and hope the . , . coming season to do much' more. We appreciate the privilege of living where we havo no contaminating Influences to contend with. We fully endorse the sentiments and resolutions of- - our sisters North, which vo havo seen published. We are determined to defend our rights and unhold tho aDrincinlea of our holvv religion. including Plural Marriage, ft I -- ; Kanab, Match fc 18, 1879. The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies of Kanab Stake of Zion wajs held in tho Kanab Schoolhouse, March 7, 1879, Mrs. E. Nuttall presiding. The presidents of(be different wards were present, and each gavo a good report. Various subjects were spoken ot by the sisters, and wo had a very good meeting; the Spirit of the Lord was in our midst. By the counsel of Pres. L. J. Nuttall, Sister Mary Judd, of this place, planted quite a number of mulberry trees, and she has at the present time fiiteen ounces of cocoons . n, $1390 70 received..,.. Wheat stored Disbursements. For Wheat.... 381b. 12lbu., 33 GO 177 90 Temple... Books and various charitable pur1043 70 poses ....144 60 Remaining in Treasury.. Minnie J, Snow, Superintendent, Lydia A. Snow, Becording See'y. "mi i ri TFor sis-tor- Typhoid NENT. TO tho Exponkxt. THE LADIES OF THE ANTI-POLYGA- MY CRUSADE. There has been so much talk from press, and pulpit,and from ladies opposite of I thought I would say a few words on to them the subject of Polygamy. Now these ladies and the clergy profess to be Christians, and I wonder that they oppose that which is so clearly set forth in the New Testament as this subject is. Christians signify that they aro the followers of Christ; if they are they cannot consistently "And if ye be denounce Polygamy. Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed and heirs, according to the promise. (Galatians, iii, 29.) The promise to Abraham was that he should have a numerous posterity In the 12th chap, of Genesis, 2 verge it reads: "And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee and make "thy name great, and .thou shalt be a blessing. And 1 will bless them that bless thee and curse him that curseth thee; and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed." 22d chap., 17th and 18th verses, the Lord says: "In blessing I will bless thee, and In multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heavens and as the sand which is upon the sea shore, and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies; and in tby seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, because thou hast oboyed my voice." The same promise is given to Isaac, and also to Jacob. We find no promise of this kind made to any one but Abraham and his seed. Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made; He saith not to seeds, as of many, but as one. "And to thy seed, which is Christ" (Gal., iii, 10.) 27th verse "For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ, have put on Christ." 29th verse "And if ye bo Christ's then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs to the promise." Then you see are you adopted (through being baptized into Christ) right into the family of a po- prin-ciples,th- at de-cordi- ng lygamist; and Jesua Christ himself honored the family; of that polygamist, Abraham. Paul say 8: "For verily He took not on Him the nature of anangels,but He took on HJm tho seed of Abraham." (Hebrews, il, ig.) Abraham is called the father of the faithful and the friend of God; those appellations themselves are treasures. Seeing that Jesus took not on Him the nature of angel, but the seed of Abraham, we find Him teaching repentance and bap. tism, which ordinance adopts them into the family of Abraham, for a? many as are baptized into Christ have put on Christ, and If yo bo Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, Ac. "Know ye, therefore, that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham." "And the Scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the Gospel unto Abraham, saying: In thee shall all nations of the earth be blessed. So they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham." (Gal., iii, 7, 8, 9.) "That the blessings of Abraham might come upon the Gentiles? through Jesus Christ." (14th verse.) Now, if we are the followers of Christ we cannot discard our polygamic fathers. Isaiah says, 14th chap., 8 v., "But thou, Israel, art my servant Jacob, whom I have chosen, the seed of Abraham my friend. If we have no connection with these polygamous families, wo must indeed be outcasts, for there is no promise made to any one else. Now, I would ask those ladies who oppose us if they are willing to fight against this principle, seeing that in doing so they fight against Christ? Consider well before you decide; do not be led to persecute those who are honestly and truly fulfilling the command of God, and have been adopted into the family of Abraham, who, God says, "obeyed my voice and kept my charge, my commandments, my statutes and my laws." (Gen., xxvi, 5.) There is a great deal more might be told from the New Testament than has been used in these few remarks. How is it possible that men who profess to preach the Gospel are soblltid that they cannot see that Jesus and his Apostles sanctioned po lygamy. Kan ah. March 17, 1879. CuiEOGRArnV. Professor S , whose loss is deeply lamented in tho scholastic circles of New York, was at one time a highly valued contributor to the journal of whicn he afterward took charge, and being one day introduced to its editor, was greeted with every expression of cordiality and respect. It was a great pleasure to meet, one whose learning and services had been, etc., etc. "But, professor," added the editor, turning upon him and seizing his hand with sudden earnestness, and with solemnity in his face, "I hope you pray for my printers!'' The professor replied that he was very happy to offer his prayers In behalf of any who were in need of them; but what was the special urgency in this case? "Ah!" answered the editor, shaking his head impressively, "if you could but hear them swear when they get to work on your man- Provoking uscript!" Harper's Magazineor January. A lady in Hungary owns the distaff used by Marie Antoinette during her Imprisonment. It is of wood and Ivory Inlaid with silver, and still is wound with tho flax left upon it by the ed queen on ill-fat- the eve of her execution. 