i' -- ' . : v if,- - , - - . SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE 15, 1879. Vol. 8. 7 " , , f For tho Exponent. BY MAEY J. TANNER. full-blow- ! Drifting a w7i Ah yes I Drifting right out with tho tUe, So far that yon never trould guess ; ' v The ocean of life waa so wide. . : . Drifting atray from th9 shore, From their homes and the friends of thtlr youth, .Never to rest any more,- In tho haven of honor and truth. : Dril 'Uogiiwair "f rom their. God I ' I Vtom Ills love and the promise Flo gave; " Losing their hold of the rod That guides them across the dark wave, itastendeas ifiS, ; :thiapdwb' ""tl ; , . must plunge Info theV the v indefinable but whicB harmonjiesith the twilight, and the soft murmur'of tnolirpbk;. ... let, aud the song oLtheliilghtingalei. in the train oft thought that Jcoines Jvvlth t wilighf .shado arid count oiirpirowi soft muTmuHng' .jtiiL that " pei)but aau me songs oi tnrush and .nightingale, time, we must push on, and ybt there5 arb there steals athwart the soul a pensive tensome pleasant pastures by the way, . and derness, that stirs the oldest memories, and.' healing waters where the thirsty traveler all unconsciously, wo" stand as' 'twere in may drink; and if we are .diligent who where our knows but wo 'may Teach the everlasting eet have ..trod many' places as" - 'iongr years ago," and vividly beibre hills that tempt us in thodistanco,;i that i seem so near until we. , try to reach them. f by enchantment all tho realisms coevar with the very hour, live again within our hearts; we see the woodpath .where ' we' ;i wound oyr way through tangled vines and brake" and rotten wood,' arid Jiear The deatii bf;TOllftmlao:darsoh perchance v the woodman's axejagairi, as thougli its " madefhehVyW hearts: t'ribtisan&flh6 :' eos ech had been' axjcustpmed linger ed in oursouls these forty years, l Jifm as ' and pushing onward through the, tangled one; of thbJ greatjeaders: and "advocates7' of copse pierced with the briar; gathering hero and there a ,' is saia;that lii1 Ikmcibn hb'rHfusbd'tdato the wpfeel conscious touch of some soft hand within iparUn a:6fld&5 emperancb. tobnybritibrV our own, and, blessed memory I it thrills us r now as it did thent and we might dream of bliss like this forever were it not that some " uiti x t:iiiini Mil fierce night owl with red eyes, glares at lis, man; becarisb' no such matf h'a WvfePMfW or screeches its horrid notes, and. wakes us, lived as ViUIamtLoyd GarrisbiiV ;a?hFf3 as it were, in terror; or a serpent hisses neraU took 'place the -- 28tPorayrlri Br. beneath our feet and warns us .that life's Putriam'stChurch in Eliot Sbtiafe-TH- e vvlUu '"'"nath'fi- hfRpf. -.with fioni. ;j'vaV :fu ACQ OYUU IU Vil uecoratea wna nowers, HVuuy. our memory ofi(uthe,uh6 the reveries ot past, ;and;;brU;sb blissful thoughts, theserrrorrid wfth the;serisd-bfianiessphantoms glide and .mock at humaihappiness.Aud thus In the brightest moments of eoderep; VUdarid WndaiFhlllips ' our lives We are pursued by. shadows; and 'tis well, for we cannot-bewere sung0 whf6h Mri11 too much of sunshine and graciously the shadows inter. veno,and sadness blends With joyy W,sbad- ows with the sunlight,- ano; the stars 'shine', An Unlucky Man.-- -" You see)' .said i in the darkness, as hope mingles with i our the despondent Tnaiilbns thwplcUe barrel we know all things by con. sorrows; and ' addressing the' :grce trast; and after toil and ; weariness ther e's i r the top of .cracker 3 bdxwithaja heesotr restj and thus we learn lifo'a lessonsf and: If sbmo pd aplehsa 'good 'Jack' Kiilfe, we're wise we'll gather precious treasures by arid somo people has bad IucsKowdIi fe-- z the way, and enshrine them id our hearts,; that we may feast upon ithemJin:our lonely-hours- . i Hwr- - onco i j was waiking'.iOoiiitho 1 street fWith Torn Jill ick 5 fin ft fl fl TTtTtST V? An iThe harvest of goodfruit sewn iby kind adt, and lovlng.words - and ; deeds of , I on one &ido of it abd .n went tdowm on c tho . simple unafXected, charity, nhesd are! tho' i othOr;T Wo'hadn't oao mHrAhr,,,if .will adorn tho brow: bf thosd-whj live to bioss their. fellow bein gs,-- J bocd J iwoman's dress and got Wquainted wlthittiyreserit;! How many auch; passed to !.ho rsahnwtth"ai ' away our memory cn recall aiidthey1 will j sigh, thaTom Jilllcks wasUha auckics- tliyo forever; - and every 'spring - the fai? ' . t AUuot woxiaaua that I nover hadr eo j green earth shall seeshalt bd the! sweeter; Jdl. jit ' " '. : thJcketUo'jorri -- ; "But ocean has dangers below, That mock at our steps as we glkle, And many a good ship we know 1 them, or dive'irito the Oceans (jepths and ' If we let our fe& of .thorns and briars paani'i us, or oven the creatures beneath; thehVivo f must be content without; thb'bleIng'fbr : nonecnJ conquerl3)uCtheVbrav when the victory Iswbn1 wetcan down V i Sunlight and starlight may be Fairer than ever before, As they enter the boat in their glee, That carries thorn out from tho shore. arid call up memories '"that iQng'years' iaw'buried deepy'and'alrt kriownf willr bo -- reveafed- Vol thosohoio: mission has been nobly filled. V V None should sit;, idle ii rlaro t; flowers or'emsdrgaffi - '? EaTjare" the very center of tho liuman hear. ,and stir its deepest fountains, with a 4soVthIhg c 'and breathje intotheir the consciousness of all they are and were arid, .are to be, i then shalliwe knvvTvhat i Beautiful, giytftii. this" kbbnienso-daU'ith- o high arid shrill, and whilb nature rdveli Inv its gloripu beauty, ind the ipjrit. fejoiccs in accordance tfiere with, there are also lo w Carelessly passing them by, Never to see them again; Turning no glance of the eye To gaze on the hopes that are slain. ' Soft! the billows may roll, And sparkle and. dance as they gaf And give no alarm to the sou), Of tho danger that darkens below. Has sunk in Its fathomless tide. t t n pered withadness, or at the minor notes blend .y'itit , 'fairer, fresher, purer and moreJrantBd- cause of these dear ones wboso j deeds of holy love have consecrated them ta God; and In the blessed morn bf 'tbej eCefnal spring when heaven shall crbwiT tho "earth with that ecstatic :.kis3 that tiirillfriir through every fiber shall wake1 the0 dead, ds' V. DRIFTING AWAY. The buds and tender leaves the wild-birnotes, the winged . minstrelsy . of woods and meadows, and later all; the glory of tho flowers, and'over grateful verdure in rich profusion, ' crowning as it were tho very earth with gladness, all these inspire the heart and minjl to give some, token of this holiday, the waking to new life' of latent forces; and involuntarily the soul bursts forth, chanting Irilhopeful music the melody that reaches ' down into t he;y eriecretxhamberaqur An excess" of ; joymusti... always Tb6 ef4 : ; li, Many a barque has gone down Freighted with sorrow and care; Fof life spent in folly and crime Thore cometh but death and despair! Smoothly they pass for awhile Softly they float with the breeze ; Fortune and friendship may smile Luring to comfort and ease. Hut OhI when the clouds AH the skies And fiercely the dark billows roll, . No glimmer of hope may arise To comfcTrt the fear-lade- n soul. Provo, May 28,1879. ; : . 1 ' wild-flower- AFTER LONG YEARS. 1 ! irr-nnv- Hetter vii. . Amid the grand bid woods of oakand pine, I sit me down, 'zasmg mosses, flowers and ferns, And thought, with magic powV almost divine; Unconsciously to other days returns. - -v-- The spiing-tim- e, or early summer has a peculiar effect upon an Imaginative nature; indeed it may be said this season when spring just merges Into summer,' is In Itself romantic. ' It ' calls forth sentiment," and plajrs powerfully upon the motidhs.Beauty lies all around us, and ctinsequeiitly It thoughts1 rarid one Is likely to glvo these powerful thoughts expression In some form suited to the Individual. ' ;: -- Im-presses.- : the -a'. :;; 'comes upon the' robin'i ' - In the spring a iulloV crimson5 'JbreasV. u ' fiu.c r In the'sprlrig the wanton lapwing gets himself another In the spring a livelier Ida changes on tho burnined dove,' In the spring a young 'man's ..fancy lightly ' turns' 'to' 4 H 1 houghta of love, . V -- ;- - r . te-lon- ully termed spring. : ga : - j ; ar dshe'hyrrirff - i yque I , -- t t -- wi- - '. i r?f ( -- ithiiit Tennyson knows' ;that l here" is pepuliar ascinatioa In nature wftich to the springand mortals akin to nju ture in is every form being of tne" earth1 earthy" aio,sensiblyacuto.to these elementary forces that produce what Is very peaatI;T h Andf we v. sctnat J;cdcket;bboK:wIth:, o wbd-hbVha- ve : I iValways I V J 