J.'Ss-,,1:- . .... - . . 1 ... : iI - In hi3 Midsummer Night's Dream' these word occur I will girdlojhe Mrth with a thought." Was not such a thought the embryo of the electric Telegraph; his works contain his Life,his heart,his brain his thoughts, his feeling his entire comprehension of human nature, even to a marvel! his dramatic com. can read, PQdtions show his,and how-feand properly embody his characters. It re. quires a John Kemble a Mrs Siddons a Garrick, an Edmund Kean, a Charles Kean, and his gitted wile, the imimitable Dowton and a faw others, to personate fully the GLEAMS OP LIGHT, Taero aro moments, bU es God! when Life's "burdens From our hearts are roHed softly away; When we feel from our trials uplifted Bun o'er a ' cloud-darkene- d day. . When we feel deep within us upepriosrlns ' - Our pathway with flowers ia gay. Enraptured we catcb a new music i la our little ones laughter so aweet, And dearer than tinkling of fountains Their restlef s aod pattering feet. The language of praise springs unbidden To lips sadly used to complain We think if we may be forgiven We never will murmur again. 1 S weet moments, we give you glad welcome And longer entreat you to stay; Glad beams frOm soloing Hereafttr Like Angel hands beckoning away. Ltj Daltos. the ExpoxtST. THOUGHTS ON THE POETS. BY HAUNAU T. KING. Shakespeare! There is but one Shakespeare! he is inimitable in the full sense of the word in every part of his life and character. Little is known of his private history, and most of that little is traditionary; there is a mystery around him, which he seemed desirous to enhance. Ho wrote his own epitaph, and in it pronounced curse upon any one who should remove his body as he anticipated that his country would desire to have him entombed in her najional mausoleum; respecting his strong injunction the nation satisfied itself by erecting a monunment to him in Westminster Abbey and the Church of Stratford, on Avon has retained the illustrious Dead!Stratford,itis perhaps needless to say, was his birthplace and a mojo lovely spot and all its environs could hardly be found: it is surrounded by immortal scenes, and edifices, Leamington Kenilworth, Warwick Castle, Guy's Cliff Coventry with its immortal Lady Godiva'-another scenes, all lovely as Eden or at least so they seemed to mo. Amid such scenes was tho. immortal. Bard born and xeared;. these-- presume were bis Tutors, and W 4lD?a Mater; for I have never heard that d 1 m mo pediency, and,eyen what is womanly.'. Being a profound5 belioyer ' Jri Reciprocal rights' and duties, I protest agan3 further allowing men'?? opinions to boOur highest court of appeal until they hairpay; ;the samo high honor to our opinions, (just think, in that case, of tho va&t overturning. ihero would bp in tho Vdrld's affairs!). ,.;.;.'' Until that hapy day, I insist upoiri my right to hayo an . and to actupon my own judgmelit' sblbng as by doiug so I do not In fringe "upon tho rights of others: And ti Is just the same Tin matteralqf: religion. i)r instance, I look upon marriage as tho highest and holiest of sacraments; and when any "outsider? begins to argue with mo that marriage is not re ligion but only a civil contract,I ttant toknow who authorized him to decide- - for me what is or is not religion; to settle the bet- T 1 f;-cas- o weenmoaJDui-xrJy.God,-l.,.- - You see where it hinges, t - f ' jA- - tfo the CxrootxsT.-- THE UNKNOWN. FUTURES health is the RnnjMiiAAf,U A cheery disposition Mho sunshine ofthe soul; ;Goo4 health and a cheery disposition - Those fow words are an epitome of just and appreciative criticism both to the author, and to the actor, and have stood as a decided aphorism ever since. Shakespeare lived in a coarse, dark age, but Shakespeare and Elizabeth were lights in the world and their natries are among the Immortals, Not for an ago but for all time." are twoof the greatest blessings that we en. joy, with out them ;We miss half thoi sweet pleasures of lile. - How much sunshine there is in a bright and hopeful disposition. sed is tho woman who possesse3,such a one She realizes every blessing an (L pleasure. There is sunshine in her very presence. What a hannv, wnrlri thfa were to cultivate cheerfulness. Despondency brings moro.unhappinesa into our lives than anything else, we often way to lit, and happipessoon' dies out give of ouruheaits. The Intellect is clouded and the body, weary , then let usioyercomo despondency surely to despond is sinful we wrong ourselves arid our associates. There Is too much beauty, too . much promise in this world .for us to : waste the, golden Iiours In useless Thepresent may : be dreary, and repining but the future ia unknown; so let desolate, 03. have , patience and i.wait for there ia bo much -e u promise and honp In ih Jar a.way gleam of the stars, in VL iao winas, in the beauty of the earth and, the glory of heaven Is the promise of a happy lifo and a glorious here : .. , For tho ExposM). "NO OUTSIDE MEDDLERS" Dear Exponent; I have found so sweet a raowel in a lato number of the Woman's Journal, that I long to share it with such of your readers as do not have the and profit of reading: that valuablepleasure Allow mo to quote: As to the woman paper. ques ton why not let Jt bo a woman queston?. Why make....a man auflsf - I uuiucu ' aro competent to decide on their own course ' f 'action. A woman c.n ton ii,f .iwroug. ... A woman ib as- likly to know- what jJ tnnmftnlt-a man 13. . ""iaujjr man-stedoes Why in to decide for That s what puzzles me. lam not ather? all particular at out voting, but what I am about is to know why I do not know - .. ' i GOOd That Shakespeare drew"! ; don't you? It is haying an outsider stepping in between roe and my conscience to transact my priv-at- e buisiness for me." L.JL.D. St George, Washington Co, U. T, 'This lathe Jew. . .-- " erudition, what insight into the of the human heart and brain do,workings his works aisplay ; there Is also, as in all great writers a prophetic spirit an insight into the beyond - quf-vlv- And even the burdens we carry The burdens so heavy and sore-Fin- ding these contain costliest treasures, We feel they'll be hoary no more. ' to in between me and my conscience to transact my privato business for me." N Hr f. :A MRS AJ M; Df A2V ; Now I feel just aFMrsJDiadoeSi I do wish to do these T things, and-I-aparticular abput voting; arid I think It the most.arrpgant presumption,1 for man- lo'as-sutho righHotiecide: allporataofight and wrong, ail questions of propriety or ex- -- Unnoted and unvalued blisses , , We brushed .Ike the cobweos away, Kow dimple and smile through the darkness In which we bad thrust tnem away. ii tojMpeafctife characters so few can read. Shakespeare was a great favorite with Queen Elizabeth she called him" Will Shakespeare and often sent for him to Court to read his plays to her; she also witnessed their performance as ho frequently personated his own characters. Her box was at the side of the stage; and she once told her Ladies, she would see if she could not disconcert hirn in his character . of a King.: ..Of course.the Ladies were all on e the tosee the feint the Queen was going to play off upon him. ' In making tho moves he approached the Queen's box, when watching her opportunity she dropt her handkerchief upon the stage;8hakespearo as King, was surrounded by his Courtiers, and addressing them, when the handkerchief fell at his feet. Not losing onV' particle of his kingly dignity he calmly turned to onoof the gentlemen and said ''before wo proceed, pick apOurSister's handkercheif 'ho neither compromised the character he was enacting or that ofagentlman. Though the Queen of England and a proud Tudor she was delighted at the complete embodiment the calm presence of mind and perfect realization of tho character ho was sustaining which he exhibited on her stratagem to throw him off his guard. Ben Jonson was a poet and an extrarodinary wit of the day, and when ho saw Garrick perform Sbyl6ck,he exclaimed aloud; We see blessings strewn all around tis, Where aU seemed so barren and gray; Where only dead leaves semed to rustle ? as well as a man does, whether or not it is right for me to. vote, or "Don't suppose, now, that I wish to do any of these things having an outsider sfeppiog w The fountain of gladness anew; Its bright healing waters o'erfloTTlng Revive life's parched flowers like dew. We catcb the deep heart of tht sunshioa To warm our chilled hopes to new lifet With quickened sense hearken the music With which Nature's voices ate rife. LFOr ' .... SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 15, 1870. For the Extosejct. the . & A Word fitly Spoken is like Apples ;of Gold in Pictures of Silver. Vol. 8. An .. i ; p par-llcul- ar ' ; 1 . - e.iM 1 thInk we afo too with ln this fair world ofready. oura. ;j wruuiyitn, com-plai- nt - Melissa 