The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Bights of the Women of all Nations, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER Vol. 8. And alone, save for her Heavenly ' Father's care whose tender love Could see the better Impulse Of her heart, and who alone Could give her strength to stand Amid the torturing scoffj of those Whose hands would fain have hurled Her farther still into the dread abyss From whence her steps had turned. And thus she rained at last Her Heavenly Father's car, And lived to know the joy That virtue's paths can only rive.' Provo, Dec 9, 1879. MARAH. BY MARY J. TANNER. The name I choose to give my hTrolne Denotes not what her name might be, But what ber life Implied. There was no heartfelt sympathy 'Monsr all the friends she knewr That could be jrlveu to ne So near devoid of woman's lovelf attributes. Her face waa passing fain and smi'es, And youthful happiness adorned her brow. She loved, "not wisely, but too well;" The old, old tale was told, And Up met lip with many A silent vow. And in a moment When wild passion sat on reason's throne, She fell! Ob, when was woman's fall Unwept, un mourned.? And woe, the deep repentant tears, Why comes there not a warning- voice To chide her ere she pass the gates, - ' . And tell ber what a woman's fate May be, if once she listens to the Siren's sunt that lures her to destruction? Some hand to hold her back, Ere yet her steps have strayed From virtue's paths? Truth, reason, honor Lean to virtue's side, And if the mind be filled with Light and lore, its heavenly radiance Will shine around the heart, And woman's gentle mind will see And understand the wiles The wicked use to ensnare "Herteuder feet. But I digress, and ere the tale la told My lump is burning low ; But how can woman's hand record The fate that falls to woman's lot, Whose life by virtue unadorned Essays to walk the slippery paths of sin? How tell the uorrow and repentance, The heartfelt pangs that rend Her overburdened soul? The deep despair, the terrible Remotse that rends her heart, While scanning o'er the murdered hopes Her feet have trampled in the dust? How can I tell of Ufe, to penury And want decreed, by virtue shunned, By hope deserted, And by love betrayed? Wncre Marah might have gained a friend She chose to walk ber way alone; Nor sought she sympathy, or aid, From those who would have given A helping band in her adversity. She spurned the counsel of the wiso and good, And every effort of a kindly nature spurned; She gave to folly what to love was dne, And grieved the hearts that might have loved her true. Queen-Empres- s, Corea .Empire under Empresses-Regent- , and Madagascar are governed by Queens, and a woman is the heiress of the Empire of Brazil. Yet when the women of the people ask for a share in government by the people, they are told It is contrary to the experience of ages and the laws of nature for a woman to exercise political power. In brighter, fairer paths m Woman Suffrage Journal. Ordination of women Is being considered by, the Methoditt clergy of Chicago. The agitation of this matter is another step forward in the cause of woman's advancement It will call forth the best thoughts ot men and women on the subject, which cannot fail to "elicit some new ideas that will benefit the public mind on the woman question. Miss Frances Willard, it Is con. ceded, Is the best temperance lecturer on the platform. There are several women who have had pastoral charge of congregations, and have given good satisfaction. The October number of "The North American Review" contains an article by Dr. Frances Parkman, "The Woman Question, Intended lor a clincher. The November number contains the other side of this question by advocates of woman suffrage well known to the public Mrs. Julia Ward Howe, Thomas Wentworth Higgin-soLucy Stone, Elizabeth Cady ' Stanton and Wendell Phillips. Read both sides is always the best way), and then draw (it your own concluslans. In our humble opinion, a good way to become converted to woman suffrage would be to hear the other side and see how shallow their arguments against woman's'voting are. privilege. An International Conference, has been (3), That nowhere. exceDt in Zarioh dur held in Liege, Belglumj'under ttia'ausplces ing the two years of ' Russian infirm of the "British Continental and General the predicted social, moral,' or educaFederation for the Abolition of Government ' have tional calamities" befallen tho collfiP-finr Regulation of 'PrbstItuU6n.!r : Jlepresenta. communities. The tcstimnnv" haae tives from Great Britain, France, Switzerlz Wtote : Wl, authoritatlvoand ; unequivo-- i land, Italy, Holland, Belgium, (Germany Sweden and Denmark" attended and took ' ,(4j. That the. extent and (aren't th't part in the deliberations;' among them were thV medical education t of women many ..whose nandesVare' familiar, by hear-IX- S s ?iHnd ine !Q,Yeral countries Is in direct ratio to them associated constantly in the work the general enlightenment of the people. of:reform, political, and "social Tho work in progress is called thetfew Abolitionist's : anduu5 Am luuuesi expression m: Jbingland. notably la Ajnerlca.", '; ' '" r . n, - .And many a path of misery unrolled, And many a way for careless feet to enter In. She saw tke pit upon whORe brink she stood, Whose murky sides wern clothed With terror and despair, , And at Its bottom , death, with many An added terror, crouched, waiting' With many a subtle smile the feet Of those by wickedness and folly led. She shuddering gazed, and 1 V Turned, her bead awayt And to her God for strength and Mercy prayed: that he would grant Forgiveness for her mad and ' Way ward words, and give her Strength to turn her steps ; : ! . q .' - And as she struggled on and strove Togin the firmer paths from Which she itraredi unaided 1 - There came a day when to her gnzo was shown A yawning gulf of un repented sin; n r The fables of Lijlie Devereux Blake, from the "Evening Telegram," are issued in a pamphlet and for sale. Price ton cents, single copy, six dollars per hundred. Oliver J. Blaber, printer, 112 and 114 William street, New York. The British Empire Is under the government ot a the Chines That such a fall must bring? Movement," to regulated vico, which is a system of. slavery for women. The reports from theso several countries were very favorable, especially from Italy. The Conierence. will be held next year in Italy, and will, it is thought, "oblige the Italian Government to abolish the social vice" regulations. Miss Kate Field says In "Scribner" that Mr. Arthur Seymour Sullivan was born both clever and lucky; and she adds that it is probably because of his genial and extravagant grandfather's, existence that 'Pinafore" was written For this gentleman, an Irish squire, spent his patrimony in riotous living, and his sonlThomas found that he must work or starve. He was very fond of music and so adopted as a profession the art he loved. He became bandmaster of the Royal Military College at Sandhurst, and It was in the band-roothat his fion Arthur passed most of his childhood. At ten years old he played upon every wind instrument as well as up. on the piano, which was taught him by his music-lovin- g mother; -- His talent for mischief he displayed one day when he was lost for five hours and was found in an old college room, picking to pieces a venerable piano, in order to know the secre t Of its construction. At fourteen years old he won, by an original composition, over twenty-thre- e other competitors, the Mendelssohn Scholarship of the Royal Academy of Music, and was thus enabled to study hi3 art In Germany, Ex; Tiie State Medical Society of Massachusetts has, after about ten years of discussion, admitted women to membership. A of Council the has rebeen held meeting in and the Board of Boston, Censors cently instructed to examine all female applicants. This will stimulate other medical boards to movo in that direction, and Is another victory for women. Dr. James R. Chad wick, in the October number of the International Review, states that the early history of the world contains testimony of the ability and skill of women In the practlee of medicine. Mythology gives Women credit for knowledge on this subject Dr. Chad wick ives the following summary of his v tions: ; "(I). That there Is a widespread and evergrowing movement In all parts of the world in favor of allowing women to study and practice medicine. (2). That their claims for admlsaf nn tn the existing medical schools for men havo in many instances been acceded tn. Avon in countries like Germany.' when them u nn considerable, number' of applicants for the put-dow- NOTES AND NEWS. Stands there an aDgel by To make a record of the misery No. 11. 1, 1879. f s 