CORRESPONDENCE. Editor Exponent: , Mywery dear sister: This is the first time I have ventured to address you as an timo la so .much fakeri nn editor, with public duties that it1 is ' hard to find you at lelsure.for an hour; sp I take this way of claiming your attention, and to express my opinion of your late visit to Wash. but-vou- . ington. I heard you say at one of our meetings, that if the sisters thought you had a good time while absent they were very much - mistaken. I for 'one can readily believe you in this; to mo. it appears the most arduous mission nn v nf v nn cfaf yuu Jvl 1II..TU been called upon to perform.' It must have been a trial for two plural wives to meet the talented and worthy ladies of the Con- vention, at a time when prejudice towards ' no aa i'cvjttu uuuuaus 10. suco an extent. Even, .the very, best of those ladies were very careful to have it understood that their . acquaintance with the Utah testes was all included in Woman Suffrage., 7ybep I read of the, charitable acts and seif.deniai of those honorable women, I think, ,6$ the young man whom our Savior loveclj the Scripture tells us He found him lacking in one thing and sent him away sorrowful. I do not think it was any great trial for you to meet the question of woman suffrage. That is a national subject and ' pertains to earthly things, and there was no difficulty you need feel or suffer on that point. But you went to the highest Wurtrof this great nation as a Delegate from the women of the Latterday Saints as an advocate to plead the cause of those who practise the laws and ordinances of the Gospel, as revealed from heaven in this our day; and the faith and power which was exercteed for you was very great. You were answerable to God for all your words and actions, and this I consider the most vital subject of your mis. sion. You were surrounded by the wisdom and learning of this great nation; those who would read your very thoughts before you could.utter them. I assure you my thoughts were with you all tho time, praying the Lord to give you strength and wisdom, so you could speak by the samo power as St. Paul did when speaking before King Agrippa. I have had some experience myself, from twentyfive to thirty years ago, in England, my native land. I was well established in the business of millinery and dressmaking, before I knew of the Latter-daSaints and for eight years after I Joined them. I worked for many highly connected ladies, T y 80me'Of Whom TUfr tftlnrf cAm 1.nnnnin known in the small town where I lived that I had joined the Mormons (so called), but my business did not suffer, It was too well established. As a rule ladies did not'eon-descen- d to converse with trades people, except upon business. About that' time polygamy was first published; and one very pious lady came and told mo she respected roe so much that she would like to have a talk with me. She asked me how I could mm ui leaving me pure and holy Church that I up in (meaning the Church, of England), and believing such awful doctrines as those" strange people taught. I told her the Bible taught me to believe in the restoration of ail things, consequently plural marriage was a Patriarchal order and had to be restored, and I had considered: lately a great deal upon the do-Jcondition of my own sex, and I said IheChristain maiden (in my opinion) was not protected half as well a the Turkish was-broug- L. maiden, and their cries had gone up before God and He was preparing a way of escape. The lady then' spoke of reformatory institutions and societies for the amelioration of the fallen and told of some six different , societies that she and Sir John (her husband) subscribed to. I told her I did not think ihat method would ever reach the foundation of the. eviL That women, particularly the poorer class, would never practise celibacy; they must have protection. The nature of the sex is compared to the vine, continually reaching for support. She what got vexed and said :T Well, Mrs. would you propose to do? would you recommend your husband to marry one of these women?' I told her that would all depend on circumstances; but I would tell her what I was prepared to do, If she would like to hear me. So I proceeded, and said it I saw an innocent girl belonging to that class in danger, I would take her to my home, and by love and kindness win her over to better ways; and, eventually, if it was agreeable to my husband and the "girl, would give my consent to their marriage; and if my husband is a man of God, he would love me all the more for the sacrifice. And if all honorable women would act on this plan there would soon be a great revolution. The lady arose and said, "I thought I was a great and good philanthropist, but I could not do that. Salt Lake City, April 3, E. L.H. 187D. Editob Exponent: Dear Sister: I have received several specimens of insects which infest the wheat and wheat flour in this vicinity, from Bro. S. I. Sudbury of the Empire Flour Mill. That gentleman has imparted much information to me, which would probably bo new to many of your readers, for which reason I lay before you the result of his observations, and those of entomologists who have paid attention to this branch of natural history. It is found that for preserving grain from the ravages of weevil and other insect pests, it is necessary to have sound bins placed in well ventilated stone rooms; that where grain has become infected, kiln drying must be resorted to, at a temperature not higher than 167 Fahrenheit, for twelve hours; or, the grain may be fumigated in closo vessels by charcoal gas. This last method appears to me to be les3 practical and more dangerous than drying in ovens, or kilns. The rationare of either process is to deprive the grain of moisture, which favors heating and the development of insect life. Brother Sudbury's-modof effectthis to condition be based upon ing appears reasonable very conclusions, and has tho merit of having been practically tested by him. He uses very fine, dry, lime, which is well mixed with the grain, In tho proportion of two bushels to tho thousand bushels. In practice this has been found to answer, even with "smutty" wheat, from which the lime is readily sepa. rated by putting it through the smut machine. It seems that "the grain is made brighter" in appearance, and entirely free from everything objectionable, if indeed lime can be considered so, which I very much doubt, It being in such infinitesmal quantities. Of the great importance of well sea. soned and tight bins, as well as good ventilation, there can be no doubt, as insects get through very small crevices. Besides this, such places are resorted to by the parents to deposit their eggs. For this reason open granaries havo been found preferable to dc e air-slack- " ed fective bins, as the grain can be seen, turned over and ventilated. I have had flour on exhibition which had been "cached" for several years in dry situations, and there has been no sign of, insect life. But as soon as it has been brought, to this eity and exposed, even in cabinets, life has been developed. The danger that besets flour is the "result of lack of care among some people for which their neighbors have to suffer! Careful watching and cleansingr with ventilation, are the safeguards against destructive insects; darkness, damp and dirt are the sources of evil iri the granaries and flour bins as they favor development of de. graded life forms. This reasoning applies to moths, beetles and other vermin affecting grain, corn, peas, beans, rico and other articles of food. Should it not be trespassing on your space, I may again address you on this subject, and show some of the modes of distinguishing between onr friends and foes in the insect world. With great respect, Yours very fraternally, Joseph Barfoot, Museum, Salt Lake City, April 2, 1879. REFLECTIONS. A few reflections havo passed through my mind while reading the travels of our worthy sisters, yourself and Mrs. Williams, your doings and your reception, both at Washington and elsewhere, in the presence of Mrs. Hayes, the President, Senator?, or Representatives of the houses of Congress, all treating you with kindness, courtesy and due respect. I felt while considering this subject that man was not the only being endowed with power froth on High to go forth and battle with the enemy of all righteousness; and I felt there must have been legions of holy angels round about our sisters, to ward off tho powers of darknes3 and open up the way before them, that they might have access to the ruling powers of this mighty nation and tell them the truths of heaven. 1 fell that God was with our sisters and is at the helm, and though wicked men and women may try to do all they can to oppose those who seek to uphold and Sustain this work, God will say, "Thus far shalt thou go and no further." It seems as though wo have to pass through a rough and thorny path, and be tried and tempted, as Jesus, our elder Brother, was, and Joseph, our beloved prophet, in order that we may attain to the glories of the word to come. I feel if we will live our religion, attend to our duties at home, get the holy influence of the Spirit of God to be with us, wo wrould have access to tho heavenly powers above, and havo the angels of God to aid and assist us to battle with the power of the lower regions that surround us and seek to lead away tho unwary; we should have power to put them away from us, that they might . only associate with their own kindred spir-itsThen we could live like the people of Enoch, or Ijke the Nephites on this continent when they were all converted to the Lord no poor or rich, no division or contention, all united in tho work of the Lord, Amy Miller Fayette, March 8, 1879. to the work that can be got'out of a human body, or a hunnn braiD, and ho is a wise man who wastes no energy on pursuits for which he is not gifted; and he is still wiser who from among the things that ho can do well chooses and resolutely follows the best W. E. Gladstone. There is a limit 