br'riaTure could do7 Strolling arOund this ;marvelous place, through a 'small gate not much used! wo judged, wo entered a small. CORRESPONDENCE. CA1"iiL82Hi San Fiuncisco, - CONCLUDED. , ;VV 7 . This time we take street car, oil Mission ."wood ward's St., opposite tne lar-tame- u fo"Lono Mountain over ine sauu-mu- Ho rncnrf nf vf sifnrfl - iu iuia uaiiy anu.. jayprr;( ,rnm f;ir rind nnnr rW- the landing (for Jet ..me our way out and at remind you this is the first triple very pulsation of body and being seemed con: centrating their forces, to run riot yjth nerve, heart and brain. Thought went back with the rapidity of lightning into f the days of school life, when we pondered and scanned our lessons o'er, seated upon hard benches in our New England village scfiool-room- . Geography, be it remembered, was a favorite study, and gave but very meagre account of countries since opened up and develoDed. huh wW they lacked in information was partly made up in dreamy speculation, and 6f this part of the wTorld we learned about as much as of the interior of Africa. Yet we had our dreams and desires to travel, and they were ou expressed too, of one day seeing lands and waters that in those days appeared about as improbable or impossible as a trip to the moon. Yet all the. years of child, and girlhood, before the iron horse was conceived, or the crude ore taken from the bowels' of mother earth to form the course laid through and over this mighty continent, along which he now runs his tireless race,8nuffing the waters of two great oceans, we set our heart upon one day seeing this land and floating upon the bosom of the greal "Western sea. No wonder, then, wo recalled our youthful ardor when gazing . far-of- i afar over its waters through the "Golden Gate," and with fervent gratitude thanked our Heavenly Father for guiding out foot- steps safely hither, although life's sun had past its meridian. Yet, nevertheless, blessed be Ills name! it was in His own way and time. We roamed along the beach gathering shells, waiting until the tidal' waves came in, dashing over our feet' and garments, baptizing us with their white, billowy spray, telling strange stories of distant lands, of the wonders of the deep, of the precious burdens they have borne, and of shipwreck and disaster while we. sent . . We saw V -' f f -- the arrangement for throwing-.wate- - Al-catra- r oyer the trees not a hose,, but a sort the King of Baby-lo- n had to throw water upon and nourish the trees and plants of his hanging gardens, and to all ouy inquiries the servant was as utterly incapable sf giving an Intelligent aosw er as .a Chinaman' just imported. Hat,Oie' pro- prietor beert at home' we might have neard something moro tangible and been' compensated for forcing our way. through dan- As iUwas, we ramger of extermination. bled through the grounds, asking and ari-swering our own question until time ' warned us that we must npt 'linger, but make otir way biit of this strange place and back t6 tho Cliff House, Which wo lid by tiio carriage road, tho main avenue up the -steep graded mountain. This was the best part of it, for the gardener made as much . " the great gatesxmd direct- parade-openin-g ing us as ceremoniously out grounds as they had unceremoniously been entered into. However, we returned without harm. r. loaded with the sweetest, brightest loveli-;- of-th- o i , e3t wuu ana cuiuvaieu blossoms that na-tuover., produced; and vy .hen, with our $rras full, w-- caino in sight of our party, ro o . they exclaimed ?w;ith wonder, Whero havo "you befri aad where did you get all those y, 1 Jr of Persian wheel, such as CI 11 k - . -- back our voice in snatches of old songs, clapped our hands, cheered, applauded these monster wavpa and sni 1! J I 14 as In their native elelittle, they gamboled or out scrambled "it to stretch of ment, themselves high above the waters upon their Island-roccastles, monarchs of all they survey. Yea, we left our years ah (TT cares behind (our party at the Cliff also), andliko a very child wandered over the' steep, rugged cliffs out of sight of the seabeach road, gathering wild llowers unmolested, until wo had more than wo could well car- -' ry, and thought ot retracing our way back, J when lo! there appeared just' below ori the side of this sterile cliff, one of the love, liest, most magnificent, villas imaginable. We scarcely dared breathe, lest the vision might suddenly disappearr-su- ch beauty in such a place could only be an illusion, it seemed. On the border and this gem cut In the sterile cliff surrounding were trees' from twenty to forty feet in height, wide" avenues bordered with lovely flowers, and plots of ground with trub Ivy so delicate so artistically arranged, rustic beats "and marble nymph?, statuary,, vase,bket everything to beautify and adoin that art A . . J far-of- f KJ sea-lion- s. . -- -- i fie : at this point, leav an into omnibus or a ritlo? ing car we step a fftr we had a 'gaTffenTpFlu fiview of a conservatory of choice tropical plants; going down steep steps into another and then another, where there were tall and trellises covered with blossoms f uchias : fit thq heliotrope and roses; birds were .chirping and hoppihg about, but not a sign of human being, although there were many Yhahdsome habitations surrounding the con-Jt- q one which appeared almost embowered with magnificent trees arid vines. Wo began to suspect this was the homo of the ' Sleeping Giant, and determined to arouse him or some of his minions, as wo saw no possible way of effecting an entrance into the main grounds excepting by a wido gate a little ajar, we made the attempt to pass, .wherran ugly dog (like Erebus guarding Iho entrance) rushed toward us opening his ; cavernous throat, yelling with the force of all the furies of Hades. His unearthly yells brought no one to our aid; in vain we called forJielp. There yas nothing to be done but beat ajretreat, and this we did, shifting under a little alcove on the stone steps Watching pur enemy, until ho gave up the battle and went to his tent (or kennel). We ..noticed the length of his chain in his frantic attempts to reach us, and thought we could slip by while he was off guardrWo crept close to the opposite side of the gates it h Erebus at our and gl id ed through jy heeb; fortunately he clid noTHach them, else my adventure would have had a tragical termination. Once out of tho way of this monster, we walked boldly to the man. sion and rung the bell; this had no effect. Then wO went through a treliised portico, '. and knocked, opening the door at the.same time upon a stupid young Englishman and I rench servant girl, wrho stared at us as if they thought a messenger had appeared from tiio world of spirits. Something was Wrongn that camp 'evidentlj', but we took in tho situation, and partly made the Eng. ; lishman to understand wo only wished to see tho grounds and gain all the inlorma-tio- n possible concerning this strangH place in the desnrt. We soon learned, that he was not going to enlighten us oYen .ff he could, and this last wo very much doubt. Wq as.ked if the proprietor could bogeen, but did not receive any reply. ' "beautiful flowers!" "Oh, but you have lost such a grand sight," said one lady; "one of the most-terrifightsror-battle- s, between two monster Oh, it was the grandest sight I ever sawl" Never mind, one cannot seo; everything; the sea lions had their fight and we had ours! If there was time you should have the story of tho sea lions7 fight, as it was told to me; as it is, we will pass them over, and some day you may witness a similar one for yourself. But with the experience of the other encounter, you will do given should bettor, you desire to explore this mountain villa, to go py the way, of tho main entrance and when the master of the premises is upon them. The, sequel, or a part of it is a rich man, after his wife had been taken from him by death, wandered, around one day through this wild region to forget his grief, or nurse it, nobody knows which, conceived the plan of building a retreat of beauty and luxury, and having it ail to nimseir ana servants; ana tnus. nis wealth has brought out of deep ravines, abrupt acclivities, precipitous hills and long stretches of rough, stony, flinty elides, a marvel of wonder to all who have seen it. Tho great trouble is lack of water to supply :the demand of all these trees and plants and sustain such an immense establishment of vegetable and animal , life In the heart of a high rock, lor euch in reality is the case. Alreadv he is becomingJ wearvv of it.J and it may yet bo left to the peaceful enjoyment of some stupid servant, or distant relative but it does not matter to either you or me, dear reader, who has the beautiful "nest in the craga;" we do not envy the proprietor,"nor his. sisters, nor his cousins, nor his aunts;" wo have Keen, and if we did not conquer, eluded the ugly guard. Now, wo. fully intended to have taken you with us upon Telegraph Hill "Mountain of Temptation" we call it, for it commands a view- of most of tho city of tho bay, Golden Gate, many towns and places surrounding it, as well as mountain and villages beyond. Here you may take .in "Goat Island' a military reservation another strongly fortified' naval station at the entrance of the bay; Angel Telnnrl nrirth nf Alftrav. is annthftr mili tary reservation; beyond this towers up tho peak of Mount Talmapais, the highest near tho city; from the north San Pablo Bay, Berkley, where the State University is ; establishea, uaiaana," Aiemeua, xne uoasr-hi- ll yer the, bay San Jose, and every where enough to satisfy ; ,and gratify .the largest desiro for sightseeing, providing, the fogs (Jo not obstruct your range of vision. Then there is North Beach, BIncon Hills, and m.ariy more with human habitation, impraatic'ablo jfor wheel ed.ye-hicl- es, but very ico to bo carried up their steep sides (as ihr many instances) in cars drawn oy an endless rope running just be- -' low the, surface; Going down these slopes reminds me of the splendid long on the steep j on the 8m6othyhard snow-crus- t dear Old; ; our of hillside in the Eastern part grandfather's farm. Funny? Is it not?' But every time we go down one of these steep hillsides in this way.mymina revens ic those healthful, exciting1 sports of long, hill was hot1 long ago. Tho long stretch up in the least thought of; tho toil-w- as mpt& man cuuipeuaaieu iur u,y laojwiij nwuvnut as long as the facult And so, dear reader, - i 11 . I i til T.ttB' t tuu 01 lo iclb UOy ll. luci o .Ino Dim out-of Paul says) an. i Eden, for mankind, J t li r nrt tiill'hna' h memory sonletimes comes when our hesurts are sad, with flashes of light .to cheer and1 , , Hill,-Missio- n 1 sled-ride- s, V I re'-UllcUll- s 1 V- A V s nm 