other crop- - The rice looks like wheat, but they transplant it in rows. Some of the fieWs were, almost ilpe aad tJi most fearful noises to scare away the .biids. Sweet potatoes are replanted by burying the tops. We saw starch plants and many others that were new to us. When we arrived at Dale at 3 p. m. the natives came out with a banner, drums, flutes, and sang and danced. They had a song composed for the occasion, and while we partook of supper stood In one corner of the room and sang. Sunday, 20, we attended Sunday School; it commences at 9 a. m. The native children sing our songs in their own language. They sing "Our own Sunday School" nicely; It was very interesting to hear their exercises. At 11 a. m. attended meeting; there was a good congregation, some of the people had walked six miles. They were comfortably clothed, almost all wore hats with flowers on them, and flowers around .their necks; they call them "Lei." Ssa and I have had them put on our nocks; and one of saffron blossoms, natures, and giving them fresh thoughts; but at any rate It will afford them a pleasant temporary and who knows ielief in tkelr selltary-hour- g; what good seed may be sown in their hearts through the benevolence of those who aid in this noble and philanthropic ... undertaking. are sometimes innocent Anoher- thing--the- re rspDA.jllDvii. into prison, and how weari- some must be the hours and days when they sit alone, apart from their loved ones and ciations It is geod to think of the unfortunate and Isolated, and seek to restore the erring to the path, of If one can do but little, remember, even the little may be like the: widow' mite mentioned by the Savior. We trust oiir sisters will reflect upon thia subject, and not leave their books and magazines tossing about until they are too much torn to be read,:but gather up a quantity of them and forward them forthwith for the benefit of those whqJaVe iso unfortunate as to be. shut out from the rest of mankind. Be charitable frith that ws' have,' that the Lord may blesa us more Abundantly. There may be some redeeming features" in the characters 'of. criminals, or extenuating circumstances, that the maseg are asso- : Monday we went to see the fect one 26, 1879. just one week to day since we arrived, and yet. two weeks'must elapse, before this letter will leave the Island. We sailed from San JTraricIsco on the S. S. "Zealander," y ; As we paaeed on 'there were large fields of plctu.reeque. - wheatraUed by Chjna.rEfetij and Kale patches, but these were mostly under waten TheTKaI6 isjwha'C the.poe Is made of; the root looks like along turnip; you can,; take it up, cut off the tops, them.iigsJn Jand they will grow an sugar-can- e grey-haire- d . fields. crp. Friday I attended tha Relief Society; there were about forty in number. This is a very affectionate and kind people. I often think of the labors of our Elders among them In former years, Elders Gteorge Q. Cannon aud Joseph F. Smith. I wifch 1 could describe how I ielt in receiving gifts from the dsters of the Relief Society; one brought melon, another a little bag of sweet pbtatoeava Cucumber, a few eggs, a fish, a. cabbage, and so on.. I thought at first they ;were for the poor biit Sister Cluff informed me they were tokecg of love for Sufa and me; and when meeting closed the sisters picked them all up and brought them to the house, shook hands with us oordially and bid us good by. i VVe attended; a of five schools together; it was very Interesting, although I could not understand The happy faces, intelligent black eyes; and variety of entertainment were all charming. These schools are all supported by law; all men: teachers. The examination was held in the large stone ? : , . ; , , ; ' i meeting-bonse- . The land where bur people live is much of it low mountains, or. Jilgh hills, covered with eternal verdure; there is a constant breeze of wind from the sea that fortu ately takes away the mufcquitoes and makes Jt delightful day and night, yet there is ho bed without wars ' rrisburg, ,Vaih-Ingto- u Co., rjtahtTerritbryf Da in I e Earl,, beloved daughter of GeorgejA.and ZiphaD.EarL Damie was bora July 8, 1875, acd ;her death occurred on the 7th of August, nit She wtj four years and one month 'old, and was a very precocious child, seeming, to give , promise of rare gifts and knowledge far bejoiid ;her years. Also, ' at the same ilen, Infant daughter of Hartlet Elleni Ynd'Wm. Xaney, Jun-who died' Anafige?!; eft'kbntiii and two daysi She wkf taken Wth icarletlna, ' but suflred' very much vit pal Howmany such arel'takenkwayi erhaa in love, and although we mourn their Ices j' to nt, : . 'lac,i v , ' . Died, of diphtheria, at on . ooii -- IN MEM6RIAM. . school-examinati- - worn here; it is very comfortable. Only think, it has been ten days since we ar-rived here, and not one dust storm.1: There are no pains spared to make our visit pleasant and interesting, and I trust that God will blesa us, that we may be no detriment td the mis-sio- n. My health is improving every" day. I ever feel to Bay, God bless all my sisters who work for the advancement of the kingdom of to God. Please remember me Inlove School. the Sabbath to; all who ;:My: Wells Pres. for lo and in particular, me, quire B. M. L to Sisters. also SlnUii, P. Home; Woodro ff, In fac t to all my good sisters at home. I hope to be at home In September, If the Lord wills it so. Sister Clufl and fiusajoin in love to the dear friends at home, or, as the natives would say, ,4aIoha." God bless you forever is my prayer. f ZlliA, D. YOUNO. . ... - ' '''I joy. iron-railin- ' . scenery was delightful. Sister Alexander (the daughter of our much esteemed Brother and Sis'er Corey, of Provo,) has a fine daughter and is doing well. Many in tho mission made it presents, more than I ever eaw for a new arrival, so great was the : - ' I find many plants and shrubs exactly like ours in our own door yards. There is a kind of vine grass here that is a great nuisance to farmers in first breaking the soil. It takes nine yoke of oxen and four men one day to break up one half acre; thu3 you see the natives must work hard. Every Saturday the natives stay at home and do their own work7 cook Kal6 for the week to make poe. I rather like their cooked Kald. On the 24th Tree. Clufl and family, all the white people that could go and some natives went to the mountains and took picnic to celebrate tho day. We had a pleasant time, the . which sailed oyMonday, July-7- , at 12 m. We saw a few of our;friends in Ban Francisco, only one fatter-daSaint, After going on board, I to (he land and retired to my adieu bade. soop room; I was very ill four days, but I was kindly cared for daring the time. The Captain said he had ne,vet made a better v.eyage. On the Sabbath we had the Episcopal service on board ship. There were two ladies, widows, with whom, we became acquainted, who were very pleasant companions for us throughout oar journey. When we arrived in Honolulu tho Captain sent us in his carriage to the Hotel. It was a lovely place, such trees nd foliage as only the tropical climates can produce, the most lovely flowers and delicious fruit. , 6 at f the Honowe b a; 19th, m., Saturday lulu in a comfortable carriage, traveling up hill most of the time. Around was the most lovely, scenery one could imagine, elegant homes embowered In trees and foliage'.' The cemetery,'with the yew trees and other vaiie tiesj and flowers of all kinds, I cannot describe by pen. After we had. journeyed six miles we came to the Ia'6. ' Here the wind always blows and there is a huge precipice reaching over half a mile; rbe road is down, down, and very crooked, paved 'with large, boulders of rock. It takes two natives to hold the rope attached to the end of the wagon to keep it steady. This Is the place where once in time of war the natives were drivenand leaped from this precipice like sheep rattier than surrender. g to hold to, to pre "There is an vent falling. Below 13 a lovely valley dotted with arm, forming a pretty 'pastoral picture, add beyond is the saa, making the view most ; The drouth has injured it, yet it is doing better the last few month?rma,ccouDt of the frequent showers. There are one hundred acres under improvement; it takes eighteen months to per- CORRESPONDENCE. Mv DeaBisteeik-,,This is Saturday, door-Jock- i, . just fancy! ignorant of. LAiEt-Jul- bobbinet to protect the sleeper, Unfortunately the sea wind is so strong around the houses of our mission that tree's will net grow, yet there hPilr la so is a carpet of green to 'the eea. Impregnated with salt that ther :.Cpod scissors, and things of this kind-rustwill only last five years-r-- I trusts cooking-stov- e and peels off! I am sitting where I can see the beautiful white foam dash against the shore; it If Indeed a luxury to bathe in the sea. I am improving very fast in my health. The natives are more excusable for their weaknesses than white people, because of their condition and circumstances, in my way of thinking. I realize our first Elders must have had re markable experfences, and passed through many trals in their first mission here. The sister who presides over the Eelief Society here was baptized by Elder George Q. Cannon: her husband is a brother of Napela, whollVes in veteSalt Lake City. I see some rans here, the fruits of the labors of bur first Pres. Cluff ceerhi to Elders. spare no labor to make this mission, a success. The people here do not have to garner tip anything for winter, yet there are many, obstacles to overcome. There is not a bam In the Country, and there U no need of one;. the: cattle all look well, but the natives; do not know how to be as kind to their horses as they might be. The natives make their Own hats, and there " i v are very few shoes worn.j, ' :Y ;; yet we. cannot but feel 'Our Father? oeth all , things well. "Suffer little children ' id com e unto me, for of suchli ihe' kingdom of heav- - , -- .: Convents arb so niimerb1asTInnBe!giu that thd ringinof thQi'r' bpIi at .xifght hag beeomb anulnco iThich the law is Invoked ' to abate. uii.. . 