WOMAN'S 250 rahBshed I Terms ;0n$ - 1 regular WJmTetr4:,09?;y "Panto rf nrtm tr n H n o - nniTvryi.rt1 nno A literal dlscou nt to month, t3.O0. ,er( $0Qj M JnT.ftli &fco City, ; Utah. ilx months, jml-ffliJOtlOyi-o i&fexfacn;,,., h) v .V,. tower. West &Km bltbe IWmt 'OMc Council business Uouse South) Templfj Bueet from, JQ.a.m. to jS p.m. ercry day except Sunday. Address aU baslfim commipdcationa to : V ; PutMsher' ; - ... . : . tours ( Wovis't EzrdxraT, - Salt Lake City, tlUh- r- t; - - ?1. SALT LAKE .CITY; JUNE 1. 1879. . SELF-IMPBOVEMEN- T. There are many opportunities for improvement tnaiare passed by Without' "thought, and it is very frequentlyremarked by young peo- (and we might say elder ones)f I would J)le to improve myself, but I've no chance," rwhen chances jan'd: opportunities are being tbr own; away alt the' time There are young young women who are doing nothing mpand In arUcntayj beca'use thy cannot find that And even . which is sufficiently remunerative. ; ucaus.. ui ixicu nuu uuiu ttouuuoiuio ... - v.uubiiiuub, , . fit: i till jr';w".T -- T-- r . . in tnis rwprKrarXwyworiov Ana tnese same meni ipms of them, debate iipon, the .corners nr Ina ariiuf khnnr nrAtvi an litnminn vlnhla n v rl man "who ,.The Aerlnturt a ,sav to forth. ' ' ,. 4"i the .'."; UUVU UXf '.V I AUV JVJ. iiiv a WV &4ta9- avuAW4 faitfi ar4 in wj oysp than an .in 4?. - P.f course women whoara left. to taVftrarenf thpmsfilvps. - V.. k T" U J U earn an iodepeudent Jiving fori hem sel.ve?, and tometirrifs lor .their families such need totne preparation: beforehand for the active pursuits of life. And who can tell what maybe the circumstances of the future? The mother who & ....... , -- 11 , AV - a- sends her dauglter forth without some thor- ough preparation that she can rely upon in an extremity, does her an lb justice, as we view A v 11 W It is elten rempirV:ed larn $ trade, Wtateyer his ' be as'tegaWsp circumstances may that is bt; rbut it b;'usuai)eeii; e' confirmed cqstprnlorthe times i&''(iepastrtDt'a girl's ' - maW; . that every boy should fliunclal - lt,i, tbe opinion not be so Indepde ihemfelves. ,.t;Jne). more'lndua ir)Bit. of inany jgtaod. where glr are ta'ifian J n al- - E X PONE NT, penf in frivolltiei and In trying to make" your path easy. Perhaps the Great Creator has endowed you with beauty, with of iri face which is always ore, or lesi charming, but too frequently these charms pall when the real life of the individual is not consistent with the fascinating exterior. This is an age of progression marked by many new and fresh inventions and innovations, in coDEquence of whieh changes are taking place that are., calling forth from the minds of individuals advanced thoughts upon subjects that were heretofore almost ignored, so strong seemed to be the chain that bound the opinions and customs of the. past But this is an e ra when woman 'must accept her true position, and it is one of active work, and it is needful she should prepare herself: do not think you 'aW to occupy positionsunhss you fit ybiiweif for them, If "you do you will a llmitr to your desires, the' wjsdom of fife is acquired little by little, by patiehi appiication and aitrbng devotion to the best interests. We lnow that It has been considered by some that girjs are tob delicate and ifragiieand man are reared by; tlieir; parents so; tj?ndi erly that' they, are alnOjOSt; unfitted for he acta al ei p erie c ces of yoman h pod. .WeI I," sasi one, "so' many womeh are pbytically for the'arduous duties aud Mbora that seem to be their lot in life, and can take no active ipart. in the duties of ;ielrbwu'hdusebo1d.'r Why is thi? Do they not early in life violate many.pf the. laws of health, and do not mothers rtnd fathers lopk upon It almcst indifferentclotkes, ly uhtil it is too late.. Tight-fittin- g too much dancing; wearing shoesand gloves; to thin dre'ses evening parties, and coming home without sufficient wrappings; these and many other neglects that are overlooked at the time, but become serious matters when the health is wholly undermined. A temperiate manner of life, with plenty of outdoor exercise, and suitable qlothlog, a moderation In theVpursul's, or avocations, engaged in, will in most cases secure healthy to. thoee who have not some inherent weakness which bailies all skill. Health is almost a riecessity to fcuccess In, ariy enterprise. It is poeslble to improve in observing the laws of health, and this will help one to attain other gifts and acquirements more readily. Our advice to young ladies Ji,. qualify yourselves for some noble pdrpose iri life. Well, Bo much supposing I should get marrleuT the better for you and your husband and especially' your children, for of all the positions woman Is callfed to occupy, the Ono that needs the most careful preparation, the highest endowment, Is that of being a mother. There is not a positive necessity of certain conditions in li fe to make y ou what you may a9pi re to be; you can cultivate youreelf under almost any circmsianbes, if jou have the will and Thos who have been the most celebrated in Jlteratere, In science aod in art, and ' those who ,'b'ave acquired moat wealth h ave begun br cultivating themselves; and have risen by, df grees to ihe rank they occupy. In all that relates to life much Isexpected of woman,, therefbie her need of cultivation Is great, and it should be not only in thp graces and embellishments that beautify and adorn, but in the sound and profound truths by which the greatest problems are solved. If woman gives to home the tone that attracts the hearts of all the household, If woman gives to society its character, should cot the mothers of the race have every avenue open to them possible, Hhatthey rnlght dedica'e themselver to a life - in-di3po- sed de-sirabl- e 11 deter-mihatlp- n. i oTftf aVwy lrg rcenge of old; maids, of theJr energy, or iLdus- -i jtecause. trj,xtlindependence,-bu- t Jrqm other causes ' wUt knowtr, : but which w e h are not p pac e lut IManpt . ."ild,to explain., lv t:,)-- i . ; :Qirlaare;Tot suitable pr txTarrletl life uuliss - ihe dte energetid and industriiiU?, and they ahduld b will Informed on all general sul ct. jt and muoh'cf this they can do thimstlvts. if -- tbey'wlll.J : , v GlrU, do not Indulge io IdUnesi?! ho r.ofven we have beard the eiclainationT I'm toot g to work, I'm going to hare a good time; drudges are not appreciated," Ave are quite .willipg jtq ad mithere la some drudgery con. nected wiihji.woma' life. But what about -- go-iD- find to ap-yourselves, jgirW pretlaVe In ybtir cVh cbitTnceV if yWr life1 Is rof Vert mipTcrve men'.? " HOME AFFAIBS. j The pbesest number commences Volume EigW of AybMi's Exponent. Through its agenoy Latter-da-y Saint women have become better known to ihe world and have obtained some .prestige through this channel in their ideas and reporting" their fx-pressi- og labors for each other's elevation and We hope the increased improvement. subscription list for the present year may prove that the ladies appreciate the little paper as an educator among the Saints, and also the good missionary work it does at home and abroad. We regret that the young)people of Ogden have given up publishing "The Amateur;" that a journal in ine 1 merest or me juuiuai improvement 'Associations Is needed must be apparent to all who consider the subject. "The Amateur" has done good work in its field of labor, and its pager have always been filled with expressions of true principles and pure sentiments, and of this class of reading there is a lack in the world. We are sorry to have "The Amateur" suspended. The Book of Abraham, by Elder George Beynolds, is indeed a great acquisition to the home literature of the Saints. It is not a crude, unfinished work thrown together hastily, but all who read its pages will understand it is compiled with thought and carefnl, attention to facts, and is an embodiment of a series of historical facts that possess a significance to the Latter-da- y Saints. We commend it to all as a work of genuine merit. The book is for sale at the office of the Deseret News; it can also be obtained here. We would respectfully solicit the Secretaries of the Y. L. M. I. A. in the various organizations everywhere to send word to the editor of WbiAs Exponent if they edit a paper In their Spefjety; and if sq the name of the paper aDd how.IoDg itias been edited, ho often it is issued, the characterof its articles, and who are the editors and re jar contributors We should be glad to publish liese Items in our paper, and to ascertain what exertions are being made among the young ladies connected with these societies to improve themselves in writing. On Friday May 16th the Primary Association of the Hth ward, met at Sister E. Mathews apartments to practise singing etc. The children had been told previously by their president that the 16th of May would be the 80th annl versa fy of SUter Ann Trump's birthday. Fifty children come forward and presented this mother in Israel their bouquets of flowers, then one little girl presented to her a card flower reclever with a few lines of poetry written and the Inscription. On thy 80th -- -- Birthday. . - , The children sapg and recited some beautiful pieces; they seemed really inspired by a divine power. While looking at, and listening to the children many delightful passages ran through my mini such as "In as much as ye did it unto the least of these, my servents ye did it untume" etc. Before' the children were dismissed the aged mother passed all present. There were several spectators present, who felt to say God bless the children and God bless the parents and all who encourage the children in doing good. ... .. ... . M. Shonesbero; Aptil Editor Exponent: J. T. i), 1879 f We are a small settlement, numbering fifteen members in our Relief Society. Ve with to bb r'emetnVeye'd with the fest of ovr slstrB; w'e 