W 0 M A N'S E X P O N E N T . 42 THE WOMAN'S EMMEUSE ML . EXPONENT. WEJULS, In Salt Lake City, Utah. PabliBhed one One Terms: copy year, $2.00; one copy six month, Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising LOO. rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 3.00; per.jbonth, $3.00. A literal discount to Beml-mont- hl, 9 baud-carriag- Publisher Wchjlx'b Exfowekt, Salt Lake Gity, Utah. 15, 1879. PUBIilC DEMONSTRATION. - Never has there teen such a grand public demonstration by this people as that given to Gen. Wells jon his release from the Penitentiary, Tuesday, May 6. The people were indignant words are too weak to express the feelings that were aroused in the hearts of the Latter-da- y Saints by his sentence to two days impiisonrjjient and $1C0 fine for not betraying that which he held more sacred than his life. . His words in the Court Boom on that momentous occasion will be handed dawn to posterity, and his name will forever bo cherished by all who reverence and honor Integrity to principle. "It has ever been and is a principle of my life never to bjtray a friend, a brother, my country, my God or my religbn." At a large meeting of the brethren and sisters held in the Council House, Sunday, May 4, after the services in the Tabernacle, committees tvere appointed to arrange a programme of the proceedings: Major Lit le, Hon. John Sharp, Col. Theo. McKean, Hon. Wm. Jennings, Col. John B. Winder, Marshal A. Burt, Geo. Crismoo, Esq. EXTEMPOnATEOUS SPEECH MADE DENT JOHN TAYLOR. BY PRESI- President Wells: In behalf of the community who feel outraged by the treatment ytu have received, I propose to prisc-u- to ypu the confidence, the respect, the hojgor and the esteem of the people whose heart?, feelings and affections are with you. We do not come here to interfere with any matters pertaining to the action of courts; we leave an intelligent public to act upon that matter, and to judge according to their wisdom and discretion. But we have come to exhibit to you our esteem and to show you that whilst you are true to your friends, your principles, ycur country and your God, that your friends are equally true to you. You ee exhibited before you the spontaneous feeling of this vast people who have come to meet and to honor the man who rather than submit to betray his friends, his country, and his God, would permit himself to be deprived of liberty and te immured in prison. We have come, General Wells, to wipe away a stain sought to be heaped upon you by the bigoted, unreflecting and thoughtless, and this demonstration is the spontaneous impulse and action of a generous, patriotic, kind hearted and friendly people. For this purpose we have assembled here today; and in behalf of this whole community, I tender to you our sincere regards and our most heartfelt sympathy." To which the following impromptu tc sponge jqfo wai made by t Lake County; First Presidents of Seventies, Presidents and, Counselors of the Quorums of Priests, Teachers1 -- Ladies' Societies; Messrs. George Goddard, Wm. Willis, S. L. Evans, F. A. Mitchell, L. W. Ri hards, J. C. Cutler, for the Sunday Schools; C. W. Penrose, John T. Calne.Mits AoLle Wells, Jos. A. West, J. C. Gsabam, Geo C. Lambert, A. W. Wlnberg, editors and rej of the press;" J, Snberg and Henry Reisur fur tlto Scandinavian and German citizens. Ordar of Band. Pr s. Taylor and esaort. Territorial, County and Gty Mayors and City Councils from various places, and Invited guests. Repnsentatives of the press. Salt Lake City fire bigade. Band. Relief Societies with banners. Bind, Sabbath Schools with banners. Band. Mutual Improvement and Retrenchment Societies ithbauners. Band. Seventies, High Priests, Elders. Bishops and the lesrer Priesthood ofli-ce- rs, s, 4 Judge Elias Smith andCol. McKean for Salt and Beacons; Mrs. M. Isabella Home, Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, Mrs. Bath sheba W. Smith, Mrs. Hannah T. King, Mrs, Matilda M. Barratt, Mrs. Elza-bet- h Howard for Belief Societies; Messrs. Junius F. Wells, Jrseph II. Felt, George C. Lambert, John W. Taylor, R. 11. Badger, M. H. Hardy, Young Men's Improvement Associations; Mrs. Loute Felt and Clara Com ad, for Young r knew that you are my friends, and ciple. that you are the friends of the Most High God; and I pray that I may ever be worthy of your confidence and esteem, and be the friend of the Lord. I will not detain you; but in the fulness of my heart I say, God bless you forever; and again thank you for this expression of your kindness and love." Gen. Wells entered the carriage with Prep. Taylor, the most spirited music was played by the bands in attendance, and the cortege started for the city at a fast trot On East Temple Street were formed in order the Relief Socio-tieSunday Schools, Improvement Associa-- t ions Hiah. tr r " Priests.i Seven ties. Rider.j Blshonp. Brithe Fire Priests, Teachers, Deacons, City in Scandinavian and German gade uniform, citizens besides a vast concourse of people, on the streets,and filling the porches and balconies, and standing on the roofs. Stores were doted and hundreds of flags, banners, and streamers, with appropriate mottoes and sentiments fluttered in the breeze, giving enthusiasm to the populace. It was an immense gathering; never was there such a day in Israel. Over three hundred carriages were in the procession, besides the long line of people on foot. They pro. ceedeJ to the large Tabernacle, which was soon filled in every part with people,and many thousands could not gain admittance. A magnificent light, never to be forgotten by those who were preeent, Seven band of music Were seated in tbe choir; banners, flags and mottoes were ar- Men's and Young Ladies'Tmprovement Asso eiations, with several bands of music and a long train of carriages containing ladies and gentlemen, followed by 'a ompany of horsemen,, The cortege proceeded to Gtn. Burton's farm, where Gen. Wells had spent the night after his release from imprisonment. Arriving at Gen. Burtou's, Gen. Well was geeted by the party in the following Assistant Committees: C. brethren, or a single particle of that confidence which is reposed in me by the people of God, through violating the sacred and holy covenants we have entered into, I could not aflord. That would indeed be a source of sorrow and regret, not only through time but for all eternity. My treatment at the hands of the United States officers during my imprisonment has been civil and courteous. I feel happy and well, and am rejoiced to meet you, though I did riot expect any such demonstration as this. I thank you heartily; but not, however, so much for myself as the o'clock a. m, the carriages to convey Pres. John Taylor and escort were drawn up in the vicinity of the President's office, and started out to receive Gen. Wells. First was the Tenth Ward Brass Band in uniform, in a large e drawn by four spanking grey horses. Next came a carriage with the Committee, then a barouche drawn by four white horaes, containing Pres. John Taylor, Msyor F. Little, Bishop Edward Hunter, Vrts Acgus M. Cannon. Next, carriages with Elders C C. Rich, Loreuza Snow, F. D. Richaids, Joseph F. Smith and Albert Carrington of the Apostles. After thesje, carriages with the Mayors and City Councils of this and ten other municipalities, Territorial and County officers, re. presentatives of the press, the various quorums of the Priesthood, Relief Societies, YouDg At j llECEPTION blVEN TO GEN. D. II. WELLS.- but to forfeit my fellowship with you, my Co. regular advertisers. Exponent OfDqje, Lower West Room of tbe Council Business hours House, South Temple Sticet. from 10 a.m. to 5ip.m. every day except Sunday. Address all basinets communications to SALT LyVKE CITY, MAY with banners. Band. Scandinavian and German citizens with banners. Band.-- General citizens on foot and on horseback. The trains from the North and tjie South brought a laage number of leading citizens and people from the counties adjacent to Salt Lake Q -- EN. D. II. WELLS. "I will simply say that I should feel exceedingly sorry for myself if I felt for a single that any cf my friends supposed, or could entertain the idea, that I could do otherwise3 than 1 have done. I would be sorry for myself to feel, or to even think for a moment, mo-me- nt, that I could swerve from my integiity to the covenant which I have had the privilege, yes, the inestimable privilege, of making with my God. I can well afford to sutler bonds, fines and Imprisonment, and even death if necessary which by the way has no terrors for me -- ranged around tbe galleryj and when Gen. Wells appeared upon the stand the cheers were banners and streamers moving, added to the general enthusiasm, which for a few moments was unrestrained. After inspiring music by the several bands, the congregation was called to order by Pres. Taylor, and Elder F. D. Richards offered up, in behalf of All assembled, a most eloquent, Inspiring and fignificant prayer, dedicating the meeting and all assembled there to the Lord. Closed by saying, May the doings of this day be sanctified to the good of many people; and we ascribe all honor, praise and power to Thee O God now and the nauie of Jesm Christ, our Redeemer. Amen. for-ever- ,in BRIEF SPEECH DELIVERED BY COUNSELOR D II. WELLS. My Friends, my Brethren, my Sisters and Fellow Citizens; I sincerely thank you for this demonstration' of your love, sympathy and respect: probably this is a demonstration of such a character as never was seen before. No words can express the indignation and re- -' sentment which burns within our bosoms, unutterable! Has it come to this that in free America a man cannot keep his covenant with his God, nor worship him in accordance with the dlctatfs of hU own nnnsfienre without suffering the penalties of bonds, fines, imprisonment and death? Oh tell it not in 