WOMAN' S .... " EXOKBOYa ' NE tH B-X- PO JAMB8 A young lady just returned from boarding-school, being asked at table if she would take more, replied, "By no means, 1 was now long after noon, and I saw in if It'was r madam) gastronomical iatiety a field an Eton gamo of bufc me that I have arrived at the les3 dash than with with fbot-rba- ll. spirit, played 1 had been led ip' expect , At another time, how ever, thera may havo been more. Apart from thufcum could "not have been distinguished from the same number of Yankee boys, of like condition in life, .engaged In the same t sport. I also met a large party of ,oldh bbys, as they came up, in" their uniforms, from a crlcfcet match ; , A lathier lot of young fellows I never saw. Not that they were deglutition iEaculapius." ; either weak looking or unhealthy; but they, were pot at all what the writings o! English critics had led me to expect. ; Not one was robust." only one had color, and . t wentyHthepaleand' slendejv. Thb'fult dress Etoncbstume is" a Jridicu-- I lousjdne."vfir4f a sho?t jacket or round-- shirt about, with a very" broad turn-ove- r collar and a chimney.pot hat The combi. nation is grotesque) and it is made more so. by the solmnlty.of most bfthe young chaps when they have it'on. 'Hunger drove me and my young companion Into a restaurant, and I shall never forget the looks of ,a little sil ting, Eton prig who entered as we-erand took a place over against us, He kept on h is prepqs terous hat, gave his order as if It were for his own capital execution, and ate his cakes and drank his chocolate as if that event were to take place at the conclusion of his repast October Atlantic. e " - 4 .. . f v.. 4 r ' ultimate of consistent with the code of . . mmm celebr&ted lift ihd force pukps. PniH Repaired on ahort notice. . A counts y , woman stopped some ten minutes in front of a store inf Springfield fo t gaze at a patenf fly trap in operation, which was protty well filled, and after studying the placard, $2, intently, moved on, after piping out, to the great amusement of the bystanders: "Tew dollars! I wouldn't give tew cents for all the flies in Springfield.- "An ojd Scotch lady, who had no relish was expressing for modern church-musiher dislike for the sinsrinsr of an anthem in her own church one day, when a neighbor saidi "Why," that is an old anthem. David sane that anthem ;to Saul." To urn tne old lady replied," 'Weel, weel, I noo for the first time understand why Saul threw his javelin at David when" the lad sang for : , ' ' him." :. ' .. . ladies Pintle in laAUa and IVlUbn SbUffil. NllW Flannels, New Style tles In Stripe and Check Ores, in Lraeeys. Pine White Chock Waterpcnt fj, N-- w rttjles Grey-Yarn 2 n 3 ply fur Ladles nJ Baby Rlu. and Flnneli Pi.tit batu. wh1t. kd v ' ut buu it Twill KediWhtt a d G.ey F'anneL,r Wool lTUOKt uruMiefct wuu uiuer uuuiq Oeu i Onp, UrOOmSt m in n i k tiu h r , MxdeGcede. vijr , OA Cous lmtion Buiaing, bait' Lake City' for the fall of ROMK-MAD- E 1879 Younfir reapon-sibilltyJresti- Medical Class at her rfsidencein tho Ward, two blocks and a half east ef tht Post Office souihfide of the street, nearly opposite the Presbyteriaa . Church. to attention al 8pec flven Obstetrics, and diseases of '"-'' 'women. '; -- . TO rHEFMDIES....! r ' Skirt Rupportets, HEAIflTCorsets.ShouMer Braces, fc'upporierf.for tale or xaadf o order, by?P. Ev HARPEK, First couth Street ' nearly opposite Theatre. : MfTZlNA a roU vGiagrent for this Territory. Phy sic Ians and Ladles, call and examine. Palace of Fashion, iVb. 17 East Temple Street, DYE Desires tba ladies of Salt. I.ke and those visitinff Conference to call at her show rooms and see her new stock of MILL INERT The latest and mosi sty 1U& modi of in Straw, Felt and Velvet. a Hats a ciue selection in Flowers- Feathers, flushes. Velvet and la the latest shades aud stripes Country dealers, t8 Kib-bo- Z. ni O. JL. X. Wholesale and Retail Deallnf m aU kinds of DRY NOTIONS, GROCERIES HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWAEE, AGRICULTURAL 1 M PLEMNETS, tc. QOOD&, A T TEASDEL'S LaHE 81LT CITY. Special depaitments for Gent's Clothing and Carpets, Ladies and ChildreiLV8bfes, -- Dry Goods, Sbawis aiid. Dumei-tiHardware Grocerks, and, Btovea. a c " o of all CUSES DRIED FfiUITS WANTED, FRENCH HAIR STORE. P D Ladies are requested to call and examine the most complete assortment of Curls, Braids, Switches, Etc at Reduced Prices. AU kinds of Hair Work made up In the meet Artistic style. ?ash paid for Human Hair and CombinesJOSEPHINE GREGORY, 87 Kimball Block. Salt Lako City. H 3 Tor Sale by. Utah Wholesale and JRe-ta- il CO - Grocrs. HAVE lrOU SEEN THE ': 1 WCTflB SBWIFJ& NEy mm. not you should do so at nee, ard examine tbe New IP Idea In ewiosr Machine Coast ruoiion The Sew Ifacbioe is elegant in appearance and admirable m a- d confu-ktion, ruoi very easily and 'w tbooi ny noi attnouirh the rate of Kpel is very hifh lis self hu tle, and abef nee f springs setting aud lMbreadlnff and cites renders It both imple and durable. Be rc to see it, tor lis rencral advantax&i will make you It friend. . u, - ROMAIim B. PRATT, rxnrflicxAn ahd ourgeoij, OFFICEUp stlars, In Old Constitution Bullu'nj.. Residence six blocks cast of Post Office, south Bide of street fpecial ftudy h&a been rlren to Ob6tetr cs, diseases of Women, and DISEASES of the EYE A ND E AH. s-- Victor Sewing Machine Co., Chicago, ill. O. If. KIGG9, Af ent, Malt Lake CltT. H. P. ex&mpie, naa opened her 13th BEST! ng Hua. Genl Banks takes an ardent interest in woman: suffrage. !Ehe General's daughters have both registered, and will , vote," and they are iuuaencing the young women of .Walthira of their aet" to follow their ' Salt Lake City, L1RS; ELLIS R. SHIPP, PHYSICIAN AND SXJROI203V, ..... WOMXKS VOICE. Sisters, we are,called to a noble and great work. Do ;,wtT appreciate the f privileges that are 'given us, by the Almighty, to lead out with our husbands in this great work . of reformation ? Do we. realize the urbnmothers tovardsjLheir to" train Ithelr young and tender children, to mindst. trlgh tousnessi : and peace," that when thpy: comVtoVmaturityJheyr will, not depart frOna it V Let us keep in the path of righteousness, and seek to know the mind and will of our Heayenly Father, and our children, seeing our good worksi'will 'follow in pur footsteps, and be noble sons and daughters in the kingdom of God.. Let us put away all'malirie, envy and pride, for all thcW things separate us from the love . of God,4 which is spread abroad In "our, hearts. As our father Abraham imputed righteousness through , fcith and not the law, let us ' ' go on unto perfection. Ye are the children of light and not of darkness, doing not the things of the world, but seeking "to know the will b God and doing It, for that is the work that Is given us to do in this bur day. The time is fast approaching when Zlon will be fully established "In the tops.of the mountains," and who will be ready. to meet their Lord. Let us bo faithful in all things in the kingdom, that our' joy may be. full, and that we may reign with our OKing, the Savior of the world. S06, please call Ladies' iiair work in all Its branehei. Goo4 work guaranteed. gy I the country promptly responped to. Address, David James, Box - hi tFor the HXPOSSJCX. : BaerOrders from and-Bonne- juM-A7- WHITEST! STRONGEST ' jm -- .M-ckmj- rv Jawe) Tinner, Gas, Water & Steam Fitter admonlsnes s. there was not "a curling' auburn head.among them. ItsawlEtdnt boys .by! scores, and oundtm'neither ruddy nor .plum but llkempst other boys bet ween twelve and, ."' (Successor to Mitchell & NEW FALL STOCII. F. 1UERBACH & BROTHER, 55 EajstTemplb Street, Salt Lake City. Tire of Drvt hundred pioee Tk, Goods, Rm broideries, Ruch-m- r. Five Pair Kid QUve TrlmuiiiW Wles Cm . aid Collar, iW Cartoons ol Ribooua SJili "yUwsry itotk lu the Wesv. Rnd Uor8' Clothln and Furnishing OoSdjEtlJc? -- EC. ID3n5TW"003DElT. FURNITURE SPRING BEDS, WIRE MATTRESSES. t - - Feathers Wall Paper AND .' a o e s. r r i 79 First South Salt Bab y 75, 77 ' ga St., Lak::0ity 