WO MA N'S EXPO N ENT. 233 all know better; though, For tfj BIP052NT. and all eternity, to go down to a drunkard's grave, and their children to bo taunted with his disgraceful name His name might have been remembered for good, if ho had taken the right course. His happy nousenold has been scattered and broken. Disgrace has come where once was peace. joy, love, and comfort. Where is his hap py innocence? The youth takes a glasa, and then follows TRUTH. There is beauty and grace In many a face 'Neath a bonnet tattered and tony There is fragrant perfume In the wild rose blcom, On the summer breezes borne And thoughts, not a fovr, tliat are noble and tru3 In many a bosom untaught ; And hearts there are some, by sorrow bowed down That are studded with gems of thought. No darkness can dim the glisteninar gem That is culled from the depths of the sea; And thus doth truth Bhine with a radiance divine, Though hid in the depths it may be. April I?, 1879. one glass after another, not once thinking what the result will be until he rains him self body and soul, his home and all that makes life pleasant and agreeable. Boys, you know not what dangerous ground you are treading on. If I had a voice like the thunder and as keen as the lightning to pierce every heart to the core I would eay, "touch.not, taste not'for how can men expect to enjoy the SDirlt of God: . a ? ,1 Vfs Kl nnlt r fl Viovm uia i uiKaziuga iu gume sou uirect mem, 11 mey give themselves up to such a debasing habit. Why cannot the boys take warning oeiore it is too late? Not one of the youncr ladies should choose a husband that had contracted auv sucn naDit, or mat would be likely to his name in such a degrading way. Julia SrExcER. Salt Lake City. ANONYMOUS. tor the Ext'OXENi V FACES IN THE FIRE. Memory's i ide is baciivar.J pressing, As I sit before thoflre, In aa eaeychalf-Teellniog- ; And the glowing llamcs rio hiahpr. And within the rosy furnace Faces oome and faces go-Frien- Of ds, companions of my childhood, the long, long time ago. As thpy quickly oome and vanish I remember all full wIl Thr-ris II i tie toddling Alice. And our little rosy Nell. Both arc now above in heaven, But their faces In the Are Seem to beckon my soul onward To a something, nobler, higher. Where all mortals who were faithful In their earthly mission here, Dwell in love and Jight eternal, And no pain or sorrow fear. Yes, my babes, for your swoet sakes I will bear my cross along, And will meet you in "the morning' With a pure and hippy song. Fa.t Lake City, Kr dis-grac- e e rLiQB uo ) BABIES. In reading the daily newspapers and perusing the annals of crime, we find that in. fanticlde, with its kindred evils, is increasing to an alarming extent both in the Old and New World, and until the causes which produce these terrible results are removed I iear there is little hope for a better state of things. O virtue! chastity! thou crowning beauty and glory of woman, why have so many of earth's lair daughters suffered themselves to be robbed of thee? is the toss to be deplored. What Deeply is life without Virtue and honor? When the first step Is taken, who can tell where It will rvu Hum uau io until the victim Is left to commit theworse, most hein. ous and revolting crimes, and the once happy and confiding y0u,ng girl becomes guilty of that which is too dreadful to name . . th f fihfr1rifnr rui muwcui tOlOOU. i Uhf horror of horrors! Only to think that a Mwooi), fFor the Exponent. WHAT I SAW. As I vva3 walking the streets one day I saw a sight, a striking was It a F03r sight! old man Hooped and gray. But oh! what a pitiable looking object! He was so intoxicated that as he walked the sidewalk he swerved from side to along and was it side, all he could do to keep his balance. I expect if his history was known, he is a father and a grandfather, and most was a man likely of influence. Oh! what an example to set before the rising generation! This eighVl shall never forget! As ho seemed to be getting worse there came a buoyant youth, just from his day s work tripping along. He at first past the man to be pitied, then turned suddenly around, and went back to where the man was tottering ready to fall. He kindly of. lered him his arm, but the old man was too far overcome to know what the ed boy wanted of him, so the kind heartboy took the aged hand and put it on his arm, and after h good deal of persuasion he got him to trudge albng with him, most likely to hffl home, yes a most wretched place, with a broken-heart- ed wife and hungry children I shall never forget this kind act of that noble young man. How proud a mother ought to be when her sons try to be kind - strange, that God's creatures cannot learn from such lemons tohere below shun the poison that causes 8 heart t throb wUh 80Troanm hastens loving wives to an Their hearts were full of untimely grav7 pain with ilfe thoughts of one that they had aSd loved, For the Bjcponkxt. -- a. wu.u ovci uecomo so. degraded, so take V of the innocent, moiner, the life helpless creature as to U1 w una orougnt into thf iOC14 inmtro form vn r"::? if anainot xvhZ mUltltudA ... 1JCiPieSSneS3 !... n X,aU condemn? i v"& Should mildest to inink of, and Who. among the . .. ana mu,uu, lnaiernann . Shall fflsf iha flrof DWUO ofnnAo wno "ie out mo" the Savior said. This is is with, indeed 'r- -' v 10 luro mac is capable of sit- - cruelly betrayed and abandoned, when they know nnt th irv-,j .Fi3Juueu of emotions the . . -- b hoof uur i trusting ulo circumstances vxi, which IU1U1 1 desperation. ; V, th.?G exttemo 338 of violence. ?r neglect We ZTJVL,er8 iU.IAUl8lana yang children being b0USe' whi,e Pare e out lsa Hr,r on their return found th Jlslting, i -- ulTdt --"- v.o cases whftrn auu.iue cniiaren Derishd rr,u 6 ' . nna one or two coooov shouid forbear to theory Is much easier than helpless little treasures whom God has entrusted to her Care. Ohflff run nv-- 1 rrt nnrl n comfort and a blessing. What can exceed the joy - of the Iionorahu Wff .k ?hn QUO iruu TTUblA. takei her, new-bor- n babe in her arms? Her whole heart trees out in th and she feels amply repaid for all her anf-m,, "uy lUKjreswaiy she watchtt every movement, through thn its nfncy; how eagerly she listens for the first e ui r?rr.i word from its llrw. fho Ts and we j ftDd untiI ther lBcraso to almost incea.iBf, . "jrvU1Ug sweeter, dearer 5?.ore I.nttr- esting or lovable thn . true mother will anmr would exchanea , vit. v-- , th(m? ' " "n'c.n T0 no! 0 conn. thfir '.,na"ca"7 as to all general rules; there aro enm WDCeS,U 031150 t0 , Yield lUD thif?nS munity this Then let that they a ",",'a ifn' willV a'tedT '""'y. xnus our woaUrf TrtL will certainly proverbial aVeraion .ur oom- DetreeD' ""s anTthe kingdom of God whm .'"' k"" ,. . '.eMln?3 the DaD10! St. George. KatE. BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY. The evening of Wednesday i "J! ee&n viTedTo J woman v? 1 hale' heart' y?nnff e'r'3 WaS seventy years of age! bj? fine-lookin- g K'e. L of the family surprising ed in the gentaliyme3 tAP,,dt-ne- r Vnum- was given in the Tfternonn erous presents affection bestowed evening wjw naao convemtion.' rendered oue or ofsistr T1 8moo,VO 6 - ine and W2TS These OCCaalnna stranger to ourCu'stoms 1 . wun aston- iahment. and hia hno PUr sentiment felt and exhibited mous ls ? "oble good wdLrii1! ute, -- Inourt VHSjiWb. ' FrankHaCountVrve womfln tn ,w Kft 4MO uuiue oi SUSA. have elected daughtir' orl8 Leaven, of Berkghire is former ?n ',havlne asaistol her father a grea? SSLW.11 oAlee, she i, entlrelv ,J Mrs. Pos oToeorg b t tZ wWow of the clerk i3.we" IMlifled to fill thenffll ok " treasurer. al3. The Rando.nh was visited by nulte a nmh";;":-JBe".Diea In attend. "ance nnn ad 7o"nS 81 there, and theemTfinterested in the -- encooha reTy I maintain that a hats, Uve .:"l8O.0ner was their pres-? men took oS thel-th- Xi; e d 