WOMA N ' 8 EXPO NE N T. 82 its cannot but seem to be a mere farce; but MANNERS. GOOD those who number several hundred families I on the Ir list, a ppreciate all g especially if they entertain fretime-savin- JiY BLANCHE BEECIIWOOD. quently; and consequently they have to ap' preciate fullyjthe observances that enable We have not finished our talk about cards them to keepnujrTac with a circle too large for friendly that one point, giving Mrs. Ward as authority. Our young people should make themselves familiar with correct obser vances, and there is very little danger of any of them being over nice or particular, and after all it is better to be too particular than not sufficiently so. This is termed by many the age of bad manners; then it is the duty of those persons who write, or talk in public, to use their influence to have it otherwise, to impress upon the young the necessity of good mariners, and seek to inspire in all a desire to improve in this respect. "A mooted point is in reference to the writing of 'P. P. and R S. V. P.' affirm is that it incorrect to use capi- Many tais, asKing now me sentence would look if it were written out in full: Pour Prendre Conge!' Repliquiz S'il Vous Plait!' Since the time of the Romans capital letters have been used in writing or printing all abbreviated, sentences; as for instance P. M. for past meridian, and A. M. for ante meridian Writing R. s. v. p. and P. p. c. seems to be an American innovation, and rather a finical one, with the Roman custom in mind. A lawyer of widespread reputation was once cited as authority for writing c, but the one who advocated the use pp. of capitals asserted that she had more in his legal ability than as an authority in social observances; especially in administering a reproof to a lady who had P. P. C. on her card (which he tore up with ng-" "A lady receiving does not dress elaborately as for dinner. "The lady of the house rises when visitors enter, who advance to . pay their respects to her before speaking to any others. A well-breperson pays equal attention td all her callers. It is allowable to pay extra attention to persons of distinguished rank, to strangers, to age, or worldwide reputation. Attention to the aged is one of the marks of good breeding" which Is never neglected by the" thoughtful and refined. Ladies and gentlemen are privileged to speak to each other, who meet in the drawing-rooof a common friend, without any introduction; though gentlemen generally prefer to ask for introductions. When introduced to any one, bow slightly and enter at once into conversag tion. It is a great want of d C con-fiden- m good-breedin- not to do so. the remark that he had expected better things of her), he had shownt more of the judge than the gentleman. Among intimate friends informal calls, made out of the conventional hours, are the most agreeable, Hours on which morning calls are made vary in different cities. Where lunch is served at one o'clock and dinner at six or seven, the calling hours are from two to five. Where early dinners are the custom, from one to four are the usual hours, and in some towns from twelve to three; but a formal call should not be made before noon in any place. It Is easy to ascertain the customs of a city before calling. Two persona out of one familyJ or at the most three persons, can make calls together. Ladies in making calls in cities dress with much more elegance than for walking or for shopping. When there is any degree of Intimacy, or a long acquaintance, the early morning call in morning dress Is preferable. "Some ladies in cities are at Home' to their most Intimate friends at all hours, who are never at home to mero acquaint- ' AJittle more about calls will suffice. All cards of invitation require answers, except those for kettle-drumA kettle drum sigr nifies a light entertainment, to which ladies and gentlemen can come and go in calling costume, not generally remaining over the half hour allotted for the extreme length of a morning call. Of course such an Invitation does not absolutely require any answer, nor any cards left afterwards by those who are present. In an event of exchange of calls between two ladies, without meeting, who are not known to each other by sight, they should upon the first opportunity; make themselves known to each other. The younger should seek the elder, or the one who has been the recipient of the first attention showo introduce herself, or seek an introduction. Many unpleasant mistakes aro made by persons on account of their Ignorance of social customs, and these mistakesprove the necessity of a better understanding of these things. "Untrained characters are not willing to submit to rules. They maintain that good breeding is a gift and comes by nature, like poetry, never seeming to fncy that dukes, or earls, or "exclusive old families," have anything to contend with in the vay of keeping out of sight those, proclivities which Darwin maintains are inherited by all human bed ings from their ancestor, and when which, indulged in, makelnen clowns, and boors, and snobs, no matter what their rank in life. A man's happiness depends on his manners and conduct." A great deal is said aboutthe decayvof fine manners; in fact, it is a matter of universal comment. The journals of both America and England teem with the subject. But what shall be the remedy? What suggestions can be made should be, and whatever influence the pen, the press, or the platform, njay have, should bo used in this direction combined with other noble work, that all may harmonize, or that a certain propiiety or justness ' of proportion or things may be maintained. The lack ot a just relation between the manners of peo-pitowards each other makes discord, or ; causes impropriety; There are many nice distinctions that can scarcely bo and yet they may te understoodexpressed, by? those who possess fine manners perfectly, yet others, perchance, may think them uncalled for; they are not perhaps essential to life, but they are to the true happiness of an ele s. ce ances In calling hours, for the reason that they know in making formal calls ladles do not expect or wish to be admitted. This fact has caused many to look more than they formerly did upon theleniently French mode of leaving cards, without if the ladles are at home, when theinquiring call is one of pure ceremony. For fear of giving of-fence, It is better for the young, and for those who have the time to spare, to make the inquiry; but elderly persons, and those whose days are not long enough for them, on account of the engrossing nature of their . occupation, should always be excused when they prefer to make their cards Ferye as substitutes for themselves after an of calls. : exchange "To ladles whose circle of visiting acquaintances is small, such ceremonious vis visiti- foUr-foote- : " e ,A : - vated mind. Culture in an expressed broad sense is perhaps the only cure. Largely this reform, if it ever, comes, is and must be the work of women, and especially the work of mothers. Young or middle-agepersons of fine manners never comport themselves to elderly people as they do to those of their own age, neither does a gentleman address himself to one ot the opposite sex as he would to one of his own. There is a subtle Instinct in these matters that should be recognized and ingratiated into the life and character which tends to elevate, and would in a short time lift much above its present level. It is the ignoring of these fine points that has brought things to their present condition. And the results. are that many of the young show no more respect for people of the aged than they do for those of their own age. In this connection much might be said, but for this time we will only add that some of the young people have become so indifferent in their manner towards their friends and thoso whom they should respect, even though they may be under obligations to them, that often in return for a bow, or a cheery "good morning" they only recognize- - one with a slight movement of the chin and elevating the eyelid?. This needs no other comment, it shows for itself the want of that fine let-ing which lifts one towards fine mannois d l so-ci- ety to-da- y I THE WOMAN'S CONGRESS. Only small reports have reached us of the doings of the Women's Congress at Madison, Wisconsin. The President, Mrs. Kate Newell Doggett, gave a sharp criticiMu of the laws which afflict wives. Dr. Mary Putnam Jacob! discussed the "Physical basis of Mind." Sarah Conant Ostrom read a plea for the healthful training of children. A bby W. May spoktLfor woman on , School Boards, with their experience in Massachusetts. Mrs. Ann Mitchell Macy urged the need of plenty of good books for children. Mrs. Rebecca N. Hazard'? paperrecom-mende- d all girls to master seme industry by which they could earn a living. Mrs. Kate Gannet Wells told of the industries already utilized by women. - Mrsr Martha N. McKay and Dr. Julia Holmes Smith spoke to encourage women, especially Southern women to be willing to work fur pay-Thu- s it appears that useful practical top- ics were chosen by this body of womeD. We shall have further report hereafter. Woman's Journal. L. S. Peematubb Women. When girls midway in their teens throw off their natural habits and attire, don long skirts, shoot up the hair, and affect the airs and dre33 of young women, they, would oftenA be sur- prised to know what their elders really l One such think of missweht to. (he depot recently to meetao aged friend of "the family, and was surprised Jo find herself not recognized on greeting the visitor as she stepped; from the car. "Don't yotKknow me, auntie?" "Why, this isn't Maris It?" "Certainly; don't you think I look better than I did last when you,wero here?" ;,'o," replied the honest soulVlooking the girl over; "to the-improvemen- ts., sum-me- r tell the truth, I don't,- Go. homo and let down your haif, and bo young vWhile you can, for it wilP not1 be many" years before you will beTgla'd enough to have people take you for a'; girirrrSpringfleld Republi can. - 