M WQ V 114 IC S. REPORTS The General Retrenchment ? Meeting Ward Fourteenth Assembly the held in Rooms, Saturday, Dec. J, 1878, was spirited, and interesting. Coun. B. W. Smith Minutes of the Junior and Juvenile Associations Iwere read, which showed a growing interest in the Gospel among (he children and young women of ZionrMrs. B. W. Sirlth made opening remarks referring to the pamphlets which the sisters had published of the proceedings Vof the Mass Meeting at the Theatre; said she believed they would be the means of doing pre-side- d. , opies tb.ix she had relatives where and differentStates would closed She" she friends." by saying to the speakers that they make suggest spirited but short speeches. MLrs. S. M. Hey wood, Mrs. E. B. Taylor, Mrs. Prescinda Kimball, Mrs. M. E. A . Watmough, "Mrs.,' M. A. Freeze and Mrs. Martha Needham each made remarks; the subjects dwelt upon were plural marriage, the training of good abroad. Bhe had mailed ; . children, duties cf mothers, he:jie:edpf faith and prayer, and other things pertainSaint. ing to the life of a Latter-day Almy, Wyoming Teh., Nov, 15, Editor Exponent: 1878. i: Sisters E. R. Snow and E. Davis' visited this plade on Nov. 3d, and at ohe of our meetings on that day they organized a Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Asso ciation at this place. We can truly1' say that our hearts rejoiced to see so mariy step forward to become members of the organization. V. . . We held our first meeting !Nov. 7th, and wo had a good attendance and received 8am e good instructions from Uishop Bbrins and others of the elder brethren and sisters. They advised us to be orderly,f obedient and, united,. andYwe should see the time that we should 'bless the day that Sisters Snow and DUvis;paid us a visit. j Wo number thirty-eigin embers The following are the names of officers: ; 1 ht J are striving to save the human family, both ' temporally and spiritually. There, the great a i m 4s t o d est roy, true there are spin e wh 6 1 are trying to benefit mankind but how puny , is their effort without the true guide, the strong arm, the spirit of God, the priesthood ., on which we lean for support. The Latter-- J day Saints in Europe seem to be more alive than ever to the importance of gathering "home," and all who have the spirit of onr holy religion, are striving with all their might to emancipate themselves and families, though many have very little prospects apparently of being able to do so; yet they will often say, "I have faith that the way will open for us soon' and it id often marvelous to them, how the way will open. I will here relate an incident that come under my notice, a young girl left her par ents in the spring of the present year, to join her brother who hrfd previously come to Utah. I saw her mother some weeks afterwards, she had just received a letter from her daughter,, written after her arrival here; after telling her of the bright her, she ured her parents to come if possible, at any sacrifice; she told them there was plenty here for all; that they were not afraid to eat all they wanted, for fear the bread would not last, for :When it pros-pecisbefo- was all gone re they could soon mate 'more, neither were they afraid., the butter would not last the week out, for when that was all gone they could go to work and chtirn more, for there was always plenty. The parents then had very little prospect of com. ing, but they had faith, and at last a kind friend was raised np for them, and they came with the last company this year, and are made happy with., their children and with the people of God, Imagine the con-- " trast ! com pare this state of thingsif' you cany with the poverty and distress that is in the world; and thiols the Ieat imphrtaut part of It; there it is comparatively, ftho blind lead ing the blihd, they thiqk tley are doing all that is required of thpm flien they attend their popular meetfng priced a week, and confess 'that they 'are' "in'Jsera'Ble. sinners. How much' they are.tp be. piaqd; anu now very mucn nave we, ip,pe tnaiiKj ful for, the Gospel htiVje"h7us,,tnat;flii,ai the world knows npf of, d.&at 'nolhirig but our own actionscan rbhs ,.'df,. 'then ought we not to rejolceT We bite h. think we are tried, and sp We are for, pur own 1 1- - : Mary Ann Ileriery, Pjesideiitj 1 v Mary Jane Ball, ) Counselors, libeth Bruce, Mary Brown, Secretary. 1 . Very respectfully, Mary Bkown, Sec'y. CORRESPONDENCE, Salt Lake City, AN'S EXPONENT, Dec. 11th. 1878. Editor Exponent: I feel that I should be omilting( 'a sacred duty If I were not to bear my humble testi- mony, through your Valuable paper, to the good times we are, enjoying here in Utah, compared with the5 poverty and 'distress now being. endured by the masses In the world. We ahould be truly gratefurfor the bless. ingsWe enjoy,1 'that we are hereV.where cur. selves and children are free to' enjoy the blessings of life, and where allcan at least have plenty of food to eat, afi raiment to wear, and 'where when ye have become aged and notable to earn our own1 'livelihood; there is something better than a paupers a Walts us. ' home, or a paupers-grav- o 1 have lately returned from a visit to my native land, England; where I can "truly cay; I have witnessed more ' poverty, distress and drunkenness, In" one ushbrt year than I had ever imagined fV the quarter of a century I had previously spent in Utah. What a contrast I here the servants of God ' purification, hence Ve.are tlie Ones " ' lieneflt-ed- . . Sisters, you wha have friends and relatives in the church in the "Old Country," who desire to come, and have not got the means help them, if you can; do riot forget those lelt behind. I will promise yoli that all, such Remembrances will be appreciated.. I did not have the privilege of rriingliug with the .saints in "England as much as I should have chosen; I know that visitors create expense, and as the saints therep mostly poor, I felt that it would bp wiSdonA for me to abstain to a certain extent from visiting them, knowing that in. the fulness of their hearts,and generous hospitality ju, thelr, desiring to entertain rue, a sister from Utah,' thejymight be led to impoverish .themselves for; the time, being, hence I called on them them to have ' faUrvtrlat jyteyf mjght'be privileged sopn.tp gitHeritli the saints in Zion, : Many are looking 'forward to the time when they" can do so,' but it is only the poor, thoSe'whO have means are afraid they willmot bo as well off here us there, but the 4poor and meek' are to inherit the Kingdom. Hoping to he one of the number, I occasipnajly-nlj.ericbufag- ed " remain, &c. ff E, Bull. PRACTICAL EDUCATION FOR GIRLS. i - ' ' - i . V With a jsotfnder education our girls are finding a more vigorous life. They are beginning to get a glimpso of what work means, of the sweetness, the elevation, the dignity it adds to existence. There will not b work enough in the world for women when they once discover what a key it is to worlds unknown, what it holds for them of expansion) of enjoyment, what an arena it will spread out before them. The reign of the dirty, and dishonest cooks is short; they may make the most of their present chance; -- the jjeculations and dishonest work of a class of dressmakers will shortly come to an end, for the bright girls of the present generation will not stand it when they feel the ability and know how to mendiL Some or the prettiest girls belonging to the best families have shown what they. can do during the past summer in the interior1 of Maine, in tho mountains of Pennsylvania and the nooks of the Catskill. A majority of them have prepared their own wardrobes; some have taken it upon themselves to fish and " forage'' for the"shanty" arid others have done the cooking. Cooking clubs will undoubtedly be a rage this winter, and lunches at which the food is prepared by the you ng hostess;, assisted more or less by her guests. Those however, are recreations; the solid part of it is that girls are beginning, to put their faculties to some use; that, instead of dawdling over fancy work, they are beginning to make their own dresses; instead of flaunting in the 8treet,: preDariug fiimsy finery, they are paintingcirving1, Improving and in some decorating their homes, and instances putting themselves seriously to the task of teaching younger brothers and sisters. All this is so good that one can will become more general. only hope-i- t Practical work ought to enter so much more than it does into education,' it is so healthful, so necessary to full development, it teachesto much more than 'can be taught by text Books and. abstract methods. What our girls learn experlrnenfally they never forget. But what has all this to do with fashion? More than we think. It is to this change we owe the spirit in which the costume has been received; the sensible dresses seen at even the most fashionable resorts in the mountains, of plain wool,short and simply made and trimmed. It has even affected the more frivolous, resorts; has induced stylish belles to replace their trailing silk robes with comparatively short dresses of inexpensive organ-dy- , barege and dofted muslin, and will relieve many a struggling despondent man of a burden daily becoming more and more difficult to be boVne. Nor have: the girls lost anything. Certaiuly they aro handsomer in their fresh useful dresses than they ever were before. Jenny June. . . sea-sid- e Tho AmericariTll0me. the magician, is dead, T, English steel pens are almoii 'entirely Heller, . -- made by women. , Bishop Simpson has been made president of Drew Theological Seminary, N. J. In the printing offices of New ""York City over 1,500 women and, girls' are employed, Tn e Jews leel the effect of the movement for women, anoV will bring their mothers and female members from their accustomed seat behind the rail and out of sight, to sit in tho pews' with xrien Ex. 