WO TO,.) intemperance, corruptions In office, and the eradication of the social evil, can and 'will only be accomplished by and through the Influence of woman, and men wbo view vi oman in her true light and the noble sphtre Gcd has designed her to occupy. The minutes of a mass meeting held by our women last fall, wi th the bold and fearless statements there made and the testimonies given, have aided me very much in my labors this summer. The idea tbatVwe practice polygamy only for selfish gratiflcatlou I am happy to say baV forever exploded la the minds of many with v.hom I have cdnversed. I notice wherever I go in this dominion the young ladies are very numerous, and in watching the young folks out walking, I am surprised to see the girls generally foim companies of two or three, or groups, to the exclusion of the yimng men. Now; having tome tlfght knowledge of human nature, I was surprised at witnessing this. On inquiry of obe of my cousin's, residing in YValtertbn, Bruce Co., I was informed that most of the youjg mea'u characters are usually m .tainted that honorable girls will not be teen iu their company, My tousin U raising a family of eight children, chiefly boys, but neither he nor his wife can fuly sense the danger that exists darkness around tbem. the minds of the people. . To-da- cen y . .., With a hope that success may crown your every ffor to emancipate woman and assist in bringing ber up to her prupt-- r staudaid and sphere, is 4 he desire of your brother iu the r J cause of regeneration, W. H. S. " . GOOD MANNERS. BY 'BLANCHE BEECH WOOD. In this chapter I purpose entering more fully into details, and give some of the established rules and regulations in society at the present day, All of us who have kind hearts and generous Impulses desire to be sufficiently acquainted with the forma of social etiquette to ensure the respect of those with whom we associate by maintaining our own. I know that it is customary among ladies to like a little gossip about other people's affairs, and from this very source, much evil springs, and we all profess to despise it, yet it really seems to render a person for the time attractive, but upon mature thought, instead of winning friends it causes people to draw very disadvantageous conclusions in regard to those who carry scandal. This is one of the evils which should be discarded by us as a people, and discountenanced, that it may not be incorporated in the characters of our children. Moat'persons whose opinion is worth have sufficient good, sound common sense and penetration to, see through theimsy veil of the envious, "or thex slanderer I;i3 "aid7by those who nave the best opportunities for obsefvingi that this is tho age of scandal; that there never was a time when newspapers and journalists pandered to a low and vitiated - taste, as at present. It Has ceased to he extraordinary to deliberately defame and Wktcoik' sautt the, reputation of those who4 com o ? public. ; The continual recurrence re-gai- dlng . be-iot- (i of and ,tt1?plunts thB we become accustomed susceptibilities; to look upon it with it ;mlght at '' ' v first have seemed.-, m.. Every writer Journalist, editor, author, whateve position In a literary way he or 1 -. M A N' 8 ;, EX PO'N B N T she may occupy as regards the public press, should be care I ul of the privileges extended to them, and have some high and sacred notions of honor and esteem ler their and hostess, you must inquire if the ladies are at home, ahdj not being admitted, leav e cards lor the host and hostess, as well as fellow- -beings. A writer in the Washingtoni'Ilepubli-can- '1 says of a certain class of writers: "It is their office to defame virtue and despoil worth to feed on. the failings of the good, and fatten cn the follies of the weak. Vile themselves without a sentiment of nonor or decency, they cannot wendure to see others respected for traits they do not possess, or beloved for conduct of which they are incapable. Hence they make tho estate of purity the prey of their piracies and the object of their plunder. Nothing is so sacred as to deter them, and no eminence is beyond their attack. Is there a man who stands high in the estimation of tho public, by reason of the excellence of his character and the quality of his endowments, they rest not until They have smirched the one and disparaged the other by the fiendish devices of inuendo and insinuation, which constitute the weapons of the guilty ambush they keep in perpetual reserve for those they daro not openly assail lor fear of popular resentment. Lives there a woman whoso fair fame transcends tho plane of ordinary attainments, because of special attributes, accomplishments und graces, all the precedents of successful calumny and falsehood are ransacked for suggestion of means to depose and humiliate her, without subjecting the authors of tho detraction to tho punishment they deserve." It would be well for us all if we could cultivate that "charity that thinketh no evil." Perhaps if we understood each other other better we should be more careful in speaking of another's weaknesses, or even faults, and ready to make excuses for those whom we now unknowingly condemn. Society can never be in its relations and bearing upon our lives whatsit ought to be, until the love of gossip ia dispelled; and those who wish to elevate its tone and maintain a high standard of excellence should frown it down and refuse to listen to it. Dr. Holland tells us that "the cure for gossip is culture." We shall now review the rules for visits, or ceremonious calls, which Mrs. Ward gives, and trust our readers have sufficient intuition to know what is beat suited to them. "American men are excused from morning calls, because their days are occupied with business as a general rule; but in order that they may bo remembered by those who entertain, their cardr represent them and are left by some member of their respective families, or by some acquaintance When a genlleman is not calling. admitted the first time he calic he leaves his card for tho married lady of the house, one for her husband, both turned down, and 'one folded acress the middle for tho remaining members of the family daughters and sons." Upon subsequent occasions heieaves one cajd s6 folded as to imply it is left' for the family. "After any invitation hry calls; or sends a card; or, if a married man, his wife calls and leaves his card with her own. If one t)f the cards bears their names together, as, 'Mr. and Mrs. this card turned down is left for the lady, if she is not receiving; and one with the husband's name alone is left for the host,., not turned unless he has called in No lady leaves her own person. a card'upon card bearing gentleman, her name with that of norja her husband. If guests are stopping Id the house, cards must ' also bo left upon them; or, if calling upon gtjest?, wheTO you do not know the hrjst . . . 4 for the guests. There are many who of lack of proper evidence people give instruction in their youth, by making use of the house of those who are strangers to them, with as much freedom. and as, little courtesy towards its occupants as if it were a hotel, After an interchange of cards the acquaintance drops, unless followed by an invitation upon one side or the other. When a first invitation is not accepted, and no reason is given for It other than that expressed in the usual form of regret, the invitation ought not to be repeated. Among the people of the highest cultivation it is binding: to show one's up. preciation of a first invitation by. a cordial acceptance, and by allowing nothing that can be controlled to prevent one from going. Still circumstances uiny bo such as to make it impossible, and then an informal note of explanation is courteous." These are what are termed general calls, as also are calls made upon persons on one's visiting list who have , been absent from their homes, either for a long time, or for a limited time, as for the summer. In these cases the younger calls first upon the elder, or where the ages are about the same, those who return first in the autumn call first n those who arrive later, unless there has been some remissness during the previous year, when the one who owes the customary visit after an invitation cails first, without reference to age, or time of return. up-'o- (To be continued.) ESSAY ON FAITH. HEAD AT A MEETING OF THE Y. L. A. As faith is the first principle of the Gospel, it is necessary to inquire what is faith? the Scriptures tell us that "faith isthe as. surance of things hoped for;1 the evidence of things not seen;" for example if I should tell you that by going to a certain place you could obtain a piece of gold or a pearl of great beauty, and consequently you go and find it, you manifest your faith by your works. Thus it is when we obey tho Gospel, certain blessings follow; but if we say we believe and do not obey then is our faith vain. It is like the body without the . spirit, dead. It was this living faith, my young sisters, which caused your fathers and mothers to obey the Gospel, in their native lands, and homes; in the midst of scorn and persecution through faith they left homes and kindred and all they held dear and embarked on the mighty ocean tossed upon the waves and billows for weeks and months, far from the sight oCland seasick and woary, but still trusting In the arm of Jehovah to bring them safely to a haven of rest; and many of them had never known the trials and hardships of life',' leaving weeping friends distracted with 'grief, who had not faith, and did not understand the purposes of God. Through faith they traveled across the plains with tho slow still more wearisome travel of oxen-b- ut' wearisome traveled with handcarts; think of it my young sisters: your, fathers ami mothers traveling over a thouspcl miles with their rations and drawing a hand-cart- , bedding, cooking utensils, clothing an etc, many of them with little children; fording rivers up to thir Waists and ' toiling through miles of heavy sand,' ami .yet by the camp-fir- e at night their songs of praise to resounded God, for the principles of faith were planted In their bosoms; they had an 