WQ U AN ' S E XP Anson Call made a few remarks, in which he highly commended the manner of conducting the meeting, unitlng.togetber men and women. Said it was the first, meetings he had attended where women had been allowed to have equal privileges and rights. Pres. dark and other ladies made very good and suitable remarks; also Mrs. E: 8. Taylor and Mrs. E. B. Wells of 7 Salt Lake Lake City. On Monday evening, Juno 16, the drama "Two orphans" will be performed in the Salt Lake Theatre, by a company composed of amateurs ani professionals, who have kind Jy consented to take part on this occasion in consideration; of its being a complimentary benefit to Mies Aeenath A. Adams, a favorite upon the Bait Lake stage in former days, and who is here now on a visit. The lady amateurs who areto fake part are Mi33 Keetie Hey wood, Miss Annie .Wells; the gentlemen , Messrs. L A. Cummings, O. F. Whitney, J. D White, Jehn D. Spencer, Hebe M. Wells,Frank D. Kimball, H. G. Whitney, J. McCurdy and J. Hill. Miss Adams will enact Louise, Mrs. Dalla Henriette; Mrs. Harris, Marianne; Eiith Clawson, Florette; and little Maud Adams, the little market girl. Besides these, W. T. Harris will enact the character of La Frochard, the Old beggar woman, and Messrs. Olsen, Evans and Riser, of the theatrical com- pany, will appear. .Rehearsals and other preparations are being made to Insure success. We cannot but think, knowing so well the ability and tact of these amateurs and the talent of the professionals, that the performance will be a decided success, and as the amateurs, or most of them are numbered among our relatives and ' particular friends, we most heartily wish it, also for the sake of Miss Adams,in whose honor the benefit is politely tendered. - : . Cum-ming- s, The sisters who are active in organizing 1 societies among the Latter day Saint women and children have been busily engaged of late in visiting In wards and settlements, and encouraging tbe people to improve in wisdom and knowledge and grow in grace. Sisters E. R. Snow and M. I. Home left this city Wed14, and made rather an extended nesday, May tour, visiting the principal places In Juab, Sanpete and Sevier Counties?. At Nephi they held a special meeting, and organized a Silk Association in Juab Stake. At Fountain Green they were met by Sister Mary Ann Hjdeof Spring City, Pre?, of R. S. of Sanpete HUke, who traveled with them through that c wnty. They aTso organized a Silk Association iu that Stake. Sister Anna Irons also joined their party at Mororii. All these ladies are efficient workers In the good cause of progression and improvement, and no doubt they have been the means of doing great good, in stimulating and inspiring to good works these who. are more remote from the centre Stako of Zion. The ladles reached RlchfieM in time to attend the Stake Conference, and there, under the auspices of Fres. Spencer, they effected a Relief Society and Y. L. M. I. A, organization for Sevier Slake. In ali.tbey hed twenty-eig- ht meetings, all well attended." Eight Primary Associations were organized, and the Association at Pleasant Grovo re organized. , Old Folks Ea'CUksion:- - On Tuesday, June 24th there i3 to be an excursion "far the old people of this city from 70 years old and upwards. The place of destination this time is American Fork. An invitation is extended to all, and the BishoDa and Presidenffi of .nifAr - will se that inthyretpeetive cjiii wards no one la without passed by receiving an invitation. We hope and trust that all things maybe propitious and that it may be an erjnyablo timo'for the Q NEN T . participators. It is certainly commendable in those who were instrumental in introducing this custom. To give enjoyment, recreation and pleasure to the-aged,-i- pleasing to God and to all good peopleT- A . holiday witti a ride on the cars, music, and other sources of entertainment must be a relief from the monotony of e very-dalife to those who cannot engage in active pursuits and must necessarily be lonely and to many the days drag wearily along. Give honor to the aged and infirm, and reverence those whose;.days of usefulness are nearly at an end, lighten their hearts as much as possible. May the day's enjoyment exceed the anticipation of all those for whom the excursion was given. ON the m6rning of April 30, In company with Sister Eliza R. Snow we left this city intending to visit Malad Valley. The 'same afternoon we attended quite a large meeting of the Relief Society in Brigham Ctty. We learned from the sisters there that the children of the Primary Association have a full lot planted with white beans, which they expect to store up. Mrs. Mary Stark of that place is skilled in the art of making artificial flowers, and teaches classes; if there are any "young ladies, desirous of promoting this beautiful department of home industry, they should take lessons from Mrs. Stark, who understands the business thoroughly, and takes pleasure in teaching it. May Day morning, with Sisters E. R. Snow and H. A. Snow ye proceeded on our way by train to Hampton Station. At ' the station-E- l der J arvis Mansfield met our party with a carriage and as there was another carriage load of ladies from Brigham City, it made quite a large and pleasant party. Just after leaving Hampton Station the road makes a narrow cut around a corner of the mountain ...... termed a dug way, and just below lies a small green vale where a farm has been made and house built weary, travelers may find quite alone where ' s y oft-tim- es -- ... food and rest.1 We soon pissed over Bear River, and drove d could gain admittancendSister Elizaorgan-ize- d the Primary Association. Emma Halford was elected President, Jane .Hall and Emma Landon, Counselors, Miss Matilda Gibbs Secretary, and Miss Almlra Hall Treasurer. Fi.'ty-ni- ne children were then sustained as members. Another general meeting was held in the afternoon, all were well attended; our party while there were kindly entertained at the Bishop's and Elder John D. Glbbsl On Saturday morning the two carriage loads of us wended our way towards Malad. The day was ajorycold 6ne,consequently we could not admire the scenery, the wind was very high, and altogether the morning ride was a very unpleasant one.. However Brother Mansfield polntedout all the principal points of interest and showed u.tbe landmark that divided the Terrltoi f ts o Utah and Idaho. We stopped at Samaria no 1 ;dlned at Mrs. Evans, and although we were unexpected guests, the excellent dinner of chicken, vegetable?, hot biscuit and other luxuries was hastily prepared and served, of which wo ; all partook with a good relish after the cold ride, and we.were very soon again .on our way; reached Malad about two o'clock and were met anwe&Gined by Bishop Dunford The Relief Society con-- ference commenced at three- - o'clock in i the meeting-hous- e, which had been very beautifully decorated for the occasion wltir evergreens, and with artifical flojrers, made by the sisters; it looked quite refreshing after our long cold ride. Many brethren and sisters Were present from other settlements; and .tho meetings were crowded. Thecanference continued two days,- - Butfaay evening the Relief Society of Malad was reorganized. , Mrp. Ann Sawyer was elected President, Jane William and Esther Lusk Counselors, Elizabeth W. Jenkins, Secretary anq Anna E. Thomas, Treasurer; On . Monday, morning, accompanied by Bishop Danford and others, from Malad, our party visited St. Joha'js and held meeting at 1Q o'clcfck, intheschoo!-house,an- d "Sister Eliza organized the children in a Primary Association. Hannah James was elected President, Emily Kent and Ann C, Jonea Counselors, Mary Ana Dudley Secretary, David C Jones, Assistant Secretary, Elizabeth Demings, Treasurer. TWenty-8i- x childrer4 wore enrolled. Pres. Lewis Lewis has charge of the branch, and manifested great iubciC9b m iuo urgauizuon, ana iniormeaius that in that small eety emen t there: were over 50 children under eight years of age. :; We all returned to Malad and at 4 o'clock held another meeting and ''Sister Eliza" organized the Primary Association, of that place. Mary Jane Evans was elected President, Elvira R63e and Mary Bolingbroke, Counselors, Alice Evans, Secretary, Edward Colton Assistant Secretary, Catharine Prioe, Treasurer.-- , r Tuesday , morning drove over to Samaria, where a meeting was held In the afternoon Ho organize a Primary Association. Amy 8. Davis was elected . PesIdent, Emeline E. Thomas and Mary A. Hughes, Counselors, Rote Crab-treSecretary, John H. Davis Assistant Secretary, George Davis, Treasurer. : In i;be evening there was a general meeting, the house was filled. Samaria is a thriving) town,, and the peopj have the advantage there vof a good supply of water for the land, but the grasshopthick in Malad Valley this year. pers Samaria contains 55 families of Latter-day eainw, including 5UJ persons, and in the last ten years there have been only twelve deaths: three of these died of old age, v. Early, on Wednesday morning our party drove over to Cherry Creek, where .two meetings were held, Relief Society meeting, in the morning,, at. which- - timethef Society was reorganized.under the direction of Bishop Dujl-foi- rd and Prosldent Jqnea, who has charge of the Cherry Creek Branch. Mr?, Sarah J. Dudley .was sustained as President, Mary Jonea and Elizabeth Chivr., Counselors, Sarah A. Jones, Secretary, Emily Reese, Treasurer. ' In the afternoon "SIstfii Eiiza'f . organized 'the Primary Association, Sarah. Ann Jones was : -- . ; 'r e, over such a barren waste of country, scarce and sageanything to be seen but grease-woobrush for some miles; the only attraction being the mountains in the distance. We past through Plymouth, and at East Portage we stopped and took dinner at Brother: Mans- field's, then drove on to West Portage, where Bishop Hosklns and family with trae Western hospitality received us all cordially, A meet ing naa been appointed at 4 o'clock p.m. It was Well attended by brethren and sisters, and an appointment given out to organize aPImary association next morning. According to the uouce given . tne ennaren met together, the Bishop and Counseiorsand as many people as 13 . are-ver- y - -- , J Jones and Margaret Chivers, Counselors, Christopher ,M. Gardner, Secretary Joanna Williams Assistant Secretary, Edwin AVilllaras Treasurer? lfmnm. I mm after the: meelinnr thn nnt wended their way towards Hast Portage: There were peopie irom an the settlements round. Bishops and brethren as well as sisters, ho all seemed delighted with the aisters'meetiDg?. This ride was a very pleasant one, the day was fine and the country looked beanjiful, notwltrVi-standinthe havoc of the grasshoppers. , Large verdant meadoWs, fellow with buttercups; variegated with daiees and rcdbell? and g ' J 