JU - ..,,'.. " - f K 122 -- A havo meeting for spiritual, Improvement once-amon- PA&g ctcij, Dec. 20tb,f 1878. TO" Wen?sl!aN 'of 'ffie members of pur Belief Society met at their Hall, to. enjoy. a picnic party, the object being a surprise to our President, Mrs. asT ; -"Myria'-Henrithey had repared & birth-- c' day present' forherf consisting of a nicely wrought1 inscription on !: card board, 'which ' t 7 7';---:- held in the Theatre it made my heart rejoico to read o'f 'the good and wiso doings of our tried1 sister and believe it will have We kno w V'greaHnflue thai God Is & tho Jhelnr and will reign ': ,j! 'v :"' Ku. 1 ' 'Alice Dickenn,' President " your sisier in tne uospej, E. Steele, r M. .w. -- f .. v Editojj Exponent: After a silencet of eomti considerable ' time, 1 thought I would like to mingle my Sarah Marshall, , J' ou? rvoice once more with the rest of my sisters . Mamie Hoy wood; Secretary;- h ::ia and hear myi testimony to tbfo lading on of ' B. Mary HliYWO0b.'Sec,y. nanas.s, A can 'say for oncthat I have been ' sicknd nigh unto death":and have had 7,'$ jivoii'Ji ctov biff; the Elderstof this Church Hay4helf hands laPfiWEYviLLEjNoy.thj 1878. ion jhy headi and the Lord hs ' made mani-- : ;s4? Editor Exponent:; fest His power. 1 can trdl say that I kno w that this iilheivrork of God,'settirp held.ouiKiid AnnuatmeeSog Aug; .X'1 last days::po more to 'bo- thrown d6wri; and There were esehteqmllrlgham when-- read of the &feat calamitlesf these :Cily President vr last days it: causes me lblrjofcd toithlnk I ; a5pbth;31ar:,Sn6w.andis Shaver had the? rtivilegd ro'f Embracing ihe Abagail Kosehbaumwho' alt gayo us Vgood ti new and everlasting Gospel which-ha"been instructions. Bishop Doyvef and 'hU oun- ' established ahdi to think IThav'o come to selors were present andigave.-wprdof 'en"Zioii to where we can serve tJo, Lord. ' 1 feel the sistefs;;;ehaagood couragement truly thankful to my parents forthlsjfor it. meeting and enjoyed.the Spirit of ;Gpdn A ; through their teachicfrs andcxamDle pariywas giyen benefit ;of, the,', Society, which wweliat-tended,'an- d isli'at; Z am.y herp.;jyI rarpnts j joinedi the . -- Church when I wras but a spirit of sociability prevailed. fijx months old, and . ' our ia.yo,; Qdured r.much7forjtbe;.sakei jof the ;o;hbld meetings pvery Thursday, !xi5;q?Pi; for th thirtyix .years'that they working andspeaklng meetin'gs altenatel3 j We have donated to the Logari;!Tempte $20 va ft.iDeen.i,th:hHrchjiI ha never in quilts and socks; we have ti bushels of fde.them-murmuagainst .any principle, wheat bought with' the proceeds of our : . M ever willing "to pres3 OA or,.the rew;!i I bushels donated by the Sunday eggs,-- and-24 thatawaits tho:faithmi;Ti ti Society; .sundry articles: tiowonlhand worth So, dear sisters, let us put aside ah th; $10. i Number of j that appear as trials, and let us try a ad meetingsheld in one , be asmay 29. one erreat famiiv. for our hcawiiiv Tho Woman's Exponent Is a year, welcome visitor in our meetings. rPather has said "Unless ye are one ye aro , .. none or mine.!7 TJben lej ns lay aside all May.lhe blessings of God attend thb'Re-li- of selfishness Societies is the prayer of your Msters, and bo as one. if we only knew what blessings w'erq .iu. store for air the ;: Mary - i . : faithful When their. worjc on earth is done, Eliza HowAiiDSec'y. ,W0. would hardly have patience to wait for the. time when we shall pass from this vain "SON KANCOUTAU, ;riV; , world. t. JJld uj. V ::':;.vH,!!i .k it.:-jAPec. MayGpd help u3 tp do right and keep His commandments, that we may at last i Editor Exponent i de crowned witfi all ,the ifaithful, is the sind Janu- cere prayer,, of your humble sister in the ary Gospel j0f Christ, : J. G. Jane C Johnson, President, ;i Mary Ann Johnson ) i Counselors. . Ipiovo City. Jan. 8 th voir Louisa Shun way,.'" The Primary Mutual Improvement AssoSecreiaV-- ' "V; ciation of the Fourth Ward was organized Assistant Secretiry. Oct. 12th 1878. With Mrs. Hannah Booth : V .Wo liaveosmemb President, Emma Clulf and Jane1 Snyder ' ago attendants; all soem to be alive to their Counseldrs, H. Harrowsmi'Ji and H. Birch assistants, and Kancy Har?s Secretary. In which they hayo .enlisted. , meet y0 There are in the association:125 members. for working inoeting every two weeks, and Average attendance 80; meetings held 12; B. F. J - ; . 1 - i in-ihes- e A- - HafelfehSusan . Y OF MOTHEES. ' r '' l ' -- i - ini 'J. How few mothers realize the responsibility of their position. To them a soul has been given to train for . a higher existencea pure soul, and if it becomes stained, blackened, or withered, whose is the fault? Little sins llke lfttle Veeds take root rapidly, and will gro w anil ohoke out all the sweet blossoms of truth and innocence, unless the mothertvith an ever watchful and prayerful heart, sets them an example worthy of imitation. How many mothers see their children grow up from childhood to man and womanhood, a disgrace to society? Need we ask who is to. blame, when the good old book we are taught to believe in says if parents will train their children in tho way they should go, when they reach maturity It will not depart from them. If mothers have a desire to rejoice at the,, harvest, let them sow the seeds of wisdom and righteousness while they can. COfiEESPOCTENdE.- ,. 1 LI ESPONSIBILIT sisters Jane C Joiinsox. y; v ' il. ; remain as ever 'good; works: trenchment Association- was' re6rghized with thoibnowing named QfficersTui)C; ' " : f HkssM i h o rPf9yjb'tiie6rd'tq in," their T . YounLadlKer . c ' oniqs2u-t- ' su-preme;- ' ; ; hope to be able; to attend niariy more such. : In reading of tho Woman's MasMeet-in- g great-grandchildre- hi casion. : - 1 -- H. man's Conference for the first time; we had a very pleasant time and all- felt well, and 1 .: by the President with general instruction?, with counsel and advice by E. duff, history of Joseph Smith or Bible select reading with . stories by J. Snyder, ..explanation by H. Harrowsmith, general remarks by-Birch and N. Hares. The children are. then called to recite tho Ten . Commandments, Articles of Faith, Restoration of the Gospel and the names of the Then those presiding high Priesthood. forselected at the. former, meeting-com- e ward and recite their pieces. Singing prayer and adjournmnet. The children are delighted with their meeting! Next week it is proposed to give them a little dance the picnic to be fiirnished. by the president her counselors and 'assistants. ' local questions I had the privilegeof attending a: wo- 7 After its presentation, Sister Hehrle arose and 'expressed' her gratitude1 to!; the 'sisters for this unexpected token of tnelr "respect. Said her 'only object in wishing ' to live'waa to do good.1 foldus she ha& 7rgttoUchii- -' v dren and IG Encouraging andaropriaforemarks tfere then made by llishoG.VieJiind ' Elder J. W. Crosby, Jr. f The party was a Buccessallsmed pleased with ;the entertalfameno'f the oc- roll ;cail, minutes of former meeting read and accepted, address ling, prayer, singing, : f read as fbpwsr Nov. 1st; 18781 "'Ar Birthday present 'fioni'PgnitciriidiefSoleiy' to their President, Myria HenrIe,T born Nov. a'rid'4 suitable verse;-- havobeen piecing . wool 10 lbs; .J3ury,8andriea, $15; cash . wheat' 5$ bu. All feel the importance of a ;lliellef Society and with Jheuhelp of our Heavenly Father wo hope to keep' His Spir-'itn- d prosper in ourlabprst '.u -, 181803" . the mode of conducting is as follows : Sing- -- quilts, making gloves, knitting socks, also quilting, and sewing carpet rags. Wo all r,nav0 tno spirit or jtonng wneat and beans; we have but little on hand at present, but nope soon 10 nave more, we have in trea. Exponent: jSdiI'ob Wo th, J s S. A. s Eleventh Ward, Salt Lake City. . Inrtheenlngtthe ,:-I- s , . , W -- . ! . ij IR-J- 15,-1878- , , . - Sfe- - . l y1-:301- ?! mln; . . mortgage a home; for; the- mahogony we would bring into it? I had rather eat my dinner oiT the head of a barrel, or dress after the fashion of John the Baptist In the wilderness, or sit on a block all my li a than consume all mys el f before I get homeland take so much pains1 'With the outside that the inside is 'as hollow as an empty nut. Beauty is a great thing1, buta is . beauty of garments, house and furniture, dovery tawdry ornament compared With mestic love. All the elegance in the world will not make a home, and' I would give more for a spoonfuil of real hearty love than for tvhnln ohfn tnnfa: fif fnrniture. and all ;theigOrgeousness that all the upholsterers oi tne world coma gamer togetner. - . 1 1 . j ; - - -- DirwitsU l lvalue these tools of housekeeping : a- l 1 tie more" than they are worth, and sometimes ; ' sunare not too good for the human race. iElegance. fits man., But .do we not periai ..j, , saw a garment top fine I for man or maid; there never was a chair too good for a cobbler, or copper or king to sit in; never a house too finotn shplfftr a hnmam hnari. These ele ments about us. the corceous skv. the im- - r 2 Elements i)F X Home. I never : doro Parker. ...it' ' I m -- ' . i .. m v of our passiousrls .'bo more dependent upon us thah the du'ratloii of our : The duration life. ii mustmustderan:,''V aluntcf' 'r,.v rJy' fevery .'Asrwe Jen idle word, so wo lilce wise of our idle silence Ambrose. . , oi;-;- . 