WO M A N ' S statements of the duties and sphere of the whole of ono sex, which i3 instructive in quite another sense to that which these statesmen and woman's Review." orators-intend'Eviglh- h. CORRESPONDENCE. Kingston, Oct. 10, 1870, Editor Exponent: I have often fait a desire, to express my feeling3,through the medium of your paper; but have refrained from doing so, through the consciousness of my weakness: But on reading the Charge. of Chief Justice Hunter, some of to the Grand Jury, I feel to express " " 4 my thoughts thereon. He says, "The government of the United States," "And polygamy cannot exist within the same limits, and it is more than apparent, it will not be the government that will have to succumb." After seeking to rob the Latter.day Saints, of the honor due them, in reclaiming these desert wastes and bestowing that honor, on the "Gentile-clementho says "Do you gentlemen, think it was in the interest ot polygamy, that the30 vast changes have taken place? Do you not rather see in them, tho purpose of the Supreme Ruler, to teach, thee peo, ple their errors?" It the learned gentleman believes in the Bible, and, will read the 107 Psalm, perhaps he may see that the Prophet David, foresaw the time, when, there would be a people, even, "The redeemed of the LordjT "Whom Ho hath redeemed from the East, and the West, and the North, and the South." "And He led them forth by the right way," (after feeding the "hungry," ''thirsty," "fainting," souls, wandering in the "wilder-- " ," ' 11033.) Also, that He turned the wilderness into - standing water,- and dry ground into water springs; and there He made the "Hungry to dwell, that they might prepare a city for habitation." "And sow the fields, and plant vineyards." 'And Ho b!es3eth them so that they are multiplied greatly;" "Again they are diminished, and brought low' How?' "Through oppression, affliction, and sorrow. Then what does the Lord do? "He poureth contempt, upon Princes and causeth them to wander in a wilderness, where thero is no way. Princes are rulers, or wo may say the government, What! The Lord going to cause the government to wander in a wilderness where there i3 no way, and bo lost? lie certainly does not say that He will lead them, by the "right way," so we may infer that they may be lost. But what does He do with the poor, and oppressed ones? Let us see. Yet setteth Ho the poor on high from affliction, and maketh him farail. ies like a flock." The Lord do this? Indeed He will. What then? "The Righteous shall see it and rejoice, and all iniquity shall stop her mouth." What is iniquity? It is evident that all who seek the down-fal- l of the people that God ha3 led forth to this desert land, and speak and tight against the holy principle of Celestial Marriage, are by the Lord termed iniquity, and she shall stop her mouth. Who will observe these things? "The wise." What shall they understand? The loving kindness of the Lord r Then who will succumb? - A. San .Fp.anciCO, Believer. Oct. 7th 1879. Dear Editor: have so much to write this time that I hardly know where to begin. , Wo have 1 EXPO NE NT. to inspect bv davlifrht. which ho 'did Sun day by r id ing In an open baroache. Every: body;wai;apxious to get a vlewof joutjdi had such a general time of excitement that it has unfit me for the most ordinary duties. You are aware ere this that General Grant Way the cause of all this bustle. For a week everybody was on the qui vivo wait, ing for the signal to tell us the Tokio was insight. Tho lire alarms were to tell us first, and at every tap of the bell during the week every one was ready to start to welcome the great hero to his native home - ' America. The city was gorgeously decorated; it seemed a contagion, every one did some- nguished visitorand at ev0iy;iifefw1i9rQ it was thought he would bo. there 1 werl'ifia-mensolirowd- " ... I 1 A, 1 ' ' A . - . 1 s: 77 neattended the Police Ball in aid olthd widows' a'hd orphans of the pollcolirfpartr rnent, and the result was seven ; thousand dollars for the treasury. I never; saw such a crowd; and the gulrdlan'or the peace made, a pretty, slgh;; They are btue-coate- d d ress'ed height, afidt: at t were7 like. Their brass buttons nicely, pblishedf andwhenthey the halt t wo by two' and doffed thir hats t o t h e G e n e fa 1 h e s fg h t wa3 fve ry;p re 1 1& Kearii ey ' t hrea tened to burn Graii n ea riy .fhe same thing, until the city resembled a paradise; I cannot begin to describe the beauty. Across the street ropes were stretched, and thousands of small flags were attached, which were arranged in diamonds, hearts, crosses, and in fact everything one could of. The Jewish holidays were being think t 1 t1L ceienmieu at mat l!ume, auut me people were more showily dressed than ever before. The city and the entertainment altogether was enchanting. We happened to bo one of the privileged few to welcome tho General on board the steamer Cherea, and I was wild with the anticipation of going on the old ocean, and on such an auspicious occasion. We had one hour to reach the wharf after the first signal, and I happened to be six miles from home at the first tap of the bell; but the California street dummies cars soon brought me to Kearney St., from whence I flew like the wind to get my invitation card, which I had left at home. I arrived on the steamer Ju3t five minntes ahead of time, and saw four or five thousand people left on the wharf, although they had tickets and had hired carriages to bring v- '. them there. The steamer waPgaHy decorated - with fligs of all nations, and tho water was alive with all' kinds of water-craft4Ve started and sailed out about ten inileg, and never one ieasick person Tho ocean was so calm and beautiful; andiit iwas t just' at sunset wh en we sawj the Tokio In the distance. We soon steamed along sido of her; the tug Millen Griffith sailed "close to her, and Ulysses, Jr.", boarded the Tokio and was soon in the, embrace of his 7 dear mother, whom he had not seen for nearly threo years. A number of other huge steamers, with their livlnjg,freight, and handsomely decorated, steamed alongside of Tokio; a lino of yachts, held in tow by a tug, was formed for tho steamer to pas3 through. Then began the firing of cannon on either bide of the bay; the roar was deafening, and. shook our vessel from stern to stern. The music was all along the water, the hills were black .with the eager crowds that had gathered to witnossahe pageant on tho water. It was a sight never to be forgotten; it was a glimpse of fairy land, or a scene in tho "Arabian Nights?'. Darkness and fog began to settle down and dim tho view when rockets were sent into the air, electric light was brought forth, aUo various colored Roman candles. Our vessel steamed back to the wharf, when to our dismay'aho stuck fast on a sandbar, as tho tide wa3 out. We were towed ashore inch by inch, and it was after nine .o'clock P. Mr beforo we When we learned our stepped ashore. fate we made the best of it, and we had the "Pinafore" and several amusing things performed to while .away the hours. Tho grand torch-ligh- t procession had not ended, and We saw it. O how enchanting! The electric light, the waving flags and gay bunting, the soldiers in their gay uniform, and the inspiring martial music nearly turned the people's heads, and 'tis not to be wondered at either. The decorating was left for tho General 1 :ex-act- ly 1 1 tyin effijy, and it was a sorry , day for hlmVfor 7 he 'camo"'near' I6slh"j;h1s" HFania If lihTdr7 attempted to carry out hl3 threat hVwouId have been shot ln?..1iif Jrack' very-llke- ly has That threat tnarfny-thin- g Jnjured him more ' he' ha'sdorie;:y6't:7"'-;Hleff to wd ' be- -; fore the General arrived, but" retufdedlbe fore ho started to Yoiemlte, and sent his card up to the General's apartments,' but was refused an interview on account of a previous engagement " -- e 7""7:MI1 WOMAN'S REtJORD. Miss Helen Magill, daugh tcf ; of 7 tho J President of Swarthmore College, has been na3 siuuymg 111 amuriuK uulversiiy auu exreceived a scholarship In a competitive amination in Greek, Latin and French. Miss Magill graduated from Boston University. Mrs.' G. II. Lewes, neo Marian C. Evans. - s. that when she "is buried 'only t hp j words" "George Eliot" shall bo placed 7 on hi1 slab t ' try curate, she, with a gbocl edualionweiit to London at the (sge of twintyrthree atiif 'Shbto She toVrl to for magazines f most for tho radical " Westminster. began . declined to marry her tutor, HerberVSpenf cer, the philosopher. She married L?we whoso first wile had twice' run away Jfronv him, and she' UvesIntheihousqnear-W- v gentV Park, where about a1 year ago' he is childless, and died. ,Kho : is fifty-ninhas earned $250,000 withher pchJ SheVis v ; ; e, -- ; I of medium heighty has largo features, gray S eyes, gray hair; and.a sweet. jvbleel:r Mr. Schurz's Lib RARTInr Secretary Schurz's beautiful library, which no one who y has ever entered forgets, stands ; an easpL auu u- tuiH vastus u iiiwoizicu; pot trait in face and bustnof marvelous :h India ;iuk-- a beau ty and tenderness. : It is more than a h picture: it is a presence, aud it hallows thon apartment with i a4 spnso of "the-- tender i grace of a; day that is. dead.". JJo one who 1 knew. Mrs.,Schurz: in her lifetime; or who recallsMr3,rMary Clemmer'ffjtouchingiind tender analysis of her character In tha!In- - ' depent,'? shortly ; after ; her death, but: ap--'' proachea that picture as if It were a shrine.. ; io me pure ana lGyai ueart or ner husband 1 know it Is guch, and if you have ever seen him in hiiiibrary'you have felt that that gentle presence became a .participator t in tho interview. Kuma" had his TEgerla, and Sir Galahad his blessed vision and Carl ' Schurz, returning to his lonely 7 homo atnignuau, aner uays oi such Intense hard f work as few men realize a work which is to him more than a vocation, even a opens eofily the door of his ito room, and finds awaiting him thosot . 8woetly-followln- g eye3. Albany Journal, i ; - - ; . : : " - 