Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEB. 15, 1879. 7. For the During the ensuing summer a fearful and continuous storm of persecution raged, until it led to the massacre of Joseph and Hy-ruSmith : and John Taylor, who, although pierced with bullets until his life scarce hung by a single thread, afterwards recovered. After this horrible tragedy, the peo-- . pie sorrowed and mourned for their Patriarch and Prophet. Indeed, the terrible Exponkst. IN THE SHADOWS. m I sit and every whoro The shadows darkly laji, Companion! of the hearts sad moodi 0 send tbem not away. The sun may shine morn, And birds sin; from each tree; .And to my soul there may bo born A brighter light for me. And yet ht my heart is loth The light of day to wear; God gires the sun and darkness both That earth may bloom and bear.. Alone to-morr-ow - grief and consternation which were the result of the untimely death of these noble men was beyond description. The Gentiles, our opposers, thought they had destroyed our religion, overthrown our cause, arid destroyed the influence of our people, and actually had accomplished, all that was necessary to do away with Mor to-nig- It takes the sunshine and the shower To bring the rose to light; never lower, And did the storm-clou- d The sun were not so bright. monism. But God's work cannot be thus ignored; another prophet, Brighaiii Young, was raised up to succeed Joseph, and the work rolled on. We were not allowed, Jiowever, to rest in peace; those who had apostatized from us and were filled with a; spirit of re. beHion against the work sought by all their : power and influence to stir up the authori- The richest music that we hear, Is always"sadly sweet; And sorrows bring us very near Our Father's mercy-sea- t. - He gave the shadows and the light. For me the shadows fall ; 7 And as I sit alone 1 love them, one and all. to-nig- ht, Nor do I long for sunshine blost . Because I am in gloom; Tbw flower In the wilderness, That struggles up to bloom, Longs not the more for heaven's rays Than I for joy and love. Vet left it is, to spend its days With shadows all above. And grows so frail amid the jhade, Should sunbeams warm it o'er 'I would sink from sight as IT afraid, And bless the earth no more. . ties of government In the State of Illinois, and to drive us from the bounds of civilization. At this time the people were energetically at4 .work upon the Temple, and President Brigham Young and his brethren of the Quorum of the Twelve, with the Bishops, and all the leading men, were forward towards pushing everything the" ' Temple, in order to obtain certain blessings and confirmations that had been promised to the Saints when the Temple should be so far finished as to enable them to work in It, The people were most of them poor, and they denied them, selves every comfort they possibly could to assist in finishing the Lord's house. In the latter part of the fall of 1845 we commenced work in the Temple, and then I gave myself, my time and attention to that mission. I worked in the Temple every day without cessation until it was. closed. We were making preparations to leave Nauvoo and go into the wilderness. I had a large, family, and my household cares and my many other duties were indeed arduous: I worked constantly day and night, scarcely sleeping ai an, so great was my anxiety to accomplish an that was necessary and go Witn tne nrst company who Jeft in Ifebru - com-pletiri- , And there are human flowers that bloom In life's dark, dreary way Alone, they warm the very gloom, While on the earth they stay. 4th Ward, S. L. City. MabyWray. . A LEAF FROM AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY CONTINUED. The persecutions brought upon our people in Nauvoo and other places adjacent, by the wicked misrepresentations of such men as Dr. Bennett, William and Wilson Lew, and others who had, been members of our Church, increased rapidly. E very iiow and then Joseph Smith was arraigned before the magistrates on some pretext or other, and the Saints were threatened with mobs, and they felt there was no security for them because of their betrayal by designing and treacherous men. In January, 1844, my youngest daughter" was born. She was the first child born heir to the Holy Priesthood and in the New and Everlasting .Covenant in this dispensation. 1 felt she was douWy'a child of promise, not only through the priesthobd,but through Josephs promise to me when I gave him my eldest daughter to wife, He that I should have another daughter, who would 'be a strength and sup- port to me to soothe my declining years; and In thjs daughter have these words been verified. My health was very poor, but I remained strong in the faith of the'Gospel, and full of courage to persevere in; the latter-day work. My two youngest children were frail little tender blossoms and re. quired the. most constant care. proptie-UeJ;-ro- me , " ; . ary, I84G, Crossing on the Ice. the Mississippi river . To be continued. Woman Suffrage has been reconsidered and voted down in the Constitutional Con-venti- on of California. Testimonies from Wyoming in regard ; to the question , of the good effects of woman suffrageare tOt be published in pamphlet form; price, $U0d per hundred copies. .John A. Logan's') election to the U. S. Senate by the Illinois Legislature is said to, have been largely effected through the electioneering talent of his wife. It is said t "shohas more than once in difficult clrcum- stances turned, the scale in her husband's : .layer" ' . ; I Miss Anna E. Dickinson has written for aixi. uuuu iTAcvyunougii a piay caiiea "iiuro-lian,- " which that acter is to bring out next Miss April, with himself in the title rolo. Dickinson is to play with him, taking the first female part of Queeu Zonobia. The scenes of the play are laid in Rome and Palmyra, and the work is said to be ideal, and yet full ot human ex-tre- mly For the Exponent. GOD'S LAW VS. MAN'S LAW. I have been thinking ot the vast amount of testimony we and the world have of the truth of the Latter-da- y work. Is thorn any possibility of our being mistaken? iwen tne Pyramids are confirming the truth. The United States are testifying to the truth of this work; also the sea, plagues, war, famine and fire are uttering their terrible voices in confirmation of the truth Our Elders went, a small and feeble band, to declare that an angel from on high had come and restored the 3ospcl to theoarth asr anciently! also that these' axels' ushered in a ; gathering-- ' dispensation,' to gather together those who would believe them, to a place where" they could learn of the ways of the Lord. AH was peace 'then. They said that after them should come the testimony of fire and: of the sword, of thunder and lifchtning, of the sea heaving itself beyond Its bounds, plagues, famine, persecu- nuu auu unjust legislation, not only this people, but against one anotheragainst that the strong should oppress the weak, that the floodgates of religious persecution should be lifted by the decision of unjust judges, first to crush this people, then to crush one anothef; that it should never cease till Its fearful waves had rushed over the whole land; until every man's hand should be raised against bis 'neighbor, father against son, son against father,mother against daughter, daughter against mother. I bear my testimony that I heard the Elders declare that the time would come when the highest Judiciary power! in the land would decide unjustly against this people. That was thirty years since. Has that time arrived, or is it yet In the future? Judge ye whom itmay concern. Is it just to dishonor men, women and children for their religious opinion? We. know that God has revealed , from the heavens tho principles of everlasting salvation, and fear-inGod rather than men havA nhorf htm. knowing that He will require at our nanda obedience to His will, shall we be obedient to Him rather than man's command? Yes, decidedly yes. The past is' the chapter read, the future we, can read Just as plain. :VVe know that offences must come, but woo . unto them by whom come; God will not always bomocked." ihey Let us be faithful, stand firm, fear nothing man may! do, for he. can do nothing but that which he Is All tbn prophecies must be permitted. ; f cr NOTES AND NEWS. -- g No. 38. . . fulfilled. Let us' bo united; there is more to fear from ourselves than all; the world besides. Let us remember Daniel and his victory, and rejoico when all men speak evil Wisely agalnstus for Christ's sake. Granisvlile, Feb. C, 1879. ti 