The lights of the Women of Zion, and the flights of the Women of all Nations, LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 15, 1879. SALT. Vol. 8. becomes great, because she hasn't had an opportunity, If a different course had been taken with them, the girl would have been For the Exponctt. THE GRAIN QUEENS OF ZION. With triuc no tongue can scathe; From the city' 8tre- ts, and rnral lanei, They are gathering', side by side, A ban! linked by faith's sacred chains, In one great causw allied. t - Answering to the leader's call, Ft om their gentle homes they came; Taking the mission, one and all, For Jove, and not for fame. With willing hearts and empty bandsi1' Tbe Father's ai i they sought, And bearing out the great command A iond' reus work have wrought." And they who sowed the tiny seed In time of peaceful harvest years; Shall see the bloom in time of need Brewed by grateful tears. Let our laud boast the world wide fame Of her cotton and railroad Kings, And toast in wine the princely name Her gold and silver brings. Kiugs of the coal and iron mince, Each a mighty sceptre hold; But the Ught of a rising power shines Whose story shall be told, Unto the far ends of the earth, W&ite stricken nations bend; Weakened with war, and plague and d eath, And own these as a friend. ' obeyed Then, loyal daughters-wh-o A noble loader's word: Ye shall come forth in power arrayed, .... Named with the earth's accord Witn blessings, from the lips of those Saved by thy deeds of worth; And reverence, from tby failen foes; The grain queens of the earth. . Then shall the gleaner's hands, though brown, lie bit sat d with truer praUe; Than those bora to the ruler's crown, Aud idle royal d jl) s. Power shall attend tby given word, The poor muy dare rely on; Aud s wet teat bieablug3 ever heard, Crown the grain qutens of Zloii. AcGtrstA false ideas, simply because they know no hftr.Pr- - Tn flnMonr tfmfa (ho "Roman mnihm great woman, and the boy would have been equally as well off as he isr with his education. Some tell us that girls are to bo mothers, and should learn to keep house, and a girl's home should be her world; "her duty is to take care of it." Very true; and thus, as boys are to bo fathers, they should also reign at home and make it their duties to take Men are often caref of these homes. ashamed to take their wives with them among learned people, because they are so ignorant; and even if they do take them, the wife seldom enjoys it, because she kuows nothing of what is going on. Yet they love these wives, because ''they are a learned and perhaps nravlng1 alike the ikcptlc's smilcf And the 219 ir f fiend faltering faith; Tboujrb wise oos doubt aud foes revile, Jotce CnccnEiox. Xov Sth, 179. Tor the Exponent. THE SAME EDUCATION FOR YOUNG MEN AND YOttNG LADIES. How often is it said, "My sons must receive a college education, but my daughters can learn sufficient at home," Yes, your daughters can learn sufficient at home, and so can your sons; but there is no reason why yur sons should be better acquainted with the arts and sciences, and other things pertaining to the development of the mind, than your daughters. Give them equal advantages, and true genius will show itself; or, it the family means will not allow all to be educated alike, give the best opportunity to the one most likely to profit by it If this example had been followed from the beginning, the world would contain more works of true merit and not half so much rubbish. 'Oftentimes.: a bright, intelligent girl is left without any advantages of education, while her less intelligent brother has all the spare means of the family expended in his behalf. He never makes anything of himself, because it isn't in him; she never such excellent cooks, and have such submissive dispositions;" .hut they do not love them with the true, generous lovo of the soul, that would be Impossible, because their tastes are different and they are not equally matched. When boys attain" their majority, they feel that they know more than their mothers do; they, still love their mothers with a natural filial love, but they, cease to come to them for help and counsel. If girls were educated like boys, thoro . v should be educated. - Camelia. NOTES AND NEWS. Famink The "distress in Hungary on counts - ties . are ralso recieved . rm from -the ; coun . m 01 -- ment" she wont bear inspection. Her eyes are a beautiful color but they lack the clear intelligent light that should beam from them. Her features are faultless, but a certain insipid blackness dwells in that if we were well acquainted with her we should call her face nevertheless, and No doubt this woman has spent enough time waltzing to learn the French shallow. language. Enough time gazing at herself in the mirror and planning ways of her looks to learn all the-- arts, sciences and languages combined. Pray what kind of a mother will such a woman make? Can she teach her children any thing? era educated their children themselves un til they arrived at a certain ag:o then they Wfrft fftUfin frnttl lliom nnrl rrtnar fn 4hn schools of -- learning. These mothers must have been educated, else how. could they have done this? Is it possible that wo are degenerating? Is not education as necessary now as ever? Yes and more so, for now there are more people. Education of the ROTPQ r?iohr norno'irf !w tn he etnnat aoainf one admits that our boys must be educated. account of the bad harvest Is very great. In filty.seven towns and villages in Temea County the greatest- - distress prevails, i In vu auxjf , w uuiu auiua uastxs rut u tar va-- i tlon have occurred, forty parishes - are would be none of this. A man would bo prond to take his wife with him anyvhero, and would love to bring learned and noted people to his house to meet her; he would love to sit with her in the evening1, when the day's labor is done, reading tbeir favorite books, or discussing popular subjects. Too often do we hear of a man spending his evenings away from home, because there is nothing there to Interest him no congenial spirit; and no one likes to read and discuss subjects with himself. One needs a companion in his joys as much as in his sorrows. Some prefer a woman "who is pretty and does not know too much" Is it possibleor any one to know too much? Such a woman dresses nicely and make3 a very pretty appearance at balls and theatres; she is admired by all for her pretty face and artless ways but "distance lends enchant- Im-porv- No. 12. ing Then what kind of a mother would a learned woman make? She can teach her children every thing. She herself can lay the foundation upon which their educations 7 will be built; and what a foundation: 1 No nonsense and trash T Joined together with loollsh ideas, but firm and solid learning mixed with the purest mortar, a mothers love. Mothers sometimes unconsclossly lead their children into wrong paths and nevesna t-- iiravj, ; zempiin.- - - . r;x,: : : . :: l , way to England, a portrait of "David", by; his own hand; a fine sketchilwhich. appears to have been the study of the portrait now iu iuo jjuuvip, Ah wua uiuuub UUb ut ilia studio after the fall of Paris, by Bostopchlne nt IWrkcw (theT same who. when ' ' . ' fiovArnhr . .. 11 TT- - . !l tut uro iu luub city.; xxis sua som 10 Hie late Senator Nicholas Smirnoff, .whose heirs " A A. mr moan fr rlfannoa x3 : WW M.t ef if 'w i 1 Atme t Aauxiuiui, ft rneet-in- g 11. regular of the board of school trustees for this. V sllafottt lA.nlnlif 4iud fn(ty Was SeilieU s iuconuu uuuiy. of the application of Mrs Belva A. Lockwood TXT : L A ivr-uiu-ir M A AW and six other women for placing a woman on the school board, which was first sent to the President, 'and by him referred to the attorney general, then to the district commissioners' school 'board. The latter adopted a report, admitting that there Is no legal obstacle to women serving as members 01 aistrict school boards, but taking the ground that there are grave objections as a matter of policy, and that therefore tha im plication should bo refused. rnE Spanish fixk)d The details of the flood at Murcla are harrowing. The Jnun. dation passed over the enoimous stone table in which Alicante Is Inlaid, streamed through Its arches, Its half-dar- k piazzas and narrow streets, and wrought havoc only second to that which ravaged the plains of Murcla. Eight villages were swept away and four partially flooded. Ten thousand Inhabitants and a hundred families are destitute. Thejoss of property exceeds 50, . 000, 000 francs. ;tho total, loss of life will exceed 3,000. A terrific stormburst occurred on Friday night Oct. 24, at Menagal-bonear Malag. Forty houses wero flooded, two of which collapsed, and two" n, Reckless of orthography, an impassioned swain wrote: "Mary, I love the well!" 8b replied that she was glad he didn't drick spirits. 