.WOMAN'S EXPONE NT. 20 -- .V; ; - GOOD HANNJERS. BY BLANCHE BEEC'H WOOD. The cultivation of manners is almost tho list thing: considered by many ; they regard no fixed laws, but act according to their own Idea, which quite frequently gives unnecessary offence to othersi. manners of a people are an index by t The which they are partly Judged, and although it is possible to be a consummate villain arid have charming manners, yet the terms aro not synonymous in the least; but there are some persons who are almost ready to bo. lieve so, and seem to take pride in rudeness and rough ways, attributing It to sincerity j i and genuineness of soul. But in this ago of enlightenment and advantages we should be able to cast aside such primitive ideas, that can only be the outgrowtn or ignorance, tne traditionary opinion of those who have had no time or opportunity to cultivate their minds or manners. The rising generation of this people should improve In all that will add to the refinements of social life and they have no reasonable excuse for not doing so. To many we are aware that. the word because it implies etiquette is a restraint they think, and they are not willing to submit to any.restraint in word, or action. Every person of ordinary intelligence should desire to observe such rules as regards manner as would insure the re. epect and good feeling of thoso with whom they como in contact through life, and renbug-bea- r, der them generally pleasing. There are only a few who possess sufficient beauty, or charms of any sort, to mako them agree-bl- e as companions without cultivation of manner, but if one's manners are gentle respectful, and betray culture, it is in Itself a recommendation in any society; and this it is always posssble to acquire, and it should be exacted from children. We all know how very disagreeble it is to be in the company of and children. Surely It Is worth a littlo effort on ur part to make etiquette a study, that we may adapt ourselves to the existing geneiai rules of society, that tho social intercourse of life may bo as pleasant and harmonious as possible. In order to do this the lessons must begin at home, and become a part of ourselves, among those with, whom we are most intimately asso. elated. There are many people who never seem to think it nocessary to be polite in their own home, to those who are the nearest and dearest to then j but especially should tho minds of the young bo with the idea that politeness impressed and good manners should commenco at home, instead of schooMIfe, dancing, or their entrance into society. There are many books written upou the subject of etiquette, from, which excellent ideas may be gleaned, but from a recent work by Mrs. H. O. Ward, enticed "Sensible Etiquette," wo idtenucj makiug a few extracts, that tho readers 'of the Exponent everywhere who have not the opportunity of reading the book," may become familiar with some of the general rules and observances of society at thi present time. ;Hrs. Ward says: "There is a class of people .who consider, it amark of superiority to hold themselves In all ru lea i Ill-br- ed orotlquette, who affect Ill-manne- despL t and but must well educated in matter of Ikx, these peopl eve intelligent in other may be how vol they are not bom among tine b&r6n 0Utra J I thcS manners, and accustomed to the require- ment8 of society,, were not reared in high breeding, and are really ignorant of what they despise. It would seem to be only in accordance with tho first principles of common so nso that people should acquaint themselves with the requirements of eti- quette, and examine their causes, before they sweep aside what many of the great intellects of the world have thought it, worth while to approve and accept." "Thero is another class who, not having been instructed in traditionary, social observances, laugh at rules they are not familiar with, rules, too, which the instincts of. kind hearts ought to divine almost, but which, out of mere thoughtlessness, are too often disregarded, even by tho come in contact with" us. Little more can be said on this subject than to point out the necessity and plead with the yonng who are entering upon the arena of life to adopt a course which will hereafter reflect credit upon them and bo a safe one to follow. It Is a subject, perhaps, less dwelt upon than any other, each individual leaving it to his or her neighbor to attend to, or to the teachers of schools, but it will bear talking about, thinking about and writing about, and it will bo well to adopt in our lives such a codo of mauuers as will admit us to the best society here upon earth, and prepare us to dwell in tho presence of thoso who have acquired all knowledge. In our next chapter on this subject we hope to make something more than introductory remarks. It is an old saying that the manners make tho marifbut certainly the manners of a lady are an important consideration. How much more enjoyment might we all havo in life, If every one who moved in society watched constantly against evil and studied continually improvement and culture. 1 kind-hearted- ." Another writer says, "Obedience to theao social laws is what obedience to law is in political life, and the obligations which Individuals feel in their observance are said to be binding in proportion to the fineness of their sense of honor and the keenness of their Etiquette," says the same writer, "is the sovereign ruler of social pleasure; its kingdom comprises not only manners, but the application of man. self-respe- ct. For tho Exponent. ners to events. The observance of its laws avoids confusion and maintains decorum, insuring to each individual due attention and respect." Its whole intention is to maintain tho dignity of tho individual and tho comfort of the community. Whatever enjoyment of our daily existence wo may have, as far as others aro concerned, i3 possible only through our obedience to tho laws of that etiquette whjch governs tho whole machinery, and keeps every cog and wheel in place and at its own work, which prevents jostling and carries all things along RECOLLECTIONS burgh nor the great city should know any difference in the conduct of the individuals comprising its population. Allowing for tho necessary variations in the tenor of daily life in the two places, there should bo complete union regarding tho proprieties; one code of behavior should cover all, and a person going from one place to the other should be utterly undistinguishablo by his conduct from thoso around him. These paragraphs contain many truths which wo should all do well to consider, and we may easily give more attention to this subject than we have been wont to do, at any rate the most of us, and it wilt1 be to our advantage a8 a people and to that of our chil- good effect vpen all whr Since my arrival in Richmond I haVe been asked a great many questions about Arizona and tho way wo live there, which I take mufh pleasure in answering, and I thought the many readers of tho Exponent would be pleased to get a few items. Wo started Feb. 7, 1876, with others of our to hunt a home in tho On our journey wo enof Arizona. deserts countered very severe storms and cold weather. When I think of that journey I marvel greatly, and my heart fills with gratitude to the Most High for His mercy and kind watchcare over us, that none of us suffered. After leaving Utah thd weather wan warmer and our journey more Wo pleasant, although it was tedious. found a great many curiosities, petrified wood, fcc., which lessened tho monotony of the journey, We arrived at Obed the 23d of April, '70, and found a few of our already there and at work. The 27th of April death visited our little colony and took Bro. F. Hammond, a most excellent young man. Wo organized our3elves into a company and endeavored to work in the United Order and eat at one table. And hero lot me say, it is my experience that tho long table give3 moro satisfaction than tho common storehouse and draw supplios. Prest. cvas wo as thu would iind it louuir told wo to and be hi3 have' proven words best, co-labor- ers dren." produce very disagreeable feelings with tho recipient of the favor. "I have no time to devoto to my osvn cultivation of mind, or manners," "I have no timo to bo polite," say some, when in reality tnelr timo Is much of it wasted in frivolity, in gossip and in the reading of trash. It is time all these things were cast aside, and wc set about preparing ourselves and our children for the time when Zion shall be the wonder of the world, and our children be as polished stones," which they novor will bo without cultivation, and that culture must begin in their homes and emanate from their mothers. Everything in ourselves and in our lives has its effect, and if we were more careful in our conduct towards our feilow.beings, more gentle, kind, tender and respectful it would havo a ARIZONA fellow-colonist- s, their consummation." A journalist says, "Neither tho little To do a good action is noble in itself, but to do it in a graceful and pleasing manner adds very much to it, for wo havo noticed quite frequently that some good deeds are done in such a blundering manner that they AN COLONIST. . to OF i true. Tho first summer, through inexperience, many things occurred of an unpleasant nature, and a great many began to sigh for the comfortable homo3 of their fathers. June 3,1870, Prest. Wells and party arrived, and wo received much good advico and counsel from them, and were greatly encouraged and strengthened thereby. Contrary to the expectations of many, they advised us to lollow the counsel of nur beloved President, Brigham Young, and live in the family order. July G, some of our party started to Utah tu get their families, and some deserted their mission and returned homo. July 19, our dam, which had cost $4,000, washed out. It was a great loss to us, as there was no possible chance to get water to our grain, and wo did not raise anything. Aug. 7, another largo company left us, 