WOMAN1 S' E XJBjaJU! N T. 124 others - Is ;iaere-p!e- THE -- WOMAN'S EXPONENT,- - semI-nioniliiy- Terms: One copy one year,! tiOO; one copy 1.00. Ten copies for tfce. price of nine -- tha when ' thjpgs 'come to tho worst there must be a change, and really the man- ners of voungj people In this age are certainly, not of the highest order. Yet bcots of etiquette, standard works on this very my thical AdTerng Each square ttn" lines of ; nojjparell space, one diacovni io time, 13.00; per aonth, 13.00 A " "f j , regular adrertiBera. . 0;.fLfrf. 0:I j f Room Exponent OfUce, lo,"J,.up stairs,. QJd Computation BuUdlng, East Temple Stieet. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. ererj day except Sunday' " Address all business jcommunlcatloos to ' r rate: . subject, abound now, and VHoW to Talk," "How to Vyrite,,, "How to Travel," with necessary explanations of the ait. of practising each of thesejpoweis have been published and scattered abroad, yet Instead of instilling the innate, delicacy.of manner into the soul, they add i precept to precept for Foclal practice, and leave ithe,wbrid barren , of the genuine atticle, which can never be Jearned wholly, from books, nor 'cultivated In sterile soil, but must be the very root of one's nature, or the essence of it cannever imbue the surround- ing plants with the living perfume thrown off -- f .'. rubliaher .. . SALT r ? Wqmjj's .ExrpimrT, ,: 'iUuatnvtiL Xisil LECIT , stay Ing la: Salt iLake City, Utah. ,t themselves against them, and sot their faces like iron to do battle 'for a higher state of socix tv r ety and its usages. Very many good things have recently been published which relate so closely to the uim plest conditions of life, and imlght ko fasily be iutroduced into every idppartmeut of social i n tercourse, making a decided Improvement in the tone of socIetyfain6n the lj;p'eopje' fhii't m have been seriously, medlt soon becomes second nature to be affable, If one is persistent In its practise. ; It is an old Editor. PibIiBhed irr a of extracts from a 'standard work on Jthii subject for the benefit of our readers, moreejo cially'the young and members of Associations of young peoplejwhp together to mutually t 1879: other in every variety ; of improvement, i Tho remark is frequently made, when, one cultivates a taste for politehesO shes too nice too nicei" meanihg,tiai::they Or "he too much attention to form of speech, or polish of manner, but in reality notig Jsto'a? nice which is genuine andsibears: jus. t relations to all Its relative conditions. So much for the 'manners of the age and sgestlons for nto THE MANNERS OF. THE ,AGE. There Is a great deal fit complaint made in, ' regard to the "decay . of f fine rnanners.,f, In, this as most other subjects there la a Vi d e di- versity of opinion, yet.it is generally conceded that this age is one of rude manners and un- - . courteousneas, albeit education and advance ment are its boast Ode would; dislike to ad- mlt that following as a consequence the attain- - f ment of knowledge, men and Vam en should disregard those gentle manri era that are so ad- 4 at , . . mirable in the possessor. Fine manners are a..-.charm in and of themselves, that attract and endear those who possess them to their friends, t and always recommend themselves pleasingly. -It is not possible to define exactly the outline or extent of these peculiar facin&tlons.. It is something understood and realized when seen, but of which it I scarcely possible to convey an idea in wonis Fine, manners, associated with brilliant wit and strong intellectual characteristics such as many are endowed with, are -- indeed the polish which enhances the value of even the most sterling qualities, because it gives them an appropriate setting. And fine manners are often" the passport of an empty head Into the society of intelligent and educated, people, because' they give an agreeable ' impression to those around them, never giving trouble, always at hand In any IIttle?80cial emergencyalways ,d6lng the proper thing at the rlghFiirntevand tnthe most graceful marl-n- m l Xti iroughSsurfaces that cat ch 'at very- - i thlhd&nd keep onaal ways on the"qUi vivei" uor euarp augies vuat cut aeen as Knives, wnere all snouia be smootn ana easy. attention is not t is to be deplored ven to deportment, jtq breeding, and to' that ; fine, inexpressible lustinptpf th manners and 'at bearing of jnaivldualf home, or abroad," ia com panf I n traveling, or We offen where ever people'jtnc re.; manners" do not bake the manYor mark, ''The woman)," but depend flpon it if .the , manne do not make them it will have much to do with their success in life and the place they in in : . M -- tbaora beae I. the. affections Vi-- . : w' - III manners and rudeness are euduredsome- timesj because the; affections arlp .j strong, Ihe universal lawof love for humanity is powerful, and there is too much honor.left yet to discard those who are dearby some tie of .relationship, or friendship, because th eir outward man ner is forbidding or uncouth; but these persons, no matter who they are, or in what station of life, they are found, exert an influence, however trifling it may be, and it Is not,eJevatlDjg It may not be well to set too higi an estimate upon fine manners and gentle; hre'dipg, but it is a thousand pities that these little excellences of deportment are not more largely cultivated and mora highly recommended. To be constantly exercising politeness towards ; will;-- - if" :- - ; '.-.- , -'i -- , . Keform in manners is loqdly called for; but where shall it begin and who shall inaugurate it? Ten to one If one individual steps forward and ihows himself unwilling to comply with the rough rowdyisms of his associates' it would be said of him, "he's trying to be above us; he's proud and stuck up;" and in this way, perhaps,' many fall lower, retrograde In the scale of manners, and drag down others with them, when with a little more moral courage tbey might have stood firm, and thus lifted -themselves and others of their class to a higher plane of iBreeding and deportment. ;? No man or woman who lifts themselves from the common level, or matk, without lifting others too; if it is even those unborn If the superiority is never perceptible in those with ; whom they come in contact in the daily battle . be'to some extent, of life, and even l such ones are sure to transmit to the children a portion of this subtle element of good iDg, that wiirdevelop itself under anything f t ti r t like prdpitiousclrcumstances. " Thust!6ftentlms are" the children of gentle women detected, that have b6eri abandoned because they are to the manor manner) born . To proda6e good manners in children parents must have a large degree In: themselves. It is useless for the father and mother who ' never interchange gentle courtesies to expect the au'se' theyji're m fci-- 1 children 'will, WerBiy?. Btructdj' wantingthe force of xanii pie; . But notwithstanding forms and ceremonies are much abhorred in this age, and 'traditionary usages and customs, are greatly! ignored, yet It would tgu well, and we Relieve hlghly properr to cpmmf pee and observe certain fixdf. rules, adapting them of icourse to the various couuiuous auu VAigeucies u uo luuivjuuaii the time and the place, and insist upon a ttriotr observance of the code or codes of mannffs It may be a great labors but it: is time to begj to "mend our waa"in this particularrlt wil rlng Into play a large amount of tact and d veiop some t latent' politeness, pernaps, nuv lying'dormant f or want? of .energy to force., Mothers, teachers, editors, VriteWj; growth all can niaerially aid iii improving th 'mpf nrs of the a). Fathers are not exempt eithrj DUiasamoiuer character or c ; HOME AFFAIRS, ! ll -- We have received sports in i full of maas meetings held in SMieg.T&ird .WartljPrbvo and Heber City, but not having space for them they will have to lay over until next issue. . Mbs. Emueltne B: Wells; and: Mrs. Zina Young Williams left this city on the morning of the 3d inst for ,VasMDgtoW'jde1egates to 4 the Eleventh Annual Convention of the National Woman's Suffrage Association, held in the capitol, on the 0th and 10th of the present month. Aside from" the Importance of attending the Convention itselfi their vislt was most auspiciously timed,'for pot only were they prepared to meet the efforts of the local crusade and represent the women of Utah in a right way, but to 'answer interesting queries rpgarding th6 probable feeling Saints as a seexisting among the Latter-daquence to the recent decision made by the Supreme Court of the TJhTled States, declaring law of 1862. the validity of the The Monthly Sunday School Union was held in the Theatre on Sundsy evening, the 5th Inst., the building being filled to its utmost capacity, and many going away- unable ' this-wil- anti-polygamic - -- y anti-polygam- ic 1 A -- - ' " to procure seats. ; After r! nci ntr. And a nratrprhv Elder' C. W. union wer PeaFOser4he minutes ' of me read and approved, after wnich Superisteud enx ueorge uouaara maqe eome re the Union Glee Club theni sing, att of all ci ry ana , cou n ty warus, w ei e can the former and most otlhe latteiwere found . iS' -- . to be renresented. s l li counselor j osepnti; Taylor nex t addressed , , f -- : yhWded'themselvi 8 Vbewtjand. J aid eack the assembly t a.nd was fvwkf 'by. PrsA. M. aW ft' nnnke to Gannon. .Kmw - 13. &.Vnnsk vV t -- A n aTrrm mKa rf trrrt far Ail a fjknr - luiions werVadODted, during the nrl-J ; HE KEOULAK "...I tolerate and sanction luo piuui nave Jbeen uiou yuan, rudenesses orta) Og'J WO consiaerea. unbearable:' And not knowing'where to lay the .blameihevcrv ocl . imjproE against modern, socIetySoje:th urievica auu iiuerties can ie rpmen lnu obotu w -- ,anda goodime tres ,Uo on i r J . JJ2&f. V.nrt f the7"' (?V?T -- r. was eiq iu aa nat , Xhe houswa" build- M LD'Ay, 'JPfilV;'-- - : ir thsUi'thaVoi:thV:fat&:sdJtyould' be In v case or manners ana gsoa4 breeding. ;.Wprnefi .X too Nm Any , Bday, was on M?1Zm mu v of the rWresentatives of both General;- - authbrlties fh . body must illbnly &npmphatlcally the otiier unon .irdih ..:...: VUV'TV 1 y ' v "' ,:. stage. .....with.W ..,., , --M ' i 