No. 21. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. APRIL 1, 1879 What could have induced that question? Is he and Congress, afraid that this peo pie will increase so fast that they WOMAN'S VOICE CHARITY. out-numb- Editor Exponent: A PLEA FOR PRODIGALS. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver U3 from c il. Jeans' words. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poon, ar.d though I giro ray body to be burned and bare not Charity it paflteth me notbiny.St. Paul. Out in the wilderness, out in the night, , or misfortune mystifled quite; misery By From one evil fleeing and turning aside To evils still greater i unseen and untried; Dangers behind them, before and below How shall the erring know which way to go? ' There arc serpents too subtle to warn ere they sting, There are serpents that charm ere upon you they spring; The wise may escape, but tho simple and young Too oft are betrayed by tbo flatterer's tongue; Evil designers that speak you so fair, More to bo dreaded than bowling wolves are. You may arm and prepare for a clamorous foe, But these silent ones aim to destroy at a blow; Like the treacherous tiger, remorseless to slay The tender and trusting and feeble they seek, 'Tis the nature of brutes to destroy what Is weak. It oppressor, or tempten assaileth the strong, There is power, there la force to resist what is wrong. . Since Eve In the tardea did Satan believe, He knows very well who and how to deceive. For an Innocent woman an apple sufficed; But the world and its treasures was offered to Christ Who else would have measured the enemy's chain, Or refused with a word such a princely domain? All have not the wisdom and courage combined To say to the tempter "Hence, get thee behind." Tamptationa that move not the prosperous few Oft try others poorer, more honest and true; Full many would stumble who never did fall. ; -- If they ever were troubled and tempted at all; And many would err that in goodness delight, If they trusted no God to direct them aright; The eouI like the body would oft be crushed down, If He looked not in mercy instead of a frown. Lol in the edge of the desert a gleam! Look up! thou lost ne, a light it doth seem; Pray! that the light may be steady and clear; Pray! that thy duty may plainly appear. Oh ! there is One watching over thee now Whose pity extendeth to all such as tbou, Trust Him to guide thee, nor fear aught amiss, The tiger's fierce growl, or the serpents low hke; Courage, press forward thy troubles shall end, And thou sbalt be safe in the house of a friend. Open the door, for tho night It is dreary; Opsn the door for the weak and the weary; Open it quickly and welcome them any In-M- are sinned against more than they sin. "Judge not," said Jesus, be merciful too, Lest ye bt fudged by one greater than you. Hold the light downward, the lost silver seek, Then call in the neighbors, the kind and the meek, And rejoice that "'tis found," for our Father above Declared, through a being of Infinite love, That more joy was felt by the angels divine O'er a lost one restored thano'er ninety and nine So screened from the storm in a sheltering fold, Safe even in darkness from dangers untold, Wit bout a temptation to stray from the track, Too faithful, or favor'd, to want to turn back. Who never was tried, or betrayed with a snare, Or lost In the night of oppression and care. Or felt what the erring or tempted endure, Should censure but lightly; compassion doth cure. Enough, that a merciful God gives command To extend to the peniUnt freely the hand. dare to boastlngly say, Shall we, Pha risee-lik- o, We thank Theei O Lordj we are better than they?" Emilt Hill Woodmaksee. Fait Lake City. their enemies? Pharaoh was afraid of the Israelites, in the same way and ho commanded all the male children born among the Israelites, to be put to death. Exodu3 i IG: But he did not thwart the purposes of God, though he put into execution this cruel law. Herod, when the wise men were seeking for the child Jesus endeavored by craftiness, to learn where ho was that ho might kill him. But an angel warned Joseph in a dream, to take the young child and his mother,and flee into Egypt. And then slow all male children that Herod were in Bethlehem, aud in all tho coast therof from two years oldand under. Mathew ii 10. How determined he was to bring lo of God, how signally naught, the purposes ' Why do the Heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing? The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the Lord,and against his anointed saying, "Let us break their bands asunder, and caspaway their cords from us." Psalms, ii 1, 2, 3. I am reminded of this say ing of David's, whenXhe'ar and also read, the acts of Congress ( the bills before that body) for the destruction of this people, they seem very fearful that the prophets words will be literally fulfilled. (I wonder if they read the Bible) They aro doing all they can to fulfill the decrees of Jehovah, whether they know it or not. The Jews said, in the day of Jesus, that if we let him alone, all men will believe in him, and the Romans ihlM com away our place and nation. John, xi 43. In 1830 this church was organized; it numbered very few members, but it received the same attention then, from the Clergy, as it now does from the Government, of the nation, They wished to crush it in its infancy, it was then said of us, "these Mormons are preaching to the Indians, they are in opposition to the government, they vote to one interest, they are he fUed, and whatra died. Acts xii 23. This is the work of God, and man with all his devices cannot overthrow it. Kanaij. L"- - ; t NOTES AND NEWS. Geotigk Eliot is in poor health, and will probably write no more hovels. Ex. Jane Eyre dramatized has been present- eu upon me siago in Lioweu, iuass. a, Dy going to protect, their homes and their families, we will drive them, wo will exter- minate them. In 1844 this feeling of enmity had spread through Missouri and into the State of Illinois. They took the prophets of God, Joseph and Hyrum Smith and did unto them that which they had long desired, they murdered them while under the protection of the Governor of the State of Illinois; and that same Governor,Thomas Ford, in along message to the House of Representatives, screened the murderers. (one of his plea's roads thus:) 4But the great cause of popular fury was, that the Mormons at several proceeding elections had cast their votes as aunit,'!(As if American citizens are not free to vote as they choose). Unity is a crime when connected with religion, according to. the views of Governor Ford and others of his class, and will bring .violence and monocracy. These enemies of the Mormons understand that unity is strength, and they say if we can divide them, bring discord among them, follow Balaams advice, send an army among them of young men, to seduce thejjr wives and daughters, and corrupt them, we can overthrow them, and then we can least ourselves, as wolves on the carcasses of the slain. But thoy know not the way of the Almighty. The wicked shall not always triumph. Tho Lord will come out of his hiding place, and vex the nations in his sore displeasure, when their cup of iniquity is full . The Lord has spoken it by the mouth of his holy prophets But now here is another thing that must be attended to (this polygamy) O. S. Hojis. ter Esq. in a question to President Taylor, inquired, was not the great object, of the . institsution of polygamy to rapidly increase the numbers of adherents to the, church? er . a - aa a-- uen-evie- ve Ward. It is said Queen Victoria lias expressed a great desiro to visit Canada. Report ia son of encourWales Prince the saysher aging her to do so and also to visit the United States. In Philadelphia, March 13, at the annual commencement of the Woman's Medical College, the degree of Doctor of Medicine was conferred on twenty lady graduates from various States in the Union Ex. PiiiNCEssE Louise Margaret Prussia was married, March 13th, to Queen Victoria's son Arthur, Duke of Connaught, at Windsor Castle. The affair was exceedingly brilliant, and the English papers dovoto column after column to tho dresses of the ladies and the elegant paraphernalia of the ) whole affair. The bill for Woman Suffrage in the Senate, and8 In the House tho vote stood seventeen to-- twen.four, and as tho Denver "Tribune" renot fifty-ibported. So that there was only a majority of seven against it; Judge, Haynes championed the bill and earned the thanks of all women, as did others who rendered good service. Ex, AnnA Metz Byland's " Women of Progress" a neat little paper of four pages la We have just now in Its first volumu. wo a have ever seen received copy the first of it, It Is full of interesting reading matter and certainly deserves patronage. One of Its mottoes Is; If the public want flrstrate newspapers they must pay for them liberal, ly, We should be pleased to have the paper added to our list of exchanges, as we have no woman's paper published in the' City of New York. Lill, ur -- I Colorado-passe- 