i Vol. SALT LAKE CITY.UTAH, JAN-- 7. ' The harp was her! favorite was a beautiful reader, her instrumeutj'she ' voice being sweet, and harmonious;' like the harp of David on the troubled mind of Israel's King, this charm is known to have wrought powerfully upon Napoleon; his own admission- was, "The applause! of the French people sounded ta my ear sweet as the voice of .Josephine.'! ; She was walking onb day w.nen very For the Exponkkt. ' A voice has gone forth from the Zion of God, Not loud, but 'tis deep, ye can hear it abroad: 'TIs the voice of her daughters, who rise in the name Of Jehovah, and flln jr. back the stigma of shame They are striving & throw on the noblest and best , That have planted their homes in the land of the West!" Setter take from their own eyesLthe beam that i$ there; Hush flrtt in Columbia the cry of despair .. v -That comes from the desolate children of shame, That are found in their streets with no home and no name; And give to their daughters the crown they have lost Their virtue give back, or f earful's the cost. For a cry has gone up to the throne of our God From the mothers' wrecked hearts crushed down to tho :'' , young with a party of .young ladies, when they, observed a woman engaged in telling the fortunes of a party of young girls who had gathered round her. When Josephine and her party drew near, tho sybil, as soon as she saw her, uttered a loud exclamation, and almost by force seized her hand; sho appeared greatly agitated. Josephine was amused, and said: "Do you discover anything extraordinary In my destiny?" She answered, "Yesf'you will be married early; and you that union will bring you sorrow, ' will become a widow; and then you will become Queen of France!" She thought of it only to laugh at; but as time rolled upon on, the words became so impressed her by the events of her. young ' life, that she came to regard their fulfilment as a matter of course. On the completion of her sixteenth year she became, the wife of Vicomte - Alexander de Beauharaais. r This was the first step in her destined greatness. . She loved tt his man with all the devotion of hex nature, and he was equally devoted x toher i Shfr ha two i childrenarbn and daughter, and, theso children seem, to have been almost idolized by their parents. Her son was. called Eugene, and afterwards became the Viceroy of :Italy; her daughter, Hortense, became ' subsequently. Queen of . JOSEriNE'WlPfcioFT ' AND ESlESS FRAN(DE. BY HAKNAilT: KING. '.' Holland.'! Now were rehearsed the scenes of that great and awful revolution which engulfed France I Beauharaais belonged to the ariswas sufficient to bring him tocracy, and-tha- t He" a was arrested by "order of under ban. Thero is something in the biographies of celebrated men and women that is ever In read10 oat interesting and instructive. ing them they hold up, as it were, a mirror by which we can compare ourselves in some measure, though .with a - difference. Wo see how they have enjoyed, how they have suffered,. how bravely they have strug- . gled through the .'.battle.-.o- .life, and . how admirable .and worthy of limitation they a have been through ail.: y. Tho Empress Josephine is one of those characters! Her life is full of singular and extraordinary events, even to a perfect ro- - , mauce. Her career was upward, till she stood the mostexal ted; woman in Europe yes,.'the world! Her beautyj her grace and elegance, her refinement; her. affability to alljtwhether: high or , low, won friends for her, in every phase ot her chequered life; even Jn prison, awaiting the announcement t of her under the, command of Robespierre, the presiding demon of the great French, revolution, this i delightful ; affability : never, forsook her, and she was the comforter, and tho soother of all the ladies who were her companions in the prison. In all these awfulscenes .she was ever; a woman. But I an- -. noble, sweetj womanly ' " -- , f : i . : . ; ; death-warran- - ( i ticipatc yi She, was born at St Pierro, tho capital of 1757- .- Her Martinico, on the 23d mother dying early, she was reafed by an, ' ont, who loved her as her own child. She received a liberal education and soma at;- -. . . of-June- : 1 : ; the committee and thrown Into prison', accusing' him of a conspiracy.- - During this sad period Josephine and her children ex- - perienced great 'privation, but her- - kind aunt took them to her homo and provided for them. At this time there were daily .executions "of innocent persons a hlood. thirsty spirit ' had possession of , of the f evolution. Josephino' was herself seized and; thrown In to prison th o Convent of the Carmelites 'During theso days of agony nearly eight5 thousand individuals were deliberately slaughtered by' a1 Jacq-bin- e mob In the various prisons ; of. Paris, and in a few weeks the husband of Josephine, unheard, untried, and nothing proved against him, save the suspicion of 'bad men, was ordered for execution and on tho 24th of J uly 1794, it was carried into effect! A few hours only snatched' Josephine from death; jhe warrant ,had been issued, and she must have died on the morrow had nqt the Dictator,- tho wicked, cruel Robespierre, fallen on, the night, of tho 26th.'; J " Josephine received tho last letter of her: husband, with "a locK of his i hair that ho had purchased from the executioner for her, some weeks after his death, and after read- -' ing it and copying it for her aunt, sho add- r ed ti Ygs,.I will live to cherish his memory, - the'-ruler- - ! s - wwi- mmm wfw mm - -.- m- v" V W3hrf mm- V mm told this in after years to her ladies, and added that she did not affect a courage which flhn fHrl nnt f aaI. fnr fthfrplf rtoranttriari Hat-her oracle was about to bo: realized "After : her release 'from prison i she and her children suffered much poverty and privation, and were relieved by kind friends, chiefly ladles. Sho says: "To Madame Dumolin I was Indebted for daily. bread.V .uvr xu Time rolled on, .Napoleon had in a mea- sure reaeemea JbTance from tho fearful state consequent upon me revolution..; josephino unu uiuii uim yuuo ur iwico in. asseniDlies, y and been1 iritrbd need' bu toinv beea'formeti' At this time Bonaparte was made Qeneral-In- -' 'chlef of ihe armyof the Interior;' and Com. 'maridant of .Paris.- - In this latter capacity It was that the hew General first obtained a particular Interview with; ' Josephine. As Military Governor; of the Capital he had been charged with.';dlsarmlng tho citizens. In this way the sword of tho 'Vlcbmto de f Beauliarfials had 'eome Into the possession - : I, mm . ; S w . : ' . L . ; , : . -- i,ike mist from the mount neath the sun's golden ray, For the kingdom will stand, as Daniel foretold, And the Banner of Truth is forever unrolled;. , Then gather around It, ye valiant and brave, In God is our trust, He Is mighty to save. ' : ' :" Hope. v. i . hd jovediones-sdIailenthi.irrbrigh- 1 . - And their tears o'er their desolate hearthstones are shed t hopes so dead; For their And the wail of the lost ones ascendeth on high, And vengeance on man; the dostwyer, Is!nigh ; They offer lprotectionHour fathers are here, Our husbands and brothers and all we revere; We have proved them before; we will trust them again, When they fail to aid usVour God will sustain. Ye. war wlh Jehovah, O perishing ma a," Tij lie who commanded us, He's in the van. You may marshal 1 your hosts, but they'll vanish away ., , - - to educate our childronj to love you much, .. my dear aunt, and my-- friends a little!" The same day she, received the knowledge of her husband's .fate sho was told to hold herself in readiness for death, as she was to bo removed: to. the t.Conciergery on the 10th, and thence to the guillotine. Several ladies were iier companions in: the awiul . prison of the Conciergery, and hearing the order to Josephine to prepare for death they were , lamenting ana weeping dreadfully. At length Jpsephine exclaimed that there nroo nnt aitAn flnmmnn ennov In linU that she shouid not )&le, but should yet be-- 5 come Queen of France ! f One ; of the ladies then said, with something of resentment, do you not r appoint your r " Vhy, , then, 1 household Ah ! ..tha is true,'? exclaimed Josephine, "I had forgotten. Well, my , ; dear, you shall bo maid of honorI prom- vise you the situation? Upon this all the ladies . wept, more, for : they thought her complishments.' A VOICE WITH INSTRUCTION; SO(l; No. 16. d5f , . Jnti-!mach- ad " -- 1 " ' . ..'To be continued. V The:! Decision of; the fSupremo- Courts confirmlrig that of t the Supreme Court of this Territory declaring the? - - antl-polygam- ic law of 1862 constitutional, occasioned surprise In this commuuityv Not that the Latter-da- y Saints expected any particular leniency from the government of which, they, form a part their past history, written .in their own.blood, partly, showing them too well what they might expect as a final issue 6f tho matterbut it was sup. posed that the palpable inaccuracies which marked the Reynold's trial, here would come to the notice of the Supreme Court of the nation, and that on theso discrepancies the case would be remanded for now trial. But the constitutionality of the law of 1862 Is now established;. : What are you going to do about it?Via :the question now Pfc :? Jho Mormons. J tWhat wo have ever done-tru- st in Almighty God who rules .the destinies of nations' and protects all who love and serve Hlnrfrom those who' seek their overthrow. Wo do not fear tho Issue, for wo now appeal from earth to heav ven; from man to man's Creator. con-ffiidera- ble . 1 ; - - 