WOMAN? OBITUARY 1879, Feb;, of James Died, at Bouth Cottonwood, Mrs. Sophia Godfrey, wife Godfrey, mourn to leaving a husband and large family her loee. Bi&ter Godfrey was baptizedTnto this Church when quite young, and emigrated to Utah with her father and mother in the first company in 1856. The father was taken sick on the plains, and ehe, although a very young girl, aided her mother very materially during his illness; he died at the Sweetwater, and they continued their journey acroes the plains undei a complication of difficulties, proving their firmnees in the faith of the Gospel. The mother died a few years after their arrival here, leaving the care of the younger hand-car- t sister to Sister Godfrey, to whom she has been Sister mother, sister, counselor and friend Godfrey has been a worthy and active member of our Relief Society since its organization, faithful to every duty; also a kind and indulgent wife and mother. We deeply sympathize with the bereaved hutband and the orphan children, deprived of a mothei's love and protecting care, and" trust the Lord will succor them in this their severe affliction. M.i G. Young. EDITORIAL NOTES. We aro very grateful to our friend and brother, C. R. Savage, Esq., of the Fine Art Gallery, who presented us recently with an excellent likeness of President John Taylor neatly framed; we like to bo remembered in this way, and it is always pleasant to see the faces of our friends looking down upon us when at work in the office. President Eliza. R. Snow, accompanied by Pres. M. Isabella Home, of Salt Lake Stake R. S., went to Pleasant Green, Brighton Ward, on Sunday tho 9th int, and while there assisted Bishop Schoenfeld in organizing a branch of the Relief Society in that place. Sister Charlotte Hurst was elected President, Sisters Ann Bertosh and Frances Hardman, Counselors, Fanny Jenkins, Secretary, Alico Crockwell, Assistant Secretary, and Sarah Coon, Treasurer. This makes thirty-sibranches of R. S. in Salt Lake County. We Received from our dear fri nd and Mrs. Sara Androws Bp' :;cer, in pamphlet form the Majority an l Minorx co-work- er ity Report of tho United States Senate Committee on Privileges and Elections for and against "A Sixteenth Amendment to the Constitution prohibiting tho several States from disfranchising United States citizens on account of sex. The Minority report was made by Senators Hoar of Mass.,Mitch-el- l of Oregon, and Cameron of Wisconsin. The pamphlet arrived too late for us to mal'o much mention of it, but will give our readers the opinions of tho Minority as" soon as practicable irr their own words. The First Quarterly Meeting of the -- Primary Association of Farmington was held in the Farmington Meeting House Saturday, March 8tb. Mrs. Aurelia Spencer Rogers presiding. By invitation we attended, accompanied by "Mrs. Louio Felt and Miss Maggie Freeze, the President and Secretary of the 11th ward P. A. of this city. There were 133 children present,and good order and quiet was observed by all. Tho exercises were short and very the singing which was spirited and melodious. Mrs. Felt told them something of the manner in which she conducted her Association; the lady is a very interest-iug,especial- ly S EXPO N E NT . pleasing speaker and cannot fail to interest children. Miss Freeze, a child of 13, spoke to that large assembly without hesitation ; it was wonderful to see .this littlo girl stand up and bear her testimony in such a sincere and earnest manner, and such a growing interest among the young cannot fail to bring about great and grand results. The Primary Association of tho EIov-ent- h Ward gave a grand Jubilee on Wednesday evening, the 12th inst. Mrs. Louie Felt with her counselors had charge of the entertainment, and conducted it so perfectly as to make it a grand success. Some of the children were only five years old, yet performed their part nicely. The opening scene was a chorus, "Sweet Bye and Bye," by seventy.five children, which was an inspiring melody chanted forth by so many fresh young voices. The song Alice Ben Bolt was rendered by a child five years old, Laura Denney; she sang it through without being prompted. There was a great variety of songs, dialogues and recitations all by little children. The performance closed with the Charade of Matrimony, the part of Lady's Maid was acted in a very charming and sprightly manner by Miss Maggie Freeze. These Juvenile entertainments wsll develop capabilities olherwiso dormant in the littie folks, and they must have RESPECT AND SELF-CONTRO- I am often led to reflect L. on the lack of respect that is shown in our intercourse with each other, especially among the most intimately associated husbands and wives, parents and children, brothers and sisters, and companions bound together by 6trong and hcly ties, are all more or less guilty; and it always appeared strango to me that disrespect should be more common among those who have every reason to love, than it is among friends or mere acquaintances. It cannot spring from lack of affection, because it is often the case that those who love most aro tho most guilty; as tho poet says, "Oft for our own the bitter tonct Tho' wo love our own the best." It does not spring from want of thought, bccau.se we can nearly always bo thoughtful enough to avoid tho error while in the presence of strangers; so I have to come to the conclusion that the most fruitful source of The disrespect is the want of adversary often tries us sorely through our nearest and dearest ones. Tis often they who force us to drink the very dregs of bitterness, surely not because they design to afflict us, but they do not gain the mastery over the angry thought, or impatient word, that always makes such deep wounds; for though unkind words may fall apparently unheeded, they never fail to make an un- 211 or "speak as they don't feel;" a littlo deception might bo better Jh such a case. We will never regret checking ourselves when about to say something very sarcastic and taunting", something which an evil spirit would convince us was just tha right thing to say; but oh, how many times do and power wo regret the want of to resist the tempter." We are all capable of inflicting pain,' and often do even when studying to avoid it, and tho heart cannot be right where there ia premeditation. I think wo allow bur personal feelings to influence U3 too much in our conduct toward each other. We do not stop to consider a self-contr- person's age, theirs superior --qualities and thn mnnv plflimn thuv liavt unnn rmr rpsnfvt or even reverence, but should they offend us, we consider ourselves perfectly justified in treating them with any degree of disre-- , spect that will satisfy a feeling of revenge, for call it what you will it is revenge. and tender Manifestations of our affection are not proper and wise at all times, but respect and kindness aro never out of place; they are acceptable to all. Especially should we be guarded in our deportment towards parents in the presence of their children, for who feels capable of bearing the responsibility of teaching, by example, a child to disrespect its parents. Doubtless all parents have fallings that they are striving nara to overcome, are iney xo Who be discovered by their children? would be cruel and heartless enough to draw the vail aside, teach a child to disregard that binding command to "Honor tby father and thy mother?" Need I speak upon the duty of respect to the aged? That should be among our first lessons, and never lost Bight of. There may be things that we all understand, but it is good and may be very profitable for some of us to have our minds refreshed upon subjects that so greatly affect our every day happiness, and everthing that tends to our peace and happiness is of the Gospel, and should claim our study. May wro each seek to be guided by tho Spirit of God in. every thought, word and action, and thus will wo bo inspired to respect tho rights, privileges and feelings of each other, preserving peace in our own hearts whilo we are laboring crown hero on earth for that never-fadin- g of glory that i laid up for those who falter not by tho wayside, but endure faithful to tho end. df-e- p Lillie Freeze. self-controL favorable impression, How often would wo save ourselves tho humiliation of seeking forgiveness, if wo would seek to be governed more by principle and less by impulse. The older we grow the more clearly will wo see the beauty and wisdom of It will shield us from so many of the little vexatious trials that spring entirely from bur own fault, no matter how much we may think others to blame. Some people pride themselves upon always "speaking as they feel;" that is very good it they always feel right, and if they do they must b exceptionally shuuld sometimes good; but in case-the- y feel a3 Across as two sticks," gloomy and self-control- . impatient, they had better either bo silent ol FROM LAIE. The following items are from a private letter written by Sister Jane E. Molen, . Feb. 5th, 1879. "I havo just been preparing "I of string beans to cook for dinner; think you coufd onjoy our beani, raddishes and tiir-njp- 3. We are having rains off and bn every day; our "dry Laio" is looking and fresh it makes xmr Elders feel quite enWe are looking for couraged. Brother Richards every day. Ho was wcl I when last heard from. The mission is slowly progressing, the health of tho Elders usually good. Brother Alexander and wife so-gice- n live with us; they are a nice intelligent young couple. Sister Dean lives, in tlje yard, and we are all feeling first rate and thankful things are so prosperous with us, so fa away from homo and Zion. Brother Molen joins in kind regards to yourself and family, and to all friends wo may inquire after us " 