WO 40 retreat to tho other. Thus our actor arid Author made periodical visits te his .native town, aDd had bought its principal house some fifteen years before quitting tho me tropolis. Heaven help the rnan who lacks a home in which to embody his earthly ideals if he have success in life, or as the amiable sanctuary from disaster in it! Shakespeare came back to Stratford about 1611, some years before he was fifty, with the means of li ving at ease and repairing visibly the decayed fortunes of the family. Must he not have desired to sink tho shop by leaving behind the theatre, which was lor him the shop? For answer. It may be remembered that he wrote in his sonnets: 'Alas.'tis true, I have tone here and there, And made myself a motley to the view. ' for my sake do you with fortune cblde, The guilty god dees of my harmful deeds, That did not better for my life provide, Than public means, which public manners brteds. Thence comes It that my name receives a brand, And almost thence my nature Is subdued To what It works In, like the dyer's hand; Pliy me then, and wish I were renewed." O We would bring no railing accusation though, in the against the "player-folk,light of the sonnets, would Shakespeare more likely have Joined, on the question of that life, its clerical and other eulogists, or the Macreadys, Booths, and Mrs. Kemble, with her account of her own loathing Jor It, orul nt th chastlv vacuitv of her aunt's last days, that queen of the stage, Mrs. We know it 13 claimed there is no sodality more ready to succor its needy members, and we may readily believe that the gentle, worthy ana oeiovea anakespeare, as men were wont to call him, was a pretty general favorite, none the less that heap-pea-rs to have been capable of taking care of himself, without asking favors, and not above acting inferior parts. We know, too, 0 Sid-do- ns? nhnnt. in hfi mintprl WPffl doubts .written for no .one eImor calling less no one has a monopoly of the rivalries, ),nf V.a Unna disappointments, and ungenerous prattlcea which they describe; but, perhaps, the common judgment would little as any exempt from their scope the professors of the his- but for the somewhat too grand and spacious church, a perfect setting for Gray's Elegy. In such features as these, and in a certain glorified atmosphererStratford and Weimar seem to us much akin. The German town has the advantago that its theatre is, if we mistake not, as much a contemporaneous monument of its classic age as is the church where Herder preached, and the Grand-duca- l palace with its mementos of Goethe's taste. Perhaps the presenco of a theatre was as indispensable for Goethe's content in Weimar asn home, as its absence for Shakespeare's in Stratford. But we will condone the theatre's intrusion into ford, if the memorial library under the same roof bo one where we can see all the early folios, and the sumptuous editions on which London aldermen have ruined themselves and the best editions on which scholars have spent labors of love, and above all, if the can bestow upon Shakespeare those beautiful illustrations which, paid to the Weimar galaxy of poets on the frescoed walls of the Ducal residence, the homeliike, chaste, and elegant among palaces, seemed to us the most appropriate memorials ever awarded to genius. One can stand in few places upon earth as impressive as the chancel of the church in 8tratford, where he looks down upon the inscription of tho pavement that covers Shakespeare's ashes' and up to his mural bust We may compare with it in a degreo the tomb of Napoleon under the dome of the Invalids, and the sarcophagus of Frederic the Great, in the Garrison Church at Potsdam. But where shall we find any parallel to our reflections as we stand in Shakespeare's early home in Henley street, and think upon the miracle, that out of this humble house proceeded the greatest prodigy of human nature, to express whose range of thought and feeling Required a vocabulary double that of Milton, the art-galle- ry im-'perso- ioh of hTgh na t i ve'po wers per fee t e d by the finest cultivation ?Tho Watchman. Cambridge, April 23, 1879, TO THE LADIES trionic art: ! JDJVXJD Tinner, Gas, WaterFOB& Steam Fitter -- i' mm CELEBRATED LIFT MD FORCE PUI3PS. PamiMi Repaired oh short notice. ezrOrders from the country promptly responped to.-f- ea Address, David James, EopgW, Salt LaJce City. immm m-mome-i- ube. Sneli'a Soap, warranted First Glass, Harris' Soap, Washboards, (Zinc) - Brooms, - Bars for 25 Cents. 3 Bars for 20 Cents. - 35 Cents eaoh & - - ... 35Cerjtseach ALSO Cassimores $1.00 to $125 per Yard, JZLTJiKLm. rHitc. JOHN (V CUTLER, Agent, Old Constitution Building. Palace of Fashion, No. 17 East Temple Street mm. c. e: dye the of Salt and those Desires ladles I alee visiting Conference to call at htr show room and see her new stock of MILLTNKKY Tho latent and most Hah mode of stj Hats and Bonnets In Straw, Felt and Veh et, Als- a nicw Section in f lowers- Feathers, P.ushes, Velvetand la the !at?t-- shade s and strlpt-Country Ladies. Hair work in all its brauvhe.oealers, p! ase call - Gkxxi wor guaranteed. - - Kib-bo- t Z. - O. JSL. T. Wholesale and Retail Dealing' in all kinds of DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, IIEA VY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND Q UEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL UBW 1M PLEMNETS, &c. S P R mO GOODS ARRIVING DAILY, IV THE LATEST NOVELTIES Ladies' Bows iu 8iik and Lace. Ties a large variety. ColJara, Cuff and RibbonB, an variety. New Btjle. Dresa Good?. ut And in fact everything you want in general merchandise. Conference visitors, call at FRENCH JLAIR ic9ii not you should do so at nce, and examine the New IF )dea In 8ewing Machine Construction The New Macblue Is elegant in app?aartct- and admirable in operaand w tboni ny none a-- confution, ruos very Is very bUh. Ire belt sion although the rate of tpe-seitinr and t If threading bu'tle, and absence r feprlDKS aDd cort renders 1: both rlmple and durable. Be s re to see it, for its general advantages will make you its friend. Victor Sewing Machine Co,, Chicago, III. ns s ex-oelle- HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEW victor ' AO EST ' - RU KSEY'S -- You foully thrust a brother down, And with his broken heart, or life, Purchased your bauble of a crown. Wear It; but of remorsful thought In vain j ou struggle to bo rid. The triumph Is ioo dearly bought JAKES, (Successor to Mitchell & Jatpes,) Corsets, Sbou'der Brace?, Skirt upporles, HEALTH Dracep, and Abdominal rale or mad o order, by P K, HMiPBtf, rupporier.for Firet outh Stieet, . ntarly opposite Theatre. Mrs.ZlNA D. Y.TJG, agent for this Territory. Phi aiciaas and LadUs, call and examine, the race, the battle fight, . seize at last the prize; eager, And, Its in The nectar goblet bright Is yours to drain 'neath beauty's eyes. Yet are these honors out of date, They would not come when they were bid: The longed-fo- r draught is all too late Surglt amari allquid.' Or, haply, In the cruel strife 'l'ou run TORE. Ladles are requested to call and examine 'the most of Curls, Braids, Switches, Etc. complete apsortment at Keduccd Prices. All kinds of Hair Work made up In the mest Artlstlo style. Oash paid for Iluman Hair and Oombinrs. -JOSEPHINE GREGORY, Salt rLai city. - 87 KirabaH Block. d d 'Surglt amari aliquld " Why, then, import tho theatre, a monument of so much that Is sad and unworthy In humanity, both simulated and real, in many of the characters acted, and many of the players who have acted them, into one of earth's ideal spots of peaceful and refined Isolation from fierce excitement ot business and pleasuro? Such Stratford seemed to us on a "summer's night and morning, now seven years gone. Two visits we paid to the homo ot his boyhood and one to the church of his attendance and , burial. Refinement, In one aifd a repeated word, gathers up our impressions of Stratford s. The place seems to have been finished three centuites ago, and to bo conscious, with a quiet, unpretending dignity, of tho historic and poetio eclebri ty whlch then began to be added to lanes and church-yarthe latter, -fi- d, MAF 8 - EXP O NE NT. eld,-Btream, O. II. RlGQa, Agent, H La.be VHy. -- AIST FICE"P 8tIar8 ln Old Constltuiion Bullu'nffi Residence six blocks eas t of Post Office, south side of peclal study has been given to Obstetrics, diseases of . womfo. and ItlRS. ELLIS R. SHIPP, XHYttIOXlV ROM&Km B. PRATT, PKirsiciAjji ahd flunoaorj, DISEASES of the EYE AND, EAR. XJIt EOIV, Has opened ber Medical Class at her residence in the Ward, tiro blocks ani a half cast er the Post Office soutbswe of the street) ncany opposite ihe Prekbyteriaa Church. Spec:al attention given to Obstetric, and diseases of ' women. 13tb NEW SPRING STOCK. F. AUERBACH & BROTHER, 55 East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. Five hundred pieces of Dirss Goods, Embroideries, Ruch-!nfFive Hundred pairs Kid Glres, Trimmings, Ladles' Ties, Cu ! and Collars lOOJDartorms of itiboous. j: Largest Wholesale Millinery Stock In the Wesu Motions, Boots ana Shoes, Gents' and Uqt' Clotttfa and JPunusfclnr Goods. ' jEiiDiisrwooiDETr. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEAUEH IJ? FURNITURE SPRING BEDS, WIRE MATTRESSES ers &, to.to. I BAB Y 75 77 & 79 "Wall and 1ZT. . Paper ' '.'.- -2L CARRIAGES: First South St., Salt Lake .City 