Some signs marked upon the envelop had told her all Bhe wanted to know; bat iho letter itself contained no writing. ttWe are both so poor!" ahe added, "and so we invented this mode of corresponding, and prepaying our letters." The traveler continuing- - his road, asked himself If a system giYiug pisvcv iu uucu intuus was nut a vicious one. The sun had not set before Mr. Rowland BIU (that was the name of . the traveler) had planned to organize the postal service upon a new basis. He said, ; that in England, where family ties are atroog, and where the members often live iar apart, where, too, the spirit of commerce knows no limits, thft "rnnfimnndftnrft was only, limited by the cost of the post; and that, by lower Jog this barrier, a great service would be rendered to society, without hurting the resources of the treasury. These views wro ntrrped tn hv th a English Government, and on the 10th of January, lb40, not more than a penny was paid for letters which circulated over the whole extent of the British Isles. Thisjxdd scheme soon surpassed the hopes of the legislators. Teh years later, in 1850, the number of letters increased from 1,500,000 to 7,239,-96Mr. Rowland Hill occupied, in England. th a nnfjnf-HWrAtflrtn ai , fi i? rom me a rencn. 2. thn-nnstm- nB. w a A icr-gener- v-i ai. HOUSEHOLD HINTS (a.ntn Q into green tomatoes and twelve or fourteen good-size- d onions, two quarts of vinegar, one pound of sugar, two tablespoonfuls of salt, two of ground mustard, two of black pepper, one tablespoon of allspice and one of cloves. Mix all and stew until tender, stirring often lest they should scorch. Put up in small glass jars. This is veiy nice for almost nwrv kind nf mftn.t or fish HvAAn ...1Vkv rrtt IfrtM Spiced Tomatoes. Two pounds of nice ripe tomatoes, one pound of brown sugar, one-ha- lf pint of good cider Tinegar, one dozen cloves and two dozen grains of allspice. Put these ingredients into a preserving kettle and stew them over a slow fire. When they have been sufficinetly long to cook the tomatoes tolerably well take them up and place them on a dish to cool, but continue boiling the syrup slowly. When the tomatoes become cool put them back into the syrup and boil them until they are of a dark red color, then take them out again, put them on a dish to cool and continue boiling until it is as thick as molasses. When the tomatoes and syrup are both cool put them in jars and tightly seal. New Mode of Preparing Beefsteak. Procure a nice round steak; spread over it a dressing made of ono quart of bread crumbs soaked iu boiling water, and seasoned with butter, salt, pepper and sage to taste. Theu'make the steak, spread with this di casing, into, a roll, after the manner of roll Tie itrbund and round with cord to keep it together. Place it ia a dripping pan with a littl3 water, and bake in a moderate oven. Dip the water over the steak "with a large spoon several times during the process of baking. After taking from the oven, remove the cord and slice the roll for the table. )t is very nice, either warm or cold. jcll-cak- . 1 e. is better than riches. Wisdom guards thee, but thou must guard thy riches. Riches diminish in the using, but wisdom increases In the use'of It Arabic ' Proverb. Bis not diyerted from your duty by any idle reflections the silly world may make upon you. for their censures are not In your power, and consequently should not bo any part of your concern, Epictetus. Thankful Taylor, of Washington, now seventy years old, has proven what energy an d perseverance may; accomplish under difficult circumstances. When young she had a great yearning for knowledge, and as she was poor and could not easily obtain the advantages of a liberal education, she worked and bought her own books, and pursued her studies as she stood at the spin, ning wheel, In this way she became a thorough Greek, Latin and English scholar, and also learned ecclesiastical and profane history, medicine, science and general MBS z ; . (Successor to Miichea A Jecwes) . Tinner, Gas; Water & Steam Fitter LIFT IKD BUHSETS; CELEBRATED ! rthtE PtJBlPS. Pattiprf Repaired on akort notice. aarOrders from the country promptly responped to.-- s Address, David James, Box 306, Bait Lake City. SOMBTUING NEW HOME-MAD- E. i s... Smell's Soap, warranted First Class, " : 3 pars for 25 Cents. : S Bars for 20 Cents. Harris' Soap, - 35 Cents each Washboards, (Zinc)- ' 35 Cents each ... Brooms, The French savant Dr. Bertillon has given the result of his study of the mortality statistics of every country of Europe. He comes to the conclusion that marriage is conducive to health long life, and morality, that it is, so to speak, a limited insurance against disease, crime, and suicide. He says that a bachelor of twenty-fiv- e has not a better prospect of life than a married man of forty-fivthat mong widowers of e to thirty the rate of moral, from twenty-fivity is as great as among married men of to sixty. Taking the French from fifty-fivbills of mortality, he shows that while the antral death rate amoftg married men be- A FULL STOCK OF YAltNS, ALSO Cassiineres $LOO 'V'"2 - - to $125 peilyard. JOHN C. CUTLER, Agent, Old Constitution JiaildiDg. e; Palace QfFashiont : Desire the ladiei of Salt Lake and thoee rishiny Conference to call at &cr show rooms and see her new stock of M ILL I NEK Y The latest and most stilish mode of Hats and Bonnets In Straw, Felt and Velvet, r Also a nice tween twenty and twenty-fiv- e years of 10 is age rather under per 1,000, bachelors of that age die at the rate of 16, and widowers at tho rate of 19, per 1,000. These figures apply to the whole of France, while taking Paris, it appears that the rate for men of between twenty and twenty-fiv- e years of age is 15. 7 per 1,000 for married men, 27 per 1,000 for bachelors, and 32 per 1 000 for widowers. With advanced life selection in Flowers, Feathers, Plushes. Velvet and Ribbons in the latest shades and stripes Country dealers, work In all its branches. Good please call- , Ladteailair work ruaranteed. 1 , - ., - ,,.L Z. rm :; O. ri ,. I. ; Wholeaale.and Retail. Deallmr ; ;ba all kinds of ; DR Y GOOM NOTIONS, GROCERIES HEA VY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND- QUEENSWARE 'A GRIC UL TTJRa 1MPLEMNETS, &c. the difference goes on increasing- - - AT WW TEASDEL'S J tlHE MRS. ELLIS R. SHIPP, PHYSICIAN AJ$T East Temple Street. cTi. dye r.iRSi e iVb 17 HXJIiO J20F b6r MUca! Claw at her raldencein the 1 CIT . Special deparments for., Gent's Clothing and Carpets, Ladies and Children Shoes, Dry Goods, Shawls ' ancl Domegtic, Hardware Groceries, and St6ves. 13thaLopned ward, two block and a half east ef the Poet Office south side of the street, neony opposite tho Presbyterian Church. Special attention given to Obstetrics, and dlseasos of women. DRIED FRUITS TO THE LADIES WANTED. of all CLASES ! Corsets, Shoulder Braces Skirt Supporters, HEALTHBraces, and Abdominal tale or FRENCH HAIR STORE. made 10 order.-bP. K HAUPBU,bupporters.for First touth 8treet, nearly opposite Theatre. Mrs. ZINA D. YOUNG, aent for this Territory. Physicians and Ladies, oall and examine. y o . . HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEW , mm sum t j Ladles are requested to call and examine the most complete assortment oX Curia, Braids, Siritchos, Etc at Reduced Prices. j All kinds of Hair Work made op in the meat Artistic style. Cash paid for Human H&ir and Com blurs. JOSEPHINE GREGORY. Bait Lake City. 87 Kimball Block. -- .it RQHAIJIA B. PRUfT; not you should do so at -- nee, and examine the New IF idea in Sewing Machine Construction The New Machine is elegant In appearance and admirable in opera-tiornns very easily and wrthom any noise confusion, altboug-- the rate of speed is very high. Its and elf threading buttle, and absence of and cots renders it both ilmple and durable. Be springs sure to see It, for ita general advantages will mako you its friend. Victor Sewing Machine Co,, Chicago, Til. O. ir. 1IIGUS Agent, 81 1 Lake City. n, a-- d h self-setti- ng -- rxTsrozczAta' OFFICE-r- jp F. AUERBACH & BROTHER, 55 East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. nunoiiorj, ; Women, and - - DISEASES of tho EYE AND t3 AH. . JDJrVTCDOlD'JBTS: WBOLXSJLLM NEW QPR1HG STOCK. Ad stlars, , in Old Constitution - Bulld'nrt Residence six blocks east of Post Office, south tide of .. , . v' , street. been Special study has to flren Obstetrica, dleaaea of - jLKp RIZASL'VZALXji rjr FURNITURE SPRING BEDS, WIRE MATTRESSES. Feathers Wall AWD BABY GPaper i r GJL R JiJ.AO E 8. 75, 77 679 First South St., Salt l&Yt"Ml 