FFor the Exponent. JERUSALEM. Jeiusafera God'a chosen Onef Ypur hour of gloim is nearly done, Tho curse of desolation d rear AloueJ ths tiai3 to Wesidraw3 near. Tbe one tbat died upon tte Tree, Unto Jehovah pleads for thec: Oh, scattered Israul hear tb xpteQ, ... Christ, and let your hearts njo'ce, He's cftl ling for his children home, From eery land wherein they roam, From every Nation near a nd far, From famine, ptstilence and war. What eye so blind tbatajrinnot 02, The promises of God to tfcee: Thy doom, and th? redemption told, By prophets in the days of old. Melliinjcs the heart oT Jutfab must, With ou(; deep throb leap Irouj the dust, Suake on tho slumber and the chains, And shout the God of Israel rtlns, Of -- -- back yoijnsr men and old, waves from Ocean rolled, mighty Bringing their wealth to build again, Their temples aud redeem the plain. As toa sha'l ransomed be, Thy daug-hterBeneath their ouo loved olive tree, And str;ite aain to joyous sous The Harp that'd been unstrung' so lone. s be, Horu. CHARACTER SIXTH. IIV HANNAH T. KING. The next picture ray gallery presents is a metapnysical sort o: cnaracter, but I plead .guilty to some degree, of favoritism with repaid to it! Still, I ever desire to be impartial, for none ought to sit as a judge who lack this God like attri bute. ....:.rr,.. Here is a lino organization, lull aud muscular, sensitive and nervous almost to disease but the moral stamina of tho character holds these ever with a commanding will, and they are seldom apparent now; The mental and physical blend harmoniously, and' hence produce a happy temperament. This character has had tho schooling of a full life, which has strengthened its prudence and brightened its wisdom; it has an intuitive knowledge of "people we meet," and of course of--' associates and friends. It is liberal and most charitable, and gratitude is a striking feature. It is capable of great mental and physical suffering, both of which it has passed through, and has become, calm, content and loving life! Its manners aro indicative of this, and I supppse they may be called "taking" generally; but as there are such diversities of tastes, perhaps they may not please all! but that neither adds or detracts from them; they are at any rate as nature made them, for never were anything more unstudied. Probably this may be considered the fault; n'importe, we have, no time to tako the trouble to discuss this point. They (the manners) carry the heart of the being, and hold it up to the gazo of associates; and this heart is so warm that it forces, perhaps, !tho exotics of nature, which the world's frostincss nips and sends them back chilled and shriveled, and this has caused sorrow and disappointment. But times aud correct this precocious folly in the school of experience, arid the heart has love, joy, peace, a love ot truth, from whatever sourco it comes, honesty, candor and sincerity! Tis possessed of social and do. raestic virtues, fond of retirement, almost solitude, yet when launched into society -- half-time- s a zest that nature evidently points that way; but .if is only the few that can attract, or magnetize! Great lovos of books oh! they have been the pearl dissolved in tho cup of life the jeweled link in life's iron chain! A strong spice of poetry and romance in the composition; oyer romantic, the worldling would say, delightfully, deliciously so, the creature itself defines it, declaring it the "philosopher's stone," that converts all into gold, giving a vision "coleur do rose!" But remember with all these idealisms, suffi ciently plodding to be industrious and useful, never eating the bread of idleness, or becoming a drono in the hive. Haughty and proud, but still gentle and "humble, these extremes aro sometimes remarkably blended; the development of either depended upon who handles tho character, or how it is handled ! may be led by a silken tnreaa, it love holds it, may be propelled by a feather plucked from the ddwny wing of love; but a rod of iron, held by the hand of tyranny, changes the aspect, and like tho biting frost of winter fossilizes beauty and happiness; hasty and impetuous, but held in by the reins of self control, quiet and enduring, generous, very; a soul made for worship, consequently highly devotional; temperament pensive and poetical; temper under good control, considering the volcanic strata it passes through; ' disposition good, calm, collected, and con. centrated; firm, fond and faithful, cautious, conscientious and conciliating; to these may occasionally bo found some antipodes "tho flaws and blots that flesh is heir to." The sketch is ended, as far as I intend to develop it, and tho sitting is over. " And Our Father, Gol to thee we pray, Hasten the glad the promised day, When Canaan's band eball Canaan' And Zion ba redeemed and free. enjoys it (if congenial) with Character Seventh. I was asked to write this character, and desire to do so truthfully, commencing with appearance; forassurediy "the spirit makes tho form," unless it has lived In prison and one of royal calibre will find a way to break the bands and force tho lock sooner or later. Moderate height and sturdy figure, tho "tout ensemble" decidedly aristocratic; light hair, very blue eyes, the expression of the same, especially at times, riveting and remarkable; great character in the mouth, which is rather large; forehead rather broad than high the whole countenance conveying a very pleasing expression, and by no means devoid of that which exhibits force aud high tone. Byron would have decided upon the high birth of this lady by her s mal h a n d a n d foo t. This wo man was bo r n regal, but she did not know it; does shef know it even now, when half her life is, over upon, the earth? I doubt it. Then awako from thy dumber, fair lady,, and "know thyself" and thy consequent responsibilities! Thju hast tho warm, full blood of Ephraim flowing in thy veins, aud would have made a Judith, or a Jeptha's daughter 10 ucn a rather! thou Jiast been in a grand 1 -- of experience, walk calmly, walk cautiously, bo not in haste, large bodies move slowly, and thou art not small. Ven'fcchool eration is visible, yet not so largo as to be ever fanatical; not deficient in appreciation of tho sublsmo and tho beautiful; benevolence large not apt to soar into idealitv, having had sufficient ballast to bo held on TernMirma; order gOvd, but not excruciating; loves children, but does not deify them; has lacked not self-appreciation- acquainted with herself sho will be more tuuuuuiu, wilt nrct iiiu giuuuu utui ucucaiu her, fcqt, and will throw out a little more of the sweet abandon of iior cnaracteK J?ear not such an ono as I am depicting can ncver.be vulgar, but merely make at1 more artistic, neediugziroiwrappings but the sim- .r.;? pie drapery of truth, . This character would have excelled as an actress; she has many suitable requisites for such a positionher voice - alone would thrill an audience, and her reading and rendition would have "filled the bill.1" "She should cultivate speaking as an art should learn to .lecture; she could do it, did- she' but unfold hftrself from Jjq1 wrappings "placed upon her in the3 nursery and the t and brain; schoolroom, binding tho former, being tho mightiest organ, has - both-hear- ...... fhnf-welL'wn must her fit. mso. y fnrtrnf O'"- Tr must, any eyo is upon us; artistic actors always raise their eyes.above their audience, that they may not see or bo influenced by it; in this way thoy escape the magnetism -- of :? .eye3 and are free. A good neighbor, a firm friend; where she pofesses to be, a devoted mother and a faithful wife. , Need more be said?; Yes, much more might bo said, and the crown of all islhat she 13 a faithful Ijatterday-SaintHero opens the grand field upon which eh. can stretch herself, walking likd 'a good soldier through the deserts of tho same, yet basking sweetlyupon every 'oasis she meets with in her pathway. Herd is tho granu ineatro or ner Tuturo Hie. extenainGT into the eternities. My sister, call out thy soulFand let thy sisters rejoice at tne sound - viuuBHuu iBB Huujecia emuieoi ui in j n wxxifrom the ea me. No longer doubt yourself, for such doubts nre traitors, and make you lose the good you oft might win. i Bless your sisters in. the asseinbliesof the Saints n rV IhO Iiq mi irKiiila wil uiv. iiuuuuiiuuo Ul UIU nil atiu ly imv; will appreciate you. Trust invGodopen i ir : your mouth, and lie will flll.it. ear Tho of the writer of these few words will listen for tho fulfillment of her asser- nous; biw sneaKs w7iin connuence. npransn she knows the material is there. 'May she. feel that sho has struck ohnrflz ihnt ha awakened "A Harp pf a thousand strings,", - . ; , -- -- rft 1 hn-T'.hv- rfrn ; LITERARY WORK. We edit i n o u r Associatiok at PI easan t Grovo a manuscript paper called tho "Young Polk" '.fi V'UllLU e, f 1 arl n n A ArfvnMfrt.il. at1 . :lt v ,uvllvl Ji U Li I UtlVA conjointly, by a member from each' Associa- - t 1 A 11 kJ tinn (ihn" VniinfT r AfnnaUMIIU onrl tV:r . mA.vI XVUU lilU Vau . ' T JLJlX dies'), and is issued monthly,-th- o editor reading it at tho month!y7 joint session of uiu xuouymuuus, aim it nas proven a vcrv interestincr fciituro nf fHpsa moiiinj Tho first number was issued in June,187tf, and it has continued; to appear: regularly e ver sine. It contains e? say on religious," moral and educational subjects, local items,' tho news of tho dav. wit vertisements, and, in fact, :any subject that -is considered 'of general interest to tho young people, In tho later ' numbers, the' "History of Pleasant Grove' has been be- uuu. uuiHiuencxng irom ino aato of tho first wagon track made to Pleasant Grovn1 Tn 1850, and continuing to the present time. r s . : ' This hfstnrv wrlftftn WaI.'w settlers, is very 'interesting, especially to c L - ... ' ,, realizing her own individuality, and so like ono in tho dark sho has feared to advance another, step; but she "is emerging into tho light, and henceforth her walk. Will ho moro decided; and a? sho becomes - - , .w vuujuiuuilj', :':H.'A; Winters.' said an GXnnIstfrt ihn other day, "I want you to tell me what I can put into my head to makp it rihtt ho "It wants nothing hu t hrains,", , said ... . pnysician. ' - "DAWKTER,,, . . " . , 