WOMAN'S EXPONENT, UTAH WOMAN'S PRESS CLUB. forces of womanhood which are enfolded within the lines of the National Council of Women. FIRST DECADE OF ITS ORGANIZATION. At the April meeting Mrs. Margaret A. Caine was officially appointed a delegate to the Council of Women s Clubs. The burn ing question 01 the hour, the situation between Spain and America owing to the blowing up of the Maine in the harbor of Havanna, whereby nearly three hundred citizens had been ruthlessly hurled American were appointed on the Education committee, 1 in times of peace, was fully world of the out namely: Dr. Onelle Curtis, Helen V. KimPublic discussed. A letter was read ball and Hattie Harker. feeling had been aroused a from Mrs. Martha Y. Jennings suggesting to dangerous degree in the United States Presi that the club join the General Federation. and clamored for war and revenge. After some discussion it was moved, seconded dent R. B. Pratt gave an address carefully Mrs. L. D. and carried by unanimous vote that the club summing up tne situation. from Alder read a her own Brown Cameron Mrs. was that I. scathing poem join body. elected a delegate to the meeting of the pen on the same subject, entitled, General Federation to be held in Denver, "Hespama." The and Mrs. Rachel Miller as alternate. At the May meeting Mrs. Kate B. Ander program of the evening was on Germany. son was received as a member. A Daoer One paper was on the German Empire, was read by Mrs. Rhodes on the Roval another one on notable men and one on Family of Spain, and her . present gener notable women. A German song by Mrs. als. Mrs. M. I. Lambert in her paper on Camilla C. Cobb. Recitation, "The Earl current events, included letters from women's King," by Mrs. Bunnell. German refresh- organizations concerning the war, and a ments were served at the close of the meeti- mother s most pathetic letter, whose son was ' killed on the Maine. ng- "." ; The February meeting was held by invitaThe June meeting was a continuation of tion at the home of Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, who the war sentiment, and a most stirring adhad so pleasantly entertained the club on dress on the subject was given by Dr. Orielle many occasions. which was afterwards in Curtis, At the March meeting Mrs. Luella Rhodes the Deseret News. "Women published to the rally was admitted to membership. By unan- standard, free sister woman in downimous vote Mrs. Laura Hyde was elected trodden Cuba, your " was the burden of her alternate director in the State Federation, thrilling speech. The spirit of war stalked Mrs. L . S. Dickinson being absent. A letter over the lands, even the children were crying was read from the Woman's Club, asking for retribution for the killed of the Maine. that a representative be sent to meet with At the Mrs. E. B. them in a club council for the discussion of Wells and September meeting Mrs. M. A. Caine were appointed Mrs. Ruth important questions of interest. a committee to attend to the business of inM. Fox was sent as such representative. The corporating the club. question 01 tne traveling libraries came up, In October the annual meeting was held and one dollar was sent toward the establishat the home of Mrs. L. B. Bunnell. The rement. Mrs. Lawler was admitted a member. A motion was made by Mrs. E. ' B . port of the incorporating committee was laid Mrs. Ella W. Hyde was Wells and carried unanimously, that the club on the table. elected president with a full corps of officers. subscribe five dollars for charter membership in the George Washington Memorial Asso- - The late queen of Denmark and some of her ctation. In the Woman s Council of Clubs descendants was taken up. The speakers the Press Club was given the appointment of were Helen Vilate Kimball and Lydia D. Alder. Next the Dreyfus case was discussed. Mrs. Marsecretary, from its membership. Miss Kimball read a number of clippings garet A Caine was given the appointment. On the 19th of March a special meeting concerning it and a continuation was deterAll the world were anxiously was held for the purpose of discussing the mined upon. this most intricate case. Then the life and writings of F. Marion Crawford, the watching celebrated author. President R. B. Pratt brilliant lights were extinguished and in the stated that this world-fame- d writer would glow of the soft grate fires Mrs. Ruth M. .visit Salt Lake City in the coming week and Fox related some very thrilling Halloween it was the desire of the Press Club to enter stories. tain him. General arrangements were made. (Continued.) Mrs. L. D. Alder gave a paper on the auth Mrs. M. J. Lambert or s life and work. Save gave a list of his works. Money! Susa Y. Gates was a visitor at this meeting And when you get a dollar, deposit it and added to the literary interest in F. Mar with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust ion Crawford s works the oldest and largest savings Company, The Press Club gave a grand reception at bank in Utah. the Bee Hive House to Mr. Crawford and Since the establishment of the bank Major Pond, who aecompanied him. Most we have opened more than 19,000 savof the noted women of the Salt Lake clubs ings accounts. attended. It was quite a brilliant and social affair. Conversation and introductions were The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minors with musical selections interspersed charming to open savings accounts in their own both vocal and instrumental. name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open 1898, was held at The January meeting, The Fifth Annual Convention of the the home of Mrs Belle Bunnell. Mrs. CamilNurses' Associated Alumnie was held the la C. Cobb and Mrs. Clarissa S. Williams first week in- Maj in Chicago. A number w ere received as members. Three members - of distinguished speakers graced the occasion, among them being Miss Linda Richards, Mrs. Bedford Fen wick, Miss L. L. Dock, Miss G. C. Ross, Miss 11. Helena McMillian and Miss Ann L. Pearse. The convention was entertained at luncheon by the Chicago Alumnea, and there was also a reception tendered by the St Barnabas Guild for Nurses, beside the one given at This assoSt. Luke's Home for Nurses. ciation grows rapidly in numbers and interest, and is the affiliated society in the American Federation of Nurses, which recently entered the National Council. The Local Council of Rochester, N. Y. , as might naturalty be supposed, is wrestling with suffrage problems: what woman that dwelt within the confines of that city, the home of Miss Susan B. Anthony, could fail to be interested in any. question so much as in the question of suffrage ? Just now this Council has centered all its forces on obtaining School Suffrage for women. The Local Council of Portland, Me. , which has been in active existence for ten years and which has an a irerage membership of three thousand, has recently moved out of private quarters into a public hall for its monthly meetings. This Council is in communication with the Local Council of New Zealand and exchanges papers and Year Books with mutual advantage. This Council is so close to Canada that much interest is felt in the splendid work done by the women of Canada. There is a movement originating in Philadelphia. for the establishment of a ' Congress. Some very eminent men are connected with the movement. It is an endeavor to bring into harmonious relations, on broad lines, the various races The president of the Conof this ; earth. gress is Mr. J. P. Jones, of 261 North Sixth St., Philadelphia, Pa. This gentleman recently wrote to Mrs. May Wright Sewall saying that they had decided to appoint a Board of Lady Managers to with the men engaged in this work; but, in accordance with her suggestion, they have determined to include women in the personnel , of the Board itself. Mrs. Sewall has accepted the position on this Board. Further developments of this movement will be watched with interest. Pan-Raci- al te . Mrs. May Wright Sewall has recently received a request for literature of the National Council and its work, from far-of- f Turkey in Asia, the applicant being Man-su- g Khidichian, of the town of Kerassunde. From the office of Susa Young Gates, Chairman Press Committee, National Council of Women, Provo City, Utah. R. K, s . ? , Vice-Preside- 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for you money. ; , Your nt THOMAS DRY GOODS CO' 67 69, r We aim to give you as TRY US one NOW. We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. Lorenzo Snow, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. Noa. Main Street. -5 