EXPONENT WOMAN'S IO Sarah Cress, Charlotte Estherbloom, counselors; Josephine Turner, secretary; Mary It was decided to hold a Post, treasurer. a once on the regular fast month meeting a when day, proper subject will be studied. one Then meeting a week for sewing and planning relief work is to be held at the homes of the workers of the branch. Next Wednesday the sisters will meet at the home of the president. Mrs. Home addressed the sisters on the subject of the duties of the Relief Society members and gave a short sketch of the life and work of President Bathsbeba W. Smith, as it is and has been connected with Relief Society work; also a sketch of Mrs. E. B. Wells, who has been General Secretary for so many years. Mrs. Home told of the work being done by Mrs. Hyde, Dusenberry anl Williams, with the idea of bringing the Relief members of the Chicago branch more closely in touch with The sisters of the General officers here. the branch expressed themselves as being interested in the relief work and are desirous of knowing something of the plans and assist in erecting the proposed woman's building. LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- Y MEETING. The Ladies' Semi. Monthly Meeting was held in the 14th ward hall, Saturday, March 15, 1902, President M. I. Horne presiding. Opened by singing "Let us pray, gladly pray." Prayer by Sister P. Silver. Mary Singing, "glorious things are sung of Ziou." Minutes of last meetand read accepted. ing President M. I. Horne was happy to be at the meeting. Wished the sisters to in bearing testimony, the time occupy to cultivate the Spirit of the urged them Lord and spoke of the law of tithing, thought we should teach our children to pay tithing Sister L. D Alder said she had passed through a great mental strain recently on account of sickness in the family but the Lord heard her prayers. Urged the sisters to serve the Lord, that they might call on Him and He would hear them. Counselor Sarah J. Cannon was thankful to be home again. She with the sisters had visited many meetings and met many ladies of the world, but was glad to be with her sisters again. She had enjoyed her visit to Washington very much. Sister Amelia Wardrop, Sister Peterson and other sisters in the congregation bore faithful testimonies. Sister Margaret Hull sang "There is Sunshine in my Soul Today." Sister Hilman rejoiced to hear Sister Hull sing, thought it was a great gift and a blessing to her. Sister Mary Irvine loved to hear Sister Hull sing, felt to praise her that she was always willing to sing whenever she was asked, also bore her testimony. Sister Margaret Hull was thankful the sisters enjoyed her singing. President Joseph F. Smith in speaking of her singing said that she had done much good with her voice, she could even "melt hearts of stone." Said the Lord was her instructor. Sister Hull wished to live to do good wTith her voice, or in any way the Lord desired. Sister Martha Morris sang "O, stop and tell me, red man." Sister Berry and Sister Taylor bore faithful testimonies to the Gospel, Sister Stevenson urged the sisters to bear testimony and said w7e should teach our children the principles of the Gospel, What a spoke of the principle of tithing. a be to to able blessing give portion to the Lord. President M. I. Horne hoped the sister-wou- ld all have a good time on the 17th of March. Spoke of the blessings received through the Relief Society. She enjoyed Sister Hull's singing, felt she was inspired of the Lord to sing for us. Meeting adjourned for four weeks. Singing, "The time is far spent." The Ladies' Semi Monthly Meeting, April 12, 1902, President M. I. Horne presiding. Singing, "Guide us, O Thou Great Jehovah." Prayer by Sister Stevenson. Singing, "Oh ye moutitains high." Minutes of last meeting read and accepted. President Horne was pleased with the good conference and the good instruction There is concerning the young people. too much excitement and amusement She approved among the young people. of the young people having a good time but it was often carried too lar. Urged the sisters to be careful of their children, the children would be thankful when they grew older. We should ask wisdom of the Lord. Sisters Siebeck, Barton, Margaret Brown and Johanna Peterson all bore testimony, The congregation sang "Earth with her ten thousand flowers." President Horne then spoke concerning Sister Steele's death. Said she was a good woman and we should miss her. Urged all to live as she had lived, a faithful Saint. Sisters Elizabeth Buzzo, Jones, Jensen, Maxwell and Latham bore testimony to the Gospel and obedience to its principles. Sister Margaret Hull then sang a solo. Sister Harrison said she took pleasure in reading the Woman's Exponent and made other excellent remarks. Sister Squires spoke of the faithfulness and sudden death of Sister Steele, how anxious she always was to come to meeting, she felt lonesome without her. Counselor Sarah J. Cannon urged the sisters to think of one another and feel to help one another, Urged all to do the best they knew how and we would be on the road to perfection. Sister Dora Nelson testified to the goodness of the Lord in healing her in sickness through the administration of the Elders. Sister Wright bore her tastiraony and said .she had been writing a sketch of the working of the Relief Society since the first organization sixty years ago. She felt the Lord had blessed her in doing so. Sister Evans, of Malad, bore her testimony to the truthfulness of the Gospel. Sister Stevenson made excellent closing remarks and meeting was adjourned for four weeks. Singing, Doxology. Benediction by Sister Amelia Wardrop. -- The Ladies' Semi-Monthl- y Meeting of May 10, 1902, President M. I. Horne presiding. Singing, "How firm a foundation " Prayer by Sister E. Webb. Singing, "Welcome best of all good meetings." Minute of last meetings read and accepted. President Horne spoke of the destruction going on abroad in the land as well as at home, thought we all had cause to be on our guard that we might not be overtaken by wrong. Urged the mothers to keep watch over their children and teach them to read good books. Counselor Sarah J. Cannon addressed the sisters on the subject of the peace meetings, urged all to dw their part that it might be a success. Urged the sisters to patronize the Woman's Exponent, said it was a good paper and should be taken in every Relief Society and by all the sisters who could, President Bathsheba Smith was very anxious that the sisters should be interested in it. Sister L. D. Alder then gave a very interesting address concerning the peace meeting, said we should all work for peace. Spoke of the suffering caused by war, referred to the prophecy by tte Prophet Joseph Smith concerning the war that would come, and that did come. Urged all to do what they could on the subject, the Lord will guide us. Counselor Clara C. Cannon bore her testimony and thought it was a great blessing to meet with the sisters. She thought that the dividing of the wards would be a blessing to the young sisters. Felt to do her part in bringing peace to all. Sister Read spoke upon the subject of smoking among the young men and the wrong arising from it. Sister Smith said that the Lord bad always opened up the way for her. Through prayer she had been blessed, she had done work in the Temple, she desired to spend She had had her time in the Temple. manifestations concerning the work many for the dead and was very much interested She desired to do right at in that work. all times. Sister Hanford and other sisters in the congregation bore faithful testimonies to the Gospel. Sister Stevenson then spoke about the Exponent, the good it would do for the sisters if they would take it. Said we should all work for peace and have peace in our homes. Urged the young sisters to help in the interest of peace meetings. Meeting adjourned for four weeks. Singing, Doxology. Benediction by Sister Julia Druce. Amelia Wardrop, Sec. BOTH PARENTS NEEDED. fails in the moral education of children, it is not too much to say it is because man has not been her helper." So says Rev. David Beaton, of the Lincoln Park Congregational Church, Chicago. He adds: "If woman "Look at the statistics of our church membership. Look at the same sources of Do you information concerning crime go into our churches to day to find the men? No, you go to the baseball park, the golf links or the jails. Think of the dead lift that women have against bad manly examples which stultify their lessons and demoralize the children's ideas of personal honor and civic duty. "It is a work that will never be done rightly until man and woman both engage in it, the model fatherhood as well as the model motherhood of the State working for The man must not force its betterment. upon the woman a low ideal by his bad example, nor poison the maturing minds of the children emerging into maidenhood and youth, by stultifying every lesson of purity and honor which they learned at their mother's knee. Ex ! 