WOMAN'S 98 EXPONENT "Blessed are the peace makers, for they who are too far from headquarters to get Sunday 23 we had the privilege of talkshall be called the children of God." verbal advice on these matters; and thereing to the children of the Sabbath School. to a man it does what a as "For fore present the following suggestions gain In the afternoon some of the people of profit own lose his soul." and world St. Thomas came over and met with us. whole in the guide to assist in making a conformity as love We had a very nice meeting and a good shalt thy"Thou the gatherings throughout the State. thy neighbor Sister Susan Johnson Each president of the Relief Society and self. spirit prevailed. nations us. the "And He shall judge among each president of the Y. L. N. M. I. A. is kindly entertained and rebuke We went on to St. Thomas and held an shall a and to Chairman they many people hereby appointed organize Committee and hold a Peace Demonstration shall beat their swords into ploughshares, evening meeting. We had a very enjoyPresident Syphus regretted and their spears into pruning hooks; able time. in a suitable place, hall or house. If two or more wards desire to unite no nation shall not lift up sword against that they had not had a Primary meeting. The State Comnation, neither shall they learn war any We told them we could hold one in the objection will be raised. mittee would be deeply gratified, however, more" morning if the children would come at 8 "Provoke not your children to wrath." o'clock. if a gathering be held in each ward. Ihey said they would come out loins so therefore Stake "Stand The Presidents of the Relief Society girt any time, having your they came at 8 o'clock and we on the and with about had a M. I. truth, having delightful meeting. organizations and of the Y. L. N. miles up We then traveled thirty-fivStake Associations are considered members breastplate of righteousness; and your feet of of the to had Bunkerville and a lovely shod with the preparation the river of the State Committee and will be exGospel We rejoiced great meeting that evening. pected to use their influence and lend their Peace." "And this I pray that your love may ly at the good words that Bishop Edward assistance to promote the interests of the abound yet more and more in knowledge Bunker and Brother Myron Abbot gaire us. movement. We were kindly entertained at Bishop It is further suggested that in naming and in all judgment" "The peace of God which passeth all Edward Bunker's, and trust that be may committees it would be desirable to consider women of different religious beliefs understanding, shall keep your hearts and live long upon the earth to do good. and invite them to take part and unite in the minds throngh Christ Jesus." On the 25th we left the kind people of demonstrations. Respectfully Submitted this place and arrived at Littlefield, where Emmeline B. Wells, The record of each meeting should be we stayed that night. This place is the to of Maria Y. Dougall. made and forwarded the Chairman corner of Arizona, they have a rock school the State Committee, Mrs. Alice Merrill house and it seems to be a good place to Horne, Care Exponent Office, Salt Lake make a living. There are many springs LETTER FROM ST. GEORGE. City. Utah. here about and the good people that live My counselors and myself, of the Relief The Record should contain certain items raise here fruit. good very Society. Sisters Morris and Bleak, also of information: 26th On we the left Littlefield for home, Sister Sarah J. Randall, of the Primary, There been had a bit of snow deposist. Place of meeting. good left St. George, Wednesday, March ig, and 2nd. Number of persons present. in ited the mountains since we left home, held a Primary meeting in the evening in of to the the 3rd. Number of speakers. joy people. Littlefield, Sister Hannah Averson presid We arrived home safe that evening, 4th. Names of speakers. ing. 5th General tone of meeting. The 20th we traveled on down the Vir Brother William Miles having driven our 6th. Statement whether Resolutions team and gen River. The people are making homes We were helped us entertain the people. were adopted or not. away eight days: held twelve along the river, settling in little patches, 7th. Degree in which the clergy in We took dinner with Sister Bodilla and traveled one hundred and meetings M to to invitation I trust we have done some your locality responded Johnson at her home a few miles above ninety miles. in of truth. cause the At our meetprepare the public mind for the demongood on went to the town Mosquito Flat, then stration. we from the read instructions the ings a and held Primary meeting. We The Committee on Program suggest the Mosquit over Board Gtneral of the Relief Society about stayed night at Counselor James following subjects as suitable for papers or Hughes' home who made us welcome. At the 17th of March, and encouraged the addresses: Purpose cf the Peace Dernon-stratic- n ten o'clock on the of the 21st we people to plait mulberry trees and work at The met with the Reliefmorning , what it may accomplish. Society and a number the silk industry. Hague Conference. Fatherhood of God of brethren met with us. We urged the Ann C. Woodbury. and Brotherhood of Man. Moral Detersisters to live their religion, store grain, ioration Incident to War. The Spiritual take, care of the sick and afflicted, provide Aspect of War. Peace poems and songs to for the poor and needy and comfort the Miss Vida Goldstein of Australia, who l1 be interspersed. f 111 has been commissioned by the government mar. 01 are nearis inose called upon For schools eighth grade pupils might to to of to study American methods of Victoria teach the children to pray mourn, write papers on any one of the subjects trom with mlancy, and they will arise and cal dealing dependent and delinquent given. Lower grades give Peace poems them blessed. children, lately spent a day in the Juvenile and songs. we went on to iSunkerville and at two Court of Philadelphia and another in that The Committee on Decoration and o'clock met with the Relief Society and of Chicago. She says that while the benevSentiments have not completed their report celebrated the of the first olent purpose of the Judge is evident, it anniversary in reference to decorating but will report It had not been convenient seems to her a great mistake to bring all organization. later, however they have made a careful to noia a meeting on me i7th, owing to the children into court together, and to let selection of Peace sentiments which are the people attending the quarterly confer the younger ones be present while the given here: ence at bt. George. cases of boys and girls in their teens are Bishop Bunker "The pen is mightier than the sword.' Counselor Abbott and a number of other being tried. In her opinion the best system Take away the sword! States can be brethren met with us, we truly had a time yet devised for dealing with young culprits saved without it. Richelieu. of rejoicing. Here seems to be the head- - is the Children's Council of South Austrar 1. Peace hath her victories, quarters iur raising seedless grapes. lia. The Council consists of six men and No less renowned than war. Milton. Bishop Edward Bunker is very energetic six women. It has jurisdiction over all Where discord roars, Peace shall the and is determined to make it a success. I offences of young people under eighteen, tumult still. J. Dunbar Hylton. trust they will have a packing house in the except murder Or manslaughter. It meets near future. We held a not in a courtroom office in in but own Primary its meeting A happier gift than heaven's own fire Is heaven's sweet gift of peace. Arthur at 5 o'clock, Sister Harriet Earl presiding, a building devoted exclusively to children's and had a nice time, The children are affairs. The children are J. Lochport. brought in one very and after bright. the Council has conby one, Loyalty, Peace and Arbitration. March 22 we went on to Overton and sidered each case and decided what is best ' 'A time will come when the science of held an evening meeting with the Relief to be done about it, the Judge makes the destruction will bend before the arts of Society. order in accordance with the Council's, adBishop John Bunker and peace." Jones met with us. We feel very vice. In South Australia women have full "How lovely are the messengers that grateful and encouraged when the brethMiss Goldstein says that in suffrage. ren meet with us and give us words of those parts of Australia where preach us the Gospel of Peace." women VLo "Glory to God in the highest, and on welcome. We rojoiced t.o mingle our not vote, the methods of dealing with child eah'peaoe. a,nd 004 will tQ mw," yo;ces witk the. Saints, culprits are much, less advanced. e 1 1 1 a. ex-Bish- op 