WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Reports from National Councils. Report of year's work from the president. Any business carried over from last year. New Business. Election of Patrons. Permission to be granted to Conveners of Standing Committees to attend Executive Sessions held prior to the session of 1904 without a vote. Proposal to form a new Cooperative Committee on Recommendation Internationalism. be allowed Societies International that affiliation with the International Council. Consideration of the President's latest Memorandum and her Report. From the office of Susa Young Gates, National Chairman Press Committee, Council of Women, Provo City, Utah. BIOGRAPHY AND RESOLUTIONS. Sketch and resolutions of respect to the memory Greer East, daughter of N. H. and Nancy Greer, who after an illness of upwards of rive years passed from this sphere to the "Great Beyond," March 31, 1902, at Pima, Arizona. bister East was born in Decalb Co., Georgia, Was baptized a member of November iS, 1S24. Saints the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da-y July 22, 1854. at Fort Sullivan, Texas, and was married to Edward V. East at the age of fifteen. She was the mother of eleven children, three of whom survive her. In the early morning of September 11, 185.), while lying in bed, praying to God for a convincing testimony for some of her relatives, the She arcse, gift of tongues rested upon her. walked into the front yard and commenced speaking. Before she had finished talking, which was about fifteen minutes, many of the neighbors as well as relatives had assembled and listened eagerly to the inspired words as they fell from her lips, she interpreting the same. In June, 1855, in company with her husband and other emigrants she left her home in Texas for Salt Lake City, arriving there in September of the same year, where they resided for twenty-twyears, during which time she labored diligently and faithfully in many positions of trust as a Relief Society officer. Sister East accompanied her husband on a mission to Texas in 1S72, where she bore a strong testimony of the truth to many .who had never before heard the Gospel. Brother East and family moved to Apache Co., Arizona, in June, 1S77, where she held the responsible position of Stake president of the Relief Society until 1SS2, when she and her family went to the Gila. Here she was sustained as president of the Relief Society of the St. Joseph Stake of Zion when it was first organized in fune, 1S82, and worked with undaunted energy for the cause of truth and righteousness, ever having in mind the welfare of her sister associates, until in the winter of 189S she was, through physical disability, unable longer to perform the duties of presiof Sister Wilmirth o dent. RESOLUTIONS OK RESPECT. Resolved, That we, her colaborers in the great work of love, express our appreciation of her counsel, her example and her love of the divine, which were manifested so prominently in all her labors, and which we have enjoyed by our association with her, That we, the members of the Relief Society of St. Joseph Stake, emulate her noble traits of character, of faith and charity, and her devotion to her religion. That we insert a copy of these resolutions in our that one be. sent to the Woman's records, Exponent for publication and that one be placed in the hands of the bereaved family. Mary L. Ransom, Sarah Pima, Arizona, May 9, Webb, Committee. 1902. ESSAY ON RELIEF SOCIETY WORK. This great and noble work was organized at Nauvoo March 17, 1842, by the Prophet Joseph Smith. It has grown and increased until now there are over thrirty thousand members. The organization of the Relief Society consists of a president and two counselors, secretary, treasurer, teachers and members. The duties of the teachers are to visit the homes of the members and uon members, for the purpose of finding out if any are in need, or who are sick amongst us, to administer to their wants and to aid them So much despiritually and temporally. pends upon the correct reports being brought by the teachers of the districts they visit before any special benefit can be derived from the society. The purpose of this society is to comfort the poor, relieve the destitute, sustain the widow and the orphan. What brings greater joy and satisfaction than to know you are doing something to help one who is cast down or who has perhaps fallen by the wayside. Every kind word spoken gives you courage and ability to speak another. Every act of assistance rendered by you through the knowledge that you possess to aid one of your fellow beings gives you greater ability to aid the next one. Good acts grow upon a person. I have sometimes thought that many people judging from their utter lack of kindness and of a disposition to aid others imagine that if they were to say or do a kind thing it would destroy their capacity to perform a kind act or sar a kind word in the future. Don't go through life with your lips sealed against words of kindness and encouragement nor your hearts sealed against performing labors for another. Make it a motto in life always to try and assist some one else to carry his burden. The true way to happiness in life is to labor lor the happiness of others. I pity the selfish who have never experienced Ihe joy which comes to those who receive the thanks and gratitude of the people whom they may have aided in the struggle of life. The secret of success in our society depends upon unity in our midst; where there unity there is strength. If we acquire the habit of fault finding our influence is weakened. Each member should feel it her duty to carry out every obligation depending upon her, hence she will gain greater satisfaction to herself and her labors would be appreciated by those placed over her. If we are faithful, diligent and prayerful, the Lord will bless our ill lines of work: they are pushing forward the movement to establish School Saving Banks; and their second effort is in the line of the Consumers' League work. They have recently been visited by Mrs. Florence Kelly, who has stirred up4 the Local Council, and therefore the women of San Francisco, on the subject of sweat-shop- s and general injustice to the small wage earner. The National Christian League for the Promotion of Social Purity is devoting ' much of its time at present to the Peace Demonstration wcrk. A conference of this League was held at All Souls' Church on May 1, in New York at which many subjects of vital interest were discussed by the ablest speakers. Much of the serious and matter was forgotten by the interesting in the sensational which attached to the question asked by Mrs. The question was, "To Lauterback. what limit should wives submit to light-minde- d beating?" The Social Culture Club of New York, which is connected with the Christian League, entertained on the 6th of May the distinguished poet and author, Edwin Markham, who spoke on "Individuality The home of and some Individuals." Mrs. Elizabeth B. Granuis, at which the function was held was crowded with earnest listeners on this delightful occasion. The Supreme Temple of the Rathboue Sisters holds its Biennial session the second week in August, in San Francisco. A special excursion is arranged from Chicago A to San Francisco for this Biennial. most attractive itinerary has been provided. Mrs. Dell P. Glazier is the Supreme Chief of this Order. Mrs. Josephine Silone Yates, president of the National Association of Colored Women, has been filling in the months of March and Apiil with a lecturing trip from Washington to Philadelphia, Chicago, Cleveland, Detroit and St. Louis, and visiting all her associations in these and other cities; and she has carried to them a minute report of the work done at the late Triennial, and has given them renewed hope and courage along all the lines of their work by acquainting them with the wide field for improvment which exists for them as well as for all other women in the Council and its international efforts. National work. "Let us then be up and doing, for a With heart any fate, At the Quinquenninal in London three Still achieving, still pursuing. years ago, the battle of the American Learn to labor and to wait." on psychic lines; Revolution was Annie Griffiths. it was the p!d struggle between republicanism and aristocracy, and the former won NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN. the day, so that now the flag of internationalism is broad enough to cover every NOTES. woman in every land or clime, whatever her color or social standing may be. Mrs. William Tod Helmuth, representative of the National Council at the FederAt Los Angeles has been fought again ation of clubs in Los Angeles, was en- the Civil War of the Rebellion as in the tertained by the Local Council of Women former case But vicalong psychic lines. of San Francisco, which Council has for its Retroof Banner on the has tory perched head Mrs. Mary Wood Swift, the recently and Civilization light have of the National gression. chosen American on' a reached point, especially Council. soil, where a backward movoment, such as The Local Council of San Francisco, that one made at Los Angeles, must necessarily result in the failure, destruction and though only a few months old, is most dissolution of the forces once so compact healthy and vigorous, having thirty organIt is a commentary on social izations affiliated with it and more coming and strong. as comin at every meeting. Recently they have womanhood and club organizations been engaged in developing two important pared with the democratic and working ht vice-preside- nt 