WOMAN'S EXPONENT 52 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 2 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel space one time $2.50: per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular adversers. Exponent office Room 507 Templet jn, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc semi-monthl- y, Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah the Post Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as Entered at s matter. tecond-clas- Salt Lake City. Utah, December i & 15, 1902 GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY NOTICE. The Stake Secretaries of the Relief Society in the several Stakes of Zioti, also in Missions and in branches of the Society not included in Stakes or Missions, are hereby notified to prepare complete annual reports, statistical and financial, dating from January 1, 1902, to December 31, 1902, and forward the same to the General Secretary, Temple-to- n Building, Salt Lake City, Utan, not later than the middle of February, 1903. the Relief Society owns Wherever or granaries, it is desirable halls buildings, that should be made a separate item, and how many in the Stake and in what wards located; also any other important facts that would be of interest to the General Officers. Emmeline B. Wells, General Stcrerary. CHRISTMAS THOUGHTS. All over the world, as it were, or throughout Christendom nowadays, the one festival of Christmas is religiously observed. It is in its custom a beautiful thing, teaching the highest lessons in so simple a manner that as the Savior said, "the wayfaring man, though a fool, need not err therein." Charity, as set forth by St. Paul in his Epistle to the Coriantbians, stands out on these occasions, and is fully exemplified in the lives of men, women and children, who have the Christmas spirit, with the Christmas giving, the cheer, Otherthe good will and unselfishness. wise no benefits accrue either to the giver or recipient, whether it be in word or deed. "Charity never faileth," how much is implied in these three words. O, that we might not fail in the true heavenly charity ought to be the constant prayer of those who are striving to overcome. It is but a small thing to give of one's substance, but how great comparatively to receive the compensation of the soul that comes through reaction to the giver. The joy one feels but does not quite comprehend, which invariably comes afterwards to those whose hearts are attuned to harmony and love for all mankind After all love is the great source of joy and of pleasure. "God is love" we are told iii the scriptures, and the more men and women grow into His likeness the higher and purer will be the love they manifest or give expression to, however seemingly simple that development may appear. "He sendeth rain on the just and unjust" yet it is customary in the world to smile on one's fiiends and frown on one's This is not the lesson Christ enemies. He said "Love your enemies." It taught. is well at Christmas time to remember the Savior's words while rejoicing that He was born into the world. It matters not whether he was born in Bethlehem of Judea or in Nazareth, such disputations are idle. He was born into the world for the redemption of all mankind. He was the only perfect One, whose life and example it is for the professors of Christianity to follow, and yet so far do they depart from it, that the Bible tells us even the heathen who knows not God, will rtceive greater blessings. The social observances of Christmas as family reunions t re very enjoyable and tend to cement those together who ate ot one kindred or the renewal of closely interwoven friendships. It is true that in the hurry and worry of the present day we do not attend to tbe sweet amenities of life on which depends much of our happiness; we ignore and pass over them and go to great receptions and public excursions, parties, etc., aud sometimes, yes often, neglect to cultivate our own. Much of this is from a mistaken idea of duty, but if persisted in would result disasIt is a good thing to be well actrously. one's own family and housewith quainted and at hold, holiday times there is, even for the busy men and women a sort of respite, and if the mother's strength is not overtaxed with too much cooking it is the season for unalloyed happiness. It is significant of a better day when one hears on all sides reforms in eating; less meat or none at all, less pastry or none at all, coffee and tea abolished almost entirely, these things will simplify the home work; vegetables, fruits, cereals cooked in the plainest styles will tend to good digestion and thus make people happier without doubt. Our children nowadays eat too much candy, too many sweetmeats and by far too much meat. In this respect many who discard tea and coffee disregard the Word of Wisdom. There does seem to be a tendency towards reform in this direction, the Latter-da- y Saints profess to believe in the Word of Wisdom and in the prolongation of human life, and yet many of them at any late are very careless concerning these matters. However, as we are not writing a homily but giving a few thoughts on a matter now everywhere understood, it may be out of place to mention the Word of Wisdom or any other reform. Christmas should bring only "P'ace and good will," and no sort of reproof even to those who indulge in excesses perhaps, this life is full of problems yet unsolved, and the Latter day Saints are trying to keep in advance of other people in the higher code of morals, and therefore one naturally falls into the habit of introducing into conversation and composition some of the serious, everyday affairs or commonplace subjects. It would be wrong to destroy any of the good fellowship of the Christmas season by dwelling too much upon extravagances or excesses, but moderation in all things tends towards greater happiness and real enjoyment than any extreme, even if it be an amusement. The Christmas spirit is one of forgiveness, it partakes of the charity that forgives seventy times seven, delighting in doing good to suffering humanity; it is like carrying a flagof truce to those who need it in all places, to the lowly and the weak; it brings an atmosphere with it of peace and of love, those who enter into the real Christmas spirit seek to do what our Savior did when on earth. It is recorded of Him that "He went about doing good." What does that imply ? Not giving costly presents to those who give in return, but in seeking to uplift one's fellow-methose who are poor in spirit as well as those who are in actual want of food and Let us speak kind words to raiment. those we meet, to the old friends whom we may have neglected, these are the little things that leave an iufluence, and are as much deeds of generosity as the giving of one's substance, for such acts flow from generous impulses and olteu leave a lasting impiession, though one may not be conscious of the effect. It is comparatively easy to give of one's means and it may be more difficult to carry sunshine to those who are under a cloud, but the blessing comes to those who make some sacrifice of their selfishness, for selfishness is the root of evil. He or she who ministers to the wants of others is disciplining his spiritual powers, is planting t'le seeds that will grow to bless and save. It is "casting "Good deeds bread upon the waters." double in the doing and the largest half comes back to the donor." a mission of peace n, EDITORIAL NOTES. . We beg the forbearance of our patrons and subscribers for the prolonged delay in issuing the Christmas number of the Exponent and trust we may be forgiven, as it was for several reasons, too tedious to explain, utterly unavoidable. With refereuce to the book we expected to get ready for the holidays, entitled "Aunt Em's Stories of Long Ago," we desire to state that there has not been sufficient money raised by subscription yet to lish; it will be necessary to get a larger number of people interested in the publication before we can be assured of its success; however we are still hopeful as to the result of the undertaking, and will in our January number give an outline of what the book will contain. TESTIMONIAL TO SISTER M. I. HORNE. NOVEMBER 20, I902. The anniversary of Sister M. Isabella Home's eighty-fourt- birthday was h cele-hrate- d by the officers and members of the Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake, in the Saints' ColBarratt Hall of the Latter-dalege, her first counselor, Sister Sarah Jenne Cannon, presiding. Exercises opened with the congregation singing, "Now let us rePrayer joice in the day of salvation." was offered by Dr. Elvira S. Barney. Sister Maggie C. Hull sang a solo written for the occasion by L. L- Greene Richards, entitled "Our Mother." The first speaker was Sister Rachel R. Grant, who spoke as y - follows: SISTER RACHEL R. GRANT. I am very pleased indeed to celebrate the birthday of Sister Home, and I feel grateful that her life has been spared up to the present time and for the work she has accomplished and the blessings she will receive hereafter for her faithfulness, and the 