47 : IN MEMORIAM , ANN ALPINE STAKE. it is . with the deepest regret that we are called upon to record the death of our beloved sister, Aon YVainer Pickerings who died at her home in Payson, September 1. 1902. Sister Pickering was born at Yorkshire, England, January 26, 1855. She was the wife of George Pickering, by whom she had nine children, seven of whom survive her. When the Relief Society was organized there in 1868, she was set apart as a presiding teacher in the first district of Payson ward, and at the time of her death was one of the board of directors, and proved herself She was always on hand worthy of the position. and willing to do her share of whatever woik was She was true and faithful to her assigned her. convictions and loyal to the cause she had espoused, instructing her children in the everlasting Gospel. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. ; . Resolved, That we, the the Stake Relief Society, love and sympathy to the sister. That we feel to humbly of our Heavenly Father officers and members of do feel to tender our memory of our beloved bow to the divine will and acknowledge His hand in all things. . That we realize that in Sister Pickering we have lost a true friend and faithful laborer in the work of God. That a copy of this memorial he sent to the bereaved family, one placed on the records of the Relief Society and one be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Jane Amy i ' .;j I Simons, Hancock Committe. ' . : HARRIET A. WILCOX. to the Memory of Our Beloved Sister. Token of Respect A . , that more had not responded to the call to WAINER PICKERING. Harriet A. Wilcox departed this life September 29, 1902. Sister Wilcox was born in Mt. Pleasant, Sanpete Co., on the 27th of December, 1863, and was married to Brother James Wilcox October 27, 1881. Eleven children were born to Erother and Sister Wilcox, seven of whom survive her. She held the position of second counselor in the Relief Society m Castle Dale, for three years when it was first As a wife, mother and friend her organized. example was worthy of imitation. She was one of the noblest of God's handmaids, and was faithful through all trials and tribulations that beset her pathway, t And we, as members of the Relief Society of Castle Dale Ward of the Emery Stake of Zion adopt the following resolutions: resolutions of respect. Whereas God has seen fit to call from this life our beloved sister, Harriet A. Wilcox, Resolved, that we mourn in her death the loss of a faithful worker, a comforter in time of trouble, a devoted wife and mother and a true Latter-day Saint. That we esteem her faithful labors as worthy of emulation by every member of the society; that we s) mpathize and mourn with the husband, children, relatives and friends; that we send a copy of these resolutions to the Woman's Expon nt for publication; that a copy be kept in the Society, and that one be given to the family. Mary J, S ely, Pres. Sec. Sarah S. Larsi-n, resolutions of respf.ct. Whereas in the dispensation of an e and g Providence, our much beloved sister Anna Englehart Jones a teacher in the Payson rirsi ward Keiiet bociety since its organization, has passed to another sphere; and Whereas her usefulness was universal, and her unselfishness remarkable, and in her administera-tion- s to the sick she was as an angel of mercy, her genial presence as golden sunshine and her words a balm of life, her integrity immovable as the solid rock, and her mercy for others unbounded as the ocean; and Whereas we all feel the loss of so energetic and faithful a worker, such a devoted Saint and loving mother, now, therefore, be it Resolved, that these resolutions of respect be placed upon the records of the Payson First Ward Relief Society, and that a copy be sent to the family and one to the Woman's Expon tNT for publi-tioall-wis- over-rulin- n. - Fannie Simons, Eliza B. McClellan, C;ua E. R. Evans. Committe. Quarterly Conference of the Relief Sodety I of Alpine Stake, held Friday, October 24, 1902, at American Fork. Meeting convened at 10 a. m., President Standrng presiding. After the usual exercises of singing and prayer, roll call and reading of minutes, etc., President Stand-rin- g said she was here through the faith and prayers of the sisters, having been sick all the week. Desired the presidents to give a thorough report of their wards, but as brief as was wisdom. "We are organized to bless the sick and poor, also the mothers iu Israel; for many have testified to the blessings they have received through the administration of the sisters.;" Prayed for a blessing on all this day. Counselor Anderson reported Lehi Relief President Orpha Robinson reSociety; American Fork 1st ward; Counselor ported Annie S. Chipman, 2nd ward; President Sarah Foutz, Pleasant Grove; President Cordelia Thorn, Linden; President Sarah Marsh, Alpine;, President Mary E. Abel, 3rd ward American Fork; President Annie T. Steele, 4th ward; President Fannie Berry, Cedar Valley. .. The presidents al! gave encouraging reports. They have good, faithful teachers vho visit the people, help the pnnr atKj care foi the sick. All have good granaries and a good showing of wheat. , All hold Mothers' and Daughters', meetings and enjoy them very much, and are striving to do ' thtir duty in every way. President Standring was well pleased with the reports. President A. J Evans, of the Stake presidency, addressed the sisters. Saw the necessity of sustaining those who are in authority. "We become a part of those whom we are associated with. We are growing and spreading and will eventually triumph. Our destiny is to inhabit North and South We aie increasing in numbers America. and power. The gathering of the wheat is a right move and it will be all right whether for food or for seed." i . Adjourned after singing, 'How firm a foundation," and benediction by President A J. Evans. ; .? Afternoon session : Conference continued at 2 o'clock. Meeting opened by singing and prayer. President Standring spoke of the nurses' class, thought there had been some misunderstanding concerning it; referred to the Instructions given in the Relief Society pamphlet, looked upon it as a mission given to the sisters, and besides doing their duty they would receive great benefit themselves. "It is the duty of every president to report to Sister Phebe Y.' Beatie concerning this matter. The knowledge of our own bodies is beyond price." Spoke of the conjoint meeting of the four wards of American Fork, said, "It will unite you more effecIf you save souls, you must let tually. your light shine, The Stake presidency will expect to meet with you and talk to Get acquainted with those who do you. not belong to the Relief Society and try to bring them in. It is a great blessing to belong' to the Relief Society; the1 sheep should be anxious to know that the shepWhoever herd is watching' over them. see sees the next decade will great changes. Stake President Stephen S. Chipman had been well pleased with the spirit and remarks of President Standring. Regreted , . , . . : ; , . .' , 5 train for nurses, could see how much their services were needed. It requiresan effort to go and take these studies; it requires an effort for Sister Standring to come here and perform her duties, and bless and strength-us- . Read from the Juvenile Instructor the article, "Raffling." and recommended that "It is raffling be not practised any more. a grand sight to see our sisters assembled here, and I pray that peace and unity may abide among us." Singing, "I need Thee every hour." Stake Aid Laura Cutler recommended that the young ladies attend our meetings sometime." and learn how we conduct our business so that v.' hen they go away from home they may have something to say about the Relief Society. Stake Aid Sina Chipman said, "This has been a spiritual feast to us. this kind of meeting does our hearts good. We like the encouraging reports of our sisters, and we like the influence of the good spirit that prevails Bishop Warren B. Smith said, "The sisters are always on the alert to do good. The counsel we have received today is priceless. Here are sisters who have borne the burden and heat of the day in this work, but they will be remembered for all the labor they have performed. " Stake Counselor Annie C. Hindley spoke of the influence of our people over outsiders when we come in contact with them. If we expect our children to be true Latter-da- y Saints Saints we must be Latter-daourselves, we do not want to set a bad example before our children, we must fall in line with the Priesthood. , President A. J. Evans believed that the sisters had more faith than the brethren. "There are are many of your daughters growing into womanhood, the mothers should teach them the reason of their being here, and the necessity of preparing for motherhood, this is woman's mission." Advised the sisters not to sign a mortgage unless the honor of their husbands was at stake. Brother William South wick: "The Lord made no mistake when he organized this society; what would we have done without it ? I go to no better meeting than these, the sisters have more faith, are more devoted and accomplish more than the brethren in this line." He would use his influence in favor of nurses' classes. Conference adjourned for three months with singing and prayer. Emma Featherstone, Stake Sec. . LADIES' MEETING. SEMI-MONTHL- Y Meety The minutes of the ward in the 14th held hall, Saturday, ing September 27, 1902, Sister E. J. Stevenson presiding. Sister Phebe Y. Beatie addressed the sisters in behalf of Sister Emma Empey concerning the class of nurses that would commence the first of November, spoke of the benefit to be derived from being a nurse, the good they could do, and what a help they would be to the Bishops of the different wards, in being able to know where to go for help in case of sickness; she urged the sisters to take an interest in the class and help Dr Roberts in the good work. Semi-monthl- 