WOMAN'S dent Hyde read an exceedingly interesting sketch of the life of her father, President John Taylor, which was followed with an address by M. Isabella Home, a real pioneer, who came to the valley in 1847. She told of many of the early hardships, and described in detail some of the pleasant associations and experiences of the journey and first Remarks were also years in the valley. made by Sisters E. B. Wells, M. P, Young and L. W. Kimball. Sister Sarah Jenne CanDenon pronounced the benediction. licious ices and cake were served and a social hour was passed in talking over old Besides the pioneer women mentimes. tioned, there were present Sister Relief C. Atwood and Sisters Lydia Ann and Susan H. Wells, pioneers of 1848. THREE QUARTERS OF A CENTURY. Dedication of Relief Society Stake House. WEBER STAKE OF ZION. JULY 19, I902. Saturday, July 19, 1902, was an eventful day to the Relief Society 0 Weber Stake, and in fact to the sisters of the organization everywhere, as well as all the people interested in the Church of Latter day Saints. One cannot help feeling that the president, Sister Jane S. Richards, now in her Soth year, has displayed unusual tact and executive ability in originating, planning and carrying to a successful issue a Relief Society hall for the sisters in Ogden City and the Wtber Stake of Zion. Her counC. Sisters Brown Hattie and selors, Emily L Shurtliff, and other sisters, co workers with her in this successful enterprise, have accomplished a most creditable work in a very short time 2nd have proven their faifh by the.ir works, and set an example of perseverance and of indomitable energy worthy of imitation by others engaged in similar labors throughout Zion. The Dedication took place in the new hall on Saturday, July 19, 1902, meeting at 11 a. m., twenty-fivyears from the time President Jane S.Richards was appointed to preside over the sisters in that Stake of Zion, July 19, 1877. That was an event of great significance to the sisters present upon that memorable occasion, and time has proven it so to all interested in Ziou's welfare. It may be well iu this connection to state who were on the stand, of the Apostles and sisters: Presidents Brigham and Daniel H. Wells, of the First Young John Presidency; Apostles Taylor, Franklin D. Richards and Albert Carriugton; and President D. II Perry and counselors: Sisters Jane S. Richards, (presiding) EHza R. Snow, Zina D. II. Young, Emrneline B. Wells, Emily S. Richards, Sarah J. Herrick, and others, too many to mention here, besides an overflowing congregation, mostly women, nearly all officers and members of the Relief Society and Young Indies' Association, in the Ogden Tabernacle. After the usual exercises President Young stated that he had expected to hear reports from the different societies, but since his arrival he had been informed that the meeting had been called expressly to receive instructions from himself and the brethren. He spoke upon health, how to avoid sickness, how mothers should train their children. He counseled mothers to EXPONENT. give them early lessons in faith and principle, teach them to believe implicitly in God, inculcate a love of virtue, honesty and truthfulness, and the force of this education would have a bearing upon their whole lives. He designated mothers as the leading instrument in the hands of Providence to guide the destinies of nations, and exhorted mothers to teach their children not to make war, but to teach them He asked the question, "Who peace. the gives key to the nations of the earth? is the mothers, not the fathers !" He It alluded to trifles and small things making up all great matters, and that our lives were full of little incidents that make one great whole, one vast experience; said that the earth itself was composed of little President Young's regrains cf sand. marks were largely upon the storing of w" eat, home industries and manufactures, planting mulberry trees, raising silk etc., and said, "If what I have told you is carried out in the lives of the Saints it will make them healthful and wealthy," and closed by saying, "And let us go to and establish the Zion of God upon the earth, that we may be prepared to enjoy it, which I most earnestly pray for every day, in the name of Jesus. Amen." Elder Carrington spoke mostly upon the fashions of Babylon, etc. President Wells said he had long concluded that woman was a power in the earth, and he hailed these organizations of the sisters as a harbinger of good results, carrying with it as it did an influence more manifest than in times past. That woman was an indispensable helpmeet to man and should occupy that position in all practical work in building up the kingdom of God, as well as in spiritual work and exaltation. Said that the Saints of God should learn to govern and control themselves according to the laws that govern our being, and the principles of life and salvation. Elder John Taylor said there were more women present than was usual to meet. He alluded to woman's faith, referred to the couusel which a woman gave to the rich man whom the Savior told to go and dip seven times in Jordan; he felt it was too little a thing but the woman had faith and intuition, and by listening to her he was healed through obedience. Spoke of obeying the laws of life and health, to preserve our lives to the age of a tree. Alluded to the manner in which children were brought up in aristocratic families in Europe, and said as Saints we ought to be more particular in the training of our children than the people of the world are, and pray God ever to help us. President Young added further remarks on sericulture, told the sisters it was a way in which they could make money for their own use and spoke of the use of "our time, etc. , and appointed Sister Jane S. Richards to preside over all the Relief Society and Young Ladies' Associations in Weber County. Klder Franklin D. Richards made some excellent closing remarks and requested in behalf of Sister Richards, president of Weber County, that all these societies should prepare a quarterly report of the condition of each society ana its financial condition, to be read there three months from that time, to which time that meeting was adjourned, and said to all the sisters ho felt like entering more fully and earuwtly into the work of home industries es 13 a and helping to become for President made, was Young by request them to rise to their feet, to which every one in the room responded gladly. This seems very little to say of so important a gathering, but there is not space to give all one would wish even of the gathering that has just taken place when a quaiter of a century has elapsed, and so much has been done that the half or even the tenth can never be toll. The hall is a beautiful brick building situatsd on Grant Avenue, between 21st and 22nd Stretts in Ogden City. The building site was given by Bishop Bernard White. It was only commenced a few months ago. It feet wide and seventy-eigh- t is forty-fiv- e feet long with a basement dining room 18x35 feet cloak rooms, entrance, stage, etc. It is finished inside in white with The cost is about light green trimmings. self-sustainin- its-se- lf $5,000. The stage and hall in wThich the Dedication took place was hung with pictures of the leaders of the Church, past and present, and at the farther end Sisters Eliza R. The house Snow and Jane S. Richards. On the platwas filled to overflowing. form were President John R. Winder, of the First Presidency, Patriarch John Smith, Apostle George Teasdale, President Seymour B. Young, of the Seven Presidents of Seventy, Bishop Orson F. Whitney and Elder Charles W. Penrose; also Presidents L. W. Shurtliff and C. F. Bishop Bernard White, of Ogden, Bishop McKay, of Huntsville, Patriarch Greene Taylor and others. Of the sisters, President Jane S Richards, (presiding) General President Bathsheba W. Smith and her first counselor, Annie T. Hyde, General Secretary Emmeline B. Weils, President M. Isabella Home, of the Salt L?-kStake Relief Society, and her first counselor, Sarah J. Cannon, and Phebe Young Beatie, member of the General Board, Sister Maria W. Wilcox, Cor. Sec. of the Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake and president of the 14th ward Relief Society, Salt Lake City; also Sisters Eliza T. Cannon, Maria B. Winder, treasurer of the Relief Society of Granite Stake, May Wells Whitney and Margaret A. Caine. These from Salt Lake City and vicinity. Associated with Sister Richards was her first counselor, Hattie C. Brown, who has been with Sister Richards from the beginning almost, and is an energetic and faithful laborer in every sense of the word; also Sister Martha A. Cannon, who is a member of the General Board and until very recently Stake Secretary in the Weber Relief Society, but resigned on account of being, necessarily, much away from home. It would be impossible to mention all the good sisters present on the platform, but we must mention Sister Josephine R. West, one of the General Presidents of the Primary Association, and Sister Mary E. Lightner, an aged veteran now in her 85th year, who was baptized in October, 1830, and who lived in Kirtland, Ohio, and was one of the singers in that wonderful Temple in that early day, and has known all the Apostles and Prophets from that day to the present time. The meeting opened by singing, "Redeemer of Israel," the congregation Prayer by Counselor C. F. joining. Middleton. Continued by singing "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet." The Mid-dleto- e n, 