WOMAN'S EXPONENT. times vice-chairme- at such conventions. In all these positions she is patriotic or nothing, working only for the right as she understands it, which is the only reward she seeks or ever gets. In the elective office of city, county or state, she has had her meed of recognition, and so we find her holding or having held the following offices: city treasurer, county Clerk, Auditor, Recorder, State Superintendent of Public Instruction, Legislators, State Senators, Registrars and Judges of Election. These offices carry a compensation wnich is fixed by law, and honestly paid regardless of sex. In the city and county offices today men and women employed are about equal, and they receive equal pay for equal work, whether men or women. The forgoing are gains to the ambitious and aspiring, but not by any means the limit of the gains which suffrage ensures to the race. There is a greater gain, a more inestimable boon to the great unnoticed mass The unobtrusive woman of wotnaukind. who thinks much but says little; the careful woman who economizes aud denies herself to make ends meet that excessive taxes may be paid, in the use of which she has hitherto had no voice; the womanly, dignified woman, who, satisfied to let well enough alone, contends not for the places sacred to men during all time; the motherly woman, whose only care is for righteous government that her children may be free from all oppression, free indeed in this Such women boasted land of freedom. constitute the majority of the sex who rejoice in the privilege to cast a free and What equal ballot and ask no more. more should they ask ? Is not this the vital spirit of equal rights, the very soul of suffrage ? Aye, and its crowning gain and glory. But, you say, the mass of women will not avail themselves of this great privilege; will not vote when they may. Not so, my Go you as we have gone friends, not so. to the official election returns, examine well the records, and statistics will prove to you that in this woman's zeal is at least equal to that of her brother man. You will find the percentage of the female vote from 49 to 60 per cent of the whole vote polled, And of the number of male and female. women registered 90 per cent cast their vote. Surely these facts prove that woman suffrage has gained its object, carping pessimists to the contrary notwithstanding. Emily S. Richards. Pres't. (Mrs.) J. Fewson Smith, Sec'y. IN MEMORIAM. SARAH WOOLLEY SUTTON. Sister Sarah Woolley Sutton, daughter of Bish Edwin D. and Ellen Woolley. died March 28 of pneu1902, at Paris, Bear Lake Co., Idaho, monia. Sister Sutton was born December 27, 1847, in Council Bluffs. She emigrated to Utah in 1848 When a child she passed with her parents of pioneer life. In 1887 scenes the earlv through she was married' to John A. Sutton. Her life has been one of usefulness and she lived a faithful Latter-daSaint. When she died she was surrounded by her husband, children, brother and sister and aged mother. Sister Sutton was the mother of two children, one son and one daughter, both of whom, with her husband survive her. The funeral was held in the Paris 1st ward W. Stucki, meeting house The speakers were J. William Budge. President Rich and William L. op y The casket was covered with flowers and a large cortege followed the remains to their last resting place. She led a quiet, peaceful life, and she was loved, honored and respected by all who knew her. Com. BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. SISTER LUCINDA HOUD. The subject of this sketch was the child of Arthur and Sarah Morgan, and was born in Monroe County, Illinois, November 1, 1820. Sister Houd joined the Church at a very early age, gathered to Nauvoo with the chosen people and was expelled with them in the troublous times of 1846. She went to Council Bluffs where she met Simeon F. Houd and was married to him March 16. 1847. He was one of the noble band of pioneers who first entered Salt Lake valley, July 24, 1847, and she followed him, arriving in September of that same year. They lived in Salt Lake for some years, enduring the hardships and privations of those early days with heroic fortitude. In 1851 they were called by the Church authorities to assist in the colonization of Parowan, and they were among the first settlers in that region. Again, in 1846, another call was made, in obedience to which Brother Houd and family moved to Beaver and built one of the first four houses in that place, In 1878 the husband died, and for the rest of her life Sister Houd lived a widow. Sister Houd was one of the members of the Relief Society organized in Nauvoo by the Prophet Joseph Smith, and was one of the first to The first presijoin that organization in Beaver. dent was Sister Jane Wyman, but she resigned March 7, 1869, and Sister Harriet Shepherd was She chose Sister Houd as her made president. first counselor and she filled that position for a Her energetic, faithful labors number cf years. were of great value to the society during this time. Sister Shepherd resigned November, 1871, and Sister Houd was called to take her place, which position she worthily filled for a little less than five years, resigning June 1, 1S76. It was during this period that her energy and perseverance and her desire to carry out counsel Word were manifest in a characteristic manner. had come from President Brigham Young that the society must begin to store grain. Wheat was scarce, but Sister Houd was determined to make a start in this direction. So she gathered together a few kindred spirits, eight of them in all, and taking their lunch with them they went into the All through the heat and dust of fields to glean. that weary day they continued their labors until at nightfall, tired and footsore, but happy, they returned with their treasure, five grain sacks closely packed with heads of the precious wheat. September 6, 1S79, Sister Houd was chosen president of the Relief Society of Beaver Stake and continued in this position until through an accident her hip was injured, and she was laid upon a bed of pain and sickness. Feeling that she was incapacitated from performing the duties of her office, she resigned September 25, 1896, having acted as Stake president a few days over seventeen years. In a year or two she recovered sufficiently to walk a little with great difficulty, but her active, busy life was over and from henceforth in this life a crown of suffering was hers. From that time until the day of her death she was an invalid, but she bore her pain with patience and resignation. She died Tuly 26, 1902. The immediate cause of her death was dropsy. Throughout her whole her last sickness, her and during especially life, faith never wavered, and her testimonies were strong and abundant. She was the mother of eleven children, seven of whom survive her. She was an energetic worker in the cause of truth, a faithful friend, a sacrificand mother; what more can be ing noble wife said of her ? Dear Sister Houd, may your body rest in peace and your bright spirit continue its unselfish labors until body and spirit shall be reunited in a glorious resurrection to receive an eternal exaltation in the presence of our Eternal Father. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Whereas it has pleased our Heavenly Father to remove by death and take to a higher sphere our beloved and revered colaborer, Sister Lucinda Houd, therefore be it Resolved, that we strive to emulate her unwaverto truth and purity; her ing faith and her fidelitydevotion to her religious and energy untiring duties and to her home; her sympathy and chari ty for the distressed and needy; her humility and obedience to proper authority. That we extend our sympathy and love to her family and friends, and pray that the comforting influence of the Holy Spirit may rest upon them; that they may realize th-.- t she is only gone before to enjoy the rest and reward of a well spent life. That a copy of these resolutions be sent to each of her children, one be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication and one be placed upon our records. Louis v W. Jones, Mary E. White, Committee, NOTES AND NEWS. Mrs. Mary Orser, of Vernal, Utah, was recently elected county school superinten- dent. One or two Catholic Bishops in this country have expressed themselves in favor of female suffrage. Sydney, N. S. W., August 14. The woman's franchise bill has passed both houses of the New South Wales Legislature. He who would ascend the ladder must All who are begin at the lowest round. above were once below. You do not have to persuade sunshine to come into your house. Open your shutter and it streams in. So it is with the heavenly love. Open your hearts, open your life, and it will enter. Mrs. Mary Ann Mills, a diamond expert, who died recently, was one of the most famous women in New York's commercial She was head of the firm of history. Mills and Coleman, which since 1859 has been one of the best know diamond houses on this continent. The home ought ever to be the scene of forbearance, love, charity and affinity. Husband and wife, parents and children, should be kind, gentle, responsive and Thus will be realized the sweethelpful. of est joys, the noblest of confidences and the dearest aud most enduring of relationships. Miss Clara Barton arrived in New York Wednesday, August 6, from the con- ference of the International Red Cross Society at St. Petersburg. Miss Barton received many courtesies and honors in Russia. She was entertained in the royal palaces and the imperial railway trains were placed at her disposal. The Czar personally decorated her with the highest order with which he can honor any one not of royal blood. Ex. AUTUMN BEECHES. O golden leaves so soon to pass away, Just on the point of death more fair ye shine Than when Spring's first glad draught of kindling wine Woke you to joy and light Life's closing day Beholds you clad in festival array, Glorious to greet earth's dreary, dark confine, Where leaves once drest in color brave as thine Shrink in the naked sadness of decay ! ! And wherefore not ? For, sure, some future Spring Shall call you back to take up Life's refrain Your sojourn in the shade is not for long; Death is the lot of every living thing, But life bids every dead thing wake again, And after sleeping comes the morning song. ! 