EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 96 ing, "Come, come ye Saints." Prayer by months, to be held at Centerville. " Counselor Henry Rampton. Counselor Hyrum Grant told the sisters Singing, sacred Roll if the beams they would teach their children the "'Softly dawning." of called and minutes previous morning principles of the Gospel, even though the session of conference read and approved. President Susan Grant then read an article from the Exponent and presented the names of the general officers. She also encouraged the sisters to support the Exponent, it is our paper and our duty to keep it up. Counselor Hyrum Grant: "I am very glad to have the privilege of bearing my testimony before the sisters There are many gifts given to the children of God, one of the greatest is to know this is the Church and Kingdom of God. In looking over the reports of what has been done for the poor, I find that the Relief Society has been a great help, and I know the people have been blessed in paying their donations. Farmington society was reported by "Our society is President Helen Miller: in a very good condition and all are trying to do what good they can. I pray the to us bless all." Lord Sister Julia Farnsworth: "I have been pleased with all that has been done here to day, especially the reports of what has been done for the poor. Money is given If we hoard it up we to us as a blessing. lose the blessing, while if we are liberal and generous with the poor we make many homes happy and our blessings are multiplied." She then related a very remarka-abl- e instance of how medical skill failed to restore a child's sight, but when the Priesthood was called in and faith was exercised the child began to improve. Counselor Joseph Clark: "I realize in looking over this congregation you are the ones who support the Relief Society. I know in every ward there are a certain few who are always at their post and can be It costs quite an effort to depended upon. live the life of a Saint, we have to make a good many little sacrifices, but it is these sacrifices that make us strong in the faith. I pray the Lord to bless us all." South Hooper society reported by President Alice King: "We are all trying to do the best we can and take care of the poor. President Emma Corbridge represented the West Lay ton society: "Our society is small and very scattered, the sisters are united and doing the best they can. The of the and we meets us with Lord Spirit have good meetings. I ask the Lord to bless us all. ' ' President Susan Grant: "I have been pleased and feel to endorse all that has been said. We must strive at all times to have the Spirit of the Lord with us to help raise our children in a pleasing manner before Seek wisdom in all things, this is Him. one of the greatest gifts. Let us never be guilty of uttering one word against the Lord's anointed, always look for the good in our brethren and sisters and always be ready to speak of their good qualities. My desire is to do my duty and serve the Lord. Our conference will be adjourned for three R. K. parents are not prominent in Church affairs, they would be made prominent through their children. Prayed God to bless us. Singing, "High on the mountain top." Benediction by President Amos Cook. Annie S. Neville, Sec. TOOELE CELEBRATION. PROGRAM FOR U. S. D. R. 1902 AND J903 April 1 6 Mrs. Elizabeth Titcomb, events of 1775, and 1776. 1. Brief review of events at Lexington, Concord, Ticonder-oga- , Crown Point, Bunker Hill and invasion of Canada. 2: Second meeting of the Continental Congress. 1776 3. The siege of Boston. The attack at Charleston. 5. Meeting of Continental Congress, May 10. 6. The New York campaign. May 16. Report of regents and delegates to annual meeting G. S. D. R. Mrs. S. F. Sep. 16. Events of 1778-7- 9, Smith. 1. The adoption of the "Stars and in2 Burgoyne's Stripes," June 14. b Burvasion: a British troops at Quebec; goyne's advance- c Hubbardton, Fort Edward, Bennington and Bemis heights; d Stillwater, or Saratoga, Sep. 19; e Second battle of Bemis Heights; The surrender of Burgoyne. Sep. 16. Events of 1777 Mrs. Isabel M. Sears. 1. The Alliance of rance. 2. Proposals of peace made by En&.. d. 3 Bat- tie of Monmouth. 4. Attack of Newport. 5. French fleet sail to West Indies. 6. English occupy Savannah. 8. Massacre of Wyoming and Cherry Valleys. 1799 80. British capture Augusta. 9. Siege of Savannah. 10. Recapture of Stony Point. 11. Paul Jones and the United States navy. Oct. 16. Events of 1780-8- 1, Mrs. C. Y. Cannon. 1 Siege of Charleston. 2. Battle of Camden. 3 Exploits of Marion, and Lee Pickens. 4. Battle of Sumpter, Mountain. King's 5. Treason of Arnold. 1781. 6. Battle of Cowpens. 7 Green's retreat through the Carolinas. 8. Battle of Guilford Courthouse. 9. Siege of York-tow10. Close of war. Nov. Thanksgiving Day, Mrs. E B. Wells, i. Origin of Thanksgiving. 2. First Thanksgiving in New England. 3. Record of official appointment of days of Thanksgiving in Massachusetts Bay and Plymouth. 4. Occasional Thanksgivings appointed by Dutch governors in New Netherlands. 5. Thanksgiving a national day during the revolution. 6. When by Congress. 7. Thanksgiving for peace in 1784. 8. How celebrated in .New England. Dec. Reminiscences by Mrs. Doug all of James Otis, John Adams, John Hancock, Samuel Adams, Paul Revere, Patrick Henry, Benjamin Franklin, Peyton Randolph, Robert Morris, Thomas Jefferson, Silas Deane, Alexander Hamilton, James Madison and Thomas Paine. Jan. Some noted Englishmen, Myra Y. 71 n. rec-omend- ed Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for you money, The Tooele Relief Society celebrated the sixtieth anniversary of the organization of the Society with two very interesting and well attended meetings, the meeting house being tastefully decorated with bunting, etc. Space will not allow for the publication of the two pleasing and instructive programs, but it is safe to say all felt repaid for having come out to hear them. At night a dance was given in the Social Hall by the sisters, and thus ended a day long to be remembered by the residents of Tooele. Lillian Gillespie, Sec. - THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, Rossiter: Preston Gage, Pitcairn, Howe, Clinton, Burgoyne, Guy, Carlton, Prescott, Governors Dunmore and Cornwallis, Tyron. Feb. George Washington, Mrs. P. T. Farnsworth. 1. His family; early manhood; love and marriage. 2. Taking command; starting the government. 3. As a party man; his nationality. 4. His closing years. A PLEASANT TIME. The sixtieth anniveisary of the organization of the Relief Society was celebrated by the Hooper Ward. The Bishop was present and a fine program was rendered. Adeline Belnap told some pleasing incidents in the life of the Prophet, that had transpired when she was a child. An e:say on the organization of the Relief Society in 1842, its acheivements and progress, was read. The choir furnished some fine selections, and songs, speeches and recitations were rendered. A dinner was served by the sisters and a dance, in which many old We had a day of enpeople participated. be to remembered. joyment long Catharine Naisbitt, Under instructions from President Roosevelt, a general order in the interests of social purity has just been issued from the War Department to all our officers and soldiers, "especially those serying in the tropics and away from home." The common sense and practical sagacity of its recommendations will be recognized by all persons of experience. From Maine to California women and good men will be grateful to the President for this action. Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and said interest four times a year. comput9 WRITE for any information desired. Lorenzo Snow, Prest. We aim to give you as "T py (J S Sec. George Nos. -5 Main Street, M. Cannon, Cashier 