r WOMAN'S 94 God, for a prophet." Prayer by Bishop James C. Watson. Singing, "How firm a foundation." President West in her opening address extended a warm welcome to those present. Spoke of the growth of the good work of the society. Our Heavenly Father blesses us in our labors. Spoke of the magnitude of the work of the society which is ever Her alert to care for the sick and needy. earnest desire was for the welfare of the All married women who are society. Latter-da- y Saints should be members of the Relief Society. The Prophet Joseph Smith was impressed to organize this society for a benefit and blessing to us. If we live up to our privileges we shall gain an exaltation in the kingdom of our Heavenly Father. A brief sketch of the Relief Society from its first organization up to the present time was read by Secretary E. Condie. Song, "The Holy City," by Mamie Evans. Organ solo, Louisa Giaque. Counselor Ellen R. Watson knew Joseph Smith was a prophet of the Lord, he was inspired when he organized the Relief Society. Was pleased to be connected with her sisters in this grand and noble work. Those who have large families have many home duties to perforin, but there are but few who could not find time to attend their meetings and attend to spiritual duties. In the faithful discharge of them we gain a blessing. Said let us assist the needy and encourage those who are weak iu the faith. Referred to the ten cent fund to assist the sisters in their traveling expenses. Counselor Alice Butter worth said the Prophet Joseph turned the key when he organized the Relief Society for the benefit of the poor, the sick and afflicted. Spoke of the noble women with whom she was and had been acquainted, was pleased to have such an honor. Such were President Eliza R. 3now Smith, Ziua D. H. Young, Bathsheba W. Smith and Sister Emmeline B. Wells, faithful, energetic workers in the kingdom of cur Heavenly Father, giving their kind counsels and instructions to the sisters "Their1 s is a noble work, they are laying up treasures in heaven.'.' Spoke earnestly to the sisters who were not enrolled as members to become so. They could form no idea of the unity and love we sisters have for each other. We enjoy the Spirit of the Lord by doing good in this noble work, which will never end until our Savior comes to reign on the earth. Bishop James C. Watson said we have not only met as a Relief Society anniverApsary, but as a reunion of the ward. proved of the sketch read by the secretary. Many reflections were brought to his mind. Referred to the magnitude of this Latter-da- y The divinity of the Prophet work. Joseph Smith, the inspiration he received from God the Eternal Father to inspire him to organize the Relief Society, also in electing those sisters in their various offices. Spoke of the unity of the sisters in this society with the Bishopric, the noble work they had done and were doing. Referred to the good instruction given by Apostle Anthon Lund during conference, on being kind to the young people, not using harshness, but use kindness, patience and forbearance to the wayward: ones. Counseled the sisters to be charitable to each other, seek after those who are not so strong in the faith, encourage them to be O EXPONENT. Thanked his Heavenly one with you. Father for His many blessings to him in restoring him in health and strength thus far. Singing, "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah." Patriarch Jesse West referred to the grand and marvelous work performed by the Prophet Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum, the kind, sympathetic disposition of Related an instance of his the latter. with the Prophet in regard to an pleading Felt to bless the Relief erring brother. Society in the name of the Lord. Spoke of the sayings of Paul. Felt to honor and love President Joseph F. Smith and Patriarch John Smith, for they were lineal descendants of the Prophet Joseph and his brother, Hyrum Smith. Elder Giauque realized the importance of the work devolving upon the Relief There is much to be considered; Society. the power they can exercise at home is great, they should be in unity with their husbands, should put aside selfishness and These give aid to those who are in need. sisters can do more than the brethren, they know better the wants of the sisters. Their sympathy and kind acts can relieve those Said all who are bowed down or sick. be married should members wOJien young of the Relief Society, they need counsel and instruction from those who have had experience. Spoke of the divine mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith, also of the first organization of the Relief Society, it being the only one organized in that way. Spoke of the auxiliaries which were organized, such as the Mutual and Primary, which are the first. In the Primary the little tots are taught in a simple way the principles of truth. These were organized by the Presidency or with their sanction, and are just as essential in their proper order. But the Relief Society is of a different character. It gives a wide scope for thought and action, Spoke of the unity and love that should exist in the home circle, children were much better trained when parents were united and often follow in the footsteps of their parents. Sister Powel had been in the Church many years, gave her experience and also bore a faithful testimony to the truth of the Gospel, said she had been connected with this society twenty years. Many do not realize the importance of the work to be done in this society. Spoke of the redemption for the dead, what a blessed thing that the Lord has opened a way for those who did not hear and obey the Gospel here, and have passed behind the veil. Brother Winter felt blest in being located with the Saints of God in these valleys. Bore a powerful testimony to the healing power through the servants of God in his behalf. Bore testimony that President Brigham Young was a servant of God. Even the Gentiles acknowledge him to be a great man, spoke of his power as a leader and how through his influence the Lord made the sterile valleys to blossom as the rose. Brother James Latham spoke of the Relief Society as a different organization to any other. It opened up a wide channel to extend sympathy, charity, counsel and instruction to the sisters. It was organized by revelation through the Prophet Joseph Smith, and is throughout the world where our people are. It has attracted the notice of many in the world, and many other He had organizations pattern after it. been connected with the ward for forty-tw- o years, was acquainted with President West, Counselor Alice Butterworth and Sister Rushton, all were untiring in their efforts for good and had performed a noble part. Brother Pugh thought the Prophet Joseph did not foresee the magnitude of this great work when he organized the Relief Society, for it has grown to a marvelous extent. The sisters have done a noble work. Spoke of the integrity of Counselor Ellen R. Watson to the Gospel, rejoiced in hearing her strong testimony to the truth of the Gospel. He had been acquainted with her from her girlhood. Sister Rushton bore a strong testimony to the truth. She was personally acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith in Nauvoo, underwent many trials and tribulations in connection with her husband and the Saints, being driven and threatened to be shot by the mob. Shared both joy and sorrow with the Saints at that time. When she reflected on these things her heart was too full to say more. Brother Poulton bore testimony to the divinity of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Was proud to be connected with such noble women as President West, Counselor Butterworth and Sister Rushton, had known them since the year 1864. Their deeds of kindness would never be forgotten, they were noble women working for tie interest of their sisters, ever cheerful in the discharge of their duties, willing to respond to the calls made on them night or day to alleviate suffering. Joseph Smith was a prophet of the Lord, revered hjs memory. Honored the sisters in their various callings. President Albert Reiser, of the Y. M. M. I. A., spoke briefly on the first organization of the Relief Society by the Prophet, also the name desired by him for that society, he desiring it to be called a Benevolent Association, it being overruled, 'however, by the sisters. Emma Smith as president giving her hearty approval, it was known at that time as the Female Relief Society, the Prophet kindly giving way to the sisters in this. Today there are man) societies in the world who are patterning after us. The organization known as the National Council of Women, to which our Relief Society is connected, has many noble women as members who are alleviating the sufferings of many, lightening the labor of many young boys and girls who have to toil hard in workshops, trying to ring about a better condition of things in the world. But the Relief Society was organized by divine revelation, and those connected with it are seeking through their faithfulness to be a power for good among their sisters. Emina Smith was elected by revelation some twelve years previous to the time of the organization, "to expound the scriptures." When Emma was elected president, the Prophet said, "Now is the revelation fulfilled." Counselor Burt endorsed the sentiments of the former speakers, spoke on the law of obedience to the Priesthood of God, the observance of his laws, also the divinity of the Prophet Joseph and the noble work the sisters of the Relief Society had done and are doing. Sister Latham bore a strong testimony to the truth of the Gospel, Had been connected with the Relief Society many years. She was pleased to have our Bishop with 