54 May this be our blessing, I ask in the name of Jesus. Amen. SISTER ELMINA S. TAYLOR. I am sorry they have called My upon me to speak because my voice is so poor. Iam suffering from the effects of a If jou cannot understand me bad threat. will allowance for it. make you I am proud today to be called upon to make a few remarks. in regard to our beloved Sister Home I have lived on the same block with her for nearly forty years. I have associated with her in her home and I in her labors among the sisters of Zion. have served under her as a secretary for our Relief Society in the 14th ward for many years, and I have traveled through the cities of Zion with her, and I can truthfully say that I have never known a belter woman, one who is more full of the spirit of inspiration and love of the Gospel and a desire to do gcod on the eath while she may live upon it. I can never remember any circumstance where Sister Home has done anything that we should censure, but has always bten, to our knowledge, for the advancement of tne kingdom of God and gf the daughters of Zion. Her heart has be en filled with this and she has desired to perform the work of God in every way that We have enjoyed some of the she could. most lovely times in her home that we I presume behave ever had anywhere. cause of that love and sympathy and the spirit of the Gospel. She has been a model for the daughters of Zion to take as an example. And may God bless her, and may her remaining days upon the earth be sweet and peaceful, and may the love of God be with her. May her children be preserved and may they still continue to follow in the paths of their parents is my prayer in the name of Jesus. Amen. SISTER EMMELINE B. WELLS. I feel that this demonstration is more than due to Sister Home for the labors she While sitting here I have has performed. been thinking that if all the daughters of Zion could have come here to look upon her face and hear what she will say to us afterwards, for no doubt she will respond to what has been said, they would have been well paid, for we never knew her to fail on any occasion. I am sure she will tell us something of the divine mission of the prophet Joseph Smith. She is certain'y one of the first of our sisters who knew him. I do not know if the.e are any older, but I think not in this city. She has traveled all over these Reeky mountains. She came here in October, 1847, and has been a valuable woiker and a strength to the women of Zion ever since. As you have been told she was acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith and his mother, who was one of the greatest women that ever graced this earth." Sister Wells made other remarks concerning veteran sisters; and in behalf of the sisters of Salt Lake Stake presented Sister Home with an elegant fur cape and a silk umbrella. The following is the substance of President M. Isabella Home's response and address: Sister Home was considerably overcome by the eulogies made and the kindness and love manifested and the gifts presented, but with her great she rose to the sell-contr- words expressed her pleasure and appreciation of the Testimonial and of the presents from occasion and in a few well-chose- u the Relief Society of the Salt Lake Stake, thanking one and all. of the sisters who had shown her such honor and respect. Sister Horne spoke modestly of her efforts made for the benefit of the Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake, over which she had presided twenty-fivyears within a few days, the Stake had grown during how and large now w'hen two other even and that time, from it there were taken Stakes had been She spoke of her wards. more than thirty great love for the sisters and her desire to continue in the service as long as the Lord was pleased to give her health and strength to perform the duties of her calling; her one desire was to serve the Lord and assist in building up his work upon the earth She was thanklul to testily of the truth of the Gospel and the divine mission of Joseph Smith the Prophet. Sister Horne had first heard the Gospel in Toronto, Canada, where she was then residing, and herself and husband were both converted and baptized into the Church; the Prophet visited Toronto and was the guest of Brother and Sister Horne, who at that early period had the opportunity of his personal acquaintance, and from him learned many precious truths. Sister Horne gave a glowing description of'the Prophet's wonderful personality and charming manner, the power that he had and the heavenly influence that he carried with him at all times; she related how she entertained him again for several days after the vSaints were driven from Missouri while she and her family were residing in Quincy, Illinois, and from that time forward Brother and Sister Horne were on intimate terms with the Prophet and his family up to the time of the martyrdom; they were also well acquainted with Sister Lucy Smith, the Prophet's mother, a woman of wonderful presence and prophetic power, greatly beloved for her many virtues and who possessed great faith and power in administer--in- g to the sick. Sister Horne has known all the Apostles and veteran authorities of the Church from the days of Kiriland. She refered to the first, organization of the Relief Society to which she belonged and testified that it was organized by the Prophet Joseph; alo alluded to President Brigham Young appointing her to take charge of the first General Retrenchment Associaiion; she exhorted the sisters to faithfulness and diligence and blest them as mothers in Israel in the name of the L' rd The meeting was adjourned by singing a selection by members of the Temple choir, and the benediction was pronounced by President Angus M. Cannon. e IN MEMORIAM. EMMA BARBER PIKE. Tread softly here, a dear one sleeps, And angels guard the spot, Their loving vigils ever keep, And we forget thee not. Another friend and sister has gone to join those in the silent land. We see her here no more, nor hear her loving voice. Sister Emma Barber Pike departed this life, 1902, and in one respect her wish was fulfilled, as she died with the harness on. She was faithful to the end, and as those who endure faithful to the end are Nov-vember- they who will receive the reward of duty done, her reward is certain. Sister Pike was born iu Birmingham, England, January 20, 1839. When about eight years of age she was baptized into the Saints Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daAt the age of by Brother George Biugh. a twenty she married Samuel Pike, member of the Church. About seven years after their marriage they emigrated to Utah, crossing the plains with au ox team. They staid in Salt Lake for a short time, then moved to Coalville, where they lived for sx years; leaving there they next went to Alma, Wyoming. Here Sister Pike was called to act as president of the Relief Society, which position she held f..r a number of 3 ears and made of the society what she did of every work she set her hand to, a success. Many are the good deeds she performed, and many are the grateful hearts who can truly say, "Her good works follow her." While living there they lost their home by fire, and all they possessed was burned in it: I have often heard her tell of that disaster and what a grief it was to lose what they had worked so hard to get, but with her characttristic cheerfull-nes- s and her unbounded faith and hope, she went to work with a will to help to make another home. After leavingAlma they moved to Laketowrn then to Bear Lake, where she was called to act as president, of the first Primary Association organized there, Sister E. R. Snow She labored organizing the association. she remaiud while faithfully in this calling to time. After coming Logan she was called as president of the Sixth Ward Primary, in which capacity she labored many years, even after being called as counselor In Octoto the Primary of Ca he Stake. ber 1 90 1, she was made president of the Cache Stake Primaries, which position she held at the time cf her death. Wheu the Lgan Temple was opened, she was called there as a worker, and performed her part of the work in that Holy House for a number of years. In every position to which she was called she was faithful and true. Her whole heart was in It was the work of the kingdom of God her desire to do all that she could, and she labored to inspire others with a love for the work. She was a generous, whole-soule- d woman, who leeling she had freely received I knew her best in desired to give freely. the Primary work, as we have labored together for many years, and I never knew her to shirk a duty or to neglect one. She had the love of all the children, and she loved them. She often said she hoped she would be permitted to labor with the children when she passed behind the vail, as to her there was nothing so holy and pure as the love of a little child. She was not a mother, but the instinct of motherhood was shown in her deep love for the little ones and her devotion to their welfare. Nothing greater can be. said of her than she did all she could, and was faithful ar.d true y True unto death to the work she was given Faithfully labored to do all her part; Earning salvation a sweet rest in heaven; Ever we'll miss thee, dear, faithful heart, Mattie Blair Hanson. s, President Roosevelt has seut to the Senate a general international agreement in the shape of a treaty for the suppression of the traffic in girls for immoral purposes. 