WOMAN'S EXPONENT. . RELIEF SOCIETY SEXTENNIAL. Ye sisters of the covenant, the new and never ending. My sisters dear, I greet you, with love and honor blending; Greet you as that faithful band our prophet organized, Of women first in history, as now well recognized. Greet you, generous, loyal friends, God's noble women you, At this, the sixtieth milestone, still brave and good and true. Organized for sweet relief, you marked the dawning age. When daughters of our King should turn a bright, '' new page, "f was then the prophet Joseph Smith, with foresight more than human, By heavenly inspiration, "turned the key for woman." For sisterhood throughout the world, was destined then to be A broader field of usefulness, new life and liberty As by contrast we can see greater cause for happiness, And our comforts better know after seasons of distress, Let us glance at woman's status in the dark benighted ages So vividly depicted in old historic pages: With retrospective vision briefly view the by-go- yeais With the thraldom then existing, their sorrows and their tears, Their base, luxurious living, their slavery and sin, Their rank and dire oppression and all' the woe therein: When might not right was victor, man's noble nature slept, When woman in subjection in pain and anguish wept, When fickle kings would weary and seek a fairer flower, And doom their frail companions to terrors of the tower. And some could almost likened be to beasts of burden then; Abused downtrodden and oppressed the mothers too of men These mothers who had given by nature's sweet accord, o man the boon of living, and this the base re. ! ward In the higher education, she could not then take part To develop all tht powers of head and hand and heart, Their minds dwarfed and narrowed in mould of ! serfdom formed. Till the kindling touch of heaven man's frozen heartstrings warmed Until the youthful prophet, taught by angels as of old. Opened up this Dispensation, all its glories to unfold, Unbarred the gates long guarded and opened wisdom's vault, That woman with her brother might all her powers exalt, To share with man life's struggle, or good or ill betide, As helpmeets and companions walk nobly by his side. In truth the time had come for the world to recognize That woman had a mission, from obscurity must rise To nobler fields of usefulness, and higher realms of thought. Into life's grand arena should her tenderness be brought. Then to smooth the roughened places, to touch the hidden spring, Of man's innate humanity, and from its treasures bring The purest gems of virtue, true philanthropy and love, To ameliorate man's present state, his noble ' nature prove. She has gained more brilliant victories than wars have ever done, By her gentle, kind persuasion the brightest laurels won. Then, too, as prudent stewards, you store the precious grain, That want may be averted till harvest comes again. You feed the hungry, clothe the poor, give gener- ous relief; You soothe the sad and stricken ones, in deep distress and grief; You minister with gentle hand to sick and suffer- - ! With faith and love and holv peace in all your ministering. And yours at times the duty is to note the latest breath, To hear the solemn last good byes, to close the eyes in death; Prepare the burial clothes, enshroud the silent forms, As mothers to the motherless take orphans to your arms.' In a thousand ways you labor; what would our Bishops do Without your kind assistance, so valiant, staunch and true Truer, better wives and mothers all are seeking to become, To bring the best of heart and hand to glorify the home. God bless you, noble sisters true, in works of sacred love, May your bring great blessings that will prove As "bread cast on the waters" to again return to you. May the structure that you builded prove better than you knew. Then hail! dear sis'.ers. faithful workers in the noble cause Thy deeds of charity and love may lack the world's applause, But there is One who' knoweth thy worth the angels tell, And thy reward is doubly sure He doeth all things vrell Ellis R. Shipp. ! , ! ! MARCH I7TH CELEBRATIONS. HEBER CITY. The Relief Society of the two wards of Heber celebrated the sixtieth anniversary of the organization on the 17th of March in a pleasing manner in Turner's Opera House, commencing at one o'clock p. m. The program consisted of songs, recitations and speeches, after which a delicious lunch was served. The evening was spent in dancing, interspersed with songs and recitations. A very enjoyable time was spent by all present. Christina Gii.es. RIVERDAIE. The Relief Society of Riverdale, Weber Co., Utah, held annual day exercises on March 17, 1902, this being the sixtieth anniversary of the organization. The exercises were held in the ward meeting house, commencing at eleven o'clock a. m., President Mary M. Dye preThe congregation sang, "Come, siding. anew." us let Prayer by Elder Richard A. M. I. The sang, "How swift the Dye. months have passed." President Mary M. Dye gave to all a welcome and spoke upon the organization of the Relief Society. A paper upon Recitation, Lucinda Fife, Relief of the Society was the organization Child. Duett, Margaret read by Sarepta Fife and Amy By bee. Patriarch Sanford of Bingham spoke of the Relief Society and its good work among the poor and needy. Felt in his heart to bless them, for they were trying to comfort those who need assistance. Remarks were made by Sister Edna to our late Stimpson, who was counselor rendered was mixed a quartette president, BinghJames Sarah Dye, by Nancy By bee, were remarks and G. Dye, am and Samuel made by Counselor Mary Stimpson. Bishop A. A. Bingham was thankful that the Relief Society was in the ward, as it is a great help. He knew the sisters to be good, faithful women, and prayed the Lo'-- to bless them in their labors. Remarks were made by Counselor Martha A. Fife, Brothers William Stinip- - son and Joseph Fife. "Praise to the man' ' was sung by the congregation. Counselor Samuel G. Dye, of the Bishopric, realized the importance of the Relief work and knew the sisters Society to be women of wisdom, patience and industry. "By their works ye shall know them," and they will be rewarded accord- ing to their works. Benediction was pronounced by Brother William C. Parker. By the assistance of the young ladies a bountiful repast was spread, and after partaking of the same, a social time was enjoyed. Songs, recitations, music and step dancing by the older brethren were enjoyed by all. In the evening a grand ball was given which was participated in by old and young. Mary M. Dye, Pres. FOURTEENTH WARD. The Fourteenth Ward Relief Society had a pleasant social gathering of the members ot the ward in honor of. the sixtieth anniversary of the organizotion of the Relief Society by the Prophet Joseph Smith, in Nauvoo, March 17, 1842. The opening hymn, "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah," was sung by the congregation. Prayer was offered T. Counselor E. by Taylor. Singing, "We thank Thee, 0 God, for a prophet." A brief address of welcome by President M. W. Wilcox. Solo by Miss Ida Due. A sketch of the life of Emma Smith, Sister Recitation by Miss Vida Caroline Smoot. Fox. "The Seer" was sung by Brother Thomas Poulter. Interesting remarks were made upon the life of the Prophet Joseph by Brother Samuel W. Richards. Solo by Sister Maggie Hull. Recitation Remarks by by Miss Frankie Young. Recitation by Brother M. E. Taylor. Selection by the Brother Thomas Hull. choir led by Brother Butler. Benediction, Brother J. E. Fox. Refreshments were then served and a pleasant social time was spent by all present. FIFTH WARD. The Fifth Ward annual gathering took place on Monday afternoon, March 17th, 1902, to commemorate the organization of the Relief Society. The meeting was opened by singing, "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah." Prayer was offered by Sister M. A. Rich. Singing, "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet, ' ' after which a most interesting and instructive program was rendered. Address of welcome, President R. H. Pettitt. Essay on Relief Society work by Annie Griffiths. Recitation, "A Woman's Duett, Annie, L,ife," Hannah Jerram. Bird and H, Nuttall. Reading minutes of the first organization of the Relief Society, Piano solo, Theresa Margaret Buchanan. Recitation, Annie Marcroft. Carlquist. Mandolin and guitar duett, Samuel Sed-do- n and Joseph Walsh. Remarks on early days, Richard Brimley. Singing, "Now Benediction by Brother let us rejoice." W. Brimhall. After the program refreshments were served and dancing and a general good time was indulged in. To see the old folks enjoy themselves was decidedly entertaining. A Guest. . 