WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 88 Bible would be a Mormon, but found myself mistaken. When I went to see our Epif copal minister, hoping he would investigate our principles, "Oh, no," he told me, "I must remember that whether there be prophecies they will fail, tongues shall cease " I repeated the next Here he stopped. "And sentence, knowledge will vanish away." "Well," said he, "Whoever shall add to the words of this book, God will add the plagues which are written there." "Yes," said I, "this is John the Reve-lator- 's vision. He would not have you add :. : or take from it. " He then asked to be ' excused, said he must visit a sick person. - I was disappointed and grieved, but still hoped he might yet see the Gospel in its own true . : : - OcAll this happened in September. went and I time came tober and my expired home to Deansville, a small village twelve Xice farms were surmiles from Utica. rounding ; the place, in whose families I could use my trade. My stepfather, whose name was Joseph Dunlap, welcomed me home and I gave him some books to read concerning our faith. . The farmers said to me, "Your father is getting to be a Mormon." I replied, "No, he is only reading some books." ; Finally an Elder arrived at our home, his name was Cyprian Marsh. But our neighbors would not give him leave to Our next door preach in that settlement. neighbor, ah aged woman, whose name I do not remember, said she was acquainted with Joseph Smith and all the Smith family. She was a bitter enemy of theirs and made our neighbors bitter also, so much so that they made an effigy of Mr. Marsh in the field opposite our house. They did not burn it, however, they did it to yex us. Elder Marsh was a good speaker and did a good work. In a short time, in one week I think, our family accepted the Gospel and were baptized in a stream which ran Cyprian Marsh baptized through our lot. them after damming up the stream. There were four of them, Father Dunlap's daughter, Ann and his brother, Dawson Dunlap, ' my mother, Sarah Dunlap, and our who was dressmaker, ; , Ursula Cole, sewing for us at the time. All were pleased and thankful they had heard the Gospel. Elder Marsh then left us to, go to Nau-voWe met him there in one year after. The farmers, our. neighbors, were willing we should go, and willing to buy bur property to help us go, because theyidid not like our religion. Accordingly we were all glad to take our leave, wishing to see and hear the Prophet. Father and mother must go' to see my mother's sister who lived twenty miles east of Utica. She hoped her sister would enjoy this Gospel as she. had done, and wished to give her a chance. But Aunt Mary believed in election, and said, "If you are one of the elect you will be saved, but if not, you will not." . o. . . R. K. She had a daughter quite low with consumption, Cousin Ann Maria Dodge. She told me she wished me to stay with her mother. She said, "Mother will be so lonesome when I am gone." My mother consent and I her stayed, but in one gave short week her spirit took its flight. But father and mother were on their way to Nauvoo, leaving my sister, Ann, with Mrs. Monroe, in Utica. September arrived and Ann came for me to go to Nauvoo, saying a company was soon to start from Buffalo to Nauvoo. We We took leave of Aunt Mary and went. arrived there in time and found Mrs. Monroe's brother and family (a part of them) went with us. The captain of this company was Bradford Elliot. After leaving for Cincinnati we came to the Ohio river and took a steam boat. Here we found a company from Boston (Brigham Young was their captain) and others from Nauvoo, Daniel Spencer and Heber C. Kimball, George A. Smith, Her baby Sister Cobb and two children. died at Cincinnati but the little girl is living yet, here in Utah. We found the Boston company very agreeable, making our trip quite a pleasant one. We arrived in Nauvoo in September. The weather was quite fine and the city a pleasant one, but some enemies destroyed the peace of the prophet, as well as of the He had been arrested and taken Church. the before magistrates over thirty times and proved innocent each time. The climate was not healthy because ot the fog which rose from the river. We all had chills and fever, yet could attend meeting and hear our prophet preach, I am happy to say. But the unhappy feelings continued, and after awhile they must see the prophet, he must bear the blame for everything. the river to see some . He had crossed Indiana in Iowa, with some others. Brother John Taylor and his (Joseph's) brother, Hyrum, and Willard Richards were with him. ; Sister Emma Smith, his wite, sent them a person saying, "Surely the shepherd will not leave the sheep. 0, no, come back to the sheep, to save yourself and the sheep." His brother said "Let ns go back." They all took his counsel and delivered themselves up and went with him to Carthage. You know the result. Joseph and Hyrum did not survive, they were martyrs. As his mother said, "They are better off than those who slew them." But their brother Samuel's grief was more than he could bear, he only lived one month. This was in June, 1844. We were permitted to finish the Temple sufficient to receive ordinances therein, then leave it, which we did. This took one year and a half. We had the 4ise of it in January, then left for the mountains in February, 1846,"" arrived ihe same year at Council Bluffs and wintered there. A part of the company, however, stopped at Mount Pisgah for a time and a few at Garden Grove, and others at Council Bluffs, but the greater part reached Win . THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah; WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for you money. ter Quarters and so many children and parents died there that it seemed quite a field of the dead. In April, 1846, the officers of the Church, with Brother Brigham the captain , left for the mountains, and in May another company followed, myself being one of them. The Sabbath day, was a blessing to the people as well as the cattle, and the Platte river was also a blessing. We were benefited by it nearly all the way until we came to Green river. Here we came th chimney rock, so called because a rock about the size of a house at the bottom, then a black chimney at the top singular to look at but on the other side of the river. On this side we found a tree and a pail. In the tree was a letter written by our brethren, the pionTwice we found eers, who left it for us. letters for us in a tree, with the date when they left there. Not long after we met them on their way going home, a joyful This was at Pacific Spring, so meeting. called because it was the first stream which flowed towards the Pacific ocean. They stopped with us two days, because we must travel twenty miles before we came to water. This would be hard on the After telling us the difficulties animals. we must meet, we bado each other farewell, wishing each other peace and prosperity. In one week we arrived at the Fort, our home, built of logs by those who had returned from the Mexican war. Yes, those men to whom Brother Brigham said, "I do not think you will fight, for the Lord said, 'I will fight your battles.' " It was September 12 when our captain, George B. Wallace, arrived. A part of his company came later and took their time. We had no snow for three months, and not through the winter, as I expected. City One of Creek watered the ground nicely. the company had a large ox, the poorest animal I ever saw, the property of Joseph Dunlap. In six weeks it was fat and good and was killed. The beef was as tender as a chicken. Well, all the cattle were the same, no doubt, and by dividing our share with the Yet Indians we made friends with them. they would sometimes help themselves to our cattle when they could find a herd some distance from a settlement. This as well us we as that must watch taught do and as we done to be wish by pray, under such circumstances. M. E. K. . Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank n Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. Lorenzo Snow, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier We aim to give you as HTRY U Nos. -5 Main Street. 