WOMAN'S EXPONENT. participants as a day of perfect enjoyment, peace and harnion) An Observer, ninth ward. The sixtieth anniversary of the organization of the Relief Society was celebrated in the Ninth Ward meeting house, March 17, President Mary Mair presiding. Meeting opened by singing, "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet." Prayer by Sister E. L. Webb. Singing, "O My 1902, Father." A program consisting of songs, recitations and singing by the younger members of the ward was rendered. Sister Lucy W. Smith Kimball made interesting remarks on the early history of the Church and the organization of the Relief Society by the Prophet Joseph Smith. She paid a glowing tribute to Sister Emma Smith, the first president of the Relief Society. Brother C. W. Penrose said the Prophet Joseph was inspired of God when he orIt was a great help ganized this society. to the Bishops of the different wards. He advised the sisters to meet together often and strengthen each other by their testimonies and faith in this great work, said the Lord would protect and guide us if our hearts were right before Him. Bishop J. W. West realized the good work the sisters were accomplishing in ministering to the sick and assisting the poor. Brother 0. A. Pettit also made timely remarks and encouraged the sisters to press forward in the good work. An excellent luncheon was partaken of by all present which numbered over one hundred. After luncheon there were more recitations and singing. The meeting was then brought to a close, Sister Martha Barrow pronouncing the benediction. U. M. G. ORANGE VILLE. A celebration was held March 17, 1902, by the Relief Society of Orangeville, in commemoration of the sixtieth anniversary of the organization of the Relief Society at tzjauvoo, 111. The Social Hall was very tastelully decorated for the occasion, the ladies hall being too small to accomodate the large crowd, as the general public was invited. Religious exercises were held in the afternoon, President R. E. Robertson presiding. Singing, "Praise to the man." Prayer by Brother P. A. Childs. Singing, "Oh, give me back my Prophet dear." Sketchof the life of the Prophet Joseph Historical Smith by N. T. Guy man. Sr. sketch of the Relief Society organization, General, Stake and Ward, by Sister Maria Music on the accordean by Guyman. Reminiscences of Brother A. 'Anderson. the Prophet Joseph Smith by Sister J. P. Curtis. Recitation, "Fraught by the Mother's of Men," by Sister Mary Jewkes. Original poem by Sister J. E. Childs: Essay on the Relief Society by S ister A.' ' M. Fitt. A round, "The Praise of our King, was then rendered by the choir. Remarks by President R. E. Robertson. Song, "Take Me Home," by Brother and Sister Hadfield. Recitation, "The Magic Key," by Sister Lizzie Reid. Appropriate and interesting remarks were made by Bishop Joseph Robertson. Singing, "Our God, 93 we raise to Thee." Benediction by the NOTICE TO ALL INTERESTED IN SILK chaplain. CULTURE. One of the pleasing features of the afternoon was the singing by the Relief The Utah Silk Commission take pleasure Society choir, under the leadership cf Sister Rachel in again notifying the people of our State Hillian. that the season for raising silk worms is The party in the evening was well at- here again, and that we are prepared to tended by old and young. The dancing send sine worm eggs to those who desire to was interspersed with the following pro- engage in this industry this year. We gram: Song by Brother A. Jewkes. Song have already received many letters from and step dance by Sister Eliza Coik. those who intend taking up the work this Music by Joseph Jewkes, Robert Johnson season, and hope those who have raised and J. D. Jewkes. Lecture on charity by silk in the past will continue to do so in the Sister M. Tuttle. Song by Loraine and future, as their past experience will help Joseph Jewkes. Song by Florence Hawkes them to add much to the quality of the and others. Song, "Flitting Away," by cocoons they raise this year. We also advise those engaging in this work to use the Adelaide Thompson. Picnic was passed about 11:30 p. m. Old pamphlet of instruction issued by the Comtime dances were a part of the evening's mission, as many failures in the past have which were We entertainment, indulged in by been due to the use of other books. must remember that this high and dry all. The committee were Hattie S Reid, R. climate is very different to most silk proE. Robertson, S. E- - Curtis, Jane Moffitt, ducing countries; this is one reason why Amelia Jewkes, Anna M. Fitt and Mary we have so much better results when we understand how to take advantage of these Cox. conditions. CEDAR CITY. We are pleased to inform the public that effort is being made in Congress to an The 17th of March was celebrated by the assist those who are interested in this Relief Society holding a special meeting at aho that a line of scientific experiwork, two p. m. in the ward hall. Everybody mental work will be taken up this year at was invited and a large attendance was the Experimental Station in Logan, which present. The program previously arranged by a not only shows the growing interest iu silk committee of sisters was duly appreciated: culture, but will also give information we Vocal aiid instrumental music by several of greatly need. Many have no doubt read with intere.f our young ladies, biographical sketches, the letters coming from the silk raising speeches and readings occupied the time. districts of China during the past winter, Sister M. A. Lunt, our former Stake if and the production of this valuable fiber president made a very interesting and can in that country produce a city of timely speech. We all missed the presence its production ,will no doubt of our beloved Sister A. E. Webster, who millionaires, add much to the wealth of the agriculturists for so many years was the leading spirit of of this country, as soon as it is thoroughly our society, but was not able to be with us and trees planted in numbers at this time on account of her poor health. understood sufficient so that the production need not Brother Webster by request spoke for a be limited for want of food for the worms. short time, referring to the great progress Address all letters to the secretary, Room the society had made in general and the 502 City and County Building, Salt Lake great good accomplished by the sisters. City, Utah, and state the number of perWe have but a few in our midst now sons who can give their time when needed who were numbered among the memthe and number and age of trees from bers of the first organization of the Relief leaves which can be secured. Do not leave Society of this place which occurred in the writing until late in the season. The silk year 1856. worm eggs and books of instruction, as The ten cent fund was promptly attended well as any information, will be furnished to during a few minutes intermission to those desiring the same absolutely free which was taken up in an interchange of of charge by the commission greeting and general hand shaking. Margaret A. Caine, Our society is at the present time in a Secretary Utah Silk Commission. thriving cv.:ditien under the general supervision of President Ann E. Thorley and counselors, Mary Armstrong and Lucy SIXTH WARD CELEBRATION. Jones. Exercises were held in the Sixth Ward Jane P. Mackelprang, Sec. assembly rooms, Monday, March 17, in commemoration of the organization of the NOTES AND NEWS. Relief Society by the Prophet Joseph To no class of women is the subject of Smith, March 17, 1842. President Isabella West presided assisted equal suffrage of such vital importance as to.the working women. To them it be- by her counselors, Ellen B. Watson and On the stand were comes an industrial as well as a political Alice Butterworth. Bishop James C. Watson, Counselor Alexquestion. Jane Addams. ander Burt, Patriarch Jesse West, Elders Mrs. Roosevelt has received through Arnold Giauque, of the Y. M. M. I. A., Albert Re:ser, Brothers James Latham, John Berrett, delegate to the President from Thomas Winter, Henry Pugh; Sisters a gift Congress, Jane Powel, Margaret LathDiaz of Mexico, consisting of three pieces Louisa of exquisitely drawn linen. They are said am, Caroline Fullmer" and Mary A. Rush-toto be the most beautiful specimens that The singing was led byBrother James have ever come to this country, and were Poulton as a Roosevelt Mrs. sent to Sen., organists, Louisa Giauque and" special recoglinen Poulton. the to Jane nition of her encouragement workers in Porto Rico. Opened by singing, "We thank Thee, Pan-Americ- an n, n. 