WOMAN'S CHRISTMAS CAROLS. ! new-bor- The wise men journey from afar, And follow close His guiding star; It stands o'er Bethlehem tonight. Imposing, wondrous, is the sight. hear the angels sing again, "On earth dawns peace, good will to men." He lowly in the manger's laid, No room for Him can else be made. O, An uncrowned king, He humblv lies. Who left a throne above the skies; He comes to earth a tender babe His courtly dress away is laid (n swaddling clothes he sleeps tonight. Rejoice all nations at the sight, The wise men worship, bowing low Their costly gifts they offer so. They know that he is Judea's King. Their perfumes bring an offering. No earthly potentate is He, Nor sovereign great is he to be, Yet lie's the long, long promised King; O earth, now let thy voices ring "To God give glory,'' angels say; Who sent His Sou to earth this day. ! Now o'er the world is Christmas Tide, O, joyful hearts where songs abide. Tell sweetest storv of his love And why He left the courts above. All things below, behold Him there, His bed of straw the cattle share; Ye angels sing, O, sing again, To tell that lie now dwells with men. Let love abound from sea to sea, A foretaste of the heav'n to be; When Christ shall be Almighty King, The all in offering, To God the Highest, O, give ear," Lo Christ is come to us so near. Our theme is Christ, for He is born, O, hail him King this Christmas morn. 's ! Then ring with joy ye Christmas bells; storv sweet your ringing tells O'er all the earth the echo swells, "In Bethlehem the Christ is born." Lydi D. Alder. A MOTHER'S BIRTHDAY. Song written for our honored Mother in Israel, her eighty-fourtbirthday. November Twentieth, 1902. Tune, America. M. I. Horne, on - TIMELY SUGGESTIONS. On fair Judea's verdant plains, The shepherds hear the heavenly strains, The angel chorus sing in air, That tell a babe is born o'er there. "To God give glory," lo tbey sing, n And "bail, O earth, thy King!" The heav'nly worlds on high proclaim his birth, In glory blazing o'er the earth. all--sin- EXPONENT- h Our mother ever dear, Again the fleeting year Brings this glad day; The day which claims thy birth, The day which gave to earth A gem of brighest worth, And purest ray. How true thy life hath been, How sanctified from sin Through suffering sore; How long thy feet have strode Life's ofttimes dreary road, When heavy was the load Thy shoulders bore ! But now, thy trials past, days are thine at last, Good And heaven is near; Its peaceful, perfect rest. E'en now pervades thy breast While thousands call thee blest, Our mother dear We take pleasure in publishing for the benefit of the Relief Society Motheis Classes elsewhere, the plan of work adopted by the Granite Stake, which has been suc- cessfully carried out in the several wards in that Stake, by giving one lecture a month followed by discussion. Editor. Mtto of Relief Society Mothers' Class, "Woman kno v thyself and know thy mission too." Build well. To women, the builders of the temples of Sweet joy anew; While each succeeding year, Brings thee and heaven more near Our Mother ever dear, Beloved and true L. L. Greene Richards. ! "And then in your building, build wisely and well, low ye have builded the future will tell, Then if thou hast builded for ambition or fame. Oh woe to the builder, confusion and shame Shall follow thy building; but honored shall be, The builders who build for time and eternity." What shall we do to have our babies healthy I babe LECTURE while nursing. 6th. A most critical time. Change of life LECTURE 7TH. Diseases of women and children shall we do to prevent ? What LECTURE 8TH. Children's diet What shall it be ? Healthful dress for our growing girls. LECTURE ! and happy: upon LECTURE 9TH Study child culture. "Overcome evil with good." Physical Needs: Food, fresh air and sunshine Cleanliness, exercise, habits. Moral Needs: Encourage virtue and vice will disappear. Baby or Childhood: Confidence, character bui'ding Sacredness of phy sical organs Watch growth and beauties of nature Spiritual needs. Physical Education: Prefix the character of the child which is out of temptation A due reverence for God "The parent who neglects the child's religious training, neglects that which is most important for its success." Physical Needs: Boy, Girlhood and Puberty Outdoor exercises, freedom of dress "Good habits form the character." LECTURE 2ND. The motto of the Greeks. "A sound mind in a sound body" Moral Need Should he taught the laws of personal puiity Study of special phy.ciology; pure thoughts and actions No liberties with the orrosite sex. Mental Needs: Selection of good books be taught early in and companions-Shou- ld life the scientific truth "that every thought and action influences the body. But vice and hatred how they mar the countenance and form of man." Study of E. D. S. Church history. LECTURE 3RD. Study Child's History of Joseph Smith the Prophet Spiritual Needs: Christ the true ideal Prayer One life which embodies all the virtues, should be made the conduct in the life of all. Preparation for Marriage: Study the marriage covenant. Plenty of physical work Rest after leaving the schoolroom Pure thoughts and con versation Study and practice of house work. LECTURE 4TH. Study the life of the mother of Christ and His life. Wife ana prenatal influences Home duties Sacreduess of marriage covenants Preparation for offspring. Studv motherhood maternity or mother-hoo- d Its sacredness and great mission IOTH. Value of moments Many a mother flings away the finest opportunity by not realizing the value of moments. LKCTURE IITH. LECTURE 1ST. LECTURE 5TH. Mrs. Mary A. Livermore reached her 82nd birthday on Dec. 19. Influence life: ! In all the days to be, May each one bear for thee, 5i The Word of Wisdom Purity. ' LECTURE I2TH Woman. Emma S. Woodruff, President. Armeda S. Young, Secretary. PUEBLO, COLORADO. The sisters of the Relief Society of the Pueblo branch, presided over by Sister Lil-ii- e C Coleman, had a feast of good instrucWe had Sisters tions, Nov. 17, 1902. T. and Annie Julia M Brixen from Hyde Salt Lake City, traveling in the interest of the Rtlief Society and the Mutual Impiove-men- t Association, also the president of the East Colorado conference, H. W. Merrill, and president of the branch, W. A Coleman. Sister Hyde addresstd the meeting, which numbered about twenty-five- , upon the duties of the sisters and spoke upon the society, and said the Prophet Joseph Smith organized the Relief Society in the year 1842, and his wile, Emma Smith, was its first president, and that the Relief Society was the oldest society of women in the She gave many good instructions world. and bore a faithful testimony to the truth of the Gospel. She was followed by Sister Brixen who said she felt well in meeting with the sisters of the Pueblo branch and to enjoy the good feeling that existed among them. Spoke upon the growth of the Mutual Association and the studies that were being taken up for the advancement of the young. She bore testimony to the goodness of God in her behalf. Piesident of the oufererjce, H. W. Mer-liaddressed the meeting and encouraged the sisters in the good work. President of the branch, W. A. Coleman, eulogized the sisters for their gooc work. Sister Libbie Johnson was chosen to be first counselor to fill the vacancy caused by the removal of Sister Ariella Dennis; Sister Sarah Burk was chosen second counselor-Siste- r Ame.nda Coleman was chosen treasurer. Meeting was closed by singing "How great the wisdom and the love." Benediction by President W. A. Coleman. Mary Cummings, Sec. l. 