WOMAN'S 74 on the throne, then a woman clothed in immortality and the robes of purity and Remarked that he and Sister dignity. John had lived happily together for forty-onyears. Sister Marilla Daniels congratulated Brother and Sister John. Sister John, our president, on her seventieth birthday. She Lad known Sister John for many years and was thankful for her acquaint-- . ance, valued her as one of the dearest and truest friends. Spoke of Brother Joseph, the prophet, saying he had done much for the progress of women, and it meant all womankind, everywhere in the world. Spoke of the women of the world, how they sacrificed their own comfort for the benefit of others. She remen-berewell the first time she ever saw Brother Joseph, she was so inspired with everything he said or did. She often went to his home and associated with his family. His mind was constantly busy, he would come home to his family and friends at intervals. He was greatly harrassed by persecution. Spoke of the he work great accomplished in so short a time. She blessed the sisters and asked the Lord to bless us all. Sister Joanna Billings felt that Sister John She congra. was one of the chosen ones. tulated President John on having such a noble companion, and that his wives had reared up a good family, who would never bring the blush of shame to their faces. She, too, was acquainted with the Prophet, and looked upon him with admiration. He had the most noble bearing of any man she had ever seen. She had been lead along in this Church, and had never doubted the authorShe believed ity of each of his successors. the Relief Society would be perpetuated and we would find plenty to do on the other Y. of Blessed us all. Sister Percia Bunnell said every time she met with the sisters she felt uplifted. "Do we realize fully, my sisters, the privilege we enjoy in meeting with sisters who have the Spirit of the Lord upon them ?' ' She had been blessed and healed many times under the administration of the sisters. Sister Emily Cluff appreciated the kindness of Sister John during the time of the crusade, and said many good things of her kindness and nobility of character. Sister Johnson spoke of her acquaintance with Sister John and tier appreciation of her advice in her duty of presiding in the First Ward, Provo. Sister Brown, of the Second Ward, said Sister John had always been a wise counselor to the Relief Society sisters. There were so lew living today who were acquainted, personally, with the Prophet. She felt to cherish every word that pertained to him. Hoped that we would all fill our positions in right- eousness. Eliza Taylor, president of the Third Ward, ;aid she had been associated with the Sisters John, Sister Mary and Sister Jane, had worked with them both in the organizations, and she knew them to love them. She had once dreamed of seeing the Prophet Joseph Smith, and he told her that the principle of plural marriage was verily true. She felt that she would know him when she met him. Her trials had made her a better woman. ' 'May we all claim the blessings that have been promised us, is my prayer. Amen." Sister Margaret Watson, Fourth Ward, had known and loved Brother and Sister John since 1863, and she felt to bless them and all assembled. Sister Donnie Mecham, president of the L. M. I. A., prayed the choicest blessings heaven upon President John and his whole family. Sister Cornelia Clayton, of the Primary Association, said she prayed that Sister John would have a renewal of life, and be able to fill this honorable position of "Mother of Mothers' ' in Zion. She had always had a great desire to meet the Prophet Joseph. As children they used to sit around the fire and hear their father and mother talk of the e side. EXPONENT. longed, and that Sister John enjoyed the distinction of being loved by all, not having any enemies. President George Q. Cannon said one thing he longed for was the love of his brothers and sisters, and that had been To love in a measure withheld from him. bestowed of all the one was gifts greatest Prophet Joseph. She knew of no one more Sister Jane John felt that Sister Mary was upon any one. in blessed than President John was. women the born beloved on being greatly by Sister She had known knew She something of the hindrances that Prophet's birthday. had before she was often met with, all the work of and women married, Mary they lived together in union. men on this earth is to help had and women helped They each other. others. Help to lift the burdens of others and Sisters Agnes Farrer and John passed ours will slip away. What would this the the She sacred without Church be organizations for places together. through felt thankful to associate with her and sisters. women ? Said she was going out into the She remembered having her bonnet trimmed world, and it was a great sorrow to her to with black to mourn for the Prophet, and it leave her mountain home. Asked the sisters was the cause of much testimony of Joseph to always remember them while they were to their associates Each one of us can do When she was a child away in the world. eight years old she had seen the holy dress much good. Prayed for Sister John, that of this people, just as she found it later. she might live as long as life was sweet unto The richness of the blessings of the her. "May God bless us all. Amen." Sister Malena Wilkins had known Brother Lord would be ever poured out upon Brother and Sister John for forty-on- e Felt it and Sister John and their children. years. an honor to be at her seventieth birthday. Sister Olive Bean thought of the many The Prophet Joseph had blessed her when opportunities we have to know each other. she was a child. She had shed many tears Realized the trial it was for Sister Gates to when reading of the great trials endured by leave us. In 1868, when the Smoot family the Prophet, he had no peace all his life. came to Provo, Brother and Sister John were Sister Benjamin Cluff addressed President among her first acquaintances in Provo. John and the society, and appreciated the Blessed Brother and Sister John and their She knew the family. privilege of being here. Brother Harvey H. Cluff congratulated Prophet Joseph and had known all of the succeeding prophets. She felt that President Sister John on her seventieth birthday, surJohn and his wives had been greatly blessed rounded by this august assembly of women in rearing their families in the celestial order and the few favored brethren who were of marriage. She had been a Relief Society here. Spoke of his experience as a missionworker for many years, had been greatly ary away from home, and had found much blessed in her labors. She had had many consolation in fasting and prayer in all of his and for advantages twenty years she had one great trials. The sweet testimony of the or more of her children in the mission field. Holy Spirit called down upon us by fasting and The Latter-daSaint women could take prayer was the sweetest that could be exmore true happiness than any others. perienced. the Lord bless this and all to Stake Sister Mary John tried to express her Prayed that belonged to them. appreciation of the true expressions of love She loved Sister Electa Bullock thought that Brother that had been given her today. She was and Sister John were the loveliest couple her neighbors and every body. she had ever met when she first came to very glad for all these blessings, and she was She more. Provo, and she had not changed her opinion too full of emotions to sa of Lord. the all blessed in name of the the in was that yet. present Spoke great power Sister Holbrook spoke of what good, true the Tabernacle meeting the day before. She felt like shouting hallelujah She remem- neighbors Brother and Sister John had been bered the Prophet Joseph Smith, was nine to her when they first came to Provo sixteen Brother Holbrook sent his reShe re- years ago. years old when he was martyred. membered her first sight of the Prophet, gards and regretted that he could not be thought this a most auspicious occasion. present. Sister Mary Boyden who had with the "May Sister John live long to be a blessing to the Relief Society as well as to her assistance of the amiable daughters and sons of the family managed this beautiful gatherfamily. Sister Knudsen spoke of the son (David ing and arranged the program, invited the John, Jun. ) of this worthy couple, who was guests into a sumptuous banquet, to which all did ample justice, and partook of with on a mission at the present time. thankful hearts. Brother Joseph Keeler, Counselor to Emily C. Cluff. President John, spoke of the duties of the Relief Society. "We could do more good as an organized society than we could un"Miss Dorothea Klumpke, the American While-- we are assisting our astronomer who has organized. been connected with We cannot the Paris observatory neighbors we assist ourselves. during the past ten build ourselves up alone, we are dependent or twelve years, has married and moved to Sisupon others as well as upon the Lord. England. Her husband, Dr. Isaac Roberts, ter John is just the same good looking has charge of an observatory at Starfield in matron that she was thirty years and long since won distinction ago." Sussex, Wished her many happy rerurns of the day. his work in celestial photography. One great consolation was that we should through Miss Klumpke was a native of San meet in the other this life y ! ! We should little niche cu out of Eternity. love each other and our fellow men forever. "May God grant us this blessing. Amen." Sister Susa Y. Gates congratulated Sister John. Spoke of President Young saying of this people should be prolife that the world, was only a 