WOMAN'S EXPONENT 22 Sister L. Tueller; Sharon, Sister Smith. Officers of the General Board presented by President Budge and sustained by unanimous vote, also officers of Bear Lake Stake sustained by unanimous vote. Stster E. M. Halt said, "We find everything going along all right in our midst, it takes a united effort of all the sisters to make anything a success. I often think what a responsible position it is to represent our Stake in a proper manner. As President Lindsay was not able, Sister Bagley, Sister A. Hoge and myself visited the different branches of the society in this Stake recently, and they are doing a great deal of good. The work of the Relief Society is to look after the sick, poor and downcast. In our different district conferences we have had the support of the It will be good for us to study brethren. domestic science and always have good I always take bread and butter on hand. in useful little paper, that reading pleasure the Exponent." Sister Hart exhorted the sisters to help a little further with the academy. Prayed God to bless us all. Sister E. B. Wells congiatulated us on having Sister Lindsay for our president, she being one of the veterans who knew Related some the Prophet Joseph Smith. of her early experiences, also bore her testimony. Spoke of when she first saw the Prophet Joseph, told many interesting items concerning what she knew of him. "In regatd to our work in the Relief Society, we should think of others before Referred to the brancheof ourselves." the society in many places all over the world, even in New Zealand there were eight good branches. Urged the sisters lo become intelligent and read and study ur Church works, that will help develop the We have best that is worth knowing and it of us nations various sisters among for hold to us would be well meetings besides our regular testimony and business meetings, where we could introduce shoit talks and become acquainted wi n the habits and customs of other countries have singing and music and shoit lectures by the sisters, and by doing this those that feel so timid in speaking would be in themconfidence and gain strengthened selves and be instructed at the same time, and these meetings should be presided over by the president and opened and closed with prayer. Humility brings down the blessings of heaven, we must keep humble, and if energetic we can do a Exgreat deal of good to each other. was Relief both Society plained that the national and international, having branches in the different countries besides the United States, almost all over the world. Related some pleasing incidents of her travels and of the opportunities to speak upon our Relief Society work Mentioned attending the International Council in London where sixteen different countries were represented. When a young girl she noticed the boys could receive the priesthood when old enough and wondered what there was for women, but since that time many avenues for woman's advancement had opened up and the good work they do among the poor and sick through the Relief Society can not be estimated. Asked the Lord to bless us all with His Holy Spirit. Sister Cannon spoke in the interest of our Exponent and desired the sisters to subscribe for the same and help maintain c it. Bore a strong testimony to the truth of the Gospel and exhorted the sisters to faithfulness. Felt blest in attending meetTold the ings and doing every duty. mothers to bring the children to their meetings when they could not leave them in safety. Spoke upon charity and kindness to one another, felt better when attending to every duty and knew it was good to be obedient. President Budge said the time was far spent but knew we had received valuable instructions from our visitors. "May the Lord bless our sisters in this visit among The presidency of the Stake the people. appreciate very much the way the presi dent and counselors of the Relief Society in this Stake work among the people in the various associations, and the great help May the Lord they are to the Church. bless and help us all in the name of Jesus." President James H. Hart would not an opportunity to speak, had enjoyed the meeting and the spirit of the same, had been pleased with the. things that had been done and said, desired the blessings of the Lord to be poured out upon our visitors. President Lindsay felt amply paid for all she had to pass through in coming to the conference. This organization has been brought about for the benefit 'of our mothers. Would soon visit through the Stake again. Was thankful for the portion of health and strength now, as she had been very sick through the winter. Sisttr Louise Rogers Tueller was then set apart as corresponding secretary, Brother James H Hart being mouth. BeneSinging, "Now let us rejoice." diction by Brother John Bagley. re-iu- L R. Tueller, se Cor. Sec. MT. GLEN, OREGON. Thinking you would be pleased to hear from our little society away out in Oregon, I take pleasure in informing you that though few in number our society is in good condition and I feel although we are far away from headquarters, we will in the near future be the means of doing much All the members are alive to their duties and are trying with their united efforts to make our society second to none in the State of Oregon. Although we are a under laboring great many difficulties still I do know that the Lord is blessing the Saints in this beautiful valley and that He will continue to pour out His blessings on His children wherever they may be so long as they are trying to do His will and keep His commandments. On the 17th of March we had a very Our little church, the delightful time. one has that only yet been dedicated to the Lord in this State, was beautifully and appropriately decorated for the occasion. Two tables the length of the house were loaded with the good things of this life. All the members of our ward and quite a number of our friends, one hundred in all, sat down and enjoyed the good things that the kind sisters had prepared. The afternoon was spent in listening to an excellent program that had been Sistei Eva prepared for the occasion. Perry delivered an address on Relief Society work which was xeplete with the noble work of our sisters from the time of the organization to the present. The evening was spent in dancing until 12 p. m., when good. non-Mormo- n all went home satisfied that the time had been well spent. Hoping the Lord will bless all the sisters who are interested in this noble work, and that we will have the pleasure of seeing some of the sisters in our State in the near future, I remain your sister in the cause of truth. Cornelia Perry, president; Officers: Martha Whiting and Eva Perry, counselors; Luella Johnson, secretary. Luella Johnson, Sec. GAINS OF SUFFRAGE IN UTAH. Report read by Mrs. Hannah Lapish at the National Woman's Suffrage Convention and first International Woman's SuiTraye Conference held in Washington, D. C. Febiuary 12 to 18, 1902. J So numerous are the gains of suffrage that justice could not be done to the subWe ject in the short time allotted to us. will, therefore, without preface, pioceed to mention some of them as we know them and can vouch for their truth. Names and dates could be furnished if time would permit, instead we will subjoin testimonials from leading .citizens who have had opportunity to test the workings of suffrage, and know whereof they speak. It is true the women of Utah have been somewhat more favoiably circumstanced than the women of other states, that while they were yet a territory the franchise was given to them, whiqh opened vyp many avenues heretofore closed to women, such as doctors, lawyers, principals of public schools, Univetsity professors and regents, members of college and school boards, Court stenographers, newspaper reporters, clerks and book keepers, in all kinds of In short, the business houses and offices. was seen woman business bright, brainy to the front her way everywhere elbowing never again to be set back. Later Congress saw fit to take away the franchise, still these avenues remained open, and woman qu;etly but firmly established herself in the business world. A legitimate gain for suffrage, even without the franchise. Later, when Utah was admitted to Statehood, the framers of the constitution made woman suffrage a fundamental law of the new State. Then were political positions thrown open to her, so scoring another gain to the credit of suffrage. These positions are not all financially so profitable to the holders, but they are helpful, responsible and profitable to the commonwealth. They also enable her the better to fill her mission as "helpmeet to Her occupancy of these positions man." saves the mora valuable time of men, and thus his gold (a great desideratum) and having control of her own time, she can give more careful attention to such duties, and so discharge them more efficiently with less cost (another great desideratum.) And indeed many of these positions woman is naturally, from her domestic character and habits, better adapted to fill than man, a fact the party leaders are not slow to recognize, so we find women on committees of all kinds, not only as members, but as chairmen, making judicious suggestions, and findiug solutions to perplexing questions, chairmen of voting precincts, members and chairmen of primaries, delegates to conventions, count j,andstate and national, nominations making seconding nominations, acting as secretaries and sonie- - 