Woman's Exponent The Ballot in the Hands oj the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation Vol. 30 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUARY i, 1902 CONTENTS. National Council President's Letter ............Fannie Humphreys Gaffney L. D. Blake Jennie June Croly Birthday and Surprise. Emily G. Cluff An Evening With Mrs. Croly Seventy-Sevent- h .A Guest Anniversary An Interesting Letter S. L. Phillips Catharine Naisbjtt Party at Hooper In Memoriam R . Reports Utah Woman's Press Ciub L. D. Alder Editorial Official Notice The Seventh of March, 1902 Mrs. F. D. Richards Party Two Social Gatherings Brief Sketch of Sister P. C. Young.. Poetry Hassan's Proverb. .James Buckham Midwinter Selected Now are we the Sons of God N. Love's Song L. Taylor 73 73 73 75 75 75 77 78 79 80 76 76 76 77 77 73 73 75 75 King Hassan, well beloved, was wont to say, When aught went wrong, or any labor failed: "Tomorrow, friends, will be another day !" And in that faith he slept, and so prevail'd. While the world shall Long live this proverb roll Tomorrow fresh shall rise from out the night, And new baptize the indomitable soul, g With courage for its fight. ! never-endin- No one, I say, is conquer' d till he yields, And yield he need not while, like mist from glass, God wipes the stain of life's old battlefields From every morning that he brings to pass. Let this be, New day, new hope, new courage vVhat's yesterday O soul, thy cheerful creed. With all its shars and wrack and grief to thee ? Forget it then here lies the victor's way. James Buckham. ! MIDWINTER. The white hath overspread the brown, Beneath the blue has crept the gray; The frozen air is drifting round In eddies dashed with blinding spray. Upon so wild a winter scene But thou and I have chanced to meet, What words were fit to pass between A traveler rough and one so sweet ? ! Thou knowest not the grief and mirth With which the iron thread is fraught, As one may grasp, but miss the worth line of thought. Of some far-reachi- Thou scannest not our human things, Thine eyelids close upon the world, The snow sifts downward through thy wings, And upward to thy heart is whirled. Beneath its inches cold and white Thy mate lies frozen near the hedge, And nevermore in tuneful flight Shall cross the morning's crimson edge. Recallest how, one dewy dawn, Ere yet the sun had kissed thy throat, The music of thy heart had gone That won her shy, responsive note ? How fond ye whispered, breast to breast, That day within the covert green, Or sought the brook with mosses drest, Your hot and dusty wings to preen. " in the hush of coming night, Then, ' Thou ledst her to the fragrant bed Of apple blossoms, pink and white, With canopy of green o'erhead. JENNIE JUNE CROLY. Now, thou art dying; dead is thine, In some bright clime are all thy kin. Let thy true life pass into mine, And make it what it hath not been. Bequeath to me thy lover's heart, And touch my spirit with thy fate, That I from one may never part, Nor even in death be separate. Selected. NATIONAL COUNCIL PRESIDENT'S LETTER. The Christmas season is with us with all its reminder of hope and promise. "Peace on Earth, Good will to Man." How much is embodied in this saying It has been quoted for eighteen hundred years, yet the world has not yet interpreted it We have a faint perception that it means something beyond accomplishment and too Utopian to be even attempted. We go on repeating it, and we admire it as a sentiment, but are bewildered by the difference between its meaning as our soul interprets it, and the actual condition of life and events about us. We hear the clergy praying that our soldiers may be blessed, and safely return to us successful in their mission. They pray also that the day may come when all war sliall cease; but we are not boldly persuaded by these teachers that War is a sin and to engage in it wicked and against the simplest principles of Christianity. "Thou Shalt Not Kill." "Love Thy Neighbor as Thyself." How far have we progressed in interpreting these commandments since Moses Written on stone wrote them on stone ? for fallen also have they eighteen hundred or been unseen or years on stony hearts, ? unread Let us not in our Christmas cheer forget Let us remember the those outside cheet . unfortunate victims of war everywhere, but most especially the Boer women and children herded in the Concentration Let us not cease camps in South Africa. to denounce war and all its horrible conLet us not only repeat "Peace sequences. on Earth," but let us endeavor by our every act to produce it. May all the blessings of the season be with our members, and may we also be ready to assume the responsibilities which fall to each human being uplifted by blessings, namely, to "pass on the blessings to others. ! HASSAN'S PROVERB. Poor dying songster, full of woes, With stiffening pinions loosely furled, That graspeth with thy thorny toes The wire that runs around the world All summer long how true thy zest To note her flight o'er many a rood, To build with her the secret nest, To mourn with her the stolen brood. No. ! Fannie Humphreys Gaffney. Mrs. Kate Upton Clark, the well known story writer and popular lecturer to clubwomen, has prepared for the D R. and D. A. R. chapters a lecture called "An Obscure Heroine of the Revolution." dealing with the life of her great grandmother, Bridget Munroe Maxwell, and taken from forty or fifty of her great grandfather's letters. The death of Mrs. Jennie June Croly has been deeply felt by the clubs of New York, and no doubt by club women A special service throughout the land. was held on Monday at the Waldorf Astoria. It was under the auspices of Sorosis, of which Mrs. Croly was the first active president, holding office for two years, and later occupying the chair for ten years in succession. The Press Club, of which she had been president for eight years, joined in the celebration. The meeting was he'd in the Astor gallery. Across the middle of the lower side the platform was placed at which the officers of Sorosis sat. The banner of the club hung above the president's seat, and telow it a portrait of Mrs. The seats Croly surrounded with roses. were placed in a curve fronting the platform, and in the great crowd which filled the room were representatives of almost Mrs. every club of women in the city. Denis K. Denison, president of Sorosis, presided, and the exercises opened by the singing of "The Lost Chord," by Mrs. Stutsman, who thus fulfilled a wish of Mrs. 'Croly 's made just before her death. Mrs Charlotte B. Wilbour, who succeeded Mrs. Croly at the end of her first term as president, delivered a thoughtful address on her character and life work. She was followed by Rev. Phoebe Hannaford, of the Press Club, who told of her faithful labors in founding and sustaining the body. Other addresses were by Mrs. Cornelius Zabriski, president of the State Federation of Women's Clubs, Mrs. Hugh Reed Griffen, of London, and Mrs. Cynthia Westover Alden, an officer of the Mrs. May Riley Smith read Press Club. an original poem, "Into the Silence," and Mme. Van Klemmer of the Press Club sang. Lillie Devereux Blake in the vice-preside- Woman 's Journal. nt : BIRTHDAY AND SURPRISE. President Mary John, of the Relief Society of Utah Stake, invited her own family to her home, December 23, iqoi, it being her seventieth birthday , and while assembled she was surprised by a party of half a hundred, who came to honor and show their love and appreciation of her, The officers of the Relief Society, Stake and Provo Wards, the Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary officers, with their friends, went en masse and surprised their beloved president. After hand shaking and congratulations a program was carried out. Singing, "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet." Prayer by President David John. Singing, "O, my Father." Then a little recess for visiting, after which President David John gave a very appropriate address, praising the sisters ior their diligence in performing their duties and labors of love. In bis mind he could not look upon man in any position without woman, his wife, being associated with him. He could not picture anything in heaven, aside from the Father 