WOMAN'S flowers. ' ' Minutes of afternoon session of conference read and accepted. previous President Standring spoke of the 17th of March and our membership fee. Thought we should have a jubilee. Stake Counselor Annie C. Hindley was glad to see so many in conference and to hear the reports of the presidents of the wards. President Joseph H. Clarke said if we wish to progress we must do our duty. Where the Lord has selected a person to do a certain work, He will qualify him for that work and bless him in the It is our duty performance of that duty. to sustain whoever is placed over us. The Savior told the people to offer their prayers in secret and He would reward them openly. Singing, "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning." an EXPONENT- - Providence doeth all things well. be placed upon the records of our Relief Society, one be sent to her devoted and worthy husband and children and one to the Woman's Exponent for publication. E. Crane Watson. over-rulin- g That a copy of this remembrance AGNES GOLDING. Sketch and resolutions of respect to the memory of Sister Agnes Romania Carroll Golding, who departed this life December 27, 1901. Deceased was born April 25, 1881, at Thurber, Wayne County. She moved with her parents to Cainville, January 1, 18S6, and was married to Seman A. Golding in the Manti Temple, May, 190). Sister Mania, as she was lovingly called, was not of a robust constitution, but was very ambito a fault and willing to tious, assist those in need. During the winter previous to her marriage she attended the Snow Academy in Ephraim, making a good record. She was ver) patient during her sickness, which lasted the whole of her married life. She was a teacher in the Sunday School and Relief Society, secretary in the Y. L. M. I. A., ward clerk and Stake aid in the Primary Association, which positions of trust she faithfully filled. She was a bright, energetic worker, humble and unassuming, and with her lovable disposition endeared herself to all. Stake Counselor Harriet Jacobs thought if Paul were here today he would be converted to the idea that it was good for the sisters to speak in meetings. Stake Aid Rosalie Driggs enjoyed the RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. "We are blest in meeting very much. Resolved, That we, the officers and members of having such good sisters at the head of our Relief Society, feel the loss of such a faithful the society. We know they are doing their worker in the cause of the Lord in our ward. best, and we should bring our bodies and Resolved, That we extend our sjTnpathy to the minds in subjection to the will of God, be bereaved husband, father, mother, brothers, sischaritable to our brethren and sisters and ters and relatives, and earnestly pray that the holy Spirit of God may rest down upon them and teach our children the ways of God." comfort them. President Stephen S. Chipman said, "We Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be certainly enjoy the spirit of our calling. sent to the husband and family, one be inserted in We must learn to sacrifice our feelings and our records and one be published in the Woman's allow others to use their judgment as well Exponent. Mary E. Hanks, as us. ' ' ELIZA JOHANNAH HALL. Brother of his Christensen spoke Sister Eliza Johannah Hall was born February travels among the Eamanites. Sister Ellen D.Clarke bore her testimony 3. 1857, at Fort Supply. She was the daughter of Eliza and Eli Tracy, of Huntsville, Utah. She and rejoiced in the truth. Had been read- married Orson Hall in 1877, and came to Uintah ing the old Exponents and found they Stake with her husband and family and has resided at Mountain Dell ever since. were good to read. Referred to the teachShe was president of the Relief Society of ings on sericulture. Mountain Dell at the time of her death, was of Brother Jos. Kirkham read a piece a sincere and earnest worker in the cause of truth, a virtuous and loving wife and a kind and faithful poetry entitled "Two Words." President Standring said we should take mother. She was the mother of eleven children, of whom joy and pleasure raising silk, for by this seven She died at Mountain are now living. means the sisters could clothe their chil- Dell, November 14, 1901. dren. Urged them to try and raise silk. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. They could get the eggs and a book of inWhereas, Our Father in Heaven has called structions for the asking. our midst Sister Eliza Johannah Hall, who from Singing, "Now let us rejoice." Bene- was always faithful in performing her dudes in diction by President Stephen S. Chipman. the Relief Society and merited the love and reEmma Featherstone, Sec. spect of all her associates, we feel to express our love for her. IN MEMORIAM. SARAH E. B. GURR. Sister Sarah Elizabeth Barker Gurr departed this life, February 3, 1902. She was born in England, January 7, 1837, and joined the Church when but seventeen years old, married about the same time and was the mother of nine children. She was a model of industry and cleanliness, and though quiet and unassuming was an ambitious worker in the cause of righteousness. Sister Gurr had been a member of the R. S. of Parowan ward since the organization, filled the office of counselor and treasurer and was a teacher up to the time of her demise, which was very sudden, being caused by a paralytic stroke. Sister Gurr's history is replete with good wcrks; charitable to the needy, a comforter to the depressed, never wearying in well doing, none more faithful in attending meetings; her absence .will be felt and her testimony missed, for she always considered it a glorious privilege to testify of our Father's goodness, and the blessings that would follow the believer. RI.SOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Resolved, That the members of the Parowan Ward Relief Society appreciate the Christ-lik- e example of Sister Gurr, and desire to profit by her worthy example and humbly acknowledge that Resolved That as a sister associate and friend we feel that words cannot fully express the esteem in which we hold her, and while we feel the deepest sorrow at our loss we bow obediently to the will of God. That we ever cherish her memory and strive to follow her example by being faithful Latter-daSaints. That we extend to her husband, family and relatives our s.'ncere sympathy for their sad loss. y Mary Hall. HOW I EMBRACED THE GOSPEL I received the Gospel in Utica, in 1842. I spent the summer in Utica, N. Y., at the house of Mrs. Rebecca Monroe, who was a tailoress by trade. She was highly recommended to me, and wishing to learn the same business, I went there and felt myself well rewarded while there for various reasons, one being that I learned my business, which is very profitable and useful in families of children, especially among the farmers. A good seamstress is good on all ocasions, .(or we had no sewing machines in those days. Another reason was the Gospel called Mormonism was brought there by Elder James Blakesley, but very few people would go to hear him, myself being one of them. . Mrs. Monroe went gladly. Hei brother, who lived in Buffalo, had written to her to go without fail if a Mormon came to Utica to preach. I would not go. I was a devoted member of the Episcopal church. I greatly enjoyed their form of worship. Our prayers were so humble, so childlike, so sincere and unitedly speaking together, I felt to say, verily the Lord does delight to own us and bless us, for he said, "Except ye are one, ye are not mine." And I thought every one loves his own, and since God is our Father, are we not all brothers and sisters ? Mormons can love each other and we will do the same. Mrs. Monroe's love increased for the Mormons, and she was anxious that I should go and hear them. Finally she told The Bible tells us he who judges a me. matter without hearing it is a fool. Yes, 1 could plainly see this, and I said I will go and hear him, but do not expect to see as he does. I went, and to my astonishment was confounded. His doctrine was to be a But I strict believer in the Redeemer. for must take time to think, Jesus said there will be false prophets in the last I thought this being the case, I do days. not want to see a prophet. Why should we ? Is not Jesus our teacher and the New Testament our guide ? On the first of September I found that two of the daughters of Mrs. Monroe were to be baptized and three of her sisters, and I felt myself ready to join the number. Elder Blakesley baptized us on that day. The next Sunday Catherine's babe was sick, she could not go. After meeting Ruth said, "I am going to see the sick child." I said, "May I go?" and Elder Blakesley said, "May I go?" Of course he would like a walk. We were soon there, going only two blocks. After shaking hands and being seated he asked, "If your clock were out of repair, who do you think would be the best repairer ?" We looked at each other, not knowing why he asked the question. "Do you not think the miker of the clock would be the best repairer?" "Oh, certainly," was the reply. He said, "The maker of that little frame is the best repairer." The mother took the hint and said, "Will you administer to the child?" "Well, let us pray," he said. We all knelt down and he offered a fervent prayer. We all said amen in earnest. He arose and laid his hands on her. She took no notice, had not been conscious all day. When he said amen she raised her eyes and reached her hands to her She took her from the cradle on mother. her lap. She then asked for a drink of water. After drinking she asked for something to eat, then getting down on the floor began to play. This was the sister of our Bishop, Hyrum She married a Mr. Lamb and Clawson, lives in Utah. Her mother and I were bapI shall never fortized at the same time. get my feelings when Harriet was healed, wishing I might realize the same when I should be sick. It was two years before I was sick, then I found the same remedy produced the same effect. Now, I thought every pne who read the 