WOMAN'S 32 The with the Primary, mothers and all. this is with Lord surely people. We had an enjoyable time and went on to Hebron, held meeting in the afternoon The Lord has and met a few sisters. said, "Where there are a few met together, in my name, I will be there, and that to bless them." Sister Huntsman had died at a and some of the people ranch, away were taking care of the dead, and others were out on ranches . We had a nice meeting and went on to Sister Mary A. Terry's ranch, where we We then went to were kindly cared for. Clover Valley and met with the Relief There are but few Society and Primary. is here. It truly gratifying to meet people in these little out of the way with people The places. Gospel is planted in their heatts and meets with a ready response when ihey hear it. Next morning we went and reorganized Clara C. Lytle is the new the Primary. president. We traveled on to Panacea and held Here we met a Priuiary in the evening. of children. Sister Morlot Sunday bright ris and I visited an afflicted sister and comforted her, also attended Sabbath School. We had the privilege of talking to the chil We went to meeting, and after the dren. sacrament was administered the Bishop called on Brother Miles and Rosinia Jarvis to speak. At the close of the meeting we met with the Young Ladies and had a joyIn the evening we met with the ful time. Relief Society. We urged the sisters to provide for tbe poor, and let no one suffer All the trouble is we did in their midst. not stay long enough. After meeting, the young ladies treated us to ice cream and Here we were kindly entertained cake. Sarah Lee, president of the Relief Sister by who gave us fifty pounds of oats Society, for our horses. We vent on to Bristol Wells where we camped for the night, then went to Brother John Lee's ranch, where we were warmly welcomed. They have a fine ranch with The large springs and excellent crops. White River valley has many fine ranches in it. We went to Lund and met Brother Thomas Judd and wife, former residents of We met many other friends, St. George. and next day held a meeting with the Primiry, had a good congregation of both The sisters gave parents and children. good instructions. Here the We then went on to Preston. one or two out en masse, and people turned to from Lund came loaded vehicles join our a is good people. truly meeting. There Many moved here from Moroni, Sanpete Co., mos'ly young men, to make homes. We had a nice time, in the evening had a meeting of the Relief Society, but I think We had an almost everybody was there. excellent meeting, and afterwards were entertained by Bishop Arnoldson and wife. They asked us to visit with them on Satur-turda- y evening on our return. R. .K - On our way to Georgetown we passed through the Ely mining town, there is quite a population there seemingly, lots of The water belonging business going on. The to George Town passes by there. an made have miners want the water, they of The people think offer for it. selling out to them and get further away from a mining camp. In the afternoon we met with the Primary, in the evening with the Relief Society and Young Ladies and talked on the duties of the different associations. Bishop Morley said he would walk twenty miles to attend such a meeting, and proposed to give us a vote of thanks which The people here are was unanimous. on account of expecting to sell broken up their water. They are so near a mining camp that it will be a blessing to get away from it. They wished us to spend more time with them. The next day we returned to Preston and held meeting there. Brother Miles spoke upon his knowledge of the Prophet Joseph Smith and the persecutions of the Saints. Brother Samuel Miles, seventy-siyears old, could remember many things about the Prophet. Sisters Jarvis, Morris and Woodbury bore testimony. We went on to Lund next day and attended the Sabbath School. Brother Miles In and the sisters talked to the children. been had the afternoon after the sacrament administered the meeting was turned over to the sisters and Brother Miles, who spoke to an appreciative audience. In the evening we met with the Relief Society. Sister Mary J. Judd resigned as president of the Relief Society on account of moving away. The resignation was accepted, and a vote of thanks was given her for her past services. Emily A Burgess was voted in as president, Ann E. Walker and Mary L. We had an enOxborough, counselors. time. joyable The next day we left Lund arrived at the Reardon ranch. They made us very welcome and invited us to dinner. They had lived here 35 years. Last year they sold $300.00 worth of stock. Here are lovely springs and is a nice location for a number of families. Wishing them well we we went on to Brother John Lee's, where we spent the night and were made very welcome by his entire family. In the morning we left Brother Lee's and went a couple of miles and called on Mrs Lewis, who has a big ranch of a hundred acres, fenced, and with immense We went on to Brissprings to water it. and tol Wells camped. Next day we went on to Pages, where an old lady was alone. She pumped the water for our horses. Her husband was away on a ranch they had fourteen miles away, and she had no nigh-bor- s that we could se. "We went on to. Eagle Valley, where we held meeting in the evening, Sister Sarah Hammond presiding. There are very few Latter-da- y Saints in this valley. It is a to on we went Modena flourishing valley, x and met friends. Brother Brigham Lund, gave us a sack of oats for our horses. We started for Enterprise and found ourselves at Hebron where we spent the night with Bishop Holt's interesting family. We went to Enterprise next day and held meeting at ten a. m., bad a good meeting. The people are living in hope that a big reservoir that is being built will benefit them. We then went on to Mouseley's and spent the night. On the 30th we arrived home, having traveled five huudrpd miles, been gone nineteen days and held nineteen meetings. We feel that the Lord has blessed and preserved us, and give him the piaise for the joy and satisfaction we have had in visiting the Saints. Ann C Woodbury. "Some student discovers that there is no word in the Chinese language that conveys the intimation of what we term public spirit, nor is there a synonym for patriotism. Nor is there any word or phrase implying woman suffrage." At a meeting of the trustees of the University of Chicago, held about the middle of last month, the proposed scheme for the segregation of the sexes during the first two years of University work, was discussed for over two hours. It was decided to postpone final action for two months. A majority of the trustees are said to be opposed to segregation and in favor of coeducation as it now exists in the UniverThis is the second time the trustees sity. have deferred action on the matter. Dr. Margaret 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. " much as possible for your money. Roberts Ob- stetrics and Nursing on Monday, Oct. 13,1902. For further information write to Dr. Roberts. 55 North State St. Telephone 449. Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. we The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you 6uch an account? If .not, open one NOW. We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. We aim to give you as TR Y US C, Will commence her next class in THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, WE- EXPONENT. Nos. -5 Main Street, 