WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 102 One grown person, first ten days at $1.50 per day, $15. 00; two boys or girls, first ten days, 25cts per day, $5.00; two grown persons, second ten days, $1.50 per day, $30.00; five boys or girls, second ten days, 25cts. per day, $12.50; three grown persons, third ten days, $1.50 per day. $45 00; sixteen boys or girls, third ten days, 25cts. per day, $40.00; total $147.00. We also give the following extracts from a letter .written by a lady who has had considerable experience in raising silk in While the values are very Springville. will it low, give some idea of the loss we are annually sustaining: "Presuming upon the number of forty thousand families in Utah, and that each family raises only twenty pounds of cocoons, the bounty alone on this would be $5.00 to each family, which means $200,000 to the State alone; but let us carry these figures further: Twenty pounds of cocoons would produce four pounds of reeled silk, which at $4 00 a pound is $21.00 to each family and $840,000 to the State. But if each family should produce forty pounds, which can be done in every house that has a boy ten years old to gather the leaves, this would give the sum of $1,680,000 I trust this statement will appeal yearly. so strongly to all that they will not allow this golden opportunity to pass unheeded and thus prevent employment to hundreds of our sons and daughters. We have is we to enwant what quality, quantity ' ' to establish mills. courage capital Since the Commission began their work many thousand trees have been added to those planted years ago, and while we feel greatly encouraged with the work which has been accomplished we are very anxious to extend the work as fast as possible, and every woman who raises a few pounds of cocoons in her house will some day see that she has done much towards this great enterprise which will eventually prove one of the foundation stones upon which the prosperity of our State shall stand. Margaret A. Caine. LETTER FROM BROOKLYN The Society in Brooklyn was organized with eleven members by Elder J. H. Garrett, president of the Brooklyn conference, with Sister Estella Milligan as president, Sister Sarah McKenna and Sister C. D. Laine counselors, and Sister Belle Shaffer secretary and treasurer, on March 6," 1900. Work was carried on by the officers until Sister Milligan moved from the Conference. The society was reorganized on July 27, 1900, with Sister Agnes Rose Lane, president, Sister C. D. Laine aud Sister Lillian Stillman, counselor and Sister Belle Shaffer Since that time secretary and treasurer. the only change in the organization is the second counselor, Sister Mary Birchnall, to fill the vacancy caused by Sister Still-mamoving to Utah. The society is now composed of twenty-fou- r members and our object is the same as that of other branches of the society We aim to do relief work elsewhere. among those who may need it, but make it a special aim to visit the sick and needy and also to visit all the Saints and friends in the conference to help the Elders who are here as missionaries teach the Gospel. We hold regular meetings of the society on the fourth Sunday of every month at the home of Sister C. D. Laine, at 202 West These are our 23rd St., New York City. n spiritual meetings and we invite all the people of the Conference to attend them Elders, Saints and friends. The time at these meetings is taken up by some of the sisters reading from the Bible and reading an original composition . on some principle of the Gospel, the subject of the paper is then open for discussion, and then the rest of the time is taken up in testimony bearing. We feel that a great amount of good is done at these meetings by giving us all a better knowledge of the Gospel truth. Once every month the members of the society meet in a business meeting, and also once every month we meet at the different homes of the sisters for a sewing circle. At these we do sewing for those of our Conference who need help in this way, especially those with large families. We have given a number of social gatherings to which we invited our friends and made them acquainted with the members of the society and also with the Elders and thereby we think good seed has been sown that has aided in the missionary work in our Conference. We have in Greater New York a number of the Saints from Zion, and we appreciate their aid in our society work. We have just had the pleasure of having some of the leaders in Relief Society work with us: Sister Emmelint B. Wells, General Secretary of the Relief Society; Sister Annie T. Hyde, First Counselor to the General President, B. W. Smith; Sister Ida S. Dusenberry, Second Counselor; Sister Phebe Y. Beattie a member of the General Board. On Tuesday evening, March 4, the Elders, Saints and friends of the Brooklyn Conference met at the home of Sister C. D. Laine and Mrs. Helen Davis, 202 West 23rd St , New York City, to hold their regular Tuesday night meeting. As these sisters who have been mentioned, also Sister Christine S. Taylor, Sister Maria Y. Dougall and others were there, the meeting was given over into the hands of the Relief Society, Sister C. D. Laine, acting president of the society, presiding in the absence of Sister Agnes Rose Lane. The meeting began by singing, prayer and the reading of a chapter from the Bible, after which a few very interesting and encouraging remarks concerning the work of women, especially those engaged in the Relief Society work, were given by President John G. McQurrie, president of the Eastern States Mission, and also by President George A. Goff, President of the Brooklyn Conference. The following named sisters then spoke in the order given, each bearing a strong testimony to the truthfulness of the Gospel and of the great work of the Relief Society all through the Church: Sisters Emmeline B. Wells, Annie T. Hyde, Ida S. Dusen-b2rrMaria Y. Dougall and Christina S. Taylor. Each said she knew Joseph Smith was a prophet of God, and that the work he established was of God. Sister Wells bore an exceptionally strong testimony that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God, telling us of the first time she met him and of her feelings upon that occasion; her whole being was so filled with joy that a thrill went through her like a shock of electricity when she first shook hands with him. That testimony has ever remained with Her, Many good, encouraging remarks y, were given for all present and we certainly had a spiritual feast. On Thursday evening, March 6, the Brooklyn Conference Relief Society and Elders gave an entertainment in the parlors at 250 West 23rd St., New York City, in honor of our visiting sisters. The entertainment consisted of a short but very good program, refreshments and dancing. Speeches were made by President McQuar-rie- , Sister Hyde and Sister Susa Y. Gates. We had the pleasure of listening to the beautiful singing of Miss Emma Lucy Gates and Miss Ruth Wilson, the latter is here studying. Both were at their best and all enjoyed their singing greatly. There were over one hundred present and all seemed well pleased. . Monday, March 17, we celebrated the sixtieth anniversary of the organization of the Relief Society by holding a meeting in the A. B. C. Building, 67 West 125th St., There were present the New York City. sisters from Zion, all the Elders of the Brooklyn Conference, President McQuarrie and counselors, of the Eastern States Mission, membeis of our society and a number of Saints and friends, about sixty people present, Sister C. D. Lane presiding. "Singing, Jesus once of humble birth." Prayer was offered by Brother Willard Young. Singing, "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah." Sister Beatie gave a fine talk on the life of the Prophet Joseph Smith, how, when and why he organized the Relief Society. Spoke very feelingly of the life and works of Sister Emma Smith, the first president of the society, also of Sister Eliza R. Snow Sister Zina D. H. Young and Sister B. W. Smith, the present president of the society, gave some good instructions to the Sister Dougall also bore a society here. strong testimony to the truthfulness of the Gospel and the divine mission of Joseph Smith as a prophet of God. Sister Susa Y. Gates spoke very feelingly c,f the sacrifices and hardships that the pioneers of Utah had to undergo. Showed hew so many had suffered for the Gospel's sake, and how they had been blessed for so doing. Urged all to be willing to do the same and to not think they are the only ones who had done so. Sister Taylor, of Provo, Utah spoke a short time after which the meeting was turned into a regular testimony meeting for all present, especially the sisters. Nearly every woman present bore her testimony, a number of whom were not members of the Church. By request President McQuarrie spoke a short time and a number of the Elders bore their testimonies. All felt that the Spirit of God was with us and we indeed had a spiritual feast. Sister C. D. Laine expressed the sentiments of all when she said that we felt more than blest by having the great privilege of having the sisters from Zion with us and that we wished them God speed on their homeward journey. We were asked to remember in our prayers Sister Lucy Becroft, our lady missionary from Utah, who had the misfortune some months ago of spraining her knee. Closing hymn, "O, my Father." Benediction by President George A. Goff. Your sister in the Gospel, ' Belle Shaffer, Sec Since the writing of the above a class for Gospel instruction has been formed under 