1 Woman s xDonent The Ballot in the Hands oj the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Stale and the Nation Vol. 30 SALT LAKE) CITY, UTAH, CONTENTS. and Gleanings Thoughts on Woman's Work ...Ida Haag Letter From Parowan E. Crane Watson R. S. Reports The Imperial Palace in Berlin. . .L. D Alder A Pleasant Afternoon Party .A. I. E. Ladies' Meeting... A. Wardrop Emma Featherstone Alpine Stake In Memoriam How I Embraced the Gospel M. E. K. - Semi-Month- ly Editorial Happenings Here and There Report of the National Woman's Relief Society Ellis R. Shipp Poetry Snowflakes The Wood Buttercup Selected 81 81 82 83 86 86 86 87 87 84 85 81 83 SNOWFLAKES. Oh the feathery flakes are coming down, Over the mountain, valley and tonn; O'er the lowly cot and the palace proud, Enwraping nature in ermine shroud. In the semblance of death the earth now sleeps, While the sky these frozen teardrops weeps. But we used to say, in the olden day, That "Grandmother Goose" had come that way, And was emptying out her feather beds To cover the drooping lily heads, To keep our buttercups from getting cold, From tie blighting frosts of the storm king bold. When out in the yard, with upturned face, Watching them flutter in waving grace, Letting them fall on our cheeks, in our eyes, Enjoying the half expected surprise, Till a tender voice, with note of alarm, Would bid us within, to the fire warm. ! MARCH 1902 the advancement of our sex, that are really drifting along with the great sea of humanity, seemingly blind in the great rush and confusion around them to the great good that they actually might accomplish. The question sometimes arises in my mind. "Are we not often scattering our energies in too many different channels, not concentrating them enough on one or two worthy 'objects ?" Just so are we not often found reading much more than we really think, thereby feeding our own minds continually on other ." people's thought, hence losing our own originality and, I might add, diseasing the mind ? It is said that the keynote of the present age is discontent. Allowing this to be true, (and I believe it to be true) it is all right as long as it carries us along in the right direction, thus making it wholesome. I believe the Consumer's League, so ardently espoused by our honored guest of last month, opens up the field for a noble work; but, again, have we net here in our midst that which leads to the "sweat box" evil ? Not long since a man about sixty years of age was allowed to take in holy wedlock for a wife a young girl with no very great mental power. Pray tell me what would that lead to? . Many tired mothers say, "I never read, I cannot, I never have time. I have all I can do to bring my children up properly." Do they ever think that in order to do their duty they should seek, bodily rest, with a little mental labor, a medicine that Then, pressing our faces against the pane will bring, with the rest, smiles and sunGazing above to that vast domain, for the home ? We know tiiat the shine Where myriad specks could be seen on high, of home a have elements great deal to do Most wonderful then to a childish eye, with the future lives of the children. So silently, slowly falling below We longed of this marvel more to know. Woman, especially the mother, is the cenattraction. ter Again it is said since the So marvelous Indeed it seemed to be A deep, unfathomed mystery. dawn of history the center and source of Those fairy tales could not wholly deceive, All civilization life has been the home. Our simple faith, made us rather believe all had its origin has and reform, progress That the God of Heaven, who lived above, in the home. Had sent these messages with His love. Mrs. Jones menNow let us go back. Ellis R. Shipp. tioned one very great evil, and that was the scattering of disease germs from these GLEANINGS AND THOUGHTS ON sweat boxes in the large cities. : This to WOMAN'S WORK. me seemed very reasonable and is indeed a line the some that claimed is very great reason why wye should lend It by our assistance in this direction. But again drawn between man and woman was deI ask, have we not dangers here at the clared by Father Adam. I can see nothFrom assertion but an present moment equally as great ? upon, ing to base such or if I like, and I is observation, nevertheless the line there, you gleaning, firmly of some we method had if is have believe that woman, not man, thought mostly to blame for this; furthermore I believe that finding out places where there were conit will take all the united energies of inteltagious diseases in the houses, there would ligent womanhood, with a great amount of be far less sickness and death. There is much more that I might menvim and patience, to undo this great evil. Hence so many papers and discussions on tion casually leading to this great evil, but . I fear I may become. wearisome. the "Woman Question." May we so unite our energies and I came to the conclusion that a few ideas that the glory of our work may and gleanings from one in the more comto all womankind wherever shine forth be not of life mon walks entirely might alin whatever station of life; are and is there writer One they says uninteresting. and enthusiasm may enter warmth that on the been has ways more to be said than for hearts their is good, and that we may It other side of almost'any question. advancement until mutual mila in continue said also that "Individuals think, but be lives our only like a pleasant may lions drift." I sometimes think that there as dream. are many of us, while we may feel 'There is one thing more in particular for our in all were we power doing though No. . self-contr- ol i that I would like to make mention of, and that is the canker that, is eating gradually all the out of the; marriage The many desolate homes and the many newspaper reports of divorce" cases To me the remedy seems to verify this. ' be the higher education of woman, ss vows. It is a happy faculty Of woman far and wide, To turn a cot or palace ' " - "'"' Into something else beside; Where brothers, sons and husbands .With willing footsteps come, . .. A place of rest where love abounds, A perfect kingdom home. : : ; Words cannot express the earnestness I feel on this subject,- but we look ahead for a glorious future; this is our 'hope and compensation for the past. - . ' A glory shines across the coming years, ' The glory of a race grown greet and free, 'Twas seen by poets, sages, saints and seers, Whose vision glimpsed the dawn that was ' ' to be. A shining shore is by the Future Sea, Whereon each man shall stand among his " peers As equal and to none shall bend the knee, ' Awake, my soul, shake off .your doubts and .. fears. Behold the hosts of darkness fade and flee, Before the magic of the morning's face ' ' And hear the sweet and wondrous melody, That floats to us from far-o- ff golden days. ... It is the choral song of liberty, :f.. It is the anthem of the coming race.". .," ' : ; . ' " - . , .1 : . Ida IIaag. LETTER FROM PAROWAN. . - Parowan, March 5, 1902. ' ! 1 ' !'rr Editor Woman' s Exponent: It is some time since we noticed our society represented in your paper, however we have continued to "drift with the tide." Since the new year death has made inroads into our ranks by taking four of our. Relief Sister Elizabeth Gurr was Society band. the first, a noble spirit and earnest worker? then Sister Mary J. Clark, who, although an invalid, kept herself informed on Relief Society work and was ever foremost with her donations; then followed Sisters Sarah Dalton and Sarah Mitchell Curtis, all of whom were, fitting "subjects for transition to a purer and holier sphere.' ' Yesterday, March 6, was our regular monthly fast meeting,, and though , the number was few, on account of much sickness, an inspiring influence was enjoyed. Sisters Annie Bayliss and Ei Crane Wat-- ! son, of the Stake board,' were present and urged the sisters to awaken to the full duty of Relief Society requirements, arid to take the Exponent,' that they might become better informed and more completely en: thused with the wonderful' organization A committee was appointed for1 March formu1 7th celebration, and a plan was lated to spend a few hours socially 'with Sister Mary Ann Rasmussen, who is preparing to leave for the Big Horn Basin. The subscribers of the Exponent, appreciate its contents and are eager for its beautiful teaching. . . ; . Crank, Watson, 