WOMAN'S 92 EXPONENT. One might be justified in speaking of it as a great business center, and yet it is even more. It has a social, a moral and intellectual side as well as industrial and economic; and further it has higher edu- Woman's Exponent EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. In fact cational and artistic advantages. it combines almost everything necessary to life and the pursuit of happiness. Perhaps a list of what is taught there may give the reader some idea of the magnitude of the work undertaken and which has proved so beneficial in improving conditions that looking at previously seemed appalling. For "Classes advanced" the spring term begins April 1, and continues ten weeks, Salt Lake City, Utaha and the fee for each course is fifty cents. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake Cxty, I tah, Secondary classes are free but all students s matter. Each day in the are required to register. a to devoted is week given subject the subjects are: Rhetoric, Reading, Grammar, Salt Lake City. Utah, April, 1902. Poetry, General History, United States History, Parliamentary Law, etc. COMPLIMENT TO GOVERNOR WELLS Art and Technical Classes, fifty cents for Washington, D. C, March 4, 1902. a term of ten lessons. This includes: Carpentry, Sloyd, Wood Carving and PotMrs. Emmcline B. Wells: tery, Mechanical Drawing and DesignMv Dear Mrs. Wells: I was so unforing, Basket Weaving, Metal Work, Clay tunate as not to see you to bid you good Moulding, Architectural Sculpture, DrawDesigning, Sketching, bye before you left and your little package ing, Painting, of papers which I meant to return is still Dressmaking, Millinery, Embroidery, Study here. I will enclose it in this, and I want of Textile Industries, Sewing and Cooking, to say that the letter of your nephew is the In the cookery Miss Addams herself inmost concise body of arguments in favor of structs both women and children on differWoman Suffrage and against its opponents ent days: for instance women on Tuesday that I have ever read. In fact, it leaves and children on Wednesday. Gymnastic classes for men and boys, also nothing to be said, excepting "Why don't I shall long remember women and girls. Mr. Pearson of the Y. you do it then ?" M. C. A. Training School for Physical my pleasant days with Utah in Washington, and hope for a repetition of them on Education has charge of the men and boy's the home soil. Gymnasium this year, and Saturday With love to any friends whom you may evenings have been given over to game and basket ball practice. The woman's see, I remain, class has also begun its basket ball Affectionately yours, Clara Barton. practice. There are dancing classes for adults and children, arranged for beginners and those HULL HOUSE, CHICAGO. advanced and a nominal price or fee, with Probably most of the readers of the excellent teachers in all departments. Woman's Exponent have heard of Hull Music and singing are made a specialty, House in Chicago, and if so will be interthey have public recitals in the Hull House ested to know more of this economic, Auditorium. Audiences are enthusiastic enterprise for industrial women, on these occasions. Recently the Hull which in so short a time has become celeHouse music classes gave a program of folk brated the world over. song and dances in national costume that Hull House is known as the result of was very successful financially and otherthe magnanimity of one woman, so to wise. Remember these are the children of speak. Miss Jane Addams, who was the the working people, and in many instances founder and has been the active promoter the very poor. of the interests for which Hull House has Hull House Clubs are a social feature as become famous. well as educational and are all systematicalThe object of Hull House is (as stated in ly arranged and under careful its charter) "to provide a center for a high- There is the Jane Club, whichmanagement. is incorporer civic and social life; to institute and ated and maintains a club house for young maintain educational and philanthropic women upon the cooporative plan, the enterprises, and to instigate and improve weddings of the inmates of Hull House the conditions in the industrial districts of take place in the Jane Club House. There is the Woman's Club. This dub Chicago." Ladies who have been residents of Hull sometimes gives neighborhood parties House sometimes give public lectures on under the Social Extension Comthe institution at great conventions and mittee. There is the Hull House Shakesassemblies, telling of the good it has acpeare Club, Hull House Men's Club, Hull complished; but though one has heard a House Dramatic Association. Evening half dozen of lectures on the subject one Clubs are the Drexel, Henry Clay, Howe, cannot realize the great work done by Washington Medill Alumnie AriaIrving, listening to the theory, as one can in actualdne, Progressive Literary and Social Club ly going through the house and taking it Sewing Club, Gospel Club, Goodrich as an object lesson, and even then one Alumnie and more than a dozen others, so scarcely comprehends the value and imthat one can see much of the instruction is portance of the work and what it must given in this interesting way. mean to those who have been participants Hull House has what is known as a in its benefits, until one has fully digested Labor Museum. For five afternoons and what one has seen. evenings each week these rooms are used in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonparie c ace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal regular advertisers. South Temple Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, semi-monthl- y, dis-ou- nt econd-clas- for classes, but 011 Saturday evening the entire floor is devoted to the Labor Museum and the public is cordially invited. It is designed to show the development in methods of production from the earliest times, and as nearly as possible to illustrate Actual the differences of various nations. wood in work is going on work, metal work, pottery, cooking, spinning, weavingf basket work, printing, book binding and The trades are further clay nr deling. illustrated by collections, charts and pictures, which are open for study and inIn spinning five national cusspection. toms are regularly shown, Syrian, Greek, Italian, Russian and Irish. We must not forget that an excellent Kindergarten is included in the Hull House work; babies and little tots are taken care of through the day for the mothers, who go out to work, for five cents per day. In short, Hull House includes every department of household work, trades and industries in all the several branches, and its social life is somethiug almost in the outcome. There is a comfortable restaurant for working men and women with good plain wholesome fare at a reasonable price. A library and reading halls and lectures by celelecture room, brated men and women, always free on Sunday nights. At some future time we hope to tell you something more about Hull House and what it has done for the community round about, and the splendid example it has given others to do likewise. mai-velo- ANNIVERSARIES, BENNINGTON, 1842-190- us 2. IDAHO. . phil-anthrop- ic The sixtieth anniversary of the organization of the Relief Society was duly celeMeetbrated by the people of our ward. commenced ten An address at a.m. ing of welcome was given by President Margaret Van Orman, after which a. program consisting of speeches, songs and instrumental music was rendered. An excellent sketch on the life of Aunt Zina Young was given by Sister Rebecca Lindsay. Original recitations were given by Mr. James McCouan, one on St. Patrick's Day causing much merriment. At two o'clock one hundred and seventy people were seated at the tables which were loaded with a delicious dinner, and served royally. While enjoying the dainty repast sweet music was furnished by a number of young ladies. At 3:30 p. m. the program was continued, consisting of singing, instrumental music and step dancing, in which some of the older people excel. A letter from our worthy Bishop, A. R. Wright, who is now laboring among the Lamanites, was read by Silas Wright, and was much appreciated by all. Badges were given to all over fifty-fiv- e years of age, and the day's enjoyment concluded with a grand ball in the evening in which all the older people participated. On the 1 8 th dinner was served at the school chilmeeting house to ninty-thre- e dren, after which they were allowed to "trip the light fantastic." The young people danced to their heart's content that evening. Much praise is due the committee for their zealous work in making such a gala day. It will long be remembered by all . 