WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 76 THE SEVENTEENTH OF MARCH, J902. Woman's Exponent Most of our readers are doubtless aware that the 17th of March next will be the sixtieth anniversary of the organization of the Relief Society, in Nauvoo, 111., by the EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpane space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, semi-monthl- y, d's-tou- nt Entered at the Post second-clas- s matter. Office Salt Lake City, Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah, a Salt Lake City, Utah, February 1902. OFFICIAL NOTICE. Beloved Sisters: In consideration of the seventeenth of March next, 1902, being the sixtieth anniversary of the first organization of he Relief Society by the Prophet Joseph Smith, in Nauvoo, Illinois, March 17, 1842, the General Officers of the society have thought it advisable to make the day a special occasion of thanksgiving- and rejoicing. We therefore have decided to make an official call on all presidents of organizations in the society here and elsewhere throughout the world to take the initiative in this undertaking, calling to their aid such help or committees as may be deemed necessary in preparing for a gathering to celebrate the day. An interesting program suitable to such gatherings might be arranged, bringing in the best talent available in the respective society. Any veterans m Relief Society work should be remembered on such occasions as these; brief historical sketches of some of the great leaders in the movement, past and present, might be an appropriate part of the program if thought proper, and the teachings and instructions of the Prophet Joseph to the Relief Society are always suggestive and profitable to read on memorable occasions. We also think it advisable that the young women be invited to take part and assist in making the affair a success all around. An invitation should be extended to presiding officers and Bishops and reth-reold and young, to participate in the entertainment. The ten cent membership fee should also be made a feature of the gathering, as it is expected every one will subscribe this small amount to the General Treasury. - n, Bathsheba W. Smith, General President Annie T. Hyde. Ida Smoot Dusenberry, Counselors, Emmeline Clarissa General Secretary. S. Williams, General Treasurer. B. Wells, Mrs. Roosevelt has ordered a new supply of table linen for the White House, including tray cloths, napkins, doilies and other smaller articles, and has had them embroidered by the women of Porte Rico The work is beautifully done, and in future Mrs. Roosevelt will order all her household linen from the same source. Prophet Joseph Smith, and each society will assuredly feel the importance of celebrating the event in some characteristic way, that all interesled in this philanthropic organization may participate therein, making it a day of social enjoyment with mutual benefit. The sisters will remember with pleasure the success of what was termed the Relief Society Jubilee ten years ago, in 189, after fifty years, and the satisfaction that was felt and realized in having the day made memorable all around the world, recalling the solemn prayers offered at high noon on that auspicious occasion and how gladly some joined with us, who have now gone home to that better land. We can never meet together in such gatherings without turning backward, momentarily at least, and calling un the faces of those we were accustomed to see, and, as it were, hearing their voices encouraging and urging us onward in the path of duty. We have no need to mention names, indeed there are too many to enumerate, but we should try to emulate the noble example of those whose names we feel suie are enrolled upon the banner of honor among the faithful and true in letters imperishable. Each society might make the seventeenth of March a day never to be forgotten because of the solid enjoyment and goodwill of those who are laboring incessantly for the welfare of humanity. In every ward a delightful and instructive program of exercises might be prepared, bringing out the best talent available, and with sufficient variety to relieve the sameness that makes these affairs sometimes rather tiresome Music and tableaux as well as reading papers and reciting. Invite all who will to participate in the joj ful occasion of celebrating a day fraught with so much that is uplifting and beneficial to the women of the Church, and through them to the world. Perhaps we sisters, though we appreciate the Relief Society, hardly realize what, a blessing it has been to us and to our people, morally, intellectually and spiritually, besides the gentle charity it has inspired and taught, as well as the giving to the poor and lending to the Lord. What sublime lessons of patience, endurance and fortitude have been learned through the practical exercise of the care of the uufortunate, ministering to the distressed in body and mind, studying the ways and means to alleviate suffering and sorrow. It would be difficult to tell even the temporal work done by these organizations, and yet these things are so common among our people that they are passed over lightly and are scarcely noticed. Away in wards remote from the great centres of trade and traffic these brave women, members of the Relief Society, by dint of economy and energy are saving grain by the hundreds of bushels, honsinc-r it watching it from insects and other species of destruction, are building halls and furnishing them for their meetings and other purposes, and in numberless ways adding to the material wealth and upbuild - 1 - ing of the community, setting examples of industry and thrift that tend to make the world better for all mankind. The celebration of the day mentioned need not necessarily incur great expense, but with many hands joined in mutual helpfulness the affair may be so well wrought out that greater happiness may be felt than is many times the result of large sums of money expended in eating and drinking, feasting and dancing. The day has been set apart, too, for the payment of memberships, and it is the duty of the president of each society to see that this is done. Ten cents for each member is the amount expected for the current expenses of the General Society, and if it were paid there would be sufficient means in the treasury for all needful purposes, and no special calls would be necessary when exigencies arise that require immediate action and for which funds must be obtained. The work of the Relief Society is truly a labor of love, and it has veritably been a spiritual uplifting from the beginning, as many thousands will and do testify. The very spirit of the undertaking is educational in its best and broadest sense and reaches into the heart of things, as all philanthropic work necessarily does, for it touches humanity in the most tender way, lifting up the bowed down, comforting the sorrowing, succoring the needy and relievirg the burden of the oppressed. It is fitting to celebrate the' day when such institutions were organized and the fact of doing so will spread the work of the society and emphasize its helpfulness. By all means try to bring out the young women and persuade them to take part in the exercises of the day, for it is essential they should be initiated in the work of which the Apostle spoke when he said, ''Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is to visit the widow and the fatherless and keep yourself unspotted from the world." What is more blessed than to be able to impart comfort and consolation in the hour of affliction and distress, to give one's self, as it were, to blessing others In this society those who perform these kindly ministrations are really messengers of good and must live near to the Lord, humble and prayerful and diligent, and yet full of the courage of their convictions, which is always in itself an uplifting influence. Our sisters who preside in the several localities in the respective wards will of course understand they are free to make such arrangements in celebrating as are suited to the conditions and circumstances of the ward and its surroundings. Should sickness prevent meetings and gatherings in any of the wards or settlements, then the affair must necessarily be postponed until the health is restored, or there is no danger of serious consequences. - MRS F. D. RICHARDS' BIRTHDAY. Friday, January 31st, was the birthday anniversary of Mrs. Franklin D. Richards, of Ogden, wife of the late Apostle Richards, and for twenty-fiv- e years president of the Relief Society of the Weber Stake of Zion. having been appointed to the position by President Brigham Youne. lulv iq. 1877. a short time previous to his death. During all these years she has labored zealously and faithfully in this good cause, and never seemed weary in ministering Iq 