WOMAN'S S6 Aud we of the society, ing forevermore. who loved her so tenderly, her will ever hold her memory precious and strive co emulate her noble example of patience, humility, and the "charity that never faileth." In her successor who has been elected to fill the vacancy, we feel the same unswerving faith and confidence; we know her sterling integrity in the work to which she has consecrated almost her entire life, and we commend her to the officers and members of the National Council of Women, and feel assured they will find in Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith a woman eminently qualified for the position to which she has been elected by the members of the society over whom she has the honor to She is the only woman now livpreside. who was present wLen the Relief ing was Society organized in the State of Illinois sixty years ago on the 17 th of next The anniversary will be March, 1902. celebrated throughout the entire society in a manner suited to the memorable occasion. Salt Lake City was highly favored last summer in having for its guest of honor the president of the International Council of Women, Mrs. May Wright Sewall; it was a rare treat and a pleasure that will not soon be forgotten. Committees from each of the two National Societies affiliated with the Council, the National Woman's Relief Society and the Young Ladies National Mutual Improvement Association, had charge of the arrangements for the entertainment of the distinguished lady, and among other pleasing features of hei visit, Mrs. Sewall addressed an audience of seven or eight thousand people in the great Tabernacle in Salt Lake City on the Sabbath day, on her favorite theme, InterWe all regretted that her nationalism. so brief and we are sorry that we was stay could not have been favored with a visit from our honored president of the National Council, Mrs. Fannie Humphreys Gaffney, but we sincerely hope to have that honor in the near future, and trust that it will be our pleasant privilege to hear Mrs. Gaffney address as large an audience in the Tabernacle as assembled on the occasion of Mrs. Sewall 's public address. We are proud to welcome to our mountain home, women who are giving their best efforts to the amelioration of the conditions of womankind, and the advancement and enlightenment of the world at Our best endeavors shall be given large. to strengthen the ties of love that shall eventually bring about the reign of peace on earth and good will to all mankind. A PLEASANT AETERNOON PARTY. On Wednesday, March 12, Sister Eliza- beth J. Stevenson entertained the widows of the Fourteenth Ward, and a number who were not residents of that ward, including Presidents Bathsheba W. Smith and M. Isabella Home. Brother George Taylor, Bishop of the ward, was also present. The rooms were prettily decorated with carnations and beautiful feathery ferns. The time was pleasantly spent in conversation, speeches, music, both vocal and instrumental, and dancing by little Clay Wilcox, a granddaughter of the hostess. The music was a feature of the afternoon, and was greatly enjoyed by those present. At five o'clock the guests repaired to the EXPONENT. the presidents of the war ds, as shown Minutes of ni orning sesserved. Bishop Taylor sat at the head of the by the roll call. table and pronounced the blessing. The sion of former conference read a d accepted. President Standring welcomed the sisters scene was one not soon to be forgotten: the was pleased to see so many present. china and and snowy linen, dainty fragrant President Sarah Foutz reported Pleasant flowers; the calm, serene faces of the dear The sisters were laying up sisters who have most of them grown old Grove ward. in the service of the Lord; the gracious wheat and relieving the poor, of whom hostess heiself, giving a kind word here they have quite a few; were united in their and a smile there, and the strains of sweet labors. President Martha Woolley reported Linmusic floating in from some distant room. deden. Are a small ward with sixty-on- e Sister Stevenson's parties are always lightful and will be long remembeied by members, have a band of good sisters and her associates in the ward, the Relief Society find a benefit in taking the meetings to the dining room where a delicious dinner was and the Temple, in all of which she is a faithful, earnest worker. A. I. E. ADIES'S2M MEETING. The Ladies' Meeting was held in the Fourteenth Ward Hall, January 4, 1902, Sister E. J. Stevenson presiding. Semi-Monthl- y Opened by singing, "Come, let us ane.w." SingPrayer by Sister Sarah J. Cannon. born hail new the "All year." The ing, minutes of last meeting read and accepted. Sister E Stevenson said she was very happy to be with the sisters. We must not live for ourselves, we must live for the blessings we get. Sisters Brown and Barrow bore faithful testimonies, and Sister Taylor thanked the Lord for her blessings. Sister Palmer felt good to be at the meeting, it was more to her than anything else. Sister Sarah J Cannon said she felt honored in the position to which she had been called. Said she always honored Sister Home. - Sister Hardy said she loved to bear her She had done testimony with the sisters. work in the Temple, and always felt well in working for the dead. Sister Simmons felt the spirit of God was with us. Sisters Ellis and Lund felt thankful that the Lord had blessed them and bore faithful testimonies. Sister Luff spoke of the greeting to the Relief Society by President Bathsheba W. Smith, she felt it was inspired of the Lord. Sisters Casset and Wright spoke of the blessings of the Lord to them and felt to sustain those placed over them. Several other sisters spoke of the pleasure they felt in being privileged to work in the Temple. Sister Sarah J. Cannon said we should have a special care over those who are backward in asking for help and see that they receive assistance. Sister E J. Stevenson urged all to try and bear their testimony. Exhorted the teachers of the society to do their duty. The meeting adjourned for four weeks. Singing, "The time is far spent." Benediction by Sister Amelia Wardrop. Amelia Wardrop, ALPINE Sec. STAKE The fourth quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Alpine Stake was held at American Fork, January 24 1901. Meeting called to order at 10 a. m., President Standring presiding. Opened by singing, "Come, come ye Saints." Prayer by Brother James Kirkham. Singing, "Redeemer of Israel." The Stake officers were all present and 11 houses. President Isadora Beck reported Manila. They are all united and have good Visit the sick and help the meetings. poor. Counselor Anderson reported Lehi. The society is in good condition, the sisters all united. President Elizabeth Berry reported Cedar Valley. Had a Mothers' and Daughters' meeting and never had a better time. Have stored some wheat and feel they are gradually improving. Alpine was reported by President Sarah Marsh. Were relieving the poor and layEncouraged the young ing up grain. mothers to join the society. American Fork First Ward reported by President Orpha Robinson. They had bought five tons of coal for the poor and helped the missionaries some. Are united and getting along very well. American Fork Second Ward reported Had by President Sarah S. Chipman. held meetings at the sisters' homes and found quite an improvement in attendance. American Fork, Third Ward, reported by President Mary E. Abel. They have good meetings, hold two a month. American Fork Fourth Ward reported by President Alice T. Steele. Are in good condition, have the teachers report the poor and carry them supplies. They have a good attendance at their cottage meetings. Lehi North branch was reported by Sister Ellen Jones. They have fifty members enrolled, have good teachers and are trying to do their best for the - furtherance of the work of the Lord. President Rebecca Standring was truly thankful to hear the reports of the presidents. Spoke of Mothers' and Daughters' meetings, they are for the enefit of the The instruction given young women. should be for the improvement of the youth of Zion, and to teach them the principles of life and health, also for the training of children. Spoke of the duties of teachers, it is to carry comfort and progress to the people. They should be so filled with the Spirit of God that they can discern the spirits of those they visit. God is with us in our labors, and if our young people will attend Relief Society meetings they will receive great benefit and will be prepared to take the places of their mothers. Had visited every ward in the Stake, and the reports of the Stake officers show the condition of the wards. Meeting closed by singing "How firm a foundation," etc. Benediction by Counselor Harriet Jacobs. The afternoon session of conference continued at 2 p. m. President Rebecca Standring presiding. Meeting opened by singing, "Softly beams the sacred dawn- ing," Prayer by Brother Christensen. Singing, "Earth with her ten thousand ; 