WOMAN'S 28 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year. 2; cts. Each square, ten lines of nonpanel Advertising rates: disspace one time $2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, y, Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at the Post s matter. Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as tecond-clas- Salt Lake City, Utah, September i & 15, 1902 CALAMITIES AND EVILS. There never was a time in 'he history of the past, to which one is apt to turn, when more abounding calamities and startling events transpired than during- the last two It is very well to say that or three years. communication brings news so telegraphic knovv what we and transpires quickly, aeross the ocean almost momentarily, yet deceive one's self as one may, there is no disguising the fact that crime is on the increase, and that events of an almost overwhelming character and consequence are of daily occurrence. One dreads almost to take up a daily paper, not knowing what it may contain concerning death and disaster. Surely the great and terrible day of the Lord is hastening on, and is near at hand, and who will be able to abide when His judgments are poured forth ? Even though this be so, yet the pleasure loving and pleasure seeking are still more eager in their mad pursuit after the idle phantom than ever before. New methods of enjoyment, games and recreation are invented, and excursions of all sorts and to all sorts of places are planned and carried forward to kill time and make a display. hazard are the multitude, though Happy-g- o there are many hundreds of noble exceptions among the peoples of the world. This spirit of recklessness and dissipation is so strongly diffusive and so banefnl in its influence, that it should be feared as a destructive power in society. It has become quite a common saying, "What's the use of living if one can't have a good time?" This generally means, as the careless speak, "Lots of fun regardless of consideration for the sober realities of life," and often tends to serious, if not fatal consequences to the young and daring. Evil influences are more dangerous often than contagious diseases and more difficult to guard against, there are no visible warning signs, but more frequently fascinating allurements that dazzle and bewilder the young and unwary, even if there are not. persons who spread nets for the unsophisticated. There are always sufficient temptations in the pathway of life to be avoided, and the best method is to be prayerful and diligent in the performance of duties, obedient to parents and to those who preside in any capacity In the school, the Sunday School or elsewhere; and to the Latter-da- y Saints obedience to the priesthood is the safeguard. There can be no doubt in the minds of Saints that these are the the Latter-da- y EXPONENT. president of the International Council she was entitled to courtesies froiu the most distinguished ladies of that august body of women assembled to transact Council busi- Mrs. Gates read the address of the ness. (Mrs. Sewall) which occupied one entire day. After leaving Copenhagen she was the guest of Mme. Chapponiere at her summer residence on Lake Geneva, where she enjoyed the most generous hospitality, and was among the most charming scenery of that delightful and picturesque country. While there Mrs. Gates, accompanied by Elder Leigh Young, her cousin, vis'!ted the Castle of Chillon and spent a day among its She was also ruins and surroundings. of Coronation the at King Edward, present and soon after that wonderful event sailed for home. Mrs F. M. Lyman was her com panion in crossing the Atlantic on her homeward voyage. En oute westward Mrs. Gates visited Mrs Sewall at her home in Indianapolis ard made a repoit of her work at the Council sessions. After arriving at her home in Provo. she addressed the congregation on the Sabbath day in the Tabernacle there. Sunday evening, September 6, she spoke in the Eighteenth Ward chapel to a crowded house. Thursday afternoon, September 12, at 4 p. ni., Mrs. Gates made a report of the trip in the parlor of the Bee Hive House to the General Board of the Relief Society and The First the Young Ladies Association. Presidency of the Church weie present aud listened with the greatest interest. ' Mrs. Lucy B. Young (Mrs Gates' mother) her daughter and husband. Prof. John Widstoe, were present and a few other Miss Emma Lucy Gates special friends. at the opening of the exercises and sang President A. H. Lund offered prayer. The Brief report occupied more than an hour. Gener-were afterwards made by 1 remarks President of the Relief Society, Mrs. Bath-sheb- a W. Smith, and Mrs. M. Isabella Home, President of the Relief Society of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion. The General President of the Y. L. N. M. I. A., Mrs Elmina S. Taylor, was present and was invited to speak, but, as she was not feeling President John R. well, excused herself. Winder made a few remarks and was followed by President Joseph F. Smith, who spoke eloquently on the woman subject and what had been accomplished, which made a deep impressiou upon all present. The hymn, "Come, come ye Saints," was rendered, Miss Gates at the piano and with her melodious voice joining in the singing. The benediction was pronounced by Mrs Maria Young Dougall, first counsin the Young Ladies Association. elor MRS. GATES RETURN. The members of the General Board exMrs Susa Y. Gates who went to Copenpressed themselves deeply gratified with hagen to attend the Executive meeting of the report made by Mrs. Gates of her trip the International Council, returned home abroad in the interest of the International the last of August. She nad a most interCouncil, which means the furtherance of In Copenhagen woman's advancement in.all the world. esting trip while abroad. she was the honored guest at many gatherShe addressed the Anglo Danish ings. EDITORIAL NOTES. Club in that city, the largest and most fashionable woman's club, and on other Mrs. Amelia F. Young, who returned occasions had rare opportunities of speak recently from the Eastern States, had a ing in public to appreciative audiences. She very enjoyable time, not only in Washingvisited the branches of the Relief Society ton, where she attended the National there, and the new Latter-da- y Saints' Woman's Suffrage Association, and met meeting house that was recently dedicated. the women from many countries, as wrell as As the representative of Mrs. Sewall, the those great leaders in our own land, Miss last days; that this is the fulness of times ' when all kinds of evil influences will strive ' to gain power, and especially over tho-- e "Who are on the Lord's side," and one cannot be too careful of the company one associates with, for these insidious evils that are abroad in the world come in all sorts of It is not easy to deceptive disguises. judge by appearances; the scriptures tell us "that in the last days perilous times shall come" and that such times have come is apparent to those who have understanding of the truths of the Gospel. There are perils by sea and land, and dangers lie all around, but the most terrible of all is the danger of losing the faith; there are and will be false prophets and teachers, and as the Apostle Peter said, "While they promise liberty they themselves are the servants of corruption." The scripture also says, "Beware of wolves in sheep's clothing. ' ' There is so much opportunity given to young people for spiritual development among the Latter day Saints, that it would seem comparatively easy to keep in the channel of truth and the path of righteousness, and yet there are many temptations to those inclined to be wayward, and therefore a constant warfare must be waged against sin and evil. Parents, teachers and guardians of the youth of Zion, and in fact all who stand for the public good and the welfare of the community, cannot be too diligent in watching, praying and working in season and out of season, and setting an example worthy of imitation that the children of the Saints may be kept in the path of duty and follow after righteousness, that they may take up the work, as those who have laid the foundation pass away, for it is upon them, our children, that the burden and responsibility of the great Latter-da- y work must inevitably fall They must not fail and according to the Book of Doctrine and Covenants, the word of the Lord to Joseph the Prophet in this dispensation, if parents have not fulfilled their duty in teaching and training, they v.ill te held responsible; and how terrible the consequence will be The work in which the Latter-da- y Saints are engaged is increasing so rapidly, the number of people is. so much greater, not only in our own land but in foreign countries, that one stands appalled almost at the magnitude of the work to bQ done, and indeed the fields are white for the harvest and the laborers should be many; but there is no reason to despair for those who are there is room for more help and need of admonishing the indifferent and arousing them to the great need of saving the souls of their own children and protecting them from the evils in the midst of Zion. ! dili-gent;b- ut pre-iden- j j i t, 