104 singing, "0, my Father," and benediction by Elder Fred H. Bradshaw. Afternoon session began by singing, "High, on the mountain top." Prayer by Brother Preator, of Independence. Singing "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning." Sister Amelia B. Carling said she felt like doing her duty in helping to roll on this great work, was thankful she was born in this day and age of the world when the Gospel had been restored to the earth, and that she knew Joseph Smith was a prophet of God. President Estella A. MiUigan said the sisters from Utah desired to hear the testi- ' monies of the sisters. Sister Lenora J. McCarthy said she felt like doing her duty and exerting every effort to build up the Relief Society. Sister Almyra Hines, of Independence, felt thankful to have the privilege of meeting the sisters from Utah. Sister Margaret Hutchinson, of Independence, asked the sisters to assist her with their faith and prayers. She felt pleased to meet with us in confeience and to meet the sisters from Utah. Elder David O. Allen, Brother Preator, Sister Louisa Preator, Sister Almyra Hines with Sister Lucy Hines at the organ entertained the audience with singing a quartet. Sister Elizabeth Roller was thankful the Elders brought the glad news of the Gospel to her. Sister Lucy Hines of Independence, felt like doing her best in the work of the Lord. Sister Dora McDonald was glad to meet the sisters from Utah, and Sister Sarah Long asked for the faith and prayers of the sisters. Sister Susan F. Pletts was thankful for the piivilege of coming to the meeting and glad to meet the sisters who had come so far for the Gospel's sake and to instruct us in the Relief Society work, Sister Sarah E. Giles was glad she was a Latter-da- y Saint, and Sister Ellen Swan-so- n felt like doing her part in the Relief Society work. Mrs. Turner, mother of President Estella Milligan, bore a faithful testimony although she is not a member of the Church, but hopes to be some day, and asked the Saints for their prayers. First Counselor Kate Brown was glad to meet the sisters from Utah and have the privilege of hearing them speak. President Estella Milligan said the Lord had heard and answered her prayers many times. Second Counselor Louisa Preator, of Independence, spoke and bore a faithful testimony to the truthfulness of the Gospel. She was glad to meet with the Saints in conference, and intends to live true and faithful and do all she can to help build up the Relief Society work in this the chosen land. Sister Sarah J. Cannon said if we would live up to the requirements of the Gospel the Lord would be our help. Our mothers should be thankful for the title, for it is the greatest blessing given to women. R. K. Sister Amelia Carling sang a solo, entitled, "Scenes of Childhood." Sister Annie T. Hvde said when she looked over the audience and saw so many young men who had left their homes and loved ones for the purpose of preaching the Gospel, it brought tears to her eyes. Knew their mothers and sisters would be proud of them could they have the privilege of looking into their bright faces to"We mothers should be thankful to day. have our sons fill this position. If the sisters here would be faithful it would assist greatly in rolling on the Lord's work in the center Stake of Ziou. We mothers should be proud of our children and train them up to be useful men and women. Spoke of the responsibility of mothers in training their children. President Jas. G. Duffin spoke of the pet feet order that prevails in the Church of jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, and of the rights of the women to preside in their own meetings. "Woman's place is beside man, not at his feet." Said many things pertaining to the responsibility of mothers in raising their families, and that this organization would prepare mothers for their duties to their families. Elder Fred H. Bradshaw said the day had come when men were willing to assist women in doing good. Singing, "Praise to the man who comConference admuned with Jehovah." for six months. Benediction by journed Elder Geo. E. Brown. Leonora J. McCarthy, KANSAS words expressed her pleasure in being permitted to meet with the sisters on the sixtieth anniversary of the organization ot the Relief Society, Miss Pearl and Mr. William Smedley then sang. President James G. Duffin gave a very interesting sketch on the organization of the Relief Society and its progress up to the present time. The lady missionaries were represented by Sister Sarah M. Giles, who gave in brief but pointed words our aim in the mission work: to be true representatives of the daughters of Zion, to assist our sisters in gaining the blessings to be obtained through the Relief Society: one of the highest aims of which is to qualify the sisters for the most important and honorable position given to woman, that of being a true mother in Israel, and to train up her children in righteousness. President Estella Milligan then presented Sister Mary Smedley with a silver bread tray as a token of remembrance for her untiring efforts while acting as secretary in the society. Sister Smedley thanked the sisters for the token of appreciation and assured them that the memory of her work in the Relief Society rould always bring She leaves for her home in pleasure. Utah, April I. The remainder of the evening was spent in social chat, refreshments were served and at eleven o'clock, benediction was pronounced by Elder Adams. Sec. CITY, MISSOURI. Atkinson. Ma-rueth- "Miss Clara Barton and Mrs. J. Ellen Foster have been appointed by the State Department at Washington as two of the six delegates on the part of the United States to the Seventh International Red Cross Conference to be held at St. PetersThe other burg, Russia, May delegates are: Rear Admiral W. K. Van General of the Navy, Reypen, retired, Washington, D, C; Col. Nicholas Senn, Surgeon General, Illinois State Militia, Chicago; and Mr. B.F. Tillinghast, editor of the Democrat and Gazette of Davenport, Iowa, U. S. Military Attache at the Embassy at St. Petersburg, representMr. Tillinghast gathered ing the Army. the shipload of corn sent to the famine Mrs. sufferers in Russia a few years ago. Foster will sail April 30 by the American Herein the great city of Kansas, Mo., among her thousands of inhabitants, is a band of sisters few in number but united in purpose. That purpose is one that teaches every true woman to love her Maker, to honor the priesthood of God, to prize virtue and purity as her life, to administer to the wants of the poor and needy, to visit the afflicted and to love all God's creatures. "The Elevation of Woman" is our motto, and when woman reaches that "standard, when she can say that her mind and body are pure, then the day must come when man must also forsake sin, for vice and virtue cannot dwell together. For a wise purpose God has placed us here on earth. The mission of his daughters is to Line." become wives and mothers, and when one is a true wife and mother she has attained the highest position a woman can occupy Save Your Money! on this earth. On the 17th of March the Relief Society And when you get a dollar, deposit it met at 1421 Locust St , at 8 o'clock, with with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust all the members and their husbands presthe oldest and largest savings Company, ent, t also the president and counselors of bank in Utah. the Southwestern States mission, eighteen Since the establishment of the bank Elders and the two lady missionaries. we have opened more than 19,000 savWe sang "We thank Thee, O God for a ings accounts. offered was prophet." Prayer by Elder The laws, of Utah permit married Charles England. Our president, Sister women and also children who are minors Estella Milligan, in a few well chosen to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Hate you such an account? If not, open 16-2- 9. ex-Surge- , one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INj TEREST on any amount from one dolj THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. lar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRJTE for any information desired. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. We aim to give you as Lorenzo Snow, Prest. ' M. Cannon, Cashier George much a possible for you money, "TRY Main Street, Nqs. , 67 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. JS -5 