82 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. R. S. REPORTS. UINTAH STAKE President S. J. McKean said they had been organized three years. Ann Sock, of the 27th ward, organized last February, said there were nineteen teachers, which was all that were present. The 30th ward was reported by the president, Sister Bowers. They have four branches, their workers, are trying to do all that is required of them. President Home related her experience in trusting in the Lord in case of sickness. She thought we could spend our time profitably in sewing and working in our ing. Prayed our minds might ever be enlightened, and when we know our duty, do it, lest we come under condemnation. Counselor Sarah S. Forsyth said we should use our influence for the furtherMothers should be ance of the Gospel. in careful teaching their children corvery rect principles. Sister Sarah A. Robison was pleased with the privilege of meeting in conference. We should teach our children reverence for Great results could be the Priesthood. accomplished through calling our children together and reading to them, and planting the principles of the Gospel within them in Minutes of the 27 th conference of the Relief Society of the Uintah Stake, held January 25, 1902, President Sarah Pope presiding. Opened by singing ' 'Redeemer or Israel. ' ' Prayer by Brother Nelson Merkly. SingRoll called, ing, "O Jesus, the Giver." showing four Stake and six ward officers present. Minutes of previous conference read and approved. Counselor A. K. Bartlett said there were societies. but few present, but the Lord would bless Sister Margaret C. Hull said the Relief us in meeting together. It is just as nec- Society is like a band of missionaries in their youth. each ward. "We are not sent out into the essary for mothers to understand the prinPresident W. E. Robison said he was missionas of the is for the it ciples Gospel world, but we are sent to teach, comfort and interested in Relief Society wTork, and when aries who go to the nations of the earth. sustain those we work among." he reflected upon the fact that the The Relief Society should hold on to their The meeting adjourned until two o'clock. Joseph organized the sisters in Prophet Relief grain and not use it. Singing, "Lord dismiss us." Benediction Society, which was so uncommon in those Brother George Merkly said he felt unby Sister M. W. Wilcox. days, and looked at what had been accomable to say anything beneficial to any one Afternoon session opened at 2 o'clock this society since, it was without the blessing of theSpirit of the Lord. with President Home presiding. The plished throughHe great. appreciated the labors of He always had a warm feeling toward the Temple quartette sang "Redeemer of truly the sisters and felt they were a great help Relief Society, he received much aid from Israel." Prayer by Elder C. J. Thomas. in the wards, the labors of the brethren them while on his mission. We should alThe quartette sang another hymn and the would not be perfect without the sisters. commandments of the the Lord minutes were read and accepted. ways keep President Sarah G. Meeks, of Thurber so we would have a claim on His blessings. Sister C. C. Cannon said we should reRelief Society, reported that branch in The Relief Society of the Vernal Ward, member we are working for the kingdom condition. The sisters on good Mill Ward, Naples Ward and Glen Ward of God, all that we have belongs to Him. hand to assist in the ward were ever and she felt were all reported by their presidents as President B. W. Smith felt Relief Society well in her labors. Wished work was one of our first duties. doing a good work. President Harriet Stapley said the Loa Morning session closed by singing, "Our we would cease to complain, be kind and Relief Society was in good running order. God we raise to Thee." Benediction by love one another. Liked to see us happy, Relief Society was reported by Teasdale Brother Thomas Bingham. live holy lives and put away frivolity. C. Ostbery in good condition. Counselor L. Afternoon session opened by singing, Sister E. J. Stevenson spoke of the reCounselor Ellen Heaton reported the "Now let us rejoice." Prayer by Counselor sponsibility of Relief Society teachers and Relief Society doing well and the A. K. Bartlett. firm a Torrey "How the work of and faith that of the Singing, principle sisters united. were foundation." it. can be accomplished through Brother Don B. Cotton thought the prewe should The felt live Wilcox Sister M. W. Lyman Relief Society was reported officers should be not on of the siding so that we would always have discouraged spirit by Counselor Susan Turner as prospering, account of no more being present, for they the Lord to dictate us in all that we do. and the sisters were desirous of doing their had done their duty and would receive a Sister M. C. Hull sang a solo. part. blessing. Sister M. P. Young thought we were Morning session closed by singing, Counselor Mary Hall thought we should greatly favored in being organized into this "Redeemer of Israel." Benediction by study the lives of our leading sisters and society. Spoke of the greatness of the Patriarch George Coleman. emulate their example. Afternoon session commenced with the Prophet Joseph Smith. Sister C. A. Stringham read some verses Sister E. Webb said "The Relief Society usual opening exercises, after which the is doing a great work. Let us set examples General Board and Stake officers were suscomposed by Sister Esther Bennion. President Sarah Pope made a few closing that will bring forth fruit." tained by the conference. remarks, the financial and statistical report a on few words S. Patriarch E. H. Blackburn spoke. He Julia Woolley spoke was read, the General and local officers susalso on our said he wished to bear testimony that records and reports, increasing tained and the meeting closed by singing, faith by our works. Joseph Smith was a prophet of the living "The time is far spent." Benediction by Sister Elizabeth Paul felt she was blessed God and that President Joseph F. Smith President. Sarah Pope. and privileged to be a member of the was also a prophet of God. Felt that Addie Longhurst, Sec. Church mothers should cultivate faith in the child Sister Lambert bore a testimony of the and should lay hold of every blessing. SALT LAKE STAKE. Sister Leah Blackburn was pleased to be Prophet Joseph Smith. The Relief Society conference of the Salt President Home counseled the sisters to present at conference. Said it is not what Lake Stake convened March 1, 1902, at buy their wheat. She felt we should be we hear but what we practice that is beneto the 10 a. m., in the Fourteenth Ward Hall, to We should be what we profess to Lord, "Thy will, not ficial. say willing President M. I. Home presiding. be we done." shall be judged by our works. mine, be, . Doxol-ogycommenced with the The usual President H. M. Hansen felt to add Meeting meeting adjourned. Singing, Benediction by Sister Barton. a word of encouragement. opening exercises, after which the roll was He always called, the minutes read and approved and J. S. Woolley, Sec. We enjoyed meeting with the sisters. the statistical and financial report read and had heard this instructions at many good WAYNE STAKE. conference that would be profitable to carry accepted. President M.I. Home said all are exThe Wayne Stake Relief Society conferout in our lives. Felt to encourage the pected to pay their ten cent membership. ence was held in the Thurber Relief Society sisters of this Stake of Zion in the work of If any are not able to pay the society will hall, December 5, 1901, Stake President sericulture. make up the deficiency. W. E. Robison, Counselor H. M. Hanson, President. Jane S. Coleman bore testiThe president of the 28th ward, Emma Patriarch E. H. Blackburn, Patriarch mony to the truth of the Latter-da- y work. Ridd, said she had been a teacher, but now George Coleman and other brethren and Patriarch George Coleman felt thankful would do all she could in her new position sisters being present. President Jane S. for the privilege of being present at conas president. Coleman presided. ference. Bore testimony to the truth of One of the counselors in the 25 th ward Asked Meeting opened by singing, "The the Gospel, knew it was of God. said they had held one meeting, and felt if happy day has rolled on." Prayer was the blessing of the Lord Relief the upon humble they would be offered by Patriarch E. H. Blackburn. Society. they were blest of the Lord. Singing, "Joy to the world." Minutes of Singing, "Praise to the man who comSarah R. Standring said their organizalast conference read and approved. muned with Jehovah." Benediction by tion was made last Fast day, They had President J. S. Coleman said she felt Sister Bathsbeba, Qrundy. fceld. 0e meeting, Annie Coleman. truly blest for the spirit present this. morn. , 