WOMAN'S 34 EXPONENT. the sisters were unanimous in keeping the Word of Wisdom and in paying their tithing. Sister Stevenson rejoiced in the Temple work; also urged the sisters in regard to their children, to guard them, especially the boys. Adjournment, singing and prayer. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. BENSON. Report of the Benson Stake Relief Society conference, which was held at Le wist on, July 28, 1902. The conference was well attended, there being a good representation from each waid There were and a good spirit prevailed. Counsebesides the Stake officeis, present, lor Annie T. Hyde, of the General Board, and Sister Mary A. Freeze, of the Y. L. N. M. I. A., both or Salt Lake City. During the morning session reports from the various wards were given and a song was very beautifully rendered by Smith-fiel- d Relief Society Sisters Annie T. Hyde and Mary A. Freeze addressed the congregation and gave some valuable instruction and encouragement. Among the speakers who occupied the time of the afternoon session were Counselor B. A. Hendricks, of the Stake, Bishop Wm. Waddoups, Sisters Annie T. Hyde, Mary A. Freeze and Almira Merrill. The following program was also rend- Amelia Wadrop, Sec. INTERESTING VISITS AND MEETINGS. Colonia Juarez, Mexico. Early Thursday morning, June 27, Brother Edward Eyring, home missionary, President Mary B. Eyring and Eunice S. Harris.in the interest of the Relief Society, Caroline Eyring, first counselor in the Primary ,left their homes in Colonia, Juarez, to visit the colonies in the mountains. A pleasant journey of about eight miles brought us to the mouth of the canon, where the change of scenery, combined with the cool atmosphere made the ascent of the mountain indeed pleasant. On arriving at the top of the mountain we had a magnificent view of the beautiful valley ered: 1520 feet, below, from which we had asA lecture on "Motherhood," which conand as lar as the eye could see in tained many good points, was given by cended, front rolling hills interlaced with canon President Maggie Merrill, of Richmond. gorges and covered with a forest of pine, Lewiston rendered a song, and a biograoak and juniper. phical sketch of Lucy Smith, mother of the We arrived at the saw mill with good Prophet, was given by Coveville. Here we in time for dinner. appetites, After sustaining the officers, conference had a which being the shower, refreshing was adjourned. first rain we have had in this part of the Maria Hutteballe, Cor. Sec. country for so many months, was truly welcome. LADIES' MEETING. SEMI-MONTHL- Y The Ladies' Meeting, of in the which convened 16, 1902, August Fourteenth Ward Hall, was well attended, Semi-monthl- y President M. Isabella Home presiding. After the usual opening exercises of singing and prayer, President Horne gave an interesting address on the subject of motherhood; also spoke of her recent trip South. ' She felt the sisters there were doing a good work in the organizations. Referred to the play of Corianton and its success, believed it would do good and cause the people of the world to investigate. She had great pleasure in talking of the truths revealed in the last days, felt she had many times allayed prejudice' in conversing with strangers; closed her remarks with an earnest appeal to mothers to watch over their children and train them properly, and especially to keep the Spirit of God for a guide. Sister Julia C. Howe thanked the Lord for raising her up from a bed of sickness, also said we could preach the Gcspel by our actions as well as our words. Sister Phebe Y. Beatie referred to the time of the first organization of the Retrenchment meetings by her father, President Brigham Young, when he organized his own daughters.in the Lion House. She spoke of the information bureau recently established on the Temple grounds, thought great good would result from it. Sister E. J. Stevenson entreated the mothers to have their children attend Sun-daSchool and to have order and union in y their families. Sister another Sister meeting Martha Morris, Sister Quinn and sister bore faithful testimonies. Lydia D. Alder told of an officers' she attended in the country where I After dinner we continued our journey through the most sublime, mountain scenery to Pacheco, located about thirt)r-fiv- e miles At ten a. m. Friday from Colonia Juarez. we met wrth the Relief Society, and at one p. m. with the Primary, then continued our journey to Garcia, a distance of eight miles, stopping at Corralles on the way to visit Aunt Ellen Lunt, now living with Sister Sarah Lunt. We found her happy, but very feeble in body and mind. When we told her where we were going, she wept because she was not able to go with us. She has been an energetic worker in the Relief Society for so many years, it is a sore trial to her to be inactive. We met with the Relief Society there that evening. Early Saturday morning we resumed our journey to Chuichupa, located in an open This valley forty miles south of Garcia. was indeed a delightful ride in the tops of Sierra Madre mountains; the entire distance being through a forest of majestic pines sighing in the breeze, the air so cool and invigorating, laden with the scent from the pines, that it was refreshing both to mind and body, and gave us a keen relish for dinner. We arrived in Chuichupa in the evening, finding the people somewhat discouraged over the long drouth. Their wells had all and to haul their water had gone dry, they from springs a mile and a half away. However, their hearts were gladdened on Sunday by a beautiful rain, which was the first moisture to fall in the valley for eight months. The soil is very rich there and needs but a few showers to cause vegetation to spring up on every side. On Sunday we met in special meeting with the Relief Society and Primary. We were truly pleased to find all of the associations in the different colonies in full work ing order, with organizations complete and truly energetic officers and members, alive 10 their duties and greatly interested in the Relief Society work. Monday we started on the homeward trip, meeting with the Primary in Garcia at six p. m , and attending a Sunday; School entertainment in the evening. Tuesday we continued our journey down As some of us thought wo the mountain. had more strength than courage, we preferred walking down the steep hills. Tuesday evening we arrived home, tired from having traveled 160 miles over mountain roads in six days, besides having The colonies in attended eight meetings. the country being so widely separated, and all traveling having to be done by team, makes the visiting of the different associations very laborious. Mary B. Eyring, Eunice S. Harris. NOTES AND NEWS The Michigan Woman's Press Association in annual convention, last month, passed resolutions in behalf of the suppression of child labor and commended the action of the Detroit local Council of Women and other women's organizations throughout the State in establishing play grounds for the children, of the respective cities. Miss Rose Elizabeth Cleveland, sister of Cleveland, now owns about e one-halof Island, near Islesboro, few days acquired an a within Me., having Miss Cleveland additional tract of land. a 800 about has chickens, large herd of a cows and big vegetable garden on her island, where she raises prize pumpkins, fat She chickens and prime dairy butter. handles the affairs herself, and employs a There is but one other big crew of men. on island. the cottage Mrs. Elizabeth A. Reed President cf the Illinois Woman's Press Association, is author of a work on Hindu Literature, Her Persian Literature and Buddhism. book has won the recognition of orientalists and savants in this country and abroad, and she has been made a member of the Philosophical Society of Great Britain and of the International Congress of Orientalists, in Mrs. Reed's daughter, honor thereof. Miss Myrtle Reed, is author of "Love Letters of a Musician," "The Spinster Book," and numerous short stories and poems. A new book, "Lavender and Did Lace," is now in press for publication. .? President Roosevelt preached a little sermon to fathers and mothers at Waterville", Me. He said: "Every father of a large man I family and being an in families believe knows that if he large has to do well by his children he must do well by himself. Now, haven't you in your own experience known men and T am sorry to say, even more often women who think that they are doing a favor to their children when they shield them from When they let the girls sit at any effort ? ease and read, while the mother does all the housework ? Don't you know cases like that I do. Yes, and when a boy will be brought up to be very ornamental and not useful? Don't you know that, too? Now these are not good fathers and mothers. They are foolish fathers and mothers. They are not kind; they are simply silly." f 700-Acr- old-fashion- 1 