WOMAN'S EXPONENT 8 Yesterday, May 20, a public social gathering convened in honor of one of our aged sisters, Phebe Benson, who was the first president of the Relief Society of this ward, and has ever been an active, energetic worker in all righteous causes, in fact, she has been a dear mother to trie Parowan community. The piogram consisted of a biographical sketch of Sister Benson, speeches, songs, recitations, etc.; the most beautiful feature being the song, "Be Kind to the Old Folks," by her children, grandchildren and An Album was pregreat grandchildren. sented in behalf of the Relief Society, in which the biographical sketch is to be written and the autograph of every member of the Relief Society. Sister Benson responded very feelingly, extending her love and blessing to every creature in the ward. She said she felt that she was connected to all and her heart was filled with blessings for all. Grandma Benson was tastily dressed, and in her beautifully decorated seat of honor, looked as grand as a queen on her throne, and indeed she ws queen of hearts, such a unity of spirit is rarely enjoyed. Sister Benson is on the verge of her eighty-secon- d birthday, is the mother of grandchildren eight children, has forty-fivHer and sixteen great grandchildren. faculties are bright and she is still industrious. At the present time she is embroidering Temple aprons and doing other light work; and if one is needing counsel, it is safe to go to Grandma Benson, who has truly "grown old beautifully." E. Crane Watson. , f 1 e "THE GIPSY QUEEN." The operetta, "The Gipsy Queen," presented in the Opera House at Provo by the Brigham Young Academy kindergarten department, was one of the most beautiful entertainments imaginable, and shows wonderful talent and willingness to learn on the part of the little folks, and at the same. time reflecting great credit on their The leading roles "Rosalie," teachers. "The Fairy Queen" and "Mother Grunt," assumed by Miss Margaret Dusenberry, Miss Lorie Eggertsen and Miss Jessie Ramsey, respectively, were well sustained. Little Miss Dusenberry had a very lengthy part and won the hearts of the audience by her good singing and earnest' work. In Miss Ramsey's second role, that of a boy, her fine contralto voice was heard to good advantage, and the duet by her and little Miss Margaret was very prettily sung and cleverly acted. Miss Agnes Clive and Miss Ethel Beasley , little girls from Salt Lake City, apparently about seven or eight years of age, took the house by storm with their specialties, Miss Clive as a violinist and Miss Beasley as a dancer. The choruses were fine, and the scenic effects, costumes, etc., were very beautiful. R. K. RED CROSS CONFERENCE. St. Petersburg, June 5. The International Red Cross conference has adjourned. The conference passed resolutions urging all countries to prohibit the use by manufacturers for commercial purposes of the Red Cross symbols and to give manufacturers six months' notice of this decision. After relating instances in which the Red Cross privileges have been abused, the Belgian International Ambulance corps resolved that every state is bound to exercise strict supervision over the private relief expeditions organized in its territory; that no such organization should leave the state without authorization from the government, and that such expeditions should not be allowed to use the Red Cross unless they have been recognized by some Red Cross society. The Belgian International Ambulance Corps recom-- ended the establishment of international bureaus to supply information concerning prisoners of war, aid societies, etc. ; that the maritime Red Cross stations should agree to receive all the wounded and sick persons gathered by hospital ships without distinction of nationality; that it was desirable for the Red Cross societies to prepare for relief in time of war by active service in time of peace and finally, that the powers take steps to bring about the execution of article 10 of The Hague convention, which has not yet been ratified. At the last dinner given in honor of the delegates to the conference, Prof. Martens, professor of international law at the University of St. Petersburg, referred in glowing terms to the humane arrangements that exist in American cities for the care of the public. Mrs. W. P. Foster rreplied to Prof Martens in a graceful address. r 71 , er being." T)eri;ar Institute of prepoloy, Incorporated 1886, We are too fond of our own will. We want to be doing what we fancy mighty things; but the great point is to do small things, when called to them, in a right spirit. R. Cecil. OPENS ITS NEXT SESSION The Women's NationalLiberalFederation of England has voted to support no candidates for Parliament except those who will pledge themselves, if elected, to vote for full suffrage for women. SEPT. 3, 1902. For particulars apply to the Secretary, M. H. Piercy, care of Fowler & Wells Co., 14 East 22nd Street, New York. Save Your Mondy! Miss Jane Addams was severely injured last week in a wreck on the Santa Fe railroad at Revere, Mo., on her way home from Los Angeles. She was seated with her nephew in the last car. The train while runing at high speed was derailed by striking a switch. Miss Addams was nearly buried in the wreckage, and when she was rescued it was found that her face was badly lacerated and her left arm injured. And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. we The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW. Florence Nightingale celebrated her eigh- - Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for you money. self-evident- tax-pay- NOTES AND NEWS. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO 67 69, birthday, May 15, at Claydon House Buckinghamshire, the country seat of her There was no pubsister, Lad) Verney. lic demonstration, just an informal gathering of a few of her friends A striking instance of the love and veneration felt for Miss Nightingale by English soldiers was The late lately given by a contemporary: Sir John Steell, sculptor to Queen Victoria, had modelled z. bmt of Miss Nightingale. An officer of one of the Highland regiments which had suffered so cruelly in the Crimean heard that the bust had just been completed and was in Steell's studio. Many of the men in his company had passed through the hospital at Scutiri, and he got permission from the sculptor to Acbring some of them to see the bust. into the studio a marched cordingly, squad and stood in line. They had no idea why in so strange a been mustered had they was and then, uncovered bust place. The as by one impulse, the men broke rank and with cries of "Miss Nightingale! Miss Nightingale !" surrounded the model, and with hats off, cheered the figure of their devoted nurse until the roof rang. Like Clara Barton, Florence Nightingale has been a lifelong advocate of equal rights for women. Years ago she wrote "You ask sufin for reasons woman's my believing to me seems almost It frage. an axiom, that every ought to voice in a the have expenditure of the money pay, involving, as this does, interests that are the most vital to a human ty first We aim to give you as "T R Y US Me pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. Nos. Main Street. -5 