WOMAN'S THE DEPTH OF LOVE. Because be brought no tears to her dear grave, ' .Many and many there were, Who whispered when no single sign he gave, "He never cared for her " '' . But down within the silence of bis soul A surging oceas swept; Yet none could see the current onward roll, The tides that never slept ,.- - . . r ; Because I stand in silence when your eyes Look softly into mine; ; Because no words to my poor lips arise, ,, ' Because I give no sign; There are, perchance, those who would dare to - say '.. . . . , " 43 brought upon you through the persecutions laic premature care and sorrow on your young heart. I may be home in a few days, and I may not; but when I come I will tell you all about our visit. It must have been a great trial for our people to leave this beautiful country. It could be made a veritable paradise with the labor our people have expended in the dry west. I hope this will find you well, and that God may bless you in your Relief Society and Temple work and all things. With love to yourself and Alice. Affectionately Your Son, the foundation left, also, the mill owned by him and his brother, Wilson) We strolled along the beach in front of the Nauvoo house and gathered some pretty pebbles, some of them wonderfully marked Emma Smith's grave is located about two rods south and one west of the Prophet's home. Just before sunset, having obtained permission from the janitor, we mounted to the deck of a large school house standing on a commanding eminence and secured a splendid view of the city stretched out beneath, the river in its splendid sweep around three sides, Montrose across the Abraham 0. Woodruff, noble stream ' with the islands midway of the same, and last but not least, one of the Nov. 6, 1902. Nauvoo, III., grandest sunsets, it was ever my privilege behold. to Nauvoo was well named the Mrs. Emma S. Woodruff: peaceful, the beautiful. Surely our parents My Dear Mother: Owen and I have sacrificed much for the Gospel. The Lord been enjoying ourselves immensely today, bless you and comfort you. Affectionately, visiting the beautiful city of Nauvoo. Asahel. Beautiful for situation indeed, but now sadly neglected, as we wandered through the streets and saw in numerous places the MRS. STANTONS LAST WORD'. r well curb only, as a fence about the cavity WOMEN APPEAL TO THE PRESIDENT. to keep cattle from falling in, as the only evider.ee of what was doubtless once a hap-- ! In July, 1848, history records the first py home, my heart felt sad to see this deso- movement among women for the discussion lation. Many of the old places are stand- of their ' political, religious and social ' ing, however, but their grounds and sur- wrongs. ' Since then the demand for the right of roundings are sadly neglected indeed. The site where once stood the magnificent Temsuffrage has extended over many countries is now where with and has been ' granted, in one form or weeds, ple overgrown the ground is not littered with boards, old another, in the United States, in England doors, etc. , as it seems to be a sort of col- and her colonies, in Australia, New Zealecting ground for junk. From stone taken land, the Isle of Man and' New South ; from the Temple a large school building Wales. g women have voted by proxy has been constructed, also parts of other structures. A Catholic priest occupies the in several nations of the Old World for ' house of Parley P. Pratt, we called on him many years. ; and were treated nicely. A large Catholic In the long history of woman's wrongs school and convent stand across the street, there never has been so favorable a time to and the arsenal is joined to and forms a part demand her complete emancipation in the of it. We visited the people living in United States as now, for we have for the Uncle Smoot's house and learned that a first time in this Republic a president who two room brick house had formerly occu has declared himself in favor of woman's pied the corner near by, which we supposed political equality. The lot is now When Pi erident Roosevelt was governor was the one you lived in. one of New York he recommended the ennearly covered with a vineyard and lone peach tree, also a small piece right in franchisement of the women of the State in the corner is ocoupied with garden truck. his message to the New York legislature, Bishop Hunter's house over in the next and expressed the same opinion on several block is fairly well preserved. A clump of public occasions Now is the opportune three large evergreens stated at the west time for leading women to ask the president end. Passing down the street from your to make the same demand in his coming we passed a three story message to Congress for this act of justice southward place million American citizens now house belonging to David Yearsley, then to thirty-sitheir most sacred right, one we called father's of defrauded at a block turning up fourall others, a voice in the for underlies been has which that house occupied as The the fathers said long ago: Mr. laws. a For, teen years by Rheinburger. and of "No just government can be formed withpreservation place is in a fair state much the same as when he left it, except out the consent of the governed." In a speech made by the President at that the fireplaces have all been closed up, of which there was one in each of the seven Fitchburg on Labor Day, he said that he The porch has been removed was "in favor of an amendment to the rooms. from the front and one built on the rear. Constitution of the United States, conferTwo locust trees, one in the front and one ring additional power upon the federal at the rear, appear to have been standing government to deal with corporations." To control and restrain giant monopolies guard for at least sixty years. The floors, as arc for woodwork the best interests of the people is of vast and other stairs casings, the cleat the into The attic, of yore. import, but of far vaster importance is the trap of other leatures the and establishment and protection of the rights door cellar the on buildof the characteristics and liberties of one half the people of the the place show of homes the visited we United States, the most moral half, too er. During the day Lorenzo Heber C. Kimball, Brigham Young, namely, women.' Surely there is no greater monopoly than Snow, Orson Hyde, Orson Pratt, Sidney Rigdonjohn Taylor, the Prophet Joseph.the that of all men denying to all women toa Mansion House, the Nauvoo House, and voice in the laws they are compelled Elizabeth Cady Stanton. many other places. The White house, the obey. October 20, 1902. oldest building in the place is still standing V qtnan' S'Journal and occupied. Win. taw's home has only " i There is no heart in me. Beloved, let them cry ! Be glad that they Can never sound our sea. ' v ' J: Charles Hanson Towne. . EXPONENT. , things that, never die. ; , ; , v ., " . ; , v .'. ' " The pure, the bright, the beautiful, That stirred, our hearts in youth, The impulses of wordless prayer, The dreams of love and truth; The longings after something lost, The spirit's yearning cry, The striving after better hopes . - ;" ' . - These things can never die. . The timid hand stretched forth to aid ; A brother in his need. " ' ' A kindly word in grief's dark hour ; : , That proves a friend indeed; ,, The plea for mercy softly breathed. When justice threatens nigh, The sorrow of a contrite heart These things shall never die. iThe memory of a clasping hand, . The pressure of a kiss, And all the trifles sweet and frail, , I nat make up love s hrst bliss; with a firm, unchanging faith, If :,: - And holy trust and hie h, ; .. Those hands have clasped, those lips have ' met ,; .These things shall never die. cruel and the bitter word. .;." j ,The That wounded as it fell; The chilling want of sympathy -- . . - , : ; . w a too ntir noiTor to : , 'i ... . i i The hard repulse that chills the heart ! Whose hopes were bounding high, f ' In an unfading; record kept , These things shall never die. Let nothing pass, for every hand . ' t Must find some work to do; ;Lose not a chance to waken love Be firm and just and true, So shall light that cannot fade Beam on thee from on high, , , ' ' ".; And angel voices say to thee fl i A fTlinrrc TVnac. ': '."' .Jl -' ' cfioll npvpr :' "', ' Charles Dickens. m INTERESTING LETTERS FROM NAUVOO. ' i itiT" ; Nauvoo, Nov. 6, 1902. Mrs. Emma S. Woodruff; Dear Mother: This has been a most interesting day for Asahel and myself. The The day .has been sunny, .and beautiful. roses anu many crysaninemums, some iew other beautiful flowers are still untouched by the frost, lending their assistance in We making the landscape almost perfect. visited a great number of the former homes of the Saints, including father's, Uncle Smoot's and' the1 lot where your house stood, President Joseph Smith's, President Young's, President Taylor's, President Snow's Heber C. Kimball's and many others. We also visited the Temple block, where you. used to take grandfather's dinner to him when he was at work on the We walked through the lane Temple: south of where you used to live, and fancied y we could see you tripping along-- ' that same Jane before the cares s light-heartedl- . - . Tax-payia- . . . x - ! . 