WOMAN'S m. Singing, "Do what is right." Benediction, Bishop Fjelsted. Afternoon session opened by singing, "Stould you feel inclined to censure " Prayer by Sister Mary L,. Peterson. Singing, "O, ye mountains high." "A Word of Greeting," by Lorenzo Snow, was read by the secretary. A letter written by Sister Emmeline B. Wells relative to the Relief Society building was read y Sister Helena Madsen, after which Counselor Abagail Shoemaker addressed the conference. Said that we as members of the Relief Society should feel determined to assist in this great work. When the Lord blesses us with means we should feel willing to give a portion thereof fpr the establishment of righteousness in the earth. Exhorted all present to not fail in contributing to the Relief "Let us strive to instil Society fund. faith into the hearts of our children. If we live lives of purity our prayers will be answered." Spoke of the necessity of storing grain. Counselor Jane Bench felt to endorse all that had been said. Spoke of the benefits to be derived from attending the Relief Said she felt these Society meetings. conferences were productive of much good and expressed herself as being delighted with the contemplated Woman's Building. Regarded it as an individual duty to assist in its erection. "Let us strive to do all that we can." Treasurer Mary T. Peterson hoped we would profit by the instructions given. "Let us feel encouraged in the project before us, in assisting in the erection of the Woman's Building. Let us consider this a great privilege." Said she had quite recently visited her native land. Felt great sympathy for the Elders abroad Prayed we might preaching the Gospel.' be sincere in all our undertakings. Sister Lydia D. Alder then addressed the conference. "It is on account of the mission of Joseph Smith that we have been assembled together today." Sister Alder said she had just returned from a Those inexperienced European mission. in missionary work fail to fully comprehend the difficulties and perplexities that Notmissionaries have to contend with. withstanding their trills the Spirit of God enables the missionaries to carry on their The speaker had work successfully. visited three thousand homes while upon her mission, and related some very interesting and pleasing incidents connected the Outlined therewith. proposed Woman's Building and said we should endeavor' to support the calls made from time to time, and even be willing to place Concluded all upon the altar of sacrifice. her remarks by bearing a strong testimony to the truth of the Gospel. President Alvira Cox made appropriate closing remarks after which conference adjourned for six months, to be held in Manti. Singing, "We thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet." Benediction by Giles Embley. p. Etta Anderson. LADIES' Sec. MEETING. SEMI-MONTHL- Y The Ladies' Meeting was held in the 14th ward hall, September 26, 1 901, at 2 o'clock, President M. I. Home Semi-Monthl- y presiding. Meeting opened by singing "O Jesus, the Giver." EXPONENT Prayer by Sister J. S. Song, "How will the Saints Ml." Minutes read and approved. President Home felt we would be blessed though we are few in number, said those who come together are fed and blessed by the Spirit of God. Felt the more we talk and read of spiritual things, the more we have of the Spirit of God. We find this in reading the Book of Mormon. Recommended all to read the Doctrine and Covenants as this is his word to us today. Every blessing is comprised in the Gospel, both spiritual and temporal. Said she had recently attended a Relief Society conference at Nephi where a good spirit prevailed. Sister B. W. Smith said she always liked to be encouraged and not scolded, that she liked to associate with the cream of the earm and she felt she found them here that she was sure Sister Zina was happy where she is, that she could not shed a tear except for the loss of her society. Wcolley. rejoice to "Let us prove by our works our sincerity to God." Sister Brown spoke of the pleasure she had in meeting here in the 14th Ward. Felt there were thousands of good sisters, but wondered why more did not attend more faithfully to their duties. The congregation sang, 'May we who know the joyful sound." Sister Barrow felt this is the true Gospel. She wished to set a good example before her people. Felt if we call upon the Elders in faith we will always receive a blessing at their hands. Sister Southern said she wished to be a Latter day Saint. Sister Matison bore her testimony. The congregation sang "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah." Sister Palmer felt we will be blessed if we live according to the testimonies we bear, and that it is a great responsibility we have. Sisters Brooks and Moody bore their testimonies, felt the hand of the Lord had been over them for good all their lives, they received many blessings every day. Felt we should have faith in the Lord when we are sick and he will heal us. Two other sisters bore testimonies and said we must remember our actions and words are watched by angels, that the testimony we bear on earth we must meet in heaven. Suster Mary Morris said the Lord blesses us as we bless others. Sister Barnes considered these meetings Sister Stevenson spoke of the as a school. temptations that are around us, and we Said "Let us should be indeed careful. wisdom in setting exert ourselves to have of counsel to examples and giving words our young people. Spoke of the beautiful spirit that reigns in Orderville, (where she had just visited) of the love that prevails Said she knew that President there. Snow was a prophet of God. She had visited Cassia Stake since our last meeting and the sisters there were filled with love for one another. Sister Paul felt to acknowledge the hand of the Lord in answering her prayers in her grandson's conversion to the truth and Said Sister Zina gave many other things. her such a blessing that she had never received from any other mortal. A sister from Orderville bore her testiSaid she had come to Salt Lake mony. 7i City to work in the Temple, that she always loved to live in the order that was preached there many years. President Home spoke for a few minutes on the power that is given to Satan, that the very elect will be almost deceived. Said we should always be led by the whisperings of the Spirit. The Lord gives us blessings as we seek for them. Meeting adjourned for four weeks. Singing, Doxology. Benediction by Lydia D. Alder. L. D. Alder, Sec. pro tern. UTAH WOMAN'S PRESS CLUB. FIRST DECADE OP ITS ORGANIZATION. The Young Woman 's Journal, a monthly magazine, was started in the interest of the young women of the Territory, in October 1889, with Susa Young Gates as editor. Lucy A. Clark, one of the charter members of the Press Club, was for two or three years editor of the Fannington Flashlight. Others are doing a good work on the same lines who are not named, their labors not having been specially mentioned. Among Utah's best poets is Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, who has written much that has the true poetic fire and spirit. Among those first mentioned is Lula Greene Richards, first editor of the Exponent. She was married the next year after its publication to L. W. RichSoon after Miss Cornelia S. Home ards. was made business manager of the paper. Mrs. Richards' home duties increased, and several of the contributors of the paper offered assistance, among them was Mrs. E B. Wells. In May, 1875, Mrs. Wells assumed Later Miss regular duty in the office. Home resigned her position for a higher one in a home of her own. In July, 1877, Mrs. Richards vacated the editorial chair in favor of Mrs. Wells. One of our best prose and poetical writers is Augusta Joyce Crocheron, who has published three She books, one of them a book of poems. is very happy in her descriptions of every day happenings. She is especially good in essays, stories, either long or short, and has written various articles as well as biograShe also excels where phical sketches is and elegant expression. thought required Lu Dalton and Mrs. M. A. Y. Greenhalgh, (the last named is an Englishwoman, and an extensive traveler in foreign countries) are forcible and interesting writers. Emily H. Woodmansee is one of the most gifted and inspirational poets of Utah. Ruby Lamont and Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson (the doctor was educated in Cambridge Eng.) especially bright and gifted, Helen Mar Whitney and Lulu Greene Richards are poets, and both are classed among the spiritual and inspiring writers, their views in all their writings being decidedly religious. Susa Young Gates is spoken of as a most prolific writer. Among the younger writers, who give promise of future excellence, are Annie Wells Cannon (Camilla) who has traveled She has in Germany and Switzerland. realistic and written graphic descriptions of abroad. while her experiences Miss Josephine Spencer is a poet and certainly excels in description; is good at stories, and has won several prizes. Lillie T. Freeze and Julia P. M. Farnsworth deserve mention as treating their subjects 