WOMAN'S 72 EXPONENT. Helling and Laura Hyde were received as members. A letter was read from Nevada V. Davis, a member who is now in the East, engaged on the New York Herald. At the Annual meeting this year the ladies impersonated famous people of the On past, either writers or characters. B. Mrs. E. motion of Miss Ada Patterson Wells was made Honorary President of the club for life. Carried. At the December meeting Hon. Phoebe Cousins, of St. Louis, gave a very interesting lecture on Woman's Rights, also spoke on the late silver trouble in Colorado. At the January meeting, 1895, the Conwere read by the stitution and by-lawas read Then each secretary. were A few changes made, separately. but practically they remained as before. Hattie B. Harker and Rebecca H. Doolan were received as members. At the March meeting, by previous arrangement, bcth the U. W. P. C. and the Reapers' club met at the residence of Dr. E. R. Shipp, to greet Mrs. Wells on her return from the Council of Women, also Dr. E. R. Shipp, who accompanied The Council was held in Washingher. D. ton, C, Utah had been well A paper on the Sixth Sense, by Sarah M. Kimball had been read, also one on "Heredity," by Dr, Shipp, and "Forty Years in the Vallev of the Salt Lake," by Mrs. E. B. Wells. At the April meeting the two clubs united in giving a reception to the officers of the Utah Federation of Woman's Clubs. There were present Mrs. Corinne Allen, president; Mrs. McVicker, secretary; Mrs. Georgie Webber, treasurer; Mrs Ferdinand Fabian and Miss Mary Teasdale. Mrs. H. S. Young, who had proffered the use of her home, was a very entertainThe affair was in every way ing hostess. a pleasant one and the evening was agreeably spent. Mrs. Lizzie Stevenson Wilcox was selected from the Press Club and gave "Women in Journalism," at the annual meeting of the Federation of Clubs held in Ogden, May 28. The question of a double- - money standard for America was taken up and discussed. In the debate the affirmative won. The November meeting, after a short program had been rendered, was, by suspension of the rules, turned into a reception to the Misses Chase of Boston, who were present on the occasion. Mrs. Zina D. H. Young and Mrs. E. B. WTellsmade speeches of welcome, and the guests of honor spoke at some length upon their travels through the old and new world, from the snowy Alps to me orange groves ot California; from the plains of California to the volcanoes of Honolulu, depicting many interesting things and sights in eloquent language, then paying a glowing tribute to glories of Salt Lake valley, with its charmsunsets and. ing mountains, . tion." to the grandeur of the equal, said, they At the July meeting Mesdames J. B. Alps. Lawler, Isabella Cameron Brown, Emma ( Continued. ) extremely well. Mary A. Freeze and Lucy A. Clark have both written poems of merit and are good descriptive writers, also lofty and religious. Julia I. McDonald is an unusually genial writer, and much is ex pected of her in the future. Flora L. Shipp Sarah is gitted as an imaginative wiiter. E. Russell has contributed largely to our home magizines. Mary Ellen Kimball, Wilmerth East and Mary A. House are logical, religious and patriotic writers. There are many others, who cannot be centioned ia this short article, but we must mention Dr. Romania B. Pratt, who writes not only scientific articles, but those that require comprehensive thought. Dr. M. Hughes Cannon, B. S., is a gifted Utah writer, especially in lofty themes, as well as happy in description. Ellen Lee Jakeman has worked at typesetting, publishing and writing articles on almost all subjects. Ste is a correspondent for papers and magazines in Salt Lake as well as Eastern and Western papers. Mattie H. Tingey, Gladys Woodman-see- , Alice E. Home, Lizzie H. Shipp, Emma Ellerbeck, Emily Clowes, Isabel Sears, Sophy Valentine, Aretta Young, Vina H. Tingey, Minnie J. Snow, Mai y A. Farnsworth and Zina S. Whitney represent a large number of young women of whom much is expected in the future. The outlook for literary work among women is encouraging, and it is thought that the West will be equal with, if it does not excel the Ease in progress and advancement towards the higher education and development of mankind. At the meeting held November 29, Mrs. Nellie C. Taylor, and Mrs. Elizabeth Stevenson were admitted to the club as members. At the meeting held March 16, 1894, Mrs. H. A. Badger, Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, Miss JMaude Pratt, Miss Pearl Russell, Miss Olea Shipp, of Salt Lake, and Mrs. Fannie Stewart, of Pleasant Grove, were voted in as meinbers. At the April meeting the name of Mrs. A. E. Bennion appears, she having given a lecture on the "Will." The June meeting was by vote, with the exception of the musical selection, turned into an informal reception to the Countess Wachuieister and Mrs. Egbeit Roberts, who accompanied her, the ladies desiring an address from the guest of the evening. The Countess preferred the members to ask questions so that she might give the information thus elicited. She was very obliging and explained her views on Theosophy very clearly. Several of the ladies availed themselves of this opportunity to learn something of a religion comparatively new in the West, but old as heathen philosophy in the East. "Theosophy," the countess said, "is a grand brotherhood; all religions contain some of its principles It has no organiza- R. K. by-la- w 71 whether in our own or in foreign countries, are hereby officially notified to carefully prepare correct statistical and financial reports for the current year from January These 1, 1901, to December 31, 1901. forwarded to must be the General reports Secretary, at the office of the Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City, Utah, early in February, if possible, so that a complete report of this great organization may be ready at least ten days before the General Conference in April, 1902. Address, Emmeline B. Wells, General Secretary. Save Your Money ! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank n Utah. Since the establishment of the bank have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. we The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said . interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. Lorenzo Snow, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier Nos. -5 Main Street. The Most Convenient Local Train Service in the State is given by ..... the Oregon Shorf Line Railroad PI VP Fast Lili Daily Trains Each Way between Salt Lake City and Ogden. ..... . snow-cappe- d Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solickyour patronage. much as possible for you money. NOTICE. The Stake Secretaries of the Relief Society and the Secretary of each mission or branch not yet included in a Stake, d. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, OFFICIAL - We aim to give you as '""""'"TR Y US Se that your tickets read via the "SHORT LINE" And Get the best CITY TICKET OFFICE for tickets to all points, 100 West Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. S. W. Eccles, Gen Tfc D. E. Mgr. Burley, G. P. & T. 