WOMAN'S EXPONENT. us, also the other brethren, had enjoyed the instruction given to us by them. Sister Green felt proud to be connected to the Relief Society, many of the poor had been benefited and a good work had been done. Said it is a work of love, a grand and glorious vork. "I love it and if my sisters would come out and join us they would enjoy themselves, we can all find time for pleasure, we can find time to attend these meetings and thus gain a of the importance of fulfilling all the quirements made of us by the Gospel. Maria NEBO R. S. REPORTS. BENSON STAKE. The first Relief Society conference of the Benson Stake of Zion was held in the beautiful Relief Society building of Lewis-ton- , n, so Cor. Sec. STAKE. 1902. . January President Susan Grant was pleased to see many here. "We have so many things to be thankful lor, and I hope we will all live in a way that the Lord will continue to bless us. Dear sisters encourage singing among your children, for the Lord has said the songs of the heart are prayers unto Him. The Spirit of the Lord is with us today and we will have a good time May we have the Spirit to be with us at all re- The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of the Nebo Stake of Zipn met in the Tabernacle at ten a. m., February 14, blessing." Singing, "Our God we raise to Thee." Benediction by Brother Thomas Green. A sumptuous dinner had been previously prepared. The committee on arrangements for dinner were Thomas Green and the young ladies of the Mutual Improvement The young ladies deserve Association. for their bright smiles and great praise, sweet faces added much to the enjoyment of the evening. Later in the evening the following prowas rendered: Recitation, V. gram Comic songs, David Fullmer. Pardue Recitation, Sybil Wetzel. Song, William Paidue. Male quartette. Song, Mamie Evans. Comic songs by Lillie Hunter and George Campbell. Selection, graphophoue, Albert Schoenfeld. Remarks by the Bishop. The evening's amusements ended in a social dance. Elizabeth W. Con die, Sec. 1902. After the usual opening exercises President Rebecca Rasvlins extended a greeting of welcome to all. Reports from the various wards were given, showing them to be in a good condition. Among the speakers of the forenoon were President Lucy Cardon, of Cache Stake, Counselor Annie T. Hyde of Salt Lake City, and Bishop William Waddoups. The main topics treated upon by Sister Hyde was the value of the association and the means for making the meetings interesting and instructive in temporal as well as spiritual things. Brother Waddoups spoke of the necessity of training and leading our children in the path of duty. Meeting was adjourned until two o'clock and during the intermission a delicious luncheon was served to all present and a very enjoyable time was spent. Meeting convened again at two o'clock. The principal speakers at this session were Sisters Done, Lucy Cardnn. Annie T. Hyde, Maud Roskelly, also Presidents Alma Merrill and Brigham Hendricks. Sister Done spoke of the greatness of the association and of the necessity of women being on an equality with their husbands in all that is noble. The remarks of Sister Hyde were mainly in regard to the Word of Wisdom and tithing, and of the designs of the Lord in the bringing of His people to these valleys. Sister Cardon spoke of the great good which could be accomplished among the poor and the sick. The remarks of Sister Roskelly were mainlv instructions to the secretaries. Presidents Merrill and Hendricks spoke Hottleballe, 95 President Lillie C. Page presided and the meeting opened by singing the hymn, times." "Come, come ye Saints." Sister Julia Farnsworth said, "I feel at Prayer by Brother Thomas Daniels. Singing, "Our home when we have the Gospel. We all God we raise to Thee." Minutes read and have the same great aim in view and are with one correction made accepted. united. I think the work of the Relief President Lillie C. Page spoke of the Society is the grandest in the world. The meeting to be held on the 17th of March women of the world did not make much and urged all to make it a day of enjoyprogress in their societies until Joseph ment and profit. Smith organized this one. It makes us A report from the president of each ward better women when we take an interest in was called for, and each responded with this work. We are more humble and more a very good showing, both spiritually and united with our husbands. Show me a Conference then adjourned, home wheie the father and mother are financially. after singing "Now let us rejoice," till two united, and I will show you a home that is attractive to the children. " p. m. Prayer by Brother David Lant. Spoke of the At two p. m. conference reassembled. mission of George Washington, he great firm a "How earned the title of Father of his foundation." Singing, truly S. Teach Prayer by Bishop J. Taylor. your children to be loyal Singing, Country. "Come let us anew." and patriotic citizens. Sister Price, of Goshen, spoke on the President Mary A. Page reported the of motherhood. She said in part: South Bountiful Siciety "We have a subject "We should ask the Lord to help rear our good band of sisters. Our teachers make children in the fear of the Lotd, and ever their visits once a month and are trying to I pray the bless-o- f keep a watchful care over them. Set good do what good they can. the Lord to be with us." examples and see that the children follow Counselor careful be about associates the Mary S. Clark: "I am pleased them, they with meet to It is necessary never and will you again. they go astray." keep Sister Pierce, of Salem, said she felt for us to meet together once in a while to weak and timid, but greatly blessed to be be spiritually fed, that we may be able to We cannot begin overcome the temptations we meet with. with the sisters today. too early to teach our children to be kind Teach your children the principles of the and thoughtful of the elderly people. Gospel and of the beautiful character o Let us have charity the Parents should interest their children at Prophet Joseph. do not who for those belong to our Church, home every evening by good books or by an set them example at all times and try to any instructive means." We should all the fold. into them Miss Stella McClellan then favored the draw be not the and to our tongues audience with the song, "Tell Me," which try govern see in our we faults of the to first speak she sang beautifully. the Lord bless May Sister Mary A. Hallam, of Spanish Fork bre hren and sisters Third Ward, also spoke on the subject of us all." Counselor Jane Holt: "I am happy inmotherhood. She said: "Every sister is all once more. I willing to become a wife, but many refuse deed to meet with you been we have that feel thankful of permitted motherhood. we condition If the holy live rightly, according to our Father's to come forth in this dispensation to help Remember the Lord word, we will not hesitate to have families in this great work. for His Spirit to be often Him on call and and by having the spirit of the Gospel we our children. So much in us with teaching will instruct them in it. Be your childrens' the mothers and they of this depends upon best friend, get their confidence and they The assistance need the all they can get. will love and honor you all the days of to is serve Saint of Latterday every object your life." the Lord and keep His commandments. I Counselor E- J. Dixon felt greatly beneat fited by what had been said and urged the ask the Lord to bless us with His Spirit times." all sisters to donate fo the Woman's Building. President Jane Pack reported the society President J. S. Page said he had enjoyed We have of the West Bountiful Ward. the conference, and answered some questhe and Spirit of the enjoy tions referring to the duties of the sisters. good sisters We ail trying are Conference adjourned. Singing, "Praise Lord in our meetings. " we can. God from whom all blessings flow." to do what gocd Centerville was reported by President Benediction by Brother Smith. Elzina Tingey. "Our sisters are united Mary F. Brown, Sec. and are doing the best they can in taking DAVIS STAKE. care of the poor. May we all have the SociRelief Stake Davis of the Spirit of the Lord to be with us."' Minutes President Nancy Willey reported the at East held Bountiful, ety conference, Bountiful society: "We have a large East Grant Susan Tanuary 30, 1902, President society and our meetings are usually well presiding. Our teachers are united and attended. us let Meeting opened by singing, "Now do to their May the blessrejoice." Prayer by Patriarch Judson tryingof the Lord beduty. with us." ten ings Tolman. Singing, "Earth with her Conference adjourned until two o'clock. thousand flowers." Minutes of previous God we raise to Thee." morning session were read and approved; Singing, "Our D. O. Willey. Brother the annual report was also read and Prayer by commenced by sing. session Afternoon accepted. - - . , t 