WOMAN'S EXPONENT The Introduction A. and popularly well Annie is by Adams, now a resident of in known Utah, though In she York New City. closing says: "I recommend this book to every seeker after knowledge of the stage, and to every student of character, be he such a seeker or of the April Conference "Patterson-Bateman.- " not." The opening is with a singularly beauti"Life," by Victory Bate-ma- ful poem called n. The contents are "The Story of a Friendship," "Autobiography of an Actress,"" "The Passing of the "Leading Lady,' "Her One Superstition," Grimston's School of Acting," "A Triumph of Temperament," "He Married an Actress," "The Understudy," "Heard at the Manager's Club," "An Early Jump," "Three Friends." After a cursory perusal of the book one feels how much temptation lies in the way of those who make the stage a profession. There are many passages of striking merit in the sketches, and truths portrayed that touch the heart with strong emotions of The tenderness and sweet sympathy. mother who reads the pages would almost invariably say, "The stage is not for my daughter or my child," son or daughter. There is a great deal of character study in the work, it is a book to make one think deeply. It might easily be called a psychological srudy, and we cannot help repeating There is here, it is indeed a work of art. is uncommon there of meaning, great depth talent and such tact displayed in making a harmonious whole as one seldom finds in a book of short stories. The language is delicate and reCned and one need not be afraid to trust the reading of it to an innocent, inexperienced girl; in fact the book is good enough, in language and sentiment, and sufficiently beautiful in outward appearance to be placed on the drawing room table in any home, be it cottage or palatial mansion. These young ladies who have made a first venture into the world of books are to be congratulated on the merits of their literarj work, and let us hope the financial results will be as satisfactory as the literary and artistic work is genuine. RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE The General Relief Society Conference was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, in this city, commencing at 2 p. m. on a Tuesday, October 7, 1902, President W. Smith presiding. Counselors Annie T. Hyde and Ida Smoot Dusenberry, Secretary Emmeline B. Wells and Treasurer Clarissa S. Williams were on the stand, also President Jane S. Richards of Weber Stake, President M. I. Home of Salt Lake Stake, and her counselor, Sarah Jenne Cannon, President Susan Grant of Davis Stake, and many other presidents and representatives of Stakes and a number of prominent sisters occupied seats on the platform. Meeting opened by members of the Temple choir singing "Our God we raise to Thee," Prof. C. J. Thomas leader. Prayer was offered by Sister Susan Grant. Singall of the God my trio, ing, spring "My were Officers All General the presjoys." ent and thirteen meirbers of the General Stakes responded to roll Board, forty-thre- e call, Brief minutes of the rooming session Bath-sheb- j 37 were read and , approved. President Bathsheba W. Smith gave the opening address, said she was delighted to see so many assembled in conference; felt she would like to know all the presidents in the Stakes and in the wards, but could not visit much on account of time, because her calling was in the Temple; she had been associated in that work ever since she was a young girl, as it were, in this and other Temples. "I want to bear testimony to you that Joseph Smith introduced the endowments, he taught us these things and I received the ordinances during his lifetime in Nauvoo. I attended every meeting afterwards as long as he lived; the same ordinances were given in the Nauvoo Temple after the death of Joseph the Prophet. I had the privilege of administering there, and for many years in the Endowment House in this city and in other Temples here, and in this Temple now nearly ten years, and that seems to be my calling, and therefore I cannot visit very much among the sisters, as this is more my work than anything else. We have had a conference and many great and good grand teachings, and nothing has struck me more forcibly than the converting of the Indians. I have gi eat sympathy for them; I let my only son go to preach life and salvation to them and he lost his life; and I believe he is preaching to them yet in the spirit w7orld; I oiten think about Moroni, he brought the Book of Mormon, and if we could see him, he would like to have us do a work for his people. I feel this and I love to hear of the labor among that people." President Smith told the sisters that forty-tw- o Stakes had been visited since last conference; she wished the sisters to be united, to take care of the sick and the needy and to attend to all the duties of the. society; and she wished them to subscribe i r the Exponent and to help it along and to read it, she had always done so; and she asked "the blessing of the Lord upon the Relief Society and all engaged in the good work of redemption. Amen." . The treasurer then read the report of money on hand for the Building and also all money donated from the sevcal Stakes for membership, and expenditures for and other purexpenses traveling The of use the for the society. poses and received treasurer's report was approved. The Stakes were called and report das follows: Alberta, by First Counselor Rhoda Hin-mawho made a good report and mentioned the fact that the Stake had recently been divided; she rejoiced in having this opportunity to speak for the people of Canada. Miss Amelia Carling, missionary from the Northwestern States mission, spoke for the branch of the Relief Society in Kansas City, which had nineteen members. The past year the sisters had by work made $122,25, had spent part of it; she felt proud to be connected with the society. About a year ago Sisters S. J. Cannon and A. T. Hyde had paid a visit to the Relief Society branches in that mission and had done a great deal of good. Sister Minnie K. Robinson reported the Relief Society branches in the California mission; in Sacramento there was a fine society, in San Francisco they were wide awake; at first they had an idea they n, must not do anything but work; thought the sisters appreciated the meetings of the society more than we do in Zion, in Los Angelos the society is in working order now, and in San Bernardino the meetings have been discontinued, but may be resumed again when there are more members in the Church. Her report was very satisfactory. Chicago was reported by Sister Charlotte Estherbloom, first counselor in the Society before coming to Salt Lake, said among the two or three hundred members in the Church there were many poor people that had to be helped, and the society also helped the Elders, she felt that they had been blest. Every fall they had a bazar and took in two or three hundred dollars, all the sisters were interested in the work, they were united in peace and harmony. Sister Lucy B. Young represented the branches of the society in Germany, one in Hamburg, one in Stettin and one in Berlin She had been appointed to preside over them but could not speak much to them in their native tongue. Brother Loyd Woodruff interpreted for her, and other Elders. She urged the mothers to have their boys know something concerning Relief Scciety work, so that when upon missions they would be able to render assistance to these Comorganizations out in the world. mended Sister Jane S. Richards for having taken her boys to the sisters' meetings. Sister Young spoke highly of the German sisters and their loyalty to the work of the Lord and said how anxious they were to learn, and become intelligent. Counselor Annie T. Hyde reported Union Stake, as there was no representative present and she had recently visited the conference in La Grande, Oregon, June 14. Said it was a most beautiful country, they did not have to irrigate the land, it was wonderfully easy to raise their grain, etc. The Saints there were trying to set a good example, and they had a fine society, a strong president, who had been in the Relief Society work previously in Nephi, and she seemed very capable and energetic; thought they were likely to make rapid improvement. Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenberry reported the branch of the society in New York, there the younger girls seemed to take quite an active part in the society, after the testimony meeting, they have a program and invite others to come in; they have a number of strangers in their meeting who seem interested and there is a united feeling, hoped the Lord would bless them in this work. Fremont Stake reported by First Counselor Elizabeth Atkinson, who said: "I live where we have babies in our meetings and when we have them I believe we have She gave an excellent report, angels." particularly concerning the grain. was reported by Counselor Juab Letitia Teasdale, said it bad only been two months organized, but the officers had visited every branch, except one, and found "We are united them in good condition. with our Bishops and the presiding brethren, and young and old are trying to do all they can towards the accomplishment of the Lord's work. We have spoken about the saving of grain, and feel that a greater interest is being awakened in this and other important things. Sister Annie C. Layton responded to the call for St. Joseph Stake, said the president St-ik- 