WOMAN'S EXPONENT. MOUNT HOOD. F.I.I. IS R SHIPI Near where the famous eld Columbia flows, Enclothed for aye in everlasting snows Stands rugged old Mount Hood, with towering peak. Where morning sunbeams now play hide and seek. Golden rays reflecting myriad colored light, More bright than stars or diamonds glint at night. On craggy cliffs, or fathomless ravine, Not man. but thou, Oh Sun with light serene. Can penetrate, and delve, and then return again Yet tellest not wh t thou hast seen to men. ! ? Thou icy Hood "What freak hath placed you here So high, so rough, so bleak, so cold and drear; With crevice, gulch, and rugged steep on high; With dizzy height beyond the human eye, With shelving rocks and dangerous abyss, With instant death if feet should go amiss Was it to tempt the vain and venturous mind At thy tall summit, laurels bright to find ? To make for poet's pens unending theme ? Or, better still, show power of One Supreme ! ! . ' art king of glaciers round about, Though other Mounts have ermine banners out. While "Lost Lake" too. so quiet and alone. Hath hid herself beyond thy towering throne. In majesty thou reignest monarch here, Above the clouds into the sky so clear Thy towers and spires and pinnacles retreat. Thou seemest to bring the moon low at thy feet, Art thou, like me, ambitious, too to gain A dwelling place, in heaven's vast domain' Ah, thou Mount Hood, Oregon, July, 1901. UTAH WOMAN'S PRESS CLUB. FIRST DECADE OF ITS ORGANIZATION, October 17a business meeting was held. Arrangements for the annual meeting were made. September. Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, an honorary member, died. BIOGRAPHICAL. Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells, the founder of the club its president for four years and honorary president foi life, was born in New England, February 29, 1828, at Petersham, Worcester County, Mass. Mrs. Wells' forefathers were of pure English extraction on both her father's and mother's side. Some of them fought in the revolution, others in the war of 181 2, and some of her brothers and relatives in the Civil War. In November, 1841, the subject of our sketch heard the Gospel tidings, and was baptized on March, 1, 1842, which changed the whole current of her life, causing her to leave the green New England hills for a horn- - in the West, and finally reaching the Sal. Lake valley, then a desert. Teaching for a livelihood ocof some her earlier years, after the cupied was established. commonwealth present The gift of song and poesy was more fully developed as the necessity for that struggle diminished. Before she became editor of the Exponent many articles from her pen apShe has also pubpeared in its columns. lished a book of poems, "Musings and many gems of Memories," containing and inspiration. thought A book of stories she has also contributed for the edification of many readers, and the ennobling of her own sex, as well as all the children of God. Susa Y. Gates is still in the lead of thought and is a bright, intelligent writer; forcible, poetic and richly imaginative and will yet come out in still deeper characters, the name and fame she has achieved. Romania B. Pratt still wields the pen, more perhaps in the cause of science than formerly, but devotes time to literary fields, wherein she is no stranger. Ellis R. Shipp still charms us with her sweet poetry which touches the heait softly, tenderly, like ripples on a placid lake. Heart throbs often born of inspiration are clearly discerned in her writings, which flow frequently from her pen. L L.Greene Richards while r.ot being so closely associated with us as formerly, is still working in the field of literature and often a poem of rare merit or an article of piety and discipline appears over her name. Julia A. McDonald has passed away loved and regretted. Lucy A. Clark is still active in literary pursuits, her powers of thought and expression have deepened and strengthened with the years. Ruth M. Fox has bloomed from a bud of promise to the flower of mature thought, embellished by a flight of imagination that is truly wonderful. She has grown in sweetness and experience and is one of the busiest women of the Press Club staff. And what shall we say of others more or less gifted, laboring along in our ranks? Of these, Mrs. Aurelia S. Rogers, has just published a book, Miss Bertha Anderson a book of poems and Mrs. L. D. Alder a booklet descriptive of sunny California and the visit of the Mormon Tabernacle choir to that land of flowers and gold. Miss Josephine Spencer, who published "The Senator from Utah," is engaged on the Deseret News staff yet finds time to write some charming things, other books are in contemplation, may they soon gladden the eyes of the Press Club as well as their friends. Still all the beautiful things have not been written, the world of thought opens wider and wider as we advance step by step and behold the wonders contained therein. Then my comrades of that world press on ar.d on, brighter grows the way, companions, crowding to us on all sides the road is onward and upward that leads to our Father God, the fount of all knowledge, inspiration, immortality and eternal life. Come Inspiration, flame divine, My thoughts attune, thy fervor lend, Unveil the past, o'er the future shine. Ah Memory come, be thou my friend. World of thought, thy bounds unknown Intensify with kindled fire, All who advance toward thy throne, Thy crown bestow, grant their desire. Lydia D. Alder. ! HINTS TO HOUSEKEEPERS. how to make a mattress Can any one lie down at night on a clean comfortable bed without a feeling of thank-- ' fulness ? Where a family is large and money is scarce it is a question how to provide so If you buy cheap mattresses many beds old clothes and not alfilled with are they ways clean ones, and the writer has even seen pieces ol old shoes, cut fine, emptied out with the other rubbish with which the Here is a good way to bed was filled. make a new mattress out of old things. Bring together all old quilts (better if they are stuffed with wool batting) too old to be longer repaired; cut them into several strips, that they may the more easily ba washed. Wash them clean. Have ready 35 a good, strong covering, which if you are fortunate enough you may buy for a nickle a yard, if you can find some strong yellow or pink duck, as I did, which, on account of its color was almost unsaleable. Make this cover four and a half yards long, and two strips and a half wide, if the goods is twenty-seveinches wide. Lay your old of on one half of the pieces quilts smoothly and off all woolen cast outside, old, clothes, which are not good for any other purpose, after your patchwork and carpet rags have all been taken out, old woolen stockings, fascinators, men's clothing washed clean, etc., pile them up smoothly until quite thick, then bring the other half of the outside over them, baste along the sides and end, take a sacking needle and strong twine and tie closely together. If you wish you can cover this with a loose covering not tied down, but only sewed together. This top cover can easily be removed and washed and will save the trouble ol" taking the mattress to pieces to cleanse it. A quilt of fine chute factory and two or three pounds of batting makes a good covering for feather beds, where one has small children, and can easily be washed and even boiled. n TO CURE SUMMER COMPLAINT. When I read of a child dying of summer complaint or dysentery, I always think that its life might have been spared. In the first place, keep the babies clean, and do not overfeed them, neither let them get too hungry. Wash and boil all diapers and rinse them carefully, not using too much bluing, if any; hang in the sun if possible. If with all all your care they are sick, here is a receipt with which hundreds of children have been cured when all eke has failed. Take a handful of garden sage, the same of rasberry leaves, half an ounce of rhubarb, as much anise seed as rhubarb, a of ginger, one of bayberry bark, a half teaspoonful of golden seal, one of magnesia, steep all together slowly, not boiling, but simmering. The water should be boiling hard when you pour it on. After simmering for one hour in a pint of water, strain into a quart or larger vessel with one teaspoonful of cream of tartar and half as much soda, stir, let it thoroughly ferment until it quits bubbling and settles. If there is a scum rises, skim it off until it is clear, drain off carefully or strain again, add enough sugar to make a good syrup, boil gently until a little thick. When it is cold add enough peppermint, to give a pleasant flavor. Most children can take this when they cannot take the rhubarb fixed any other way. The soda removes the unpleasant odor and taste, and some children like it. Put it in a bottle and keep corked tight, when not in use, and keep in a cool place Make it often as it and dark if you can. If easily molds and is better fresh made. child or adult has dysentery, give to a small child a half or whole teaspoonful every hour, when awake, but never awaken anyTo a grown one to give them medicine. hour. It a every person give teaspoonful is good for feeble old people, for babies and anyone who has a weak stomach, and has cured indigestion and dyspepsia when taken If teething ch ldren regularly for awhile. have summer complaint put a soft flannel band around their bowels. Your loving auntie, tea-spoonf- ul B. R. 