WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the auspices of our society, with Sister Susa Young Gates, who intends remaining in New York City for some time, for the The class has had two lessons. teacher. each on Faith. The class will meet nnrp n week, every Thursday, fourteen attended last weeK. 1 ne class is open tor names, whether society members or not. B. S. IN MEMORIAM. JULIA S MCKEE. November 24, 1901, at the home of her daughter, Tryphena Bryson, at Woodruff, Utah, after being confined to her bed for five years from the effects of a stroke that prevented her from raising her body, but she suffered very little until the last two weeks. All that loving hands could do was done for her until she passed away, her daughter never tiring in trying to make her life comfortable through all the years she could not help herself. Aunt Phena, as she was called by her friends, was in her h year, but her mind was bright and clear and her countenance as noble as only a daughter of Zion's can be, she was affected eighty-sevent- The grim reaper, Death, visited our Relief L'ociety, November 12 of the present year and took from us our faithful and beloved first vice- - president, Julia Sophia Raymond McKee. She was ill several months with dropsy, but the strong will which enabled her to conquer many cumcuiues Kepi ner in ine iaitniui perrormance ot her duties until five weeks before her death. Only one week would she consent to have any assistance excepting from her granddaughter, Miss Pearl Then all that loving Riley, who lived with her. care could do was done to comfort her in her last She was cheerful to the last, her greatest hours. desire was not to be a burden. Sister McKee was born February 9, 1S31, at Hempstead, Long Island, N. Y She had an early religious training and records in her diary that in her seventh year, while returning from Sabbath School, she saw a stranger preaching to a crowd of people. As she drew- near to the crowd he prophesied that a disease would come among them that would cause the death of many of their children; and that shortly after this a strange doctrine would be introduced to them. No one knew from whence he came or where he went. When Julia was in her tenth year she saw the prediction fulfilled, the scarlet fever being the disease spoken of and the strange doctrine which followed was the Gospel as taught by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. Her parents embraced the same and she was baptized of her own accord when thirteen years of age by Elder Theodore Curtis. She moved with her parents to Nauvoo in 1845 and passed through the persecutions at that time without a word of complaint. She was married to Hugh McKee at Winter Quarters November He went away to work and during the 2, 1849. year of his absnce Julia's mother died and her father gave her the baby, Annie, which she raised as her own child. They arrived in Salt Lake City September 1, 1852, and cheerfully met and overcame the trials incident to that early day. Concerning the famine she says, "During the summer of 1856 I had very little bread, but the Lord caused weeds to grow in abundance where they had not grown before. We had more milk than we had other I know years and we lived on weeds and milk. the Lord blessed us in these valleys of the mountains. During all the time that we were without bread my children never asked for it, but ate such as wre had and were satisfied. Sister McKee was the mother of six children, one of whom died in infancy. She had forty-siof whom are living, and grandchildren, thirty-si- x eighteen great grandchildren, seventeen living. She has lived at South Cottonwood, Palmyra, Spanish Fork, Santaquin, Goshen and Huntington. She has assisted the poor and sick and cared for the dead since she was fourteen years old. She also labored for a long time as a teacher in the Sunday School and Relief Society, and also assisted in religion class work. For more than twelve years she has had charge of the sacrament dishes and furnished bread for the same, not once failing to have it ready at the proper time. She assisted her husband in caring for and disbursing the fast offerings under the direction of the Bishop, until her husband's death three years Since then she has had 'that responsibility ago. herself. For eleven years she was secretary in the Huntington Relief Society and was chosen last in the same, filling February as first these offices with the same zeal and integrity that has characterized her whole life. She was a good neighbor and despised gossip and scandal. We mourn her absence but rejoice in her rest, for we know she will receive the reward of the faithful. Mary E. Westover, - x vice-preside- nt MARY S. A FAITHFUL SISTER GONE. We are called upon to chronicle the death of our dearly beloved sister and mother, Sister Tryphena Fairchilds, who departed this life Fowler, Committee, in body only. The funeral took place November 26, the High Council of the Woodruff Stake being the pall bearers. The speakers were Elders William H. Lee, S. C. Putman, A. C. Call, President . M. Baxter, Bishop Peter McKinnon and William Longherst. All said she had fought the good fight and kept the faith, that her life had been an exemplary one. During the years she was confined to her bed she never complained, but always said she was ready to go when her heavenly Father saw fit to call her home. She was laid to rest on the hillside with some of her dear friends who had gone before. 1JIOGRAPHICAL. Tryphena Pomeroy Fairchilds was born June at Homer, Courtland Co., N. Y. She 2S, 1815, 103 the Relief Society. By two p. m., the hour appointed for commencing the exercises, between two and three hundred society workers were present to enjoy the literary program which had been previously arranged, consisting of songs, recitations, readings and music, interspersed with addresses by Presidents Anderson, Kimball, Patriarch Claridge and others. Counselor Adelia Curtis in a few well chosen words welcomed all present in her usual happy style, which resulted in every one feeling free and at ease. Counselor Mary L. Ransom gave a brief history of. the Relief Society of this Stake since its organization. President Kimball was instrumental in having a resolution adopted in which any member of the Relief Society of the St. Joseph Stake would work with untiring energy and zeal until they had enrolled one member in the society for each family in the Stake. After the rendition of the program, a sumptuous luncheon, which had been prepared by the good sisters was served while all enjoyed themselves chatting, receiving old acquaintances and forming new ones. In the evening a goodly number participated in a dancing party which proved a officers of lived with her parents, Charles and Polly PomerShe then financial as well as a social success. married William Lewis, by whom she had two Sarah Webb, Sec, He only lived four years after they children. were married and a few months after the father's death the little boy died. Now she was left alone KANSAS CITY CONFERENCE. with her baby girl, she had no home and had to a was farmer father Her for her work living. Minutes in brief of the Relief Society and had taught her to spin flax and wool and she also learned to braid palm leaf hats. She lived a of Kansas City, Jackson Co., Missouri, widow for seven years, then she married John which was held September 27, 1902, in the Fairchilds. a widower with a family nearly all 1 hall at 107 East 19th Street, with Presigrown, by whom she had two more children, a Services girl and a boy. She lived with this husband about dent Estella Milligan presiding. eight years, then they separated, the father taking began with singing, "Do what is right:" the boy. by Jas. G. Duffin, president of the She then went to visit her sister, Lucy Wood, Prayer States mission. Southwestern Singing, in Michigan, where she heard two Mormon misO for a thank God, "We doctrine Thee, the She prophet." sionaries preach. investigated President Estella Milligan made a few and embraced it, being baptized January 28, Her eldest 1858 by Elder Oscar Stodard. said she felt very glad herself appropriate remarks, there married wfs only being daughter of Utah, as Sister sisters the with meet to and daughter Tryphena, but her father and T. Hyde and her Annie Sarah lived J. Cannon, near, yet only mother, sisters and brother herself and daughter and sister Lucy and family daughter Jean were present, having come They with a few friends to visit the different branches of the society joined the Church. wanted to gather with the Saints in Utah, so by in the mission. working and saving for many months, she witn Sister Annie T. Hyde was then introthe rest started April 18th, 1859, in the company ox teams in duced. She spoke of the organization of of Tames S. Brown, traveling driving one herself most of the way. They arrived in the Relief Society by the Prophet Joseph at Salt Lake City, August 29, 1859. Nauvoo, Illinois, March 17, 1842, with She worked from one place to another for sever Sister Emma Smith as President. Gave al years, makjng clothes, spinning and weaving, made made the warp and instances in her own life of blessings re she spun the cotton and Lake until 1867, in Salt lived She City ceived by doing her duty in the Relief linsey. when her daughter was married to Samuel Bryson. work Gave statistics pertaining Thev lived in Bountiful until i87r, and then Society vth of the work, and said many to the school She Utah. gro taught moved to Woodruff, there for a few years. She was second counselor interesting and gratifying things, which in the Relief Society for years until circumstances were highly appreciated by all present. would not permit. She was always a friend to Sister Jean Hyde read the address deWhen dreaded diseases were the poor and sick. livered emu by President Lorenzo Snow to the airam tue wuuiu raging and otners werenever herself. of Relief of Society at Saltair, July 9, 1901. them, thinking take care After her strength was exhausted in that way and Amelia B. Carling, missionary Sister she was not able to stand hard work, she made from Orderville, Utah, bore a faithful testShe was quilts and Temple clothes for the sisters. emimony to the truthfulness of the Gospel. her very needle, pretty with making handy a She Was glad to have the privilege of defendpassed through broidery and patchwork. died and never but complained, trials great many ing God's work in the land of promise. Saint. as she had lived, a faithful Latter-da- y President Jas. G. Duffiin was the next Elizv Cook. oy until she was eighteen years of age. REUNION. The Relief Society of the St. Joseph Stake met in reunion Monday, March 17, House in Pima, iqo2, at the Werch Opera with President Elizabeth L&yton in charge. At one o'clock p. m. the members and invited guests began gathering at the hall, where they were received by the reception committee, which consisted of all the Stake He said he was very much speaker. pleased to have the sisters of Utah with us Spoke at some length encouraging the sisters in the work. Bore his testimony that the organization of the Relief Society was inspired of the Lord. Spoke of the Woman's Building at Salt Lake City and encouraged the sisters to contribute to the same. President Estella Milligan made a few closing remarks and the meeting closed by 