WOMAN'S EXPONENT 3 very important since the advent of the grasshoppers. Reported the visit of Stake officers to the several wards. Sister Carrie Erickson, secretary, by request explained some parts of the little book recently published, in regard to mother's meetings and the study of child nature. Annual report and Afternoon session. Fairview minutes read by the secretan . Tucker. Rebecca President reported by President TuJgreen, Spring City, spoke upon visiting the sick, etc., and Sister Simpson reported South Ward Mt. Pleasant All these sisters gave good accounts of the work and condition of the society. S'ster E J. Stevenson made a very able address, encouraging the sisters in their duties and making many excellent suggestions. Urged them to keep the Word of Wisdom, to take the Exponent, to remember the annual fee on March 17, entreated mothers to attend their meetings regularly and to keep the Spirit of the Lord for a guide in the family. nf- the- firstSister Phphp V . Rpatip snnlrp t of Relief the Society and the organization instructions given by the Prophet Joseph Referred to her mother's (Sister Smith. Zina) teaching upon these subjects, and of the example set in the days of Nauvoo. She also mentioned attending the National Council of Women and the good that had been done by affiliating with that great body of women. Sister Lydia Candland spoke upon the tendencies of summer excursions urged the mothers to be wise and not allow their daughters to go unaccompanied by older people. Sister Stevenson presented greetings to the sisters from Sisters B. W. Smith and E. B. Wells. Closing remarks by President Erickson and benediction by Brother Hardy. Carrie L Erickson, Sec. PANGUITCH. h The Relief Society conference of at held Stake, Panguitch, July 5, 1902, President Elizabeth DeLong presiding. Visitors present, Sisters E. J. Stevenson and M. A. Caine. "Wards reported, Circleville, Mrs. Sarah Morrill; Mimmotb, Sister Clive; Hillsdale, Sister Mary Johnson; President De Long reported the visits through the Stake. Sisters Caine and Stevenson each ad dressed the conference upon general subjects, the teaching of children, reading oi Church works and preparing ourselves to assist in spreading the Gospel. Sisters Barbara Myers, Alice J. Cameron and Hannah Crosby spoke a few minutes upon home duties, iieing our religion, etc President David Cameron encouraged the sisters in Relief Society work and in trying to learn more fully of the Gospel. Afternoon session. . President Mary B. Heywood reported Panguitch; Ellen Tra per, Junction. Sister E. J. Stevenson spoke quite at length on Temple work, also good housekeeping, and against following the fashions of the world, on the duties of teachers, and particularly dwelt upon mothers teaching their sons and daughters to be virtuous. Sister M. A. Caine spoke on the duties of women in the home and in the society; upon family life, respect for the visits of teachers, the storing of wheat and against Pan-guitc- running in debt; also in regard to cleanli- ness. Bishop James B. Heywood endorsed the remarks of the sisters, spoke against contracting debts and against young people marrying outside the Church. Benediction by Conference adjourned. Brother J. H. Riding. Margaret Haycock, Sec. ALPINE. The Relief Society conference of Alpine Stake was held at Pleasant Grove, July 11, 1902, President Rebecca Standring presidVisitors, Sister Annie Taylor Hyde, ing. first counselor to President Bathsheba W. Smith in the General Relief Society, and Sister Julia P. M. Farnsworthof the General Board. ' r li weicomeuj an rresiaeni otananng t- - 1 . 1 1 greeting them in a genial, kindly Minutes of former conference read and reports from wards given Pleasant Grove, President Sarah Foutz; Manilla, President Isadore Beck; Lehi, Sister Maria Anderson Alpine, President Sarah Marsh; American Fork 1st ward, President Orpha Robinson; American Fork 2nd ward, President Sirah S.Chipman; 3rd ward, Sister Elizabeth Var-ne4th ward, President Alice T. Steele; Linden, Sister Emma Cobbley; Lehi, north branch, President Ellen Jones. Reports were very satisfactory, Mothers and Daughters meetings well attended and are a blessing to the young women. First Counselor Annie T. Hyde addressed the conference, admired the congregation of young women, spoke of the Mothers and Daughters meeting, approved of each organization presiding in turn. The sisters should look after new comers, and should not Told let them feel they were strangers. able was not to come them President Smith to the conference, that she never missed her Temple work and always hore testimony of the Prophet Joseph Smith, referred to her faithfulness and said she never required of others what she was not willing to do herself. Gave advice about the storing of wheat and advised keeping the Word of Wisdom. Spoke of the Woman's and explained its uses. Urged Building the sisters to make their own lives a success and said many other good things. President S. L. Chipman praised the Relief Society, spoke of impressing the children with the importance of observing Pioneer Day, that they might reverence the men and women who came here in the early days and labored to build up the country. Counselor Annie 0 Hindley rejoiced in the work of alleviating suffering and ad ministering comfort to the sick and needy, said the Mothers and Daughters meetings had been a success. President Standring made excellent closing remarks, especially in regard to taking care of the wheat. Afternoon session. President Standring to sisters the rise in wards, and requested found the wards were all well represehted. President James H. Clarke addressed the meeting, gave excellent advice to the sisters, spoke upon sacrifice and trials and against discussing our neighbor's affairs, its evil tendency in the home, etc. Counselor Annie T. Hyde spoke upon our example, the sacrifices made by the parents who had laid the foundation of this y; work, the influence we carry for good. Referred to the n ble young missionaries out in the world, explained about the nurses classes and spoke of good housekeepeing. Sister Julia P. M. Farnsworth advised young women not to shun the responsibilities of motherhood, the noblest name on earth is that of mother. There are no women held in the respect that our sisters are, she was glad to know the sisters of Alpine Stake. President Standring felt thankful for the instructions receivtd ar.d for the Holy Spirit manifest. Counseled parents to keep their children from secret societies, urged the sisters to exert an influence to keep their children away from all evil associations, we have plenty in the Church to satisfy any righteous desire Spoke of the Exponent and urged the sisters to subscribe for it, as it was the organ pertaining to woman's work. Conference adjourned for three months. Benediction by Bishop Thorne. Emma Featherstone, Sec. UTAH STAKE. Conference of the Relief Society of Utah Stake was held in Provo City, on Monday, July 14, 1902, President Mary-Joh- n President Bathsheba W. presiding. Smith and Counselors Annie T. Hyde and Ida Smoot Duseuberry were present with us and gave good instructions. Sister Percie Bunnell was sustained as second counselor to Sister Mary John, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Sister Bunnell Sister Deborah Billings. had held the position of aid to the Stake Relief Society presidency. Other aids were chosen as follows: Sister Elizabeth D. Brown, of Provo; Sister Martha F. Keeler, of Provo; Sister Julia Maycock, of Springville. There was a good attendance at the meetings, and the Relief Society branches of the Stake reported in excellent condition. branches are building Many of and granaries storing wheat according to te counsel. A banquet was served to the visitors at noon, after which an officers' meeting was held until the hour for afternoon services. Mary John, Pres. Caroline Pratt, Sec. big horn. The first Relief Society conference of the Big Horn Stake of Zion was held in Burlington, Wyoming, August' 1, 1902, commencing at 10 a. m., President Lucy F. Grant presiding. After singing and prayer President Grant expressed her great joy in seeing so many sisters present in the first conference, and prayed for the blessing of the Lord to aid them in the cause they were representing The roll was called, showing each ward represented except Byron. Brief remarks upon the work of the society by Stake Counselor C. A. Welch. Sister Dixon, counselor to Sister Grant, felt if the sisters would perform their duties to the society as well as home duties would allow, much good might be accomplished. Sister Mary A Welch spoke of doing the Lord's will pioneering in that ''desert land." Sister P.rry - related experiences of early days in the Church, Stake Counselor-Jess- e W. Crosby spoke upon obedience and the training of children, etc. 