EXPOEMf. ROMAN'S Sister Stevenson then spoke to the she felt happy to be able to come to demeeting; referred to the poor, how she a what relieve sired to help and them, Relief to the been blessing Dr. Roberts had Society in teaching thesisters to be nurses; what a benefit it was to the sisters themselves, as well as those they go to nurse; she instructed the mothers ' to live in harmony in their homes, that there might be no contentions; we should be missionaries at home; spoke of the evil existing in our midst; urged the mothers to know where their children were at night, and not allow them to stay up late at nights, but to keep good hours; spoke of the many who were going astray, said mothers should be on the watchguard at all times and know where their children are at all hours. Sister Callister, from Filmore, said she ftlt to endorse what had been said; she had been a president of the Relief Society for eighteen years.she felt her weakness but desired to do all the good she could, to relieve the poor and suffering. ; Counselor Sarah J . Cannon felt to impress the sisters to put in practice what they had heard and bring their children up in the right way; said we should all be kind ana thoughtful of those who come trom foreign lands as strangers, help them to become acquainted and teel at home. Sister Carlie Cannon bore her testimony to the truthfulness of the Gospel. Sister Mary L. Morris said if we teach our chi dren the right way while they are young, although they may think it hard at the time, they will be thankful when they grow older. "There is always pleasure in ' doing good." Sister Ball bore her testimony, desired to do right. Sister Brown said we should all teach our chiidien to do right; referred to the good that is done in the Temple for those that are dead, we should. all try fo ' make a good record. Sister Jacobs felt thankful for the testimony of the Gospel she had had; spoke of the trial she had passed thiough in burying her son who had returned from a mission sick and had since died; but she felt to say, "Thy will be done, oh Lord," and was thankful that her son had been faithful to i the Lord to the last. Sister Martha Morris then sang a hj mn. Sister Martha Morris and Sister Wright ; bore faithful testimonies. Sister Castleton felt that the spirit of the Lord was with us; referred to the Sunday School conference, how she enjoyed it; and how the visitors in the city are gaining information from the information ' bureau, thought it was a good thing for the people. Sisters Taylor, Peterson and Williamson bore faithful testimonies to the Gospel. Sister Rosella Hunter bore her testimony to the truth of the Gospel; said that our children were our first care, we should always set a good example. Sister Barrell felt that our children should have great care; there is a great deal of sisters; . : - : - . , ; , i J wretchedness in the city; she felt to trust in the Lord. , Meeting adjourned for four weeks. y " Sec. Amelia Wadrop, ' Ladie' Meeting 14th ward hall.'Novem-- ; ber 1, '1902, Counselor E. J. Stevenson ' After the usual opening exerpresiding. cises Sister Stevenson spoke of the goodness of Sister Mary Ellen Kimball, who had recently passed away from mortality, of her faithfulness to the Gospel, her earnest de-- 1 sire to do every duty, to pay her tithing down to the very last cent, thought it Was a trial to part from those we loved, but we should learn to say in the words of the Savior, "Thy will be done, O Lord, not mine." Thought it a consolation to attend Saints the funerals of the faithful Latter-da- y : Counselor E. Webb was thankful for the Relief Society f it was to do good both to the living and the dead; said let us be ready for the life to come; we are living in peculiar times, and we should be united, for where there is union there is strength. ; Sister Martha Morris sang a hymn, also bore her testimony to the Gospel and urged all present to be faithful. SistPrs Hilton, Sanders and Seabeck bore faithful testimonies. Sister Julia C. Howe felt to appreciate the Gospel more than ever. "It is better to give than to receive; the Reliet Society has been a blessing to me, the office of a teacher is a responsible position; if the young sisters will join they will be blest." Sister Jones endorsed what had been said of Mary Ellen Kimball, referied to the trial ' of losing four of her family. Sisters Peterson, Leaker and Spiers bore r their testimony. Counselor Clara C. Cannon spoke concerning faith in administering to the sick, thought it better to call on the Lord in times of sickness than to depend on the doctors; she knew the Gospel was true and that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God. i Sister Phebe Y. Beatie bore her testimony and then asked the sisters to assist in finding homes for those who had come to join the nurses' class, urged the sisters to help in this matter. Sisters Ball, Squires and Hagman promised to assist all in their power, and Counselor Sarah J. Cannon asked the sisters to remain a lew minutes after the meeting as she wished to speak to them. Sister Stevenson in her closing remarks referred to the Word of Wisdom, thought we would have less sickness if We observed it. r Meeting adjourned for four weeks, singing, doxology. Benediction, ' Sister Mary Mair. Mrs Elizabeth Cady Stanton, who died on October 26, vindicated, so far as she herself was concerned, her, theory, that it would be profitable for women to take an She lived to active part in public affairs. had active in been She be e'ghty-seve. Since ever her concerns girlhood , public In and it seemed to agree well with her. woman's of the the early days rights agitation, before the civil war, the centre of the storm was usually where Mrs. Stanton But the stress of conflict happened to be. ne7er harmed her. She married at twenty-five- , brought up six children, and was beloved in her own household, as well as outside of it, but all the time she battled for the cause she had undertaken, and held a conspicuous place in the world of agitation. She lived happily to a great age. IC Miss Anthony who shared her labors, her battles and her honors, has also turned fourscore and still maintains a strong hold on life. She is eighty two. Mrs. Julia Ward Howe is a The strenuous life, it seems, little older. may be lived by women as well as men .t;.without prejudice to vitality. n. , . : : -- J Obstetrics and Nursing, DR. MARGARET E. ROBERTS. : . - Will commence ; 1 a class in Obstetrics and Nursing, January 5th, 1903. For further particulars write to , ' ' , ' t DR. ROBERTS, 55 North State St. j V Telephone 449 Save Your Money ! (;.' ; And when you get a dollar, deposit i. with Zion's Savings Bank &; Trubt Company, the oldest and largest savings .. bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19,000 sav. ings accounts. - , The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minosi : We are glad to be able to state that Mrs. Chester E. Coulter, of Ogden, has been elected to the Legislature on the Republican ticket. Mrs Coulter is a very able and finely educated woman, and a graduate of the Law department of the University of Michigan. Editor. to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. ,,'Have you such an account? If not, open :; V":: ''one NOW. ;' ; r L INpay FOUR PER CENT uolone from amount TEREST on any said lar to thousands, and compute ' ; interest four times a year., We . R. .K THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, 71 Main St, Salt Lake City; Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and much at possible for your money. . soli lit : your patronage. . : We aim to give you as TT R Y US ? WRITE for any information desired,' 1 : Joseph F. Smith, 'Prest. "',';'; George M. Cannon, Cashier ; :. . Nos. -5 Main Street. 