Woman's Exponent The Ballot tn the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. Vol SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER 31 CONTENTS. FRED CAINE'S Fred Caine's Letter to His Mother Utah Woman's Press Club. . . .Lydia I). Alder In Favor of Coeducation Rose B. Hayes Items From Pleasant Grove Anna Coleman Wayne Stake R. S. Reports , Resolutions of Respect In Loving Remembrance Martha Hart An Interesting Trip Ann C, Woodbury Editorial Calamities and Evils Mrs. Gates' Return Editorial Notes 25 Bathsheba W Smith. Ellis R. Shipp 25 25 27 Poetry September Where Are l'hey Belle M. Weeks Ruth M. Fox Now"1 31 31 31 28 28 28 BATHSHEBA W. SMITH. eighty years, yes long, eventful years. Have quickly passed and gone since thou didst come, From Father's mansion, here to rind a home; Here m this vale of mortal hopes and fears. Now Destined e'en to clasp a Prophet's hand To hear his voice proclaim the Gospel's truth To feel and know its glories in thy youth And yield obedience to its command. Oh, blest of women queen in Zion thou Endowed with inspiration's holy light, To e'en discern the pure--t- o know the right, A diadem of wisdom decks thy brow. ! Most priceless jewels thou hast nobly earned, They're not the treasures delved from mortal soil They're not the gems that mortal taint despoil But guerdon by the King of Life returned ! Live long, dear one, to bless thy sisterhood, With smile benign, with words and deeds of love; With power of inspiration from above Assisting other souls to lives as pure and good. Ellis R. Shipp. SEPTEMBER. M. WhhKS. On leaf and flower the sunlight lay the close of a mild, delightful day, Afar the gold of the sunset glowed, In softened beauty the landscape showed, Above the azure. below the green, And a mystic glory of light between. At Forth through this beautiul land of ours. Went Summer, crowned with magnolia flowers, Shod with the silver of running brooks. Fast sped her feet through the woodland nooks, While trailing behind the Southern Queen Was her velvet mantle of sylvan green. heard through the echoing wood! In the path before her, King Autumn stood, The light that shone from the golden west . Illumed the leaves of his knightly crest, Till its sprays of maple and birch became A voice was A mingled yellow and crimson flame. No word was spoken on either side; He stretched his hands to his gypsy bride. And the Northern King and the Southern Queen Have met once mere in the forest green. Where without a tremor of doubt or fear, They keep their love-tryevery year. st And there they meet'neath the sapphire sky, A joyous welcome, a long good-byAnd Nature rewards their changeless love With a gem from the deep blue sky above, That sapphire stone of constancy September's emblem shall ever be. e, Author's Magazine. LETTER TO HIS MOTHER ' A few extracts. 25 27 27 27 29 & 1 Nos.7-- 8 15, 1902 air. Inside of each bomb were some British, alternating with Japanese flags, attached to a string. At the other end of the string was a parachute which held them up in the air, while the wind, which was very strong that day, carried them for some distance Small balloons were also sent up, and representations of "John Bull," the English, and the king riding on a horse, etc. At 5:15 p m. we took the train and came back to Tokyo Sunday we went as usual to President Grant's. It seemed quite lonesome without Brother Kelsch. Although only one had gone, we had to keep counting to assure ourselves that more were not. Since then have done nothing to speak of. We have staid at the hotel most of the time studying. We are living on Japanese food entirely now; the only time we have bread is when we are invited to President Grant's. I have eaten everything so far, and I never felt better in my life. On Thursday, August 7, we all went out Grant's to spend the day. We had quite a nice time. It was our last visit with Brother Kelsch. Although I did not know him before I came here, I have found him to be a very fine man and I have learned to like him very much Although he did not learn to speak the Japanese language, still he has done a great work here among the foreigners, and I think his experience must have been a great aid in opening up the mission. This year completes his eleventh year of missionary work in the field, and he has certainly earned his release. We always have a good time at President Grant's, and this was no exception. Saturday we went to Yokohoma to say The train goodbye to Brother Kelsch. left here at 9:25 a, m., and arrived there at 10:20 a. m. We took rikishas and went directly to the pier and took a sin pan (this is a small boat which is propelled by a paddle at the back, which works like a UTAH WOMAN'S PRESS CLUB. fish's tail) out to the tug which took us to the S S. "Gaelic," the ship he went on. FIRST DECADE OF ITS ORGANIZATION. We had to do this because there is only At the November meeting Mrs. Ruth M. one company that has a wharf, and that is was elected director to the State FederFox the company "Nippon Yusen Kaiska," ation. that brought us over. On December 9 Mrs. I. Cameron Brown We remained on board about half an the club at her beautiful home. entertained hour, then the tug went back to shore. been prepared. had The toasts A We went to the end of the pier and waited banquet were Utah's on After the ship and responses gifted poetess, till the "Gaelic" started. Mrs. L. D. Alder was gone, we went up town and had lunch. Sarah E. Carmichael. It was Coronation day, the foreigners in read a paper giving a life sketch and quoting some of her less known poems, among them Yokohama were celebrating it, so we deWe went up being "Down by the River," which was the cided to take in the sights. on the bluff and got some flags. I carried last one written by her before the lamp of an American, a Japanese and a British flag. reason flickered out and that beautiful mind Enclosed you will find the British and toppled on its throne. It was found pinned over the dead heart of her husband, who Japanese flags, but I will keep the Ameriscarce here. are can flag because they faithfully shielded and protected her for a the to Then we went down Bund, twenty years in her own home, before the street which runs right along the bay. fires of life burned to ashes on its altar and he could guard her no longer. By request of Some of the finest hotels are on this street. It was decorated with all kinds of flags. the hostess Mrs. Alder also read "The Stolen Each house floated the flag of its own Sunbeam," her best known and nationality with the Japanese and British-flags- wonderful poem. All felt to thank Mrs. The Grand hotel especially was very Brown for her generous hospitality, and for of the occafinely decorated. Along the whole length the associations and thoughts of the building flags were floating out of the sion. At the December meeting Miss Nina windows. In the middle was the British Winslow of side each on this out Eckert, a writer of snme note and flag, running The meetwas admitted to the club. were the flags of all the principal nations, of home Dr. E. R. at .the was held American an was end each on ?nd flag. ing a Christmas The monarchone, of all that array mostly program, Shipp. Among and the refreshments carried was the cases out, duly flag tyrannies, ies, and in some that stands for freedom was written in of happy yuletide were served by our every stripe and fold, which could not be honored hostess and her charming daughI know you can guess ters. said of the others. The February meeting was partly dehow good it made me feel to see it, although it was on a British holiday, still voted to wishing our honorary president, Mrs. E. B. Wells, many happy returns of the stars and stripes were just as prominent as the English flag. All of tte ships in the her natal day, and desiring all good gifts harbor were also decorated with flags and to flow unto her in the many years yet to come, while she shall remain with us. Mrs. the whole was a very glad scene. There was a small boat on the bay from Ida Cannon was received as a member. At the March meeting Mrs. L. D. Alder which "day fireworks" were sent off, the most novel of which, I think, were bombs was elected a delegate to the Mother's which were sent up and exploded in the Congress. Mrs. M. A. Caine was reiectcd to President oft-quote- . d, 