16 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the tender, generous heart and open hand which helped to create a president who was ever held in high esteem by those over whom she presided, and a woman who will be greatly missed in the community where she lived for so many years. Her funeral which was largely attended, was held at the ward meeting house, Sunday, June 22, Beautiful floral emblems were among the 1902. many loving tributes paid to the memory of the departed dear one. Counselors Annie T. Hyde, of the General Board, and Sarah J. Cannon, of the Salt Lake Stake Board, were among the various speakers who testified of the noble character of Sister Hanford, at the services. We say Peace to her memory Faithful unto the end; Hath proven now this honored one, Our sister and our friend. ! Susan T. Ei.lis, First Counselor, Margaret H. Salmon, Second Counselor, MakgarktC. Sharp, Secretary, Louisa L. G. Rjchards, Treasurer. R. S. REPORT. EMERY STAKE. l Relief Society conferThe ence of the Emery Stake of Zion convened There at Huntington, April 25, 1902. from Sisters Salt Lake City were present Emma S. Woodruff and L. L. G. Richards. semi-annua- All of the Stake Board were present and representatives from nine of the thirteen Relief Society organizations of the Stake. President Mary A. Sorenson pre"Come listen to a Singing, siding. voice." by Sitter Mary Prayer prophet's J. King. Singing, "Earth with her ten Stake statistical and thousand flowers. financial reports, also Stake fund report read and accepted. President Sorenson welcomed all, was pleased to see so many present. Reported the labors of the Stake officers throughout the various wards, and of visiting from one society to another, encouraging the young ladies to join the Relief Society and sending visitors to the Y. L. N. M. I. and Was very pleased Primary Associations. to see the visiting sisters, knew we would have an enjoyable time. Verbal reports were given by Mary Westover, Huntington; Maria Day, Lawrence Louisa Oveson, Cleveland; and Rhoda E. Robertson, Orangeville. Each reported her society in excellent working order and bore testimony to the truth of the Gospel. Solo, "Oh, how glorious will be that day," by Sister Rachel Killian, of Orangeville. Sister Emma S. Woodruff said we were the mcst blessed people cn the face of the earth. We should always be obedient to the priesthood. If there should be any differences among the sisters it should be settled among themselves according to the regular order; she then explained this matter. Told us of the visiting plan also of encouraging the young ladies to join the society and that the young men should and uphold each other and not tear one another down. Related an instance in the life of the Prophet and Emma Smith. Knew this was the work of God. Sister J. E. Childs was pleased to meet the brethren and sisters. Spoke of with ways be kind, charitable and forgiving, of our Savior and the pattern set for life the Advised helping to build each other up. us. the mingling of parents with the young Stake Primary President Jennie Kilpack people in their parties and amusements drawing them nearer to us. A kind word knew the Spirit of the Lord had been in our midst. will do much good. cento feel inclined Bishop Johnson was much interested in "Should Duet, you sure," by Sisters Cecelia Woodward and the Relief Society work and the children Nan Leonard, of Huntington. growing up around us, felt there was a m. 2 Singuntil great work for parents. p. Meeting adjourned burnis Stake Secretary Mary Miller prayed we fire a of God like ing, "The Spirit Peler Benediction might treasure up the good things heard by Bishop ing." this day and profit by them. Johnson. President Sorensen hoped we would session Afternoon opened by singing of Felt use make instructions given. the O of Thou' "Come, King Kings." Prayer for to the of "O thank their people Huntington Singing, by Brother J. E. King. kindness and hospitality; also thanked the blest was that day." Counselor Maria Guymau bore her testi- visiting sisters. Spoke of unity and record mony to the truth of the Gospel. Said, making. Conference adjourned for six months. "Let us be charitable and spak a kind Benedicword whenever possible." Singing, "Now let us rejoice." Counstlor M. J. King bore her testimony tion by Brother M. E. Johnson. and spoke of the gcod done by taking the Mary 0. Miller, Sec. also to to able those not attend; meetings reported the Perron Society. Reports were given by Eliza Jorgensen, Or. C. Emery; Maria Allen, Castle Dale; Ann and Maria Christensen, Miller, Price; Gate. Castle All reported fully organized Will commence her next class in Oband doing a good work. stetrics and Nursing on Brother D C. Woodward had been a Monday, Oct. 13,1902. much interested listener. Spoke of the For further information write to Dr. Roberts, 75 advantages the different organizations of the North State St. Telephone 743 d. Church placed in our reach. Sister L. L. G. Richards was much gratified to meet with the sisters in this Was Stake and to note the improvement pleased to see so many young ladies present. Spoke on visiting the Primaries. We should ntver feel that any position in this Church, no matter how humble, is menial. Always give kind woics and do kind actions. Love begets love, the more we Incorporated 18S6, Advised all give the morj we will have. to read the revelation given in the Dcctrine OPENS ITS NEXT SESSION and Covenants, Sec 25. Spoke of combining work and program meetings, of SEPT. 3, 1902. singing, of the improvement throughout the Stakes of Zion, of the spring conference For particulars apply to the Secretary, also the General Relief Society conference M. H. Piercy, care of Fowler & Wells Co., Was pleased and the Woman's Building. 22nd Street, New York. to learn of the Relief Society houses and 14 East granaries being built throughout the Stake. Spoke of our children and how we should Save Your Money! guard them, as they are our heritage; prayed the Lord to protect them from the And when you ret a dollar, deposit it scourges abroad in the land. Spoke with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust also of strongly against profatrty, visiting Company, the oldest and largest savings the aged and making them happy whenever bank in Utah. possible. Since the establishment of the bank Duet, "Abide With Me," Sisters Lizzie we have opened more than 19,000 savHoward and Dezzie Johnson, of Huntingings accounts. ton. Aunt Jane Woodward, of Huntington, The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minors bore testimony to the Prophet Joseph to open savings accounts in their own Smith. Spoke of the last society meeting name, subject to their own order. Have he attended, said his counsel was to sustain vou such an also understand the Relief Society work. Read the minutes of the first organization of the Relief Society in the days of the Prophet Joseph Smith, also of the meetings Said we should alheld in those days. Margaret tyneriai) Institute of ptyrei70l0(y, one NOW. R. .K THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much a possible for you money. Roberts ' US open We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WHITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith. Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. We aim to give you as """TR Y account? If not, Nos. -5 Main Street. 