WOMAN'S EXPONENT. other countries, and the freedom vouch safed to this nation, is a heritage bestowed by the men who fought for liberty and were inspired to frame the Constitution of these United States, and the Declaration of Rights, so wisely constructed. Every one who desires the highest good of the country has abundant scope in this free land to exercise his best gifts for the good "RHYMELETS IN MANY MOODS," BY H. W. NAISBITT. This, the first of the "Home Circle" series, came as a sweet thought for the Christmas time. "Rhymelets" you are welcome Like the sweet flowers of May, and the blushing lose of June, you add You beauty and fragrance to the world. tell stories of love, of devotion of trial and exultation. You touch new chords of the heart, that never thrilled before; fire some thought of the measureless Unknown, and sing songs that we have known from childhood in a tender strain. You bear the impress of eternal Truth that has flowed from Inspiration's pen. You bring up memories of the sea, the bright, undulating, jyighty sea, and days, when as strangers in the world, we gleaned in the vineyard, finding here and there much choice, tender wheat that must be garnered into the storehouse of the ' ! of all. EDITORIAL NOTES. There will be a National Peace Demonstration made by the women of all countries in May, 1902. May Wiight Sewall is chairman in the United States. Monday, January 6, there was a Whitney gathering at the residence of Horace G. Business Whitnay, Manager of the Deseret News Company. The house was a blaze of light, and the rooms beautifully decorated for the occasion, which was the There birthday anniversary of the host. were Whitneys and Whitneys and Whit-neylarge and small, old and young grandchildren and great grandchildren of Bishop Newel K. Whitney, the founder of the Whitney family in the valley of the Great Salt Lake. There was feasting and talking, instrumental music by MissHattie Whitney, singing by Bishop 0. F. Whitney and his sister, Mrs. Marian Whitney Dinwoodey, and George D. Pyper, whose wife is a Whitney, and a poem by Bishop Whitney, and the party was a great success. The brothers and sisters of H. G. Whitney presented him with an elegant copy of Napoleon Bonaparte in three volumes, very handsomely illustrated, and as he is an ardent lover of books, it was a most appropriate gift. May the Whitneys increase and multiply in numbers and in strength and each one remember to honor the name made illustrious in the history of the Church by their honored ancestor, Bishop Newel K. Whitney. s, We are very proud to welcome among the periodicals of Utah the Children's Frie?id, a most happy title it seems to be, and may the venture be a successful one for the Primary Association. The table of contents gives good promise of its usefulness among the little people and those who The "Greeting" have charge of them. from the president of the General Board, Louie B. Felt, is full of deep love and humble appreciation of her high position and its great responsibilities, and it breathes the true spirit of devotion and helpfulness. "Suggestions to Officers" contains many lesions that if carefully studied, followed and applied will be of great benefit in the daily labors of those who desire to make themselves competent teachers in this work Lula's poem of love among the children. is very sweet and full of love, and altogether the new magazine is in the spirit of the Primary work and makes one think of the Savior's words, "Except ye become as one of these, ye cannot enter the kingdom of heaven. ' ' These dear sisters whose work is among the little children will have the opportunity of growing into that perfect love the Savior laid down as the The lessons all seem golden rule of life. to have been carefully arranged and with such a complete guide, surely the associaThe tions will work in perfect harmony. Children 's Friend should assuredly be taken Saints. in every home of the Latter-da- y husbandmen. How beautifully you sing of Friendship, strong and lasting, withstanding the storms of Time, and finding its full fruition in worlds Celestial. Appreciation tells its tale, and the vision of futurity is opened to view, revealing what will be. Sweet cadences are sung of the Past, that recall the path trodden in sweetest expectation. Dreamland is opened to our view, where people revel, whom we have forgotten or have never had life. Sweet fancies of Dreamland live on; in thy world we taste of love unknown on earth, and dwell in realms that are yet to be. Prophecy unveils the future, and must ever go hand in hand with Poetry. In "The Parting" sweet thoughts are expressed. "They meet no more can this be true Is every dream and love lit thought To be transferred to objects new As traffic by a merchant bought ? ? after years there come Thoughts of the quiet rambles, where Love's fond expression both could seal By methods which a world doth share ?" Will not in How beautifully expressed are the thoughts in "My Unexpected Friend." Distant, though near when music of thy greeting Falls on mine ear, inspiring as it rings. Unsatisfied if chance prevent a meeting, Until dispelled by stress of other things. Alike in taste, alike in aspiration, And yet distant enough for mental interchange; Because of age, experience or association, As known alone through less or wider range. 'When all our dreams come true,' the Poet wrote, ows 'Eternal fitness will be found to will be the substance, dreams the real; Thus kindred only separate to meet again." reign-Shad- Thoughts unraveling the skein of life are given in "Love Unappeased." "May be it was kinship, or friendship, or love Which had its beginning in mansions above; If so 'tis immortal and death will explain The secret of loving in loving again." Thoughts of the missionary field are stirred by reading, "In the Missionary Field." "Not far from that boisterous, wild, mad crew I Tte voice of singing fell on my ear, And touched my soul as I turned again, for 'twas fresh and new, lingered near. The words were stirring, yet wondrous sweet, Both they and the tune were as if divine; Then prayer was offered as silence sweet, On that throng fell at the hour of nine. 69 An earnest man then rose and told Of Gospel light and a Father's love; The contrast fell as 'twixt dust and gold, In the two old streets as I both did prove." The street meetings in the old market places arise to view. And the queer windWho can ever ing streets seem with us such where the songs of forget meetings, Zion resound on summer air in the streets and lanes of England "Rhymelets" we wish you every success. May you enter every home in Zion, your sentiments be read by young and old, and your songs till Eternity's dawn. ! re-ec- Lydia D. Alder. A TRIBUTE OF LOVE. PHEBE C: YOUNG. The long shadows of the dying year are The beautiful falling oer the world. green leaves of summer, now sere and dead, rustle on the ground. Piercing north winds blow them about as worthless things. In heaps they lie down in the furrows under the moss. Thev cling around the roots of brush and tree to check their drifting, or they are trodden under the foot of men. The grim Reaper, too; gathers his harvest. Away in the earth reverently the dead part is laid. But by the decree of God, the spirit ascends to worlds on high. What a glorious change, from ice, cold and snow, to a Summer Land There flowers of gorgeous hue are playing in the warm south wind Wide spreading trees are clothed with foliage of daintiest green, and the grass is thick like velvet to step upon. Thoughts like these fill the mind, as we stand by the bier of one whose memory is precious, and whose virtues we would emulate. She has joined the innumerable host, who, one by one, gather on the other shore Surrounded by loved ministering angels, the frail moorings of life were loosened. With a sigh her spirit was borne away, leaving the worn out tenement to moulder to dust. There will be a vacant chair, and the loss of a tender mother's loving hand. But love remains; it is indestructible, and like sweet incense will ever twine around her memory. Her beautiful, spiritual mind, untram-meled-noby blight of time or cares of be will earth, inspired by the glory of the eternal world. Her aspirations for proand gression, development, so longed for find full fruition. will here, As a wife and mother she was an example of loving solicitude and consistent piety. Through affliction's vale she walked with trembling step, but no murmuring word. In Trial's fiery furnace her nature was refined, and thus she came in closer communion with the Eternal One. Her days of loneliness, their depth known ocW z:c. over. tz She is re united Wi. the treasures she laid on the altar, and whose loss made the world a barren wilderness. How bravely she gathered up the broken threads of life, learning to live without them, she alone knows. faithful in every calling of life; She every duty was conscientiously performed. By her friends and associates of the Press Club her memory is revered She was a valued member, and graced the various Re- positions she was called upon to fill. ! w w-a- s 