WOMAN'S 24 UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. University of Utah includes the The School of Arts and Sciences, the State School' of Mines and the State Ncrrnal School. SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES. The School of Arts and Sciences offers courses in: General Science. 1. 2. Liberal Arts. - EXPONENT- shone like pearly dew Upon its petals as she sobbed farewell, And deeper still its ruddy color grew, s fell. As, one by one, the burning Her falling tear-dro- tear-drop- roses blow And ever since the blood-re- d In sultry hours, and speak of joys and pain, And lovers pause to pluck them as they grow, While nightingales chant on their soft refrain. Perchance at times they feel the piercing thorn, Which ever guards the roses stem, 'tis said, Since that long vanished hour in Eden's morn. When sad Eve kissed the .white rose petals red. M. E. S. STATE NORMAL SCHOOL. The Normal School offers: A four years Normal Course. 1. 2. Advanced Normal Courses. 3. Courses in Kindergarten Training. STATE SCHOOL OF MINES. The School of Mines offers courses in: 1. Mining Engineering. 2. Electrical Engineering. PREPARATORY SCHOOL. Preparatory School is maintained which gives preparation for the courses in general Science. Liberal Arts, Mining and Electrical Engineering, Law, Medicine and A Business. The proximity of great mines, reduction works of various kinds, power houses for the generation of electricity, afford advantages for thorough and practical work in mining and electrical engineering not enjoyed by any other school of mines in the United States. AN AUGUST DAY. .'Twas long ago the golden light Of fair, unclouded August days Had bathed the wqrld in radiance bright, The garden beds were all ablaze With asters, purple, red and white. That nodded in the sunshine's rays. White daises starred the velvet grass, With tiny, gleaming, golden eyes, Tall weeds waved o'er the dark morass, Blue harebells shamed the azure skies, a fragrant mass And meadow-sweSet of the loosestrife's purple dyes. The sunflow'r raised his golden head, The lily pale was fair to see, And robed in white and deepest red, The dr.hlias blossomed royally; The bees hummed o'er the flower-be1 he fruit was blushing on the tree. et M.VN UAL of I met you as the sun sank low To rest within the Western sea, Your lovely face was all aglow. Your lips like cherries on the tree, Your brow was pure as drifted snow And you were airthe world to me Maud E. Sargknt. ! LOVE'S POWER. m If I were blind, and thou shouldst enter E'er so softly in the room, I should know it, I should feel it, Something subtle would reveal it, And a glory round thee center That would lighten up the gloom. And my heart would surely guide me, With Love's second sight provide me, One amid the crowd to find, If I were blind TRAINING AND DOMESTIC SCIENCE. Manual Training and Domestic Science are features of the normal courses. No tuition is charged, but a small annual Registration registration fee is required. of students September 12th and 13th. The University Annual which gives full information concerning courses, requirements for admission, etc., will be sent free on application to the University of Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah! (T)enai Institute d, SHOP WORK IN WOOD AND METAL. Students in engineering courses are given two years coarse in wood and metals in well equipped shops and under the direction of thoroughly competent machinists. , The United States Civil Service Comwill hold examinations during September and October, in several places in each state to secure young men and women There are for the government service. now 126,423 in the classified civil service, being an increase of 46,736 in six years. There were 7,972 persons appointed between July 1, 1901 and April 15, 1902, being at the rate of 10,070 for the year. There will probably be 11,000 appointments next year. Salaries at appointment vary from $660 to $1,200 a year, with All apliberal promotions afterward. most life and for posipointments are lor tions only a common school education is Politics or religion is not conrequired. sidered. Those desiring to take examinations of this kind can get full information about them by writing to the Columbia Correspondence College, Washington D. C, and asking for its Civil Service Catalogue for 1902. mission prepoloy, Incorporated 18S6, OPENS ITS NEXT SESSION SEPT. 3, 1902. For particulars apply to the Secretary, M. H. Piercy, care of Fowler & Wells Co., 14 East 22nd Street, New York. Or, Margaret C. Roberts ! If I were deaf, and thou hadst spoken Ere thy presence I had known, I should know it, 1 should feel it, Something subtle would reveal it, And the seal at once be broken By love's liquid undertone, Deaf to other, stranger voices, And the world's discordant noises, Whisper, wheresoe'er thou art, 'Twill reach my heart If I were dead and thou shouldst venture, Near the coffin where I lay, I should know it, i should feel it, Something subtle would reveal it, And no look of mildest censure Rest upon that face of clay. Shouldst thou kiss me, conscious flashes, Of Love's fire through Death's cold ashes Would give back the cheek its red, If I were dead Will commence her next class in stetrics and Nursing on Monday, Oct. 13, 1902. Ob- For further information write to Dr. Roberts, 75 North State St. Telephone 748 d. ! THE LEGEND OF THE ROSE. The white rose blossomed first in Parad ise, And shed her fragrance on the balmy air. And Eve smiled on it with her sinless eyes, When all the world was pure, and sweet and when an exile from those heavenly bowers, Sad Eve went forth amid earth's thorny ways, She bade good bye to all the lovely flowers She knew and cherished in her happy days. e Then bending low she kissed the rose. When, lo, its pure, pale petals changed to red. As though it blushed to hear of sins and woes, As Eve knelt weeping by the garden bed! snow-whit- R.-.- Save Your Money! get a dollar, deposit it Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. And when you with Zion's Since the establishment of the bank have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. we ! Josephine Pollard, The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW. Compared to the possession of that price, less treasure and happiness unspeakable, a perfect faith, what has life to offer ? THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, 71 Main St, Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for you money. We aim to give you as '""""'TRY US We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. Nos. Main Street. -5 