WOMAN'S EXPONENT. deal in many homes, it is comparatively easy to do the things which have become a Made other appropriate remarks habit. and related incidents bearing upon this subject. President Susan Grant, Davis Stake, thought we should seek the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, and try to be in touch with all the branches in the respective Stakes and see that they were doing their duty in every respect; that was what she was trying to do in her Stake, and to be united with the Bibhops and presiding brethren. She felt they enjoyed the Spirit of the Lord in their meetings and conferences. Sister Emma A. Empey, superintendent of the nurses' classes, bpoke upon that subject at some length. Said it required eight months (the fee $10.00) to take the course of training, and the extra course for obstetrics six months would be $40.00. Explained the system thoroughly, told what good work the nurses from Dr. Roberts previous classes were doing, and that they were sought after by the doctors because of their Gave an excellent skill and ability, etc. idea of the situation and the watch care that would be over them while here in the city engaged in their studies. Sister Phebe Y. Beatie, secrttary and treasurer of the nurses' classes, spoke of the privileges these young women would have of attending the missionary course, organ recitals in the Tabernacle, and other things that would be educational. Alluded to the opinion of the Bishops in the several wards concerning these nurses, the great blessing it was to have such help in times of need, "they were like angels." Said those who had charge would see that these sisters who come for this purpose had good homes while here, Dr. Roberts would help in this matter and they would have good advice. Elder L. John Nuttall spoke a short time in praise of the Relief Society work, of Sister Smith conducting the conference after the same plan as the General conference had been in calling on presidents of Stakes to report. Felt we needed more than one day to hear from all and give instruction. Wanted the sisters to go back to their homes and take the counsel back with them to others, and the spirit of the conference. Brother Nuttall was anxious to render any He had assistance possible to the society. been among the sisters of the society in Stakes and Wards, was interested in all their work, wanted to see them advance and blessed them in the name of the Lord. Pocatello Stake reported by Counselor Matilda Smith, who told of the good work Mothers' meetings had being done there. been organized and great interest manifested in that and other lines of work. President Mary A. Sorenson gave a most excellent report of Emery Stake, spoke in high terms of praise of the late president, Sister Annie U. Larsen, and felt she would like to do as well as she had done, thought many of the sisters in the conference would remember her. Gave some particulars about their grain and said she was desirous of having more grain saved this season. She hoped to be up and doing with all associated with her, not found behind in any good work. President Rebecca Standring, of Alpine Stake, not being present, the secretary, Sister Emmn Featherstone, reported. She said: "We have mothers' and daughters' meetings and they preside alternately, they generally try to get a good lecturer to address them and the meetings are well attended and all go forth in their work with joy and rejoicing. President George C. Parkinson, of Oneida Stake, said he had enjoyed being present and meeting the noble-soule- d sisters enSaid there gaged in this glorious work. are good sisters in Oneida Stake, they travel around and do a great amount of good in saving grain and helping in every way, are always on hand to bless and comfort and are indeed a source of relief. "Now, we have here our beloved Sister Bathsheba, 80 years of age, she has been faithlul all the daylong from the beginning of this society, Sister Richards, nearly 80 and others; these good sisters' labors cannot be told in words. I endorse Brother Nuttall when he said our good works will show throughout the entire world; God is the Author; mothers are the noblest souls, providing tabernacles for the sons of men, who will go forward and carry on this work. It is your sons and your daughters who will have the responsibility in the Go to your homes with the spirit future. of this mission upon you. God bless you; God bless Sister Smith and lengthen out her days with those associated with her in this society and in the work of the Lord. Amen." President B. W. Smith said: "There are a good many more we would like to hear from, but the time is gone and we must close our meeting." Prayer was offered Singing, Doxology. President E. James by Steele, of Bingham Conference Stake. adjourned until next April, 1903. E. B. Wells. Secretary. 39 to subordinate their individuality, have been based upon false theories, and have produced an artificial and unjust relation to the sexes in modern society. in the home and 4. That State should be the inalienable right of every normal adult, and in consequence no individual woman can "owe obedience" to any individual man as prescribed by old marriage forms, nor can women as a whole owe obedience to men as a whole, as prescribed by modern governments. 5. That the refusal to recognize women as individual members of society, entitled has resulted to the right of in social, legal and economic injustice to them, and has intensified the existing economic disturbances throughout the world. 6. The governments which impose taxes and laws upon their women citizens without giving the right of consent, or dissent, which is granted to men citizens, exercise a tyranny inconsistent with just government. 7. That the ballot is the only legal and permanent means of defending the rights to "life, liberty and pursuit of happiness" pronounced inalienable by the American Declaration of Independence, and accepted as inalienable by all civilizations; therefore, women should be vested with all rights and privileges of electors in a representative form of government. 8. That the rapidly developing intellect of women, resulting from new educational opportunities, and the important position in the economic world into which women have been forced by the commercial changes, call lor the immeof the last diate consideration of this problem by the nations of the world. Susan B. Anthony, Chairman, United States. Australia. Vida Secretary, INTERNATIONAL DECLARATION. Goldstein, Fenwick Miller, England. Florence Last winter at the International ConferAntonie Stollle, Germany. ence, a committee was appointed to draft a Emma Evald, Sweden. Declaration of Principles which would Caroline Holeman Huidobro. Chile. express the faith of the wouian suffragists Gudrun Drewsen, Norway. throughout the world. This committee Rachel Foster Avery, United States. was unable to complete the report, and Anna H. Shaw, United States. another committee was appointed, consistCarrie Chapman Catt, United States. Comof officers the International of the ing mittee. The new committee was instructed to draft a Declaration of Principles and to A WOMAN MISSIONARY. submit them to the delegates to the InterMrs. Addison Pratt on the Society Islands This national Conference for approval. has now been done, and the Declaration of 1850.1 ("Continued.) Principles has been drawn up and signed. nt half-centur- . DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES. We, the men and women assembled in the First International Woman Suffrage Conference, held in Washington, U. S. A., 1902, do hereby declare February 12-our faith in the following principles: 1. That men and women are born equally free and independent members of the human race; equally endowed with talents and intelligence, and equally entitled to the free exercise of their individual rights and liberty. 2. That the natural relation of the sexes is that of interdependence and and that a repression of the rights of one inevitably works injury to the other and to the whole race. 3. That in all lands, those laws, creeds and customs which have tended to restrict women to a position of dependence, to discourage their mental training, to repress the development of their natural gifts and 18, The king is a very friendly man, agreeIs pleased with the able in conversation. American Elders because of their industriHe prides himself in doing ous habits. He is more work than other native man. to French the official his in capacity subject Governor. Today heard the news of the Tahitian lady's marriage to the king's son, much to the father's displeasure. She had previously made an engagement with the captain whose ship is lying here, and had received many presents from him; now she renounced him and chose a younger man. I wish, all white men who make contracts with those women may be treated in the same manner. Mr. RichToday the Pilgrim sailed. mond called to make his adieux, proposed sending from Tahiti any thing we needed, was certainly polite, he may be sincere, ad- although given to flattery more than I 