WOMAN'S Afternoon session. Opening remarks F. Grant President Lucy encouraging by all to persevere in the work of the society, President Reeves reported Burlington society, the sisters willing to do all in their power to forward the cause of truth. An interesting essay, "The Courtesies of Home," by Counselor Chloe B. Lee was read by Ellen H. Jolley. A duet, "Faith, Hope and Charity," was sung in a pleasing style by Sisters Nellie "Packard and Violet' 3i called here on missions and do not know how long we can stay. Counselor Clara C. Cannon said our future glory depends on our every day life. Let us speak of each other's virtues and avoid slander of any kind. Sister Clarissa S. Williams thought we did not realize the responsibility of Relief Society work; we are not only required to relieve the poor, but to sympathize with the broken-hearteGave timely advice to secretaries, realized the work of the society was grand and noble. The General and Stake officers of the society were sustained by unanimous vote; also the officers of the branches in this Stake of Zion. BeneMeeting adjourned until 2 p. m. diction by Sister M. C. Hull. Afternoon session ' was addressed by General President Bathsheba W. Smith, who exhorted all to liye their holy religion and said, "We are trying to love our neighbor as ourselves, look after the needy and lay away the dead. Let our religion be first, and never grow weak in the faith, we should love everybody and never be d. McMoen. Sister J W. Crosby reported the Cowley Ward in a thriving condition; President Carrie Olsen, Lovell Ward as doing well; President Merkeley, Otto Ward, there had been some sickness there which had prevented holding regular meetings, but all were doing well now. Recitation, "Should the Master Come Todiy," veiy well rendered by Sister Ret-t- a Select reading, "Sister Alfa Porter. much Grant; enjoyed. McMoen of Burlington, and Bishop Bishop Jolley of Lovell, commended the sisters of the Relief Society and spoke of their aid to the Bishops. Counselor Vilda Dixon encouraged the mothers in helping each other, to teach correct principles to the children. Bishop Paitridge spoke of his love for the Relief Society and thought we could get along better without any of the other organizations in the Church than without this society. Brother Crosby gave some excellent advice to the officers in regard to counseling with each ether. Sister Ketchum wished a mother's class organized in each society. President Grant made a few closing remarks. Benediction by Brother W. B. Graham. Sister Emma S. Woodruff, wife of the late President Wilford Woodruff, reached Burlington after the conference was over, but a meeting was called for Saturday, August 2, at 4 o'clock, and the sisters listened with great interest to her words of advice and counsel. She suggested that the sisters here, being from so many parts of Utah, Idaho. and other places, put forth all their best ideas and develop one of the best Stake organizations in the Church. A song composed by Rufus P. Snell, was rendered by him and very much enjoyed by all. Several persons bore faithful testimonies of the Gospel. Ellen H. Jolly, Ass't. Sec. jealous." Sister Lydia D Alder, aid in Salt Lake Stake, said increase of faith in the Gospel will increase our happiness, urged keeping the Word of Wisdom. Our life is a school, and trials will come to us. Felt it necessary to prepare for famine. Sister E. J. Stevenson, of the General Board, urged storing wheat and building granaries, according to the counsel of President Young. Spoke on humility and love, learning to govern ourselves and be meek and lowly. Sister Maggie Hull sang a solo, "Glory to God on High." Elder James Sharp addressed the meeting, said he had told the strangers who had entered the gates of the Tabernacle square that the Relief Society organization had in it the noblest women on earth, their mission is unlimited, they are akin to the angels, God never gave a more glorious thought to Joseph Smith than the organizing of this society. Said "If you are angered do not rest till you have made it right, you cannot have the Holy Ghost and have a hard thought in your heart. Get the Holy Snirit and keep it, is my advice. If in an unguarded moment you injure any one, go in humility and repair the wrong." SALT LAKE STAKE. The Relief Sociely Conference of Salt Lake Stake was held in the Assembly Hall, in this City, Saturday, September 6, 1902, President M. Isabella Home presidPresident Bathsheba W Smith was ing. on the stand, Stake Counselors Sarah J. Cannon and Clara C Cannon were present, also aids, secretaries and treasurer. After the opening exercises, minutes and reports were read and accepted, President Home made an address of welcome, reminding the sisters that they were to be judged out of the books, urging them to fulfill every duty and repeating. a number of the savings of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Spoke of the prophecies and urged the storing and care of wheat, and not keep wheat money on hand. Counselor Sarah J. Cannon said if we will only do our part, our Father in heaven We are will fulfill all His promises to us. EXPONENT. ; President M. W. Wilcox, Sister Elizabeth Webb, President Elizabeth Paul, Secretary Julia S. Woolley, Sister M. E. Irvine and Elder Joseph Christianson each made brief remarks on the work of the Society, its good purposes and excellent results, the many blessings attending it, the mission of peace and good will, as well as Many excellent things were good works. said and the Spirit of God was manifest in the conference. Conference adjouined for three months. Benediction by Elder C. J. ThomSs. Julta S. Woolley, Stake Sec. Alice E. Rowe, of Springfield, Mass , has been elected a member of the staff of the State hospital for the insane in Gow-andN. Y., and will serve in that institution as a specialist in gynecology. This institution is the largest of its kind in New York, and the election carries with it con siderable honor. a, IN LOVING REMEMBRANCE. Emily Gentry, the wife of Henry J. Sorenson, born May 29. I857, in England. She emigrated to Utah with her parents when abont eleven years old, and since that time has been united with the Saints. She Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y resided at Coalville, Utah, with her parents until her marriage, July 25. 1877. Sister Gentry has been a member of the Thomas Fork Ward, now called Raymond, for about nine years, and also a member of the Relief Society since its organization, May, 1892, until her death, July 30, 1902. ' . , She was a .willing and faithful worker in the Saint and a devoted society a true Latter-da- y and loving mother. Her last counsel to her sons was always to be good and true to their religion. She leaves a husband, five sons and one daughter to mourn her loss. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Whereas our Father in Heaven in His infinite wisdom has seen fit to take from our midst one ot onr esteemed sisters, Emily Sorenson and whereas in her demise we have lost a dear friend and faithful Latter-da- y Saint, therefore be it Resolved, that we, the members of the Raymond Relief Society, extend our. heaitfelt sympathy to the bereaved family in this their hour of sorrow. That we ever cherish her memory and regard her virtues as worthy of emulation. That a copy of these resolutions be presented to the bereaved family, one be placed on the records of the Relief Society and one be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Raymond, Idaho. RESOLUTIONS Martha Hart. OF RESPECT. Whereas God has so suddenly bereft us of our beloved sister, Elizabeth Hanford. president of the Twentieth Ward Relief Society for the past four years, be it now Resolved, that we mouru her demise, a faithful worker, a comforter in the hour of need, a devoted Saint. That mother and wife, a true Latter-da- y That we sympawe esteem her in this society. thize with her husband and son in their sad bereavement. Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be sent to her huspand and son. that a copy be sent to the Woman's Exponent, and that the same ap pear on record in the Twentieth Ward Relief Society. Hannah Lapis. i, Julia C. Taylor, Rebecca Daynis. Committee. July 7, 1902. AN INTERESTING TRIP. President Ann C. Woodbury and Emma J. Morris, her counselor, of the presidency of the Relief Society, and Rosinia Jarvis, president of the Young Ladies and aid to the Primary of the St. George Stake, left August 12 to visit the western settlements, including White River. We started out early, this being a hard day's drive, owing to the road being sandy and up hill. We arrived at Pine Valley in the rain, which was very welcome. We held a meeting with the Primary. Here we met a lot of well behaved children, and A the sisters gave them good instruction. very small girl, Maggie Gardner, played the organ, the children sang beautifully. The next morning we held a Relief Society meeting, Sister Ann Snow presiding. We urged the sisters to store grain, live their religion, feed the poor, clothe the naked and comfort the hearts of those that were bowed down. After partaking of Sister Jane Gardner's hospitality, we went to Pinto and met with the Relief Society in the afternoon, in the evening with the Young Ladies, where all We bad a delightbore their testimonies. Sister Neil Forsyth entertained ful time. us nicely, and in the early morning we met 