WOMAN'S EXPONENT 8 had asked her to report, or at least to answer to the roll call; she felt thai in that far off place the sisters labored under many difficulties not realized by those who were in localities where there were many greater advantages; she felt great embarrassment in attempting to report the society, felt sure the sisters in St Joseph Stake were trying to do right, and they have an energetic president. San Luis Stake reported by the secretary, Sister Mary F. Crowther. "We live a long way off; we would like to have the sisters visit us; we have a good Relief Society hall, the only public building there is there, three wards out of five have their own house to Our Young Ladies' Association meet in. in our hall, we all meet in it. an organ put We have our grain in the tithing granary, but we intend having a granary of our The Lord has blessed us greatly in own. We had a visit from Sister E. that land. B. Wells and Sister Minnie J. Snow three years ago, and we had a delightful time." San Juan Stake reported by Sister Pris-cill- a Warner, of Moab. "Our Stake is very remote, we have to travel four hundred miles by team, it is very laborious; our president, Sister Hammond, is a very faithful woman. I think our sisters are all trying to do all they possibly can; we labor under many difficulties but we want to do our duty and keep the commandments of White River country and found in those isolated places the people were trying to live their religion They depended on the land for their living. Many young people had married and gone into that country to make themselves homes and the Lord had blessed them. Spoke of the good spirit prevailing among those who were striving to serve the Lord. Conference adjourned until 7 p. m. Singing, "My God, the spring of all my joys." Benediction by Elder C. J. Thomas. Evening session, Tuesday, October 7, 1102, President Bathsheba W. Smith presiding. Singing, "Our God we raise to Thee." Prayer by President Jane S. Richards. Singing, "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet," Benson Stake reported by the president, Rebecca Rawlins. Reported they had visited their Stake and found all right among the sisters; in regard to mothers' classes "we decided to make up a program and unite with the three associations and hold conjoint meetings." Counselor Anna Bayliss, Parowan Stake. "We have five branches, we hold semimonthly meetings and feel much good has We have had much been accomplished. sickness this year. Sister Ollerton, our president, is an excellent woman and very much beloved." God." Counselor Alvira E. Steele, Bingham Uintah Stake reported by Sister Sarah Stake, reported 28 branches, spoke very M. Smith, Colton. "We are a long way off, it seems we have very few advantages, and highly of the president, Sister E. J. Benwe have to trust in the Lord and depend nett, also said there was a lot of good sisMost of the branches own a city lot, ters. upon His assistance; we are united and one owns its own house "We are branch things are moving on, and I think some want to have our sisters visit us united and little progress is being made; we had a we will and have sufficient means, I hope visit this summer from the sisters, which will do our utmost to get the sisters to was a great blessing; two years ago we the attend nurses' class." had the sisters, and we do appreciate them Star Valley reported by Sister Charlotte in this out of the way place." who said it inspired her with new Allred, President Julia A. Richards, who had life to see our dearly beloved sisters; "we only recently been called to preside in to do our best, and I feel our are trying Malad Stake, said they were determined to sisters in are pretty good condition," etc. do their duty and to be in hafmony with Counselor Lucy Parkinson represented the priesthood and keep up with organizaStake. Oneida Said, "Our sisters are dilitions in the other Stakes of Zion, felt very in the storing of grain, the secretaries' great need of encouragement in her labors, gent in our Stake are excellent, we have etc. reports able a very president and we hope to help President M. Isabella Home said she felt and be in harmony with those work in the greatly exercised because of the drouth all who preside." over the country, and thought if we didn't President Mary E. Howell spoke for have a famine among ourselves, we want Stake. "We have over 4,000 to and ought to have wheat on hand any Hyrum of we bushels are united with the grain, way to assist those who will be in need, our of Stake. We had a visit and not keep the money; she had spoken president from Sister and Sister Freeze, and Hyde over and over to the sisters to buy wheat with their money instead of putting it in were very glad of the good things they told We thiuk the the bank, for what good would money do us, felt benefited thereby. when scarcity came; spoke of Heber C. mothers' classes will be very beneficial. Kimball's prophecies in regard to these We want to keep up with all the requireWe want to send things; she thought all the branches in ments made upon us. some sisters to study nursing." this Stake were in good order, even President Jane S. Richards was glad to new ones organized since the Stake had she officers' feel held so much of the good spirit. been divided; Refering meeting once a month and therefore knew the cirto Weber Stake, she said, ' ' We are trying to cumstances of each society pretty well; instil faith into the minds of the young, some sisters do not identify themselves rrany sick have been saved by prayer. with the society, but thought these times We need to love each other and give kindly would stir up the people to greater diligence. aid, there are so many worldly things President Ann C. Woodbury, St. George around and we are only here for a little Stake, was glad of the sisters visiting them while and we want to do all we can while and among the pecple; until last sumwe have the opportunity. We have built a a been a had we have not house and Relief Stake time mer, year ago, they Society long or without being visited from headquarters, sick the have kept but needy, neglected this last summer they had been visited up our donations for these things and have again and it had a good effect. She had not gone into debt; the house cost about been making a long trip recently into th $5,000, and it is not in any way extrava te e We have no gant, it is neat and plain. we heat or light in it yet, but expect to fix The Y. L. and for that before we need it . meet in it as well as the Relief Society, it is for all three. We have some pictures on the walls Joseph the Prophet, Brigham Young, John Taylor, Sister Eliza, Aunt Zina, Sister Bathsheba and some others. We had our house dedicated last summer, the brethren came up and some of the sisters. President J. R. Winder and Patriarch John Smith were with us and we had it dedicated on the anniversary of the day that President Young was in Ogden and established the sisters' quarterly conferThere were other brethren and ences. sisters there, those who have gone before us, let us live so that we can join them in the spirit world. Let us reach out a help ing hand to those who are weak and wayward. It is terrible to know that the children of the Saints should incline to go If we can persuade them to turn astray ! around what a satisfaction it would be Working for the dead is glorious, but they have not had the Gospel and rejected it. Let us be charitable and forgiving and seek to save the erring." Counselor Lavinia Bates reported Cassia Stake, said they had not yet had mothers' classes but were trying to do all they could to keep up with the other organizations in caring for the needy, saving grain and all good works. President Elizabeth DeLoug, Panguitch Stake, said, "We will send all the We sisters we can to the nurses' class. have visited our Stake once this summer and have started a mothers' class;" told ol other good works. President Lucy S. Cardon Cache Stake. "Since the Stake has been divided it has I made some difference about the grain. know it is the grain we want and not the We are advocating the nurses' mrney. class and working it up and want to convert the mothers." Counselor Dorcas Worthington represented Tooele Stake. "Our president, Sister Emily J. Anderson, could not come' she is a very efficient woman and wishes to do all in her power to assist in every good cause," etc. Alvira L. Cox, president of South Sanpete Stake. "All our Stake has been visited during the last three months, we have talked about sending nurses and will try to have some come and be trained. We have had the grasshoppers this year, as you all know, yet we have done well with our grain in Manti. In Manti North Ward we have a very fine building, we know what it is to build with ery little means ' ' Explained in detail the grasshopper ravages and also spoke of the grain saving, lending, P.-A- ! etc. Sister Ida Sinoot Dusenberry, counselor in the General Society, addressed the meeting for a short time, urged young women to become acquainted with Relief Society work. Spoke of their considering it an ordeal to attend the meetings, thought the day was far past that these meetings should be just for old ladies. Talked of the benefits of mothers' classes, and felt if there were any mothers not converted to the idea they were the ones who should be called Knew upon and culled into the work. there was always time to dress twelve children in the morning and get out to a circus Get the mothers out to these parade. mothers' meetings, habit is a very great 