Woman's Exponent The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. Vol. 31 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 1 & Nos. 15, 1902 5- -6 CONTENTS. Items About Art A. M. II. Ladies Meeting. . .A. Wardrop Charlotte Jensen Eagar Ward Letter from Chicago Alice M. Home R. S. Reports (lainsof Suffrage in Utah In Memoriam Biographical Sketch : Notes and News Editorial Mrs dates' Trip to Europe Dedication 1 untsville Relief Society Hall Editorial Notes Selected Puktry Work When Roses Die Maud E. Sargent The Ideal W. W Autumn Beeches The Legend of the Rose M. E. S. An August Day ..Maud E Sargent Love's Power Josephine Pollard Semi-Monthl- y 1 WORK. 17 1 s IS 19 21 22 23 23 23 20 20 20 17 17 17 24 24 24 24 WHEN ROSES DIE. One single day's allotted task well done That is a comfort to the weary head; Better than feathers for the toiler's bed Is the sweet thought to go to rest upon. How calm he lies who never thought to shun The burden's utmost weight, how quickly sped The passing hours for him by labor led To full enjoyment of sleep's haven won So, when our day of life is growing dark, And time is up. though there be much to do, And we must sleep, for it is eventide, When for our last far dreamland we embark, Soft will death's pillow be for me and you, If only when our work was hard we tried. ! When roses die, all crimson glow The fading leaves that soon shall lie Upon the forest pathway low. When roses die The winds of Autumn sadly sigh. The waves are crowned with foamy snow, And shadows cross the changing sky. streamlets swiftly flow, And southward fly. swallows fickle The to long ago. My thoughts go back When roses die. Maud E. Sargent. rain-fille- d mm enfy .Jessie Taskett Nellie Wortlien Maud Xeeley 01 Kelser Alice Tate Louise Kunzler Cora Ashton I.ulu Kates Minnie Healey Mary Wright Vanilla Crofton Laura Tliacheray Josephine Gruell Rebecca Gustaveson Emma Lawrence The We present in this issue some more pictures of groups of lady students in the Latter day Saints University. movement for both the higher and practical education of women that is characteristic of the present age, has hitherto been referred to in these columns, as has also the attitude of this institution in forming this movement. The tendencies already shown by this institution to whatever makes for the advancement of our young ladies in all those studies that The home, give true culture and refinement and impart usefulness in the home, has led us to make these observations. Latter-davvhich formed and is to continue forever, if rightly in .the view of the Saints, is a divine institution, honorably maintained. No culture can be too generous, no learning too high, no acquirements too good, for use in the home. The girls of our Church schools will no doubt have advantages peculiar to our view of the heavenly character of our earthly homes, and we once more congratulate them on this f act. y ITEMS ABOUT ART. It is pleasant to note that the women artists of the State are recognized in the State Board of Art appointed by Governor Wells and the Senate of the State Legislature. At the recent election in the governing board of the Utah Art Institute, Miss Mary Teasdel was elected president, Mrs. Edna .Wells Sloan secretary, and Mrs. Alice Merrill Home treasurer all places of trust and requiring executive ability. The other officers are W. E. Ware, d H. L. A. Culmer, J. T. and George H. Taggart members of the governing board with the officers vice-preside- Har-woo- Mr. Taggart, Edwin Evans and named. Hafen John comprise the Exhibition Comand Mr. Evans, Mrs. Horne and mittee, Harry Stuttard have the appointment to the Lectureship Committee. Mrs. Julia E. Rawlins, Mrs. T. Hills and Mrs. Emma J. McVicker have charge of the "Alice Art Collection." Mr. Stuttard has just returned from New York where he has been studying for three years, and is appointed Art Instructor at the Agricultural College, Logan, in place of Miss Louise Richards, who has resigned to go to Paris this month, where she will pursue for two years the study of art. Miss Rachel Edwards and Miss Priscella Smith will leave for Paris with Dr. H. J. Richards' party on tho 16th of August. Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Harwood and children, Mrs W. J.Richards and daughters, Blanche. Louise and Lily Richards, and othe will be of the party. At the last meeting of the U. S. D. R., on suggestion of Dr. Benedict, a dozen sheets were provided by the society to supply the needs of the National Guard Hospital cots. Miss Mary Teasdel was the second Utah woman to have work exhibited at the Salon. Three miniatures and an oil poitrait were also received; the miniature 