Woman s Exponent 9 The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation Vol. 30 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY i, 1902 CONTENTS. Salt Lake Stake Memoriam Greetings to Relief Society Famous Old Liberty Bell Notes and News "Rhymelets in Many Moods" . . A Tribute of Love R. S. Reports y Ladies' Meeting Utah Woman's Press Club J. S. Woolley In B. W. Smith . . Lydia D. Alder Lydia D. Alder Semi-Monthl- L. D. Alder Editorial Official Announcement The New Year, 1902 66 66 67 67 67 69 69 69 71 71 68 68 Editorial Notes 69 Poetry The First Coming New Year Tributes One Woman's Prayer Ruth M. Fox L. L. G. Richards 65 67 Ixion 67 THE FIRST COMING. I. The shadows of evening gather, The lamps are burning low, The fire crackles cheerily. Each ember seems to glow With an unusual brightness; Without the feath'ry snow Is falling steadily, swiftly, As if to clothe the earth In her beaut' ous ermine mantle To celebrate His birth. In the rocking chair sits grandma With baby on her knee The boys and girls around her Are chatting joyously; For tomorrow, O, tomorrow What will it bring to them ? And what will it bring to grandma ? How long to wait; but then Grandma may tell a story; "O, do," the children cried, ' 'Perhaps Eanta Claus will listen To tales of Christmastide." So they drew their chairs around her, And she told in accents slow, While the baby slumbered sweetly, This tale of long ago: " 'Hail thou that art so highly favored, Blessed among women art thou,' "I will tell you a real true story, The story that never grows old, But like love on the ear softly whispered, 'Tis sweeter the oftener told. "Come with me away o'er the ocean To the land of the olive and palm; Now let us sit under the fig tree, And rest in the twilight's deep calm. "Long, long years ago it all happened; In a village of Galilee, Yonder, where the landscape is rocky, Not far from the cool inland sea. "Living there was a beautiful maiden Young, graceful, exquisitely fair, With eyes soft and tender as moonbeams; A mantle of sunshine her hair. "But lovelier far was her goodness, Rare virtue her costliest gem; Truth and chastity dwelt in her bosom, Wisdom wrought her a diadem." a princess !' they cried, "Yes, truly, "0, She was of the brave royal line; Yet her garb was so plain and simple, Her station one could not divine. "One day she sat pensively gazing Far over the waters so blue; perchance, of her future, As young maidens are wont to do. "And perhaps her thoughts wandered backward, To the day when David held sway; When close by her side stood a stranger, With countenance bright as the day. Day-dreamin- g, " 'Glory to God in the highest, Startled, for a moment bewildered. A cloud overshadowed her brow. Let the earth His praises ring. This day He brings salvation, Hosanna to our King. "So tenderly spake the grave stranger, 'Fear not, gentle Mary,' said he 'Through thee shall the world find a Savior, His message I bring unto thee.' " 'Halleluiah, halleluiah. Peace and good will to man; Hosanna, shout hosanna, To our God and the Lamb.' "Then Mary perceived 'twas an angel; Her heart beat with rapture sublime, And burst forth in songs of thanksgiving To God for His promise divine: "Softer and sweeter the music, Fainter, fainter it grows; III. " 'Behold the handmaid of the Lord, Be it according to His will; My soul doth magnify His name, The shepherds gazed and wondered, Until the vision closed. "Then each man turned to his neighbor, 'Wist ye what the angel said ? Come, let's away to Bethlehem, And find the hallowed bed. ' My spirit hath rejoiced in Him, The Holy One of Israel, He hath regarded my low estate, All generations shall call me blessed; He that is mighty hath done great things, Hosanna, hosanna to my King His mercy is on them that fear Him From generation to generation; He hath showed forth strength with His arm, He hath subdued the haughty and proud, The mighty he hath scattered afar, And exalted them of low degree. He hath filled the hungry with good things. The rich He hath sent empty away; He hath remembered our fathers, Even as he spake unto Abraham And to His seed forever.' ! IV. ! II. No. 9 "In the city of David, all day long The thoroughfares were thronged with visitors; For the great Augustus had decreed That every citizen should repair Unto his own city to be numbered, And render each his tax to Caesar. Reluctantly the sun withdrew its rays. And the filmy covering of night d the town. Inhabitants and guests Were wraped in peaceful slumber, save a few Malcontents, who, loitering in the mart, Were discussing Caesar and his doings. When, lo, two belated travelers Dusty and weary with their journey, Craved admittance to the crowded inn; But the stable alone afforded shelter And there the lovely virgin's couch was made. And there God's promise was fulfilled. O'er-sprea- V. "Out of the din of the city, Under the starlit sky, Shepherds their flocks were keeping, The midnight hour was nigh. "When behold, a radiant splendor Illumined all around. Amazement filled their bosoms And hushed was ev'ry sound. "Then out of the rays of glory An angel's voice was heard: 'Fear not, I bring glad tidings According to his word. " 'Rejoice and shout for gladness, For unto you this day, The Christ is born in Bethlehem. Up, up and haste away. " 'And sound the joyful tidings-H- e's left His Father's throne, To bring the world redemption, Your King, your Lord has come.' "Then the air was filled with music, And hark the heav'nly throng Was joining with the angel In this triumphant song: ! VI. "A singular part of my story Remaineth yet to be told; Where the glorious sun first riseth, Tinging hills and vales with gold; There were men renowned for wisdom, Well versed in scriptural lore, Who were observers of the heavens, And had scanned them o'er and o'er "For the sign which had been promised, Of the coming of the Son; For did not the scriptures testifv That Shiloh would surely come? Long, long years they'd watched and waited, When upon one peaceful night A new star graced the firmament, Which was wonderfully bright. "So they gathered up their treasures, And with faith unwavering, They started out for Bethlehem In search of Israel's King. And the star of brilliant beauty Went before them on their way Till majestically it rested, 'Over where the young child lay, ' Not o'er towering, shining turrets, O'er a gilded palace dome, Nor to halls of polished marble, Had the princely wise men come. But they found their King in a stable, With a manger for his bed; Born and nourished by a Virgin, Just as the scriptures read. "Now they praised the God of Jacob That they'd lived to see this day, When, though humble, meek and lowly, The blessed Savior lay. They had found the true Immanuel, Lord of lords, and King of kings, On their bended knees they praised him, , Gave him gifts of precious things; They gave him oriental treasures. Then exclaimed with Simeon old: 'Lord, thy salvation we have seen it, Take us new into Thy fold.' " Ruth M. Fox. The fourth triennial of the National Council of women of the United States will be held in Washington, D. C, beginning February 19, 1902, and extending probably over the 25th. Alabama has adopted its new constitution. One of its anomalous features, as an indignant Alabama lady writes, is that a man whose wife owns forty acres of land can vote in virtue of that fact, but the wife herself cannot vote even if she owns four hundred acres. 