Woman's Exponent The Ballot in the Hands oj the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation Vo1- - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 30 CONTENTS. Biographical Sketch of Fannie I. Helmuth Imperial Palace in Berlin.. L. I). Alder Marion L Pratt Virgen City Celebration Medical Congress Yrllow, Pnrple, White Maruetha Atkinson Lyman Celebration Red Cross Meets. Chicago Sweat Shops Program of Council Meeting. .Susa Y. Gates Sketch and Resolution Mary A. Ransom Essay on Relief Society Work.. A. Griffiths National Council Notes Susa Y. Gates L. D. Alder Utah Woman's Press Club The , Editorial Thirty Volumes Four Score Years Distinguished Women us have Peace. .Emily II. Wood mansee In Futuro Selected L. L. Greene Richards To the Sisters 105 106 106 106 107 107 107 109 no in in in 112 ; The heart of earth has secrets yet withholden. That wait the dawning of some future day, When angel hands from sepulchre so golden Shall roll the stone away. iog Man has not touched the zenith of creation; The godlike thought that filled Jehovah's mind Has had in him but feeble revelation, Uncertain, undefined. The days wherein Time reaches its fruition, With moments weighted with no vain regret, Those days of which the soul has sweet prevision, Draw nigh, but are not yet. Selected. BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH OF FANNIE I. HELMUTH. PoETRY-L- et 105 105 107 LET US HAVE PEACE. "Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God." Jesus. "Let us have peace." would to God we could Hasten the time when love and equity Will sway the world, and peace on earth restore; Wou Id we could tell the troubled multitude "Swords into ploughshares soon shall beaten be, Nations and tribes henceforward will agree And study war no more. Oh ! "Let us have peace." Can heaven reject the prayer ? Can heaven ignore the widow's piteous moan ? Or disregard the orphan's grievous cry? God sees His children's suffering everywhere, The mournful sigh ascends to heavens white throne. God's plans are surely broader than our own; Can aught His love outvie ? "Let us have peace." Let men their wrath restrain, Let the world's sisterhood their efforts blend. That strife may wane and happiness increase. Ambitious greed, that would advantage gain Must loose its hold, ere direful war will end; Inspire the race, Almighty Lord and Friend To speed the reign of peace. Emily H. Woodman see, Salt Lake City, May, 1902. IN FUTURO. It seems to me the bud of expectation Has not yet swollen to the perfect flower That with its wondrous fragrant exhalation The world of faith will dower. The lamps we light are but the stars of promise, The faintest reflex of a distant sun That wakes an eager salutation from us, Till nobler heights are won. The past was but the preface to the story In which the romance of our lives is wrought; The deeds that win imperishable glory Live scarcely in our thought. Whtte'er we do falls short of our intending; The structure lacks the beauty we design; And tortured angels to their home ascending, Depart and leave no sign. By all the doubts and trials that so vex us, By all the falls and failures that annoy, By all the strange delusions that perplex us, And yield no fruit of joy. We know that unto mortals is not given The strength or knowledge that is yet in store For us, ere yet we walk the streets of heaven, And dream of heaven no more. port of Hakodadi, in northern Japan, which was not reached for thirty-sihours, and assistance obtained. Mrs. Helmuth is fond of art in all forms, especially paintings. Also of old china, and is extremely proficient in embroidery. She and her husband were connected with the St. Louis Sanitary Fair Commission, and had charge of the Art Department. Became a member of Sorosis in February 1876, not many years after it was founded, and held various offices. Although her first election to the presidency was opposed was unanimous, as by some her confidence won of all during had she the first term. She the administration of her served also on the Executive Committee many terms. of the In 1894 was elected New York State Federation of Women's Clubs, acting for one year of her term in the place of the president, during the illness of that officer. Was then elected 1896-9in and re elected 1898-190President thus serving as President of that boily longer than any one else. Upon the expiration of her term of office she was, on November 19, 1900, presented with a loving cup by the clubs over whom she had for so long, as well as so gracefully and acceptably presided, the presentation taking place at the close of the convention in the Assembly Chamber in the Capital at Albany, where the sessions had been held. A former associate officer writes of her: "She has great skill in conducting large meetings as a presiding officer of experIn the chair she is just ience and ability. and impartial, with a ready wit, even temper and enduring physique, which enable her at all times to hold her house well The distinguishing point of the in hand. large conventions over which she has presided as State President is the apparent ease with which she maintained order and peace often in the face of unpromising possibilities. By her work in the chair she turned the New York State Federation from a small and imperfectly bound organization, with many factions, into a close-kn- it The loving whole of united mind. Federation the of was the recognition cup of these facts." Mis Helmuth has been elected honorary of many organizations both in mer-beOne club of this country and in Europe. which she is a member is composed entirely of the wives of physicians. She has been presented from time to time with seventy-nin- e badges, most of them by clubs throughout the city and state of New York, in token of the regard in which she is held. In 1 90 1 she accepted the chairmanship of the Industrial School Committee, the welfare of which she has much at heart, as it has for its object to provide a school where girls may receive training necessary to become in occupations other than those afforded by stores, etc. Also in 1 90 1 she founded in New York City the "West Point Chapter of the x 108 108 N 15, 1902 PRESIDENT NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN. Fannie Ida Helmuth, born in New York memCity, of patriotic family, twenty-tw- o bers having fought in the Revolution on Ancestors lived in the American side. New York from 1672, but during her early childhood her parents moved to St. Louis, where, her father entered business as a banker, and was the organizer, captain and afterwards colonel, of the first company of militia of the National guards in that city. Took a keen interest in charitable work of all kinds from the time she was ten years old, and especially in the Orphans' Home of St. Louis, of which her mother was first directress. Was the first woman to drive over the Steel arch bridge constructed at St. Louis across the Mississippi River by the well known engineer, Captain James B. Eads, the captain being her escort. Was also the first woman to make the trip on the Missouri Pacific Railroad to Indian Territory, and the first on the Ohio and Mississippi, after the opening of those roads and the retirement ot stage coaches. Was married to William Tod Helmuth, in St. Louis, February 10, 1859 three children, two of them are living. Has always taken great interest and pride in her husband's advancement in his profession, and his welfare is always considered first. She and her husband moved to New York in 1870, and three hospitals in that city had their beginning in her On one occasion $100,000 was house. raised in two weeks, during the first year she was in New York, by means of a fair, fcr the benefit of one of these hospitals. For another a fair was given and $10,000 was realized. Mrs. Helmuth also founded and for eleven years was president of the Woman's Guild of the New York Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital. Visited Japan in 1892. . The party was caught in a typhoon on the way to Myon-oshitand was in. great danger for several It was only by the strenous hours. efforts of Dr. and Mrs. Helmuth that the frightened guides could be induced to go forward to safety. On the way home, two days out from Yokohama, the ship was discovered to be on fire in one of the large Finding it impossible to compartments. control the flames the captain made for the a, vice-preside- nt 8, r non-sectari- self-supporti- 