WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Susan B. Anthony, Mrs. Canie Chapman Catt.and Miss Goldenstien of Australia, with others, and attended the receptions given in honor of that great organization; she was everywhere warmly welcomed. Mrs Young also attended the National Council of Women of the United States, and was presShe ent at the receptions given for them. a of and had the visited the Hall Ancients, Mormon-ison most interesting conversation After with the gentleman in charge. leaving Washington she visited in Baltimore for some time and also in New York and Chicago, at each of these places she had a most enjoyable time. Leaving Chicago she went to Minneapolis and Decorah, where she visited with relatives and attended weddings and college celebrations. There is no doubt that she removed much prejudice, although she did not perhaps do Such visits among any public speaking. the people will be sure to sew good seed that may hereafter spring up and bear fruit, or be as bread cast upon the waters. m The coronation of King Edward and of Queen Alexandria, is an event in the history of the world that cannot be passed over without recognition, even in our little The ceremony was not as great a paper. as it gave promise of being at first, pageant on account of its postponement, but contrary to the superstitions of some of the "wise men" who profess to read the future, it actually took place August 9, A. D. 1902 Many glowing descriptions of the pomp and magnificence of the affair have been given in the journals of the day all over the world, and our readers are familiar with the subject, we are well aware, but at some future time we ope to have an article giving a few of the details by an that will be appropriate for record in the Woman's Exponent. Tbejwomen of Zion loved and honored Queen Victoria. Her son, who succeeds her as monarch of the realm over which she so ably reigned for many long years, and his estimable wife, the queenly woman who is now crowned, are necessarily both of interest to the world at large, because of the undisputed position they occupy in the British Empire. eje-witnes- s, RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. So many reports from the several Stakes of Zion have accumulated, and we are so anxious to do justice to all, that in this one instance we decided to condence tbem and It is utclear "the docket" for the time terly impossible, unless we had a weekly paper, to publish minutes of conferences from each of the fifty Stakes, besides missions. However the editor wishes the minutes of the conferences sent here to the headquarters, so as to keep in touch with the work in its entirety, and rest assured there is a desire to be informed through Counselors Jane Bench and Abbie Shoe- maker. Sisters Bridget Shand and Rebecca Wareham also spoke a short time, the former upon charity, and the latter bore a strong testimony of the Prophet Joseph and the days of Nauvoo. relating many interesting reminiscences. Afternoon exercises commenced with The officers of the singing and prayer. General Relief Society and of that Stake were presented and sustained by unanimous vote. The speakers of the afternoon were President Cox, Sister Larsen, of Castle Dale, Sisters Sarah J. Lowry, Maria Wiebye and Elizabeth Higgs; subjects vere faith and testimony bearing, healing of the sick, redemption of the dead, observance of Sabbath and Fast day, donating to the Woman's Building, etc President John B. Maiben addressed the conference. Refered to the inspiration that prompted the Prophet to organize the Relief Society, the great events now transpiring and the recognition by the world of many truths taught by this people, also spoke eloquently of the mission of Christ. Sisters Shoemaker, Bench and Wareham each spoke a few words touching upon the Word of Wisdom, the evils of slander, storing of grain and other matters of great moment. Conference adjourned for three months, Prayer by President Wareham. Etta Anderson, Sec. MARICOPA. The Relief Society of the Maricopa Stake, held March 20, 1902, at Mesa, Arizona, President Mabel A. Hakes presiding. All the wards were reported as doing well, except Papago Ward, where the president had moved away. President Hakes stated that her first counselor, Francelle E. Robson, was sick and unable to attend the conference. A statistical and financial report was given, and it was stated the officers had visited every ward during the last three months. A recent fire had destroyed books, wheat, and everything belonging to the Lehi Ward Reliet Society. Annual Day, March 17th, had been observed in some of the wards, but there had been much sickness in the Stake. The Woman's Building was spoken of and also the annual fee. Encouragement to persevere in every good work and a deep interest in the Gospel was manifest. Annie E. Fuller, Sec. BEAVER. Conference of the Relief Society of Beaver Stake, held at Minersville, May 29, 1902, Counselor Mary A. White presiding. Visitors from Salt Lake City of the General First Counselor Annie Taylor Board, Treasurer Clarissa S.Williams; aland Hyde of General so the Board, Sister Julia P. M. this and other correspondence of the growth ns worth. Far and spirit of this great and grand organizaAfter singing, prayer and reading of tion. minutes, Counselor White made opening SANPETE. SOUTH remarks, welcoming the visitors and all presConference held March 7, 1902, at Manti, ent in a happy manner. Wards reported were Beaver, by PresiPresident Alvira L. Cox presiding. After the usual opening exercises and reading of dent J. W. Bickley, Greenville, President minutes, the president addressed the meet- Margaret Williams; Minersville, President ing, congratulating the sisters and express- Susan Roberts. Counselor Annie T. Hyde referred to the ing regret that none of the General Board Relief from were present. Society in Nauvoo, in a very interSatisfactory reports the several branches in the Stake were esting way, encouraged the reading of the given, and brief remarks were made by Book of Doctrine and Covenants and other . 29 Church works in their sewing meetings, admonished the sisters to be faithful, and spoke interestingly of the Woman's Building. Sister J. P. M. Farns worth spoke of the Memorial Building to be erected, and ot her desire that all the sisters should have their names enrolled in the fund for the Woman's Building, made other excellent remarks. Sisters Betsy Goodwin, Ada Rollins and Counselor H. E. Fotheringham, also Elder George Eyre spoke upon the benefits of the Relief Society and encouraged the performance of duties in the home, and particularly the training of children. In the afternoon General and Stake officers of the Relief Society were presented and sustained, and a beautiful duet nras rendered by two of the Minersville sisters. Sister Clarissa S Williams spoke on the duties of parents and mothers, the necessity of prayer and unselfishness, and her appreciation of the work of the Relief Society Sister Mary Farley gave some excellent advice and Sister Julia Farns worth spoke of the society, "Daughters of the Pioneers," thought it a good thing to keep alive in the minds of the young people the remembrance of what the fathers and mothers had gone through; also thought it the duty of every woman to look as beautiful as possible, we ought to take a few minutes each day to make ourselves beautiful. Mentioned a little book they had brought with them, encouraged the sisters to buy them. Counselor A. T. Hyde spoke of her experience in the East this last winter, and related an incident which gave her an idea of their opinion of this people; exhorted the sisters to watch over the boys and girls and avoid all appearance of evil. Sisters Eyre and Rachel Marshall each spoke a few moments, and President White gave good instructions, encouraging the sister. A fine solo was rendered by President J. W. Bickley. Counselor M. A. White made closing remarks and announced that a meeting would be held in the Beaver meeting house in the evening. Benediction by Bishop Wm. Edwards. Fannie E. Harris, Act. Sec. NORTH SANPETE. Relief Society Conference of North Sanpete Stake was held at Spring City, June 9. 1902, President Mina Erickson presidThere was a goodly number of sising. ters present, and visitors from the General Board were Sisters E. J. Stevenson and Phebe Y. Beatie. After a welcome by the president reports were given by Sister Jones of Milburn; President Guy man, Fountain Green; President Edmunds, Wales; President Allred, Chester; President Simonson, Freedom. The beautiful music by Miss Acord and Mrs. Peterson. Other reports were Sister Fountain Green; President Can-dac- e Johnson, Mt. Pleasant North Ward; Wheeler, Sister Mary Frantzen, Spring City. . President C. N. Lund then addressed the sisters and expressed his views upon the purpose of storing grain, and urged the sisters to replace the wheat which had been disposed of Made excellent suggestions. Sister Allred was pleased with the explanation made by President Lund about the wheat, thought the storing of wheat 