WOMAN'S EXPONENT' ards and his wife, who are on a visit in California. Too much cannot be said in praise of the labors of this energetic, devout and E MM E LINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. President of the Relief Society of the Sister Richards deWeber Stake of Zion. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published serves the fullest appreciation of the people Terms: one copy one year. JSi.oo; one copy six months, No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivamong whom she has labored so industri50 cts ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Assuredly she has ously and diligently. A fvertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel fulfilled Solomon's words, "She stretcheth space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal disout her hand to the poor, she reacheth count to regular advertisers. South office Room Temple 507 Templeton, Exponent forth her hand to the neidy;" and all must Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every admit "her own works praise her within day, except Sunday. the gates." Address all business communications tc Sister Richards referred lovingly to the Mrs. E. B. WELLS. who had cooporattd with her in her sisters Salt Lake City, Utah in the Stake and gave due credit to labors Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, os made by them in helping on efforts the s matter. the building. The hall stands a landmark, a monument for the future of the Salt Lake City, Utah, October i & 15, 1902 and noble courage of the sisters in attempting such an undertaking without OFFICERS AND GENERAL BOARD. money in the treasury. President M. I. Home, of Salt Lake OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY OF THE CHURCH Stake, and Sarah J. Cannon, her first SAINTS. OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTER-DAcounselor, Mary E. Lightner, of Miners-villBathsheba W. Smith, General President; one of the oldest members in the Annie T. Hyde, First Counselor; Ida Smoot Church and a powerful speaker, Annie T. Dusenberry, Second Counselor; Emmeline Hyde, First Counselor in the General B. Wells, General Secretary; Clarissa S. Relief Society, Emmeline B. Wells General Williams, General Treasurer. Secretary in the Relief Soeiety, and PresiPresidents Jane S. Richards, Sarah J. dent Bathsheba W. Smith, of the General Cannon, M. Isabella Home Romania B. Relief Society were the other sisters who Pratt, Susan Grant, Martha A. Cannon, made brief remarks upon the great work of EmmaS. Woodruff, Julina L. Smith, Emily the society organized by the Prophet Joseph S. Richards, Ellis R. Shipp, Julia P. M. so long ago, and its rapid advancement Farnsworth, Elizabeth J. Stevenson, Phebe since that period, commending the labors Young Beatie, Carrie S. Thomas, Alice of Sister Richards both as a presiding Merrill Home, Annie Wells Cannon, Pris-cill- a officer for twenty-fiv- e years and her exP. Jennings, Margaret A. Caine. ecutive ability in managing affairs, and in Missionaries: Harriet Ann Badger, the building of the first Relief Society T. Nuttall. Mary T. Smith, RebecSophia Stake House ca E. Little, Elizabeth S. Wilcox, Mary A. President John R. Winder, Patriarch C. Lambert, Leilia Merrill Allen. John Smith, Bishop McKay of Huntsville, Bishop Bernard White and some other elderly brethren made brief remarks, there THREE QUARTERS OF A CENTURY. was some fine music by young lady singDedication of Relief Society Stake House ers and altogether the exercises of the day were harmoniously in keeping with the WEBER STAKE OF ZION. At the work. spirit of the Latter-da- y JULY 19, I902. close the Doxology was sung by the congregation, and the benediction was pro(Conclusion.) nounced by President John R. Winder. Afternoon session, President Jane S. Richards presiding. On the stand were A BOOK FOR THE HOLIDAYS. many veteran brethren and sisters Eleven years ago and more, the writer Meeting opened by singing, "Now let us rejoice in the day of Salvation." Prayer obtained the copyright of a book of stories Circumby President L. W. Shurtliff. Singing, she had written for publication. stances prevented bringing out the book at "Gloious things are sung of Zion." The speakers of the afternoon were the time, and although repeated efforts President Jane S. Richards, who gave a to publish have been made since none have little sketch of the thought and purpose of succeeded. The writer has now decided to the building, and alluded feelingly to those publish by subscription if a sufficient number of persons can be secured who are willwho had assisted with means and encouragethis in connection mentioned the ment; ing to pay beforehand, so as to give the D. of H. Brother liberality Perry, (since publishers a guarantee to undertake the his generous gift, and that of his work. The book will be entitled "Aunt departed) wife afterwards, and Bishop Bernard Em's Stories of Long Ago." It will conWhite, who had given the land, spoke tain "Hephzibah," which caused quite a beautifully of Mrs. Fred Kiesel, who, sensation when it appeared as a serial in though not a "Mormon" had noticed Mrs. 1889' "Aunt Esther's Sweetheart," "Some Kichards ministering to all in need of all Old Love Letters," "He Cometh Not," faiths, or no faith, and thanked all who and other short stories. The stories are all had in any way contributed towards founded upon facis of course the names the erection of the hall and its furnishing. are fictitious, necessarily. During the afternoon a check was reAny one desiring further particulars may ceived by Mrs. Richards from a friend, of one obtain them by writing to this office. If hundred dollars, and a modest tribute w as possible to raise the money the book will paid to Brothers F. S. and C. C. Richards, be on sale at Christmas and during the who had given so liberally. Sister Richards holidays. Any money taken in will be stated that a telegram of congratulations, receipted for, and returned if the book js not fead begu received, from Franklin S. Richr issued, Woman's Exponent far-seei- semi-monthl- y, econd-clas- self-sacrific- e Y e, DAUGHTERS OF THE REVOLUTION. The Utah Society of the Daughters ot the Revolution were entertained in September (the 17th) at the home of Mrs. Lewis M. Cannon. The rooms were prettily decorated for the occasion with the Colonial colors in which the gorgeous sunflowers were most conspicuous, the blue vases and bowls taking the second piece in the display. The meeting was a very interesting one, the first after the adjournment during the hot weather, and, in fact, the first with the new officers. The paper was by Mrs. Isabel M. W. Sears and treated of that period ot the "The Revolution, events of 1778-17of alliance of France. peace Proposals Battle of Monmouth. made by England. Attack of Newport. French fleet sails to West Indies. English occupy Savannan. Massacre of Wyoming and Cherry Valleys. British capture Augusta. Siege of Savannah. Paul Recapture of Stony Point. Jones and U. S. Navy." The paper was read by Mrs. Lucy W. Smith, as Mrs. Seats could not be present. The Paul Jones and United States navy portions were freely discussed and commented upon, and extracts will be published in this paper later on. After the meeting adjourned the conversation became general and chocolate, cream and delicious dainties were served and a delightful time enjoyed by the members and guests present. 79. October 16 the Utah Society was entertained by Mrs. ' Myra Y. Rossiter and a The eledelightful afternoon was spent. were with festooned flags and gant parlors stars the colonial and and everywhere strips colors were in evidence. Autumn flowers in abundance were used in decorating. The paper was by Mrs. Caroline Y. Cannon and was read by her daughter, Mrs. Willard T. Cannon. The paper contained, events of 1780-17Battle of "Siege of Charleston. Camden. Exploits of Marion, Sumpter, Lee and Pickens. Battle of King's Mountain. Treason of Arnold. Battle of Cow-penGreen's retreat through the Caro-linaBattle of Guilford Court House. of Yorktown. Close of the war." Siege After the reading of the paper some comments were made, all complimentary to the writer and reader. Mrs. Julia F. Lund related what she had heard in Philadelphia concerning Mrs. Arnold's ignorance of her husband's treachery. It is said of her that she would have remained in the United States but for the intense bitterness which it was thought might result disastrously; on that account she was induced to leave her home and friends. Delicious refreshments, ices, etc., were served, and the usual enlivening conversation indulged in, and the guests and members of the society enjoyed a pleasant hour of intellectual recreation. 81. s. s. A WORK OF ART. By courtesy of Miss Ada Patterson we have received the new book recently issued, entitled "By the Stage Door." The book is very handsomely bound and the entire work is done in the latest style, typograph ieally, and taken as a whole, is artistic. Miss Ada Patterson and Miss Victory Bateman collaborated in preparing it for the press, and the book bears the two names, 