WOMAN'S io8 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE D. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of noupariel disspace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 507 Tenipleton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, semi-monthl- y, Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as Salt Lake City, Utah, 5 May 15, 1902. THIRTY VOLUMES. Perhaps there are only a few of our readers who realize that it is now thirty yeais since this little paper, the Woman's-Exponenfirst made its exit into the world of thought and action. This number closes the thirtieth volume, and all who are interested in the movement for woman's advancement and enfranchisement cannot help thinking, how much they are indebted to this little organ of ours for the information and intelligence which has been spread through its columns from time to time ever since its first issue on the first day of June, 1872. The women of Utah were among the first to have a woman's paper; at that time there were but very few in the United States and almost none elsewhere. The Woman's Journal of Boston is only three years and a half older, and is the one woman's paper which has continued during all that period regularly. The Woman's Tribune, of Washington, D. C, is a number of years behind the "Exponent." contains the general information needed for their work. Whenever any celebration is to be held among the women of Zion, such as the anniversary of the first organ-zatio- n orPeace demonstrations,and the like, then the "Exponent" is called in question immediately. Silk culture, Fairs, Bazars and the Suffrage cause, and in fact, all progressive movements, have been proThe sisters moted 'through its pages. scarcely comprehend what this little paper has done for them during the last thirty years; outside among the branches of the Church in other countries and in places remote it has rendered good service in the cause of truth as well as in helping along the organizations. Biographical sketch e of the lives of many of our gocd sisters have been published from time to time, and the deaths of hundreds whose good works have been made known and their names thus perpetuated. It has contained many testimonies of the Gospel and its benefits and a large number of minutes of the meetings and conferences in the different Stakes of Zion and in other parts of the world. All the General Conferences of the Relief Society have been published, and in fact, it is a record of woman's work and particularly of the Relief Society. If the sisters could realize the importance of having a paper of their own and the prestige it gives to their work, surely they would bestir themselves to obtain subscriptions and make the paper so prosperous that there could be no possible reason lor complaint as to irregularity. Let us hope for a more hopeful outlook in the coming time so that such improvements may be made as will keep pace with the more modern times and better- supply the needs of the women now engaged in the larger work of practical progression and social uplifting of the masses of the people, who are looking for light, knowledge and wisdom that may help them in their homes and to rear their families in righteousness. . Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at the Post tecond-clas- s matter. EXPONENT t, It really seems strange that the sisters who ought to be deeply interested in the "Exponent" should be apparently so indifferent to its interest. It is impossible to publish papers or books without money. Recently we heard the editors of the Woman's Journal say they had been obliged to put four thousand dollars more into the Journal to help it along. There have been before gifts made to that publication from rich people, which have helped The Woman's Journal very materially. has an immense circulation because it is non sectarian and is maintained along such lines as to make it very popular; whereas the Womans Exponent is the organ of our Latter-da- y Saint women and distinctively the expression of women of our faith, which has always been unpopular. Nevertheless our women ha?e broad views on general questions, such as suffrage and higher education, yet the very fact that it is a "Mormon" woman's paper would limit its circulation outside in the world; consequently it must depend entirely upon the patronage of our own people. Our sisters should rally to its support and help to make it a more desirable medium of communication than it ever has been in the past. It would be an easy matter if the Relief Society officers everywhere would advocate it earnestly; for the Relief Society is the largest and strongest organization we have, and this is the paper that - FOUR SCORE YEARS. Joseph F. Smith and his Counselors were present, with members of their families, also Bishop Wm. B. Preston and wife; Patriarch John Smith and wife; Apostle John Henry Smith and wife; Apostle Hyrum M. Smith and wife; and some of Sister Smith's dearest friends, veteian sisters among whom she has labored many years; among these were Sisters M. Isabella Home and Jane S. Richards also Sister Lucy W. Kimball and others. Sisters Hannah and Susan Smith, of her husband's family, and her own daughter and husband, Brother and Sister Clarence Merrill, with a number of granddaughters and grandsons, their children and some great grandchildren. A delicious feast was partaken of spread upon small tables seating three or four guests, and a genuine feeling of good fellowship pervaded the happy groups. President Joseph F. Smith pronounced the blessing. After the supper tables were cleared away there was a sort of impromptu program of speeches and recitations; many of the sisters who were called spoke in the highest terms of praise of the guest of the occasion, and of her labors in the family, President the home and the Church. Smith conducted the exercises and called upon most of those present to express themselves and all seemed to enter into and partake of the goodly spirit and feeling of the assembly. There was also some piano music and singing, one or two humorous recitations and sufficient variety to make the time enjoyable. The Exponent adds its warmest congratulations and good wishes, and hopes and trusts Sister Bathsheba's life may be prolonged, until she is satisfied with her mission here upon earth, and may the many blessings she has bestowed upon her fellow laborers be multiplied upon her posterity, and her living example of faithfulness inspire not her children alone, but all the youth of Israel to strive for righteousness and to be valiant for the truth. In thinking of Sister Smith one cannot but recall the poet's words: 'Touch us gently, Time Let us glide adown thy stream ! A happy anniversary celebration was commemorated on Saturday, May 3, 1902, in the handsome old parlors at the historic Bee Hive House, the occasion being the eightieth birthday anniversary of Sister Bathsheba W. Smith, one of the most noble mothers in Israel in this dispensation of the fulness of times in which many noble women, as well as distinguished men have taken part. Sister Smith occupies at the present time the highest place of honor among the Latter-daSaint women, president of the Relief Society of the Church of Latter-daSaints in all the world. It is therefore most appropriate her name should be known among our people, and honors accorded her befitting the position she holds. Aside from this she is greatly beloved for her many virtues, integrity to the Gospel, her faithfulness to its principles and her many good works and deeds of mercy and of love. A hundred or more invited guests assembled about two or three in the afternoon and offered congratulations, wishing many happy returns of the day, and bringing flowers and other gifts. A fine gold watch chain was presented to her by the sisters who work in the Temple. President Gently, as we sometimes glide Through a quiet dream. Humble voyagers are we O'er life's dim unsounded sea, Seeking only some calm clime, Touch us gently, gentle Time." Surely time has touched Sister Smith gently, and yet her life has not been a summer dream, but full of changes, rich with experience from which she has gathered much wisdom and happiness. y y DISTINGUISHED WOMEN. Tuesday, May 13, the New York delegation of women who had been in Los Angeles attending the Biennial of the Federation of Clubs, paid a flying visit to Salt Lake City on their homeward trip. Arrangements had been made beforehand to entertain them by committees appointed from the two great organizations of women, viz., the Relief Society and Y. . M. I. A., and the plans formulated were carried out very successfully, except that the R. R. train was two hours late. However they were met. at the station by a number of ladies in carriages and escorted to the Tabernacle and listened to the Re- L-N- 