WOMAN'S EXPONENT After the close of the meeting the guests from a distance repaired to the upper hall to partake of supper in readiness for those The who had a long ride before them. Huntsville sisters were most hospitable in their entertainment, and we shall ever remember the great pleasure of the visit with The carriage ride those good people. was delightful, and through Ogden canon altogether the day was one never to be EDITORIAL NOTES. The annual meeting of the Relief Society of Omnon Ward was held on Friday, August 8, at the residence of the president, The parlors Sister Caroline Y. Cannon. and large hall were handsomely decorated for the occasion with beautiful flowers. After singing, the opening prayer was offered by Patriarch Williams, and Mrs. Willard T. Cannon sang a solo, "Consider the Lilies How They Grow." Minutes of the meeting in 1901 were read by the secretary, Sister Martha T. Cannon, and some statements made in regard to work Brief reaccomplished during the year. the marks were made by president and by the former president, Sister Sarah J. Cannon, also by Sisters Sarah Davey, E. B. After the Wells and Phebe Y. Beatie. delicious refreshments exercises closing were served and a social hour was enjoyed. Mrs. Cannon is a fine presiding officer and a genial hostess. Conferences attended and Stakes visited since the July number of the paper was published are Davis, Big Horn, Summit, Fremont, Teton, Bingham, Millard Weber Stake was omited and Uintah. in the last list published. Those who have visited are President Bathsheba W. Smith, First Counselor Annie T. Hyde, President M. Isabella Home, Counselor Sarah J. Cannon, Sisters EmmelineB. Wells, Julina L. Smith, Emma Woodruff, Elizabeth J. Stevenson, Julia P. M. Farnsworth, Phebe Y. Beatie, Margaret A. Caine, Lydia D. Alder, Harriet Ann Badger and L. L. Greene Richards. This makes forty Stakes Visited so far this year since the April conference. Besides these Stakes, Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenberry has visited the branches of the Relief Society in the California mission, and it was anticipated that Sister Susa Young Gates would visit the Relief Society in Copenhagen, and if time would permit other branches of the society in the Scandinavian mission. The work is growing rapidly and tnere is great need of younger women who are better able to travel in the interests of the organizations. The labor of ministering to the needy and caring for the sick and unfortunate should commend itself to all the young women in the Church to lend a helping hand. Samuel D. Davis. Continued by singing the God, "My spring of all my joys." President Milton H. Welling stated that Sister Hoskins who had labored so ' faithfully for fourteen years as president of the Malad Stake Relief Society was honorably released on account of poor health. A vote of thanks was given to the retiring presidency. Sister Julia A. Richards was sustained as president, with Sisters Alice A. Smith and Eliza V. Ward as counselors and Sister Eliza A. Hall secretary. Prof. Woosley sang "Mother is the Best Sweetheart of All." Sister Madsen rejoiced to meet with the sisters of this Stake. We enjoy a glorious in privilege administering to our sick, let us be faithful to the sacred trust placed in us, never let the poor suffer whether they Let kindbelong to our Church or not. ness and love abound among the sisters of the Relief Society. Sister Julia Brixen said there are many temptations laid for the youth of Zion. Mothers have confidence in your sons and daughters, and strive to draw them near unto you, prayed that the youth of Zion might be protected from sin. Apostle Cowley spoke of the kind and Asked gentle influence in this meeting. to solicit sons and the mothers their to interest in the take an earnest daughters work of God. Hoped the young people would cultivate a spirit of charity and virtue. Many young people have been saved by taking the counsel of their mothers. We want our children to be prepared to stand in power, and carry off the kingdom The Prophet Joseph Smith of God. turned the key for the advancement of Asked the women in this dispensation. children to honor their parents. The choir sang "We thank Thee, O Meeting adjourned God, for a prophet." until 2 p. m. Benediction by Brigham Jones. Conference convened promptly at 2 p. m. Meeting opened by singing, "God moves in a mysterious way." Prayer by Services continued Sister Annie Sawyer. by singing, "Earth with her ten thousand flowers. ' ' 21 BEAR LAKE STAKE. Minutes of Relief Society conference held in Paris 1st ward hall, June 2, 1902, President Julia P. Lindsay presiding. "O Jesus, the Opened by singing, Giver.". Prayer by President Budge. Visitors Singing, ' Great Gcd attend." from the General Board present, Sisters E. B. Wells and S. J. Cannon. Minutes of last conference read and approved. Pans 1st ward reported by President J. Stueki; Paris 2nd ward, Sarah Ashley; Bloomington, Sister Patterson; St. Charles. Sister Young; Fish Haven, Sister Nelson; Ovid, Sister Jensen. Sister J. P. Lindsay reported the Stake; felt satisfied with the reports that had been given, praised the sisters for their liberality and for responding when any call was made upon them and felt encouraged in the outlook for the future. Sister Sarah J. Cannon gave excellent counsel. Said, "Do not speak evil of each other, build each other up." Contrasted the difference now with our 30,000 members, to the few at the first organization. Referred to the changes in regard to the rights of women in the last few years. Spoke of, building houses to meet in and granaries, but felt we should never forget the poor and sick, always be willing to help our Bishops, and then when we need help we can with justice ask them to help us. Advised peace at home, and then pur children would be peaceful citizens and obedient to the priesthood. Gave good advice in regard to taking care of wheat, Thought there were many opportunities for presenting and explaining Gospel items Related some of her own conversations with people where many questions were asked. Through her being inspired to take a "Voice of Warning" once, quite a few people perused its pages and made further inquiries into the Gospel. Urged mothers not to hide the faults of their children from their father, but be a helpmate to him. Spoke of her three sons on missions, and said how necessary it was for us to instruct our children in their youth in everything that is right and good. "May the Lord shower His blessings down upon us is my prayer for us all." The Sheep, Creek ward was then reported by Sister Perkins. Sister E. B. Wells was nappy to be with us. Said, "Sister Smith, our beloved piesident, sends her love to you all." She then spoke of the book entitled, "The General Relief Society: Officers, Objects and Status." Recommended the book and thought a history of the Relief Society would be written in the near future. Alluded to the 17th of March anniversaries and said see that the annual fees are legul-arlpaid. Spoke briefly of the magnitude of the society and of the greatness of the work in various lands. Asked the Lord to bless us in the name of Jesus. Closed bv s:nnng "How firm a foundation." Benediction by James H. Hart. Afternoon session commenced at 2 p. in., President J. S- - Lindsay presiding. Opened by singing "O God, our help in ages past " Prayer by J. R. Shepherd. Singing, "As the dew from heaven distill- President Julia A. Richards felt to magnify her calling in the Relief Society," felt it a duty to live up to her privileges. Counselor Eliza V. Ward hoped to be able to do her duty in her calling as a Stake officer. Secretary Eliza A. Hall expressed her desire to do her duty and gain a salvation with the faithful. Sister Emilia D. Madsen said, "How perfect is the work of these organizations. Sister Dusenbury sends love to all the sisters. Let us center our minds on the work of our Heavenly Father." Spoke of the Woman's Building and the 17th of March celebration, and the peace meetings that have been held, of our duties to the sick R. S. REPORT. and poor. MALAD STAKE. The officers of the General Board were Minutes of Malad Stake Relief Society sustained by unanimous vote. President William H. Gibbs spoke of the conference held in Malad City, June 23, On the stand were Apostle M. F. good work that had been done by the reIQ02. Cowley, Sister Emilia D. Madsen one of tiring presidency of the Stake Relief the General Board of the Relief Society, Society and asked God's blessings on all assembled. President Milton H. Welling and counselThe choir sang "The Spirit of God like ing." in the of Relief Society ors, and presidents Benediction by Presiis burning," fire a Liberty ward reported by Sister Austin; Stake. 7 Sister Agnes Pierson; RayWard. dent Moroni choir Montpelier, singing Meeting opened by the A. mond and Sec. Elder Eliza Georgetown, report read by "Redeemer of Israel." Hall, Prayer by y I 