WOMAN'S 68 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS. Editor and Publisher. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year. $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: E&ch square, ten lines of nonparie1 space one time $2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal to regular advertisers. semi-monthl- y, nt Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple Street-- Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Entered at the Post second-clamatter. upon ourselves, but have been called in the order of the holy Priesthood, and we humbly desire to magnify the callings given to us of the Lord, and in order to do so acceptably, we shall need the faith and support of the First Presidency of the Church, the Apostles, presidents of Stakes and Bishops, whom we ever feel to uphold, and with whom we desire to work in. harmony, and to merit at all times their confidence and blessing. Signed, Bathsheba W. Smith, General President. Annie Taylor Hyde, First Counselor. Ida Salt Lake City. Utah Office in Salt Lake Ctty, Ltah, a Lake City. Utah, Dusenberry, Second Counselor. General Secretary. January i, Clarissa Smith Williams, 1902. General Treasurer. Salt Lake City, Dec. 30, 1901. OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT. Official announcement of tke organization of the General Presidency of the Relief Society. To the officers and members of the several Stakes and branches of the Relief Society in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. Our Father in heaven, who doeth all things well, has seen fit to call home to a better world our beloved and revered president, Sister Zina D. H. Young, after a long life of active usefulness, and blessed ministrations in the spirit ot the Gospel, and the calling assigned her by the Priest hood of the Church, of which she was a faithful member. She passed peacefully away August 28, 1901, beloved by all who knew her, and many thousands bless and honor her memory. "Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth Yea, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labors: and their works do follow them." Smoot Emmeline B. Wells, ss Salt EXPONENT. On Tuesday, October 31, 1901, Sister Bathsheba W. Smith was elected to fill the vacancy caused by the demise of the late president, Sister Young, and at the special conference ot the Lhurch, bunday, Novem ber 10, 1 90 1, Sister Smith was sustained as president of the Relief Society in all the Her counselors, who had been world. previously chosen were also sustained; they are Sister Annie Taylor Hyde and Sister Ida Smoot Dusenberry, also Sister Emmeline B. Wells, secretary, and Sister Clarissa Smith Williams, treasurer. These are the general officers that were sustained at the special conference by vote of all the quorums of the Priesthood, and the mem bers of the Church who were present on that memorable occasion. We unitedly join with our sisters and co laborers here in Zion and abroad in al parts of the world in gratitude to our Father in heaven for His innumerable blessings, that have been manifest ever since the society was first organized by the Prophet Joseph Smith in' Nauvoo, Illinois, March 17, 1842, now nearly sixty years ago; and we humbly beseech the blessings and guidance of our heavenly Father, to direct all our future efforts, and pray that the Holy Spirit may be with those who labor in any capacity therein, and bless their ministrations however lowly their calling may be We have not taken these responsibilities THE NEW YEAR, 1902. A Happy New Year to all our readers, patrons and friends, and may it prove a more prosperous one to our dear little Exponent, financially and otherwise Great advancement is being made in many directions and along many lines of pro gress, and the sisters of the Relief Society who expect official information and instruction through the Exponent, should make a diligent effort to extend its circulation more widely than hitherto. The year nineteen hundred and two has been ushered in with every indication of prosperity and the people have every blessing needful for their comfort and sus tenance in this goodly land. The Latter-da- y Saints are in the enjoyment of so many things to be thankful for among others peace, freedom from oppression, and opportunity of spreading the Gospe of light and truth for the salvation of the living and the redemption of the dead There is much to be grateful for and the Lord is multiplying His blessings from day to day and from time to time Throughout the United States conditions are changing for the better, and especially is uus tne case in regard to tne woman question; to be sure the world over, much has been effected during the last few years. It began in America and has been carried to many countries. In Washington, D. C , at the Annual Convention of the National American Woman Suffrage Association, which will open February 12 many countries will be represented by delegates and In fact it will be international speakers. in its nature. The pioneer workers in the movement and some of the greatest women in the world will be gathered there on that auspicious occasion, to tell what has been accomplished, and the outlook for the future. The four Western states that have. wo. in obtaining equal suffrage will j ceeded sena delegations undoubtedly, and assuredly the Utah representatives will be on hand to report the good work and the benefits of the law that gives woman so many privileges in her own right. In Germany particularly, according to the press reports of the International Council of women, the woman question has made great progress. In that country "there are between the ages of 17 and 50 4,000,000 spinsters; 40 per cent of all the I women in Germany are unmarried, and a large proportion of these must earn their In the past they have lacked bread. education and industrial training, but now they have both, in a measure. There are now industnal schools for women in all the large towns of Germany, many of them receiving municipal aid and some of them notably in Berlin, entirely sup- poited by the city." The practical reforms in many things and in many ways lhat have been brought about directly or indirectly through the woman movement would fill a volume were they enumerated they (the women) have not exactly "turned the world upside down," as great and wise men predicted they would, when first the movement began, but they have made many And certainly some wonderful changes. men have since best and of the greatest been willing to admit, that it has been vastly for the improvement of the world at large, as well as the individual. Here in our beautiful mountain retreat away from much of the turmoil and strife of the outside world, the people enjoy many sacred privileges that perchance some hold lightly, because they are everyday affairs, and they know little by contrast; but those who have passed through the persecutions, drivings and mobbings, certainly know how to fully appreciate the days in which we live at the present time, and their testimony and experience during the bitter trials of earlier years in the history of the Church should make an impression upon the younger generation that ought to inspire them with reverence for these veterans of battles for the truth, who fought the good fight with humility for their armor, and the sword of truth for their defence; and it should prove to them that the Lord is able and willing to deliver His people and to lead them to victory in His own way and time. The pioneers who sought out this resting place were not only great in pioneering and colonizing, but they were also in the best and truest sense pioneers for the establishment of truth upon the earth; the builders of Temples and sanctuaries in which to worship God, as well as homes for a people who had been obliged to go beyond the borders of civilization ' Truly enough history repeats itself, for these stalwart leaders of the great exodus were the descendants of the pilgrims who fled from their native land and crossed the mighty ocean to seek an asylum and refuge where they might worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences. And now the children and grandchildren of the Utah pioneers are in possession of the fullest freedom and libeity ever enjoyed by any body of people, and let us hope and pray that they may hold it so sacredly, and stand firmly for equity and truth, maintaining the rights bequeathed to them from the fathers who have passed to the great beyond into the spirit world, and ne7er let the power of mammon and of unrighteousness make them false to the integrity and trust they are so proud of as their rightful inheritance. The young people of this new state should also be proud of the honor of statehood and stand for all that is bet and highest in government for all the people of the state and for the United States; the free Republic is also growing and expanding, lengthening its borders and strengthening 