EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 84 Annapolis one of the gentlemen of his suite stayed in Washington on purpose to pay his respects to Miss Barton. She told us he was a personal friend and a member of EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. the Emperor's household. On Friday evening, February 28, the in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published, writer spent hours in Miss Barton's room Terms: , one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, No cts delivreduction for made clubs. 50 City papers talking Mormonism and. answering her ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. questions about our people and the past rates: Each of ten lines Advertising nonpane history and future outlook. square, It was a rare pace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal disand opportunity very unexpected. count to regular advertisers. Miss Barton addressed the Council at Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple two of its sessions, and was vigorously apStreet: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. plauded whenever she appeared on the Address all business communications tc platform, as was also Miss Susan B. Anth: i Mrs. E. B. WELLS, ony. These two great ladies are everySalt Lake City, Utah where recognized as heroines of the age in Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake Qity, Ltah, a which wre live. s matter. : There were-manothers present who rank high in woman's work and who may yet be as famous as these two women Salt Lake City, Utah, March, 1902. who are celebrated on both continents. Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt, the younger HAPPENINGS HERE AND THERE. at suffrage leader, now president, N-the late of convention S. the we W. since Salt left be a month soon A., It will Lake City Eastward bound, and the readers and Miss Alice Stone Blackwell, the of our dear Hi tie home paper will expect some daughter of Lucy Stone, who bids fair to account of the conventions and council in be as great as her illustrious mother, and There is so much to tell the Rev. Anna H. Shaw, the popular Washington.: that we shall each of us be telling it for ' lecturer and platform orator, perhaps the most popular public speaker at the present many weeks after we return home. These Mrs. Sarah Jenne Cannon has reached time on this side of the globe. Utah before this time with her party of women with the witty Harriet Taylor Upton, who carries the money bags, are four, and the repoiters have probably obtained information from her for the daily the best known of the general officers. Miss Mary G. Hay, who knows just how papers. ' to to readers our be to will get the money, and Miss Gordon, the It interesting conversed and seen we have that learn corresponding secretary, are fast winning world-famoutheir way on the road to fame. of the Clara with the Barton, Cross Mrs. Fannie Humphreys Gaffney, presiNational and International Red Society, and also her field marshal, Dr. dent of the National Council during the Hubbell, who accompanies her on all her last three years, won regal honors by her expeditions. Miss Barton's health is much graciously dignified way of presiding and improved since last spring, when we visited recognizing every one's right to place and her at her home in Glen Echo with a party time, and her total unconsciousness of self of ladies, Mrs. J. Ellen Foster having ' and thoughtfulness of others. Her opencharge of the affair. At that time she ing address on Wednesday, February 19, showed us all her jewels and badges of was gracefully written, and a magnificent document worthy a place in the literature honor given by the great people of different countries, in recognition of her grand of the new century . services in times ofjgreat distress and Other women of the Council who decalamities. serve mention and who added much to the .This winter, she has apartments at the success of the Triennial, were Mrs. Maria Hotel Fairfax, in Washington, (the CounPurdy Peck, large; Dr. Kate Waller Barrett, oue of the most intercil headquarters) and therefore those staying in the house were privileged to see her esting women in Washington; and the Rev. coming and going, or receiving callers hi Anna Garlin Spencer, who, through her efficient labors in many directions in the the hotel parlors. The day Prince Henry arrived he sent intertst of the Council, has come to be an official representative to call upon her recognized as one of the pillars of the She stands at the head of by request of ihe Emperor 0 Germany.. Council itself. in the him hotel is the received a born diplomat. Mrs. cabinet and and. She parlor, of course all the guests were on tiptoe to Ellen A. Richardson, of Boston, who is the cabinet head of the fine arts committee, see .the royal messenger in glittering decorations. his with foreign array gave one of the very best papers read durMiss Barton is a quiet person, very unasing the Triennial. Mrs. Susa Young Gates was quite as suming, makes no pretensionsto greatnessor honor and is reluctant to admit that she has busy,' if not more so than any woman at done anything worthy of such praise and the Council, attending to the press work, commendation as she receives from her many and was finally elected chairman of the Her only object is press committee for the next three years. friends and admirers. Mrs. May Wright Sewall brought her name and has been to. help suffering humanity. She spent ore entire evening with our before the audience in a very happy and complimentary way. party and related, at our solicitation, incidents in her life, giving a history of the Later on we hope to publish some of Red Cross in her deliberate way, now and the best papers, or extracts from them; but then referring to Dr. Hubbell for a date or one cannot crowd much of such elaborate a name. She was glad when questions doings and sayings into a lew columns of a were asked, and we were glad to learn small paper. from her own words concerning her labors We had the pleasure of meeting, both at and methods of work. the Suffrage Convention and the National When Prince Henry's party wrent to Council, some of the very dear friends of Woman's Exponent semi-monthl- y, . - , - second-clas- y : - s . . vice-president-- at 'r many years ago, on our first visit to the Capital: Mrs Rachel Foster Avery, then Miss Rachel Foster.now a matron devoted to motherly interests in the home, also Mrs. Sara J. Andrews Spencer, who rendered such helpful assistance and gave herself to our cause, as it were. Faithful and true, friends in very deed have both these been from that day to this. Belva A. Lockwood, staunch and true as steel, Lillie Devereaux Blake and dear Marilla Ricker, though we did not see her this time. But there are otters, too, whose acquaintance we have made since, no less true and truly great, always to be depended upon. Clara B. Colby, a genuine friend; Hannah G. Solomon and Dr. Ella L. Gilchrist, never to be forgotten when we make up our jewels among women; and we have dozens more Ida M. Weaver, Emma S. Olds, Sadie American, Dell P.Glazier, Frances Burns and these are only a few of the bright galaxy that shine out for the enlightenment of the world. Then beside business sessions and public meetings and "pioneer celebrations" and the "new woman" and the "new man," there were grand receptions tendered in elegant homes, music, art and dainty refreshments, of which more may be said hereafter. The reception at the White House which Mrs. Roosevelt had tendered to the Council was cancelled because of the illness of her son; but just before we left Washington we had the opportunity of attending the reception given to the Mothers' Congress. We also had the privilege, through the of Senator Kearns, a few of us, of going through the White House conservatory. Mrs. George Sutherland gave a luncheon at the "New Willard" to the Utah delegation, a most sumptuous affair, and a number of us dined twice with Senator Kearns at the "Raleigh." Indeed we have crowded as ' much as possible into the few weeks at the Capital, and most of us have been on duty the greater part of the time. L. D. S. meetings have been held in Baltimore and Philadelphia at which some of our sisters were among the speakers, and also here in New York City. Last evening, Tuesday, March 4th, at tLe residence of Mrs. Laine, there was a large gathering of Utah people at what is termed here a Cottage meeting. There were so many from Salt Lake City present.one might fancy in looking over the congregation that Salt Lake had come to Gotham. There was an excellent spirit and feeling manifest and strong testimonies of the Gospel were borne by the sisters and Elders from Utah and by some of the new converts. We can truly say, notwithstanding the opposition, that : : "Z ion prospers, all is well." Mrs. Susan Cabot Richardson has just left an estate of $200,000 to Radcliff College. Miss Helen M. Gould, an advocate of equal suffrage, has given $6,000 to create a third Helen Day Gould scholarship of $10,000 at Wellesley College, in memory of her mother, and has added $3,000 to raise the two existing Helen Day Gould scholarships from $7,000 to $10,000. 