WOMAN'S EXPONENT. others of whatever creed or faith, no matter how lowly or unfortunate. Such women deserve to be honored while they live, and the good sisters of Ogden and Weber County have literally construed the saying, "Honor to whom honor is due, ' ' and have manifested their appreciation of the labors and good works of their respected President and Mother in Israel in a most commendable way, by giving her a public reception in one of the largest halls in the city and inviting as many of her' friends as the place will accommodate, to unite with them on this memorable day. The committee whose names appear on the cards of invitation are Mrs. Hpniet C. Brown, Mrs Emily S. Shurtliff and Mrs. Charlotte E Driver, of Ogden. Mrs. Richards birthday occurs on Ihe same day of the month as our dear departed "Aunt Zina's," and it has been customary for them in times past to celebrate together, and naturally Mrs. Richards, who was for thirteen years Mrs. Young's first counselor, will feel the loss of her sweet and gentle presence on this occasion. We extend to the venerable lady our heartfelt congratulations and prayers for her usefulness in the Relief Society where her labors have been so exemplary and so valuable to the community in which she resides and throughout the Stakes of Zion where she has traveled in its interest, and may our Father in heaven prolong her days of activity until she has filled her mission upon the eaith, is the earnest wish and desire of the writer. 77 are relatives of the family or connnected by marriage. The gathering was a most enjoyable one and will be remembered as such for years to come by all who participated therein, as a pleasing reminder of the hospitable hostess, Mrs. Elizabeth J. Stevenson, who has been accustomed to entertaining largely in the lifetime of her distinguished husband, Elder Edward Stevenson, a well known character in Chuich history. BRIEF SKETCH OF SISTER P. C YOUNG. Sister PLebe Clark Young, who recently departed this life, was a women of strong and independent character, a woman of sound principle and well read, not only in the scriptures but in history, ancient and modern, of which she was very fond. Her gifts of conversation and powers of expression were excellent, and she was clear and sound in reasoning and in judgment. Summing up her virtues and her endurance of trials, hardship and suffering, one recalls the poet's words as expressing best and in fervent words the thoughts we have of this departed sister and mother in Israel: "A noble type of good, Heroic womanhood." Sister Phebe was born September 15, at Hardway, England, and grew to womanhood among the delightful scenes of that beautiful country. She heard and believed the Gospel in her native land and was baptized by Elder Wm. Eddington and emigrated to Utah in 1851 the only one of a family of nine who accepted the Gospel. This young giil crossed the plains with ox teams, although she walked herTWO SOCIAL GATHERINGS. self all the way from Keokuk to Salt Lake A very happy social affair was given by City. After arriving here she became acMrs. Elizabeth J Stevenson to a number of ladies, old friends of hers, who by inviquainted with Phineas H. Young, brother tation met at her cosy home and spent the of President Brigham Young and the folafternoon in pleasant conversation, renewlowing year they were united in marriage. Mrs. Young was a devoted and exemplary and old intimacies the time ing contrasting present with the early days in the valley. wife and raised a large family of children. A sumptuous dinner was one of the feaDuring the time her husband was Bishop tures of the ' visit, to which all did ample of the Second Ward in this city she enjustice. The tables were prettily decorated deared herself to all in his charge by her ness and universal courtesy with carnations and smilax, and the snowy for counsel or assistance. came who all to linen and elegant china made the variety first The Sunday School in Farmer's Ward of viands still more tempting. was At the head of the table was seated the organized in the heme of Brother and Sister Young, and the first Relief Society veteran president of the Relief Society, Second Ward was organized by the in Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith, who proP. H. Young in his own home Bishop nounced the blessing upon the food. he presided in the ward. Under their Twenty-on- e guests were invited and while Of these Mrs. roof many were helped in sickness by nineteen were present of the Lucy B. Young and Mrs. Lydia D. Alder medical aid and the admiristrations of for on hands ordinances of the laying had recently returned from foreign misafflicted. Such sions, and naturally their experiences were healing of the sick and soon and there not is forgotten conversation. the of helpfulness an interesting pait Mrs. Stevenson was assisted in receiving are many to recall similar deeds of kindsince the death of by her daughter, Mrs. C. F. Wilcox, and ness from Sister Young husband. her T. , Stevenson. Ezra Mrs. daughter-in-lawShe was the mother of nine children, The young girls who helped serve were of whom survive her, and she had great six WilMiss Miss Gardner, Miss Clark and in training her children in the success The affair was very enjoyable and cox. She was a regular the Gospel. of spirit was decidedly a social success. attendant at meetings, and was for many On Wednesday, December 4, 1901, Mrs. years treasurer of the Relief Society in the set E. J. Stevenson gave a family dinner Second Ward, to which office she was office her and resigned Sep. 3. 1891, party in honor of the recent marriage of apart was set apart presiShe Feb. 1898. Miss Richards. to 10, T. Ezra her, son, of the Second Ward Primary AssociaTwenty guests received invitations, of the dent position number were Bishop Robert T. Burton and tion in 1883, and continued in that or 1 89 1. whatever posiIn until and place Richards wife, wife, Dr. Heber John fulfilled duties the she perC. tion Dr. faithfully and wife, Mr. Walter E. Wilcox thereto. Stevenson taining Mr. James F. Wilcox and wife, Sister Young was for eight years a AU and wife and Mrs. Ezra T, Clark. 1830, large-hearte- member of the Utah Woman's Press Club, in which she took an active part. She held the office of one year and treasurer two years, was nearly always a member of the program committee and never failed to do whatever was expected of her. She was familiar with the topics of the times, kept herself well informed on all general matters, and although over seventy years of age at the time of her death she had, up to that period, an excellent niemorj' and the use of all her mental and bodily faculties. She contracted a severe cold which brought on pneumonia and though she was not thought dangerously ill, and friends were hopeful, yet the end came unexpectedly and she passed peacefully away on the morning of December 20, 1901. vice-preside- nt "The stars are watching the sleeping saint, And lighting the sleeping below; But the light of the stars is cold and faint, To the glory she dreameth now." "Are they dreaming, the sleepers pale and still ? For their faces are rapt and calm, As though they were treading the Holy Hill, And harkening the angels' psalm." Sister Young's funeral was held in the Second Ward meeting house, December 23, Bishop Heber Iverson presiding. The casket was covered with beautilul flowers, the gifts of loving relatives and friends, and the music and singing by the ward choir was sweet and harmonious. The speakers were Counselor J. Galligher, of the 2nd ward, Mrs. E. B. Wells President Joseph E. Taylor, of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion, Dr. Seymour B. Young, President of the Seventies, and Bishop Iverson, all of whom spoke in the highest praise of Sister Young and exhorted her children and grand children to follow her noble and righteous ex"And so he giveth his beloved ample. sleep." E. B. W. PARTY AT HOOPER. A sociable party was given here in honor of President Belnap and Counselor Margaret Manning by the members of the Relief Society. A good quilt was given to each of them, showing the esteem in which they are held by the society they preside over. The part) was a surprise to them. It was held on our regular meeting day, and a nice program was rendered, also a nice supper was prepared, which all enjoyed Such gatherings draw us immensely. closer together. The following article was read by Catharine Naisbitt: DUTIES AND BENEFITS OE THE RELIEF SOCIETY. We, as members of the Relief Society, feel it not only our duty to relieve and assist the poor, but to comfort the distressed with kind words and acts; to visit them personally, help them in trouble, nurse them in sickness. What a mission of love, yet how little appreciated by some. Many husbands instead of encouraging these noble women in the performance of their duties, find fault if they mention going to their meetings, or to visit their district, and probably would object if asked for a horse or teamster, yet these sisters come to meeting filled with the spirit of their mission, knowing they have done their duty; and I have no doubt if all could hear their 