WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Daughters of the American Revolution." At the present time she is the president of the National Council of Women. Club Bulletin. THE IMPERIAL PALACE IN BERLIN AND OTHER POINTS OF INTEREST. The Dome Building faces on one side the Imperial Palace and on the other the Royal Museum. It has a large centre dome and a smaller one on each corner. At the back of the building flows the river Large gold crosses are placed on Spree. the center of each tower, while two, one on each side of the main entrance, are surmounted with gold crowns. Much gold is also glittering from its roof. It is surrounded on three sides by a lovely park, where two fountains are constantly throwing their silvery sprays. When completed it will be one of the most costly buildings in the world, nothing but rock inside and out, with rare statuary and rich surroundings. Also statuary surmounted by gold crosses is to adorn each en trance. Out through the city gates, where on the city side the Kaiser is met when he returns, by the city officials, who with great pomp welcome him through the gates we pass on to see the This is an interesting room, and here we remain some time. One thinks of the stormy sessions often held here, sometimes even disgraceful scenes occurring, when statesmen war with statesmen, some contending for one measure and some for another. Passing up a flight of stairs we reach the balcony, where a few spectators are someFrom this point also times admitted. downward the hall has the appearlooking ance of a very pretty theatre, if the President's and Speaker's stands were only a stage. Through cloak rooms and other beautiful halls with crimson carpets on hall and stairs nearly an inch thick, which look so beautiful and rich on the white marble PARLIAMENT BUILDING. This is a magnificent and costlv structure, (said to have cost five millions of dol- lars.) On its roof, in the centre, is a gold dome, while each corner is raised in an elaborate square tower. Here meet the There are of the nation. many rooms, large and richly ornamented, designated to the different departments of government. The commissioners room has a long table with chairs on either side with plain oak ceiling and floor. The walking hall is spacious. Here the a take walk when lawaugust becomes wearisome. It is a very making room with seats on the sides and imposing marble floor with ceiling arched and costly. Through a number of anterooms, then comes a beautiful hall of stucco work with seats of red cloth, the stucco work making a magnificent background for each. Bronze statues of former lawmakers are here and there through the building. Up stairs we reach the room where the delegates assemble, and is known as the law-make- On the 17th of March the Relief Society of Virgen City gave a grand ball which was well attended by old and young. The evening was spent in dancing interspersed with songs, etc., after which a delicious luncheon was served and all hid an enjoyable time. The program of the day was cmited on account of a general board meeting of Hurricane Canal, which could not be postThe ten cent fund has been poned. floors. promptly attended to and our district Descending the stairs again, more costly is in a thriving condition under the statuary and busts we are informed that general supervision of our beloved presithese are the spirits of former legislators, dent, Sariah A. Workman (who has served who have done with the laws of this life, us so many years) and Counselors Emma but as these people suppose, they still look Hinton and Mary D. Spendlove. after the affairs with which they were Marion L. Pratt. formerly associated, advising justice, righteousness, truth ard fidelity. MEDICAL CONGRESS IN NEW YORK. This is a noble building, solid as though hewn in the rock itself. Well may The "American Congress of TuberculoGermany be proud of its Parliament one of the most notable medical sis." House where meets the Reichstag. in the world, convenes in the Opposite another entrauce to the palace gatheringshotel in New York, May 14, 15 is a fine monument of Emperor Frederick Majestic includes It and the Canadies, 16, 1902. This also faces the Royal WiPiain III. and South American Central United States, Museum and is situated in a lovely park. be conducted the same will on It States. The Emperor is mounted on a horse, as the European Congress held in while on the upper part of the pedestal are lines London, July, 1901, where the leading statues and figures that represent educascientists, statesmen and philphysicians, tion and the different trades 0, these of anthropists Europe assembled. lovely parks Every available tpot has a One of the leading questions coming befew trees, a fountain and a monument, with seats here and there where the weary fore the Congress will be the establishment of State Sanatariums for hygienic treatment may rest. One-fiftof all Another fountain called the Castle of tuberculous patieuts. from occur and this deaths cause, throughfountain is in front of another entrance to the been where out have Sanatariums Europe is and the most wonderful seen. palace, yet reduced death the role been has established Old Neptune of huge dimensions is seated or reclining on a high pedestal, reaching one-halIn addition to the president, Hon. Henry out with curious statuary beneath it, while D. Holten of Vermont, there are seventy-fiv- e on the sides, out in the lake made by the and honorary water, serpents send streams of water all The honorary over it. The fountain has a stone casing of curious design with four female figures are selected from the governors of states reclining upon it, back of whom other and presidents of the South and Central streams of water pour their volume over American States. A museum has been established and will this god of the sea, who holds an immense be open during the Congress collections spear in his hand. of drugs, photographs of sanitary districts, By some this is supposed to be the god of the Rhine. The street here is about biological specimens, etc, Governor Heber M. Wells, honorary four hundred feet wide with the fountain for Utah, has appointed near its centre. who will attend the coming delegates Immediately opposite the palace are the Dr. and Martha Hughes Cannon, session, a fine Imperial stables, building of white stone. At either end, in a deep recess, is who was appointed vice president for Utah statuary showing some wonderful feats that last November, contributes to the Museum man and the horse can perform. The a fine collection of photographic views of figures of both are very large and fill sanitary district?, hea'th reports, bathing and the recess. Perhaps they commemorate places and general points of interest in and around statistical Salt Lake some brave achievement in battle, such a City, wild look is expressed by the animals. One meteorological rep rts of the State ard a would suppose this was a palace instead of paper on climatic influences in Utah. a stable, so beautiful is the building. Considering educational work has alThe busses and cars all pass here for ready been done in Utah along this line, it is befitting Utah as an equal suffrage state, "Under the Linden." ' that so far she is the only one to which the Lydia D. Alder. has been excourtesy of a Note Shortly after our visit to the Imperial tended to a woman. h f. rs vice-presiden- vice-presiden- ts vice-presiden- ' REICHSTAG. The seats number about four hundred, the name of the owner on the back of each. The ceiling is a large skylight of a pearl grey color, with a border of red and variegated colors. The light is clear that shines through this glass. This hall is much the shape of a theatre, the seats ranging down as in the parquette. The speaker's stand is elevated, the stenographer's table underneath and a private desk. Elevated still higher is the president's chair, which is beautiful. Of course we had to sit in the chair and imagine we were the president of the famous Reichstag, then stand in the speaker's stand and think we were addressing the House, first the Right and then the Then to try the member's seats, Left. finding them quite comfortable, although we think they sometimes must be full of thorns. VIRGEN CITY CELEBRATION. ! rs law-make- regretted, for the State apartments are gems beyond description and give one an appreciation of what splendor the precious things of the earth, combined with the experience of man, can produce. L. D. A. is to be l vice-preside- nt vice-preside- j Palace a dispatch was published in the foreign papers that some one had informed the authorities of France that while passing through the palace he had seen a portion of the fatal Bordereax papers renowned in the tragic, world-fameDreyfus case, on a desk in the palace. By order of the Kaiser it was immediately closed to visitors. It d ts nt A replice of the statue of La Fayette erected in Paris and paid for by American school children, is to be presented to the city of Washington. 