Woman's. ..Exponent. The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Nation. I ; SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER Vol. 31 CONTENTS. Bertha Spencer's Holiday, Annie Notes and News Interesting Letters from Nauvoo Mrs. Stanton's Last Word YV. Cannon 41 42 43 43 Governor's Proclamation 44 Miss .Anthony Interviewed 45 A Peace Note to the Powers, Arnold De Lisle 46 R. S. Reports. 4Q InMemoriam.... Alpine Stake Ladies' Semi-month- Meeting ly 47 Emma Featherstone A. 47 47 Wadrop How to Cultivate Faith Elizabeth Cady Stanton Editorial Notes 44 44 Ellis R. thipp The Depth of Love. . .Charles H. Towne Things That Never Die. .Charles Dickens 41 Editorial 45 Poetry Thanksgiving . 43 43 THANKSGIVING. Great Father kind, we thank Thee for light of sunf The privilege to dwell upon this earth, For everything which Thou for us hast done Since through Thy mercy we were given birth. Ah, how can we our gratitude e'er show, For all thy many blessings here below. 1 & Nos. 15, 1902 11-- 12 to be done for her by her doting parents. But now the last week had arrived, the Arden had they been many a time, and herself the lovely Rosaland, and here at last not in play, but in reality the true pretty trousseau had been carefully examined and laid away with violet sachets knight had come and won his own fair among the dresses, ribbons, gloves and lady. This glorious morning she threw aside laces, and rose leaves and lavender among the dainty lingerie and snowy linen, and decorum and lived again for one brief hour Bertha, like a school girl, was pleading her happy childish days; along the old with her parents for one long, free day. familiar haunts she ran, climbed into the "Just one day. mamma, all alone," said trees, shook the branches, fragrant and Bertha, "from one morning until the next, beautiful in their pink and white blossoms, to do just as I please and not to be disand as the snowy petals fell upon the turbed nor interfered with by any one." ground she laughingly recalled the day So simple a request one might think when she entertained the neighboring chilcould be easily granted, but a popular girl dren, reciting "The Little Bare Foot;" and to make the play more real had one of the engaged is seldom her own mistress. Socias well as a have ety, boys shaking apple blossoms over her in girl's fiance always some claim and say on a girl's time and imitation of a snow storm. Peeping into the manner of spending it. But throwing the recesses of a large currant bush she was care to the wind and standing on her own almost shocked to see one of her o wn dear Poor neglected little thing stained ground Bertha persuaded her mother to dolls. consent to her whim and grant her a day and soiled with decaying leaves, t enderly of respite from all thoughts of the wedding she raised it, her first bisque doll, ever so and from all thoughts of the future. She small, but after all, the "prettiest doll in wished to indulge herself just once again the world," notwithstanding larger flaxen-haired dolls had in girlish fancies, and a and gorgeously-dresse- d person would say "pranks; "for well she felt, that no later been her own. matter how happy married life may be, few What a flood of recollections that little are a woman's own moments, when the doll brought back to her now,, the differof a home and a man's happient dresses her childish fingers had fashness depend upon her. ioned; how once she made a mourning dress Two days before her marriage Bertha to go to a baby doll's funeral. The materclaimed her day and positively refused to ial was a piece of dear Aunt Louisa's black see any one, even her mother. Bertha's silk with purple stars, and Bertha, poor home was just an ordinary, comfortable thing, sewed it with white thread and home, such as as a man with a moderate stitches to make a baby blush. Sewing income and a woman with some tact and never was Bertha's strong point, but she management and a good deal of common was always good at preaching and on this sense would provide; room enough, a garparticular occasion she was elected parson. den, an orchard, a pretty lawn and flower In later life she never knew whether to laugh or cry when she recalled that funeral sermon, beds, not too plenteous, but a pretty seta comfort it was so touching in its ridiculousness, so to where home cottage ting One other temridiculous in its touchingnes. little with aitistic a mingles slightly a was doll of the reminiscence And was she Bertha picnic on the well, perament. hills,-wherother little several she with an neither ordinary girl, too, perhaps only in dressed carried their a with nor dolls, a beauty gingham girls genius, yet a pretty girl some accomplishments and brimming over (they were always most particular about their dolls costumes)in a little express wagon with sentiment. That latter trait easily shows why she hired from one of the brothers and paid for The in apples. Here after the picnic they desired this one day all her own. night before she left her blinds partly gathered the wagon full of blue bells, sweet Sweet little doll, lie raised that the first faint rays of daylight peas and sego lilies. might enter her room ?nd as they did she there still in the leaves of the currant awoke from her happy slumber and prebushes, for the day is growing. Let me of idleness. herself for sweet the bury you here with the flood of recollections day pared After dressing neatly in a pretty blue of that sweet childhood. The sun was rising o'er the eastern hills gown, setting her room in order and offerherand let she glinting the leaves and dewy grass with quietly ing her morning prayer was its self out of the house. No one brightness when Bertha descended from stirring only the birds were beginning to awaken her lofty fancies and realized that the sharpness of the early morning exercises, had and nature in its solitude was all the lovelier. Down the garden walk, into the made her hungry, accordingly she quietly the house, ate with relish the The dear old orchard, orchard she ran. maid had d how she loved its rows of lovely apple breakfast that the and for taking along a dainty her, trees, and currant bushes in between. Here prepared all her young life she had romped and lunch, again sauntered into the garden behousehold had played, climbed the trees in fearless games fore any of the rest of the Lolling in the grass in the shade of back out, and swung out on the highest arisen limbs, then dropped into the dewy grass of the dear old garden, in girlish dreams, . beneath. In games of hide and seek she the morning hours were spent. Is it time wasted in retrospect, it had buried herself in the foliage of the currant bushes, and under the spreading shade we live a full measure of happiness, of the dear old apple trees had given many sometimes in idle fancies and sweet The forests of memories ? Ah no for time and places theatrical performances. d, For sustenance of body, mind and heart. The bounties of the earth, the sky and sea. This wondrous world, and all it doth impart ' Its light and shadow all, all come from Thee Oh, may we learn to clearly understand That even storms are mercies at Thy hand. caves For music's waves to ope the Of fettered thought of hardened hearts To sanctify each grief, while spirit laves Its bruised hopes to ease its wounds and smarts, Sweet, soothing notes, let burdened spirits free Teach murmuring souls a true humility. For wealth of learning's lore we find in books, For minds to ope our own unfolded thought, For noble acts and gentle tones and looks. Which Thou into each daily life hath brought. Ah, gratitude snpreme indeed should blend With every breath to Thee, Unfailing Friend ! ice-bou- ! For earthly friends, and comforts, too, of home. For kindred dear who bring us joys so sweet, Who though in distant lands we roam-M- ake hope, and faith more perfect and complete. Give pure Incentive to each effort here, Enhancing joys, e'en sweet' ning sorrow's tear. Ah then for love we thank thee more than all, It beams through all the world's dark wilderness. Thy mercy heareth ev'ry mortal's call Thy love which breathes the sweetest tenderness, Which brings the tired pilgrims rest and peace, Imprisoned spirits, too, a sweet release. Makes light the darksome way. with Living Fire, Illumines every narrow, winding path, ' Removes all doubt awakens grand desire, Implants in human hearts Eternal Faith. Oh now. Dear Lord, unbounded gratitude Accept for all these blessings pure and good. Ellis R Shipp. ! l, BERTHA SPENCER'S HOLIDAY. For .weeks the Spencer household had been in a state of. excitement and preparation, for the only daughter was going to be married. ' The amount cf work required properly, is quite taget a girl "married off" -astonishing, for with the shopping, the -sewing, the designing and fitting, the lists for invitations, the house decorations and the hundred other things that tend to make one's mind and body too are case quite worn out, at least this was the in the Spencer family for Bertha was very much beloved and everything possible had ; : : , sober-minde- e ed kind-hearte- : ! 