WOMAN'S 12 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel disspace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, semi-monthl- y, Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at the Post s matter. Office in Salt Lake City, btah, as second-clas- Salt Lake City. Utah, July i & 15, 1902. EDITORIAL WORK. EXPONENT. and get another sort of newspaper experience. My dear readers we will not tire your patience further, but we think our patrons would like occasionally to hear from some of our former contributors. The Exponent reaches women in many countries Holland, Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, New Zealand, Australia, Tasmania, Sandwich and Society Islands, as well as all the English speaking nations. Complete volumes of the entire edition, handsomely bound, were on exhibition at the Paris Exposition, and a number of volumes at "The Hague." Our sisters do not realize what progress the Exponent has made in reaching out to the people and lands far away, or they would do more to promote its interests and to make it what it really should be as the oldest as well as the most representative Mormon woman's paper. BIRTHDAY PARTY. A quarter of a century has now elapsed since the present editor assumed entire conThe trol of the Woman's Exponent. time varied experience gained during that cannot be told, but altogether it has been a labor of love, no matter how arduous the work or how numerous the fault finders, never once has the writer been tempted to There has always been a dewithdraw. lightful side to the occupation, however diffiThe work has been a cult the outlook. solace in times of trouble and sorrow, something to turn to for relief, and, in a way, a pastime. Looking back over the twenty-seve- n and more since we first entered years associated work the at that time with upon the first editor in chief, Mrs. L. L. Greene Richards, we recall with tenderness the blessed privilege of this rare opportunity of participating in the editorial department of the paper. It has indeed been a happy service and one recalls in looking backward many seasons of rejoicing with devoted workers for the cause of woman's uplifting. Of those dear sisters and friends who have been occasional contributors to the Exponent some still lend a helping hand and some who took great delight in the work have passed behind the vail. Eliza R. Snow, Hannah T. King, Sarah M. Kimball, Louie Wells and Julia McDonald, have laid aside the pen, but are not forgotten. We still have Augusta Joyce Crocheron, Ellis R. Shipp, Lydia D. Alder, Emily H. Wood-manseMary A. Freeze, Ruth M. Fox, Annie Wells Cannon, Romania B. Pratt and a Fcore of others, only most of them are too busy doing other things to give us even occasional glimpses of what they think and feel, or even comment upon the days in which we live; and it is long since we have heard from "Alofa," "Hyacinth," ''Hope" or dear little "Gladys" or "Homespun." The Young Woman's Journal and the Childteii ' s Friend employ the talent of some of the younger writers who have sprung into notice since thirty years ago when the Woman's Exponent was founded. The Contributor, a monthly periodical, was started since, and Zion's Home Monthly, too. Although these were not woman's in papers any sense of the word, yet women wrote some of their stories and poems and Now in place of them occasionally essays. we have the Improvement Era, but only now and then a woman's name appears among the contributors. Society columns in the daily papers give some young women a change to earn money e, The birthday of two veteran women of 17, ult., and was appropriately celebrated. Although the party was given by Brother Amos P. Howe at the family residence in this city, and was in honor of his' wife, Julia Cruse Howe, on her 79th birthday, it had been arranged entirely without her knowledge. Brother Howe had given Sister Walden, who had been staying with Sister Howe for some months, carte blanche, and she had attended to all the details; Sister Howe herself was not aware that anything unusual was being done. About noon Sister Howe went out for a drive, and during her absence the guests arrived, and on her return she found her parlor filled with dear friends. Among the number was Sister Maria W. Wilcox, whose birthday comes on the same day, although her's was the 75th anniversary, three quarters of a century. The rooms were filled with roses in every available nook and corner and all the air was redolent of their sweetness. Social converse occupied the first few hours, with congratulations and expressions of love and esteem and the presentation of gifts as remembrances, etc., then the dining room was opened and a delicious repast served, including the best fruits of the season and all enjoyed the delightful table-tal- k and hearty welcome of the hostess. Afterwards the sisters engaged in a spiritual feast, Sister M. Isabella Home presiding. Meeting opened with singing, prayer was offered by Piesident B. W. Smith. The time was spent in bearing testimony and in saying good things of the two sisters whose anniversaries occurred on that particular day. Those present were Sisters Mary Ellen Kimball, (the oldest lady there) M. Isabella Home, Bathsheba W. Smith, Persis Farr, Julia C. Howe, Maria W. Wilcox, Margaret P. Young, Lucy B. Young, Emmeline B. Wells, Sarah J. Cannon, Maria Y. Dougall, Margaret Y. Taylor, Annie T. Hyde, Clara C. Cannon, Clarissa S. Williams, Sarah A. Reese, Lydia D. Alder, Phebe Y. Beatie, Harriet A. Badger, Mary E. Carter, Elizabeth J. Stevenson, Elizabeth Webb, Martha Morris, Elizabeth T. Wilcox, Zina Y. Bull, Sister Waldon. There were many incidents related of the early days in the valley and of dear sisters passed to the beyond, who had been the Church occurred on June associated in our labors and festivities in days past. After the sisters had spoken all around Sister Howe expressed her appreciation of the congratulatory remarks of the sisters addressed to herself, and hoped she might always have their love and society here Sister Wilcox also exand hereafter. similar feelings. pressed The day was beautiful and the enterThe tainment in every way successful. offers fervent congratulations Exponent to both Sister Howe and Sister Wilcox on reaching such an advanced age and retaining much of the buoyancy of youth, with their faculties unimpaired and still able to continue their labors of love and of usefulness in the home circle and in the Church. EDITORIAL NOTES. Since publishing visits to conferences in June, visits have been made to Alpine, Utah, Sevier, Wayne, Kanab, Panguitch, Hyrum, Cache and Benson; also the society in Chicago. President B.W. Smith, Counselors Annie T, Hyde and Ida Smoot Dusenberry, Julia P. M. Farnsworth, Elizabeth J. Stevenson, of the General Board, and Emilia D. Madsen, Emma S. Woodruff, (names omitted from the last notice) and besides these, Margaret A. Caine, L. L. Greene Richards, Alice Merrill Home and Mary A. Freeze, have gone as missionaries with the sisters named. In all, so far twenty-ninStakes have been visited since the April conference. e Mrs. Rulon S. Wells gave a dinner party on Wednesday, July 9, in recognition of the birthday anniversary of her husband, Elder Rulon S. Wells, although Monday the 7th was the date, but on account of the circumstance of his being out of town it was postThe house poned to the day mentioned. was beautifully decorated with roses and carnations and a sumptuous dinner prepared to which all the assembled guests did ample Rulon is a prime favorite with all justice. his father's family and in many respects he is like his venerable father, President D. H. Wells. Many and sincere were the congratulations showered upon Rulon by his friends and admirers, and ardent wishes for his future happiness and prosperity. The in was and addition to very enjoyable party members of the Wells family, aunties, sisters, etc., there were present Mrs. Wells' mother, Mrs. Marian Beatie, who has only recently returned from a prolonged visit to Southern California; Mrs. Alma L. Smith, aunt of R. S. Wells; and also Mrs. Kinney, wife of Judge Kinney, who with her husband has been away in Southern California for the last two years. Such reunions are helpful in keeping families in touch with each other and reminding children of relationships and ties of affection and interest. Mrs. Wells is to be congratulated on the success of the party, and the pleasure given in bringing together old time friends, and helping to renew former associations. The Society of the Daughters of the Pioneers met on Tuesday, June 24, at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Septimus W. The rooms were Sears, in East Waterloo. with decorated roses and other handsomely beautiful flowers. About thirty-nin- e members were present besides honorary members, Mrs. Annie Taylor Hyde presiding. Prayer was offered by President B. W. Smith and Miss Ruth Wilson, recently returned from New York, sang a solo. Presi- - 