26 to the Council of Women. The program was dispensed wilh for an evening with the "Cliff Dwellers." At the April meeting a letter was read from the U. F. W. C. asking our club to take the initiative step in calling together the representatives of Salt Lake clubs to pursue some line of educational work which would benefit the schools of our city. A motion that a special meeting be called was carried. A pleasant hour was spent in partaking of delicious refreshments and enjoying frieudly conversation. Pursuant to a call irom the Press Club a special meeting was held to consider the subject of improved educational facilities and the needs of our city schools. Mrs. L. D. Alder was elected chairman and Mrs. Schiller secretary. Delegates from nearly all of the city schools were present. Nearly all were anxious that the kindergarten be Other items introduced ino the schools. were discussed at some length, among tl em sanitation and the introduction of Members from temperance literature. each club agreed to visit the several schools and report at the fall meeting. At the June meeting the life and works of Rudyard Kipling was the topic. At the August meeting after the business had been disposed of the remainder of the evening was pleasantly spent in listening to the account from our honorary president, E. B. Wells, of her trip across the ocean, and the gathering of the great Quinquennial Congress which convened in London, June 1899 Members of the Press Club at this gathering of women were Mrs. E. B. Wells, Mrs. Susa Y. Gates, Mrs Margaret A. Caine and Mrs Lydia D. Alder. Besides these there were present Mrs. Carrie S. Thomas and daughter, Kate, Miss Jean Clara Holbrook, Miss Josephine Booth, Miss Liza Chipman, Mrs. Jesse Knight and Miss Lulu Gates. Nearly all were members of the Congress The opening meeting at Convocation Hall was a most interesting sight, grand and The Couutess of Aberdeen impressive. and there were representatives presided from nearly all over the world. Those from China in their peculiar fashioned but rich and costly dress and Those from jewels were conspicuous so. were wore dresses They equally Japin of canary colored silk, underskirts not very voluminous, but the upper dress was quite full at the neck with long hanging full All around them, as also sleeves. the shirt and upper diess, was a rich gimp, a little more than an inch wide. They had a baby with them, the only baby of the Congress, dressed in miniature like themselves, and of which they seemed very proud, lifting it up high in their arms when we were in the presence of Queen Victoria at the Tea given by her in honor of the foreign ladies, at Windsor Castle' No English ladies were July 7, 1899. There were, however, the invited. Countess of Aberdeen and one or two others who were her subjects. They bowed As she came low and kissed her hand. down the Quadrangle "God Save the Queen" was sung by her guests, thrilling our hearts as we bared our heads in response to her recognition. A soft heavenly light irradiated her features which were stamped with nobility, vet love. Her manner was dignified as became the Queen of England a,nd Empress WOMAN'S EXPONENT The evening was How many dialects we, heard while retiring president. A very fine collection of waiting for the great iron gates to permit socially spent. This more than grand event curios were much admired and dainty us entrance were served amid the rendition be never will forgotten by any of those selections. musical choice enof while in who participated it, memory The dures. January meeting, 1900, was held at of the president, Mrs. Schiller. home the one to first Her Majesty bowed group, was received as a member. Meecham Mrs. then another, and gracefully her subjects narr-esof bent the knee and kissed her hand. As The representatives at the General was discussed and argued upon. the hymn wafted out on the warm summer Federation B Mrs. E. Wells moved that a committee air, tears involuntarily sprang to our eyes; the hour, the scene, surroundings, the dear be appointed from the charter members of sweet face of the widowed Mother Qut en. the club to draft a memorial for Mrs Tulia its weakness, the halo of light adding to I ins McDonald, one of the charter memits tenderness stirred many and varying bers of the club, lately deceased. Ruth emotions in the hearts of those so highly M. Fox, Romania B Pratt and Lucy. A. honored. In contrast was the youthful Clark were selected. After a brief prog-alook on the face of the Princess the evening was delightfully spent in constrong Beatrice of Battenburg, her companion and versation The president regaled the ladies youngest daughttr. Written on the patient with delictus refreshments. The memoi ial was reported by the comface of the Queen was, "Life's battle is A strange emotion holds mittee and read to the president and others nearly over." us in thraldom. Just as we had imagined and the motion to insert it in the club's This was the first one of her, the same blue eyes of which we had history carried. the club members to die and was sorely read and the same gracious bearing. Then followed the Tea in St. George's felt by all. She was a lovely woman of Hall, the tables arranged with rare china rare intellect and sweet domestic nature, and cut glass, interspersed with glistening sublime in her thoughts whether sicken or The pyrawritten. silver, were a sight to behold. mids of strawberries arrested the eye with Motherless little ones, too, were left to the 'the tempting dainties which go to make up mercies of the world. All keeily felt this an English Tea. severing of a link in our association. Amid happy laughter and joyous exThe February meeting was given over Tea of. was the clamations for an interesting talk by Mrs. E. B. partaken over the scene to impress Wells on her late trip abroad Again looking it more deeply on memory's tablet, we reAt the March meeting Mesdames Zina D. H. Young, B. W. Smith and Elmina S. luctantly follow the Queen's private secretary, Sir Arthur Biggs, in a tour of the Taylor were received as honorary members, castle. Contrary to the usual custom all also Phebe C. Young. the chintz coverings had been removed At the May meet ng Mrs. Jenson was from the furniture in the hall, and as the appointed delegate and Mrs. Rhodes alternate to the Domestic Science School. long rays of sunshine fell on the crimson velvet upholstering and reflected on the At the August meeting Miss Helen silver service, the snowy napery of the long Margaret Ring was the guest of the ev.n-ing- . She is a newspaper woman of Dentable, artistically arranged, the busy servants dispensing tea from the steaming ver. She commended the paper read by sice urns, with the ripe red strawberry Mrs. Rhodes and related some interesting pyramids placed at intervals as if to relieve experiences of her travels in Mexico. their quieter surroundings, made a picture The annual meeting was held by invitaan that artist might depict. The half has tion at the home of Mrs. Schiller, the not been told of the wonders of the famous president. As a result of the election of Windsor Castle, favorite home of her officers Mrs. C. C R. Wells became presiMajesty. From its battlements can be dent Club members represented authors seen the queer old home of the Penns, who and read their correspondence with other founded Pennsylvania, and the country authors Choice refreshments were served churchyard where the poet Gray wrote his by the hostess and musical selections were immortal "Elegy in a Country Churchrendered. This to visit Windsor was At the June meeting arrangements were the yard." event of disthe made for the visit of Mrs. Sewall. and crowning Congress the interest the in took At all the September meeting a paper on played Queen that pertains to the advancement and up- the martyred president, William McKinley, was read by Mrs. McVicker. Mrs E. B. lifting of the world of women. At the September meeting of the club Wells called attention to the traveling Mrs R M, Fox was appointed as delegate library case, reminding the members to to the Mothers' Congress. Mrs Fox read a bring the books promised Miss Estelle Neff was received as a member. Mrs. L. paper on the outcome of the Peace ConferD. Alder, who had been absent in Europe ence that had been held at the Hague. The 'innual meeting was held at the for the past two years, gave a short talk on home of Mrs. C. F. Wilcox, which was some of the incidents that had transpired, thrown open to members and guests of the and by request of members described some club. Mesdames Ada Cannon, Bessie of the street meetings she had attended. A Louise Shirley and Grace Anderson were descriptive pcem by R. M. Fox was read A report from the Educaadmitted as members. by the author. Mrs. H. V. Kimball gave a paper on the resume of the tional Committee was called for and promMrs. Rebecca H. year's work accomplished by the club. ised in the near future. Mrs. E. B. Wells gave a talk on her visit to Doolan was elected as delegate to the Marie Corellie's home in London'. Federation to be held in Provo in October. Mrs Ai mie Schiller was elected president. Moved, seconded and carried that the deleThe December meeting was held at the gate work lor Mrs. McVicker for delegate residence of Mrs Emma Jenson, which to the General Federation to be held in was tastefully decorated for the occasion. Los Angeles in May. A handsome picture was presented to the (To be. continued.) ! " 