WOMAN'S 78 reports and the faithful testimonies borne by these valiant sisters, they would have a It desire to attend our society meetings. refreshes our bodies as well as our spirits, and it is better to wear cut than to rust Look at our noble sisters who have out. devoted their whole life to the Relief Society work, besides being mothers in We might mention E. R. Snow, Israel. D. H. Zina Young, Bathsheba W. Smith, B. Emmeline Wells, Jane S. Richards, also our beloved president, Adeline Belnap, and her counselor, Margaret Manning. I think it time we should show cur appreciation of their labors, not wait until they leave us; show it by rallying round them and attending meeting, assisting them as they have assisted others in their time, never faltering when called upon to perform a duty night or day. Many have been cheered and comforted by their presence. They may wear themselves out in doing good, as mauy other noble sisters are doing, but they are laying up for themselves treasures in heaven. God bless the founders and workers of the Relief Society. Catharine Naisbitt, Sec. IN MEMORIAM. SARAH MELISSA JOHNSON. Sarah Melissa, wife of Patriarch Ben J. Johnson, passed away October 4, 1901, at Mesa City, Arizona, from sickness resulting in blood poison. 18, She was born in Kirtland, Ohio, November ' Her 1836. and was blest in the Temple there. father, James S. Holman, and family, with the the Prophet and mauy others, fled to Missouri in terto experience the winter and spring of 1837-ror of that persecution and expulsion that followed in the winter and spring of 18 At Nauvoo she was baptized by the Prophet Joseph, and after his martyrdom she, with her parents, crossed the frozen Mississippi and started in Feb. from Nauvoo with the first company. Her father brought the first flock of sheep through that came to Utah in 1847, going to Utah County in 1857, where he was ordained the first Bishop of Santaquin. There Sister Melissa was married to B. F. Johnson, to whom she bore eleven children, seven sons and four daughters, all surviving her, and over sixty grand children. Aunt Melissa, as she was lovingly called by kindred and friends and all who knew her, was a true Latter-daSaint, a faithful wife, a loving mother, devoted to her duties in Relief Society work. She had held the office of president, also of counselor and was at the time of her death second counselor in the Stake Relief Society of the Maricopa Stake of Zion, having been called to that position September 15th, 1898. Her influence was always felt for good in this benevolent work. Her funeral w as an ovation of love mingled with sorrow and tears. Wreaths of beautiful flowers, lovingly bestowed by grandchildren and friends, covered the beautiful white casket in which she was laid to rest. S, 58-- g y RESOLUTIONS OF EXPONENT1 of truth. She was chosen secretary to the Relief Society, November 19, 1890, which position she held until the time of her death. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Whereas, It has pleased our Heavenly Father to remove our dear sister and take her to a higher sphere, therefore be it Resolved, That we mourn her loss as a faithful worker in the cause of truth, and as a faithful secretary of the Relief Society, and that we desire to emulate her earnest labors. Resolved, That we tender our sympathy to the bereaved husband and children, and pray our Heavenly Father to let the comforting influence of His Holy Spirit rest upon them, that they may realize that she has only gone before and is enjoying the rest of the faithful, and will come forth to a glorious immortality and eternal life. And, be it Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be placed on our record, one be sent to the bereaved family and one to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Committee of the Relief Society, Annie E. Cox, Harriet M. Earl, Mary Ellen Leavitt. SARAH TIBISITTS. Sarah Tibbitts, who died recently in this city, was born in Harrington Co., Cumberland, England, July 6, 1814, and was therefore in the year of her age at the time of her death. It was through a most miraculous cure of cancer in the breast by the administration of the Mormon Elders that she received the Gospel and joined the Church. She and her husband, John Tibbitts, were among the few who first heard and investigated the Gospel when it was first preached in that part of England. They with their four children emigrated to America in 1851, settling at New Orleans for something over a year. After leaving there the family went to Council Bluffs to join the Mormon emigrants and crossed the plains in ox teams, arriving in Salt Lake City in the fall of 1852, September u. They settled in the Second Ward, where they lived until the death of Brother Tibbitts, which occurred January 1, 1881. They had lived together more than fifty years. Sister Tibbitts was always a staunch adherent to her principles. She was most highly respected and beloved for her many acts of kindness and charity, especially in sickness, many, nu ny times responding to calls by getting out of her bed to was a memride miles in a lumber wagon. ber of the Relief Society for many years. In fact she gained the affectionate name of "Mother Tibbitts," till later in life she was called "grandma" by everybody. She was the mother of seven children. One son only, James L. Tibbitts of this city, survives her. She leaves twenty-on- e grandchildren, thirty-eigh- t great grandchildren and several great eighty-ei- ghth great grandchildren. Her funeral was held in the Second Ward meeting house in this city. Among the speakers were Bishop Clawson, Isaac Brockbank, Brother Wilson and others. The following beautiful hymns, great favorites of hers, were sweetly rendered by the choir: "There is sweet rest in heaven" and "Farewell all earthly honors." E. C. T. "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord, yea from henceforth they rest from their labors and their works do follow them." RESPECT. Resolved, That we, the officers of the Stake Relief Society, do feel to tender our love and sympathy to the memory of our beloved sister. Resolved, That we feel to humbly bow to the divine will of our Heavenly Father, and acknowledge His hand in all things. That we realize that in Sister Johnson we have lost a true, tried and faithful laborer in the work of God. Resolved, That a copy of this Memorial be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication, and that one be placed on the Maricopa Stake Relief Society records. A. E. Fuller, Sec. CALISTA EARL. In memory of Sister Elethra Calista Earl, daughter of Edward and Emily Abbott Bunker, who died June 3o, 1901, was born November 9, 1859, at Ogden, Utah. She leaves a husband, several children and numerous relatives and friends to mourn her loss. She was a good mother and obedient to the cause R. S. REPORTS. MARICOPA STAKE. Report of the conference of the Maricopa Stake of Zion, held in the Relief Society hall, December 26, 190 1, Counselor Fran-cell- e E- - Robson presiding, sickness having prevented our president, Mabel A. Hakes, attending. Meeting opened with the usual exercises. Reports were given from four out of six wards. Those that were given stated th?t all wrere alive to their duties as far as possible. There had been and still was some sickness. Quite an amount of wheat had been put up. The Mesa Ward had held their first Fair, and tithing had been paid on all the proceeds. The Woman's Building fund was spoken upon and a call was All felt encouraged made for donations. to go ahead in this great woik. The Stake had one of our beloved sisters On the 14th of taken from us by death. October the second counselor, Sister Sarah Melissa Johnson. Sister Melissa J. Hanson was called to fill the vacancy. There were many testimonies borne, good encouragement given, all feeling that it was one of the best conferences we had ever had. Adjourned for three months. Anna ALPINE E. Fuller, Sec. STAKE. The third quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Alpine Stake was held in Lehi, October 25, 1901. Sisters Elizabeth Stevenson and Susan Grant, of the General Board, were present, also the Stake Presidency and full representation of the various wards. Meeting opened at ten a. m., President Rebecca Standring presiding. Singing, "High on the mountain top." Prayer by Brother William Southwick. Singing, Roll called, "Come, come ye Saints." minutes of the morning session of former conference read and accepted. President Standring made some opening remarks in her usual kind way and expressed her pleasure at meeting the sisters in conference. President Sarah Foutz represented the Pleasant Grove ward; Linden was represented by President Martha Woolley; Manila by Counselor Swenson; Alpine by President Sarah Marsh; First Ward, American Fork, President Orpha Robinson; Second Ward by President Sarah S Chipman; Third Ward by Counselor Elizabeth Varney; Fourth Ward by President Alice T. Steele. These are new wards and the officers are young in the management, but are full of faith, and enthusiastic of their success, they have already commenced gathering grain and building granaries. They are profind and their labors easy gressing finely and their burdens light when they have the Spirit of the Lord. Sister Elizabeth Berry reported Cedar Fort Relief Society. Counselor Anderson reported Lehi Ward. She was pleased that Sister Standring was president of Alpine Stake, yet she is still president of the Lehi Ward, and she is the right woman in the right place, and we are very glad to sustain her. Sister Susan Grant addressed the meeting for a short time. Was well acquainted with Sister Standring and congratulated the sisters on having such a president in our newly organized Stake. Had rejoiced in the reports and in the testimonies of the sisters. Said the teachers should be the best of women, full of integrity and discernment, that tbty can bless those whom they visit Sister Elizabeth Stevenson was pleased to meet the sisters. Remembered when American Fork was only a small village and now it was divided into four wards. There was no greater calling than to be a teacher, and urgec the teachers to seek the Spirit of the Lord in all their duties. This is the kingdom of God, let us never say a word against His Holy Priesthood. Spoke of President Brigham Young, he alwavs sustained the Reliel Society, also all the other , presidents. The sisters sometimes 