WOMAN'S 20 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 2$ cts. Each square, ten lines of nonpanel A ivertising rates: disspace one time $2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc y, Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at the Post tecond-clas- s matter. Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as Salt Lake City, Utah, August i & 15, 1902. MRS. GATES' TRIP TO EUROPE. The visit of Mrs. Susa Y. Gates to Copenhagen, where she went to attend the Executive session of the International Council of Women, which convened in July, is a very significent event. Mrs. Gates is the chairman of the Press Committee of the National Council of the United States and expected to act as proxy for Mrs. Ida Husted Harper, chairman of the Press Committee of the International Council, but at the last moment Mrs. May Wright Sewall, president of the International Council, was unable to leave home and appointed Mrs Gates her proxy, and another lady from Canada was appointed proxy for Mrs. Harper on the Press Committee, Miss Emily Cummings. As Mrs. Se wall's proxy Mrs. Gates was the recipient of many courtesies and attentions, both on the steamer, and more especially on her arrival in Copenhagen. She made the acquaintance of a large number of distinguished people, and was Invited to dinners, receptions and paities, many more than it was possible to attend. She was the only woman representative from the United States present at the Council sessions. ' From the Council Mrs. Gates went by invitation of Mme.Chapponnier to Switzerland, where she remained visiting and enjoying the beauties of that picturesque romantic and celebrated scenery of mountains and lakes in that charming vicinity. "Mrs. Gates has had a most interesting and enjoyable time, although, she was very ill during her stay at Geneva or at the summer home on the lake where she was the guest of Mme. Chapponniere. She visited the Castle of Chillon while in Switzerland, and will, of course, give us a description of it in some of her letters from abroad or lectures after returning home. She sailed on the New England from Liverpool, August 13, and has already reached her native land Mrs. Gates was invited to visit Miss Susan B. Anthony at Rochester, N. Y., and Mrs. May Wright Sewall at Indianapolis, Indiana en route homeward. DEDICATION HUNTSNILLE RELIEF SOCETY HALL. Services opened with singing "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet." Prayer by Counselor N. C. Flygare. Singing, "Now let us rejoice." EXPONENT. The president, Sister Eliza Tracy, made opening remarks welcoming the people and naming the sisters and brethren present as visitors and mentioned that it was a day long looked forward to, asked for the blessing of tV Lord on all assembled and rejoiced to see them. President Jane S. Richards felt pleased and thankful to see the house and the faces of those who were there. Thought of those were who nresent ten years ago today, stone was laid, alluded to when the i Weber Stake House and to the early days in the work, was pleased to see the rag carpet and mentioned the Bishop's help The spirit of in the matter of building. the Gospel is not selfishness, "but, sisters, give your time and meet often," and to the young women she said to come and bring their babies, teach the children to be good "Now you and give them good training see come what tl e and have your house to mothers and grandmothers have tell you. Stake Counselor Hatiie C. Brown was pleased to meet with the sisters, congratulated them and was pleased to endorse Sister Richards' remarks. Sister Richards need not depreciate the House for Weber The Lord blesses his children in Stake. their labors fur Him, and will in the great We have great happiress in hereafter. of our own. Sister Richa house having ards and Sister Wells have traveled from one end of the State to the other, and others also. Spoke lovingly of Sister Richards. Bishop McKay, "Mother's day in Israel," recommended the young women to follow the counsel of Sister Richards. It is no wonder that the Lord told the Prophet to organize the sisters together. This house is to be dedicated to the Lord for the benefit and blessing of the Relief Society. Explained in reference to the building and spoke of the laying of the corner stone. Said, Counselor C. F. Middleton will now offer the dedicatory prayer." The prayer was very eloquent and full of meaning. All joined in the Amen. Singing, "O my Father, Thou that dwellest. ' ' Benediction by Counselor Engs-trucot-ne- At noon all were invited to the upper hall where a sumptuous banquet had bren prepared, and when the guests were seated President Middleton pronounced the blessing upon the food; and a most enjoyable feast it was for all the large assembly. The time flew swiftly.and lest the Relief Society hall would not hold the larger gathering in the afternoon, the services were held in the Huntsville meeting house. Afternoon session, held in the Huntsville meeting house, opened with singing "All hail the glorious day." Prayer by Elder C F. Scaddy. "Hark ten thousand voices." Sacrament administered. Sketch of the Relief Society from December 1867, read Mary J. Hammond, president; reorganized March u, 1878. Counselor C. F. Middleton wondered why it was he was the first to speak on this occasion when the history of the little society there had been read. Spoke of the roads, said i:e was the first to help make a road into that valley, was with President Young when he first visited that little place, was present when that meeting house was dedicated. "Many of the first who came here have passed to the beyond. The people here have been wonderfully blest." Said be had always felt interested Three days after the Prophet Joseph organized the Relief Society he baptized him in the Mississippi in the Relief Society. Said President Joseph Smith was river. the best looking man in the Church, etc. These are mothers in Israel, spoke upon consecration and of the changes that have taken place. Commended Sister Richards' labors in building the Stake hou.e. President Jane S. Richards then addressed the sisters, was glad to be in Huntsville on such a pleasant occasion, although it made her a little bit sad to remember ten years before, but we must all We were organized in the have trials. of poverty, when we had very little days to do with, but we are differently situated today, a kind word with a little help in sickness and in trouble is worth everything. Alluded to Brother Amasa Lyman once htlpingher to lift her wagon when she was traveling aud her husband was on a mission, she had ofteu thought of it. We can do little things for each other Spoke of in Nau-voRelief first the Society attending when she used to go and carry her little baby girl, she had to walk and Thought we thought it such a pleasure. who were weak in the those to ought help those in of other need more than even faith of sisters the bearing testiSpoke things. mony, and young people attending meetings and getting posted on Relief Society work; felt the house was a blessing. Stake Counselor H ttie C. Brown spoke of her early life, how anxious she was to gather with the Church, believed in consecration, was willing to give whatever she had, wanted to live her religion, always felt better when she attended her meetings, realized we were blest of the Lord through oar faithfulness. Bishop McKay appreciated the Relief Society, their labors of love. Praised the sketch of the society written and read by the secretary, spoke happily of President B' W. Smith, said our good wishes and blessings upon her and upon those who are absent from among us whom we wanted in our midst on this occasion, for men and for women, and made excellent remarks about brethren ind sisters who had gone before. Sister E- B. Wells spoke a short time upon the magnitude of the Relief Society, the importance of the work, the great benefit it would be to young women, etc. Sister Belona Scaddy, one of the trustees in the Relief Society, bore her testimony and felt it a pleasure to belong to the Relief Society, she had very much enjoyed listening to the sisters, etc. Sister Babbit, of Salt Lake City, spoke of Sister B. W. Smith not being able to come, as she was not well, and thought it would be unwise to venture, she wanted to save herself for the Temple. Said, "We in the Temple call her our queen, she presides with such grace and dignity." President Jane S. Richards invited the brethren and sisters to attend the Confer-- ( ence in Ogden in the new hall the second Thursday in September and spoke particularly about the children coming to meeting, the places they would be called to fill when grown to men and women, she was pleased to see them in the meeting. We live for the children, we can't teach them too much." Some announcements of meetings were made and the choir sang, "We're not ashamed to own our Lord." Benediction by Stake Counselor N. C. Flygare. o, - 