WOMAN'S 8o she would appreciate having meetings, as they did not hold meetings now. Sister Seaman, from the Ranch, said she was pleased to meet with the sisters. "We do not have Relief Society meetings at the Ranch, but attend Sunday meetings." She would be glad if a Society were organized, felt like it would be a good thing. She felt well, and hoped we would remain faithful. President Seegmiller said she had just returned from visiting the branches in Glendale and Mt. Carmel. Found the .sisters feeling well, those that attended felt like raising their proportion of the fund. Sister .Seegmiller said she would be pleased to hear from the sisters but there was not time, having our meeting after the afternoon meeting. Spoke of the feast we have had in conference. We want to ask ourselves how far we are living the lives of Latter-daSet examples Saints, etc. before our children that are worthy of emulation. Have faith and ba able to live the principles of the Gospel. Sister Elizabeth Pugh: "I feel and realize that we are living in important times, and if we live in compliance with the commandments of the Lord we will have the blessings of God." Sister Emma Woolley: "Let us as mothers pray for wisdom. There is going to be a drawing in of the lines, that our Father's work maybe done," etc. Sister Laura Chamberlain spoke of the need of counseling our children aright that they may do right. Said we should teach our girls the responsibility of mothers and wives. Asked the blessing of God upon us. Singing, Doxology. Meeting adjourned Benediction by Arte-missi- a Potter. Peesis A. Spencer, Sec. for three months UTAH WOMAN'S PRESS CLUB. FIRST DECADE OF ITS ORGANIZATION. By special invitation the December meeting was held at the residence of Mrs. I. Cameron Brown, at which, by request, our charming hostess favored the dub with a realistic and entertaining paper on the "Life and Works of Frances Burney." The names af Mrs. S. O. B. Cummings, Mrs. Rachel Miller and Dr. Orielle Curtis were presented for membership. Vote carried. In behalf of the club a vote of thanks was tendered Mrs. Brown, who has upon different occasions entertained the club so generously. At the January meeting, on motion of C. C. R. Wells, the president appointed Mesdames R. B. Pratt, E. R. Shipp and L. D. Alder a committee to prepare suitable resolutions, congratulating the U. W. P. Club, and Mrs. I. Cameron Brown (one of its members) who is at present the recipient of Congressional honors. Another motion was made that the same committee make honorable m ention of the 75th birthday of R. K. EXPONENT. Zina D. H. Young, one of our members and honored president of the N. W. R. S., and that such resolutions be sent to the ladies named, and be recorded in the minutes. Carried. Mrs Antoinette Brown Kinney was received as a member. A paper on the Single Tax was read by Mrs. R. B. Pratt, which caused much lively discussion. At the February meeting Mrs. Pratt continued her paper on the same subject, the discussion again becoming interesting, and on motion it was continued to another The subject of Parliamentary meeting. Law was also continued. The president sts ted that she had received a letter from the Countess Annie d' Montaigu, asking for information concerning the club, to publish in an Eastern magazine. This shows that the club is The name of becoming well known. Caine A. at this meeting. Margaret appears At the March meeting Miss S. L. Monroe was received as a member. By previous invitation the April meeting was held at the residence of Mrs. S. L. Dr. Elliot was introduced as Dickinson. the guest of the evening. She entertained the club with interesting facts in the life and labors of Miss Barton. Gave the A letter was origin of the Red Cross. read from Mrs. Brown, written in Washington. Miss Sybil Stewart was the guest at the June meeting. Mrs. Emma J. was received as a member. July 1, the June meeting was held at the residence of the president, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp. It was a delightful summer and the occasion was one long to evening, be remembered. We were honored by the presence, as visitors, of Mrs. Jennings, president of the Utah Federation of Women's Clubs, of local fame, and the noted suffrage speaker of national reputation, Miss Elizabeth Upham Yates. Mrs. McVicker spoke on her visit to Denver, after which the visitors spoke interestingly at some length. Mrs. I. Cameron Brown gave a talk on her recent sojourn in Washington. At the earnest request of the club Miss Yates gave a graphic and vivid account of her visit in Mc-Vick- er China. In response to the kindly invitation of Mrs. Rachel Milkr the July meeting was held at her home, Mrs. Mary J. Lambert and Mrs. Martha Miller were received as members. A critic was appointed. This had long been the desire of the club. Mrs. McVicker was the first to hold this position. An invitation from the Ladies' Literary Club was read to the U. W. P. C. members to be present at their opening day exercises, which would include a reception to the retiring president, At the Stptember meeting Dr. Curtis gave an interesting account of her summer vacation. Mrs. Mary J. Lambert, after reading a poem on the beautiful Island of Hawaii, by request spoke in that musical language. The annual meeting held in October was devoted to character representations. The officers for the ensuing year were also stalled. The names of Maria Miller Johnson, Julia Ivins McDonald and Augusta Joyce Crocheron were presented as candidates for honorary membership, and received by A committee was unanimous vote. to prepare a book of all the appointed officers and members of the club, past and present. At the November meeting Miss Mae Taylor was received as a member. At the December meeting Mrs. Emily S. Richards was received as a member. The February meeting, 1897, was held at the home of its president, Mrs. Ruth The birthday of our honored M. Fox. Mrs. E. B. Wells was fittingly observed. Mrs. Wells gave a talk on htr Eastern trip, and the club presented her with a small token of esteem and appreciation. Dr. Ellis R. Shipp entertained the club for the March meeting at her home on Miss A. M. Beecher was Center Street. the guest of honor. A large number of guests and club members were present to In response to the request of greet her. the ladies Miss Beecher gave an informal talk on topics of interest to all; Economics, the influence of women in politics, and the political status of the Eastern womaa, each was touched upon. At the June meeting a program in honor of Queen Victoria's 60th Jubilee was carried out as follows: "Victoria as a girl, Mrs. E. S. Wilcox; Victoria as a wife, Dr. R. B. Pratt; Victoria as a mother, Mrs. M. A. Freeze; Victoria as a queen, Mrs. E B. Wells; Victoria's Jubilee poein, Mrs. L. D. Alder. Mrs. Wells presented an invitation from the National Press Club, asking the U. W. P. C. to send a delegate to the meeting to be held at Nashville, October 25. The July program of 1897 was in comThe memoration of the Utah pioneers. first paper, "The Pioneers," was by Miss Laura Hyde, "The Jubilee" was by Mrs. Fox. Dr. Orielle Curtis was appointed special correspondent for the Review, by request of its editor, Mrs. Bradley. (Continued.') Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank n Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19,000 sav- ings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW pay FOUI El PER CENT doi-TEREST on any from one lar to thousands and comput said interest four timess a year. We THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your We aim to give you as patronage: much as possible for you money. ' ""s Y R Y US in- IN-amou- nt !, , WRITE for any informat ;ion desired. Lorenzo Snow, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier Nos. -5 Main Street. 