WOMAN'S EXPONENT WHERE ARE THEY NOW? Suggested by the death of Brother Oliver G. Workman, a member of the Mormon Battalion. Where are they now, the gallant five hundred, The Mormon Battalion so dauntless and true, The flow'r of their people, the support of the aged, Who wandered as exiles from lovely Nauvoo ? Where are they now ? their foes were unnumbered, Their friends were but few, earth's treasures all gone; Their wives faint and weary, the children God help them Innocent victims of injustice and wrong. Where are they now, the banished five hundred ? By their country forsaken, though their cause was most just. They halt in their journey, the trumpet is sounding. A call from that country Oh God. can they trust ? To arms, n'en to arms despised five hundred Make haste, ye deluded, we brook no delay; O'er parched, sandy prairies and unknown mountain passes, You must cut your way through to far Santa Fe. ! 1 ! Where are they now, the noble five hundred ? The flag proudly waves on once alien soil, But the men one by one, have laid down their muskets. And rolled off their knapsacks, to rest from their toil. Where are they now, immortal five hundred ? Their glory's unbounded and ever shall shine; Though the flag the defended be torn from its bulwarks, Their unparallelled story shall live through all time. Ruth M. Fox. IN FAVOR OF The American, of Chicago, sends the questions to leading educators: "First Does coeducation lower academic standards ? "Second Is coeducation justified by experience ? "Third Does coeducation discourage the attendance of young men at coeducational institutions?" Among the replies published is this from Asariah S. Root, acting Dean of Oberlin fol-owi- College: "Oberlin College has had nearly seventy years' experience in coeducation, having been the first college to adopt that method of education. "i. It has not been our experience that coeducation lowers academic standards, but rather that it improves them. "2 Our experience warrants the statement that coeducation carried on with such safeguards as are employed here is entirely justified by experience. "3. Coeducation does not seem to have effected the attendance of young men at this institution. In our college department for some years back the ' percentage of young men has been slowly increasing." W. C. Spangler, Acting Chancellor of State University of Kansas, writes: "1. The University of Kansas is closing thirty-siyears of education. Our standard rns never taken cognizance of any Codifference between men and women. education has not affected the standard of x work. "2. Coeducation at the University of Kansas has entirely justified itself. No one here would think of changing the present status. We regard association of sexes in education as much a matter of course as in the home, church, business and society. Men and women improve by association in education as in all things. We believe there is no disposition "3. on the part of the men here to object to the presence of their sisters in any department. Have not heard of men going elsewhere because of the presence of women. The people of Kansas believe heartily in coedu- Smith and hear him speak would convince any one that he was a prophet of God. Sister Emma Smith was a wise and noble president, and an excellent speaker. Sister Elizabeth Brown, bore her testication." Ex. mony, showing that her love for the Gospel continually increased. ITEMS FROM PLEASANT GROVE. Bishop J. E. Tborne also addressed the meeting. Our Relief Society was organized about President Foutz was pleased to see so forty-siyears ago Meetings were then many present, and thanked all for the inheld at the homes of the members and no terest taken in the exercises. The principarticular records were kept. The choir sang. Benediction was propal feature of the work was to help arriving nounced by Christian Nielson. emigrants every year. During the time of A party was given in the evening, the move or exodus from Salt Lake Co., which was a both in a social the excitement caused a disruption in gen- and financial grand success, invitations had Verbal way. eral and the meetings were not held very been to in the given every family ward, regularly alter. Refreshments were sold and our treasury On April 12, 1868, a reorganization took was increased $51.00. place, and since that date a complete recis a valuable aid to us in The Exponent ord of every meeting and every donation our we wish it every success. work, has been kept. It is a very interesting Sarah Foutz, Pres't., book to read, containing many suggestions Rose B. Hayes Sec'y. and counsels from Presidents Brigham Young and Wilford Woodruff, Sisters Eliza WAYNE STAKE. R Snow and Elizabeth Howard, and many others whose voices have long been silent Relief Society conference ot Wayne in the tomb; but their loving words and held at Loa, July 2, 1902, President Stake, noble deeds will live forever in our memS. Coleman presiding. Jane Visiting sisories. E. J. Stevenson and M. A. Caine. ters, Much credit is due those faithful workers President Coleman in her opening reof early days; the amount of good accom- marks expressed her pleasure in having plished by them cannot be estimate d. Their missionary sisters, the Stake presidency donations sound a little odd to us today, as and Remany sisters from the wards. they consisted of wool, yarn, flour, dried ported union, promptness and good feeling fruit, molasses, vegetables, store orders, in the Stake. etc. Presidents reports. Harriet Staples, Loa; Many who were members forty-fiv- e Louisa J. Taylor, Fremont; Orilla Chapel, years ago are still enrolled, although not Lyman; Sarah G. Meeks, Thurber. All active workers. They often meet with us, favorable reports. Counselor Sarah gave and give us their blessing and the benefit S. of their experience, which are greatly ap- lives.Forsyth spoke upon living exemplary preciated. Sister Stevenson spoke on many elevatWe have 180 members enrolled and 46 ing subjects pertaining to the home and the teachers. We hold meetings semi-- r onthly Relief Society, and urged the sisters to Our average and have organized a choir. of the Lord. the work help along attendance is 40. Sister Caine spoke upon obedience to the We have a granary and 153 bushels of priesthood, duties and responsibilities of wheat, also $250.00 in the bank as a buildon mothers, exercising patience with chiling fund, and we hope to have a house of dren and gaining their confidence, etc. our own in the near future, in which we , At the close of the morning session an can meet for work and worship. officers' meeting was held where questions On the first Sunday evening of each were asked, and answered by the visiting month, while the brethren meet in priest- sisters aud good instructions given. hood meeting, the mothers and daughters Afternoon session. Sister Mary E. It was requested by Hanks spoke on the duties of mothers hold a meeting also. and The Relief Society, the our Stake president. of children. training Young Ladies and Primary officers take Sister Caine addressed the conference and turns in presiding, and all the mothers and made a specialty of the silk industry; also Lectures on subdaughters are invited. upon motherhood and prayer. are given and spoke to sex our beneficial jects Sister Stevenson spoke well upon the testimonies by both old and young prove grand mission of motherhood, the watch that all are interested and benefited. care over children and cultivating faith; alWe held anniversary exercises on the so of economy, cleanliness, the Word of On the stand were the Wisdom and 17th of March. urged the sisters to belong to Bishopric of the ward, the officers of the the Relief Society. Relief Society, Sister Elizabeth Walker, a President Willis E. Robison, Patriarch representative of the society at Nauvoo, E. H. Blackburn, Counselors H. M. Han- who was also the first president of this son and G. S. Bastian each endorsed the ward, Elizabeth Brown, our second presi- - teachings of the visiting sisters, and apdent, having held that position for twenty-fou- r preciated their visit and teaching. Presiyears, and other veterans in the Relief dent Coleman was grateful for the excellent Society work, President Sarah Foutz pre- spirit that had been enjoyed. siding. Conference adjourned for six months. After singing and prayer, a program of Benediction by Elder Lazenby. addresses, readings, sketches and music was Anna Coleman, Sec. given, which was very interesting. Sister Elizabeth Walker spoke of the Miss Mary Wightman, of Salt Laka society at Nauvoo; told how they loved the meet often not with City, has been appointed map draftsman, at Prophet, but he could them on account of being harassed with a salary of $1 , 200, in the Surveyor-General'- s mobs. It seemed to her that to see Joseph office of Utah. x , 