WOMAN'S EXPONENT. , f Jcrrm ' ' lit 1 norcAT.M-- 1 . - 1 work and the Lord will ble?s you." Sinking. 79 "Guide us, 0 Thou Great Benediction by President Stephen L. Chipman. Afternoon session commenced by singing, "Earth with her ten thonsand flowers." Prayer by Brother Larkins. Singing, "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire." Counselor Annie C. Hindley could testify that we never meet but the Lord blesses We are prone to evil and the sooner us. we bring our minds to the mind and will of the Lord, the greater will be our reward. These organizations are by the power and inspiration of the Lord, and it is necessary that we are guided by the Lord in all our do good actions, we must have charity-anto our enemies. Minutes of afternoon session of former conference read and accepted. Sisier Elizabeth Stevenson said, "This society is for the young mothers to learn their duties and learn to raise their children. This is a self sacrificing society. Our daughters should learn to be good housekeepers in every respect This is the parent work of the sisters and we know that the Lord is at the head. Humility is the watchword, let us teach our sous and daughters how to live and raise their children in the fear of the Lord. They are jewels sent from the home of our Father, teach them the laws of life and health, and remember that the responsibility falls on you mothers." Encouraged the sisters not to neglect their Temple work and urged them to take the Exponent and read it, and so keep posted in the Relief Society President Stephen L- Chipman had been The Relief delighted with the meetings is the Society appreciated by presidents and by the Bishops Thought that the teachers should seek the Lord in prayer e "He will going on their rounds. come to your rescue in the hour of need.', Counselor Harriet Jacobs always felt well to converse on the principles of the Gospel, if we are doing ail we can we are blest of the Lord President A. J. Evans said: "Unless we remember some of the good things that have been said and reduce them to practice in our lives we shall get little good. The Lord said 'Seek and ye shall find,' and He will reward openly all who reek him in secret. The organization of the Church has stood for seventy-on- e years. It stands firm as adamant and will goon to triumphal success. Bishop Cutler was sure that the Relief Society was in strict line of their duty. The Bishops fully realize the importance of these organizations and it is for us to conform to their requirements. We have much to be thankful for. We will not only be exalted ourselves but we can help those of We our friends who have passed away. to our should make our homes attractive children and keep them from evil ways and evil places. Brother Larkins read from Sec. 84, Docirhie and Covenants, pertaining to the two priesthoods bestowed upon our brethren, and spoke a short time on sustaining our husbands and brothers and encourage them to do their duty and Gcd will bless them on their missions or wherever they may be called to labor. President Standring said her heart had Jehovah." - be-foi- rejoiced and her spirit had been fed this Felt thankful for these mothers and day. these daughters that have been given to her to feed. Had proved the Lord fur and asked him to bless the many years, sisters with the graces of the Gospel. The teachers are saviors to those whom they visit, they can go them much good. Singing, "0, say what is truth." Benediction by President A J. Evans. Emma Featherstone, KANAB STAKE. Sec. "Awake, ye Saints of God, awake." Prayer by President Thomas Chamberlain. Singing, "The Gospel standard high ' is raised. ' Present on the stand were Sister Stevenson, of the General Board, Stake Relief Society Counselors H. E Hoyt and Eliza- beth Pugh, President M. E. Pond, E. J. Lewis, Emma G. Woolley, also Stake President E. D. Woolley, President Chamberlain and Brother J. W. Crosby, Jr. President Snow's address that was given at Saltair was read by Sister Maria Porter. Sister Stevenson addressed the sisters. She was pleased to see so many more out-tWe should not meeting this evening. be discouraged when our present Prophet encourages rnd blesses ur work. Spoke of the Woman's Building, the, encouragement which President Snow had given it. It is the best organization known for women Today there are many mothers, they must not neglect their children; but the best mothers are also the best members of the Relief Society. Exhorted all to be Adpure in thought and conversation. monished mothers to teach their sons to make home pleasant and comfortable for their wives. Teach children to par tithing, prove that the Lord will open the windows of heaven, etc. She had proved Him in the past and could trust Him in the future. "May God help us to fill every department in our mission." Stake President E. D. Woolley expressed pleasure in listening to the remarks of Sister Stevenson, was thankful for her visit, as well as the visit of the brother who is with us. There had been many advanced that we can profit by. principles Exhorted the sisters to sustain the Relief Society. Singing, "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire." Benediction by Brother J. W. Kanab Relief Society conference convened in Kanab meeting house at 4:30 p. in., September 7, 1901, First Counselor Hannah E .Hoyt presiding. Present on the stand were Sister Elizabeth Stevenson, of the General Board; Counselors H. E Hoyt and Elizabeth Pugh, of the Stake Relief Society; representatives from all the branches in the Stake, except Mt. Carmel and Glendale. Singing, "Come, come ye Saints." Minutes Prayer by Sister Emily Lewis. of June conference read and accepted. President Margaret Baird, of Kanab Relief Society, reported that society as improving and members trying to do the best they can. They were saving means to build a society house. President Emma Brown, of Fredonia, reported that society as doing a good work. Miss Abbie Cox gave a favorable report of the Orderville Relief Society. Sister Elizabeth Stevenson, of Salt Lake She was City, addressed the sisters. to the meet 'sisters. Referred to pleased the importance of the Relief Society work. It is very essential and was afraid we did Told of the difficulties not appreciate it. she had met in preparing for ard making her journey to visit us, and was sorry the sisters were not all here to meet her. Every virtuous woman should belong to the Crosby, Jr. Kanab Stake Relief Society meeting held society. Spoke of the necessity of being December 14, 1901. at the residence of chaste and pure and making right, marriages. There is a great mission for all Elizabeth Pugh. Present were Stake President Artemesia mothers. Help the daughters to become All be missionaries, there is Seegmiller and Counselor Elizabeth Pugh, good wives. ample work at home for missionaries. Keep and representatives from all the branches the confidence of your children, and teach excepting Mt. Carmel and Glendale. Opened by singing "We thank Thee, them to be pure and holy, prayerful and O God, for a prophet." Prayer by Sister modest. Be careful of your boys as well as Bowens. Harriet your girls. Paid a beautiful tribute to President Seegmiller said there was but the memory of Sister Zina D. H. Young, said she would never die, her work will little time, some business to attend to and to hear the report of the different branches. keep her living in the memory of thousands. Sister C. Hoyt gave a report of the Sister Harriet Brown was pleased to meet Orderville society. Said they were trying Remembered the hall to do all they could for the cause and adwith the sisters. and house where the first meeting of the vancement of the Gospel, and were trying Saints was held in Nauvoo, had sat on the to raise means to send to the Woman's Prophet's knee. Paid a high tribute to Building, trying to raise their children to Sister Zina, her lovely disposition and be useful. noble life. Felt deeply interested in the Sister Emma Brown, of Fredonia, said: welfare of the young people. Our chilare united and trying to do right. We "We dren are our first care and will be great have work meetings every two weeks." blessings if we train them properly. Had Sister M. E- Baird, of Kanab: "I believe passed through mobbings and trials, but as a band of sisters we are striving to do had always been blest and sustained. Felt and have We meetings program to bless all the sisters, her heart was full right. a once and month, meetings testimony of blessing for them. Prayed continually are We sisters the feel that improving. for strength to shun evil. "Girls, never on motherhood lectures to have We expect say 'I don't care,' it is dangerous. We are striving to should care enough to live right, and say given by Sister Home. to the building in to donate means Told us she was a get good things always." Lake." Salt member of the General Board, but supSister Buchanan, of Johnson, said she felt posed only a few of the sisters knew it. that the sisters of Johnson were united. "I Singing, "Come, let us anew." Benebelieve that if we only make up our minds diction by Sister Bethana Hart. Felt that to session Afternoon go to meeting we can go." opened by singing - 