WOMAN'S EXPONENT She their father, who died the morning the first ia Salt Lake City in the fall of 1856. She company of Saints left. came to Bear Lake in the year 1866. was chosen second counselor to President Sister Billings, her mother, her sister Sarah Phelps when the Relief Society was Edith and her two brothers, John and first organized here, August 1, 1869, was Thomas Jefferson, aftei some time came to again chosen first counselor to President Utah, arriving in Salt Lake September 22, Hoganson, April 30, 1879, which position 1850, finally settling in Manti, Sanpete Co., she has filled with honor for a period of where her mother died in 1.852. Here Sister Deborah Patten was married to thirty years. Sister Ann Bunney, the third subject Alfred S. Billings, who died at Provo, of this sketch, was born in Cornwall, EngMarch 15, 1882. in and arrived Salt 1830, She was the mother of ten children, May land, 5, She came seven of whom survive her. She was a Lake City September 20, 1856 to Bear Lake in the fall of 1863 and in the woman of exceptionally strong mind and year 1869 she was called to labor as a body and great strength of character. She teacher in the Montpelier Relief Society, a has always been an untiring worker in the In the Church from her youth, and at the time of position she filled for five years. year 1874 she was chosen treasurer of the her death was counselor in the Utah Stake Relief Society here, a position she honored Relief Society which position she held for for twenty-seveyears. Perhaps it would many years. Not an hour before her death not be amiss to state that Sister Bunney she received the following note: also filled the important office of president Provo, June 16, 1902. of the Montpelier Primary Association for Dear Sister Billings: twenty years. Shall we go to the Fifth Ward tomorrow and fill our It would seem almost useless to state appointment We can go there, or what shall we do ? that these important offices were magni- to the Tabernacle at 10 o'clock, can have a visit with tt.e till 2 o'clock, then go and attend the meeting, if fied and honored by our worthy sisters up old folks you think best. Send me word by the bearer, I will to the time of their release, which occurred abide vour dt cision. Marilla Daniels. November 16, 1901. Such is the case, however, and as daughters of Zion who She answered the note verbally and in have associated with them for years and the affirmative and in less than twenty have seen the true integrity of their hearts, minutes was gone to her long sleep. Thus we are at a loss for words in which to exher devotion to duty will ever be a dispress our heartfelt thanks for the blessings tinguishing quality of her life. She died we have received during their long and at her home in Provo City, June 16, 1902. faithful administration in the Relief Society. In looking over her papers her daughMary A. Perkins. ters found the following lines composed by her on her sixty-nintbirthday, April 11, n in Job Smith's company. While en route she passed through the many privations and hardships incident to the trip. At that time cholera was raging in St. Louis, and on their arrival there her mother, Ann Henderson, wras stricken with the disease and later died at Quarantine Island. She, with her father and sister, Mary S. Horne, continued their journey on to Utah, arriving here in September, 1854. In 1858 she was married to John A. Sutton Together they passed through the trying scenes of the move south, and in 1869 they were called to settle Paris, Bear Lake Co., where they have since resided. Sister Sutton has been closely connected with the Relief Society of that Stake, and has been an infallible worker in that cause. She was beloved by all who knew her. She possessed a strong personal character and wielded an influence for good wherever she went, and not less strong was her love for and devotion to the Gospel of Christ. Sister Sutton was the mother of ten sons and one daughter. Her husband, seven sons, one daughter and twenty-nin- e grandchildren survive her, all of whom are faithful members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Six Saints. of her sons were present and acted as pall-beare- rs at her funeral. The funeral was held in Paris 1st ward meeting house on Monday, May 19. Consoling remarks were made by Elder George B. Spencer, Bishop Robert Price and President William Budge, who spoke highly of the good qualities of the deceased. The floral offerings were numerous and beautiful and a large cortege followed the remains to their last resting place, where she will sleep in She lived and died peace until the resurrection. a faithful Saint and to knew her was to love her. Lillian ELIZABETH M. Horne. - HANFORD The sudden death of Sister Elizabeth Hanford, president of the Relief Society of the Twentieth Ward, Salt Lake City, was indeed a great shock to her relatives and intimate friends. The unlooked for occurrence took place at her 1899: home, on Wednesday, June 18, 1902, the saddest WHEN I AM GONE. feature connected therewith being the absence of her devoted husband, Brother John Hanford, who When I am gone, lay this tired old body away. was at his mine in the mountains. Let il rest until the coming of the morn, At about three o'clock p. m., Sister Hanford had prepared lunch and her son, Ray, had parThen my spirit will illumine this rough mold of clay, taken of the meal with her, after which he returned With a radiance as bright as the sun. to his work at the Post office, leaving his mother, Let it rest in the glow of the life that is gone, who seemed quite as well and cheerful as usual, still sitting at the table and looking over a newsIts trials and temptations ate run, One weary life's journey is endrd at last. paper. About twenty minutes to five the young man received the overwhelming message that his Gone down with the setting sun. mother was dead. What joy will be ours at the breaking of day Fortunately, after being seized with strangulaWith life's gloomy shadows all gone, tion, of which she died, Sister Hanford was enabled to reach the door and attract the attention of a little No clouds to obstruct the glory of day, neighbor girl, who immediately called a young With Christ, the Eteanal One. woman to her aid; so that she was not entirely RESOLUTIONS. alone during the death struggle, whjch occurred about fifteen minutes after her son had left her. Whereas our Heavenly Father in His divine wisdom Elder William Noyce, Sister Hanford's brother-in-lahas called from our midst by death our beloved sister and was called in and administered to her, colaborer in the presidency ot the Utah Stake of Zion, to the arrival of other friends. previous (Relief Socit tv) she being a faithful and devoted Latter-da- y The startling intelligence of the sudden and Saint and a useful member in society, humble and steadfast to the cause of truth, aud has gone to rest to sorrowful death was swiftly carried about the those dear loved ones in a better world beyond. ward, and many friends gathered about the home jin to render all possible service, among the foreTherefore be it Resolved, That we recognize in this loss the will of most being Bishop George Romney and Sister an Omnipotent God; but will feel the loss of our sister's Hanford's associate officers in the Relief Society. presence at our meetings, and we will strive to emulate physicians were summoned who agreed her noble example and remember the fervent testimonies that nothing could have been done to prevent she has borne from time to time in our midst. what had happened, even had medical aid been That we extend onr heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved children and friends in the loss of a kind and affectionate present at the moment of the attack. Sister Elizabeth C. A. Hanford was born mother and friend. That a copy of these resolutions be tendered to her Octobor25, 1850,' at Woodhouse, Mansfield, Notchildren and one be sent to the Woman's Exponent for years, tinghamshire England, and was fifty-tw- o publication. old at the seven months and twenty-fou- r days Mary John, President, time of her death. Marilla M Danieis, Counselor. She embraced the Gespel in her youth and to Utah while she was still young. For more than twenty years Sister Hanford has been OBITUARY. a faithful and efficient worker in the Twentieth Ward Relief Society, and during different periods MARGARET HANNAH SUTTON. of that time, has successfully and honorably filled Sister Margaret Hannah Sutton, daughter of the various positions of member, teacher, assistant Richard and Ann Henderson Shepherd, died secretary, counselor and president. The last May 16, 1902, at her home in Paris, Bear Lake named office she had held for about three and a Co. Idaho, after a few hours illness. She had half years at the time of her death been afflicted with heart trouble for several years, Although very humble, Sister Hanford was, in a practical sense, an exceedingly energetic and which finally resulted in her death. ambitious woman, always willing to take more Sister Sutton was born in Northshields, Norththan her share of the really hard work which beDecember umberland Co., England, 11, 1838; was baptized into the Church when ten years old longs to the duties of the Relief Society. And and with her parents emigrated to Utah in i854( coupled with these sterling qualities she possessed h IN MEMORIAM. It is almost daily we are called upon to say farewell to some dear friend or aged veteran in the cause of truth, but the sub- ject of this sketch, Sister Deborah Patten Billings, stepped, as it were, from her earthly duties, cares and sorrows, without one uttered good bye or expressed wish and joined the many anxious ones gone before. She was born in Fairplay, Green Co., Indiana, April 11, 1830. Through her Dr. she traces her John Patten, father, the to back William Conquerer. genealogy They were residents of Lancastershire, England, in the reign of Henry VIII. and stood high in the service of the king. Near the close of the seventeenth century three One brothers embarked for America died at sea, one settled in the north and Sister Billings the third iu the south was a descendant of the northern family, her father having served the government in the war of 181 2. Later on the family settled iu Green Co., Indiana, where the Gospel found them and in 1830 her father baptized his brother, David W. Patten, who subsequently became one of the quorum of the first Twelve Apostles in this dispensation. He was martyred in the year 1838. Her mother, Hannah Ingersoll, was a cousin of Col. Robert Ingersoll. She with her children shared with the Saints all the persecutions of early days, during their mobbings and drivings of Clay, Davis and Caldwell Counties. They finally settled at Nauvoo, across the Mississippi" on the Iowa side of the river, at Montrose, Lee Co., Iowa. In 1847 they moved to Winter Quarters, now known as Florence, where they were preparing to take up their march to Zion the following spring but were detained by To ed 