Woman's Exponent The Ballot in the Hands of the Women 0 Vol. 30 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY, 1902 CONTENTS. Peace Committee 97 Appeal " " 97 General Instructions Letter From St. George.. Ann C. Woodbury 98 The Seven Rules of Harmony 99 An Miss 'Anthony Heritage.. In Philadelphia Letter Silk Culture Letter From Brooklyn In Memoriam.. A Faithful Sister Gone Reunion. Kansas City Conference Kansas City Mission 99 100 102 102 103 Belle Shaffer Eliza Cooki 103 Sarah Webb 103 L. J. McCarthy 104 M. Atkinson 104 Relief Society Pamphlet. Working for Peace Miss Hunt's Visit Entertainment at Bee Hive A Social Afternoon Recessional. Courage 99 .Clara Barton. Margaret A. Caine Editorial 100 100 101 101 101 Rudyard Kipling 99 Celia Thaxter 97 Whittier's Poem on Peace 99 RECESSIONAL. RUDYARD KIPLING. God of our fathers, known of old Lord of our g battle line Beneath whose awful hand we hold Dominion over palm and pine Lord God of Hosts, be with us yet, Lest we forget iest we forget The tumult and the shouting dies The Captains and the Kings depart-S- till stands Thine ancient sacrifice, An humble and a contrite heart. Lord God of Hosts be with us yet, Lest we forget lest we forget our navies melt away On dune and headland sinks the fire Lo, all our pomp of yesterday Is one with Nineveh and Tyre Judge of the Nations spare us yet, Lest we forget lest we forget of power, we lose If, drunk with ' Wild tongues sight that have not Thee in boastings as the Gentiles use, Or lesser breeds without the law Lord God of Hosts be with us yet, Lest we forget lest we forget For heathen heart that puts her trust In reeking tube and iron shard All valiant dust that builds on dust. And guarding, calls not Thee to guard; For frantic boast and foolish word, Thy mercj on Thy people, Lord Amen, far-flun- ! Far-calle- d, ! ! awe-Suc- h ! ! AN APPEAL TO Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation THE CITIZENS OF UTAH. Certain economic, moral and ethical conditions which have arisen out of the ruins of war and bloodshed are engaging the serious thought of the noble band of men and women who are seeking to promote mental and spiritual growth among all nations, tongues and peoples. The present agitation and wide spread discussion of the subjects of "Peace" and "International Arbitration" and "Gradual Disarmament" has been brought about by the almost universal manifestation of moral and mental enlightenment, which is descending upon the world at the dawn of this most auspicious period of time, the Twentieth Century. The call made by the Czar of Russia for the International Peace Conference at the Hague, brought the subject of Peace and Arbitration before the civilized nations of the world. Among the women this awakened sentiment which favors peace and good will toward man, found expression in a "Universal Peace Demonstration," which was held in eighteen .countries, May 18, 1899, the evening preceding "The Hague Conference." The demonstration was undertaken by an international committee of women. The national councils and local councils were authorized to make arrangements for such meeting and it is to the credit of the women of our nation that with less than a month's notice there were held within twenty-on- e different states 163 meetings attended by 73,961 women. Under the able leaders among women, Emmeline B. Wells and Elmina S. Taylor, Utah gave an enthusiastic demonstration in favor of peace and arbitration. Mrs. Wells sent a cablegram to headquarters at The Hague telling the good results in our State and received a grateful reply. On May 15, 1901, simultaneously with the opening of the Court of International Arbitration, another demonstration was made, showing that women's zeal for peace instead of being cooled by wars is excited to greater ardor. Again the councils of women over the entire world are urged by the president, Mrs. May Wright Sewall, to organize another Demonstration to be held the coming May 15, 1902. The State Committee, representing the appointments made by the National Woman's Relief Society, Bathsheba W. Smith President, and the National Y. L. N. M. I. A., Elmina S. Taylor President, join with leading women'of this community in an appeal to the people of this State to lend their aid to this cause, that this question of arbitration and peace, and the sentiment of the Universal Brothethood of man may be borne to every soul in our midst. The subject of peace and arbitration deals with such state and financial questions as material losses and cost of war, and discussions should follow along these lines. Moral deterioration is also incident to war and this phase should also be brought to the public mind. Any cause which would tend to weaken the race physically must involve the spiritual well being of a nation. Thus each phase of war presents a religious aspect and a realization of this impels us to particularly request the entire band of ministers and clergymen and Sabbath School officers to unite with us in this work, not only by attending and taking part in the programs given at the demonstrations on May 15, but to also discuss subjects bearing on this question in all Church gatherings on May 11, the Sabbath We day preceding the demonstration. all to teachers, principals, earnestly appeal superintendents of public and private schools to devote "morning talks" and chapel exercises on the morning of May 15, to subjects in relation to Universal Peace. Presidents of Primary Associations might No. , also give suitable talks 13 at the regular s meeting preceding May 15. We appeal to the club women to assist us by taking active part in the demonstra-tio- n effort, to stimulate the desire for peace and to concentrate public attention upon those ideals of loving brotherhood. Speed the day when "Nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall ' they learn war any more," but "they shall' beat their swords into plough shares and their spears into pruning hooks." Then shall we approach more nearly to the realization of the "Peace of God which passeth all understanding." Signatures Bathsheba W. Smith, Elmina S. Taylor, Ann M. Cannon. Julia P. M. Farnsworth, Clarissa S. Williams, Maria Y. Dougall, Lizbeth Qualtrough, Emma J. McVicker. Lucretia H. Kimball Bertha G. Bamberger, Isabel M. W. Sears, Josephine Spencer, Mary A. H. Cannon, t, Virginia Snow Stephen, Elizabeth Katie B. Y. Kraft, May Wells Whitney, Mary F. Young, Dessie W. Grant, Clara Holbrook, Inez Knight, Lillian Horne, Alice Richards, Rebecca E. Little, Janie M. Kingsbury, Edna M. Ridges, Lucile Jennings, Alice Isley. Annie Taylor Hyde, member of the International Peace Committee. Alice Merrill Horne and Christine Smoot Taylor members cf the National Council Peace Committee and Chairmen of the State Peace Demonstration of Utah. Cart-wrigh- TO BE READ AND VOTED AT MEETINGS IN THE UNITED STATES ON MAY 15, I902, IN SYMPATHY WITH THE OF WOMEN IN BEUNIVERSAL DEMONSTRATION HALF OF PEACE AND ARBITRATION. ' ' Resolved, That American women assemble on May 15, 1902, for the purpose of considering the fruits of war and the fruits of peace, and hold a demonstration in; behalf of peace and arbitration. They commit themselves to adopting as their , own that ideal of loving brotherhood which can be realized only by the cessation of international hostilities. They repudiate war as a means of settling international difficulties, as they repudiate the duel as a means of settling personal animosities. They accept as a .corollary of the universal fatherhood of God the universal brother- hood of man. They send greeting to women of other countries who this day may be assembled to attest similar convictions. They rejoice that women throughout the world are beginning to feel their responsibility for human conditions outside of the home as well as within its sacred walls. They ask all women everywhere to adopt as their own the task assumed by the International Council of Women, which is "the application of the Golden Rule to society, custom and law. " INSTRUCTIONS ON PEACE DEMONSTRATION MEETINGS. GENERAL The General Committee appointed to take charge of the Peace meetings to be held continuously on May 15, 1902, feel it a duty to outline a plan for the ladies. 