WOMAN'S ioo Woman's Exponent. EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivS ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. semi-monthl- y, .. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonparie cpace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple Street: Businebs hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, dis-ou- nt Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at the Post s matter. Office in Salt Lake City, Ltah, a econd-clas- Salt Lake City, Utah, May, 1902. RELIEF SOCIETY PAMPHLET. The Pamphlet published by the General Officers of the Relief Society is now ready. It is desirable to have it in the hands of President of the Relief Society It contains throughout the organization. instructions from the General Presidency of the Relief Society that are essential to the progress of the work in every branch. It has the minutes of the first organization at Nauvoo, Illinois, and other important matter and a Biographical Sketch of President Bathsheba W. Smith. For sale at this office, price 25 cents. every LETTER. Glen Echo, Md., April 16, 1902. Mrs. E. B. Wells: My Dear Mrs. Wells: Your package of beautiful photographs is here. I have never seen finer. If Salt Lake is as beautiful as that, it is sufficient to make every: one want to go and I am living in the hope that one day I will. You have probably seen that I am to go to Russia, sailing the first day of May, hoping not to begone over six weeks. I remember every day the beautiful visit we had in Washington and cannot feel that that is the last of it. Please give great love to all the sisters and relatives there in Salt Lake and waft one of the kindliest breezes of love over to Susa Gates. .You will naturally infer that I am doing everything hastily in these days with so much immediately before me, and I must even sign this letter in haste and love, Yours, Clara Barton, WORKING FOR PEACE .: ! Groups of devoted, patriotic women all over the world are trying to create a sentiment in favor of peace and the settlement of difficulties by arbitration. One of the potent means employed is arranging for meetings large and small in all the cities, towns and hamlets where it is possible to bring the citizens together. No distinction is made in favor of any one class, sect or denomination in the interests of universal We hear it said frequently, "How peace. absurd to be working for peace when war is. in active operation." We, say all the more need to try and bring about better conditions. EXPONENT. In an appeal "To the Women of all Nations" by the women of France, issued by the Princess Wisznewska she says: "Let women enter this Path of Peace and draw with them future generations. It is surely in their power to do so, for they are the first teachers of the young whose ideas they inspire, and often they with men. are They can and to inculcate their teachings by they ought and by the persuasive accents of pity, goodness and tenderness in the young minds which have been entrusted to them. It is thus that in all social surroundings they will be able to contribute powerfully to transform the warlike spirit and mould the Spirit of Peace. "These mothers loving really their children, these patriotic women truly attached to their country, have undertaken the task of enobling the human race, of elevating the National spirit by means of an education really worthy of mankind. Guided of Central Council the Alliance the by they exchange from country to country acts of friendship, treaties of Peace whose importance will be recognized in the future.for hand clasped in hand, mothers, sisters and wives in France, England, Germany, Russia, Poland, Norway, Sweden, America and Spain, etc., etc., invoke, irrespective of political tendencies, the right of man to Life, Happiness and Liberty. These noble women give the example of the most glorious, the holiest of alliances, that which is not sealed for conquest by destruction and by brutal force, but which is formed to conquer by the power of Love and of Peace." Women have, as it were, caught a glimpse of the dream of universal fraternity. Hon Charles Sumner, the great statesman and one of the first and strongest champions of woman's emancipation and enfranchisement, in an eloquent address delivered on Boston Common, July 4, 1845, urged upon the American nation its duty to take the lead in a movement for universal peace. This year is the third time a call has been sent out from headquarters to the women of all lands to make public demThese gatherings of women onstrations. cannot fail to have an effect upon public, opinion whatever may be said to the contrary. Songs, hymns, invocations, addresses on this subject are sure to produce favorable results. The rescript of the Czar of Russia three years ago opened with these words: "The maintenance of general peace and the possible reduction of excessive armaments present themselves as ideals toward which the endeavors of all governments should be directed." Rev. Charles G. Ames D. D., in an address delivered in Boston said: "Shall we go on sowing dragon's teeth forever? There is a more excellent way. We are to change the animus and objects of by bringing all the nations into an alliance. We are to consult together, not merely how one combination can out wit or overpower another, not merely how to shape our policies according to the promptings of suspicions, jealousies, old grudges, traditional hatreds, dynastic and territorial guides, but to contrive how we may open the highway of prosperity to all mankind." "The difficulties in the way of general pacification are great, but as has been well said, 'more difficulties are in the way of The forces at work for peace The clearest are many and mightj. voices heard just now throughout the civilized world are protests against war." The speaker referred to enumerated the measures to be considered: Treaties of arbitration or the set1. tlement of disputes by that method even in the absence of treaties. Such settlements already count by scores. 2. Treaties of reciprocity in trade. The rivalries of honorable commerce are all in the interest of good neighborhood; and the time will come I believe it will come soon when the barriers to international intercourse will be counted as relics of barbarism. I 3. Neutralization of the open seas. heard George Hale tell how for eighty years an argument written on one sheet of paper had kept both England and the United States from anchoring vessels of war on our great inland lakes, and had made it needless to plant fortifications on their shores. Why may not this policy be induced to the breadth of the Atlantic and Pacific seas which are fast becoming like inland lakes? 4. Provisions for international coinage, or more probably for a monetary unit, to the immeasurable convenience of a thousand millions, and acceptable to everybody but the money changers, are among the possible concessions which local narrowness, pettiness and precedent may yet make to the growing spirit of goodwill and good understanding. 5. But crowning and completing the edifice of justice and peace must come that Permanent Tribunal for the settlement of international difficulties of which we are hearing so much and are yet to hear more." There are forces at work that are helping to move the world of mankind towards peace and universal brotherhood. Light has come into the world and it will increase. Some day the civilized nations will call a greater Conference in its interest than has ever been yet, and the customs of war and the implements of destruction will be abolished. The Latter-daSaints above all people should be on the side of peace. They do not believe in the shedding of blood and our Church difficulties are settled by arbitration. The High Council in every Stake of Zion exists for this purpose, and to avoid lawsuits has always been the policy of our people. Therefore as a people we stand for peace, yet when our country calls for men to go out and defend it our men are ready to serve and as patriotic and heroic as any citizens of the United States. If the introduction of peace flags, peace symbols and peace literature can effect a change and convert the youth of the age to a higher ideal of life and its pursuits than the paraphernalia and characteristics of war then positive results may be expected from the organizations of women; and the public demonstrations now inaugurated if kept up annually will keep the thought of peace in the minds of the people. Even the pecuniary losses through wars to the nations is insignificent compared with the Death Roll and the license given to all man's fiercer passions, and the demoralization and degeneracy of peoples, and incurable diseases fastened upon men and women. The Psalmist David said in days of old, "I will hear what the Lord will speak, for its failure.' y 