Woman Exponent 9 The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Nation Vol. 30 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL, 1902 CONTENTS. THE AGE WE LIVE IN. The Age We Live In E. B. W. 89 Ladies' Meeting A Wardrop 90 Dr. Thomas Dunn English Dead 90 March 17th Celebrations 91 Compliment to Governor Wells. Clara Barton 92 Anniversaries, 92 Notice to all Interested in Silk Culture Margaret A. Caine 93 Sixth Ward Celebration. Elizabeth W. Condie 95 R. S. Reports 95 96 Program for U. S. D. R. 1902 1903 Tooele Celebration Lillian Gillespie c6 A Pleasant Time Catharine Naisbitt 90 Read by the writer at the Thursday evening session of the Fourth Triennial of the National Council of Women of the United States, February 20, 1902, in Washington D. C, held at Carroll Institute.! No. 12 ation; and what would be said of that day in comparison with the glowing possibilities and larger opportunities of this newer century. Again much that has been done long ago was by individual effort, or through In taking a retrospective view of the the agency or genius of one or more great nineteenth century, (of which we older men, leaders of thought and enterprise; in people have some real knowledge), its stirour day there is combined force and concert ring events, its victories and triumphs in of action of men of wisdom, of intelligence many directions and its advancement along and of courage that never falters, and by many lines leading to higher thought and organized bodies of able and competent better living, and summing up the facts and men to bring about all that is accomplished Editorial Hull House, Chicago 92 figures, one who observes carefully cannot of great significance. Selected 89 Poetry April's Afield it contains an unmistakable In this age we have organization, cooperOur Harvest Years Selected 89 help feeling of the future development of the ation, union Relief Society Sextennia!. Ellis R. Shipp 91 prophecy of labor and of skill such as race of mankind. never was known before among any people Referring back to the days of Joel, the or race of men throughout the long lines APRIL'S AFIELDprophet, who foresaw these later times in of our ancestry from the days of Father which we live, we read, "Your old men Adam down to the year of our Lord 1902, April's afield, April's in the air shall dream dreams, and your young men and strides are Almost you may see each hour rapid being made onward shall see visions." And they are not only towaids Willows that at dawn were bare, in perfection many things and Meadows that were brown, dreaming and seeing visions, but the realand this is but the beginning,' many ways, On which the lengthening mellow day has burned, ization of all and more than has been foreof of as it the marvelous works were, days Creep into green before the sun goes down, told. and wonders. And some black bough while mortal backs were Indeed mankind is fast approaching a It would be impossible to enumerate all turned, time when still greater events will transpire the inew devices and discoveries in science Swift stolen into flower. than have ever been known since the earth man has wrought out that tend to better April's afield, April's in the air was formed and man given dominion theresurroundings and easier cenditions ?nd cirFleeting over Earth's slow dust, civilfor in of the this the in; age product cumstances for the masses of the people; Leaving us behind here, where ization of all the ages, and of the splenPass and repass the years. and to lighten the labor of woman in the Soulless as Echo, .she can never know did achievements and accumulated knowland elsewhere, thus increasing household Our kisses that she hastens, nor our tears. edge of all the centuries is with the people the possibilities for higher education and Not for us watchers do her blossoms blow; of the world. culture and making life more pleasant and Their day is come they must. All the attainments that have ever been desirable, not only to the rich and well to April's afield, April's in the air reached bv the greatest scientists, discoverdo, but to the working people, who are the arti-zanHeavy Winter turns his feet artists and and sinew of the world of mankind bone ers, inventors, explorers, Northward with his load of care; and their labors in the various fields and whose well being must be considered And on April's wings of knowledge and of industries, down in every great question that agitates the Unreasoning our human hearts upsoar, As hearts have done since they were human an of existence have the world. time, ages through things, effect and left their have and When one considers the growth of true still, impress As human hearts shall do for ever more be can never world that the wholly knowledge gained through a few recent upon When ours forget to beat. out. blotted effaced or Selected. years, as compared with the same period of it have not all, time farther back, one cannot help estimat-- " History may preserved of record be no what there may tangible ing and calculating what the generations OUR HARVEST YEARS. we but sometime shall has been gained, yet to come will be able to bring about been has with the superior advantages and manifold know that nothing When russet apples turn each bronzed cheek irretrievably To catch a final beauty from the sun; lost. opportunities that these changed conditions When the first frost with pencil fine and true Men talk of the lost arts of the medieval will render possible. The tinting of the leaves has just begun; Woman as well as man is taking part in but really that which is considered times, Then nature still can turn one fairer page, so, much of it, still exists in some form or the great drama of the ages, and is making It is the mellow year's s a eet middle age. way, in the realm of space, seen or unseen; her influence felt along many lines of proWhen the bright world hangs out a tender haze and that which is passed away is more gress in various directions, and in many To veil her scarlet colors grown so bold; than compensated for in the munificent matters pertaining to the present and the When in full fruitage droops the ripened corn future, the earth and the heavens. And nature's green is turned to red and gold; present. One of the tremendous forces more recentThen do we feel that in loved nature's shrine Who would not rather live today than Four season's wondrous blessings doth combine. of some which old of times" in the "good ly brought into active exercise, which had ? is heretofore lain partially dormant, is this which This the so us talk day glibly To all the riches of the summer, spring, of woman and her cooperation foresaw of all the men the greatest ages The hazel copse now adds a store of wealth; in anticithe world's great work. to man with with forward The nests are empty, but the birdlings gay, and looked joyful Now sing their own sweet songs by stealth; comes for and She upon the stage of the pation, and which they "longed From gen'rous laden trees the brown nuts fall, " of the world's history at the drama never found wished for and sought but great For earth her treasure now doth yield to all. In a thousand ways the people of this most opportune time, when there is need of are those best, in human our lives, years Thus, age have the advantage of those who her intuition and genuine service, and she Those harvest years with love and children blest has come to stay until all is accomplished lived in more primitive times, notwithWe see our nestlings mate in their glad spring. standing all that is told of the greatness of that now lies hidden from view in the And know their love is not so grand a thing As it will be when autumn's glory sheds buried cities, now being unearthed, and the womb of the unborn years The rapture of all seasons on their heads. To be sure we might say woman has wonderful art of the preservation of mumSelected. mies known to the ancients. Not even acted wisely her part heretofore, and whatever has been undertaken by man in the the vastness and permanency of the Egyppast in one way or another has been Miss Wright, daughter of the Mayor of tian Pyramids could convince the nineby woman, and she has done Denver, has been invited to christen the teenth century man that people then were supplemented well which seemed most essential work in the more advanced or the new Battleship "Denver," which is to be more enlightened or to build the arts, and sciences than up help the family life, to rear present gener launched in April, Semi-Monthl- y 1842-19- 02 - ! ! ! s, 