WOMAN'S 66 SALT LAKE STAKE. Relief Society conference of December 21, 1901, opened in the 14th Ward Hall, with President M. I. Horne presiding. Singing, "O, give me back m' prophet dear." Prajrer by Sister E. J. Stevenson. Continued by singing. "Weep, weep not for me Zion." Minutes of morning session of previous conference read and accepted. President Horne felt we wrere more indifferent in attending our conferences in the city than elsewhere. Are we preparing for the Savior? Thought He could say if He should come today, "Shall I find faith in the earth?" Branches all reported except five. Sister Annie T. Hyde's resignation was read and accepted and she was given a vote of thanks. A report of the work in the Temple was read. The names of the officers of the General Board were read and sustained. The Stake officers were sustained as follows: M. I. Horne, president; Sarah J. Cannon, first counselor Clara C. Cannon, second counselor; J. S. Woolley, secretary; Maggie C. Hull, treasurer; Maria W. Wilcox, corresponding secretary; Julia C. Howe, All presidents of Lydia D. Alder, aids. branches in the Salt Lake Stake were sustained. President Horne spoke upon the duties of the Relief Society members. Keep from evil thoughts or actions, pay tithing and attend our meetings. President B. W. Smith felt we should look after the poor and make their hearts Let us rejoice during the cold weather. be united. Felt she had a great responsibility, wished to do all she did prayerfully Felt pleased with and honorably. her counselors and all officers. "It is our duty to keep the Temple clean and it must be attended to." Sister Annie T. Hyde felt Relief Society work is a sacred responsibility on every officer and member. Felt the teachers should help take care of their respective blocks. Spoke of the birthday of President Joseph Smith and his true friendship for women, that she had enjoyed her work, in the Stake and felt she had a great reSaid sponsibility in her new position. donate the people usually liberally at we and must distribute Christmas time, Was pleased the liberally to them. Prophet Joseph Smith's birthday was to be celebrated. Believed it should be, that he was a great gift from God Spoke of the trials and experiences of President Felt Joseph F. Smith in the early days. we do not appreciate our blessings Let us speak of all the best we can. Meeting adjourned until 2 p. m. Singing, Doxology. Benediction, C. C. Cannon. Afternoon session of conference called to order at 2 o'clock by President M, I. Horne. Singing, "We thank Thee, O for a God, prophet." Prayer by Maria W. Wilcox. Singing, "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah." Minutes of afternoon session of last conference read and accepted. President M. I. Horne felt that there is nothing greater or grander to read about than the life's experience of President Joseph Smith, and the difficulties he had to encounter in doing the work he had to accomplish. President B. W. Smith said she was very young when she became acquainted with the Prophet Joseph; that she had a . i EXPONENT. IN MEMORIAM. strong testimony of his mission before she every saw him and was always anxious to hear him speak, he was always full of inShe was often struction and revelation. in his society and was well acquainted with him. Her husband w7as one of the Twelve. She was at the organization of the Relief Society when Joseph Smith often visited He and gave instruction to its members. wrill and die live and "I said, amongst you, you won't know7 me." Said his wife, Emma, was much beloved. Amellie W. Wardrop was chosen and sustained as secretary of our Saturday meetings. Sister M. W. Wilcox was acquainted with the Prophet Joseph in Nauvoo, had often heard him speak. Remembered the death of of his and viewing his renight mains in the mansion house. Felt it a great privilege to have known him. Sister Lambert said she had a testimony of the Gospel the moment she saw the Prophet. There was a power in him she nevei knew in another. Thought the harmony and order there is among the people should be a testimony to the world; The night of his death was one of sorrow. There was no sleep in our house, it seemed all nature was awake, the cattle even could not rest President Bassett said she remembered seeing him. Counselor Sarah J. Cannon said she remembered how even the little children wept at his death. The congregation sang, "The Spirit of God." President Horne said she had often entertained the Prophet Joseph Smith. He often spoke of the mistranslations of the Bible and gave much instruction upon the domestic phase of life, said he was jovial and pleasant to all. She also spoke of the noble parentage of our present President, Joseph F. Smith. President Angus M. Cannon was first acquainted with President M. I. Horne in 1844. Said he had heard Joseph Smith bear a testimony of God. "He has brought us a knowledge of the truth. The man or woman is rich who has faith in the Lord." Spoke of the mission of our Savior, of His prayer in Gethsemane to let the bitter cup pass, but He at last submitted and said, "Let thy will, not mine, be done." Let us remember the mercies and blessings of God. Brother Jos. E. Taylor was the next He said when he was a young speaker. man and his mind was depressed and darkened he would speak of the mission of Joseph Smith, and these feelings departed Was glad his and his mind was lit up. birth was to be celebrated. Nothing could be said of him that was too good. He crossed the river at Nauvoo and healed Spoke of the every man he touched. of Smith. Hyrum Everyrighteousness thing that we require to take us into our Eternal Father's presence Joseph Smith held the keys to. Sister Sarah J. Cannon was then set apart by Presidents Angus M. Cannon and Jos. E. Taylor; Julia S. Woolley set apart as secretary of Stake; Amelia W. Wardrop as secretary of Saturday meetings. President Horne wished all a merry Christmas and a happy and prosperous New Year. Meeting adjourned for three months. n Singing, "The God we adore." by President A. M. Cannon. Bene-dfctio- J. S. Woolley, Sec. OF RESPECT. RESOLUTIONS Resolutions of respect to the memory of ister Louisa C. L. Olsen, who was bora at Folingbo, She was baptized Sweden, September 21, 1820. into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, February 3, 1861. Emigrated to Utah Married Martin Olsen, October March 31, 1864. y 10, 1866. Sister Olsen died at Goshen, Utah, July 31, She was a faithful teacher and member of the Goshen Relief Society for many years and she may well be called a Saint in very deed. Whereas our Heavenly Father has seen fit to call from our midst our beloved sister and coworker, therefore be it 1901. Resolved, that the members of the Goshen Relief Society emulate her virtues, honesty, integrity, humility and kindness, also her great devo- tion to her religion. Be it also Resolved, that we tender our sympathy to her husband's family, for they will miss her kind and tender care now she has departed. Be it Resolved, that we spread a copy of the resolutions on our record, give one ;o the bereaved familj and send one to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Emma Pettis, Sec, MARY ANN HYDE. We are again called to part with another faithful sister, who departed this life, December 1, 1901. Sister Mary Ann Hyde, wife of Rosel Hyde, was born December 31, 1820. She was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daShe made her home with the Saints in 1834. Prophet Joseph Smith until she married Brother Hyde on December 12, 1S32, in Payson, 111. When the Relief Society was organized in Kaysville. May 16, 1868, she was chosen first counselor to Sister Ann Smith. In 1872 Sister Smith died and Sister Hyde was appointed to take her place. She was always at her meetings on time. She was always kind to her sisters and was a peacemaker among all whom she was acquainted. In July, 1882, .Sister Hyde resigned the office of president, but still retained a membership until y her death. She raised a family of five sons and four She lived the life of a Saint in every daughters. respect and set a good example to her children. One son is president over Pocatello Stake in Idaho, and one son is a Bishop in Star Vi llev, Wyoming. She was in good standing in the Church. She has gone to receive her reward with the true and faithful. She would rather suffer a wrong than do one. She died as she lived, in peace with all who knew her. Her memory will long be cherished by many who knew her. It can truly be said of Sister Hyde. "Well done . thou good and faithful servant, rest in peace until the resurrection shall restore all things." Sarah HENRIETTA B. Layton HOLLADAY. In the midst of life we have death. Thus again our generous Father has seen fit to call home another of our g sisters. Sister Henrietta Holladay was born in Lorain County, Ohio, September 26, 1833. Her parents were Benjamin F. and Ann Mennels Taylor. At eight years of age she was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Da- y In Saints. 1850 she with her parents crossed the plains in Capt. Wall's company, arriving in Utah in the fall of that year. In 185 1 she went with her parents on a mission to Southern California. In 1852 She was married to David H. Holladay and moved back to Utah. In 1857, the following year, she moved to Santaquin, where she resided until her death, which occured September 27, 1 901. Thus was ended the career of one who was all that is worthy of a model of nobleness hard-workin- RESOLUTIONS g, never-waverin- OF RESPECT. Whereas, our Heavenly Father has seen fit to call from our midst our sister, Henrietta Holladay, who was treasurer of the Relief Society of Santaquin when first organized, and a faithful worker, and one who always had a kind, cheering word for all, therefore, be it Resolved, that we, the members of the Santaquin Relief Society, do hereby express our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved family. Santaquin, Nov. Alice Ellsworth. 5, 1901. 