Woman's Exponent The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY Vol. 31 CONTENTS. Notes and News. Home Home Ladies' Both Parents Needed MAKE MY HEART BRAVE Mrs. Semi-Month- L. D. S. ly Meeting. ..A. VVardrop Ladies Department Mary A. Perkins Reception and Banquet L L. Greene Richards In Memoriam R. S. Report 9 9 10 10 n 14 15 16 & 1 12 12 13 13 Make my heart brave. O Lord My arm is weak, but strong enough withal To do my duty whatsoe'er thy call; But, oh, my arm doth hesitate and fall, Knowing the the weakness of my fainting heart. Make my heart brave, O Lord I had so dreamed of doing nobler deeds; But I must minister to lesser needs; Only Thou knowest how ambition pleads Make my heart brave to do the little things. Make my heart brave, O Lord Is this the path that I have chosen long ? How fair that other road The thought breeds wrong, Help me to lift my burden with a song; Make my heart brave to walk the unchosen ways. ! ! ! ! g 11 11 Make my heart brave, O Lord ' Brave for the loss of faces dearer grown; Brave for the battle that is mine alone; The glory unachieved I thought mine own, Make not my burden less; make my heart brave LET THERE BE PEACE You question, what can woman do To spread the day of peace ? Can she demand disarmament. Or bid a world cease That which for ages it maintained, 3- -4 NOTES AND NEWS. I ! Editorial Work Birthday Party Editorial Notes Three Quarters of a Century Ruth M. Fox Poetry Let There be Peace Annie Pike Make My Heart Brave Commissioned Susan Coolidge Editorial Nos. 15, 1902 ! Annie Pike. A dire necessity, Mrs. Elizabeth Stuart Phelps Ward is credited with the authorship of "The Confessions of a Wife," the anonymous story now appearing in the Century Magazine. Mrs. William Tod Helmuth, president of the National Council of Women, has gone abroad for the summer and possibly part of the winter. She expects to be present at the meeting of the International Council at Copenhagen. Lady Henry Somerset expects to sail for Unable to New York on September 26. remain long in this country she has pledged herself to few engagements beyond the National Convention of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union at Portland, Me. She will visit Montreal, Washington and Boston, in each of which cities she will deliver an address. She will be accompanied by Miss Cameron, To secure the rights of nations And obtain equity ? Oh, what shall woman do indeed, Shall she stand helpless by With hands and aching heart While her offspring bleed and die ? Shall she waste time in tears and sighs For the "golden age" of man, And not so much as lift her hand To consummate the plan. Which God decreed in Ilis high heaven, And prophets long foretold; Should crown the earth in latter days And all mankind enfold? tight-claspe- d what cannot a woman do, When once she knows the right With heart and hand and lifted voice. She'll demonstrate her might In love and courage, wisdom, too. As time her powers increase, For this is truly woman's age And woman's age brings peace. m vktf O, ! .B What can a woman do, you ask. With a baby at her knee ? O, blessed boon, for therein lies Thine opportunity; Seize it, and teach thy children all To live the Golden Rule, That Jesus lives, the Prince of Peace, That earth is His footstool, Whereon lie will not rest His feet, While marred with strife and blood; That all must work, both great and small For universal good. Then He will come, O glor'ous day, And war will be no more; But peace and love and brotherhood Abound from shore to shore. Fling out your banners to the breeze, Yellow, purple and white; Let all mankind take up the theme, God said, "Let there be light," And so say we. Let there be peace. For light and peace are one; Then earth will be a paradise, Her glory like the sun. ft Anna Grant Rhoda Miller Sybella Clayton Annie Hansen M. HAS RETURNED Mrs. Amelia F. Young returned recently from the East where she has been visiting-relativeand friends in Washington, Baltimore, Chicago, Minneapolis and Decorah. We will publish some account of' her visit in our August number. Helen Whitney ers, educators and artists of that city and FROM CHICAGO AFTER A MONTH'S ABSENCE. Fox. Ellen Peterson The students in this picture are representative, in a certain sense, of the girls in other Church schools, throughout the several Stakes of Zion, and are devoted to the highest educational work, that will fit and prepare them to take the places and positions in public life as educators, etc., or in piivate life as mothers, teachers of the young, Much housewives, and in fact fill all the requirements of full and complete womanhood. more is expected of the daughters of Zion than of the women outside in the world; and consequently the teachers as well as the parents have greater responsibility resting upon This matter is taken into consideration when selecting the teachers in these eduthem. The young girls in these Church schools, colleges and universities, cational institutions. are, generally speaking, of that highly moral and religious type that is only found in communities where righteousness prevails and the best principles are carefully taught and mutual helpfulness maintained, and where the saying of our Savior is most carefully observed, viz., "To do unto others as we would have them do unto us." . Ruth i v MRS. HORNE HOME. May, 1902. mi Hon. Alice Merrill Home has just returned from Chicago where she has been staying for a month past, the guest of Miss Josephine C. Locke, former superyisor of drawing in the Chicago public schools. Mrs. Home visited the public schools there and brought home a variety of drawing for comparison with our local school work. She met a number of the leading teach- - attended noted lectures at the University of Chicago, and the Chicago institute of Art. Instructions were sent by the present officers of the Relief Society to Mrs. Home to meet with the Relief Society members of President Asahel the Chicago branch. Woodruff accordingly called a meeting which convened on July 9. at the L. D. S. house of worship on Oakley Avenue. There was a good attendance. The following officers were set apart by President Woodruff: Caroline Dennison, president; 