always change and the morrow, who can tell? Even so with this sweet girl. The garden of her home, her early playground The was destined soon to annihilation. beautiful trees, the graceful bushes the waving corn all vanished, to make place for "great brick buildings perfectly expressionless business blocks where never a familiar i thing recalls the graceful garden or the happy home. Letting herself out the garden gate Bertha sauntered along the street noting nothing, simply breathing the fresh air and enjoying to the utmost every minute of the day. v At last she reached the foothills and old graveyard whereatall i there lay the white marble slab marked the resting place of a sweet,' sweet sister. ' "My sister, my sweet sister, if a sweeter name there were t.it should be thine, ' ' quoted ' Bertha, as she seated herself beside the little mound.; She often visited here, for. she loved and cherished all the sweet associations of her eaily life and as she. thought of that lovely girl, of how they had romped ;and played together, of how they had laughed and vept,: shared each others': joys and sorrows, knelt for years together in prayer, conned the same books, practised the same lessons, the; i tears came to her eyes and a longing to her heart to whisper now the story of her love, for she knew what sympathy and outpour-- : And i.ing of love that sister had for her. . who can tell but that the whisperings of ; her spirit were heard in that other world,' at any rate, her silent prayer gave her great comfort, and a gentle calmness came upon her and made her very happy as she proceeded on her walk to the hills beyond. ; Often before had she enjoyed the walks in the canyon and among the hills, but usually in company with some gay companions gathering wild flowers or autumn leaves, i and; now almost from habit she gathered the flowers as she saw., them, but dropped them just as soon, so her path was marked with lovely flowers; on she walked, now climbing the rugged rocks, again threading her way among the maple and oak brush, tripping occasionally in the tangled grasses and catching her clothes in .the thorns of : the wild rose bush.' Like Marguerite "she counted the petals of the daisy,, repeating :"He loves me, he loves me not," and like va mountain naiad she seemed when she ; wove herself a wreath iof; wild roses and fancied she was once again the May queen With her long, glossy hair let down over v her shoulders that she might see the reflec-- j tion of herself and better recall the school days and the happy games of that yesterday. She fairly laughed with the thought of the game! of Copenhagen wt en that dashing, dark-eye- d boy: chased alter her in and out and under the knotted rope for the prize of The pink suffused her cheeks f one kiss. even now as she recalled the thrill she felt : as his hand touched hers, clutched so tightly on the ropei Poor boy, he too was gone, I the ocean furnished him a grave, arid silently, they who loved him suffered on, scarcely ; realizing hut that some day he would return, f With a flood of tender memories, she un- tossed a pebble in the stream, consciously and as the circles rose one after the other. ' then broadened and broke into th rushing water, so the rich recollections rushed through her mind, making her oblivious to all outward sounds, when suddenly she was startled by the gruff. but pleasant voice of a teamster, hauling timber from the mountains, as he. hailed her with the commonplace courtesy of the canyon road: "Have a ride, miss." -- . i . . : : ; . ; ( . . '. . ; ? . . . : . EXPONENT . WOMAN'S 42 idleness, Bertha hurried her Sitting on a rocky throne, with her picturesque towards home, for she feared meeting crown of flowers she looked like a Druid steps or friend some acquaintance and this lone, queen, and the suddeness of the invitation idle was not to beinterrupted with any day to ride startled her so that she seemed for social talk. Quietly she entered a moment quite bewildered and scarcely ordinary realized herself the situation, uutill the man the house and immediately sought her room; locking herself in she indulged in 'a short exclaimed: on her bed, for the long walk had tired "By George, it's a pity for so young and rest somewhat. After a brief rest, Bertha her pretty a girl as you to be daft." d kitchen and the the and accepted again sought She lightly laughed at this to whom she cook allow persuaded It just the situation and the ride as well. suited her mood to climb to the top of the her to eat in the pantry and not; jell the had returned until she was again great logs so tightly chained together and famil) inshe ' : '' own room. ' her It was safely ride down the rough canon road. to' see am you, glad; "Laws, miss, but I a rude, jolting way she knew, for not this to whatever notion's a with before got, once you've tried it had she or see even ma, man, driver your young and your the friend school girl sang ' ' them funny songs and told them funny who'll sure be here pretty soon." "Well, never mind, Polly, they all know stories. Bertha enjoyed it then, but she all right, and mamma promised me I'm and her rather hoped this driver wouldn't the mind her day all alone and I'm going to have it, wish was gratified, for thinking so let anybody disturb me tonight." don't he was affected, he was most careful how "All right, miss; but I do think, we'll all addressed her: and seemed satisfied simply be bepretty glad when your holiday, .as you to ask a few questions as to where she ;' :'''' call it, is over." longed and who she was, and Bertha perroom Bertha spent the Again in her ceiving his mind concerning her, without ribbons and little unnot did early sorting to still. evening frighten him, wishing deceive him, but allowed herself to wander trinkets, she intended giving to a neighbor's into fairyland again, and midst songs and ' little girl. With loving touch she brought laughter asked him, "Had he met the fair- forth her last doll,forsuch a beauty, Jhen laid o some other little ies in the hills, and did he see the queen it carefully away ;1 after in knows years. with her magic wand ?" The day had been ideal" 'and now the "Well, no miss," he answered, "but sure farther down the road I met a fairy, moon was just rising and its . faint: silver Bertha and you're it." light threw shadows in her room;--:At which she laughed so gaily that he leaned out of her window still, dreaming, of jby felt more satisfied than ever of her insanity and thinking "This is the last-leaand in order to keep her quiet, began to girl-lif- e book, can I look into the future tell of the beautiful mountain where the' and see what awaits me there ?". , e Her heart was lifted up' with the intense spring logs were hewn, of the cold and its tiny fall that is the beginning of the pleasure of her holiday, for she had indeed r canyon stream, where clinging to the rocks enjoyed to the uttermost every moment, along its banks are clusters of graceful had realized the poet's thought; ;;, 1 ', ,; ferns and mosses, green and soft and rich "There is a pleasure in the pathless woods, ., as velvet, and now and then long slender A comfort on the lonely shore, '," '.'.; . .. leaves holding sprays of little white lilies Society where none intrude ' by the deep sea. And music in its roar, ; . are found at the foot of the towering pines, I love not man the less, but nature 'more.'".'. then high in the mountains, are the large white and purple columbines. Sweet girlhood, what a' day that must And in after years 'mid life's "Oh, I know," she interrupted, "I found have been some once when a jolly cro wd of us were stern realities how often' would the sweet picnicking near the upper mill; they are jnst memory of that day be wafted to her .soul lovely.," by the delicate perfume of a flower, or tie "Say, miss," said the teamster, "are you tender note of some bird song, To a soul, crazy or just prertndin' ?" where sentiment lies deep, nature and retroAt this question Bertha laughed so heartspect always bring sweet thoughts of" ily that he was more mystified than ever, "The tender grace of a day that is gone. but she presently assured him of her Annie Wells Cannon;' sanity and allayed his fears and fake impressions by telling him that she was just a romantic girl taking a walk in the canon NOTES AND NES. ; :'vf: and indulging herself in fancies and idleMrs. Anna Connor is county ; treasurer pf ness "just for fun, you know." l. .'.',.". tV;-'After this explanation she jumped down Shoshone Co.; Idaho. from the wagon, for by this time the Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt was giver a mouth of the canon had been reached, and reception during her recent visit to Denver thanking him for the "lift" began to pin up by Mr. and Mrsr W. T. Cornwall, on the her glossy hair, remove her flowers and roof garden of the Cornwall: flat About assume a young lady air once more. guests were present, and at the close of "Well I'll be jiggered," said the driver, 250 Mrs. Catt's address more than ' fifty 'hew if you aint a fairy, you're sure a picter. But don't get too romantic or some one 'ill be members joined the Suffrage Association. running away with you for certain." It is a noteworthy fact that, the Illinois "Good bye," laughed Bertha. "Thanks State Federation of. Women's Clubs, at jits again, I've enjoyed the ride so much." recent meeting endorsed with enthusiasm 'Twas dark when Bertha .reached the the bill to give women a vole broad . streets. .The great hills behind on all tax questions and for. all tax;offjcias. threw dark shadows across ; the canon road A committee of influential club women wjll and the red glow , of the setting sun still Work for the We, bepassage of thebill. lingered on the mountain's snowy peaks lieve this is the; first ; time-- : that a. State After one long loving glance up the jiarrow Federation of. Women's Clubs as a body, canon towards the old saw mill, with its has taken the effort to secure any;, form up great wooden wheel standing like herself in ' of suffrage beyond the school ballot, kind-hearte- 1 - . ; " 1 . girl--wh- ! i , f , , ice-lik- . J 1 : : ', r T - tax-payin- g . 