107 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. TO THE SISTERS. L. L. GREENE When the First Presidency all, Thus fully were sustained. To make the work complete, it seemed That something still remained. RICHARDS. You who are stationed at the outer ports Of Zion's bulwarks, laboring with your might, Should have some glimpses of hei inner courts, When Joseph in his majesty Stood up and spoke my name, And then the others following, And votes were cast the same; And her "First Lady" calls on me to write. It is so sweet and beautiful to hear Inspired souls their holy thoughts rehearse, That I will try to give you, sisters111 dear, verse. A few of our new President's That like the brethren, we were thus Empowered to preside; With gratitude and love, my soul Was more than satisfied. WORDS. SOME OF SISTER BATHSHEBA'S IN SUBSTANCE. And as a grateful, clinging child Her father would caress, I could have clung to Joseph then, n trustful tenderness. When our beloved Zina died, And we were headless left. Our General Board disorganized, I felt indeed bereft. 1 May all our Presidents of Stakes, And Bishops note this case, And seek to honor and uphold Each sister in her place. Her place may every sister know, And strive the same to fill With that specific grace which coircs From doing Father's will. felt, a younger woman then, Than we who long had stood. Should be appointed at the head, To bring the utmost good. I When the October Conference closed, With no appointments made, I could but feel our cause was thrown A little in the shade. As though our brethren, at the head, Had such great works on hand, that ours It seemed but small account Should still unsettled stand. May perfect unity extend, Our power for good increase, In works of charity and love, Humility and peace. Not crowding, but with helpful zeal, Each cheerfull be found ' Climbing the ladder," until all the topmost round. thall gain But one bright morn, I had a dream; I saw a ladder rise, In sections, one, two, three and more, Shcot upward towards the skies. n AC A t. Maruetha Atkinson. RED CROSS MEETS. The executive committee of the Red Cross met st the state department today, J There were present May 13. F. William YELLOW, PURPLE, WHITE. M. Wilson, Michael, Mrs. John A. Logan, Miss MaDei LIBERTY, UNITY, FRATERNITY PEACE Sarah Bowman, Mrs. Warner, Mrs. Clara COLORS DESIGNATED BY THE Clara Miss Spencer and Secretary Briggs COMMITTEE or toute en now is Barton the president Red St. Petersburg as a delegate to the Ac rWmstions for the peace meetings there. which are to be held on Thursday, May Cross convention After conferences pith. Secretary Hay is the following suggestions are ottered: and Root, a delegation went Flags may be used in every avanauic to theSecretary White House and conferred with with the result that the flags of any and all countries woicn President Roosevelt, was issued tonight by the following appeal can be had or can be made of simple In a particularly Vice President Wilson. mouriak at hand. the RED CROSS APPEAL. prominent place should hang one peace with made be any can by flag, which The National American Red Cross ap-to out much difficulty trcru sinipie niaicud. States emblematic oi n Deny, unity peals to the people of the United of the It is a aid in minnlies Yellow is next to the and fraternity. the centre suffers at Martinque and St. Vincent. The is flagstaff (which blue) purple in no words of . unparalleled calamity needs im. and tnen wniie aid and active the eloquence to arouse "Pro concordia labor," (we wort lor peace; we uiuuw.. also an olive svmpathy ot our people, may be placed upon the flag; auu swords act to sheathed vou promptly branch. Over the flag of and supplies can lc sent additional an symbol as Money be hung might or money may Flowers and the colors used in the ius Bliss of New' York City, Dece be sent direct to W. J. Matner me ireui'Jann- ,vrmld he suitable for decoration. rubb of peace would er of the American National Kea Any picture suggestive exAssociation, at Riggs bank, Washington. make appropriate decorations; as, for Perm's treaty All such contributions, whether in money of Wm. ross ample, the picture or supplies, intended for the Red with the Indians or me piiu should be so marked. 11- :Yorktown. Tohn M. Wtilson. The committee in charge of the various American National First wnat iiiey meetings will know best Red Cross. to decorate, at their disposal with which to - DiVWri iHrmsch. proprietor of the and this matter must be left largely suggesHerald, New York, called at the Christian their discretion, but the foregoing to furnish who are m war department today offering tions may be of service to those female, and male twenty doubt how to pioceed. fifty nurses, thirty stricken the for M. W. flour sears, Isabel and t.ooo barrels of Mary A. H. Cannon. islands and to be comnouieu uy Christian Herald. vice-presiden- The Spirit whispered as I gazed With some anxiety, "This represents your Woman s work, The Relief Society." Yes, Emn-- and Eliza, too, And Zina all have wrought; a And others now must follow on But who. and when ? I thought. Then stood the Prophet joseph there, Intently watching all; "Our work is "Oh, well," I thought, !" will not see it fall Yes, 'twas the Prophet Joseph Smith, So noble, grand and true; Just as he organized us first, In beautiful Nauvoo. laige congregation attended the services, which commenced at 10 a. m. , and the following program was rendered in a very creditable manner. Sot g, Sister Chloe Robison and comHistorical sketch of the Relief pany. from its first organization up to the Society present time, Sister Elizabeth Atkins. Sorg, Sister Alice Simmons and company. Song, Recitation, Sister Dora Robison. Sister Phcebe Richens and others. Pioneer Sketch, Sister Mary Robison, a pioneer. ReadSong, Brother and Sister Randall. Galbraith. Song, ing, Sister Annie Remarks by Brother O. G Arnold. Brother Thomas Atkins. The congregational singing was conducted by Brother John Blackburn and Brother David Robison officiated as chap-io,-exercises all par- At tbp 111. lli rlncp of- the tot k of an excellent dinner prepared by the sisters, after which the house was cleared and the children enjoyed themselves in a dance the remaining part of the afternoon. The day closed with a grand ball in the Lyman Hall in the evening. safe-- He tri-colo- The very clothing which he wore, As oft we saw him dressed.; His hat was off. a light gray coat, And very pale buff vest. or-.- d a-- To see him thus, so natural stand, With face and form to guide Such jovous reverence inspired, My soul was satisfied. I thought within myself, "No more I'll deem the brethren slow, But wait the Lord's own time and way, For He and Joseph know." ' "A younger sister' then stood near, well known face and Whose dear I noticed, thinking, she. perhaps, Will fill that vacant place. . (r-- Vice-Preside- nt I wakened with a pleasant thrift And heart so glad and light, That I could only feel assured All things would turn out ngnt. great day. November Tenth, that grand,called When all the Church was Presidents To vote that its new installed. be Might rightly of When Joseph F., the nephevv irst, The day. what .power Arose Forth from his presence burst seemed So much a kin" his spirit bore, uncle To that his the b irst The SaTnts might almost feel more. once midst Was in their 1? andWthaf LYMAN CELEBRATION. : nf the sixtieth anm of the Relief versaryofthe organization me r I Andlo a perfect unity shown-Fthe Church was Throughout thousand as one souls hundred known. Not oft such strength is r, our ! I j j nrietv m Nauvoo dv Ward was newly or- xu Smttn. fir(.t t an7.eA March 2, 1902, iu.Sw.u6 -v- and we are i,k,otmn in the new ward, success. A a was grand pleased to say it Umnrcce nf Tfl nan takes a great m- from terest in all that concerns the nation mc th- - rice crops upward and aownwaru. a talent for literhave to said is Empress Tt ature and to write beautiful poetry.... to music is huuB poem of hers set land. the schools all over A 