WOMAN'S EXPONENT. For the Exponent. "NOW ARE WE THE SONS OF GOD !" How grand are the thoughts that this secret in- spires, When sealed by the Spirit that comes from above; ' How humbly we ask that its fires, Maj burn up earth's dross with unquenchable love. Weak, sinful, forgetful, indifferent, dead, To the truths of life's being His wisdom supplies; Man turns from the light, from the sun overhead, To the caverns of darkness, tradition and lies ! passive, 'mid cobwebs of , yore, As woven by priests and polemical schools; Assuming, presuming, asserting far more, Than was ever revealed to Satanical tools Self-satisfie- . d, ! But a ray from the Infinite entered at last, That crevice unseen by the critics around; Like a plant of the tropics, that ray spread so fast, It illumined the age, as it flashed without sound. Superstition, tradition, old error amazed. Fought a desperate fight, for past prestige and power; Persecution and martyrdom told a world crazed, But the splendor of Truth waxed grander each hour. Today in old lands it is winning its way, For it conquers and saves as the Father decreed; All darkness must flee in that fast coming day, When the Gospel and kingdom shall triumph indeed. N. LOVE'S SONG. saw a youth and maiden Upon a pleasant day, Their hearts responsive beating To raptures of the May. Young buds with fragrance waited To great them on their way. Sweet birdies carol d gladness From every bush and spray. So happy were al they needs must sing; ' 'Oh welcome, oh welcome, lovely spring The earth is fresh and flowers gay. And love is love in joyous May." I I saw two happy beings ! , f And earthly trial is o'er; With crowns of glory resting Upon each peaceful brow, This holy anthem peeling (I hear it even now.) "Oh, love, thou love which e'er endureth The angels' song the theme immureth; Though life and time no more shall be, Thou lasteth through eternity." sunniness of Ella Wheeler Wilcox and her friend, Fannie Edgar Thomas, later distinguished for her Pan's letters on musical subjects, and Marshal P. Wilder told stories, and Bronson Howard stood around looking important, and Bijou Fernandez revelled in her sweet prettiness, ard there were a whole school of poets and a covey of singing birds beside. And Mrs. Croly, the simplest-mannereof all, moved about making everyone happy without officious-nesintroducing just the right people to each other, and adding the word-lin- k needed to make a true conversation. She was such a tiny woman, quite wrinkled, less from age than from focussing her eyes in her myopia, so that she read with her head strained low over book or letter; and her mail obligations every morning at breakfast used to make me quail f r her But she burrowed through it ail in her because no one could understand so readily as herself the needs of this correspondent and that, nor did she permit even her children to know which among the number received her charity or her counsel. Those days have passed with their pageants of great personages, the applause of women, the honor of her clubs, the quietness of her own home, the journalistic activities that gave her precedence The among all living writing women. friction of her life was stimulating to her; the disappointments and reverses must have crushed her in this her seventy-thiryear far more than in all that foreran it. Dear "Jennie June" has attained the great bourne, and posterity for she will live while women progress and remember to be grateful shall know her by her fmits. And if these blessed voyagers ever do come back to the terrene plane and who will say with certainty that they do not ? one of these days the women who love her of that united Sorosis daughterhood of which Mrs. Croly was the faithful mother, sitting in council together, may listen with their consciousness, rather than with their ears, to the memorial roll call and hear ber gentle answer, "Adsum," "Here." Ex. d s, . pur-blindnes- I saw two white robed angels shore. Upon that WThere earthly scenes had vanished far-of- of the women who were harkening to this secular Chrysostom because of his mellifluous speech while their consciences gave them warning; and beside him his youngest daughter, in memory the most beautiful woman I ever saw, (now Mrs Browne) stately in white satin, her intellectual face, glowing in pride of her father, classic in outline beneath her rippling light blown hair. There were the Kendals, too Mr. Kendal grave and very English; Mrs. Kendal portly and handtome. Moncure D. Conway was rearing his head with pride and saying, "I am a Virginian" it was all I caught, as I was being led away to the group of young girls basking in the Her sons and daughters were present to assist in doing honor to their aged and beloved mother and bore testimony of the true and faithful mother she had been. Miss Clara Cluff, our talented young musician, who lately returned from Germany, is a granddaughter of Sister Eggert fen. Others of the grand children who were present assisted in entertaining the guests with lovely songs and recitations. Sister Eggertsen came with her husband to Provo in an early day and passed through those privations and sufferings familiar to many who have had similar experiences. After a well spent life Brother Eggertsen passed away, about one year ago. Sister Eggertsen although having reached such an advanced age is not at all feeble, and surrounded as she is by children and grandchildren who love and reverence her, can still enjoy life and the blessings which she so well deserves. Of Sister Eggertsen it can truly be said "Her childre'n rise up and call her blessed." Bishop S. P. Eggertsen, her son, presided in his usual genial manner, and the assembled guests, numbering about seventy five, expressed themselves as having had one of the most enjoyable times of their lives. A Guest. AN INTERESTING LETTER. My Dear Sister: ! Whose lives were For scenes of summer beauty, Of wreaths and roses sweet. Bright autumn's golden harvest Of luscious fruits and grain, And winter's hoary whiteness All breathed the soft refrain: "Oh, love, thou gift to mortals given, Thou gift which flows from out of heaven, Each gentle word, each tender thought, By thy sweet spirit, love, is taught." made-complete- 75 ! L. Taylor. AN EVENING WITH MRS. CROLY. I was privileged to be the guest of herself and her daughters, Vida and Alice both now married, and Alice now living in England in their home which Mrs. Croly It was a street. owned in Forty-firs- t handsome home, and thither every Sunday evening the cream of literary, artistic and social New York would repair, crowding the rooms, giving of their best, meeting kindred souls in a manner that savored not the slightest of Bohemianism; for with that It spirit Mrs. Croly had nothing to do. a I certain stood, one Sunday was there the late about unit in an admiring group Col. Robert Ingersoll, while he soared a bit for us, teasing the most narrowr minded Thinking you would be pleased to hear of the progress of the Relief Society in the St. Joseph Stake, I will give you a sjnop-si- s of our last conference, which convened December 27, 1901 It was a very cold and windy day, notwithstandirg this we had a good attendance, some traveling fifteen miles There were present of the Priesthood, President Andrew Kimball, Counselor Wm. D. Johnson and Patriarch John Tay lor. President Elizabeth Laytou encouraged the sisters to be diligent and faithful to their duties. Spoke on silk culture, the Woman's Building and taking the Exponent. Local presidents reported their branches of the Relief Society in good condition, and striving to do all that was required of them. Stake presidency and aids visit some wards most every month. Statistical and financial reports were read by Stake Secretary Selena Phillips. We have 1,051 bushels of wheat on hand. We have disbursed from our Stake treasury $134.90 for charitable purposes, aside from the local ward disbursement. President Andrew Kimball addressed The subjt cts spoken on the conference. were retrenchment, storing of grain, tithand pnper employing, ment for our children. President Wm. D. Johnson encouraged home industries and economy; also boie testimony that President Andrew Kimball had preached a Gospel sermon today. Conference closed with a good spirit prevailing. Please remember me kindly to our new presidency, as I have known Sister Bath-sheb- a W. Smith ever since I can remember, and Sister Annie T. Hyde used to be a Sunday School teacher in the Fourteenth Wfrd when I attended Sunday School. Selena L,. Pmu,ips, Stake bee. self-sustaini- SEVENTY-SEVENT- H ANNIVERSARY. January 2, 1902, was the seventy-sevent- h anniversary of the birth of Sister Joannah Eggertsen and many of her friends gathered at her comfortable and hospitable home in the Second Ward, Provo, to show their love and respect for her During the afternoon and evening an entertaining program was carried out, con sisting of singing and speaking and a delicious lunch was served. Sister Eggertsen's friends testified of her goodness and their love and appreciation of her many good qualities. 