WOMAN'S EXPONENT. x4 singing was led by Elder Joseph Ballan-tyn- e. RECEPTION AND BANQUET. and received his first positive testimony of He felt TENDERED THE RETIRING OFFICERS OF work. the truth of the Latter-dain connection with the spirit of charity and THE MONTPELIER RELIEF SOCIETY. benevolence he could not do betfer than to A very enjoyable time was had at the point to Ogden and Weber Stake for an exto down come has institution This Montpelier meeting house, January 24, ample. us through the Prophet Joseph Smith. Made 1902, the occasion being a surprise iu and world officers of of the Montthe reference to the creation honor of the retiring in a delightfully poetical pelier Relief Society, namely: President peopling it, etc., manner; said if we should ask who are doing Petria Hogansen, Counselor Elizabeth the will of God today many would be over- Bridges and Treasurer Ann Bunney. We may now see through a glass looked. Shortly after 2 p. m. the people had was the who ask the and the program arranged for assembled people today darkly, ever has world known, the occasion man After was proceeded with. the greatest Roman the welof would of them address an exercises the' say many opening of babe the W. Clark was W. come Caesar, yet Emperor Augustus given by Bishop Bethlehem was not thought of then, the and appropriate remarks were made by resurrection and the life of the proud and Stake Counselor Mary Bagley. Meanthe lowly who keep the laws of God. Spoke while musical selections were rendered. of His appearing to His disciples, and said, The most beautiful feature however was a "Where now is Augustus Caesar ? Yet the biographical sketch of the lives of our Savior was not approved of man, but known honored guests, which had been prepared of God." Bishop Whitney then spoke of and was also read by Brother Fayette Austhe butterflies of fashion, how like bubbles tin who had taken nctes from the Patriupon the ocean wave, and said, "I turn from archal blessings of each, arranging them in that spectacle to this, and it is as if I drink a beautiful way, proving beyoud a doubt deep of living waters." that our worthy sisters had ordered their A solo by Miss Ferrin, "0 Lord, abide lives in a manner to merit the blessings with me," was very beautifully rendered and which were promised only through their President Seymour B. Young congratulated faithful labors. the sisters of the Relief Society of Weber Other exercises were rendered after Stake and Sister Jane S. Richards, their which the presents, consisting of three Represident, in a very eloquent manner. handsome bureaus, were presented in a few called the first organization by the Prophet well chosen words by our worthy Bishop, and Smith that the spirit who in a jovial way said he was in Joseph of the work had since spread abroad hopes our sisters would not get to feeling in the noble vain while viewing themselves in the mirthe earth, mentioned miniswho Florence woman, Nightingale, rors, and begin crimping their hair, etc. tered to the sufferers on the battlefield and in A kindly response was then given by the hospitals in the Crimean war; later on each of the honored guests who were much Noted the depth of affected the Red Cross work. in their the demonstration by feeling among the sisters of the Relief honor, and each expressed gratitude for the Society, that they ministered to all in love and kindly feeling manifest for them at this charity, The mothers in Israel were indeed time. a Relief Corps of Zion, as your humble After an appropriate selection by the This house choir a short recess was president said this morning. taken, then all was started under the administration of the surrounded tables that were spread with Priesthood, it is a good place to be in and the rich bounties of the earth. It is estia good work for our young people, it is a mated that near two hundred people partijoyful thing to serve the Lord in ministering cipated in the enjoyment of a real feast. The speaker closed by The amusements of the among the lowly, evening were a "The Master's varied and were entitled, poem reading greatly enjoyed by the Coming Today." Saints who were mostly aged and middle-agePresident John R. Winder, in a most impeople who seemed to appreciate the pressive manner, then offered the Dedicatory company of each other, even more than So solemn was the feeling, so ever before. There was a Prayer. general good sacred the influence it was as if a holy and at the close all feeling throughout hush fell upon the house. seemed perfectly satisfied with the day's Sister Ferrin then sang, as a fitting close enjoyment. to the morning service, "There is Sunshine This was an unusual occasion owing to in my Soul," which found a response in the fact that each of our honored sisters every heart. was born in a foreign land, each crossed The benediction was offered by Patriarch the plains in a handcart company and each John Smith. was among the first to settle in this once The brethren and sisters were then esBear Lake, and for corted to the dining room where tables forbiding valley, each has been prominent in years loaded with the bounties of life, and fragrant many the Relief Society here. Beautiwith flowers, delighted the guests. ful young women and girls were in waiting BIOGRAPHICAL to serve at the tables, and also the hundreds of people from all over the country who reSister Petria Hogansen, who is the mained seated in the hall and partook of the first subject in this sketch was born in generous hospitality, of which an abundance Asker, Norway, December 20, 1830. She When all were seated came to Salt Lake City in the fall of 1856 had been provided. Teasdale pronounced the blessing and to Bear Lake with the first pioneers in Apostle and the feast was thoroughly enjoyed. Was appointed president in the 1863. Relief Society April 30, 1879, Montpelier (Afternoon session to be continued,) y Brief opening remarks appropriate to the day were made by President L W. Shurt-liffollowed by President Bathshtba W. Smith, who congratulated Sister Richards on having such a nice hall to meet in, and on her labors among the sisters for so many years. Sister Smith mentioned the first meeting of the sisters in Nauvoo when tbe Prophet Joseph organized the Society, and said seeing Sister Belnap there had brought vivid recollections to her mind of that fiist meeting when she went with Sister Belnap's mother, Sister Martha Knight, and she herself was now the only person living present on that occasion. She spoke of her association with the Society all these years, of mingling with the brethren and sisters many of whom had passed away. Sister Smith closed by praying for peace and blessing upon the Society there, and upon Sister Richards f, and all assembled. President Jane S. Richards made an address of welcome to those present. Spoke of the good work of the brethren and sisters in the Stake in helping to build the house, and of her desire to have it dedicated on that vears from the particular day, twenty-fivtime President Young had organized the sisters of Weber Stake, felt it would be appropriate .and had hurried the matter of preparations for the dedication on th.it occasion. It was Thursday, July 19, 1877, that A few Brother Young came to visit them. e weeks previous, in May, she had invited President Young and a number of the brethren and tome of the sisters up to dedicate a hall or milliner's store for home manufacture of straw hats, bonnets, etc., that she had charge of in Ogden City, and Brother Young had promised then to come again and She spoke modestly of talk to the sisters. her efforts to try and build up the Society and he'p take care of the sick and unfortuReferred to the plainness of the nate. furnishings and to the pictures that were hung up, she had been disappointed in some of them. Alluded to the help received from the Presidency of the Stake, the Bishops and brethren and sisters in carrying on the work of the organization and also the building. President C. W. Penrose, of the Salt Lake Stake, and editor of the Deseret News, He referred to Ogden's enterspoke next. and the public spirit of the people genprise and his knowledge of Sister Richards' erally benevolent work among the people, commended her labors in the highest terms of praise in visiting the people who needed assistance in their homes and ministering to their wants both spiritually and temporally. He also spoke specially of Apostle F. D. Richards and the efficient aid he had rendered Sister Richards in all her labors in the Relief Society, and he believed those in the spirit world were cognizant of the efforts we were making here. Said he understood this was the first Stake house built by the Relief Society, how pleasant it would be to report this to the brethren who had gone before. Referred to the activity of Sister Richards and Brother Winder at such an advanced age and made other excellent remarks concerning the Gospel dispensation in these last days, added his blessing upon all connected with spreading the work. Bishop O. F. Whitney commenced by saying he was not a veteran in the work as many present were, but a boy twenty-tw- o years old at the time of the inception of the project alluded to, and was out in the world d Mrs. Mary E. Lothrop, of Denver, has the distinction of being the first woman lawyer to argue a case before the State Supreme Court of Colorado. a position she honored up to the time of her release, which occurred November 16, 1901. Frances Elizabeth Bridges, who is the second subject of this sketch, was born in England, September 5, 1837, and arrived 