WOMAN'S EXPONENT 46 leader of thought and new movements-- I always called her the philosopher and She was a statesman of our movement. finished writer. "When she was able to attend our conventions we always had an opening address. I called her a word artist, while I was the worker. If I wanted anything done, any appeals to Congress or Legislatures written, I put my bonnet on and went to see Mrs. Stanton. It spoiled me for writing myself, for I always had her to lean on. It was only last week that she wrote Mrs Ida H. Harper, asking her to edit her speeches as soon as Mrs. Harper had finished the last volume of the 'History of Woman Suffrage,' on which we are now working. There are more than 200 of these speeches, which she has had labeled and sorted and placed in an chest of drawers. 'She was interested in the last volume of intensely the 'History of Woman Suffrage,' soon to be given to the public, and every week we received letters containing suggestions, and asking that this and that be included in it.; She was looking forward with so much pleasure to the completion of the book, and her most ardent wish was that she might live to see it. The last letter received from her was one of her strongest and brightest. She said she intended to have all her work out ot the way so that she could have the book read to her from beginning to end. We are so disappointed to think she can never see it that we cannot be reconciled. It contains scores of speeches. And every week or so we would receive letters from her asking us if we were using this speech or that." The last time Miss Anthony saw Mrs. Stanton was in June, and the two parted very cheerfully. Miss Anthony said: "I cannot express myself at all as I feel. I am too crushed to say much, but if she hai outlived me she would have found fine words with which to express our friendship. I cannot say it in words." "What periods of your lives gave you the greatest pleasure ?" was asked. "When we were digging together. When she forged the thunderbolts and I fired a old-fashion- ed puting nations should be compelled to submit. Each Sovereign Party on the Jury should The Parowan Ward for are organizations thtir annual wcod haulers planning party and supper, when they usually disall tribute $100.00 worth of wood, and quite a with Military Strength to if reunion and revival is the result. other Sovereign Parties in enforcing, E. Crane Watso. necessary, the judgment of the Supreme Court. In this way would the armies of MARICOPA. the Christian World instead of being a menace to Peace be as a Police force makThe Relief Society Conference of the ing for the peace of the world; as it is Maricopa Stake, held in the Mesa Relief highly improbable that any two disputing Society hall, September 18, 1902, First parties, however strong or great, could Counselor Melissa C. J. Hunsaker presidafford to defy the combined forces of the ing. Opened with the usual exercises. Christian World. Counselor Melissa C. J. Hunsaker It may be advanced that some of the the absence of our kind and loving Sovereign Parties constituting the Court president, who had been called to Mexico might not act in good faith, nor be dis- to visit a sick daughter. posed to a decision in accordance with Six wards were reported with the excep-ceptioSuch Sovereign Parties having justice. of Pine, all six had been visited by personal and private interests to subserve, the officers of the Stake during the last must, in a Council of at least twelve SoverAll were in fairly good workquarter. eign Parties, necessarily be in a minority, ing order, with an average attendance. and therefore could not, with the whole The health of the people was generally world looking on, openly advocate nor could they well secretly connive at a course good. Second Counselor Amelia Home followed at variance with truth and righteousness. on the same line, subjects of punctuality; The moral effect alone of such a scheme as is to perform duties; the raising willingness proposed would go far to justify the attempt. of families and the blessings gained thereI humbly submit to your Majesty that and how to pay it, and that our all Sovereigns who may resolve to favorably by; tithing members might increase until we would consider the foregoing outlined proposition, to have repair to the Stake Tabernacle; also may be sure of the sympathy, and support missionary work. therein of all their loyal subjects and of all During the afternoon session none of the men of good will; for humanity is groaning were with us, we missed their under the burden of Militarism and wants priesthood and the motherly voice of our influence Peace. also, still we had an excellent I have the honor to be, Sire, Your president conference. Majesty's humble and obedient Servant, Closed Adjourned for three months. Arnold De Lisle. with the usual exercises. Netherton, Dudley, Worcestershire, A. E. L. Fuller, Sec 16th August, 1902. be bound to contribute a portion of his re-gret- n , Up to the time of going to press, acknowledgments and expressions of approval have been received from King Edward, the Czar Nicolas, King Victor Emmanuel, and President Loubet. JORDAN STAKE. The Jordan Stake Relief Society con- vened in conference November 4, at 10 a.m. Prayer was offered by Elder L. Smith. R. S. REPORTS. . Twelve of the branches were reported by PAROWAN STAKE. the officers, all in a thriving condition, of Belief conference The the ample means on hand for their needs and Society Pa rowan Stake was held on Sunday at all have wheat stored away. Counselor . Kanarra. Hilda H. Larson pronounced the benedicthem." Ex. The reports showed that the ward organ- tion. izations were up to date in good, practical At 1 p. m. President Hyrum Goff and Parowan ward had done unusual Counselor The Armies of the World as a Universal Police service. J. W. W. Fitzgerald were In Force. heavy duty in caring for the sick and aged attendance. Prayer was offered by Counfor the past six months, while the Cedar selor J. W. W. A PEACE NOTE TO THE POWERS. Fitzgerald. President Mar-ind- a ward, besides responding to the many calls Bateman felt pleased with the reports made to their organization, had a work to Exhorted all to be alive to their To his Imperial given. of.... perform not expected in the other wards, duties, the teachers especially. j for it is there that our able physician, Dr. Sire, Counselor Hilda H. some Larson gave George Middleton receives, and patients Most Gracious Sovereign: ; from every part of the Stake apply to him very encouraging words to the sisters. Counselor all Cutler of fact of the that weapons of warAgnes In view encouraged for operations and medical treatment, and Relief the the fare have now become so formidable and the needy, of which there is Society workers, especially quite a per teachers. destructive as to render war almost as cent, are pro ided for and cared for in calamitous for the victor as for the van- every necessary way by the Relief President Hyrum Goff felt to endorse all Society that had been said; said that the real worthy quished, especially when the opposing band. forces are about equal in numbers and re The Kanarra sisters have made over poor are those that never ask, they are the ones that need looking after. sources; and further, in view of the fact seventy yards of carpet for their that the settlement of international differ- completed assembly room, and arenearly Counselor J. W. W. Fitzgerald gave now ences by fire and sword is unsatisfactory, contributing to buy lamps for the same. strong talk to the mothers about instructan outrage on humanity, and civilization, I The largest turnout remembered at a ing their daughters on the necessity of beg humbly to submit to your majesty that, conference were present, a beautiful spirit marrying in the Temple of God. As a Civil Cause is tried by a Judge and prevailed. Frank Thorley (son of the Bishop John A. Egbert felt well paid for the time spent in meeting with the sisters. in a Court also so of should a Cedar and Ada Justice, Jury City president) Wood, of aids were appointed and set apart Three be Court for constituted the same trial assisted the Supreme place, charmingly with and judgment of the causes of nations. The a number of vocal selections, "also one of to labor in the Jordan Stake Sisters Leali Of the Stake presi- Fitzgerald and Elizabeth Day, of Draper, Sovereigns of all Christian States, with the Kanarra sisters. Prime their respective Ministers, should, dency Counselors Bay les and Watson were and Ariminta E. Egbert, of West Jordan. form such a Court, to present, President Ollerton not being able Benediction by Edward Rushton. this with object, whose judgments the Governments of dis to leave her aged mother. Elizabeth Garpner, Sec. , ; Myfper0 f 