WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE WOOD BUTTERCUP We marvel why thou raiseth up Thy tiny golden cup In this sequestered place, Where dense boughs interlace, Thou that dos't love the light. Pure, warm and bright. Did a malign, relentless power, In some hour, Thus have thee woodward sent In cruel banishment Thou that dost bravely bloom, Despite the gloom? Should an adverse, unfriendly fate Upon our pathway wait, May we not bow the head. But lift it high instead In patient bravery, Remembering thee ! Selected. THE IMPERIAL PALACE IN BERLIN AND OTHER POINTS OF INTEREST. From the outside this would not strike the beholder as being a grand palace. But once through the receiving room and having ascended the inclined brick walk used instead of stairs, one is ushered into a large room, with floor polished like glass, where felt slippers of uncertain size are handed to everyone that the floor may not be marred. Then begins the tour of what proves to be a palace of magnificence, and all are anxious to see what the building contains. Th2 roms are gorgeous indeed, with most costly pictures on the walls, of all the Emperors of Germany, with those of many of the other nations. A lovely one of Queen Victoria, standing in court costume, is noticeable, as also one of the Queen of Sweden and many others. A costly palace indeed is this! Gold doors, gold trimmings, gold ornaments, gold on the walls, gold on the ceiling and gold everywhere. There are many presents to the Emperor of untold value, both gold and silver, richly upholstered chairs with gold frames, in fact, gold and silver is used as through it could be picked up in the streets. One room known as the White Room is white and gold with crystal chandeliers of unknown value suspended from the ceiling, which scintillate, reflecting the rays of light that enter through the deep windows, whose tops and sides are wrought in gold of exquisite workmanship. One can scarcely imagine such magnificence, much less describe it. This room is of large dimensions, with highly polished floor whereon one scarce can stand; its use we can scarcely understand. The Hall of the Knights is another of splendor. This one contains a chandelier of crystal also, whose value must be fabulous. It is covered with a thin gauze, it is so precious, which is only removed on state occasions. The shields of the knights in solid gold hang here, while statuary of knights in armor and other wonderful decorations are in wide panels just below the ceiling all around the room, whose doors are also ornamented gold, which almost dazzle the These are some of the warriors of sight. old who are honored and remembered in German history. THE LUTHER ROOM. The Luther room is here, where sat in solemn conclave the Diet of Worms, who 83 summoned the great reformer before its august body, demanding of him to recant his heresies. Would that these walls could repeat the words used at that world-fame- d trial, the features of those taking part be reproduced, and that the voice of Luther could be heard when he said, "What I have said, I have said, and cannot recant, so help me God !" The solemnity of the occasion, with the hush that followed that speech seems here still. This perhaps was a throne room at one time, as the throne with its crimson and gold canopy is still here. Then the present throne room Imagine the costly canopy overhead, the gold chair on which the Emperor sits on an elevated gold step, surrounded by a gold bar a couple of feet from it that no one may come nearer to His Imperial majesty while he sits there; then think of all the costly magnificence, all the pomp and splendor that man and gold can make, then vou have a faint idea of the resplendent glory ot this room. Great scenes have been enacted here when an Emperor has been crowned, but now it is silent: none are clamoring for 0 from dis place or position : no heart-ache- s for things appointment: no unattainable, but peace and silence reign. Ihe bustle ot the srreat city seems far away, and only comes as faint .murmurs. in life, poor among the very poor, without a place to lafy His hea her and and of suffering grie, the teaC rejected associate of publicans and sinners, minious by His own, suffering an igno in that death, a companion with thieves ed by dreadful hour, yet now acknowled the civilized world as the Son of God-HerHe is represented in beautiful and striking attire, that he might look like the grand ones who claim to worship Him. Yet if He were to visit them today, as He was when on earth, again would He be rejected, royalty could never mingle with those in the humble walks of life. It seems almost like a mockery. Though He is also the Savior of the rich, yet would they never own Him while on earth, nor would they now. A sigh escapes the lips; how untoward is the world, and how deluded by the touch of gold. The poor were His companions, the kings His persecutors. Looking at the beautiful paintings of His death and sufferings, on which the titled rest their eyes, one is led to exclaim, "Who will stand the day of His coming?" We leave the place with a sense of relief, and thinking of the other palaces belonging to the Emperor, with all his responsibilities, and remembering the old adage that "uneasy lies the head that wears a crown," no thought of enyy is in the heart. Opposite the main entrance of the palace THE ART GALLERY. is an imposing monument of Emperor The art gallery is two hundred feet long. William I.semi-circl-Under it flows the river Spree. the It is a and, oh, the priceless paintings to be seen with driver and four inBlform,turnedchariot, toward horses, here ! Two are the crowning scenes, one either end. on the Just palace opposite that of the old Emperor, the other of the of the Emperor, Both are of immense the centre of it is a statue present Kaiser. to the in palace after the returning victory dimensions and are gorgeous in the Franco Prussian war. His horse is led by The statue stands on a Of course the central figure is that of the a woman.of dark marble with four huge square pedestal Kaiser, who solemnly registers his vow a lion on each of them. They with comers, All the men of and accepts the crown. to represent Germany at different stages state are near, the stone features of Bismark are war. One lion is looking disturbed of the in bold prominence with delegations imand restless, clutching in his paws the important and stately, making a most imposwar. of The next one is opening The Emperor with a few plements in ing spectacle. his mouth anger and is gathering them attendants sits on the balcony opposite. is springing next The forward, It must have been up. What a gathering mouth extended, muskets, spears, flags a solemn time indeed. The artist has done and swords in active service. It is said his shading and coloring well. the terror inspired by such a monster, that it took him five years to paint each a O, fitting type of the demon war ! one of these. Then comes victorious peace. The lion Here are the pictures of Germany's de crouching down at rest, holding in triumph parted great ones, Emperors, princes, with broken muskets, broken hubs and wheels, the Empress, ladies, men of state, as also battered torn swords with those who were celebrated in the known broken cannon,in fact coats, the destruction of blades, world. Here they are true to life, in gold war is shudone and delineated, fearfully rames of elaborate design and width. Of thinking how great the havoc and deall the palaces before visited this is the ders, of life entailed by this war. struction One could never think of most eoreeous. On the Emperor's birthday beautiful The palace idea is first this as a home. are placed on the steps flowers of wreaths Such and foremost and always present. monument of the by a grateful people, magnificence is really burdensome and many faded ones lying there now. This is oppressive. the first and most imposing monument we There is a large hall, to be known as the have yet seen. It is about sixty feet high White Hall, in course of finishing. No and bears the following inscription: doubt it will be very imposing. It will be "Monument of Emperor William I., 186 quite an addition to the palace, and will be used as the amusement hall and a place of Close by, in course of erection, is what recreation, and apparently will be on a is called the "Dom Building." This will scale of appropriate grandeur to the reWestminster be to Germany what Abbey The chapel hall is is to mainder of the palace. the tomb of the Royal dead. England, This is It is not quite large and nicely arranged. completed, though it has walls been ten nearly since Its the worship. where it was commenced. Royal family years are ornamented by scenes in the life of This will be the sepulchre of the present Christ, and the words, "I am the resurrecKaiser and family. The tion and the life, " are prominent. ( Continued.') Think of His station humble Nazarine ! oft-tim- es e ! heart-burninfi- rs e . ! 