WOMAN'S EXPONENT. LETTER FROM CHICAGO. Chicago, June 22, 1902. Dear Ones at Home: You will be glad to know that I found Miss Locke the day I arrived at Chicago Upon landing at the Union depot Mrs. Virginia Snow Stephen and her mother were met by Dr. Harding. From there I to Plaza the hotel and found telephoned that my friend had come from New York and had taken a cottage on the south side, near 27th St. My companious kindly offered to accompany me to my destination, but it was not necessary, and I knew their dear ones were anxiously waiting to see them, so we parted, for the time, and I went over familiar ground in quest of Miss Locke on the Wabash and Cottage Grove and Jackson Park car, landing at the spot, 57th St., where we used to get off when bound lor the World's Fair grounds. Turning to Rosalie Court I found myself at my journeys end, and a ring at the- door brought Miss Kundson, my friend's companion and fellow traveler. I began to take out my card, but she said, "Put up up your card, I know who you are, come - with me." So, leading the way through the reception hall and drawing room into the dining room, where they were seated at dinner, she announced, "Josephine C. Locke, here is Alice Merrill Home of Utah." Then there was the embrace of old friends. Though we had never met face to face, years of correspondence and mutual help and effort in the line of art development for the masses had created a bond of loving friendship between u. We were all so happv I was given a hearty welcome and as soon as I was seated at table they plied me with questions about my children and family, of the work of the Art Institute and the Utah artists. Miss Locke is a very fine looking woman and has a truly magnificent presence. She was larger and grander than I expected to find her, and of me she said, "Look at her, she is a little, slender woman, a Puritan maiden, a Priscilla." So we were all merry over the wrong impressions we had entertained of each other. When I told them I c .uld only stay away from you ten days or two weeks, they insisted I must never leave for six weeks. Their friend, "Kendall," as they call her, has gone to Denver and will not return for two weeks, and they say I must ! WW- - Stav Gertrude ! and I ran over to the beach before five to see the morning effect in Johnson Park. for you." We went just a little way and Jackson Park burst upon our vie- revealing the - charming outline of the Fine Arts building of the World's Fair and Lake Michigan beyond. What a whirl of memories rushed upon We walked up the me at the sight broad terrace on the north side toward the beach. On our right no trace is left of the New York, Pennsylvania and Massachusetts State buildings, a sweep of laAvn has taken the place of all the State buildings. Pausing often to admire the noble and inspiring piece of architecture, which seems ! Minnie Hom6wool Ada Brook May Uushforth Hilda Burton Mamie Sliver Mary Plepgrass life-savin- grass. She vows she when entertaining friends. there is where in a house would never live Miss all Locke's not room for one more. In travels in Egypt, Palestine, Italy, Germany, France and Holland, "Kundy" has been her interesting companion. The third member of the household is Mary, a sweet young girl who is sewing for Miss Locke. We make a happy quartette. After dinner Miss Locke said, "We will take a walk and I hve a sweet surprise Htmn --W- to stand as a prophecy of the beautiful It was cool and beautiful, the atmosphere there is yet to come into the architecture of soft and hazy; down the beach by the g the New America. Passing to the rustic quaint German building, on past the station and down by the Convent seats on the lake shore, once again I watched the waves roll in and beat La Rabida, scarcely anything else remains against the recks on the beach and heard except here and there some mark recalls the music of the rushing water that you the position of the court of honor or some The graceful bridges reother building. and I loved years ago. in The Santa Maria main many places. To the right the German building rises and still Nina are Pinta there, lonesome rea poetical edifice telling the story of the was desolate about of minders all the past, Fatherland in its charm of form, coloring are them. They building an artificial I could almost hear the and ornament. on to which place them for ue. chime of the bells loaned during the Fair lagoon led me over the home My way back Thus from the Church of Mercy, Berlin. I saw the Japanese and once more stimulated, to my mind the whole scene island, of the World's Fair came. It was evening, tea gardens, a beautiful little building a soft light was in the sky, a moment of good fortune has preserved. The drops of dew were heavy on the grass enchantment Giving ourselves up to the and trees, and the sun coming up turned sentiment of the moment we strolled on On the green hand in hand toward home, walking in the them into sparkling gems. were a few golf players cool and soft happily engaged in This spot I often visited, generally in Once Mary early morning or at evening. see "Kendall" before I leave Chicago. Miss Kundson, or "Kundy," is also very hospitable and is never happier than wsf Kva Stevenson Annie Grether Viola Thirkill Viola Denhalter Moss 19 After the sun came their favorite sport. we did not tarry, but with glad hearts for the good things we were privileged to enjoy, we took our way back to Rosalie Court, where we were content to see from the dining room windows the "corat" trees, as Miss Locke called them, gently moving and whispering to each other, revealing beyond the dome of the Fine Arts building. Alice Merrill Horne. THE IDEAL. Think not thou ever shalt attain To all that highest seems, Hope not at any time to reign The monarch of thy dreams. If at a step thy foot should feel The height that lures thv soul, That height would other heights reveal Above its longed-fo- r goal. And should an angel lend thee wings To soar from peak to peak, Thv furthest flight would show the things Far off and still to seek. But. though thy journey never cease From light to greater light Would'st change it for a sluggish peace. With earth alone in sight ? V. Y. 