WOMAN'S i8 was accepted at the Paris Exposition A One of Miss Teasdel's picrare honor. tures, "French Peasants Knitting," was bought by the Institute of Art for the collection of paintings. The prizes to be awarded are as follows: i. A bronze medal of honor will be given for the best work of art in the exhibition. Open to resident and non resident art;sts. This medal may be withheld if in the opinion of the awarding committee no work'exhibited is of sufficient merit. The State prize, $300.00, will be 2 given for the best painting by a Utah resident artist, the painting to become a part of the Alice Art Collection. 3. Institute prizes, open to resident artists: $50.00 for the best water color, the painting with its frame to become part of the Alice Art Collection. Honorable mention for the second best water color. Z. C. M. I. offers $25.00 for the best plan for country home, including house, barns and pens, to cost about $3000. Deseret National bank offers $25.00 for best design for lace collar to be executed in Utah silk. The sego lily must enter into the design. The Youug Woman's Journal offers $0.00 for design foi book cover to be used to cover the Journal. Zion's Savings Bank offers $10.00 for best study in clay or plaster from life by a student of the State. VV. S. McCornick offers $10.00 for the best study in color by a student of the State. Honorable mention second best. Mrs. Solomon Siegel offers $10.00 for the best design for silk fabric $10 00 for best still life study. Mr. H. L A. Culmer offers $10.00 as student's prize for High School. Miss Mary Teasdel offers $10.00 as student's prize for University. $5 00 will be given for best design in each of the following lines of art: Poster, wood carving, wrought metal, pyrography, tiling, wall paper. $5.00 for best group of three photographs. A. M. H. LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- Y MEETING. The Ladies' Meeting was held in the 14th ward hall, June 21, 1902, President Bathsheba W Smith presiding. Meeting opened by singing "Arise, O glorious Zion." Prayer by Sister Frances Smith. Singing, "Guide us, O Thou Great Jehovah." Minutes of last meeting read and accepted. President B. W. Smith then addressed the sisters. Urged them to live in love and union with one another, said mothers should teach their children the principles of the Gospel and how to live them. She in the enjoyed working Temple. Counselor Sarah J. Cannon said that we had much to do, urged all to set a good example at all times. Sister Stevenson then explained the necessity of the mothers teaching their children the way to do right, and not so much time spent in society circles of life; that mothers should not be afraid to tell their children tey love them, but implant love and peace in their hearts and teach them to be kind to one another and to set a gcod Sister Margaret Sharp felt to example. Semi-Monthl- EXPONENT. Sister Jane Young addressed the sisters. She said she was a pioneer, and was anx-iouthat all should lay up provisions for the future, she felt that great calamities She had were coming in the near future. trials. passed through many Sister Butterworth referred to many trials and trying circumstances that the people witnessed in years gone by, and spoke of the necessity of mothers taking She felt there was care of their children. too much time spent in pleasure seeking. Sister Squires told of the thankfulness of a sister for being prayed for at the meeting some time ago. She felt to testify of the Zion. goodness of the Lord to her when she was The sisters contributed $16.00 to help a child, caring for her when coming to this Told how kind friends the family migrate. country all alone. and the poverty she exof her care the took The congregation sang hymn, in flowers." thousand ten "Earth with her many ways. perienced Sister Hardy spoke of the poor in the Sister Emma Ridd bore her testimony. world and the many oppositions they have Counselor Stevenson referred to the to meet and their great desire to come to early days and urged all to lay up grain and flour, to be wise virgins in very deed. Zion, Sister Bathsheba W. Smith said she had Meeting adjourned for four weeks, a strong testimony when she was young. BenedicSinging, "Come, let us anew." of of the ordinances of the U. tion Alder. purity Spoke by Sister L. the Temple and urged all to be faithful to Amelia Wakdrop, Sec. the truth. Sisters Latham, Beaching and Buzzo, EAGAR WARD. also another sister in the congregation bore their testimonies. Editor Woman's Exponent: Meeting adjourned for four weeks Benediction by Sister Sarah J. Cannon. ST. ARIZONA. regret the loss of their president, Sister She was a gocd woman to the Hanford. felt she that the poor should be poor, looked after. Sisters Taylor and Wright bore faithful testimonies. Sister Alder spoke of the many testimonies she had while on her mission to England, also of many circumstances that heppened while she was away. Said she was very desirous of helping a family from England who cannot help themselves. She spoke of their goodness and faithfulness and asked the sisters to help her to raise the means that they might come to s JOHNS STAKE, y Miuutes of the Ladies ward in the held 14th hall, Salt Meeting, Lake City, July, 1902, Counselor E. J. Stevenson presiding. Singing, "Lord we come before Thee now." Prayer by Sister Elizabeth Paul. Singing, "Come, 6 Thou King of kings." Minutes of the last meeting read and accepted. Sister Stevenson then addressed the sisters, refening to the conferences she had visited in some of the southern settlements. Urged all to bear their testimony, told how the sisters that live so far away appreciate the testimonies of the sisters published in the Exponent. Referred to the goodness of Aunt Zina Young. Sang, "What was witnessed in the heavens." Sister Diana Read testified to the goodness of the Lord to her in the Temple. Sister Julia C. Howe felt that we should all strive to maintain a standing in the Church, spoke of the strength derived fiom hearing the testimonies of others. Urged the mothers to watch their children, to teach them the principles of the Gospel, and referred to her young days, how the teachings of her parents had made a good and lasting impression on her through life. Counselor Clara C. Cannon testified of the good effect the Relief Society work had upon the sisters. Spoke of the excursion that will take place sometime soon, wished all to be interested. Sister Webb spoke of the necessity of taking care of our children, we should be careful how we talk to and before them at all times. Sister Silver told the sisters of the very pleasant trip she had in California and other places, how kindly they were treated, and referred to several places of interest that she visited. Sister Taylor thought the schools that are in our midst are a great benefit to our children. Sister Phelps bore her testimony and urged all to live faithful. Semi-Monthl- We thought perhaps the sisters would like to know how we are getting along in this far awaj ward. Our Relief Society is fully organized and in good running order. We celebrated the 17th of March and had an enjoyable time and received our required dues. Already ths year we have done a good deal of charity work and though we are few in numbers and poor in pocket, we hope and desire to possess that which is beyond all price, even a goodly portion of the Holy Spirit. We send greeting and good wishes to all the sisters engaged in this same great work. Charlotte Jensen, Pres. Mrs. S. S. Fessenden will speak in Mystic, Conn., Thursday, August 21. at the 36th anniversary meeting of the Universal Peace Union and the 35th of the Connecticut Peace Society. Her subject will be "Women and Peace." A large gathering is expected. Mrs Helen Coffin Beedy, of Bangor, Me., President of the Dorathea Dix Memorial Association, invites all friends who appreciate true merit to honor the memory of Miss Dix by contributions of articles for the sale, or membership of one dollar, or children's names with five cents each for the honor role. Mrs. M. E Skillings, one of the charter members of the New England Woman's Press Association, celebrated her 77th birthday last week at her home in Arlington. The Press Association sent her an official letter of congratulation and a basket of flowers, and by concerted action many of the club women sent her personal letters and gifts and other tokens of remembrance, these coming from all parts of New England. Ex. 