WOMAN'S 'They' that trust in Him shall be as Mount Which cannot be rtraoved, but Zion', abideth forever." " ELIZABETH CADY. STANTON. Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton who died in New York City, October 26, 1902, was one of the most extraordinary women the nineteenth century has produced; and certainly one of the most original in thought and expression. ' Mrs Stanton was born November 12, N. and was the Y., i8i6,"at Johnstown, daughter of Judge Daniel Cady, a celebrated jurist, her mother, Margaret Livingston,' is said to have been a woman of "unusual vivacity." the pleasure ot coming in contact with her. Her fine personality was perceptible to all with whom she was in any way associated. When Mrs. 'Stanton was a young bride she went with her ' husband to London. He was a delegate from the ' Society in! America; Lucretia Mott was one of the rejected women delegates and Mrs. QlalJLUii a oy liiyamica wcjc uiuusru iiuu sue formed a lasting friendship for that famous ' Quaker advocate of freedon- and equal rights. To a friend, who asked what most interested her in all London, she answered, After that the subject "Lucretia Mott." of edual rights was more or less in her Anti-slaver- y thoughts. She wrote the call for the first Woman's Rights Convention at Seneca Falls, New York, 1848. Three years after Miss Susan B. ' Anthony became acquainted with her and they were ever afterwards devoted friends; their lives and characters fitted It was a beautifully into each other. chaiming picture to see them together, two very .venerable women, and so uniike in appearance and in many of the serious matters of life and in many of its phases Miss Anthony's devotion to Mrs. Stanton has often recalled to the mind of the writer that of Sister Zina D. H. Young and Sister Eliza R.' Snow,' only with this difference, Miss Snow and Miss Anthony were like in many respects,' and Aunt Zina, as we loved to call' her, possessed in a great degree the mother element that shone so conspicuously in Mrs: Stanton. mis oiauiuu was a lauiuus uvjuociwccpci and accomplished home maker; she had seven children, five sons and two daughters. It iis said of her that she was so pref ty in her youth ' that she looked well in the Bloomer costume' which she, Lucy Stone and Miss Anthony all were for a lew years. In her. later life she was a magnificent specimen of cultured womanhood. Age. had not diminished her strength of mind, her intellect was bright to the last; though her body grew more feeble and those around her could see a change was '' , - she fell asleep and knew no waking.". She was near her 87th birthday. Gerrit ; Her .six living children are Henry . damn, ineoaore ana KODeu, wars. ivj.aiga.i-e- t Stanton Lawrence and Mrs. Harriet The funeral was held Stanton Blatch.Mrs. Stanton's home; only October. 29, at the family, and a few intimate friends, who , . - . i7fro nrocanf rr iriTri t a f inn t 1 CC 511 s0 T "R. Anthony, Mrs. Lillie Devereaux Blake, and Mrs. Charlotte F. Wilbour were among the number.Addresses were given by Rev. Martin D. Conway, of London, and - 45 Rev. Antoinette Brown Blackwell. She was buried at Woodlawn cemetery, The ceremony at the grave included an address by Rev. Phebe A. Hanaford. At some future time the writer hopes to publish some personal reminiscences of Mrs. Stanton from her own acquaintance and correspondence with this brilliant,' attractive, magnificently gifted woman. EDITORIAL NOTES. Sister Annie T.; Hyde, First Counselor to President Bathsheba W. Smith in the General Relief Society, started on Friday. November 14, expecting to visit the Relief Society in Denver, Pueblo, and in Arizona and Mexico, returning home by- way of California and pay a visit to the Saints and the Relief Society there. In company with Sister Hyde is Sister Julia Brixen, of the Y. L. N. M. I. A. Board, and these two sisters are traveling with Elder J. Golden Kimball, who is also doing missionary work. They, will probably be absent about a month. - - . . Mrs. Stanton was beloved by all who had . EXPONENT In the October number of the paper we mentioned the book we hope to bring out during the holidays. We also said it would be partly published by subscription as a certain amount is necessary as a guarantee. The price of one copy will be one dollar, and all money received will be deposited in the bank and receipts given and if the book is not published the money will be returned Considerto the subscribers without fail. fiction of books bought by ing the many our people it wou d be much better to en courage home talent and purchase those written by our own brethren or sisters, con tainine facts and good morals. ' The title will be "Aunt Em's Stories of Long Ago." The birthday of Sister M. Isabella Home lands, and, by the English Governors of New.York, Thanksgiving a national day during the Revolution. When recommended by Congress, The New England Thanks There were items of business, giving. minutes, letters, etc., and there was a fairly good attendance of membtrs and a few invited guests. Mrs. Willard T. Cannon sang for the ladies which was a rare treat, she has a very melodious voice and an expressive style, fie song was "Ramona," a comparatively new song, (at any rate new to the writer) and one into which the singer may put great feeling, making it very soulful, as much so even as the old favorite Refreshments were song,1 "Josephine." served after the style of New England Thanksgiving baked beans, pumpkin pie, and all the dainties that nuke thanksgiving real with the daintiest of china and snowy linen, etc The December meeting will be a Boston Tea Party at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. P. T. Farnsworth, 139 E. South Temple. The paper will be given by Mrs. Maria Y Dougall and is entitled "Reminiscences of James Otis, John Adams, John Hancock, Samuel Adams, Paul Revere, Patrick Henry, Benjamin Franklin, Peyton Randolph, Robert Morris, Thonus Jefferson, Silas Deane, Alexander Hamilton, James Madison and Thomas Paine." The Utah Woman's Press Club held annual meeting Nov. Saturday. The club was organized October 1, 1902. 31, 1 89 1, and generally holds its annual meeting on that day(Hallowe'en) but as the Federation was in session in Ogden, the meeting was postponed to the first of Mrs. Lydia D. Alder, the November. at Ogden representing the was president club and attending the Federation. The first on the program was the retiring president, Mrs. Alder, who gave an address upon Art in Paris, which was both instructive and entertaining, there were two recitations, one by Miss Fox and one by Miss Frankie Young, some excellent music by Prof. C. D. Schettler on the mandolin which was very delightful; the young ladies also added charm to the entertainment. Dr. Ellis R. Shipp in behalf of the club made a telling speech in presenting the retiring president with a volume of Tennyson handsomely bound and illustrated, given as an expression of appreciation for her year's work for the club and the friendship of the ladies with whom, and for whom, she has given time and talent. This was followed by the election of officers for the ensuing year and resulted as follows: President, Elizabeth S. Wilcox; Annie T. Widtsoe and Emma Jensen; Cor. Sec, Dr. R. B. Pratt; Rec. Sec, Estelle Neff; Treasurer, Rebecca E. Doolan. The next meeting will be November 30, 8 o'clock p. m., Woman's Exponent its will be celebrated Thursday, November 20, a part of the program will be an anniversary gathering in Barratt Memorial Building at 2 p. m. There will be music, addresses and appropriate exercises and she will thus be given the opportunity of greeting her old friends, and they will see and hear this re markable woman's testimony of the Gospel and of the divinity of the mission of the Prophet, Joseph with whom she was ac Sister Home was a member of quainted. in the early days and also a Church the of pioneer 187, arriving in the valley early Sister Home has traveled in September. very extensively among the people in the interest of the women's organizations of the Church, she also visited England, her native land and was one of the speakers at the Columbian Exposition in the Art Palace in Chicago and visited New York and other large cities. She, is deserving of great honor from the women of the Church, and the women of the world everywhere, for office. what she has done for the uplifting of womanhood. Daughters of the Nov. met Revolution 15, 1902, at the resiY. Cannon, Cannon Caroline Mrs. dence of Farm, and were handsomely entertained in It' was the Thanksher elegant home. giving meeting and the paper was entitled, The Utah Society Vice-president- MISS ANTHONY INTERVIEWED. "It was fifty years ago last May that we met first, at Seneca Falls, when we were There both young women in our prime. has been an unbroken friendship from that We did not agree on every diy to this. on central point of woman but the point,' "Origin of Thanksgiving, we official of in New England, Record suffrage always agreed, and that was appointments of days of Thanksgiving in the pivotal question. "Through the early days when the world Massachusetts Bay and Plymouth.Occasion-a- l Mrs. thanksgiving days appointed by the Dutch was against us, we stood together. Stanton was always a courageous woman Governors of New York in New Nether First-Thanksgivi- 