WOMAN'S EXPONENT. COURAGE. Because I hold it sinful to despond. And will not let the bitterness of life, Blind me but look beyond, Its tumult and its strife. Because I lift my head above the mist. When the sun shines and the broad breezes blow, By every ray and every raindrop kissed That God's love doth bestow. Think you I find no bitterness No burden to be borne, like at all Christian's pack? Think you there are no ready tears to fall Because I keep them back ? ? I hug life's ills with cold reserve, To cure myself and all who love me ? Nay A thousand times more good than I deserve, God gives me every day. Why should ! And in each one of these rebellious tears Kept bravely back he makes a rainbow shine, Grateful 1 take his slightest gift, no fears Nor doubts are mine, Dark clouds must clear, and when the clouds are past One golden day redeems a weary year, Patient I listen, sure that sweet at last ' Will sound his voice of cheer. Then vex me not I must be glad I grudge you not The powers of with chiding. Let me be, and faithful to the end, your cold and darkness me light befriend. Celia Thaxter. WHITTIER'S POEM ON PEACE. Thank God for rest where none molest, And none can make afraid, For Peace that sits as Plenty's guest Beneath the homestead shade ! Bring pike and gun, the sword's red scourge, The negro's broken chains. And beat them at the blacksmith's forge To ploughshares for our plains. Alike henceforth our hills of snow. And vales where cotton flowers; All streams that flow, all winds that blow, Are Freedom's motive-powerHenceforth to Labor's chivalry Be knightly honors paid; For nobler than the sword's shall be The sickle's accolade. Build up an altar to the Lord, O grateful hearts of ours And shape it of the greenest sward That ever drank the showers. Lay all the bloom of gardens there, And there the orchard fruits: Bring golden grain from sun and air, From earth her goodly roots. s. ! There let our banners droop and flow, The stars uprise and fall; Our roll of martyrs, sad and slow, Let sighing breezes call. Their names let hands? of horn and tan, And rough shod feet applaud, Who died to make the slave a man, And link with toil reward. There let the common heart keep time To such an anthem sung As never swelled on poet's rhyme. Or thrilled on singer's tongue. Song of our burden and relief, Of peace and long annoy; The passions of our mighty grief And our exceeding joy ! A song of faith that meets the end To match the good begun, Nor doubts the power of love to blend The hearts of men as one ! "Resolved, That the Society of the Daughters of the Revolution, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, cordially indorses the movement to rebuild the United States frigate, Constitution, and that it is desirable that individual members of the society shill assist by all means in their power in this great patriotic work." THE SEVEN RULES OF HARMONY. i. Make the sacred spirit of peace a living power in your life, and contribute all possible time, thought and money to its diffusion. 2. Never listen, without protest, to insinuations, vituperations, or unjust accusations against the members of your family and your fellow-citizen- s. Seek to understand the spirit of the national laws, and to obey those which exist; and to interest yourself fervently for the modification of all those which you consider tyrannize uselessly over any class of 3. citizens. 4 Dedicate your thought and use your influence to develop the national and patriotic spirit, and do not criticise without purpose the administration of the family and of the nation. 5. Treat all birds and beasts and all existences of the animal and vegetable world, with justness and gentleness. Do not desave for for the and stroy of the weak. Instead make it protection your object to plant, to nourish and to propogate all that will lead to the moral and physical amelioration of the family, the home and the nation. 6. Teach your children and your dependents what you may learn with regard to justice and peace, and seek to develop in them sentiments of harmony. Seek each day to utter some word, 7. or to perform some little action which may promote the cause of peace, whether at home or abroad. MISS ANTHONY IN PHILADELPHIA. Fully recovered from her recent illness Miss Susan B. Anthony enjoyed greeting several hundred persons at a reception given her in Philadelphia last week by the political science section of the New Century Club. The following concerning Miss Anthony in the Philadelphia Bulletin will be of interest to her man3r friends: "I feel new made," said Miss Anthony when she was seen at the home of her niece, Mrs. Helen Mosher James, 4716 t Windsor Avenue. The band that has so valiantly fought for the ballot box and for rights equal to those of men was very effeminately enMiss Anthony was adorning a gaged. black silk waist with black lace, and while the needle was industriously employed she talked. Miss Anthony showed but little evidence of her recent illness. Her heavy white hair was parted squarely in the centre and bunched flat across her broad brow. Her eyes twinkled behind her glasses as she entertainconversation. the ingly kept up I am campaigning no longer," "No, she said. "I am kept busy answering correspondence. So many women want me to give them pointers in speech writing that I am always engaged. "I read in your paper the other day of five girls winning scholarships. It did my heart good to learn that they were more than equal to the college men. Then I am sympathizing with the poor American girls who have gone to tte Philippines to The Philipino will be allowed to teach. vote and the teacher won't have that privilege. "I am watching Congress closely, too," gold-rimme- d 99 continued Miss Anthony. "Mrs. Catt and Miss Shaw, you know, have asked Congress for a congressional commission to investigate the subject of women's voting in Wyoming, Colorado, Utah and Idaho. Some men say that the women fail to vote. We want Congress to investigate, and we will accept the report of such a commision. The Filipino, Indian and liquor traffic have separate commissions. I don't see why the women cannot have one. ' 'I have been away from home two months now and must soon get back. Before I return, however, I shall visit Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton in New York. Mrs. Stanton will be eighty-seve- n years old on her next birthday. She is just four years older than I am." Woman's Journal. HERITAGE. Suggested by reading "Ascent of Man." Drummond's When the first man and woman had left the seclusion of the Garden, crossed the river of Possibility, and stood upon the shore of Time, ready for their onward journey toward Posterity, the Ar.gel of Opportunity appeared to them and said: "Man, make a prayer to Nature and Petition wisely, for whatsoever you Life. ask shall be the heritage of your sex for- ever." And the man thought and thought, then, looking up at the glowing sun, exclaimed: "O Nature, do not thrust your greatest throes upon me, nor persist in making me remember pain. " The angel said to the woman, "Pray thou also with wisdom." As the woman brought low her head she softly said: O Nature do not allow me Hold me to grow callous nor empty. close to the joys so few, the sorrows so many, that I may gain strength from each." Again the Angel bade the man pray, and once more he stood and looked toward "O Life, give the glowing sun saying: unload upon not Do me joy and pleasure: do not me the sorrows of others; open my Give me eyes to pangs I cannot assuage. aside sweets and the power to cast regret. "Sister," said the Angel, "pray." The women bent still lower and in a softer voice uttered her petition: "O Life, "Do not take away from me the memory of sorrow, the shell holding the kernel of joy; do not allow me to become blind to the debt 'I owe others. Make me tender; give a woman's portion, pain that I may attain my full stature." And that the Angel's promise might be redeemed, from that hour there was implanted in man the overmastering love of pleasure, and engrafted in the heart of woman the undying instincts of motherhood. New Lippincott. An American girl has been chosen to paint a portrait of Queen Alexandra during the coming season. She is Miss Ann West Shaw, a grandniece of Benjamin West, whose work first gave America a claim to Miss Shaw is a St. Louis girl. art. While in London a few months ago she painted a minature of the wife of Sir Stanley Clarke, chief equerry to King Edward. It is said that Lady Clarke's influence brought the young artist the commission to paint the Queen. 