WOMAN'S sons and daughters for future generations, to smooth the rough places and diffuse sunshine and sweetness, to bestow mercy and tenderness in the routine assigned to all mankind through the circumstances and environments in which their lot seemed to be cast. The old saying "man must work and woman must wait," might be arranged to read, "Woman must work while she waits for the wheels of progress to roll around. ' ' But that condition for her is now nearly over, and the time has come when she can lift up her voice and say, in the words of Solomon the wise man , ' Give her of the fruit of her hands, and let her own works praise her in the gates." have Civilization and enlightenment brook reached a phase that could no longer the somewhat dependent stage of woman's powers that had for centuries existed, and woman herself began gradually and perceptibly to throw off the lethargy in which she had become enveloped like a shroud, and to supplicate, entreat and sometimes to demand for herself and her sex, more privileges and a broader field in which to exercise her mental and moral forces and activities, and to teach this higher thought to others, diffusing the element of greater hope to her fellow women until the leaven thus generated, that was no larger than a grain of mustard seed gave new life and power to rise to all women who would partake of its influence; and many felt the divine afflatus, and the spirit of this awakening has become, as it were, general until man himself is more or less conscious of the strength of this seemingly immaterial yet intense vitality in woman that is permeating the world. Thousands of women have been praying for this day and age in which we live, and are now basking in its sunshine of progress and development; the prophets and seers of old, the sages and poets all down along the line have lifted their voices in anticipation of such a time, a day of freedom that has already begun to dawn; its roseate light of splendor js lighting up the everlasting hills of promise, and we see it drawing nearer. The faith of the many who thirsted for righteousness has so far prevailed that greater light has come into the world and broader charity and love is being disseminated, ttuth that will dispel the darkness of error; and bye and bye through the potent agencies now fermenting in nearly all lands, the blessed day of peace will hasten on, the universal brotherhood of man, the dream of the greatest, the best and wisest men and women of all the ages; and it will reach the climax of its fulfillment in the century that has just dawned. The inspiring influences that have been causing this uplifting are all in the program marked out for the children of our Father in heaven, let those who dare deny it I But as sure as the scriptures are true and they are true, so sure woman must be instrumental in bringing about the restoration of that equality which existed when the world was created, when the morning stars sang together and the sons of God shouted for joy. Woman was there in that harmonious gathering, endowed with all her pristine purity and loveliness, and shared with man the honors of that momentous occasion. The scriptures teach that God created man in His own image, male and female created He them, and said unto them "Be fruitful grid multiply and replenish the earth and. EXPONENT- - subdue it, and have dominion over every living thing that moveth upon the earth." Perfect equality then, and so it must be when all things are restored as they were in the beginning. It is this spirit stirring within woman that is to bring her back again to that primeval state that existed in the Garden of Eden. It is the song of the poets ringing down the ages, and. as it were, the echoes of the divine music of a far-oregion of sublime hopes and aspirations that had lingered in the soul without power of expression, a dim memory of something far distant, call it by what name you will, it is an incentive to higher thought an ideal, a superb height of excellence towards which we are climbing, slowly, may be, but surely. Christ has given us the pattern, and He has told us to love one another, given as a divine com: mandment, and it is this great universal love that will eventually redeem the world. It is not the few whose path in life is to be made easy, but it is the masses from all lands and among all peoples who must come up to this standard of excellence given by our Savior, the Golden Rule, "Do unto others as ye would they should do unto you;" and when men and women keep this law, then will come the time of "Peace on earth, good will to all mankind," and let it be in this century, when the inspired poet Tennyson's wcrds shall come to pass. ff . "For I dipt into the future, far as human eye could see, Saw the vision of the world and all the wonder that would be. Till the war-dru- And the m battle-flag- s throbbed no longer were furl'd, In the parliament of man the Federation of the world." E. B. W. LAQIES' SEMI-MONTHL- Y MEETING, The Ladies' y Meeting was held in the 14th ward hall, February 1, 1902, Counselor E. J. Stevenson presiding. Singing, "For the strength of the hills we bless Thee." Prayer by Sister Margaret Steele. Singing, "Our God we raise to Thee." The minutes of last meeting read and accepted. Sister Stevenson said she felt blessed in She had been to coming to meeting. Ogden to the birthday of Sister Jane S. Richards, they had a nice time. Urged the sisters to do their duty as teachers, as it was a grand calling and a great privilege. Spoke of the time being too short to do what she would like to do, felt a desire to visit the poor and urged the sisters to come to meeting. Sister Squires felt the Lord had blessed her. Wished to do all the good she could. Sister Saunders enjoyed coming to meeting. Other sisters in the congregation bore their testimony to the truth of the Gospel and felt to thank the Lord for the blessings they had received. Sister Agnes Jones said she had a testiShe had visited these mony to bear. meetings ever since the first organization, was always pleased to see the teachers come to her house. Sister Mary A. Hardy thought every one ought to bear a testimony. She felt it a great blessing to come to meeting, and two sisters said they were pleased to come to these meetings., They felt well in doing thejr duty, and felt glad they were teachers Semi-Monthl- in the Relief Society. Thought we could for the Lord. not do too much Sister Anderson felt thankful to the Lord and hoped always to prove faithful. Sister Sarah Stanley spoke of the great affliction of losing the use of her arm, but by the use of the oil and the blessing of the Loid it was restored again. Urged the young sisters to come to meeting. Counselor Sarah Jane Cannon appreciated coming to meeting, spoke of the teachers coming out and doing their duty. We all ftel well in doing our duty, she thought that in other churches many of the members attend to theii meetings better than we do. She felt the time was too short to waste and urged all to strive to do their duty, for we are all responsible for our own part. Sister Knox bore her testimony to the truthfulness of the Gospel. Knew Joseph Smith was a Prophet of God. Stake Counselor J. E. Taylor spoke of the gift of healing, of the faith of a little boy in healing by administration through the teachings of his mother. Urged all to have faith in the Lord, in case of sickness to call upon Him in faith and He would heal them. Urged all to cultivate the of spirit healing, said the duties of the Elders wheji called upon to administer was to rebuke the disease. Advised the sisters to have sympathy for one another. President Angus M. Cannon thought when praying to the Lord we often asked for things that we did not nted, the Lord knows best. Spoke of several circumstances of sickness in his family, of the blessing oi the Lord through faith and administration, of the differences in having faith in the Lord and faith in the doctor. When we ask the Lord to bles s the sick we should say, "Thy will be done." We will be pleased when we all get through and all rejoice together. Sister Margaret Hull was set apart as treasurer of the Salt Lake Relief Society, President Angus M. Cannon officiating. Sister Hull then sang, "One Bright Crown for Me." Sister Stevenson thanked Presidents Cannon and Taylor for coming to visit us. Meeting adjourned tor four weeks. Benediction by President Cannon. Amelia Wardrop, Sec. DR. THOMAS DUNN ENGLISH DEAD. Dr. Thomas Dunn English died at Newark, N. J., on Tuesday, April 1. Dr. English was a writer of some note, was widely known as the author of "Ben Bolt." He was born in Philadelphia in 18 19 and was graduated from the University of Pennsylvania as a doctor of medicine in 1839. Later he studied law and was admitted to the Philadelphia bar. He engaged in journalism in New York from 1844 to 1859, when he came to Newark to practice medicine. He was a member of the New Jersey legislature in 1863 and 1864. He served two terms in the Congress from New Jersey. No one need despair of a chance so long as God has any tomorrows left James Buckham. There is no sex in truth, patriotism, inO. telligence or justice, Judge W. , EwiNg, . 