WOMAN'S EXPONENT COMMISSIONED. ''Do their errands ; enter into the sacra fie e with them; be a link yourself in the divine chain, and feel the joy and life of it.,' Not much, but very sweet to give; And it is grief of griefs to bear That all these ministries are o'er, And thou, so happy, love, elsewhere, Dost need me nevermore. Whose feet so little while ago Trod the same wayside dust with mine, And now up paths I do not know Speed without sound or sign ? And I can do for thee but this: Working on blindly, knowing not (If I may give thee pleasure so;; Out of my own dull shadowed lot I can arise, and go What can I do ? The perfect life All fresh and fair and beautiful Has opened its wide arms to thee; and full; Thy cup is remains for me. Nothing To sadder lives and darker homes, A messenger, dear heart, from thee Who wast on earth a comforter; And say to those who welcome me, I am sent forth by her. I used to do so many little things; Feeling the while how good it is To do thy errands thus, and think It mar be, in the blue, far space. Thou watchest from the heaven's brink, A smile upon thy face. What can I do for thee, beloved, over-brimm- Love thee and chide thee and caress; Brush little straws from off thy way. Tempering with my poor tenderness The heat of thy short day. ii And when the days work ends with day, And evening, stealing in, Waves her cool hand to flj ing noon, xnd restless, surging thoughts begin, Like sad bells out of tune, star-eye- d I'll pray, "Dear Lord, to whose great love, is set, Nor bound nor limit-lin- e Give to my darling, I implore, Some new, sweet joy, not tasted yet. For I can give no more." And, with the words, my thoughts shall climb With following feet tte heavenly stair Up which thy steps so lately speed, And seeing thee so happy there, Come back half comforted. Susan Coolidge. Rev. Anna H. Shaw will take a prominent part in the State Suffrage rally to be held at Ocean Grove, N. J. vfepiitrj iiilpf i ; r t ' V:..' Klolse Burton Sylvia Compton KthelDavis Leone Asper Ida Standing Charlotte Wetzel Cora Keiser Mmnle Lambert Helen Kimball Hazel Karuley Dessle Grant M.iry I'owell May Taylor Margaret Cowley May Morrison Zlna McKae We are sure our readers will feel glad to see the faces of these young girl students beaming upon them when they open the paper. These young ladies show in the expression of their countenances the faith and hope that will help them forward to success if they Saints have of the continue in the course marked out for their progress by their parents and teachers. What promise the Latter-dafuture of Zion in the growth of wisdom and intelligence, perceptible in the Universities and schools established by the Church of Jesus Saints. The underlying principles of life and salvation that the world at large is reaching out after, lies in the Christ of Latter-daWhat grand opportunities are afforded our children, and how little they realize the seeds of truth taught in these very schools. Let us hope and if attainments splendid they might reach, they would but take advantage of the glorious privileges thus accorded. be as sons that of "our in fulfilled the be Psalmist of children the plants grown up in the clay, may believe that the saying present may their youth; that our daughters may be as corner-stonepolished after the similitude of a palace." y y s, L. D. S LADIES DEPARTMENT. We publish in this issue two more pictures of representative groups of lady Saints' Universtudents of the Latter-dafor Work this of girls has a city. sity, of this curriculum prominent place in the said be that institution, and it cannot in any respect the provision made for distinctively ladies' work is excelled by that for men. The L D. S. University now a provides complete normal Kindergarten for the training of Primary and Kindergarten teachers. This course extends through four years and is intended solely for lady students. Another distinctive girls' course is that of domestic science, in which the economics of the home and the theory and y practice of good housekeeping occupy a prominent place in the training given. The nature and extent of this work may be seen by the list of subjects that comprise its special training, as follows: household economics, drawing and designing, for women, home sanitation, household management, aesthetics, handstitch-iug- , dressmaking, lectures on cooking, practice in cooking and science cf nutrition Each of these is a separate subject, for which separate teachers, rooms and apparatus are provided, and actual work given according to the most approved methods. Culture is not excluded by the purely practical, however, and the course includes literature, science, art and one foreign hy-giet- ie It is a practical course language, French. which has beau laid out with great care to train th? mind and the hand at the sme time, and we congratulate our girls upon bavin? such opportunities as are now being put There were about 500 girls before them at this institution last year and the coming season will no doubt show a still larger attendance. Many of the girls that took and stenograthe courses in now are last filling responsible year phy and lucrative positions in this city. But the new courses above mentioned, which are now offered for the first time, are of such merit that we feel justified in calling the attention of our young ladies to some of the opportunities thus presented to them. book-keepin- g 