WOMAN'S EXPONENT. He will speak peace unto His paople." Let those who live in perilous times speak peace, eing the songs ot peace, pray earnestThose who proiess to be the ly for peace, of the followers Savior, the Prince of Peace, should be men and women of peace, not in words only but in deeds. Speed the time when there shall be no more slaying of men nor ot any living thing. MISS HUNT'S VISIT. Miss Sarah E. Hunt, of Salem, Mass , on her trip westwaid paid a flying visit to of the Revolution in this city. Arriving here eaily Monday mora28. she was met at the denot ine. AdhI bv i. o "J Mrs. Julia F. Lund and Miss Mabelle Snow and escorted to Mrs. P. T. Farns-worth- 's residence where breakfast was Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith, waiting. Mrs. E. B. Wells and Mrs. Clarissa Smith Williams were Mrs. Farnsworth's guests to meet Miss Hunt at breakfast. Afterwards an informal meeting was neia in me pariors mat were decorated with the colonial colors, etc The regent, Mrs. Clarissa S. Williams, in the chair. Prayer was offered by Mrs. B. W. Smith and the speaker was introduced by the resent, who mentioned that Miss Hunt had just arrived from Denver where she had attended the biennial of the D. R. and had been elected First General of the D. R. General Society, consequently this was her first meeting in her new official capacity. Miss Hunt gave a sort of resume of the recent biennial at Denver, the various excursions planned, the pleasure of the delegates and a general idea of what had been accomplished, explained her idea of the legitimate work of the D. R., and spoke of the sisterly feeling which should exist among the women thus banded together. Felt we must do vital patriotic work in the line of good citizenship, educating the masses for future usefulness, and meantime in every possible way depleting the criminal classes among the young. The speaker was enthusiastic on the subject of Junior classes and Mr. George's Republic at Freeville, N. Y., said it had worked admirably and attracted great attention from educators and men and women engaged in reformatary work. The plan is to assist in taking poor boys from the streets and giving them opportunities to help themselves in industrial pursuits, and the motto is, "Nothing Without Labor," and to make labor honorable. They make their own laws, the girls vote as well as the boys, and they have a court where those who do wrong are tried, smoking is one of the things for which they are tried. Some very incorrigible boys have been redeemed through the methods enforced there and the results as a In the whole have been gratifying. the heard never had who Republic boys of lessons word duty are taught practical is affair The entirely their duty to others. unsectarian and is practically those living there pay in work for everything they have a nominal price. It is something on the plan of Hull House, although it is not for adults only juniors. Almost all kinds of trades are taught, also and a gardening; there is a printing press on the newspaper is published by the boys grounds. ,, At the close of Miss Hunt's "talK the Daughters Vice-Preside- nt g, ioi "America," was sung by the ladies, Miss gether for social is to confer Alice Farnsworth playing the accompani- a real benefit as wellenjoyment as pleasure. ment, and benediction was pronounced. Hand grasps hand, eye lights eye in good friendIntroductions and good byes and a hurried ship, leave taking and expressions of good And great hearts expand, and grow one in the sense of this world's life. fellowship and an urgent invitation to the honored guest to vistt us again. There were about thirty ladies present. SILK CULTURE. Mrs. Wells and Mrs. Lund accompanied is a valuable article, either in its Silk Miss Hunt to the station to take the train culture or that it does not for Los Angeles, she will return to Boston stand out asmanufacture; one of the leading industries by the Canadian route. She expects to of our State today is a silent reproach to stop at Spokane and other cities and do the intelligence, the industry, the patience some organizing of the Daughtors of the of its people, as for many hundred years Revolution before returning home. the silk worm has been inextricably associated among the industrial types of highly refined people attaining the upper strata of ENTERTAINMENT AT BEE HIVE. culture and civilization; the adornment, the luxury and the fountains of wealth to Wednesday, April 8, 1902, Sister Julina nations who have lifted themselves above L. Smith entertained the officers and Board the pursuit of those coarser iudustrial avoof Directors of the National Woman's cations of mankind. It is the jewel of the Relief Society and a few invited guests at agricultural diadem with which the Bee Hive House, assisted by a com- great has crowned itself, as a splendid mittee from the Board: Sisters Emily S. society of its achievements in testimony Richards, Julia P. M. Farnsworth and its conflict with thehighest coarse habits and tastes Phebe Y. Beatie. which have retarded communities in their A delicious luncheon was served and the aim at refinement. social intercourse was delightfully pleasant. In the early days of our country Silk Among the guests who were not mem- Culture was the amusement of our grandbers of the General Board were Sisters mothers. Before the Revolution the Martha Smith Harris, of Provo, Sarah woven and splendidly colored Richards Smith and Edna L. Smith, of smoothly made by those venerable women gowns this city. All the members of the Board were the pride of the household, and the of Directors were present excepting Helena of their homespun-clarivals; and envy E. Madsen, of Gunnison, Harriet M. of raw silk sent to our consignments Brown, of Kanab, Martha A. Cannon, mother country at one time inspired the Washington, D. C, and Lucy S. Cardon, hope that the means had been found to of Logan, Utah. thwart her hereditary enemy, France. Yet An enjoyable afternoon was passed and all these efforts sank into oblivion, and the ladies were happy in having the oppor- our country yielded the main-sprin- g which tunity of social conversation and inter- has proven to be a powerful agent in the change of ideas, which helps to create spread of commerce. union of effort in philanthropic work. We can almost say that Nature has Thanks to Sister Julina L- Smith for the planted the mulberry in the valleys among our high mountains, and has accompanied happy occasion. it with a climate so thoroughly adapted to the silk worm; that the intelligence and A SOCIAL AFTERNOON. skill of our women should apply it to their A social gathering or party was given improvement, and no time will ever be better than the present to avail ourselves by Sisters Sarah J., Martha T. and Carlie of the opportunity to establish our own silk Y. Cannon, on Tuesday, April 22 ult., to and the hope that perhaps in the industry, about fifty ladies at the residence of C. Y. we future might throw off a dependence The handsome hall, parlors and Cannon. costs our country more which annually dining room were beautifully decorated than of dollars, challenges millions eighty and the company was of a social nature, silk a trial of the to us industry. conversation enlivening, interspersed with As a result of the work which has been etc. music, songs, done since the appointment of our ComLittle Miss Ann Cannon gave some mission, we are able to give the followhumorous recitations, Miss Vera Cannon, ing table which we hope will prove an imwho has a fine voice, sang, in her best petus to many in the State to set out trees style, songs old and new. Miss Hester and utilize the leaves of those already Cannon, a skillful musician, favored the. grown, so they may gain an understanding company with some choice piano music of the work, and that the production of the and Mrs. Annie Wells Lannon gave a coming year may greatly exceed that of favorite recitation and the hours flew the past. Two hundred mulberry trees swiftly by. will grow very well on two acres of land. A delicious luncheon was served in the A good medium sized tree will jield 150 spacious dining room, large enough to pounds of leaves, which will give 30,000 bister M. isaDena pounds on two acres. As it takes sevenseat all the guests, Horne, the oldest lady present, pronounced teen pounds of leaves to make one pound of The tables were prettily fresh cocoons, 30,006 pounds will give the blessine-- . decorated with flowers and a happy feeling 1,765 pounds of fresh cocoons. The 1,765 pervaded the company, who all seemed to pounds of fresh cocoons will make 600 to enjoy the appetizing viands. pounds of dried cocoons, which, if of good intercourse social aie of Such hours quality, are worth $600 at once; if they can be reeled by the same people the silk will other each to endear good for all, and and those whose time is so occupied in be worth $1200. The expenses of cultivating two acres in everyday pursuits that they have little op portunity to meet and greet neignoors anu trees, feeding the worms, etc., may be To bring congenial friends to stated as follows: friends. d - , 