WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 3 Portland people in honor of their guests. Mrs. Dusenberry made an address at one of the sessions, and was warmly applauded, and afterwards invited to a seat on the platform by the International President, Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt. Mrs. Dusenberry remained in Portland after Mrs. Beatie's return, and attended the Conference of Charities and Corrections, to which both ladies had been appointed by Gov. Cutler. Mrs. Dusenberry reports enjoying the meetings of the Conference very much, and having had excellent opportunities of speaking and reporting the work of the Woman's Relief Society among our people, and being treated with the greatest kindness and courtesy; and that she has learned much by knowing of other methods of benevolent work, and has sown some good among those with whom she conversed, at any rate removed much prejudice from the minds of those who had been blinded by false statements and misrepresentation. We visited and admired all the Fair R. S. REPORTS. buildings, the Utah building being visited PANGUITCH STAKE. oftenest, I suppose as Mr. Spencer Claw-so- n The Relief Society conference of the kindly invited the Utah people to be home at in this perfectly Panguitch Stake convened in Escalante, building. The mineral exhibit from Utah is es- May 25, 1905, commenced in the usual pecially fine, as is also the educational manner; Counselor Alice J. Cameron preexhibit. Six wards were represented. siding. As our days were spent in visiting the Sisters Minnie Loveland Snow and Jodifferent buildings, our evenings were sephine West, who were visiting the spent on the Trail, enjoying immensely Primary conference, both spoke encourthe many shows it has to offer. agingly to the sisters; Sister Alice J. CamBesides seeing the Fair and all its at- eron gave a few closing remarks. Contractions thoroughly, we enjoyed a num- ference then adjourned until some future ber of other trips. day, and closed in the usual manner. This is a very short report, but on acThe Utah party with the members of of so count the California Press were the guests of meetings to be held at the Portland Board of Trade in a trip that conference we were only allowed up the Columbia river to Collin's Springs one short meeting. and return. This was indeed a fine Margare H. Haycock, Secretary. trip; on both sides of the river rose maENSIGN STAKE. jestic mountains covered with pines, and on one side were numerous waterfalls. The Relief Society conference of EnWe passed through the Locks, that wonstake convened on Friday, June 30, sign derful piece of engineering which cost the the first annual conference and 1905, A TRIP TO PORTLAND WITH THE PRESS government such an immense sum of was held in the 12th ward chapel with a CLUB, money, and which made it possible for large crowd of workers in attendance. It would be hard to find a jollier party steamers to pass through a portion of the Members of the stake presidency also than the Utah Press Association on their river otherwise unnavigable. of the General Relief Society Board were As we would not reach our destination recent trip to Portland and the Fair. present. On Monday evening, June 19th, we till the afternoon, delicious refreshmtnts The musical numbers were very fine. took the train for Portland. There were were served on the steamer, and when Instrumental selections by Sisters Kate in the party old people, young people, we reached Collin's Springs an elegant Romney Stewart and Lizzie Thomas dinner was served to over two hundred were much and middle aged people, mostly newspaper appreciated, as were the vocal peoplewomen. and men solos of Margaret C. S, Hull. Elma Young This little resort (Collin's Springs) and Olea All day Tuesday we were speeding shipp. would be an ideal place to spend the of Sister Augusta W. Grant gave an excelthrough Idaho with its great plains sage brush and here and there patches summer facing the broad Columbia river lent talk on Japan, after which Sister E. of green. We followed the course of and having at its back the high B. Wells spoke of the magnitude of the the Snake river a great deal, and had a mountains. Relief Society work, including nurses Ont he return trip we had an imprompbeautiful view of the American Falls in work, etc. Counselor Annie T. Hyde tu program, the Utah people taking their talked about the Relief Society bureau that river. of and showing their talent in a musical for the protection of young Wednesday morning we were all up part employment oratorical way. We arrived quite early, as we wished to see the sun as well as in an girls coming from the country to work. about our at hotel midnight, after having come up from behind the mountains and Remarks were made also by Dr. M. C behold its first rays on the Columbia spent one of the most enjoyable days im- - Roberts, Hon. W. W. Riter, President Richard W. river, and I can assure you it was a aginable. Counselor S. This trip was up the river, and through Wells, and Young,others. The Joseph beautiful sight. As we sped along tomany speakers wards Portland, following directly the the courtesy of the Astoria and Columbia eulogized Relief Society work and the course of the river, we passed immense River Railroad officials we were enabled value of organized effort for charity. river through A substantial luncheon was served to fishing wheels; the Columbia river is to take a trip down the of Columbia the mouth the the Astoria, impast all the famous for its salmon, and between sessions by the and out to Seaside on the Pacific coast. stakecongregation, mense wheels we saw are used for catchofficers. The scenery all along was beautiful, Annie Kay Hardy, Sec. ing that fish. and when we reached Seaside we went to We left the course of the Columbia at EMERY STAKE. a point about three hours' ride from the Moore hotel, which is situated on the Pacific ocean. out on the beach, looking Portland, and passed through a beautiful A The Emery Stake Relief Society confew of our party indulged in the country, very tall mountains on both sides but as it was rather cold most of ference was held at Cleveland June 6, covered with pines and ferns, with every A. Sorenson presiding. President here and there beautiful little waterfalls us were content to wander along the beach There wereMary present all the Relief Society pick up shells. bounding down their sides. We crossed and The street-ca- r system in Portland is stake officers and Sisters P. Y. Beatie and the Willamette river at East Portland company P. Smith from the General Board. Presand arrived at the Union Depot at about very good, and the street-ca-r sight-seeia on Utah took the trip ident R. G. Miller, Bishop Oveson and a party 10:30 a-number of other brethren were also preswhich was a all along the city, courtesy Immediately on our arrival in Portland greatly enjoyed and highly appreciated ent. we were met by a committee, who tenThere was also a good attendance of dered the party (through Mr. D. P. Felt, by all participating. sisters from the several wards, ten the certainof Utah The Press Association who was in charge,) all the privileges of Relief Society branches being represently had a fine trip; on every hand we were the Fair. Excellent ed. reports were given by the' well treated; just showing our Utah badgMost of the party stayed at the Ameritreatrespective presidents. can Inn a fine hotel inside the Fair es seemed to insure our courteous Two lectures from the mothers' work welcome. us make and ment grounds, and here the Utah people were were given by Sisters Mclntyre of Price Especial thanks are due to Mr. D. P. and Ruth very well treated; indeed, we were shown McRae of Huntington, entitled for courtesies wherever we went, Mr, D. P. Felt, who had the partyhein charge, and "Girlhood." 'Reverence" took care of Felt in his pleasing way, arranging many the able way in which Brief, though very instructive, addresseverybody and everything, treating every good times for all of us. es were given by Pres. Mary A. Sorenson, each one enjoy The Fair grounds are ideally situated, one alike and making Sisters Beatie and Smith, Bishop Ovepossible to the utmost. being on a beautiful lagoon surrounded everything could be more pleasant for a son, President R. G. Miller, and Sisters Nothing by mountains covered with pines and summer rest, or wedding trip than Maria Allen and Maria Guymon on subferns; the grounds themselves consisting a visit toouting, Portland and the Fair and sur- jects relating to Relief society work. of sloping lawns and beautiful floweSister Emelia Jones of Castledale renrbedsfor Portland, as you know, is noted rounding country. L. B. C. . dered a beautiful solo and the singing for its roses. . m-an- fir-cl- ad surf-bathin- g, ng 4 1 