WOMAN'S A DREAM OF AGE. BY MAUD BAGGARLEY. Graudmothtr sits alone in the sun And watches the leaves fall one by one, And thinks, as the wind bears each away, Of the friends she loved in the yesterday. The husband and babes sleep under the mould And youth and love, like a "tale that is told" Have Ions; since vanished into tne past And the dream of the present is fleeing fast, But the sun, the wind, the rain of today Beat only upon a house of clay, Back, lar back, in the realm of the past In the palace of dreams she dwells at last. MY SENTIMENTS. Lord grant me grace from day to day, And strength to do Thy will, Oh may I.walk in wisdom's way, And all Thy laws fufiill. And when my days on earth expire, Dear Lord, remember me, For its my soul's sincere desire That where Ihou art, there I may be. And join with all the heavenly host, To sing sweet songs of praise, To Father, Son and Holv Ghost, In never ending days, M E. R. L. ADDRFSS OF BATHSHEBA W, SMITH. Read at the Large Tabernacle. Salt Lake City, March 17, 1892. My Dear Brothers and Sisters: I rejoice that I have lived to see this day the Jubilee of our Relief Society. Fifty years ago this day our beloved Joseph Smith' organized the Relief Society in Nauvoo. After the organization was perfected, and the president, Sister Emma Smith, and her counselors, Sister Whitney and Sister Cleveland, had taken their seats upon the stand, eighteen members were admitted. , Hundreds joined the Society within a El year. ' EXPONENT 35 LETTER FROM KENTUCKY. GOVERNERS ON WOMAN SUFFRAGE. Mrs. E. B. Wells: Dear Sister: I received your most kind and welcome missive yester eve. We were glad to have a word from you, and also that you had received the payment for the Woman's Exponent, for I love to read it. It is a help to me in various ways. No, ma'am, I do not see the Elders very often; but am very glad to see them when I do. There are not enough members in this part of the country for the Elders to visit, or for any of them to come often. You will please continue to send the Woman's Exponent to Cisney. I have a son there who takes my mail out of the office and keeps it for me till I go home. My present address is only temporary. I am teaching school and will be here only a few months. Yes, Brother Smith sent me the receipt for the money received for the paper. Thanks to you for sending the same. I am a widow and have to make a living the best I can. I have been working and trying to get to Zion about twenty years, and have nor succeeded vet. I am so very anxious to come to Zion and visit the temple and receive the holy ordinances of the same. I thought I had arrangements made so I could get there this next year; but, alas! disappointment has come to my expected plans. I often wonder and think why is it that I cannot get there, Then I think perhaps, I am not living just as I ought, so I would be permitted to go and receive those holy ordinances. I am really desirous to receive the patriarchal blessing from the hands of the patriarch, also the blessings from the higher ordinances of the Church. I do not know what to do more than I have done, only to stand still and try to pray for help continually. I feel so very weak in the spirit and faith that I do not know what to do at all, You may say I am all alone in the Gospel Brother Joseph met with us many times as best I can in my own and gave us much counsel and valuable weak way. instruction. He said: "Every virtuous Now desiring the prayers of the Saints woman should belong to this Society. The also of President Smith that I may have organization is not only for the purpose faith and intelligence, and be strengthof administering to the sick and afflicted, ened in body and mind in all things, that is save I may be able to do a great work in the poor and the needy, but it to souls. If the sisters come before the everything that is right for me to do. also Lord in humility and faith and lay hands if I still continue to teach school, to have upon the sick, and the Lord heals them, wisdom, understanding, knowledge, and intelligence; also all the qualnone should find fault. If ye are pure in, all things, nothing on earth or in heaven ities I need to make me successful at all can hinder the angels from associating times in everything my heavenly Father would have me do. I desire to say at with you." At one meeting he said he would not all times and places, "Not my will but be with us much longer to instruct us. Thine be done, O my Father in heaven." This made us all feel sad. His words But I often think how weak and frail the soon came to pass, and wrung our hearts poor weak creature of the earth is, and with sorrow and grief for the great loss that we can do nothing at all of ourselves, we had sustained in losing our dearly bebut all our strength must come from our loved Prophet for a true prophet I know Father in heaven through His Son Jesus he was. Christ. It has been a "labor of love." The sick Now, dear sisters and brethren, one cast and destitute have been blessed, the and all, pray for me that I may be able down have been comforted, and the Lord to do my Father's will at all times, and has filled our hearts with joy and peace. be more and more obedient, relying Let us take renewed courage and be wholly on Him in all things, and live in more united and earnest in this great word and deed, action and thought, to do His holy will, so that I may be able to work; and if anyone has ill feelings towards another, banish them and make receive the many blessings He has in store for me. Now, hoping to hear from this a jubilee in very deed. ' May the choicest of Heaven's blessings you soon, I remain, N. C D. rest upon all Israel is my prayer, in the Oct. 30, 1905, name of Jesus. Amen, here,-fightin- pa-tian- ce A letter was latply sent from the National Suffrage Headquarters to the Governor of each State and Territory, asking how he stood on woman suffrage. Answers were received from 35. Three as themselves frankly expressed opposed, six were too busy to give a detailed opinion, and several were Among those expressing themselves in favor were Gov. W. L- Douglas of Massachusetts, who wrote: "I am on record as non-committ- al. - a member of the Legislature of 1883, 1884, and 1886 as favoring the suffrage for wo- men." Gov. Robert M. La Follette of Wiscon"In reply to your question as to whether I believe in the principle of woman suffrage, I reply in the affirmasin wrote: tive." Gov. George C. Pardee of California wrote: "I see no reason why women simply because they are women should not have the privilege of the suffrage." Gov. John H. Johnson of Minnesota wrote: "I am a thorough believer in woman suffrage." Gov. John H. Mickey of Nebraska: "When I was in the Nebraska Legislature, twenty-fou- r years ago, I voted "aye" on the submission of a suffrage amendment to the voters of Nebraska. I have never had occasion since to change my views." Gov. W. C. Blanchard of Louisiana: "When the intelligent women of Louisiana, or a majority of them, make a demand for woman suffrage, men holding the opinions I do would not resist the demand for it." Gov. George E. Chamberlain of Oregon: "I hope that this State will give women the ballot, and I hope that every State will doit." Gov. Hoch of Kansas: "Municipal suffrage in Kansas has worked no ill to womanhood or to the State, and it seems to be satisfactory to the people. Let the man who thinks his mother, wife, sister or sweetheart cannot contribute as much virtue and intelligence to government as he can, vote to disfranchise them. I think better than that of the women who are near and dear to me, and of women in general hence I vote the other way. "Again, taxation without representation is wrong in theory and practice, and opposed to the genius of our government. Gov. F. R. Gooding of Idaho: "I am very strongly in favor of woman suffrage, and regret that I have not time to tell you all the benefit it has been to Idaho poli- tics." Gov. John C. Cutler of Utah: "I have been for a long time, and still am, convinced that it is both right and desirable for women to have the privilege of the suffrage. Utah has been an equal suffrage State ever since Statehood was granted, and my observation has led me to believe that the results of giving the franchise to the women have been beneficial-Gov. Jesse F. McDonald of Colorado: "I am a firm believer in the principle of woman suffrage-Governor Brooks, of Wyoming: "Wyoming holds the distinction of being the original Territory and State to grant equal rights to women, and we have never had reason to regret our action in that matter, as woman suffrage here has been uniformly successful and materially helped in placing our politics on a higher plane," " " 