WOMAN'S KXl'UNKNT the work they do there is very important, and has been very effective, she gave a and carry on the work; thought the ward conferences were a great benefit in getgood account of the meetings and the ting the society work before the people, spread of the Gospel. hoped that every woman in Zion would President Addie Cazier of the Juab have her name enrolled, "because it is a Stake said they had taken up the Book roll of honor;" prayed we might increase of Mormon since they got through the in numbers and have the blessing of the mothers' work, she testified it had been a Lord to help us in our labors. President Margaret A- Romney felt it blessing, they were anxious the young mothers should join the society. a great honor to represent the Ensign President Ann St. George stake, for it was in a thriving condition. referred to the Stake, great distances She used to think the 20th ward was the in had to travel they visiting a thousand best society, now she thought the seven miles and not a mile of railroad, they branches were all the best; they had were very proud of their Stake, much grand lectures on mother's work, Sister credit is due the people for energy and Romney spoke highly of all the work in perseverance, they had a good opening in the stake and of the help and support the the Muddy Valley, she had great hopes of Relief society was to the Bishops, and that country, the Lord had blessed them, the appreciation they expressed of its - etc. benefits. Solo by Sister Lizzie Thomas Edward, Sister E. B. Wells spoke on the spirit of Relief Society work, giving her views "The Divine Redeemer," music by Gounod. of the importance of entering into it with President Sarah A. Colton was glad to one's whole soul, felt it was a wonderful be present and sorry not to have been development for the sisters, the greatest able to attend with us on Thursday; said and grandest organization of women in she had been called to preside in the the world. stake a year ago last May, but had been Smith ' Sister Julina L. ,uke upon President in Vernal ward sixteen years; "Business Methods in the home," Sister had a desire to assist in the upbuilding of Smith discussed this subject in all its the society and to minister to the disphases; asked the question, "What does tressed and those bowed down with sorit take to establish any kind of business?" row and trials. They were reading chapUnion and order, everyone should have ters from the Bible and giving Book of a share in the home, to do some of the Mormon lectures in the society meetings, work; each one doing the part allotted to the sisters asking questions; they had tesher, etc. thought there was a very great timony bearing, and were striving to difference between economy and stingi- make some progress; she was interested ness, spoke particularly upon the art of in saving grain, thought some had been bread making., and gave many useful, wasted because of not having places to keep it secure. suggestiye hints on housekeeping. President Alice T. Call, Star Valiey Sister Margaret C. Hull sang a solo, minor has a "There is no song but stake, said in that stake they were in a strain," "The Echo." very scattered condition, some sisters two and three and some six miles walk of the present Choir sang "The trials to attend meetings. The attendance did day," etc. Benediction, President Annie S. Musser. not average half the membership, but she Conference continued in the Salt Lake had great charity for those who did not Assembly Hall, Monday, October 9, com- attend, because she knew the circummencing at 2 p.m., President Bathsheba stances; it was not a grain country, the W. Smith presiding. Singing, (Sister wheat was often frozen before it was ripe, and generally speaking the people had to d Lizzie Thomas Edward having to take charge of the singing.) buy their flour; the Bishops all realize "Come let us anew," prayer by Sister the benefits of the Relief Society. President Annie S. Musser, of Liberty Mary A. C. Lambert, singing "Redeemer of Israel." stake, gave an excellent report of the in that stake, and how much the work in B. her President W. Smiith, opening sisters most all enjoyed their labors, praised the cordially, remarks, welcomed felt it a great pleasure to see the large teachers, and spoke enthusiastically of in general, and congregation of sisters, wished she could the work of the Church and all who sisters the blessed presiding take every one by the hand, but that in the were glorious work of the laboring would take too long; she felt a great love latter in these Lord days; rejoiced in all for them, and a desire to know each one for the upbuilding of done personally; spoke of her feelings when- that was being earth. in the ever she heard the hymn, "Redeemer of Zion Sister Emily J. Anderson, late president Israel," it reminded her of the time when of they were wandering on the desert land, of Tooels stake, reported the affairs in as there good being she and her sister, they had been sent the Relief Society from the state, and felt indeed they were condition; she had visited around the wanderers and in sorrow, for the Prophet stake recently; a number of quilts had Joseph was in prison, and no one knew been made and sold to good advantage, what would transpire it was a time of and some given to the poor, the money sadness. "I feel to bless yuu all, and say used to build with of those sold, felt the Peace be unto you and in your homes, society was doing a good work. Sister Rebecca E. Little gave an in and may we all prove faithful and true." Pusident Annie Wells Cannon report- structive lecture on the "Life of Christ," ed the Relief Society of the Pioneer stake which we may hereafter publish in brief for the first time, though they were or- if not in complete form. President B. W. Smith, at the close of ganized a year ago last April, spoke of of Little's lecture, related an incident Sister ficers' meetings being well attended, life. She said once when she own in her Home and her thought President M. real was sick, the Prophet Joseph came had left the branches in such see her; she was too bashful to ask order, that it had been comparatively easy to for those coming after them to take hold him to administer to her, but as he left ; gracious-consente- I- - co-labor- ers 39 he laid his hand on her head and she was healed and got up well. Dr. Romania B. Penrose spoke upon "Loyalty." Said to her the word had a golden sound, felt that it is a great thing to be true; in the family loyalty should stand guard and each one true to the other, and not allow the failings in the home to go out. Referred to the course pursued by some mothers of telling their boys' bad actions; felt it was a bad practice; the boy's faults should be kindly reproved aside, not corrected before others. In our Relief Society we should be true and sustain each other, and be loyal. I sometimes wonder if we are as loyal as we ought to be to each otherIt is our bounden duty to priy earnestly for our beloved president, Sister Bathsheba and her counselors, and all who work with her. It s a pleasure to listen to those who can stand up and say, I knew the Prophet Joseph Smith, and we hope Sister Smith may live many years to tell us of him, for he was a prophet and a wonder. Now we are all filled with loyalty to him and the work he established. Think of the sorrow of the Prophet Joseph Smith when he looked among those who should have been his friends and knew they were false. I am sure it would have melted a heart of stone to have listened to President Joseph F. Smith yesterday at the close of the Conference, when we had a baptism of blessing from his mouth," closed by exhorting all to be faithful and true. Counselor Annie T. Hyde felt she owed an apology for coming in late, but she had been talking with strangers at the Bureau of Information; said she had always attended the Conferences of .the Church ever since the days of "the bowery," but had never attended a conference like the one yesterday. Surely President Smith's testimony showed the power of the Lord; thought no trials were counted too great by her parents. Let us teach our children the Gospel and to attend to all the duties, and let us be at our post always, and see that good men are elected to govern, and use all our opportunities, and try to be a benefit; strive to remember the blessings that come to - W-Smit- us through faith. "The spirit of God like a fire is burn- ing" was sung by the congregation, led by Sister Lizzie Thomas Edward. Benediction by Sister Annie C. Woodbury. Conference adjourned until seven o'clock at the same place. ( To be continued.) EMERY STAKE. The Relief Society Emery. stake of Zion October 31, 1905. were all present, also Pace and Counselor conference conference of the was held at Price, The stake officers President John H. Henry G. Mathis-Thbegan at 10 a.m., Presi- e dent Mary A. Sorenson presiding. Singing "How Firm a Foundation." Opening prayer was offered by President John H. Pace. President Mary A- Sorenson welcomed all and gave a short report of the Relief society of Emery stake. President Henrietta Hill reported the Wellington society. A vocal solo, "Lord Thou Wilt Hear Me When I Pray," was rendered by Sister Nellie Wilson of Price. A lecture on "Infancy," from Mother's - 