WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 86 sung, she was at the house of President John Taylor, he had just composed it, and sent for Brother John Kay to sing it, and it thrilled every one wonderfully then, and it has been sung so much and always seems the speaker alto have that peculiar efL-ct- , all the Prophets luded to having known and Apostles in the Church; expressed great emotion in relating some instances of her experience. Sister Julia P. M. Farnsworth was called unexpectedly, she loved the Relief Society, thought there was no love so great as that between parents and children, the family government does not devolve alone upon the father, but often more upon the mother, explained very clearly some of her thoughts upon this subject and of the children in the home. Connselor Annie T. Hyde made the closing speech, expressed herself delighted with the reports given, and believed there was a marked progress being made in the society, thought if we would always have a song in our hearts it wo 1d be helpful all the time. ''Sisters, don't get so tired you can't speak a kind word to your children; we want to establish something to throw a safeguard around our young girls who come here to go out to service and to obtain situations in offices, and so on, and we are making an effort to do this and many other 1 things." Conference closed with the rendering of the beautiful melody, "Joy and Light, " by Prof. C, J. Thomas assisted by Miss Green, M;s John R. Winder, and Bishop James Maxwell. The Relief Society is greatly indebted to Prof. Thomas and some of the finest singers in the Temple choir for the beautiful music t'jey have given from time to time, which has added so much to the meetings, and their efforts have been greatly appreciated by all those who have listened to the sweet tones. Conference adjourned for six months. Ben: diction pronounced by Sister Priscilla Smith. Emmeline B. Wells, Secretary. MOTHERS' WORK. BEAR LAKE STAKE. care for the same, own faith. (d) Marry one of your 1. 7. Social Purity. (a) How shall we create a higher moral standing? (b) "The aim of patents should be to arrange and coutrol the environments of the young people, cure their faults, culii-vattheir talents and develop their virtues. Lecture VIII Sacredness of Honor (a) What does it mean? (b) How to get the children's confidence, (c) How to uproot evil by planting good. Lecture IX. Dress and Habits. (a) Dress for comfort and health, (b) How habits are formed, (c) Man a bundle Lecture e of habits. Lecture A'. Obedience. (a) Parents should set the example by being obedient to their Heavenly Father, (b) Children have rights which are often called "disobedience." (c) All are not same in the line, (d) Do not force gifted children to learn something they have no inclination or talent for. Lectin e XI. What does the Mother read? (b) (a) Mother's lack of knowledge, Mothers reading cheap novels, (c) Mother as teacher to her children. Lecture XL. Books as companion and teacher. (a) Minds are made up largely of what is put into them, (b) What books should our children read? (c) The influence of bad literature. JNancy Pugmire, Mane L. Brown, A. C Stucki, Committee. I. - Lecture 5. Wisdom. Wisdom is a u ift of God. James 1 : 5.. If any man lack wisdom let him ask of God that giveth to all men liberally and upbraideth not and it shall be given him. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of Read from Doctrine and Covewisdom. nants 42: 68. Wisdom is defined as the right use and exercise of knowledge. Refer to Proverbs 4: 5, 14, second chapter. Lecture 6. Virtue. Prov. 31: 10. Who can find a virtuous woman, for her price is ibove rubies. We should ever be diligent in training our children to guard their virtue as they would their lives. Refer to 2 Peter, 1: 5; also Phil. 14: 8. "Virtue will bring its own reward." Lecture 7. Character. The mother in her office holds the key of the soul and it is she who stamps the coin What is character? of real character. follows: "The peas is defined Character culiar qualities impressed by nature or habit, on a person which distinguish him from others; these constitute real character." Our environments and education have much to do with our character. Ann T. Walker. Lecture 8. Faith. Faith, what is it? Faith is the substance of things hoped for the evidence of things Rom. 10: 19; 2 not seen. Heb. 11: Cor. 5: 7; Jas. 1: Healing through Mark 5: 34; 10: faith. Matt. 9: 8: exercised Power 45-5Luke 46 52; And said unto faith. Jesus them, through becau; e of your unbelief for verily I say unto you, if ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed you can say unto this mountain, remove hence to yonder place and it shall remove and nothing shall be impossible unto you. Matt. 18: 20; Mark 9: 23; Luke 17: 6; John 14: 12, Acts 3: 16; Doc. and Cov. Sec. 8: 103: 36. Salvation Behold his soul faith. promised through which is lifted up is not upright in him, but the just shall live by his faith. Hab. Acts 10: 43; Rom. 2: 4; John y. Faith alone insufficient. Not 1: everyone that sa:.th Lord, Lord, shall enter into the Kingdom of Heaven, but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven. Matt. 7: 21: John 7: 17; Rom. Doc. and Cov. 29: 2: James 2: 6; BLACKFOOT. . 20-2- Lecture i. Prayer. "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire, Uttered or unexpressed, The motion of a hidden lire, That trembles in the breast." "Prayer is the key to heaven." Occasion and object of prayer. Reference: Luke 18: 17 38 verses; Gen. 18: 23; Sam. 1st chapter; Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 52: 59; Sec. 58; 33. Pray always. Lcctnre 2. Charity. Home. it brings wherever it arrives, "Soft Family Organization, (a) The father, It bidspeace our quiet 'latent hope revive,' his authority, his position, his rights, (b) Lays the rough path of nature 'smooth and even,' The mother, her position and rights, (c) And opens in each breast a little heaven." The children, their position and rights. "Charity is the golden chain from heaven Lecture H. Prayer. to earth." "Charity never faileth." Reference: I Cor. 13th Chapter. (a) The power and influence, (b) Belief and faith through the same, (c) When Lecture 3. Occupation, shall children take part in family prayer? Be what nature intended you for and Lecture III Physical Development. you will succeed. The dignity of occupation (a) Methods of proper bathing, (b) Building a healthy body, (c) Proper food should be judged by its usefulness. Do not waste time, money and energy in endless and sleep. changes and wanderings, but find what Lecture IV. Moral Development. you are adapted for and pursue that with (a) Reverence for Deity, (b) Reverence the energy of your whole soul. ' 'Occupation for places of worship, c) Respect for pubin the home." "Occupation in the busilic property. ness world." "Occupation in church and society." Lecture V. Domestic Economy. Lecture 4. Use of Time. (a) What is it? (b) How may it be applied in the home? (c) Distinguish econoTime is a blessed heritage from our my from stinginess. heavenly Father. It is a probation, use Lectioe VI- Marriage, it well. Wise use of time. Unwise use of time. Indifferent use of time or lack of (a) Love and courtship, (b) Continually, c) The ability to make a home and purpose in action, "The idle shall not eat Lecture the bread of industry.' ' References: Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 56: 29; Doctrine and Covenants. Sec. 48: 30-3- 10-5- 14-1- 2; 2; 6; 16-1- 14-2- 43 45- - Lecture, 9. Repentance. Nature of repentance. Let the wicked forsake his ways and the unrighteous man his thoughts and let h:m return unto the Lord and He will have mercy upon him, and to his God and He will abundantly pardon. Isaiah 55: 7; Cor. 7: 9 11; Eph. . Al ma 7. 15; Book of Mormon. Necessity of repentance. And Peter said unto them, Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Acts 2: 38; 17: 30; II Nephi 31: 17; 9: 31: 17. When they Repentance the gift of God. heard these things they held their peace and glorified God, saying, then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance un-- . 4-- 23-2- 4; 25-3- 2; 