Woman's Exponent. The Ballot in the Hands of the Women 0 Vol. 34 Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY UTAEI, JUNE CONTENTS. Anniversary Celebration at Provo Relief Society Seattle, Washington ;.. In Memoriam Mother's Work: Parowan Stake, St Johns' Stake Relief Society Reports Relief Society Conference Weber Stake Mary A. Livermore Editorial: An Important Event Poetry: The Hill of Death, Louisa Lawson. Washingtons Birthday, Virginia Frazer Boyle 1 2 2 2 2 3 4 8 4 i 8 THE HILL OF DEATH. BY LOUISA There are 40 years since I have known you At your post as wife and friend, Now you are advanced in years At a work that'll never end. We have met today in Provo To celebrate your natal day, And I wish you many blessings That the Lord can well display. Dear Sister Bathsheba Smith: No downward path to death we go, Nor through dark shades, or valleys low, But up aud on o'er rises bright Toward the dawn of endless light. Not in the lowlands can we see The path that was and is to be; But on the height, just where the soul Takes deeper breath to reach the goal. There we can see the winding ways That we have journeyed all our days Then turn and view with spirit still,' The gates afar beyond the hill. '1 he Dazvn, Australian. ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION AT PROVO TABERNACLE. THE ELECT LADY. We have met this afternoon to do honor to one of God's noble women, President Bathsheba V. Smith and to congratulate her on the anniversary of her eighty-thir- d birthday. And may she live long to enjoy many more such occasions surrounded by her many friends in the work of the Relief and Society, it being the first organization for the benefit of women and done by the inspiration of Our Heavenly Father through His chosen Seer and Prophet Joseph Smith. We realize the responsibility of this position is great at the present time as.the President of all the associations, which now extend around the world to every country where the Gospel has been preached and branches of the Church organized. We delight to honor her in this position and continually uphold and sustain her with our faith and prayers. We also wish to honor her as a wife and mother in Israel the duties in which she has so faithfully performed of being a true friend, a wise counselor to her husband and his family a help meet in very deed and may we follow her noble example that we may all be worthy to associate with her in the world to come. rs Provo, Utah, May sisters in Provo, with love and esteem, the elect lady, our beloved and honored Sister, Mrs. B. W. Smith, for your worth and valor in the cause of the women of the Relief Society and humanity at large, I have known you nearly 4o years true working, side by side with your husband who was a tower in this church and you are still working in the Temple to further the work of God in the Earth. President, Mary John. LAWSON. May the Lord bless you with health and strength- the remainder of your life, that you may continue to enjoy the same sweet spirit and have the good influence over your that has always made you dearly loved by all, is the wish of the Lake View Relief Society. co-labor- Dear President Bathsheba w. Smith: of Relief 6th ward the Society, We, Provo, do also honor you on this your natal day, both for the position you occupy in one of the organizations of the Kingdom of God and also for the faith- fulness, love and dignity with which, though now past four score years and more, you discharge the duties thereof. We do honor you as a pioneer in Relief Society Labors and indeed in Gjd's work here on earth, and as helping to carry out His plans for His children. Well do we know that the closing years of life's day will be like the sunset which follows a long warm bright summer's day, rich with associations, mellow with happy memories, glorious and beautiful with unadulterated faith and trust, and unshaken testimony of the gospel. May God continue to bless and prolong the life of one, who has given us such an example of courageous, active, humble and unselfish womanhood. What joy we find in following thy womanly example. Pure religion and undented before God' is this, "To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction and to keep himself unspotted from the world." Nobly do you live that pure religion. Springville Relief Society. Blest indeed are the daughters of Zion in having such a noble woman to lead us as Sister Bathsheba W. Smith. She has shown us how beautifully gentleness and firmness harmonize. May she live long and still be the inspiration to us in the days to come that she has been in the past, is the sincere desire of the members of Timpanogos Relief Society. ist, To our dear Aunt Bathsheba: May you live as long as you desire life, that we may hear your gentle voice in This day I desire to celebrate with my words of exaltation and faithful testi 1 mony of the truthfulness of the Gospel that we are called to labor in, is the ear- nest desire of your sister in the Gospel. Persia Pleasant View Ward, C. Bunnell. April 30, 1905. You have passed through great trials In days of ore, You've been tested and proved Faithful and true; Mav your years vet number another score. Is the wish of the sisters of Pleasant View. Dear Aunt Bathsheba: You are the only living member of the first organization of the Relief Society-Pleasimpart to us humble toilers at the sick bed, as well as with thimble, needle, and thread, some of the inspiration and e encouragement received at the fountain head from the lips of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Emily G. Cluff. - Dear Sister Bathsheba Smith: 1905. No. 1905. Dear Sister Smith: We have met in honor of thy natal day to give thee loving greeting, to hold in friendship's claSp thy hand, which has for many years labored in the great cause of charity, to look into thine eyes, and see the light of faith which shineth there, to listen to thy voice which ever giveth words of hope and encourages us to greater deeds of love. Thine hath it been the privilege to behold the coming forth of the great latter-da- y work; thou hast seen the Church of God established .upon His footstool never more to be thrown down; thou hast partaken of its blessing and hath shared in its. sorrows. Thou wert present at the organization of the Society which we represent, and of those eighteen, thou alone art living. Thou hast seen this work grow from that humble beginning unto the greatest charitable organization in the worldIn thy early maidenhood thou gavest thy hand to one of God's anointed and with him stood in high and holy places. Thou wert unto him a true and faithful wife, and he ever praised and honored - thee. Many were the privations which thou endured, and sorrow sometimes fell upon thee, and thy mother heart wast torn with grief; but God comforted thee in thine afflictions and caused thee to rejoice that thy daughter was spared thee, and in her and her children thou hast been blessed. Thou hast ever been a laborer in the field of life. In earlier days thine apparel and that of thy family was the work of thine own hands, and thou didst grace thy humble home with patience, love and womanly dignitr. Thou hast labored long- in Gd's holy temple, and hath beheld the beauty and glory of His great work. - Thou art the president and leader of the women of the Church of God, and hath given unto us an example of all that is truest and purest in womanhood. Thou hath taught us in the ways of love and 