WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Dean Wright Sewall, favor polygamy. was remarkable few how Swift said that it persons were skillful liars, considering the In all large number who practice the art. his experience, he declared, he had not met This lie with more than three good lies. about Miss Anthony and Mrs. Sewall is a clumsy one. Miss Anthony's particularly . .41tor sne nas been devoted to wnicn pet idea, is equal rights for women. Can a anyone seriously suppose she would favor allowing a man to have a dozen wives when a woman is only allowed one husband? Mrs. Sewall was largely instrumental in getting the International Council of Women to pledge itself to work for an equal standard of morals for men and women; and she is much more conservative in her ideas on the marriage question than most of her critics, or than the average of the community. The whole outcry is based upon the fact that Mrs. Sewall last summer expressed herself as opposed to expelling from the Woman's Council a charitable society of Mormon women which had belonged to the Council for many years$ and because Miss Anthony lately said she bad more respect for a Mormon who imagined that he had a religious sanction fo- his deeds, than she had for a nominal Christian who lived an life-tim- e, immoral life. Mrs. May Wright Sewall defined her position in a letter published in the Woman's Journal of May 2:, 1904. She said: "I not only believe in the monogamic as the otly form of marriage compatible wth an ideal home, serviug the highest spiritual development, out 1 further believe tnat marriage should never be dissolved except by death." Mrs. Sewall added that she believed it was a good thing to have the organization of Mormon women enter the Council, and come in contact as much as possible with women holding the higher ideal of monogamic marriage; and she reminded her critics that Frances Willard had also favored letting the Mormon association belong. Mrs. Sewall denied in toto that she had ever written to Senator Beveridge urging the seating of Senator Smoot. In rega d to whether Mr. Smoot should be seated, there are all sorts of opinions among the suffragists, as there are among the If he should be allowed to take his seat, it will be by vote of a U S. Senate most of whose members are Would that opposed to equal suffrage. in the justify declaring that the suffragists "Antis" as a class favor polygamy? I never knew a. suffragist, not a Mormon: who believed in polygamy, But several famous men who were strongly opposed to equal rights for women have advocated polygamy. One was John Milton, who was such a champion of freedom for men and of subjection for w. men that some one said he seemed to regard men as made" only for rebellion, and women as made only for submission. Napoleon, who regarded women as useful solely to bring soldiers into the world, and whose "Code Nap ileon" deprived women of about all personal and property rights, wrote: "I consider it a great mistake that a man is allowed to have only one legitimate wife." No, polygamy is a doctrine that belongs logically not to the equal rights party, but rather to their opponents. And the "Antis" must be poorly off for legitimate' arguments when they make so absurd a charge against Miss A. S. B. Anthony and Mrs. Sewall. anti-suffragist- s. 61 RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. WAYNE STAKE. Relief Society conference was held at Loa August 13, 1904. Visiting Sisters Susan Grant and Sarah J. Cannon of the General Board, Prest. Jane S. Coleman presiding. Singing, "We thank thee, O God, for a prophet," prayer by Elder Joseph Eckers-ley- . SiDging, "High on the mountain top." Prest. Jane S. Coleman was pleased to Rewith the sisters in conference. in the stake; all in good ported her labors running order, prayed the Lord to bless us in our conference. The president called for reports, six branches were satisfactorily reported out of ten. Counselor Sarah S. Forsythe was pleased to Lave visiting sisters with us in conference, and prayed the Lord to bless us with such instruction as is necessary for our calling in the Relief Society. Sister Sarah J. Cannon was pleased to meet with the brethren and sisters in conference and to see so many young sisters in meeting; said our subject should be the work we are engaged in, spoke of the growth of the Relief Society; and added, "our first duty is to look after the poor, teachers should be very wise and very gentle, smiles are contagious, every dav of our lives do some good act; spoke of the care of grain, if you approach the brethren right they will help you a great deal; don't raffle qnilts." Spoke about Mother's work and many other subjects. Sister Susan Grant was pleased to see so many young mothers with babies in conference, was pleased that the sisters are united; the older we grow the nearer and dearer the Gospel seems; the R. S. work is a. great and responsible work, the younger sisters will get an experience by attending R. S meetings, we always miss a blessing when we miss a meeting; desired to encourage the sisters, and do good. Counselor G. S. Bastian was pleased to meet with the sisters in Relief Society conference, practical talk is the most interesting; appreciated the labors of the Relief Society presidency of the Wayne Stake. Prayed the Lord to bless us in our conference. Singing, "Redeemer of Israel." Meeting ajourned till 2 p. m. Benediction by John T. Lazenby. meet" Afternoon session. Prest. Coleman preSinging, "Now let us rejoice " siding. Prayer by Patriarch E H Blackurn. Singing, "How firm a foundation." The General Board and Stake officers g Stake missionaries were sustained. Ostberg and Leah Blackburn spoke and bore testimony. Lucinda Brown said: We should keep in mind what we have heard and practice it in our live j." Sister Susan Grant felt that the spirit of the Lord was with us in our meeting, trusted in the promises of the servants of the Lord; said sisters should encourage their husbands in their duties; have attractions at home for your children, precept is good but example is better, we have been promised that this Gospel will never be taken from us. Sister Sarah J. Cannon felt to endorse all that had been said, we are very much blessed to be members of the Relief Society; what we do, do it well; Relief Society work means good wives and good mothers, said we should try to have a little means in our Lor-enten- treasury; we must endure faithfully to the end. Patriarch Blackburn spoke to the sifters, endorsed all that had been said, was sure angels were present to take record of what had been done; he felt honored to be called on to soeak to the sisters, "God bless the words that have been spoken." Counselor Joseph Eckersley said the temporal and the spiritual must go hand in hand; knowledge is the glory of God. Mothers make your homes desirable, mothers should instruct their daughters th at there is no greater mission than to bear children. The pure in heart shall see God. We can teach our children faith. Asked God to bless the Society. Prest Coleman had enjoyed the conference very much; prayed the blessings of the Lord upon all. Singing, "Ye ransomed of our God.'f Conference adjourned for six Benediction by Bishop Henry months. Morrell. Anna Coleman, Sec. MOTHERS' WORK. SUMMIT STAKE. Woman, He? Mission: Lec, 1st. (a) How to attain the highest type of womanhood. (b) Learn the will of God concerning them. (c) Preparation for further usefulness. (d) Laws of health, how observed. (e) Word of wisdom a fundamental principle. (f) Full development of physical and mental powers. (g) Tell of special ambition of women of ancient Israel. Israel (h) How do women of latter-daIsrael in compare with those of former-da- y fulfilling the most important function of woman's life? y Lec. 2nd, Wifehood. (a) Woman's duty to husband and home. (b) Love of God, desire to fulfill His commandments. (c) How to be companionable. (d) Use influence lor good, religiously and intellectually. (e) What greater privileges do women, of today enjoy than women of ancient days enjoyed? (f) God's Eve. (Gen Lec. 3rd. commandment to Adam and 1: 28-36- .) Parents; of man and woman. God to for their ministry. (b) Responsible (a) Highest calling- - (Ref. Maeser's "School and Fireside.") (c) Child's best heritage, honorable birth. (d) Purposes bent to prepare heart and mind for embryonic moulding. (e) Cultivation of spirituality. (f) Prenatal influence: example, child of faith. (g) Beginning and duration of parent's responsibility. Lec, 4.th. Infancy. (a) The child's welcome as a heaven-sen- t gift. (b) Cleanliness a necessity. (c) Fresh air and warmth essential to well-bein- g. 