WOMAN'S EXPONENT. This conversation occurred at a time when his father did not expect to live long, and shortly before his death and in the presence of his wife and daughter; said that he had been baptized when nine years of age, but had not been confirmed a member of the Church at that time and consequently did not become a member until he recently joined the Church; said he would be 75 years of age within a few days, and he wished to pass the remainder of his days as a member of the Church. Sister Adaline Belnap, of Hooper, was pleased to bear her testimony; said she was baptized in Nauvoo, and knew Brother John W. Rigdon there, and prayed that he would remain faithful to the end; spoke of the early days of the Church and of the trials of those days, and of her acquaintance with the Prophet Joseph, and prayed that we would all be faithful to the end. President C. F. Middleton was pleased to meet with the sisters in Conference capacity, and was pleased to hear the testimony of Brother John W. Rigdon; said his remarks had reminded him of a great many incidents in his own life that had happened during the time of the raid on the Saints in the city where he lived; said he had been in the Church all his life, and was thankful to have had that privilege; related early incidents of the Church, and bore a faithful testimony; spoke of the great blessing that the Relief Society is to the bishops; spoke of how the Lord had blessed Sister Richards in her position, and of the great good she had accomplished; said he knew her noble husband and honored his name, and also honored all noble men and women; he knew Joseph Smith to be a prophet of God, and also knew that our present President, Joseph F. Smith, is a prophet of God, and said that we should uphold and sustain him in his position, and exhorted all to sustain the leaders of all the auxiliary organizations in the Church, and asked the blessings of the Lord upon all. Brother Sanford Bingham was pleased to have heard the testimonies borne, and was acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith, and bore a faithful testimony to the truth of the Gospel; was glad to see so many present, and was acquainted with Brother John W. Rigdon in the early days, and closed his remarks by asking the Lord to bless all. Brother Walter W. Crane stated that he believed the testimonies which he had heard, and said he knew the Gospel to be true; had known all the presidents of the Church except the Prophet Joseph; had faith and confidence in our President today, and had faith that he would lead this people aright. Sister Josephine Farr bore a faithful testimony to the truth of the Gospel, and was thankful to have had parents who had taught her these things, and prayed to be faithful to the end. Sister Ruthinda Mcench, of Logan, addressed the Conference; was grateful to be able to meet with her old friends, acquaintances and workers in the Relief Society; she rejoiced in the Gospel, and felt well to see that Sister Richards and others were able to do their duty; spoke of a dream which she had heard related, and closed her remarks by asking the blessings of the Lord upon all. Sister Lucretia Farr was thankful to 5 have heard the good instructions that had think. we will have a nice afternoon. We been given; was thankful for the en- will now hear from Sister Dusenberry. Sister Dusenberry: I feel a little bit couragement received, and felt like continuing on in the work; reported the out of place, because I know that you Third Ward of Ogden as being in agood have assembled to hear President Smith, cundition, and asked the Lord to bless and Apostle John Henry Smith and our all. Aunt Bathsheba and Sister Wells, and I At this time President Joseph F. Smith, feel that they have so many more years Apostle John Henry Smith, Brother C. of experience than I have, and that C. Richards, Sisters Bathsheba W. Smith, they can instruct you, and say so many Josephine R. West, Emily S. Richards, better things than I can say, that it Emmeline B. .Wells, Edna F. Smith, is almost too bad to take up your time. Sister Dusenberry and others entered the However, I shall not speak but just a building, the audience singing in the few moments. I want to congratulate meantime "Our God. we raise to Thee." you this afternoon on the beautiful hall Sister Richards said that we had the you have.and as I sat here a few moments pleasure of having President Joseph F. this morning I thought to myself, how Smith and others with us, the party hav- many opportunities we sisters have, and ing just arrived, and she thought that, al- the brothers also, but especially the sisthough it was nearly noon, the people ters, and especially those who are particwould be glad to hear a few words from ularly interested in the Relief Society. I remember just a little while ago there President Smith. President Smith's remarks will appear was a lady, one of the sisters, came to in the July number. me, and she said, "I have been called Sister Richards: This is Sister Bath- out so many times," she said, "I am alsheba Smith. President over the Relief most worn out. I have been sitting up Society in all the world and as I thought with an old lady who has been very ill there might be some one of you who for some time," and she had been up could not be here this afternoon, I wish with her for some time, and the lady had her to say a few words. just passed away, and there was a great Sister Bathsheba Smith: "She knew many things to do; and she said, "I am very well that I wouldn't speak very long; so tired," and I said, "Yes, you are; but," I am not in the habit of it. But I greet I said, "you must also realize that you you with a happy greeting, and I am real have just passed through one of the oppleased to meet with you, I know you portunities of your life, because, no matare good and faithful and true, Sister ter what you did for that sister no matRichards has watched over you so long ter how kind you were to her no matter that I know you are good, and I feel to how many hours you might have sacribless you, and to ask the Lord to bless ficed of your time for her, you were deyou, and give you wisdom, knowledge veloping at the time that you were doing and understanding, and give you faith in it, and she was doing far more for you the Gospel and in each other, and may than you could ever hope to do for her." As I look in the faces of the Relief Socio you be united in all the things you do, and the Lord will bless you ety sisters I can always see that certain and prosper you in your labors, and give humility, that cetain sisterly love, that you faith for the sick and the afflicted and always makes me feel good; and I can give you means for the poor and the always see that each sister was dictated needy, that you may fill up your days in constantly by her conscience, and conrighteousness and in doing good all these science is nothing more nor less than the presidents and their assistants in the Re- Sprit of the Lord prompting us at all lief Society in this stake. I pray the Lord times to do the right thing. It was only just this morning that I to bless you, and give you great wisdom, in work on vour picked up a little paper, and in this paper and knowledge to carry was a little story of a father who there Lord. before the an acceptable manner had some had dehearts dispute over some land, May every blessing which your and who claimed the land the man other I ask it sire in righteousness be yours. in had it planted vegetables and things, in the name of Jesus. Amen." and man the said, "Well, if I can't get Singing: "Guide Us, O Thou Great I am the land, going to have that that Jehovah." Benediction by Brother Robert So when the harvest was on it." Gale. Recess was then taken until the grows his took he ready, boy there, and he said, afternoon. climb fence and look all will "I the At 1:40 o'clock p. m. the conference he and said, "If I don't see anyreconvened, President Jane S. Richards around," -- under-take't- one looking, you come in, and we will take what is in the garden." The father got in there, and he looked in front of Prayer. Singing, "Come, O Thou King of him, and to the right of him and to the left of him, and all around, and he turned kings." to the boy and he says, "There is no one am Richards: I, dear sisters, Sister My And the boy looked to his those have we looking. to think that very glad and he said. "Father, you have to father, to this afternoon with us you speak look up." It was the conto and Smith John forgotten that we have: President of science the boy that was speaking; it Henry and some others.and Sister Smith, was the We Spirit of the Lord that was Sister Wells and Sister Dusenberry. the boy, and I thought to to I don't have them every time, and hope speaking lies an example for us "Therein of myself, that the congregation will keep as kind No little wrong thing what matter all." condiquiet as you can in your crowded if can always keep we to we do, attempt tion. I am kind of sorry that there isn't in our hearts the spirit minds in and our a little bit more room, seeing there are so of looking up, always looking up. I am many of us, and the babies are so good that I believe they will all go to sleep, sure if we can follow this we will always and I don't believe they will cry I am be on the right track. As I end, there is a little quotation not going to think so, anyhow and I presiding. Singing, "High on the moantain tops." 