WOMAN'S EXPONENT 8 be afraid that we are doing more than our share of anything, as the Prophet Joseph said was the way to do. I am anxious to do my part, and a good share good part so that no one can say, "You are indifferent, and I have to work and wait on you." I don't think that will be said about me. At any rate I hope it won't, for it won't be true. Now I know I am not interesting you here, and I don't want to take up the time, because the President and some of the sisters want to talk to you, or we want them to, and the time is rather precious. As soon as it is past, we will break up and go away; but bear this in mind: that our religion is true, and our leaders are true, and be true to them, for what is so nice as union and love? In this way I started in the society union and love. You never need be afraid you are doing more than your part, but do all you can, and receive the blessings of the Lord for your diligence and faithfulness, and He will reward you. Now I think I have said plenty, and I know you can't hear the children make a little noise. I pray the Lord to bless you all, and make you glad you have been here today, and fill your heart with joy and love continually, with patience and endurance, to love the sick and the afflicted, the cast down and distressed, and at last bring you safe in the celestial kingdom, is my prayer, in the name of Jesus. Amen. Sister Emmeline B. Wells then addressed the conference. ( To be continued, ') WASHINGTON'S MARY A. LIVERMORE. BIRTHDAY. VIRGINIA FRAZER BOYLE. - Who lays a stone, or plants a tiny tree, Or sows a seed of truth with zealous care, Who does this in the name of liberty, Has breathed a patriot's prayer. 'lis not the blare of trumpet that proclaims The bravest, truest deeds of valor done; Nor yet, the highest shaft, that bears the names Of greatest victories won. We all were patriots, when the banners waved On high, to kiss a mellow land of peace; We all are soldiers, with the country saved When belching cannons cease. But when the day shall come.what means the wave Of starry flag against a stormy sky, If men have not the patriot's will to save, Or courage how to die? If there no works be found, Commensurate with blind and trusting faiths; If these hoarse shouts that through the land resound, Proceed from hollow wraiths? What means the boast? If there be set upon the Nation's stair, A crumbling god, whose blighting name is Self? Seek ye the light of patriotism there. Beside the spoils of pelf? Should there be need? God hold the fateful day In stumbling tardiness, where time is born Nor haste the call, but let the light we pray Meet every waking morn! Fling out the beauty of thy missal, free, Oh! thou, my Country beautiful, and then Columbia, draw thy children to thy knee, Thy heart has called for men! Thon art the daughter of as pure a sire, As ever fathered nation of the earth; Thine is the heritage of holy fire, , at his birth! God-given- Then yield thy homage; 'tis a little thing That we can lend to garland his bright scroll. Swing high thy banners, bid the full time ring Rev. Anna Garlin Spencer at a recent The deep bells of the soul. meeting described women's clubs as "the great nonprofessional university for wo- In his fair name, ring out the cries that rend The life ot hopeless want and needless pain; men in their second youth." Mrs. Elizabeth Riis, wife of Jacob Riis, the well-know- writer and lecturer, lately n died at her home, Richmond Hill, New York. She gave much of her time to social services and possessed fine literary ability, often collaborating with her husband. In "The Making of an American" Mr. Riis devoted one chapter to her. Miss Flora Cleft Stevenson, LL. D-- , chairman of the School Board of Edin- The narrow, grinding labor that must bend Both young and age, for gain. Bring in the dignity of labor, paid, Not wages that are doled like dtops of life Nor at the horny hands, let honor fade, Nor right, awaken strife. ; Blct out the hiss of anarchy, that dwells In squalid places, brewing in the night; And break the decalogue of self, which tells That might makes even right. Cast out the fatted Pharisees who fold Their robes about them, 'broidered with rust; Wring from the miser's hand, ill gotten gold, But leave him all that's just! burgh, Scotland, has been presented with the freedom of that city in recognition of her great public services. She was ad- Yea, level there, the rank and file ot men, mitted a burgess and guild brother of the Columbia, oh! thou daughter of the free, charher for of in regard testimony Thy aristocracy is truth, and then city acter and her work in connection with Thy watchword "Liberty!" philanthropic and benevolent institutions, But let the keystone of thine arch be Love and also for the eminent service she has And be ihe arch, "Humanity to Man"; rendered to the cause of education as a Thy deeds to nations of the earth shall prove Thy Union's strength and span member for more than 20 years of the In Board. School recognition Av! Edinburgh keep this day, a by name, of the honor conferred on Miss Stevenson, A white stone, as the drifting years pass on; all the school children were given a holi- Beneath a white seal, spotless keep the fame is the Of peerless Washington! day. The Baroness Burdett-Coutt- s was She of the city. oldest living burgess Americaa Monthly Magazine. admitted in 1874. "holy-day- " R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, v 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. h ARE IN OUR NEW STORE, and solicit your patronage. as much as possible for vour money. We aim to give you TRY US MrsMary A. Livermore one of the most famous, and one of the best known women in the United States, and one whose name has been heralded around the world departed this life May 23, 1905. Mrs. Livermore continued her public work to the vary last, she spoke at the New England Suffrage Festival in Fan-euHall, Boston on May 10. "She had fainted four times that day, and was quite unfit to be out; but she was determined to be there and to make the presentation speech when the Massachutetts W. S. A, gave Mr. Blackwell the silver pitcher in honor of his 80th birthday." "The next day she spoke again at a meeting of the Melrose V. C. T. U. but was forced to break off by a severe fit of coughing. She had a bronchial attack, il lay unconscious for several days, and finally succumbed to heart failure, passing away without pain." "The funeral of this distinguished woman was held in the First Congregational Church at Melrose, Mass. on May 25. The city was in mourning, the the schools and places flags at half-masof business closed. The G. A. R. Post carried the coffin to the church. The were Wm. Loyd Garrison, Rev. Charles G. Ames and Henry B. Blackwell. There was a great crowd, including many persons of distinction." Mrs. Livermore' s history is full of interesting incidents, and gives one an idea of the tendencies in childhood that develop into strong characteristics in mature life. It also shows something of heredity. "Mary Ashton Rice was born in North-field- , Mass. Dec. 19. 1820. Her father Timothy Rice was of Welsh descent and had served in the war of From him it is said she inherited strength and stature and something of her Her mother Zebiah gift of language. Vose Glover Ashton was the daughter of Capt. Nathaniel Ashton of London, England. Captain Ashton married a Boston woman. She was so fond of her own native country that she would not leave it. Mrs. Livermore says in her childish imagination the Captain seemed to be "forever standing with one foot on the sea and one on dry land like the angel of the t, pall-beare- rs 1812-1815- ." apocalypse." ( To be continued. ) Save Your Money! get a dollar, deposit it Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 41,191 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to five thousand, and compute said And when you with Zion's interest Semi-annuall- y. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. No- 1 East Temple Street, 