WOMAN'S BETSY ROSS AND THE FLAG. BY SUSA YOUNG GATES. The sun had risen, and the sun had set. On our flag with the English cross; When the thirteen bars ami the thiiteen stars, Were fashioned by Betsy Ross. For the dragon and cross surmounted a crown, And freedom was but a story, When the breeze unfurled to a saddened world The flag with its glory. ht On the high seas first, the flag flashed out Its welcome challenge for peace. Paul Jones sailed faster than England's aster, To win America's release. 59 TODENFEST. 'Twas a woman that made the lovely flag A woman with soul divine, The man may have thought, but the woman wrought, The cover for liberty's shrine. dear-boug- EXPONENT. dis- Then out from each fortress and seaport town, There gleamed the flag with its stars. The mountains and vales, the hills and dales Were bright with its crimson bars. Todenfest is a remembrance day of the dead, and was observed on Sunday, November 20, 1904, in the customary way in Saxony. The cemeteries were thronged from early morning until the shades of evening hid them from view. The New Cemetery (as it is called, though quite an old one,) in Leipsic was most beautifully decorated. On almost every grave floral offerings, many of them large, costly wreaths. None are admitted here for burial, only members of families who already own the gronnd. It covers quite a large area, and is laid out in divisions, separated by thick stone walls. In one of these divisions is quite a large plot, wherein are interred a number of French soldiers who fought under Napoleon in 1 8 13; and sixty-fiv- e prisoners of and opposite to it one the war of 1870-7of equal size where are German soldiers war of 1870-7who fell in theFranco-Prussia- n A large monument in the center, enclosed by iron rails and chains, gives their names and designates their calling. The plot is enclosed by iron chains passing through stone posts, and has two entrances, the posts on either side formed as a cannon, gilt bands, lettered, twined around them, and gilt spikes at the mouth, representing the cannon's fire, while at the base of each are a number of cannon balls, some large others small. On these graves are some flowers, and a number of head plates. Among the ivy, on one of them, under an oval raised glass cover, are two hands clasped together. How strangely one feels, to see them there, down among the ivy! Throngs of visitors come and go through, looking at the graves and reading what is on the monuments. The French graves are without a flower; a single wreath, French colors showing through it, hangs on the center monument, while at the base of the other monument is a metal plate placed there by the French society, which states that "here are entombed a number of French soldiers of the war of 1 813." How desolate they look, the heavy iron chain surrounding them, in its stone posts, and no entrance for visitors! Alone, though people are all around them, and the graves on either hand so profusely decorated that they have the appearance of a sea of flowers! But they are far away from sunny France far from her vine-cla- d hills, buried here among hostile strangers. Are they forgotten because these multitudes pass them coldly by, or speak of them as the French? No! far away, tears have fallen, hearts have broken, because they who marched so gallantly to war, returned not again, but laid down in a foreign land to die. But these graves, as the others, are well kept, and covered with thick ivy (which is trained all over the graves in this land, instead of grass). In one corner a smrdl monument tells of the officers interred here. Hundreds of people are thronging the wide, white walks and roaming among the graves. Here and there is the grave of one newly dead, and they are elaborate affairs, about five feet high and two long, covered with palm leaves, evergreens, flowers, wreaths and wide ribbon sashes of various hues, and in them mottoes or inscriptions in gold letters. How much is expended on 1, 1. that was shed for you, But white was the pure desire, And in heaven's own hue, the stars shone O, red was the blood through, And kindled sweet liberty's fire. splendid stars and stripes, There's a gain for every loss. Honor the men who fought, and the women So. up with the who wrought And honor brave Betsy Ross. HONOR WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY. One of the most delightful social and patriotic events of the season was at the home of Bishop and Mrs. W. I. Beatieon the D. R S. As evening of Washington's Birthday. State Regent, Mrs. Beatie entertained the Utah Society Daughters of the Revolution. The beautiful home was elaborately decorated with the Society colors, flags and pictures. Excellent music was furnished by some of the state's best aitists, Miss Ceceila Sharp, Hugh Dougall and George D. Pyper. Mrs. Julia A. Farnsworth-Lun- d gave a paper for the U. S. S. D. RM acknowledging the veneration of the Daughters for the great founders of the nation and the state; also the debt of gratitude the Utah Society owes to its organizers, Mrs. Susa Y. Gates and Mrs. E- B. Wells. Judge William H King, in frs usual artistic style, delivered a most learned and able address upon the subject of Government. Dr. E. S. Wright graciously responded with a humorous recitation. Apostle George A. Smith expressed patriotic sentiments with his usual enthusiasm. Delicious refreshments were served. J. P. M. F. - RELIEF SOCIETY NOTICE. The Stake Secretaries of theRelief Society in the several stakes of Zion, also in missions and in branches of the Society not included in ftakes or missions, are hereby notified to prepare complete annual reports, statistical and financial, dating from January i, 1904, to December 31, 1904, and forward the same to the General Secretary, Tem-pleto- n Building, Salt Lake City, Utah, not later than the middle of March, 1905. Wherever the Relief Society owns buildings, halls or granaries, it is desirable thai information should be made a separate item, and how many in the stake, and in what wards located; also any other important facts that would be of interest to the general officers. Address Mrs. E. B. Wells. the German graves! Beyond the white walks are trees, shrubs and flowers. Now, as winter is approaching, the nice headstones are covered by means of heavy wooden slides, made to fit them, so that they are protected from the inclemency of the weather. Frail monuments are likewise protected. Nicely dressed people are going hither and thither some carrying wreaths and others placing them, while some are sitting in meditation near the resting places of their loved ones. A favorite inscription in this land is "Resting in God. " Is it prompted by an abiding faitn in Him? Is it true that these sleeping multitudes thus await the sound of the last trump? But what a disappointment that time will bring! Nothing be as we think, perchance not as we desire. What then? Well it is that an Judge will scan our records, and to each one will give all that justice tempered with mercy can bestow. Not a discordant sound is heard, not a boisterous tone or peal of laughter, but the greatest respect everywhere. Everything seems to be of hallowed memory. In most of the German homes, they cannot long keep their dead. They have but few rooms, and live in all of them. There are generally two families, one in each or a hundred Luppe, so that seventy-fiv- e a death When house. in each live people for the bnrial, occurs, they prepare body and it is taken to the church in the cemetery, and often lies for some hours in the dead house attached to it. One does not often see a single hearse, but on the back is a carriage, having two back wheels, the hearse serving for the two front ones, or a carriage with a receptacle for the little casket, crosswise, put at the back of the driver. In this way expenses are reduced at this sad time. It is said that the clergy reap a rich harvest at these seasons, for it is considered a disgrace to lay relatives away without a long sermon being read over them. So if this is desired, and that he also wear his fine robes, they must pay a high price. A German funeral often costs hundreds of marks when the family can illy afford it. Todenfest is the winter remembrance of the dead, while June 24th of each year corresponds to our Decoration Day. all-wi- Lydia D. se Alder. The Montana House of Representatives on Feb. 14 defeated the woman suffrage bill, 38 to 30. It had a majority, but a two-thirvote was needed. ds woman suffrage constitutional amendment has been favorably reported in both branches of the California Legislature, and the vote in the Senate stood 21 ayes to 14 nays. This lacked a few votes of the necAn effort will essary two thirds majority. be made to reconsider. ' ' "The Rev. Anna H. Shaw is now able to sit up, and is dictating more letters than her doctor and nurse approve of, but she seems to be in a cheery state of mind. She writes: "I am a funny sight; I am sitting up, propped in my big chair, with two little like Sissy Hopkins' each side of pig-taimy head, and wrapped up in a blanket. I sit up only a little while at a time. I am really trying to do for once as I am told and to get well as soon as possible." Ex. ls 