Woman Exeone in 9 L 1 The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUARY, Vol. 33 CONTENTS. Hook of Holland and took a train for Rotterdam. We were all ?o sleepy th it we Grace Grant's Trip Through ForeignCountries 57 to went and rode right through the sleep for Utah of the Society Daughters Program As was a fast train we had to ride it city. 6 Revolution 58 two hours a half before the train and Relief Society Organized 58 it did stop they put us on When stopped. D. R'S. Honor Washington's Birthday 59 the and train sent us back. We Todenfest right Lydia D. Alder 59 for the extra ride to a didn't have cent pay 60 Editorial: A. Golden Wedding saw and lots of Holland and German 60 A Relief Society Social we which seen would otherwise. have not Miss Anthony on Polygamy A. S. B. 60 to We back Rotterdam about eleven got 61 Relief Society Reports of o'clock had instead we as and six, 61 Mothers Work missed our we had there all train to stay In Memoriam 63 a We took train about for Berlin day. Mrs. Gilman on Pure Air 63 seven that evening. We were on the train The Statute of Miss Willard 64 Advanced Russia A S B. 64 all night, and as it wasn't a sleeping car we didn't get much rest. We arrived in n On the Des- Poetry: Berlin the next morning and were met by ert 57 an Elder. Wt started right out to see the ; 59 Betsy Ross and the Flag city, going first to the Kaiser's church. To the Relief Society Sisters 63 This is a beautiful building both inside and out. As it was Sunday, they were having AMERICA WASHINGTON. services there, and so we didn't stay very long. We then went out to Charlottenberg America! fair land of Freedom's sires! and visited the mausoleum where the tombs Alas! how low doth burn the brilliant fires Enkindled long ago! when Washington of some of the German knights and queens By heav'n inspired, true, loyal hearts led on are. Just as you enter the building there is To fight and nobly die in freedom's cause, n And for this land make righteous laws. a statue representing the Angel of Death. There is a large blue skylight, and as that Oh Washington! nor patriot so true is the only light in the building everything Our countrys' tender fatber! unto you looks very dismal. There are four large We give all honor due; this natal day tombs there, and they are all lovely, but my Commemorate thine honored name, and pray favorite was the one of Queen Louise. They That God for us perpetuate thy birth, And send another just like thee to earth. are all pure white marble and there is a life Ellis R. Shipp. sized statue of the person who is in the Feb. 22, 1905. tomb on top of each one. That evening we went out to the principal part of the city and saw a number of ON THE DESERT. We went to the Reichstag, pretty places capital building, and it is one oJ the pretti BY LOUISE COULSON. est buildings I ever saw. In front of it are Out on the desert, God's broad plain, some fountains and a statue of Bismarck. Stretching away toward the setting sun, Then we went to the Victory monument, With lightning speed the roaring train which I like better than any monument I Bears the weary traveler on and on ever have seen. It is in memory of the To that sweet goal where love's dear race is won. victories won over the French. We walked from here down the Victory Avenue. This Out on the deseit, sweet breezes blow, is a beautiful street, having statues of the Caressing the eyes, the lips and brow, rulers of Germany from 1 100 up to the presAnd over all, around the sunset's glow, O'er plain and vale the twilight low, ent time. The statues are not very picturGathers a mantle of mist and anow. esque, but very interesting. We went next to the Wagner monument This is also a Out on the desert, thou art not alone, God's angels hover o'er thy wandering vay, very pretty monument, being a statue of And faith and prayer on the breeze is borne, Wagner surrounded by figures representing A faith and hope that leads to ray, his four greatest operas. Then we went to And brightens the night the long lone way. the Thier Gardens, and stayed their until titer ten listening to the music. The musout on desert of the life's high-waOh, Borne on and on by the tide of fate, ic in Germany is the loveliest I have ever Past the ereen and gold on Nature's plain, heard. Yon hear a band almost everywhere Till we meet again at the welcome gate. you go and tbey are all very good ones. That opens to the hearts that love and wait. The next morning we went first to the Butte City, Montana, Sept. 1st, 1900. Kaiser's palace, which was very beautiful, but overladen with gold and s'lver. The GRACE GRANTS TRIP THROUGH FOREIGN bed, btd room and prayer room of Frederick the Great are there. The prettiest room COUNTRIES. is the large senate room, where the Senators Dear Giandma Grant: met before going to the Reichstag. This Papa has asked me to write you a letter room is also used for a banquet hall. Then we went to the Zeug Haus, which all about our trip to Scandinavia We left here on the 20th of July, and is a large building full ot war paintings, It was the first night we had to cross the North instruments of war, old flags, etc. very interesting. Sea. The boat was so crowded that we Then we weut to the Royal stabler, and couldn't get berths, and so had to sit up all think the building is much too pretty tQ I night, The next morning we got off at the be used for a stable. There were hundreds ot horses arid carriages which were all very beautiful, but only for show. I don't suppose many of them are used once in a liie-tim- e. 1905-190- America-Washingto- new-bor- y, No. 8. 1905. l From there we walked up the noted street, Under den Linden. I was disappointed in this street, as I had heard so much abwut it and was expecting more than I got The trees look like they have just been put in lately, and are too small to give as much shade as is necessary to make it real pleasant. At the top of this street is an arch that was at one dme the gate to a wall. On top of this arch is a bronze chariot that rep resents victory. This chariot was captured by the French some years ago and placed on the Triumphal Arch in Paris but was later taken back to Germany. Next we went to the panorama and saw the destruction of Pore Arthur and a reguThere were about lar battle on the sea. twelve little war vessels about ten or twelve feet long. They were built just like war so and we got a pretty good idea of ships, naval battles. From there we got a car and took a lovely car ride through Grunewald, green forest, which is the piincipal residence part of the city. It is very pretty out there, and there are some lovely homes. On our way back we s opped at the Terrassen an Halensee, which is a large building built in the Egyptian style. It is real odd, but pntty, and of a summer resort. The building is a sort is used for a restaurant, the gardens are lovely and there is a large bathing pond near. The next day we went to the art galleries. First we went to the new art gallery, which is very nice and has some lovely pictures in it. Then we went to the old one which has mostly all statues in, there wasn't much to it, and I thought most of the statues were hideous. Then we went to the largest store in Germany. It was a lovely store and I saw lots of things which I wouldn't have minded having, but of course I couldn't have everything I wanted, and so I didn't buy anything. Next we went to the Art Exhibit. Most of the pictures there were the new art, and I liked some of them very much. They had rooms furnished in the new art furniture, and they were very interesting and pretty. I like the new art very much, especially the fun:iture and jewelry. The next day we went to Dresden and spent the day. We were most of the time in the art galleries and tbey are the finest I There are a great many have seen at all. noted pictures in these galleries and nearly every picture there is a perfect gem. After leaving there we went out to the summer residence of the King of Saxony It is built 011 the Japmese style and is very The gardens around odd, but picturesqueit are just lovely. We didn't get back to Berlin until after ten that night and left early Me next morning for Copenhagen. We went from Benin to Copenhagen, part way by boat a. d part by train, arriving there about seven o'clock - 