WOMAN'S EXPONENT 64 THE STATUE OF MISS WILLARD. . The statue of Frances E. Willard to be placed in the Statuary Hall in the National Capitol, has received the last touches frotu Miss Mears, the sculptor, and was in place in a niche close by the figure of Washington before February 19. On that day, the anniversary of Miss Willard's death, her statue, the gift of Illinois to the nation, was Senators formally accepted by Congress. Cullom and Hopkins of Illinois, Beveiidge of Indiana, Dolliver of Iowa, and Representatives Foss and Boutele of Illinois, and Littlefield of Maine, delivered the addresses. Next day the schoolchildren of Washington were given a chance to visit Statuary Hall. Each child to place a flower at the base of the statue, and receive from Miss Gordon a medal commemorating the event, and bearing a miniature reproduction of the statue. On the evening of February 17 the W. C. T. U. held a national commemorative meeting in Washington. The statue represents Miss Willard standing, her right arm extended, the hand resting upon a reading desk; the left arm is at her side, with a few pages of manuscript in the hand. She is about to address an audience; and the familiar pose of the head, the strong, spiritual face, are lifelike. Augustus Saint Gaudens, the former instructor of Miss Mears, speaks of it as "showing, in a way that it seems to me only a woman could do, the union of strength with feminine gentleness a quality most tender and elusive, but which she has cerThe pedestainly infused in her work." tal is of Vermont marble, and bears the following inscription: Ah! It is women who have given the costliest hostage to fortune. Out into the battle of life they have sent their best beloved, with fearful odds against them. Oh, by the dangers they have dared, by the hours of patient watching over beds where helpless children lay, by the incense of ten thousand prayers wafted from their gentle lips to heaven, I charge you giire them power to protect alon' life's treacherous highway those whom they have so loved! Frances E. Willard. Ex. ADVANCED RUSSIA. When the four thousand students and professors of the University of St. Petersburg assembled in mass meeting the other day, one ot the resolutions that they passed unanimously was a demand for representative government and for a national assembly to be elected by universal suffrage, irrespective of sex. This must have been startling to many conservative Americans, who have fondly imagined that the demand for equal rights for women were limited to a handful of discontented spinsters in the United States. The movement is world wide; and the St. Petersburg resolution shows that it is further advanced in some respects among the "intellectuals" of Russia than it is in the R. K. MARICOPA STAKE. 71 Lam-anite- "Mrs. Katherine Breshkovskaya, the Siberian exile, now visiting this country, mentioned during her recent visit to Bos on d an interesting fact bearing upon the whether the Russian question n peasantry are yet capable of much-discusse- self-gover- Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for your money. "fc ment. There are in Russia two provinces, Viatka and Perm, where there are no nobles, and the peasants manage their own These two "peasant provinces" affairs. have the best roads, the best schools, the best-paiteachers, and the largest number of libraries and technical srbools, of any provinces in RussK Ever town in Viatka maintains an academy for girls, and would maintain one for boys, too, if the government would allow it. But the government permits only a few academies for boys. The peasant girls who graduate from the academies become teachers, nurses, doctors' assistants, etc., but after all such places are filled, there are many educated girls left. These marry uneducated peasant men. But it is noticeable, Mrs. Breshkovskaya says, that whenever there is an educated mother, she keeps her husband's hut very clean; and she educates both her daughters and Mrs. Breshkovskaya says the her sons. peasants manage their local affairs with much discretion and common sense, in marked contrast to the stupid, wasteful and corrupt way in which the imperial government squanders its money and mismanages all its d bu-iness- ." Report of the Relief Society conference of the Maricopa Stake of Zion, held in the Relief Society hall, December 1st, 1904, with Stake President Mabel A. Hakes presiding, withn lull attendance cf officers and members. Stake President Collins R. Hakes and others of the Priesthood, also Sisters Emma S. Woodruff and Sarah J. Cannon from Salt Lake City. Opened with the usual exercises. Reports were given, with much charity work having baen done in cases cf fire, etc. The Stake had been visited with the exception ol one ward up in the mountains, this ward being visited during the summer. The Relief Society work among the s is still going on, though this part of the organization has been discontinued for some time, they are beginning to see the iruits ot their, former labors among the young. The work in the Stake is progressing both spiritually and temporally among those who are active in attending their duties, they are greatly benefitted, also by getting the covenant and commandment lectures. Mothets' work has been begun and is successful thus far. We were pleased to have the visiting sisters with us to hear our reports, to give us encouragement and instruction in this great and important work. Teachers' dutie , care of the poor, teaching children the law of tithing, honoring the Priesthood and old age, were topics spoken upon, interspersed with appropriate songs and picnic at the noon hour which was greatly enjoyed by all. Adjourned for three months with hymn and benediction. Annie E. Fuller; Sect THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, v fc United States. For there is no university in America outside of the four equal suffrage states, where such a resolution could have been passed by a unanimous vote. It illustrates the truth of what Mrs. Katherine Breshkovskaya wrote a few weeks ago: "Educated Russia has become radieal before becoming liberal. The intelligent men of the empire believe in giving women absolutely equal rights." It illustrates also the wide gap that exists between governmental Russia and popular Russia. It is only within a year that Russian women have been allowed to lake a medical degree without going abroad to get it; and the Russian universities are still closed to them, though "higher courses" of study for women exist at St. Petersburg. The mediaeval policy of repression and exclusion represents the attitude of the government; while the professors and students of the St. Petersburg University vote unanimously for granting women not only education, A. S. B. but lull political rights. Boston Woman's Journal. We aim to give you a TRY US Lady Henry Somerset, in a recent article on the simple life, says: "It would be interesting to analyze how much real happiness come to the man who has made or inherited a large fortune, and feels it necessary to live in what is called 'adequate style ' He builds himself a palace, engages a troop of servants, begins to collect pictures, furniture and objects of art, and he little knows that he is heaping upon himself A man with a modera world of trouble. ate income, who has no requirements beyond those which he can supply, who lives in a house where his things give him no anxiety, but in lefined, tasteful and simple surroundings, who can afford to see his own friends because he cares for them, and not a host of people who have to be asked because it is the right thin that they should be seen at his home, is the really happy man." John Barrett, United States minister at Panama, has given a fund to be used in prizes for the best papers on the relations of the United States with the n The are be to prizes republics. open to men and women now competition by young in the regular courses of any college or university of recognized standing in the United States Latin-America- Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank have opened more than 41,191 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit marric women and also childrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from odc dollar to five thousand, and compute said we interest Semi-annuall- y. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M Cannox, Cashier. No. 1 East Temple StreeC 