WOMAN'S to life. Acts 11: 18; Rom. 2: 4; 25. The repentant forgiven. I Luke 15: 7; Alma 5: Tim. 2: Kings 8: The repentant favored. Yea, he that tepenteth and exerciseth faith and t Hugeth forth good works and prayeth continually without ceasing, unto such it is given to know the mysteries of God, etc. Alma 26: III Nephi 16: 13; Ether 5: 5. 21-2- Lcdure 10. 87 IN MEMORIAM. the Relief Society record and also be presented to the family and published in the Woman's nent. SAR H JANE HALLiriAY. 33-34-3- 47-5- EXPONENT Like weary and worn-ou- t children, that sigh for the daylight's close, He knows that they oft are longing for home and its sweet repose; So He calls them in from their labors, ere the shadows o'er them creep, And silently watching o'er them, He giveth His loved one's sleep. One cannot help feelings of solemnity in parting with old and dear friends, however confident vou may be that all is well with the loved one that has gone on before. Sister Sarah Jane Halliday, whose demise we now record, passed away at her home in Santa-quiUtah, March 27, 1905, at the ripe age of 83. She was the wife of the lae Patriarch George Halliday, was born April 13. 1822, at Higham, Leicestershire, England; baptized into the Chu-cof Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, October 4, 1847; Cime to Utah in 1853, hence endured many of the trials of pioneer life. Baptism. Then came Jesus Necessity of baptism from Galilee to Jordan unto John to be Mark baptized of him, ttc. Matt 3: 16: 16; John 3: Acts 3: 38; 1 Peter 3: Matt. 3: 7, 8; 21. Subjects of baptism Matk 2: 29; 6: 2, 3; Djc. & Cov. 20: 3.7 Infant baptism. Mormon 8: 71 1 ; Doc. & 68: 27. Object of baptism. John did baptize in the wilderness and preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of resoluti ws. sins. Mark 1: 4; Luke 2: 3; Acts 22: 16, Whereas the Supreme Ruler of the universe ha? II Nephi 25, 24; 3: 5 17. Mode of bapfrom our midst our beloved Sister Sarah called tism. And Jesus, when He was baptized, Jane Hallidzy; and whereas she was a faithful went straightway out of the water, etc; teacher in the Santaquin Ward Relief Society, Matt. 3: 16; 3: 5, 6; John 3: 23; Acts performing that duty in her advanced age, never in well doing. Therefore we desire to ; 8: 22: 19; Rom. 6: 5. Authority tiring Her honor her memory. charity never failed; essential to baptism. Acts 18: 23, 2?; 19: she was ever willing to care for t e sick and to ; Mosiah 18: 31: 33; Alma 4: 4; help the widow and fatherless, thereby gaining the goodwill and affection of her associates. Her III 15: 13; Nephi 7: 25; 11: 21, great desire was to remain true and faithful to the Lecture if. Confirmation. Gospel of Christ, this she has done, and labored 13-1- n, 3-- 3-- 5; 36-39- 13-17- 22-2- 5. devotedly for the advancement of the work of Confirmation follows baptism. And he God. Therefore, be it resolved by the sisters of the said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ward Relief Society that we tender to Santaquin Ghost since ye believed? And they said her bereaved sons and daughters our heartfelt uuto him, We have not so much as heard sympathy, and trust that they will be comforted whether there be any Holy Ghost, etc. in tne assurance that their mother is not dead, 8: Mark 7: 10; Doc. but has gone to a brighter and better world; be it Acts 19: further & Cov. 20: ; 14: 52. Baptism of the Resolved, that a cop of these resolutions be Holy Ghost. John 1: 33, Acts 1:5; II enrolled upon the records of the Society, and also Nephi 31: i 13; III iNephi 12: 1; 19: 13. 14. published in the Woman's Exponent. Alice Ellsworth, Secretary. The Holy Ghost received through the Utah, May 13 1905. Santaquin, laying on of hands. And when Paul had laid his bands upon them the Holy Ghost came on them and they spake with tongues RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. and prophesied. Acts 19: 6; 8: Heb; 2-- 14-1- 6; 41-49- 15-2- 0; 6: 1:4.. P. EVANS. TO THE MEMORY OK MARGARET PARTED THIS LIFE MARCH 8l'H, Review Entire Lectures. Ann T. Walker, Lec!ure 12. Hattie C. Jensen, Lucy W. Steers. . A SAD DEATH. Sister Saiah M. Hammond. Secretary of the First Ward Relief Society of the Liberty Stake of Zion departed this life May 1, 1905. SisterHa nmond svasthe daughter of Daniel and Sarah Hammond, of Millville. Cache county. She was born in Ogiien on the nth of July, 1S61, and was reared a Latter-da- y Saint, her parents being among the pioneers who crossed the plains in ox teams. She w as a dutiful and loving daughter. At the age of 24 she became the wife of Dates R. Hammond, son of Milton D. Hammond, of Providence. The marriage was solemnized in the Logan temple. Owing to the business of Brother Hammond they traveled a good deal of the time, coming back occasionally to the old homestead. About eight years ago they finally settled in Salt Lake City. Sister Hammord was a Saint in very deed. She was loved by all who knew her, and especially by the sisters of the Relief Society, who lose in her not only a friend but a good hard worker. She was elected secretary of the First Ward Relief Society on February 1, 1902, occupying that position up to the time of her death. Her bocks were always kept very neat, correct, and up to date. She leaves a husband and four sons, the oldest being 19 and the voungest ten days old; also two brothers and four sisters and a host of friends to mourn her loss Her married life vras an exceptionally happy one, and may our Father comfort the bereaved in this their hour of trial, Mary K. Stelter, Asst. Sec. WIID DE- I905. Sister Margaret P. Evans, who departed this life March 8th, 1905, to join her loved ones who had gone before, was a woman of great strength of character and uncommon executive ability. She in various ways and in many will be misi-eplaces. She was a woman of great integrity to the Gospel, and of a generous nature. Her go d deeds will live in the memory of many whom she helped without letting her right hand know what her left hand doeth, according to the scripture. Sister Evans was teacher and efficient treasurer in the Relief Society for many years, which office she held at the time of her death. She was also a member of the Ward Choir and took an active part in the Sunday School and the Y. L.M.I. A. The Relief Society officers of Timpanogus Ward, to which she belonged, wishing to do honor to her memory, have prepare the following 1 RESOLUTIONS: Whereas, Our much esteemed sister and has by the hand of Divine Providence been iemoved from our midst and has, we feel confidently assured, gone to a better world, we, her sisters, who know her many loving deeds and appreciate her many noble qualities, desire to express our tender sympathy for the bereaved family and to acknowledge her labors and ministrations of kindness as. a member of the Relit f Society and also as a friend and neighber in the best sense of the word. Therefore, be it Resolved, That we humbly testify that Charity and Humility were leading traits of her character. Resolved, That ve tender our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved family of the deceased, and the sisters of the society to which she belonged may we follow her noble example of diligence and faithfulness. Resolved, That these Resolutions be recorded in er Expo- Phoebe Kartchner, Emma Poulsen, Temperance Evans. fun a Loveless. In behalf of the Timpanogus Ward Relief UTAH COMMISSION, LEWIS AND CLARK EXPOSITION. One hundred years ago, Meriwether Lewis and William Clark, under the direction of President Thomas Jefferson, crossed the continent, explored the northwest, and won for this nation the magnificent empire that stretches from the backbone of the continent to the prolific waters of thePacific rcean. An inspiring page ot American history tells of the achievement of these pioneers. Proud of this achievement, and reveling in the prosperity that followed it, the people of the northwest have completed plans for the celebration of the centennial anniversary of the arrival of the pioneers in an exposition to be held in the city of Portland, opening June 1 and closing 0 tober The sum of $5, 000, 000 has been se15. cure! for the purpose The promise is given that the display of the resources of the West and of the Orient will be the greatest in history. Utah is peculiarly interested in this exhibition. There is much in the story of the heroes who woii the west for our nation to appeal with foTce to the people of this state children and beneficiaries of a similar band of state builders. In addition to this, Utah holds much in common with the states of the West. In all branches of industry, socially and politically, the states of the Pacific slope are linked in the closest ties. Most travelers from the East and South wilt pass through Utah when they visit Portland next summer. The legislature appropriated $30,000 to enable this state to make an exhibit at this exposition. As a basis, the commissioners hive in their possession part of the display made at St. Louis last year. They have arranged for the erection of a state building on- a choice spot at the fair, and in this one building will be arranged all that Utah has to show. The citizens of the entire state are urged to co operate with the commsssioners to the end that Utah, the baby sister in the family of commonwealths, may appear to advantage in the eytsof visitors from all parts of the civilized world. The time is short, and prompt action is urged. All exhibits intended for the fair should be in the hands of the commissioners in Salt Lake 'not later than May 15 As far as possible, members of the commission or those placed in charge of particular dep?rtments will 'visit the different parts of the state and explain in detail what is especially desired in the way of exhib ts. In the meantime, the headquarters of the commission will be in the City and County Building in Salt Lake, adjoining the office of the Governor. There all interested in the exhibit will be made welcome, aui there will be found some one ready and willing to furni h information desired. John C. Cutler, Chairman, Wesley K. Walton, Rudolph Cutlsr, Webb Greene, F. W. Fishburu, commissioners for Utah. M. F. Cunningham, secretary, Spencer Clawson, manager. - 