WOMAN'S 6o Woman's Exponent EA1MELIAE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year. $1.00; one copy six months No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv-;re- d 50 cts extra for postage one year. 2 cts. mail, by Advertising rates: E&ch square, ten lines of nonpanel disspace one tune $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E B. WELLS, EXPONENT Delicious refreshments were served to all guests by daughters and granddaughters of the veteran bridegroom, who had, not long since reached his forrscore years. The remainder of the evening was pleasantly spent in social chat and conversation. Among the distinguished guests was Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith, General President of the Relief Society, who had known Brother S. W. Richards from his coming to Nanvoo His with his father's family in 1842. brother, Elder Henry P. Richards and wife, and his sister, Maria W. Wiicox were present to participate in the honor shown their Salt Lake City, Utah brother. Of the original Richards family who from the Berkshire hills in Massachucame Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake Ctty, I tah, as to setts Nanvoo, these three are the only s matter. t remaining ones. Their father, Phineas and his wife Wealthy Dewey Richards, Salt Lake City, Utah, February, 1905 passed away some years ago, also Apostle Willard Richards, uncle of Samuel, who became one of the First Presidency after the A GOLDEN WEDDING. maityrdom of the Prophet Joseph, and died in 1856. A sister Rhoda Richards All of a tenor was their after life; No day discolor'd with domestic strife; and brother Levi passed away here. No jealousy, but rrwitual truth believed Apostle Franklin D. Richards was of the Secure repose and kindness undeceiv'd. same family who came to Nauvoo in 1842. St. Valentine's Day, 1905, was the fiftieth These have all a numerous posterity in Zion, except Aunt Rhoda Richards, who anniversary of the marriage of Samuel W, never married, although she lived to be Richards and his wife Mary Ann Parker and was a remarkable woman over Richards, and the festive occasion was ap- in ninety, many ways. The Richards family is propriately celebrated at the residence of counted among the famous families in his daughter Elizabeth and her husband, Church history, along with the Smiths, the Dr, and Mrs EHas S. Wright. There certain y is no more suitable day Youngs, and the Kimballs. for weddings than when the birds mate in February, and when nesting and A RELIEF SOCIETY SOCIAL. is in the air; and although in 1855, when the marriage ceremony was solemWith the departure of Sister Hattie Blair nized, this young couple might not have for Utah where she expects in the future to had in mind or chosen that particular day, make her home, the Brooklyn conference yet having grown sentimental as they grew loses one of its most va iant workers, and in years, perchance it may have dawned our R lief We shall Society its president. upon them. indeed miss her pleasant face, for she is like The party given tbem was a complete a streak of sunshine wherever she goes. surprise and proved a perfect success. Espt cially will the family of Sister Joanna Theie were nearly one hundred present, Simms, who has been ill this winter at the and the affair was simply delightful, with- hospital and the care of whose six little chilDr. Wright, dren fell out parade or ostentation. upon the Relief Society, apprecithe host of the evening, was Master of ate the efforts of Sister Blair, when she is Ceremonies and proved himself very efficifar away in Zion The rooms were ent in that capacity. At the mission headquarters, on Febhandsomely decorated, and the bride and ruary 14, a genuine surprise was planned bridegroom, guests of honor, were seated for Sister Blair who came bustling into our in the bay window of the library, where regular weekly evening meeting, as she they received the guests with unfeigned supposed. One needs only to attend a sodignity and graciousness. The numerous cial gathering of Saints and missionaries to relatives and friends, their cordial and gen- feel the true spirit of love and unity which uine greetings, were a source of true happi- is characteristic of the "Mormons." ness to their recipients. A splendid impromptu program, in which Dr. Wrght gave the company some stira new piano figured conspicuously, made ring instrumental music, and a few young the earlier hours pass pleasantly. people, and here and there one of the older The ready response of Sister Ellen Thomladies indulged in dancing, sort of inform- as, Eiders Kennard and Pack, with Sister ally. A poem of affectionate remembrance J. R. Clark as accompanist, as well as the from a daughter in southern Utah, Mrs. singing of the different groups of Elders, Annie Spilsbury, was read by Dr. Wright, was very much appreciated. and also one from her daughter Josephine, Sisters Givilliams, White and Leone by the genial host. Miss Geneva Wright, Taylor gave literary numbers very creditgave two recitations charmingly, "Ida's ably. First Beau" and "Grandma at the MasSister Taylor also furnished American querade." Little Afton Wright recited Beauty roses and carnations (her Valentine "My Firstest Christmas Tree." Mrs. E. from Utah) which added to the evening's B. Wdls read, by request, a poem, "Reminiscences (Only a Fragment)," written lor pleasure. Part of the program consisted of the rethe Daughters of the Pioueers. Elder Richlease of Sister Bla r and the appointment of ards gave some very interesting items of Sister Sadie G. Pack of Utah as president of his lite, that recalled to the older people the society. scenes of other days and old fr ends and Remarks were made by President Jnhn intimate associates.es-peciallthose who had M. McFarlane, Sister Blair and counselors, been prominent in Church history. and President Pack. Refreshments were served, after which Counselor Annie Mae Clark,' in behalf of the society, ptesented Sister Blair with an autograph album, expressions of love and blessings her friends. Games and charades made ry the later hours till good nights of y ng mer- were said. Much praise is due the secretary of our society, Sister Belle Shaffer, for her able Also President management of the affair. and Sister McQuarrie, whose hospitality we enjoyed. I will close with a tribute from one of the Saints to S'ster Blair, read during the eve-in- g. E. I. L. A TRIBUTE. scond-clas- love-maki- full from Since I cannot mingle my voice with yo irs tonight, I desire to send my mite in the entertainment and cheer of her in whose honor you have met. Dear Sbter Blair, whom I have learned to love as one of my own kin, what a joy it has been to know and to labor with her! And cannot all of the sisters say the same? During the brief time she has been our president, who shall estimate the work she has performed? Not great deeds which make a gliltering show, but little acts of charity and love, the object for which our society was organized. Only fnture years will enable us to realize and appreciate such work, while those poor and needy among us to whom her efforts have been more closely directed will love and praise her memory when she is far away In contemplating the splendid example she has been to us, of virtue, patience, love and sunshine, Solomon' eulogy to his ideal of womankind seems most fitting to her. "Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies. The heart of h r husband doth safely trust in her, so that he shall have no need of spoil. She will do for hira good aud not evil all the days ot her life. She seeketh wool and flix and work-et- h willingly with her hands. She riseth while it is yet night and giveth meat to her household, and a portion to her maidens. She considereth a field and buyeth it with the fruit of her hands she plantcth a vineyard. She girdeth her loins with strength. She perceiveth that her merchandise is good, her candle goeth not out by night. She layeth her hands to the spindle, and her hands hold the distaff. She stretcbeth out her hand to the poor, yea she reacheth forth her hands to the needy. She is not afraid of the snow, for all her household is clothed in scarlet. Strength and honor are her clothing and she srall rejoice in time to come. She openeth her mouth with wisdom, and in her tongue is the law of kindness. She looketh well to the ways of her household and eateth not the bread of idleness. Her children rise up and call her blessed; her husband also and he praiseth her." That all of God's choicest blessings may be the future for our sister is the wish of One of MISS the Society. ANTHONY AND POLYGAMY. Boston Woman's Journal, Feb. 11, 1905 Opponents of Equal rights for women are scattering broadcast through the press accusations that the woman suffragists, and especially Miss Anthony and Mrs. May 