WOMAN'S EXPONENT. It was a day to be remembered by those present particulaily because of the renew- e acquaintances, who meet so ing of seldom socially nowadays on the great highThe writer extends sincerest way of life. congratulations to Mrs. Wells and may her days be lengthened out, and all her ways be smooth and peaceful as the years roll old-tim- EDITORIAL NOTES. The minutes of the General Conference of the Relief Society will be published in the May number of the paper. Some othe other matter deaths, etc., that are left over will be used next issue. Those who send articles for publication in the paper will please put the name of the writer, it is quite impossible to guess at the right signature and each one writing an article for publication should sign her own name or nom de plume if she so desires. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. WAYNE STAKE. Wayne Stake Relief Society Conference was held Jan. 14, 1905, at Thurber R. S. Hall, Pres. Jane S. Coleman presiding; after the usual opening exercises Pres. Coleman wished all present a happy and prosperous New Year; thought the minutes just read were of an elevating nature, reported Stake labors, that there was perfect Counselor M. union in the Stake Board. E. Hanks could not be present, her babe Counselor Sarah Forsyth being sick. had been honorably released and was now in Canada, which left a vacancy in the Stake officers, spoke very highly of her good words and deeds, that she would always be held in loving remembrance by her sisters in the Wayne Stake; Sister Bathshe-b- a Grundy was chosen to act as Second The Counselor, received a clear vote. were duties of the officers and members spoken upon and that the Relief Society was especially for looking after the poor and sick and those who need warming up in the faith of the Gospel. Loa Relief Society, reported by Counselor Elizabeth Jeffrey; Lyman, Counselor Orilla Chappel; Thurber, Pres. Sarah E. Meeks; Teasdale, Counselor Angeline Coleman; Torey, Pres. Mary E. Perry; all were in good condition, they all had gathered up a good donation of wheat for storing; all made good remarks upon Relief Society work. Counselor Bathsheba Grundy felt that the Spirit of the Lord was in our midst, was desirous to do that which would be required of her as a Stake officer. Sister Sarah A. Robison was truly grateful to enjoy this conference, said much good can be accomplished by the Relief Society teachers, to cheer the. down cast, visit the sick and by being active members it made us better wives and mothers. Elder Joseph Eckersley felt the Relief Society was a tower of strength, said Pres. Coleman was faithful and untiring in her efforts, that Counselor Mary , E.' Hanks' heart was in' the work, that Counselor Sarah S. Forsyth's presence ; would be missed, spoke "highly ,qf. her faitbtuLlabdr, . in the Wayne Stake, thought Sister Grundy had proven her interest in Woman's work, in other associations, and she could be depended upon; paid tribute to the lovely, genial character of the late Sister Lucinda Brown who had recently passed from this life, advised teaching purity of life to our sons and daughters, try to seek for the Spirit of the Lord and have discernment to choose the good and refuse the evil, and understand the spirit of the time; be true to your covenants, honor your callings, and the blessing of the Lord be upon you. Benediction by Elder Gastian S. Bastian. Afternoon session. Pres. Jane S. Coleman read the yearly financial statement. Spoke about what had been accomplished in silk culture, the sample of cocoons sent to the division of entomology at Washington D. C- - were pronounced very gocd by the chief of the bureau and graded firs class, said it was very pleasing to know our trees were of a good quality, felt we were favored by having the Stake Presidency at our conference. Elder G. S. Bastian spoke on looking after the poor, that none should suffer, also that parents should study the natures of their children, to teach them purity and reverence, mothers prepare their children for Sabbath school, their influence was the greater in the home, they were always present with the children, would have liked to see more of the brethren present, many of the sisters had come Irom a distance wnicn showed interest in the work, prayed the blessing of the Lord upon the Relief Society. Sister L. C. Ostberg, missionary, enjoyed the excellent spirit of the conference, spoke to mothers upon the responsibility resting upon them to teach honesty, truth, and other virtues. Sisters Kingstrup, Eliza Brinkerhoff, Flora Russel, Bathsheba Grundy, all made remarks encouraging to young mothers, urging them to live up to the teachings of the Gospel, and bore their testimonies to the truth of the work of the Lord, and all had kind words to say of Counselor Sarah S. Forsyth who had left the Wayne Stake. Bishop George Stringam had enjoyed listening to the remarks of the brethren and sisters, did not know how we could get along without the Relief Sociely sisters, said the Relief Society is a good help in the Church. Benediction by Sister Viola Singing. Brinkerhoff. Conference adjourned for six months. 7?r MOTHERS WORK: WASATCH STAKE. Lesson XIII. Charity. Bear ye one another's burdens And so fulfill the law of Christ. Teach children to sacrifice some of their pleasure for the happiness of others, b. Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this: "To visit the fatherless and the widow in their gffliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world." Ref. Oct. Era, 1903. Nov. Y. L. Journal, a. 1904- - . Lesson XIV. Economy. I Money, its use and abuse, b. Self-- ' denial, c. Avoid debt, danger of borrow"Neither a borrower or a lender be, ing. for loan oft loses both itself arid friend and a. borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.'',' d. Economy of time. Lesson XV. Selfishness. Parental and family selfishness, a. b. Christ's example is pure unselfishness. Ref. Nov. Y. L. Journal, 1904. Lesson, XVI. Self-Contr- ol. b. Temperance; ;c Temptation, is the'virtue which' Courage. regulates behavior by reason. , Ref. Jan. a. Self-contr- Era, 1904. Y. May, 1900. XVII. Lesson Cheerfulness. Cheerfulness and its effects, and its effects, b. Our duty is to be happy and to make others happy. Ref.' Y. L. Journal, Aug. 1900. Lesson XVIII. Reverence for Sacred a. fault-findin- g- . ' Things. .'. v - a. ; Reverence for Deity, b. Reverence for the house of worship, c. Reverence for sacrament vessels. Irreverence comes mostly from thoughtlessness and not from desire. Ref. May Era, 1903. Journal.Oct. ' ' ;: Anna Committee: and R.' Presidency Duke, Elizabeth Murdock; Lovisa Alexander. Sarah K. Duke, Sec. 1900: - i . ..... C Williams. A great meeting was held in London on March 14 by the National Union, a federaMary tion of twenty sevens Woman-- Suffrage Associations. Queen's Hall was packed, and enthusiasms About eighty IN MEMORIAM. members of Parliament Were present. Mr. were Whereas: Our Dear ' Sister Sophia T." Leonard Courtney presided" Sir addresses Sir Wilfrid Chas. L'awson, by Nuttall has been called upon to mourn the. loss of her companion, Elder L John Nut-tal- l; M'Laren and six other members of Parliament, and by the Countess of Aberdeen and Mrs. Millicent Garrett Fawcett. John Mor-le- y Be it resolved; that we the members of the 17th sent a letter, in which he saidi "It is Ward Relief Society extend our love and symto pretend either that women are absurd pathy to herself and family praying that our ' in His incapable of political interest- and'eapacity Holy Spirit Heavenly Father will pour out abundance upon them to bless and comtort their or that voting; must' be injurious 'to their wounded hearts; may the husband's and father's womanhood.". Our American "Antis" alinfluence remain with them throughout their livts ways try to make out that municipal sufto replace in part his presence. frage in England-i- s limited to a, few rich Resolved that we as a Society do mourn his loss women.AO this meeting Mr.. Batnfo'rd on account of his devotion to Relief Society work M. P., quoted some interesting LanSlack, being ever willing to assist us with his worthy cashire figures. In ;Bolton, he' said, there counsel and noble advice: were 5234 women voters on the municipal Resolved that a copy of this be placed on the register, .of whom 752 were working worecords of the Society and also published in the men. In a typical ward in Nelson the Woman's Exponent. of working women was 95 per cent. . Fidelia Jacobs, Pres. -- there-was.muc- h and-ther- e - - .' pro-portio- . . n' 