WOMAN'S 20 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS. Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. EXPONENT by Mrs. Diana F. Rich, after comments by the members and some regrets expressed that the paper on Gen. Mercer was not ready, the society adjourned for efforts one who looks below the surface of things can easily seeEven among our own people the LatterSaints who believe implicitly in -day and the United Order as in the early days of revelation given by the Church, are far. removed from the actual practice except in a very small way, and yet in theory they have the very best ideas in the worldA nunber of books have been written on these subjects and scores of magazine articles, but the one book that seemed most widely read at the time of its publication and caused the greatest awakening on the subject was Edward Bellamy's, "Looking Backward." It set forth a sort - the summer vacation. On June to, the annual meeting for the Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah of officers for the ensuing year election Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months was held and after interesting reports of 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year. 2s cts. the year's work from all of the retiring Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel the annual election was held and officers, space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. resulted in the election of Mrs- Mary Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Cannon, Regent; Mrs. Ella V. Hyde Street; Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every Miss Catherine Wells, Vice Regents; and day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. Clarissa Y. Spencer, Secretary; Mrs. Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Emily H. C Willey, Cor. Sec'y; Salt LakBCiiy, Utah. P. M. Farnsworth, Ass't Sec'y; Mrs. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, ' t.ih, S Sarah F. Smith, Treasurer; Mrs. Maria s of impracticable "fad," that people talked Y. Dougall, Registrar; Mrs. E. B. Wells, matter. of for some years, and which we never Historian; Mrs. Phebe Y. Beatie, ChapSalt Lake City, U.tah, - September, 1905 hear spoken of now; but the revelations lain. The Regent expressed her desire of Joseph Smith the Prophet of the last to do all in her power to promote the days, are perfect in theory, though even spirit of patriotism and make the year's GENERAL CONFERENCE RELIEF SOCIETY. the people of the Church who should be work successful. The General Conference most interested in trying to live up to the Saturday, Sept. 16 at 3 p. m. the D. R. of the Relief Society will be held in the higher law, or to approach a condition Society held its first meeting after the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this city on tending towards it console themselves by vacation, Regent Mrs. Mary A. H. CanThursday, Oct. 5, 1905. Meetings com- saying, "People are not good enough non presiding. After a brief address in mencing at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. as usual. yet," and that is undoubtedly true, but which she expressed her appreciation of There will be another session of the Con- that is not an excuse that should hinder the honor conferred and her desire to do ference held on Monday, Oct. 9 at 2 p. m. those who believe in the great power of her utmost to increase the membership in the same place. love to all mankind from making a su- and give satisfaction in the position to It is hoped there will be a representative preme effort towards living up to the which she had been elected, the minutes from every Stake organization of the Savior's injunction, "Love your neighbor of the May meeting were read and apSociety and a large attendance of the as yourself," or from practising the Goldproved and as the Treasurer who had been membersen rule ''To do to others as you would chosen could not accept the position, The First Presidency of the Church, they should do unto you." E. R. Webber was elected by unanThese are given us for all time and imous vote. A very excellent and interestApostles, Patriarchs. Council of Seventy, Bishops and other brethren, also the times, and are every day mottoes for our ing paper was given by Mrs. Julia P. M. sisters of the Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary life conduct. Farnsworth on the life and military caA book recently written and published are invited to attend the Conference. reer of Gen. Stark quite a number of (Notice of Officers meeting will be given on the matter of union, etc, is by Ray- comments were made, Mrs. B- W. Smith mond L- Bridgeman and entitled "World stated a member of the Smith family later). The General Board of the Relief So- Organization," the ideas are said by re- Mrs. Zilpha Stark Smith was a grandviewers to be as old as the New Tes- daughter of Gen. Stark. The other paper ciety will give a reception to the Presidents of Stakes and missions or their tament. The book generalizes on the on Dr. Joseph Warren could not be given, representatives at the Bee Hive House, idea of the unification of the nations of Mrs. Phebe Y. Beatic being absent in Thursday evening, Oct. 5 from 7:30 to 11 the world in one legislative, judicial and Mexico. Society adjourned until Oct. 16 o'clock. General Officers of the Y. L. executive body. The author maintains same hour and place. M. I. A. and Primary Association are inthat "the formal endorsement of the vited to attend this reception. principle of world legislation has been W. Bathsheba Smith, practically recognized by the organization TRULY A MOTHER IN ISRAEL. of the International Postal Union, the General President. Annie Taylor Hyde, establishment of a common prime meridIda SmootJDusenberry, ian, sanitary conferences, the Red Cross MARY ISABELLA HORNE, Counselors. legSociety and various other world-widislation." Mr. Bridgeman points out ''the It is always painful to record the death urgent demand and possibility of world of those we love, and especially those THE THEORY OF ORGANIZATION. legislature" and "lays down some broad whose lives have been waymarks for principles which will be essentially de- others to follow; and whose associations The spirit of organization has been clared in the world constitution and bill have been so closely mingled and intertwined with those they have left behind hovering around the earth ever since the cf rights." world "the moves" them days of the Prophet Joseph Smith and That, along many through many long years; all these the restoration of the Gospel. One only lines of activity and of thought is yery ap- sentiments make the feeling of sadness has to go to the Book of Doctrine and parent to those who are watching the more profound, and it is the more diffCovenants, and read the revelation there signs of the times. And in this connection icult to write what the heart would dicgiven at a very early date in Kirtland, one vividly recalls the prophetic words of tate. April 23, 1834 concerning the order to be Tennyson. Of the honored veteran women of the observed in temporal matters, as well as "Till the it has fallen to the lot of the Church war drums throb'd no longer and the spiritual, and strange to say these theories s writer not only to write biographies of are furled. concerning union and so forth have been In the parliament of man, the federation of the them while living, but to prepare obituworld." fermenting in the minds of people, and ary notices for a very large number. We peoples more and more; unions here and recall a score and more of these noted unions there failures too in one way or women who knew the prophet Joseph another generally, and nationalism and EDITORIAL NOTES. Smith, and who were counted among internationalism taught and talked about, those greater women of the early days of federations of this and federations of that The Daughters of the Revolution held the Church; but only a very few remain and on large and small the regular meeting Tuesday, May 16 in with us now. scales in many countries. Then the the Exponent Office, Templeton BuildSister M. Isabella Home was one of efforts made for peace and arbitration all ing: in the absence of the the and early converts to the faith of the Lattertend in the same direction towards uni- Vice Regents, Mrs. Isabel M.Regent W. Sears -day Saints, and it was her good forversal feeling and brotherhood, and unitby special request presided. After the tune to entertain the Prophet in her own ing of interests, but how far off the world transaction of some business, an excellent home in Canada, in the autumn of 1836; is from the culmination of these spasmodic paper on Gen. Ethan Allen was given the Prophet Joseph Smith was accom- - - A-H- Mrs-Juli- i'.cond-clas- Semi-Annu- al Mrs-Mar- - - - e . battle-flag- ! on . 