WOMAN'S EXPONENT freedom pervade the very atmosphere. Place here such pictures, as will bring to the mind of the dwellers therein pure, ennobling thoughts. A few flowers in the window sweetens the air, makes the room look graceful and refreshing. The flower is a companion that will never say a cross thing to any one, but will always look beautiful and Does it not appeal to you that smiling. this is just the room in which to serve your meals. Man does not live to eat, but he certainly eats to live, and the perfection and beauty of his spirit is largely conditioned upon the health of his body since in a large measure the daily food conditions the health of the body, every possible care must be taken to have the greatest amount of good come from the food. For this reason, it is imperative to have pleasant surroundings, those that are most conducive to cheerful and festive train of thought and good nature. If the mind is soothed and at rest, the food taken is much more beneficial to the body. No matter how plain, how simple the food may be the thoughful mother will exert every effort to serve each meal in a proper manner. First of all she will see to it that the room is clean, freshly aired and dusted and the table in its right place. In setting the table it is a good plan to have a thick piece of canton flannel cloth to lay first on the table. This cloth will not only protect the table from the hot dishes, but will prevent the sound of dishes being set down upon the table. On top of that lay the table cloth perfectly straight, with no wrinkles. It is preferable to use a white cloth, no matter how cheap the material, for even then it can be kept white and well laun-drie- d, and to the looks appeals to our better self, makes the plainest food sweeter to the taste. Much labor can be saved if the table linen, after using, is properly cared for by the crumbs being removed and folded neatly in the creases and carefully iaid away, We may consider a few simple directions for setting the table. Where soup, meat, vegetables and dessert are served, the table can be set as follows: First set a plate for each person, at the right side of the plate place a knife with the sharp edge towards the plate; next to ?he knife a soup spoon with the open side of the bowl up. At the left place a fork, next to the fork the napkin. If bieadand butter plates are used, place them at the left; put the glass of water in line with the end of the blade of the knife. Put a mat for the meat dish before the carver, and on each side of the table for the vegetables. Place the carving knife at the right of the carver and the fork at the left and a table spoon in front of him. Put a table spoon where each dish of vegetables is to be placed, also at the other end of the table. Have the dessert plates with the necessary silver for each one teaspoon or knife or fork depending on the dessert placed on aside table near at hand. Fill the glasses with water and place a pitcher of water on the table. If you use pickles or catchup, place them on the table. Remove the soup dishes and bring on the meat and vegetables. Put the warm plates before the carver. Remove the remaining dinner and bring on the dessert, Perhaps there is no branch of domestic science in the home which is of greater consequence than that in the preparation and cooking of the A good cook must know how to take "left ovei,"keep them fresh and sweet, and out of them make other nourishing preparations. If there is one kind of food that seems more precious than another it is bread. As bread is the staff of life, we should be The very careful not to waste any. Lord has abundantly blessed us in these days with plenty, When we read of the priyatione of the pioneers of this country, when flour was almost worth its weight in gold, and when our missionaries abroad have testified of its value and longed for even a crust, we should sense the importance of wisely using this great boon to the best advantage. There are many ways !n which odd pieces of stale bread can be put to use. Steamed bread, milk toast, bread pudding, cheese toast, dressings for fowls, drying, rolling and sifting odd pieces of bread, placing in a clean, dry jar can be kept any length of time and used for a variety of purposes. Economy should be the watchword in every household, and one illustration in this direction will suffice to show how the frugal mother can have a variety of dishes from a very small outlay. In the making of soups, by a little tact, the use of a fair sized bone, such as can be bought for fifteen or twenty-fiv- e cents, can be used in a variety of ways. You first make your stock by boiling the meat, which is strained, cooled and all fat removed. This stock can be kept for a week in a cool place. A little potato hash can be made from the meat. If any of this remains, the flavor can be changed by adding fine chopped onions and fried into patties. From this stock you can first make a good vegetable soup, and what is left over strain and make a tomato soup by adding a spoonful of corn starch and the tomato iuice and seasoning to taste. .The potato juice thus used is put up when the regular stock of tomatoes are prepared for the winter, by being well cooked, strained, and bottled, ready to use for such a purpose. If any of tke stock is left, make into a clear soup the 27 those delicious apple dumpling, such as mother made. I readily consented, believing that I could easily accomplish the task, as I had previously watched mother make them. After all preparations had been made and extra precautions taken to insure success, we sat down to feast upon them, but, alas! to my great disappointment, they were heavy and appeared as so many balls of lead, and my brother laughed so heartily that I persuaded him to throw all of them to the pigs, and extorted a promise that the matter should be kept a secret. Nothing was said till next morning, when my brother was engaged in attending to the animals and reported to father that one of the pigs was ill. My father hastened to the pen and suggested that the animal was only sleeping, and requested the boy to awaken it, and at the same time giving the grunter a poke with his cane. It was of no use, however, and they were about to remove the body, when the thoughtsuggested itself as to how the pig had died, On close investigation it was discovered, to my great mortification and embarrasment, that it had been one ' of my dumplings. Let the table be the happy eating place of a merry group, and not simply a dull board where the members come only to eat; and lastly, but not least, let the house all day long, be the scene of pleasant looks, pleasant words, kind and affectionate acts. Let the sitting room at evening be the place where a merry company settle themselves to books and games, until the round of goodnight kisses are in order. I think of no work to which a woman is called that presents as many interesting problems, or that should be fuller of woman. interest to the broadly-educate- d Almost every science is brought into play in the equipment and management of a home. May we, as mothers who have sons and daughters growing up around us, ever think of the responsibility of keeping alive the home feeling in the hearts of our children, and thus perpetuate the virtues and graces with which our heavenly Father has endowed us. Mary rest. Many other illustrations in this direction might be given to good advantage, but time will not permit. But having been requested by our worthy president to relate some of my first experienecs, I venture to offer the following: On account of the ill health of my father when I was about eleven years of age, our family leased a home in a little country town. The farm was stocked with the usual supply of horses, cows, pigs and poultry. It was usual for my parents to visit in town once a week, and on such occasions it fell to my lot to prepare whatever As meals were had in their absence. there was plenty of fruit on the premises, we were allowed to help ourselves, and like growing children always are, my brother and I not being able to content ourselves till dinner time, were appeasing our appetites with an apple. The thought occurred to my brother that it (would be a good idea to have some of A. Cutler. OBITUARY. RESOLUTIONS. Resolutions of respect to the memory of Sister Laura Andrus, President of the West St. George Ward Relief Society, who departed this life July 4, 1905. Whereas, after a long and severe illness our worthy and beloved President has been called home to our Heavenly Father, Therefore be it, Resolved that we express our love and respect for Sister Andrus and our appreciation of the good and noble work which she has done. Resolved that we do extend our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved husband and pray that our Heavenly Father will pour out his Holy Spirit upon him to bless and comfort his wounded heart, as also the hearts of all her other loved ones left to mourn her loss. Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be sent to ber husband, and one to the Woman's Exponent and also a copy be placed on the records of the Society. Secretary. 