WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 78 A BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH OF SISTER ELLEN SEMMIONS HARRISON. Ellen S. Harrison was the daughter of George and Charity Walles, and was born the 5th day of March, 1859, at Keymore, near Brighton, Sussex, England. Sister Harrison was baptized into the Church of Saints in the Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y year 1869, by her father, who was at that time President of the Sussex branch of the Church. Sister Harrison's mother died when Ellen was between the ages of i3 and 14 years. In the year 1875, she in connection with her sister, Charity, emigrated to America and settled in Salt Lake City, Utah, where she went to live with Sister Joshua K. Midgley, and there remained until the 8th day of July, 1880, when she married Edwin D. Harrison. In 188 1 she in connection with her husband left Salt Lake City, and took up their residence in the city of Logan, Cache County, Utah, where she immediately identified herself with the Relief Society of the Third Ward, of said city. Shortly after going to Logan her husband was called to fill a mission to Great Britain, thus leaving Sister Harrison to provide and care for herself and seven children, which she nobly did for over two years. In June, 1898, she and her husband with their children moved to the Pocatello ward, where she at once began an active work in Relief Society. On the 6th day of July, 1899, she was called and set apart to be Second Counselor to Sister Regina Pond, President of the Pocatello Ward Relief Society, which position she held until May, 1900. On the last named date Brother L. the society and John Nuttall Sister Harrison was set apart to be its President, which position she nobly filled until September 22nd, 1903, when she was honorably released to become the Second Counselor to the Stake President of the same organization, which position she was honorably filling at the time of her death, which occurred on the 27 th day of January, of this year (1905). Sister Harrison is the mother of nine children, eight of whom are now living, Three sons and five daughters. These in connection with an affectionate children, husband, are left to mourn her demise. She was a loving wife, a devoted mother and was beloved by all who knew her, and has gone to receive her glorious reward. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT To the memory of the late Sister Ellen S. Harrison, unanimously adopted by the Relief Society Stake officers at their regular meeting March 8th, 1905: We, the officers of the Stake Board of the Relief Society, realizing the great loss sustained by the Ward and Stake Relief Society in the death of our beloved Sister, Ellen S, Harrison, who departed this life on the 27th day of January, 1905, desire to express our deep sense of the worth and excellent qualities of our departed sister; therefore be it Resolved, That in Stake Counselor Ellen S. Harrison, we recognize a capable and good worker, one who has left behind her a grand and noble example of her faith in God and the principles of the Gospel, and we are left to emulate her example, to treasure up the words of faith, hope, charity, and love that fell from her lips and was practised in her life. That in her death we are deprived of a selor, which position she held up to the time of her valuable Counselor whose presence will be death. From August 1880 till March 1905, this chain has sadly missed in our councils; been broken, till God in His infinite wisdom never bethe That we deeply sympathize with links home, to take one of its saw fit reaved family, and pray the Lord to sustain where she will continue her brightest labors of usefulness and comfort them in their great sorrow, and love. For nearly a quarter of a century she has served that they may look up to the Father in us faithfully and well. She was a kind and deHeaven she loved so well and take courage voted wife and mother, devoted to her family, her in following in her footsteps; friends and her God. And as much as we regret That while we lament the death of a the separation, we rejoice in the thought of the we bow in submission to glorious reception she will meet in the mansions loved e know that the closing of the fiat of Him who doeth all things vell; of our Father. is And of another which the life here, her beginning That these resolutions be placed upon the shall be far more glorious and eternal. minutes of the board, and that copies be furnisbed the family. RESOLUTIONS. Secretary. IN MEMORIAM. PHEBE CAMPBELL ATKINSON. Sketch and resolutions of respect to the memory of Sister Phebe Campbell Atkinson, who departed this life at Bountiful October 21, 190 4 Sister Atkinson was in her 96th year, and her living descendants number 450 souls. She had 15 children, 77 grand-childre- n. 329 and 39 Sister Atkinsou was born at New Brunswick, Canada, October 9, 1809. Her marriage to Bro. Atkinson occurred in 1834. She emigrated to Utah m j 85 3, settling in Bountiful, Has been a faithful member of the Church from that time till her death. Sister Atkinson was a member and officer of the Relief Society from the time it was organized in' Bountiful, and at the time the ward was divided in 1877, Sister Atkinson was appointed president of the South Bountiful Relief Society January 26, 1879. In that capacity she worked faithfully, always striving to do her duty, and at the end of 15 years resigned on account of ill health, having gained the love and respect of all who were associated with her. She was a woman of great faith and integrity to the Gospel; her testimony was always bright. She was not ashamed to defend the principles of her religion, and was true to every principle of the Gospel, including that of celestial marriage. She died as she had lived, firm in the faith, and with a sure hope of a glorious resurrection. RESOLUTIONS. Therefore be it resolved, that we, the officers of the Relief Society, do sincerely sympathize with the bereaved family, and we mourn for one who was in every respect worthy of our love and esteem. Resolved, that in her death we recognize the loss of a true Saint and a faithful worker; but she has fought the good fight and kept the faith, and there is a crown of righteousness awaiting her in the kingdom of God. Resolved, that these resolutions be placed upon the records of the South Bountiful Relief Society and that they be published in the Woman's Exponent, and a copy be given to the bereaved family. Mary A. Page, President. Sarah P. Moss, Secretary. IN MEMORIAM. Whereas our esteemed sister has been called to her heavenly home, we, her sisters, who know of her faithful life, desire to acknowledge her labors and ministrations of kindness, love and assistance as a counselor of our Relief Society, and also as a friend and neighbor in the best sense of the term. Therefore be it Resolved, that we do testify that humility, charity and faith were leading traits of her in character, and that her devotion to her family', her friends and her God is an example which we should all strive to emulate. Resolved, that these resolutions be recorded in our Relief Society record and also published in the Woman's Exponent. Margaret Anderson, Pres. Koosharem "Ward; Sabra J. Hatch, Counselor; Sarah Crawford, Secretary. ANNUAL DAY, ARCHER, IDAHO. The Relief Society held its annual day in the ward house, March 17, 1905. The exercises commenced at 10 o'clock, President Sarah S. Briggs presiding. The ward choir rendered singing. A sketch of the Relief Society was given by counselor Susannah Burns. Readings, comical and sentimental, singings, violin solos, organ selections, recitations, stump speeches and addresses, followed by remarks from the Bishop and Counselors, were greatly enjoyed by Dinner had been prepared those present. by the sisters, of which all seemed to partake freely. The afternoon was spent in social conversation and the day closed with a friendly dance. The health of the people is good and fair weather prevails. Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Gilman has had a busy time in England, where her friends had arranged to have her give eighteen lectures and addresses in thirteen days. From England she went to the Continent for a series ot twelve lecture engagements, beginning at Amsterdam, and going on to Vietc. Mrs. Gilman exenna, Buda-Pestpected to sail for America about March 25. h, In memory of Sister Kirsten Forgerson Anderson who departed this life, March 18th, 1905, at her home in Koosharem. Sevier Co., Utah. She was born in Norway, May 5th, 1828. She became a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints in the early 6o's, and emigrated in 1877, arriving in Ephraim Sanpete Co , Utah, July 24th of the same year. The following August she removed to Koosharem, then in Piute Co., with her husband, Andrew Anderson, two sons and two daughters, as follows. Mrs, Tosephine Nielson, of Richfield, Sevier Co., Utah, Mrs. Malvina Johnson, of Deweyville, Box Elder Co.. Utah, Theodore Anderson, Koosharem, Sevier Co., Utah, and Parley Anderson, who is Bishop of the same place. Ontheistof August. 1878. a Relief Society of the Koosharem ward was organized with Margaret Anderson as president, Eliza Rust, 1st counselor, Sabra J. Hatch. 2nd counselor. Sister Kirsten was sustained as teacher, an office which she faithrully filled for two years, when our ward was divided', taking Sister Rust from us. Sister Kirsten was then sustained as first coun- - Lady Warwick, the first of England's nobility to avow her belief in socialism, is about starting on an automobile tour through England preaching the doctrine. Among other things she will argue for education in the schools and the policy of Balfour and the Archagainst of bishop Canterbury. non-sectari- an Pundita Ramabai has secuied eighty-fou- r acres about thirty miles from Bengalore, with a large number of mango-bearintrees, wells, houses, and the use of a tank. The Widow's Home now in Bengalore will soon be removed there, but part of the Home at Bengalore will be maintained as a feeder to the new home. g 