Woman Exponent 9 The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY, 1905. Vol. 33 NEW YEAR'S GREETING. CONTENTS. B.W. S. 49 Year's Greeting Sketch of the Life of Elizabeth H. Hyde 49 51 Mother's Work Snowflake Stake New Repentance Day R. S. Liberty Stake General Relief Society Conference Musty Leaves, Brown with Age..: L. D. A. 51 E.B.W. Elder Stake R S. Box The New Year, D. R. Society Meetings Editorial Notes 52 64 55 E. I. L. The Doctrine and Covenants Obiturary In Memoriam Editorial: 51 55 54 55 52 1905 52 52 E. R. Snow Poktry: Twenty Years Ago from Far Away..S.E R. A Friendly Carol L. DA. Farewell to Forty-two 49 51 51 TWENTY YEARS AGO. WRITTEN REQUEST OF MRS. BATHSIIt B V SMITH, AND DEDICATED TO MRS. MARGARET F. SMOOT. BY Beneath the mountains crown'd with snow, With future prospects rife; The desert blossoms as the rose. And teems with joyous life. Roll back the curtain of the past Where time's swift changes flow, And take a retrospective cast Of twenty years ago. This, then was but a wild retreat. Where nature had no charms Untrod by all but savage feet, In most degraded forms, "f was all a waste, a barren sod A part of Mexico, Unsought by man unblest of God Till twenty years ago. In summer's sunshine, crickets here, And snakes, their rights maintain'd; And o'er the winters, bleak and drear, Cold desolation reign'd. Let fall the curtain look and see The present bright tableau, Contrasted uith the scenery Ot twenty years ago. We've brav'd the desert's trackless wilds We've tested untried soil, And here, a rich abundance smiles To compensate our toil. From bondage and oppression free With friendship's social flow We meet and chat with merry glee Of twenty years ago. The earth, its richest gifts bestows, And plenty smiles around A sea of life among us flows With love and beauty crown'd Thanks be to God the Holy One From whom all blessings flow, For what achievments we have won Since twenty years ago. E. R. Snow. G. S. L. City, July 24, 1867. Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith General President of the Relief Society, ha? received word that the Fifth Triennial of the Nat- ional Council of Women of the United States will open in Washington D. C, Apiil 10th, 1905. READ AT THE JANUARY MEETING. I feel to extend to my sisters of the Relief Society Board today wishes for a happy and prosperous New Year. As president I can wish nothing better for each and all of us than that we may liave the true Relief Society spirit. The true Relief Society spirit is to do good to others. It has been said that ambitious women would be found in our society. We build ourselves up surely, when we administer to others. Tbe Relief Society has no honors to confer on members, except to offer a means by which one may bless and comfort and provide for others. The position of an officer is in itself nothing to a Relief Society worker; but what she is able to do in that office is all to her and to this society. If we live in simplicity and in truth and love, naught can retard the work of our hands in doing good. For even though we offer little it will seem more. May we be able to work in harmony for the advancement of the cause we are all interested ir. God bless you, and peace be with you. Bathsheba W. Smith, General President Relief Society. SKETCH OF THE LIFE OF ELIZABETH H. HYDE. I was born in the town of Holliston, Middlesex Co. Massachusetts, on tbe 2nd day of Oct. 1813. My parents were Joel and Lucretia Morton Bullard, my grandmother's maiden name on ray mother's side was Esther Godard, she married Samuel Morton, who with two other brothers came from England to America when young men and settled in Athol.Mass. My grandfather served in the Revolutionary war. My father was born and always lived in Hollis ton, Mass. he was a well to do faimtr did not belong to any church, but was a whole-soule- d generous kind of a man, he died at the age of 55, leaving my mother with seven children three sons, and four daughters; her second son Lyman died previous to my father's death at the age of 18 years. My mother was one of the best of women kind and affectionate in her family, and beloved by all who had the pleasure of her acquaintance; she early taught her children to love and fear God and to live upright and honorable lives; she was a member of the Congregational Church, I was a subject of serious impressions from my earliest recollection, would often go to my chamber and pray that the Lorct would direct me how to obtain a change of heart which I earnestly sought after, as the ministers told us we must obtain in order to be saved; but they did not tell us how to obtain it, (not knowing themselves), thus proving themselves blind leaders of the blind. I continued praying however until I felt that light had broken into my mind and I thought I had obtained that, that I 7 No. 7. had been so anxiously seeking after, accordingly I manifested a wish to become a member of the church to which most of our family belonged; this was when I was 17 years of age, the form of receiving members was by going into the front aisle of the church facing the pulpit and the minister would read from a book called the church covenants. I have forgotton all but one clause, which reads, "That denying all ungodliness and every worldly lust we would live soberly, righteously and Godly in this present evil world," Then we would bow our heads as a token of assent, we then took of the sacrament and belonged to the church and were saved, no falling away from grace. Those who belonged to the church had their children sprinkled in infancy, I was one of that number," (consequently did not need sprinkling when joining the Church) and if any died without being baptized, as they called it, their doom was to go where fire and brimstone were abundant. I was either a pupil, or a teacher, in the Sabbath School in the church to winch I belonged, until I became connected with the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. In 1833, 1 went to Amherst Female Seminal y, in company with Elizabeth Haven, The af er wards Hster Israel Barlow. first elders that I saw were President Brig-haYoung and his brother Joseph, being relatives of our family they stopped at our house a short time, and conversed upon the subject of their belief and sang beautifully. "Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation" etc., their visit leit a very favorable impression upon our minds. The next elder that came to our house was Willard Richards he was also a relative of our family, and had often visited us before his connection with the church; he commenced talking witn me asking me if I believed the Bible? I replied I did, he then asked me if I believed in miracles and the gifts of the Gospel? I replied no! they are all done away with He said, Oh! I and no longer needed. in the Bible, he believe didn't you thought then said some pretty hard things as I then thought about the ministers, that they preached for hire and divined for money and were blind leaders of the blind, this exasperated me, as I had always looked upon the ministers as being very near perfect, I thought if that is your religion I don't want to know anything more about it, he then quoted a gocd many passages ot scripture, for me to ponder upon; which after he had gone, I examined and found that 'they really were in the Bible, that I professed to be sj sanguine in believing, I then resolved to know lor myself whether this strange doctrine was of God or not, I did not feel inclined to leave my pleasant home and the many associates of my childhood and youth upon uncertainties. I obtained the Book of Mormon and lead it through attentively thinking if I could find anything in it contrary to the Bible I was safe. But alas; I could find nothing to contradict it, but rather to confirm it. I had faith in God that if I would humble myself before Him in an acceptable manner that He would m 