WOMAN'S EXPONENT ate their talents and develop their virtues v Lec. 8th. . Dress and habits. (a) Dress for comfort and health, (b) How habits are formed? (c) Man a bundle of habits, (a) Parents should set the example by being obedient to their Heavenly Father, (b) Children have rights which are often (c) All are not called, "disobedience." same the in line, (d) Do not force gifted children to learn something they have no inclination or talent for. ' nth. What does the Mother read: (a) Mothers lack of knowledge, (b) Mothers reading cheap novels, (c) Mother as teacher to her children. Lec. 12. Books as Companion and Teacher. (a) Minds are made up largely of what is put into them, (b) What books should our children read? (c) The influence of bad literature. C. (cor.tin-ned- . a. Atmosphere of peace and rest. "Peace, the offspring of power." "Peace rules the b day where reason rules the mind." Bible children. with lessons Spirituality: Memorizing passages, c. Sabbath afternoons. Value of prayer, d. Living the Give quotatruth. Honoring contracts Nancy Pugm ire, Maria L. Brown, A. Stucki, committee. HOME. is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home." "He The Newly Martied Couple. Beginning life in a home By themselves, b., Getting acquainted with each other, c. Relation of husband and wife. Respect each others' feelings, d. FinanPersonal allowces: Simple beginning. ance for wife. Home expenses and saving. a. Lectme IL Hospitality in the Home, "Not the furnishings, but the friends that adorn the home." a. The unexpected or chance guest. The b. Simplicity in invited guest or guests. c. Prize Honesty in giving. entertaining, ; gaining prizes. Lechire III. Lecture 10. Lecture V. Relation of Parents and Chil-re- n. a. Home a Republic and not a Monc. Evening archy, b. Family Councils, Recreations, d. Family Loyalty, c. Prevarication and Deception. Give quotations. . Lecture VI. Who is the Wise Mother? mother, b. The c. mother. The meeting-goinmother. Where are the children while the mothers are following their fads? a. .The over-domest- ic "tea" going or sewing-clu- b "The instruction received at the moth- er's knee, and the paternal lessons, together School Life. (a) School life of children from six to ten. (b) Teach them to respect their teachers and avoid criticism in their hearing, (b) Train them early to do everything possible for themselves in getting ready for school, (d) Impress upon them the necessity of neatness, punctuality and obedience, (e) If it is necessary to take lunch, see that it consists of nourishing, healthful food, that their minds and bodies may be strong and active. Teach them that purity of thought and action is essential. Lecture n. Training. (a) Training of children during the critical period between the ages of ten and sixteen, (b) Emphasize the moral and relig- ious training previously given, (c) Warn them of the dangers of evil companionship, (d) Encourage them to confide thtir trials soul." and temptations to you. (e) See that they innocent amusements at proper times have Committee: Sarah S. Stewart, Margaret and places, (f) Keep them off the street at C. Roberts, Eliza beth S. Wilcox. Avoid late hours and late supMargaret A. Romney, president; Annie night, (g) Mothers should be (h) pers, especially K. Hardy, secretary. patient with children of both sexes during the period of puberty, (i) The imsouth SANPETE stake (contmued). portant changes going on in their systems causing them to be irritable and unreasonLecture 7. Infaucy. able, (j) We should also be careful in teaching the girls to take proper care of (a) Physical care and training of children during infancy or the first three years their bodies and the danger of .exposure to of life, (b) Necessity of careful feeding af- cold, (k) Make companions of both boys girls, and encourage them to trust and ter the weaning period, especially through and confide in (1) Wise and judicious teething, (c) Food should be nourishing, mothers are you. of the nation. the hope avoiding meat and pastry, (d) Piecing to be avoided as much as possible, (t) Plenty Lecture 12. Summaiy of Previous Lecof fresh air; clothing should be suitable for tures. Thick soled shoes for outdoor season. wear. (a) All the most important points to be reconsidered, (b) Mothers should never Lecture ?. -- Mental and Moral Training. be too busy or too worried to listen to their children's troubles or answer their ques(a) Children hould be taught early to tions, (c) Should always remember the respect each other's rights and not appropriceless privilege of training immortal priate indiscriminately the rights belonging souls. toothers, (b) Should also be taught obedAlvira L. Cox, ience by kindness and firmness. (c) A President Relief Society. stubborn child should be antagonized as little as possible till it reaches the years of accountability, (d) Be quick to praise and Save slow to blame, (e) Avoid corporal punMonoy! ishment till all other means fail. Necessity And when you get a dollar, deposit it of fcr the mother, (f) Patience with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust one of the chief virtues. Company, the oldest and largest savings with the pious and sweet souvenirs of the fireside, are never effaced entirely from the ' ENSIGN STAKE. Lecture I. blessing on the food; also to be helpful and unselfish, (d) Require them to put away their own playthings, mistaken kindness to give them too many toys, (e) Allow them to have simple little parties occasionally, thus training them in unselfishness, hospitality and good manners, (f) Importance of religious training and regular attendance at Sunday school. tions. Obedience. Lec. ioth. Lec. Idealism i?i the Home Sacredness of honor. (a) What does it mean? (b) How to get the children's confidence, (c) How to up' root evil by planting good. Lec. 6th. Lecture IV. . Idealism in the Home. "Hitch your wagon to a star." a. Have high ideals even though you are certain you may. fall short, b. Industry and system: "laziness grows on people; it begins in cobwebs and ends in iron chains. The more business a man has to do the more he can accomplish; for he learns to economize time." c. Cheerfulness and con "The most manifest sign of tentment. "A wisdom is continued cheerfulness." contented mind is a continual feast." Your self-contr- Lecture p. bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 41,191 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenvvho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from odc dollar to five thousand, and compute said Home Life of Children. (a) Necessity of making home pleasant, mother should have time to teach and play with her children, (c) Teach them early to pray and ask the (b) Every - R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS GO. 67, 69 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for your money.' ( .s We aim to give you ypy y g interest WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Pre st. Semi-annuall- y. No. 1 George M. Cankon Cashier. East Temple Street, 