WOMAN'S EXPONENT 74 another story above them, making a beauti ful appearance. Then comes the burial chapel. This is of spacions dimensions, a stone sarcophagus in the center denotes where the casket is to rest while the funeral rites are being solemnized. "A wide, elegant stairway leads down to the crypts where it is said the finest work of the building is to be seen. The crypt is built, perhaps on the ground level, the building being high enough above it to admit of this. Also this may be necessary, as the back is built on the bank of the river Spree. This chapel is very large and in a most unfinished condition. The Dome is the outgrowth of a desire of the Hohenzollerans tor generations to erect a suitable place for the royal dead. It is thus far realized. What Westminster Abbey is to England the Dome will be to Germany. It is said the Kaizer himself is to be its first occupant. When properly finished with inside decorations and hangings, it will be magnificent. Thousands of. people weie admitted each day that it was open. At times the line extended from the entrance around and down the whole length of one side, four abreast. Many policemen kept order, and divided the line, so that about forty were admitted at once. It happened that the line was drawn right in front of the Utah party, who thus lead the contingent, then going through. Of course compared with Westminster Abbey, the building is modern, but this fault will be corrected in time when perhaps the Abbey is no more. Lydia D. Alder. Berlin, March, 1905. purest of all human affections, do not be afraid to lavish it upon your children; it makes your memory a hallowed one, and gives you power to influence their lives. Questions. Sarah III. M. Crosby. What to teach our Boys. Lecture IV. What to tell our Girls. Doctrine and Covenants Sec. 86. b. Observance of same. c. Its effects 011 the home. 1 st. What is the word of wisdom? 2nd. Does it treat only on tea and coffee. 3rd. The effect it has on the mind and body by observing it. 4th. Given now as a commandment. Ref. Young Woinans Journal, Feb. 1904 Junior Department. 5th. Promises given by observing Sam. Ref. Sec. 89 verses 19: 20-2- Laura Lecture VIII. M. Rappleye. Obedience. Necessity of its Enforcements. From childhood to girlhood Maid mother and wife All need to be obedient To guide them properly through life. i st. Why should the lesson of Obedience be taught in early childhood. 2nd. How will it effect the progress of a Saint? 3rd. Why is it necessary for our spiritual Latter-da- y progress? 4th. How should Obedience be taught? Annie Parry. Reverence. (a) True reverence acceptable to God is a g filial fear, a reverence of divine nature from a just esteem of His perfections; producing in us an inclination to do pro-cedin- It is one thing to possess knowledge and quite another thing to impart it to others. jessie Taggart. Mothers Love and Influence. child before and after birth cannot be estimated. A mother's love cures the pains and ills of childhood, soothes the pangs of youth, comforts and inspires man through the oattles of Hie. A mother can keep the confidence of her children by listening to them while they are small, and they will continue to confide in her when they become larger and by inviting their confidence she can direct them aright. The desire of every true mother is to do good in the world, and she can do this best by rearing a family who are strong, inteilligent and Godfearing. Day by day a mother has the opportunity of implanting high or low ideals, true or false ambitions in the child. A true mother will make a happy home whether poor or rich, peace, love, and contentment come from within and make our environments. The influence of a mother upon her family is in proportion to the love existing between herself and family. Great men attribute their success to their mother's influ- ence. Mother's love is the sweetest and Word oi Wisdom. Lecture VII. Lectute IX. Jessie Taggart. We should teach our girls to read good books and choose good companions, warn her against vulgar stories she may hear; ask BIG HORN STAKE. her to tell you everything her playmates may tell her, then you will have a chance to corLecture I. Charity. rect errors and warn her against impure First "Charity shall cover the multitude teachings and harmful associates, as well as of sins." I Peter 4: 8. lay a foundation for future confidence and Second "And though I bestow all my close companionship. They should be be and to burned and body clean mind and both to give my body goods taught keep have not eharity, it profiteth me nothing. and pure. Teach them to be good home I Cor. 13: 3. makers in the true sense of the word, and to be neat and tidy is always in good taste. Dickson. Avildia The influence the mother has upon the M. Crosby. 1. (a) Should teach them to have faith in our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, that He will hear and answer prayers, love for our Teach religion and other instructions. them purity, energy, and that good habits are worth more than riches. (b) To have an object or purpose in life and to work with a will to accomplish that purpose, (c) fifth to refer commandment, the (d) Honor, That marriage is ordained of God unto man. (1st) Explain the action of work on developing morals. (2nd) Explain the action of food on muscle and brain. (3rd) Explain the action of tobacco and liquor on muscle and brain. (4th) Explain the action of tea, coffee, high seasoned food. (5th) Show how diseases of one part of the body make all the body ill by illustration. MOTHERS' WORK. Lecture II. Sarah a. Ref. Give examples of the world's great men who attribute their success to their mother's influence. How can a woman do the most good in the world? Show why a loving mother can influence her child more than anyone else. Lecture (g) How does it affect our exalta- work? tion? Lecture Peace Making. V. First "Blessed are the peace they shall be called the children Matt. 5: 9. Second "Live in peace and love and peace shall be with Cor. 2: 11. makers for of God." II you." Motherhood and Maternity. O wondrous power! how little understood Entrusted to the mothers' mind alone To fashion genius, form the soul for good; Inspire a West cr train a Washington. How can we best prepare for motherhood? (b) Observing the word of wisdom as essential to physical development, (c) The gospel as essential to spiritual development, (d) The development of the mother as affecting the unborn child. How can we overcome hereditary weakness? (e) What effect will obedience to the moral law have npon our offspring. (Ref. St. Matthew also Heb. 12-Rev. 12: (f.) How does child bearing affect the Latter-da- y (a) 1-- 9. 7-1- 7. Sarah Lecture X-- the God of Avildia Dickson. Lecture VI, His will and serve Him. (b) We reverence superiors and age; we honor authority; we love virtue. (c) We should revere our parents with a submissive, humble spirit, respectiug and Lonoring them for the many sacrifices they make for us. (d) A wife should reverence her husband. In chiding children for faults, we shou'd do it with love love should govern the human heart. (e) Religion produces a reverential esteem for all sacred things. We should revere the law of God and be submissive to all the requirements. Ref. Improvement Era, Juvenile Instructor, Young Ladies Journal and Chiidren's Friend. M. Crosby. Ptayer. Sincere prayer is the greatest safeguard against wrong doing. 2nd. How does the habit of prayer effect the lives of boys and girls. 3rd. How and when should we pray? Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 61 verse 39 Guide Journal, August 1901. 1 st. Avildia Dickson. Grant. President, Avildia Lucy F. Dickson, Chloe B. Lee, Counselors, Sadie Partridge, Secretary. Lady Marjorie Erskine has entered a children's hospital as a child's nurse, and will be known as Nurse Erskine. A sister of the Duke of Sutherland entered a large London hospital, wishing to perform similar service, but had not health to continue. 