WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 26 Make your children helpful and useful, and you will make them happy. Let them early form habits of neatness, and when you are weary you will not have to wait on their carelessness-Teacthem to give you courteous speech and manners, and they will live to honor you. Never reprove the little ones before strangers; for children are as sensitive, if not more so, than other persons, and wish strangers to think well of them. When reproved before any one with whom they are not well acquainted, their vanity is wounded. They have self respect, and such mortification of it is dangerous. Praise spurs a child on to earnest effort; blame when administered before visitors, takes away the power of doing well. It is the parents duty to make their children's childhood full of love and childhoods' proper joyousness. Not all the appliances that wealth can buy are necessary to the free and happy unfolding of childhood in body, mind and heart. But children must have love inside the house, and fresh air and good play and companionship outside. The gleeful laugh of happy children is the best home music, and the graceful figures of childhood are the best statuary. h work with a determination to accomplish it in so much time, and let her be pleasant and cheerful always; then will the home duties become the greatest pleasures she will ever know. Another eminently household quality is punctuality How many grumblings would be avoided in domestic life by a little more attention being paid to this virtue. Late breakfasts and late dinners, cleanings out of time and washings protracted till midnight, what a host of little nuisances spring to mind at the thought of the. unpunctual house wife. The unpunctual woman like the unpunctual man, becomes disliked because she consumes our time, interferes with our plans, causes uneasy feelings, and virtually tells us that we are not of sufficient importance to cause her to be more punctual. To the business man time is money, and to the business woman it is more it is peace, comfort and domestic prosperity. How often we hear it said that "cleanliness is next to Godliness." Where then if not in our home should this quality be found? If we would have our homes a place where God's holiest angels would be pleased to dwell we must have it a place where order and cleanliness prevail. How many times have we entered the house of a friend, and found every room, every dish, every book, every piece of furniture out of its place; the floors all littered up with everything, so completely covered with dust that your friend would have to take her apron and remove the dust from a chair before she could invite you to be The organization of the home depends for the most part upon the woman- She is necessarily the manager of every family and household. How much there depends upon her intelligent Man's life revolves around woman. She is the sun of his social lifeShe is the of of comforts life. The queen domestic every home mainly depend upon her upon her character, her temper, her power of organization and her business seated. Do you remember the feeling that came management. The idea is fast gaining ground especially among the younger over you when you entered that home? girls of today that in order to have a home Do you remember how you longed to flee where they can be really happy they must from there and return to the peace and If such would have a house with all the improvements quiet of your own of modern times, a vast amount of money be the influence of such a home over a must be spent in costly furniture most of stranger, imagine what it would be over which is fit only as an ornament to a the child reared in such a place. Could room rather than being of real use to the he come from home with the spirit of family. Then too all members of the God so implanted in his soul that temptation would be an easy matter to be overfamily must be kept from the most cheerful room in the house in order that it may come, would he come from such a home with any great desire to return, when the be kept ready for callers. To me the eninfluences do so much to that errand that called him forth was pernobling formed. make stronger characters, and consein each assist making this a Suppose the home you entered had quently day felt be in cannot such a been so well managed that in all the better world, home, all the real home love, the real house there was not one room, one artihome feelings are wanting. We are not cle of furniture, one dish out of its place. satisfied merely with a dwelling place, our Suppose there were snow white curtains home must be comfortable. I do not at the windows, well swept carpets on mean warmth, good furniture, good eat- the floors, and in the grate a warm cheerful fire. Do you think your stay in this ing and drinking. I mean cleanliness, pure air, order, economy; in a word home-thri- ft home would have been such a formal and domestic government. Wealth call? Why I have been in such homes is not necessary to comfort. A poor when it seemed utterly impossible for me man's home, moderately supplied with to tear myself away from their peaceful, the necessaries of life, presided over by a quiet, comfortable influsnce. Such a is all home contain of housewife, the sweetest cleanly, frugal may type heaven. the elements of comfortable living, want The mother who would make of her of comfort is for the most part caused, home a heaven for her family is the one not so much by the absence of sufficient who each night plans her work for the means, as by the absence of the requisite following day. She is the one who arises, and has each member of her family arise, knowledge of domestic management. I believe that the woman who would at an hour so early that sufficient time make her home comfortable must be will be given each one to prepare for the systematic in her every day routine of duties of the day before him. Her breakhome duties. The woman who starts out fast will be served at a certain hour each in the morning without first planning her morning and at such an hour that all may day's work will be the woman to whom enjoy not only his meal but the spirit of housework is a perfect drudgery. But love and peace that should prevail in a let her plan her work, let her go at her true home. Immediately after the morn - - ing meal is served and the morning greetings are over, the mother takes up her labors for the day, Remembering first of all those who are so near to her she goes into their sleeping rooms and throws open the doors and windows and allows plenty of good fresh air and sunshine to enter which does so much in the promoting of health, Many persons I believe do not appreciate this blessing which God sends alike to all his children, but when we stop to consider the many diseases and even death which have been caused by the inmates of the house breathing the foul air which has been allowed to remain there for days at a time, we would consider fresh air and the bright sunshine among our greatest luxuries. All the clothes from every bed should be thrown entirely back in order that they may become well ventilated and purified by the air before the bed is made. I am here reminded of a few lines of poetry which is self suggested and runs as follows; Do you wish to be healthy! Then keep the house sweet; As soon as vou're up Shake each blanket and sheet. Leave the beds to get fresh, On the floor Let the wind sweep right through Open window and door. close-crowd- ed The bad air will rush out As the good air comes in, Just as goodness is stronger And better than sin. Do this, it's soon done, In the fresh morning air, It will lighten your labor And lessen your care. You are weary no wonder, There's weight and there's gloom Hanging heavily round room. In each ovtr-full fire-sid- e. all the trouble Is profit and gain. For there's headache and heartache, And fever and pain Be sure Hovering round, settling down In the closeness and heat; Let the wind sweep light through Till the air's fresh and sweet. And more cheerful you'll feel Through the toil of the day; More refreshed you'll awaken When the night's passed away. The thrifty housewife who has well considered the duties of the day will have cleared the breakfast table, assorted the dishes, put cooking utensils to soak and put the dining and living rooms in order, next she has looked through store closet and refrigerator and made a list of food to be ordered, having washed the dishes and prepared any dish that may require long cooking, will next make the beds neatly and put the sleeping rooms in order. Her house is now in order and she is free to pay attention to other duties of the day. The wise mother will select for her dining room the most cheerful, and pleasant room in her home. Let this always be a bright airy place where the rays of sunshine can penetrate each corner, Give the arrangements of this room your most careful attention and above all make it a place of comfort and rest. Do not have your room filled with furniture that must be watched constantly for fear of a mar or scratch, but let the air of 