WOMAN'S Sister Sarah Swenson reported the society of the 4th' ward of Spanish Fork; they own meeting house and granary, have between 400 and 500 bushels of wheat on hand. The Salem ward society was reported by Pres. Mary Ann Pierce: Own meeting house and granary, have nearly 500 bushels of wheat, The teachers are doing a good work; some have visited every month. Sister Harker, one of the missionaries from Salt Lake City, felt very pleased to hear and partake of the good spirit of our meeting; said we came here not to do our own will, but the will of the Father. We should make home the most beloved place on earth. Spoke of the teachers as being the backbone of the society. Encouraged the secretaries to be prompt in copying their minutes and in sendiug in their reports, Her remarks were full of encouragement and blessing for the sisters-- Recitation by Sister Rhoda Robinson. President Holt invited all to stay and have lunch. Adjourned, after singing and prayer, until 1:30, o'clock. Afternoon meeting recovened. After the opening exercises, a hymn was sung by Sister Ann Lewis. Stake Counselor Henry Gardner said he did not know of an organization of so much importance in the Church as the Relief Society. The sisters had been pioneers and home builders, Had some business to present in behalf of Sister Page, who was desirous of being released from the presidency of the Nebo Stake Relief Society. Proposed that the sisters give her an honorable release and thanks for her labors in the past, which motion was unanimously sustained. Sister Eliza J. Dixon was chosen and unanimously sustained to fill her place as President of the Relief Society of the Nebo Stake. Sister Page felt very thankful for the way in which the sisters had sustained her; felt that thev had prayed for her as well as sustained her. Sister Dixon felt that the sisters had made a mistake in saying that she would make a better president than Sister Page. Felt thankful for the support the sisters had given the presidency in the past, and prayed they would support her in the future. A song was sung by Sister Anne Rowe. Sister Harker was thankful for the spirit of unity that had been made manifest; spoke of the woman's building; said we will have one !n connection with the memorial building. Referred to holding ward conferences, also explained how to keep up a contingent fund. Sister Ellis R. Shipp was the next speaker, who said, we have all been sitting so long, asked all to arise and rest a while, went through some exercises; felt glad to look into the faces of the brothers and sisters. Had been a member of the Relief Society many years before realiz-izinthe importance of the work and what it meant when Joseph Smith organized the Relief Society. We should be grateful for the privileges and blessings we enjoy. The greatest honor we can have is to be a true wife and noble mother; thought we should have charity one for another. Do not give way to our tempers. Be careful not to wound the feel g EXPONENT. ings of our little children. Let us learn to love one another, and be united one with another; attend to family prayers morning and evening; spoke of the nurse class to be taught this year; prayed the Lord to bless each one of us. Sister Page felt that we had had a good time today, and pleased with the way we had been entertained- Conference was adjourned for three months. Benediction by Patriarch Wil-kin- s Mary F. Brown, Sec 31 Smith and Belle H. Flake as counselors, and they were set apart by President Jesse N. Smith and Smith D. Rogers. September 14, a special conference was called, and we were honored by a visit from Sisters Dusenberry and Beatie, of the General Board. Our new president, Sister West, who had been to Hol-broto meet the sisters, also came in with them. All the ward presidents were in attendance, which is an exceedingly rare occurrence in our stake- The branches of the Society were represented in very much the same condition as at the last conference. Sister Phebe Young Beatie was introduced as a daughter of President Brigham of our dear Young, and a Aunt Zina, a relationship she is pleased to own. She spoke of sewing parties as a good way to get the sisters enthused, the benefits of the Kindergarten and the Nurse's class. Explained in detail what would be required of the girls who took the course and the manner in which homes were prepared for them. Encouraged the girls to take the course, as it is a profitable employment. Every girl should learn a useful trade, even if she is ever so wealthy. Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenberry spoke on the influence we wield; the irreparable injury done to children by ignorant mothers, and of the home, its decorations, ok - SNOWFLAKE STAKE. The Relief Society conference of the Snowflake stake was held at Snowflake August 11, 1905, After the usual opening exercises, President Emma S. Smith addressed the meeting and said: It is a good plan for the sisters to attend the priesthood meetings. We need the instructions given by the brethren. I am thankful for the confidence they repose in us and hope we will be worthy of it. The sisters have offered many prayers for me; and I am very grateful to them. Counselor Driggs said the Stake Board had visited all the branches of the society with one exception. They are in good condition, and the sisters have an excellent spirit. Sister Eliza S. Rogers rendered a solo, accompanied by Mrs. Marie West. Sister Janet M. Smith spoke on tithing. Bishop John Hunt spoke of the persecution some of our people are receiving at the present time, and alluded to the remarks which had been made on tithing. It is a true principle, and will benefit all who practiee it. Duet by Misses Jennie Kartchner and Wilmurth Flake, accompanied by Mrs. Marie West. Counselor Mary J. R. West said, My ardor in the suffrage work was dampened when the women of my nation tried to unseat Senator Smoot. President Jesse N, Smith said: "Sister Smith has placed her resignation as stake president of the Relief Society at the disposal of the brethren. She has been an invalid for many years, and considering her impaired health at the present time, ft is not deemed wise to tax her strength too greatly. She is a prayerful woman, and one who devoutly believes the Gospel." The name of Sister Mary J. R. West has been selected, and it is suggested she act as Sister Smith's successor, and on motion President Smith's resignation was accepted, and a vote of thanks tendered her and her counselors for their many years of service. President Jesse N. Smith proposed the name of Sister Mary J. R. West to fill the vacancy caused by Sister Smith's release. Vote unanimous. President Emma S. Smith thanked the sisters for releasing her. Said she had had taken pleasure in the work, and loved the sisters who had labored with her. Counselor Mary J. R. West paid a tribute to the faithful labors of Sisters Smith and Driggs. At the close of the meeting the congregation flocked around the outgoing officers, to express regret at parting with them and to congratulate Sister West on her new position. Later Sister West chose Emma L. step-daught- er etc. In the evening an entertainment was given in honor of Sisters Smith and Driggs. The house was decorated for the occasion, and there was a large attendance of both old and young. Counselor Dusenberry gave the opening address, which was a beautiful tribute to the life and labors of these two sisters. Sister Beatie extended congratulations, and gave excellent advice to the young people. Sentiments expressive of love and gratitude were given by all the branches of the Society present, for each of the sisters. President Jesse N. Smith also made remarks, and both guests of the evening expressed gratitude for the honor shown them and the gifts ef the sisters. President Mary J. R- West thanked all who had contributed to the success of the evening and approved the sentiments voiced by the speakers. The program was enlivened by several musical selections, and all seemed well pleased to close an interesting day in such an agreeable manner. Della F. Smith, Stake Sec. - Miss Flora Clift Stephenson, who has just died, had been elected triennially for 33 years to the school board of Edinburgh, Scotland, and had for some years past been president of the board. She had also been presented with the freedom of the city for her great services to the cause of education. The Scotch are regarded as conservative and the Americans as progressive; yet imagine what commotion there would be if a woman were placed at the head of the school board in any large city of this country, outside the four equal suffrage States- 