WOMAN'S 76 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Puilisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copy one ear, $1.00; one copy six months deliv-;re- d 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers cts. by mail, extra for postage one year. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel disspace one time $2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lakjj City, Utah Entered at the Post matter. Office in Salt Lake Ctty, I tah, as second-clas- s Salt Lake City. Utah, April, 1905 EXPONENT ing the entire proceedings of this extraordinary Conference, for such it really was in Saints are 2iany respects. The Latter-dathat each after to Conference, say very apt it was the very best ever held, but this April Conference was a significant one for many reasons, the peculiar condition, of the peoDle at the present time, that indicates stirring events that must be met with the greatest wisdom this people are capable of exercising, otherwise serious consequences must inevitably follow. The Saints have been wamei and forewarned of the perilous times and should be diligent in season ami out of season to every religious duty, as well as temporal things; and hearken to the still small voice that whispers to all who are seeking to live right and serve the Lord and help build up and establish truth and righteousness in the earth and save mankind so far as possible from degradation and sin. It is customary among the Latter-daSaints to talk of being saviors upon Mount Zion but we should one and all who love labor to save our own, and our fellow-me- n do all in our power to sustain those who stand at the helm, to guide the great ship Zion in safety for the salvation of all who will stay on board and listen to the voice of the Good Shepherd. After all the instruction given by President Joseph F. Smith and other inspired men who have spoken during this grand and glorious Conference, surely there will be an ? wakening among the people who desire to stand fast for the cause in which they have enlisted, and they will be more diligent in keeping the commandments of God. and fulfilling the covenants made in the house of the Lord in holy places and in solemn assembles. It the Saints would do this no good thing could be withheld for so He has said whose word cannot be broken. y y GENERAL CONFERENCE. The Seventy-fift- Annual Conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day-Saint- s, held in the great Tibernacle, commencing at 10 a m. on Thursday, April 6, 1905 was certainly one of the largest, if not the very largest that has ever been convened in the history of the Church, and was assuredly one of the most enjoyable and will make one of the most memofable of these events ever recorded in history. Everything connected with the Conference passed off in a manner appropriate to such momentous occasions.' It was indeed an imposing spectacle t witness the stmds and platform filled with men holding the highest authority in the holy priesthood. First Presidency, Apostles, Patriarchs, First Council of Seventy, Presidents of Stakes, Presiding Bishops: and the Tabernacle choir seats crowded with the sweet singers of Israd, and eminent musicians to discourse sacred music inspiring the souls of all present in that vast congregation to higher, holier and purer aspirations, as sacred music always does. When one recalls that this great boiy of people in the General Conferences of ths Church have come hundreds, and even thousands of miles in some instances, to attend the meetings and listen to the teachings from men inspired by the Holy Spirit, to give both spiritual and temporal advice and counsel to the hos's of men, women and children assembled, it thrills one with joy and gratitude to hear and to witness what the Lord has done in the age in which we live for the benefit of those, who will 1 ccept the divine message of this the last dispensation of the fulness of times revealed from heaven through the Prophet Joseph Smith. Truly it is a wonderful work and how can doubt enter into the minds of the Saints, when they contemplate what has been done for Zion through the instrumentality of the men raised up from time to time to carry on this marvelous work. Besides the greit gatherings in the Tabernacle overflow meetings were held in the r Assembly Hall adjacent, and in the for the acpreaching Temple yard commodation and edification of the crowds who could not gain entrance in either house of worship. The people generally will look forward to receiving the newspapers that publish full discourses and to the pamphlet contain out-doo- A HAPPY BIRTHDAY PARTY. A very pleasant party of ladies assembled by invitation, March 7th, at the new residence of Sister Augusta W. Grant in honor of Sister Rachel R. Grant, (the mother of Apostle Heber J. Grant, now presiding over the European Mission.) It would not be possible to give the names of all the sisters present on this happy occasion, as there were probably eighty of them. The parlors and hall were artistically arranged and decorated, many beautiful flowers and plants in bloom having been sent in as gifts. Among others were the seven dozen white carnations from the First Presidency of the Church, who could not attend in person. The gift was not only a token of the esteem and respect of these brethren for this sister in the Church, but the white bloss- oms were symbolical of her pure life, and their fragrance was typical of her good deeds, that have wafted sweetness into many hearts and homes in Zion. Sister Julia P. M. Farnsworth read for the entertainment of the company a bio- graphical sketch of the late President Jedi-dia- h M. Grant, husband of the lady whose birthday was being celebrated; the reading was much enjoyed and brought to mind many incidents connected with past history in which some of those present had participated. Interesting remarks were made complimentary and congratulatory to Sister Grant by Sisters Bathsheba W. Smith, M. Isa bella Home and Susan Grant after which some vocal music by the young ladies of the household, Mrs. George J. Cannon sang several sacred songs assisted by her sisters Misses Florence, Edith, Anna, and Mary Grant, and piano accompaniment. Sister E. her congratulations B. Wells offered and alluded to her intimate acquaintance with brother Grant and family in the exodus from Nauvoo, and in Winter Quarters where they were neighbors; she also spoke of being one of the old Tabernacle choir selected to sing at his funeral and in the cemetery at his burial. Sister Grant responded very sweetly to the congratulations and honors conferred upon her, spoke briefly of her early life in the Church and the troublous times in Nauvoo, and how some of her relatives insisted on her leaving the Church, but rejoiced that she had remained faithful and that she had received so many blessings, and although she had not been able to hear for many years, yet she had been very happy. The gathering of o!d friends and some young people was happily intermingled. Sweet young girls served dainty and appetizing refreshments and altogether the character of the party was sort of sacred and uplifting. Sister Grant is certainly beautiful in herself, her features remain placid and serene and her intellect bright, she is well preserved in every respect and her friends join in wishing her many happy returns of the day in the enjoyment of peace love and the good fellowship of the Saints. , A PLEASANT BIRTHDAY. On Monday March 27, 1905, a few of the relatives and friends of Mrs. Martha G. Wells assembled by invitation at her home in this city. The parlors were very piettily decorated and the guests all seemed delighted to honor one so universally admired and so highly esteemed as "dear Aunt Martha" as she is affectionately called by the "dear five hundred friends." Quite a number of tokens of love and affection were presented to her by the guests and others who were not present. The party was not formal in any sense, there were no speeches but many hearty congratulations, and sincere good wishes were expressed for the honored lady, and social conversation was freely indulged in by the goodly company. The five o'clock tea was handsomely served on small tables and at each plate a card, with name of guest and flower; being the color of flower, ribbon etc. The menu was of the choicest variety and served in the daintiest style, with cut glass, silver, and the finest china, but the most delightful part of all was the social feeling that seemed to permeate the gathering. A blessing was asked upon the food when all was ready by Sister Elizabeth J. Stevenson. During the afternoon Miss Mary Wells sang very sweetly one or two favorite songs accompanied on the piano by Miss Alice Wells, her cousin,little Geneva Wells also sang very sweetly; all granddaughters of the hostess. The success of the party was in a great measure due to the ingenious tact of the young women, Avho so carefully arranged every detail that could add to" the enjoyment of the hostess and her friends, Mrs. Edna Wells Sloan and Mrs. Briant H. jon-quil.yell- Wells. 