Woman's Exponent. The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, Vol. 34 "In my little home are found CONTENTS. Idealism in the Home Maria Francis 33 in Coterie the 33 Coventry George Eliot In Memoriam 34 35 Address by Bathsheba VV. Smith N. C. D. 35 Letter from. Kentucky 35 Governors on Woman's Suffrage 38 General Relief Society Conference 40 Mothers' Work 4 Teachers May Marry? In Memoriam 40 36 Secretaries to Stake Notice Editorial: 3& Thanksgiving Thoughts Editorial Notes: 36 The Relief Society Selected Poetry: The Wife's Lament Maud Baggerly A Dream of Age M. E. R. L. My Sentiments 33 33 35 35 THE WIFE'S LAMENT. I love that gallant man of mine, I love him wondrous well; That he returns my love he finds A thousands ways to tell. But yet sometimes I almost wish We might half strangers be, So he would smile his sweetest smile When looking straight at me. No matter if his face be dark With cares we share together No matter if our skies be spread With clouds that bode ill weather; Whene'er we meet some friend, he'll greet Her with a smile angelic, But in a trice the smile is gone, Nor left one little relic. Of course I know; we would not show The cares we bear to others; The crosses we endure must be Kept hidden from our brothers. I know that in his heart he smiles For me always, God bless him, And should I make my foolish plaint 'Twould but the more distress him. But O to have the smiles he gives To others, though unmeaning, Bestowed on me whene'er I see Our ship of joy careening ' Tis thus sometimes I almost wish We might half strangers be, So he would smile his sweetest smile When looking straight at me. Selected. IDEALISM OF THE HOME. When a girl has gone through that most holy and sacred ceremony marriage, and has given herself, her heart and her hand, to the man she loves, and goes to the home he has provided for her, and where he expects her to be his wife in every sense of the word, her first duty should be to make their home an ideal one. That is, that nothing should be wanting to make it her and her husband's earthly paradise. Make it as pretty and artistic as her means will afford, but avoid going into debt for it. Remembering always, it is not the most costly homes that are the most Hood said: NOVEMBER, Both heaven and earth, my universe of love, All that my God can give me, or remove. Here I live their living, breathe their breath, Almost, I think, that with one common sigh, We might resign all mundane care and strife, And live together one ethereal life. ' There should be in the home the oneness that Hood speaks of that each should strive by thought, word and action to meet the wishes of the others; to make our own wishes and desires subservient to theirs. If we can train ourselves to live for others in the home, this unselfishness will become part of ourselves, and we shall carry it with us, and the spirit of it will be felt outside the home circle. It takes two to make a quarrel, never be the first one. If a difference should arise, have it settled before bed time, and never sleep on it. It is well to meet for prayer before retiring, as it brings the members closer together as a family, and with hearts attuned their prayers will assuredly ascend to the throne of grace. I think that verse in the "Cotter's Saturday Night" is so beautiful: "He proffers up to Heaven the warm request That He who stills the raven's clamorous nest, And decks the lily fair in flawery pride, Would m the way His wisdom sees the best, For them and for their little ones provide. Compared to this Italian trills are vain. The tickled ears no heartfelt rapture raise, Nae unison hae they in their Creator's praise." We cannot aim too high. Let all our aim in life be high. If for any reason we have to lower our standard, do it with grace, for the time, but with the full determination to raise it at the first oppormertunity. Fame won by its universal praise. The next thing in the home is industry and system. Remember the old adage: "A stitch in time saves nine." Do the thing that requires doing, if possible, at the time. "Procrastination is the thief of time." Too often, if we put a thing off it is not done at all, and sometimes at a great monetary loss. System is one of the most important things to be observed in the home. "A place for everything and everything in its place." It takes no longer to put a thing in its place than it does to Jay it down for somebody generally mother to put away; besides, it saves time, for there is nothing more annoying than to have to hunt for a thing when you want it; and nothing that tires a man's temper more. The husband has but little time, usually, and although I do not think a man should expect to be waited on hand and foot and set up to be worshiped by the whole household more than the rest, still I think that unnecessary annoyance should be saved him. He is the bread winner, and we should consider his time as valuable, and render him all the assistance possible to prevent irritation; send him off to his work with a full stomach and a happy heart, and above all things, let him self-exerti- on 7 No. 6 1905 feel the love that is borne him in the home, and make him feel that "there is no place like home," after the exertions and worries of the day, A wise mother will set the children their allotted tasks. It is a mistaken kindness on the part of mothers to do everything when the children can help. Give them their time to work and their time to play, which is a preparation for the life they should look forward to in the future. If they are allowed to idle in childhood, be sure they will be good for nothing men and women when they grow up, "Blots on the face of the earth." Shakespeare says: "What can ennoble sots and cowards? Not all the noble blood of all the Howards." Laziness leads to bad companionship, which is the stepping stone to every vice under the sun. It is said, "It begins in cobwebs and ends in iron chains,'.' The more we do, the more we can accomplish, which is fully proved by many of our good sisters, We learn by it to economize time and make the best of every quarter of an hour. It is not the grind it appears when cheerfulness and contentment go with the work. A mother never makes a trouble of the work the little ones make her. The dirty window panes, the sticky furniture, because love goes with the work. Why, there is nothing that makes work so easy and fills the heart with so much joy. It is a manifest sign- of wisdom. Solomon says, "A contented mind is a continual feast;" I know it is a continual joy. Home! What music in the woid! We live at home, and we hope to die at home. So that the comfort of the home is of more deep, heartfelt and personal interest to us than the public affairs of all-thnations of the world. Let every woman feel in her heart of hearts, there is no place like home; and be it a palace or a cottage she will be a happy woman, and her home will be an Ideal one. - Maria Francis. GEORGE ELIOT IN THE COVENTRY COTERIE. How does the death of a friend set the mind gathering up all the broken threads of an old friendship snapped by absence! As memory brings up your friend's likeness out of her treasure house, how does she sit side by side with it in the same gallery, other faces that belonged to your friend's peculiar sphere, and who made up the life that has now passed beyond. Some have passed the same way; others are making the same review of the chapter as you are yourself. Thus I have been engaged since I learned of the death of Mary Sibree (later Mrs. John Cash), one of the early friends of "George Eliot," and who formed with the Bray trio that little charmed coterie 