WOMAN'S 28 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Jin Terms: one copy one ear, $1.00; one copy six months 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah. f Entered at the Post s matter. Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as tcond-clas- Salt Lake City, Utah, - October, 1905 INTERESTING GATHERING. On Sunday evening, October 29, in the new stake hall, the Relief Society of Pioneer Stake, by courtesy of the' Stake Presidency were given the time after the Sacrament had been administered to present the Society work. President Annie Wells Cannon taking charge and welcoming the visitors. There were present by invitation President Joseph F. Smith, Apostles John Henry and George A. Smith and C. W. Penrose, President Bathsheba W. Smith and Secretary E. B. Wells, Dr. R. B. Penrose and Sister Ju-liL. Smith of the General Board, Sister Sarah E. Richards Smith and a number of other visitors. Sister Cannon in her opening remarks paid a graceful tribute to the Presidency of the Stake and Bishops for offering them one night in a year in which to present the Society work in the Stake and in the several wards, outlined the mothers' work and the nurses department and explained her views of Relief Society work in general; realized it consisted more in doing than in preaching. Sitser Lizzie F. Silver gave an original paper on "Reading." Dr. R. B. Penrose spoke upon '"Home Nursing" its value, explained the benefits to be derived by all young mothers from taking the regular course. Sister E. B. Wells urged all the young girls and women to become members of the Relief Society and explained its many benefits. President B. W. Smith spoke of her anxiety for the leaders of the Church, felt the same spirit was manifest now that prevailed in Nauvoo. Stated that she was the only living member present at that first meeting when the Relief Society was organized by the Prophet Joseph Smith. President Joseph F. Smith addressed the meeting most eloquently, and gave every possible enconragement to the young women to assist in the Relief Society labors for their own development, and stated it was directly organized by na well-writt- en the Prophet Joseph Smith. He thought it one of the most important organizations in the Church. Spoke upon the possible opportunities open to those who visited the sick to encourage the spirit and power of faith, and the effect of its inspiring hope in the mind of the afflicted and illustrated the point by relating an experience of his own regarding the native traditions of the Hawaiians, who believe they can pray each other to death. EXPONENT President Smith declared with great power that he knew the promises of the Gospel in regard to healing the sick were true. He continued his discourse, speaking most impressively upon the subject of revelation. He was listened to throughout with most earnest attention, although the hall was crowded to the doors and many were standing. He concluded his remarks with a glowing tribute to Sister Bathsheba W. Smith and other faithful sisters in the Relief Society, blessing them for their good works. Elder Charles W. Penrose and Elder John Henry Smith each spoke a few words exhorting the young people to greater diligence and faithfulness in the Gospel and to live pure lives; and be true to themselves and their religion. Miss Mabel Cooper rendered a beautiful solo, "He Shall Feed His Flock." Congregation sang "Doxology," and Elder Sylvester Q. Cannon pronounced the benediction. This was a remarkable meeting in many respects, the new hall just opened, the President of the Church, several Apostles, High Priests, High Councilors, Elders and Bishops present as also distinguished women, whose lives have been rich in good works. EDITORIAL NOTES. We call the attention of our readers to the article in this number entitled "Home" a lecture given in the Thirtieth Ward in this city in connection with the Mother's Work, we consider it worthy of being read in the Relief Society meetings here in this city and elsewhere. The October Relief Society Conference held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on the 5th, and 9th of this month, was perhaps the largest in numbers of any conference the Society has ever held, and also one of the most interesting in many ways. The reception tendered by the General Board to Stake Presidents and General officers of the Y. L. M. I. Association and Primary on Thursday evening October 5th, at the Bee Hive, was a very enjoyable affair, and summing up briefly the exercises, one can only give a passing notice of the Scripture reading by Miss Maud May Babcock, the singing by Mrs. Nellie Druce Pugsley and others, and the instrumental music; all were of a very fine quality and lofty in sentiment and expression. The remarks by President Joseph F. Smith" were very inspiring to Relief Society workers and teemed with sound advice and superior wisdom, and indeed were so uplifting that the sisters must have realized that he was intensely interested in the minute details of the working methods of the Society, The October meeting of the U. S- D. R. was held in the Exponent Office on the 16th inst, the Regent Mrs. Mary A. H. Cannon presiding. Mrs. Phebe Y. Beatie gave the topic of the day, "History of Dr. Joseph Warren, after which Mrs. Beatie read the poem written by Mrs. Lydia D. Alder entitled "The Grave of Paul Revere." Miss Catherine Wells recently returned from Europe and who had also visited Massachusetts scenes etc., of the revolution gave an entertaining talk on places, monuments, statues, and - battle-ground- s, reminiscences pertaining to revolutionary times; mentiuning the statue of Paul Revere, Battle of Lexington, Cambridge, Hancock's Old Home, Concord, The Cow Path, and several other famous places, Emerson's home, the grave of etc. Margaret Fuller, mentioned the fact of one of her ancestors a woman, having given a signal by lighting a fire on a hill, when the ships were coming into Boston harbor. She also gave some interesting items of her trip abroad. Committee appointed to prepare for Thanksgiving at November meeting Mesdames Carol Y. ' Cannon, Phebe Y. Beatie and Elizabeth R. Wright. Benediction by the Chaplain. A new book has been issued recently from the Deseret News Publishing Co., Salt Lake City, entitled "Centenary Mormon Philosophy Souvenir 1801-190or The Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith." The author is Elder Lycurgus A. Wilson, who was also the author of "The Life of David W. Patten." The book is new in many respects and yet old in others; there are a number of quotations from Joseph the Prophet to which positive reference is made that the reader may refer to. That the book is very interesting, one may infer from its title, Saint desires to learn as every Latter-da- y all that is possible about the first Prophet, Seer and Revelator in this dispensation. That the author has taken great pains to collect material is very apparent in examining the work, and that he has been choice in the language and spiritual tone of the composition of the book. It is a work that requires study and profound thought. That it is well meant as a tribute to the memory of the greatest man of the age in which we live, there is no doubt; and that the writer has been zealous for the Gospel in undertaking to explain clearly its philosophy is demonstrated by even a hasty perusal. The one passage it called to mind in looking it over was a quotation from Shakespeare "There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreampt of in our philosophy." The writer does not present this note as a review of this rather wonderful book, but just as a brief notice, and hopes to become better acquainted with its contents, when it has been carefully studied. 5, THE SPIRIT OF RELIEF SOCIETY WORK. We may sum up in substance the spirit of Relief Society woik as developing in the woman who undertakes it, charity, gentleness, patience and humility these and many more qualities are necessary in the work; the spirit of Relief Society work must be cultivated as we cultivate attributes and gifts of mind and soul; and our environment will have something to do with this too;one brought up or living in the atmosphere of those eminent woman engaged in this Relief Society work, naturally imbibes the ppirit of it and if practically employed in it, gets the. discipline which comes with the activity of such faculties, as are brought into exercise through the constant efforts made in the routine of the work as a teacher, or a visitor among those in need of assistance, spiritual or temporal. To us it seems the highest and noblest work women could have to develop them long-sufferin-g, 