WOMAN'S EXPONENT Standring presiding. The stake presidency were present, also the Relief Society stake board and a majority of the ward presidents. After the opening exercises, President Standring greeted the sisters; was grateful to see so many present, and wished all a We happy and prosperous new year. have passed through many trials and sorrows in the past year, but the Lord has blessed us abundantly, and all He asks of us in return is to give Him our hearts. He will be with us and sustain us if we do our duty. Reminded the sisters that our Annual day, March 17, was approaching, and the fee is needed, for it is a great expense to send missionaries to Mexico and Canada and other distant places; she also spoke of the Memorial building, and hoped the sisters would contribute for that purpose this year. The presidents were then called upon for reports, and all the wards were represented except Cedar Valley; all reported as in fairly good condition, quite a number have been helping to build and furnish meeting houses, soma granaries have been added to the number, and the sisters have been very busy waiting 011 the sick, helping the pco , and working hard in many ways. Meetings have been held regularly, with good attendance and the Spirit of the Lord prevailing. Connselor James H Clarke addrassed the meeting. Spoke of the evil of allowing the children to be on the streets at night who ought to be at home. Numbers of parents seem careless as to the whereabouts of their children at nights; these boys see and hear many things that are detrimental to them. Get them interested in reading the Juvenile Instructor and other Church publications; there is an influence about these papers that is good for the children. We are benefitted by good meetings and good books, let the reading be pure and good and it will have its effect upon your children. Do not let them linger around the doors of saloons or read improper literature. Keep them home at night and have them retire early. Let us make the society better that our children associate with. Singing. Benediction by Counselor Annie C. Hindley. Afternoon session. Sisters at 2 o'clock. Opened by singing, prayer, minutes, etc. President Standring felt doubly grateful to see so many present. A question had been asked whether those sisters who do not attend meetings nor contribute to the society should be continued on the roll. The answer was,that their names should be kept on the roll, unless the sisters desired to have them removed. Spoke of the wheat gathered by the society; the money donated for wheBt should not be used for any other purpose, nor be kept on hand, but take the money and buy the grain and take care of it, for the day of famine will come, not from the shortage of crops, but from the great influx of people to this country. Arrange circumstances so that the grain will be under your own supervision, t:nd ask the blessing cf the Lord upon it. Let us not neglect our duties and the Lord will bless us. President Stephen L. Chipman! The best of us make mistakes, but it is a very We nice thing to work in harmony. our understand should each of us calling, and not come in contact with another's duty or privilege. The bishops feel that the Relief Society is one of the strongest auxiliaries that they have for working and helping to care for the poor. Sister Standring is an old and efficient worker in the Relief Society, and she is fully able to counsel and direct the sisters. Ths Presidency are well pleased with the labors of the society, and are in accord wth Preside nt Stardricg, and she is rightin her instruction concerning the grain being properly garnered and taken care of, and the e should be no trouble in this direction. President Chipman also gave sme instruc-t- i ns in regard to the fast offerings; was in favor of the Relief Society handling the fast offerings as well as the Relief Society funds. Sister Emma Rushton, of Idaho, sa'd, Women who do not belong to the society are behind in many respects, they are not ?o capable and cannot apply these good teachings, because they do not hear them, an'1 cannot be so successful at home. Counselor Abel J. Evans. We have a Let us be right to receive inspiration. to each other, our brethloyal and true to ren, to our country and to our religion. It is a very serious thing to betray a trust, for there are none who are held in contempt like a traitor; let us not be carriers of stories to the detriment of our neighbors. When you find a Mormon that is true to his reli-g- i n you may trust him. May the peace of our Father be upon you in all your labors. Counselor Annie C. Hindley desired to apply to her own good the teachings that had been given. The remarks have been timely and excellent and given in the proper spirit. Spoke of the children and thought they had too much liberty. We know that bad compmy is fascinating to our yo ng people, and should do our best to keep thjm in the path of virtue and righteousness. Thought we were not as true as we should be to each other. Sister- Zina Chipman, missionary, said our reward is sure if we continue or labor of love. It is not alone taking care of the poor and sick, but it is the principle of obedience that we must learn. What has been said today has been for our good; we must set an example btfore our children, by which they will gain information and instruction that will make them useful men and women. If we can only be proper teachers of our children they will receive that spirit that will make them wise unto salvation. Stake Treasurer and Cor. Sec. Emma J. Roberts made a few remarks upon the habits of children, and read the financial report of the stake for the year ending December 31, 1904, which was unanimously accepted. Conference adjourned for three months. Singing, prayer by Counselor Harriet Jacobs. - Emma Featherstone, Secretary. . "Train up a child in the way he should go, and. when he is old he will not depart from it." a. The key to success is love, wisdom, faith and obedience, b. The growth of a child physically, spiritually, and morally intellectually. Lecture IX. Childhood continued). Teach the necessity of beingcooi anions to our children, and joining the 1 in their amusements, at home and ether places b. Teach that ''too much indulgence has spoilt many a child, too much love, not a. " one." Lecture X. Home Training. a. Teach the power of prayer, forgiveness and charity for each others' imperfections, b. Honesty, faithfulness and purity. Lecture XI. Revet ence. a. Reverence for the Priesthood and respect tor the aged. b. Study and teach the fifth commandment. Lecture XII. Duties. a. Benefit derived from having our children attend the juvenile organizations, b. Reverence for houses of worship and good behavior therein. Sarah Tyson, president; Alice Jackson and Hannah Telford, counselors; Katie Eppich, secretary; Pearl Brough, corresponding secretary; Amelia Jackson, treasurer. BEAR LAKE STAKE. Home. Family Organization. (a) The father, his authority, his position and rights, (b) The mother, her position and rights, (c) The children, their position and rights. Lec, 1st. Lec. 2nd. Prayer. (a) Its power and influence, (b) Belief and faith through the same, (c) When shall children take part in family prayei? Lec. 3rd. Physical Development. (a) Methods of proper bathing. (b) Building a healthy body, (c) Proper food and sleep. Moral Development. (a) Reverence for Deity, (b) Reverence for places of worship, (c) Respect for public property. Lec. 4th. Domestic Economy. (a) What is it? (b) How may it be applied in the home? (c) Distinguish economy from stingness. Lec. 5th, Marriage. (a) Love and courtship, (b) Continuality. (c) The ability to make a home and care for the home, (d) Marry one of your own faith. WOODRUFF STAKE. Infancy. a. Tell the influence a mother has upon the infant through the nursing period. Dressing and care. Warn against drugs b- Necessity of and patent medicines. MothKindergarten training in the home. use er should avoid unnecessary baby-tal- k, plain, simple language. Childhood. Lec. 6lh. MOTHER'S WORK. Lecture VH: I Lecture VI L Lec. yth. Social Purity. (a) How shall we create a higher moral standing? (b) The aim of parents should be to arrange and control the environments of the young people, cure their faults, culti- - 