EXPONENT. WOMAN'S (a) Choice of a companion. LECTURE VI. "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally and upbraideth not and it fehall be given him. Jas i: 5. ' 3 "Love rules the court, the camp, the grove, And man below and saints above, For love is heaven and heaven is love." (b) Qualities a man should look for in a woman. "A prudent wife is from the Lord." Faith in God, religious nature, love of children, industrious, virtuous, economical and cleanly, (c) Qualities a woman should look for in a man. One who does not use liquor or tobacco in. any form. Industrious, truthful, moral, kind disposition, unselfish and religious, (d) Superiority of Temple over Ref- Doc. and Cov-- , civil marriages. Mark 10: 9. Sec 132: self-relia- nt, Reverence. 1. Reverence for places of worship, (a) Greeting, (b) Whispering, (c) Laughter, (d) Eating, (e) Throwing things on floor, such as paper, flowers, nut shells, fruit peelings, etc No 2. Cleanliness of house, (a) floors, (b) Windows, (c) Curtains, (d) Seats, (e) Leaving room, (f) Children running about room. No. 3. Sacrament, (a) Care of dishes, (b) Color of table clothes, (c) Care of table cloth, (d) Sacrament cup should only be used for sacrament. E. L. S. Udall, Pres., Della F. Smith, Sec. - 15-2- R. S. REPORTS. 2; UINTAH LECTURE III. Children, Their Desirability. 28. (a) The desire for Ref. Gen. children a God-give- n attribute to woman. Ref. I Sam, Chap. 1. (b) No true happiness without children, (c) One of the greatest gifts of God to man children. Ret. Gen. 15: 5; Gen. 48: 16. (d) Limitation and prevention of families contrary to the commandments of God, and a curse to mankind. Ref. Gen- 1: 27. - LECTURE IV. Hygiene in the Home. ' 'The household is the woman's realm Love's magic wand her sceptre; Husban'Ts and children's love her throne, And duties well performed her crown." 1. Personal cleanliness, (a) Of body, the house of the spirit, (b) Bathing necessary to health, (c) Influence of a clean body on the mind. "They 'who desire clean thoughts, must first have clean bodies." 2. Cleanliness of the home, (a) Proper care of closets, (b) Why keep the corners clean? (c) Why keep soiled clothing out of the house? (d) Care of floors and carpets, (e) Sweet dish clothes and clean dish towels. 3. Sleeping (a) Why should we have an abundance of fresh air circulating through the house day and night? (b) Why is sunlight very necessary in bed-rooms- No. 4. Beds, ? (a) Airing of beds, (b) Why should all vermin be kept out of beds? (d) Why should quilts be light? lecture v. Hygienic Food. "In what thou eatest, seek from thence due nourishment, not gluttonous delight." i. Bread. What are the effects of graand soda ham, white, rye, bread on the system? Which is preferable? How best prepared? No. 2. Cet, reals best way to prepare No. etc. crackers, wheat, rice, oatmeal, Doc. Ref. of Wisdom. Meats. Word 3. and Cov., Sec. 89. Beef, mutton, pork, poultry and fish. Give best way of preparation to be most wholesome and nutritious. No. 4. Vegetables value as food. Effects of eating between meals. . Effects of pastry- No. 5. Fruits why essential to health? No. 6. Substitutes for meat, beans, peas. Explain their value as food. yeast-powde- r, Minutes of 35th conference of the Relief Society of Uintah Stake of Zion, held at Naples Ward, May 30, 1905. President Sarah M. Colton presiding. Sister Emma Woodruff spoke of the labors of teachers in the Relief Society and the responsibilities that rest upon them; also of evil speaking one toward the other, and of honoring the Priesthood. She referred to the young, especially the young men that are sent on missions, that they should be taught to trust in the Lord, and urged the parents not to neglect their children in sending them to Sunday School, Religion Class and Primary, and in teaching them to pay their tithes and offerings and to observe the Sabbath day. Sister Hattie Harker felt thankful in having such a beautiful place to meet in. Spoke of the duties of the sisters in connection with the brethren. Referred to the example of the Savior, thought we should guard the morals of our young people and be guarded against all evil surroundings; gave instructions to the secretaries in their duties. The choir sang. Conference adjourned until 2 p. m. Benediction by Patriarch Nelson Merkley. President Sarah Afternoon session. M. Colton presiding. An essay on "Neglect of Duty" by May Bartlett, was given. Sister Mary J. Harder reported Glines Ward and Sister America Orser, Jensen Ward, both these wards are doing good work. Mountain Dell ward not reported. President Bennion, Sister Annie K. Bartlett, Sister Hattie Harker, Sister Emma Woodruff, all spoke words of encouragement to all present. President Colton made a few closing remarks and thanked all for the services they had rendered. The next conference will be held at Jensen. Singing. Conference adjourned for three months. Benediction by Counselor R. S. Collett. Phebe whole-whea- - STAKE. A. Merkley, Sec'y. LIBERTY STAXE. The semi-annu- al conference of the Relief Society of the Liberty Stake of Zion convened June 8, 1905. In the Second Ward meeting house. President Annie S. Musser presiding. Meeting opened by singing "We thank thee, O God, for a prophet." Prayer by Sister Mary Mair, followed by a solo by " Sister Eva James. Roll called, each ward responding. Minutes of previous conference read and accepted, also the statistical and financial report for the year 1904. President Musser welcomed the sisters, and spoke a few words of encouragement. Favorable reports were given by Presidents Squires, Anderson, Maycock, and Chamberlain, of the First, Second, Third, and Eighth wards respectively. Miss Shipp rendered the solo, "The Lord is my light." President Musser introduced Sisters Emma Carter, Elizabeth Higgingbotbam and Martha Nowlan, who had been appointed as stake missionaries; each expressed her desire to perform the duties required of her, and keep the commandments of God. Counselor Z. V. Eardley said a few words, felt that it was truly good to be a Saint, and that there was work for all to do. Adjourned until 2 o'clock by singing "Our God, we raise to Thee," etc. Benediction by Sister Grace Anderson. Afternoon session, 2 o'clock. Commenced by singing "O say what is truth," etc. Prayer by Counselor Philip S. May-coc- k. Singing, "Redeemer of Israel." Minutes of the afternoon session of the December conference was read and accepted. Counselor Eardley presented the names of the General Board, also names of the Stake Board, and all were unanimously sustained. President Bathsheba W. Smith said she was the only one remaintng who was present at the organization of the Relief Society; related many incidents In the early history of the Church, and expressed her great pleasure' in assisting the poor. Counselor Hyde spoke of the great and good work performed in the temple for the redemption of the dead. Sister Hull favored us with the solo entitled "Resignation." Sister Jennings spoke of the progression of the Savior, saying He had set the example, and for us to follow in His footsteps and continue in the good work. Asked the mothers to keep a watchful eye on the daughters of Zion, organize classes to instruct and entertain them, shield them from outside influence, also to instruct them in the domestic side of life. President Musser desired that the sisters of the Relief Society devote one day a month to temple work for the poor. President Hugh J. Cannon felt that the Relief Society had a great work to perform; would render us assistance and encouraged us to do all the good we could. Counselor Philip S. Maycock said our work should make us all pure, noble, charitable, and everything that is lovely; we should all follow in the footsteps of the Savior. Counselor Arnold H. Schulthess felt well repaid for attending our conference; assured us our work was fully appreciated ; thought we should strive to add continually to our good works. Sister Hull favored us with another beautiful solo. President Musser thanked all who had helped to make our conference a success. Adjourned for six months by singing the Doxology. Benediction by Counselor A. H. Schul- thess. Lizzie Robbins, Sec' 