WOMAN'S EXPONENT 58 that evening.' The next day we started out to see the sights of Copenhagen, which First we went to the Art were not many. Gallery, but as it wasn't very large and had no noted pictures in, we didn't stay very long. Then we went to Thorvaldsen's Museum. This was very interesting and all the sculpture work there was done by Thorvaldsen. There are some very beautiful statues in it. That afternoon we went to the Zoological Gardens where I saw lots of animals which I have heard and read about, but Then we that I have never seen before. walked through some real pretty parks back to the hotel. I suppose you know there is not so much to see in Copenhagen as in Berlin. The next day we went to another pretty park and the harbor, and then to a large We passed the forest near the sea shore. King of Denmark's palace, but as visitors were not being admitted then, we could not We took a boat that even-fo- r go through it. Malmo and from there we took a train for Stockholm. We arrived in Stockholm the next morning. We had a sleeping car. The first I have seen over here, and they are nothing to compare with the ones at home, but much better than sitting up all night. This afternoon we went through the king's palace, and it was real nice. There is a museum there of old costumes and I never saw such funny dresses in my life as I saw there. The guest's rooms were lovely and I wouldn't mind being a guest there myself. That evening after meeting we took a walk through some of the parks. Stockholm is a very beautiful city, and has the loveliest location of any city I have seen. You can't go anywhere without crossing It is called bridges or taking ferry boats. the Venice of the North. The next day we went first up on an elevator and got a lovely view of the city, and then we went through an old church where some of the kings and queens of Sweden are buried. It was a very dismal place. Then we took a ride around the city and saw the residences, which were all real pretty. Then we went to the north muIt is seum, which was very interesting. full of old costumes, furniture, kettles, etc., like are used in some of the country parts of Sweden at present. From there we took a boat and went around one of the islands; it is the prettiest boat ride I have ever had. Both shores were covered with forests and the water was very smooth, so it made a beautiful sight. The next day we went to the National Museum which is full of pictures, and statues. There were no noted pictures, but some very fine work. That afternoon we went out to the king's summer palace, which is on one of the islands not far from the city. We went through the palace and walked around the grounds. I liked the palace very much but I liked the grounds better. We left Stockholm the next morning for We were on the boat three Gothenburg. days, and although the scenery was perfectly lovely, it was the same thing over and We oyer, and so soon became tiresome. all got sea sick the second day while on one of the big lakes. We saw some falls which are said to be next to Niagara, but I don't think the two can be compared. Maybe it ' is because Niagara is in America. There wasn't anything to see in Gothen- - Gen. Heath, Lucy S. W. Smith. burg but the parks and a forest, so after we B. Wells; had seen those we didn't have much to do, Discussion. December 16th Gen. Knox, Clarissa Y. so sat around the hotel and went for little Spencer; John Hancock, Carol Y. Cannon. walks We left Gothenburg Tuesday morning Discussion. January 16th Robert Morrisjulia A. F. and arrived in Christiania about three Gen. George Clinton, Elizabeth R. we Lund; That o'clock that afternoon. evening a real heard and Wright. Discussion. went to one of the parks Februarv x6th Gen Morgan, Almira De good orchestra. of Wolfe; Gen Ward, Maria Y. Dougall. We spent most of the next day on one of the mountains near the city and it is one the prettiest places I have ever seen. We walked to the top of the mountain where we RELIEF SOCIETY ORGANIZED. got an excellent view of the city. The next day we visited one of the palRELIEF SOCIETY OF LEIPZIG AND REPORT aces and went to the oldest Christian church OF ITS ORGANIZATION. in Norway. It is the funniest little buildas dark as and seen I ever have pitch just ing By invitation of Chas. J. Thomas, presiinside. It rained the next day, so we Leipzig Branch, the sisters didn't go anywhere in the morning, but in ding Elder of D. in met L. S. hall, no. 2 Universitat the the afternoon we went to the Art gallery. on 3tr. Sunda3 August 28, 1904, to conThey were moving from one building to sider the subject of the organization of a ReThere is another, so we didn't see much. After singing and prayer, a shed near tke museum and in it is one of lief Society. the old Viking ships which was dug out of Elder Thomas moved and Pres. Benson be the clay on the seashore. It is almost "gone seconded the motion that Sister Alder temporary chairman. Brother Franz Schulze up the spout," but is still very interesting. The next morning we took the tourist was elected secretary. Sister Alder stated boat and lode around for two hours and a the object of the meeting to be the advisahalf on the Christiania Fjord and it was a bility of organizing a Relief Society. It was moved Elder Geo. A. Alder to have a lovely ride. Then for a change we went to Reliet by Society. Elder Thomas seconded the another park and got another view of the motion. It was unanimously voted that an city, but it was not a very clear day, and so the view was not as good as some we had organization be effected. Elder Thomas moved that Sister Selma Gunther be presihad. The next day was Sunday, and so we dent. Elder Alder seconded the motion, didn't do a thing but go to meeting, and As first counselor Sister Maria Kretschwor the next day we left for home. We went was elected and as second counselor Sister Ida Loffler was elected. Emma Homberger home by way of Copenhagen, Kiel, Hamwas elected secretary and Lydia Piusch burg and Rotterdam, but didn't stay in any treasurer. Frederieke Poitz, Marie Hiller, one place long enough to see anything. We Wolf and Louie Auguste Low were chosen saw a lot of German battle ships in the These teachers. sisters were all set apart Kiel harbor, and I never s iw such enormfor their various offices, by the following ous things in my life. We were all deathly sick crossing the North Sea. We left papa brethren, Alder, Benson, Schulze, and at Christiania and he had another three day Thomas. President Gunther took the chair by rewater trip before him, so we all thought of quest of Elder Thomas, Sister Alder gave him while sea sick and felt sorry for him. them instructions in regard to their duties 'We got home on the 25th of August, as officers and members and spoke of the just in time to rush down to the landing first organization in Nauvoo. Sister Gunstage and see Brother Robinson and Laura Foster off. We were very glad to get here ther called an officers' meeting the following evening at the house of Sister Hausdorf for in time to say good by to tLem. the purpose of further instructions. On We were all very glad to get home, and motion, meeting was adjourned to time and only wished we could have brought papa Benediction was offered by specified. place with us. Friedrich Brother Gunther; Well, all the news is told, so I will close D. Andrews. Richard with lo s of love to all, especially yourself. From your loving granddaughter Grace. Liverpool, England, Oct. 10, 1904. PROGRAM FOR UTAH SOCIETY TERS OF THE REVOLUTION-I905-J9- 06. Lady Henry Somerset will be a guest at the annual meeting of the W. C. T. U. to be held at Portland, next October. DAUGH- March 16th Gen. Schuyler, Catherine Wells; Gen. Montgomery, Mary A. H. Cannon. Discussion. April 1 6th Gen. Richard Henry Lee, Emily H. C. Willey; Gen. Lincoln, Emily Y. Clawson. Discussion. May 16 Gen. Ethan Allen, Diana Rich; Gen. Mercer, Ann Lyinan King. Discus- sion. Gen. Stark, Julia P. M. Dr. Farnsworth; Joseph Warren, Phebe Y. Beatie. Discussion. October 16th Gen. Putnam, Mary Lyman Gowans; Gen. Joseph Spencer, Mira September 16 Y. Rossiter. Discussion. November 1 6 th PatrickHenry,Emmelin e Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Gilman has sailed for Europe, where she has engagements to lecture in London, Berlin and elsewhere. The Kansas House of Representatives,by a vote of 65 to 49, has passed a bill to allow women to vote for presidential electors. Queen Wilhelmina of Holland is making money by selling milk and butter. As a child Wilhelmina kept chickens. She fed them, and incidentally made pocket-mone- y out of them. Miss Susan B. Anthony celebrated her birthday in Rochester, N. Y., on Feb. 15. She received greetings from eighty-fift- h Finland, Switzerland, Holland, Austria, Germany, Australia, South America. Mexico, and from all parts of the United States. 