WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Presidency presided over the Church, and if they needed his instruction they could ask and he would be pleased to give it from time to time. Let the Presidency serve as a constitution and their decisions become precedents for you to act upon- - If officers are wanted to carry out the designs of the institutions, let them be appointed and set apart, as Teacher, Deacons, etc., are among us. Elizabeth A. Whitney moved, and Sophia Packard seconded the motion that Emma Smith be elected President of the' society, the vote was put by the chairman and pronounced unanimous. The Presi dent Elect made choice ot Sarah M. Cleveland and Elizabeth Ann Whitney as her counselors. Eliza R. Snow was appointed Secretary and Phebe M. Wheeler assistant Secretary and Elvira A. Coules, Treasurer. President Joseph Smith read the Reve- lation to Emma Smith from the Doctrine and Covenants, and stated that she was ordained at the time the Revelation was given, to expound the Scriptures, to teach, etc. He then read the Scriptures to show that an elect lady is one elected to preside. By request of President Joseph Smith, Apostle John Taylor ordained Sarah M. Cleveland and Elizabeth Ann Whitney, to be counselors to and assist President Emma Smith in the duties of her office, and share in the blessings pertaining thereto. He then confirmed on Emma Smith her former ordination and blessed her to be a mother in Israel, a pattern of virtue and to possess all the qualifications necessary to enable her to preside with dignity and give such instruction, as may be requisite in her calling as an Elect Lady. Elder Taylor vacated the chair and President Emma Smith and counselors took the stand. A lengthy discussion followed on the question, "What shall this Society be called?" Mrs. Cleveland and Whitney advocated the appropriateness of the name Relief Society. John Taylor and of the word in favor Smith Joseph spoke Smith and E. R. Benevolent, Emma Snow argued in favor of Mrs. Cleveland's choice. The gentlemen withdrew their objection and a motion to adopt the name Relief Society was unanimously bers of the Society, he wished those not members to withdraw. After which he called attention to the 12th chapter of Corinthians, "Now concerning spiritual gifts," etc-- , said the passage which reads, "No man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost," etc., should be translated "No man can know," etc., continued the reading of the chapter, and gave instructions respecting the different offices and the necessity of every individual acting in the place allotted to him or her, and filling the office to which they were appointed. Spoke of the disposition of some to consider the lower offices in the Church dishonorable and to look with jealous eyes on the position of others; said it was the nonsense of the human heart to aspire to positions not appointed of God, that it was better for individuals to magnify their respective callings and wait patiently till God shall say to them, "Come up higher," said it was talked by members of the Society that some were not doing right in laying hands on the sick. If they had common sympathy, they would rejoice that the sick could be healed. The time has not been before when these things could be in their proper order. The Church is not now organized in its proper order and cannot be until the temple is He referred to the commiscompleted. sion given to the ancient Apostles, "Go ye into all the world," etc , no matter who believes these signs, such as healing .the sick, casting out devils, should follow all that believe, whether male or female. If the sisters have faith to heal the sick, let them do so, and let the good work roll on. - It is no sin for anybody to administer to the sick that has faith, or if the sick have faith to be healed by the administration-Reproved those that were disposed to find fault, spoke at some length on the difficulties he had had to surmount ever since the organization of the Church, on account of aspiring men, said the same aspiring disposition will be in this Society and must be guarded against. As he had the opportunity he would instruct the Society how to act according to the will of God. He did not know that he should have many opportunities of teaching them, they were going to be left to themselves, they would not long have him to instruct them, the Church would have his instruction long and the not carried. dewould not be troubled with him a world Pres. JosephSmith then said, "I now clare this Society organized with presigreat while, according to his prayer God And who shall had appointed him elsewhere. The condent and counselors. hereafter be admitted must be free from gregation was melted to tears. He exhorted the sisters to sustain with censure and admitted by vote. President dent JosephSmith laid down a five dollar their confidence, their faith, and their gold piece to commence a Relief Society prayers, those whom God had appointed fund and said, "What I do hereafter for to lead- Said the keys are about to be able to decharity, I shall do through this society," given to you that you may be as the EldSarah M. Cleveland gave I2cts. Sarah tect anyihing false, as readily If members of the Society become ers. M. Kimball, $i oo. Emma Smith, $1.00, Elizabeth Ann Whitney, 5octs-- , Willard corrupt, you must deal with them, the sympathies of the heads of the Church Richards, $i oo, John Taylor, $2.00. At the 3rd meeting of the Society, have induced them to bear with those that March 30th, President Joseph Smith said, were corrupt, in consequence of which the members of the society must act in all become contaminated, you must put down iniquity and by your good example concert, or nothing can be accomplished. Priestprovoke the Elders to good works. To move according to the ancient If you do right, there is no danger of hood, this must be a select society, sepgoing too fast, resist evil, and there is no arate from the evils of the world. dev-il- s Sixth meeting, April 28th. President danger, neither God, men, angels or can condemn those that resist everyJoseph Smith said he was present in-to thing that is evil. As well might the speak upon the Priesthood, and his devil seek to dethrone Jehovah as that structions were intended only for mem - 37 soul that resists everything evil- You are now placed in a situation where you can act according to those sympathies which God has planted in your bosoms. If you accord with your privileges angels cannot be restrained from being your associates. Women if they are pure and innocent can come into the presence of God- If we would come into the presence of God we must be pure. The devil has great Do not power, his ways are deceptive. be contentious, but let the weight of innocence be felt, which is more mighty than a millstone hung about the neck, meekness, love, purity, these are the things that should magnify us. Iniquity must be purged out, then the veil will be rent and the blessings of heaven will flow down, After this instruction you will be more responsible; it is an honor to save yourselves, all are responsible for themselves. Then read the 13th chapter of Cor., "Though I speak with the tongue of men," etc., said do not be limited in your views in regard to your neighbors' virtues, do not think yourselves more righteous than others. You must enlarge your souls towards others, if you would do like Jesus and carry your fellow creatures to Abraham's bosom, He had manifested long suffering and we must do the same. Said, "Though one have the spirit of prophecy," etc, though one should become mighty and do great things, overthrow mountains, and then turn to do that which is evil, all former deeds would not save them, but they would go to deAs you increase in innocence, struction. virtue and goodness, let your hearts expand, let them be enlarged towards and others, you must be bear with the faults and errors of mankindHow precious the souls of men! The society is to get instruction through the order which God has established, through the medium of those appointed to lead, and I now turn the key to you in the name of God, and this Society shall rejoice and knowledge and intelligence shall flow down from this time, this is the beginning of better days for you. When you go home never give a cross word, but let kindness, charity and love crown your works. Do not envy sinners, exercise mercy towards them. Let your administrations be confined As far as mostly to those around you. knowledge is concerned, it may extend to But your administration all the world. should be confined to the circle of your acquaintance, and more especially to the members of the Society. Those ordained to lead the Society are authorized to appoint officers as the circumstances shall require. If any have a matter to reveal, let it be in your own tougue, do not indulge too much in the gift of tongues, or the devil will take advantage. You may speak in tongues for your But I lay this down as a rule, comfort- that if anything is taught by the gift of tongues, it is not to be received as doc- - long-sufferi- ng trine. President Smith then gave instruction respecting women administering to the sick by the laying on of hands, said it was according to revelation, he never was placed in similar circumstances and never had given the same instruction. At the ninth Relief Society meeting, May 26th, the Prophet read the 14th 