WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Mercy Spencer, the president could not come, they were very far from headquarters and away irom railroads, in an isolated locality and many adverse circumstances to contend with, but withal were trying to serve the Lord. All these presidents were courteously introduced to the conference. Sister Nellie Druce Pugsley, one of the sweet singers of Israel, sang a solo, "Home So Dear," accompinied on the organ by Sister V'late Nebeker Bennion, as an encore she gave, "The Swallow to God leaves her young within her nest," the music was much appreciated. Morgan Stake was represented by President Lydia Rich, who spoke especially of the interest taken by the brethren of the Stake in tbeir meetings and conferences, they were often visited by members of the High Council or Patriarchs. President Elizabeth Lyton of St. Joseph Stake, gave quite a full account of the work of the Relief Society in that part of Arizona, which was very interesting, and rather out of the ordinary method of reports which in a way are necessarily verj similar. Granite Stake, represented by President Emma S. Woodruff, was also an exceedingly interesting report, and the amount of work accomplished seemed almost incredible, but the activity of the sisters in charitable and philanthropic work and the ability they have to accumulate means is becoming well known. President Clarissa S. Williams, of Salt Lake Stake, one of those recently organized by the division of the former greater Salt Lake Stake, gave her report, it is not quite a year old yet, but has made in that short time a fine showing along several lines, iu making charity visits and among the sick, and the means disbursed during just about eight months since they have been in working order has been very considerable. Panguitch Stake, reported by the secretary, Margaret Haycock, like some other stakes in places remote from railroads, the people have many difficulties to meet and overcome, consequently cannot progress in some ways quite as rapidly, but spiritually are doing just as well, which is after all the main thing. President Louisa Benson, Oneida Stake, reported some progress in young mothers coming forward and taking active part, and also more grain being stored than heretofore, and altogether a little improvement all around. President Jane S. Richards, Weber Stake, referred to the first organization of the Society in Nauvoo, though there were oniy a few members they had the spirit of the wcrk, and the Prophet Joseph to meet with them from time to time. In regard to Relief Weber County they had a good-sizeand at the last Society hall in that Stake, not officers' meeiing there was standing room She felt there were so many present. in we could not be too energetic charity work, visit the aged and comfort them as well as the needy and the sick. Meeting adjourned until two p. m. Singing, "We thank thee, O God," etc. Benediction by Sister Carrie S. Thomas. d Afternoon session, 2 p, m., opened by singing, Professor C. J. Thomas leader, with members vf tbe Tabernacle choir, Hymn, "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah. Prayer by Dr. Margaret C. Roberts, singing by the choir, "Give me thy heart." President Bathsheba W. Smith spoke up on visiting the sick and needy. "My dear sisters, I am very much pleased to see so many here, and I feel to bless you all for the work you are doing in this labor of love. I have brought something to read to She you from the Prophet's sayings." then read: "The sectarians have no charity for me, but I have for them, and I intend to send men to them in the spirit world that they may receive the Gospel by proxy, that they may be redeemed and come into the The Prophet also said he inkingdom-- " tended to make of this society one according to the ancient priesthood, a kingdom of priests. Sister Smith remarked that all who were present on the day when the Prophet Joseph organized the society had passed away, every one except herself, many hundreds were added to the society in Nauvoo afterwards, but when we came away from there the society was broken up, after we cime here it was organized again in wards, and soon. "Look around this house and you will see what has been the result, and we have never been left yet without a prophet, and we don't expect to be. The Prophet Joseph said every virtuous woman ought to belong to the Relief Society, and we have kept it select, and we want to be, and to keep ourselves pure. I have worked with my hands and not dressed much, or thought much about it. When I was a young girl I was anxious to go to Z'on and wanted to go with my sister, and I felt like my heart would break when I was disappointed, and a voice just said to me, 'Don't .cry, you will go and right away too,' and it cheered me up, and I felt happy, and it came to pass, and almost as soon as we arrived in Missouri the mob came, but I felt that Mormonini was true. The mob took the Prophet and others and put them in prison and treated them awfully, and finally after many trials and persecutions and we were driven from the state,. we got a home aga'n iu Nauvoo, then the enemy drove us again, and they would do it now if they could, but they will drive us together and we will have more love, and we will keep in the pith of duty; this is my prayer, that we may be saved in the celestial kingdom. Amen." "The Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry: baby th it said in the Kindergarten, 'I love everybody here,' cenainly expressed my feeling for everyone bere. Faith sustains us all through our lives, one of the sisters reported that their missionaries visited the schools, if you had all been teachers, as I have, possibly you might know better than you do what this means to the school and the teachers; if this practice could be adopted by our sisters, it would benefit the child who always takes pride in bein noticed; we want the child awakened spiritually, the mother asks when? It is a hard question to answer. The mother can do most." The speaker referred to a conversation she had with a young lady who had been waiting on an invalid mother eight years, spoke of her as refinement itself, our thoughts should r e our guides, if we can only set good examples of purity before our children and have an influence of spiritual refinement and of gentleness, it will give us some satisfaction in living. Sister Nellie Druce Pugsley, accompanied by MiS CQray, gaye a sublime, mi im 85 pressive rendering of "Ava Maria" which was highly appreciated. Sister Clarissa S. Williams spoke specially upon Relief Society work, she realized that those asembled there wanted to get something to help them, the Prophet Joseph organized the Relief Society, sometimes we aie narrow enough to think that feeding the hungry and clothing the destitute is all; but one thing is to be saviors of all; if he had not had the confidence of those who were with him, he could not have done the work he did, our s'sters, in their acts of charity should carry with them the spirit of saviors of Zion, honest and truthfu'; we believe that in the years that this society has been established, the Prophet Joseph's sayings have been very helpful; he often spoke of charity, and ihat if we saw a fault we should not by word or deed magnify it, he meant we should have the charity which teaches us to love each other, there is a saying that I saw on the wall of the Relief Society hall in Beaver, containing the sentiments the Prophet implied when he taught the society at that first meeting; the work of ministering to the sick and afflicted is one that needs attention, there are many ways of caring for the sick and old people living alone; if we coulc have a little home for these aged ones it v ould be very gratifying, we feel the need of it more in the city; while the nurses do much of this they are not always needed, and there are many little kindnesses required that help to sweeten one's loneliness in declining years, may we have wisdom to guide us in all our work, we pray the Lord to bless our prophet in this day. An original poem by Sister E. B. Wells, entitled "The Elect Lady," and addressed to the General President. Bathsheba W. Smith, was read by the author. Sister Priscilla P. Jennings: "Bringing the young women into the Relief Society has been spoken of today, and I want to say a few words that will bring the young women in with us. Why could we not have a class in each ward for sewing, and have a capable woman to take charge of the work? We want to ensure happiness, we have so many cares, so much work to do, even the mending of stockings could be done when a few come together, and have a little pleasure in the meantime in associating together, mothers would be glad to sit down for awhile; and even fine needle work could be brought in; many young women have not had the opportunity of being properly taught how to sew and mend, let them learn these important things, that are needed in the home. Don't let our young girls go to these public dances, let us guard the steps of the young, we are here to save our souls, let us reach out our arms in this way; some do not wish the care of housekeeping, but all these things are womanly, let us have the sewing class, it will attract the girls; I love the young people, love to have them around me, these things are for the betterment of women and betterment of men. In looking upon this audience it does not seem as if the Relief Society was dead. I pray for our President and for President Joseph F. Smith." Professor Cnarles Kent, with his magnificent voice accompanied by his wife, rendered in the most feelingly expressive style, the hymn composed by President John Taylor, and familiar to all Latter day Saints, "The Seer, the Seer, Joseph the Seer." Sister Mary Alice Lambert, by special request, t?14 of the first time this byma was 