WOMAN'S EXPONENT 88 THE NATIONAL CONVENTION. The 37th Annual Convention of the National American Woman Suffrage Association will be held In the First Congregational Church, Portland, Oregon, June 28 to July 5, inclusive. A cordial invitation is extended to all who believe in the inalienable right of woand also those not men to with the in purposes of this sympathy yet association. A government of men and women not by women alone, net by men alone, but a government of men and women, by men and women, for men and women this is the aim and ideal of our association. The movement for the enfranchisement of women is based upon the unchangeable principles of human liberty, in accordance with which successive classes of men have won the right of . Susan B. Anthony, Honorary President. Rev. Anna Howard Shaw, President. Carrie Chapman Catt, Vice-Presiden- t. Alice Stone Blackwell, Kate M. Recording Secretary. Gordon, Corresponding Secretary. Harriet Taylor Upton, Treasurer. L,aura Clay, Cora Smith Eaton, Auditors. TRIBUTE TO SISTER CAROLINE PACE. "Sister Caroline Pace is dead." These words brought sorrow to every household that was wont to receive succor in the past from the hand cf the departed, and they were multitudes. What a beautiful life was hers on earth! A ministering angel in times of sorrow, blessed with a gladsome soul for those who could smile. She would brave the elements in the fiercest of storms to alleviate the sorrow anJl suffering cf the poor and distressed, without one thought of personal gain; the knowledge that she could do some one some good was sufficient for her. Imagine a woman whose every thought was for the welfare of those about her; whose hand and brain were never idle, but always working for the accomplishment ot good; whose faith has accomplished wonders at the bedside of the sick; whose presence has lightened the cares and bandaged up the hope of the convalescent; and whose never failing faith in her Heavenly Father made her a heroine in the presence of death such a woman was Aunt Caroline Pace. Already we have asked; "Who will care for the dead, now Sister Pace is gone?" Aunt Caroline, no grave stone need be erected to perpetuate your memory your life's labor form a grand monument, whose beauty cannot be marred by the crumbling influence of the elements.nor whose epitaph can be effaced by the ever ceaseless flow of the stream of time. R. K. resolutions of respect. Wbereas, God in His infinite wisdom has seen fit to call from our midst cur beloved president, Sister Caroline Pace. Whereas, We feel that we have lost one of our most wortny members and devoted workers. Therefore, Be it resolved by the members of the Sp.mis Fork Second Wc,rd Relief Society, that we mourn her untimely death but feel to siy that our loss is the Father's gain and hence from this we gain some comfort. Resolved, That we extend to the family of the deceased our sincere .sympathy. Resolved, Further that a copy of these resolutions together with the above tribute be spread upon the records of the society and that a copy be printed in The Spanish Fork Press, also Woman's Exponent. 1 friend of the needy, kind helper of youth, Firm guardian of mtrit. bright lover of truth. Thy sleep shall be peaceful, unbroken thy rest, Thy spirit, disburdened, shall sleep 011 God's breast. S weet Oh, well wo remember, sweet spirit, the light, God lent us awhile ere it sank in the night The night we call death, yet in vain we stx; The day spring of giory envelopeth thee. Sweet, sweet be thy slumber, Sleep sweet as a babe on the God grant we may meet thee shore, To part with thee, dear one. unbroken thy rest, Savior's kind breast, on Heaven's bright in grief, nevermore. 71 KAIZER WILLIAM'S STABLES. Opposite the Imperial Palace in Berlin, the large five story building is that of the Emperor's stables. Up an inclined walk, we reach the second story, where are housed the royal carriage in number. They are horses, soventy-eigh- t large and coal black, each one wearing a blanket, in the corner of which is embroidered the Kaizer's crest and a crown. In the third story are the saddle horses used for riding and the chase. These are not so large, and are of a lighter color. A few at the farther end seem to have special One at privileges, being in box stalls. least is old. for he put out his tongue in a caressing manner to any one who would rub his nose, so we discovered he had no teeth. On the next floor are the carriages, (a The silver and blue decoragreat many.) tions denote the royal family, the red ones the court. In another room are the court and coronation coaches, of rare design and On the lavishly emblazoned with gold. next floor are the kitchen wagons, as they are called. These are used by the hunting Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE, and solicit your patronage. We aim to give you as Tjch a possujle ;or your money. Q -- TRY IIP II WW E One is parties for conveying provisions. of is and capable carrying enough very large food to feed sixty persons for a week. One hunting wagon has a complete boat in its bed, the seats of the wagon being also the seat of the boat. Upon being lifted out of the wagon, the boat is ready tor the water. One very large kitchen wagon was the gilt of King Edward of England, but the guide told us rt had never been used. In this department are about a dozen handsome sleighs, fine lap robes are thrown over these, thus indicating that they are ready to be taken out at a moment's 'notice. The Kinderwagen, used by the Emperor's children, is shown here, and the garden wagon, used by Queen Eouise, the upholstery of which is tattered and faded. these are others belonging to royal personages, and some invalid or Bath chairs. In one corner is the horse on which Frederick the Great was wont to ride, with its embroidered saddle trappings. It seems incredible that its form could be preserved so long, being over two hundred and fifty years, though now the hair Is falling off its back. In the opposite corner is shown likewise the horse on which William I. rode war. during the Franco-Prussia- n It is evident that horses have been improved since those days, both in color and in size, Much attention is paid to pedione of the present Emperor's Each grees. horses has its name and pedigree on a sign at the head of its stall. It seems odd to us to see the hostlers with black broadcloth trousers, and scarlet colored velvet jackets, working among the horses. In another department the harness is kept. One set is so heavy that it is said the horses have to carry twenty pounds of lead on their heads for a week to accustom them to its weight. The coronation harness U The about half gold, to rnaich the coach. silver and blue harness is used with the royal carriages. There are four sets of sad-diharness, never used, which were presented to the Emperor by the Sultan of Moscow. Their design is elegant, the oriental work in them most ingenious and beautiful. There is more harness displayed used, as the guide said, on gala occasions with the coaches also used then. All this finery is to come out when the Crown Prince is married next May. Then the people may behold where a mint of wealth is lying useless save during the of a royal marriage. Be-aid- e THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, vV She is not lost, only gone before to a greater sphere where her beautiful life will grow more beautiful by contact with the peaceful influence of Heavenly presence. God grant that she may rest in peace and that we may live lives sufficiently pure to meet with her in the spirit world for we feel to say to meet her there will be to know Heaven. pa-pea- nt Lydia D. Berlin, March. 1905. Alder. Save Your Money! And when you get a dol'ar, deposit H with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 41,191 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount fromoDS dollar to five thousand, and compute said interest Semi-annuall- y. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. No. 1 East Temple Street. 