WOMAN'S EXPONENT 24 for good- - eternal life. We must work hard to gain Rhoda C- Hinman said the remarks of the sisters had brought manv things to her mind. She had been personally acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith, and could testify he was a prophet of God; she was also acquainted with the members of the first Relief Society. "The magnitude of this work is a testimony to me. We should encourage our girls to attend these meetings." Elder Thomas Duce said "the Relief Society has a great and important part in the Kingdom of God. We shall be judged by our works." Was pleased to see representatives from the northern settlements, some of them have come one miles to attend hundred and thirty-fivCounselor serve her many years to lead her sisters and set an example of love and good - Sina Chipman desired to profit by the teachings we had today from our beloved presidentEmily Bullock bore testimony to the goodness and worth of Sister Smith and the good counsel she used to give to the young people- M. knew that this was the true Church of God, for it had been revealed to her. President Jos. H. Clark said one of the speakers had urged the necessity of keeping our girls at home, and he thought the same caution should be used in regard to our boysIf children go out in the world to make more clothing or more means and lose their souls what e will it profit them? He saw little boys this conference-Presidestanding around at night smoking and Edward J. Wood spoke of some profaning the name of the Lord. the great amount ot good that can be The worst influences are around at night accomplished by mothers; hoped that waiting for our children. May the Lord each one had heard something this day bless the sisters in their t A- J- Evans said "the rebuke that would apply to our needs, and see to it that their sons and daughters of a friend is better than the kiss of an are preparing themselves to fill future enemy." The parents who call the famOur work does ily together and pray for the servants of positions with honor. not consist in doing good only to one's God and the welfare of the Church, are own, but to all, as often as we can. giving the children a testimony of this Conference was adjourned for three work which is necessary for their guidmonths with singing and benedticionance. Referred to the law of fasting and M. L. Woolf. was afraid that many only kept part of this commandment. President Standring made closing reALPINE STAKE. marks; singing and benediction- Conference adjourned for three months( Concluded. ) - - - nt labors-Presiden- - - - - - E- - Afternoon session. Meeting opened at 2 o'clock, President Standring presiding, Opening exercises as usual, singing, prayer, minutes, etc "We Sister Clarissa S. Williams: have met as a body of Relief Society workers. If it could be possible to call young women to be teachers in connection with older ones, they could take the burden of the work and be obtaining experience which would be very useful. There is abundant work for us to do, many sick and aged need looking after, and perhaps one sister might look after several such poor persons-- Felt that the sisters here were all true, conscientious mothers and desired to encourage them not to speak lightly but teach the children the proper reverence for sacred places and sacred things. Counselor Harriet Jacobs thought it was a great privilege to see, and hear the testimony of President B. W. Smith, for she is the only one living who was at the organization of this society-SisteRosalia Driggs said we have been this day in the teachings favored highly of these sisters-Solo- , " them-Warne- r Sister Julia B- - Grant-Presiden- t W. Smith wanted the sisters to know that this is the true Church. The Prophet said one great thing was to look after the morals of the people and she believed in mothers taking care of their girls and doing all they can to further the work of the Lord- Prayed the Lord to bless Sister Standring and pre B- - - R. K. . Featherstone, Sec- - GOOD WORDS. BY CLARA B. COLBY. M. ISABELLA HORXE. "Truth will prevail," wrote Zina I). H. Young; "Charity covers a multitude of sins, "wrote Presendia L- H. Kimball; and - "Love thy neighbor," wrote M. Isabella Home, in an autograph book which is a much prized souvenir of a lecture trip and a reception in Salt Lake. It was in the autumn of 1888 and Mrs. Elizabeth Lyle Saxon lecturing on "Social Purity" and the editor of the Woman's Tribune telling the wonderful story of that first great coming together of women of different organizations and countries, had been warmly received by the women of Utah and one of the courtesies shown us was a reception in the Amelia Palace- One of the ladies present took an autograph album and secured the signatures of the distinguished women present, wives and daughters of the presidents and apostles of the church and many of them holding office in the church societies and scarcely second in public esteem and in authority to the male hierarchy. Most of the pioneers have now moved on, and who died recently' in her 87th year, was the last survivor of the three I have quoted. She had joined the Mormon church in 1836, endured the persecu - Mrs-Home- 67, 69, Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE, and solicit your patronage. We aim to give you as such as possible for your money. TRY : -- US - management of Deseret Hospital. was strikingly handsome, with bright dark eyes and kindly face, which of itself bore testimony that in every relation and duty of life she had obeyed the Divine injunction which she took fcr her motto. Editor Woman's Tribune. Mrs-Hom- e SHOULD WE NOT HAVE A WOMAN'S DAY? The state in which I reside has eight holidays on which the postmaster and other public officials have the right to Some of them keep their doors closed. are general for the whole United States; Some are especial for our state only. Why is it that not one of these is a memorial of any woman? Several are the of distinguished men. birthdays Now I wish for information. Has no states and five terrione of our forty-fiv- e a day in honor of established ever tories of its one great women or of some one of the great women of the world? If this be the case, what do you think of establishing a day for the whole United States to be known as "Woman's Day," on which schools, associations, and such societies as may wish, shall celebrate womanhood in general, or any great or good woman they may decide to honor? Is it not as appropriate to have a "Woman's Day" as a "Labor Day?" If this suggestion meets with approval I should suggest for this purpose the 25th of March, Annunciation Day. In England it is called "Lady Day," and is an important epoch, rents being always paid on that day. Surely no day could be better suited to this purpose than that on which the curse of Eve became the blessing of Mary and countless generations. Mary's song has always seemed to be the voice of all womankind rejoicing in the removal of its ban, "Thenceforth all generations have called us blessed." Julia Woman's Journal. S. Tutwiler. Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings-banin Utah. Since the establishment of the bank have opened more than 41,191 savings accounts. we ,, THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 71 tions in Nauvoo; and had crossed the plains in 1847, sharing the hardships of Apostle Taylor's party. By appointment of Brigham Young she was president of the Retrenchment Association, and had held offices in the church societies since She had also been connected with 1853the Utah Silk Association, and with the The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenw io are minor, to open savings accounts in their 01 n name, subject to their own order. H ve you such an account? If not, open one NOW YVe pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from ODe dollar to five thousand, and compute said interest Semi-annuall- y. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. No. 1 East Temple Street, 