WOMAN'S EXPONENT 56 an exhaustive study of it, and to the lectures given in the Young Woman's Journal as used in the Y. L. M. I. A. throughout the Church. If I should borrow their ideas too much, my only excuse is that they are a little better than any I have yet heard or read, and still the mothers whom I wish to reach do not often come in contact with thos2 who are now pushing f )rvvard this grand movement, nor the work itself as taken up in the different organizations. AS TO THE BOOK ITSELF AND ITS MISSION. leaf tells us it contains the revelations given to Joseph Smith for the building uo of the kingdom of God in the last days. Surely if you and I as mothers in Israel expect to help build up the kingdom we need these instructions revelations as much as any one. The idea that the book is only for the wise heads and those holding the Priesthood, being too strong food for women or the young, is an old prejudicial one, which is fast being removed by our young people themselves. "Its mission is to reveal the mind and will of our Father in answer to questions which arose from time to time in the Church, and to explain other doctrines as the Lord saw that they were needful for the Church." Its teachings too are fitted for our daily lives now if we will but seek to find them. On one occasion I heard an enthusiast on this work say, "It is especially adapted for women, because the nature of woman is such as to eoable her to fathom the truths contained therein." But, says the mother, how shall I go to work to study it, to find what there is in it Its fly for me? The very fact that parents use it so little in the home proves that they have not yet realized the value in enabling tbem to train up their children before God. Various suggestions as to the study of it are given in the Outlines for both Sunday School and Mutual Improvement work, as well as a splendid article on the sul ject in the Nov. number of the Improvement Era by Dr. John Widtsoe. The mother, if deeply interested as to how to become really acquainted with the book will find all she needs here, choosing for herself that which seems most suitable. As far myself, not always having with me the references which classify the subjects in topical form, and not finding it interesting to read the book page by page, I have found great joy in studying it in connection with the life ot the Prophet Joseph Smith as written by himself in the old bound volumes of the Millennial Star, beginning with Vol. xiv. It is also found in the new Church History. In reading this way I have found the reason why, and the circumstances under which each revelation was given. We find too that the Lord did not tell Joseph all concerning one principle at once, but gave knowledge as we as a people were able to receive it. R. K. And I ask mythe streets late at night." self why it is that this mother did her duty in this regard, while many other mothers seem to utterly disregard it? I take it that she knew from reading that it ws a positi v command of God that we retire and arise early, that our bodies and minds be invigorated. (Sec 83. verse 124). Oh, what a vast amount of sin and sorrow is brought into the world under cover of night, when our sons- and daughters should at least be at home with us, and in bed at decent hours. Yet I am quite sure that many of our young qeople who habitually keep late hours to the detriment of their health and morals, would not have contracted such a habit if taught from early childhood that it is in violation of a command of God, just as much as the drinking of strong drinks. And even now most of our dear girls are enough to appreciate the necessity of a reform, and their influence is great in other good or bad practices among the young, if they were, lovingly shown this passage and impressed with its importance by a wise parent. So too, the suggestion in Section 42, verse 40 in regard to the making and wearing of our apparel be pondered over by us as mothers and taught to our daughters with profit. Thus I might go on, but space will not permit. Let me say in closing that we who now have equal rights with our husbands should not be afraid to stand along side by side with them in the study of this important work. Let us read it with a prayerful heart and God will increase our interest in it and our power to understand and live up to the giorious principles contained therein. - con-scientio- RELIEF SOCIETY NOTICE. The Stake Secretaries of theRelief Society in the several stakes of Zion, also in missions and in branches of the Society not included iu f takes or missions, are hereby nctified to prepare complete annual reports, statistical and financial, dating from January 1, 1904, to December 31, 1904, and forward the same to the General Secretary, Tem-pleto- n Building, Salt Lake City, Utah, not later than the middle of February, 1905. Wherever the Relief Society owns buildings, halls or granaries, it is desirable thai information should be made a separate item, and how many iu the stake, aud in what wards located; also any other important facts that would be of interest to the general officers. Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the back we have opened more than 37,600 savings acctunts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from ovi dollar to five thousand, and compute said THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, fc While many of the revelations seem to be given expressly for the edification or chastisement of individuals, they nearly all contain advice equally applicable to. us in our day if we but read with the spirit. For those who hunger for light on. the glorious principles of the Gospel and desire an increase of faith in God, no better treatise is given than in this holy book. Truly in these days we need to understand the signs of the second coming of our Lord and the preparation necessary for us to meet aud dwell with Him, all of which is more fully given here than anywhere, and so simple as to be easily explained to our chil dren, who really hunger after these things. What child among us would not prefer to give an intelligent reason (having learned it from mother) why they are baptized into the Church, and on the exact age of eight years that our Father revealed it to the Prophet Joseph Smith in Hyrum, Ohio, in 183 1 , one year after the Church was organized (Read sec. 6S). And to parents he says at that time if they do not do their duty iu this regard the sin will rest upon their heads, j Since our reverence for holy things increases as our interest is awakened in them, so, too, will the child as it older grows have increased reverence for the sacrament if taught by mother of its institution by Chris-anagain revealed to Joseph Smitu iu our day. and the reason given why we use water now instead cf wine, as in the Savior's time. In the Millennial Star, Vol. XIV, Page 37 Joseph tells us that while on his way once to piocure some wine that himself and seme others might partake of the sacrament, he was met by a heavenly messenger wlio told him not to use wine unless it was made by or among themselves. (Section 27, first four verses only were given at that time ) He accordingly went back and they made their own wine, partook of the sacrament, after which the evening was spent in a most glorious manner praising God. I mention these as illustrative of much that is interesting matter for our children. Section 121 given while the Prophet was in Liberty jail is full of instructions to parents. For instance verse 45 says, "reproving betimes with sharpness when moved upon by the Holy Ghost, and then showing forth afterwards an increase of love towards him whom thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy." What a beautiful principle for our guidance, yet how often it is violated in the home and among us as Church members. We all ned reproof children in the cause of Christ, but many a chiidhasdiifted from the home, from mother's loving care, and many have gone from the Church because parents and those with authority to chastise, did not observe the latter pait of the advice contained in this verse. In reading a sketch of the life of the "boy Apostle" Hyrum M. Smith (in Cowley's Prophets and Patriarchs) we find: "He was safely tucked away in bed long after he reached the age of hundreds of the boys and girls too that we now .see playing in 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much af possible for vour money. We aim to give you a -- TRY US interest Semi-annuall- y. WRJTE for any information desired. Joseph No 1 George Main Street. F. M. Smith, Prest. Cannon, Cashier. 