WOMAN'S 4 Woman's Exponent EMMEL1NE B. WELLS. Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. Published monthly, in Salt Late Cty, Utah Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 2i cts. Advertising rates: Eich square, ten lines of nor.panel disspace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p.m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt LakeC Ci i'Y, Utah EXPONENT GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. Since the Exponent came into existence there has been one or two woWEBER STAKE. man's papers started in Denver, but they to are we brief sorry period, only lived a Minutes of the Quarterly Conference say. The Woman's Tribune, founded in of the Relief Society of the Weber Stake Washington, D, C, has struggled along of Zion, held at the Relief Society Hall quite a number of years, and now Mrs. Ogden, the 6th day of June, 1905. Colby, the editor and proprietor, has Conference convened at ten o'clock a. moved it to Portland, Oregon. President Jane S. Richards presiding. m., The Woman's Exponent was the first Singing: "Let Us Pray, Gladly Pray." paper of its kind in the Rocky Mountain Prayer by Bishop Robert McQuarrie. region, a fact of which our people should Singing: "We Thank Thee, O God, for be justly proud, and the sisters should a Prophet." Minutes of the March Conmake an effort to maintain it in a way ference were read and approved. Presiappropriate to the great body of women addressed the Con- it represents. as In the beginning of this new volume hriured at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, tah, should be an increased interest in there matter. '. making it more than ever before, the reSalt Lake City. Utah, June, 1905 pository of precious gems of history and events in the lives and deeds of the women who have made, and are making AN IMPORTANT EVENT. history every day. To do this it is essenThis number of the paper commences tial, as in every other enterprise, to have volume of the Woman's means, and to be prompt in payments is the thirty-fourt- h years June always the best method of making any Exponent; just thirty-thre- e messenthis of since little this first business a success. year of literworld the into made its advent 'One sister, whose letter came today, ger d offering to the calls the Exponent a "precious gem;" ature, a womehi of the Rocky Mountain region, she says, "I can hardly keep house withand a surprise to many here, yet a most out it." If many others felt as she does, welcome token of woman's enlighten- there would be a great change in its acment and uplifting. tual appearance and value. Let us hope In February, 1870, the women of Utah for this material benefit through a larg-e- r had the privilege of equal suffrage given subscription list and a greater interto them, and it seemed necessary that est in its increase of numbers through the efforts of the Relief Society ofthey should have an organ of communication from one to another to express the ficers, as well as the agents, and to fulness of joy that comes with great those who have talent to write we wish privileges and opportunities. There are to sav, cultivate that gift, that you may still, however, many among the people use it for the good of hundreds who of the outside world who think Mormon may read your articles, and also that you women have no method by which they may help produce a class of reading that Saints may with safety express their true feelings, and are igno- the Latter-darant on all the great questions of the day and profit put into the hands of the pubupon which other women are so well in- lic, that will represent them truthfully. formed. It would be amusing, if it were We as a people, and as women, ought to not such a serious matter, to hear how write better than other people, and not women of the world speak of Mormon to be satisfied to do inferior work. To be women, who, if they were not so blinded sure, we now and then have something by prejudice, they could scarcely help very creditable, but we are not doing the knowing, that every avenue is open to sort of literary work, that is, our the women of the Mormon Church to young women are not quite up to the advance along every and all lines of high standard in this respect that has and research, and of active occupa- really been expected of them. tions quite as much so as in the world In the past we have talked a great outside our people travel hither and deal about the material that the lives thither, and are in constant communica- and experiences of the Saints would aftion by means of railroad traffic, steam, ford to writers, and now it seems these etc., telegraph and telephone, with abundant facts and ideals should be emcities and countries, near and afar off. bodied in poems, essays and stories, that There are probably as many books sold would reflect lustre upon such incidents in Utah and adjacent states and territoas we know could be made memorable ries among Mormon people as those of in history. Bishop Whitney has in his other churches, and even as of other Epic, "Elias," given something so substates where fewer Mormons dwell. The limely grand to Mormon literature that Mormon women are decidedly progresit will go down the ages as a masterpiece, sive, actively so in the strict sense of the and surely there are others who have word. When the Woman's Exponent high ideals of poetry and song, and was first issued there were only two wothough they may not equal his excellence men's papers in the West and very few in either in verse or history, that is no reathe East, the Woman's Journal of Bos- son they should not make the effort to ton, founded by Lucy Stone, is now in its write, and do good, even excellent work. thirty-sixtyear. It is the only, one of in East that has survived so kind the its of few that have been started the Miss Mary L. Galpin has been selected long, has since, and it gone through some very by the Los Angeles (Cal.) Chamber of hard struggles. The NewNorth-West- , Commerce to represent it at the Lewis published in Portland, Oregon, was started in and Clark Exposition at Portland. She 1869. but has been discontinued for some will have charge of the exhibit, and will years. The Golden Dawn, in San Frangive talks on Los Angeles and explain the cisco, begun about the same time as our country and climate and the advantages little paper, only lived a few years. it offers to visitors and settlers. I nv,1-chls- s newly-fledge- y s'-ud- ; h dent Jane S. Richards ference, and made a few opening remarks, and wished that we had more room, as Sister the attendance was so large. reason Richards explained that the why the Conference was held at this time instead of on Thursday, June 8th (the usual time) was because President Joseph F. Smith had been invited to attend the Conference and could not be present at any other time than today. A letter from President Smith, accepting the invitation to attend this Conference, was read. Brother P. G. Taylor addressed the Conference; felt thankful to meet with the sisters of the Relief Society of the Weber Stake of Zion; felt it an honor to meet with the Latter-daSaints; had Relief the with been associated Society of the Weber Stake for many years, and loved all, and his heart went out to all; spoke of his long acquaintance with and friendship for Sister Richards, and of the many years spent by her in the Relief Society cause; said it was the duty of the members of the Relief Society to support her in 'her position; mentioned his early membership in the Church, and his acquaintance with the Prophet Josephand closed his remarks by bearing a faithful testimony to the truth of the Gospel, and asked the blessings of the Lord upon all. Sister Richards was pleased to see so many present; spoke about the Nickel Fund, and wished this to be kept up. as y the Relief Society is in need of funds with which to purchase chairs; referred to the incidents mentioned by Brother P. G. Taylor, bore testimony to the truth of his remarks, and said she would like to have the brethren attend the ward meetings of the Relief Society as well as the Conferences. Counselor Harriet C. Brown was pleased to see so many brethren present; was thankful to be able to be present herself and to see Sister Richards with us, and said Counselor Shurtliff would not be able to be present and closed her remarks by thanking the Lord for His many blessings to her. to-da- y, Sister Richards introduced Brother John W. Rigdon, a son of Sidney Rigdon, who addressed the Conference; he said he was a late member of the Church, having joined only last October, but had had a knowledge of this Church since the beginning; he related his early life with the Church, and also related a conversation with his father as to the divine authenticity of the Book of Mormon, and his father's testimony in regard to the same, stating that his father's enemies had made the charge that the Book of Mormon had been written by him; and his father declared to him that he had never seen the book until it was delivered to him by Parley P. Pratt and two others. 