EXPONENT WOMAN'S 38 chapter of Ezekiel, and said the Lord had declared by that prophet that the people shonld each one stand for themselves and depend on no man or men; in the state of corruption in the Jewish Church, the righteous persons could only deliver their own souls. Applied it to the present condition of the Church of LatterIf the people depart Saints. -day from the Lord, they must fall, they were depending on the Prophet, hence there was darkness in their minds. He had two things to recommend to the Be guarded in your speech, no Society. organized body can exist without giving heed to this caution. All organized bodies have their peculiar evils, weaknesses and difficulties, the object is to make those not so good equal with the good, and ever hold the keys of power which will influence to virtue and goodness. When you chasten and reprove, never mention it again, then you will be established in power, virtue and holiness and the wrath of God will be turned away. God designs to save the people out of their sins. Jesus said, "Ye shall do the works which ye fee me do," these are the for the Society to act grand key-wor- ds upon. The tenth meeting was addressed by Bishop N. K. Whitney, President Joseph Smith being present. Eleventh meeting, June 9th, President J. Smith, "It grieves me that there is no fuller fellowship, if one member suffers all feel it, by union of feeling we obtain power with God, Christ said He came to call sinners to repentance and to sare them, Christ was condemned by the righteous Jews because He took sinners into His society, He took them upon the principle that they repent. Nothing is so much calculated to lead people to forsake sin, as to take them by the hand and The watch over them with tenderness. nearer we get to our Heavenly Father, the more we are disposed to look with compassion on perishing souls. I say to this Society, if you would have God have mercy on you, have mercy on each other. How mild the Savior dealt with Peter, saying, "When thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren," at another time He said to him, "Lovest thou me? Feed The Society is not only to my sheep." relieve the poor, but to save souls. Sixteenth meeting, held in the Grove, After relating rceent August 31st, 1842. difficulties he had encountered while being hunted by his enemies, he said the Relief Society has taken an active part in my welfare, in petitioning the Governor in my behalf. These means were necessary, and your influence helped to bring about my redemption from the hands of my enemies. I have come here to bless you- The Society has done well, their principles are to practice holiness. God loves you and your prayers shall avail much, do not cease to let them ascend to God in my behalf. The enemy will never get weary. I expect he will array everything against me, expect a tremendous warfare. He that will war the Christian warfare will have all the powers of darkness continually arrayed against - him. A few things had been manifested to him during his absence, respecting baptism for the dead, which he would communicate next Sabbath if nothing should occur to prevent it. He then offered a fervent prayer to God in behalf, of the After the transaction of some Society. business in the adjustment of which Pres. Smith offered counsel, said he had one more remark to make respecting baptism for the dead, which must suffice for the present until he had the opportunity to present the subject at a greater length. All persons baptized for the dead must have a recorder present, that he may be to testify of it. It will be an in Great Council that these the necessary of. It should be atbe testified things tended to from this time. If there is any lack, it may be at the expense of our friends. This was the last R. S. meeting that President Joseph Smith attended. eye-witne- ss GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. Conference of The General the Relief Society was held in the Salt Lake Assembly hall, Thursday, October 5, commencing at 10 a. m., President Bathsheba W. Smith presiding. Opening hymn, "Glory to God on high," prayer by Dr. Ellis R. Shipp. Sister White took charge of the singing, which was furnished by the Granite Stake sisters. Roll call, showing a large attendance of representatives from the several Stakes. President Bathsheba W. Smith made an address in which she commended the sisters for their good works and felt to congratulate all on the splendid attendance, as it was larger in numbers than at any previons conference, felt proud of the labors of the faithful sisters, and urged them to take care of the youth of Zion as well as to assist the needy and nurse the sick. She realized the magnitude of the work and its importance, and exhorted one and all to maintain their integrity to the Gospel and bear testimony of the truth. Reports from presidents were called for and President Mary John of Utah Stake, gave a summary of the financial condition of the Society in that Stake, and referred to her recent serious illness and her gratitude for her iestoration to health which enabled her to be present with us today; spoke of the false teachers and preachers rising up to lead the weak and doubting ones astray. Sister Leah Blackburn reported Wayne Stake in excellent condition. The sisters from Granite Stake rendered the hymn composed by Sister Emily H. Woodmansee, for the Relief Society Jubilee, "Daughters of Zion, the friends of the poor," Sister Green leading, Sister Emilie Maeser accompanist. Relief Society Los Angelos branch was reported by President Eliza Woollocott, she stated they were differently situated there from the sisters in Zion and consequently their labors differed from ours, they assisted the Elders and mission in various ways, and were doing everything possible to promote Gospel work; had some hindrances, yet were prospered in many respects. President Jane S. Richards, Weber Stake, spoke upon "Visiting and Healing the Sick." She referred first to the Savior's baptism, then related some of her experiences in the Church and the incident concerning her baptism, and the opposition that was raging at that time; she had been given up by the physician, etc-- , she was as one raised from the semi-annu- al dead after the baptism; told many interesting circumstances in her journeyings in the Church when the power of God was made manifest, and appealed to those present to train their children in the true Gospel, of which she bore a strong and earnest testimony; believed that faithful mothers' prayers would be answered in regard to their children, when they do all in their power to teach them right; encouraged all present to take part in the work of the Relief Society; it would be of ihe greatest benefit and would make their daily duties lighter. Solo, Beatrice Thomas of Granite Stake, "Not, Not There, my Child." Singing, "Oh, 'Jesus, the Giver." Benediction President Margaret A.. Romney. Afternoon session, 2 o'clock, President B. W. Smith presiding. Singing, Sister C. Hull leading, "Glorious Margaret of are thee spoken." prayer Sister things M. Julia P, Farnsworth, singing, "For the strength of the hills we bless Thee," accompanist, Sister Lizzie Thomas. President B. W. Smith greeted all with a happy greeting, she was especially pleased to see so many Relief Society workers assembled, wanted them all to be strong in the faith of the Gospel and teach its principles to their children, generally I think they do know it is right, remember we have it direct from the holy angels through the Prophet Joseph Smith, with the power and authority, and we have the privilege to bless the sick and to comfort those who are cast down, and it is a great thing to have this testimony ourselves, and that we keep the commandments of God; let our religion be first and foremost, and manifest that we belong to the Church and kingdom of God, I take more pleasure in hearing others speak instead of speaking myself and I believe in short speeches and short prayers, I pray you may be comforted and blessed, and continue faithful in our most holy faith, and I bless, you all. Amen. President Williamina Erickson, North Sanpete Stake, gave quite a definite account of the conditions existing among the peoplein that locality, there had been much sickness and some deaths, spoke of the financial status of the Relief Society; they have two good halls and one in course of erection, some wards own lots, and expect to build in the near future; felt the mothers' work an advantage and hoped through that to reach the fathers as well as the young mothers. President Annie R. Duke, Wasatch Stake, made a fine report of work done; she referred to leaving Nauvoo in 1846 at the time of the exodus, crossed the plains in I852, her father's family had endured much hardship in the experiences of those davs. President Lilyus C. Page, of Nebo Stake, reported the Stake in a flourishing condition in a temporal way, building halls, saving grain, making quilts and homemade carpets; had visited the whole Stake regularly; and the Tintic district recently added to Nebo from Juab had been visited once; the poor and sick were well cared for and the union meetings were held regularly on the same day as the Priesthood meetings Duet, two young girls from Ensign Stake, fine singers, Misses Poulton. Sister Hattie Blair, recently returned, reported the branch in New York City, 