Woman Exponent 9 The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH, Vol. 33 R. C. Atwood Call for the Fifth Triennial Session A Birthday Celebration Maria 65 66 Francis 67 Cedar City Items J. P. Mackelprang 70 Relief Society Reports Panguitch Stake Uintah Stake Alpine Stake 70 Mother's Work: Nebo Stake 67 Woodruff Stake Bear Lake Stake 71 Stake South 72 Sanpete Stake Ensign 68 Editorial: March Seventeen 68 General Conference Relief Society 68 Important Period of Time 68 Testimonial to Sister C. S. Williams Aunt Em's Birthday Party Editorial Notes Poetry: Woman Remembrance A Missionary Letter 69 - 6g Grace Ingles Frost E R. Shipp Ruth May Fox WOMAN. BY GRACE INGLES FROST. Great is thy mission, O woman , Value it well, and thy name; Be all that God has ordained thee, And never thy calling defame! From the side of man thou wert taken, Not from his feet or his head; Walk with him shoulder to shoulder, Be thou not driven but lead. Unto the man thy God gave thee, To be a helpmeet, a wife; A mother of souls by him chosen, To taste of this mortal life. Is then thy mission less worthy, Than that of thy brother Man? What is greater than motherhood, In all the eternal plan? Great is thy mission, O woman, Thou it is rulest the world; For thee man will mount to the heavens, -- Or down to perdition be hurled! True, he is physically stronger, And ofttimes accounted more brave; But strong as he is thy hand holds him, From the cradle unto the grave. REMEMBRANCE. TO B. law in the name of the Lord, if he went back before one year passed by he would mourn RELIEF CRAM ATWOOD. and lament. He went and when about half back he was taken sick, too sick to Biographical sketch of the life of Relief way on his journey and one year elapproceed Cram Atwood daughter of Josiah Cram and sed before he was able to reach home, and Deidamia Dutton Cram, born Jan. 17, r820, I everytime heard from him he was lamentStoJard, New Hampshire. that he ever left Nauvoo to go home; he My parents were honest praying people ing died in about two years. No principle of belonging to the Baptist Church and lived the has ever tried me in the least. according to the best light they had received. For Gospel I knew that I had the spirit when They had twelve children (I was the tenth) I first heard the truth and right heard lookall I six sons and six daughters and they taug it that thankful am ed Godlike. and I pure' them to love aiid fear the Lord, and keep of voice raised I never my against any the Hic commandments. From my earliest reprinciples taught by the Prophet Joseph membrance I had the fear of the Lord beSmith. fore me, the Bible was my favorite reader. After my sister went back East I made When young I joined the Presbyterian home with her husband's brother and church, but soon became dissatisfied with my that remained; in the following winfamily my baptism and was baptized by immersion. ter I received my endowments in the NauSoon after the Second Advent people ca ne voo Temple. I i the spring I sold wit preaching th second coming of Chr st was could spare and bought three cows; Saints came things I near, and when the Latter-da- y one of them I sold and bought what seemI was fully prepared t.i receive it. I shall ed most needful for the One journey. never foget the sensation I felt the first cow I had yoked in a team, and the other sermon I beard, it thrilled through me like for milk, and with the family proceeded on electricity. My mind was enlightened and my journey into the wilderness. I received the word joyfully. I was bapIn the summer of 1846, we reached Wintized on the 10th of January, 1843. ter Quarters on the Missouri river and reAt my confirmation I received a testimained there until the return of the Piomony thit Joseph Smith was a Prophet of neers from Salt Lake valley. In Winter God. I rejoiced greatly that a communicaI became acquainted with the famtion was again opened between heaven and Quarters of ilies Brigham and Joseph Young, I earth. Kvery princip e that wrs revealed I found employment in the family of Joseph believed. I saw everything so plain and was as seamstress. While there I was so thoroughly convinced of its truth, that Young very sick with pleurisy and winter I prayed the Lord to take me away sh mid taken fever. President Young's family were near anything be revealed to' hard for me to unby and hearing I was sick he sent for me derstand, rather than reject truth. and I was taken in an arm chair to h:s When the Word of Wis iom came, I was house, and tenderly cared for until I recovalready in the practice of it; hrd kept it for ered and was able to resume my work. Durmany years, and have ever since. When I ing the winter I made tr e. acquaintance of found the Church was organized after the Millen Atwood, who was in the employ of a .cient pattern it reminded me of a dream President Young. He was called upon to I had when a very little child. It made a Pioneers to the valley and the with go lastiug impression on my mind. I dreamed after his return we were married by Presithe Lord came to me and took me in His dent Brigham Young for time and all eterarms pnd showed me a building, He wa--- . in fulfillment of a dream that I had about to establish. It came to my mind nity,. some time previously. with great force, as the Church of Christ is In the spring of 1848 we set out in the compared to a building. of Brigham Young and family. I was born in Jan. 1820, and Joseph company of four months we arrived After a Smith had his first vision early the next in the journey valley of Great Salt Lake being the spring. My father and mother and brother 19th day of Sey-t- . 1848. We found it a wild and four sisters soon followed me into the u.vA desolate region with scarcely a tree or waters of bptism. shrub sage brush. My husband went In the fall of 1845 I left my home, friends to workexcept and with his own hands made the and native land and came to Nauvoo with adobies and being a mason by trade laid up my eldest sister and family with four other two small rooms. By some means he got families from the Peterboro Branch in New lumber to cover the rcof and plastered for Hampshire; when we reached there the a neighbor by candlelight and got six brokSaints were all in confusion getti.ig ready en lights of glass for a window. Our floor to leave for the wilderness, and the people fastened down with wooden pegs inwas were passing througa great trials and many ot nails. We moved in on the 25th of the Saints apostatized and our enemies stead Dec. By this time the snow had fallen of were threatening to drive us out, and my of a foot or more and the sister and family with three others who to the depth came down into the valley wolves hungry came with me from the same Branch turnfor food. One night they came and took a ed and went back from whence they came. chicken from the back of the wagon where My sister and family tried to persuade me were s tting. We slept in our wagon to go back with them but could not prevail they and staid in the house of a friend nignts upon me to go. To think of going forward days, who had been more fortunate in getinto the wilderness looked dark but to go his house finished sooner, until we back looked darker, The spirit of prophecy ting could finish our own. Our flour was nearly came upon me, and I told my brother-i- n all gone; my husband worked and got a BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. CONTENTS. Biographical Sketch No. 9. 1905. B. W. No, the day was not forgotten. Nor my dear and honored friend Though no word nor loving token Not a flower did I send, 'Twas remembered in the turmoil Of a very busy day, Though my only tribute, prayer, Wafted heavenward away. Ah! the flowers that bind our loving Do not perish in a r"ay, They have come by God's bestowing And as such know not decay. Our affection budding early Hath beroroe a glorious vine, Nurtured by life's joys and trials, Bearing blossoms most divine. Faithful friendship is immortal! Unlike earthly flowers here; It hath bloomed at heaven's portal Ere it came mankind to cheer. Please accept, though late the giving This small tribute to thy worth, It is fraught with tender blessing All that's good of heaven and earth. E. R, Shipp, 65 65 67 . . 