Woman's Exponent The Ballot in the Hands of tlie Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL, Vol. 33 CONTENTS. Woman's Voice Elias The Dome Berlin Mother's Work: Sevier Stake Wasatch Stake A Biographical Sketch of Sister Ellen 73 73 73 74 75 77 Sem- - moins Harrison In Memoriam Phoebe Campbell Atkinson Kirsten Forgerson Anderson Annual Day, Archer, Idaho Extracts President Roosevelt The Venice Assembly Editorial: General Conference A Happy Birthday Party A Pleasant Birthday Editorial Notes Relief Society Reports A.W C. Poetry: An Easter Song I Am Human C. P. G, 78 78 78 7g 80 76 77 77 73 75 AN EASTER SONG. In Easter time the breezes blow, In Easter time the lilies grow, The sun gives forth a warmer glow, In Easter time. In Easter time the robins sing. In Eastr ti"ne the swallows bring Into their nests a wee warm thing In Easter time. In Easter time young hearts beat true, In Easter time fair lover's woo, Awakening thoughts so old, yet new In Easter time. In Easter time the world is bright, In Easter time earth breathes delight, For past and gone is winter's blight, In Easter time. A. W, C. WOMAN'S VOICE. For The Exponent. Dear Editor: I desire to say a few words through the columns of your paper to my faithful brethren and sisters throughout the land. Our enemies have asserted that there is over a million dollars in tithing paid this O how it makes my heart lejoice to year. know that there is this amount pi. ced in the hands of the Piophet of God for the good of the Church. Our good hymn says, "We Thank Thee, O God for a Prophet." Now I know that Joseph Smith was a Prophet of God, and I also know that the mantle has rested on everyone of his successors, and my confidence is such in the present one. that not one dollar of that goodly amount will ever be used unrighteously. In the next place my soul is lifted up in thankfulness to our Heavenly Father that there are so many faithful ones on the earth at the present time, that believe and obey the law of tithing. And then what satisfaction it gives me to think of the prosperity that this means to Zion; for has not the Lord said, "Try me and see if I will not open the windows of Heaven and pour out blessings upon you." Then rejoice ye faithful ones in the prosperity of Zion in every way, for who can stay the work of the Lord? My prayer is that the erring may repent, and that the faithful may endure to the end. Teach the children to pay their tithing. Your sister in the covenant of peace, . Mary A. Winters. f. THE DOME BERLIN. AN EPIC OF THE AGES. Such is the title of Bishop Orson F. Whitney's latest and most wonderful poem. When,about two years ago, a few friends fifty, perhaps, in n amber wTere invited to the home of Col. N. W. Clayton to listen to the reading of a new poem by Bishop Whitney, they little dreamed of the great and unusual pleasure awaiting them, this pleasure turned to wonder and deeper admiration as they began to realize the meaning of this invitation, that Bishop Whitney would himself unfold to them a work, the fruit of many months' labor, embodying his deepest thought and inspiration, displaying in its fullest Lis poetic genius and spiritual nature. This first reading lasted several evenings, sometimes interspersed with music appropriate to the theme dwelt upon, and as the friends listened, their wonder and admiration grew. It was the story of the world in its different ages and phases as the Latter-da- y Saints know it, tcld in rhythmic verse. The rich deep voice and impressive manner of the author as he read to his friends verse after verse of his poem, unfolding to them the thoughts of his mind, was like the leaves of a flower unfolding to the sun, disclosing the heart therein. The readings became one of the social events of that winter, and so much interest in the work was awakened, that later in the winter Bishop Whitney's friends, by the couitesy of President Joseph F. Smith, arranged for a stcond series of readings to take place in the beautiful parlors of the Bee Hive House. The audience this time was much larger and included many of the most prominent men and women of the church and state. The readings were quite dramatic in character, while the music was most appropriate and beautiful. Following these readings was a desire by the author's friends to possess a copy of the poem themselves, and steps were immediately taken to have it presented to the public in fitting form, the result being that a most beautiful edition de luxe, consisting of a limited nnmber of copies, was issued for subscribers, while a very handsome but cheaper edition is now ready for the public A review of the work in detail is scarcely necessary.' It is a religious epic in twelve cantos, and is the only work of the kind iver published by a Utah writer. The poem throughout is graceful in style, prophetic in theme, and in the thought, sublime. It realizes the dream of the anthor, lo; "assuredly that tarp is now thine own." Now that the poem in beautiful illustrated volumes is launched on the public sea, may it have a successful voyage and bring the author rich returns for his work. . Annie Wells Cannon. Susan Coolidge, author and poet has cently died in Newport, R. I., aged 70. No. 10. 1905. ELIAS: Mary A. Winters Annie Wells Cannon L. D. Alder Big Horn Stake 1 re- On Feb. 27, 1905, in Berlin, the grand building known as the "Dome," was dedicated, in the presence of the Kaiser, Kaizer-ine- , members of the royal household, a representative from each country, a minister from each Christian denomination except one, and some invited guests. Immediately on the entrance of the Kaizer into the building, all the church bells of Berlin, Charlottenburg and other suburbs rang their clanging sound, filling the air for some minutes. About an hour afterwards, when the dedication was over, the ringing was resumed, this time louder as with rejoicing. Two social functions, given by the Emperor, in the White Hall of the Imperial Palace, followed. The first on the evening of the same day,' was a dinner in honor of the representatives and clergy. The other was a military ball. On Wednesday, March 1, the Dome was thrown open to the general public for four days, from 11 a. m. until 2 p. m., after which it was first decided it would be closed indefinitely, it being said it would require five years in which to finish it. Since then it has been decided it shall remain open. The base of the outside walls is of granite; this is surmounted by a dark gray, smooth stone, it is said a manufactured article. The edifice presents a fine appearance, being richly ornamented on turrets and dome, by crosses of gold and other golden and stone decorations. The papers critidze the building rather severely, bay its design is from all styles of architecture, consequently has none, and is of a dead color. Be. that as it may, there it stands in the Schloss Platz (castle place), on the banks of the Spree, an imposing monument to the Hohenzolleran dynasty. The interior is divided into three churches or chapels. The first one entered is to be used for marriage, the clasped hands on the ceiling designates this cerem ny. The upper walls and ceiling are beautifully painted, the colors suitable no doubt to the purpose The for which th; room was designed. altar unadorned, seems colorless, the gray brown of the outer walls looking dingy on the inside, but the final embellishments will no doubt harmonize and express the design of the artist. The center part is the main church and will seat in the neighborhood of four hunThe altar is unfinished, but dred people. the three windows of stained glass above it, situated in the circle of the dome, are exquisitely colored. The center one is that of the crucifixion, but the beautiful tints mercifully rob it of the agony usually depicted on the face of the Redeemer. The window on either side shows a delicate blending of the richest colors, especially the purple of the robe worn by Christ; the gallery, facing the altar, is for the use of the Kaizer and family, and is on a line with the windows before described. Some royal insignia denotes who are its occupants. Immediately over the door leading into the crypt room is the organ, also on a line with the gallery and windows and rising . 