WOMAN'S EXPONENT. panied on that journey by Sidney Rigdon and Thomas B. Marsh, and she was so overjoyed at that time that she said to herself, "O Lord, I thank thee for granting the desire of my girlish heart in permitting me to associate with prophets and This religious expression apostles." shows her devotional nature even in her young life. The Prophet was also a guest in Brother and Sister Home's home in Quincy, Illinois in 1839, where they had remained temporarily after being driven from their home in Missouri, whither they went from Canada in March, 1838; subsequently they settled in Nauvoo. where they became quite prosperous; but like Saints they were many other Latter-da- y not privileged to remain there long; they left in the dead of winter in February, 1846, with a family of small children, enduring all sorts of hardships upon that long and tedious journey to the Missouri river, where the Saints camped for the winter, and where in consequence of hardships, privation and actual want, many suffered and died. Brother Home's family were sorely afflicted, but the Lord in His tender mercy spared their lives, and they were able to come in the first company of Saints that left Winters Quarters after the pioneers, traveling with Apostle John Taylor's company and arriving in the valley among the foremost of that famous company of pioneers, who built the "Old Fort," and plowed and planted, etc,, and who subsequently fought the crickets, and whose names have been recorded as heroes and heroines to endure for all time. The subject of this sketch was born in Rainham, Kent, England, Nov. 20, 1818, her parents were Stephen and Mary Ann Hales, in her childhood her father and mother came to Canada and settled in the town of York, now Toronto; so it will be seen she commenced traveling when only thirteen; it was there in Canada she met Joseph Home, to whom she was married May 9, 1836; this union proved a lasting one, and together they have encountered the storms and battles On May 9, of a long and eventful life. 1886, they celebrated their golden wedding, and ten years after. May 9, 1896, they also celebrated the sixtieth anniversary of their marriage. Sister Home has been the mother of fifteen children, and what is rather remarkable three pairs of twins were among the number. Seven of her children are living, eight having passed to the other side, three of them were married at the time of their decease, of the others, her first children, were twins, one died a babe, the other lived to be three years old. Elizabeth, the wife of Edward Webb the eldest daughter, left four children. Julia, wife of Wm. Burton, another daughter died after giving birth to a little girl that lived eleven months; and her youngest son John, who married Sophronia Spencer, lelt a family of little ones, three in number. Sister Home had at the time of her decease dren, 70 great-grandchildr- en 102 grandchil- and 2 Her good name will en. be perpetuated to the latest generation, for her noble works, her kindly deeds, her brilliant example of heroism and uprightness, and devotion to the truth as revealed in this last dispensation. As a mother and homemaker Sister Home has always stood in the front rank, 21 her example in this regard has been dent to the settlement of these valleys, quoted throughout the Church, and it was and felt intensely the need of a place n undoubtedly her ability in the where liberty and freedom of conscience management of her own household, that could be exercised under just and equitcaused President Brigham Young to call able laws; and she was always ready to her to stand at the head of the Retrench- stand firm and steadfast to maintain the ment Associations when they were first sacred principles vouchsafed in the Conorganized in 1869. She had previously stitution of our glorious country; and manifested also good executive ability in she rejoiced when Utah became a free taking" charge of the Relief Society in the and sovereign state, electing its governor 14th ward, where she resided, and of from among its own citizens, and in which she was President until called to having equal suffrage restored to the wopreside over the Relief Society of Salt men of Utah in the state constitution. Lake Stake. She possessed not only Sister Home was for many years of the Deseret Silk Association practical ability and excellent judgment, but was also eminently spiritual, which for Utah, and one of the charter memrare combination of gifts fitted her for a bers of the Deseret Hospital for more leader among her sex. She manifested than twelve years, from the beginning to great wisdom in dealing with affairs that the close of the institution was chairman required unusual ability. Her integrity of the executive committee; her labors in to the truth was unquestioned, she was that institution were laborious, and reone to lean upon at all times and in all quired considerable precious time, but places, her great strength of mind and her economy and wisdom were a great force of character gave her influence help in the Hospital. Sister Home was chosen to preside wherever she was called to act, and added prestige to whatever position she over the Relief Society of the Salt Lake occupied, whether in the home or in any stake December 22, 1877, and held that position until the stake was divided in public place or enterprise. The positions she filled were many and 1904. At the organization of the General varied, for whatever work was undertaken Relief Society she was chosen treasurer, by the women of Zion, Sister Home was and when the society was incorporated in It can 1892, was one of the charter members. She always prominent and efficient. truthfully be said of her, she was one of served as treasurer of the society twenty-on- e the founders of the commonwealth one of years. I think we can say, no woman in the the first to secure a permanent home, that was always open to hospitality, a Church was more highly esteemed and gathering place for the young people and reverenced for good works and leadership for the brethren and sisters, friends, than Sister Home, whose loss the sisters neighbors and acquaintances of Brother feel most keenly. She presided over the and Sister Home; and they were numermeetings in the Fourteenth ous and included the best men and wom- ward and Assembly Hall something like Brother Home was a 35 years. The dear old sisters almost en in Zion. Saint and a stalwart worshiped her; they had grown so fond staunch Latter-da- y can It men. truly be said of them, of her, and she seemed a mother to them among "Her husband was known in the gates all. Her wise counsel and her majestic when he sat among the Elders of the bearing made an indelible impression upon people, and she put her true woman's Lord." soul into all she said and her sayings of and genuine festivity Many seasons will live after her and be repeated to the will those now be recalled by pleasure Saints of in the enjoyment who participated throughout all time. Mrs. Home passed Mary these social entertainments, at the Home life on Friday, from this home in the 14th ward, Salt Lake City. peacefully away at of 7 the Sister Home's great knowledge p.m., August 25, 1905, at the resiof hei daughter, Mrs. Minnie H. dence Bible and the Book of Mormon, as well as other standard Church works, and her James, surrounded by a large number of own experiences in life, from the early her own family and intimate friends. Sister Home had been confined to her days of the Church, mingling with the bed eleven weeks previous to her demise, best of noble men and women, made her exceedingly entertaining and instructive and had at times suffered very great pain, in conversation, and caused her to be but at intervals was comparatively easy sought after by old and young, who were and comfortable, and glad to see the sisdesirous of true knowledge and reliable ters who called; she had been ailing two years, and her passing away was indeed information. Sister Home was a member of the a happy release for her; but to those who first Relief Society organized in Nauvoo who loved her so tenderly there is the by the Prophet Joseph Smith (although great sorrow of being bereft of her comshe was not present at the first meeting) panionship, her wise counsel and the but became a member soon after. As faith that was like an anchor to all who soon as the sisters could do so after had been accustomed to lean upon her. coming to the valley, Relief Society or- Many are the friends who will cherish ganizations were effected, and from that her memory, who will miss her day by period up to the time of her last illness, day, and long to see her beautiful face in Sister Home has labored incessantly in the places they had so often met in sweet the Relief Society, not only as an officer communion. but a diligent, faithful worker. Sister "Day after day we think what she is doing In that brigU world of air; member Home was for several years a Year after year, her tender steps pursuing. of the "People's Party," and was ever Behold her grown more fair." woof and always an ardent advocate As Sister Home lay in her white casman's rights and of equal suffrage for men and women. She was truly patriotic in ket in her beautiful robes, she looked fair all that pertained to her country, and 1 and angelic, and the expression was one of complete repose, as though she would in building up the territory; she had endured the privations and hardships inci say if she could speak, "I shall be satis- well-know- vice-preside- semi-month- ly nt 