WOMAN'S EXPONENT. into a log house formerly occupied by David ' Grant, we soon after built a five roomed house joining father Hyde's lot, we did uot remain there long before he sold out to Jesse Haven, and we moved to Lebi; this was in the spring, before the move south, RESELL TO we Historic thou wilt ever be. By many loved far o'er the sea Oft missionaries came and went With Gospel tidings they were sent. To all the world a change must come, T he race ot life some day be done, And then home of the past art thou; No L. D. S, reside there now. remained there three years, during which time my eldest daughter Jane E. was married, to E'dtr Simpson Molen; in the spring of i860, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Molen, and Mr. Griffeth moved north into Cache Co. and located 011 a spot that was called Hyde Park then a barren place, save sage brush, they camped near a spnng, lived in wagons and dugouts until they (ould build houses and from this little beginning ;t has Mr. Hyde growu to be a thrilty town was chosen Bishop and presided there until his death which sad event occurred on the second day of March, 1874 at the age of fifty-fiv- e years and 6 months; he had taken unto himseif five wives, all good wochi'dren. men; was the father of twenty-fivSoon after my death, I went to live in the family of my sm Simpson Molen, where I have lived with my FORTY-TW- ISLINGTON, O LIVERPOOL. Old crumbling walls, and creaking floor, Thy echoes we will hear no more, E'en Holly Road pretentious, new. With trees and flowers bursts on the view, To lands afar these tidings sing, ' Piepare. prepare for Christ the King;" In raiment fair shall Zion shiue. O'v rspread by glorious love divine. Lvdia I). Alder. e in-la- daughter Jane ever Mnce, I h ive ever been treated with the utmo;-kindness, for whicn may the ric bessmgs ot the Lord rest upon all that pertains unto him is the Draver of my heart. E. H. H. t 1 A FRIENDLY CAROL FROM FAR AWAY. Mrs. L. L G. Richards, My MO T'HER'S WORK. STAKE. w Di:ar Friend: Your "Branches" have reached me o'er mountain and dell, The pleasure they give me my words cannot tell. They bear to me fragrance from out the dim prst, Like the scent of sweet roses forever to last, The first time I met you comes fresh to my mind, Your smile was as sunshine, your greeting most kind. In the little white house by dear City Creek's stream It seems like remembrance of some pleasant SNOWKLAKE Lesson f. Are most punishments due to mistaken mtthods, or neglect in the past? Lesson II Is a punishment necessary? and what is its tbject? Lesso?i III. What faults in the parents often result in punishment for the child? Lesson IV. Which is the most important, the parlor or the room where the children m iinly live? Lesson V. How at the beginning of the day may we become in harmony with every- thing? Have we a special duty towards the naughty, and disagreeable child and its mother in our neighborhood? Committee, Lesson VI-- Amanda Peterson, am feasting again on "mv own mother's bread," At our little square table with snowy cloth spread; And oh! how I pity the girl or the boy, Who has no such picture of "mother's home joy." Many thanks, Lula dear, for remembrance kind; In reading your book, such lovid names I find, That with old friends I live again past days and years. Till my heart swells with fondness, my eyes dim with tears. So many have passed to the ' opposite side," And others are scattered so far and so wide! But in Father's own house vith its grand spacious dome Oh, "the gathering in" at the great "Harvest Home!" And, sister, if we are but faithful and true, To the duties assigned us, we'll enter there too; And drink from the fountains so rich and so rife. With "My Maggie," and others, "The Waters of Life." Again dear old Christmas is venturing near, Again is approaching the end f tne year; May the holidays find our dear Utah friends All well! is the greeting their sistyr ' Hope" sends. 1 What more cheering words could my brief message tell Than to say, as I can in truth, "We are all well!" One of God's greatest blessings bestowed from above, Is the gift of good health. Your sister in love. Sarah E. Russei.i.. Colonia Churichupa, Mexico Dec. 11, 1904. hoods. Sister Annie T. Hyde thought we should teach our children reverence for our meetinghouses, and to love those in authoriiy, let us love one another and keep the commandments of God, made other suggestions. Sister Caine said the bond batween mother and children should bt very strong, and let us cultivate the spirit of love in our homes. Sister Webb urged the sisters to be faithful in keeping the commandments of God. By unanimous vote the officers' meeting was adjourned until the firstSaturday in FebConference adjourned by singing ruary. "Doxology." Benediction by Sister Mary Mair. Lizzie Robbins, Sec. Emma L. Smith, Elsie O. Flake. dream. I Conference reconvened at 2 o'clock with Counselor Annie T. Hyde and Ida S. from the General Society, Treasurer C. S. Williams and Sister Margaret A. Caine of the General Board on the fctard. Alter the usual exercises, singing, prayer, minutes, etc., Counselor Hodgs.n presented the names of the General Board, also the names of the Stake Board, all were unanimously sustained. Sister C S. vVilliams felt that the Loid wou d be.-- s us in our efforts to help and relieve suffering humanity, and we would also obtain much happiness in so doing. Dr. Margaret Roberts related many inci dents that had come under her obseivatiou, and luged the teachers to seek after the Spit it of the Lord to guide them in their work, also to get the young mothers to attend Relief Soc ety meetings. felt that in makSifter Ida Duit-nbrring the sacrifices k quirt d i f Relief Society workers, it builds up the character, makes bttter women of us, and brings us nearer our Heavenly Father; told the moihers never to dtcive their children or ttll them falseDu-senber- old Forty-two- ! Oh, Forty-two- ! What mein'ries rise encircling you! Of Liverpool and days of yore. When first the Gospel reac ed that shore. hur-.band'- Si LIBERTY STAKE. The quarterly conferance of the Relief Society of the Liberty Stake of Zion convened in the Second Ward meeting house President Annie S. December 3, 1904. Musser presiding, Sister Mirgaret Caine of the General Board being present. Opened by singing, "Come let us anew." Piayer by Sister Elizabeth Paul. Continued by singing, "Glorious things of thee are spoken." Roll was called, and minutes of previous confere ce were read and accepted. President Musser made a few opening remarks, welcoming the sisters anJ asking the blessings of the Lord on all present. Favorable reports were then listened to from all the wards in the stake, after which Sister Martha Morris favored us with a hymn. Counselor Eardley spoke for a short time on woman suffrage. Sister Margaret A. Caine spoke on the importance of understanding, and following closely the legal requirements of the association, and devising ways to accumulate means in order to take care of our poor; also said that we were instructed to provide against the calamities that were to come upon us by storing wheat and filling our granaries. Adjourned until 2 o'clock by singing and prayer. REPENTANCE DAY. The close of the religious year in Saxony is commemorated by what is called Repentance Day. This year it fell on Wednesday, November 16th. On this day the people repent of their sins, attend church, where the minister preaches a sermon on this subject, then they partake of the aacra-men- t. One service is held in the morning at 8 o'clock. The worshipers meet in the vestry room, but if there are too many for; that, they adjourn to the church. Here they have singing, prayer, and the sermon. At the close of the service, two ministers stand before the people, one administering the bread, the other the wine. The people pass around, each one partaking, after the usual prayer is said. In the evening the same program is carried out, and then the religious year is closed. It is a general holiday, and a fine day. Every one is out. in the afternoon, dressed in his best, walking with sweetheart or family. Down by the river, on the hard, white road that winds through the forest, many are walking leisurely along, the children plaj ing by the way. In this part of Germany Luther's doctrines still prevail, and the Reformed church holds the balance of power. Lydia D. Alder. 