WOMAN'S 22 fied when I awake in His likeness and behold His face." Sister Home's funeral was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on Tuesday, August 29, at 2 p.m. The hall had been draped in white, with green vines intertwined, and flowers and palms ornamented the stands. The flowers sent as mementoes of love were beautiful and in great variety. The Relief Society, the General Board, the old Salt Lake Stake Board, of which she was for many years president, and the adjacent stakes, each sent handsome floral designs, and the family the most exquisite that could be obtained in dainty blossoms, and there were many from friends and relatives besides. The First Presidency were all present and each said a few words, President Joseph F. Smith making the principal address. Other speakers were Presidents Frank Y. Taylor of Granite Stake and Joseph E. Taylor of the old Salt Lake Stake, President Bathsheba V. Smith and Sister Emmeline B. Wells. The music was furnished by the Temple choir and Elder Geo. D.Pyper sang a solo, "The Resurrection Day." The opening hymn was "Who are these arrayed in white? ' etc , "Shall we meet beyond the river?" and the last, "Farewell all earthly hon-or- s. The General Board of the Relief Society and the members of President Home's Board of the Salt Lake Stake occupied seats upon the stand. The ser- vices were very impressive and consoling, the remarks were all in praise of the many virtues and noble deeds of the departed mother in Israel, who for so many years had labored for Zion- - Many touching reminisceces were given of her devotion and and her grand and sublime character was faithfully portrayed in words of sympathy and appreciation, Apostle Hyrum Smith pronounced the benediction. The pallbearers were her grandsons Malin Home, Joseph L. Home, Wilford Home, LeRoy Clayton, Joseph Tingey. Jr., and Henry James, JrA very long train of carriages filled with mourners and dear friends followed the remains of Sister Home to her last resting place beside her husband in self-sacrific- - the Salt Lake cemetery, and President Joseph F. Smith dedicated the grave. A quartette sang"Nearer My God to Thee." A woman pioneer, brave and renown' d, She ever bore an honored name; With motherhood and many virtues crown'd To give her everlasting fame. Mother ia Israel, fearle.s for the right, A very stalwart in her place; Endow'd vith wisdom and with Gospel liiht, Intelligence shone in her face. Her weary steps have reach'd the heav'nly shore. Where welcomes glad her soul rejoice With her companions who have gone before She'll sing again with heart and voice, IN MEMORIAM. ALICE MAY TYLER TANNER. Departed this life June 29, 1905, in Milford, Beaver county, Utah. She was the daughter of the worthy and venerable patriarch, Daniel Tyler and his beloved wife Ruth W., who departed this life eight years ago. In the early sixties her parents were called to Washington Co., Utah; to assist in colonizing the Dixie country. Although a child the hardships o'f those early days were indelibly impressed upon her mind. In 1866 they were released from that EXPONENT At the early mission and then moved to Beaver. Store age of fourteen she entered the Beaver as a clerk, which position she held several years until compelled to leave on account of ill health. Being sorely afflcled with St. Vitus dance, her parents decided to take her to the House of the Lord. Through the ordinances received therein On April 7, she was fully restored to health. In 87S she was married to Joseph W. Tanner. 18S3 they moved to Circleville, Piute county, but in 1887 returned to Beaver, as Sister Alice realized that her parents were becoming aged and enfeeb-kdan- d needed care, she cheerfully took it upon herself to perform that duty. Her fidelity and devotion to them has been unwavering and almost without a parallel. About the year iSSg she was appointed secretary of the Beaver Ward Relief Society, which position she held until March 1S97 at which time she was chosen secretary of the stake. Her ability and faithfulness as a secretary is seldom equalled, which was a constant source of just pride and satisfaction to the V ard and Stake Boards, who recognized and appreciated her v orth and the credit reflected upon them through her ability and promptness in performing the duties pertaining to that office. In July, 190 r, she was chosen president of the Y. L..M. I, A. of the Beaver ward, which position she filled with profit and satisfaction to the association, aid credit and distinction to herself, until 1903, when the association was diHer labors in the Y. L. M, A. and in vided. the Sunday School as a teacher, and her extra borne duties (having an infant only a few months old necessitated her release from the position of Stake secretary of the Relief Society. In 1904 she was again called to perform the duties of the same office, which she faithfuliy did until her demise. She has been the agent of the Woman's Exponent since 1897,, having succeeded her mother who had been the agent in Beaver for that valuable periodical eves since its publication. Since her mother's death in April. 1897, she has faithfully, devotedly and tenderly cared for her father, who is nearly She is the mother of eleven chil89 years of age. dren, one son and ten daughters Five daughters survive her. Several times during her life she has approached very near the gates of death, but through her implicit faith in the power of the Priestht od of God and the ordinance of the Lord's House her life has been spared, On March 25, 1905, sho gave birth to a daughter which lived only three days, after which for a number of weeks she was in a very critical condition. Through faith and prayer and good medical aid. she appeared to be in a fair way to recovery, until consumption set in. A change of climate was advised by her physician, so a visit to relatives in Idaho was decided upon. Being very desirous of receiving" the ordinance of baptism for her health in the House of the Lord, it was planned that they stop off in Salt Lake City a day or two. On June 27, her kind, devoted husband, who has spared no means, or considered any sacrifice too great to make for her comfort or recovery took her to the Salt Lake Temple and she there received the coveted ordinance. The extra exertion required to make the trip in her weakened condition, completely exhausted her, so much so, that they decided to return home; so in the evening of the same day, they took the train homeward, and reached Milford on the monrng of the 28th. Being too weak to continue the journey farther, they remained there, hoping she would soon gain sufficient strength to reach home, but on the morning of the 29th at 1 o'clock she passed peacefully away. The funeral services were held on Sunday, July 2, at 2 o'elock p. m,, in the L. D, S. meeting house in Beaver. The speakers all eulogized her beautiful life, offered consolation to the bereft, appreciated her worth in the community and admonished all to follow her worthy example. Co-o- p 1 1 RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Whereas our Heavenly Father has seen fit to call home one of His most faithful daughters and earnest workers in the cause of truth, leaving us to mourn the loss of a dear sister and a humble, in the Beaver Stake Relief Sodiligent ciety and Board, therefore be it Resolved, that we, the members of the Boards of the Beaver Ward and Stake Relief Society, extend our sincere sympathy and mourn with the bereft husband, children and aged father. We appreciate her faithful labors as a Ward and Stake secretary, also as president of the Y. L. M, I, A. and teacher in the Sunday School. That she was a faithful wife, a patient, kind and indulgent mother, and a devoted daughter. That she was a Latter-daof a true y living example Saint, That her sterling qualities, her fidelity to the er truth, and her willingness and faithfulness to duty made her most lovely and admirable to all her frit nds. That if we emulate her worthy example and noble life, we will assuredly meet her again in that beautiful home where sin and death cannot enter. May He who has said He will be a husband to the widow, and a father to the fatherless, pour into the wounded souls of the bereft ones in this their dark hour of separation, the oil of healing. 1 hat we send a copy of these resolutions to the bereaved family, one to the Woman's Exponent, and one to be put upon the Stake records. C. C. Shepherd, Mary A. White, H. E, Fothing-ham- . Alice G. White, Frances L. Jones R, S. Stake Board. IN MEMORIAM. Susan Mosely Sperry, who departed this life uly 12, '05. Whereas, it has pleased our Heavenly Father, the Ruler of the Universe, who doeth all things well, to remove from our midst our beloved sister and late President and co worker in the Relief Society of the Fourth Ward.in the Pioneer Stake of Zion; Be it Resoived, that we extend to the husband and family our sincere sympathy and appreciation of our sister's worth. In her death we realize the loss of a faithful and energetic good woman, who was ever ready to minister to the sick and the needy, and at all times doing whatsoever she could to help the upbuilding of the Church and Kingdom of God on the eaith, and therefore has earned the great reward which has been promised to the faithlul and entitles her to a glorious resurrection. Sister Susan Mosely Sperry was born at Nau-voShe, with her Illinois, October 11, 1845. widowed mother, four listers and one brother, came to Utah and settled in the Fourth Ward, The brother was accidently September, 1848. Her sister, killed soon after their arrival here. Mary Mosely, was a former wife of Bishop Sperry, and after her death, which cccurred August 25, 1859, he married the late sister Susan. Her other sisters are still living, aud are Elizabeth Miller, Ann Booth and Hannah Fcot, and are residents at Nephi. They, with others who came at the same time, lived in wagons until they could provide homes for themselves which was no easy task in those days Sister Sperry was indeed a pioneer of the Fourth Ward, and lived continuously in the Ward until her demise. Let us tver emulate her good works and cherish her memory. Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be sent, with our sympathies to the bereaved husband and family and that the same be recorded on the records of our Society, also that a copy be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Mary A. Hadley, o, Mary A, Weiler, Mahala Jenkins, Committee. IN MEMORIAM. In Loving Remembrance of Myra C. Daines. Died at Hyde Park. Utah, April 5th, 1905, Myra C. the beloved wife of Joseph B. Daines and youngest daughter of Sue! and Elizabeth Z. Lamb. Sister Myra was born at Hyde Park, April 19, 1S71 and was a true and faithful Latter-da- y Saint. The mother of seven children, six of them, five sons and one daughter, with her husband, father, mother, three brothers and five sisters, mourn the departure of a loving and dutiful wife, mother, daughter and sister. Sister Myra was a member of the Primary from its organization in 1879, and continued a member after her marriage which was solemnized in the Logan Temple October 24th., 1889, and worked as an aid until the winter of 1893, and, was also an active worker ia the Y.L. M. I. A. In the Relief Society she was an energetic worker; was a teacher several years, and was a faithful observer of the Word of Wisdom; had never tasted tea or coffee and had performed much Temple woik. She was a great comfort to her parents, an affectionate wife and mother, a true neighbor, and is greatly missed in the family circle and by those who had the pleasure of her acquaintance. To her husband and parents we can truly say: "Thou dost not weep, to weep alone." The broad bereavement seems to fall unheeded and unfelt by none. She was Beloved, Beloved by all. Remarkable Case of Healing. When sister Myra Daines was a young girl a growth formed on her tongue which was thought 