Woman Exponent 5 The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY, 1905. Vol. 33 CONTENTS. The Polytechnic Institution, London. ...M. F. L. D. M. A. Woman's Voice to Aretta Sister John Testimony Young Mother's Work: Bear Lake Stake Blackfoot Stake In Memoriam Sarah M. Hammond Sarah Jane Holliday Margaret P. Evans Utah Commission, Lewis and Clark Exposition The National Convention Tribute to Sister Caroline Pace Kaiser William's Stables Lydia U. Alder Editorial: A Happy Anniversary Helpful Editorial Notes General Suggestions Relief Society Conference., Relief Society Reports Poetry: A Spring Song A Memory 83 83 86 86 87 87 88 88 8S 84 82 M F. K. Ellis R. Shipp Grace Ingles Frost Progre s 81 83 8i 81 83 Without steam to ease their labors, toiling on from sun to sun; There was no electric button to be touched to give . . , them light, Tallow-dior lard and cotton, all that cheered through darkest night; Wearily they darned and mended, or perchance they knitted on By the faintly glowing embers, till the coming of the dawn; Oft they passed through ills maternal without tender care or skill, Only faith in One eternal, and their own undaunted v ill. ; p ,1 Hand in hand with hearts united in serene sim- . plicity, Men and women worked and waited, trusting God ' implicitly; Human odds seemed all against them! blindly struggling year by year. Till man's d inventions brought the great Millennium near. Marvelous the transformation! can it be magician's wand, Or the touch of fairy fingers, taking us to realms beyond? Brilliant lights in varied timings, "liquid air" and ."air compressed," Give to mortals faintest glintings cf a power still unexpressed. . heaven-inspire- 1 A SPRING SONG. .. sister. Come out in the Casting sorrow and gloom aside, let us hie away All is glad And welcome the fair springtide. sun-ligh- t, to-da- y. What! tears in your eyes, my sister. And traces of care on your brow, While beauteous May in her robes so gay, Is wooing you to her now! Mortal minds can hardly follow all the changes time hath wrought Great developments in science, through inspired progressive thought; Cables stretched 'neath ocean billows, e'en the voiceles$ message sent. Radium revealing powers without limit in extent-- 'lis Winter still, in your heart, dear? Monuments Nay, sister, how may this be? For the Father of Love who reigns above Sends His Springtide to you ana me. He bids you rise from your sorrow. He bids you with Nature rejoice; In the joyous hymn of gladsome Spring To unite with heart and voice. Then lift your eyes to the heavens To God's altar your incense bring, Of grateful praise, through the fair glad days Till comes His Eternal Spring. M. F. K. PROGRESS. From the whirl and swirl of nations, to the mother's cradle song, Through time's wonderful inventions, and life's ways of righting wrong; In the heart of man or woman in their modes of speech, e'en thought, In all things divinely human do we find progression wrought. With a retrospective vision we may scan the changeful past, Since man found on earth his mission, vivid horoscope be cast. Or peruse the revolution in the world's historic tomes. Of the fitful evolution in ambitions, hopes and homes. We behold brave sires of freedom bending 'neath the stress of toil, Nought but brawn and strong volition to make fruitful, untried soil; Ekeing out a scant subsistence for their children not a few. None were then denied existence, all were welcome as the dew. Schools uncomn-on- , books rare treasures,, teachers crude in discipline, With the rod, or harsher measures, sought obedience to win; Impotent were they to fathom possibilities of mind. Influence of mind o'er matter threads of gold to thus unwind. Now we wonder how our mothers washed and sewed and wove and spun, to erudi' ion pinnacles into the skies, Mighty progress plainly written, bidding men and women rise Rise on stepping stones of wisdom to a far diviner power Rise to holier achievements. Progress watchword of the hour. Step by step we find each nation casting off heretic gloom. Peoples, high or low in station, crying: "Give our children room!" "Give us scope for thought and action; give us power to do and dare; Free us from fanatic faction help us mount progression's stair." Haste the time when all creation bows before one holy shrine In one grand united nation, bound by living faith divine! Then we'll love all men as brothers, put aside all mortal strife; Such progression is eternal will secure eternal life! Ellis R. Shipp. EDITORIAL NOTE. The missionaries of the General Board of the Relief Society are beginning to fill the appointments for Stake Conferences, and some visits have already been made. Sisters Sophia T. Nuttall and Julia P. M. Farns-wortvisited Jordan Stake by invitation on Monday, May 8, and Sisters Sarah Jenne Cannon and Hattie B. Harker attended the Relief Society Conference of Millard Stake held at Scipio on May 13. Sisters Ellis R. Shipp and Elizabeth S. Wilcox attended Malad Stake, May 18. Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde and Sister Elizabeth J Stevenson left on the 23rd inst. to attend Con ferences in Bannock and Fremont Stakes. Sisters Emma S. Woodruff president o Granite Stake accom nied by Sister Hatti' Harker left May 25, r U ntah Stake to t . tend the Relief Society Conference there h I No. 11. THE POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTION. LONDON. By very few people in this country is it known that such an institution as the Polytechnic in London, Great Britain, exisfs. It was founded by Mr. Quinton Hogg. At the age of eighteen years, after leaving Eton, he entered the firm of Bosanquet, Curtis & Co. , merchants, of which he is now the head. At that early age he began to manifest an interest in homeless boys, i.e. 1863. He hired a small house in York Place, Strand, where he opened a night ragged school and shelter for destitute boys. The work grew to such an extent that larger premises were taken in Drury Lane, in an old warehouse, where he could have a playground for physical exercise. Mr. Hogg himself occupied a cubicle in the dormitory. He was now joined in the work by two fellow Etonians the Hon. Lord Kennard and the Hon. T. H. W. Pelhani. He invited the boys who were well behaved to his country home, and became the personal friend of all the' boys who When one came under his supervision. showed a desire to improve himself, he apprenticed, him to a trade. About 1500 of them he emigrated to Canada and the United States In 1873 he found the boys he had apprenticed brought their friends with them. This necessitated some provision other than a ragged school, so the Youth's Christian Institution was started with a membership of 35. Soon the membership rose to hundreds. In 1882 Mr. Hogg acquired the old Polytechnic building in Regent Street, London, For the premises and subsequent alterations he paid $750,000. Here he has since carried on a growing work for young men, the like of which it would be difficult to find in the world. To see the president at his best, one should contrive to meet him at the Polytechnic, when the boys assemble at 9 o'clock p.m. on weekdays. He calls and knows every boy by name, and his house adjoins the institution at the back. In 1882 one thousand members were enrolled, but the membership increased so amazingly that in 1892 there were over eleven thousand bona fide students. They have over five hundred evening classes per week in addition to a day school for eight hundred boys and girls. The classes are for art work, typewriting, shorthand, a technical school and engineering school. Perfect order is maintained in every department, in fact the whole machinery works with perfect smoothness. Mr. Hogg was it first averse to mixing the sexes, but he has d. parted more and more from this principle yearly. The girls who come are real students. They have a separate gymnasium and reading room. The nominal charge of 35 cents per per annum entitles the quarter or $1.-2of use the social rooms, sewing to the girls and the Polytechnic itself, as far as rooms, it is open to females. The swimming bath is reserved for their 