WOMAN'S EXPONENT PICTURES. BY GRACE INGLES TWILIGHT, ' ' FROST. UTAH. Shadows are slowly creeping, O'er valley and mountain height; And flowers that bloom when the day is done Night lilies, yellow and white, Nod their fair heads in the gathering gloom. And perfume the air with their fragrant breath, To welcome a silvery moon. NIGHT. 19 and good labors of the Relief Society workers they would see that true mothers' work had always been uppermost in their thoughts, and their deeds of kindness and of love were as numerous and uncountable as the sands on the seashore. A. BEAVER ht C MEMORIAL MEETING. (OREGON.) Mountains! the grandest that God ever made! Shrouded in snow and with moon-ligbathed, Millions stars, set in azure sky, Looking down from their home so high; Lowing of cattle astray on the hills, The solemn tolling of convent bells, Forests of stately old fir tree, A river winding its way to the sea, A distant city's glimmering light, Reigning o'er all, a queen the Night. W. RELIEF SOCIETY. The two branches of the Relief Society City met conjointly Monday afternoon, May 28th, in honor of the memory of Sister M. Isabella Home, who died in Salt Lake City on the 25th of Beaver inst. There were present Sister P. T. Farns-wortfrom Salt Lake, and Sister Ida Hunt Udall, of St. John's, Arizona. Sister M- L. Shepherd, president of the Beaver Stake, opened the meeting with a few remarks befitting the occasion. Sister Farnsworth was the principal speaker, and after speaking at some length on the beautiful life and sterling worth of our departed sister, referred to the special mission to which she had been called by President Brigham Young, viz., the awakening of the sisters to a fuller sense of their duties, both as wives and mothers. She made special mention of the desire of President B. W. Smith to have the Relief Society everywhere, diligent in storing grain and several minor details in connection with Relief Society h, - EXPRESSIONS MADE ON THE SIDE. "It isn't the big things, its the pin pricks that hurt," a neighbor said to me one day referring to a small slight she fancied she had received, and there's some philosophy in the small quotation after all, If people would only try to gjard against offering the little hateful remarks that are not exactly meant to hurt but wound the feelings nevertheless, surely all would be better. Some people pride themselves on being extremely frank and telling just what they think, and they call this frankness a virtue, but frequently these plain spoken people wound the feelings of their friends most unnecessarily. Is it always wise to speak one's thoughts, even if they are the truth. If you meet a friend in an unbecoming gown or hat, is it a kindness to tell her of it? If she has a careworn, troubled look, does it help her to say, "My, how bad you look today!" Does it profit any one to pick out the faults and failings of his neighbor and tell him of them? Far better pass them by unnoticed unless in some kind way good may be accomplished, by quietly speaking of them. Frankness, like other qualities, may be misused. "I always was against the Relief Society, but now they are going to do something in mother's work, I think there may be some good in it." Fancy the feelings of a a regular Relief Society worker who knew all the history of that great organization, when at an evening party she heard a young woman, born and raised in Utah, make that remark! She would have been tco angry to remain in the room only she felt, that such a remark was made by one wholly ignorant of what she was trying to talk about, and out of respect for her hostess did not even resent it, but she wondered if there were many young women in our midst who felt like that, and she herself thought of that noble band of women working always for the betterment and relief of others without thought of self. She thought of the women sitting up night after. night with the sick; of the women going into the homes where death had come and performing the last necessary labor before the burial;of;the women taking baskets laden with good and necessary things into the hemes where want had come; oh, if such thoughtless speakers would only pause and think of the great work. Sister Udall occupied a short time. She explained that in Arizona where she resides, the people are very scattered and not able to meet often and the sisters-ar-e consequently they could not accomplish as much as in the more thickly settled parts. Sister Maeser read the biography of Sister Home, Mrs. P. Farnsworth reported the Frisco branch of the Relief Society. She said they had only held two meetings since the society was organized there and that the sisters had not accomplished much as yet. Among the other speakers were: Sister Johnson of Adamsville; Sister Goodwin, president of the west ward, and Sister Bickley, president of the east ward; Relief Soeiety, Stake Counselor M. A. White; Harriet Fotheringham, a niece of Sister M. I. Home; Sister Levi, Sister Annie Frazer, Sister Robinson, Sister Reese of Beaver, and Sister Pierce of Adamsville. All the sisters spoke with much feeling. Many of them were acquainted with Sister Home, and their remarks were remlife. iniscent of her well-spe- nt Our meeting will long be remembered by all who were present. The congregation sang, "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet." Benediction by Sister Frances Jones. M. W. Frazer, Sec. Mme. Sarah Bernhardt's name has been proposed by the minister of public instruction and fine arts of France for the Cross of Knight of the Legion of Honor. The grand chancery of the order, with which the final decision rests, is now considering the list of nominations. WOODRUFF STAKE. Minutes of the Woodruff Stake Relief Society Conference held at Lyman, June 30th, 1905.' Present of the General Board Sisters Elizabeth J. Stevenson and Susan Grant with stake President S. Tyson and counselor Hannah Telford and secretary Katie Eppich. After the opening exercises stake President Tyson made some remarks. Reports were called from different wards; thirteen were given, all were in good running order. Sister Elizabeth J. Stevenson spoke of family prayers in the home and the great privileges and blessings we enjoy by living up to our duties; in training our children and being ministering angels to the cast down and those who are in trouble. Urged the Presidents and their helps to love one another and be united in their efforts. Spoke of the evil of fault finding. Sister Susan Grant's remarks were very She exhortencouraging and elevating. to seek the Lord in prosped the sisters erity as well as adversity and live near unto him. Delivered a message of love from our aged President, Bathsheba. W. Smith and General Secretary E. B.Wells, encouraged the Mother's work and referred to the good derived therefrom and of the good we do our offspring in studying the same. Stake Counselor Hannah Telford spoke of her experience in attending the duties assigned her. Brother George here made some grand remarks of comfort and encouragement to the sisters. President Tyson felt that the spirit of the Lord was with us; spoke of early days and her experience; urged the sisters to be patient. Closed by singing "and benediction. Afternoon session, President S. Tyson presiding. After the usual exercises Sister Susan Grant of the General Board spoke to the young sisters and encouraged them to join the Relief Society and learn all they could in regard to becoming good wives and mothers; said there was everything to inspire us on to good works and living our religion, spoke at length on the Word of Wisdom and the blessings received in living up to it, and of cultiFelt thankful vating the gift of faithfor her experience in the Church. Sister E. J. Stevenson urged upon the mothers to attend Relief Society and get intelligence and to care for the needy; keep ourselves pure that the spirit of the Lord might dwell among us, and spoke of the condition of those who do not keep the commandments of the Lord and of the blessings we should receive in living up to our privileges; of the power of faith in the Lord; urged the parents to have their children attend the local organizations and encouraged the Mothers' work. Bishop S. Brough endorsed the remarks of previous speakers, encouraged parents to win the confidence of their sons and daughters; alluded to the grand mission Sister E. J. Stevenson of motherhood. a was she said as temple worker, she felt not be complete withwould mission her for the dead. Urged word a out speaking work for their dead to do the the sisters could. as fast as they President S. Tyson made a few closing remarks and felt that we had had a grand time. Conference adjourned after singing and benediction. - Katie Eppich, Secretary. 