Woman's Exponent. The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, OCTOBER, Vol. 34 CONTENTS. and Home Domestic Science DOMESTIC SCIENCE, AND HOME. M. A. C. Obituary 25 27 Mothers' Work Wasatch Stake 29 In Memoriam Relief Society Reports Morgan Stake Wasatch Stake Kanab Stake Nebo Stake Snowflake Stake Relief Society Organized Rabbi Fleischer on Women in a Democracy. . Editorial: Interesting Gathering 30 30 31 32 32 28 The Spirit of Relief Society Work Editorial Notes: Poetry: Valiant for the Truth ....Frances 28 Ridley Havercal 25 If I had Time Beyond 28 Selected 25 Ella Wheeler Wilcox 30 VALIANT FOR THE TRUTH. BY FRANCES RIDLEY HAVERGAL. Unfurl the Christian Standard! lift it manfully on high. And rally where its shining folds wave out against the sky! Away with weak ness, with faithlessness and fear! Unfurl the Christian Standard, and follow with a cheer! half-heart- ed In God's own name we set it up, this banner.brave and bright, Uplifted for the cause of Christ, the cause of Truth and Right: The cause that none can overthrow, the cause that must prevail, Because the promise of the Lord can never, never fail. Now, who is on the Be Lord's side, who? come, throng His battlefield; strong, and show that ye are men! Come forth with sword and shield! What peace, while traitorous Evil stalks in false array of light? What peace, while enemies of Christ are gathering for the fight? Unfurl the Christian Standard, with firm and fearless hands! For no pale flag of compromise with Error's legion bands, And no d flag of truce with Mischief and with Wrong, Should lead the soldiers of the Cross, the faithful and the strong. faint-hearte- Unfurl the Christian Standard, and follow through the strife The noble army who have won the martyr's crown of life. Our ancestors could die for truth, could brave the deadly glow, And shall we let the standard fall, and yield it to the foe ? Home is the resort Of love, of joy. of peace and plenty, where, Supporting and supported, polished friends And dear relations mingle into bliss. Home: That word touches every fiber of the soul, and strikes every chord of the human heart with its angelic fingers. Nothing but death can break its spell. What tender associations are linked with the home: What pleasing images and deep emotions it awakens: It calls up the fondest memories of life, and opens in our nature the purest, deepest, richest gush of consecrated thought and feeling. To the little child, home is his world. He knows no other- The father's love, the mother's smile, the sister's embrace the brother's welcome, throw about his home a heavenly halo, and makes it as attractive to him as the home of angels. Home is the spot where the child pours out all his complaints, and it is the grave of all his sorrows. Childhood has its sorrows and its grievances; but home is the place where these are soothed and banished by the sweet lullaby of a fond mother's voice. Ask the man of mature years, whose brow is furrowed by care, whose mind is engrossed in business,- - -- ask him what is home. He will tell you: It is a place of rest, a haven of content, where loved ones relieve him of the burden of every day lite too heavy to be continuously borne, from whence, refreshed and invigorated, he goes forth to battle again. Every home should be as a city set on a hill, that cannot be hid. Into it should flock friends and friendship, bringing the light of the world, the stimulus and the modifying power of contact with various natures, the fresh flowers of feeling gathered from wide fields. The influences of home perThe gentle graces petuate themselvesof the mother live in the daughter long after her head is pillowed in the dust of death; and the fatherly kindness finds its echoes in the nobility and character of sons, who come to wear his mantle and fill his place. While, on the other hand, from unhappy, misgoverned, and ill ordered homes go forth persons who shall make other homes miserable, and perpetuate the sorrows and sadness, the contentions and sl'rifes, which have made their own early lives miserableIf we would have a true home, we must guard well our thoughts and actions- A single bitter word may disquiet the home for a whole day; but, like unexpected flowers which spring up along our path full of freshness, fragrance, and beauty, so do kind words and gentle acts and sweet disposition make glad the home where peace and blessings dwell. No matter how humble the abode, if it be thus garnished with grace and sweetened by kindness and smiles, the heart will turn lovingly towards it from all the tumults of the world, and home, "be it ever so humble," will be the dearest spot under the sun. - - - - Bat if ye dare not hold it fast, youra only is the loss, For it shall be victorious, this Standard of the Cross! It shall not suffer, though ye rest beneath your sheltering trees, And cast away the victor's crown for love of timid ease, . The Lord of Hosts, in whom alone our weakness shall be strong. Shall lead us on to conquest with a mighty battle song; And soon the warfare shall be past, the glorious triumph won, The kingdoms of this world shall be, the kingdoms of His Son. 1905. No. V 5 Home in one form or another is the great object of life. It stands at the end of every days labor, and beckons us to its bosom: and life would be cheerless and meaningless did we not discern across the river that divides it from the life beyond, glimpses cf the pleasant mansions prepared for us. Home should be so truly home that the weary, tempted heart, could turn towards it any where on the dusty highways of life, and receive light and strength. It should be the sacred refuge of our lives, whether rich or poor. How can children repay parents for their watchings, anxieties, labors, toils, trials, patience, and love? Think of the long years of unwearied toil, of their deep and soul felt devotion to the interests of their offspring. Every day should they give them some token of love. Every hour should their own hearts glow with gratitude and holy respect for those who have given them being. There is an enduring tenderness in the love of a mother to her son that transcends all other affections of the heart. It is neither to be chilled by selfishness, weakened by worthlessness, nor stifled by ingratitude. She will sacrifice every comfort to his convenience; she will sur- render every pleasure to his enjoyment; she will glory in his fame, and exult in his prosperity. If misfortune overtakes him, he will be the dearer to her from misfortune; and if disgrace settles upon his name, she will still love and cherish him in spite of his disgrace. If all the world besides cast him off, she will be all the world to him. A father may turn his back on his child, brothers and sisters may become inveterate enemies, husbands may desert their wives, wives their husbands; but a mother's love endures through all. In good repute, in bad, in the face of the world's condemnation, a mother still lives on and still hopes that her child may turn from his evil ways and repent; still she remembers his infant smile that ever filled her bosom with rapture, the merry laugh, the joyful shout of his childhood, the opening promise of his youth; and thinking of these, she never can be brought to think him all unworthy. Too frequently the effect of prosperity is to render the heart cold and selfish; but the heart will never forget the hallowed influence of happy home memories. It will be an evening's enjoyment to which the lapse of years will only add new sweetness Such a home memory is a constant inspiration for good, and as constant a restraint from evil. A constant endeavor should be made to render every home cheerful. Innocent joy should reign in every heart. There should be found domestic amusement, fireside pleasures, quiet and simple they may be, but such as shall make home happy, and not leave it in that irksome place that will oblige the youthful spirit to look elsewhere for joy. 