WOMAN'S EXPONENT musty corn that did net ripen which served to help out our flour. In the spring we ga'hered buck wlnat for greens to help us to subsist In the winter of 1849-5- 0 my husband went with a company to Provo against the Indians who were making a raid on our cattle, he .et'irned afier a skirmish of three weeks with a load of squaws and children which were distributed among our people to care tor. We k?pt one little boy five or six years old, until an Indian came and claimed him as his brother, and we were counseled to let him go, and some others were called for also. In the spring we planted a garden and I carried water from City Creek to water it, 'hile my husband was tending a five acre lot which he had plowed and planted. The ground was as dry as an ash heap to the depth of a foot or more. He came home one evening tired and hungry, and somewhat dis ouraged After partaking of our scanty meal we knelt by our bedside to offer up our evening prayer. After a few words he broke out in an unknown tongue. I was electrified and was given the interpretation. It was a reproof for our lack of faith and to encourage us to renewed diligence by a promise that if we would put our trust in Him our land should yiAd bountifully, and our table houlJ be loaded with the best fruits of the earth. It did inspire us with new courage, and we saw that promise verified to the letter. I ret out fruit trees and in due time we had the choicest fruit in abundance and out garden and field brought forth bountifully In 1852 my husband was sent on a mission to England. I was left with one little girl and myself to care for. My first little girl having died a few months previous from the efJeci.s of a burn, and 1 came very near going out with her. After my husband got his "fit out" he had 80 cts. left which he gave me. I took i few little children into my house to teach in order to help me to live. After a time the gYasshoppers came in great abundance and destroyed the crops, so that breadstuff was very scarce I had a little patch of wheat on my city lot and the grasshoppers came and lit down on my wheat. I knew that it would soon be devoured unless something was done. The thought came to me to take my school children and let tbem join hands and walk through the wheat. They did so and the grasshoppers arose enmasse went up in the air in anotner direction and disappeared over the mountains and never returned. My wheat rew and ripened so I had some twelve bushels to help myself with and my neighbors When my husband returned from his mission to England he brought a sister with him whom he afterwards married. I had made it a subject of prqyer that if he thought proper to take another wife I might be reconciled, and do the things that were right by her. I dreamed that he had another wife and that I was perfectly willing to divide what I had and that was but very little. My husband's wife Esther Young died in 1858, we had always lived together like sisters and were very happy. My younge t sister came to the valley and mairied Biother Jesse Haven accepting th- - order of plural marriage and always lived comfortable and happy. In those days we were obliged to make our own clothing principally or-gwithout. I took wool on shares prepared it and made li tie it into yarn, cleaned it and colored it, got it ready for the loom had it woven, and made it into dresses, three different pieces at different times, also several pieces for men's wear; made the yarn and knit our own stockings, and socks, we also made our own soap and candles. When the Sabbath School was organized I had a class for many years, I was present at the organization of the Relief Society in jhe 1 th ward, Salt Lake City, became a member; shortly afterwards was made a teacher and had that position until 1874 when I was made treasurer, and acted in that office until the year i860 when my husband died and I soon left the Ward where we had lived so many years. In the year 1873 I went back to visit my friends in the home of my childhood, and in other places in New Hampshire, Vermont, and Massachusetts. I found a great change in twenty-eigh- t years of absence my father and mother were both dead, one sister and two brothers dead, three brothers and two sisters living. They were very glad to see me, and treated me with the utmost kindness and so did my nephews and nieces. They listened to all I hhd to say about my religion. Before I left home Sister Zina Young and the officers of the Relief Society laid their hands upon my head and blessed me. Sister Zina Young told me that I should be filled with the Holy Spirit and my words should be convinc ng. and I would allay a great deal of prejudice; that was all fulfilled to the very letter. On one occasion I had been talking on some of the principles we believe in and was so filled with the good Spirit that when I took up the Book of Mormon to read I could see to read without glasses perfectly as well as ever I could. I had been obliged to use glasses for three or four years. I was told repeatedly that they believed and that some day they should come out to Utah but they never have as yet. It was like beholding their natural face in tne glass; and when I left to come home, the Spirit and influence I had came with me, and had no lasting impression. I still hope it will be like castirg bread upon the waters after many days I shall find it; since my visit I have been writing and sending them letters, tracts and sermons and church works and they are there still, but I cannot give them up, I believe they ar of the House of Israel. I had a dream many years ago, that a white sheet was held up representing my father's house, saying they were a righteous branch of the house of Israel. I know this work in which we are engaged is true, I have seen the signs following the believer, I have received testimony after testimony; I know it as well as I know the sun rises and sets, and the greatest desire of my heart is that myself, my cnildren and grandchildren may all keep the commandments of God and prove faithful to the end. My husband who had been Bishop of the 13th Ward several years died December 17, 1890 and it was after his death we moved from that ward to our present home. j Our children were Relief Eleanor born January 25, 1849, and died May 11, 1852. Abbie Angenette oorn September 30, 1850, married John Sermon; Rosalia C. born October 18, 1858, married Lewis A. Kelch. Millen M bom December 6, 1863, married Mary Bird and is now and has been for some years, Bisbop of Sugar House Ward, Salt Lfke county. I have quite a large number of grand children. I have done work for my dead kindred, in Logan, and Salt Lake City Temples, in a line of ancestry for six or seven generations, and enjoyed it so much that it was among the happiest days of my life. I am now in year well in health and my eighty-sixtcomfortable in circumstances and still able to enjoy my meetings with the Saints. R. C. Atwood. h' CALL FOR THE FIFTH. TRIENNIAL SES. SION OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN OF THE UNITED STATES The Fifth Triennial session of the National Council of Women of the United States, will cotivene in Washington, D. C, 1905. April The 9th will be devoted to special religious services. The 10th will be an Executive session, the nth 12th, 13th and 14th will be given to the Triennial proper. The 15th will be the closing Executive 9-1- 5, session. The meetings will be held in the Pythian Hall, on Ninth Street, near New York Ave. The Council Headquarters will be at the Shoreham Hotel. The sessions will be divided into morning meetings which will be strictly executive, and at which the Council business will be transacted. The afternoon session to which all members of affiliated bodies are welcome, at which reports from the societies and committees wili be read. The evening session, to which the general public is invited, and which will be addressed by eminent speakers of prominence and ability. The President of each affiliated organization and Local Council is asked to send the name and address of her Proxy, if one is to represent her organization, to the President and Corresponding Secretary of the ational Council Members of the Council elegible to sit in Executive session are: First. General Officers of the National Council. Second. The Heads of Cabinet departments and the Chairman of both Standing and Special Committees. Third. Presidents and Delegates of National Organizations. Fourth. Presidents of Local Councils. Programmes showing the distribution of reports and speakers will be announced as soon as final arrangements are tnc.de. Mary-Woo- d Swift, President National Council of Women of the United States. Flo Jamison Miller. Corresponding Secretary National Council of Women of the United States. San Francisco Cal. "Ohio has passed a law forbidding the issuing of marriage licenses to habitual drunkards or persons given to the drug habit. Both bride and groom must appear before the probate court and answer on oath a list of questions bearing on relationship extending back two generations, and on their own moral standing. Judge A. D. Miller of Lima proposes to enforce this law, and refuses to issue a marriage license to any man whose appearance indicates that he drinks." 