WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' Come, let Meeting opened with singing, us anew." Prayer was offered by Presi- dent Jane S. Richards. Singing, "Now let. us rejoice in the day of salvation." President B. W. Smith gave the sisters an informal, sympathetic greeting, expressing her delight in seeing so many of the sisters present, and especially those from a distance, knew how hard it was for them to come so far, and hoped they would feel repaid; she loved the Relief Society and the work the sisters were engaged in, there is no better work in the Church, and we do help the brethren, and the Lord blesses us in our labors in what we have to do for the sick and the afflicted; "may we increase in love and have patience with each other, and may we have strength to do all that is required of us." Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde was so to see so many assembled and felt she knew them all; it was like seeing members of her own family; "these sisters are and work so hard to do so what is necessary to promote the work of The nurses work is doiug the Society. so much good;" and she hoped to see the time when every young girl would have this work included in her education for motherhood, and she felt also that the mother's work in the society was helping all to progress and improve; "this is a day of progress and not a station where we stand still." She thought we should "mother" the Mutual and Primary and we atnuld look after them and be one with them. Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenbcry felt when she drew near to the audience she seemed much better acquainted with the sisters, and with those who come from a distance, thought we should 'try to get near to each other. She had been requested to report some of her experiences while away, and so forth, she had enjoyed visiting the Relief Society and meeting the Saints, had been in Chicago recently and visited the Relief Society there, held a meeting with the sisters before the regular Sunday evening meeting; also in New York iu the. meeting of the Relief Society, had an excellent time there, she had never felt a better spirit; said in Zurich in Switzerland there is an excellent young woman missionary, very faithful and energetic and also in Berlin; there the sisters have a good Relief Society; the hall where they meet is poor and not very large, but every seat was filled and it was an interesting meeting, the good spirit was manilest, and it was most "I pray that we may have the enjoyable. spirit of love and humility and be blest in our labors that we may live near our Creat-- ' or and do what is right." Stake reports were called for, beginning President Mary L. with those far-ofof Cardston, gave an excellent, Woolf, brief report of Alberta and Taylor though to the prospeirty of the setreferred stakes; and mentioned the new Canada in tlements, wards farther north, Calvary, and Edmonton, they had visited recently, all the organizations in Canada were in good condition. Counselor Mary A. Bagley reported Bear Lake Stake, the society had recently built two new houses and all was prosperous, referred to the aged president, Sister Julia P. Lindsay, a veteran in the Church; over 80 years of age; she still visited the branches in the Stake and attended to her duties in the society. President C. C. Shepherd represented re-jo'c- self-sacrifici- f. ' 53 Beaver, was proud to mention they had a granary in such ward and were doing good work in other respects. Miss Emma Ramsey, one of the sweet singers of Zion, favored the conference with a solo, "Fear Not Ye For Israel," Elder Tracy Y. Cannon accompanying her upon the organ. The music was greatly appreciated by all present. St. Joseph Stake was represented by Sister Sarah T. B. Folley, she felt the society work was making great progress in that far-awa- locality. President Ann C. Woodbury, of St. George, made an eloquent address upon practical matters, and zealously exhorted the sisters to diligence and faithfulness. Cassia Stake was represented by Counselor to Sister Haight, who gave a good report of actual conditions. Counselor Mary A. Rich reported Fremont Stake, spoke specially of the amount of grain on hand in good condition. Mster Emma Wright, recently home from New Zealand, gave an exceedingly interesting account of the Relief Society work in that far. off land, she felt this work'nad been a great blessing to the native sisters. Sister Lexia Harris from the City of Mexico outlined the Relief Society work in that city and suburbs, which was most entertaining and encouraging, when j one realizes how aud uplifting this benevolent work is among the sisters in whatever part of the world it is commenced' President Julia A. Richards of Malad Stake spoke well of her laboss and the great desire the sisters had to improve iu good works, referred particularly to the Lamanite sisters and the improvement among them and their advancement in the organization. Maria Makaula spoke in the Hawaiian language of the society at Iosepa and Si.ctf r Julina L. Smith interpreted what she had reported to the conference. The native sisters in the Hawaiian colony were suiving in the same kind of charitable work as the other sisters who had been more accustomed to assist the poor and the sick. Conference adfourmd until 2 p. m. by singing Doxology, and bene iicuon was offered by Sister Maria Y. Dougall. Afternoon session, President Bathsheba W. Smith presiding. Prof. C. J. Thomas and members of the Temple choir were present and had charge of the musical exercises. Conference opened with singing "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah," prayer by Sister Sarah Jenne Cannon, singing, "How blest was the day when the Prophet and Seer." President B. W. Smith made a few opening remarks, welcoming the large audience, and expressing her pleasure that so many were present, and announced the Treasurer of theGeneral Society, Sister Clarissa S. n words Williams, who in a few also expressed the great pleasure it gave her the to see such a numerous congregation-owomen of the Latter day Saints, alter which she read the annual report of the 17th of March donations and the disbursements, and then stated the amount on hand for the Woman's Building. Sister E. B. Wells moved that the report as read be accepted, seconded by Sister Julina L- Smith, snd Sister Susan Grant and carried unanimously. The Temple choir then rendered the beautiful hymn, "0, Jesus, the Giver of all we enjoy." far-fam- ed far-reachi- well-chose- f - Reports were then given from San Juan Stake by President Miry N. Jones and from Mexico Juarez Stake by Sister Elizabeth Snow Ivins, both gave excellent accounts of the work in the respective localities, that were of great interest to ihose present. The choir sang Sister Emily H. hymn, "Daughters of Zi ;n, the of Friends the Poor." Sister Alice Merrill Home gave a brief sketch of her trip abroad and of the Quinquennial of the International Council and Congress in Berlin, she felt it a great privilege to be at home after traveling 14,000 miles by land and sea; she testified that there were many honest people in the world et, and that we should get rid of the idea that they hate us, she stated that before going away she had been blessed by all the General offieers of the Relief Society and by Apostles George A. Smith and Rudger Clawson, she realized the promises made to her. She went direct from here to Boston and attended the annual meeting of the Daughters of the Revolution to which she had been appointed a Delegate and Proxie for the Regent of the Utah Society. She had been nominated to speak at the Congress in Berlin and was glad she arrived early; when she first reached there she called upon the President, Mrs. May Wright Sewall, and found her very pleasant and was invited to the first entertainment given by her, a breakfast, previous to the opening of the Council, where she met the most prominent women, and was subsequently invited by Mrs. Coramandes to take a ride in the Their Gardens; she was invited to speak twice in tha Congress, once upon the Legislature, and she was one of the few who could be heard in the large hall; she only took the time given her; those women are greatly interested in the franchise, and anxious to learn of those who The Baroness Von enjoy these rights. Beswitch and Frau Maria Stritt had been greatly interested that she had not only voted, but been voted for; she also addressed a large audience on Art, and among the number present were artists, musicians an poets, everywhere she was well received and women were desirous of talking with her and asking questions; she visited Paris and the art galleries there, and ni2ny other cities and traveled almost continuously; in Zurich she visited the Saints and missionaries who were very much delighted to do all in their power for her pleasure and on her return was invited by the Saints in New York and attended meeting there; she had enjoyed it all very much and was glad to be at home again. Sister Emily S. Richards, addressing the conference said, she and Sister Dusenberry sailed for Antwerp and on arriving went to see the very quaint old Dutch town, saw many grand old pictures, these fine old pictures by the great Masters are everywhere and especially those of the Savior are conspicuous, they were so wonderful and in all the art galleries that one felt a sensation of solemnity, she enjoyed seeing and associating with the missionaries very much, had a fine meeting in Zurich on the 4th of July; made the it was a treat; Sister cake a short that pleased boys strawberry them very much. Sister Richards spoke of the "Sacred Stairs, "crowds of people clinging to them as they go up, and they believe if they do this their sins will be forgiven; Church of Maternity where children are held up to kiss the toe of the vir- Wood-mansee- Du-enberr- y 's 