WOMAN'S canker but continued to grow and troubled her for years, the doctors pronounced it cancer inShe and her parents curable, but by the knife. had great faith in the ordinances of tha Gospel. Myra fasted four days, her parents three, and the family and many of ter neighbors one day, and she went to the Logan Temple and was baptized seven times and was administered to and promised health, and although that morning her tongue was black and swollen so bad she could scarcely be understood, she was instantly healed and was troubled no more, This was a great testimony to her and the family and they will never forget it, and they have borne testimony many times that the gifts and blessings still remain in the Church. to be Amelia Kirby. (By request of the parents. ) IN MENORIAM. It is with the deepest regret that we are called to lecord the death of a beloved sister, who departed this life August 9, 1905, at her home in Far West. Sister Eliza C. Larkins the beloved wife of Wm. J, Larkins, she was born at War Hill, Surry Co. N C. June 26, 183? and on fune the 10, 1869, she was baptized intJ the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, and in July emigrated to Utah, coming direct to Weber Co., where she has since been a faithful worker in the church, she leaves a devoted husband and three children to mourn her loss, the loss of a loviDg mother and wife. In April 28, 18S1, she was chosen and set apart to act as second counselor to president Mary Heggsted when our society was first organized in Farr West. Where she labored faithful until November 3, 1892. when our President moved away and our society had to be reorganized, she felt she was not able to labor longer in that position, she has always been a faithful worker and member in the society, and has birne numerous testimonies to the work of God; she was a faithful Latter-da- y Saint, and loved by all who knew her. We the officers and me nbers of the society feel wherewe have lost a dear friend and as we sympathize "with the bereaved husband and children, and cherish her memory and strive to emulate her noble character. Resolved, that these resolutions be entered in the Relief Society records, a copy be sent to the bereaved husband, and one printed in the Woman's Exponent. Millie J. Summers, Sec, y R. S. REPORTS. CASSIA STAKE- - Conference of the Relief Society of the Cassia Stake convened at Oakley 10 a.m. June 23, 1905, President Louisa Haight presiding. Present were her counselors, Lavina Bates and Maud A. Thomas also presidents of the Society of the various Wards. Of the Stake Presidency, president Wm. T. Jack and counselor Wm,. T. Harper also visiting sisters from Salt Lake City Counselor Ida Smoot Dusen-bur- y and Phebe Y. Beatie of the General Board. Meeting opened with the usual exercises. Verbal reports were given by presidents Ida I. Brim of Albion, Fannie L. Harper, Oakley 1st Ward. Jane Critch-fielOakley 3rd Ward, Jane Durfee, Charlotte Nelson, Oakley 2nd Ward Harriet Whitby, Marion, counselor AbiReports showed gail Beecher of Elba. there were many members working diligently in visiting the sick, and assisting the poor and needy.and in erecting buildings where the members can meet conveniently and comfortably. The Grouse Creek Society was reported by letter. Sister Clarinda Beecher, a stake missionary, gave a good report of the branches on the east side of the mountain. President Louisa Haight spoke of the calls made of the sisters to help the poor and needy and in various ways assist in building up this great and grand work that we are engaged in.. Sister Phebe Y. Beatie reported the minutes of the organization of the first Relief Society and d, Al-m- EXPONENT. 23 the instructions given by the Prophet Joseph Smith to the sisters. "Let us be charitable and be careful to do our duty with our whole heart and soul. President Wm. T. Jack felt that he could not complain in regard to the condition of the Stake Relief Society. Encouraged the sisters in their great labor; meeting closed with singing and prayer. At 2 p. m. meeting opened by singing and prayer. Counselor Id1 Smoot spoke of the purification of trials. "We must have trials in life to appreciate the blessings. Some people wish to do great things in life and keep waiting to do some heroic deed, but you know it is the little acts of kindness that cause one to become great. If you want any one to love you, have them work for you. If you want your children to love you have them work. If children have to labor and battle with difficulties, they are the ones that have and make great marks in lite. We should take great care with regard to our talk and the treatment of our children. We should not take any more liberties with them than we let them take with us. If we only knew how to evenly develope the traits of our children what a great blessing it would be. What is greater in g this world than a pure, noble, wife and mother. By our hard toil, labor and diligence we will assist others. And the road we are now traveling will be made easier for those who may follow." Spoke of the great influence of the mother in the home. "The greatest gifts we have we carry around in our Dus-enbu- ry "stick-to-it-ivnes- s" God-fearin- heart and minds." Counselor Maude A Thomas spoke of the familiarity that is growing among our boys and girls, and said let us as mothers teach the young of the great evils that will follow this course. Counselor Lavina Bates addressed the meeting and expressed her pleasure in having our sisters visit with r Phebe Y. Beatie advised mothers to keep their daughters at home, and not send them to Salt Lake City to work on account of the many evils that exist. Our young girls are honest and innocent, and are the more likely to be led astray by the flattery and deceitfulness of evil men, Spoke of the Nurse class. President Louisa Haight thanked 'the sisters for their visit and felt pleased for the privilege of having them. The General and Stake officers were presented and unanimously sustained. Singing, benediction by Elder John Elison. Lottie Bach, Ass't. Sec. o, ALBERTA STAKE. A very interesting Relief Society conference was held in the Cardston AssemSisters Sophia bly Hall, Aug. 19, 1905. T. Nuttall and Hattie B. Harker, missionaries of the General Board, were in attendance. President Mary L. Woolf presiding. After the usual opening exercises, reports were given by nine branch- es, all in good coudition. Sister Nuttall felt the importance of the mission she was called to in visiting us to understand our condition and needs and report to the General Board: spoke of the magnitude of the work before us- "The powers of evil are aiming at our young people, and every effort - should be put forth to save them. We must live up to the light we have received." Encourage young ladies in giving lectures on mother's work. Much good can be done if we are in accord with the spirit, and by perseverance we Our can overcome many difficulties. She felt that blessings are innumerable. all is well with the sisters in this land. Asked God to bless them. Sister Hattie B. Harker said we have heard much on our spiritual welfare, cur temporal duties are also very great. Encouraged the teachers in this good work; spoke on the necessity of always having funds in the treasury; explained the object of the bureau of employment in Salt Lake City; spoke of the advantages of purchasing land while it is cheap, and encouraged the sisters to attend their meetings. "May each one have a desire to learn her duty thoroughly and then do it." Said we are willing to answer any questions pertaining te Relief work. Morning session closed by singing and benediction. Afternoon session convened at 2 p.m. Stake President E. J. Wood and Counselor and other brethren also the visiting sisters and officers of the Relief Society, with representatives from all the wards excepting three, those being farthest away were present. After opening exercises, reports were given by two sisters from the, north, showing that they were working along the line of Relief Society work. Sister Elizabeth Hammer reported her recent visit to the Relief Society branches in the northern settlements; said there was great need of our visiting them as often as possible, as they were inexperig enced in the work, but found them and desirous to do all they Could, and with the help of the Lord would try and keep in line with the rest. Sister Rhoda Duce recited the last hymn very touchingly. Sister Hattie B. Harker felt gratified to see so many present. Mothers should see that their children attend the different auxiliary organizations and take their parts; referred to Nephi as an example of faith; we cannot be saved in ignorance; the glory of God is intelligence; spoke of the bondage of indebtedness if we go beyond our means we cannot have the joy and freedom that should characterize Saint; compared the every Latter-da- y of our trials worthy pioneers with the of today. prosperity Sister Nuttall was glad to see the brethren present. "We should sustain the priesthood, it is the power of God. The sphere of motherhood is grand and beautiful, it is not limited; obedience to the Gospel brings knowledge and intelligence, through the spirit of inspiration and revelation- The sisters will have to take more responsibility and attain to are higher things. Some of the young falling into the ways of the world- - they want to avoid the duties of life and have an easy time in this world; it is necessary for them to be taught habits of frugality and industry. We should assist those who are in need. If we live up to the principles of our religion, death will be Saint sweet to us. Every Latter-dawill be tried to the greatest extent; this should not depress us, but should cause us to exercise greater faith." She felt the Saints in this land would be a power will-lin- - -- y 