W 34 OMAN'S EXPONENT. illness was a very learned book, which she intended to be an illustration of that For a "As closed Mrs. we Cash world. startling work, "Ecce Homo." says, was a reI time the puzzle; authorship the Bray's garden doors together, long eventually solved by Prof. Seeley bemarked, we seamed to be entering Paradise. Marian Evans said, 'I do indeed coming known as the writer. As puzzling feel that I shut the world out when I shut was the true identity of George ElFor two years did that remain a iot. that door.' " One of my last visits on leaving Engmystery. Not even could her Coventry It land was a farewell one to Mrs. John friends guess it to be their "Marian-acon Cash, who lived in the same "RosehiH" seems to have been maintained that had formerly been the Bray's Para- count of the way the world regarded her dise. "The inevitable regret," writes union with George Lewes. This union George Eliot to Mrs. Cash, "of their threatened at first to break up the tender e coterie. For sevmoving is softened as much as possible feeling of the eral months no letters seem to have been by the fact that the house has become a moved to long exchanged. Miss Hennell was evidently yours," only They stone's throw, so the intercourse was un- the first to condone it. In the following interrupted, excepting that it was now year, 1855, a letter was written in answer without the phenomenally attractive Ma- to a remonstrating one from her sweet rian Evans. friend, Mrs. Bray. She says: "We are I remember being shown "Foleshill," working hard to provide for others better where she had lived with her suffering than we provide for ourselves, and to fathei the window over the porch where fulfill every responsibility that lies upon she did her studying and the shady spot us. Light and easily broken I desire theoretically are neither ties what on the Rosehill lawn where the philofor live could practically. Women sophical discussions went on with so nor such ties do not act with satisfied who are much animation, and not without tenderI as have done." ness. The divorce laws of England were exSara Hennell was the great philosopher I remember ceedingly strict, and allowed no loophole among the young ladies. years afterwards the greatCharles Darwin of escape for Mr. Lewes from his first saying to me, "Do you knowthatMissHen-nel- l most utterly uncongenial marriage, whose has been spinning philosophy out of true ties had been, I believe, already sevfacts? She has sent me her ered in reality by his wife. scientific my I remember hearing at the time of their new book about it, but for the life of me I can't make out head nor tail out of it." son Thornie's long illness and subsequent I laughed, adding, "We must not tell death in 1869, she came to see her son in Miss Hennell that when we see her next." George Eliot's home. Mrs. Cash was staying with us, I think, She sometimes came to stay with another of the same year, when she saw her about of the little near yillage neighbor ours, Bonham-Carter, old friend Miss in again for the first time since Downe, Kent, who had been a pupil of Miss Hennell's she had united herself with George Lewes. It was one of her weekly at one time. MrsHer sister, Bray, I recollect as days at the Priory." Mrs. Cash said on having one of the most angelic looking return that there was a string of great faces I have ever seen. Beautifully fair, people's carriages drawn up outside the and sweet, with soft, light auburn curls. gates. Excepting the knowledge that the She was just as clever in her way as- her step had at last been condoned by the sister Sara, only it took a more practical "upper ten." it was poor pleasure to Mrs. form, and her books could be understood Cash to meet her friend again, with her by anybody. In 1863, years before the warm heart and tender ways, beneath the thought occurred to anyone else, Mrs. eve of the public. Just as we went to make our home at Bray published "Physiology for Common of we found that George Eliot had which Eliot book Downe, George Schools," but dear thank "I not Cara, lately vacated "Blackbrook," Chisel-hurs- t, simply you, says: within four miles of us. She had for giving me the book, but for having in faithful so a much labor worthy stayed there a few months as an experiput a created and direction, lasting benefit ment, in order to find out whether it which I can share with others." Later would be desirable for a country home. she was the pioneer in another school Some friends of our own went to live at Blackbrook, with its "fine lawn and grand topic, which is now thirty years later in the trees," immediately afterwards a sister beginning to take its proper place moral education of our children, that of of Sidney Dobell, the poet. I need hardfostering the spirit of kindness to animals. ly say how redolent the house seemed on At the time I saw Mr. Charles Bray he my first visit with its former famous occuhad been bitten by the love of Phrenol- pant, George Eliot. People who knew ogy, and talked very interestingly on it. her there spoke of her as being a great He is well known by his work, "The invalid most of the time, but generally her health always improved on moving away Philosophy of Necessity," ect. Mr. Bray had been a ribbon manufacfrom London. At the beginning of her literary life, turer of Coventry. He lost his money at the time of the ribbon famine in when she was working at journalism, it Coventry, It was at this juncture that seemed necessary to live there, but when the old mother of the Cash's gave them her successful fiction pushed journalism her inspiration, that the costly machinery into the background, it seems a great could make cotton instead of silk ribbon, pity that she did not eschew London to be "fulled up" for frilling. So long ago with its poor air, its yellow fogs, smoke as this, woman's brain was capable of inblackened bricks and mortar, acting as it ventiveness! At the time of the "ribbon did as a perpetual depressant to George famine" my friend, Mrs. Cash, worked Eliot's highly sensitive temperament, herself into an illness striving to help the But for these influences it seems The of as result this she starving operatives. though might have been at Rose Hill, Coventry. During the years of her girlhood they constituted her " old-tim- at-ho- 4 - here yet, with, the still deeper "satisfaction," as she says of her first book, "in having done a bit of faithful work, that will remain like a primrose root in the hedgerows, and giadden and chasten human hearts for )ears to come." She did live long enough to see the wish fulfilled, expressed in a letter io Miss Hennell: "If I live five years longer," she writes in 1857, "the positive result of my existence on the side of truth and goodness will outweigh the small negative good that would have consisted in my not doing anything to shock others; and I can no consequences that will make me to repent the past." Long after that she pens this testimony: "I am very happy happy in the highest blessing life can give us, the perfect love and sympathy of a nature that stimulates my own to healthful activity." At the commencement of their "dual solicitude" as she expresses their life together one is struck with the way the two brick led to the perpetual mill of journalistic work, grinding out articles and reviews on all kinds of abstruse subjects for the "Westminster" and other magazines, in order to provide an education for Mr. Lewes' sons. The marvelous success of her fiction must have indeed come in as a blessed relief to all this "grind" to a woman after suffering from frail and feeble health. In comparing George Eliot with the Russian mathematician Sonya Kovalevs-k- y (whose life has lately appeared), another woman with "a man's' head and a woman's heart," how incomparably more happy for George Eliot that she became the wife of a man of whom she could say, in words to the same effect, as each succeeding year she closed her journal: "My happiness deepens, the blessedness of a perfect love and union grows daily." con-ceie- ve Selected. - so-call- ed anti-climat- ic IN MEMORIAM. To the memory of Mary Jane Wheelan, who departed this life September 23, 1905. RESOLUTIONS. Whereas our Heavenly Father has in his infinite wisdom called from our midst our beloved sister and Mary Jane Wheelan, and Whereas the long and intimate relation with her and the discharge of her duties in the society makes it eminently befitting that we record our appreciation of her, and feel comforted in the assurance that, if worthy, we will meet and enjoy her society again. Resolved that we extend to the bereaved our sincere sympathy and pray God that His comforting influence may be with them, and lead thtir hearts to acknowledge His goodness even in their sore bereavement. Resolved, by the sisters of the Third Ward Relief Society, that we mourn our loss and that we appreciate the purity of her life and the worthy example she has set us to follow. Be it further Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be presented to the family of the deceased; be placed on the records of our society and a copy be sent to the Exponent and our local paper for publication. Gone to a peaceful, happy rest, Free from life's grief and paia. Worker, beloved, has joined the blest, Our loss is Father's gain. Mary E. Abel, Ann E. Clayson, Carrie. E. Dalhen. In behalf of the Third Ward Relief Society. 