8o WOMAN'S EXPONENT few good things!" The way to give a child a fair chance in life is not to bring it up in luxury, but to see that it has the kind of training that will give it strength of character. Even apart from the vital question of national life, and regarding only the in- THE VENICE ASSEMBLY. dividual interest of the children themselves, happiness in the true sense is a hundred fold more apt to come to any given member of a healthy family of healthy-minde- d children well brought up, well educated, but taught that they must shift for themselves, but win their own way, and by their own exertions make their own positions of usefulness, than it is apt to come to those .whose parents themselves have acted on and have trained their children to act on the selfish and sordid theory that the whole end of life is "to taste a few good things." The inelligence of the remark is on a par with its morality, or the most rudimentary mental process would have shown the speaker that if the average family in which there are children contained but two children, the nation as a whole would decrease in population so rapidly that in two or three generations it would very deservedly be on the point of extinction, so that the people who had acted on this base and selfish doctrine would be giving place to others, with braver and more robust ideals. Nor would such a result be in any way regrettable; for a race that practiced such doctrine that is, a race that practised race suicide would thereby conclusively show that it was unfit to exist, and that it had better give place to people who had not forgotten the primary laws of their being. To sum up, then, the whole matter is If either a race or an insimple enough.. dividual prefers the pleasure of mere effortto the infinitely less ease, of deeper, the infinitely higher pleasures that come to those who know the toil and the weariness, but also the joy, of hard duty well done, why that race or that individual must inevitably in the end pay the penalty of leading a life both vapid and ignoble. No man and no woman really worthy of the name can care for a life spent solely or chiefly in the avoidance or risk of trouble Save in exceptional cases the and labor. worth having in life must be paid for, prize and the life worth living must be a life of work for a worthy end, and ordinarily of work more for others than one's self. The man is but a poor creature whose effort is not rather for the betterment of his wife and children than for himself, and as for the mother, her very name stands for loving unselfishness and and, in any society fit to exist, is fraught with associations which render it holy. The woman's task is not easy no task worth doing is easy but in doing it, and when she has done it, there shall come to her the highest and holiest joy known to mankind; and having done it, she shall have the reward prophesied in Scripture, for her husband and her children, yes and all people who realize that her work lies at the foundation of all national happiness and greatness, shall rise up and call her blessed." e, R. K. There are many ideal summer resorts in this country at the present time, but for novelty and genuine attractiveness nothing has ever been built which will surpass Ven-icwhich is now being completed on the Southern California coast just south of Nature has done much for Santa Monica. this delightful spot, but during the past year the finest architect and landscape gardener and the best engineer have been busy, and the result is a mod;rn Venice with miles upon miles of salt water canals, stately Venetian palaces, business blocks and places of amusement; and while it will not be completed until the first of June, the work is so far advanced that a fair idea of the rare attractiveness of the place Is obtained by any who go to visit. Venice is easily accessible, being but thirty minutes' ride from Los Angeles on a modern electric railway. Besides its attractive features which will be many maintained all the year round, arrangements have been made for a great assembly to be held during July and Angust of 1905, in a pavilion seating 3.000 people, on the pier some 300 feet from the shore, beyond the line of breakers, where the breezes are always cool and where everything conspires to make every hour pleasant. Benjamin Fay Mills, whose name is known wherever the English language is spoken and who has recently become Permanent Minister of the Los Angeles Fellowship, has been elected President. The Secretary is the Hon. Dana who have Burks, while the accepted their election include the Hon. George C. Pardee, Governor of California; the Hon. George C. Perkins, U. S. Senator from California; the Hon. Thomas R. Bard, the Hon. Franklin K. Lane, the Hon. William E. Smythe, founder of the National Congress of Irrigation, and Abbott KinRev. Anna H. Shaw writes: "I see by ney, Esq. The plan includes first a series of national the papers that in the report of the resolutions passed by the Woman's National sociological congresses on a scale never before attempted in America, except at the Council it is stated that 'I led the attack' World's Parliament in Chicago during the on certain resolutions, and that I said when the race was not worth reproducing women World's Fair. As a matter should practice A feature which will command attention of left I fact, is a Summer University at which all the Washington Thursday noon, resolutions the were not presented till and lighter branches of general culture are to was no mention of and there be taught, including a School of Music, a Friday, The School of Modern Languages, a School of reporters were determined to some Nature Study, a School of Ethics, and a get expression from us on the subject, 1 we refused to be But it an interviewed. School of Expression. no difference whether you The plan provides for a series of lecture , seems to make talk or not; they make up an interview or a dramas, concerts, and other entertainments discussion." of the highest class, participated in by leadin their line in this ing people country. One of the finest concert bands in the country has ben secured to give two proSave Your Money! grams a day. Entertainments will be furAnd when you get a dollar, deposit ifc nished by the amateur dramatic society, with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust recreation will be provided in the the oldest and largest savings Company, form of pure and ennobling amusements, bank in Utah. and a general effort made to promote good Since the establishment of the bank fellowship. we have opened more than 41,191 savThe spiritual department will not be ings accounts. overlooked. The laws of Utah permit married Every Sunday morning a women and also childrenwho are minors undenominational service will be great held to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have e, inter-nation- Vice-Presiden- ts race-suicid- 71 VE ARE IN OUR NE STO much as possible for your money. e. ng Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. VV al race-suicid- e. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, in tbe auditorium with the finest sacred music, sermons being delivered by representatives of all the great religious beliefs. No better idea could be given on the scope of the work outlined than through a more detailed analysis as planned for the first division, which will be known as the World's Parliament. Under this head it is planned to hold nine great assemblies or congresses, beginning July Fourth with a California Congress, at which it is expected Governor Pardee will preside. Others invited include U. S. Senators Perkins and Flint and the Hon. William E. Smythe. A Patriotic Congress will follow to coninterests. sider national and The President of the United States will be invited and strong hopes are entertained that he will consent, as he expects to attend the Portland Exposition. Secretary Taft will be invited to speak on "Or Colonial Problems," and the presence of other speakers cf national prominence secured. Another great assembly will be known as the Reform Congress, to which Mr. Albert Shaw, Governor Alva Adams. Miss Ida Tarbell, Senator La Follette of Wisconsin, Mr. Thomas J. Lawson, Mr. Clarence Darrow, and others are to be invited. The other six congresses are to be as follows: One of Universal Peace, another to be known as the Economic Congress, another the Congress of Religions, then a Philanthropic Congress and a Congress of Psychic Research will follow in the order named, at all of which speakers of worldwide fame and of varying views will be invited to give free, courteous expression to their various opinions, the congresses closing on the first day of September, making two months of greater activity along educational lines than has ever been enjoyed at any summer assembly in the world. solicit your patronage. We aim to give you TRY US you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from ODe dollar to five thousand, and compute said interest Semi-annuall- y. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon; Cashier. No. 1 East Temple Street, 