WOMAN'S EXPONENT 82 use on Fridays only. There are special classes for music, dressmaking, millinery, needlework, cooking, and domestic economy. For the young men there is cricket, football, rowing, swimming, lawn tennis, boxing, etc. Connected with the institution are the following clubs and societies: Polytechnic Ramblers, Boxing Club, West London Rifles, Volunteer Medical Staff, Military Band, Drum and Fife Band, Orchestral Society, Electrical Engineering Society, Photographic Society and Natural History Society. Mr. Hogg soon found he could not entertain the sick and those who needed rest, so holiday homes were started on a paying basis. He has also organized holiday trips of all kinds and rates to meet the various circumstances. At Eastei a batch of students are sent to Oxford with, a competent lecturer at a cost of $4 35 per week each.There aie also foreign holiday trips arranged at a nominal cost to students. To Ardennes and back with accommodation $18.75 per week. A week in Switzerland $26 25. Two weeks through Norway with a lecturer. ' $41.25 for the trip. Eleven hundred students were booked for the Chicago Exhibition for $135. By the same ship an ordinary return fare to New York would have been $125. The expenditure of the Polytechnic is about $175,000 per annum. It is seldom that it pays itself, but the deficits are made up by its generous patron. I omitted to mention, it has an experimental room, where any new invention will be exhibited by application to the . No doubt the many interests to which the Polytechnic appeals may partly explain its wonderful success, but the one circumstance which more than any other has contributed devotion of its to it, is the whole-heartepatron by which it was inspired and sus tained ever since its humble birth, when it started with two ragged crossing sweepers d Maria Francis. R. S. REPORTS. ALPINE STAKE. The Quarterly Conference of the Relief to pay her fee of ten cents. Advised the sisters to buy wheat with tne money tney have on hand, and not keep it or use it in "It is our mission to save any other way. souls, " and she thought we should have to have missionaries in our stake to visit every house and stir up the sifters to their duty. Singing Benediction, bister ii. featnerstone. Meeting adjourned until 2 o clocfc. Afternoon Session Conference, 2 p. m. Prayer, Brother William bouth- Singing. wick. Singing. Minutes read and accepted. President Standring prayed that the speakers might all be inspired by the. Spirit Stak-- PresiOf the Lord in their remarks. said the Spirit of L dent Stephen Chipman a is wonderful influence, and it the Lord makes people humble and meek, charitable Christ is the chief and long suffering. Our enemies c rner stone of this work. would strike our religion out of existence, but it is the Lord's work and it has come to stay. Prophets and Apostles are with us, and there is no doubt as to the outcome of this work. It s not those who pay tithing that find fault, but those who do not sbserve this law. President Chipman read There is no the revelation on tithing. is handled of but the by the tithing part be accan dollar and every proper authority counted for satisfactorily by the pe'ople. Part of tbe tithes are used for the bene t cf schools, some for the building of meeting houses and for the establishment of foreign missions and the poor receive a benefit from the tithing. Stake Counselor Annie C. Hindley: "This society is a grand organization where we can understand the fruits of the Spirit, and where our testimony may be strengthened and it is a pleasure to do cur duty." Referred to our General Conierence and the spirit of the reports, and thought our Stake would compare favorably with other stakes; felt thankful for the love and unity existing. President James H. Clark: "This is not the work of man, look at those who have been instruments in bringing the w7ork to this point, it is marvelous. The Lord gives us strength and blesses us with faith to How many there are in this continue. Church faithful women who have husbands who are careless and negligent. What can they do? They can pray, pray continually and the Lord will hear their prayers and answer them, and the wayward ones will be brought to repentance. God is with the work and is guarding it. II the principle of tithing is not true, the whole fabric is false." Spoke of the chuich in Chicago built by tithing; also in Denmark and Sweden, Look at our comfortable homes. Sister Sina Chipman felt we had had a feast today, could see great beauty in the principles of the Gospel, had listened to the testimony of a lady who was one of the wives of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and who related many of the troubles and drivings of the people in that day, what they endured for tbe Gospel's sake and for the establishment of the work of the Lord in this last dispensation. Singing. Closing prayer, Patriarch William Clark. Conference adjourned for three months. Society of the Alpine Stake was held at Lehi, April 21, 1905. Meeting convened at 10 o'clock, President Rebecca Standring presiding. Singing. Prayer, Brother Schow. Singing. Minutes read and approved. President Standring greeted the sisters in her usual kind and motherly way. "The Lord has promised that if we are faithful we shall never be overcome;" stated that all the wards had been visited except two, during the last quarter, and some twic; prayed . the Lord to bless the presidents and inspire them with with the spirit of the Lord. Every ward in the Stake being represented, all seem to be doing their utmost to further the great work. Good meetings are held, several new meeting houses have been built recently and the sisters have done a good word in helping to finish and furnish them. After the reports,' President Standring Emma Featherstone, Sec. gave instructions in regard to our March celebration, asked the wards to meet connebo stake. jointly as far as possible on that day, and have fellowship together, and not particuThe quarterly conference of the Nebo larly for making means, but each member, stake Relief Society convened in the Spring if ever so poor, should consider it her duty Lake meeting house, April 14, 1905, President Lily us C. Page presiding. Congregation sang, prayer by David Butler, singing. Minutes read and approved. Sister L. C. Page thanked the people of Spring Lake for their cordial greeting. Sister Vina Moore, president of the Spring Lake society, welcomed all at the conference, felt pleased to have the conference here, read an address delivered by President Roosevelt to the. Congress of Mothers on race suicide. Sister Page gave a report of the conference in Salt Lake City. Song by Sister Cecil Speinhower. Sister Mary A. Bingham reported the Benjamin Society as being complete in its organiza. tion, having paid $30 to the woman's Goshen Society was reported by Pres, Mary Ann Price as being in good condition. Stster Sarah Swensen reported the Relief Society of the Fourth ward of Spanish Fork. First ward of Payson was represented by Sister Amy Hancock, own meeting house and gr mary Recitation, Alice Butler Smith,- Aunt Hannah's Thanksgiving Sermon. Sister Sarah Roberts of Goshen spoke on the slackness of people in attending to their duties, this is what is bringing trouble Prophesied that upon us as a people. President Smith would prevail and his enebuii-ding- - mies be brought to naught; Sister Moore said she did not want anybody to go away, but stay to lunch. Conference adjonrded until 2 o'clock. Singing, closing prayer by Susannah Pickering. Afternoon session: Choir and congregation sang, prayer by Bishop William Taylor of Spring Lake ward, singing. Minutes read and approved. Sister Mary A. Pierce spoke on the Word of Wisdom. Sister Sarah Swenson spoke on obedience to those in authority over us, A ladies' quarttttewas rendered by members of the Spring Lake ward Sunday school flowers. " "Sweet wild-wooSister Mary A. Hallam spoke on various principles of the Gospel and bore testimony to the truth thereof. Sister Emma S. Jenkins of Goshen spoke of the use of the Doctrine and Covenants and Church History in the home to instruct our children, Reeitation, Sister Annie Bennett, "Which shall it be?" Brother Hyrum Simmons, of tbe Stake Presidency, spoke on the object of the Relief Society and an understsnding of theGos-pe- l. The Doctrine and Covenants is our guide in this day. Bishop William Taylor felt glad of the privilege of having a stake conference at our place, believed the time is coming when all will be tried, hoped to stand faithful to the end, hoped this conference would be a help to the people of this ward to encourage them to do bettar. Stake Counselor Eliza J. Dixon felt truly grateful for the way in which we have been entertained today; compared the different section? of the Church to a great picture to be painted by many artists; illustrated how bad habits have control over us. gave notice that this conference will be adjourned for three months, to July 14th at Payson. Choir and congregation sang. Benediction by Martha S. Kapple. Hattie Wkide, Asst. Sec. d On May 18 the various Peace Societies throughout the world and numerous organ- izations of women celebrated the anniversary of the establishment of the Hague Court of International Arbitration. 