WOMAN'S 52 Woman's Exponent EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months deliv-sre- d 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers cts. for one 25 extra year, mail, postage by Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel disspace one time $2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS. Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at the Post s matter. Office in Salt Lake City, ( tah, as Second-clas- Salt Lake City. Utah, January, 1505 EXPONENT building the present generation has surpassed ever, other, although one should except the pyramids and the ancient city of Rome with its great amphitheatre. In civilization the greatest changes are noticable and therefore the future outlook is hopeful; to enumerate all the events that show the statu.-- - of a higher civilization would be superflous, but one who has his eyes open must see the great march of civilization in tie r pid methods of travel, con necting ali parts of h- - world, so that one ma almost s ep over as it verj, lrom one country to another; aud in the coniniu location by telegraph aud telephone, which makes not only people but cotr tri s famil'ar with each other's iffairs. And these firings are now ready a part of the duly lives of mankind. Judging by th great dvanc.j-ment in th nas. one cannot teL whit ihe near futu.e may biing, cut ab ve all .t is The Januaiy meeting, Monday 16, 1905, dtvout.y to be wished it mav bring pace was heid in the Templeton at the society to the countries involved in war an , to our h adquarters, Regent Phebe Y. Beatie ocThe stars and stripes home in these mountain vales, prosperity cupying the chair. and success, as well as an increase in all were conspicuously displayed, and there . Mesof truth were a number of his'oric pictures that will t nd to the es and righteousness. dames RathshebaW. Smith and Mary Gowans were the only guests. After some busiS. ness had been attended to, Mrs. Qarii-sD. R. SOCIETY MEETINGS. which of the Williams read the paper day, The regular monthly meeting of the had been written by Mrs. Alice Merrill Daughters of the Revolution was held on Home, (who could notbeprisen) the topic Wednesday, Nov. 16, 1904, at the residence being Roger Williams.and many ne r points ot Mrs. P iilo T. Farnsworth, Regent Phebe in his character were brought out and emYoung Beatie in th i.hair. Considerable phasized by the writer, giving to this great business was transacted, after which 1 and good man almost irresistible power in charming paper was given by Mrs. Clarissa dealing with the native Indian tribes. The S. Williams, "Incidents of the Occupation writer had dealt with the subject in a very Mrs. interesting and original manner, and the of Philadelphia by the British." Clarissa Y. Spencer read an old Thanksladies all felt that they had been instructed orand as well as entertained. Proclamation, very quaint giving iginal. The elegant parlor and library, were handsomely decorated with yellow chrysanEDI TORAL NOTES: themums and trailing evergreens and the The anniversary of the birthday of Sister society colors of blue and buff daintly displayed, also flags and banners and historic Eliza R Snow v as fittingly commemorated pictures of heroes and heroines of the Revo- b the Daughters of e Pioneers at their lutionary times were in evidence. regular meeting in January, at the residence There were a number of guests, Mesdames of Brother and Sister W B. Dougall. ReRhoda Lyman, Charlotte F. Richards, Jos. marks were made by the president, Alice S Richards, Mary Gowans, Louise RichMerrill Home, who gave her childish recolards Farnsworth, May H. Larson and Jos. lections and interesting reminiscences were A. West. The two last mentioned are given by President Bathsheba W. Smith, a granddaughters of the late Capt Hunt, of companion, and by Sister Margarthe famous Mormon Battalitn and of Elder et P. Young, Phebe Y. Beatie, Edna L. Addison Pratt, the first Mormon misssonary Smith and t;.e writer. to the Society Islands. Refreshments, delicious and dainty, Sus .n B. Anthony's birthday on the 15th were gracefully served to members and of February of this year will be a sort of guests by Mrs. Farnsworth's .t iroughout " the United States, pretty gala-daSocieties and clubs have decided to celebrate; daughters. and elabo:ate preparations are being made The D. R. meeting on December 16, the to do honor to this champion of woman's aud civil rights. Miss anniversary of the Boston Tea Party was political equality held at the home of Mrs. Alice Merrill Anthony eminently deserves the loyalty of women for the stand she has taken and Home, Regent Ptebe Y. Beatie presiding. The parlors were artistically decorated with maintained; she has had much adverse but she has risen superior to it all, and the most charming variety of late autumn is today the centre of attraction in any comflowers and leaves, and the cosy, homelike appearance of the house was gratify iug pany in America or Europe. to one's sense of harmon. The greatest care h d been taken in the preparation of the paper, which was very evident in the GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. reading of it, Mrs T. G. Webber, the writThe October Conference of the General er, gave it as none but one whose heart is Relief Society was held in the Salt Lake in the subject can read to an audience. Assembly Hall, Wednesday, October 5, The subject was one that is always 1904, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m., specially pleasing, "Paul Jones and the U. President Bathsheba W. Smith presiding. 1 i 1 THE NEW YEAR, 1905. It is customa.y at the beg nnin cf a tew year to ma-- new resolves, 'o cherish new h pe.' of success to hold out t o one's frie. ds greetings tlv t have a sa'utary efie:r in stimulating the purro .es of life, that inspire courage in those wh- are inclined ;o he less hopeful in their outlook, a 1 thes little courtesies a i acts of kindness are helpfu', and one grows to expect these in erchanges of neighborly and friendly sentiments, nd it is a sort ef grace in life that has b come so universal, that one lo)ks for it and would be unhappy, temporarily, if t were not given. There is Lot too uuch love n the world, there is not enough courtesy among those who love each otner. To be as gracious and polite in one's cwn home as in public places would add g; eatly to home happiness, and give higher tone to home atmosphere. Presents, even costly ones sometimes give one unpleasant sensations, but kirn1. AOtds and gentle manners are always cha-If th? Golden ng 'o the recipient. Rule were written and hung in every home where it could be read daily it jiight bit a sort of talisman In soa,e of the ve y old houses in England, where the wooden reams are exposed ihere are still quaint inscription that strike one on entering, ard give the strange- - who glances upward a feelin of welcome w t words. In Croft House in Strntford on Avon, on a he?vy wooden beam directly in front of tuf. doorwa are these words "Welcome All Ye Who E uler H :e," This was a fairly large room with a great open fireplace, and suggests what was formerly known in times gone by as the living - " m - th-ou- room . There were other pleasing S. Navy." The guests were features of the meeting. Mesdames Bathshcba W. Smith, Charlotte F. Richard.?, aud Nellie Druce Pugsley, one of the sweetest fingers in Utah, who favored the ladies with several favorite selections. I have heard the mavis siuging her love song to the moon," and others, this vocal music was enjoyable and uplifting. The refreshments pass all description and were declared by a majority of the company to be the best that had been served by any hostess of the society. The little daughter of the hostess while ass;sting in serving pissed a dish of "tacks on tea," creatiug no little merriment, as well as reminding the guests, who were thoroughly enjoying the hot rolls and tempting luxuries, of the time when the tax on tea became unbearable to their foremothers more than one hundred years before. sci nee, progress in art. advancement ii education along all lines; and perhaps in the matter of architecture in railroad an 1 bridge -- abli-hmen- a . t life-lon- g y We hve no - entered upon a new year so to speak, and what it will bri :g to us as a people, it would be hard to determine; that grf t chauges seem to be approaching h; the general acceptance; certainly we know that perilous times have already come in lan is afar off if not nea; lome; the terrible war that is. and has be :n raging is appalling, to say the least. The record of fearful crimes f nd of accidents by land and by sea make oue stand aghast with honor and amaze.xient. All that transpires,, however, is not dreadful and though n.twithstan Jing calamities i'd var there has been and still v.ill be, greater material progress than ever before, the affairs of the world of mankind are not at a stand still.- Discoveries in - I cri-tis- 