WOMAN'S EXPONENT 30 IN MEMORIAM. IF I HAD TIME. If I had time O minds all dulled with weeping, I'd waken you to thoughts and deeds sublime. If I had time, O eyes grown din with weeping, I'd brighten you if only I had time. If I had time, O hearts so worn with grieving I'd comfort you with God's own words' sublime. Spirits dark stained with sins past all believing I'd seek to clear ) ou, if only 1 had time, O careless soul, self fchut in narrow prison Open thy doors! indifference is crime, Over thy heart let Christ rein newly risen, And for thy Master's service make tbe time. Selected. BEYOND. It seetneth such a little way to me Across to that strange country the Bevond; And yet not strange, for it has grow n to be The home of those of whom I atn so fond; They make it seem familiar and most dear, As journeying friends bring distant regions near. So close it lies that when my sight is clear I think I almost see the gleaming strand, I know I feel those who have gone from here Come near enough sometimes to touch my hand, I often think but for our veiled eyes We should find Heaven right about us lies. I cannot make it seem a day to dread, When from this dear earth I shall journey out To that still dearer country of the dead, And join the lost ones, so long dreamt about. I love this world, yet shall I love to go And meet the friends who wait for me I know. stand above a bier and see The seal of death set on some face But that I think, "One more to welcome me When 1 shall cross the intervening space Between this land and that one over there,' One more to make the strange Beyond seem fair," I never Account of the death of the faithful and dearly beloved Counselor of Sister Laura E. Pack of Kamas; Sister Catherine E. Woodard, who departed this life October 2nd 1905, in her thirty-sixt- h year. She was born in Kamas, Summit Co., Jan. 10th 1869 and though for the last ten years she has been a great sufferer, she has been a diligent faithful worker both in public and and private life, never shrinking from duty, ever tender and true She has left a record that it to those in need. would be hard indeed to surpass. In the home of her aged grandparents, as also i n the homes of her brothers and sisters she has been depended upon and looked up to, especially in times of sickness or trial, as a wise never failDespite her many ing, ever sympathetic friend. home duties she was for nine years a faithful worker as Counselor in the Young Ladies also for many years a Sunday School teacher and the last four and a half years of her life, as Counselor in Relief Society work. It may be truly said of her "Those who knew her best, loved her most." Laura E. Pack, The death of Mrs. Ellen Salisbury removed from earth a woman who, through a long lift, filled her sphere with a constancy and devotion to duty, which ware the admiration of all who knew her and were worthy of emulation. After a lingering but patient illness, she passed away at her home, Fivepoints, Ogden, on the eleventh of year of her age. She August, in the eighty-fift- h embraced the Gospel in Preston, Lancashire, England, being one of the first converts of President Heber C. Kimball and emigrated to Utah in 1855. She lived true to the faith to the end, and even in her last illness gave and sent blessings to all she knew While in England she composed the tiine to the hymn, "Oh, Say what is Truth?" well-love- d And so for me there is no sting in death, And so the grave has lost its victory. It is but crossing with abated breath, Ard white, set face a little strip of sea. To find the loved ones waiting on the shore, More beautiful, more precious than before Ella Wheeler Wilcox. IN MEMORIAM. RESOLUTIONS Oh! say, what is truth? 'Tis the fairest gem That the riches of worlds can produce; And priceless the value of truth w ill be, when The proud monarch's costliest diadem Is counted but dross and refuse. Then say what is truth? 'Tis the last and the first, For the limits of time it steps o'er. Though the heavens depart, and the earth's fountains burst. Truth, the sum of existence, will weather the worst, Eternal, unchang'd, evermore. Mary E. Stone. Mary E. Parsons. Daughters. OF RESPECT. Sacred to the memory of Mary Dobson Clark who departed this life Aug. 20th, 1905 at her home in Cedar Fort, Utah Co , Utah. She was born July 1st, 1832. at Preston, England, baptized when a child, came to Utah in 1856 with her mother and two brothers, Willard and Thomas Dobson, better known now as Captain Tom Dobson, of Salt Lake Citv. Crossing the plains in Edward Martin's hand-cacompany, and with them passed through the privations and severe hardships that, that company was known to have endured, wading through snow three feet deep, her feet being badlv frozen, but through the administration of the Elders they were healed. She was married to James P. Clark, May 7th, 1857 and located in Cedar Fort. She was of a gentle and merry disposition, and one of Zion's sweet singers. She was a willing worker, and faithful officer in the Relief Society and Primary Association for many years, punctual in attendance, and prompt in all donations in relief work. Her great desire was to remain faithful and true to the Gospel of Christ, which she has done. And we her deem it a pleasant duty to testify to her faithfulness. Therefore be it resolved, by the sisters of the Cedar Fort Ward Relief Society that we tender to her bereaved husband, son and daughters our heartfelt sympathy, and trust thev will be com- -' forted, in the assurance that "she" is not dead, but has gone to a brighter and better world. Be rt it further Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be recorded upon the record of the Society, a copy be sent to the bereaved family and also published in the Woman's Exponent. Fannie N. Berry, Treas. Annie M. Smith, Sec. In behalf of the Cedar Fort Relief Society, RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. MORGAN STAKE. The Morgan Stake conference was held August 17th in the stake house with a fairly good attendance. The General Board was represented by Sisters P. Y. Beatie andC. S. Thomas of Salt Lake City. The several branches were reported as doing the best they can under the circumstances in which they are placed. Some are too busy to attend meetings much, but on the whole there are enough faithful workers to keep the Relief Society work rolling on in the Morgan Stake. The Stake Presidency of the Relief Society make regular visits. Annie W. Clark, meeting held in Salt Lake City, that the Relief Society should spread from north to south, from east to west; she had lived to see this fulfilled. A lecture was given by Sister Johanna Jensen on Charity. Recitation, "Thy will be done," Sophia Lake. The visiting sisters gave encouraging remarks to workers in the Relief Society cause, also dwelt on need of charity, refinement and gentleness among the sisters and girls. Emphasized the necessity of keeping the lives and memories of the pioneers fresh in the minds of the sons and daughters of Zion. President Wm. H. Smart desired the sisters to be loyal to their file leaders and loyal to all their spiritual and temporal interests. Paid a glowing tribute to Sister Bathsheba W. Smith, also to the stake presidency. The reports from the various ward officers given at officers meeting indicated the work to be progressing in this stake of Zion. Sarah K Duke, Secretary. KANAB STAKE. Minutes of the Kanab Stake Relief Society conference, held at Kanab September 4, 1905. Stake Counselor Elizabeth Pugh present and presiding. Sang "Redeemer of Israel." Prayer by Counselor E, J. H. Lewis of the Kanab Relief Society. Counselor Elizabeth Pugh made a few opening remarks; said President and Counselor H. E- Hoyt were absent; also regretted that the visiting sisters from Salt Lake were unable to meet with us. A letter from President Seegmiller, also one from Sister Emme-lin- e B. Wells were read. Sister Pugh reported that President Seegmiller and Counselor H. E. Hoyt had visited the stake three months ago. filled up all vacancies, and that now each society was in good order. The different wards of the stake were represented and reported by an officer of each Relief Society as in fairly good working order, teachers alive to their duties as a rule, meetings held regularly, and those in attendance feeling well. Instructions gfven at the conference were: referring to the duties of the member: of the Relief Society, our duties to each other, care for the sick, looking after the poor and needy, have a watch-car- e over the children, our neighbor's as well as our own, sustain those in authority oyer us, and live so that we may have a claim upon the blessings of the Lord. Conference adjourned for three months. Sang "Praise to the man." etc. Benediction by Sister J. W. Seaman. Seeg-mill- er - Persis A. Spencer, Sec. NEBO STAKE. The quarterly conference of Nebo Stake Relief Society convened in the WASATCH STAKESpanish Fork 1st ward meeting house October 9, 1905, at 10.30 o'clock, Pres. The Relief Society Conference of the Lilyus C. Page presiding. Wasatch stake was held June 16, 1905, Mrs. Estella Davis rendered a song- in the stake tabernacle, and was well Pres- Mary A. Hallam, of Fork attended by stake authorities and local 2nd ward briefly welcomed Spanish all present at officers. our conference; prayed for the spirit of Sisters Margaret A. Caine and P. J. M. the Lord to be with us. Farnsworth, representing the General The Leland ward was reported by Board, were also present. Prest. Markham with doinf the best Sister Ann Murdock related an instance can under the circumstances have they forty that she heard at the first Relief Society bushels of wheat on hand. Secretary. - - 