WOMAN'S A MEMORY. (Dedicated to Sister Emma Neff by Grace Ingles Frost). At the hour when daylight is fading, When the curtain of night falls fast. I dream, but not of the future, I dream of a time that is past, In my heart lives a sweet, sad feeling, A memory of long, ago, Of a girl with a fair, ethereal face, And a heart as pure as snow. I dream and once again see her, A babe lying by mv side, Looking at me in wonder, With violet eyes open wide. I see a wee lady. Playing with dishes and dolls, And hear the sweet baby accent, As "'Muzzle, " she now and then calls. And then Next I see her a school girl, A school girl, with mtrry laugh. And think as of yore, may God give her Always a sunny path. Years pass; I see my once baby A bride with the blushing face, As she. so happy end loving, At the altar takis her place. I ' raise mv voice to heaven, ' And praise the Holy One, For being so kind and favoring My ovn, as He hath done, I think not of how many The burden of sorrow bear; I think of but one fair woman; For her is my every prayer. And still I dream, dream and dream on, But my heart is with anguish torn, I now, alas! am forced to wear That badge by others worn. For one dark morn the mysteries Of Life and Death are wrought, And in my arms they place the babe My darling's life has bought WOMAN'S VOICE. EXPONENT. Lines written by H. E. Hoyt, to Lucy Diantha Morley Allen, on her eighty-nint- h birthday. years, and thy natal day, Nearly nine tenths of a century' And there beams from thine aged face The love of the Gospel, which thro' Gods grace Has been thv solace thro' jey and pain; And dwells in thy heart yet still the same. Eighty-nin- e years in the fulness of times, How much thou hast seen in those years of thine, How well thou dWst know our Prophet dear, How much thou canst tell that brings the tear, Of sufferings past, heartrending scenes; Which some may say are only dreams. But, sister, the scenes of thv early youth, We know thou hast told in words of truth. And yet again we would have you tell, Of our Prophet dear, whom we lovt so well; How persecution and hate ere rife, Until they took his precious life. And the testimonies we've heard from you. Leave not a doubt that thy words, are true. And may thy life still longer be, That our youth may learn those truths from thee; For few there are who saw and heard, Yet live to speak those precious words. And should you live till the Savior comes, Or should you soon be called homo, May love and peaca and joy be thine; For well thou hast earned those joys sublime. And whether on earth or in heaven above, Thou hast earned a crown and a people's love. Eighty-nin- e 1 . TESTIMONIAL TO SISTER JOHN. The members of the Relief Society of the Utah Stake successfully surprised their Mary John, and the other Stake Dac. officers, 23, 1904, it being the anniverof Sister John's birthday,as well as the sary Prophet Joseph Smith's. A delightful program was rendered, consisting of songs, readings, instrumental An interesting featmusic and addresses. ure was the reading of a manuscript paper, expressing sentiments of love and respect for Sister John and the other officers. After the program, a delicious dinner was served to about three hundred people. Toasts and short speeches made the time pass all too soon. Emma J. Bennett, chairman; the presidents of the six wards of Provo, committee. of Lucy DiaLtha Morley Testimony Allen, daughter of Isaac Morley and Lucy Gunn Morley, b:rn in Kirtland, Geauga Mary Smoot Glazier, Sec. Co., Ohio, October 4th, 1815. the with I was well acquainted The following was a tribute of love writProphet He came from New York ten for Sister John: Joseph Smith. to Kirtland at an early date. He lived in TO DEAR SISTER JOHN. our home seven months, and afterwards The harvest was ripe, the Master came, in a house built for him by my father near And cailed the Reapers in Christ's dear name, You heard and answered the sacred call. our home. I was married to Joseph Stewart Allen in You laid on the altar your heart, your all. Lima, Hancock Co., Ill ; passed through You have fed His lambs and His hungered sheep; of His loved ones who weep; many of the persecutions and mobbings of Have dried the tears faith sweet you have banished fear. the Saints; saw my father, with others, With a Saint's silent was and death stood near, When hops taken by the mob to be shot because they were "Mormons," but they were delivered The living you've solaced, have clothed and fed, Have folded the bands of the silent dead; by the power of the Lord. meek and the lowly have been our care, The in in came to Utah 1848, Brigham I and giving your life's best prayer. Loving Young's company. I have helped to build like a beacon star, up many places in Utah, was called to the Your mother-lovsent its light into paths afar, . Muddy mission and lived there three years. Has 1 hose you have guided and given rest, I was a member of the United Order at Will rise, dear sister, to call you blest. Oiderville, until it was broken up. I am the mother of five sons and seven The sunset is closing about your life. Yeur life of toil and of mortal strife, grandchildaughters, I have seventy-eigh- t A sunset of beauty, of wond'rous light. dren, one hundred and four great grandturns to glory all gloom of night. That children, and nine great, great granchil-dren- , e, I was promised by Apostle F. M. Lyman that none of my posteritv should be lost; a promise that is a great comfort to me. I want to bear my testimony that Joseph Smith was a true prophet of the Lord, also a grand and noble man. L. D. M, A. We come to greet you this natal day, A humble tribute in love to pray, Your hand to clasp and your heart to cheer. To honor a life that is near and dear. God bless you, sister, aye, may you hear, The whisper of angels forever near. May peace, like a halo, surround your way, And fill your soul, is the prayer we pray. Aretta Young. r. s. reports; UINTAH STAKE. The Relief Society ?ouference of Uintah stake was held at Maeser ward, Nov, 24, 1904, president Sarah M. Colton presiding. Singing, prayer by Patriarch Nelson Merk-lesinging, Minutes approved. President Colton welcomed the sisters and reported the stake as being in good condition. Sister Addie Longburst gave a lecture on the duties of Relief Society workers. Presidents of Vernal, Mountain Dell, and Jensen wards reported their wards as being in good condition. Essay by Sister Mary J. Searle of Mouutain Dell. Counselor Agnes Bennion spoke of the evils that surround us, said we should be patient with our children. Patriarch Nelson Merkeley spoke at some length of the prophecies of ancient and modern times and their fulfilment. Singing and adjournment until 2 o'clock. Benediction by Sister Abbie Oaks. Afternoon sessioa. We continued conference. Singing, prayer by Elder John Galloway. Singing "Praise to tLe man who communed with Jehovah." Minutes read and approved. The general and local officers were sustained. Recitation: Maggie Billings of Jensen: the presidents of Naples and Glines reported their wards as being in fair condition. Sister Caroline Stringam spoke of the good derived from attending meetings and Sabbath school; referred to some of the Savior's sayings. Bishop S. D. Colton gave all present some good counsel on different subjects. Counselor John Galloway spoke of the good the Relief Society was doing. Counselor Nancy A. Colton spoke of character and reputation. Sister Kate Calder spoke of the young people aud of charity. Pres. Colton gave some instructions to the sisters in regard to their duties. Appointed next conference to be held inGlines ward. Conference adjourned for three months. time is far spent," Benedic-dictio- n Singing by Bishop S. D. Colton. y, TETON STAKE The Teton Stake Relief Society Confer- ence was held at Driggs, March 9th, 1905, There was a good representation from all the branches of the Teton Valley. Jackson Valley was not represented on account of the road being so bad over the divide. The stake Presidency, a number of tie high council and also a number of Bishops were in attendance. All the branches in the Stake but one were reported as being in a prosperous condition. Each one of these had a subject prepared such as "True charity," Appreciation of officers," Duties of motherhood," etc. The subjects were well presented. The vocal selections by Sister Annie Buxton were enjoyed by the audience. It was the largest congregation and the most enjoyable conference that the Teton Stake Relief Society has had since the organization of our stake. The house was well filled. The instructions which were very spicy were enjoyed by all. Our beloved Pres. Sophia E. Rigby has recovered of late from a severe attack of typhoid lever which was contracted while she was nursing her daughter Eva, who was so seriously afflicted that in a few days she was taken to the great beyond where she will receive the crown which is enjoyed : by the righteous. Lydia E, Fullmer, Sec, j.. 