WOMAN'S 84 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six mcnths 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv-;re- d by mail, extra for postage one year, 2s cts. Advertising rates: Ehch square, ten lines of nonpanel disspace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Fali Lake City, Utah Entered at the Post s matter. Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, cs ttcond-clas- Salt Lake City, Utah, May, 1905 A HAPPY ANNIVERSARY. We regret not having published in this issue the birthday celebration of our beloved President Bathsheba W. Smith; the anniversary of her 83rd birthday occurred May third of the present month, and the event was beautifully observed with most pleasing and appropriate exercises in Provo on May Day both at the Brigham Young University, and at the Tabernacle, with an elaborate reception in the evening. Presidents Joseph F. Smith and John R. Winder honored the occasion by accepting the invitation of Sister B. W. Smith's counselor, Sister Ida S, Dusenberry, who planned this happy affair in honor of her President, On her real birthday anniversary May third, there was a very pleasant gathering of about one hundred of her relatives and friends at the handsome residence of Brother and Sister W N. Williams, and again this reverend mother in Israel received another ovation, which we hope to give to our readers more complete, as also the celebration in Provo. HELPFUL SUGGESTIONS. Our readers are undoubtedly all aware that this number of the Woman's Expo- nent completes the thirty-thir- d volume, and whatever may be said of this little periodical, or whatever critici m may be made, one thing must be said if truth is told, it has always stood tor the principles of right and never pandered to the vitiated tastes and frivolities of modern society, or enteied into any arguments that would lead to controversy adverse to the best interests of the community in which it is circulated, as a medium of information for women and the organizations established for their helpfulness, and their higher education in all that will develop the best qualities of womaa's nature; and whatever is best for women is always best for society at large, and assuredly in the home circle. This paper is essentially "Mormon," as the term is used, and it is the aim of the editor to make every effort towards mainwork in taining the spirit of the Latter-daits columns, so that no harm may or can be done to the most delicate mind in perusing its contents. The women's organizations of the Church are and should be conducted on such lines as breathe the true spirit of the everlasting Gospel, inculcating faith in God, and in the y EXPONENT ards and wife and was certainly a most unique party in many respects. We shall try to publish full particulars and make it a matter of record as he is the only surviving member of that wonderful pilgrimage in 1834. Savior of mankind. The light that has come into the world in this last dispensation of the fulness of times, must be diffused through those who have accepted the teachings of prophets and apostles raised up in this day, and therefore all who write and all who teach and exhort should be careful of their words and of the spirit which accompanies them. The women of Zion have been highly favored in the privileges that have come to them, even in this far off western land; at an early date comparatively speaking; the were given equal suffrage, in February, 1870, and very soon after this little paper was started, in which they had the opportunity of expressing their views on all questions which pertained to their conditions and circumstances, and their future hopes and prospects. The bound volumes of the Exponent extending back to June, 1872, contain many very able articks from the pen of the women pioneers and heroines cf the e. rly days of the Church, which are valuable history and these pages have been read by hundreds of women outside the church, who have been interested in suffrage and organized work among women, particularly charitable and philanthropic people. A complete file of the Woman's Exponent was on exhibition at the Paris Exposition in 1900, and at "The Hague." In this and other ways this little messenger of peace and truth has been beneficial, and the sisters who have been actually engaged in public duties in the Church, might gather much useful information by reading the articles written by the sisters who live here and those who travel abroad. If more of the sisters would devote a little time to writing it would be a help and development for themselves and add to the variety which is always pleasing, and possibly be the means of doing great good, for assuredly writing good things is like "casting bread upon the waters," it may reach a hungry soul longing for comfort, and it is perhaps powing good seed that may spring up and bear fruit. Dear sisters, you who desire to do good by developing your ideas and adding to the storehouse of knowledge for the benefit of others, write for our little paper and give your testimonies and such incidents in your experience as are valuable for record, and would be helpful to our many readers here and elsewhere, for the Exponent is read in many lands. The graduating exercises of the Relief Society nurses' class whi h were held in Barratt Hall, May 18, at 10:30 in the morning were of a most interesting character and we hope to make an extended mention of this cl ss and what has been accomplished in that line of work in the June number. The beautiful reception given the nurses by their Instructor Dr. Margaret Roberts at her fine residence the same evening to which some of her friends and patrons of the nurse work were invited, will also be fittingly prepared for the paper. GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. EDITORIAL NOTES. The very large and magnificent afternoon reception given at the handsome home of Dr. and Mrs. C. F. Wilcox on Saturday, May 13, at 2 p. m. when so much was done to give pleasure to the limited guests must also be mentioned in June, it was a very delightful affair. D. R. meeting on April 19th in commemoration of the Battle oi Lexington and the regular meeting on May 16th, the last of the season before adjourning for trie summer, with the exception of the annual meeting to be held June 10, for the election of officers for the ensuing year will appear in the next number of the paper. Last of these interesting affairs was the ninetieth anniversary of Elder Nathan Tanner, veteran of Zion's camp, the celebration was given at the borne of lion. F, S, Rich. I The General Conference of the Relief Society convened in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this city on Wednesday. April 5, 1905, commencing at 10 a. m.. President Bathsheba W. Smith presiding. The handsome new Relief Society banner was hung conspicuously on the organ, and ad ded much to the appearance of the background of the stand, which was ornamented with potted palms and plants. Meeting opened with congregational singing, "Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation." Prayer by Sister Susan Grant, singing, "O ye mountains high," etc. President B. W. Smith made the address of welcome, expressed herself pleased to see so many present at the morning session, and would like to take them all by the hand and hear from each one, bnt knew there would not be time; she always rtjoiced to meet with the Relief Society, and prayed that the Lord would give His Spirit to those assembled that they might be happy together, and if any one had not a testimony of the truth, that they might receive one; above all she desired we might keep the faith, and we must have true love for each other, said "I bless you, my sisters, with all the power and authority I have, and may we all keep the faith and be saved in the celestial kingdom." Roll call by the secretary. Counselor Annie T. Hyde introduced President Susannah T. Booth, of Box Elder Stake, who made a concise report of the condition of the Society there, giving in detail a financial statement, and also spoke of the activity of the sisters in that locality. Counselor Hyde then introduced President Lucy S. Cardon, of Cache Stake, who followed in a similar strain, reporting briefly the temporal and spiritual conditions. President Susan Grant, of Davis Stake, was next introduced, and gave substantially the same sort of report. President Nellie C. Parkinson, of Hyrum Stake, introduced. Sister Parkinson spoke of the wheat stored up and of the lectures given to young mothers, the progress made and her hopes of the future. President Mary E.Sorenson, Emery Stake, reported seven granaries and five Relief Society halls owned by the Society, other things most encouraging. Counselor H. Huldah Larsoa gave an equally good report of Jordan Stake. Kanab Stake, reported by the secretary, 