WOMAN'S members present. Minutes of morning session of conference held Nov. 26, 1904 He said, 'Geo- A. got the right stick when he got her.' I was so pleased to think he was satisfied with his cousin's furnished by the Cleveland choir was excellent. There was an officers' meeting held during the noon hour, where the sisters asked questions relating to relief society work, which were all answered by the visiting sisters from the General Board. The conference was a decided success in every way. The weather was pleasant, and the Cleveland sisters were very sociable and hospitable and entertained their visiting friends royally. EXPONENT - approved. Pres. Louisa B. Benson reported the Stake as being in a satisfactory condition Said the sisters were laboring earnestly to care for the aged and sick, and that the officers were much encouraged. Statistical and financial report read and approved. General and Stake officers unanimously sustained, with the following changes in the Stake board. Elsie B. Alder, Sec. and Treas. having moved away, was honorably released with a vote of thanks. Phebe A. M. McNeil was sustained as Sec. Linda N. Benson as recording Sec. and Jennie W. Rallison as Treas. Lucy Cutler sang "God bless my kind old Mother." The following branches were reported Cedarville, Preston 1st Ward, Fairview, Dayton and Preston 2nd Ward. choice. "I always went to meeting- I always do now. I hardly ever miss a Sab- bath When I had my endowments Brother Joseph was there. Sister Emma talked to us a good deal on the subject of plural wivesI believe that was as true as any principle the Prophet taught, and I believe it yet, but for the time it is taken away from us. I don't think the Prophet or any of our leaders ever taught us anything wrong. I have always been pleased that I had my endowments when the Prophet lived- He taught us the true I never like to hear a order of prayer. sermon without hearing something of the Prophet, for he gave us everything, every order of the priesthood, and when he was taken away we had Brigham Young-Manhad a testimony, a strong testiI remember when the mony of himProphet wanted to get rid of Sidney - - Maria Allen, Secretary. PIONEER STAKE. The Pioneer Stake Relief Society held its first annual conference June 9th, 1905, Sister Annie Wells Cannon presiding-Theleven wards of the stake were all represented and the remaining session was devoted to reports given by the president or counselors, and remarks were made by Stake Counselors Lucy Smith Acomb and Rebecca H.Pettit, after which Pres- Wm. McLachlan gave some very Rigdon as a counselor, how Hyrum, his good advice to the sisters about their brother, plead for him and Joseph kept work. although he was ambitious and not At noon the stake officers served a him, trueI would like to haye every one luncheon for the presidents and guests. read the The plates Book of MormonThe guests were President McLachlan are in safe some and day we will keeping and wife, President BathshebaW. Smith, have the rest of it it is a true record, Sisters Emmeline B. Wells, Annie we can see how faithful we should be not Ida Smoot Dusenbury, Phebe I don't to lose our faith in the GospelMargaret Romney, Rebecca E. know all to more to have say only any Little and Carrie S. Thomas. faith in Joseph and his successors to the The afternoon session was exceedingly time- I have the book of the Reinteresting, all the visitors making excel- present lief Society Sister Eliza kept, and I am lent remarks pertaining to the work of proud of it- We were taught in our the Relief Society. Sister Hyde spoke very first Relief to look after the particularly about the Relief Society em- morals of the Society to be good to sisters, young ployment bureau and the care of young the poor and I we did think and needy women who come to the city for work. so to we The were and the good poor. Sister Dusenberry spoke very interest- sisters flocked to our every meetings ingly about children and the mothers' week, and the Prophet Joseph met with Sister Beatie dwelt upon the work. us as long as he could. When he was in nurse work and the great good the Relief trouble the sisters got up a petition to the Society has accomplished in that line, governor of the state for him and he was Sister Wells dwelt upon the duties of the most said he had given the He officers, talked reminiscently of Relief sistersgrateful. could admininstructions that Society work in the past and gave most ister to the sick and hethey wanted to make interesting information of our present us, as the women were in Paul's day, "A work. The other sisters also spoke interof priestesses." estingly of our labors in a general way, kingdom have We the ceremony in our endowbut as we desire to give as far as possible ments Amenas taughtJoseph the remarks of our honored and much Sister Cannon there were not regretted beloved President Bathsheba W. Smith more as had a great we have present, we have curtailed the report of the other feastvisitors for our Thanked spiritual addresses on account of space. Sister the and beautiful encouraging many Smith spoke twice, first at the beginning saidadhad Conference things they and then at the close of the afternoon Dec. until after singing, 9, 1905, session and her remarks were listened to journed with rapt attention and much appre- ''We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet. ciated by the sisters and brethren pres- Benediction by SisterL-Pettit Clara Clawson, Sec ent. TemSmith said left she had the Sister ONEIDA STAKE. This was unple to be with us today. usual, but she looked forward with pleasMorning Session. The Annual ConInstructed mothers ference of the Relief Society of Oneida ure to this meetingto bring up their children with a knowl- Stake convened in the Academy, June 3, edge of the Gospel; study the Book of 1905. Pres. Louisa B Benson presiding. Mormon and the Doctrine and Covenants. Present on the stand: five members of Prayed that every sister might be blessed the Stake Board, Clarissa S. Williams of in Relief Society work, and that the Spir- the General Officers, and Elizabeth S. it of the Lord might always be with us. Wilcox a Relief Society missionary from Amen. Salt Lake City, Counselor Jos, S. Geddes. At the close of our conference she ad- and High Counselor Jno. E. Dalley and dressed us again as follows: R. McNeil. James "I never forgot the testimony I re"Come let us anew" etc. Singing ceived when I saw the Prophet, I knew Prayer, James R. McNeil. Singing he was looking at me and I never forgot "How firm a foundation" etc. Roll called. it, because I knew I was a good girl- Fifteen wards represented ninety-nin- e - e y Clarissa S- Williams said, "Work diligently and the Lord will hless you. Our Pres. Bathsheba W. Smith sends love and greeting. We are pleased with your reports. We appreciate your efforts to attend your meetings, spoke in regard to fairs. Suggested that the sisters make childrens clothing and keep articles for sale, it will be renumerative and perhaps interest some who are negligent and careless; as mothers our first duty is to our - - - - - children. Reports continued: Oxford, Clifton, Franklin, Preston 3rd Ward, Weston and - Mink Creek. Counselor Jos. S. Geddes said "The Lord is bringing to pass his purposes in - - - the earth. Encourage your husbands and sons in the performance of duty. Singing "O Jesus the giver" etc. Ben-dictiBro. Jno. E. Dalley. Afternoon Session: Singing "High on the Mountain tops" etc Prayer, Bishop Hugh S- Geddes. Singing "0 ye mountains high" etc. Minutes of afternoon session of previous conference apon - proved-" The branches reported-Whitn- ey, Preston 4th Ward, Glendale and RiverdaleSummary of all reports. The branches throughout the Stake in good condition; Mother's work successful in all excepting two places; poor, sick, aad aged well cared for; grain being stored in all wards. Sisters Lucy Cutler and Florence Hadlock sang a duet'Only Remembered." Sister Wilcox spoke of nobility of work in caring for the unfortunate. The introduction of Mother's Work in a systematic way proving a great blessing to all. Those who attend duties in R. S. Work are strengthened for daily labor, find joy and energy, their attendants; endorsed Sister Williams suggestion of having ready made clothing on hand. Piano Solo, Sister Eva Johnson. Elder Wm. Preston of Weston Ward spoke of the blessing the Relief Society is to Bishops, Asked all to become active workers, thought we were a blessed people. Spoke of means and energy expended in preaching the Gospel to all. Clarissa S. Williams encouraged all in daily labors. Spoke of the power of kind words and trouble caused by harsh ones. Said no one should accept a duty she could not or would not fulfill. Encouraged following - - - - - - - 1 