WOMAN'S EXPONENT 2 She was ever near to bless us, Ever ready to impart Love and kindness, hope and courage, To the troubled, aching heart. But we feel she's with the ransomed, Worthy of a crown most rare, May we follow her example That we some day may meet her there. Nancy M. Ashby, Pres., Emily McKee, Sec. Holden. charity, and hath encouraged us in all that is best and noblestThy fourscore years and three hath touched thee but lightly with the finger of age. Time hath whitened thine hair but not dimmed the lustre of thine eye, - hath not deadened thine intellect nor cowed thy spirit; but thy years are ripe with the experience that brightens and purifies. Thy days have been filled with RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. good deeds, "and thou hast earned the Whereas.our Father in heaven in His infinite crown of glory which God hath promised wisdom has seen fii to take from our midst one of to the faithful. our esteemed sisters, Lilian Broberg, a beloved Mary E- Shepherd Ashworth. daughter of Sister Joanna Broberg, one of the efficient officers of the 17th Ward Relief Society, and Provo, Fourth Ward. ward whereas in the demise of Sister Lilian the had lost a lovely young woman and a faithful Latter-daSaint, therefore be it Resoived, that we the members of the 17th Ward Relief Society extend our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved family in their hour of sorrow. That we ever cherish the memory of our deceased sister and regard her virtues as worthy of ments, (b) Enjoy the society of your (d) Parents children as time passes, should share their children's amusements, (e) Extend sympathy in childish troubles.) Lesson XI (a) Evils of backbiting to ourselves and our neighbors, (b) Bring and enhomes to our children wayward in Parents (c) making courage them, promises to children should make their word as good as their bond. Lesson XII. (a) Family devotion, (b) Reverence for the Sabbath day by the (c) Reverence for the Priestfamilyhood in the family. Mamie 0. Holieman. - y RELIEF SOCIETY, SEATTLE, WASHING- TON. Minutes of the organization of the Seattle Branch Relief Society, convened The meeting was held at the residence of C. H. Fritsche, with C. H. Fritsche presiding. L. Y. Opening song, "We thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet." Prayer was offered by Elder E. W. Johnson; continued by singing "Guide us, O Thou gieat Jehovah." Opening address by Brother C. H. Fritsche. Officers elected for the Society were as President Sister Estella Milligan; Counselors Sisters Christine Peterson and Agnes Fritsche; Secretary and Treasurer Eva Kinder; Assistant Secretary and Treasurer Cora Hawley. Remarks were made by the sisters and brothers concerning the Relief work. Donations to the Society for the purpose of buying books and other things necessary amounted to A business meeting was held May 9, to elect teachers and attend to other business matters pertaining to the was brought to a close by singing "How firm a foundation." 'Benediction was pronounced by Elder J. . $4-50- . Society-Meetin- Merrill, stake. and came to Utah in 1850, 1863, with her She was a woman of much faith and charity, being left a widow for 35 years, she was in deep sympathy with the widows and fatherless, had always kind word to speak to all she met, and imparted her substance to those in need. She had indeed overcome the things of earth and her only desire for means was to help others She was called to the bedside of nearly all the sick, her gentle touch would soothe the aches and piins; her willingness to do good was one of her many virtues. Sister Bennett acted as counselor to the president of the Relief Society in Utah for 25 years, the offlee of which she held at the time of her death. We so miss her in all our associations and gatherings, as her sweet face was always theie to encourage us in well doing. Much could be said of the good Mother Bennett did, and the counsel and enconragement she gave, But we feel her mission was completed and the Father called her with the greeting, "Well done, my handm-iidenthy labor has been accepted, enter into my kingdom " Mother Bennett, how we miss her When grief and sorrow come our way. Or when in need of her wise counsel To give us courage day by day. - Hol-de- , n, Assisting the Poor. is more blessed to give than to receive" "Whoso stoppeth his ears at the cry of the poor he also shall cry himself, but shall not be heard;" Prov, 21. 13. "It Lesson I. (a) The foundation of the Home- (b) Training and education of - the boy and girl by the parents, prepara(c) tory for further home building. Choice of companions and associations before marriage(e) (d) Marriage. law. divine a The (f) right Marriage place to marry. - II (a) Unity and love in the (b) Reverence in the home, (c) (a) Providing labor, (b) Providing social pleasures for the poor, the widows and orphans. No. 3. Reverence for the Aged. (b) Light(a) Supplying their needs, (c) their labors, Cheering their ening home, Confidence between husband and wife. lives. Lesson HI. (a) Order and system in the home- - (b) Economy of time and is the secret sympathy, the silver link, the silken tie, which heart to heart and mind to mind, in body and in soul combined." means in the home, (c) Cleanliness and care of personal appearance in the home. Lesson IV. (a) Beautifying the home inside and out. (b) Adornment of dining room and table, (c) Acquire a taste and habit of making that which we possess inIN MEMORIAM. to useful ornamentation for the home. Jane R". Bennett, who recently passed awa3T,was Suggestions from members how this born in Shottan, near Howarden, Flintshire. North ' can best be done. She embraeed the Gospel Wales, June 22, 1824. Dec. Deer's of kindness, done in love, Diamonds are in settings rare; In the realms of bliss above, These the gems the blessed wear. No 2. Our Home. Lesson Visiting the Sick. (a) Effect of cheerful company in the sick room, (b) Suitable offerings; refreshments; flowers, etc. MOTHER'S WORK PAROWAN i. Sec. Eva Kinder, Secretary. faithful husband and her children. LECTURE I. emulation. That a copy of these resolutions be presented to Brother and Sister Broberg and one be placed on the records of the 17th Ward Relief Society. Fidelia Jacobs, Pres., May 2, 1905. follows; ST. JOHNS STAKE. Lesson 'It Proper Care of the Dead. (a) Clothing, (b) Washing and dress(c) Properly laying away. ing body, No. 4 No. 5 "Words of love from hearts sincere, In this world of care and woe, Are like springs in deserts drear. Giving life where'er they flow.',' Inmates of the home, (a) Family organization, (b) The father, his authority, position and rights- (c) The mother, her authority, position and ence." rights. No. 6. V. - Lesson Encouraging the Downcast. VI. (a) Forgiveness in the home, (b) Charity for each other's im(c) Self controlperfections, - Lesson VII. (aj Self denial, consolation and hope, (c) (b) Grief, Cheerfulness and kindness. Lesson VIII (Hospitality, (c) Social (c) Domestic amusements. duties, Lesson IX. (a) Care and respect for the aged, (b) Sickness an opportunity for training children to love and usefulness, (c) Gratitude and appreciation. Lesson X. (a) Domestic manners, (b) Provide our children with amuse (a) Showing the goodness of God. (b) Teach that "Hope is the gem of exist- Intellectual Moral and Religious Culture of Women. "We are saved no faster than we gain knowledge, for knowledge is power." LECTURE II. Marriage and its Advantages. "Domestic happiness, thou only bliss, Of Paradise that hath survived the fall." Ref. Gen. 1: 27; Doc, and Cov. Sec. 49: 15, 16; Gen. 2; 18; I Cor. H: 11, "Oh grant mv pravers and let me go Thy toils to share, thy path to smooth, Is there a want, a wish, a woe Which wedded love can fail to soothe?" 