WOMAN'S EXPONENT 5o manifest unto me the truth, I accordingly spent 111 an j7 hours each day in my chamber searching the scriptures, and asking in earnest prayer, that it this was the work of God, I might know it for myself, I had been thus employed when I arose from my knees and opened my Bible to the fiftieth Psalm fifth verse wv.ich reads, "Gather my Saints together unto me, those who have made a covenant with me by sacrifice." These words were accompanied with the Spirit of God to that degree that my heart njoiced, and I knew for myself that thh was indted the work of God. I was then rtady for baptism, I was v.i ling even anxious to leave my pleasant home where I had spent so many happy days an J gather with the Saints ot God. This rejoiced the heart of my dear mother for she being a true Israelite believed the work from the first. We accordingly went forth and were baptized on the 30th day of June, 1838, by Elder Joseph Ball, and trom that day to this September 24, 1904, I have never for one moment doubted this work, or regretted the sacrifice (if it can be called a sacrifice) oi I would here leaving friends and home remark that Deacon Haven one of the pillars of the Church to which we with several others were baptized at the same time we were some having left previously, so exasperated our Pastor the Rev. Mr. Storrs that he became very bitter agaimt us, he called a Church meeting. to deal wish us; as we had made a request to leave the Church; as I said some had been baptized without the knowledge of the Church, and I thought it was very wrong in them to leave without giving their re a sons for so doing, and I made the remark if I ever joined that sect (which I thought I never should), I would give my reasons for leaving and stating why, so after I was baptized I wrote a whole sheet of foolscap paper giving my reasons for leaving also my belief, and requested Mr. Storrs to read it in the Church meeting, which he complied with but in such a mumbling way it could be hardly understood, (however I fulfilled my promise) Deacon Haven arose in their meeting and gave his reasons for leaving the Church. This Deacon Haven is the father of Jesse Haven also father of A. P. Rockwood's first wife Sisters Palmer and Barlow and R. T. Burton's first wife, his leaving was a great loss to the Church and they felt it very sensibly. We bade adieu to friends and relatives leaving two sisters with their families and a brother behind, and four families of us started for Nauvoo in the spring of 1841. Our family consisted of my mother, two brothers, ray eldest sister and family and myself, eleven of us in ali. We arrived in Nauvoo-sometimin May, and moved ii.to a little log cabin, with one room, we found the people very poor, as they had been driven from their homes i Missouri mobs, and ah of their property destroyed; they had just commenced settling Nauvoo; our home was near the river close by Brother Rockwood's. The first Sabbath I went to meeting (it was held in a grove) I was an entire stranger and there was no one near me that I had ever seen before, there were several Elders on the stand, some of them had spoken, w hen the Prophet Joseph Smith arose, and commenced to s.peak, a fueling like electricity passed through my whole being, aud I knew for myself that he was a Prophet of God; my mother reje'etd that she had been permitted to gather with the Saints of God, but her stay with them was short, she took with the chills and fever, so prevalent in Nauvoo, and died the 1st day of August of the same year 1841, at the age of sixty-seveI was sick at the same time with chills and fever therefore unable to render her any assistance. On the 23rd of February I was nnrried to Win. Hyde, by Heber C. Kimball, and in March 31st of the sime year my brotLcr Isaac Bullard was married to Mary Ann Hyde, sister to my husband, and in October following, my husband and brother were called to goon a mission to Mass and New Hampshire. My brother fell Irom the staging of a barn he was building and injured his head, brain fever followed and he soon died, he was buried by the side of our dear mother, my husbanc went on his mission, was absent eight months, during which time our eldest daughter Jane Elizabeth was born; he returned in June ana in September following started on another mission to the state of Vermont, and was absent at the time of the martyrdom of Joseph and Hyrum Smith, he returned on the sixth of August in company with the twelve who were also absent at that time. The mourning there was in Nauvoo when the sad news reached ns, that our beloved Prophet and Patriarch had b en murdered in cold blood in Caithage Jail, while under the promised protection 0! the state, baffles all description; every heart was over flowing with sorrow and grief for the inhuman deed, and their innocent blood stained the floor of the jail and could not be washed off j J j j l In January, 1845, my husband star'ed on auother mission to Mississij pi and Alabama for the purpose of col'ecting tithing for the temple., also for the purpose of getting men to spend the summer in Nauvoo as the mob were con inually threatening us. My husband was gor.e this time two months and had goc d suceess. July 12th, 1845, a little daughter Angeline Frances, was born to December 23rd, we received our me. anointings in the temple, we were sealed in celestial marriage on the 19th of January, 1846, and on the 22nd we received further blessings, work commenced in the temple the 9th Dec . 1845 and ended about the 8th of Feb. 1846, my husband assisting in the work in the temple most of the time until it closed; in the winter and spring of 1846 the S lints were driven from Nauvoo, our beautiful city, made so by the arduous toil, privation and hardships of the Saints. We leit the city on the 18th of May, and arrived at Council Bluffs on the 12th of July, and on the 16th of the same month mv husband enlisted in the Mormon Battalion and on the 20th took up the line of march, leaving me with two small children; and fn a delicate slate of health living in a wagon in an Indian country. Late in the fall my husband's father and brother Rosel Hyde, had put up a log cabin, one room each which we moved into father and mother Hyde occuping one room, and Rosel's family consisting of himself and wife with three children and my little fa m ily the other. On the 7th of Jan., 1847, Wm. Jun was born, Bro. Rosel and fannl were very kind to me also father and mother Hde did all they could for my comfort, My husband was absent one year and five months during which time he with the rest of the Battalion suffered very great hard-- ' ships and privations, traveling across barren deserts without water aud many times without food enough to barely sustain life; he arrived home on the 12U1 of Dec, 1847, with barely clothing enough on to be comfortable in summer time; on his return home he with others were obliged to eat worn out mules' flesh which they eagerly devoured; hey came to a deserted Indian village where they found rotted ears of corn which they sczed wi'h the eagerness of starving men. They cut leather from their saddles and boiled up, to keep body and soul together; when they anived home they were literally starved, and as my husband expressed himself had suffered much from cold, hunger, thiist aud fatigue. In the spring of 148, father Hyde and family started for the valley of Salt Lake, the twelve apostles and their families also journeyed at the same time. On the 23rd of Dec. 1S48, Mary Lucretia was born at Council Bluffs, Iowa. March 30th, 1849, Angeline Frances died, age 3 years and 8 months, she was buried at Council Point, Iowa, four miles from Kanes-villunder a lone tree, this affliction seemed almost more then I could endure; she was of a very loving and sweet disposition. In the spring of 1849 my husband and brother Rosel with their families started for Salt Lake valley. The companies were divided into one hundred, fifty and ten, Samuel Gully was captain of a fifty and died on the plains on the 4th cf July with the cholera, several others of the company died with she same disease. My husband came very near going the same way. I sat up with him many nights in my wagon, fearing every night to be his last; my husband was appointed to take brother Gully's place as captain cf fitty, Livingston aud Kincaid merchants, in Brother Gully's company rendered me every assistance in their power in my husband's sickness.furnjshing me with medicine and lights, they said they had lost one captain and didn't want to lose another; they had him ride in their carriage until he got stronger, Sister Betsy Aldred was with me, we traveled with ox teams. We anived in Salt Lake on the 22nd day of Sept., 1849, after being on the road between four and five months, after we arrived in Salt Lake (not much of a city then) my husband rented a room of Philo Johnston in the 17th waid and went into the store of Livingston and Kincaid, he afterwards built a small adobie house in the 14th ward; on the first of September, 1850, Sally Aid-re- d was sealed to my husband, and on the i6.hofOct. a little daughter was born to me, we called her Ellen Maria. We remained in the city a shoit time when my husband sold out, and we moved to Cottonwood about twelve miles from the city. Here we moved into a small house with 110 fl or, we remained here a short time, then obtained an adobe house with two rooms, where we remained some time, and where Sally's second child was born on the 5 h of July. 1852. (the first dying at birth) in the fall of 185 1. My husband was called to go on a mission to Australia. Ther he accomplished a but good work, owing to poor health returned in Oct. 1854, bringing over sixty saints whom he had brought i"to the Church; his health continuing to poorly, President Brigham Young advised him to move back to Salt Lake as he was not able to work on a farm; I wish to state that while my husband was on this mission we received great kindness from Bro. Albert Miles' family, Bro. Boyce's family, also Dr. Lee's and Milo Andrus, and in fact all the neighbors for which we felt very grateful; after moving back to Salt Lake we moved e, 