WOMAN'S all to read a little each day also to patronize the Woman's Exponent. All church works will broaden and strengthen the mind. Elizabeth Carver, Stake Pres. of Primary Association spoke of Primary work its nobility, and necessity. Encourage in this work. mother's of Zion in regard the Teaching daughters was also to marriage spoken of. Counselor Solomon H. Hale spoke of woman's sphere, also of girls marrying men who used tobacco, liquors, etc. LatterSaints make good husbands and -day on wives. Pres. Louisa B. Benson made a few closing remarks. Conference adjourn'e'd for six months. Singing "Our God we raise to Thee" etc Benediction Elder Chas. D. Gosland. Phebe BOX A. M. McNeil, Sec. ELDER STAKE. The Relief Society conference of the Box Elder Stake met in the Brigham City tabernacle, June 6, 1900. The morning meeting, President Susannah P. Booth presiding. Present besides stake Relief Society officers, were President Oleen N. Stohl and Counselor Horsley, General Board were Counselor Annie T. Hyde and Susan Grant. Singing, "Oh, ye mountains high." Opening prayer, President Oleen N. Stohl. Singing, "Ws thank Thee, O God. for a prophet." Minutes of previous forenoon conferenee read and approved. Roll called, all but five wards represented. President Booth felt pleased to meet us again in conference, said, "We will have an officers' meeting this morning. We are always pleased to have our sisters from Salt Lake to meet with us, as we were not all able to go to Salt Lake to Relief Society conference. We shall enjoy their presence and good counsel. Pres. A. C. Jensen, reported Mantua; Charlotte W. Boden reported the 2nd ward; Sister Sarah M. Fredal, president of Bear River City, reported; Sister Thompson, of El wood, reported; Sister Sophia Anderson reported Bothwell ward. Sister Mary E. Ward, president of Wil-larPresident Lydia E. reported. Watkins reported the Beaver ward, President Urania C. Nelson reported the Thatcher ward. All these sisters made excellent reports especially in reference to saving grain, caring for the needy and the mothers' work. The stastical report of the Box Elder Stake Relief Society was read by Secretary Annie J. Wixom. Sister Annie T. Hyde first counselor to President B. W, Smith, was pleased to meet with the sisters and to listen to the good reports, and spoke of the unity which existed amongst us, liked to hear of the spiritual feelings of the sisters, said we were like unto Christ, going about trying to do good, thought we could not appreciate the good the Relief Society was to us, said we ought to have missionaries appointed to visit strangers who come amongst us, to extend to them a helping hand, to make them feel at home. Spoke on her work in the bureau of information, how whenever she can she always tells of the Relief Society and the work accomplished, and said we had thousand women in. our society. d, thir-ly-thr- ee EXPONENT. We should use a kind influence in our families, and our homes to keep them toSaid a few words on the circugether. lar letter, which was read at our Stake conference, pertaining to the employment bureau. Spoke on the wheat proposition, said we should have a proper security on the loaning of our wheat, said a few words in reference to our mothers' work, said she hoped we were conducting it under the Relief Society, thought the stake board meeting should be held once a month, made a few remarks on conducting a bazaar. President Booth said a few closing words, meeting adjourned till 2 p. m. Singing, "Our God we raise to Thee. Benediction by Brother Crawford. 2 p. m. Singing, "Redeemer of etc. Israel," Opening prayer by Lucius A. Snow. Singing, "Earth with her ten thousand flowers," etc. Minutes of previous afternoon conference were read and accepted, roll called of associations not represented in the morning, three responding. Sophia Larson, president of East Garland, Sister Snow, of West Garland, re- ported. Rebecca Thorn, president of Perry, reported. Sister Susan Grant was very pleased to meet with us, had been edified and blessed in the instructions and listening to the reports. Felt it was a great privilege in mingling with the sisters in the different stakes, had been connected with the Relief Society for many years, Felt she could not give any more new instructions. But we met together to encourage one another, had been in the Church all her life and knew the Prophet Joseph, felt to testify that he was a prophet of God. Thought it was nice for younger sisters to take hold and help the older sisters in the Relief Society work. Felt that the sisters who did not get out to meetings needed spiritual food and the teachers would be the ones who could go and visit them, and thus get the spirit of that home; said, let us be broad in all things, we must attend to our duties if we want our children to attend their duty, "we can be guided by the Spirit of the Lord if we don't neglect our prayers." Related how her son was blessed while sick by administration. "Let us be faithful and true to every responsibility placed upon us." Said a few words in regard to the storing of grain. If we are alive to our duties the Lord will bless us. A duet entitled "Mother," was sung by Sisters Emma and Sadie Stohl, accompanied by Maud Sorensen. Sister Annie T. Hyde felt it quite a responsibility to speak to the mothers, but prayed the Lord to give her utterance that she might say something to the sisters to encourage them. Spoke of confidence in one another in our homes. Said the Lord has promised to bless us if we put our trust in him, knew that our fathers that have passed away to the other side are watching over us. Spoke a few words on criticism, said how careful we ought to be that our children might not hear coarse jests or anything that is not good for them. Took great pains in telling strangers about the purity of our young people. Gave many good instructions on the care of our children, encouraged the mothers to take part in the mothers' work. Said Sister Smith sent her love to all the sisters and wished them to be united. Had been interested in the reports given; and asked the blessings of the Lord upon all. Stake Counselor Lucius A. Snow had been pleased with the teachings given this afternoon. Wished the sisters to read one of the revelations in the Book of Doctrine and Covenants referring to the sick, wished we had faith enough to follow but the instructions given in that revelation, we must cultivate faith, he felt now that he could acknowledge the hand of God in everything that transpired around him. Asked the Lord to bless us with His Spirit. Pres. Susannah P. Booth was pleased to say that all the associations had been represented, if not in person byletter,as three of our associatsons were represented by letter, there being 21 associations in all. Thanked the sisters who had come to visit us, and who gave us such good inAsked the blessing of the structions. Lord upon all. Counselor Louisa E. Peters said a few words in regard to holding our meetings. Conference adjourned for six months. Singing "Come, come ye Saints." Benediction by Counselor Clem Horsely. Lettie Forsgren, Cor. Sec. NEBO STAKE. The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Nebo Stake convened in the at Payson, Second Ward meeting-hous- e at 10:30 o'clock, July 14, 1905, president Lilyus C. Page presiding. After the usual opening exercises the President welcomed the brethren and sisters and expressed her regret at not having visitors from the General Board present but felt that if they depended upon the Lord they would have a good time. Sister Elizabeth Wall of Santaquin reported the society of that ward in good condition. Sister Mary A. Price of Goshen reported the society of that ward; Palmyra Society by President Annie C. Holm; Sister Carrie Holt of Spanish Fork 1st ward was glad to report that society. People are good to donate and care for the poor. Sister Mary S. Zabriskie, Pres. of the society in Eureka, hoped to learn to love the people of Nebo Stake as they did those of the Juab Stake. We are laboring under great difficulties. Have a great many poor and try to help them in every way we can. Amanda Hansen of Payson 1st Ward sang, "For Sale, A Baby." Sister Forsey of Mammoth Ward felt proud to report the society of that ward, A sister reported the society of Silver City Ward, they are a very small ward have no teachers, but Pres. and Counselors visit once a month and try to help the poor. Sister Lula Erlandson of Payson First Ward gave a recitation. Bro. Jonathan S. Page, Pres. of Nebo Stake said it is the means of gaining strength to attend the Relief Society conference, related an inSister cident in missionary experience. Dixon requested all to stay and have lunch, meeting adjourned until 2 o'clock. Afternoon session meeting reconvened at 2 o'clock, Sister Lilyus C. Page presiding. Sister Martha D. Simons felt that it was 