WOMAN'S EXPONENT. address full of inspiration and love towards the Guest of Honor; a solo was beautifully 69 that her attention had been called in this direction (as counselor to Sister Williams). When a child she had gone to the Relief Society and helped to braid straw. Referred to Sister M. Isabella Home as an example for all women in the great work she had done, also some other sisters. Sister Alice K. Smith was glad to be in the Sevenseenth Ward; before she had not taken an active part, conditions of going to the meet ng were not favorable. Spoke very feelingly of the Bishops of the Nineteenth ward, especially Bishop James WatSister son, who was indeed a father. Smith expressed great emotion while speaking on account of the death of her beloved aunt, Amanda Kimball. Singing, Doxology; benediction by Sister Sarah E. Smith. sung by Sister Gwendolyn Lewis Little, 'If there's sunshine in your heart today." Sister Abbie H. Cowly read very sweetly the poem, "It is sweet to be remembered," n Counselor Sophia Y. Nuttall, in a few words, presented Sister Williams with a handsome and valuable book entitled "One Thousand and One Gems of Poetry and Songs," and spoke feelingly of the many gifts aud graces possessed by the late president, her modesty, honesty, loyalty and sincerity of purpose, etc. Sister Williams responded by telling the good things she really knew of her fellow-workein the ward, where she had presided seven years and had been secretary three years previously, spoke of their forbearance when she first took up the work, and how she had enjoyed being associated with them AUNT EM'S BIRTHDAY PARTY! in the duties of the society. The party given on February 28 (as Sister Elizabeth S. Wilcox, who had been there was no 29), 1905, the sisters of the secretary some years while Sister Williams General Relief Sooiety Board and missionpresided, was glad to see the familiar faces aries at the residence of Sister Phebe Young it was a perfect joy to her. She referred was a perfect success in every parBeatie, to Sister M. I. Home, and her so often ticular, as far as elaborate decorations.gifts, quoting scripture to the sisters, how she flowers and refreshments could make it. always enjoyed it. SisterRachel Folland exThe many intimate friends of the one pressed her love for Sister Williams, they whom met to honor were a joy had been girls together and always close and to they each other, and the choice sentifriends. ments of affection and friendship that were President Bathsheba W. Smith had given amounted to an ovation, to say the thought much while listening to the sisters' Beside delicate china, books and least remarks, she remembered when they had a flowers.dress patterns, gloves and handkerlittle girl born in the house, and thought there was an elegant satchel, and a the little girl had always been appreciated; chiefs, magnificent birthday cake surmounted said how happy she was when she (Sister with winged cupids and lettered, etc. The Williams) was made president of the stake. cake contained a gold ring, silver thimble, She knew all. these sisters, and many more and button (we may guess at its who were not here, was pleased with the money There were some songs by Sismeaning). remembrances made to Sister Williams. She ter C. Hull and Maria Winder at blessed all and asked the Lord to give them the Margaret of the exercises, and Miss Olea opening His Spirit and guidance. on the piano, this young accompanied Shipp Singing, "Too late! too late!" Band "The also played lady Expressions of love and esteem by Sister ner" while the gifts were being presented. E.B. Wells. Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde Alter wBrds Miss Shipp sang "Little Chilmade a very good talk on the work of dren Love the Savior," one of Sister Wells' the Relief Society and her desire for procompositions. gress and advancement. These good, goodly ladies assembled on Sister Hattie B. Harker said had she been this occasion in the hospitable home of Siscalled to labor as counselor with anyone ter Beatie all looked very glad and happy, except Sister Williams, she would have as well as beautfful, and the event was a shrunk from the responsibility, and referred sort of triumph to the donors; for there is to many pleasant visits made in the stake. more pleasure in giving than in receiving, Miss Afton Wright recited very daintily There were too many present to mention "My Mama's Precious Little Girl," and by name, but'suffice to say it was a fair for an encore the "Forget-me-not.- " Sister of "fair women." Marcia Hyde spoke of the early days in the company Sister Bathsheba W.Smith and Honorary ward, and her interest in the charity work. President M. Isabella Horne were present She had been a teacher in the society ten and spoke a few words of love and.greeting, years, and was glad of the experiences. was sincerely regretted that Presiand it Sister Williams felt she wanted to bedent Jane S. Richards was not well enough queathe some of her hopes and aspirations to attend the gathering. These three sisto the present officers. She had, while ters are veterans in the Relief Society and to remodel the in the Church; ambition an such president, they were members of the Relief Society house; dreamed as it were of in Nauvoo, although only Sister society doing something to the building. Referred Bathsheba Smith was present when it was to the money taken, and told what the orgauized. Sisters Horne and Richards Bishop's idea was in this regard, and made joined the society afterwaids. These womsome statements of her own calculations as en are historic characters. to how the improvements should be made. The harpstrings may be shattered, President Bathsheba W. Smith spoke And the rose leaves may be scattered, for briefly about the drawing of the plans But the memory remaineth; remodeling of the house, and how she had And the love that v e have cherished, looked forward to it. And the hope that we have nourished, The immortal soul retaineth. President Jacobs had felt blest with what had been said to those who were not members to encourage them; thought that Carmen Sylva, Queen of Roumania, who while she nad been counselor in Heber City seven years, they had helped the Bishop a has just celebrated her 60th birthday, opened a refuge for old people and invalids to comhundred dollars or more. Sister Georgiana Fox Young felt glad memorate the event. well-chose- rs to-h- Star-Spangle- er EDITORIAL NOTES. The regular monthly meeting of the Utah S, S. D. R. was held in room 508, Temple-to- n building, Feb. 16, 1905, Thursday, Mrs. Phebe Young Beatie in the chair. An excellent paper by Mrs. W. H. King, containing valuable information and a de- scription of Mount Vernon, the home of Mrs. Lucy Woodruff Smith Washington. read a paper on Martha Washington prepared by Mrs. Florence Scholes, now in New York City. Considerable business was transacted, and a good time enjoyed by those present. The March meeting of the D. R., Thursday 16th, inst, was a good one, the Regent, Mrs. Phebe Y. Beatie, in the chair. Mrs. Mary E- R. Webber, was also present, and as guest, her mother, Mrs. Charlotte F. Richards. After the transaction of miscellaneous business, and the election of Mrs. Florence S. Sears as delegate to the D. R. Convention to be held in South Carolina in May, 1905, the death of Mrs. Israel Evans, of Lehi, one of the D. R. members, was mentioned, and a Resolution pf condolence and sympathy to the family offered and a committee of two appointed to write and express the sense of the meeting in the great loss sustained by the Society and family, and the community in which she resided. The papers were Major Peter Schuyler, by Miss Catharine Wells, and General Montgomery, by Mrs. Mary A, H. Carmon, both interesting topics and excellently well given. The meeting was very enjoyable. Vice-Regen- t, - We have lately looked over carefully the book, "ichool and Fireside," by Professor Karl G. Maeser, who was for years connected with the schools of Utah, and later was General Superintendent of L. D. S. His varied experience in Church Schools. the wide field of scholastic education, and his broad views as a man of superior intel- lectual talents and ability, entitle his works to a high and conspicuous place in the literature of our own time, and make them of immense value to the student, whose aim is to excel in the best methods of instruction for a higher education and in all that pertains to a better and more useful life for the world of mankind. The extreme modesty of Prof, Maeser placed him almost at a disadvantage during his lifetime, but like many other men of great mental power he may yet beThe book come more highly appreciated. is for .sale, notice brief mentioned in this and the writer takes great pleasure in it as suitable for thf. homes and firesides of the Latter-daSaints, as well as for the Church schools. It contains an abundance of information carefully di-- . vided into subjects or topics, and one must necessarily, feel mind and thought enriched after the perusal of such choice reading matter. The spirit of the work is congenial to a true Latter-da- y Saint, and one feels and invigorated, as well as grown much wiser after feasting upon its contents. y ed We have received from the Neale Publishing Company, New York City, some books suggesting reviews or notices, and we feel quite willing to give favorable mention of the books received. "The Griffins," by Mary Stuart Young, of Savannah, Georgia, recommends itself in its dedication to a large number of patriotic American women. It is charmingly written, and its subject of the colonial times and treating 