WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 54 gin, it is pitiful to see the woruer who are so ignorant of the truth, she cm 'd not re1 peat ail she saw; stated tl.ey ad eo stiious difficulty, weie alv ay s treated with respect and kindness. Dr. Ellis R. Shipp. Sisters Carrie S. Thomas, Maiy A. C. Lsmbert and Pris-c- i 11a Smith i ach spcke a few minute s on the benefits of the Relief Seciety, and the blessing attending those who labored therein. President Ann Walker reported Blaek-fco- t Stake, the gcod work being done and the interest ttken in slcrirg grain. President Alviia E. Steele, Bingham Stake, she had gone up there nineteen ye;rs ago, when the country was new, reported it was a gcod grain country, she scarcely knew what could hae been done if they had not had the Relief reiety. President Celestia Y. Pack, Summit Stake gave a de finite report of the wa:ds in that locality, and the work done by the society, the sisters there had been studying the Women of the Bible and it had been quite satisfactory. Secretary E. B. Wells made announcements of meetings to be held, officers' meetings, Peace meeting, Woman's Council, Primary, etc. Choir sang "Only a beam of sunshine," conference adjourned for six months, closing prayer by Sister Mary T Smith. E. B. Wells, General Secretary. MUSTY LEAVES, BROWN WITH AGE. Continued from Jttnuary Number. In a few days loneliness and gloom set tied down upon the Windeyer home, A little mound in the churchyard was all that remained to the parents of the frail child so There was no word from Edbeloved, noue from his young wife and and ward, babe. Aunt Matilda stayed on to relieve Mrs. Windeyer of household caies and comfort her in her great affliction. Christmas was drawing nigh, and she realized how hard it would be for them all, remembering that joyful Christmas a quarter of a century ago when Edward was born. Mr. Windeyer plunged deep into business affairs, trying to drown his sorrow, but alas! that was impossible. Years went by, and but few changes came. Margaret lived on alone with the little Ru;h, who grew up a beautiful girl. Some letters had come from Edward, telling of adventures and extended voyages; but as he sailed from place to place, stopping only at seaport towns, the tender epistles of his laithful and devoted wife never reached him He began to despair, and at last concluded to write to his mother for news of his wife and child. The message never reached his wife, so unforgiving was this proud, haughty woman years afterwards, when little Ruth was grown to womanhood and Margaret had by her writing made for herself an honored name, though a fictitious one, Fanny Hil lier, ever faithful to the famiiy, learned that Edward was dead, and she determined to unravel the secret and see that justice was done to the wife and child. Thiough old Dr. Gray she heard that family trouble had wrought so upon the Squire that he had not been himself for some time previous to his demise Fanny succeeded in winning the confidence of Miss Gordon (Aunt Matilda), now about in her dotage, and learned the particulars, and felt in duty bound to carry the sad news to Margaret and Ruth, un- jof mysteries we cannot comprehend; but there are true hearts and noble souls, and pleasant as she knew it would be. Yet sorrow had chastened the younger Mrs you, dear Margaret, have proved one among she would a thousand." Windeyer, so that Fanny real-ze"Stay with me, Fanny, with me ai.d bear up bravely under this crushing blow. She had longed, and hoped, and waited Ruth; we need you most. You loved his I know it all now. It has come to through all the years that had come and father me little by little, as I have watched you gone tor the lover whose fidelity she had and thought of your unselfish devotion." trusted always. Her grandmother had Just then Ruth burst into the room, Ler been laid away in the grave, and her heme golden curls and fair brow, so like her father. was a lonely one; but she possessed a courhere. I age that had strenthened with her years, "Ob, how lovely! Aunt Fanny she of last that her brought night, and for Ruth's sake she must be cheerful. dreamed It was Christmas eve attain in Merton, us precious jewtls, so dazzling and brilliant and the usual festivities were in pi ogress. that our eyes were blinded with tears, and casVet of Fanny's sister, Carrie, came home with half when we opened them again, the a dozen children to see the folks, and there jewels held only pale ashes." ' It is tiue, my darling your dream' is was sure to be a happy paity, for Mrs. Hil-lieashes! Our to Ashes tine. jewels of love and hale and her husband were still to turned have and ashes, and memory heaity; and Janet Cousins, r.ow a widow, of 'Peace on instead us the-dinFanny brings today, was invited to join at Cliribtmas far his ashes to away your ner; and Lizzie her daughter, oi ce lady's Erth,' peace maid to Mrs. Windeyer, was invited too, father sleeps in fair Bombay." Ere another year bad rolled around, the with her crowd of liitle ones and husband Windeyer estate was settled, and Fanny, (she had married well), while Fanny still single, was the good genius and Margaret and Ruth sailed for India, and more than a mother to them all. It was on th'i next Ctnistmas day they km It toFanny to whom they came to unburden gether at Edward's grave, strew. ng it with their griefs and carts, and she had a kind flowers. "One day I searched an ancient cabinet word and comfcrt, a "balm cf Gilead," And foun a musty book I have it yet; for all her friends. felt now was Fanny A journal of the good year twt her opportunity to leave home and go to friend of mine: Kept by a the dear lonely Margaret and tell her the And from its leaves, grown brown with age, 1 take a sad story duty was always belore pleasure story and a single page. with this grand woman, lier mother pro"Wail! Wait! Love, I come, tested, and declared she had given her life Bless this dear day a sacrifice to the love that was flung back That brings from far away Bombay These words to thee I say, upon her so long ago. Fanny heeded cot the sarcasm, but started forthwith in a Wait, love, I come. In flowery, far away Bombay, night coach for Easton, arriving on the Died in December, twentieth day." Christmas eve. E. B W. As soon as the affectionate greetings were over, Margaret said, "My Ruth has had OBITUARY. strange forebodings and peculiar dreams. I hope your coming is in fulfillment. I feel It is painful to record the death of a dear friend at all times, but when one has lived out the full myself that something must be pending, time we cannot mourn as we would if the life and I dread any great change. My grand- were in its morning or noon day season. Sister ma's death, though sad for us, has left me Amanda Ellen Hollinghead Smith was born July independent, and I am goir.g to take a long 27th, 1838, was the daughter of Isaac and Mercy rest perhaps go out to India. I fancy Wilcox Hollinghead, but at the age of two weeks was given to Sister Dicy Perkins who was the only some way that Edward is there. Why do mother she ever knew, her own mother Laving you sigh surely no news of him, or you died at her birth. On July 29, 1S57. she was marwould have written?' Fanny knew not ried to William L. Smith of Farmington, Utah. In 1846 they were called as pioneers to settle in how to tell the story she had come to unthe fold. Margaret saw it instinctively in the to Muddy. Si.me years later they again returned Farmington, after this they moved to Idaho. expression of her countenance, and quickly On July 1st, 890, her husband was taken by death said, "Is the news you bring good or ili? which was a severe trial to her. She came with I can bear almost anything now, but for her children to Canada in 1893 enduring many hardships and trials, but still trusting in her Ruth, she is so happy." heavenly Father and remaining steadfast to the Trembling with suppressed excitement, principles she had embraced, she has been a member of this ward (Magrathj for two years. On Aug. Fanny answered, "I have a very important message. Ruth's grandfather is dead, 1st, 1903. she met with a fatal accident in disloand she is the only heir to Squire Winde-yer'- s cating herathip which caused her death in the Gait Hospital Lethbridge, Canada Sept. 21st, 1903. wealthhe died without a will." In her earlier days she was an active worker as Margaret could not speak at first, but teacher in the Relief Society. She was of great faith even to her last moments, and passed peacesoon collected her thoughts. fully awav. She is the mother of eight children, "The only heir, you say; then what of five sons and one daughter survive her. She has Edward?" she groaned aloud; "he cannot a number of and several be dead!" Her oldest son Jesse is now on a Eastern States. She was a kind "Yes, Margaret, he is dead, in far away mission to the Latter-daa true mother, Saint, and a good friend On Christmas eve, a year ago, Bombay. always. The funeral was held in the meeting and" buried him. So young to' die; they house at 2 p. m. Friday, Sept. 25th, 19(33. you still hoping on, and teaching Ruth to Resolved, tbat we the members of the Magrath Relief r Hil-lier- , I nty-nin- e. long-depart- 1 grand-childre- n, great-grand-childr- y love him!" ' O Fanny, I will not believe it until I have the pn.oi! My baby's lather dead, and we not know it so strong, ana we so frail. And I have waited for his coming through all these long, dreary years! How shall I tell Ruth? Tell me, Fanny, what shall I do?" "A sad Christmas, indeed, for you and darling Ruth; but life itself is sad, and full Society extend our heart felt to the family in this their hour of sorrow.sympathy That we ever cherish her memory and regard her virtues as worthy of emulation. That a' copy of this be presented to the bereaved family.one be placed on the record of the Relief Society and one be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. O Lord! responsive to thy call. In life or death whate'er befall. Our hopes for bliss on thee depend, Thou art our everlasting friend. Mary P. W. Fletcher. 