WOMAN'S BXPONKtfT the greatest pleasure of her life to be associated with the Saints of God. Said the Relief Society is one of the greatest organizations that have ever been organized. Sister Fannie B. Simons of Payson, 2nd ward society recited "Darkins Night." Stake Counselor Hyrum Lemons said the Relief Society is one of the greatest organizations we have, spoke on sustaining the Priesthood and those in authority over us in the various organizations. Song, ''Dora Dell" by three young girls from Payson, 2nd Ward. Sister Lydia Soefner just home from the mission field esteemed it a great privilege to be at a Relief Society conference, believed the Lord blesses the mothers in Zion, related a prophecy given by President Brigham Young regarding the mothers in Zion, thought it would be the greatest blessing to become a mother, had attended the Relief Society in the mission field, she rejoiced in the gospel more than anything else, its system is perfect and we should live it more strictly in our homes, prayed for the Lord to especially bless the mothers in Zion. Bro. Smith Tanner of the High Council felt pleased to be here. Spoke of mothers in Zion and molding the character of the young. Bishop Jesse S. Taylor of 2nd Ward of Payson felt very pleased with the remarks of the sisters and all who had takeD part, related some stories he had read also spoke of the Prophet Joseph Smith and fhe organization of the Relief Society, felt to ask the Lord to bless us all. Bishop Justin A. Loveless of Payson ist Ward could not be present at the morning session felt sorry, had enjoyed the conferences in the past. Spoke on the work of the Sisters of the Relief Society in caring for the poor and sick, compared them with the labors of the Savior. Prayed the Lord to bless all the Relief Society workers. Also spoke of the nurses class, Relief Society Bureau of imployment for young girls who go to Salt Lake City to work. cles, can see to thread her needles, and read fine print. Speeches were made and hymns were sung, and there was a bounteous supply of the good things of the earth to satisfy all who were present and make the occasion memorable. The guest of honor pronounced the blessing upon the food, her words were filled with inspiration. A short sketch of her life work and her devotion to her religion, mentioning some of the sacrifices she has made for the Gospel, was given by her daughter; this closed the happy meeting of a time long to be remembered, the guests vieing with each other in wishing the honored lady joy and peace as long as she remains in the flesh; these blessings only come from our heavenly Father through our obedience to His commandments. H.W. The Exponfnt extends loving congratulations to this dear lady whose life has beeu lengthened out and whose days are full of peace and gladness. MARY A. LIVERMORE. Continued.') "Mrs. Livermore was her were At mated. parents happily family prayers at night and morning her father always prayed, "Bless the united heads of this family." Mrs. Livermore read the Bible through every year from the age of seven until she was 23 years old, and remembered it so well that she was called, "The Family Concordance-- well-bor- n, " In her very early years she developed and before she was ten had written anniversary hymns and children's stories that were published. In her childish play she would conduct church services, sometimes arranging sticks of wood in the woodhouse to represent a congregation, and preach to them by the hour, till she was faint with emotion. Her father is quoted as saying "If that girl were only a boy I would DR. MARGARET C. ROBERTS ed- Number.) THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, Tribute to the memory of Sister Lorine O, Davis, who died June 15th, 1905. Sister Lorine is gone, those words brought sorrow to many hearts in the little town of Toquerville; Sister Davis was the wife of Philetus G. Davis, both were members of this ward. Sister Davis was visiting her daughter Mrs. Lyman Dodge, of Silver City, Utah, had been from home only a short week when the sad "news came of her death, funeral services were held at Silver City, her casket which was beautiful was covered wita hot house flowers presented by her m2ny friends. The body reached her home here on Sunday morning June 18th where a large congregation assembled to pay their last tribute of respect to the departed: The speakers were; Counselor H. Naegle. Elder W. H. Slack, and Bishop Wm, A. Bringhurst and each spoke of the many good qualities of the deceased. Sister Davis was born in Groveland,Mass., May 15th, 1842. Was the daughter of the late Patriarch Samuel B. Hardy and wife of St George, and came with her parents in President Wilford Woodruff's Coi, to Utah in 1850. She was a member of the Relief Society and at the time of her death was a teacher and appraiser in the Society; she had been a member of the Ward choir for many years, she was the mother of 7 children, 4 of whom preceded her to the great beyond, three daughters with 17 grandchildren are left to mourn her loss; and the husband the companion of her married life is left alone to receive comfort in the thought, that in Christ all will die, so in Christ may all be made alive. Bro. Davis, await for time is short. Prepare to meet her in the land of peace and happiness. Be it Resolved, by the members of the Toquerville Relief Society, that we extend to the family of the deceased our sincere sympathy. Resolved further, that a copy of these resolutions together with the above tribute be printed in the Woman's Exponent, and a copy be sent to P. G. Davis at Silver City, Utah. R. J. .Spilsbury, Pres. E. W". Lamb, Sec. Obstetfies and Jfarstofl. Will commence her class in Obstetrics and Nursing on Monday, October 9, 1905. " 71 MEMORIAM. a gift for reading and composition, Sister Page said it is time to bring our ucate her for the ministry, she has it in conference to a close, thought we had had her-Her father did not foresee that she a good time today, thanked the choir and would yet speak to larger audiences than all who had taken part. The choir sang, could be reached from any single church, of we Hills bless the ''For the Strength on a and much greater variety of subjects Thee." Benediction, Alexander Cowan. are than usually given from the pulpit. Mary F. Brown, Sec. Mrs. Livermore as a child suffered much from the stern Calvinistic theories; the belief that the majority of mankind were destined to everlasting damnation HONOR TO A VETERAN WOMAN! cost her days and nights of tears. As Lucy Stone first studied Greek and Latin The Relief Society sisters of the Sandy to find out whether the texts on the subward gathered at the home of Sister Harjection of wives were correctly translated, riet. Wilson, in honor of her 92nd birth- so Mrs. Livermore first studied languages day, July 9. search into the correctness of passages to The heart of the aged veteran was on damnation. She finally demade to rejoice with the honors that cidedeternal in her own mind that this doctrine were bestowed upon her by those good was not taught in the Bible, and this gave friends and neighbors; her long life has her but it was long afterwards. been spent in usefulness and in activity; The peace, of death a dear sister about whose she still possessse every faculty of mind salvation doubts were expressed, brought and body, having retained her excellent her distress a crisis. to eyesight so long, never wearing specta (Continued in next R. K. IN Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. VE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE, and solicit your patronage. as much as possible for your money. We aim to give you TRY US For further information communicate with Dr. Roberts at 79 C Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. Telephone 2002. . Save Your Money! get a dollar, deposit it Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. And when you with Zion's Since the establishment of the bank have opened more than 41,191 savings accounts. we The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minor, to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from ODe dollar to five thousand, and compute said interest WRITE for any information desired. ' Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. No. 1 East Temple Street, Semi-annuall- y. 