EXPONENT WOMAN'S 36 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utti Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv-;re- d by mail, extra for postage one year. 2s cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel space one tune $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lark City, Utah. S'Cond-clas- ntered at the Post s matter. Office in salt Lake City, Utah, Salt Lake City, - ( tafi, as November, 1905 NOTICE TO STAKE SECRETARIESr The Stake secretaries of the Relief Society are reminded that the yearly reports are to be made for the year 1905, from January i, to December 31, and it will be a good thing to give notice to all the branches in the respective stakes so that there may be a full and complete record, noting all the changes in officers, new branches organized, condition of grain ctored as well as the amount on hand; number of buildings in the stake, owned by the Society, etc. Address B. General Secretary, Mrs. E. Wells, Templeton Building, Salt Lake City, Utah. THANKSGIVING THOUGHTS. Perhaps there has never been a more auspicious time to celebrate Thanksgiving than this present year of our Lord, The country is prosperous, as a 1905. whole, commerce, agriculture, education, all seem to indicate the season's height of material enjoyment of the good things of life; there is really no poverty comparatively speaking in this glorious land of liberty, those who are not able to provide for themselves are cared for in such generous ways, that on Thanksgiving day and indeed almost every other day, there is no lack of good food, suitable raiment and good cheer. The churches generally provide well for their own respective poorer members, and charitable and philanthropic societies throughout the land extend hospitality in the most appropriate ways to all without waiting to inquire into all the details of individual lives. The Salvation Army supplies all the hosts that other people neglect, and great credit is due them for looking after and extending a helping hand to the poorer and neglected, and even the forsaken. Thanksgiving is a beautiful custom and one that promotes family reunions, and in bringing together socially those vho are related by kindred or friendly ties, cements the good fellowship which exists and lightens the burdens of everyday cares and vexations. The commingling the finer sentiments together calls of the heart, and the glad countenances evince the joy and pleasure felt in meeting at the festive board, even though the fare be ever so simple, because it is seasoned with heartfelt gratitude and thanksgiving to the Author of all blessings and f-- benefits. rth A song of praise wells up in every heart whether expressed outwardly or not; the very atmosphere of the home circle is filled with a realizing sense of the infinite goodness and mercy vouchsafed to all mankind. We cannot be too thankful for custom which has come this forefathers and our from us to down whose simple lives and habits in those early days of frugality and often scarcity, yet gave to us this blessed observance of rejoicing for one day in the harvest season, when the grain has been garnered and the fruits of the tree and vine been stored for the winter-timNo doubt the appetizing viands suggest good humor and story telling especially of the past, and this very cheerfulness favors digestion; and altogether the recollections awakened even of those who are gone to "a better land" are good for us all, and the new comers into the family circle help to banish regrets and to hold out inducements for future gatherings of a similar nature; and the soul is strengthened for higher purposes, and the way seems brighter (at least for the time) for we forget ourselves in thinking of others." Youth and age meet together, the baby and the grandmother, and the association not so much of effort to please, as the spontaneous enjoyment that comes from the inner springs of life, renews courage and gives another aspect to what is around and about us. Such occasions are really the true poetry time-honor- ed fore-mothe- rs, e. of life itself, for they fill a longing for expression, and even those who seem dull and silent are glad to hear the old songs, and to listen to the stories of past experiences, and actually find themselves interested. People get nearer to each other even if the feeling is unexpressed, and such gatherings are not forgotten, but come back to men and women "'From some odd corner of the mind," with vivid appreciation long years after, and call up the tender ties that bound them in the shadowy past. EDITORIAL NOTES. The Daughters of the Revolution State Society held the November meeting on the 16th inst. at the home of the ChapThe lain, Mrs. Phebe Young Beatiemeeting was a sort of Thanksgiving festival and was very enjoyableStars and Stripes, banners and bunting, with autumn leaves and chrysanthemums were deftly arranged and the long table laid with snowy linen, dainty china, handsome old silver and cut glass, and the most appetizing display of doughnuts and pumpkin pies, turkey, sweet potatoes and hot rolls, and a large pumpkin basket in. the centre filled with choice fruits. The ladies assembled did ample justice to the feast. The topics of the day were given at the table, Patrick Henry by Mrs. E. B. Wells, discussion on the subject followed in which Mrs. John D. Spencer furnished supplementary facts of great interest. Heath by the hostess was the other topic of the day, but in looking backward in years to come the Thanksgiving conversation and the dear ones present will be the memory that will linger, when the topics are - - old-fashion- Major-Gener- al A few old friends, mostly those of her girlhood were present bv invitation at the home of Sister Elizabeth J. Stevenson on the 28th of October. It was the anniver-versar- y of the day of her marriage fifty a century; the hostess wore half years, her "wedding gown." a lovely soft heliotrope silk; the rooms were fragrant with the perfume of roses and other flowers, and the congratulations of her friends were as sweet and wholesome as the beautiful roses and even more lasting, for these will be remembered when the last rose is faded and gone. It goes without saying that the delicacies prepared by this most hospitable hostess for the delectation of her guests were of the choicest and best, and so was the goodly company there assembled. After partaking of the refreshments, reminiscences of the past were indulged in and the absent ones tenderly alluded to with fond hopes of meeting them nevermore to be separated. Such occasions awaken the tenderest emotions and make life sweeter and better for the days that are commonplace, thanks to the gracious hostess whoever she may be, who adds one link more to the golden chain of heart to heart THE RELIEF SOCIETY. EXTRACTS FROM RECORDS. First organization of L. D. S. Relief Society, and instructions given by President Joseph Smith. By invitation of the President of the Church, a number of sisters convened in the Masonic Lodge room, on the 17th of March, 1842, President Joseph Smith, Elders John Taylor and Willard Richards were present. President Smith stated that the meeting was called for the purpose of making more complete the organization of the Church by organizing the women in the order of the Priesthood. John Taylor was called to the chair and Willard Richards acted as secretary. After singing and prayer, a vote was taken to know if all were satisfied with each sister present, and willing to acknowledge them in good fellowship and admit them to all the privileges of the institution about to be organized. All being satisfied, the names of those present were taken as follows: Emma Smith, Martha Knight, Elvira A. Coules, Sarah M. Cleveland, Phebe Ann Hawkes, Margaret A. Cook, Desde-mon- a Fulmer, Elizabeth Ann Whitney, Sarah M. Kimball, Elizabeth Jones, Leonora Taylor, Eliza R. Snow, Sophia Packard, Bathsheba W. Smith, Sophia Robinson, Philinda Herrick, Phebe M. Wheeler, Sophia R. Marks. President Smith then explained some of the duties that should devolve on members of the society, said they could provoke the brethren to good works, look after the needs of the poor, and perform charitable acts. Women must assist in correcting the morals and strengthening the virtues of the community. Said it is now in order for the sisters to elect a President to preside over the Society and let her choose two counselors to assist in the duties of her office. He would ordain them and let them preside just as the 