WOMAN'S EXPONENT. and approbation of their heavenly Father, they would be able to "spare the rod;" and also inculcate a greater spirit of love in the child's heart. Children should be taught to love God from the time they know what like and dislike mean, to love virtue for its own sake and not because they fear either their heavenly Father or their earthly parents. Is it not better to keep God's commandments because of love for Him than to keep them because we fear Him? God is a God of love, not hate. His is the spirit of meekness, gentleness, faith and love. This, then, is the spirit that should be inculcated in our children, or we shall never come to the perfection that Christ spoke of "loving our neighbor as ourselves." Also "loving our enemies and praying for those who despitefully use us." His, our Elder Brother's, life was an example of the divine love of the Father, who so loved the world that He gave long-sufferin- His Son to be a sacrifice for sin, that we might obtain eternal life. Let us teach the youth of Zion, not only to "fear God and keep his commandments," but to love Him and keep them; teaching them to look to the Most High as their Father in very deed one to whom they can carry all their trouble and He will love and help them; all sin, and He will listen; and if they will truly repent, will forgive and help them to travel the "straight and narrow way." A father to be feared when insulted! Yes. But rather to be loved. In raising our children thus, we shall increase, not destroy, that great power which should fill every human heart for all humanity, as well as for God, and one's own household; and thereby build up a universal brotherhood between the sons and daughwell-belov- ed ters of God- - MARY A. LIVERMORE. ( Concluded. ) About this time she was invited to go as governess to a family on a plantation in Virginia; and she says, "I determined to go and battle with myself alone and if I could not conquer the doubts and fears that overshadowed my life, I would like the camel, struggle mutely with the heaviest load, and, like the wolf die in silence." Her father disapproved of her going and said, "Do you know that you are running away from home like a boy?" But she went and stayed three years, there were on the estate between four and five hundred slaves, she came home to the North a radical Abolitionist. The next three years she taught a school of her own in Duxbury, Mass., it was in reality the high school of the town; meantime she was doing temperance work in various ways, and besides writing juvenile articles on the editorial staff of a temperance paper, she organized a Cold Water Army of 1500 boys and girls. While in Duxbury she strayed into a Universalist Church and was at once interested in the sermon, and was led ultimately through this young minister's teachings to become a Universalist. When she went home for vacation she told her old pastor and he said, "You will be marrying this young minister one of these days and bring down upon yourself the ostracism of your friends." In 1845 she married the very man, the Rev. Daniel Parker Livermore, she says, "I was surprised at the fury of the storm that burst upon me, friends forsook me, acquaintances ostracized me, I was disapproved for the church and my father was for a time inconsolable. My mother alone congratulated me on my marriage. The tastes, habits and aims of the young couple were similar and Mrs. Livermore drifted into literary work. She wrote hymns and songs and stories, sketches and poems for I'he Galaxy, Ladies Repository, New York Tribune and National Era, and two prize stories, one for a church publishing house which had a large circulation was republished in England and was translated into several languages, it elucidated a phase ot religious belief and was entitled "A Mental Trans- formation." It is impossible to tell in one short sketch of this great woman's life the work she has done along many lines, woman's rights temperance, and in benevolent and philanthopic anti-slaver- y, dren, and subordinated all demands upon of the Commission-ShAid Societies; Soldiers' organized to stimulate addresses delivered public of donations and money in the supplies of the Northcities principal towns and west; wrote letters by hundreds, personally and by amanuenses, and answered all that she received; wrote the circulars, bulletins and monthly reports of the Commission; made trips to the front with sinitary stores, and gave her personal attention to their distribution; brought back large numbers of invalid soldiers, and accompanied them, in person, or by proxy, to their homes; assisted to plan, originate and conduct colossal Sanitary Fairs, and wrote a history of them at their close; detailed women nurses for the hospitals, by order of Secretary Stanton, and accompanied them to their posts. The story of women's work during- the war has never been told, and can never be understood sive by those connected with it. It is hard for the younger generation to realize the vast amount that Mrs. Livermore accomplished by her immense abilities and indomitable power to work. The old soldiers adored her, and she was flooded with testimonials and souvenirs from She them, which she valued highly. cruof reminiscences her those published cial das in a large volume, of thrilling and graphic interest, entitled, "My Story of the War" (Hartford, Conn., 1888), which reached a sale of between fifty thousand and sixty thousand copies-- her time to those e - movements. In 1857, the Livermores joined a colony going out to Kansas, where they had a taste of frontier life, but finally decided to settle in Chicago, Mr. Livermore became editor and proprietor of a weekly paper and Mrs. Livermore was associate editor. For the next twelve years her She wrote for labors were Herculean. UINTAH STAKE. every department of the paper, and in her Minutes of 36th Relief Society Conferhusband's absence from home she had the entire establishment, paper, printing office ence of Uintah Stake of Zion held at Jenand publishing house; continued writing sen Ward Aug, 24, 1905. President Sarah for Eastern periodicals and for the Home M. Colton presiding, Pres. Colton in her for the Friendless and assisted in the es- opening remarks said the reason we tablishment of a Home for aged women are holding conference in the different and a Hospital for women and children wards is to get more acquainted with our and was actively identified with the city sisters and to give those that are not able charity. She was at this time her own to travel a chance to attend conference, housekeeper directing servants, supervis- she reported the Stake- in a fair way to ing the education and training of her progress. children and exercising a large hospitality. Recitation Sister Zina Dudley, Jensen In i860 at the first nomination of AbraWard, song Sister Eden Powell, Naples, ham Lincoln in the Chicago Wigwam, Reports from presidents Vernal and she was the only woman reporter assignNaples Wards, Lecture Sister Kate Cal-de- r, ed a place among more than a hundred Vernal, report in writing from Mt. men reporters-"- , Dell as it was too far tor them to attend. "The great uprising among men at the Essay written by Zola S. Calwell, Mt. opening of the civil war, in I86r, was Dell and read by the sec'y Phebe A. paralleled by a similar uprising among Merkley. Conference adjourned until 2 o'clock women, and in a few months there were hundreds of women's organizations formSinging, Now let us rejoice, Benediction, ed throughout the North, for the relief of Sister Sarah Pope. sick and wounded soldiers and the care Afternoon Session: Pres. Sarah of the soldiers' families. Mrs. Livermore presiding, singing and prayer and became the head and heart of a large other usual exercises. Sister A. K. Bartlett was pleased to part of this work. "Out of the chaos of benevolent efforts meet with the sisters once more. evolved by the times, the United States Sister Abigail Oakesread a lecture from Mrs. the Exponent then commented upon it. Sanitary Commission was born. Pres. Colton said we had, had a great Livermore, with her friend, Mrs- Jane C Hoge, had been identified with relief deal of good advice if we will only live work for the soldiers from the beginning, up to it, advised the mothers to do all and at the instance of Rev. Dr. Henry that was possible against the use of bad W. Bellows, President of the Commission, language. Next Conference to be held at Mt- Dell they were elected associate members of the United States Sanitary Commission closed with singing, benediction. with their headquarters in Chicago, and Sisters A. K. Bartlett, Abbie Goodrich, the two friends worked together till the Minnie Davis were chosen as assistants end of the war. Mrs. Livermore resigned in the Uintah Stake Relief Society at the all positions save that on her husband's last quarterly conference of the Stake. paper, secured a governess for her chil Phebe A. Merkley, Sec, " - - - 