WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 7o of "My Lord Fairfax" of Virginia, and also of many historic characters, both men and women, is positively delightful. The book gives one a good insight into London society of that period, more than a hundred years ago, and also of the Colonial people of America interesting. The pages are of instances of characteristic full is of also It and replete strategy. loyalty with vivid pen pictures of romantic scenes and adventures, treating of love and war. Altogether a safe and pleasing book for young people, and can scarcely be called e Christlight reading. It talks of and mas dinners in Virginia the South, and r of songs. "The Yellow Jasmine." This is a sweet, pretty Southern story, and though entirely different in tone and style from the Griffins, is far above the ordinary in language and sentiment. It is really an attractive little volume, and one may conscientiously recommend its .perusal. It shows Southern life in vivid realistic pen pictures. The moral tone of this story is healthful, and one need not be afraid of the tendency; the language is choice, and there is nothing to incite anything but the noblest feelings. It ought to sell well for public or private libraries. The Neale Publishing Company, New York arid Washington. old-tim- old-fashion- after-dinne- CEDAR CITY ITEMS. Editor Exponent: The sixty-thir- d anniversary of the organization of Relief Society was celebrated here in the usual manner with meeting at 2 o'clock at which a well rendered program was presented and appreciated by all presIn the evening a dance for old and ent. was enjoyed to its fullest extent and young a lunch was served in the course of the evening. On February 4th, at the business meeting, a reorganization of the Presidency of our Relief Society was made. The retiring President ana Counselors, Sisters Thorley, Armstrong and Jones, were desirous of being released, they having fillled the position for eight years, and faithfully performed all duties devolving upon them. Also the Secretary, Sister Violet Urie, having been appointed to preside over the Primary Association. Accordingly the following sisters were chosen: Relief Society Sister Amy Webster Leigh as President, with Sisters M. A. Heyborne and Maria Bullock, counselors; Sister Kate Ryan, Secretary, Sister M. A. Parry being retained as Treasurer. The retiring Presidency have worked faithfully, both lor the needy and for the benefit of the Society. Financially the organization is in good condition. The storing of grain for time of need is one of the main fea' ures that the Sisters feel interested in. We have upwards of 1000 bushels of wheat on hand at the present time and as the people have realized the benefit of it in the past a greater interest should be manifested in this undertaking in time of plenty. For the past few years there has been a scarcity in the yield to the farmers on account of drouth and last year on account of floods, but when we reap a more bounteous harvest it is hoped that we remember the time of need and help to increase our storage. We have a large granary in the course of construction, anticipating its completion by next harvest. . up-to-da- te The Mothers' Work commenced some time ago is greatly appreciated and it is quite encouraging to note the increase in attendance at the meetings. On the 22nd of February the teachers of the Society gave a very pleasant Social to the retiring Presidency at the home of Sister Thorley, presenting these Sisters with tokens of esteem, purchased by donations given by the teachers. Our teachers are a body of energetic workers and as a rule fulfill their duties in a very creditable manner. It has been a considerable length of time since any report of our Society has been sent for publication so that I take the present opportunity of doing so in connection with the report of celebration of annual anniversary. J. P. Mackelprang, Cor. Sec'y. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. PANGUITCH STAKE. Panguitch Stake Relief Society Coufer-ferenc- e convened at Panguitch, September 15, .1904, at 10 a. m. Commenced in the usual manner. Three wards were reported. Sister Priscilla Smith of Salt Lake City gave some very good instructions to the sLters. Brother Giles gave an instrumental selection. Sister Clawson of Salt Lake City spoke very good, giving good instructions. Stake President David Cameron spoke a short time and President Elizabeth De Long, and Counselor Hannah A.Crosby conference was then adjourned until 2 p. m. Benediction by Patriarch Joseph L. Hey wood. Conference reconvened at 2 p. in., commenced in the usual manner. Speakers in the afternoon being Sister Margaret H. Clark Sister Mary Houston, Bishop James B. Heywood and Sister Smith. Congregation sang a song, followed by the following speakers: Sister Clara L. Claw on, Sister Hannah I. Henrie, Sister Priscilla Smith, Brother James Houston and Prest. Elizabeth De Long. Conference was then adBenediction by Elder John S. journed. Crosby. Elizabeth De Long, President. UINTAH STAKE. Sister Ellis R. Shipp. one of the General Board from Salt Lake City, felt well to meet with the sisters and to hear the reports, knew if we would trust in the Lord He would bless us. Spoke of the mission that we are placed upon the earth to fulfill, we should be patient with our children, for the Lord was patient with us, if we would attend to our duties the Lord would bless us; urged each and every one to be prayerful; we were blessed above all people on earth, and we should follow the example of the Savior; asked the Lord to bless all. Sister Trinini made a few remarks. Brother Edward Longhurst felt well in meeting with the sisters; said this was the first time he had been able to speak since he had regained his speech. We should live as the missionaries do in the world; related some of his experience as a missionary; spoke of what a grand work the Relief Society had to do; bore a faithful testimony. President Sarah M. Colton made a few Conference adjourned closing remarks. until 2 o'clock. Afternoon session. President Sarah M. Colton said we had met to continue our conference; we should not leave work undone; told the sisters their duties in the Relief Society, and to observe the Sabbath day, we should not make excuses for not doing our duty tt at is placed upon us; bore a strong testimony. The names of the general and local offSome instructions icers were sustained. from the General Board were then read. Sister America Orser reported Jensen ward. Sister Rosetta Pearce reported Maeser ward. Sister Ellen Karren was pleased to meet with the sisters, it was the first time she had met with them since her husband's death. She felt lonely and had been away from home, and while gone did not have the privilege of going to meeting, for there was none where she was; said one does not know the difference until they are placed in such circumstances; urged the bisters to be careful about speaking lightly of the authoiity placed over them; we should store our minds with uselul knowledge so that when we go to visit the sick the Lord will bless us and also them. Sister Maud Partridge spoke of the evils that would lead to apostac'. Sister Ellis R. Shipp felt like endorsing what she had heard; told of the blessings we might receive in the Relief Society; spoke cf the time that the Prophet organized it and of the grand work that was placed upon woman; spoke of the power there was in prayer and of teaching the young, virtue and purity and of what a good name was worth, and for all to respect old age; asked the blessings of the Lord upon the assembly President Sarah M. Colton made a few remarks and spoke of Dr. Shipp's nurse class which she had been teaching, that it would be a blessing to us ail, and of the sisters gathering grain and taking care Morning session. Minutes of a Relief Society conference of Uintah Stake of Zion-helat Vernal September 17, 1904. Presi, dent Sarah M. Colton presiding. Opening exercises as usual. Three stake and seven ward officers present, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp of the General Board also present. President arah M. Colton was sorry there were so few present, but it was a busy time. Said we should call in the young mothers in the Mother's Work and help them raise theii families, for they are the ones that will have to carry on this work. Sister Hannah Odekirk reported Vernal ward. Sister Mary Jane Hardie reported Glines ward. of it. Nancy A. Colton felt glad to be able to Appointed next conference to be held at meet with the sisters, thought we could arMaeser ward, the date to be announced range our home duties so we could come to later. Benediction by Sister Singing. conference; if we would come we would be Flora Collett. blessed of the Lord and our work would be Addie Longhurst, Sec. easy. Spoke of the Savior, thought we should follow His example. ALPINE STAKE. Sister Addie Longhurst reported Naples The quarterly conference of the Relief ward. Sister Edna Cole reported MounSociety of Alpine stake was held at Ameritain Dell ward. can Fork Jan. 20, 1905, President Rebecca d 