WOMAN'S Home surroundings, (e) Healthful Cheerful conversation, (g) The food, (f) physical helped by the mental, (h) Do children inherit a tendei cy to lie and steal? i) Improvement for the race. (d) Lecture 8. A Infants, and the care of them, babe in the home, a wellspring of pleasure gift of God," A child the precious (a) Culture before birth, (b) Influence of mother on unborn, (c) Bathing of the infant, (d) How clothes should be fastened. (e) Cleaulinese and health, (f) Warmth a requisite, (g) Diet of an infant, (h) Mis- cellaneous suggestions. Lecture 9. Children and their diseases. (a) A happy nursery, (b) Terrifying stories, (c) Nurtured in love, (d) Be a child among your children, (e) How to spoil a good temper, (f) Teach by example, (g) Bathing of children, (h) Dress, (i) Evil effects of garters. (j) Nourishing food, (k) Vegetables rather than meat. (1) Simple remedy for croup, sore throat, measlts, mumps, worms and boils. Lecture 10. Accidents and their treatment. (a) Presence of mind in a fire or other accidents, (b) Treatment for a scald, (c) What to do in case of an accident to the (e) Sting of a bee. (d) Choking, eye. To remove (f) foreign bodies from the of a bruise, (h) Treatment stomach, (g) Treatment of a stunned child, (i) Poisons and their antidotes, (j) To make a bread poultice, (k) Taking count of the pulse. Lecture 11. The sick room. (b) Cut flowers (a) Perfect ventilation, for the sick room, (c) Calmness and (d) Sunny exposure, (e) Avoid (f) Clean bed linen, (g) Dedraughts, sirable qualities in a nurse, (h) Sunshiny disposition, (i) When to engage a nurse, (j) How to sweep the room of the sick. Lecture 12. Personal beauty. (a) Public appearance, (b) How to overcome imperfections of the body, (c) Influence of beauty and happiness, (d) Beautiful dress, (e) Expression and brilliancy of the eye. (f) Care of the teeth, (g) Care of the hair. (h) How to take care of the hands, (i) The body's greatest need. Maryette R. Waldron, Chairman. Emma S. Ciark, n, Anna EXPONENT always had a prayer in her heart and a kind word on her lips. She was greatly loved by all her many friends who admired her sterling qualities; but we know if we are faithful we shall meet her again in that beautiful home where sin and death cannot enter. We ask the blessings of the Lord on all those bereaved ores may He comfort their hearts in this hour of their separation. Be it resolved that we send a copy of these Resolutions to her mother, the Exponent and that a copy be spread upon the minutes of the Cowley Relief Society. Committee, Sarah M. Crosby, Alvilea Dickson, Claudia Ketchum, Sarah Partridge, Esther J. Morten sen. TO THE RELIEF SOCIETY SISTERS. When sickness and sorrow assail us, And hope's glowing embers burn dim; When we, for sweet comfort and yearning, Are offering our prayers unto Him Who feedeth the lambs on the hillside, And noteth the sparrows that fall, They come "In His Name," these dear sisters. With kindness and love for us all. When poverty looks in our window. And we hear the grim wolf at our door, These sisters send food tor our children, 'In His Name," are they blessed o'er and o'er. Who can tell all the good they accomplish, W hat blessings to lone ons they are? Their deeds are recorded in Heaven In their crowns will shine many a star. Myrtha Tonks, Mary J. Welch, Counselors. Your aims are most noble and pure; trying, Though your duties at times are The reward my dear sisters, is sure. Much praise to you all should be given, May God bless you ever and aye, And comfort when sorrows o'ertake you, While traversing life's thorny way. And when your great missions are ended, And you pass to the mansions above, Our Father's dear arms will enfold you. He will greet you with kindness and love. So sisters, press ernestly onward, The poor and the needy to bless, "In His name," still your motto naught hnman Can the worth of our deeds e'er express, When aged and worn you are nearing The end of the path you have trod, May the angels be waiting to greet you, And guide to the presence of God, - Annie Malin. Committee. MRS. GILMAN ON PURE AIR. Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Gilman contributes to the February number of the Springfield (Mass.) Good Housekeeping a pungent article on "The Home and the Hospital." She says in part: We despise the Hindu, dying of cholera for lack of sewerage. But we die at a rate Resolutions of respect to the memory of Sister to four for lack of ventilation. We one of Emma Welch who departed this life Jan. 24, 1905. fit seen has have the white plague steadily killing us Whereas the Lord in his Providence to call home one of his most earnest workers leavoff in our most valuable years, costing us ing to us the dear memory of a sister and a friend: one quarter of our lives, and billions of dolTherefore be it a loss it has been calcuResolved that we the members of the Relief lars annually; earnest our to entire annual export offer our symlated ward of the Cowley equal Society mother and trade. We die patiently of this, as our pathy and mourn with the husband, children. We appreciate the help she was in our ancestors died of the other, and fail to see ward as organist, and to our children as teacher and leader m their amusements, and an aid to the how swiftly we could end it if we would. Consumption; like typhoid fever, is a dirt Young Ladies as well as President of the Relief as Society, and we esteem her faithful labors to disease, but it is from dirt in the lungs. worthy of emulation by all. To know her was We have to learn to purify the air love her. from its body of dirt, as we cities of our Latter-dashe y Saint, A living example of a true IN MEMORIAM. have purified the streets of "surface drainage;" and, more directly, we have to learn not to poison it. In this part of the struggle sanitary science must penetrate that well nigh invincible fortress, the home, and teach it not to generate disease. Building laws come first; proper air space, sunlight, room for physical decency and health of the inhabitants. Here is the hospital, taking in the wreckage of the home, and teaching it how much cubic space a human being must have; how many cubic feet of air an hour, and what kind of clealiness is clean. Pure, white, sterilized and safe, with the inmates so guarded that even so guarded they do not further infect one another this is the extreme of human effort to allow nature free play in the struggle for health. Now what cannot the home learn of the hospital. It need not be full of sick folks. If all the homes were what they should be, we should need few hospitals. It need not be as coldly colorless, but beauty in household decoration can be obtained without our masses of dust generating cloth. A and house could be as lovely as a as smooth. It could have thrilling beauty of color and of line, pure, satisfying proportion, all manner of tender ornaments and decoration, and yet not a needless thing in it. And, above all, it could have pure air, as far as it own contribution went. While we allow our manufacturers to poison us g clouds of by wholesale with smoke and deadly gases, the home cannot be safe; but an intelligent spirit in onr homes would rise up against that wholesale outrage as the men of old rose against the poisoning of the wells. Meanwhile, the home could at least see to it that it did not do its own poisoning. Here sits the family around the evening lamp; all dutifully getting the light over the left shoulder, for the sake of their eyes. The lamp meanwhile is consuming as much oxygen as one of the family. The furnace is going merrily, and the wind howls outside. All is peaceful and serene, and no one complains until a boisterous son comes in from out of doors. "Huh!" he says rudely; "why don't you open a window?" "The window is ppen down in the dining room," replies his mother, severely; "you have just come in from outside, that's sea-shel- l, low-lyin- The Savior's example they follow, Their works with His teachings agree, "As you do to the least." said the Savior, "Just so you are doing to me. ' Keep on with your work, do not falter, S. Dickson, Lydia Rich, President. 63 all!" So he sits down in the family air and subtracts his portion of the remaining oxygen as peacefully as he can, contributing also his portion of used-u- p air, that grows fouler and fouler as it is breathed and by the group, and no one notices it. We need a cultivated taste in air as we have in music; a "trained nose," as well as a trained ear or eye. And we need a machine, an invention, a little scientific appliance, a thing like a thermometer small, pocketable, which the well bred could consult on occasion and say, "Dear me! The air has but eleven per cent of oxygen, and it's up to 86 with deleterious gas!" While we wait foi the inventor, let the home learn of the hospital, and" so escape it. A. place where people live all the time, as be to sanitary, as "antisepti-call- y quite ought a as place for sick folks. The clean," hospital elaborately shuts the door after the horse is stolen. Who stole it? ed 