Woman's Exponent. The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, JULY and AUGUST Vol. 34 CONTENTS. Address by President Jos. F. Smith R. S. Conference, Weber Stake R. S. Report, Alpine Stake E. B. Spencer An Indian Scare L. D. Alder The American Church, Berlin A Trip to Portland with the Press Club, L. B.C. R. S. Reports, Panguitch and Emery Stakes, 9 7 11 all the sisters and of the brethren who are assembled here in this meeting, and that will assemble here this afternoon, and that what is said may be said under the inspiration of the spirit of the Lord, also that what is done may be done 13 strictly with an eye single to the building 18 14 up of the Kingdom of God in the earth. Pioneer;and Oneida Stakes I feel that it is a great occasion to see so 15 Box Elder, and Nebo Stakes 16 Honor to a Veteran Woman many of the mothers and daughters of 16 In Memotiam Israel assembled together in one meetEditorial: Apology and Explanation A ing. I had no idea that I would see so Notable Anniversary A Day of Wonders 12 Editorial Notes many, but I am pleased to see you and A. W. Cannon 9 Poetry: The Pioneer pleased to meet with you, and as I said 11 The Dreamer Peddemoor Hall before, I hope that we will have a time of rejoicing together, that we will become THE PIONEER. better acquainted with each other, and that perchance the Lord will give to us, Written for Professor Charles Kent and sung some words of counsel, of inspiration, of til the celebration July 24, 1903. exhortation or of admonition, as the spirit may direct, that will be beneficial to us O'er prairies vast, And deserts drear. all, and that will help to lift up the There came a valiant band, spirits, put joy into the souls and courThrough moutnain pass, age into our hearts, and give us wisdom, And rivers clear, that we may be able to direct our lives Unto the promised land, in the channel of peace, of good will Unto the promised land, Oh praise. Oh praise his name, towards all mankind, and in the way Oh give, Oh give him fame, that will result in the greatest possible With courage bold, to ourselves and to' all those with good With heart of gold, whom we come in contact in our daily His deeds we do revere, Oh none so brave, walk in life. I look upon the Relief His life he gave, Society of the Church of Jesus Christ The bo'.d, the dauntless pioneer. of Latter-da- y Saints as one of the most important auxiliary organizations in the His hardship great. Church. I think it is one of the greatest And toil untold the Transformed desert wide, importance, and in which very many vital Now gardens fair, things, vital principles and vital necessiHomes rich and rare ties are involved the necessities of the Appear on every side, poor, the necessities of the weak, the Appear on every side: of the erring, and of those necessities Oh praise, Oh praise his name, Oh give, Oh give him fame, that lack understanding, and the testiWith courage bold. mony of the spirit of God in their hearts. With heart of gold, This organization is instituted and inHis deeds we do revere, tended for the correction of all these Oh none so brave. His life he gave imperfections, lacks and needs and the The bold, the dauntless pioneer. filling up of all the vacancies that may exist with perfect knowledge, perfect Annie Wells Cannon. Tune of "A Warrior Bold." understanding, perfect fidelity to duty, and to the performance of those great and good works that are necessary for these organizations to perform. ADDRESS BY PREST. JOSEPH F. SMITH. Now may the Lord bless you, my sisters and my brethren, and all that In the Relief Society Conference, mornto you; may peace dwell in your ing session, Ogden, June 6, 1905. and may the love of truth ever President Smith: "I trust that we were hearts, in burn souls, that you may be denot responsible for the lateness of the voted toyour cause of Zion, that you the train; we pushed on it as hard as we may be interested in this work in which could to get it here in time, but it are engaged, that you may sustain seemed to be a little leisurely about you your presiding officers, from first to last, coming, and we were compelled to abide and respect authority, the authority that its time for we could not get here before. the Lord has given, that He has instiI am glad, however, that we are here, A due regard and established. tuted and and that we have the privilege of seeing of the Church, authorities for the so many of the mothers and daughters of respectin the Relief both Society and all the Israel assembled as I see in this meeting, and in the various and I sincerely hope that this Conference auxiliary organizations of the of the will prove to be a very interesting one, and organizationsand in the quorums organizations of priesthood, I trust instructive, by the presence inthe stakes of Zion and the wards of spiration and influence of the good spirit the Church, in all these organizations of the Lord. It is through the spirit of a proper regard and a proper and wholeGod that we enjoy light, and that we are some for the authorities of the able to understand truth; therefore I Churchrespect is absolutely necessary to the enhope the spirit of God may take the joyment of a proper spirit on the part of presidency over the hearts and feelings o 1 xi per-taine- th No 1905. the 2-- 3 Saints. We cannot enjoy the right spirit in our hearts if we neglect to respect those things that God has done, and the organizations that He has instituted for the government and guidance of Latter-da- y His people. Now may the Lord bless you, I realize that it is late, and that it was not intended for me to say but a few words, and I therefore shall close, by asking the Lord, our Father, to bless you sisters, as mothers, as wives, as daughters, and as members of the Relief Society of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, and may He prosper you in all your labors, in your homes, in. your outgoings and incomings, and when you shall lie down and when you shall rise up; may peace dwell in your souls; may your hearts be lifted up, full of joy and thanksgiving to the Father, and may you realize to the fullest extent and in the fullest measure that you are indeed engaged in the work of salvation for the human family. This is my prayer,in the name of Jesus. Amen. ( Continued from page 8, AFTERNOON fine Number. ) SESSION. Sister Emmeline B. Wells: I feel as some of the sibters said, that it is too bad for us who are always talking to the Relief Society to take the time to day, when we have the brethren here, and especially when we have President Smith, I have been thinking while I have been sitting here, that all of you younger people will remember with as much joy and satisfaction that you shook hands with President Joseph F. Smith as I remember when I was very young of shaking hands with the Prophet Joseph. I can never forget it, nor the sensation that it gave me, that I felt as if I did not want anyone to speak to me; I felt it was such a sacred thing. Now I hope you children, all of you who have seen him here to day, and all of you who have shaken hands with him, will remember it with as much joy, because he stands in the same position with us as Joseph the Prophet did, although of course he is not The Prophet of this dispensation, not the first, but he is one of them and we know him well, feel very greatly honored whenever we are in his presence, or with him, and feel that we would like him to come into our homes, and I am sure you would feel glad that he came into this hall today. I look back and remember with a great deal of pleasure the day on which the organization of the Relief Society of the Weber Stake was effected, when President Young and others associated with him came and visited the Relief Society, when all the organizations were gathered together, the Relief .Society, and the Young Ladies associations, in the tabernacle. Of course President Shurtliff was there, although he was not the President then. And others here who remember that great occasion, and we had never thought of stake organizations of the Re- - 