EXPONENT WOMAN'S 12 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copy one ear, ii.oo; one copy six months 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv-?re- d by mail, extra for postage one year. 2s cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post matter. Office tn Salt Lake City, I tah, as Salt Lake City. Utah, July and August, APOLOGY AND EXPLANATION. 1905 John R. Winder were honored guests others. We were and about twenty-fivfirst ushered into the Devotional room where the students meet for morning prayer, and President Winder offered an eloquent prayer, from there we went to the large Auditorium where the students were assembled, the entire assemblage rising to their feet to welcome their President and guests, President Joseph F. Smith, President of the Faculty of the The exercises under the University. direction of Prof. Geo. H. Brimhall were altogether of an elevating nature, President Jos. F. Smith's address was especially brilliant and abounded in excellent testimonials of love, honor and esteem for the lady in whose honor the college The musical exercises had convened. under the direction of Prof. Anthon H. Lund were melodiously uplifting. After the morning exercises we repaired to the large and commodious hall of the Gymnasium, where an elaborate banquet was spread that had been prepared and was served by the class of Domestic Science. The afternoon in the Tabernacle and the reception in the evening were very delightful and surely Provo did herself proud in honoring the guest of the day and her e The editor feels an apology, and also an explanation is due to the patrons and subscribers of the paper on account of the lateness of this and other recent issues. We are frequently told that excuses are made for this by our sisters who travel as missionaries to those at a distance, on followers. the plea of "so much to do." The editor desires to say, that the real reason is a The evening of the second day of fesfinincial one. The matter rests with the agents and sisters who are interested tivities when the Hon. W. N. Williams in sustaining the paper as the organ of and his good wife entertained their "Aunt the Relief Society, to assist in collecting Bathsheba" and her friends was particPresident Joseph F. pleasant. money due and to procure new subscrip- ularly of Elect Lady in the the Smith spoke tions. It seems useless to reiterate what of and commendaterms praise has been so often said before that every highest said all other speakwe tion and Amen, President of a Relief Society is expected in words who were were there ers profuse to use her influence in its interest and to several of and and love esteem, brought appoint an agent in the Society where in tokens and appreciation precious gifts s le presides to canvass for the paper. We are very sorry, more than sorry of friendship and sisterly love. refreshments were served by grieved even for those who are prompt in theDelicious amiable daughters of the host and their payments, but we desire to say too was some fine singing by hostess there and trrat the Exponent is more than a newsladies a band of Juvenile boys and young paper, it is history, recording matters serenaded veteran sister with sweet the pertaining to woman's work in the music on outside. the Church, and it goes abroad to many lands The sisters of the General Board preand the islands of the sea. sented their beloved President with the new edition in large type of the Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants A NOTABLE ANNIVERSARY. the Secretary had the honor of saying a Notwithstanding the announcement few loving words for the Board when made in the May number of our paper, making the presentation. and the more elaborate notice in June of the birthday anniversary of our honored President of the Relief Society there A DAY OF WONDERS. still remains much to say and "The half can never be told," in this little paper, There are so many important events but we feel it is due to the University of transpiring nowadays, that one is at a Provo that did such great honor to Presi- loss to decide what material is best or of dent Bathsheba W. Smith to make more the most consequence . to write about. than a pas-inmention. Newspapers, journals and magazines are We do feel that the Professors, teach- filled to overflowing with the wonderful ers and students of that famous institudoings, inventions and discoveries of the tion were more than generous in the present day. Verily it is an age of wonovation given our beloved veteran sister ders and the fulfillment of prophecy. and mother in Israel, and that the I think one may be safe in saying that example they have set in thus showing there never was so much travel and traffic reverence to one of Zion's most cele- before as now, this present year will brated women, one of Utah's heroines mark in this respect more going to and fro will be a blessing and credit to that great in the earth, and wandering up and down University of learning. than there has ever been in the annals of A committee with carriages met the history. People are seeing everything in party at the station and escorted the en- the of scenery and countries, cities tire company to the University grounds and way towns are in this way becoming famwhere the ladies and gentlemen all were iliar to the masses even. Whether the most courteously received and welcomed. information gained will result in permanPresident Joseph F. Smith and President ent good remains with the future, but g seriously speaking, there must be greater enlightenment, and it cannot fai to be beneficial in some ways, in comparing notes and methods on various subjects and in the exercise of greater charity as one comes to know conditions, circumstances and environments. Yet withal there are many things to deplore, notwithstanding all the progress made, all the knowledge gained, yet nations still persist in fighting each other, and refusing negotiations of peace, therefore one cannot help thinking there is still much to be done before the dawn of the Millennial day. There certainly is in the outlook from our point of view a better prospect for uniting forces for any great than ever before, and this is hopeful. One of the good points made by President Roosevelt in his recent address to a delegation of Trades Unionists was, "You must remember that arbitration You must also considisn't everything. er conciliation." When the second Hague conference convenes, which will be called by President Roosevelt it is said, as soon as the Eastern war ends, the measures taken will not only extend the use of arbitration world-moveme- nt but consider the nature of conciliation. Another measure to be proposed is "The formation of a World's Advisory Congress composed of delegates of all the nations to meet every two or three years to consider international questions and .to international laws." is This a very large subject, but it is one of the most intense interest, and women have considered this question of internationalism ever since, if not before the great International Council of Women was organized in Washington in 1888. It is to the writer a very fascinating subject. Some women have grasped a few of the elements of this subject of internationalism, and many more might if they would give some attention to it. We are apt to talk of the betterment of the whole world, and we try to teach patriotism to the children iu the schools, and to the grown up people in the various organizations, and it don't require a very great degree of college education or learning to intermaster the subject of world-wid- e nationalism; a little geography, history, psychology, some every-dalogic and a desire for justice for all mankind would he necessary, to be sure, but the vast amount of good that has been accomplished already by the international societies among women proves what great results might come from similar movements of both men and women. The Peace and Arbitration International Congress is perhaps the best illustration we have to offer at the present time, and the Peace meetings held under the auspices of the National and International cil are helping to educate the people in this one important line of internationalism, and this spirit will eventually come to be a power for good against the evils that prevail in the world. rec-comme- nd y EDITORIAL NOTES. Mrs. Ida S. Dusenberry and Mrs. Phebe Y. Beatie returned some time since from their trip to Portland where they attended the N- A. W. S. A. Convention, and many of the entertainments given by the - 