WOMAN'S EXPONENT 40 Plan Work, was ably and interestingly given by Sister Lucinda C. Curtis, of Orangeville. A report of the Castle Gate society was given by President Elizabeth Young, who also gave some of her early experiences in the Church. President Henry G. Mathis spoke of Relief society work in general and the good that is being done by the same. Singing, "Praise to the Man who ComBenediction by muned with Jehovah-Secretary Maria Allen. Afternoon session at 2 p m. Singing, "Redeemer of Israel." Invocation by Sister Anna Miller. Singing, etc. Roll called and seven Relief society branches represented. Secretary Allen read the minutes of the previous conference, also the stake financial report for the year " ending Dec. 31, 1904, which were unanimously accepted. Instrumental music rendered by Sister Violet Flack of Price. Stake Counselor Mary J. King spoke on the duties of officers and members of President Rhoda the Relief society. E. Robertson reported the Orangeville society. A vocal solo was rendered by Sister Griffiths of Castle Gate. Counselor Maria Guymon spoke on a mother's duties to her family, and keeping the Sabbath day holy. Elder Robert Greenwood, of Price, on missionaries and Relief society work. Elder H. E. Curtis, of Orangeville, on the raising and training of children. Secretary Maria Allen spoke of the General Conference and visiting the Dr. Groves' L, D. S. hospital. President John H- Pace spoke on punc- tuality. Bishop Ernest S. Horsley, of Price, advised all to teach children to remember the important events of their lives. Stake President Mary A. Sorenson thanked all present, and especially the Price sisters, for helping to make the conference a success. Singing, ''The Spirit of God Like a Fire Is Burning," etc. Benediction by Sister Isabella Bryner. Maria Allex, Secretary. MOTHER'S WORK KANAB STAKE. (a) I. for mothers, (b) What Self-cultu- re the result will be upon the children. II. (a) Child helplessness, care and patience. (b) Necessity of III. (a) Child confidence, (b) How it should be rewarded. IV. (a) Child helpfulness, (b) What trait of character may it not develop? V. (a) Child's love for stories, kind of stories to be told, stories preferable. R. K. (b) What fc) True VI. (b) desire for knowledge, Child's (a) should Parents (c) Asking questions, seek to answer all questions to the understanding of the child. VII. (a) What to teach our boys, (b) How to be pure in their lives, (c) How to treat the opposite sex. VIII. (b) To (a) What to tell our girls, have confidence in mother, (c) How to conduct themselves in the presence of young men. IX. 67, 69, there- - Dr, Harris seems to think that there are none but celibates teaching now. He says that "no teacher has a right to complain on a socialistic basis if he is receiving a salary for his annual services, of $600," since the income of the nation is Western only $551.56 per inhabitant. (a) Peace making, (b) Value of peace Journal of Education (c) Love at home and with neighbors. IN MEMORIAMyour neighbors do unto them as you MARY WARREN. would have them do unto you. (d) Evand worn out ils of backbiting. Cleanliness in person and the home. XI. (a) Value of moments, of time and means. (b) Economy XII PUNCTUALITY. hab- Spenxer, Sec. A. Kanab Relief Society. MAY TEACHERS MARRY? We are inclined to smile when we read that the resident Fellows in an English university are forbidden to marry, and memory instantly reverts to the long monastic tradition which is even yet in control of education there- But what think ye, my masters, of the fact that that same monastic tradition obtains in practically all the public schools of the entire United States, or rather did obtain there until the Court of Appeals of New York hand ed down a decision a few days ago, denying the right of the Brooklyn School Board to enforce its to the effect that "should a female principal, head of department, or teacher marry, her place shall thereupon be declared vacant" The court held that there was no authority in the school board to make or enforce any law at all on the subject, and so put an end to enforced celibacy in education in one small section of our country; but it still obtains almost everywhere else. - by-la- in education is an awful thing; it takes the woman out of life to make her a school teacher. It forbids her to have children of her own in order that she may go on teaching other people's children. If she marries, she is driven out of the school room, though d the relation is the very one that should best fit her for the work of teaching. What an unlovely calling this is which forbids the bulk of those who follow it to lead a normal human life! Is it any wonder that most people hesitate to enter upon it, knowing that it involves the taking of all three of the mother-and-chil- Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE, and' solicit your patronage. We aim to give you as much as possible for your money. p B -- their labors, ere the shadows o'er them creep, And silently watching o'er them. He giveth His loved ones sleep." py She has gone! As the news spread over the little . town, it carried sadness to the hearts of her her to we she knew had gone Though long earned rest, our hearts were touched; for we hated to say "good bye" to one we loved so dearly. Sister Mary Ancox Warren passed away November 2nd, 1905, at her daughter's residence, Mrs. Kate Day, of Oasis. She was born in Tyson, Middle-ex- , England, December 21st. 1824; baptized into the Church of Saints in the year 1S44; Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y came to Utah in 1S74. he was the wife of Edward Warren and mother of fourteen children, teven of whom are living. It is twenty-twyears since Mrs. Warren was separated from her mate, whose life blended so harmoniously with hers, we must be conteDt when we know that our loss means some one's gain. She has lived with her daughter, Mrs. Day, since her husband's demise. Sister Warren's one great desire was to serve God and work in His kingdom. She knew His teachings well and never lost an opportunity of expounding His principles and praising His goodness She labored for many years as president of the Oasis Relief Society, always ali-- to her duty and putting forth such effort iu her work that her light shone and every member of the society felt its radiance. She was honorably released from this portion on account of the responsibility being too tjiet for her health, which was not good. Mrs. Warren never tired in well doing, she remained an active teacher in the ward until the time of her death. She was a woman of great strength of character and executive ability. We shall miss her words of counsel, cheer and comfort; For we know her many loving deeds and appreciate her many noble qualities, which will ever live in the memory of her friends. May her bereaved sons and daughters be. comforted in the assurance that their mother is not dead, but has gone to continue hery labors in a D. H. higher and better world. mam-friends- (a) Always on time, (b) Cultivate its of punctuality. Celibacy "Like weary children, that sigh for the daylight's close. He knows that they oft are longing, for home and its sweet repose; INDUSTRY. Persis - So He calls them in from THOMAS DRY GOODS CO 71 monastic vows poverty, obedience and celibacy? What an awful thing it is to follow a profession that one must desert just as soon as she begins to live normally! Yet the tfme is coming, and it is not far off, either, when the married woman will no longer be driven out of the school room, but will be at a premium g o e Save Your Money! And when you pet a dollar, deposit it with Zion'p Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 41,191 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minor, to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from ODe dollar to five thousand, and compute said interest Semi-annuall- y. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M.- Cannon, Cashier. No. 1 East Temple Street. - 