V w Oman's Exponent. The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Stale and the Natio n. ,7 SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, SEPTEMBER, Vol. 34 CONTENTS. tna The Power of Love Mary A. Livcrmore Uintah Stake P. A. Merkley Expressions Made on the Side........ A. V. C. Memorial Meeting Woodruff Stake.. Kate Eppich In Memoiiam 22 & R. S. Reports, Cassia, Alberta and Alpine Stakes 23 & Good Words Editor Woman's Tribune Should We Not Have a Woman's Day Conference General Relief Editorial: Society The Theory of Organization Editorial Notes 21, 22, & Truly a Mother in Israel Poetry: The Grave of Paul Revere.. L.D.A. Pictures Grace Ingles Frost 17 18 18 19 No. 1905. of position is of far more importance than that of love. Not only is this a fault of woman, man also thinks of position in choosing a life to enter your home prepare yourselves in every way possible to influence your child for good before its birth as well as to train it in the way of the Lord after. First. Let there be no feelings of re- partner- He crushes love from his heart for some rich papa's money; while she sentment or misunderstanding between 19 23 spurns many a loyal, loving heart for yourself and the one you call your husa gilded cage-As in the case of those band. Seek all things of an elevating 24 who marry for love, the result is plainly nature music, literatare and art. 24 Books of a soothing nature and those seen, being most apparent in the chil14 dren. If there are no children, one need of a religious character, as well as biolook "divorce at the mill" to behold only graphies of the great and good people of 20 of loveless marriage. the result earth, should be read; but the sensa23 It has been noticed and commented tional novel should be avoided as if it 17 were a pest. 19 upon, that of late there are so many children who seem to possess very little When bowing in supplication, thank affection. One instinctively thinks of the God for conferring maternity upon you, THE GRAVE OF PAUL REVERE. words of the Apostle Paul, who said that and ask Him to help you to live in a should there come time when a manner that shall be the means of givsome Beside the hallowed spot I stand of would lovers withto the spirit which he is about to "be their ownselves, ing The grave of Paul Revere; out natural affection, and disobedient to And mem'ries of that patriot grand. consign to your keeping, not only a perSpeak loud while musing here. parents," etc. And one feels, though the fect body, but a perfect disposition. That a child's disposition is greatly inApostle denounced such so emphatically, The famous tale our hist'ry tells, that they are to be pitied, for it is not fluenced by a woman's personal thoughts Of how he rode away; From house to bouse.then clanged the bells, and feelings many mothers have proven. t wholly their fault. That sound o'er Boston Bay. It is, of course, much easier for a woman Can a child possess a loving disposition "of is richly endowed with this world's who when love no entered the The daring ride of Paul Revere, thought And what his tidings wrought; mind of the man and woman who gave it goods to prepare herself for motherhood, A nation drops for him a tear as presented in this article, than for one a body? They bless the freedom bought. is forced to do the work of the house who unwitexistence it was given Mayhap He reits, while millions laud his fame, and for the children. Take heart, care a received and tingly, very consequently Here, 'neath the dark gray stone; who are its for cold reception upon advent, having you Through And stern new England, breathes his name, all be can and who a one father accomplished. things children, prayer despises With heroes, all her own. Remember for a mother one who cares so little conThese emblems, solemn thoughts inspire, cerning its welfare that she refuses to "Its easy enough to" be pleasant, Of liberty, blood bought; she lest her it nourish her at life flows by like a song, When spoil breast, The cannon's roar, the musket's fire, the woman worth while is the one who will Eut figure. Thevict'ry eager sought. smile Need one again ask why children are When everything goes wrong. This stone ne'er holds his praises down, without natural affection; why the For the test of the heart is trouble, Though he sleeps deep below. epithets, "my dear father and And it always comes with years, And o'er the road of pebbles browr, In fancy oft I go. mother," are so seldom heard, while the The smile that is worth the praise of earth, Is the smile that shines through tears." unloving substitutes "the old woman" New England holds bis sacred dust, and "the governor" are so frequently She gives her- hero sleep; After baby comes, do not be afraid to A grateful nation holds in trust, used. show your love for the little creature. The land they died to keep, Women are beginning to feel, even Never mind if some people do say that it among our own people, that children are is not right to kiss them, True, to kiss Ye patriots of New England soil, a burden which they are disinclined to a child upon the mouth is not wise; 0, ye were patriots grand; The sons of hardship and of toil, assume, or that it is not fashionable to but kiss its hands, its brow, and cheeks. Whose lives gave us our land. have them. Society women claim that Not long since a baby, whose mother did Lydia D. Alder. children make them nervous. One often not believe in kissing it, was kissed by Boston, May, 1905. hears such expressions as the following: one who does believe in so doing. It ''There are too many children in the became frightened upon being caressed, world already," and "Children are such and cried; but the party who caused the THE POWER OF LOVE. little nuisances. One cannot fulfil the disturbance quieted it, then kissed it duty which, one owes to society if one many, many times, and finally its sweet BY INA. has several cross babies at home who reface dimpled with smiles. more attention, "More Goethe cried, Another thing that parents do which quire light such is that evident It persons love!" love "More more does not inspire love in their children for quite light!" Tolstoi, to their a owe also that is duty which themselves or God, is that they raise they The question has been asked, forget a later God Has Father. given but the greatest desiie? Both are noble, heavenly them with the idea of resisting evil on acthe children than command echoed regarding count of a fear of punishment. today the latter cry should be first our to He which parents? one gave most strenuously. It is true that parents are sometimes People seem to be is as commandment binding This No. is the compelled to resort to corporal punishlosing sight of the fact that love today as it was in times past. And if ment, but were mothers and fathers to greatest power that governs the unione loves the Lord with all his soul, inspire their children with the idea of reverse. Years ago it was considered sin for heart and mind, he will keep His comsisting evil because by so doing they would gain their love and also the love woman to give her hand in marriage mandments. Still it is hard to say which is the greater sin, to refuse to give spirits unless the sincere love of her heart acor to bring children Michael Angelo's mother went every day, becompanied it. The result was a happy tabernacles of flesh, conditions that some" chilfore he was born, to one of Italy's great cathelife- here under the If children were given to them, where hung many paintings by the masters. they were considered gifts from the Most dren are brought.mothers! see to it that drals,t The pictures which impres ed Michael AnAh, mothers, High, and were welcomed and loved; mother most were "The Annunciation," gelo's while in turn the children loved and reyour children are born willingly, and in "Mary's Visit to Elizabeth," and "The Babe ex-ia love. of full the the Manger." Michael was most fond of and a power when vered their parents. Today, girl when painting religious subjects. is celled When you find that a little stranger thinks of marriage, as a rule, the question - 19 " J over-burdene- old-fashion- ed d. 