WOMAN'S EXPONENT 32 Prayed that in our organization we may possess a spirit that will make us feel that Frisco, June 18, 1905. Pursuant to a we are enjoying a privilege. call, the ladies of Frisco, Beaver county, Benediction by Bishop Ashworth. met in the school house, called by Bishop After meeting the officers were set Wm. Ashworth. apart by the brethren present. After singing and prayer, Mrs. C. C. L. Farnsworth, Secretary. Shepherd called a vote as to whether the ladies wished a Relief Society organized. The vote was unanimously in favor. RABBI FLEISCHER ON WOMAN IN A Mrs. M, E. Ashworth was elected secDEMOCRACY. retary of the meeting. The bylaws of the N. W. Relief SociRabbi Charles Fleischer addressed the ety were read and accepted. Massachusetts Federation of Western The following officers were sustained Women's Clubs in Northampton on by unanimous'vote: October 4, and his speech made a deep Mary E. Ashworth, president, 'Margaret impression. He said in part: E. Jones and Ella Morris, first and second "As Grover Cleveland is not now our Libbie Fotheringham, 'ruler,' and his every word is not thereEdith Chavey, assistant secre-tasecretary; fore to be regarded as the latest revelaHarriet S. Farnsworth, treasurer. tion of the eternal wisdom, perhaps you Mrs. Shepherd gave instructions to the at least will be inclined to pardon my lese ladies regarding their duties as members if I presume to challenge his of this organization; said we can be a majesie,' recent pronouncement on the subject of great help to the bishop in carrying on women's clubs. It is hard for the 'old the work of the ward; she believed that (I do not mean merely Mr. Cleveour labors in the society would make us man,' but land, any old man any specimen of ail better women, and that our home to accept the so called 'new species) that work would be easier. Spoke of the Mothto different hiswoman.' They er's Work, as conducted in our meetings, torical strata, as itbelong were. and of the help it would be to young "New social conditions produce mothers in bearing and rearing their new men and women- always is difficult It children. If we do not take advantage for the product of the old conditions to of the opportunities to be educated in the itself to, or to understand the reprinciples of the Gospel, we shall be un- adjust of the new. But in human history, sult der condemnation. Those who take no one is to apt overlap another, so that interest in public affairs will grow narrow the age distinct and several not are strata and care for nothing but themselves. of social development are comCounselor M. A. White said: When we stages found to coexist upon the same meet together we drawdown the spirit monly Thus the old man and the new plane. of God, and that the instructions we reand the old woman and the new woman, ceive are added to by this spirit. The are living in our particular period Lord has provided a way for us to serve man not the one class in Russia or in and Him, by serving each other. As wives and China and the other inEngland or in Amermothers we can perform the work of but the representatives of each, side ica, servingHim better than anyone else in the by side, in our democratic land, and even world. We will be better ourselves for members of the same family. having helped another. We can learn among is all a matter of individual temper"It from every one we associate with. If ament or human achievement. Some of we see peace and harmony in our neigh- us are born into the newest phase of sobors' homes it gives us a desire to emulate cial others make a conscious evolution, that example in our own. We must deal it towards or into it, and others progress with our children with firmness, but kind- still as serve brakes or impediments prely, and there is no place where we can a too social Acadvancerapid venting learn more of this than in our Relief of each us take rank as old or cordingly, Society meetings. If we keep our chil- new or intermediate. It is not a matter dren home at night, and control them of calling names or even of making arguwhen small, the reins will never be taken but simply a matter of registering ment, from us, It is our duty to assert our I would term a spiritual fact- Grovwhat authority, which need not be done in er Cleveland is as naturally an 'old man' harshness. B. Anthony is a 'new woman.' Susan as President of the Stake C. D. White "Let me make my meaning clear. I said: You are now a legal organization, said have it should be (and a according to the laws of our state, and can legally own property, and do good truism) that new social conditions produce new types of men and women, difwith it. Every good Latter-da- y Saint from ought to be willing to help the Relief fering essentially I would one another. assert that the Speaking broadly, Society, that they in turn may help those old type of man and woman is the prod-duin need. of the hitherto prevalent autocracy Stake Counselor J. F. Tolton said: of man-rulin State and church and inCharity is not simply helping those in and the family. Similarly, the distress, but is the true love of Jesus dustry of new man and woman type (that not Christ. Let us cultivate a spirit of love, is but is, to yet will be really be) the prodthat we may see the good in others. tions of sex and sects and other previous conditions of servitude) democracy applied to politics and religion and industry and the family and every other, social organization and relationship. "Plainly, then, democracy is the vastest enterprise upon which the human race But I believe in its ever has entered. I believe that all success. complete in become will time men completely demfortunate ii the ocratic. Meanwhile, is least who at touched man or voman by the beauty of the spirit of the new Happy is that person who has day. embodied enough of the new principle to apply it to at least one set of human relationships. Blessed the people that, like America, has at least made a beginning with political democracy. The rest will be added in time. But the complete democratic people or person does not yet exist. Therefore, in all of us, more or less (and usually more) of the old prejudices and attitudes remain, survivals of the Therefore, period of male autocracy. too, we are likely to be democratic in one respect, while remaining undemocratic in other respects. Thus, for instance, we find men who are ardent believers in democracy and are utterly unsympathetic with the laborers struggle for industrial But most males, whatever democracy. their present democratic calibre, balk at applying the new principle to the conAnd most women are cerns of women. similarly orthodox regarding their sex. "However, the new woman (like the new man), which means the woman who has been lifted by democracy to the normal level of human the new woman is here to stay. She cannot be written out of existence by Mr. Cleveland's or Lyman Abbott's magazine article. She cannot even be laughed away by undemocratic men and women along with that caricature of her noble type which still commonly usurps the title and the attention of the genuine new woman. Shortening her hair and her skirt and lengthening her tongue does not make a woman new. But making her, each according to her capacity, a social element equal or equivalent to the male (equal, that is, in social standing and use, as in individual opportunity), that is the sort of women which democracy is to THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount fromoDe dollar to five thousand, and compute said RELIEF SOCIETY ORGANIZED. . vice-presiden- ts; r; -- - - self-respe- ct, produce. To be continued. - Save Your Money! self-evide- nt And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the batik have opened more than 41,191 savings accounts. ct we e The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minor, to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you sucn an account-- ' If not, open one NOW uct of democracy (which ignores distinc- - R. K. 67, 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. h ARE IN OUR NEW STORE, and solirit j as much as possible for your money. - iig TDV interest WRITE for any information desired. dun lu give you III! uuO I I Semi-annuall- y. No. 1 Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. East Temple Street. 