WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ( A DREAM OF AUGUST. A TRIP. TOENGLAND. slumbrous warmth of August lay, 'The ' ' O'er Autumn's gorgeous flowers, I could not still my dreaming soul Had neither will, nor power, So yielded all my being up, To the influence of the hour. I've sought a higher goal, This once, with eager lips I drank Light which o'er earth doth roll; ,. Olrolenatefs'veetTto feedf The hunger of my soul. Made had not come or that"! was on land: as so -antTa fter my anxpfihepassengers-di- d week's sickness was over and I again found an appetite, which I was privileged to gratify by taking my place at the saloon stable, without any misgivings of impending accidents, I began to wish that we were going to. be on the, water another week. . "Jjiideedj gracousevexghtandsotini .iixia.picabciiit-n'oyag- Beneath "the Park's dark trees. Alone and still one face, one form, One presence dear was nigh, And tenderly, hand clasped in hand;-Wlet the hours drift by, Enraptured with the bliss of Earth; Together, you, and I. In the deck was out of order, we would all assemble in. the saloon and pleasantly wile away the hours until bed time, by indulging in games, music etc. And thus, in spite of sea sickness and other minor inconveniences, I enjoyed my- - Fettered and bound by earthly clay, The sound of music faint and dim Came o'er the grassy leas, The perfumed glory of my youth, No adverse fate could freeze, 99 please me. e did not ask, why, all to late This precious boon was given? Nor question by a single look, : The wise decrees of heaven;., But grateful, drank the. one rare draught . am not in tne least e, , ; . A lily bowed her graceful head, Soft swayed her slender rods, With lips of fragrant purity, as--sista- nce She kissed the emerald sods, Our souls entranced with I ove d i vine Drank nectar with the gods. the-nativ- And I forgot that earth held graves; Life's desolated years, I did not. waste one precious thought, On transient human tears; But in one golden sheaf I bound The scattered hopes of years. 4 thfe-Meridi-anr " . But I awoke, my dream was done, Back came Life's hopeless pain, Hot tears of sorrow and despair Swept down like Autumn rain. Oh God! When free from doubt and sin, ' Shall we two meet again? ' . - , a-- ' ' TRANQUILITY. In this tumultous sphere for thee unfit, thou found tranquility Unless perchance with mild and downcast eye, pSepbg inants-'watchi- ng . thesoft breath, Bidding the sweet slumbers easy, lie; UVetimeS standinS 'er e bed of death, . the poor sufferer hopeth soon to die. 1 Deauteous sister of thp Won .. i. l iiit-f- r rnoo trt thnt ij -- here'nope alike, and vain . shall cease; via memory lost in happiness regret serene, peat no more that misery, hath been mine. L. M. H. - " light-house- , lowly cradles thou delight'st to sit e e That stalely form those deep, dark eyes, So full of love's desire; Such love, as in the breasts of men Will noblest deeds inspire Such love, as lights Earth's darkest path With Heaven's celestial fire. .9?m art . -- . By that same power given. ;T . -- But all things must have an end, Tis said' that "Nothing in this world can last," and when at about 10, 30 of the morning of the 25th, the assembled throng of anxiously watching passengers on deck sent forth the cry of "Land, Land" and we could discern in' the far off distance a tiny speck which which was said to be a portion of the shore of Ireland, I began to think that the begin ning ot the end had come., It was a sight to see the now animated and happy passengers, running to and fro," calling to each, pointing to the light houses and various objects as they gradually came into sight. Seeing them all so overjoyed at the sight of Terra Ferma; after so short and pleasant a voyage, I was led to reflect upon and wonder what must, have been the great rapture and excitement that prevailed on oPa ebH;-:the occasion when Columbus and his crew, pictured in my mind the great joy which Saints must experience' when after a vovage so' length v and so full of their fondly cherished hopes and desires are perils and suspense, wrere reward for all to be realized andtliey "lia ve come about disappointments;--bythpast dangers.-and- thus far on their way to Zion. welcome cry of "Land! Land!" I tried to realize the conflicting emotions It was a most pleasing sight to watch the gradually nearing hills the beautiful green which must have filled my own brave s etc. as mother's breast, when she first mounted the slopes and picturesque they passed in panoramic order before our old stone steps and lifted the rusty iron admiring gaze. This was old Ireland, we Knocket knowing that from this place she should, soon reach yueenstown and e er was about to take what must have seemed almost an eternal love of all, who by kinship tomorrowr's sun sliould cross .all being well we should be piloted into the and association naturally should seem the nearest and dearest. - This was to be the English port. What a time it was to be sure; every- threshold of a new existence. All strange and unexplored, yet beautified body on board the old boat seemed to be and brightened by faith and hope. packing their traps, running to and fro, in With what force must the words of the and out, up and down, their whole persons bearing the stamp of animated expectancy, Sayior have struckV- home to ihat ' young while the stewards the stewardesses and heart. v "He that loveth father and mother, broththe wraiters, seemed to be setting in for er or sister, houses or lands more than me, regular Spring cleaning. The passengers from all departments had is not worthy of me. " assembled on decK, and were eagerly looking ahead for the first glimpse of the Tender FROM THE PRESS COMMITTFE. which was to come and usher us in to port. The trunks had all been hoisted from the Editors Womans Journal; depths of the hold," the valises and. bundles If the persons preparing the reports of and satchels and Boxes had all been brought up from the various state rooms,- giving the committees andJState- - work to be presented place rather a look of prepration for depart- - at the Washington convention will write .'of the paper onlvrandhave e ure. and. over trie whole w7as an air or anxious extectancv. Man v were no doubt the mss. in proper shape - for the printer. anticipating the reunion of relatives and they will confer a great favor upon the press friends, while manv. I believe, did not committee. JThis cpmmitteewishes ta get-o- ut the published report as soon as possible ecUyJknowwhat-r4he- y only that it would be something fresh to after the convention, and if writtenreports &T&msdy fbrthprihllrrtEey can be turned I jdid lrjt,r tb on the Ocean wave and in leaving the old over to Inm as soon as presented and ac- boatT almost felt that I was taking leave cepteci. H ARRTIJTTAYXOErTJPTON , - of an old friend.. r At length to the gratification of the , . - - , 1 anxious watchers the Tender was seen ap' proaching; and almost before we had time to realize the fact was along side of our boat . the occupants of the one exchanging greetings with the occupants of the other.- The gang way was soon thrown across connecting the two boats and ere many seconds, husbands and wives, parents and children, acquaintances and friends were industriously shaking hands nd kisshigacirollielveach asking as many questions to. lheninute a- spossible;"but seeming quite content, for the present, to receive no answers to any of them, all trying to talk at the same time. My companions and I, had neither friends nor relatives there to meet us, so we stood looking on at the proceedings of the others and thought it a regular piciiic.. Filially .vhen'most pf;the hubbub- had subsided, some one took pitv on us and introduced us to two gentlemen from 42. Islington who had come down to welcome to the shores of Britian,the party from the Rocky Mountains. After passing the yellow, sands and emerald banks of 'New Brighton we arrived at the landing and once more stepped our feet on solid ground. We were really in Old England, though - I could' scarcely believe it as it seemed more like a dream. I must say my feelings wre peculiar and not unmixed with reverence as I approached that okL publishing house and gathering place of the saints for so many years, 42. Islington, how many young and inexperienced missionaries had entered that old office previous to starting out in their new fields of labor, expecting and receiving and encouragement from its inmates preparatory to launching out on the mercies - - .upoiL-Onesid- were-expecti- . ng, -- - . . 