140 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. mental uuu ov,ixi iuuj auuim mat were afterwards adopted b the government and the people. Her parents were Presbyterians, imd she was brought up strictly in that Editor. EMMEL1NE D. WELLS, faith. She !was jnarried to Wm. Howard in Salt Lake City,, Utah. Published the eldest son of Stott and Catharine HowTerms: one copy one year, Si. oo; one copy six months. ard, June 9. 184 1, In 1851 she heard of octs. No reduction made lor clubs. City papers deliv the Gospel and embraced it and came, to one year, 25 cts. ered by mail, extra for post-iclines of nonpareil America in 1853 "with her husband and Advertising rates:- - Each square,-tespace, one time, 32. W per month. 7.00. A liberal dis family,-arrivinin Utah in September of count to regular advertisers. the same year, residing the first few years Exponent office, No. z EL. South Temple Street second gate cast of Deseret Business hours ward in this city. in rora 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. When the Relief Society was organized Address all business communications to in Big Cottonwood she was chosen secrePUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ' tary,, which office she filled until she acSalt Lake City, Utah. companied her husband on a mission to England in 1868. During her sojourn in Entered at the Ppst Ofice in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Great Britain she was frequently called upeconi class matter. on to speak upon the principles of the Gospel and subjects of that nature. Divines , March 15th, 1893. Salt Lake City, and men of learning-foun- d herquite equal to answer them on" every point, and her PRESIDENT WOODRUFF'S PARTY, part of the mission has often been spoken of as very creditable and important, for it was at a time when women had scarcely The 'evening, of the first of March was a witli prosperity. been heard to speak publicly on our' faith President Woodruff may his- - days'-b- e red letter' day in the family of President Woodruff on .account of the celebration of multiplied and his blessings increase more except at home. his and more as the years rolls on and his soul When President Bngham Younsr about nntiivprsnrv I The party was made up of a few of his be satisfied in the love of the people. or twenty-fiv- e twenty-fou- r years ago called e women moorers ana to go out as ol Zion the ienow in upon cumpamuns missionaries among the women in the the Lrospel, some with whom he had travel ed many thousands ol miles on laud and several Stakes of Zion. Mrs. Howard was ELIZABETH HOWARD. one of the first to act in this capacity, and sea; probably there is no man living in the Church who had traversed as wide an ex Mrs. Elizabeth Howard who depart lrom that time she has been diheent in tent ol country and m as many lands to ed this life on March 12th, of this year was season and out of season in all kinds of carry the Gospel of salvation, as President one of the most prominent women' in the weather, no matter how hard the ioumev w uuuxuu nas, anu ior mis ana many other Church and one of the most useful: her loss or how rough the roads, she always went reasons he - is very -- greatly- reverenced by will be deeply felt by all those engaged in with the same cheerful, good spirit and this people, as well as for the position he public duties and especially engaged in the seemed particularly blest in the labors that holds as President of the Church. Among organizations ol women. fell to her to perform. the assembled guests were President Larenzo death occurred at the residence of Mrs. In 187 1 Mrs. Howard was chosen now oj iingnam City, Apostle lranklin Mary Ann Hunter of Grantsville. Tooele counselor. toMrs. M. Isabella Home in .the D. Richards and wife, Apostle Moses County where she had gone to attend the General Retrenchment Association, in nlace Thatcher of Logan and wife, Atostle . F.: Quarterly Conference of the Relief of M. Mrs. A. Smoot, who had iuoved to Society, M. Lyman. of Tooele, and wife," Apostle the Y. L. M. I. A., and the Primary Prpvo; soon after she was elected president John Henry Smith and wife." Aoostle Associations of that Stake of Zion. She of the Relief Society of Big Cottonwood Abraham H. Cannon and wife, President )?M.chjoyed la tljiis .. ' -o t A; Or Smoot of Provoand" wife7 PfesTdent indeed and so expressed herself over and count of other duties. When th KehVf J. T. D. McAllister of St. George, President over again to the sisters, shaking hands with Society of Salt Lake stake was organized . -- . a! i i f Angus M. Cannon and daughter: uiebibiers anaJ Diaaing tnem tare well in the Mrs. Howard was appointed secretary, Presiding Bishop W. B. Preston and wife most anectionate manner and ' 'her which she held at the time, of her saying. Robert T. Burton and wife, Bishop work was done and she wras going home," demise.position Bishop jonn k. winder,-lideJoseph Home and meaning she was coming home to Salt Lake When the Deseret Hospital was establish wife, Mesdames S. J. Cannon, Zina L). H. and not could have had any other ed in May 1882, Mrs. Howard was appoint- certainly Young, B. W. Smith, E. B. Wells, Carlie thought, "although her words seem to have ea chairman ol theAasiting Committee and Y. Cannon, "P. P. Jennings, 11. M. Barratt been ' was very; efficient in that work. At the significant. : and quite a number of relatives whose In personality and in manner Mrs. How time of the reorganization' of the Board of names are not mentioned here. The day ard was one of the most charming- and Directors April 1884, Mrs. ' Howard was was also the anniversary of the birth of women we have ever met. As a elected Assistant "Secretary and Treasurer. Sister Emma Woodruff, who shared with agreeaoie u icuui unaj companion in ail- places and at of the Deseret Hospital which office she oc- her husband the honors .of this all she was the happy same pleasant, cupied at the; time of her decease. times, always L celebration. true and sister in her lnhnr - Mrs. Howard was for one lovinjr ing year, lrom The house was tastefully fitted up for the and work, whether in prosperity, or adver- October, 1801, to October 1892, president occasion, flowers in profusion, lovely as a sity, in times of trial and of the Woman's Suffrage association journeyingsand of dream, the gifts of dear and valued friends, hardship for the Saints. Her friends will never Salt Lake She has traveled very the tables were: handsomely decorated with her cordial warm heartedness and extensivelycounty. foiget in the interest of woman's the graceful smilax and flowers, and at each buoyancy of that was like a ray of work from the time this sort of spirit missionary plate acard,beariug the name of the person sunshine wherever she went. In ' times work of and was a very sincere commenced, with an original motto and the signature of the sickness she would and administer comgo and earnest laborer in all ' these important President himself all in his own hand writfort and consolatipn.and such sympathy and directions. She was an impresshe 'and ing, which made a pretty souvenir of the llLPasJt impossible when one -- has togive occasion.; --The dinner was sumptuousrahd: the ni!Il?SIspeaker desirei:oalleviateiifT?n voTcelmd waa never at a joss for words, and e "the"sociability"of 1M friends was and sorrow. We- rnn- - nwPr num wherever she went she was heartily most enjoyable. tiaoc rrJz' her last visit to this office th memory welcomed and infused an element of cheerDuring the evening some impressive before she left the her City last upon mic. fulness by her buoyant d speeches were made by the brethren; presspirits and sion to the sisters. manner. ident Lorenzo Snow taking the lead, his ''. Elizabeth Howard's maid The Howard home at BtV Cnttnnwood tribute td. the President was tender and Anderson, her parents were Rnhort has been for years a eloquent. President Joseph F. Smith in his Lucretia Anderson, gathering place for old and shp and young on all sorts of festive occasions, characteristic earnest and lofty style alCarlow", Carlow county, Ireland. TnW luded to President Woodruff s position his 182 Mrs, Howard being a charming and eeuial oung people and old rcopic.shgred u tuuu 01 means nnrt inH!io :.' t.!. uman'S Exponent. semi-monthl- y. upon liis noble example and the great hold he had upon the hearts of he Latter-da- y Saints President Snow gave in his remarks some incidents of their missionary experiences quite touching that had been recalled by the inscription upon the card presented to him. Apostle Moses Thatcher also paid a glowing tribute of appreciation and love' to the reverend host and all seemed to vie with each other in expressions of love and esteem. The President responded in his usual af-fectionate and gentle manner and gave some reminiscences of the oast that were very interesting. He also gave in his child-lik- e but prophetic way some vivid glimpses of the future that can never be forgotten by those present. It was a most characteristic eathenner of some of the tried and faithful ones, under particularly pleasant circumstances, and one could scarcely-helcontrasting such anoccasion with the troublous time of adversity and hardship of the past, and acknowledsr- ingthe hand of the Lord in blessing- Israel , e n News-Office- . ,- g the-Thirteen- th . p -- - . - . eio-htv-sixt- 4 h uiu-um- , - , - 1 . I 1 - . r - j-- sJ niost-inten- se oTd-tim- " whole-soule- T- AAA A A. 1 - 1 I 