WOMAN S EXPONENT. 170 nor Braddock promptly filled the skin with powder and ball and returned it, and this hint was not without a salutary effect At this time "a party of some sixty men came over from England and settled near. They were nothing like the Pilgrims, but were a lawless, reckless set. They commenced plundering the Indians and thus secured their enmity. The Indians commenced depredations, , jiiiiiui3ii im oviiiv, Hue hasty though brave, took speedy revenge, zr. surprising and putting Tto death the chief with several of his Indians. When Robinson, their good pastor, heard of this he wrote to the colonists, "Oh how happy a thing had it hen had you concerted some before you killed any." Afterwards many were converted, and some sent as missionaries among their own people. The laws of the Pilgrims are a good Aim - opuuu n of their character. . is first fact au the law that ...... It intercsting on record secures trial by jury, consisting of twelve honest men under oath. Another law was that if any were elected to the office of governor and would not serve he should be fined twenty pounds sterling; this is quite, different from bur time. Another, if any man offered proposals of marriage to any young lady without first obtaining the consent of her parents should submit to fine or corporal punishment. ..Denial of the Scriptures as a rule of life' S: H. JorcajrrjD ' ? Tine regular monthly meeting 0f the Salt Lake Co. W. S. A. convened in the 13th Ward, Assembly Rooms, May' 16th Elizabeth M. Price 1893. in the chair. Opened by singing a Suffrage Song," prayer by the Chapalin Singing, "The Reason Why." Roll called and minutes of previous meeting read and accepted. Elizabeth M Price said she thought when the hurry and excitement of the World's Fair was over there would be more attend the meftlnno and more interest taken in them. This is an age of progress, women should educate themselves in politics, for they must come to the front. ' Mrs. Mary Silver, Mrs. Mary Bassett and Elizabeth Macfarlane all spoke upon the importance of attending suffrage meetings and of imnmir;n n., . opportunity of becoming posted., in regard to politics.7 Said T women should hnv o understanding of law, thought what w"W good tor men was also good for women. Mesdames Sarah Phelps, Mary Sawer Snow, Ann Plazer, Sophia Lang, Mary Irvine and Mary Morris, made some interesting remarks on suffrage. It was suggested that the ladies take the Woman's Column, as there were some good tilings in it pertaining to suffrage. Meeting stood adjourned until the third E. W. Hyde, Sec. Tuesday in June. ti:. 1 Vice-Preside- nt Vice-Preside- nt -- Vice-Preside- " . , nit uuuuin j ua. of Flora's , the Mayflower. In looking back at the character of the pilgrims from this distance, their religion irmd ' liveappear somehaf - " rU-rt- - 1 V 9, - mat stately - sombre, some have called them vindictive, ' but "this is rather unjust. Thejr certainly did many things that seemunjust and .nafsTi7ucFas their persecution of the. Quakers, selling" Indians into slavery, beheading and must judge quartering others, etc. but-wthem from their standpoint and from the public opiniouf of their day, and not from ours of greater freedom and liberality of ,. ..?y thought: Their lives have furnished themes for X UC ' WCiiljf romance and song. professors lav aside the text books and bid Where can we find a sweeter story of farewell for a season to the school room to j simplicity and truth than that of Priscilli, rate a vacation tour m search of new scenes the Puritan maiden, whom Longfellow has ana new subjects for the following year. immortalized. Another sweet sad story of It was a happv thought iht fh 6rt of Puritan sternness is that of Hester Prynne this month should be chosen for Primary in Hawthorne's "Scarlet Letter. r for when Day, nature smiles so brightly the This illustrates theirseyere. strict lrjustice -seemingly-nrohbed of that sweet virtue The stand the Republican Teafrue took charity, wherein the young girl Hester for on the Woman Suffrage question must be her one en or, bitterly repented a it to the women ofthe country, and atoned for by a whole lifetime of suf- very gratifying so to the women of the especially fering and devotion, was yet condemned to 375 votes in favor and 185 wear on her breast the badge of her shame The women interested in suffrage the scarlet letter, all her life and with her against, .OtcertaMy-- : efforts of Mr. Biackwell in their behalf. ildMvapartirom thesIfflPuou7 community. Because of the sojourn of Mrs. Wells r. We cannot better close this subject than in Chicago the story, MIn Rural England," by quoting the fine words of Sprague: has had to be omitted from the last two numbers of theJExpoNKNT? but we trust they rest While Liberty can find aunsung the very interesting: and entertaining news tone a wreath for ZTa gr?uludei them, concerning doings andsights in Chicago ess than the diadem, will suffice for the Who to lifers noblest end, present and by the next Gave up life's noblest powers, number, if possible, the thread of .the, story,, And bade the dtscend- will be taken' up and continue a uninter Duvmdowif to us and 1- - vvxit--xic1.v-- tu -- the mill on Sunday, fined twenty shillings or to be whipped, and W. F. for permitting him to take it from the mill fined ten s v shillings. 7 T. W. was ordered to be sharply reproved for writing a note on common business on Lord's day. Women for abusing, their husbands were sentenced to be fined or whipped at the post, but this surpasses all the others. No . trO fTn fT1 1- Clio 11 Vw mriAn fritti O il.ll PUUlb Oltt CO, and such as have garments with short sleeves shall not wear the same unless they cover the arm to the wrist; and hereafter no person shall make any garment whatever for women with sieves more than half an ell (22 inches) wide. V.; During- - the" first season land was not owned by individuals, every man worked and put his earnings into the common "store, but this was not asuccess. 1 .'.;:.:..NV When a certain amount was given to each individual they worked with much x more courage and enthusiasm. ; The first .time".that-the-landin- W the pilgrims waspublicy celebrated in Plymouth was December 221,-186almost one hundred and fifty years after the event. This is the menu: "First, one large baked Indian, whortleberry pudding; two, a dish of succotash; three, a dish of clams; four, a dish of oysters;' five, haunch of venison roasted' iu the first Jack brought to the colony- - vi iudcs queen kingdom . Now the wind scatters the pink and white petals of the fruit blossoms through the air, the smoun-- . tains fairly glow in their deep and livid colors, the dark green fields ripen into purple blossoms and the garden paths are sweet and beautiful with bine and roses. - Of all the No fear of chillin . 1 t . nnritn tmgnx "ana mar tne beauty 01 me eartn. The child, the youth, the man all revel in its sweetness and its glory. With what delight the children hail the closing days of school,and after the worked for closing exercises have passed, without thoughtbf care "enjoy to the utmost the field day. The sweet girl graduate dons her fresh white gown and is showered with - ; nt - . ' was punishable by whipping. .The Pilgrims were unwilling that any one should charge an exorbitant profit on wnat he sold. 1 hese are some cases in court. J. B. for buying rye at four shill ings per bushel and sell mcr for five. A Miss Boulton was guilty of slander and the court condemned her to the humiliating oi sitting in the.stocks. punisiiment " John Phillips for smoking on the highway was fined twelve shillings. ' S. L. CO.yW. S. A. ' : .in-dicati- on a-- - sixth, a dish of seafowl. Seventh, a dishof fresh fish and eels. Eighth, an appleana pie Ninth, a course of cranberry tarts cheese made in tl e old colony." In imitation of thfir ancestors all ' luxury j evciyimug and extravagance, were avoiueu, being served in the simplest manner. Another celebration that must be mentioned was the 206th anniversary. After a -speech by - Daniel Webster of- two hours duration and other ceremonials; a procession was formed, and taking their way to the banquet hall sat down to a table spread with all the luxuries; the country afforded, but on each plate was placed five grains of corn; this excited feelings of amusement, interest and emotion in different individuals, but when it wras understood that this was in commemoration of that time in the history of the pilgrims when there was only a pint of corn for the whole colony and when . it was' divided gave just five grains to each; tlieTfive grains at the. banquet were eaten .with" a greater relish tnan any ot the dainties, or were carefully treasured as mementoes. , celebrated rock must be mentioned. The though briefly. In revolutionary times to inspire still more patriotism it was raised from its place and drawn by forty oxen, followed to the Liberty. Pole Square. In raising it, the rock was broken and this was looked upon as a signification of the division of the British Empire. In 1834, July 4th, it was moved again and placed in front of Pilgrim Hall where in now remains protected by a noble structure,- which serves the double purpose of security to the rock and a monument to the pilgrims and bears the names of the forty-on- e who signed the compact on board e . : - - , A . : 4 - children-smUeaisel- . Repub-hcan.Part- : . " i , '"emay Je-a- cy - ours." -- rupiearoo thetunsh. y, - 