WOMAN'S 128 'Tin? wife of Renan will superintend (lie publication of the ' remaining volumes of his "Histoire du Peuple d Israel." He also committed1 to her care a portfolio of notes dating back as far as 1845, which he ' counted of special value. ' ' Mv; T.wrm C.uxrr. wrw rpcentlv admit ted to practice before the Supreme and other courts ot Caliioraia. blie is the second, wo- man to be admitted to the bar of that State, Mrs. Clara Foltz beine the first. The course of the Hastings Law. School usually .... occupies three years; but Mrs. Craig passed her examination before the Supreme Court at the end of one. : and years, of " study. Tn a class of twenty-seve- n she stood at the head of the sixteen who passed. Mrs. Craig is an active member of the racmc oast woman s j;'ress dissociation, is the historian of the Law Club, historian of the Revolution, and, was for ten years a School.teacher in the ..Girl's Last - November she becameHigh the wife of Scipio .Craig,.,. the .editor. oLxht. Jledlands CUrogTupn, vi. mc nine wucn iurs. vraig passed her examination, Mr. Crai was attend ing the contention of the Editorial Association as its president, and when he received the. news' of her success, he immediately leiegrapnea ner me congratulations ot all r . uie assemDiea editors. EXPONENT. her right hand, and in her left riches and honor. Her ways are ways ness and all her paths are peace. chapter 3. - We' need both.V friend. - of pleasant' ' Proverbs Your aged M. E. K. J . I , Sister Jane P. Oldham, wife of Bishop Samuel Oldham who deoarted this life Dec iSth 1892, at Paradise, Cache Co, Utah. '.. . Whereas: Our Ffher in heaven has called from our midst Sister Oldham, who was always rlntlf in OUTIn 111 V nprfnrminrA nunrtnnl v uv iviiuai'.v vrf tT kill Vfc UU III tht society, and had by meekness of spirit won the respect and love of all who associated with her; we feel to express our love for her in these few ;.. lines. Pc-k1rtViuf- a n cicfpr accnriatf nnd. friend one-hal- f, - . , : , . KNOWLEDGE. are told that knowledge is power. If so, is. it aangerous to. nave knowledge? Most certainly if we have 'not wisdom to control this power, for it must be used in wisdom to show its true value J St. Paul says, that knowledge pufFeth up; but, charity edifiethy;. M Here then is the danger of power with out wisdom i to I govern : and .coatrd this power: you win run too last yes heedlessly, r. if .you allow pride: to ' lead "you;; because pnde will call your attention to see so many things and also to see what impression you are mam "wild over your success before vou have ac complished that which you undertake to do. But wisdom will teach you to be careful and be sure that you understand what to do and how to do it, before being satisfied with the J-- Wn ; , ' ' : - , . 4 ; undertaking. ,';. Here we can see the reason that a dull or comparatively dull pupil will arrive at irreat er attainments than one whose intellect is quick and bright; and all the time on the alert, to catch some new idea of his sur roundings. He thinks oh, lean catch that idea; at any time when I give my attention to it. but how I am after something else, In this way he will accomplish very little because he has too many irons in the fire, figaratively speaking, and he is easily puffed up as St. Paul once said, knowledge pufieth up, etc. believe .this is the reason, so many t I peoplere unsuccessful through life and always in want: because they have not wisdom to set a proper-valuupon time, or the small amount of means that may give them : e r jystartialili if we But remember, use it by the influence of a wicked spirit it will prove a curse instead of a. blessing: as we sometimes see when a great fortune is ; left to a spendthrift how. quickly he goes to ruin. This is because wisdom is lacking. Well did .the wise .king ;say, :VVith: all thy'iet--- ' . . . -- . co-wo- K " -- - : Resolved, that these resolutions' be entered in the Primary record: also a copy be presented to the parents of the deceased, and one be sent to "Ihe. woman's Exponent for publication. ; . Dearest Mabel, we have loved you; We have loved you fond and. true.- - , , And it tills our heart with sadness. 1 . That we have to part with you. But a crown of royal brightness, . , Waits to deck your honored brow, ' And a robe of purest whiteness, Waits your body to endow. Dearest sister we shall rhiss you,,.. ... We Shall miss your presence here, But we hope again to meet you Farewell Mabel, farewell dear. ; Emily E BROtJGH, Prest. Primary Ass'n. , ; . . hifh Mtimation in which we held her. and while we feel the deepest sorrow at the loss we sustain in being deprived of her society, we .bow submissively to the will of him - who ioetb all things well, and say. 'Thy will O Lord not ours be , . 1 follow in the examnle she set us. that of beine a Saint.faithful Latter-da- y that we extend our heartfelt symResolved, to the bereaved husband, family and pathy , - , DOCTOR MATTIE HUGHES CANNON, presented to them, a, copy be entered on the minute book of our society, and they be printed Office: lls South, First West Street in the Woman's Exponent. Office practice for Diseases(of Women from 2 Elizabeth Remineton. Elizabeth Bickmore. until 4 p. m. Isabella Obrey, Elizabeth Shaw. . " Com in behalf of Relief Society. Desr Sister, in sadness we mourn for von here; Mortality's weak and can bear nnt thf loss Of those whom w6 love" and the trembling tear, wilt ugnten tne load ot our burdensome cross. ; We weep still we knew by the pow'r of our faithr ' Keeps on Iland Your mission was enAAinM w . , vrtn' u a JUU ; ' reward. DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY Which was something like this where the ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS good saun AND STATIONARY, EQUI- rainer "Enter intcrthy rest and the joys of thy Lord." POISE WAISTS, ETC. ' T We weep for we know.that oehind yotr rernkins? :' : Drtm 'JUaktoaT'"tn &T1 Its' bran cTies, BltUinrjlates' A tender young flock, that had need of thy care,. styles, Hats and .r ISonnet - ckaneil ; and rctrinnned To guide them along over Life's weary plains, Featherfli curled, etc. Siamplnffcloco to order But ay iny iona momer love, and thy e'er faithful tons covered while you wait. Burial Salts a Specialty . : - ' . : , ! ? : .:pray'r;-;- - .. :. : We weep for we knowjhar thy husband V kind- nean ... Was rent with the sorrow that came when you died. And bitter indeed was the summons to part. riuin uwue:wno so.iaitWul had , walked by . "NTn TP . , - FIRST SOUTH STIiEET, - , J his side. But yet do we know in that bright day to come You'll all meet acain wh r Mini. Can mar the sweet joys of your Heavenly home. wi uwiu lioin your miast take the loved ones again. v . M Died in Grantsvill - MRS. M. E, VAN, M. D. HAS REMOVED her office, from Constitution Building to her resideuce, I67THIRD STREET. Office hours, 2 to 4 p m r. vv ' h .THOM p. W. Jackson. ; ' , OBITUARIES. . :; : ik Bnghts disease . of the kidneys. Louisa wife of wuiwd u aim aaugnter ot John and i. Eastham.She was born December 6th. Jane 1 m. WerDy England, baptized r when vears oldrpyshire ,o.O-- n Urr,aA Emigrated to. America, April 23rd. in the same jonn y. lioyd. Crossed the Flams, in James S. Brown's company, arrived in Grantsvi letheame year, and resided in this city until her death. She was the mother of twelve children, ten survive her; she was f-Lobserver of the Word rvfWJc r of the Wird choir and a teacher in the Relief . ' '"v. woo, t kuuu wiie i 26t28130and32Ea5tistSontliSt, SAI.T LAKE CITY. - A-- V"uie ; KpaT! 3!!. a.Laaay -- v ' ; ; r - L The Leading Retail 1 Cash "Hbiasr - Saint- Rose HAMMoND.President. M. A. House, Secretary, r dhSrIS :Stdaom InSf Died at West Porterville, Morgan JS92, Mabel M. Stoddard, beloved Ctor O. and Elizabeth ; . ' - H ; ' .. mw-w- . . ; . IN ME MORI AM. .i t our beloved sister and friend, who having led a of invitation has been called home: We desire to pay a tribute of respect to her ' " memory. Resolved, that we her associates and ers, of the Primary Association do fondly cherish her memory (and while we sadly miss herr'we feel" to bow in humble submission to the divine r . will of Heaven. . :.. . with we condole that Resolved, her,bereaved family in the' loss of their dear one,' not, however without the consoling reflection that she has gone in her purity and is worthy to come forth in the first resurrection. ., life worthy of Mabel Mlstoddard: - Father Wf- ha . . s to mory ui our xyv.in.c ancu h,j to ,mourn theucdvemy lQssof TINNERS CAS, WATER &. STEAM FITTER tAgeniforllUMSEyScelebraiedLlFTaDdFl I'UM rs. Pump s Kpalre4 m host uotie.-Otdernromptly rftondefI to. . )AVID JAMESJ-Box.o0Salt7leGjt- yT , ? ' ' ttP 