1, WOMAN'S EXPONENT. JUNE. 17f material, and the- people have been' generous in their response to her appealvery for contributions. She has collected dress silk, pongee, lace, twist, reeled sill cocoons. Some of the dres material is very beautiful, though .made upon a hand lue vnie mat is used for weavin nr v.carpet. .ho attempt will be made to obtain a prize on manufactured goods, Jbutit Is believed that Utah silk is of a very superior, quality and if a prize can . be obtained for. our raw material it will eive a reat imnnlc fi, - of melmly To wake June has the charm The air to music when her name is heard; In grove and field hers is the magic work silence song for summer's sake; The winds low whispering, the sudden break Of silver syllables where streams are stirred - The muffled trumpet of the bee and bird Whose lyric notes float downward, flake by flake. Dear child of summer, yours the happy choi Delicious days and dewy nights to bring, To make the gardens fragrantly rejoice, To give sweet tune to every silent thing, industry. To bold the world enraptured by your voice brief account of the silk o ... . A And tempt all nature, sing! industry To win from ; JS . poet-like,t- Selected. ; . . as gently along, tip-toAnd stood a moment to take a peep And there was Grandma fast asleep. ; e, 5k : wake; shake, Or tap at her door, or softly call, But I hadn't the heart for that at She looked so sweet and so quiet there Lying back in her high arm chair, With her dear white hair, and a little smile That means she's loving you all the while, I didn't make a speck of noise, I knew she was dreaming of little boys And girls who lived with her long ago And then went to heaven, she told me so. : I m - - -- 'Grandma, dear, its time for tea," - : her eyes and looked at me Andsaid 'why pet, I havej'ustJnQaiiirfiamed. Of a little angel who came and seemed She opened To kiss me lovingly on my face," She pointed right at the very place, 1 never told her it was on . ly me I - -- all' went up close and I didn't speak One word, but I gave her on her cheek The softest bit of ajittle kiss Just in a whisper,and then said this, - : " de-sig- Mamma said, "little one, go to see If Grandma's ready to come to tea," I knew I mustn't disturb her, so I knew it was time for her to I thought I'd give her a little . in other countries will help to show what our Utah industry may become. The process of rearing the silk worm , At the close of the talk there was exthe reeling Jhread and making- - it - into - cloth was dis- hibited the sage green silk in the sage n covered in China 2,600 13. C. by Mrs. Dallin; threads . from the material of the Utah curtain, spun silk, silk .The knowledge of the art spread through eastern Asia, before the Christian era In from perforated cocoons, Utah and Japanese the year 555 A. D. two Nubian monks cocoons and a fine piece of Utah silk which had been in use constantly for fifteen years." brought silk worm eirers to ConshinHnnni S. L. Herald. and the Emperor Justinian established the industry there. Sericulture soread mmMlv through Europe and became bne of its chief "A LESSON. industries. In France at the present time , h silk is manufactured to the value of one If on a lofty pinnacle one could; hundred and twenty million francs annually look standing down upon this great seavof human and from 800,000 to 1,000,000 operatives life, how many lessons of a different " are employed. nature one might learn, how many do we Silk culture was introduced into America then learn as we mix up with, and struggle .in 1522 by Cortez. Georgia Was founded for existence in this great tumultuous sea; as a silk colony. John I. endeavored to A friend once taught me a lesson which I; force Virginia to raise ' silk but they prenope never to forget. ferred .to produce tobacco. Many of the -- One summer afternoon I was visiting my polonies made successful attempts at silk friend Mrs. H, and after adjourning to her, to enjoy a quiet time "culture, but during the revolution it was neat cosy sitting-rooFrom as we termed it, she soon be182s to i8& by ourselves, entirely suspended. 'the interest revived and silk culture might came bu have become-wel- l established if it "had not. .piece of fancy work, while I seated myself jbeen for the schemes of some jealous men. on a low ottoman at the opposi te side ofThe price of mulberry cuttings ran from " the room, and began passing away my -.i$..ahundred paring over !'theileWes'6Caphoto-- . "$500:" time-bMany persons lost their entire fortunes.- graph atbum. We had been silent for some time, each" It was not long after this revi val of interest in sericulture that the Latter-da- y Saints' one seemingly busy, with her own thoughts. came to this Valley. Brigham Young quickly Now and then my glance would leave, the perceived how well adapted this climate book and fall on my friend, and a pleasing was to silk culture. He mentioned the fact picture she made, sitting at a open window, when fixing the site for the temple, and in dressed in sweet' negligee, well becoming his first sermon in the valley spoke of such a sultry day. She was a little above sericulture as one of the industries which the medium height, and possessed a full.; should make this people prosperous. He rounded form; on this particular day she d house dress of sent fo France for m ulberry seed which he wore a loose, had planted in his own garden, and person- - : some fine material, a cluster of dark red ally superintended the work. He gave roses was pinned ori her bosom, her jet away cuttings to all who would take them. blackhair, naturally wavy, was tastily coiled Later on he sent to France for silk worm low in the neck. She was of English eggs, distributing: eggs and leaves to all birth, indeed one might easily imagine her-- a descendant of some titled family.:, ;;:.:'V-- ' who cared toxperiment with them. After one of these lingering looks, I again 7 About 1865 he built a cocoonery at Forest Dale and placed Yav in began turning over the leaves until I came ' competent person charge. Soon after this, a systematic at to thepictureof a man I had noticed before, ' tempt was made to introduce the industry and Whom I had met at my friend's house. ; :i throughout the territory. Mrs. Zina D. several times. I broke the silence to ward from Suddenly ward went by asking, ; explaining Young who-aio"how.is it; Mrs. ;IIr that you l-l the method 01 canne tor the worms and different a eniirely of nature, are so closely urging the importance of the industry. to bound this family by the ties of friendA general interest was soon awakened' am told I by good authority that he and many trees were planted. ; When the ship? cannot even write his own name, while his people were not able to build a cocoonery wife is a they made a cocoonery of their houses for noticed perfect oddity, and really have yon,', how: their little daughter so idolizes; the required six weeks in the spring; that she mimics almost every move literally turning themselves out of doors. you In 1876 the Deseret Silk association was made by you, until it becomes amusing?' formed. An exhibit of beautifully reeled Mrs. H. made no remark, nor even looked" silk wajinadejitrtlie ceived a diploma. At "the Territorial fair then with heightened color, and with such L reTJTOOt . GRANDMA'S ANGEL. I stepped - artificial flower work, and dress silks of various kinds. Soon after the Legislature appropriated fifteen hundred dollars to encourage the in austry. This sum was too small to equip an adequate manufacturing plant and 'an effort was made to obtain some capital by forming the Utah Silk association. They invested about seven thousand dollars arid did a good business for a time. Utah county still has a flourishing silk association and produce some good material. Silk is. an indispensibte article of com merce. The demand for 'it is growing all the time. If Utah could produce more of the necessary raw material it would greatly add to our prosperity. - . y up-to-joo-an- d-even i y , took her hand and we went to tea. Selected. : . SILK CULTURE. , We are very happy to note the sudden interest taken in the silk industry, and hope it will lead to active work in such a Tay that those who have labored so faithfully will receive an impetus for more work and a more thorough system will be adopted. The beautiful portieres and furniture made from the Utah., silk awaked quite an interest m the subject. Our own people were surto prised discover how much had been done, - but the newer residents of Utah were most surprised and greatly delighted. v Mrs. C. ' Allen recently prepared and read at an tuiertamment given betore, the ladies ot the ilmtarian-2h- u rctia- - wrvtthl e"7rrtTrlFTTrr silk culture in Utah, and though in the" last issue we published an article; on the same subject by ;Mrs. Striughamu ' we believe a synopsis of Mrs. Allen's article will be in-terest- ing to our readers: T?e- PPortunity to make an exhibit of in the woman's building was j not given until Just before the opening of he fair, but the committee have labored mxmdmtommT consider-- " ML-MisCi- na down the. Territory collecting silk i . ! 1 , . 7 , - - - - -- cream-colore- " 4a .a-10a- igJ-hemwera- fabrics handkerchieis, : lace, stockings, l Ot ... ThSf I "Shall newr- Sfnrcret F Continued on page 175.) X 