WOMAN'S VKXPONKNT. 4 twenty negroes oulhe .sail of ' .. 7 .1.. presented tlie ne'jro were in -" given ' Virginia. They exchange freedom and ' the famishing crew. I yji ini) uoaars. .for food to relieve her slaves who had emancipated will be interesting to know that the first -m the war. Several myd other states did : cotton seed was planted two years later and ' tlie same. - that tobacco was also grown at that time. Iachusetts belongs the honor of The institution once planted was for a , niff the first state to abolish slavery. In time of rather slow growth. Only a few she 1700 formed a stn'tp fWct;t.i: for severcargoes of negroes were imported wmcn -soon died out. slavery al years." Irr 1624 there were only twenty-eigh- t The last Continental Congress on July slaves in the 'colony of Virginia; and U '3"1. 1787, Passed an act nrnh in 1648 in a population of 15,000 only 300. north east of tle Ohio River. In 1671 they had increased to two thousand The convention that met in ,and in 1758 had reached to the great numPhiladelphia May 25th, 1787, to frame the Constitution ber of joo.ooo, a little less than that of the of the United States, whites. ajterjyprolonged deinserted bate, theclauses protecting slavery At first only the Dutch ships engaged in the in 'States. It also permitted the impor the unholy traffic, but soon encouraged by and lajidcti . 1 v;-..:- , ' ! 47 from the United States in 1792. In 1793 one million five hundred thousand pounds were exported to Kurope.; In the commencement ot the session of 1806- -7 President Jefferson, in his message .to Congress recommended the of abolishing the Afrjcan slave trade, consequently such a law was passed prohibiting the importation of slaves into the United States or the Territory thereof, after Dec. 31st, 1807. v In 18 20 Maine applied for admission to the Union. . The number of states were equally divided, eleven free and eleven slave states. The South were opposed to Jts admission notbeingw'illing-tha- t the should have control in the Senate. After a long and angry discussion it was In the same year Missouri the English, companies were formed and tation of 'slaves till the year 80S. "Among- admitted. carried uie. ueiegates who strongly opposed the wanted to come in as a slave Territory. ships built in New Kngland himself sharing in recognition of slavery in the Constitution This was objected to by. the Northern on the trade, were Mr. Madison of Virginia, Governor states, finally a measure was adopted and the profits. The colony of New York was settled by Morris of Pennsylvania, Rufus King of became a law called the Missouri ComproMassachusetts, Luther.Martinof Maryland. mise which provided that no slaves be althe Dutch in 1609, and . was culled New Netherlands. It is not known precisely George Washington and Thomas Jefferson lowed excepting . in . Missouri, north of both owned slaves, but true to their Iat. 36 30. when slavery was introduced but probably The Quakers still agitated the subject of existed from- nearly the beginning of its principles were not" in favor of perpetua. Under their rule there was ting the, institution. settlement. Washington at his slavery They had emancipated all of their death emancipated his slaves.. Jefferson's slaves in Maryland, Pennsylvania and only a mild form of domestic slavery. The New Jersey. At a single monthly meeting blacks were fed and clothed equally as well facile pen eloquently pleaded for the freedom of the black. He wrote, "The1 hour in Pennsylvania eleven hundred slaves were as the white servants, for the benevolent of emancipation is advancing in the march given their liberty. Benjamin Luiidy, a Hollander loved to see all around him hapQuaker who advocated gradual emancipaIt is recorded that of time. It will come. It is a practice in tion, py and comfortable. established in 1 82 1 an y "so light was his servitude that the negroes? parts of Virginia .to rear slaves for the market. How can an honorable mind, a paper; and published it successively in sang and danced at Christmas and Puikster Philadelphia, Baltimore and Washington. as merrily as though they were free." patrot and a lover, of his country bear to In Vermont anothervvas beintr published. see this ancient Dominion, rendered illus-tnoDuring the reign of Queen Elizabeth about by the noble devotion of her sons in edited by William toyd Garrison who the yean 562 the English government gave afterward became the leader of the Abolition its royal sanction to the slave trade. The. the cause of liberty, converted into one where men are to be Party, yand advocated the most extreme Queen at first objected, but Sir John grand menagerie, raised for the market like oxen for the measures to carry but his purposes. Wen Hawkins, a slave merchant, persuaded her shambles. Is this better, is it not .worse dell Phillips was an ardent follower and" by his crafty eloquence, that it was better to both urged secession before the tneytake the negro from a bad country to a than the Slave Trade, that trade which en South. In 1842 their political war cry was listed the good and the wise of every creed good onefand froin idolatry to Christianity. union "No with 'slave holders," but the When the English took possesion of the and every chine to abolish ltr Indeed, 1 two great political parties who held the New Netherlands in 1664, the name was tremble for my country when I reflect that preponderance of votes at that time, the God is just, that his justice cannot sleep for-changed to New York, the condition ofti.e and Democrats were not so extreme Whigs slaves was altered and they were subjected' ever.' The Almighty nas no attribute 111 their views. to greater hardships, because of the laws which can take sides with us in suclfa con Jin 1S44 Texas applied for admission into YOU MUST ADOPT SOME PLAN OF test. that were made expressly for them. the Union as a slave state. This was op JB.MAN CIPATION- - OR WORSE WILL FOIXOW. e sin posed by the Whigs and favored- by the iyeari6 Vt7the slave rc Madison and6thers landed a cargo of negroes in the colony of Patrickllenn'. Tames Democrats and was the great political issue used their toneues .. and pens against: the conMassachusetts,-frothat time slavery during the presidential election in that vear public-Opinitinued and increased 'till; ijSo; It would inhuman practice, Put James K. Polk and .Henry-Cla- y being the. did not voice of it. favored and the mercy be interesting to follow' the rise of this candidates. At that time the Prophet institution iu all of the colonies but time prevail at that time. Smith also was nominated as a Joseph f til s 178 From 1790 will not permit, suffice it to say that, it candidate by his people and his "views of "of the most until increased, existed in them all nearly from the time of the Powers and the Policy of the United for laws States Northern providing passed their first settlements excepting Georgia States Government' ' contained the follow- 'last public mg, " Were 1 President of the United the gradual ...emancipation. which was the thirteenth and last colony, :? t? 11 act oi me yeneraDie lieiijamiu naiiMiu and was founded by the British Government. States, when the people petitioned to abolish to memorial a to was Congress, urging sign For prudential reasons slavery was not per. slavery, I would use all honorable means to witn to the its away attention slavery doing have their prayers granted .and give liberty mitted until seventeen years had elapsed, Nov. was this 1790. in the states, 191, to the when the long struggle against it ceased captive, by giving the southern a law State York New passed In 1799 and slavery was legalized in 1 749 . gentleman a reasonable amount for his of extinction Among the first to raise his voice and providing for the gradualeffort was made property, that the whole nation miVht. free indeed." Tlad this humane" and iif wield the pen in favor of the slave and slavery. I11 'that year an end. same umicu uui uy me Dames in uKjiiy against slnvei v wac Samuel Sewall at one in Kentucky to accomplish the lives the that were sacrificed in the time Chief Justice of 'the Superior Court of Henry' Clay who w?s then in the beginning power, movethe advocated war ot tne rebellion would have been fircf nHlriP of his bnll ant career tr.. . n iNortu . tne Uitt milure. In f .L it va5 saved and not a tithe of the money spent. m0.,t "samau Maverv in me coiony; it was u ia-- v m tne out The Democrats elected , their candidate The Quakers also slave labor was unprohtabie and cottonsunny published in 1700. were rice James K Polk, and in March 1845 Texas were in favor of abolishing slavery at that South where tobacco, was at home, and was admitted into the Union. This led to time, but dared not make their views public rn ti vated . the African as they were under a ban. the labor suited to his nature. Cotton was the war with Mexico which resulted in the It is computed that 300,000 slaves .were only cultivated in small quantities because, acquisition of a vast tract of Mexican Terof separating ritory which was all free soil; Mexico havimported up to the time of the Declaration of the difficulty of from the fibre; In 17 9 2 Eli Whitney 0 ing freed her slaves twenty years before. Independence, the whole slave populaand to David Welmbt of Pennsylvania brought Georgia jMassachussetts went tion was 501,102. During the Revolutionmade it which easy a bill before Congress in 1846 prohibiting ary War the negroes both bond and free invented the cotton gin from the from that, slavery in all the Territory that might be seed, enlisted and helped to fight the battles that to take the cotton wonderful a received secured through the' treaty with Mexico tiro cotton growing resulted in American Independence. been had cotton exported This measure vas called the Welmot Rhode close of the war impetus, No i i -- j : , 1 free-state- s ' - : the-kin- g - - anti-slaver- : us - - . , -- In-th- - - w A ... - on . -- anti-slaver- y no-i'fnfio- . ... 1 1 un cc,t ' 4. . 1 the-see- . Island, at the d ; 