WOMAN'S sentiments from several of those present notably Mrs. Zina I). H. Young, Mrs. M. Isabella Home, President Joseph F. Smith, President 'Angus "M. Cannon, Mrs. E. J. MacFariane, Hr. R. B. Pratt and Mrs. W. East. . The whole affair was an enjoyable occasion and the idea entertained by the several Committees who had it in charge, to give those who are such busy men and women a delightful afternoon was . ,A PICTORIAL CHART. Mrs. Eva Hasbrouck, of this city, has designed and brought out a pictorial chart, giving liKeuessesoi me leading lounders of some of the most important missions in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints. This chart has a Key published in pamphlet form giving some facts in this sister's own experience and also of the establishment of the Church, the testimony of the three witnesses to the Book of Mormon, and a very, brief sketch of the meii who opened up the Gospel in the several countries mentioned, America, Joseph Smith, Canada, Sidney Rigdon, England, Heber C. 'Kimball, Fox Islands,. Wilford Wood, ruff, Scotland, Orson Pratt, Ireland, Theodore Curtis, Isle of Man, John- Taylor. Wales, , John Needham, Society Islands, Addison Pratt, Utah, Brigham Young, France, William Howell, Denmark; Eras-tu- s d Snow, Italy, Lorenzo Snow, Gudmundson, Switzerland, T, B. H. Stenhouse, Australia, Charles Wi- Wendell, Sandwich Islands, George Q. Cannon. India. William. Willis Nnrwav Hans Peter Tensen. .German v. Daniel (krri, Sweden, Andres W. Winberg, South Africa, William H,' Walker, Gibralter; y -- . - Ireland-Gudmun- -- MwirrdtevensonHolIdPaur August ellielrmianaiOIAiJtorsail-- nand Fritz Hiutze, Samoan Islands, Joseph H. Dean, Belgium, Charles Schneitter, Parley P. Prat. Rufus C. Allen, South America, Hosea Stout and other Elders to China in 1852, Orson Pratt and W. W. Riter Austria. New Zealand, Wm. Cook, Russia, Roumania, Bulgaria, Egypt and other R. S. REPORTS. EAST LOA WAYNE CO. Editor Woman s Exportent: Dear Sister. Thinking a few lines from this little quiet and out of the place, would be of interest to you, we pen - you these few items. o:.. the 3rd,"i892 with Sister '.t Helen A. A... T)iLf x' Max-fiel- d as president; owin; to the scattered people we have not made as rapid progress as we would wish, ourr time having been taken up wi'li the sick a great deal, what U. AV. P. CLUB. few have their names enrolled are very xjir, u. w. r., uuD met at tne Jbxpo- - energetic and trying to do the best they can. NENT. parlor Saturday, evening of xJuly We sincerely wish to have your 'valuable 30, the president in the chair; prayer by paper the Exponent in our Society and a Lillie T. Freeze minutes of Juue meeting few of the sisters have donated together of read and approved: General business was' their little mites and as we cannot send the next in order. The names of Mrs. Zina silver, we hope ycu will accept a few and send us "your paper in the D. H. Young Mrs. Elmina S. Taylor, Miss stamps, 1 a o TIT'. iv. w. Ada Patterson and Miss Benson were proiuu mav eiiu. u'a iu .1me presiueni, posed as members, motion put and accepted hoping this will be accepted, we remain in the Gospel. your Sisters and unanimously. A letter was then read from the secretary umcers are as loiiows, Helen Maxfield, President. desiring to be- excused for several ... weeks absence. Mrs. Mi A. Freeze also sent an Counselors. Maria Jakkman. excuse for unavoidable absence. I Susan Turner, Miss Maude Pratt favored the club with ' Christiana Coons, Sec. Zempa from Arnold and a selection from the music being executed in DAVIS STAKE. fine style and charming every listener, a hearty vote of thanks followed.- Lula The Relief Society Conference of Davis Greene Richards recited an original poem entitled the "Eloquence of Action." The Stake ' was held at Kaysville July, 21st, 1893. president said, "these meetings are simply President Susan Grant presiding. There for literary improvement and devoted to were present on the stand from Salt Lake the press and 15. wens or politics as we can vuy, oisiers ivi. 1. iiorne auu discussion also Bishop Barton and others. secure these things m other places.. q MeetinjOpened by singing subject should... be . . presented- - , here. upon which we are likely to conflict or that "yet aliVe'etcT PrayeFbyCouTiselor" Alary Clark, Singing, "Redeemer of Israel our An animated discussion of the Sixth "tffitjT "dghtMinuWsrrorth'eprevious were read and approved. Sense was followed by refreshments. - The meeting President Grant expressed her pleasure x President suggested that our next meeting at again meeting in the capacity of a con. should be an evening with the poets, each" ference "I know that it is a verv busv time member to either write an original poem or here and we can't expect many to come to select something from her favorite author, ' meeting. I feel to acknowledge the hand the author to be a woman. of the Lord in all things. I think we are Meeting adjourned for one mouth, blest in coming forth in this day, and there benediction By Phebe .C. Young. are so many blessings that we enjoy." Ellis R. SniPP, Sec. pro tern. Spoke about sustaining our home papers, "I think it is our duty to do so especially the . 1 co-labor- 1 ers - - ' ' ' similar.-things,- of-relig- a ion : .AlA'ii4.-:are:w- . n v . - countries have also had the Gospel car ried to them by the Elders at different times. This chart is original in arrangement and is in the form 'of a tree of Sunflowers the faces of the Elders in the centre; on each side the tree is a .Scroll with the names and relative countries inscribed, and the 21 gaged in sericulture send such facts and items as they consider valuable, to the Exponent office in this city as soon as practicable, to. be embodied ii a report to the general committee in of what has been accomplished in Chicag6 Utah in this enterprise. Reports from the several counties' that have been previously asked for by the secretary of the committee who is now in Chicago, must alsobesent here to be compiled. Please remember, this so that the report may be made as complete as possible. By order of the chairman of the committee. - will-crteimpleasant- ' EXPONENT. - REORGANIZATION. . Editor Woman's Exponent: As our" Relief Society in the 9th, Ward nf this Citv has been reorganized, I . thought itv would be well to apprise you of the same. truuk of the tree has Joseph and Hyruni Smith and three witnesses likenesses in it. of. our belovedPresi- mLogetner uie.cnart ltseitis artistic, 6 vvinjr to li 6F the though photographs are not works' Sister Sarah E. Groo, which occurred art; with this exception it could be well dent, June 22, 1892. since which time Sister recommended, and the explanation given E, S. Webb has acted in; that position until M Mrs. Hasbrouck in the Introductory to June 6, 1893, when Bishop b. A. Wooiley the Key is quite happily written and can-pcounselors were present at our general fail to impress those who read it, there ?nd in order to organize us as a meeting is such a cershe spirit of sincerity in it; 7 society. deserves for the tainly credit set apart as presiwas pains Mair great Sister Mary she has taken to remembrance perpetuate Sister Elizabeth A. Wooiley as of those whose labors, have been of such dent with first, and Sister Martha Barn) w as second inestimable value in spreading the Gospel. .counselor. t' A vote of thanks was tendered to Sister Webb for the able manner in which she THE SILK INDUSTRY. IN UTAH. had presided since the death of Sister Groo, It is Uie Woman's Silk which was carried unanimously v'r the-deat- A. -- . ot ; .: request of the 7 Martha Bakko w, Acting Sec. mmitteej3r Utah that jvoinen Uiroughout , Relief Society... thrTerritery who have been actively7 enr" 9th Ward -- . Woman's Exponent. My counselors and I have visited the different branches in the county and were kindly received by the bishops and the people; we enjoy and benefit ourselves when we do our duty. We have come together to be blest and comfort ed and I think that we will be. I should JikeeryLmuch to see tne vountr creoare themselves for this work.,, May the spirit of the 'Lord rest abundantly on each one that may speak to us." , .. Sister M. I. Home said she always felt that the path of duty is the path of safety It does not matter who the speaker is if they have the spirit oC the Lord to dictate them; said we should try and do away with the spirit of faultfinding, spoke about the World's Fair and the grand exhibits they had there. Said those who have not received the gospel are far behind us in the knowledge of good; showed the difference in opinions of people in regard tp the World's Eair;. referred- - to the temple and what a grand privilege arid blessing it is to us. to go. there and work for the dead, w - - - K ' X 