WOMAN'S' KXI'ONfcNTr ob!c Woman 'loss is great, but brimming over full of whose-- Mann. A umber of fiiu.make tb magazine more driml.u , vmI3 lonle 1'ature should be sustained, Austot '3.a - 1010. at-tain- . - -- longings-andexpect- EDITORIAL NOTES. The Relief Society Conference minutes will be concluded in the next number of the paper, and the story "In Rural England" continued. We have much matter laid over, the minutes of several Conferences in different places, organizations and re branches of the Relief organizations-o- f Society and meetings in different localities, all these will be given as soon as convenient. . ". 7- - Our readers will be delighted to know that Utah has taken three medals for her Welf 35 11 1 ' . seems a foregone conclusion. TZious Home Monthlv edited h" j semi-monthl- of-ou- r grand-daughte- r, d. - - - great-grandmoth- er . . -- ight," from the pen of one of the ablest writers and educators of his time Horace 1 1 . -- .. -- ad; young,-rresiaeni- . MEETING. SEMI-MONTHL- Y Semi-Month- ly Meeting held in the 14th, Ward Assembly Rooms, Sep. 9tb, i893. President M. Isabella Horne presiding. Singing, ' ' "O, my Father, thou, that' prayer "by Counselor E. J. dwellest, again the Stevenson. After singing minutes of the previous meeting were " lead and approved. No response to President Home's call for minutes from any of the Young Ladies or Primary Associations. Sister E. S. Taylor President Y. L. M. ' by Henry y, first-grandchil- Minutes of the W. Naisbitt after some mouths delay,makes its appearance again in a new dressWith yery creditable outside covef, illustrative of its aims and contents No. 1 volume 2 was issued October 1,1893 , and contains much excellent reading matter suited to the times and circumstances. The special article of the issue is "Woman's Education in a New , I, A. said she desired the faith and prayers 01 the sisters to enlighten her mind and rest on us all. "Often the speaker is more blest tlian those who hear. A few sisters meet here, but how small the number! If they were anxious to speak good of God, andj his kindness to them, quite as anxious as to devote days to recreation, there would be so many more industries and other home manufactures. Success to the enterprise. , Ouu readers will be pleased to know that one most esteemed potts and faith! ful contributors Mrs. Augusta J. Crocheron Has had an addition to her family: a beautiful little born to her daughter Zma E. wife of Sylvester Walker Some are more diligent, some are more of South Bountiful, Davis Co. on October earnest, some are more faitrfful than others. When the time comes, and Christ comes to 7, 1.893. the number there is great rejoicing, in the his all the faithful, ones family, and will be up " jewels, there. The accounts of destruction, the Exi'Onent extends most sinrpm. misery and death that we read in the papers gratulations to the parents, and grandare 1. tli little. terrible! Do we pause and think? - Did i mrtitc w v nine unc, Aviiu is we ueueve not God ay He would pour out his indigto Le named Caroline'in honor of, the mother s- sister ana it was also the name of the nation. on the inhabitants of the earth, for Caroline Tackson of St.: they did not receive his gospel, neither his nronhets Tt 11; hprp in 7inn lrrV'frk -- Georgerwho was so well known among our people for her good works and labors of ourselves, serve God and be prayerful, ask God for aid when we are cast down, we can love. , go to Him and He" will send the spirit of Wednesday Oct. 4th, there was a very love and peace to us. Then when we have interesting Art Exhibit at the studio of Miss finished our work, he will take us to Rate Wells in the Mc Cornick Building in dwell with Him. ' Sister Mary ErKimball tins uty, by our home artists. Messrs ana bister xu. A. Watmough each bore a Clawson, liar wood, Culmer and Lenzi, also faithful testimony to the truth of the Gosr .Mesdames iiarwood, Carson, Sloan, Camp pel, and their desires to be ever found true bell and Miss Hartwell. The original to the same. painting of the picture by J. W. Clawson . Sister L. Greene Richards spoke of some exhibited at' the World's Fair, "Santa of the exercises she had witnessed at the Maria della Salute," Venice, was among Summer School held at Provo, also of a the collection at Miss Wells studio, the dream she had of her father, after he had picture is very fine and the people would be gone from this life; thought we should study well repaid in visiting the studio on such and go to school in the next life, and go rare occasions. Miss Wells expects to on learning forever. have another art exhibit on Dec. 1st, at A sister in the congregation spoke well, which time sfce will be glad to see all lovers and exhorted the sisters not to judge each of art come and view the collection, which other Thought we should feel for each will be enjoyable and educational so far,' other, both the rich and the poor, and preeven if one cannot afford to buy. Other pare for the coming of the Savior said many artists are expected to be represented at that other good things. Sister Mary Leaeh and time... Miss Wells is very painstaking in Bird each bore faithful testimonies. Sister her own line of work, coloring photos, and M. Y. Dougal, esiified that the spirit of God was in the meeting, gave many good takes delight in explaining the pictures exhibited to visitors. instructions, and exhorted the sisters to be c c ; i ui. aiu 4.1.; me oaviour wno luiuk. 01 al uumuie, descended below all things that he might r rise above all things, &c. RELIEF SOCIETY. Sister C. C. R. Wells, spoke very encouragingly, regretted that she could not Presidents and Secretaries of the sev attend these meetings oftener; felt comforted eral takes of Zion are requested hereafter in the testimonies borne here today.' Said to send Statistical arid Financial yearly re ueiieveu we wuuiu go uu m siuay ana ports to" Secretary Emmeline B. Wells, sne labor after we went from here. The spirit Exponent Office, Salt Lake City,and brief will reveal the truth to us, "I feel that we historical items relating to Relief Society should sustain each other, sustain home work, or workers should be sent to Sarah industries and seek to build up the kingdom M. Kimball recording Secretary, 74 S. 2nd, runner temporally; as sisters we should branch out West St. Salt Lake uty. in manufactures and not buy articles from particulars concerning these reports will be store, spoke of the Woman's Co-o- p given later. ... to sisters sustain the it. 'Said their urged Zina D. xi. milliner and dressmaker were first class, Sarah M. Kimball, Rec. Sec. and urged the sisters to patronize the Emmeline B. Wells, Sec. Institution; said many more instructive things and asked God to keep us all I exhibit, and it is ardently hoped by the patrons of horne industries here that this SllfVPCC wilt nrum ntt imnQhid fA Crifli1ltro and that another season will show some j good results in this direction in all parts of the country - where there are mulberry. orchards, and tljat the people will not be Slo W in- - nlnn?rt cr rvri fm hprrtr" t r&P r n d trying to make this industry remunerative. tr m me t' i resuuing a nv. ri:? vnicago irageuy death of Mayor Harrison has cast a gloom not only over, the closing of the Fair, but the whole city; all anticipated festivities are postponed temporarily if not permanently. After the wonderful brilliant pageantries of the world that have been enjoyed by the people during the Exposition, that all should close with a pageantry of sorrow and woe seems almost unaccountable, but such things prove how- - uncertain are all the LADIES' calculations made by men; that there is a silk" -- ed, ' ,a one nau uvea century,, and over, and three quavers wonderful manv changes in the had so well and had served so cause she loved and zealously; but the climax to faithfully, looked forward with fond and which she hopeful anticipation, had riot yet been though its dawn is already lighting the hill tops with the rainbow of hope, and the faith that lays hold upon the future was strong in the breast of one of its' most eloquent and powerful champions, Lucy Stone; and the news from the farroff island of the sea (New Zealand) of the victory of equal suffrage' won there, came likeglad tidingsjo cheer and brighten her hopes ere her departure to the' higher life She leaves a husband and beyond." ' or which" daughter to carry on the work-fso laid a she foundation, and magnificent of hundreds earnest adherents to the many so she cause vigorously espoused, converted byher magnetic eloquence, who will seek to emulate her earnestness of purpose,' and ato fulfill her ardent tions. Hereafter we will give a sketch of this heroine of the nineteenth century whose memory will be forever green in the hearts o(true patriots and lovers of liberty. Mass 1 - uhose life was iood works, was born in West JJrookfield .so 53 : President Horne announced the Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society and desired the sisters to attend. Testified to the good-spi- rit here today; spoke of the outlook for the crop next year, let us ask God not to cut it off, but still bless us and sustain us in our many needs. Let us be faithful, never cherish unkind thoughts to each other, be slow to take offence and be humble. God bless us and make us wise virgins, prepared to meet Him when he comes. ; ' 'Owing to the General Conlerence in October coming on our aiso our Keiiei regular Aieeung-aa- y Semi-annu- al 