V 'WOMAN'S KXrOKKNT. 40, The commissioners-- miet at Ghent and (. concluded on the 24th, Decerning, 1S14. Ratified by Congress on February 17th, J The news was brought by an English sloop of war "Favorite" tinder a flag of truce, and was hailed with the greatest we record the death of another of God's noble women, Sister Lydia Ann lollev the. beloved wife of Elder Williamson Westley Jolley, anl loving daughter of Brother John 15nmhau and bister Annareua Harris Sister Lydia Ann departed this life March Harder, Prest. Sarah Harder, Ass't. j life March 2Sth,iS93,at Dingle, Bear Lake Co. Idaho, She was born March 25, 1812, at Brumsley, Nottinghamshire, England. She joined the Church in 1849 Emigrated to Utah 1862. Came to Paris. Bear Lake in 1S65 and was a teacher in the first Relief Society organized in Bear Lake Valley; she moved to Dingle 1873, and held the office of fir? t counselor to the Relief Society at the time ' of her death. Whereas it has pleased God our Heavenly Father tocall from our nvdst our beloved sister and friend at a good old age. Therefore be it resolved by the members of the Dingle Relief Society that while we-- feel sad at parting with our sfster we will remember her earnest exhortation, and practical faith in her religion. Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be sent to her family also published in the Woman's Exponent and the same be placed upon the Record of the Relief Society. ; , - ft. K THOMAS 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st SouthSt, . SALT LAKE CITY. Leading Retail The, Cash at-Bed- ford OUSf, - 1 Wosu'i ".Mi lin Keeps on Hand t DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS . AND STATIONERY,-EQUI-POISE WAISTS, ETC. Maria Adams, 1 Mary'E. Baterman, R. Y. ..to-oim- . . In behalf of the Relief Society Nash. . in all its brapches, Jlilllnery, latei cleaned and retrimmed styles, Hat and Bonnet Feathers curled, etc Stamping: dorc to order. But tons covered while yon wait. Barf nl Sn!U n Specialty Ore May we follow your example, Be as humlle and as true. Wear a crown, as bright in glory, And return SfV peace like you. R. Y.N. linking 1Jn 1NU. A11 Q O. WEST TK.TIPLE STJtKET. Opp. Grant Bros. Stubles. I PjEDat Georgetown,, KaneCpzUtahJuly4thT Sarah Elizabeth Stewart wife of Joseph A. lie. EI.I.K li. SIIII'P. 1893, Stewart. 'She was the daughteJ of William F. and Mary Ewell; was born April 18th, 1S41, in Livingston Co. Missouri and was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of L. D. S. when eight years old; earn e to Utah, walking the greater part of the way. In 1862 she was married to J. A. Stewart at Salt Lake Citv. She lived in several places in the Territory and at one time was president of the Relief Society in the Pahreah Branch of the Kanab Ward which office she faithfully performed. She. Six children all of whom were fonrilv nttnrhl ir ner. 01 nne was always Kina and goon"Jto her familyand to all, and died in full faith in the gospel. She : ; ""v Day Saints utjuc toiui ner cxinuren 10 be faithful Latter study the and to live it. . Lydia A. Johnson. 1 whodepirted this RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT.- n. -- . - To the memory of Sister Mary Cooper Oakey - " " RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Bi- EciiEK Hooker is the most cosmopolitan woman at the Everywhere she seems to carry, out as far as possible in her owu person the hospitable duties which she felt were ofK sufficient importance to have warranted the sitting of the Board of Lady Managers during the summer. Her welcome to the Catholics on their great day. at thei World's Fair and her part in the discussion at the Jewish Women's Congress, are two recent" instances of m any that show her wido. sympathy with all who think and work and 7 aspire. Ex. f Sec. To the memory of Sister Elsie Booth, who departed this life at Alpine, Utah July 10, 1S93, after a short illness, but passed away in a calm sleep. Sister Booth was born Leigh, Dec. She 1S25. 21. Lancashire, England joined the Relief Society here in 1S67 and has been a faithful worker ever since, she was a teacher and secretary which offices she faithfully performed the duties of for many years. Whereas our- Heavenly Father has seen fit in his Alwise Providence to call from our midst our dearly beloved sister, Resolved that we the members of the Relief Society feel that we have lost a true and faithful worker, always ready and willing to do good. Resolved that we cherish her memory and regard her wise counsel evtr worthy of emulation.. Resolved that these resolutions be recorded in the Record BookW the Society and a copy sent to the Exponent1 for public -- OBITUARIES. Mrs. Isaijku.a ; Ann t, resurrection. "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord!" Cynthia Ann Jolley, President. Effie S. JOLLhY,Asst. Secretary. . Mary Goodliffe Prest. e isrim-nal- l. ur , Kx-positio- IN MEMORIAM. -- but that er co-lalor- In membry of Emily Worth rop Woodard who died in Kamas, July , 12th, 1S93; aged 86 years, 6 months and 5 days. Grandma Woodard, as she was lovingly called,, was born in Milford, Conn. Embraced the Gospel in i$40,in Kirtland, Ohio and emigrated to Utah" with her family in 1847. She was a member of the first Relief Society in Nauvooand was a faithful member of the Kamas Relief Society and was ever ready to bless and comfort the sick and sorrowing, and, Whereas our Heavenly Father in His wisdom has seen fit to call from our midst our beloved sister. Therefore be it resolved the Relief Society emulate her humbTe. and faithful example. these . Resolvedthatve:i presents copyof with our bereaved to the family, resolutions, arid kind a of loving loss, sympathy lor their ' mother, and wise counselor, and that a copy be published in the Woman's Exponent and a copy-bplaced on the record of the Relief Society. . 28th. 18937 after suffering intensely for several months with cancer in the stomach. She was born September I9'h, 1851, at Payson, Utah Co, 1S66 to Elder Wiland was married March whom she had ten liamson. Wesdey Jolly, by children, nine of whom are living:, she has ever been a faithful wife and mother and an earnest worker in the cause of truth. She was selected as treasurer in the first organization of this Relief Society which was effected April istt 1877, and in March 4th, 1SS3 was chosen as Counselor in' this Relief Society which position she honorably held at the lime of her death. She was a model wife, Her home, the place mother and .house-keepe- r. where she displayed those charming attributes of to character that made it a paradise on earth, those with whom she w is thus associated.. ' She was a faithf 1! saint in the full sense of the term; no sacrifice was too' great for;her to make for the Gospel's Sake. She was loved and respected by ail who knew her. She suffered greatly but never murmured, through her last illness she manifested unbounded faith in the ordinances of the Gospel. Surrounded by her husband and children by her parents, her brother and istcrs and a host of friends, her every wish was anticipated. Everything that love and sympathy could do was lavished upon her; but prayers and tears were unavailing to prolong her earth'.y career. God in his infinite nisdom had called her home. The parting ordeal was very severe especially for the . heart broken husband who scarcely left her bedside .during all the, latter part of her illness. Sister Lydia Ann's nature was purely domestic, home was the place she adorned, and no truer wife and mother ever lived. May the Holy Spirit be with the bereaved of- triat-an- d ones toMCpmfort themaa-Uieir-no"prepare them She died as she had Kved: firm in the principles of the gospel, in the hope of a glorious have lost a faithful sister find f our loss is her gain. Your sister in the Gospel of Peace, Weep not that htr toil is wer, Weep not that her race is run. flANK A. Sparks, I'rest. I Committee Mary Ann Nate, RESOLUTIONS OF RBSPECTY V As the president expressed it "Peace was peculiarly welcome just then. Mardi 30th following was set apart 'as a day of rejoicing throughout the nation. Friends of the administration became lo.vers, enemies were silenced and thus closed the war of ' 181 2, With profound sadness ; ...l. (Sarah Dayton. 1S15. 4 A 1 ... 1 Diseases of Women a Specialty. ' Instructions upon these subjects; two classes taught yearly, beginning respectively Oct. 10th and April 10th. Reviews given to former students free of charge. For particulars enquire personally or by letter at No. 18 iMain St., Salt Lake City. fllfiGGIE C. SHIPP, ffi. D. - snel . ' Will commence her next class Jn Brierham Citv. Utah 1 middle of October. Office, 34 r East 5tti South, Telephone 383. i! 1 t T cancer and tumor, Sine Pe:er,son, beloved wife of J. C. Peterson of Sovvville. Born March iSth Mrs. m. -- 1836 in Denmark, was bantizpd in the Obstetrics and Nursing about ' Died at SURGEOXlAND :ACCOUCHEUR. a ernigrated to Utah the same year: was married to V- - reierbon m January 1S75, was called to the nTQ-- , orticeof Teacher in tha Rplii WiV.r ; n.:i City before it was divided into Wards in 1876 moved to Snowville in 1884, and was called to Relief Society of Snowville uimmc!: she held at the time of her death and fiHed .honorably ami faithfully, as Io- nas her afflictions would allow her so to do. She lived and died a faithful Latter-da- y Saint and the Rejief Society of this Ward feel that in her death they e: van, 1 m. p. her office, from Constitution Building to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Office hours, 2 to 4 p m HAS REMOVED ID-TTIID TINNERS CAS, -- J.11Z3 WATER A STEAM , Aeot for RUM3 EY8celebrated S5 CO.. FITTEP LIFTaDd FOB i PtTliPS. PtJmpa Repaired cn abort notice. Orders w anvntrv nromp.Iv responded to. DAVID JAMES, Box. 306. Salt Lake City i I i 1 