WOMAN'S EXPONENT! 117 EDITORIAL NOTES. occasion we need only say that everything was excelled, and all enjoyed the feast of ThK Conference of the Relief Society of good things as well as "the: feast of reason be held in 'the and the flow of soul," also the this Stake: of "Zion,-v- iir Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms in this music and for our dear "Aunt enchanting Zina," as City, Friday March 17th, 1893. This will she is lovingly designated may she live unbe an important time in view of the Temple til her soul is satisfied, and always be as dedication and the work for the Columbian greatly honored and beloved in Israel as she Exposition and the several branches in the is at the present time. " County should be ably represented that On Tuesday January .24th," an anniverthere .may be a proper understanding of sary party was given by Mrs. Amelia F. what is expected. There will be two meetA oung widow of the late ings, one at 10 a. m. "and one at 2 p. in. on S. Temple and no. doubt much valuable instruction-wi- ll 1 St West Sts. A limit fV.rfxr be given on matters of grave impor..UUU, yj 11VA lilCHUS eentlemen aririlnrl ...u tViJ.A.UlUlv. IIV tance. to honor the day, being the anniversary of Mrs. Elizabeth Stevenson gave a her mnrrirurp woro o ;v.ui.j uv.jiuic, n scemeu fewr old a time to December friends, a fitting time to- commemorate party ,and as Mrs. 29,and an elaborate dinner, and the ladies enhad been some time abroad and had Young joyed themselves as usual when she enter-- iccciiLiy. opened- - tier House, it was quite tains. She is. one of the genial hostesses , pleasant to call toeetlier a few f)f thn;p who knows just how"' to"entef tain ller were iormerly in the habit of visiting her guests, and never fails. She nas been in the more "palmy days." .Mrs. noted for her hospitality for some years past, had been accustomed to entertain Young bu a and her popularity in this respect is not large scale in the late President's lifetime, waning but on the increase. The company and knows exactly how to manage such all testify to the good time participated in, affairs. . .It is needless to say' she is a fine as well as the excellence of the viands and hostess the. fact is well establishprl On the genuine welcome always extended to this particular occasion, there were present the honored guests. 01 me Apostles John Henry Smith, Hehpr : Mrs. Eemina S. Tayeor gave a pleasant T. Grant. Abraham H. Can with other Jionor- party, Friday evening Jan. 13th, to a few dent Angus M. Cannon, "' able of her, intimate' friends. The "rooms were gentlemen and quite a "number' of Ladies, too many to mention very handsomely fitted up and the decor. The separate!-ations of smilax and flowers, daintily arevening passed off delitrht- fully, with greetings of old friends, brilliant ranged, made a picture charming to rememconversation and exquisite instrumental ber; the refreshments were very delicious music and elegantly served, and the whole affair by Mrs. Young's niece Miss Eolsom. The refreshments were --r delicious :" and was a perfect success. Mrs. Taylor is one sucli a general interest, as to command the favorable consideration of women engaged in different lines of work. Already Minneapolis, Minn., Providence, R. I., and Indianapolis, Ind., have Local Councils of Women which include the. most important local organizations of women in those cities. In Portland, Maine, this month will see the completion of the organization of a Eocal Council, and initiatory steps toward forming these Councils have - ;-- '. -- Predeut-Ikig--JiamArKmiti- alreadyjbeenlak.en iniMemphis, efes Mich. .j' 1 V I 1 . i I 1 I 111 Council has nriiited a tvniml rnncdiHitinti ww. J oca Councils which, with a brief his tory of the formation of the Local Council of women of Indianapolis, may be had upon application to the undersigned. - , 1 I ir rr . 1 . In pursuance of this plan, the National r-,- VI Tenn.yand-Detroit, -- I Raciiee Foster Avery.-- - Corr Seer National Council of Women. I u-li- n LOAN EXHIBIT. WOMAN'S DEPARTMENT WORED'S FAIR. It is very desirable that all persons ; commit-distinguishe- . -- bric-a-bra- -- whoshines i,brightry:atihome lasiweH- - as in "public, and knows how to . entertain her guests in the truly hospitable style.. Each lady had a small bouquet of flowers and r smilax tied with ribbon, and card with name-- , 1 , date,-and-mot- ; On Tuesday January 31st, Mrs. Zina D. n. Young the yenerable and respected resident ot the Relief Society . celebrated the anniversary- - of her 72nd, birthday. The partywas given by-- her daughters at me residence ot Mrs. Phebe Young Beatie .au was quite as enjoyable, as it wras pos si Die to make the happy event. President u llford. Woodruff and wife were present several members of the family of the President Bngham Young : Tmgey. of the Seventeenth Ward and Bishop aiuey and wile of the Eighteenth Ward jvere among the assembled guests. Miss iauae May Babcock crave some of her characteristic recitals and quite astonished )veu as delighted the company by her artistic character representations, and wonderful changes of voice and manner. Her nginality in rendering the most difficult is a continual and to those who lisfpn. surprise She has what . - -- , --- hiohs de-g- fvft,.j--l3Mk- ji TOa he Perfect cultivation --Mktix5Trisl ht . 'Youn-fatherrdB- : rt well enough to attend the party, that evening. Mrs. Young has, since her return home. devoted much tin ie to the interests of the v uuu cxuiuu iur uian ana is a very efficient worker in the Salt Lake County Board. , -- "now ready for These-xomffiittee's"""are work and respectfully ask the j . -- d tees at once. : . j v . All exhibits must be handed in before the. . 1 st, of March, and will be subject to inTHE NATIONAL COUNCIL. spection by committees appointed for that The Nationae Council of Women of purpose and approved or selected by them. exhibits will be taken to the United States. by its approval of the All accepted address of its first President, Miss Frances Chicago and returned, free of charge, to j E. Willard, delivered at a public session of the exhibitor. All exhibits for Salt - Eake City and the Council m W ashington 111 1801, stands 'committed to carry out, as" far a.s the v are county fJiould be sent to. George U. practicable, the suggestions of work and Pyper, 123 Tliird Street, chairman of the county committee. Exhibits of outlying-countieorganization set forth in that address. should be sent to Mrs. Wrm. Among other things itis hoped to estab of the Territorial committee, lish in the most important cities of the comltrr, and finally in all the places wiiere 27 E. Fourth South street. d women interest in the pub lic welfare, IcarCoundls of Women, the IN A FOREIGN EAND. organization of which being in harmonr with the general plan of the National Coun FAGOEII, UFOEU, SAMOA. cil will, in the end. entitle them to send To the members of the V. L. HI. I. A., represents tivts to the sessions of the Nation- of the Eighth Ward Salt Lake City. al Council and form a sort of a Eower House while the direct representatives of ideas My Dear Young Sisteks: You have no doubi heard ere this, somenationally organized will form an Upper House in the National Council. thing of this far away land and would be ; The advantages to be gained by local pleased to hear evn more. . V often think of you, and of the good organizations joining hands to form Eocal Councils are the same as the advantages to times' we have-o meetings, and I can realize now,; a : - s Groes-beck,chairm- an have-develope- i - lSisilm-men, of. tones ajid jojm 0the refreshments oji thisau on of the public in their labors. There is much to be done, and ; the work will be greatly hastened if all persons possessing articles winch they are willing-shoulbe displayed will send them in to the commit- -- "- -- c, : Alter the repast when all had gathered again in the parlor, Mrs. Taylor requested Mrs. Zina D. Tl. Young to preside, and a ' 1 to sort of "love feast" began by singing and prayer, eacn one present speaking as she felt prompted to do, by the good spirit that prevailed. It was a very happy gathering 01 a lew congenial souls," whose desires and aims in life are similar, and who thoroughly uiese from brief respites enjoy worldly care. pos- sessing rare and beautiful articles, of whatever description, should allow them to be displayed in the Utah building at the com- inS World's Fair. In order that these may ejected,- properly; classified-- and; safely d transported; Territorial and county teeshave been organized for the collection ot a Pnvate loan exhibit. This is to con- SISt Of all kinds of useful, ornamental antique, curious, artistic and historical objects, whether made in this Territory or elsewhere such as rare vases, embroideries and laces (ancient and modern),-- daintily userredand thegnestswereso cnarmea tliat time tor parting came all to objects of personal adornment, furniture, soon, ere they were aware of the lateness of carvings, curtains, rugs, and in fact, any- ... 41 1 t to tlie thing which will add to the beauty or inter me uuur. TM xne one arawDacic en '1..--. joyment - was the' indisposition of Mrs. est of "our own building. multiplication of the moral forces of the ,greadeal.orc11ian fits derived I"co from attending to onr little ineetings, 'anedeajyri t , 