WOMAN'S EXPONENT. mother , would come and talk to me," and comfort me I should be better and only my 187 theless. Navy blue-icertainly the prepleasure day of the week, and they seek vailing color, the truth is, it is not at all amusement and diversion at the resorts and es happier." as well as blondes look public places. To me Sunday isJ,the home "Really Anna you alarm me, are you well in it it is not easily soiled and is apday, a sweet, quiet, restful day. losing your wits, you have everything, and for any occasion but propriate how my! I would have as little work as possible then want the dead to come to you, well for awfully common.every sailor, cadet soldier, around on Sunday, and the children should my part I prefer the living, but if you like policeman, railroad officer, street railway 'neither visit nor go picnicing. After the ghosts and all that sort of thing you ought uuuuLiur ana motorman, and now the - to be content for this old place has a legend women as well dress in navy blue, and sad Sunday school they are not restrained and rxsiilA cnticfv flip mncf- ciirofet!fI-compelled to sit and read religious books M hlVUJi ilfct ' v J but Chinameil--also- ; t0. admit not real neither arc they allowed to romp and. run as "This very place Walton Hall aunt, do aristocratic Chinamen but just ordinary on other days, but a happy quiet time at you mean what you say? Maitland surely everyday Chinamen. home is the Sunday program and I believe', didu't know when he brought me here." Is there ;not. such a thing as extremes it makes the little ones more Very likely riot my child, but Lady even in color. Not long- since hlnrt me and gives them a reverence for thoughtful, the day we and that is probably one of her ' the color women chose for their he;t call the "Lords Day." Mother's only always reasons forgoing away, as for me I'm too costumes, and only fancy in this dusty have so many things to do but surely, the practical for these things to make any imcountry; the work it took to keep those baking and brewing and washing and sweep-pression, and if the ghosts came to me I black dresses clean. Now gray is the mg and all, are not half so urgent or necesshould simply defy them, and tell them I prettiest and neatest color in the world, sary as the care of the little children; keep wanted to be left alone, and get my reespecially for elderly ladies, young women them around you mothers all you can; em- - . gular night's sleep; but its only silly, look well in something brighter, the subdued, 'ploy them in some light way, you can't nervous, fidgety people that ever see half tones of the green, purple, orange and imagine the steps a little fellow can save his them." red; and children,, if they are clean, are mamma waiting on her during the Workbeautiful in anything though white is ever ing hours, and when the work is done per' the favorite. haps mamma can find time to play and romp ' Children: What strange things one sees with the children awhile, try it and see how PASSING THOUGHTS. and hears in a short trip on the street railsoon the roses will come back to your cheeks, Dress and color: In 'a woman S paper way; I have sometimes felt like carrying the brightness to theeyes,and the roundness the subject of dress finds a very fitting a note book with me just for the purpose of to the limbs; a game of ball, pomp or hide place, for what woman does not delight to jotting down a few items heard on the way and seek, or some childish sport, is just as a greater or less degree in the arranging of and I am sure it would make an interesting strengthening as an hour's drilling with the toilette, and in the present time the volume. The other day while the car was dumb bells, ot Indian clubs in a physical side tracked, I heard a voice behind me reculture class, and it makes the. children theme is considered of sufficient importance not only to be discussed in the lating something about a woman having happy and keeps them home with you as . fashion magazines but in the metropolitan Camklia. given her children away, and I immediately well. dailies and monthly reviews as well as in strained my efforts to catch her every word. The thought of a mother giving her own public meetings, and conventions. , "How OUR PRECIOUS ones: shall we dress?" is now a momentous little ones away seems most terrible, but of question, shall we adopt the Jenness Miller course one does not always know the Not our little baby charges do I mean style and consider our health while our circumstances which necessitate such an act, now, but our dear oldwhite-haire- d people fashionable sisters - follow the French yet it seems1 in this instance the mother 4vliolshara.aurJiomes " modiste and- - are - conspicious m crinoline. only wished tof rid hersel Do you know, I think it is a sure sign shall we. wear the Syrian blouse and bloom- - of caring, for them and her adieux to them .. are ours lit. ii were "neither 'pitiful nor regretful. Onlv that God's approval and blessing me Knee skiit, or continue swreep cis yuu 11 -if we make the lo wnhi road very ing the streets with the gracefubbut abom-- - tnmk a woman t0 be so heartless astd -" " ' "" pleasantohosehcrclingnsalrus J inable beirskift. willingly give away the beautiful gifts of us, who. once, in years long gone, clung as The woman of sense needask no questions ?od' to ? stranSerr; and these children born to them. How many months rrom sucn an uuieeiine; motner, wnat can trustingly in nrAvr r Miv.v, and years were we wholly dependent upon one expect of them? this dav of such varied ftchinii there re the kindness shown t us; by those dear, The little boy six years old has already patient people! We were lew simple rules to follow which though a sick, and cross, learned that the street car will carry him to and needed much care; knew woman be poor or rich, old or voune-- home at town for nothing, and day after day he runs firsthand were ever a terriblenothing ly or beautiful she may appear fashionable expense. and well dressed; avoid extremes select a away and stays on the public streets until They now have the hoarded wisdom of becoming color or combination of colors ten and eleven o'clock, and two nights I threescore years and ten. They- have met and make your dresses neat. heard her say he had been out all night the storms, and are ripened by the blasts How we have laughed at the pictures of long, having slept in a box on Main street. and suns of many winters and summers. our older sisters taken loner aero in what Is the guardian firm enough or is the wan Besides, their pleasure now rests in us was then termed the Deseret costume, but dering spirit so inherent in him, that the alone. Their dear hearts are "open to the, life. follow wicked to a bound is child do you know it differs we there. I know from their the may put imprints very little pretty and .becoming Jenness Miller suit. What can the destiny of such achild be? I eyes are ever scanning our faces, reading dome few Utah women adopted this thought of the terrible, recent tragedy in in them the prospects of the hour. If e Deseret suit and made effort to induce this city, when the twelve year old boy sfyot treat them slightingly the wound is sure to every five years old, and won au the woman of Utah to do be deeper, than it would have been in : so, but it was- the little lad only ,, child not was ward a TUUnri 1 .!r: .Tri it..earlier times, for how they are so wonderal uuu tuc dered if thislittleway nut uuc mbuiuu women refused to wear it thouerh it was likely, to become a youthful criminal. fully tender in heart. We can hardly realize the "not who woman the Does accepted, the utter truth of this last statement unless , certainly not half so ugly "as the immense herself children take those of charere upon we. closely watch a face that is wrinkled "wps tney adopted shortly aft( moth natural as the as much responsibility with, age, when the limbs are weak and stiff, .is er. would,.andJLshe. incompetent,and the hands tiredrwith pasf --wdrky andlieart-f-- " : ; Eienow we have always, until recently finds she cannot control the child the hungrr .for our love. Almost, the same simple joy is seen when to uniforms, (that is on ourselves) county should be advised and find for peered be can where controlled; home out nowadays a kind words are spoken to the aged as is them they . . 11? i surely woman's dress is benome coinpemng seen in the face of a child. And. as we aming much the same everywhere. The stricter measures in tne. to make better citizens. know we were tenderly cherished in child- UUIrm, i call it, is this most common, but obedience is likely be qmte taking and "swell 4 like' ' hood, let us as tenderly cherish those who blue If we have a curfew law let it enforced, navy rate have some regulations to keep nowr. need our love more than we ever did skirt and blazer with the fresh at pretty shirt theany vouth off the streets at night, or else theiis. Let it be our first joy and duty, to X;st. A. lady friend recently, arrived from the reformatories and prison will be filled make them happy, to make., their roads Uiicago, says one can scarcely tell one , 'T;.:L:.. smooth and pleasant, and God will khow , froni another on the streets for they sooner than we know. have navy blue Some people make a great mistake about who are the ones that have deserved the dresses, shirt waists, itseem--tos j ' trying-Tbninett- j - f n i Wal-tonkuow- s, - ' . . - - : , . 1 i - 1 1 -- -- : ; " aa r, ; : - : ; A 4 ; JLTL-- va 4 . rV-- . . : : ? wo-??.- a? : r . th they is a day of rest that they must make It the-Sabb- atk le prettv - iife-oeca-- tfse -- 1315 KTl IA Jr A CKARD Jb,N GIUX 