T INES WRITTEN ON THE FLY LEAF OF A This book, I deemed, a fitting gift, From friend to friend on Christmas morn, Since, though the Vght these pages hold Christ to men's souls is newly born, And when your eyes these pages scan, Though far or near, by land or sea, 'Midst" worthier thoughts,I trust you'll find, Time for a kindly thought of me. . . - t i? ""y-- theI ask be DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS. this question !ear from Book of Mormon hat pride is a fearful attribute.. Also in all sacred writings.) We read that Jesus after His resurrection, came to: this continent, to teach this people he laws of hfe and Salvation. He taught them the same laws that He to those at Jerusalem, called Christ's gave ti Linauntr-record- ed irr -- fnt,,--n -- - tw - e To guide his wandering footsteps back aeain. Through life's hard,strong path of sin and pain. breathe a fervent blessing on thy head, be round thee shed May angels guard thy footsteps ever more, ' And lead thee onward to the golden shore. Mrs. Anna Garun Spencer was ap- . and Reform." of Bates College, President Cheney, After, lengthy discussion a committee are only learners, yet at the r&e ti'me those teachers are still progress- - mittee-wa- to benefit the this is the case and respect to Pay who are teaching us: and also -- feel sliame wIien we sometimes make i - a : through .neglectorlndififercn Wild ask Is this pride? if so do we commissioncfd "to" s thousand shares of 7 .. isue 'twer five dollars a share, to be sold to clubs and club members. As the organof jth Ierariij03vjiedauil stock.-a- t . and women of Kansas of all parties n f. of no party have wisely leit ail amerences on other questions behind or out of sight, while thev work to secure the passage of the suffrage amendment. The New York The ' 1 m m school-teachin- "Tlipvhave orcranized ineverv rrrj county,and it may be predicted they will coi-- c SUCCeeQ, jar,r0t ucstiv are mi X trt rin lic M auu - .y he men j vj yf or ivanbas Know j . . . -- ui3ai'i'v'i"i'v I)AUDi;T,the French Dickens, - . eiiigence greater truths an family ' Well since honor Vn'tn feel to ... , as he is sometimes termed, is one of the most striking figures in the world of Paris. His fine head is enveloped in flowing locks of jet black hair, which fall thickly on his snouiaers, ana uie lower part of his face, the palor of which is in- - striking contrast to his lustrous eyes, is likewise covered with luxuriant mustaches and beardin short, an mcarnation of the poet of romance. With all this outvard displaoL Bohehiianism; lie has been happily "ranged' these many ; years, and he finds in Daudet a constant and valued Jielpmeet. pDaudet was born at Nines in 1840, tried g for a year, and then, sick of the work, made his way to Paris, where he arrived wuth a capital of 40 sous and a bundle of poems. For these he was in time fortunate enough to find a publisher. "'Les Amourfiuses, however, did not foreshadow his fame, and it was not till he ac-comm- gly ? con- - Charlotte Emerson Brown and Mrs. J. C. Croly was appointed to take charge of all the interests of the matrazine. The com- - .... J Alpiionse lt , The New Cycle must suspend publication. . andisters-equal-GhioI-Soin- e: ethers Wo- controlledlhefebv. The New Cvcle wilfre sume publication in September. Through it, club documents and papers will be issued, arid reports of the work , methods and anniversaries of focal clubs will be given. The Federation now numbers upwards of three hundred local organizations. It covers nearly every State in the Union, and v T,ewiston.Me..in his baccalaureate address. ' eave expression to a long-feneed when he Hope. spoke last weeK ior eniargeu .meab aim a broad view of the possibilities of women. SOLVING A PROBLEM. He argued for the presence cf women oil the faculties of the colleges of the country, Sixes we read in Holy Writ that God Women on college faculties and on the of one blood all nations of the earth boards of trustees are needed in the interest fade Wild ask are we all equal? It would of male as well as female students. Presiem that all are of one family : but are all dent Cheney gave a timely word in its be- greater intelligence than others, soVare qualified to be teachers ll pointed chairman of the section on care of dependent and neglected children at the recent International Congress of Charities some abroad. Ex. and Corrections at Chicago. Mrs. Spencer also preached the Congress sermon on "The Relation ot tne uiurcn to rniiantnropies THE FRENCH DICKENS. And pray that heaven's light ve a-fu- Representative Women. Chicago. Mav 18. An important action was taken at this meeting with reference to a "Federation organ." It was shown .that while the Federation had voted at a previous general meeting to support I he New Cycle as its organ, the magazine has not been supported. The last three numbers had been published from the private fund of the editor, Mrs. J. C. Croly,and unless capital was provided. -- NOTES AND NEWS. J men's Clubs at the World's Congress of 1 We -- June contains report of the Federation Council of . hands will guide, And guard thy footsteps on the desert wild, Will calm the stormy sea, the tempests breath, And will deliver thee from chains and death. ' - The New Cycle for . If this thy Mission angel - dresses. . Art thou a messenger from heaven sent, To cry unto a wicked world repent, To search amid the tares for the good wheat, Then lay the garnered sheaf at the Christ's feet. eminent, August 14, arrangements have been made for six woman suffrage meetings in the large halls, and in room 2 and 3, each seating 700 jersons. Two of these meetings will be in the morning, two in the afternoon, and- two in the evening. On Monday afternoon Rev. Anna Shaw isannounced; on Tuesday afternoonin j :tl e H all of. Col u mbu s , MrsT Lucy Stone ana busan B. Anthony; on Wednesday afternoon, in hall 3, Alice Stone Blaekwell; on Friday afternoon Mrs. Julia Ward Howe Henry B. BlaekwellfRev. Ida C- Hultin, and Samuel Gompers. Ex. Tiik Federal Suffrage Association will hold a Congress at Art Institute, Chicago, August 9.; President Thomas Palmer, Hon. C. C. Bonner, and Rev. Olympia Brown have accepted invitations to deliver ad- " truth-AS-fir- gov,; 7 1 I feel satisfied in mv mind apply our minds to th ot bod we do not allow -- "THE EYES THAT CANNOT WEEP". pride to have any us. We are all as children place in learning the lessons we so much need, and The saddest eyes are those that cannot weep; applying them to practice.' The loneliest breast the one that sobbeth not; We find in the Book of The lips and mind that are most parched,.and Xephi (3 Nephi) that this people were blessed in like manner; hot for four generations passed avay in Are thoe that cannot pray, and cannot sleep; righteousness. But the next generation was It is the silent grief that sinketh deep. affected by pride. There came strife and To weep but sorrow is the'eommon lot, confusion with all their attendant train of To weep it out and let it be forgot, evils. Wickedness then prevailed and Eut tears and sobs are after all but cheap, righteousness ceased to bear rule. We weep for worries, frets and trifling cares, Now.m these davs' ereat knowlerW ic .. For toys we've broken, and for hopes that were being restored tothe earth, and we know And fancied woes of passing love affairs that knowledge is power, we see this in But only One can ease the breast of her electricity and also in steam. Let us also Whose hurt for fruitless moans has gone too deep. remember St. Paul's word, ' who' said, Pity, 0 God, the eyes that cannot weep. "Knowledge puffeth up but charity Ella Higginson. edifieth. ' ' This being the case, do not we have great need of caution and care; Strictly applying our minds to the laws JOSEPH TEMPLE BENNETT. given in Christ's Sermon on the mount. Then we will live by the golden rule, and The king of kings was in a manger born. do to others as we would that; they should Of every earthly power and glory shorn, do to you. Let us therefore apply our The humble shepherds and the wise men three, minds to wisdom; for it is written that: Alone permitted Bethlehem's Star to see. "Her ways are pleasant and all her paths And now we wonder why thou art so blest, are peace. By observing these laws we And if a mighty mission on thee rests. may keep our balance and not fall; for Dear liitle Joseph Temple why thy birth, remember i t is written. ' Pride comes In God's own here the earth. Temple upon before destruction, and a haughty spirit beEven upan the Altar in the dreary world. fore a. fall.''' ATiiereospet During the Worlds Congress on i left-' poetry. kiiowu. .fojMUpn that-: lie--be- m'e ' . 