WOMAN'S Fleet listened to her songs as arm cuair, ana printed and sold them. Not Homer or Shakespere is so sure of an immortal fame as mother The love for her1 melodies are (Joose. everywhere held fof, their freedom from every thing corrupt or to mislead the inBut they are full of fantile mind. practical wisdom, her name is .one. of .the brightest jewels which adorns the old South; Let us hope a statue will be erected to the ' ' memorable 'old lady s menlory. So Thomas she sat in Her EXPONENT. as himself. With such a king and such a ministry it was not likely that the descendants of the Pilgrims would get on smoothly. The more immediate cause of the Revolution was the a number of acts destructive of colonial liberty. The subject ot this unjust legislation which extended over a period of twelve years just preceding the war. was tht three pence to six pound sterling.- Every colonial pamphlet, almanac, and newspaper was required to be printed on paper of the same sort. The valueof the stamps in this case ranging from a halfpenny tova. fourpence. ' 'Every advertisement was faxed two shillings. No contract should be of any binding force, unless written on paper bearing the royal stamp. The news of the hateful act, swept over America like a J.Amencancoloiiies-claimed-the-fu- ll thuuderclQud.-Th- e - nconle were nt first 01 the Eiif shmnn . .., Witf. "V" ngut .TT M. A.T. S11CI MncKen, jiien indignant; then wrat h- 6 .1," it assemblies ful. The muffled bells of ol1 few Philadelphia and t0 the, D?St?u and the people "ngthea funeral WAR OF. THE REVOLUTION. said of it was death knell of liberty. The fWn n; The general assemblies were slow to move as ministers replied that Parliament there were many loyalists amonir the mom. The Revolutionary War and the causes anu not the colonial assemblies wa9 the bers and the governors held their offices that led up to it. by to proper vote taxes body in In handling this subject I shall be comany and all appointment of the king, but the younger parts of the British empire. It is now representatives pelled to quote largely from Ridpatlj whose as well as patri- to notice the several acts which the ouc am proper been and' have I whose not hesitate to express their sentihistory studyiug colonies complained of and resisted." "The ments. In the wish I to what language explains perfectly Virginia House of Burgesses The war of American Independence first of these was the Importation Act there was a memorable scene. Patrick tell. was an event of vast moment, affecting the passed in' 1733 by which exorbitant duties Henry a young member from Louisa counwere laid on all sugar, molasses, and rum ty waited for older men to lead in the destiny of all nations. The question deinto the colonies. In 1750 it was opposition to imported cided by the conflict was this, whether the Parliament, but they failing to further enacted that iron works should not do so, he, in his colonies in America 'becoming be English passionate way, snatched a erected in America. The, manufacture blank leaf should out themselves be of air old law book and or sovereign govern of steel was especially- forbidden and the hastily drew up a series of fiery resolutions, ruled as dependencies of a European Mon- -' of pines outside of inclosures was declaring that the Virginians were English- archy; The result has been the grandest felling interdicted. All of these laws were men with English rights; and had the same '.. and most promising example of a Republican government in the history of the deemed as unjust and tyrannical. In 1761 rights to vote their own taxes as had the A violent debate ensued in world. It is of the first importance to a strenuous effort was (made to enforce the English. Act and already there were which the Patriots had the best of the understand the causes of the War. The Importation hints of resistance by force of arms. In argument. "It was a moment of intense most general cause of the American Revol1763 at a great town meeting Samuel interest. . Two future presidents were in ution was the right uf arbitrary governAdams made a powerful argument showing the audience, Washington and Thomas ment claimed by Great Britian and denied Jefferson. The eloquent and indignant by the colonies. The, question began to be conclusively, that under the British con stitution taxation and representation were orator said "Tarquin and Ccesar had each openly discussed about the time of the in 1748. But there inseparable. The year 1764 witnessed the his Brutus, Charles First had his Cromwell treaty of Treason; Treason! shouted the speaker were also many subordinate causes. First most formal declaration of the purpose of which Was echoed-bvthe ferrifirrl Invnlittc. of these was the influence of France which Parliament to tax the colonies, JdrGrenville "tenth -of - springing, to their feet and George third wasconstan so astcTelccite a wasnow prime minister, on the March a resolution was adopted by the may profit by their example continued, spirit of resistance in the colonies. It was House of Commons declaring: that it would Henry adding as he took his seat. the theory of France that by triving- uo be proper. to charge certain stamp duties on- - be treason make the most ofTtT "The reso... Canada ont.JN'prththeJSnglish-xolonies- the news having lutions were put to the house and. carried would become so strong as to renounce the Amencan colonies, been carried to America universal exciteand similar resolutions were adopted by the their allegiance to the Crown. England feared such a result. ' More than once it ment and indignation prevailed. Political assemblies of New York and Massachusetts," meetings became the order of the day in the latter, state before the action of was proposed in Parliament to recede Can formal remonstrances were addressed to Virginia was known. At Boston, James ada to France in order to check the growfth Otis successfully agitated the question of an pf the American states. Another cause the king and the two houses' of Parliament, American Congress nine of the and aeents were appointed and sent-t- o leading to the Revolution was found in the delegates, and on the seventh of natural disposition and inherited character London in the hope of preventing the October the firstcolortiat congress assembled A new turn was now of the colonies. They were for the most passage of the law. New at York. A Declaration of RiVhu through the given to the controversy, part Republicans in politics and dissenters was concluded French and Indian War adopted setting forth in unmistakable in religion. The people of England were Great Britian had incurredjust terms that the American colonists could not, a heavy debt monarchists and The which the ministers said ought to be borne and would not be taxed but by their own colonists had never seen a king; their dealrepresentatives. At the same time a manly ings with the royal officers had been such by the colonies Ensrland The Americans reolied that petition professing loyalty and praying for as to engender a dislike for 'monarchial in a more just and humane policy toward his her colonies, that in the stitutions. The growth of public opinion ought to defend prosecution of the wrar the colonies had American subjects was directed to the king. w me colonies tended to independence. aided Great" Britian as much as! Great During the summer great quantities of the a ne more advanced thinkers came to be Uritfan had aided them, vet it wras not the stamped paper had been 'sent-- to America lieve that of money which they dreaded but which was destroyed or sent back to Eng land was not payment desirable. but only possible tneir njP5ruesiuM.arcn: .land. In Connecticut thetampLofficer was the surrenderor as a 17 0111 Adams then wny he first of Parliament no longer guided bythe threatened with sJiaiiging- ;Touhg school teacher in Connecticut wrote 1765 November came and Avas kept as a day of mssed the celebrated cpU. nf Pitt m his diary "in another centurv all Europe VUUUWVAMArt Stores werejdpdJ3ags.hug-at"hairmast7beT"The sun of American liberty mourning. Is ulnot be able to subdue usvL Such Qhmn " were tolled etc., legal has Tset; wf6te"Behjamih"Fr business was of pinions were at first expressed in private, friend at home. the The provisions entirely suspended, court ' pen by, hints in pamphlets and newspapers, houses were was closed, at a stand- so'dety Act were briefly these. Every note,. and at last Stamp where publicly and every and still, not even a marriage license could be nnA AwA mnrtcracre. lease, license, uer cause ot the conflict with the By and by the offices were AMimnt nf whatever sort reauired in legally issued. bother country was found in the personal the colonies, should after the first day of the opened and business went on as before but character of the king. George third, who following November be executed on paper was not transacted with stamped paper. fended the English throne in 1760 was a. To be Co?itinued,y an iingiisn stamp. iu atauipc-v subborn, stupid, man in bearing d by theBritish paperwastoJbefurnisheasheet III 11UIKIII the colonists lillllltlil liCl lll. each Goveramentraudfor ...... . Tiiriiifirr rrrrrA Hisriign of sixty were required 10 pay abuui vai;i"5 Verily, hyporits sink ifito a lower abyss wasas odious His . " - '.."" geraT Z AmS''nl ,cT ff'T oX ial SLE"?.; hot-heade- d . , Aix-la-Chapel- le " tly-exer- ted , .... - - Ifjhatl V r -- ", -- colonies-appointe- -- High-Churchme- n. " -- -- . ' i i i thick-heade- ; s5wiitTn7:" as It .fim:Were-"fbrnheiJmo- sr 1 was-long- ing-t- o 'the nature -- -- theocument'from- 