WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 152 been fall elections, there is one candidate who fied every position where unto she has ?' Therefore be it, is not.. This is Miss Ella h. Knowles, the called. Resolved: That after a life of usefulness our pretty and plucky girl attorney general of beloved sister has paid the debt of nature and Montana. The People's party nominated gone to rest, and that she was fully prepared by her exemplary life, and while we do not regret her, andshe did the rest. Miss Knowles the change on her part, sti'l we will miss her is a college graduate a master of arts from kindly presence and influence at our meetings. her atma mater, Bates college, Lewi ston, Resolved: that while we feel sad at parting Me. She is a New Hampshire girl, and with our sister, we wjll remember her earnest studied law in that state first and afterward exhortations and practical faith in her religion which has so often imparted encouragment, hope in Helena, Mon. and comfort to our hearts. Her words of wise IN MEMORIAM. DiEDTn the Oeseret Hospital, Salt Lake City, December 22nd. 1892 of Cancer; Sister Betsy S. Long wife of the late J. V. Lon. Her age was fihy-cigyears and three months, born on the 25th, of September 1834 in Bishop's-StratforHertfordshire, England, was baptized in the year 1852, emigrated to Utah April 23rd, 1S61; in comon pany with two of her sisters and one brother the board the Clipper ship Underwriters,-unde- r Presidency of Milo Andrus, Homer Duncan and CrW. Penrose which arrived in New York, May 22nd; crossed the plains in Captain Milo Andrus and John Murdock's Company, arriving the same year in Great Salt LakeCity.Sep. 12th. She was a faithful Latter-da- y Saint with noble traits of character, generous and sympathetic in her nature and was beloved by all who knew her; she was always ready and willing to do good to others no sacrifice seemed too great but was a pleasure to her when she could help the needy.al ways put- "ting her trust in God under all circumstances; we miss her kind and loving face but hope to meet agam "Blessed are they that die in the Lord for their reward is sure. She was a member of the Relief Society and for many years held the office of Teacher in the 13th Ward. She also leaves one. son, J. V. Long his wife and two to whom the affliction is hard. funeral services were .held The especially m the 13th Ward 'Assembly Rooms; Dec. 25th. May we all take consolation in the hope of a glorious resurrection and in the knowledge that our loss is her gain. The remains were followed to the Salt Lake cemetery by a concourse of relatives and friends to pay their last respects to the dear, departed ht d, grand-childre- n . one. F. S. Dell; "'Yes we loved her wetl" andw miss lier sore Voice tender and lips that blessed; i. The hands that strengthen, the arms that. pressea. Weary enough was the up hill way, Darkling enough was the lingering night, But this hour of sorrow has not a ray, It has earned our loved one out of sight. She has gained what we seek for yet, Is at rest while we labor still; Sorrow and sighing she'll forget, While we march on up the weary hill. We are parted, but not for long, The shadows fall, it is growing late; , Soon shall we falter the Soon shall we enter the open gate." : even-song- A TRIBUTE OF RESPECT. Died on the 26th, of January 1893, at Kanab, Kane Co. Utah, our much esteemed, Stake President, Harriet Dye Bunting wife of James L. Bunting, bom Jan. ,31st, 1843, at Wymondham Norfolk, England emigrated to Salt Lake with her parents in 1S53; married at the same place in 1859, moved south to Kanab in 1S70, was the mother of twelve children, nine of whom are living, two daughters reside in Arizona and one son now laboring in the missionary field in West Virginia; the xest many friendr surrounded her, peaceful death bed. She-h- as ever been a faithful wife and mother and an earnest worker in the cause of truth, she was selected as treasurer in.the first organization "ofthis Relief Society, which was effected Nov, 12, 1S73; four years after,Dec.i5th,iS77,was chosen President of the Kanab Relief, Society, which position she efficiently held until June 14th, 1885 when" she was sustained as President of the Relief of Kanab Stake, which office she still heldSociety at the time of her death has also been an earnest Teacher in the Sabbaih School, as well as a faithful leader in the choir, wasahvays-prompte- d a reliable and tnilMnHj sairshe has maYnl-oLthe-family-wit- l we-ca- h March 26th 1893, Sister Elinor Barker was called to leave this world of sorrow. She was the daughter of Thomas and Susannah Heap, born in Yorkshire, England Dec 3rd 1S58, Emigrated with her parents in 1861 At the same place in Brother McArthur's company; they settled in Toquerville where she was "inured to all the hardships of the early settlement of that district were . pioneers in many of the of country; they . C .1 seiuemenis 01 ujc saints; sue was one 01r.tme first women that crossed the rough and trackless mou n tains into this valley, where the- - ffourshing town of Escalanta now stands. Soon after her arrival here she gave her heart and hand in marriage to Peter Barker a worthy young man she was a faithful wife and mother ever working : counsel still fill our minds with admiration for this our noble sister. Resolved: that while words are inadequate to express her many virtues wewill strive formulate her faith and follow her good" examples; and that while we extend our sympathies to the bereaved family, yet we congratulate the sons and She was a member of the Relief Society in good standing. She was the mother of eigh t children, two of whom went tyefore her to the spirit world! She lived and died a faithful Latter-daSaint She leaves a husband and six children and a. host of relatives and friends to mourn her loss. Peace ful be her reposed Mary T. Wilcox Cor. Sect daughters of the deceased on the pattern of her patient and noble life. Resolved: that we present a copy of these resolutions to the bereaved family, that also one be sent to the Exponent, and they be spread upon the records of this society. 'Tis hard to break the tender cord when love has , bound our heart, Tis hard,so hard to say the words, must we forever part? Dearest loved one we have laid thee in the peaceful grave's embrace, But thy memory will be cherished 'til we see thy heavenly face. Elizabeth Pugh, Prest. , Margaret Emma " T y DOCTOR MATTIE HUGHES CANNON, Office: II South; First West Street Office practice for Diseases of Women from 2 until 4 p.m. -- ' r Baird, Woolley Coim's. Margery RiGGS,Sec. Keeps on Hand f DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- OBITUARIES. A sadness and gloom has overcast our little wfard of Vermilion, by the death of our noble sister and colaborer in the Relief Society and wife of our worthy Bishop. Amelia Gottfredson was the daughter of Edward and Betty Gledhill was born in Oldham, Lancashire, England, May 31st 1854, she came to Utah with her parents in 1868, married Peter Gottfredson in 1S72, they made their home in Mt. Pleasant, Sanpete Co. for three or four vears. then, moved to. Fermi ion Sevier Co. where they - have resided ever since. POISE WAISTS, ETC. Dress Making- In all its branches, Irllillnery, lateg cleaned and retrimmed styles, Hat and Bonnet Feather curled, etc. Stamping docc to order. But tons covered while you wait. Burial Salts a Specialty WTJST TEMPLE STKEET, Zt1 St Kin 1M KJ. this wardliTiSSo. Sister Gottfredson was chosen first Counselor which position she held till her death. She also was Assistant to the President Building to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. ' Office hours, 2 to 4 p m. of the Primary Association. - J' ti. MRS. Opp. Grant Bros. Stables. MpE. VAN, M. D. f: z Sister Gottfredson is well known by many, as her home has ever been a haven of rest to "our. brethren traveling through our little ward. She died On the 17th of March 1893, at the age of 38 years, 9 months and 17 days. She was surrounded by her family, brothers and sisters, (except her youngest brother who is absent on a ' Mission in England.) She leaves a kind husband and 7 children (the youngest only 2 years old) and many relatives and friends to mourn her loss. She suffered for many months with dropsy, but died peacefully at last like a true Latter-day Saint resigned to the will of the Lord. May she rest in peace till the morning of the resurrection and we be worthy to meet her. , ",' 26,28,30 and32 East 1st SontbStv SALT LAKE CITY, The Leading Retail VlOLET IVIE. Editor Exponent: Our little town of Escelanta has had a shadow of gloom cast over it, caused by the death of of our noble, sisters. .The first was Sister two Lucy Cooley who passed away Dec. 30th, 1892 she was the daughter of George and Sarah Prince born Der ooth tRAt She wasa kmdan aiways 01 a religious turnt """v; She formed the acquaintance of .Woollev and was married to him Sept 12thJoseph 1878. She was a faithful member of the. Relief Society, and an energetic teacherron her death bed she expressed adcsiretosoon-.beable to go rpund teaching. She was a good, exemplary teacher always striv- - mother. She leaves a husband and six small children to mourn her loss. She was overn( respected bv all whn W,,, 1,!. but never uvea nrm in th nn me gospel in hones - v WW I Sad mushe & 0D-2Lriii ss j-A.d:x:3 TINNERS CAS, WATER &. do; STEAM FITTERS Agent for RDMSE Y'S celebrated LIFT and FOltQ PUMPS. Pumpg Repaired on short notice. Order fros h onntrv promptly responded to. i DAVID JAMES, Box. 306. Salt Lake City Dr. Maggie C. Siiipp, will commence Jier summer class in Obstetrics and Nursing, on Monday May.ist ,1893. ii r:Officeiatf7fesHenc'-34-.- " Kast, 5th South . 