WOMAN'S 38 AN ABRIDGED SKETCH OF ' HISTORY. Again we thanked our Father for His protecting care, and again resolved to serve 'Him to the best of our ability. In doing this we always prosper, who can deny it. Coming here into an Indian country, would not the native people feel that we were intruders and not welcome. This reouired ereat wisdom, and where could it be found only from the fountain of If white1 people light and intelligence. were our enemies and lrad driven us out, what could we expect from the Indians., Well that wisdom was 'obtained' by prayer, as our Savior said. "Seek and ye shall find; knock and it. shall be opened unto you." The next intelligence we received, from WashingtoifTwas, that President Fillmore had appointed Gov: Young to be agent of Indian affairs. Again we felt that the Lord provides for His erring children and would give us wisdom to make friends with ' the tribes of Indians.-- , Our settlement was in the form of a fort, with doors inside and only a port hole on the outside, that we could protect ourselves in time of need. " We always treated the Indians friendly, giving them what they asked for; and inasmuch as we had spoiled their hunting ground, our flocks and herds would make ." amends. Yet they would slyly kill a man and sometimes two at a time, when our people would rally to know the cause, and find one of their braves had died and they want ed a white man to bury with him to be his servant on the happy hunting ground. Brother George A. Smith's son and Bishop Woolley's son, were both killed about the Dr. Whitmore and Robert same time. Mclntire at another time, Thomas Williams at another time, and Mr. Hatton and others when standing on guard, etc, etc., When Walker died he being their chief, they asked President Young for a man to bury with him. But the President answered. "No! not a man but as many horses as you accepted the invitation-anat length, asketj him; "President Young why is it Lthat every trial we have seems heavier to bear?" "Well what is ' ' said he, ' heavy no w, 'why" said I "when au effort is made to destroy the head of the Church this I call heavy. , "Oh no lie replied, this isallright, nothing wrong we are all at home." He did not one sorrowful or cast down wish to all is right he replied,' nothing wrong. His composure of mind and confidence that all was right, was quite "refreshing to me, .wmie 1 looKeu ai ,111m wiui astonish, ment'and admiration. Yet the result was exactly as he said it would be, all riehtBrother Jfrigham place. . "The Lord is our Shepherd." Tins was thelanguage of king David, whowas comforted and blessed by the in spiration oL those words, "The Lord is our Shepherd." Now I would ask, how often have we repeated the same with a full assurance that we have the same kind Shepherd and friend? I am satisfied that those of our people who came to this valley at an early date can reflect upon the past with a grateful acknowledgement that the Lord has ever been our Shepherd, to guide, to comfort and bless all those wrho rely upon Him and keep 1 IT nis Lomnianus. I well remember how beautiful and peaceful was the sight of Great Salt Lake, yet the ground looked so barren and dry, excepting a luxurious growth of sage brushr- - The thought arose, without rain how can we stay here. This was in the year 1847. But our great Shepherd gave us wisdom, that by industry and persever--auc- e we could raise crops of vegetables, yes and grain also. At that time Jordan River (as 'we called it) was a very small stream; it sank in the sand before it reached the lake the lake also was quite low. I know when we visited it the first time Black Rock was on Ihe shore. We kindled a fire and cooked our dinner by this rock, and for years we could go to the island on a sand bar. Yes a long train of wagons went on this sand bar to celebrate a birthday I think, but I know we had a grand party that day. This was in 1859 1 know, because my son was one year old at this time. But I am going ahead too fast. I wish to speak of our first winter in this valley. The first whites was very pleasant, much more so than any winter I ever saw in the state of New York, where I was born and grew to womanhood. But the cricket war was early the next summer, shall it ever be forgotten? Our gardens were planted near City creek to be irrigated by that stream, but our homes were in the fort. The soil after being well watered produced splendid crops; the largest radishes and turnips I ever saw. But one day the - crickets came in abundance; I shall never forget Br. Staines' nursery of young trees, looking so lovely, but while he went to dinner they were all devoured by crickets excepting three young plum trees. Such destructive creatures I never saw.". The fight began, but to no avail; if seemed impossible to subdue them. What could we do, only go to God for help; which help came in the form of sea gulls from the lake. They came in swarms, and devoured the crickets. They gorged themselves then threw them up and ate again until every cricket was gone. With what gratitude did we behold this wonderful rescue. Even the. children .could see and feel that God did hear and answer our 4 prayers. Our united thanks were offered daily to heaven for this miraculous help. . This humility and faith in God prepared us for another blessing which we also appreciated. It was simply this; A new President came into office by the name of Millard Fillm ore, when he was asked - who should ue governor 01 u tan; ne thought Brigham Young the most competent man to fill the . 1 . KXPONKNT. d , , see-an- y , ; 1 - v a . vvus upon oiijJLtjijAu.v.wij him no doubt. -- Thw fvent was nrenaritip- him fnr of.'n greater event which transpired in a few days after, while still a prisoner in his own - house. This was the great fire at Chicago, burn-innearly half of the city. I "remember calling on Sister Hey wood a neighbor oi ours who kept boarders. She was going to market one morning, and saw three men just ahead of her, hurrying, to. the depot. One of them said, is it not strange that this fire should take place at Chicago, just as we are here to carry out the Chicago platg . form? - When she came home she told us what this man said. A query arose: What could this, platform be. Perhaps they thought President Young would play some trick to get away, and then this platform would do something wonderful. But our kind and heavenly Father ordered it other wise. Who could fail to feel for so many people left homeless and without food? Did President Young feel for them? Yes, he sent one thousand dollars to the sufferers, Brother George Q. Cannon sent five hundred and Brother Hooper sent, five hundred. Brother Jennings sent three hundred, other merchants sent some one hundred others sent fifty dollars, making a nice little sum like." of money sent to those who would reioice After President Fillmore's time had ex in our destruction; and no doubt help to pired, another President took his place; and accomplish it. ' another governor was appointed for Utah. Yet this mattered not to President Youne But some of bur false brethren told this ancfc those .:of our , faith. It : was for us to -President that we would not aecept of any trx 4ti . ii.-ill.:. i to us one other but govern Brigham Young; o r 4ltA cm r i it TTl cr im ii n " This would never do, as any sensible hands; all is right then, whether in life or person would know. Accordingly an army in death: for this life is short, at best. And of 10,000 men were sent to teach Utah one thing we know that the gospel of government and to show proper respect to Jesus Christ, gives us that peace of mind those who govern,. which the world cannot give or take from to we God went for wisdom. Our us. Again faith prevailed. He gave us wisdom to our Since the death of President defeat Gen. Johnston's army without one trials have come in different Young But ways. drop of blood shed. After this Col. Conner in ail this we remember the words of Jesus brought an army of volunteers from Cali- were; that "it must needs be that offences fornia to keep the Mormons in subjection. but woe unto them by whom they tie planted a Military Post just east of our come, come. " My. dally prayer is may I never city, and sometimes when walking round be of that class who would afflict another temple block they were heard to say, "it because they do not see a subject as I. see would only be a breakfast spell to use up it. .; this place." Well that whip has been laid No! rather let us remember the words of for there more than 20 years but not up Job who said, of. the Lord. "Has not He used yet. a right to chastise as well as to bless?" Yet there are a class of persons who can We also learn from the prophet Joseph who always see, that we are in need -- of a chassaid: "The Lord is angry with none extisement. I well remember when President cepting those who will not acknowledge Young was a prisoner in his own house, I His hand in all things; and obey not his called to see one of his wivesand while in Can we do this? Jesus commandments. conversation with her he came into the said if you will keep my words as I have room. my Father's words you shall share After shaking hands I was invited to kept with me my glory. Shall not we try to and dinner, being anxious to talk with do it? M. E. : 1 . -- 1 vft-1o- ? 11 Ji--- T- 1 C - . , , 