' BXPONENT i . The Rights of the Women of ZtanTand the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. 22. t SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST CONTENTS: The cellar, the shed and the pantry, Have none of the dingy gloom, Which lingers in other houses, .' And in many a d room. In Rural England A . Story. Women as U. W. P. Club-E- llis Typesetters The Journalist. R. Shipp. Reorganization Martha Barrow. R. S. Reports. ... The War of 1812. Fighting the Gipsy Moth. The Sabbath Day Anon. Miscellaneous. Resolutions of Respect. Obituaries. I I 1 Oh hallowed home of childhood! I cannot see thee now! But the home of father and mother, Is a shrine at which I bow. - Fditorjal. The Present Condition. BoheA Pleasant Garden Party. A mian Women. Pictorial Chart. The Silk Industry in Utah. . ! rich-walle- E. L. G. IN RURAL ENGLAND. XXXIII. Poetry. The Old Home E. L. G. , A Prayer Tooele Stake Primary Ellis R. Shipp. With a Portrait E. J. A Glimpse of IJtah Lake Laura St. Vrain. Lady Anna never nuite recovered from the shock of Aunt Walton's insinuations about ghosts and legends, and Maitland who was oenectlv innocent on the stibiect . t 11'not coma not ner, sausiy Knowing any- ining mmsen; out poor Anna was now more determined than ever to leave Walton Hall, wrhere she had never felt very happy, and as Maitland (now really Lord Walton having rightfully inherited the title) paid no regard to her wishes',' but absented himself more and more from his home, she be-- i came so obstinate as to declare, that unless he would go abroad with her, she would write to Uncle Rob to make arrangements THE OLD HOME. ' n farm house, The gray At the top of the wonderful hill; Aid the great barns on beyond it; Are standing there cold and still. storm-beate- The house is quaint and rambling," The window panes many and small; Its color is faded to ashen, From the once pure white of its wall. The sitting room floor so uneven, Is the same as ever today; Ircime from fasuiikea:rafter,i:iS:::;: And sloped from the centre each way. But tjie low rocking chair of mother's. Just fitted the slope of the floor; ' And father's arm chair in the centre,' Stood happily facing the door. The dear little white-walle- d chamber, Just off from the family room, Is hallowed by sweeter mem'ries. Than any about the home. s For there so gentle and patient, My mother in sickness hath lain, While we watched andwaited beside her, Through hours of anguish and pain. i And there those dread days in winter, Came grim and unbidden death, And from father, mother and brother, ... Took the feeble,' fluttering breath. The cool, old airy kitchen, With its white-san- d polished floor, The little parlor, With the obstinate creaking door. old-fashion- ed stair-waThe steep and walled-iThe tiny room beyond, --With its bed and home-mad- e angel hands made fond. n y, covers,-B- y r . y-small-revenue And the sun'that shines upon them, Is a brighter fairer sun, Than shines on other meadows, " Though I viewed them one by one. The walls have a subtle perfume, 'An d a smile of welcome home, Thev'sepm'tn Imh and beckon. To.oneVho used to roam. d. . him, and Anna begged him to leave Eng. land forever. She only thought of peace j and rest, and the enjoyment of home ties with husband and child, she could not j accrue grasp all the advantages that might from estate and titles, and rank. Lordf Walton was involved, his creditors were on his ixack," his mother's marriage had been published and his claims upon the estate werenot what had been expected, and Sir Clair Hilliard was the' heir of Sir Edward . instead .of. Lady Anna, and gossip was . ready with busy tongue to enlarge upon , ; thituation-and;ixur-aut-vialof-bitt- er k land's rsWngth surroundings, an.d make a name and for- tune, without heredity, as he had done, through his' own - superior powers and ability Once the Doctor's plans were matured in his own mind, he opened the subject' to his wife; and she coincided immediately, and made her calculations to lose no time, but apprise Anna right away andprepare, to set sail before the Autumnal storms. We who live in this prophetic age, look back and wonder why they who were thus wrought upon to open up the new world, could not comprehend the purposes of the Lord in establishing another form of government upon this continent, but we to day are just as ignorant of what is yet to transpire, as were our ancestors who came to America in those early, times. The mysterious plans and movements of the ages as they come and go, are not given us to know, but are in the hands of one who is all powerful, and and we only bide the issues of are marvelous and heyoncffinjte comprehension. Yet we know that the best blood of the old world, the descendants of the most noble men and ; woraeu, born with the inherited freedom of privileges that descends through generations from father to son, and mother to daughter, culminated in the race that gave to America its freedom and liberty of thought and of - conscience. It could not have been otherwise. No servile race could have; broken the tyrant's chain only n men and women, who knew their all-seein- hrVoodr . - . - . , . -- I The well with its oaken bucket, The spring at the foot of the hill, With the buttercup strewn meadow, Delight my vision still. , uess .upon the troubled ' waters, that seethed and boiled ominously. Maitland kept all that was disagreeable from his wife, but Dr. Bland became aware from other sources of the Very unpleasant circum-stanc- s that environed those in whom he had interested himself, and resolved, to go where disgrace could not overtake Anna, whose delicacy could not stand calumny and reproach, who was not only very dear to him, because of her innocence and purity, and his intimate association with the family, but he knew that to Jane (his darling wife) she was as "the apple of her eye." 'Jane Conway had set her affections upon her cousin Anna, when she first came to the old castle, because of her instinctive love of beauty and purity that were so apparent, and when she saw how innocent and inexperienced she was, how neglected, and how insolatcd, her girlhood had been, she felt all the motherly nature inherent in her soul, rise up in her defense and to protect her. Since her marriage she noted how, neglectful Maitland had been, while Dr. Bland had shown her every attention a wife could wish for, and knowing all this, Dr. Bland decided to go away, and take his wife and her cousin where life might be begun- anew, and all away or blotted out, and the future be bright with promise and "hopeful anticipation. In fact the Doctor believed in Mait- - -- r self-condemne- No. 3 the olideous-pas- lor ner, to sail ior. .ivmenca, -- Lord Walton in matters alter settling tip" . his mother's. marriage found himself burdened with a large landed restate, and to maintain it and therefore saw something must be done to save Walton Hall from irretrievable ruin; and was more willing to listen to Anna's proposals to leave England. To him the whole world was hanging as it were by a single thread, he had gone through all his ready money, his lawyers would not allow him to overdraw a farthing; he had no resources to fall back upon, his mother had united her fortunes with another race, and he could thenceforth' have no claim upon her; he had played a desperate game, and lost; and. though his wife knew nothing of Maitland all this, he was Walton was not wholly bad, and he might have retrieved his fallen fortunes even then, but his wife was of that weak and plastic mold that society favors and countenances, Had Anna and he had no one to look to. been made of the same strong material as hpr ronsin Tane. and bravely looked into the difficulty, for her intuition told her something was amiss, Maitland might have lifted his head above water once more; but -ver- 15, 1893. free-bor- g, 