; WOMAN'S. EXPONENT. 110 In 1840, a World's Woman's Exponent. Anti-Slaver- G. .Swisshelm, Celia Burrj Lucy Stone, Antoinette Brown, Elizabeth Oakes Sniith, Ernestine Rose, Susan B. Anthony, Caroline M. Severance and Gage, Jane Conven- y tion was called to convene in Loudon and y all the organizations in the world were invited to send delegates, severEditor. EMMELINE Ii. WELLS, " al Am prim n societies elected delegates six others. The first National Woman's Suffrage in Salt Lake City, Utah. , or eight of them were women among them Published .. . .. Mi Terras: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, were, L,ucretia Alott ana Mrs. runups. iue Convention was; held in Worcester Mass. 56cts, No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv excitement caused by their appearance in October 23, and 24", 1850 nine states were ered by mail, extra lor postage one year, 25 cts. Each square, ten lines of nonpareil ; Advertising rates: was London English represented the audiences were' ' it is said intense,, the space, one time, $2.50; per month, $3 00. A liberal dis Abolitionists being much more conservative, Mat the white heat of enthusiasm. Among count to regular advertisers. noted who the cause espoused the and those women who had come "bad Tent ' people Exponent office, No. 25 ., South Temple Street ' TM - T1 second gate east of Deseret New? Office. Business hours Societies in twain; were iwipu, waiuu Amci&un, liieoaore y the American from 10 ajn. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. had been denounced from the ouloit and by Parker, Henry Ward Beecher, Wendell Address all business communications to .the press, and mobbed'.by the riffraff in the Phillips, Thomas W. Higginson, Wm. J. PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, street;" and-- the cry was "tney wno nave Bowditch, AbbyayiAllcotrlnah-D-"Chene- y Salt Lake City, Utah. turned the world'upBide"d6'wnhave come andmany more errand men and wo hither also; they were if possible men, who gave their talents and 'their wealth Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as to the furtherance of the cause. more alarmed when they saw that the wotecona class matter. . A dozen years of pioneer work,. petitions men delegates, who were not clad in, the Quaker garb were young, cultivated and to legislatures for the modification of unjust Salt Lake City, February ist, 1893. refined. laws, and the increased circulation of papers A debate followed on the admission of in the interest of women created an- THE ORIGIN OF WOMAN'S that was felt for good all the country " women, during which .. many of the men .... SUFFRAGE. delegates from America- - sided with the through.. "Then came the Civil War when all reform work was suspended temporarily English opposition. The battle for woA Tendency to political freedom and in man's rights was fought over again on the and women began a collossal wrork of dependence seems to have become more other side of the water with moral force relief and philanthropy. Clara Barton in wide spread and intense ever since the reign and logic, as in America the year before. hospitals and bringing .order out of chaos, of Elizabeth of England: in fact that century Some cf the noblest women of Eneland hope out of despair, Clara Barton at Ander- was a revolutionary period and an awaken- - attended this convention as listeners and v juuvjuv vinit i. zuuu suiuiuo uau sucwith men and m women the matter, of spectators and the lesson was not lost upon cumbed to the horrors of the military ing ot conscience and individual rights, them. When the vote was taken on the prison awoke the gratitude of the nation. liberty and from that. time women became more or admission of women delegates they were Since the war women have organized on less distinguished in matters civil and excluded by a large majority. Wm. Loyd a scale of great magnitude. , It is not posas as well in literature and science. Garrison had not yet arrived in London: political sible to tell of the progress of this great Without going into details we find in but when he was informed of the decision upheaval, in woman's advancement, only America, Abagail Adams, Mary AVarren and of the convention, he refused to take his the briefest mention can be made: but our Mrs. Bache, arguing and insisting upon woseat with the delegates, and throughout readers are perhaps aware that after the man's having representation in the govern- the entire session which lasted ten days he activity awakened upon many questions ment; Mrs. Warren was the sister of remained an absolutely silent spectator in of great importance, 'in 1869 the result James Otis author of the memorable saying, the gallery; one-otfollowed culminated in" the forming of the great. "Taxation without representation is tryan-ny,- " his example Nathaniel P.delegate Roarers of Con .national organizations styled the National ' Mrs. Bache was the ; daughter of Dr. corde-Neand editor of an Woman Suffrage Association, and the Hampshite meny juuiwau, liuucvci uie urbi instance American. The National established its paper. This London Convention marked a new headauarters in New Vnrlr nnrl miKUcTiArl .yumau ucciurillg mat the franchise should aiiuany in justice be extended era in the cause of equal rights, and at the weekly paper the td her, sex, was Mrs. Hannah Lee Corbin close of the Stanton and .Mis3"Anthony. The American exasperating and insulting Elizabeth Cadv had its headquarters in Boston and the Virginia who replied to her on that occasion Stanton, (then a young bride who had acWoman's Journal was founded which is that women had the right to vote in companied her husband vwho had been still in existence. Virginia; and it is a matter of record that chosen a delegate,) decided to hold a WoThough the Revolution afterwards, women did vote in that State at an early man's Rights Convention on their return to thrnncrli day. .Also that iu 1776 the right to vote America; meantime the women who iad so decidedly radical and erroneously pro was secured to the women of New Jersey taken hold of the subject kept astatine' nounced that it was denounced by .. those and that they exercised it for over thirty these and for com the questions, who had before been its firm supporters. prepared . ; - - ing crisis. This convention years. was called The State Woman Suffrage Associations But the famous struggle for woman's for the 19th, and 20th, of July 1848 at organized in different parts of the county political emancipation grew out of the grapSeneca Falls New York the time seeming ripe. became to one or the other of auxiliary ple with slavery. Win.. Loyd Garrison Daniel O Connor said to these leaders these parent Association, and in some fev opened up the conflict on that question in the movement, ' 'Demand the uttermost instances to both. The National in variably: when he established the Liberator, an and you will get something. ' ' held its annual Conventions in Washing paper. His coadjutors were Wenhese women were outspoken iu terms and ton - wniie I Congress was in session the dell. Phillips, Charles Sumner, Theodore demanded, "equal rights in colleges and rican itinerated frnm to Parker, Gerritt Smith and others of like universities, trades and professions; the where ever the greatest amount of mission- iiiuic, ana tney were aided and in-- , ngut to vote, to share in all political offices, ary work seemed possible. spired in their work by such women as honors and to complete emoluments; After twenty years of separate work a kydia, Maria Child, Sarah and Angelina equality in marriage, in union of the, two national organizations propQnmke, Lucretia Mott; Abby Kelly, Helen erty, in wages for equal rights mi-uand in equal work, was afiected in 1890 under the composite Uarrisdn and Ann Greene Phillips, these children; to make contracts-- to sue and uLic women botk wrote and spoke with the be sued; to ximencau wonian ttui- and to personal freedom; serve irage association. These bare statements greatest fiorce and fervor, r aiidconservaiives on juries especially when women were of.facts doljiotgive in Church and state were alarmed and war tried. " of whatrhas: been accomplished during these last forty was declared: against these eloquent worn- - " This first Convention adjourned to meet years but in thirty states and territories woen, so that a double battle was forced upon m Rochester Aug. 2nd, 1848. Immense men have been admitted to certain tEe abolitionists for the rights of women crowds were in attendance and the greatest privileges fcthe" way of representation; and the freedom of the slave. The doc- interest manifested in debates and discusand that the outlook at the present time is; trine of human rights was discussed anew sions. Afterwards conventions were held more hopeful than ever before we, who are and exhaustively, and the platform and the in Salem Ohio, Akron 1850, in n 1851, working in these great organizations of wo- press teemed with arguments for woman's 1852, in Ravenna 1853. Advocates men can plainly understand. rigHts which are still being repeated in our ot the cause the increased; historic women own day and time; but these women daunt-lessi- y connected with this movement are those continued their work notwithstandXIL.delEIemorial whose deeds have .been ton amended its s ing opsUipnaiid persecution, last week so as to well known at the present day, Frances D. . j anti-slaver- semi-monthl- y, i-- ' n ATM . XTf-1.- 1- Anti-slaver- 1 . -- "and - in--flue- nce ; ' X . her ' Anti-blaver- ." : z'edited - " --- -- Anti-Slave- ry ctp " . or , ui-iucau- -- -- onai :a-h- int ; " : . " Mas-silo- - 4imlr?r teifa3& by-law- make-wome- n eligiblennleniWsl"'- - 