WOMAN'S WAYNE STAKE. H C. Jeffry and Bathsheba Grundy, Counsel- ors, Pauline. Brown, Secretary, Sarah Ann Treasurer , the afternoon of the Robinson, In 21st, met with East Loa R. S. Bishop B. F. Brown and Counselor J. Grover present, had an enjoy able meeting: spoke of the instructions re cieved at the general Relief Society Con ference in Salt Lake City. Held meeting with Thurber R. S. on the 22nd, at 10 a. m. Bishop Wm. Meeksand other brethren present, the remarks made were timely and well lecieved. Held meeting at Teasdale 2 p. m. Bishop beorge Coleman present, same day re organized Teasdale R. S. with Mary Eleanore Adams. President. Lvdia C. and Maria J. Chaffin, Counselors, le b. Adams, becretarv. limma com, Treasurer, good remarks-were-ma- de exhorting to being faithful in the discharge ot every duty. On the 2ird held meeting: with Grover K. S. of Teasdale Ward every member was in attendance. U. V. "1 Stewart ; Presiding Priest present, a good spirit was enjoyed good instructions given and the visit of the Presidency of the Relief Society appreciated .by the sisters. On July 1 2th we wrote to each President to have read in their meetinsrs. "Utah Women in Chicago" and June 15th number of the Woman's Exponent. " Also have their teachers canvas their districts for subscribers for Woman's Exponent hope the result will increase your list and be a pleasure to those who " , subscribe. August 7th started for the lower settleAuments, held meeting at Gainesville. gust 8th at 2 p. m. was happily surprised to have President Robinson and Counselor 0. Bastian attend our meeting also, the Bishopric and several brethren; we spoke upon the merits of the R. S. also the benefits a Relief accrueing, and there-froSociety was organized with Eliza Rust, President, Isabelle Paiton and Alvfra Mur- m .dock, Comj ....1, nes Carrol, Secretary, Olive Carrol 71; TV , . son and Counselor G. Bastian made remarks favorable to. the Relief Society, showing forth the good it accomplished August- oth at 1 1 a. m. held meeting at A ldndge- of Cainesville Ward, Bishop Walter .Hanks and. a number of brethren present, good instructions were given and the spirit of the Gospel characterized the so the president was empowered to call for 50,000 volunteers and 100,000 militia; but some of the states refused toaccede to this . WavNK Stake was organized May 27th Apostles F. M. Lyman and 2SU1, 1893 and M. W. Merrill being present. Apostle F. M. Lyman presiding.' Our stake PresiK. Robinson President, dency are William Hans Hanson and Gastian Bastian Counselors, they are very good kind men, and are much esteemed by the people. The Presidency or the Relief Society of Wayne1 Stake are Jane S. Coleman, President, Mary Ellen Hanks and Sarah S. Forsythe Counselors, Florence M. Williams After-t- he --Stake -- Secretary organization, Counselors considered it best myself and S. in the R. Stake and hold toyisit each and them get acquainted, that meetings with We have a united feeling might prevail. will realize be it and done so productive of were received we with kind- much good, Commenced ness by all of the branches. held to visit June 20th, meeting with Fremont R S. their Bishop and a number of brethren - favored us with their presence, much good instruction was given. Next day 21st, held meeting with the Loa R. S. President Robinson and the Bishopric attended also other brethren, a variety of subjects 'were spoken oihat were edifying and elevating in character. The Loa R. was reorganized with Margaret J. Taylor, President, Elizabeth . , r Tr,.." Exponent pjitor Woman's KXPONKNT. demand much to the distress of the country . GeneraLHull was placed in command of the North Western army and to him the If Arnold was a conquest of Canada. icrtrnrA in tmitorin ... the firf vnr , TT11II wcn uJUiubbuiu the war of 1812. To' his timidity and unofScerlike conduct (for which he was remarksof the speakers. In times past they afterward courtmartialed and only saved had a R. S. in. that President from death by the President) can be atplacetheir barali C.Durfee had done a good work but tributed the loss of Canada. had moved. A Society was with Thus the British gained power which was reorganized Thersa Coombs, President, Patre retrained nrrnin in tlio rrtH !w ihn not Turgenson and Maria SmithT Counselorslecta'JomTr Americans. The war in the north was son, Secretary, 'Elisabeth Winfield Scott but in Gardner, afteiward, waged by Treasurer. the main was unsuccessful. : stioth at 2 p. m held meeting at The American soldiers seemed tn lose nti Blue Valley. Psident W. E. Robinson, the Canadian Side all the courage which so Counselor G. Bastian,- Bishop Heber J. marked them while defending their country. Wilson and a number of brethren - were While battle after battle was lost on land, present, good practical instructions were the American vessels were signally sucgiven pertaining to building on their town cessful on sea, meeting and almost site, nearly all are living on their farm. invariably defeating larger ships carrying The subjects were union,, charity and the more guns than the redoubtable little veslike and will be productive of. good results. sels of the United States. A Society was organized with Mary Ann The "Constitution' ' carrying forty-fouLords, President, Eliasbeth Giles and Annie guns, was in July chased by a whole Bingham, Counselors, Sister Cook, Secresquadron of English Men of War and afterwards retaliated by sinking the tary, Mary Ann White, Treasurer. August nth at 10 a. m. held meeting at "Guerriere" in a conflict of forty-fiv- e Grave Valley of the' Blue Valley Ward. minutes. President W. E. Robinson, Counselor G. This victory brought renown to the name Bastian, the Bishopric of the ward and a of Hull which had almost become a bynumber of the brethren were present, we word in the United States, and placed our had a very good meeting, the spiritual and. navy among the successful navies of the world.. temporal of our holy religion was protrayed,-thGeneral Dearborn never, led the army into organization of the R. S. bv the Prophet Joseph Smith. A Relief Society a conflict in person; and seemed to have was organized. Lucy ihompson, resiplanned but weakly. dent, Jane Sylvester and Martha Stoddard, Congress withheld taxes and supplies for a Counselors, Ilannah A. Elliot, Secretary, year awaiting the results of a Presidential Nettie Sahford, Treasurer. election. V e The generals selected were from the appreciated the presence ot our .President W. E. .Robinsou and Counselor generations of people who had not been in G. Bastian. and the good counsel given by war, consequently many were undeserving them to each R. S. after the organization and incompetent. Yet a number of the was effected, we had very interesting officers won renown for themselves and meetings and enjoyed the spirit of our country. hiFh calling felt the blessing's ot our ., Now the English claimed in a manifesto Heavenly Father were with us in our they were reluctantly drawn into this war, labors, - and -- have- faith that the Wayne and that America had al wayssho wnsub- 'Stake Relief. SetyLjyilLiiQtJebehind in Uiserrance toIranee- and-a" hostility 16 : England. good works. President. This manifesto was answered by Presi-moS, Jane Coleman, Patriotic and dept Madison in a Florence M. Williams, Sec'y. Masterly address, delivered on his second j , - - r, . - . e f W -- - - .. 5 THE WAR OF inauguration. The war of 18 12. Concluded. Mr. Madison thought to appoint Henry - Clay commander in chief of the armies, butahat gentleman's lack ot military knowledge totally unfitted him for the .Later there were appoinrea position. Henry Dearborn, wno naa oeen a major in the first war, and had served in cabinet, commander in chief, and associated with him as Brigadier, Generals were James Wilkinson, Wade Hampton, William Hull and Joseph Bloomfield, and Thomas Piuckney The intention had been to invade Canada and annex it to the United States. The patriots sari, "If we defeated Eng be- land with half our presentif population r 1' t fore, we can now drive an lingnsn irom Amenca. . . . - Jei-ferso- n's J The restlar army at the begfinnine: ot the war scarcely amounted to ,000 regulars ; was by far one of greater moment and in the whole had greater victories than the preceding yeaT. Commodore Perry's victory over the English Squadron on the lakes, Generals Harrison and Jackson's great victories on land were matters that sustained the fire of patriotism and gave confidence to American Arms. Passing hurriedly to the close we find the English before New Orleans, confronted by General Andrew Jackson and in one of the most terrible battles fought during tie campaign, defeated the English, virtually ending the war. Meanwhile the British Government had become weary of continuing a war, at once so disastrous to interests and fatal to her prestige had appointed Eord Gambler, Henry Goulburn, and William Adams to negotiate with Messrs. Adams, Clay, Bayard, Gallatin and Russell of the Unitec States upon a treaty of peace, 18 12 f Major-genera- l. j st 