WOMAN'S! EXPONENT. knowing what was to be done with her, the truth was Mary dare not keep her in the tower ,any longer, as a large part of the kingdom were1 Protestants" and she thought If slle was too harsh' she might exasperate them and it might be the cause of a new outbreak. Elizabeth was taken to the Queen ' s Court first and ; was. met with a' - propositi on of marriage which Mary Jiad been arranging, she thoright to niarry her to the duke of Sdvo wllo.e dominion's were on the con"--" fines of France arid Switzerland and thus be rid of her; but Elizabeth did not propose to be dealt with in any such manner; the height of her ambition was to be queen of England and she preferred to be a captive hi herpwn land, rather than the consort of a sovereign pfike beyond the Rhine.- - She was taken to Woodstock dnd remained there more than a year; at Xinas she was allowed to go to Court and share the festivities and then return to her seclusion. King Philip interested himself in her behalf and Mary's ministers tried to induce her to make some confession of guilt and petition for pardon, but this sHe would riot do, she declared she was perfectly innocent arid therefore she would never say she was guilty t she would rather remain in prison for the truth, than to be at liberty and have it believed she had been guilty of disloyalty and treason. At last she was called to Mary's side and some kind of a reconciliation was effected, Mary gave her a ring as a token of friendship ' 151 boxing people's ears, was extremely fond of a biU giving women school,, suffrage" and llaltery, on one ocassiou she asked an making them eligible to membership on from the Court of MarvQueen of, school boards. bcotts, who was a Very beautiful woman, which of them was' the best April, 1893, is a bright month for the looking, Mary friends of equal rights for women. Kansas, or herself; vhe had a very hard time to get around it he said he thought she had the Illinois, Arkansas,. Colorado, Ontario and Nova Scotia! tairest skin, she asked him which was the taller, he answered his queen was, then Mrs. Susan S. Fessenden addressed she said she is too tall as l am the committee on woman suffrage of the' just right. She had many lovers and- - wmpf!Connecticut legislature on April 12, in how to flirt; history says she was behalf of the pending Woman suffrag going be married pretty often for an old maid; : bills. she seemed to take delight in marring other Both houses of the Colorado Eegislatu peoples' happiness and instead of making have voted in favor of a constitution matches was continually breaking, them . up; amendment extending suffrage to women . she could not prohibit marriage but she did Gov. Waite signed the bill April 7. not think heads of colleges and cathedrals, should let their wives enter those places; The lower House of Nova Scotia has she was once very magnificently entertained, passed a bill giving full parliamentary . sufoy tne witeol an Archbishop, she thanked frage to women. A bill of the same nature her by saying she could not call her his has passed the upper House in Ontario. The Arkansas Senate has passed a bill givwjfe, she did not like to call her his mistress, so she did not know what to call her, at ing women school suffrage. Mrs.-M- . any rate she was much obliged to her. E. Lease lias been appointed She favorites,- among them one by the Governor of Kansas, president of man named Essex whom she young treated the State Board of Charities and the New very much as a son but they were continuForum is ourauthority for stating that she" ' and she ally quarreling has been ordained a minister in the Christian making "rip, finally had him beneaded but she never seemed to Churcn. . over it. She also beheaded get entirely There was a large attendance at the Mary Queen of Scotts, but in justice it must be said, this Sovereign wras constantly meeting of the Woman's National Press the eveninir of April 21. pressing her claims to the crown and the Association, After some announcements made by the Catholic Churph favored ,it. On, one. ocas-sio- n ' and" she, returned tolief own estate at Hatftwo poor fellows interfered in. one' of president relative to Woman's work at the" ield jn Herefordshire where she lived in her love affairs by a pamphlet and World's Fair Mrs. Gillen. of England, publishing a short talk on the subject , "Every seclusion, devoting her time to the study of selling it, for this their hands were: gave right Man a Genius," which was interesting and Greek and Latin under the instruction of ait off, tne of them immediately raised his suggestive. Mrs. E'aura de Force Goidon's Roger Archemo. From this place Eliza- hat with his left hand saying, "God save all around" talk was replete with thought, beth was called to the throne, her coronation the Queen.', She reigned about forty-fiv- e was a most splendid affair she was every- that time the whole western and clearly manifested - the broad culture of years during - where hailed with joy and gladness she had part of Europe waro :thezw6maa:whp:spolas.-a large sum of money given her by the between the Protestants Constance Fenimore, Wooeson, the and Catholic parties, officers of- the city; during the ceremonies "was 4onrirr Ciarenidii t;'N."" was eontinually" JherQwn ..Jdngdomalsa ' the heavy shocks it was H., lived in Florida during the years when trembling she would never have any other constantly receiving.but Elizabeth with the she was best known to Americans, and has saying husband than the realm of England. She help Ot her wise and efhcient adminstration for some time lived in England, but grew made a very good impression on that day vvuuiu bue una up, developed and first became famous in uispiayeo. great judgment in Cleveland. Her mother was a niece of by her condescension to the poor, The first selecting guided it safely through, she was eleven years of her reign was distinguished many times beset. with schemes and plots to Feiumore Cooper, and the daughter received ' for peace and happiness during this interval dethrone her all of which had to be met his name along with a large share of his she displayed the very best qualities of c. and overcome. Her years reign ranks amongst talent. Miss Woolsou is forty-fou- r old, and quite alonein since the sovereign, firmness, prudence, vigilance, the greatest and most fortunate of English death, in 1879, of her mother, to whom she, activity,- - pity and foresight; she was "just sovereigns she found England inferior to othas firm a Protestant as Mary had been a er nations of Europe and left it amongst the was devoted. Catholic, consequently she did -- all in her most powerful; her age was noted for its To attend the World's Fair one would find power to favor, her own faith, at this time poetry, literature and improved civilization' a pleasant stopping place on the west side there were three theological and political and while she left a blot upon her history away from the noise and confusion of the parties the Reformed Church, the Puritans by the blood she shed,r her reicrn was purity" fair, yet with a railway station at hand so and the Catholics, but all combined against itself, compared with 'that of her father and ' it would cost but little time and strength. to a set called Ana Baptists two members wrere her sister. Elizabeth is said to have been very reacft tne grounds. A lady known to the burned and others severely punished, this great and also very small, she is accused of editor of the Tribune has taken a house to was the first blood spilled by Elizabeth on double dealing, for instance she would issue enable herself and sister to spend the season account of religion. of ado arid loud make a orders and then Spain, in Chicago and will punPhilip a few rooms to thinking he would like to get posessiou of ish those who carried thern out. I think iri spare which she will rent at reasonable England and restore the Catholic faith, sent judging her We should consider her birth rates $30 per month, with opportunity to a fleet called the Invincible Armada over and surroundings; if she wras crafty as they take meals if desired, in the house. The from Spain, but he was completely routed; say she was, she probably lived in a crafty is .especially anxious--to- ha ve as her Jady deieat-lnS of " March weHtfoufth skill thCt in agersherdiedTO Jnglishdisplayed- great guests the progressive wonierTof the day and of her h him, the queen herself appeared in camp in the and this place will be especially desirable age year of her reign although I find for those who are planning to attend the tiding a white horse, armed like a warrior: the forty-fift- h she said to her soldiers "I am only a poor,-wea- that historians differ in dates, as Well as Congresses. Address, W. ,W. care of a of heart character. . the have IV but I Oman's Tribvne, Washington, D. C. woman, king, and I am ready to lie my body down Senator Inzer, of St. Clair, has offered m the dust for my kingdom, my God and in the Alabama. Senate a joint resolution to AND NOTES NEWS, my people. " ' However ' she did not have a submit to the voters a constitutional chance to prove these brave words, by her amendment authorizing the General asskillful commander Sir Frances Drake setcounties in Nebraska have Nineteen sembly to extend suffrag- e- to women in ting fire to the fleet which romnletelv over- - women Superintenctett Counjy serving "1. Bwered- mttmripaletc!w them of schools. am--bassad- or . . " -- V , had-many- , . . - poet-authores- she-place- sf d , the-worl- d - A. sixty-sevent- k re-gar- ds : iizRbimnbed's 'caiisei&k--a84- jihnMAt very long nose, given to swearing and arid iiq.ujQr- The Arkansas" SehTteori A - Whoever else 'was disappointed in the 