WOMAN'S well-know- . .fairy story with the moral I n 16 prince will, come along and the soft and gentle words will touch the heart one longs to know, while rude words only wound or at least displease. Camera, learned the other night. Many years ago in the far country, there lived a .widow with two daughters, Rose was plain looking while L andFlora.-Jo.- se . Flora wras most beautiful to behold. The mother was a vain, foolish woman who desired wealth, and position above virtue and truth, and through this beautiful daughter she hoped to obtain her worldly desires, and she strained every effort and means within her power to advance Flora and educate; her, that she might become e-wife of a. nobleman, She caused Rose much sorrow in that she made her toil and work, and she had to wait on her sister hand and foot, in. fact Rose was ' a mere " servant while Flora was . treated Tike' a princess. One day poor Rose, worn out EXPONENT." ' naturally adapts itself to the conditions of the sick room, especially do we see this in women of "experience.- ; ISlt not about time that joking at the -- 'There is a mother aptness in woman that ex- Health is the greatest earthly boon that can be given to man, and the science that teaches how' to preserve and restore it should be taught to those who mature, bring forth," and nurture mankind in its infancy. Anciently the care of women was in the hands of women. We read that midwifery was entirely in their hands both among the:Kgyptians and the HebWe have all read, no doubt, in rews. Exodus how the Hebrew raid wives- - out- witted ,the king of Iigypt, when he demanded that they should kill all the male children, "But the mid wives ..feared the Iord." They cared nothing whatever for the great king of Kgypt. "Therefore God dealt with the mid wives, and the people multiplied and waxed very mighty.' There is no reason to suppose that those women did not .understand the science and art they were practicing, for we find even to this late day, carried out amongst that people, physological principles and hygenic laws, that have long since past into tenets, or traditions of their faith; but to which modern physiologists attribute the vitality and hardihood of the race and especia y the health of their women. The Greeks and Romans conferred this branch of medicine to women. Pharnarete, the mother of .Socrates, was a midwife, and Plato explains the functions and mentions pense of public women should be stopped? You can hardly take up a daily paper .throughout the land but you will find a coarse fling at some earnest reformer, the single woman ot una vowed age, or the mother-i- n law. Her age isji pebble in the hand of every under wilted reporter to fling at her. Her .zeal is but the jeer of triilers, whose influence in the world, com pared to hers, is less than the breath of a broken bellows. Her individuality is mere craiikism in the estimation of- striolinrs. en and work,hard with having-bewho, if they' should live until Time himthe she hurt by received, bescolding self grew gray, would never know gan to weep and lament. Just then an old part as much as she did before lady came to the door and asked for someshe learned the alphabet. Men who never thing to eat and a place to rest, she saw the in this world, nor in the possitrouble in the house and the cause, and she bilities of the next, can hope to sprout a told the wicked mother that some day her soul, bandy jests at 'her expense; stile wrould Rose become and daughter witticisms are flung at her airily as old great beautiful and that every time she opened boots are thrOwTn at vagrant cats. Is there her. mouth to speak pearls, and diamonds nothing left for man's veneration? Has it and precious gems would fall from her come to pass that even the divine love of mouth, and whenever Flora spoke toads motherhood, with all its tender patience and, snakes' would. Fall from her mouth. and jealous care, is without honor among The mother was naturally very angry and men? Our grandmothers tell us, as one redrove the. old woman away, but sure enough calls the legends of a forgotten past, that one day a prince stopped at the house on there was a time when children wrere taught his way through the Forests For a drink. to be reverent; when young men were r HlltlPC mir1(rf Not knowing his high position, Flora in a chivalrous and old men courtly," lirien umiikih " yielding a flip haughty, way replied she did beautiful deference to woman, as her right, The works of Arsino and Cleopatra give not wait pn travelers, but Rose seeing an and to motherhood as to the coronation that accounts of the women of those clays being opportunity to do some good, immediately made a mother queen of heaven! Did you well versed in the doctrines and practice of waited on the Prince who wras very tired ever stop to think, when you joined in the medicine as then understood. We are told and thirsty, and so sweet was her manner laugh that followed some coarse minstrel there was early a law passed in Athens and so. gentle .Jaexvayihat-he-becamei- ml joke at love- with- - her and - asked- - her mother to that is involved in that term? A mother any of its branches. Modern writers have give her to him in marriage. NotknowTihg has received from heaven,-- heavens' considered this a proof that the science his rank and believing him to be only a ;precious child .:SheliaaL did not prosper in their hands. But may choi(stgjfta common traveler, Flora did not interfere brooded over "every moment oF its infant we . not judge men that then, ""as liow" hadv a desire to occupy alone, all the but great was her anger and dismay when life; she has stood next to God in its helpshe learned her sister's husband was a prince, lessness; she has nursed it through terrible lucrative and important positions that should have been occupied by both sexes. and she became very bitter and never illness; she has guided and controlled, is used nice language but rude and sour and prayed away temptation and interposed Jier It well understood that during the dark wicked words always passed her mouth, own bosom between the shafts of sorrow ages women were held as very little better while her sister Rose became a great princess and its tender heart. The child has grown than slaves, and poor advancement was and taught .her people so much goodness, to womanhood, dear as her own soul, as made in this science as well as all others. nd and only words of kindness-atrutfT and liecessary to her being as sunshine is to the We need not be, surprized that the ideas and barbarous blunders of one man, although wisdom ever left her mouth! gaunt old earth when lol up steps a dap he is considered the father of medicine, was Now of course everybody sees the moral, per youth and beckons her girl away. but why tell the story now? The point is Where love leads young feet will follow, carried out in practice in Europe for nearly this, my young friends, though very beautiand the" mother's heart, is bereft of its two thousand years after his death, when " we consider that woman," with her quick ful, it is not becoming to be too opiniontreasure," given over "to the care of a ated and too free with slang and bitter exI think of it perceptions of error, was excluded from the stranger. I declare,, when in study.. We have no further account of pressions. When I was a little girl and T wonder there is a sane mother-in-lawomen accomplishing anything in any of that story was told to me I used always., to the world. the branches of medicine until Mesdanles shudder and turn cold at the thought of Eachapell and Bavin, French aceouchers Of snakes and toads .dropping from anyone's great eminence, who were born in the WOMEN AS PHYSICIANS. mouth and I used fairly to suffer in my seventeenth century and who were not feelings for that poor girl who was so cursed, afraid to depart from the errors practiced ut do you know expressions of hate and Written for the This is a subject I feel incompetent to do and taught by their masters and "To envy and malice have that same effect upon me now. No young woman, be she ever so justice to as we find the pens of many of whose high position and scientific research nt of a new era beautiful , can afford to use strong and unourgreat:writers busy extolling the women is attributed4lie starting-poi; : pleasant language. I do not mean profanity, physicians of today for the proficiency in for obstetrics in France." America has that would indeed be dreadful, and I am the science and art of medicine to which taken the lead in educating her women as thankful to sayi I know no young woman she has attained. Nor can there be enough, physicians, so women have flocked: here From many other lands to receive, the bless who is profane, but I have heard girls said or written on this subject until it befor ings and honore conferred upon them in the speak very rudely and disagreeably and comes acknowledged to be as necessary when they do so, I always think of the every girl and woman to,be carefully trained medical institutes that are established Dr. Elizabeth Blackwell was the poor unfortunate girl in the jfairy ; tale; in the medical science, as if is for her to here. but how fortunate we are to know so many leain to read and write. Woman is the first, woman in this country to obtain the, d guardian, of infancy and degree .. of M. D .She commenced her girls whose everv-woris a'eem. tudiesip uthl and to1 be sweetly spokeli man Jngund.e.rifi aUthit midstoeieyate 4ng-d- u JSlojbd young4adycatafferd--.- to3e-- i and morally . carelul attention to hospital work she was the physically, as well as mentally for some tempered and ; . - -th- 9 . -- -- - her-Feelings one-hundred- far-awa- y th ' . . it-fi- ti ill-manne- Tnother-itt-laWsrl- xf -- " - ; v . , w " - - -- . " d . - heaven-appointe- -- ill-spoke- n, : day s . 