WOMAN'S EXPONENT. LINES OF COMFORT. 130 mi11 through the night. Each driver unyoked (X frequently unyoked mine) then daysm' - those whose, turn it was, herded them; till t red ther occu-an(f-a dark. The rest of the men would gather things niVd tf C Y hlle We were husy material for fires, often nothing but dried making and mending wagon covers, grass or Buffalo chins as they were called. T As we neared our destination, mungcrackets,and in every way aiding tO Cremrp fnr ihr Intin- o,J ailQ aSSlStingr. U r..n oir am " ' uiiu uyuouuic wcanbume aim iuii toil. fruMc you lonsome last At we Grass started hem and journey. A few lines to comfort your griefstricken heart, 7 grot as farasth Kit-- iw t; r . . viicic wc uui, uuen, wnen an ox gave out, a cow of the that attend And pray spirit peace may you, v t luunin, The roads were waiting tor tne rest was put in its place. For we know it is hard with a loved one to to arrive,-sto as organize into companies rough, wagons had to be pitched up, till ' part. . . of hundreds, fifties and tens. l! now-bumetimes would wonder others its to you Christmas When good cheer was they The brethren made a.large and substan- could all. One of calamities was gkrat my bringing, tial raft, on which to ferrv us across, for the n my giving; out, and in groiugr It filled us, dear sister with sorrow and woe was swift and deep, and every wagon down river hill a I had to hold the nigh ox by the To know in your ears the sad death knell was ana person had to cross in that way. The horn and tap the off one over the face and ,, . , ringing, cattle were made to swim over. I forgot to keep saying, " Whoa, Back; Whoa, Back," While the hot, scalding tears from your dim eyesdid our that say family being numerous and and nearly hold my breath till T got down :flow. two of we women rather thought to the. bottom, then help scarce, stop, draw a breath of we could manage with the But bright is your hope in the happy reflection, of see all that was. right, then on again, my relief, pversight That the boy you're bereft of so faithful and husband to drive our own team, whirh fnr nti consisted of a yoke of cattle, for, though had to true, : get out of their way. (you can iust Will rise with the just in the first resurrection, from a just coming large city, and not imagine what a condition our skirts were used to As a star in the crown of your husband and this kind of a lifenever in.) ' I never shall forget the last day we being ' you. naving seen cattle yoked together; still I traveled, and arrived in the Valley. It How sweet is the thought, when our. lov'd cnes luuugut, wen- - wnat any otiier woman can happened to be my turn to drive that day do, I can, so, shouldering my whip, I Sept. 2SH1. The reach of our wagon was" are taken, To know that thy Uaveledthe straight-ra- r and soon broken and tied together after a fashion, learned to team first class. row way, and the way the front wheels wabbled about manage my . I learned to on With a fervor of purpose that could-no- t the instant- - was a sight to behold. I kept expecting be put at the of a ly shaken, top steep hill,, and would every minute to see the poor old concern out By the wiles of temptation that lead us astray. jump quickly while, the cattle were draw apart and come to grief, but it held" to take it olT, so that the impetus together and. when my eyes rested on the -going, Your son has been summoned to fill some high aflorded by the end of the descent would aid beautiful station, entrancing sight the Valley; them in starting up the other side, for we Oh! how my heart swelled within me, I Of honor with heroes we love and extol, 1 ofteirpassed through deep gullies On one' could have laughed and cried, such a "To preach to the spirits the plan of Salvation, I was jumping out while the mingling of emotions I cannot describe, That the Gospel of peace may be offered to all. cattle were going, arid my skirt caught on My soul was filled with thankfulness to We mourn with you sister and share in your the tongue bolt, .and threw me down, and God for bringing us to a place of rest and weeping, before I could extricate myself the- nigh home. No doubt our valley looks But still we can feel that repining is vain, front jwheel-- : passed; jover. my; leg j ust above safetya to the "strangers wto" astonishingiy "beautiftil Your Alfred is well arid in . . ' ..j. a1 7 1.1. !.,. x lieaveVsalelcpingy tiic uiiic. ciiiiauiea into-- tne wagon ine come Here now, but it cannot evoke the - No more to be subject to trouble and pairi." best way I could; I turned down my stock- - same emotions as it did to us, poor weary We honor you sister as one who is gifted, Aug- expegtingp to "see. bad" bruise for tkedAyonro OjfGod,and bxna lo and behold there was drove into camp, unyoked my cattle, and but painful, "very How oft has the veil from our blind eyes been no bruise there. I was much astonished sat down on the wagon tongue, and began lifted, but very thankful. The pain soon passed to realize that, in the morning I would not As the spirit would lead you our errors to chide. away and I drove my team as usual. - I have to hitch up and toil through another Take comfort then sister in this your affliction, must relate another remarkable incident day, such a feeling , of rest blessed rest The sad blow of death that so suddenly came, that happened. While toiling through the permeated my whole being that is inipos--' Will be found when in look the . d quick-sanof the Black hills the sible to . describe, and cannot be realized you proper ... direction, 'reaches' ' had beeu shortened, teams except by those who have passed through ' To weave sweet,fresh laurels to honor your name doubled, and, while they were toiling slowly similar scenes. Anne Rowley. After a day or two my husband" with up the hills all but the driver- pushing be- In behalf of the Primarv Association of Ameri one dear our little ones, a boy others began to explore Emigration and of. hind, can Fork of Utah Stake. fifteen months old, being asleep was left in other canyons, made a road to the timber the wagon. It being a hot day, the sides and in a very short time a log room was up, , PERSONAL REMINISCENCES. of the cover had beeu tied up. The child a rough fireplace was built, what few chairs on awaking,! finding himself alone, looked we had brought with us, our trunks and Editor Woman's Exponent-- . out at the side and fell right between the boxes were brought in, and a few rough Dear Old Friend: My Exponent had wheels, the hind one passing over his limbs seats were improvised, enough for us to not come for some time, and I had began to before he could be rescued. His father assemble around the fire with a semblance ; feel hungry .for, and wonder why it had picked him up I durst not look up for I of a roof over our heads (we did not wait : not reached me. When yesterday I heard expected to see his tender limbs severed for it to be finished) that was an evening a dump on the doorstep and there was a from his body, but strange to say owing never to be forgotten. The first one of the parcel of four numbers truly a feast of fat to the soft sand, and the, great mercy of kind in more than three months. v We spent the evening in singing-ththings. As I read the beautiful inspiration, God, all the hurt was a red mark made by 'The Christmas of the. Pioneers, " by our iron tire across his limbs; His .father , pray er and -- praise to that kind Being- who -- administered to himrnd in a little while he iiad Drpugnt ana guided us to this haven of nimd went back to the of 47, wjien was holding the whip apparently as well as peace ana satety. boon more rooms were spring I a young, The l first part of the journey I added, and made as comfortable as possible, girl of seventeen, had just ar- - ever, we slept in our wagons far into the winter. nved at Winter Quarters from my home in enjoyed much, being young, and having after our breath would be frozen and our mind the driving and England. Notwithstanding the dire pov- good health, I did not pillows. But. those of us who were well erty, and much sickness which prevailed, the labor incidental to such a journey, cook post of the people were preparing to folio w ing, washing, and etc. At night, when did not mind it very much, we were con1Q the tnir ti'd" wake of the Pioneers who had just we drove into camp the wagons formed in tented fmd liarmV T nnrimii-nifthe first two with baud into the canyons, cooking and makingstarted on their My husband, the shape of a horseshoe, journey. with others wTas ends pretty close together, the next j things, as comfortobleasIuidvi'oris busyj mending wagons, theiront W(S?it-(Bimn well remeinber gmg Presented by the; Primaries of American Fork Ward to Sister Sarah Eertsen duff" of the Utah Stake Presidency of Primaries, on the occasion of the death of her beloved son Alfred E. ClufT aged fourteen years, who died at his home in Prove.Dec. 25th, 1892. We love you kind sister, and join here to send 11 StCep hiUs iu thosc - llis ' -- Si - i - our-jour- ,,r -j aui o . . lock-chai- -- 1 I : lock-chai- n -- -- ' . co-occasi- on . - .1 . . . . , 1 - it-w- as . : ' . - ! . ,. ... : ; . . " - " e - f . - SUnS-t- o -. idetfhehe?l3oXOTm mt - - juuianii f on until the htty were in place. , 3dosiu;eli3OTii 1 ne en- - ATA M . 1 1 - tne star Deaecked nrmament over head. i 