WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -- gene in all their duties, esteemed it a priviwomen of Zion could be replege that the at the Columbian Exposition through. the World's Fair Association, hoped it would prove a grand success. Sister uonus rcpuneu uie sisters ot R'ntiraim. South Wafdas beiiltf alive to their duties. Said the purposed World's Fair exhibit had met with universal approval. Sister Anderson reported the sisters -- of Kphraim, North Ward, as being very diligent jit ministering to the wants of the poor resented 127 ft. sectanan institution its object was to aid all cases of distress which came under its notice, irrespective of age, creed or nationality. H appoints each year a special visiting committee, whose duty it is to visit the homes of these people'and learn as nearly as possible their true condition, that they may be Relief Society. It had existed from1 the early days of the Mormon Church, though' during the emigration to Utah and settlement here its work was carried on in a desultory way. The people were then poor. As settlements were established in the Territory branch' societies were organized m each ward. They had accomplished ; a great work in providing for the poor nursing the sick, etc. At present the organization is most complete, 'comorismir in nit 26,700 members. There is a general central organization of seven members; then a county or stake centrarboard; ; and In each ward a complete organization. These have a corps of teachers, who visit the people and report once a month. Thus the condition and needs of every person in the ward should be. known. Most of, the women of the Church are on its membership Since its organization the society has expended over nine thousand dollars. This amount has been mainly spent for rents, food and coal, but does not include a large amount of clothing which has been made, solicited and distributed among the It has given assistance to two hundredpoorr and forty families. Some of these have received aid every month since its organization; others have been helped as occasion required. It has endeavored .to' secure employment for all who are able to work, and the means of rendering; jnany. . .a? Those assisted regularly each and afflicted. ; Sister Gasto represented the South Ward oiManti;,tlie teacher were faithful and diligent in performing their labors1 and the poor were well provided for, bore testimony tojier abiding faith in the Gospel. Sister Minerva W. Snow wras glad to hear the report of their good works, and was rejoiced to know that the poor were -provided for, felt that the sisters wenrblest in their labors, because they were united month are either invalids or aged and inwith the Priesthood. firm. Its income is derived from regular Pfest John B. Maiben bore testimony to monthly subscriptions and occasional enterthe good work accomplished by the sisters; tainments given by its members, felt that all who were" willing to respond to The membership has been inthe call would receive the blessing; thought creased society's and limited to fifteen active memthat the sisters of the Relief Society were bers, besides its associate members. The like Mary of old, and had chosen the betofficers and 1893-- are: " Emma ' 7 ter part. president: Fanny Hanauer. vice ' Prest Canute Peterson exhorted the sispresident; Bertha Hemstead, secretary, and ters to persevere- in well doing that thev Blanche Mackintosh, treasurer. may receive the reward promised to the Mr. L. Hyams then submitted the folfaithful; was pleased with the reports from report of the work of the ' Ladies' the various Wards,; thought v they" bore lowing Hebrew Benevolent society of this city, for to the faithfulness and strong testimony the past year, together with a brief history diligence of the sisters. of the work since its organization. Sister Snow regretted the absence of The receipts during the ear 1892 were Sister Hyde, knew her to be a woman of $749.10; disbursements, $757.12; the numGod; desired all to lift their hearts in prayber of persons assisted being twenty-eigh- t, . J?n self-supportin- , g. buildings etc. It also has a number of granaries and a large quantity of wheat; for its members have known the contingencies which arise in this Tegion to brin scarcity of food, and have therefore provided for them. It is anticipated that the society will ultimately be able to carry on its work by means accumulated and &cj : for-189- - -M- ? , cCornick, from the public. Each branch society shouid contribute $1 per month for the support of the Deseret - . er in her behalf. .Conference adjourned untibMarch, singing 'Tiiise God from whom all blessings flow." - Benediction by Bishop S. L. . Anderson. Cox. Sec. Pro tern. L.-A- CONFERENCE OF CHARITIES. The Territorial conference of charities was called by Mrs. Cornelia Paddock, sec- retary for Utah of the National Conference of Charities and Corrections, to meet in the East Side Baptist church at io o'clock. At 10:30 a. m. Mrs. Paddock called the meeting to order and acted in the capacity 01 presiding officer. Prayer was onered by the Rev. Mr. Adams, after which Mr. Stafford read a circular, stating the aims and methods of the national organization. ; Mrs. Paddock then said that some months ago the president of the national conference informed her that at the meeting next summer she was expected to review the history of charitable work in Utah for the past twenty years. She felt that she was unable to do so with the information then in her possession, so had called this Territorial . Conference, and had invited those engaged in charitable work to report what had been done. The efforts of the national organiz-tioirpeIrect- is - Father Scanlan. ..who was to have renort. ed' the thoIicTiafftlef.Vas not ; present,, and Prof. F. W. Metcalf, by request, read an account of the drcumstances which led to the first establishment of a board of -- membership, it has alwa)Ts extended a helping hand to all persons applying for aid. Its income is derived from monthly dues and the proceeds of social entertainments. The total receipts from all sources for the past five years were $3,093.50; the expenditures for same period, $2,416.50; leaving the sum of $677 in the treasury. The total number of persons that has been assisted since the organization is ninety-six- . Dr. R. B. Pratt reported the Deseret had been unable because of pro- Hospital 4 fessional calls to complete a written sketch of the institution, but this would be handed in. The lady stated that the hospital was founded May 12, 1882, as an aid to the Relief Society and . other organizations Saints in caring for among the Latter-da- y the sick and those suffering from injuries. During the past nine' years, attention had been given at the hospital to an average of one hundred patients per year. The institution had met with good success in the well as benevolent, and has' accomplished a good work in qualifying its members for the better performance of duties resting on them. Mrs. Wells stated '.that .her histori cal sketch of the society and its report for 1892 would be prepared and filed with Mrs. Paddock. hlty-thre- e. uupexvisivnoi-state JNew York. "cnannes ai yuDany, ( ; ; Mrs. Jeannette Ferry, Mrs. McVicker, and Mrs. S. Deamude each made a few remarks on the charitable work being done by, women. Mrs. Deamude, who is recently from Iowa, suggested that the .institution of a Sunday school at the? penitentiary would be beneficial to the inmates. The conference then took recess till the , afternoon. NOTES AND NEWS. a. treat-jnentjhos- pk ed to the prevention of rate being low for the class of cases brought crimes as well as to in. The expense is between $500 and $600 relieving the poor. Miss Emma McCornick presented a re- per. month, about one half of which is for port of the Yoiintr T.nrhW; Aid cnriVtv charity patients. The institution is well the report being made by the founder of the furnished, and is supported , partly by fciety, Mrs. Miriam Godbe Brooks as fol- - contributions from the Relief Society and lows:: Young Ladies' associations among the LatThe Young Ladies' Aid Society, and out- - ter Dav Saints. IL ,Wells .mpQ.rtecUtlieRelie.J j?pwth of 4he Ladies' General Aidociety, - Mrs, was organized Oct. Society. She said the name of the organiz5th, 1886, with a twelve young girls,- :As a non-- - ation- wtro;eNatJOTial Woman's ' ; rneu:-bershipj- jf. -- - : the majority of whom were transients. , The Iadies' Hebrew was organized January 4th. 1888 , with a charter membership of twenty-on- e Its present membership ' y; -- A new"" magazine, entitled Woman's Progress is soon to be started in Phila' delphia. Florence Nightingale has! started a health crusade amongst the villages of Buckingham, assisted by the County Council Technical Instruction Committee. A bill granting township suffrage to women has been : introduced in the IiSinois yv yyv-'- :' Legislature. TnEpetition from Mrs, Armenia S. White and others for municipal woman suffrage has been presented in the New Hampshire Legislature, and referred to the Judiciary . ' , ; Committee. ; Miss Emily C. Woodruff, of Little Valley, N. Y., was ordained on Feb. 9th, as pastor of the Congregational church of that place---behasHk- ee vices in the Little VaUey churchiuce the ideatrruf "lrerusb'and'&me"mon& ago. 1 