EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 192 R. S, REPORT. P. A. CACHE $TAKK. Editor Woman's Exponent. regard to our Primary work in this county might be appreciated by your many readers, I will in- Thinking a few items in form you as accurately as possible in regard to th,e condition in this Stake. We have our annual District l'tist finished holding Conferences. The first was held in Logan I. embracing nine wards, over four hundred children were in- attendance. Next Con- i .11 r tt .'iv aiien lerence wasneicii in iiyrum wnngooa a attendance was in fact there dance, good at all the conferences. We held one also in Paradise, in Wellsville, in Mendon, in Smithficld, in Richmond and Newton, Sister Lillie T. Freeze of the Territorial board. and.Sister Aurelia Rogers of Farm ington, President of the Primaries were with us, and attended all our meetings. The children were well prenared at each conference and acquitted themselves very creditably. The attendance of boys was not as large as it would have been, had it not been a busy season for them but in the eight conferences we metfiye hundred, and one thousand and girls, making a total of eighteen hundred and eight children. We have thirty associations in Cache Stake, with an enrollment of about two thousand three hundred and seventy-one- . I have not the exact number but this is as near as I can get a present. The usual Ve attendance is good iif all the wards. hold district conferences every year, and visit the annual meeting each ward as far as possible. We also have Fairs held every year, and the work of children both boys and girls is very creditable. 1'lUVIi ViVUIL 13 UUC LI1C IJUXl?? Hit till- ferent associations. We have a band of able energetic women who are using their tune and talent freely, for the improve- nf-l"n1''-i1,lioctllfrMlt Tf tlli rAtHArat children are showing great i improvement in their manner, and their morals are not Our exercises are about the neglected. same-ain, other Stakes but we are always on the alert for any good thing which will help along the good work. Our President Sister Jane E.; Molen is an indefatigable worker, and under her influence things are sure to prosper. Siseer Freeze always. has good things to say to us, and of us, and the Children in this StlVe emerf hor ot ihir , 'yearly conference, as she has endeared herself to them all. We hope next year to have Sister Felt visit us as she has never, been able to favor us so far with a visit. One of the pleasant features of our associations is the number of young girls and boys who have almost grown up in the association, who still continue in them, and aid the officers in their work, by so doing they are a power among the small ones, and a help almost beyond comprehension and the officers appreciate them. Hoping the associations in 2ion "may continue in growth and good - works. I remain a Pri- nnn' 'rr"'or- - " " He that would make real progress in honor We had a nice program June-is- t, of the birthday of our late esteemed President Brigham Young, well rendered; our program consisted of a lecture from the Book of Mormon, historical sketch of the organization and benefits of the Primary Association, recitations, songs," dialogues, Questions and answers. ' OBITUARIES. Died at Oakley Cassia Co. Idaho, April ith of consumption; Louisa Augusta Smith, eldest child of John L. Smith and Julia Haisrht Smiti, A brief history of President Brigham 'for the with Young. poetry composed cision . We had a good time. the. parents were astonished at what their: cniiareii-iialearned in the Primary. born August 10, iSSo, atLub!ett Creek Idahn' ngea iweive years iour monins ana seven days Sister Louisa was a very examplary child, and kind at home, a member 6f Sab- d bath School and Primary Association, she love A 10 reaa anu. iook. rnucn pleasure reading the Juvenile Instructor, which she enjoyed even during her last moments. All join her parents in mourning the loss of the dear child. May her rest and sleep be sweet NOTES AND NEWS. . fifty-eig- ht KJX . 7r - . s. ' Jk A -- Logan, Utah. V, 4. V V " Mattie Blair Hanson, PRIMARY. AT WAI.LSBURG. Our association our dear 'President Sister Sarah Glenn is alive toiler duty ..in training the hildren in 4he dition,. is in a flourishing con- -- principles-tf-theGospeI; , If industry l ever-thoughtfu- Ida Boken, Sec. , - in knowledge must dedicate his age as well as youth, the latter growth as well as the first fruits, at the altar of truth. Berkeley is no more than a habit, it is Editor Exponent-- at least an excellent one. . - - It is with feelings of sadness have been called to part with one of our sisters. Sister Mary Butters departed this life April 17th, iSoj ageu seveiHV'inree years.nve monins ana lourteen days She was born at Elling Green, Dereham ' u t c ITtok TTmicrrntpr! .Nnrfnilc.'RnP'lflndn j Ilci niui vqh familv in lS6o she waj a fnithfnt clctcr ,.! : losing her we have lost one of the most energetic w-- e Mrs. Laura Ormiston Chant ad . dressed an enthusiastic audience at Parsons, Kan., on June 24, and preached twice on the following Sunday. -- The statue of Queen Victoria, the work of Princess Beatrice, the youngest daughter of the Queen, has been highly commended for its artistic merit. It was unveiled by in person, June 28, in Kensingn . c 1 111 mj j nuiiili; 1I1U ailU health when called on, when for her own health's sake it would have been wise to have refused. 5hp left ' Mnriran tn visJf hpr doniyKtar iUli. Culmer S. L. City and attend the""uintl, dedication of i i c!l- - on! thp Tpmnlf hut wac i a that nrivilprf .. fhf rliM,lrn Ipavpc cpuomI w. "" v.ntiuitu dllU children to mourn her loss, her husband grand K Ti'In r .. nraa1a1 Via. "oviug jjnttucu uci acvcidi years. At the resurrection morning, We shall all appear as one; Oh! what robes of bright adorning Will the righteous then put on. S. A. Rawle Cor. Spc. Morgan City, May 1, 189J. the-Quee- ton Gardens " ( J .... t-- Mrs. Helen M. Gougar has been l--pn m. elected a member of the Board of Trustees of Hillsdale College, Michigan, of which institution she is a Graduate. She has al so been made President of the Board of Women Commissioners wTho are to raise $50,000 with which to endow two chairs" to be filled by women who are to sit with the faculty clothed with powers equal to the male protcssors. . RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. To the memory of Esther Lennra Tvlpr wife nf that Mrs. Palmer has allowed. RobeTt41Tylerrwho diedFebrunrv 1 her salary to accumulate until it is .. about-$7,00- in Arizona. 5h' va thp and the bill for this he. will now daughter of Sylvester H.and Roseltha M. Pearce. was She in born on of the treasury departProvo, Utah.September istjSeS. present request It is btated -- " 0 Alpiner-ADacheC- o. be paid Jnthe Jsabella "quarter dollar coins. TJie issue of these is only $10,000 and Mrs. Palmer takes this course on behalf of the Board of Lady Managers so as toTkeep the coins from be coming speculative property on the part of Shewas the mother of fivetrhildren four of whom" survive her. The last an infant ttancrhtpr is r sleeping by her side Sister Tvler was a true wifp faithful Latterday Saint and was 1 member of the is.eiiei society aunng ner residence here. Whereas our Heavenlv Fathpr ha cppti fit tn call from our midst our beloved sister, therefore At the annual meeting of the Hampden C. Resolved, that in her death wp tfip mpmKprc nf the Relief Society recognize the loss of a faithful ment so thait jnay , " outsiders. T. U. at Chicopee, recently, County W. a resolution against the Sunday opening- - of the Columbian Fair was adopted. Mrs . Beesie Blodgett entered a vigorous protest. She thought she could do more for Christ by going ; to the World's Fair1 on Sunday and taking 500" sinners with her, than she could by staying away and keeping the sinning 500 away. When the vote was taken, Mrs. Blodgett was the only one who opposed the resolution. The tu-jauur- . first general meeting of women lawyers ever held will occur in Chicago, Aug; 3, 4 and 5 next, in the Isabella clubhouse, under the auspices of the law de- Resolved, that we extend nnr svmnlliv tn the bereaved family. , Kesolved that a cony of these recntntions be presented to the sormwtner fami lv a rnnv published in the Woman's Exponent and a copy ue piacea upon tne record of the Relief Society. jane Noble, President. Viola M. Hatch, Sec. - . ! partment of theOueen TKplla A oo;rt: papersr scussions-a- hd eon icicinjc meciiugs, me object being to promote acquaintance among those interested in the practical wprjc of the -All women in. the United States,profession and elsewhere, who have been admitted to the bar of a court of jecord, or graduated from a ' law school, are especially invited to be present. .Miss Ellen A. Martin of No -- uiiuivLec un er. arrangements. Ex, 26, 28, 30and32 East 1st South St., SAItT IAICE-GITY- r The Leading Retail Cash HoTisr, - , 