I WOMAN'S is beyond language. to' convey to those who have not seen it for themselves. At another time we will tell our readers of the luncheon given by Mrs. Sewall at the Richelieu, on Saturday 20th, and of Mrs. Pa'iner's reception at her own house on Monday 21st, which the Utah these entertainments, "f V I i we l)pTtm tn noar-K11- 1 EXPONENT; 1.. - L4. 4.1. 173 " luc enormous won ' ing, breathing world of which she is a , aers of this gigantic that has necessary factor in the economy of nature. town together people enterprise of all nations, with their best productions in everj art known to: mankind as well as the learned LUNCHEON AT THE RICHELIEU. and the products of industries professions, not yet arrived at the perfection styled arts in modern 'The invitations were very handsome, ladies had the pleasure of attending. ' : .. phraseology. i'; largefcards with the seal and motto of the, The writer is free- to confess she knows National Council of Women,-thUnited not where to begin or what to see first; States at tketopand tlie names of its officers:. ONLY A GI7AKCK7 however, making a bold dash to 'accomplish' just underneath. ' some little in the way of The invitations read,"The Officers of the we T11K Columbian Exposition is certainly with one place began more in National Council of Women of the United - the greatest event-i- n the - largest-sens- e - of our -- own1 line-- of work seemingly The Wo" States desire the pleasure of your company, the word that has .been in any age of the man's Building." We had attended one, at a luncheon, given in honor of we have any knowledge, world of two, three' receptions there, one- of these of the International Council of so far as learning, invention and practical' the unveiling of the 'statue of Harriet Women, at half past one o'clock .on the hicrhfr Hprplnnmpnt utilif f "fnr thf nf . '.1 VA tUa TJl, cuci oLuwe,wuii ceremonies or exercises afternoon of Saturday, May, 20th, 1893 --: ' are concerned.and ; arts sciences ; in the. beautiful T The Richelieu." decorated ' ' To attempt any adequate . description of library; in factandftlsticaily 'The envelopes also had the seal and had been chaperoned wis .uiiuuuiijuia uigaui. uuuiciii uuuer motto it by r6rie of the mrougja lithographed' the same as the card. ; taking would require a superhuman effort Lady Managers, and yet felt in view of its It was very fine indeed, quite in keeping almost, at any rate a tremendous power of exquisite beauty how ' comparatively little with the Council itself, and the grand re-- ; pnysicai nerve iorce ana mental cauDre. we know: and so as we sav iii the storv. ception to be given. One may go day after day in the same There' were four delegates from Utah ' tui3 was uur marune point: Lute mntiv building (either of the large ones) and yet other buildings it contains many unpacked j, present , ' and we feel sure- - they wi 11 never? feel he has not seen "the half "there is to be unopened boxes, mysteries yet to be revealed. forget the splendor of the rooms, nor the seen. , Writing up the World's Fair is bex ucic is mure even now man one can There: brilliancy of the entertainment. on done a infinitesimal scale. is It a or were of number very ing readily study describe, and the fact seems distinguished: foreigners like throwing a pebble into the water, and always uppermost how little we poor in or in attendance. A description of the dresses is a most unsatisfactory work; and yet so talsfoiow of the great, wide, wide world in worn and of these ladies themselves would many attempt it, the daily papers here have its richness and abundance how small and be interesting to most of our readers, but the best chance of course, and yet large as insignificant we are in'and of ourselves. we are not good at that sort or thing, but ' their faces' beamed with inthey are, and bright as the men and women ,. As all our readers are doubtless aware, the cari tell-yoare who are upon the editorial and repor-toriarchitect wTas.;Miss Sophia S. Hayden of telligence :; which made them, all; appear, ' staffs of these ponderous dailies, Boston (how glad T am 'twas a Boston wo Mrs. May Wright radiantly beautiful. "even they ; do not pretend to write up and man.) The building' is , two stories high Sewall, President of the National Council, ' keep pace with what is going on in all and, the rotunda is sixty-fiv- e by' seventy was the presiding genius and leading spirit j feet reaching 'through the' height '.of 'the of hddecasion. She looked like a queen departments. Many things are unfinished, and men and building and covered with a skylight. On and her premier, Mrs. Rachel Foster Avery, , women are constantly doing and making the roofs of the ns are open areas. was near to assist and execute her behests, improvements, and the more they plan, and une serves as a caie and one as a tea and do honor to the occasion, which was the more they do, the more complicated the garden; such an opportune time to manifest appreciawork, of summing it up becomes At the extreme ends of the rotunda are tion of the delegates who had " come from Then " twaimmense-paintmg- s, JthertLlslhenstantrrentof-- people-cor-n containing, many" other landsr" The "parlor where the quests Who can expect to tell of figures, and scenes in the7 most delicate assembled was like a garden : of lillies and i irig and going. ' "even the noted people, who are so modest colors,- and the effect upon the observer is roses,' and the beautiful women gathered as not to force themselves upon public notice almost entrancing; it lifts one into a region there were the real gems of lustre and from the various countries loveliness imto be, mentioned m the daily press. : of highly cultivated art and leaves-thWhatijbne; can say is only like a side pression of the picture engrafted: upon the whither they had come. it4 was a scene of beauty and of elegance; ;. scene, ,and barely a suggestion of the great, imagination. In' the midst of the beauty moments' conversation with; actual, intense fact that has. begun to change and delight of these crowning efforts of but after a few r r the announcement was made i the whole tenor of life in the great City of woman's genius, displayed in the building r Chicago. It comes over one every now and and its adornments; it is difficult to define-th- that dinner was served in .one of the rooms emotions that possess the human soul, above.'1; The guests mounted one staircase then like a . magnificent dream of splendor ' and enchantment, and it is hard to believe at least the soul of a sympathetic, sensitive after another until the banquet hall was n even in the midst "oV it, that it is a deep woman. It seemed we were, lifted out of reached, bright with banners and most arid , reality, permeating the this every day, practical age in which we fragrant with roses,,' and the fact is entire present, and reaching out to the great are living, into a land of beauty, of lights significant that there were assembled there ' the representative women of the hinhest unknown, and significant future. We and shadows that blended in the most "athave many of us been saying that life, was tractive harmony of color and of effect, and and finest civilization of the world. full of promise, the world, was opening out all around above and below were things or i The tables were presided over by the . hostesses of the occasion, the central1 one into broader fields and a higher expanse of beauty of the finest order. Mrs. Candace "Wheeler, who has had. having in the chair oP honor the dignified intellectual endowment, of civilization and President; of the Council, May Wright enlightenment, and yet .with all the pro- - charge of the decorative work and the Sewall. ;;. phetie intuition of the inspirational soul, blending of harmonious colors, and objects, : The; eight tables were arranged in the none of us", ever imagined in our fondest is herself the; f personification ; of exquisite dreams of any thing so lofty, sa intensely taste in dress and appearance,' and her form of a cross and there were something i tendencies and;.' Sweejffeedjyyayswi vacant3 seati stated the fact that others , manDenehts, as this Exposition now seems; to sees at a glance how well the lady have become. All the sciences of all' the agers have chosen in making the selection had been invited but were for some reason onerous absent. The floral decorations were oblong ages seem to have culminated in this one they did1 for: this important but; needlework,' in form, piled high with American roses period of time, and the wheels of progress position.; All the pictures, red in color), smi lax and ferns. i still; roll onward ''conquering and to lace; embroidery, ; and- tapestry hereliave ' (dark The menu on a handsome card was in - .;;;;: been done by woman's hands and skill, ; ;;.; r ;:; ' conquer." A goodly number of our Utah people, wrought out of her ingenious brain; n The';' French and the delicacies were elegantly -she has served. Conversation at each table was bright men and women, have been visiting" pictures she'ha painted, the books the Exposition papers she has edited and pul ; lively and enjoyable, at least it was where grounds day after; day for written,the our own part, we have been wholly occupiea lished, the silk she has manufactured, the we were seated; at' the head of the table IsabeJO .for. two. weeks - with1- - eo rr racrp C id the- spiriningveMrign of the National Council, who Secretary and and every sort ot worr or or mvenuon, au consequent duties and obligations, "social - ; " -- theseafe here-'- ' tf ierwi$ef the congresses Involved;" ce in. the great livh asireelyas possible. The writer was seated Only now for the last day or two have woman's power -- - - " - - e sight-seein- rsv g, - the-Officer- s - ; i,,. I " -- V . -- some-partST- Di : - : . --- -- u al i ; , , ; ' " " ; : " - ' - e . eachV-othe- far-reachi- ng ' 4 " , -- i f- - JrjOdue educaio"jnghty : . ' ' ; i ' ; - : . - 41 " as arid-for- 