100 At WOMAN'S WOMAN'S okl and young, that this sacred edifice might be finished and dedicated wherein the labor for the dead might be more fully accomplish-"' ' ' ed. EXPONENT. Editor. EMAfELLVE D. WELLS, . , It is now perhaps almost an assured fact that the Temple will be dedicated on the 6th of April iSqj, and should it transpire at in Salt Uike Gty, Utah. PuLliihed Terms; one copy one year, $x.oo; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made l'r clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage ope year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each squ.are, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 52.50; per month, 5300. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. ' EXPONENT office, No, 2 E., South Temple Street, second ate easlof Dcscret hours; from iq a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. ' Address all business communication'to semi-monthl- EXPONENT, y, that time, the shouts and rejoicing of the congregations of the Saints, would be something little less than marvelous, for there can be no doubt that the angels above are watching and waiting and rejoice with' those PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ., Salt Lake City, Utah. .on earth. The people are looking forward to this momentous event with the greatest Entered at the Post OJfice in Salt Lake City, Utah, as amount of enthusiasm and prospective joy second class matter. ' ' and gladness. And therefore it seems to be consistent to Lake Citv January 1st, 1893.srry. that this year will be the most important in the'iristory of nhiT"pe"a'iid""'iiTdrbe HAlL:TlH""GLAB'NEWEA'Rr specially significant of the Latter-da- y Although we are so unavoidably late in work. No doubt many good resolutions friends and patrons tc .whom .we wish to been made and will be kept, and jt is t l T tt t to try even though one may cxprebb west ixew year s wisnes, yet nevertheless we feel the deepest interest in those sometimes fall short of the standard of exwho have, from time to time, manifested cellence which he or she may desire to reach. the least expression of good feeling or inIn tjie good old days when wre were young terest in the work being done through the i dear New England, New Year's was the KxrONENT,or organizations.or clubs of wotime of gifts and calls and rejoicing, feastmen, and it seems that this New Year opens ing and entertainments, for Christmas was with brighter prospeets and anticipations in not" kept there as if is nowadays. - While we the way of woman'sadvancement than may realize that, many things have been ever before. neglected in the past year and mistakes The Columbian Exposition has given to made, new resolves will be formed that in women everywhere wider opportunities, and their earnestness and favor will help those .the women of this Territory have a fair upward and onward that diligently seek to share n f renrpp ntni i ih t U do good and to --assist iff ihe perfecting and ' various pursuits of life, and of work in all uplifting of humanity, and the preparation its nhases ... Arirl an civ i,a for the great day of the Millirinium. -;Qpeuing what progress" to one and all the editor of the Ex wm uu maue aepenas niucn upon the woponent extends "A Happy New- Year." men themselves; to be sure there is a lack of means, but the material interests must HOLIDAY JOURNALS. be considered and e very effort possible made to show the appreciation of the THE DESERET NEWS. advantages to women in this great and grand given There have been a number of very rt . . ...ill win uu creditable Holiday papers ' in Utah this educational and advantageous to all the holiday season, but amongj them all, we ; .; V .world. would mention first the oldest paper Here in these peaceful 'vales, we are compublished in this region of country the shut from paratively away many of the Dbseret News," , which- - issued a special disagreeable and unpleasant occurrences that number of its valuable weekly edition as a are so common in many parts of the world, souvenir: of ahe New Year, an unusual-departur- e and for this blessing the gratitude of the for that paper, that has gone on entire people should be offered to Him, who in its regular order from year to year ever has guided their ways and through his since its establishment in the early days; the Providence opened up these valleys for an first number being issued on June iC 1 8 so abiding place of security and promise. the type having been set in this house; and What may yet transpire none know, that is in this very room where so much haaieen" done in that sort of work since. T see-ar-id ivbose way a are'noras ourwavs The New Year's issue of the Deseret but of the completion of the ' News has a very artistically arranged cover, bait Lake Temple, during this present year representing the Holidays .vit holly enpr oughtto make iin glad year for twined a bee hive and a r the Latter-da- y hanging tablet with Saints. the appropriate motto, "Truth and Liberty' lt is anevent that has been looked forThe contents are of a ward to with the greatest interest for high standard of the excellence and the work is last forty years, and tons nni,rt,,..j - r profusely illus- -' Newj-OfficerBusi.iei- . .''?. L Slt - -- , 1 .1 wtviH.3-ttUj-ui- m the--prospec- and-hap- , j , v. vlx Stephens is one that all should read, reflect and act upon who are interested in the musical development of the young people of the Territory. . Prof. Stephens has spoken out plainly and one cannot help admiring his frankness, on the subject for which he has labored so industriously, and it is sincerely to dc iiopeu. mat tne wnoie-soule- d genuine ness of the article will have its effect, and a wider and deeper interest be manifest in the directions he has so clearly pointed out. His picture which accompanies the article r 1 .... it r van jjuren is vciy guuu mueeu;J. tfXT anai tne Saints," by Elder John Nicholson is strong and expressive and embodies the facts relating to that very important and most eventful period in the history of the Church, and 3 "T-- J j l . MUV J iJ V W V There are some short articles amusing arid instructive and a portion of the Journal is - ana culture, opening with the "Sunday School Union," uc vutcu to Kucieiies, lUDs giving its organization in wards and the luuuiii wi mc UUIU11, U1C HlbL WUIK 1U detail,and summing up what has been done as a wTiole in the way of printing, donations to Temples etc. and also the number of , 1 : -- true to life, and' an autobiography written in his own characteristic style which gives much important data. The Salt Lake Temple by. the editor is perhaps the most important subject treated' upon and is very ably; Written, and makes one feel a sort of ecstacy such as lifts the .soul into a higher element and causes one ,to contemplate the grandeur of a House built and dedicated to the Most High. The cut of this ' magnificent structure is very exact and enhances the Value of the work as illustrations invariably do. The article gives an accurate description of the building and is well worth double the price of the magazine, for reference or to send to friends away. uucicu up py the Saints raiecLoufrf of ing President Woodruff which is very pal officers etc. with Photo's of two of the leading spirits of the movement Geri. Supt. Geo. Q. Cannon and Ass't. Supt, George Goddard. Then follows "The Relief Society,"" .briefly written of, with pictures of Zina D. H. Young President, Jane S. Richards and ; -- ..wc -X V . COl U. tilt . Next the Young Men's M, I. A. is given in brief with President Joseph Smith and Dr. Milton H. Hardy's pictures. Young Ladie's M. I. A. written in a similar man- uer, gi vingrsome-TD- f the Onost interesting 4cts connected with the work, and the pictures of Elmina S. Taylor, President, Maria Young Dougall and Martha Home 1 7lri:--r gey Counselors. 2 Z The Primary is also given with the General President Louie Felt's Picture, Women and the Fair with picture of Emily Richards, EresrBoard-of-Lady-Maiiagerfor Utah, followed by Physical Reform giving some of the work done in i s -- 