WOMAN'S EX PONE NT. that direction by its organized society; Physical Culture a new phase of work by Maud May Babcock, Professor of Elocution abIe 011 101 soriet' matters, as well as musical playing talent and thought, and the music by Prof. J. J. Daynes, was of the most suitable style, adapted to 'the words' and the entire plot and cast. It was a juvenile Christmas opera , really, opening with - the characteristic News boy and flower girl who were very natural in their parts, then' the Santa Claus dance1; dancing was a pretty feature of the whole, and the choruses by the children were in keeping with the happy arrangement of the whole affair. The band of boot blacks caused a great deal of.merriment and was quite true to life and pleased the children in the audience amazingly. Scotch dance by little Eucile Tay-- ' lor was gracefully charming. The tableaux were beautifully arranged and the entertainment was in itself a complete success. The children who took part in it deserve praise and those who trained them certainly spared and dramatic. The prize story and poem deserve special mention as well as some other things. ;L The outside cover of the Christmas Her ald is very elaborate and quite a study; the and wood cuts are Brig-haYoung which occupies the contre first page followed by the Eagle Gate illustrating the story of the pioneers ably written by Andrew Jensen. Christopher' Columbus, Utah's Columbian Exposition Building, with an article on Utah's Lady. Manager, who they are, and .what they are doing, which should interest all those interested in Utah's representation at the World's Fair. There are many other ably - written-articl- es down"the concerning Utah its'" and the chimney childrens, presarranging and development what its progress ents while the little ones were in bed was has been and what the future prospects are, very well done and, the waking of the children cuts of leading hotels and business houses and discovering .their- gifts was very naturadorn the pages, and make it a capital num- - ally acted. Miss Woodmansee has shown ber for the business interests of the' country. herself gifted in putting such a complicated little The prize poem entitled Utah is very the operetta upon :the stage, as well as in composition. good and only signed Frayiccs which makes the curious anxious to know who the author U. W. I CEUB. ' and Physical Culture, Uuiversity of Utah, - with a picture of herself. All these deserve more than a bare mention, but that is im-- . possible at present. photo-engravin- gs m "Woman's Suffrage," ''Woman's Press Club," "Other Clus" and "A Closing of-th- e . Word" about clubs are given a place in this historical member of the Weekly Two pieces o music by Tro. ' E. Stephens, "The New Year" and "Christmas Carol'1 both words and music by the same author; "Night" by Josephine Spencer is very sweet and sort of entrancing. "A Christ mas Chime," E. H. Woodmansee, very 1 mo-pain- " re-sour- able set to music, and a fragment ' At Eve ning" E. B. Wells a long poem by HAV. 4 s. :Santa-Claiiscomiug- " ces Naisbitt, suggested by the. death of Elder David Hoaglaud Cannon, entitled "The Procession of the Immortals." This poem is very beautiful, and deserves great praise it is certainly one of the very best of the poetical productions of this voluminous ' writer, who has done so much in a literary is. The 'UtahW. P. Club met at the Ex- way for Utah. In this connection we Education and libraries have not been parlor, Dec. 30, 1892. Mrs. E. B. ought certainly to mention,' "The Ideal neglected in the representation of important ' ponknt, wens in tne chair, prayer was offered by City of the West" which is full of music matters and one can- but admire the enter Miss N. V. Davis; roll called, responded to as a prose poem, and is beautifully' illusprise manifested in the whole make iip of by original verses suggestive of the New Minutes . of the previous meeting Year, trative of Salt Lake and its many at this large and complete work. read and approved. Badge for Club distractions. TIIF, JOURNAL. cussed over again. Miss Davis suggested The Hill Cumorah with the picture is "The Utah Journal published in Eogan is a native stone,each member present vas ap- another very interesting theme well intro- - sued a Edward Stevensohr Then . important things in relation to the growth rpointeairaittce quiries about, it and report at the next meet : there. are stories by Josephine Spencer." M. and enterprise of the country and niust be ing.. Miss Davis then read two short A. Y. Greenhalgh, and the schools, colleges of 'great value to the people as it contains poems and T)aisy Fox played a selection on the piano. An "original article entitled -and universities orthe Territory tliisT de-- I so many facts that are not generally known "Time" was next read by Mrs. Phebe C. partment is under the heading of "In to the community at large. 'These h oliday Young, Mrs. E. B. Wells addressed the Education's Sphere" and opens with our papers have brought before the people in an club for a short time expressing her love Church Schools eloquently written by Dr. entertaining way, that, will cause people to for the members, speaking of the improvement that had been nmdf nnrl thr Karl G. Maeser, whose picture also adorns reflect more than if written merely to be gained by such associations. the page, next is the B. Y. Academy at of business. Altogether the Christmas advantages .fcne. also spoke very feelingly of her atProvo with Prof. BeiijClurr jr.; and .Prof.: articles and papers are something to be tachment to the old home which was about to C. be removed, or taken away; Mrs. Fox J. Keeler's likenesses, of that "institution, greatly proud of and should be carefully said she took the opportuuity to then comes B. Y. College at Eogan and a preserved. express her for thanks her invitation to join tlnV Photo, of Prof. J. H. Paul; next the E. D. club, she always looked forward to this S. College,. Salt Eake City with likenesses EDITORIAL NOTES. meeting with a greaMeal of pleasure, said of Prof. Willard Done and Prof, Joseph if anything should happen that she could In' this issue of the paper We were ob- - not attend she would feel as Nielson, followed by the University of though someto leave over several articles, some of liged of U tah formerly thing importance had dropped out of her University of Deseret with them alread v in tvpe ' Forefather' s Fes-- life. that very handsome building as an illus- - tival" and the storv ' 'In Rural England." Mrs:. Mary A. Freeze expressed herself for were also other articles which, prepared tration,and this series of articles closes with as being highly pleased with her association the Agricultural College of Utah and a this number, we beg the indulgence of our with the club; said she had a feeling of love patrons and readers for the lateness of the for the members and would like to do picture of the handsome structure as it will first paper of the vear.' but it would be im- - something to stir up those members who ' be when completed. Altogether this numoossible to exolain all the reasons of the were not very regular in their- - attendance. ber contains much historical matter worthy delay, though they arer good and sufficient. Mrs. Phebe C.:Young was in sympathy and ETMlBehig preserved ahdshduld certainly be was eiven in the feelings with the other ladies oresent honpfl Ooeratta A Ttj vENiLE x in every home in the Territory, and sent 20th Ward Hall in the interest of the that our meetings would not be interrupted abroad wherever possible to enlighten people Sundav School bvo the children of the Pribyrthe momgfhe-ExTONETTTna- a" mnrv As;nrintinti. under the management- o grateful to on Utah mattersand ..the. . pioneer, work Woocf-manshouse and so ofProfiJ.jDaynes, lliss, Gladys making it pleasant for us, and" educational, and in other directions that has1 in that the associated the club would continue to proothers and work, hoped been - done here. on the 'eveningO of Fridav Dec. 2ml 1802. gress and prosper. Miss N. V. Davis said ' and' the fact that she was almost always here the affair was verv unioue Altogether THE CHRISTMAS HERALD. J. Q the children were appropriately dressed, sheunioyedtheeetiiigs; The Christm Tii she might have better improved" thought 'ffiotfxcTtfalhlhg vr got up and. beautifully illustrated- - their parts. The Libretto was written by the time and benefitted the, club more It contained many excellent articles on Miss filadvs Woodmansee and was musical giving it tlie osshe. had read,, audUhings- - that1 come' ' various- - subjects of interestrand consider-- - in composition and "dramatic: in' effect dis--- - . --4- i .' I - lioliday-numberjalsoixi- n : - " as-item- s . 1 " JL - . - J Mrs;-Wells- "for ee . r . nd-ncetiifte: Lthat ef-fectuall- beuefit-of-the-ne- w 