r.,.: WOMANSEX pone 7, JfrJ,-- , , z,on, aud lheRighis of 'ihc H7omcn : Jl CONTENTS : Passing Thoughts Camelia. W. S. A. Spring-vin- e Women E. II. Lyon. Ellen Jakeman. -Solving a Problem Zion's. ConverUNotesand War of the Revolution. News. R. S. Reports. : . PASSING TH0UGHTS7 il of all Nations. SAW LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST i, 1893. Vol. 22. - JK "1 No. 2, r ; The Lake. During the past njohtlt of thaf we are leasure-sekiug-and-patriotisin-iiot perfectly free from every, unpleasant or Iowr association, and a high toned and superior airpexvades it at all times ;Josuchum that one has a perfect feeling of security even 'when, alone among crowds of . unknown persons. I believe my expressions are but an echo of what hundreds of others feel concerning our new and fine resort,' for on every hand only words of praise ior the projectors, and admiration for the picturesque pavilion which if- equaled in any land is certainly not surpassed. Mother Goose Again. I suppose it was while crooning some lullaby to my little baby that the question arose in my mind about Mother Goose and I ventured to ask the Exponent, readers who she was. My question has been answered both from the North and the South, and I laugh at my own ignorance. I, a woman of New England pedigree, who always have loved those nursery rhymes not to know that the author was from dear old Boston. The last Ex-e- x-tent, not patriotic in otb?r months but Miscellaneous. July always calls forth a little extra amoftnt Woman's Silver of that quality the world seems so sleepy Editorial: Editorial Notes. and weary and discontented after the ExMeeting ' citement of the noisy holidays are .over that Poetry; Beauties cf Nature E. B. W. Lines every one who can seeks a change and rest. Written on a Fly Leaf of a Doctrine Covenants This is the time when the leisure class seek E.J. The Eyes That Cannot weep Ella Higgin-soHope. An Old, the copier air of the mountain glades or sea Joseph Temple-Benne- tt side villages, spending the Old Rhyme. To Little Templeton Bennett Mrs. greater part of time their in ."' hammocks and readswinging S. Stock novels ing only indulging in such pastimes as require little or no exertion. No doubt BEAUTIES OF NATURE. the rest thus taken refreshes and revigorates to such an extent that the cares of the Down in the meadows, where the cowslips spring, And the sweet clover breath is in the air, busy season are much more easily borne. There where the thrush and blue bird sweetly sing. Would it were within the means and oower Dame Nature in her robes so wondrous fair, pi every one to indulge ma quiet restful Holds her communion with the regal night, change during the hot months, but unforAnd blushes in the dawn of early light. tunately it is not yet, here in Utah we need not murmur on that account for at our very What picture hath the artist ever drawn doors lie the pleasure aud the enjoyment That could compare in loveliness and grace others go miles to seek. Within a half ponent had a very interesting account of With nature in her rudest, wildest form, 'hour's ride is our beautiful lake the pride Mother Goose from a Pro vo friend and now No matter in what climate, time, or place, of our territory. A favorite spot for artists, comes another description, from Idaho. is So skillfully ev'ry figure wrought, the laughing waves beat a steady The two are so similar that we need not where is it with So delicate Teeling fraught. solemn dirge against the shores of its publish the latter. Both tell that 110 monuIn grove, and field, and vale, in forest glade, mountainous islands, and the dark swaying ment or stone marks the resting place of 0 n s no wy heights, whe re man ma y scarcel y tread , waters cause the gleams 1:0111 the setting the dearld -- sotiltlioughr it isau. the old south cemetery in Boston near the grave of On flow'r, or shrub, and ev'ry grassy blade .surLtoglow in crimson and green and gold Paul Revere. If times were not so hard ,'ThaTIiitsTrom earth its tiny, modest head, Tin the sky above and tirrnwtsSriorious ' In coral reef, or sea beach shining sand, colors on the purple hills bevond. A that every effort must be exerted for the We see the seal of -blessed spot-Tseekerr where ar children for a monument to "Mother I cannot tell how greatly I delight batii in the warm salt waters gives to the Goose" would be a idea, but In all the beauties of the earth and heaven; body new life and invigorates one beyond Boston who claimsquite popular her both in life and in How ardently I reverence the light description, while to the young who seek death would surely claim the privilege of Which our good Father has so wisely given; only an hour's pleasure, there with the bath The sun and moon, and all the stars that shine , ana tne aeiignts 01 tne magnincent pavilion erecting it, though she might not scorn With the effulgence of a power divine. there is nothing to' be desired. Without assistance from other parts. A Quiet City: It was a holiday and I These speak to us in language most sublime, wishing to give the' impression that I am like I should to simply knew all the streets would be deserted and And most exalting to the human soul; advertising a place rave over our new resort Saltair, but as the the houses closed and people wrould leave And all the changes of the hand of time, Which in their order and their seasons roll, Exponent is not given much to raving, 1 the heated city to seek a change and rest suppose I must subdue' myself and simply the quiet of thecity was almost oppressive Bespeak the presence of a God of love, declare for my own part that the few no sounds from the engines of the factories, And grandly all the forces seem to move. journeys out there have caused me to have no hammering on the blacksmith's anvil, ho Harmonious in its sphere each sweeps along such an affection for the place that I would' fire in the furnace, no tradesman's noisy call, In measured time and method, year by year, be a very frequent visitor, and I am so everything was quiet as the sabbath- - and Arid nature's voices in triumphant song, proud to think that Salt Lake can claim a the thought seized me to wander away from Ring out their echoes sweet, distinct and clear, home myself; ray feet did not carry me resort of such magnificence and beauty. That linger mong the "everlasting hills,' Of course the scenery fronr any point however among the gathering crowd of Or fiance to rhythm in the sparkling rills. near the lake is beautiful; the air is refresh- pleasure seekers but far away on the hillthe sleeping city of throbless hearts Music in which the heavens might rejoice, ing and the bathing delightful, yet each one side tofolded hands. One often calls' on So gifted and so rapturous the lay, must choose for himself how, ; when and and For nature with a universal voice' where - he can best eujoy the su mmer friends and in a few moments of conversa tion and association many things are learned Ucites to celebrate each n ewbornKlay ----months for my: own pait,:an4 .lavish all And thus from morn to to jnorn felt the same, I would, say- to .my. butwhen one quietly andalonei3dsitS-..thjtah evajioeve All beuty"and all friends, Stay at home and spend your graves of those we loved, there is a sweet grace the arth adorn. communion of souls. In memory only do So we admire; adore, and spare time and spare means among your pass along, Yet linger most where sweetest flow'rs are strewn. own people' and enjoy the health giving they live, but at these sacred spots their territory la, prefer-- 1 resting places, they nearer seem. And while' we pleasures of your ownabroad. mingle in the Msy throng Oh, how many are tjhere now where only a ence to seeking mem We often feel "twere good to be alone" dearly loved As for Saltair; too much cannot be said. few short years agone not one To meditate in Nature's, haunts apart, : imagine of a one lay. In silence and It far surpasses all one can not humility of heart I mark to day so many places as T pasl I would attempt to seaside pavilion. 0, how we arn to understand still more through winding pathsand am almost start-le- d jescribe it, to do so without illustrations The ri3fnrrhahrrnr!rfaPdl at times as I unexpectedly behold "the" would be absurd. It is enough to say that The knowledge of her sciences-hiddlore, to accommodate any white stone on my way the name of some old enough is it large V;hich iriendI-havObituaries. " " . one-bea- rs n. - . . , - or the-healtr- r 4 . ' j- ; e . , mvsiht en unnQne..pls e Kor will it be till we have proved how 9.ur ! nisf;JasJ3enin-.whaLwe,camei- Q. . tnie; do. E. B. W. miivpnifiTices both for comfort ,1: -and- complete, it is and pleasure are ample -- ! . stoodby the 'rave old father and in my mind his mighty - form and benign countenance . -- -- 