WOMAN'S EXPONENT. and ambitious woman has gradualup in her daily life; hoped we would set the doors ;dir, and is industriously climbing the ly stepped in, apart certain evenings for special subjects; ladder of fame. she very much enjoyed her connection with The first My who had the courage to take the association and said that when she would advantage of this privilege should have the last Jwho came go away fromUtah,she feljslie would know ing gratitude of all the alady students and after. She was really paved the pioneer something of the people. Mrs. Wells said way most "'Mrs. C. Lousie Hoyden sent her regards to r'She was admirably. an efficient classical scholar, and truly the club one and all, had- - written a remarkable woman, so delicate and circumspect, a-v- ery ""affectionate letter. Mrs. Wells proposed oarnoct crifioA on-- HlonlfWI anfl U'ith also WOman- eacn meniDer present try ana bring a new ly; that any professors who had entertained any as to the propriety of the new departure, member next time: also that the Treasurer doubts were at once converted, ior tney iounu inai mic as (as the Cor. Secretary was notable at present,) well as those-thfollowed, lost none-o- f this would send out - postals notifying absent womanliness that they had just as much ability members of our next meeting; thought as tne opposite sex, ana more conscientiousness and with verv rare exceptions made a perfect sue members at a distance might favor, us with cess of their " work. an article sometimes. Refreshments were Hhnrtlv ;ftr f lile IiMIpc entrance .in mllefe a "then served during which time the President circumstance occured that created somewhat ol a and which was commented uoon bv presented each one present with a pretty sensation r numhpr nf Chwavn nnners. A certain lesson in JNew Years card containing a beautiful Poem Greek was an impromptu translation of passages and a lew words written by herself. The as a simple exercise. r .'.".jor next Prof 'designated a certain oassatre for her programme meeting, jan 31st was to The translate. She arose to her feet and translated read as follows Mrs. C. C. R. Wells article ori the close of the year 1802. Mrs. the words in a clear distinct voice and without ! have attended this University during the last been have an army of earn-es- t twenty years. They and workers energetic thorough conscientious and gentleness and refinement have wielded a powenni iniiuenec over me rougher I feel heartily to thank them and element. Yes a :ii t 1. you 1 you, anu irusi yuu win cvci icmemuer mat r sex. You are are here as representatives, will a be that a record lasting monument making to your credit, and all colleges will yet be proud tnw urelrnme vou in all their various dennrtmnio Wil(0 Yes they will ere long open wide their doors to womankind throughout the world." by-the- ir 1 1 4. of-you- K. bmpp. iS at , FERDINAND. ; , . a CbaraTterrT ; JJickinsonjiescntive-ixeirt- short stories in current magazines, Tosephine Poem bv Mrs. Lillie Freeze. Spencer. Discussion on 1 tod ere and Motto. .I3ene- diction by R. M. Fox. R.M; Fox. Sec. Pro tern. WOMAN'S 'PROGRESS. features of the great school of Michi- prominent . ! . T 1 gan; very uaiurany nau a cunosuy 10 see wnat was the exact status of woman, and consequently closely scrutinized the situation fit mav he a jealous eye) but, however I watched, to see if iiiv sulci wuiiidii wi.- in iiiiv m;iiinrr s ?nipn. or 11 1 1 u-it- h - - portunities accorded the opposite sex. Not that I expected any very great differences, but to the critical, I half imagined there could be found some finer shades of preferences growing out of the tact mat man was man, ana woman only woman nut to tne credit 01 this great institution of culture and refinement, be it said that woman is. auou aim ropeci, anu 111 an11.me numerous avenues 01 learning, stands on an equal footing with her brother man. In the literary department particularly it is ,l .1 1 pleasing to npteer uuiUMCiaiuwv.ino.iv.') hitellectual-standin- ric t -- in g; rtUVUI. IWU UUIUS laUieS mostly young, from eighteen to twenty five and their intelligent discussions of the most abstruse, literary subjects well! at least show they are not in the back cround. . In the medical department about one third of the classes are ladies and here I have the best opportunity of notingany-discriminationas to sex, should there be any, but to. my surprise and pleasure never once has there been a distinction manifested, the professors both in the lecture halls and in Hospital clinics give them the same uns studied consideration. In the Law School which perhaps is not considered so mnch of a womanly avocation there is but one lady student in the senior class, but report her legal says she walks paralell lines with r brethren. are also several ladies in the There Pharmaceutical and dental departments which I hae not yet had the pleasure of visiting but think there is no reason to expect here, an exception to the general rule. In this connection we will quote from a lecture recently given to the Woman's League by las, B. Angell President .of the, University--o- f Michigan. In his introduction he dwelt upon the remarkable Opposition that had been manifested toward woman in the matters" of education for generations past. The great Universities of the world have effectively barred their doors against-thetintil within recent years they are slightly opened "a small crackM"as it were.giving them opportunities in a limited number of branches. "But be of good cheer these same l doors, will universally be uirowH wiuc vyen w yoinujnatVir. 'MWft, A few years since the board of rr tw University of Michigan sought to compromise this question by passing a resolution that: "There should be no bar to anyone, who was mentally and morally- - competent, entering this school " Of . m rep-ent- courseVome i CL L 1 1 1 , si recent marriage of Usaiiyltha-beHewrTolvedThe former partnership. A gentleman re- lerring to- - tne remarkable unity ot these two ladies remarked: "Show me two men that could do such a thine!." in medicine . have Numbers of ladv eraduates ' . f t r c r as uere yxmx. irurn missionaries 10 loreign lands, iivcui vvuuiu cue uyw in viiina. miss Jiowaru, aow Mrs. Kinc at 4Dresent in Sinp-q Sinp-Of lint j the nobility. The natives heencalled to attend regard tne results 01 ner labors among the afllicted. as panaK-maniiustoi uie miraculous, her influence a hospital has been erected inrougn thereby extending benefits to many of the poorer classes.- Miss Laura White after eraduatinf from the . school of Pharmacy went to Louisville Ky. and contested the right of woman to conduct Drug Stores, she won her case and is no w demonstrating her ability in that profession very efficiently. - After the question was settled as to woman's intellectual ability to compete with man in the halls of learning another arose. Much solicitude was manifested as to her physical ability. Could a woman take a college course and keep her health? Many doubts and queries arose even the president himself But has proven that a systematic courseexperiance of study with regularity; and hygienic. Living, is indeed beneficial physically, and the effects-werfar less deleterious than society frolics, that consume so much of the average young ladies attention. The fatherly president then advised those just entering to use discretion and not too much the first year. Take sufficient attempt exercise iri the open air, eat regularly and sleep the amount of time nature demands, and do not too much time to social life. .. It is impossible give to work a t day and dance all night and maintain your physical vitality. The absence of gallantry cannot be on the parr of the youne men of pmplaiaedof '92. In the early.days ladies were not burdened with undue attentions from their men acquaintances It took some time gentleto wear awavbut the has taken a swing, and m this respect pendulum too far in the gone ' . opposite, direction. Prest:Ansrell closed hi w,.r k,. i . i nt . tcT respect the laws and usages of Castile, to fix his residence in that kingdom, and not to quit it without the consent of Isabella; to djenate nqproperty.belonging to-th- e crown;-t- o prefer no foreigners to municipal offices and indeed to make no appointments of a dVil or military nature, without her consent . - and approbation: and W resign to her ciusiveiy trie right of nomination ex- -' to A ecclesiastical bpnefitti nature we're to be subscribed equally public i i .1 uy DQin. rerainana more over, to prosecute the War engaged, against the Moors; to respect King Henry; to suffer every noble toremain unmolested in the possession of his dignities, and not to demand restitution of the domains formerly owned by his father in . Castile. The treaty concluded with a specification of a magnificent dower to be settled on Isabella, far more ample than that usually assigned to the queens of Aragon. While these affairs were in progress, Isabella's situation was becoming critical and to reach her side Ferdinand had- to travel in disguise over this a short but dangerous stretch of hostile country,: his father be- ing at this timeenerasredin war. The mrtv xxixiy iu. iuc inirnt x' erainanu assumed the disguise of a servant and when iney naiteaon the road, took care of the mules and Served h rnmnnnintic ol' toMp Iii this guise with no other disaster save that . " 11 , . felt-fearful- -- : e I feel under obligations to the noble women who ' 1 heir-annnre- ' for-prei-u- dice -- - -- - . - 01 society. Manv of the ladv orofessors of Welleslv and Vassar Colleges "" o are from' this school. Miss Free man has been made president of the latter within ... me a u r iuc iabi ycat.-eany grauuaies irom the Medical department were Miss Hall and Mrs. Moser. now active practitioners in Brooklyn. 1 here IS a vprv n pasinff feature rnnnprlpH uifh the practice of these two ladies, for over, fifteen years they have practiced together, having one office and one horse and bufp'v and ronne.raiiny in attending patients &c. and always with the mosi pieasing ana satistactory results. Ihe V of Castile, 3rd of Naples and 2nd of Aragon and Sicily, (surnamed "The Catholic,") younger son of Tohn II " of Navarre and Aragon by his second wife. was born in Aragon March ioth, 1452. On the death of his elder brother Carlos. ' he was recognized by the Aragonese as heir- apparent to the crown, but the Catalans reitdered indiFirant by tfie cruelty-and perfidy with which Carlos had been treated i. r...ii reiubeu to recugnize any iunner ciaim on their allegiance and rose in.rebellion against his King John. Ferdinand accompanied a father in the campaigns which followed and gave early promise of distinction.- In 1466 his father formally associated him with himself in the government of Aragon and in 1458 declared him King: of Sicily. In his r8th year he became the favored suitor for the hand of Isabelln to flip crowns of Castile, and. Leon, who at this time was kept under strict and oppressive treatment by her brother Henry who much desired her marriage with another Isabella nowever nnding opportunity to send a lavorable answer to the Aragonese envoy for his master. So the marriage articles were signed and sworn to by Ferdinand bn. r' being accustomed to having translations made so nrnmnllv nnul hpr a vprv hir-l- . rnmnlirii pnt nnrl at once begged her pardon for the character of (I4V ItAl Oil Villi: LlluL llllU 1JUL LtLU lULIU it and did not know what was coming." It may be that he did not, but appearances were against mm, ana me circumstance maae ior mm con siderable notoriptv. j. This lady graduated with honors: indeed." the lecturer said: at the verv head ot her clasp." and is now a very influential and active member r 11 Ferdinand - -- tained the funds for the expedition, they ar-rived late on the second night at a little place occupied by the Count of Trevinoand knocking at the gate, cold and faint with traveling, during which the prince had al- - , 