WOMAN'S SANDWICH ISLANDS .RELIEF EXPONENT. 1G7 Jennie Harding, Nellie SOCIETY. Grace, Maggie England, Scotland and Ireland, it would be Davis, May Duffin, Annie Thurber' Katie supposed the united kingdoms would' Hotteudoof and Lizzie Brown.' powerful; both nations were intelli Of the native sisters, Kekuewa Nakauau courageous and in incntal cultivation and Kahuhu; aids, Kalua Palaoa and gent, tne bcotch equaled any other country m Niaulani. Rec. Sec'y Kekuewa Nakuaau their religious fervor, they were Protestant with Luka Kauhine as her assistant. Cor. while Ireland still remained drue to the old Sec'y. Nellie Grace; treasurer, Matthew religion. Ireland was treated as a province 'Noall. Sister Noall spoke at some length. won by the sword and Scotland did not -giving the sisters timely words of counsel escape, in many ways being treated as a ana instruction pertaining to their duties, we find the condition quite also read a letter from the first presidency the reverse it seemed to be no more importance of the Relief Societies, touching upon the than the little 'kingdom of Scotland had duties of the different officers of the society, done. Macaulay think at this critical time this letter was explained in full to the unit really was fortunate that James was not derstanding of all presents President Noall a great leader, for it was a time when followed, addressing: the Saints in his England should be absolute or parliament usual lively and spirited manner, encouragcontrol the executive administrations; being ing them in their labors, after which he jweak minded and good natured, He. spoke upon the necessity of organizing a further says it was at this time those iiiuiaiy xvtbociauon ana tne oenent that strange theories which Tilmer afterwards would, result from such an organization; iormea into a system ana which became the this subject ha been oreviouslv ajriLitpd badge of the most violent class of Tories o . ana aiscussea by the sisters and all were of and high churchmen first emerged into one heart and one mind in desiriner to take notice. It was eravelv maintained that upon themselves this new labor in behalf the Supreme Being regarded hereditary of the native children of the Laie branch. monarchy as opposed to other forms of The following names were submitted to the nun jjccuiiui lavuia, luiii me Conference and sustained as officers of the rule of succession in order of primogeniture Association: Libbie Noall Prest., Maggie was a divine institution anterior to the Davis and Lizzie Brown, Ioane I., Sec'y, Christians and even to the Mosaic dispenElena Ass't Sec, Musical Director, Nellie sation, that no hnmau power, not even that of- the whole, legislature, no Grace, Treas. Katie Hottendorf. length of A social reunion and dance at the school adverse possession, though it extended to house in the evening) proved a .happy ten centuries, no power could deprive a sequel to the day's proceedings and was legitimate prince of his rights, that the authority of such a prince was necessarily thoroughly enjoyed by all. A special officer's meeting was called by despotic, that the laws by which in England our President, for the benefit of the visiting and in other countries the prerogative was sisters, wherin they might counsel with the limited were to be regarded raerelv as con- -- whicli-the sisters .uponuy jmissionaryi. sovereign :had;freely-made, xionsj ' and might at his pleasure resume, the welfare"" of their societies, which and that any treaty which a king might would not be advisable to discuss in a pub be-ver- Report of the Relief Society Conference of the Hawaiian Islands held at Laii Oahu, , April oin, 'oyj'j Aa usual on such occasions, the native sisters assembled at "Lanahuli," arrayed in white and each wearing a society badge, ' bearing the Inscription Ka Heii Manawale. ' ' Through the energetic efforts of our good 1 Marshal of the- day, Tono, ' ' the procession " was soon formed into7 line, and at ten, o'clock promptly was marching to the enlivening strains of music discoursed by our Laii Martial Band. Upon, arriving at the meeting house, all were comfortably seated in their proper places by three of our young native sisters who acted as ushers. and who deserve great credit for the success, with which they carried out their part, of the programme, viz., dispensing water to the thirsty, arousing those who were inclined to sleep, keeping order among the little ' . 4 4 - -- folks, etc. The. house was profusely and beautifully decorated with ferns and flowers; at the nf rAr w a tViPW iia,a. ct n n rl Tumor UU 1it-r- r 1111 I t,iVtnroc J I L111V .1 rf til . sub-jectprovince.- -- . . -- o i t-i ri J n i me nrsi i residency, unguiiui xuuug uuuui draped with festoons of red and white cloth and ferns. At each side of the stand, over the entrance ways were to be seen pictures of the Salt Lake Temple, one representing the Temple in its early course of erection, the other showing the beautiful edifice since its completion. The walls of the Tabernacle, on either side, were ornamented with banners of various kinds inscribed with some of the noble sentiments uttered by the Prophet Joseph Smith. Our President, Sister Libbie Noall, called the Con ference to oraer ana alter tne usual opening exercises, reports were read by the Sec'y, lic meeting. Sister Kekue wa Nakuaati, showing a memM r i with-ii- s. declaration of his mii'V Thev .'.'aloha their intentions left and and present bership of 692; number of meetings held of which the preformanee L took ours w,ith them, jo ,be.wdislribute4:-.-1La....contmc- t during the half year 429. Balance m treasury at date of last report, 367. 75 among: the Saints ot their respective dis-- couia De aemanaea. . 17444 Money donated during this term . James was very secure under this act. tricts; and thus they parted from us, feeling DISBURSEMENTS. 4 amply repaid for coming to conference, and He boasted of his kingcraft and irritated Donation to the poor : . filled with the good things they had heard, his parliament by telling them they held a ( . . . . Temple so the good work is rolling on in this part their privileges only during his pleasure " Missionary fund . of the world and the missionaries take ana haa no more rnrht to Question him Tithing 10.70 ' Miscellaneous donations 63.60 pleasure and satisfaction in proclaiming glad what he should lawfully do than to question ' Balance in treasurv Deitv in the same moment. He mnintninprl 304.49 01 joy ana saivaiion 10 mis Drancn ucungs The remainder of the two sessions of our of the house of Israel, and they feel proud me me policy as regaids religious belief, Lonterence was devoted to the 'Eleles, or of the honor bestowed upon them in beiner the authority of the Church of England: per representatives of the different branches counted wrorthy to assist in pruning the secuted the Roman Catholics,which severties from the several Islands, numbering about caused the gun powder plot, and from the of the Lord for the last time. vineyard thirty-onwho gave in their reports as to quickness with which he grasped and acted Mrs. NiauK Grace, the condition of. their various societies, Cor. Sec. Relief Society of the Hawaiian on this occasion it is supposed he had which reports proved to be the most. comknowledge of it previous to the official Islands. Laie, April 20th, 1893. plete and satisfactory that have been prenotice. The project was 011 the fifth of sented before the Conference for several November, 1605, to overthrow the governyears; every society upon the Islands, with KING JAMES OF ENGLAND. ment by placing explosives under the house but two or three exceptions, were repreot parliament when it was m session, after-sented, and all reported as being in a fairly Jambs trie first of England and sixth of ward warning all who were Roman Catholics prosperous condition, this speaks well for Scotland was the only son of Mary Queen not to be present, to ignite it and blow tjiem the integrity, faithfulness and liberality of of Scottsand Henry Lord Darnley, was into eternity, it'was therarning of these the sisters, when we takeinto considerborn in Edinburgh, June 19 ? 1 566;- at the Catholics whichga ve the clue to the h ation that the majority of the Saints are of Oueen Elizabeth he succeeded to iect in time to J 1 ... W - mjl T r t. - 1 L - u vts-jiAAuiw- ia. , - ecte-perinjng-- -- to . 53-5- " - 0 93-4- 5 17-0- 5 , J ' e, -- - pro-deat- Drevent-it-ftiiv-TfnwirAc- . ciypoor, having .but limited means where- with to meet the demands made upon them. The reports of the "Eleles" were interspersed with words of rinstruction from the white "sisters, also songs, solos, duets, etc., which added life and spirit to our meetings. The presiding authorities "of the Relief Societies in all the world were unanimously sustained by the Conference, after which ; the following local officers were- - sustained rrest. of the Relief Societies of the wriTsles, Libbie :oaU Counsi he-mron- y e, I of Engkndcotlandhad4 -- X -- a separate Kingaom since tne time 01 KODert Bruce but now became united with England in a gratifying manner, having given in- A few weeks stead of receiving the death of Queen Elizabeth, a conquest commenced four hundred years before, by Strdngbow; was completed by Mountjoy, and scarcely had James the first mounted the English throne than the last be--fo- re rOHDOTieirenll t)N of independent' princes of Ireland, kissed his hand at White Hall, thus:, uniting nator, nas oeen a name detested by all .l England, James married 1111589 Princess Anne daughter of Frederic the II. of Denmark. During a visit to Scotland in 16 19 his eldest son Henry, Prince of Walesdied. He was desirous of effecting a marriage between his son Charles, now Prince of Wales, and a pan-s- h o&tion J5dE?yi ud i t j$q& jvuhile lor this marriaire that insults w ' mrut V. James' claims to supremacy in religious but 