WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 00 of October 1807, Mr. Mon-ro- e as minister stopped further attempts at On the 22nd," service by a British man of war, when still As a fitting termination to its labors the insult to the Chesapeake, the recalling Congress by resolution requested the. Presisettling difficulties, for as he stated protires of patriotism seemed touched memdent to recommend to the people a by ceeding to negotiate anew upon the basis of ory s hand and kindled td daybf that consuming fasting and prayer in view of the condition a treaty already concluded and signed is blaze which naught could quench but of affairs. wholly inadmissible. Monroe left England blood, and that emitted through the iaws Mr. Piucking. in of cruel war. Accordingly on July 9th; the President after, leaving ; shortly . ' issued his proclamation recommending the charge. Commodore Rogers was in command of third Thursday in August to be set the President, 44 guns, and on May 16, i8ri as apart "a day of public humiliation and prayer, British Naval officers lost no opportunities made sail for the scene of the recent insult. to be observed by the people of the United in insulting uie American nag. ine gross Seeing a man of war it was hailed and in in States offering up supplications to Almighthe stars and stripes on the return fired insult.-'t- o the President. The result upon ty God, for the safety and welfare of the Chesapeake forcibly illustrates this. On was the stranger, His Brittanic Majesty's states, ids blessing on their arms, and the the 23rd of June, 1807, the Chesapeake ship,. kittle Bert," was severely r crippled speedy restoration of peace." about to proceed to the Mediterranean was losing 31 killed and wounded. assaulted by the British cruiser jeopard, To be Continued, This" encounter caused the wildest excitewhen about six or eight ment since 1803. carrying 50 guns, land the off from miles Capes of Virginia Up to this date it was estimated that for such unwarranted FIGHTING THE GIPSY UQTH. wholly unprepared had captured nine hundred England attack and with the firing of a single gun American Vessels; and had impressed in- Tim Massachusetts Agricultural Society surrendered, the British Captain mustering ro me lintisu bervice6ooo who manners the Chesapeake's crew. claimed to be citizens of the United States employ one hundred men in fighting the The President issued a proclamation on and amidst all these proofs of ambition and gipsy moth. Each man has "charge of a the 2nd of July, forbidding all British ves- - avarice she district about a mile square. Whenever that victims the of demanded, moth sels to enter American waters. clusters V and nests are 'found, they are her usurpations and her violence should collected Excitement was intense, the country's receive the by wagonload and burned. her as the sole defender of the Paris insulted and Mr. as in observed: Jefferson flag green large quantities has been used rights and liberties of mankind. n "Never since the battle of Xexington was frequently-ispraying the infected trees About this timet 1 811, Indian outrages and The the country in such a state. work of extermination has grass. on the frontier culminated in the famous in consequence 01 tne cntical condition battle of Tippecanoe. The troops and been going on for the last five years; and until this year the results were far from enof foreign affairs, Congress was called on General Harrison successfully subduing ' October 2 sth. ... . couraging. The pests had spread over two the redskins. hundred squafe miles in the northeastern The existing conditions caused the is' Matters fast were a In climax, reaching suance of a confidential message to Conpart of the state, causing desolation equal 1812 the President laid before Congress to that by fire cr flood, arid $275,000 had gress showing the great and increasing certain from be to one papers purporting been appropriated by the state legislature dangers to the Commercial Interests of the the Heiiry, implicating for .their destruction. The moths are said English United States. in an unsuccessful attempt to cause to have been introduced in this ment In accordance with the President's wishes, way: M. the opponents of the administration to take Trouvellot came to this within four days the famous "Embargo country from arms. .... ... France up about Act" was passed. This" brought a. torrent twenty yeajS ago, and settlings knowlBritish denied at The studied Medford, the cultivation of the any having of abuse upon the administration by the edge of, the affair. It, however, caused a silkwormOne day he placed lialf a Hozeir opposition: aMthe The right and justice of such an. act is not "greater hatred than ever of the : British . eggs on the window ledge of his home. England now .'.announced 'tqnE:zhpr Durimr a brief absence the ' warmest debates ever had in Congress were minister, Mr. Foster that she would not off and scattered through the vard. so that ' had in 1 80S when attempts were made to recede from the ground she had assumed. their recovery was impossible. From these eggs were produced the army of moths that have the bill repealed, which were finally An embargo was laid of United States Veshave done much to- - depopulate a large part --r: sels from ninety days. successful. Professor JUntner has Then President "Madison of whom it is of Massachusetts. At this time, Spencer in his history says: "The country 'was kept in a constant fer- 'said, "could not be kicked into a fight," suggested the discovery and introduction of a parasite that would feed upon and so ment by the preparations for the change in sent his war message to Congress which was referred in the house to the committee. destroy the moths. the rfr;nn of thf Prpcir?pnrr nnrl Viv thr " t. y j j measures which 'were as surelv the forerun- - on foreign affairs, Mr. Lalhotln chairman.-Theners of war as negotiations, amicable inter reported favorably and a bill declarto 49. The quesWITH A PORTRAIT. vention, and arbitrations, are presages pi ing war was passed 74 and two weeks tion hung fire nearly finally the conclusion of hostilities." T the Vermont being only Accept this shadow of your absent friend, In the fall of 1808 James Madison was passed (19 to 13) As a peace offering, and a Christmas token New England State in favor of the war. elected to the Presidency and George Clinon June 19th, 1812, the Presi-- , The lips are dumb would they might speak for ton to the Vice Accordingly Adams John Q. Presidency, nie! .... dent issued the formal Proclamation of war. tersely said in review of the troubles exist' Party opposed For words are jewels that are fitly spok en. ing between the United States and Great The entireandFederal in the Congress preminority If, in the years to come, when pleasures wain 'Britain, they were frantic; in fits of mutual conenect to tnat ior tneir You think of me with but one fond regret invasion and conquest. Thus we enter pared an address stitution. the administration of James Madison. , j That thus we part, 'twill pay the debt of pain That fills my heart that we have ever met. The somewhat strained relations were John Quincy Adams on the day: of '.' E. J. r:: 'for a time eased, in negotiation with Mr. adjournment of Congress, writing to a Erskin. minister of EnHnnd. It resulted friend said: "It is with surprise that I hear not m the withdrawal by the newspapers, by both nations of those 'it pronounced, in only T11.ERE is a very large and very knowing authority, ecclesiastical annoying and obnoxious features. Accord-mgl- y but by persons and civil, and political and military, that it class of misanthropes who rejoice in the a proclamation to that effect was issued by the . President. It is needless to is an unjust and unnecessary war, that the name- of grumblers, persons who are so sure that the world is going to ruin that say the proclamation was hailed with joy. declaration of it was altogether unexpected, that a rational or they resent every attempt to comfort them But the cloud was it is gathering and its etc How moral possible creature can say the war as an insult to their sagacity, and accord- - , or a shadows were growing deeper, though a social is unjust is to me utterly lncompreneiiMuie. ingly seek their chief consolation in being ray of sunshine would now and then apis unnecessary is inconsolable, and their chief pleasure in pear, only to be followed by a darkness How it can be said it I have mougni u uom being displeased.- - Ef P. Whipple. verv.mvsterious. more dense. . ". v;';. . AtT for five or six years. It was the lull hfnrp thp storm. It is iustj ana necc&sai Mr. Swinburne has written a long oe saiu w can needless to describe the How it revulsion growth of His: early 4ife have exacted it for. poem on Grace Darling : I wonder. i feeling to another We the British Government. was in the locality which was the than five and twenty years, and have scene-passed need only r say that when early in May, more heroism pikI- : . " - . . . -- ' ? " ,- :'',; , war-measure- s - r:: . 1 -- h n, word was brought that an Amencan iftdteasoirtob so long." again been impressed, into the British .poned urvw -- of-he- ; ; father; he-iciiewii- er" 