WOMAN'S t i Sl'ONkNT 45. f She officiated in the duriaS the fall of 1H45 Temple at Nauvoo, M.iry h. Uuff :c,rlresidt as she. is going wards. ist ward, Prest. Steel; 2nd, or winter of 1846. Bassett; 3rd, Coun. Smith; 4U1, she cafne to. Utah in Elder Parley V. ,t.unk her. former kindness in us letting Tierce; 5th, Couti. Buchanan; 6th, 111 Pratt's .company, arriving 111 halt! Lake tffmk hvret)miWtabiehW to and .she .West; 77 th , Prest. Lam bert; 9th, was one of our Heavenly Father for Valley in Septeniher 1847 the good spirit we Mair; , ioth, Prest. Paul; Church in all its move- - enjoyed when nth, the pioneers in the 1 1 , i( : mt : j : merits. ; ,, . ' - Her husband, Rotxrrt J31askel Thompson died in Nauvoo on the 17th, of Aug., 184 , 5he made a visit to Canada starting Nov. 15th, r 87 1, to see her old friends and relatives of her husband: and to" gather geneological records, returning' to this city ';T larcli 6th; 1S72, and the same, year she A. Smith, accompanied; President-GeOr- ge "and his Palestine party, as far as England ; r . 1 th. -- . remained, visiting her numerous relatives and friends; gathering records and where she '. bearingee of the gospel, Joseph Smith, ; I j j j 1 together which will be long remembered by all, as a' token of love we all present you with a Bookf Mormon Jroni willing minds, that within this kind circle your heart nny rejoice- - for blessings are for you from every voice." A pleasing repast was spread and with suitable conversation, partaken of by the hostess and her friends. We inscribe our names as follows, ." when she June-187- 3, Harvey." , Alb rtin a Pe re rso n , Catharine; Miller. " Maria PrtestlEy, Mary Blvke, ; " retunieirjionie This beloved and respected sister and' veteran mother passed away at last in peace, Sister Loyd. and her death was doubtless a triumphant V Ann Harvey, Sec. entrance behind the vail, "where she would ana the rrophet and 7 meet her husband, "AN.event in connection with the Parlia-- ' Patriarch Joseph and Hyrum , her Sister ment of Religions, was a reception given to Mary and her brothers who had gone before, the delegates byJhe Board of Lady and an innumerable company of departed '"MaingersTOTreAoman's Building. Mrs. Saints, with many of whom she. had Paluier presided, and she invited the delelabored in the Latter-dawork in this gates to explain the status of women in dispensation. their own lands and in what degree this . Sister Thompson leaves one daughter might he due to religion and in what to Sister Mary Jane Thompson, who is greatother conditions, meanwhile suggesting, in ly bereaved through her mother's loss, for the course of. her felicitous .remarks, that they were", inseparable ' companions in life; Christianity afforded the best conditions for and a grandson the namesake of his noble womenv Among the speakers wras P. C. grandfather Robert I). Thompson, besides Mozoomdar, the most liberal of Hindus hosts of? eiatives and friends who esteemed He said they were studying the problem of her for her manv virtues and as a venerable Tvhersprlii vnin.in'; Prlnration in Tndm. raother in Israel. Her name will be followed" 0f Bombay, with an in honorable remembrance by the eloquent speecli in favor of the complete day Saints throughout all time, and may emancipation of women, declaring his our Heavenly Father comfort her daughter belief in their absolute equality. Professor and may she follow in the footsteps of her Tcheraz, of the Armenian Church, also illustrious mother and attain to the same .declared himself in favor of the emancipaexcellence and be worthy; the same exaltattion of women." - institutions of the Latter-da- y Saints, that we may be able to build up Zion. Spoke of theimpdrtance of storing up grain against a time of want, and dwelt at some length upon the various duties devolving upon us. Sang, 'Doxology," benedictiQn by . . - - -- y - , heldLauIlt ; I j ion. "'Tnose who have battled for truth wit'i their mind ami miht, .With .thvir.: garments... clean, and their armor R. S. AND P. A REPORTS. -- SALT LAKE STAKE. RETURNIXG-HOME- . i I Editor Roman's Exponent'. I wish to say through the columns of the Exponent that my health is so far improved that I expect to start home in a to resume my labors in the St. Joseph Stake of Arizona where I shall use my influence in the interest of the Exponent Descrct News and Young Ladies Journal which I think should be the duty of every officer in the Church organizations of women; in our various reports from our stake we should not omit to say that President s Lay ton has rendered that aid that necessary to enable us to make, our visit by giving us a pass, on the stage line of which he is proprietor and also attending the Cou- .. Terence of the Associations and giving that encouragement that tends to the growth and development of the Stake over which i 10 preside. W. East. j ! few-day- s j " jpre-vail- - -- Sister Emma Woodruff gave a very in description of her trip East with" The Quarterly Conference of the Relief teresting the Presidency and choir; sjwke of the Society of the Salt Lake Stake convened kind spirit in which they were received at in tiie Assembly Hall, Friday Sep. 22nd, Independence, contrasted the present time 1S93, President M. Isabella Home presid-- I with the time when they were driven from ing. Meeting ' opened with singing, "O that place. President Home followed with Jeius the Giver etc. Prayer was offered instructive remarks dwelling principally by Catherine Smith, singing ' "Glorious upon our duties to the poor and upon the things are sung of Zion." etc. Roll called .evils of and spoke of the and responded to as follows, twenty-thre- e duties devolving upon us as wives and branches represented by Presidents, nine oy mothers, and as Latter-daSaints. Counselors, one by Secretary; six, by Conference wTas then adjourned for three Teachers, making in all thirty-nin- e months. "Singing, " Lord dismiss us with branches, leaving nine without represents- - ; thy blessing, " etc. Benediction by Emily tion. Th minutes of previous Conference Stevenson." were then read and accepted. Also StatistiElla W. Hyde, Acting Sec. cal, Financial and Treasurer's Report. President Home said it had been voted up- SAN LUIS STAKE, COLORADO. on that we omit reading the reports from each branch, as it took up so much time The Relief Society Conference of the la tod the sisters on sending in so V.UUjji""" have so San Luis Stake of Zion convened in the mnnv reoorts; as it enabled us mm mete a total. Regretted there was not Sanford meeting house Sep. 10th,, 1S93. President Cornelia Morteusen presiding, a bettlr attendance at the conference. As for this stake of conference opened with singing 'The time this was is nigh." Prayer was offered by Brother Zibn, we should set a good example. All officers should be present to represent their George W. Irvin and choir sang, "Lift up As verbal reports your heads ye scattered Saints." respective branches. President G. Mortensen said we had met were given irom coumy wuius m iuc iat iroiu cuy this morning to have our Conference, prayed g, y j ! ; . . head-quarte- j j ed ' j " FAREWELL PARTY. society, meet to pay our respects to Mster Opened by singThee We thank O, God for a ing, Prayer by M. W. Wilcox, Prophet. singing. fRedeemer of Israel' ' etc. Sister Elizabeth Pixton spoke upon the subject of We should perform those duties duty. that came in our way and that our hearts admonished us to do, and not wait to have them pointed out to us, urged us to open our hearts and hands to the poor,, and to be diligent in the performance of every duty. Mesdames Webb, Stevenson, Wilcox, Clawson, Cutler, Gibson "and Silcock, all made interesting remarks, bearing their " testimony to the truth of the gospel and dwelling principally upon the , present situation and of "our duties to the poor, spoke of their labors in the Temple and of the beautiful spirit and influence, that there. , Sister Mary A. freeze urged upon us the ' importance of keeping the 'Svord of wis- dom," in taking care of our bodies that we may be prepared for future usefulness, also . spoke of her work in the temple, and of the necessity of working for our dead . j w-a- Kei,e Afternoon session: fault-findin- " ''We the membcrsof Center Ward Elizabeth'Pixton. friends.- bnslM." . Spencer; 14th, Prest. Wilcox; '15th, Coun. Price; 1 6th, Prest. Reid; iSth, Sec. Wright; 19th, Coun. Rawlins; 22nd, Prest. Whipple. Each ward was favorably reported. Prest Home expressed herself as being pleased with the reports given, spoke upon the present stringency. Cave good advice to those present in regard to keeping out of debt and patronizing home industries, especially the Woman's Store. Said pre si dents of he Relief Society should use their nfluence-tnsustaining-this-and-allother" 5riLLiA and the divirie mission of until , Ann Richardson, f Counselors- Ann C. Harvev, Secretary. 1 ; Prest Mc Master; 12th, Prest. Druce; 13th, Coun. ' : Prest. Prest.' Prest. Prest. , rs 