I- Woman's Exponent. EMME USE - - WELLS, II, A.VA'tE WELLS CAAS'OS (Camttia), Edior. - Edittiot Ctrifmtr, " In TSaTf Lake City," Utah. Published, : six months, Terms: - one topy one year, $1.00; one-cop-y 50 cts. No reduction made tot clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra tor postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising; rates: Each square, ten lines .of nonpareil space, one, lime, 52.50; per month, j 00. ' A liberal dis, count to regular advertisers. " 5emi-iiiuii(hly- 7 Exi'ONKNT office, Rooms 227 223 Constitution BuildC. M, I. Business hours from ing, Maihijtreet. opposite 10 a.m. to 5 p m." every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to ". & Z. PUBMSUER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, r 7 si.T lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post Ojftce in Salt Lake City, ltah, as ecohd (lass matter. , , . iAKf: City, ... Salt Atril 15 and May i, 1893. TEMPLE DEDICATION. Tin- ' General Conference' of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints which was held this year, commencing on Tuesday the fourth" of 'April, 1893, in the large " Tabernacle in this city at 10 o'clock a. m, was one of the most important Conferences ever held. President Wilford Woodruff presided, which fact was very gratifying to all who attended. People came from far and near "all over the country and from various parts of the United States, Mexico and Canada. President Woodruffs sermon was very comforting, his kindly counsel and tender manner of expressing himself working a deep and lasting impression upon all those who sat within the sound of his - y . . voice. ' ': The two days of the Conference were occupied by the Apostles and leading authorities' of the Church, much of the --tea- ch rig in regard lo th'e Temple" dedication and the preparations necessary to enter o such a sacred and holy place. 1 ingsT-be- i in-t- -- -T- Tl EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 150 ci eel i oil t to it 5cmtHt hursday- morn oesr cfo nri tie fi ceci o ix5 torium of the Salt Lake Temple forty years from the day when the cornerstone was laid. The i nterest attached to this impor-tau- t event has a greater and deeper than appears from the outward ' - , seeming. In fact no event-- of modern times i.Tso" important , a nd fraught wi th' such momentous consequences to the world and its inhabitants as the opening of this holy edifice for the administration of ordinances that pertain to the living and the dead, to the past and jhe present, to the endowments" and covenants that unite families and kindreds in bonds inseparable. By the Latter-daSaints great things are anticipated in these places of worship, and-threvelations of heaven and ministration of angels is a part of the expectation looked forward to and firmly believed in. Therefore when the rf rTemple, the house of the Lord in the tops of the mountains" it actually did not seem Btrange that atthetrauspired, sameX time ee sig-nifican- : .. - - ; t shed type of all, and yet we who live in this day and age expect greater results to follow.. thededication of this Temple just dedicated than any other ever erected to the, most High. , offered The prayer by President : Woodruff oh the occasion of the dedication was the most inspirational and. wonderful expression of power and intercession with ihe heavens that we ever h'ave heard. It comprised everything essential to the. salvation of the world, and no order or organization was forgotten, but the blessing, of. Gofl earnestly invoked upon all. The s2rmons:and discourses by the First Presidency partook in a great measure of the nature of the prayer and were full of charity, long suffering, forbearauce, and forgiveness. The spirit of love, the love of the Gospel was apparent through all the services. The choir which consisted of three hundred . voices (the ladies all in white), under the leadership of Prof. Evan Stephens, rendered the most excellent music, but the most striking feature of the dedicatory exercises was the "Hosanna Shout." three times repeated by the entire congregation who rose to their feet and remained standing during the time. This shout t of Hos-aun- a thrilled the hearts of the vast multitude, and echoed grandly through the magnificent building; so exultant and enraptured were the saints in their rejoicing that their faces beamed with gladness, and the whole place seemed glorified and sanctified in recognition of the consecration made on that momentous and' The prayers of the people had been answered, that their venerable and beloved President might live and preside at the dedication of this Temple, the most important one yet finished or ever begun in this generation. This was an accomplished fact . and there and : then it seemed, to "some at least who witnessed the ceremonies, that, angels and celestial beings were there in power though, not visible to human sight. , never-to-be-forgotten-occasi- on. -- Tbeday-was-eloeked:-nvard-07- " hopefully and longingly by many thousands who have already passed to "the other side," and their joys wras as great perhaps greater even than ours who are here, as the increase of knowledge in a higher state, which they have doubtless "attained, must exceed that of finite minds. The services of the Dedication continued until April 24, thirty-on- e meetings had been held at which the First Presidency arid Apostles with many other leading men of the Church were regular in" attendance. EDITORIAL NOTES; The readers of our' little paper will doubtless be glad to know that a volume has been prepared for the exhibit in the Building at the World's Fair in Chicago together with the books by Utah women. It contains one copy of each volume for twenty years and all the copies of Vol. 21, except April 1st, which was not ready .when the bookwas bound. It is handsomely: bound in red morocco with the name in gold letters on ' the outside, and will speak better than mere words for the women of the Territory. Utah . j ; j -- '' ' Vj''' ' 'The Committee in silk called by Mrs. Salisbury just before leaving Utah fertile World's Fair are doing excellent work. Mrs. Margaret A. Caine, the Secretary of the Committee, has been both North and 'South and devoted much time and been very energetic 'to look up cocoons, and a variety of article's' as well as reeled and spun silk etc. The exhibit of silk is likely to be very good and quite elaborate from present indications. Mrs. C. W. Burnett the Chairman, is deeply interested in making: the affair a success. ; j j The ladies of the Salt Lake County As- sociation really' deserve credit for what they The several World's Fair Exposition! Clubs in the county have done very well indeed and deserve great praise for their efforts, and the Chairmen , of Committees who have had special work entrusted to them have not only been diligent in collecting and looking after the specimens of work, but have done much at their own expense. The means used has been from memberships to the. Association and from lunches given by the ladies' and their proportion from the proceeds of the Columbian ballr Some of the w;ork has been very expensive but the management has been j udiciousas I wilIbe.seen- - when 4he -- accounts-- are --all in. The ladies have worked the Board and in Committees in harmony, and have really become, much endeared to each other through the pleasant association. The books by women include nine by Sister Eliza R. Snow, three by Sister Han-- " nah T. King, three by Augusta J. Crocheron, others are .Mary J. Tanner, Reba. B. Pratt, Cornelia Paddock, Jennie B. Frasieth, Mrs. W.. S. McCornick, translations from the German.. Mrs. Mar EL Aim v" Emilv B. Spencer, Hannah Coruaby, and other Utah women. Another edition of Sarah n. V-- Thejsame x)rderf exerdsesas'iobserved all the way through, and from first to last the most intense interest prevailed. The Sunday School children passing through , the Temple- and joining in the "hosannahs" must have been a sight for angels to gaze upon, and undoubtedly myriads of them' were present. The Latter-daSaints look forward with anxious expectancy to the building of the Temple so long talked of and prophesied of in the center stake j5f ZionJmany have been the prophecies on-- ; concerning it, and sholdlirise, their fulfillment is as that the Prince and power sidering firmly believed in as it of darkness is always opposed to the work though were an accomplished, fact. The spirit of charity has been very apparof the Lord. v : .The Bible and sacred' records refer to th ent and its influence lias been comforting President Temples built in former days. Some of and encouraging to the people. Woodruff and those associated with him them were of maguificeiit proportions and' have set an for the Latter-da- y gorgeous even in Saints 111 this example their appointments and surroundings. Solo'-respect, that should be wide ' spreading in its effect j.miigh,Qut the: length aridTreadffi"of Zion y - e - 1 y - , ' . ' Carmicliael's book of poems is to be issued by the Ladies' Literary Club of this City and will le placed in the Utah Building. . Songs and flowers of the Wasatch, the book of poems mentioned in the paper before will soon be completed; it is beautifully illustrated in water colors by Edna Wells Sloan, and will be dedicated to Mrs. Margaret Blaine Salisbury. Z The very large-bookphotographs - of prepared by a committee of ladies contains views of the oldest and new-esresidences with many public" build the. oldest sty le and others ings, some more modern a large picture of the Salt Lake Temple. The book is very large and weighs fifty pounds. Mrs. Rhoda B. and Mrs. Lizzie K. Cristnou worked Aer; diligently in this Committee, and theyentitled to praisefrorrrthostiuterested m the Utah exhibit. I'tah-architectur- of t Lip-ma- n are-just'l- y -- e . 