c VKl nhe Women o,: '. 1 Vol. 22. the Reef Samoa Alofa. Motlier .E. SarigsfcT- Needle Margaret Mrs. America of Edward B. Crifch'-JoWork Guild On Raising "Mulbery BrL?,h-- S. A. . Ladies' Notice. Official Meeting U. P. W. E. D. Alder. Club R. Shipp. Lydia - Ladies', Attention MrsJMC. Howes. Notes and News. An Abridged Sketch of History M. E. Kimball. Wayne Stake. The War of 1612. ' In Memoriam..Obituaries." w. Semi-monthl- y Editorial. The Saving of Grain. Salt Tabernacle Choir. Poetry, ' C Ztond the Rights of the v ke Editorial Notes. -1 She and I Etta L., Gilchrist. The Deserted Claim Selected. Why Should We Doubt Eliza E. Gibbs. , Still lie dreamed as others had done before As others shall do in the days to com- e- v Of finding wealth in unboundetfstore, And joyfully bearing his treasure home; .But fortune is chary when all is told Her smiles are the hardest on earth to gain, And where one is favored with shining gold A thousand toil jn vain. onersmay Thus I sit and muse in the camp-fir- e glow", W illie the welcome evenings meal is sprea'd,- And the sound of the river comes soft and low; And the stars shine brilliantly overhead; For my heart is saddened as day by day, We piss in sunshine or dripping "rain, That frequent road-mar- k upon our way, The deserted, desolate, mining claim. f ' Selected. , SHE AND I. We played together she and 1 Two children by the meadow brook, She fair and bright as summer's sky I, stout and firm and proud of look. We two were neighbors she and I But differing in our birth-righ- t dower She daughter of a laborer nigh I born to pride of wealth and power. We loved each other, she and I The old,7 old story ever new, She loved as woman trustingly, I, selfishly as mankind do. We proved our love, both she and I As ever, fondest lovers must She gave herself, jny truth to try I, broke her heart, betrayed her trust. In worldly circles she and I Were judged by hurmn judgment vain, -I; honored still and lifted high She bearing the reproach and stain r I We'll stand in judgement, she and God will decide where rests the blame, Herjfault's he'll pass in mercy by; 7 On me wili'pla'ce the guilt and shame. 1 . , ' Etta LGilchrist. Up where the snow shines pure and white, In the peaks that point to the summer sky, Up, in the gulch by the evening light I saw, as we traveled slowly by, deserted and left alone, - v A shaft sunk in the mountain side, A roofless cabin, of ., logs rough hewn, Where some one had labored 'till hope had died. And late on, when our camp was made, And the white tents Ditched for another night, While the pine trees w eirdly tossed and swayed "i me cneertul glow ot our camp nre agin, When merry voices rang on the air. And smiling faces flashed in and out I thought of that cabin rude and bare, Of its owner, who labored in hope and doubt . He had come perhaps from some Eastern home, . . . " T" FISHING OX THE REEF SAMOA. The twenty fourth of July was a fit time for an "out" in sun,as it was under its burning rays that our honored pioneers entered the beautiful .valley of Salt Lake just forty-si- x years ago. We had made no preparations for a celebration at Houserso- - when Selani came and asked to borrow the boat for a fishing trip to the reef, and stated that the party was to consist of women only, I hastily made up my mind, just for the novelty of the affair, to accompany them. ., The tide being low, I was asked to walk along the beach to a point where they hoped to be able - to get the. 'boat near the shore but alas! when we reached the point wre found the water too shallow even there to get within fifty .yards of theshore .first experience was JoJvade tHeJwat;!. shoes and stockings on. The party consisted of two half castes, two Samoans, and myself and the different grades of color we represented was a matter commented upon by the dusky as we were rowed out toward the reef by their strong and willing hands. Several times the boat struck large rocks which Meile's watchful eyes had ' failed to discover, and our progress was for the moment impeded; but for the moment only, "for Selani would spring' from her seat in an instant and turn the nose of the little craft around clear of the rocks and with dripping apparel climb back to her place again. as d When we had gone as far shallow water would admit, the boat was anchored and we walked out over the sharp nnes to the ed?e of the reef. There the waves' came dashing and breaking great : rvf onrol wViir4i fnr fi'crp.C taAn-!. has successfully resised their force. Oh, how they did pitch and toss and roar, as if determined to overstep their" bounds and come pouring over the rocks and on to the sandy beach! but just as each had gathered all its force and towered up to its greatest of height it would strike the firm barrier fall rock and be dashed into snowy spray to and mingle with the calmer receding 1 waves. , How great and ho w wonderful in deed are the works of God, and in no part f of the earth are their grandeur displayed the-scorchi- ng the-Missi- on - ' -- so-m- y" oars-wom- en THE DESERTliD CLAIM. A claim Women SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER CONTENTS: F.shing on Crowded Out ; .v, And homesick and weary and all atone, He had faithfully toiled for some friendly sign, Cold moans the wind through the (canyon deep, And the coyote cries the night hour drear There are unknown footsteps that softly creep. And the voice of the burro in kingly chee sea-war- j 4- - ! j j j I j -- J . of all Nations. No. 1893. 15, 5 in greater magnitude than in the mighty deep!?. ;" While the dusky women of the tropic, were busily engaged in the fishing I divested myself of wet stockings and shoes and sat on a pile of dry rocks to rest and enjoy the beauty of the scenery and the music' of the waves.The fishers-went yet -- nearer-the edge of the reef than I dared to venture and reached down i n holes - i n the rocks for a kind of shellfish while the water rolled over them with considerable force. The net had been forgotten in the boat, consequently" the 'catch " was small, but as there is scarcely a living creature in the sea that'Samoans will not eat they picked up a supply of stuff which is edible to ihem,"i though even the appearance of, it was quite nauseous to me. Several large cuttle-fis- h were among the lot. There was only one woman in tne crowd orave enough to pick one up, therfore when the first one was discovered by Lad she called to friend Selani whp came quickly to her assistance. As .she firmly - grasped the slimy, clinging creature in her hand, it wound its eight long arms about her wrist and wnggledirndrawledin its endeavors to free itself, while she bit out itsteeth and really smacked her lips over the dainty bit of flesh which she chewed from arc und the mouth of the animal while it was yet alive. A dark slime frcm its body was smeared over her face which made her appear less attractive than I had ,evr seen her before. . . Ac fxirAi nrrpprHncr nnp rMviKrht ivfis T noticed that all my companions were anxious to chew off the teeth, though quite the octopus in their nwilling to take hands: . The sun had abrjut reached: the meridian when we started on the homeward course, and we were all hungry. The lunch-baikcontained only dry taro that is t was dry when We started out; but the woman who carried it had set it down in the water a dozen times or more while she used her hands to catch fish, so it was by this time thoroughly soaked. I knew my friends intended to find something in the sea to eat with their "bread," but I must say I was a little surprised when I saw what the things were. Raw fish, the insides of several kinds, of mollusks, clam fish, which is so and even the little thickly covered with quills that it resembles a mere bunch of thorns; these and other delicacies were eaten with great relish and gave them all so great an appetite that the tavo was all gone before all .were fairly satisfied. After offering me quite a variety of the danties, which I told them I was unaccustomed to eating, they selected a nice clean, looking bit from a clam, and after washing it well, pursuaded me to just taste it. I did so and then assured them thai. I did not care fur an v.. more.- - I do not think I ever tasted medicine that was as hard to swallow as that one small bit of a raw " clam. The natives explained to one another that I had never lived near the sea before did not understand ..the things of the sea except fish and that I did net relish those -- et sea-weed- sea-urch- s, m , , 