WOMAN'S! IEXPONENT. OUR BABY. They startle at every footstep, His return they anxiously wait, At last they think they hear him, Coming through the gate. 7 They run to the door to meet him; But alas! They only find, That the creaking of the garden gate, Was caused by the howling wind. Broken hearted they lay down . In their mother's arms to rest. Their little faces sick and pale, Against her heaving breast. Througn their little windows, Flashes of lightningjeap, But all is still in the cabin, Its inmates are asleep. At last the lightning ceases, The rain comes down no more; The father returns with coal And raps at the cabin door. No little ones came to greet him, As they have often done before, J He raps a little harder And then breaks in the door. Affectionately inscribed to Sister Minerva E. Knowlton, after the death of her infant son Afton. Sing softly, low zephyrs, O'er newly made graves; While birds gently warble, And bright brooklet laves; Our baby, Sweet Afton, Might hear, should ye weep; Sing lullaby, softly Disturb not his sleep! Ye starry-eye- d Angels, Of mercy and love, Who watch little children In fair homes above; Ye see Father always Our lone message bear; Remember, the baby, Sweet Afton is there. ' and-woo- And Jesus, Thou solace Of mortals who weep, In thy holy service : This mother's heart keep; Her baby, Sweet Afton, Has gone from her sight; But Thy "Yoke is easy," Thy 'burden is Hght.'l ' : d The fire is out, the room is cold, To his wife he calls in vain, But the only response that greets him, r Is the dripping of the rain. As he gropes his way in the darkness, O'er the floor with heavy tread, .He stumbles o'er their lifeless forms, And cries, "My God! they're dead!" He is now a raving maniac, And when asked the cause of his fate, Relates the pitiful story Of the help that came too late. LULA. --4- TO MOTHER. Ah, yes, tis mother's birthday! Can it be she's growing old? ! ; For three-scor- e years have passed away Since she the light did first behold. Yes, sixty years have swiftly flown, Since that holy angel of life and love, Descended from the heavenly throne, 'Witiflhat precious soul from God above. ' And yet her "eyes remain as blue, And bright as on the fateful day, And still her cheeks retain their hue, . As modest rose in month of May. -- . -- ' -- V charts mounted in winged frames, in order to be easily inspected, and also to occupy as little space as possible. V In addition to the charts already named, it is recommended that a brief but comprehensive monograph accompany each' state exhibit of statistics, which would embody in convenient form the salient points and the conclusions legitimately deduced from ' ' the statistics. ;7 Our foreign committees of women are preparing statistics in a comprehensive and extremely interesting manner. In the more progressive countries of Europe this line of work has attained a high degree of perfection; their long experience enabling them to adopt effective methods. It is hoped that every state and territory in the United States will send to the board of lady managers statistics that will not only reflect credit upon the intelligence hand energy of American women, but will elicit from these recorded facts some broad principles, which will encourage women everywhere, and also lead men to recognize the importance of women as factors in industrial and social effort.' Susan G. Cooke, Secretary Board Lady Managers. " OLD FRIENDS MEET. Mrs. M. Isabella Horne gave a party on the evening of February 3rd, in honor of her daughter Mrs. Cornelia H. Clayton who was here on a visit of a few weeks from Provo, and anxious to meet her old friends with whom she had been on such intimate terms during her girlhood and . Steve Sherlock. . HISTORICAL AND HEROIC DEEDS OF WOMEN. WORLD'S IVOLUMBIAN COMMISSIONr BOARD OF LADY : MANAGERS, .earlmarried from this city. Mrs. C. H. Clay ton, was a great favorite among the circle of her acquaintances, both for her many attractive social qualities and also for her, musical wM voi,and Her hair has scarcely changed its shade, "Eer friends; she has added to many an Ah, no, to me thou still art young, Chicago, February i, 1893. entertainment by her sweet voice in song As when beside thy knee I played, and has been a faithful and diligent worker To the State Board and Committees: While baby songs to me were sung. The board of lady managers suggests in literary and othef societies. Mrs. Home's that the committees in each state classify party was a very pleasant affair socially ,and Though sorrow oft didst cloud thy sky, the refreshments were delicious and handAnd thy heart-stringwere wrung with grief, statistics in an approximately uniform man"T'r T'r".7 .; T'was God who thus thy faith did try, the following somely served. ner, and recommends For Bro. and Sister Home T'was he who also brought relief. many years scheme. been have in the habit of entertaining, in 1, Statistics in regard to women in their Thou did'st prove an obedient daughter, fact their connection with 1the industries and profeshospitality has passed into; a To those parents now on heaven's shore, . il- I srt J Ja1 one often hears the remark, the and proverb,, 1 1 ms wm lncAUQe inobe in. uume&uc SlOnS. Thou hast been a true companion, good times we have had, the songs we sung service, factories, stores, schools, journalA noble, kind mother, yea, more; and the games we played at "the old home 7 ism, independent business, etc.) Tongue or pen could never tell, of the Home's," before the young folks 2. Statistics in regard to the associated The great love I now bear for thee, were married and went away. efforts of women. (This will include literAs there flits across my mind ary clubs, religious societies, church The loving care thou has't had o'er me. Miss Halstead, sister of Secretary societies, reform associations, etc.) of work the to in To thee I owe my life my all Statistics Noble's Wife, has been engaged to write an regard i. Thou didst teach my heart and lips to pray, women in philanthropy, reform, and in article on 4 'The Social Life of Washington I scarcely know public service. (This will include homes, from the Earliest Administration to the thy priceless worth, Until from thee I am away. asylums, reformatories, etc. , founded by- Present day," for a souvenir volume' prewomen prisons, etc., administered by wopared by women for the World's Fair. May God protect anci bless thee mother, ' ".V"'' : T men.)'. Your sorrow and trouble be of the past, In the. California Legislature, the bills to the laws under women of status The Still may you many birthdays see, 4. school and municipal suffrage to woof the state. (This will include the politi give And each prove happier than the last. men have been lavorably reported by the of s ; ; 1 -- hUL ' -- : . Penn. cal status women.) statistical statement of notable things done by women. (This Vould include deeds of heroism, bequests, scientific or historical collections, unusual positions held by appointment, achievement 5. Concise POVERTY'S PANGS. A.tuother and two little children, Sat in a'cabin one night, . They could scarcely see each other, For the stars were their only light. The little ones dying from hunger, - Had satnhiiriertff&tiyhlciur, While their poverty stricken father Had gone beggrngfbfYuel and flour. etc. :: ;v Vhwttitir-shoul- - : .;V i. Mrs. Jacob Bright has an articleih "The Laws Which Afiect Women" in the February number of the Young Woman London, which also contains a paper on '"The Young Womanf in Society by : 6. Population, male ti ve population, . male and female.) committee. (The-last-hugiyei- ana lemaie; cnmi- - ,fenesjW2nard :: , f; Jexicra Mil extending full sufto women Jias just passed the House frage - be in 4hefbnn- - of-- oi --Kepresentauves I 