135 WOMAN'SLEXPONENT. heaven is at hand , and pardon , O! Iord, pardon these Florentines who desire to be thine," y This was how Savonarola took the tide at its flood. He might have made himself leaderautocrat, director,but the only revenge he bade them take, was chastisement for their sins; and' the remedy was reformation; not for the state only 'but individuals. While the officials still had. "a remnant of power and could yet do some' thing' td save the city, Savonarola held the populace; next Savonarola went with the ambassadors as one of them to meet Charles and see what could be done to save the City, before he went he delivered a great sermon telling the people to be merciful and warning them; then he set out upon his mission, but nothing was promised. Charles .was anxious to see the man- - who had called him the new Cyrus, he told the king that years before this visitation had been revealed to him; arid delivered to him a prophetic message in the name of the Lord. The king and his generals were moved by this" remarkable address of Savonarola and he returned with better hopes, tho' without promises, his very presence was a strength to the City; he restrained the people speaking to ' them of- peace and brotherhood. Through all those troublesome times he continued to preach and the people listened. It seems never to have occured to him that' this prophetical rule was despotic. To him it was the reign of God thro' Ms own unworthy lips, he employed this power for no other end than the good of the people, his enemies say he loved power, and made this, a welcome explanation of his incompre-- Heruled like the ideal hensible character tyrant of-- poetic imagination, his heart full of God(ahd tHeVpeople1 without leaving a corner for himself and this lasted for two years and is spoken of as Savonarola as a politician, ,a new style was apparent, a new spirit animating the people,, the impress of the Democratic friar; The carnival of 1496 found him silent in obedience to Rome, he was silenced but his active spirit was untouched and his courage little broken. It does not seem possible that any man who risks all in the hope of regenerating his country or his class be it ever so great a cause should come to any but a tragical end.. So long as Savonarola's influence lasted immorality and luxury were out of the fashion, vileness paralyzed. Savonarola in his own person was the National guard, vhis wrords was their wine, bis eloquence their theatre, ' but those things were not to continue, after he had freed Florence and tamed her he dropped back into the Prior of San Marco, , and the religious leader, against whom the world had now once risen up in fierce fight. He somehow incurred the Pope's displeasure, and one of his tremendous sermons was sent to the Pope, he was Rodorigo Borgia, father of Ceaser Borgia and Lucretia, and" the conflict between these lasted for three years, during this time . Savonarola suffered all sorts of trials and indignities, in June 1497 the long threatened excommunication was launched against him and formally published in the cathedral! He questioned the Pope's legality and that he had no authority aver the consciences of the people . He ept silence, in his cell occupying himself . with writing until Christmas day 1698, six addressed a vast mulmonths after when he titude of people, after the solemn mass he went still further than to doubt the pope and so enraged his enemies that every day raised some new sedition against him, at the end of 'one-o- f his sermons'- he announced that on ' - a -- ' : - the first day ofthe carnival he would if any of his adversaries would dare the experiment along with him, appear in some pub-H- e place holding :the Sacrament in his hand' and appealto Gocl in solemn prayer to send fire from heaven and demonstrate whether himself or his antogonist was in the right way. The scene was very affecting, his appeal to the. people most touching, but no one came to accept the challenge; Twice afterward similar instances took.place and with the same result the opposition never appearing. After this he had ho peace he was continually threatened with punishment and when permitted, he passed his time in prayer and in such devotion as would touch the heart of stone. He was guilty, of sedition and heresy" and all the tortures of the inquisition were brought to bear upon him to make him submit and retract. Two of the devoted followers of this great man who had accepted his views of faith were sen-- , tenced with him. The most severe tortures lasted eleven days,' thro' all these memorial days, he was alone in his placeof torture, the other friars were dealt with separately: on the 23rd, of May 1498, the execution took place, much of Savonarola's experience at this time is involved in doubt; but it is a well known fact that these heroic men were executed by strangling, and their bodies were burned like those of many other martyrs for daring to have views and convictions not in con-- " formity with popular creeds. The scene was most affecting. The effect, however, was permanent and cannot be erased, the. Dpgrapners account pi uns wonaenui man, Savonarola, his life arid work are conflicting, but one who feels the spirit of the man and comprehends the mission he filled, will know, that he was a man5df destiny, and if one can be permitted the privilege called of God to help in the reformation of those licentious times. He wrote many celebrated works in Latin and Italian. - - : . . , ; , A GOLDEN WEDDING. . . . -- " German Star please copy. Clarissa Wilhelmi ALTERATIONS OF THE OCTOROON. For the. Expomnt. Believing that scenes of murder and suicide" upon the stage, should be avoided even though the end is not tragical; it woui produce a better impression, leave a better and more cheerful feeling: in the minds of the beholders, and inculcate les-sotiM good, the liberty is takett to soalter the original text. Jacob,' in a prison having been caught by the Indian and delivered up. . Jacob soliliquizing, "A murderer's doom is mine. My love of greed, my mad love for Zoe brings me here. I have lost all, all that man should care for, all that makes life bright. My hands ar.ef dyed red with bloocL My heart is cold, remorse my fate, demons my companions. No hope no joy, all is the Oh innocent ones',', darkness, of despair. keep innocent. Never let those foul" influences drag you down to utter perdition; where there is no hope, where redemption cannot come, where laugheth evil ones at your dismay. This is my fate, that I alone have brought upon myself. " Then when Zoe is about to take poison let her speak like this: "Here is the cup of Lethe. Here is the cup that bjihgeth peace of this life's ills, that bringeth deadly sleep; that maketh me free from that detestable man's power, no longer his slave. Shall T drink it! and sleep the last long sleep? Shall T drink it, andla. my body down in the cold and silent grave, shall I still these warm heart beats, and go to the Unseen land of spirits? I am 'tempted tempted' tb put my love, my life away. Shall' I . succumb to cowardly temptation; or resist the syren's plea? There is another life than this, my deeds will overtake me and what then will I be there?" Dashes the cup down. "Go cup of Iethe, go; I will not bring everlasting remorse upon my spirit, Twill not take my life,-th- e lie that was given me for good. I will'not siain my hands by so dark a! deed, and bring a murderer's fate to me, so dark, so drear; would be the penalty ' I. yould pay. No happiness, no joy, no love, no companions but those in like distress, no ray-olight' td cheer, my future way. Better be a slave than commit this wicked . . x Tni3' elderly people of our little town, OrderVille, gathered at the residence of Brother Isaiah Bowers to celebrate the Golden Wedding of our beloved brother and sister Hersiger, on the 17th, of September. We had a good time, the program consisted e of songs, recitations and for the occasion, and a biographical sketch, by the honored couple of their former lives which was very interesting. There were a good many useful presents given to them. They felt very happy for the honor bestowed upon them for they are very lonely with no children to cheer them in theirdecHningyears and no relatives in f speeches-appropriat- this country. The company sat do wn to a well filled table of the good things of this world; after supper was over, "there was a; beautiful cake presented to the bride. The day was spent with joy and gladness and all went home feeling well. The following article was composed for the occasion, by H. E. Hoyt. Hand in hand a youth and maiden, Fifty years ago to day, Started out upon life's journey, With their hearts so light and. gay ,For they knew not of the trials, VWhich the tempter brings to bear, Upon those whom he would conquer How he does their feet ensnare. - - -:V- . Side by side those two have wandered, From the jdarkness into light,, Side by side they've fought and conquered," Now their, path is clear and bright; Side by side" they have pressed onward, " Up the rugged hill of life, Side by side they've cheered each other," Passing by all care and strife. Side by side through years of darkness E'er the glorious light of truth, Came to bless them with its beauties Bringing more than joys of youth.; Side by side they still are walking, Fifty years have passed and gone; ; Still their hearts with love are beatiug, As they calmly journey on. Though no children gather round them, Many friends are numbered here, And they love them for their goodness, With a love that is sincere. Side by side may they still travel, 'Till our Father calls them home, With that happy joyful greeting Enter in "thou hast well done." . : . x - . 