77,f Rights of the Women oj Zion, Vol. 21. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY Thoughts Passing Pn,1,A--QrvJntnMDr- -C- arnelia. In Rural " . Christmas Eve, viletS lad Showers, Violets ETM. Hewlings. 'don't you move you paid for your seat and ' ndnhcrladics-canhOT-gctrseatShe- 7"" ' looked at me 50 astonished but she sat still, now the kind woman who offered to hold the little girl was very stout, and I have no" Hyacinth.' 1892. doubt would have found holding the uncomfortable, and why very should she burden herself. I always intend to yield my seat to aged men. and women, the manned and sick,.,iiud .theveary:: "witirT5abTesand- from. them do I not intend to take a place. Sometimes we expect too much deference from men and children and if we do not receive it,, call it impoliteness. Is it not more selfishness on our part, than ill breeding on theirs. Now that women engage in all kinds of business, and every branch of industry is open to them the good domestic servant is very rare. Girls have felt themselves to be so looked down upon and that in much a factory, they prefer employment a store, or office work, and yet how much ;t. more of a servant one is in any of these positions. The hours are always very long and the girl is seldom allowed to sit down and is reproved if not "docked" for the slightest tardiness, while living with a child LjmGke:rxlerto one L.M ..JL No. 14. possibly some one will iret off before lone I once heard a lady remark "Talk about the Frenchman's politeness thevare the most Editorial Notes. all-Nation- s. ,893. 15, ' Ione'- - PASSING THOUGHTS. Editorial: Woman's Part In The Exposition. Extract "mIv the Fairest of flowers, violets flown. An-Repo- rts Women's Papers. ' " 1 he Isabella Club Alberta. House. Work For The World's Fair. The Reformation. Foreign Letter Don C. W. Musser, nouncement. R. S. P. A. Bear Lake, - Oneida Far West,Stake. Notes And News. In Memoriam. Obituaries. CaDada Poetry: a''k Wonun of yet nse to give a lady a place in a car or omnibus. " I thought myself at' the time they must be very rude, but now, years since that remark was made, reason asserts EXTRACT. itself and I ask "why should he? Why. In the evening of life, when its hopes once were should a man give up that for which he had' paid just because a woman happens to desire bright, Like the mists on the mountains vanish quickly it? Not many days since 1 chanced to be riding in a crowded street car and near from sight, me sat two laboring men with their lunch When our visions of youth like a bird flee awav And the pleasures of earth fail to gladden our buckets, and tools; the car stopped for some . lames to get on, they were 111 fashionable stay, There's joy far more cheering, ever present and, I, attire, probably. had been calling, or to a mat tinee or afternoon tea, or shopping: and one nigh, That illumines our path like the bow in the sky. of the men near me remarked ' tfell I supWe hold sweet communion with the loved lost pose we shall have to get up, ' ' the other refrom sight, plied "I ami awful tired I hope we don't Faith the day that ne'er endeth in need to, it is so good to be riding home this icwmij', tX $111 UUL Ulli) UiU U. IlUillC, Willi ' how ask I night, way," myself and every true wo- plenty of good food but her duties are so We look thro' the gateway to the land of our man why should we expect that courtesy. 1 If varied .that, she advantage of diang rwhenweehter a car there are iioTacSnrseats' ing the positionjiashe of the body thereby re- should we who come last, notstaud in., .iceivmgres-Where released from all troubling we'll reign why and- - also";"physicar culture. "the stead of with the blest. seat of some tired, worn r taking tliimr-forir L. M. H. out manLltJsjtia-unusua- l ladv "than a little washing. No finer way to to go in a shop and spend an hour or more develop the muscles of the arm the nimble-nes- s comfortably seated examining goods, while of the hand and expansion of the VIOLETS. the clerk lifts them up and down measures chest than by kneading bread. The occuthem out, wraps them up. All the .time pations of a .domestic are healthful and Welcome, oh welcome, violets blue, When you lift your head, from early morning until night standing: might be enjoyable, if only the mistress ' From your watery bed, and never daring to sit down , save for the and maid would each endeavor to do her The sunshine to wed, violets true. short hour allowed for dinner: Is it right, duty. The former should be firm, but not if at evening when the day's work is done overbearing-th- e latter willing to :be taught. Sadly. I miss you, violets fair, this same clerk and lady happen to be going 1 here are no rules by which every house ) When the day is hot, home on the same car for him to arise, as can be governed. Circumstances are so And I see you not, she enters and give up his seat for her. He different and people are so different. But In the old loved spot, violets rare. is no longer an employed man but his own where a lady tries to teach a girl her ways the violets Happy meek, twilight, master, free for the night, he pays fori his pleasantly, and a girl tries to improve and That stirs the soft breeze, seat in the car and why should he not retain give satisfaction, no better employment can low the Among it. Of course there are exceptions. The be given . House work is not, when proptrees, To freshen thy leaves, violets sweet. young should always, unless ill, give their erly managed drudgery, in fact it is an art. places to the aged, but we should not Hes- , There are many unpleasant things connected Gathering shadows, violets near, itate on account of sex. I should certainly with it, still there are more that are pleasurBut deepen thy hue, feel to yield my seat to an aged man as soon able. The arrangement of a room, the setTo darkest of blue, as an aged woman. It is not a question of ting of a table, the "doing up" of a piece That sparkles with dew, violets dear. ' manners, but of unselfishness. For a young of linen, the ajTangiiig pithe chiiia closet Ev'nlngs so balmy, violets mild, healthy girl to allow a tired man to give up all afford ample scope for the display of taste Heighten thy radiance, his seat to her is purely selfish and she ought and talent both in color and design. There Scatter thy fragrance, , not to expect it nor alio wiioxg:Biomeiitz :is:ii6:6ceupati Like a soft cadence, violets wild. One can readily see," when a women is tired by a little thought and study. As the do- or ill and then of course a seat :ought toJe mestic can study to make her work lighter Song hours are gladdened, jaolete shy, "provided for her even at the inconvenience and more pleasant, so can the shop-giBy your mass of bloom, of another passenger. Another one always T"""'.",: l. And dainty perfume; jier position. If she is in a dry goods car little street store why not take especial interest in color Is Ihe That steals imposed upon in the . nih. v o effects to and contrasts, she. will: soon become child, who is just old enough pay fare, How oft you recall, violets fine, or little invaluable to her employer, for customers girls why should we expect the Sweet dreams of the past, children are to because will seek her ideas, as well as her service; boys simply, they Far too dear to last give up their seats. I sat by a little girl not and in the arrangement of show cases and Their spell to recast, violets mine. long since who looked so tired, she was not windows she might ; tecome -- well dressed and had a few . Ve heralds merchant parcels Tfer n; fringrvklets bright; car a entered ladies few the some r kindly depends on his window display for his Lay off the white fold, here little "come said," me woman near girl custom, and where he finds his clerk apt in o'er you is rolled, 'V"'.. so spotless and cold.oIets whUe .011 : andit my JpIiininedktelyrsaidr novel arrangement - andtastelul in Otrr DarlinglGone .Hyacinth. Woman LuDalton. -- ill-treat- . pre-visio- ed ns . . t - V ' -- . . , ; . . j ; -- . I ' . . " . rl throtih-tHVonmrvinlp- t; - 1 im-pro- . ve . " : - : ' . h y.;;-Th- rtt(..x- at : " ajmstejc : 