WOMAN'S EXPONENT.. 109 . WORK FOR THE WORLD'S FAIR. The Bureau of Applied Arts for the -- Miss Emily Huntinsrton has mnsontpd to superintend the work herself, and it is believed that this will be. one of the most interesting exhibits organized by women. The model kitchen and cooking-schoo- l exhibit, which is also to be carried on under the auspices of the New York State board of women managers, will prove very attractive. Cooking is looked upon now almost as a fine art, and the cooking-schoo- l has tecomeone. of thejrecognized -- branches Wo- man's Department of the World's Fair has been placed in charge of Mrs. Candace Wheeler for New York State. It includes: applied and decorative painting; stained glass and glass mosaics; modeling and inlaid and plastic ornament; gilded woods; designing, . and construction of furniture; wall hangings; modern textwood-carvin- g, ; iles; 1 tapestries jangLeni - - broideries; "silver and work; pottery. "gold book-coveand bookand porcelains; binding, etc. The chairman of the Indus-- ' trial Department for the State is Miss Anna Roosevelt. This committee desires infor-- . : mation in regard to the number of wage-eanieor . women; also in those employed factories, shops and ; - needle-wroug- ht rs - . -- rs self-supporti- ng of-"fic- es; : "owning and- -- of the nations had lost their oracles as the nations had lost their liberty in Rome. Brought face to face in the Capital they had mutually destroyed the illusion of; their divinity, a vast void had ensued in the religious opinions of mankind a much similar condition existed at the birth-tim- e of Luther and marked the transition from the mediaeval for the modem era in European , The""corruptions and profligacy of the Roman Catholic Church was at its height. The celebrated and scandalous tax of indulgences, of which more - than - forty editions are extant, were in full operation, a mind of the least delicacy would be shocked at the repetition of the horrors therein contained. Incest was to cost if not detected five groscheji, if known or flagrant, sirT in -- educational institutions.. Miss Juliet Corson, the originator of the cooking-schoo- l, has tendered her services to the board of women managers free of charge, and once or twice a day will give a lecture with practical demonstrations. This exhibit will , be made in the Woman's Building. liiese are the two exhibits to which the women- managers of--N given" arxr ew-Ytjrkii- Ascertain .price., was 7. affixed to t up" to tliepresent time," but they are organizing several loan exhibits cbntrpjjybigJaimsn -- heir-greatest:ener- another to infanticide, adulterv. periurv. burglary &c. "Oh! Shame to Rome," exwhich will not only be of great intrinsic claims Clauthius of Espersa and we may k vice; as authors; as teachers; in value, but will form a means'pf education add "Oh! shame to human nature," for no and designing; in literary work, or in other to workers in the different branches of art. reproach can attach to Rome, which does ' lines. which they represent. . not recoil with equal force, on mankind in National labor statistics should furnish. While there is no definite scheme for a general. Boniface VIII. the boldest and better data for this work than could be obphilanthropic exhibit as yet, it is believed , most ambitious of. the Popes after Gregorytained from private and individual sources. that a few of the most prominent organiz- VII. effected still more than his predecess--; But the data concerning organizations and ations will be memorialized in a ors had done. He published a call by which way to insocieties of women have been added to the terest sight-seer- s and do credit to the founders lie declared to the . Church, that all who work of the National Industrial Department of the institutions. 1 ..... should at that time make the pilgrimage to by the national board, and , its jchairman, - ' The' reports, from the various judicial dis Rome, which should take place every hun' Mrs.'Helen M.' Barker, receives and desires tricts throughout the State are most en-- ,, dred years, should there receive plenInformation- respecting name; age, object, couraging. The women have managers ary indulgence. Upon this, ' multitudes, officers, membership, source of income, exin nearly all the flocked from organized Itajy, Sicily, Sardinia, Corsica, penditures. counties, and while there are not always France, Spain, I Germany,. and The Woman's Dormitory Association, of tangible-resultin the shape of applications other quarters. Old men ; Hungary, of sixty and which Mrs. Matilda B. Case, of Chicago, is for women's exhibits, interest is awakened it- seventy... set out :.on- the, ptlgrimage--au- t ' president, addresses itself to all single and and therein aJc walramputeHl2co;cco. visited - Rome in one ' women.Teir dollars buys everything that women "have done worthy month. All these foreigners, selfupporting brought with .S... ; r a share Which will be taken at any dormi . of being recorded. . them rich offerings, and the Pope and the tory of the association in payment for lodg The members of "the eii: useat-one-tileavorfirstrto otitaih the y the ayarice of the Pontiffs soon fixed the jubia single share. These shares will be transfeditors of local papers, for through them lee at intervals of fifty years. Afterward erable, and if the face value is not used by knowledge of the workings of the commit-- , at thirty three years, and at last at twenty-fivthe holder during her stay, it can be made tees and of the. share women are to have in Then for the greater con venience of the . over to another,, who can use the balance. the Exposition is best disseminated. The purchasers and, to increase the profits of the After the ten dollars; has been used, the JS'eiu Cycle . venders, they 'transferred both the jubilee share still stands on the books, credited to and its indulgences, front Rome to all the the holder, and she will be entitled to her THE REFORMATION, market places of Christendom;" what others pro rata . share of. the profits,, if a - surplus had been obliged ; to seek beyond the Alps remains after the enterprise is closed. . The Taken writhin its narrowest limits the each might obtain' at his own ' door.' rate per day will not exceed forty cents to. The evil was at its height, and then the Reperiod occupied by the great movement stockholders. Each person must engage known as the Protestant Reformation may former arose. The principle which was deher room at least one month before coming, be looked upon as commencing with the signed to govern Christianity had been lost. in order to be: sure of accommodation at closein to a To and set up a single caste as mediators 1545. year 1517 drawing that time, and in making application for It marks the transitional state from long between God and man, and to barter in stock must state what month, and what part established Catholicism to a recognized and exchange for. works and penances,' and gold; ' f that month she desires to make use of it. commenced it with Protestantism tne salvation treely given by God, such was growing The New York State board of women the teachings of Euther, wherein he rek, ropery. ;.x::-jmanagers have arranged for an exhibit of nounced much of the Catholic doctrine and To open wide to all, through the kitchen garden system at the World's lafer the assembling of the Councils of Trent Jesus Christ and without Fair. This system was founded by Miss raised an insuoerable barrier between the . mediators, and without that any earthly power that Emily Huntington at the .Wilson Industrial communion of Rome and the Churches of called itself the Church; free access to the -- Such-wa: School, 125, St. Mark's Place, New York. Protestantism. From that time' each com-gift; of rGod3 City, a few years ago, and is in. operation munion possessed its distinctive organization Christianity,and such was the Reformation. 1 at the present time this? couhtrv the faith and and formulary of struggles Popery interposes the Church between r By its means little children are taught how ; which subsequently took place between God and man. to do all kindsof housework ;. from Christianity and the Reformation brings V washing, Romanism and Protestantism represent dishes to dusting a room and making beds, r 7 :v ? f nut so much endeavors to bring about, or tod; and jnan face to face. and this teaching " resist refoim but endeavoTsonbe part of . Potery separates-mafrom Godrthe goes on to the ' brine about the de pel reunites thern such were . some of the so that itis like each communion struction of the other, and the contest which teachings of Euther. ; piay.; Theexhibit will hm;irte in the Children's Luther initiated resulted incomplete and Euther was" bora on the ; tenth day of November 1433, on St. Martin's Eve at Building, where not only all the furnishings irreparable rupture between the co?ilending Eisleben, Germany; The next day the father, :' Jd paraphernalia of a kitchen garden will parties. d aithoy-andgratituJhmi was world the shown, but where at stated hours The tottering:oaJltsQld children themselves wingothrougnTiie ex-- - datibns when Christianity appeared,' the reSt. Peter's Church, they named him Martin etClsesand thll4 mst-pri rrnptirj1 pvhibit. ligion which had sufficed for an earlier time, All things were ready God who miuoTof tsSfef prepares an exnibition ot two hundrea the existing generation could no longer his work for ages accomplishes it when the on the floor"at one time. tabernacle in the convenient forms; the gods iiSecBne; gaged in mining; in horticulture and floriculture; in the professions; in .domestic ser- - art-wor- ' 1 . -- - - . " - sub-committe- es s - -- - . sub-committ- ineMlls,-Jwapersonsma- mt ee j.imaiis-,sawiieir-colters-i-eplenishedrth- e" co-operati- ... , e. - -- -- -- . . , ,, :. - X. . all-ov- er, -- " . accompani-5ienLof.appropria- te . n ' ; " -- , -- BmmMJH- -- 