WOMAN'S EXPONENT. more embrace the Gospel, before the judg-- ' ments of. God are poured out upon the R. S. REPORT. nations .of. the earth. Girls, appreciate your Mountain home. Appreciate your dear, good parents, and your peaceful surroundings, and last, but not least, appreciate and take advantage of the privilege you have of learning of the ways of God. With kind love, and a "Happy New Year"- to all, in which Bro. Hilton joins,. I. remain your sister in the Gospel of peace - . .. 119 SNOWl' ' .1 KK. V Editor Woman's Exponent: : The Relief Society Conference of the Snowflake Stake was held at Snowflake Nov.. 26th, 1892 President Emma S. Smith-presidin- g. After the usual opening exercises Prest. umma o. bmith addressed the conference, felt thankful that conference time had rolled McMurkin .Hilton. Sarah . around again. Spoke at some length on the Dec. 29th, 1 S92. of principle faith, and said "as it is a gift from Heaven it should be carefully cultivated." Urged the mothers to be more dilU. W. P. CLUB. igent in attending to their duties, especially club session of the convened in regard to their children, and The monthly hoped we 'nt the Tnti would always be found strengthening the 11st. iSoVat the usual hour. Vice Prest. right side. Coini; Sarah Driggs"Tnade remarks; business having been disposed Spoke of our duties in looking after the preliminary ot tiie loiiowing programme was rendered. poor, but felt as Bro. Kimball used to say, First an interesting and instructive prose that the better way is to provide labor and , article on "the important events of the close pay them for it. Encouraged parents to C. renrl It nf 1802" written and hv properly .care for their children and see that Wells. Second, a descriptive poem, "The they behave well in company. Old Family Bible," E. S. Dickinson. Mary Sister JeminaW. Smith bore testimonv A. Freeze then ready "A Reverie" from the to the truth of this work and said "if we are pen of Eilhe 1. rreeze. Gladys Wood- - humble and prayerful our trials will be over-rule- d ILldU.- - lttUH-IUV, WlllAiUJ Willi. 11131.1 U." for our good." mental music, followed by the reading of a Sister Ellen Sainsbury reported the society letter from Elfis R. Shipp M. D. descripof Tuba City. They are striving to live as tive of her college life and pleasures, etc. the Gospel requires. Had. never, investwritten in her usually easy,, and pleasing igated; any other religion Jor.she had felt " ' manner perfectly satisfied with our Own. Eula G. Richards contributed a poem enSister Eily white reported the society of titled "Wheat" which she read to the Woodruff, meetings were well attended, the club. testimony meetings in particular, and all The meeting was then thrown open for were trying to do right. : Exhorted the discussion on various topics. 7 parents to attend "the Sabbath Schools and The following committee was then voted Primaries and keep a watchful care oyer i - ' . . OMAN-S-ExPONENTnarlors - over the fire: Was glad to see the improvement, for instead of doing so much unnecessary work we can study and improve our minds, lhe Eord wants his daughters educated. Expressed her gratitude that the Relief Society Hall was completed; it has been built by the sisters of Snowflake with five cent donations. Great praise is due to Sister Drives who hns so fatthfnllv executed her duties, as business manager. Also to Sister Flake and treasurer Sister Fanny J. Willis. ' Remarks were also made by Coun. Sarah Driggs, Ida H. Udall, Phebe Kartchner, May II. Larson, Dena Willis, Ellen Sainsbury and Annie Kartchner. The Holy Spirit was abundantly poured put upon tliespeakers and - the- various sub- - . - cfr-rr-t . rr lion 1irt ii- - "o'-"v-i4- 'present: A 'A t1i "ntXLiU. C tl iA Z. IrtlH tVWU UCMIC3 Ul XU11 " " " I Della Fish, Stake Sec. R. S. PHIEEIPS BROOKS. - So many sorrowful and affectionate tributes will be paid to the memory of this beloved pastor and prelate that it may almost seem superfluous for us to add to their number. But the roses and violets which we bring to the funeral rites of our dear ones are for ourselves, not for them, walking in the asphodel of heaven. It is our debt which-wrecognize in .these fond, sad offerings. Something we must bring to express the love and sorrow which we fee1.. At the ceremonies of his interment on Thursday, every beautiful device that florist or friend could achieve combined to make visible the glory of the perishable, f imaging with brief splendor the preciousness of forms that are only lent to us for a ' timer" :;their4ittle:oiiesF: to be lost from sense and seen no more. N. V. Davis would be practicable, a native Sister Ann Brewer gave a brief report of The flowers, too, image' for us the love stone. in a setting of gold,- soas to allow." me nneoaie society and said it --we never which has its root deep in Nature: "as they ' IT WT T f4- ' shrink a Ctvar while after a we will become duty and to obtain particulars regarding the cost like Nephi of old, believing we can do all have theirs in earth. In the eeneral ovation . if we may use the word, which is offered etc. of the same. Committee Ruth M. Fox, tilings we are required to do, and our childto the memory of the dead saint, the JourE. S. Dickinson, N. V. Davis and E. G. ren cannot fail to imbibe the same faith. nal has its own especial word to say. The societies of Showlow and Snowflake Richards, moved' that each member conPhillips Brooks, like almost every eminent sider an appropriate motto for the club, and were reported by Sisters Mc'Niel and Mary philanthropist of the last forty years, was a come prepared to report on the same at the J. West. woman suffragist. When the social Sister Celia Hunt felt thankful to meet February meeting. of our own reform wn s n t i t Moved that each member who does not, with an - absence"of isdmethinsrwer did he not hesitate to affix his name," consider the motto, and come prepared to eight 'ears. While she had been away the height, and the weight that went , with it, to the report on the same at the. next meeting, Ivord had blessed her. abundantly and she petition (one of many) which we were then shall be subject to a fine of twenty five could testify that He will always be a father-t- o about to present to the Massachusetts r; cents. Both motions were seconded, put ' the fatherless, asking for the political enfran- to the house and unanimously carried. Prest. Eorenzo H. Hatch then addressed .Eegislature, chisement of women. So may his petitions E. S. i Dickinson extended an invitation the conference. Was grati fied with the rebe heard before the throne to which our to the club to accept of her hospitalities on marks of the sisters. Thev certainlv are thoughts aspire in recallincr him! A little St.: Valentine's Eve, Feb. 13th, which inviimproving. It is impossible to please the later, when the voice of weeping is hushed, tation was duly acknowledged and accepted. Uord and stand still. We expect tnouiation it will be pleasant and profitable to recall The following programme for Feb." 28th, and are not disappointed in that respect. his good deeds in detail, and to dwell upon was then read. said and faith of the Spoke upon subject his individual merits. the wound Roll call to be responded to with sentithe sisters should be encouraged in their is too painful. We can only bow to the ments from the writings of Ella Wheeler labors. sudden bereavement, blessing: the Providence Wilcox. In the evening there was a meeting held TrrTiirTi An article from Augusta J. i rrtTro i n. t i auiric, io iiiv.il gav,,.tcu rne Crocheron.: Ella Hyde, selected; article. in the Society Hall, a neat brick building world this true shebherd and Bih on nf cnitlc the sisters of Snowflake. this apostle who could reconcile even" the M A.BFreezerf .recently erected-- b ' ayTrestQn,song 'Women in Journalism. ' ' Prest. Emma S. Smith said we now have differences of Christendom, as hard to Josephine. Snptirvor- fM, -- i i r ln mia room in the upper part of this house set reconcile, perhaps, as any, through the rent Magazines. in. Our to for the sisters prayers largeness of his Christ-lik- e M. A. Y. Greenhalgh, apart pray spirit, his faith met to in an we have been when answered have was proongmal article. Benediction tmugs di vine, his chanty for all things nounced. pray for the sick and we should be thankful human. Juwa Ward Howe. Refreshments were then served and the that we have this privilege. Woman'' s foiirnal. usual pleasant chat and social enjoyment Spoke of the manner in which our young excelfollowed until the finger of time people are led astray and gave some warning NOTES AND NEWS. bade the club lent advice in regard to keeping them in the disperse. Critic, Miss, N. V. Davis. MrsJlk Dr. Emily Kkmpin is the editor of a uc ana Miss May Preston were voted Sister Mary J. West compared our conhew paper lor wome"n, jiist siarteclm Zurich dition to day With the time when our mothRembers.oLihe club ers sat at the spinning . wheel and" cooked Switzerland. Gijvdys Woodmansee Rec. Sec. . U . e " 1 , . - " frr-.iVio.fcf- -- e 4-- un-PODular- itv . . -i- ts-after N , To-da- y, X . - - 1 v - . ', 