WOMAN'S EXPONENT .sriiEKKOF . wom.-V:;- WOMAN'S Shikke! ' - All th . .. . I hesitate for I can scarcely ' '' uy A of r 27 lueir ume ana place but make that life UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. fX 7ws warm enrich feveuase,deep How summer Tun University of Utah is now in a delightful it most excellent condition. It has been, a sometimes is to ihrow aside the cares and continued effort on the part of the Regents wornesof the lay and take a lonely, ram- - to put the University on equal standing We. ' I wonder not at woman, thejife of the natural-i- s with the majority of other like institutions , I only wonder that all her true with illumine sympathy And rugged path ..mankind do not in the United States and they have now take more to such a life. It would " make of woman succeeded in to let her light shine us' doing so. yes tii the riht better I am sure for at every so forth, Important additions to its forces have , r much of wonder and of interest-bes- et step us been its made for the coming school year. Dr. and emulate her worthy beauty, So all may see 1 he world so busy or at least the is people James E. Talmage, a graduate of Lehi Not by aggressive words, and clamoring f . .ame of the world and they all are nisrltncr University, and a well known educator of ac- But by her nooie actions sne wins each An other .against Joking, a ' mad jrush our Territory, has been appointed Professor claim.. wealth, monev: and vet of Metallurgy and Biology. Joseph F. a heritage hath ihe very things in life we give our Woman with' her brother-ma- n Merrill, a graduate of Ann Arbor and a " for It has been possible to live money gained, where student in Chemistry at Cornell University The earth, the sea and elements contained money was seldom or never seen and to live whose chemical laboratories are the finest in Are theirs, to use for good.all for a worthy end; comfortably and well. God has provided the United States, is to do part of the work this beautiful earth with a rich abundance in Chemistrr as Assistant Professor. With many other gifts our Father's mercies send. Byron of for our and everything a requirements, Cumming; graduate of the Oswego Nor So she should wiser grow, and setk to cultivate a e man ana mal school and also of Rutger's College ingenuity-navLuuugiit The powers of her mind,and ev'ry heavenly traitt, taught: us how to use them. Are we grateful and who has been a successful educator for Intelligence and truth should fi the pliant meld; for the enough manv; things we have. If a number of years, is to assist in Latin and Extending to its utmost; Fossibnitics untold! so why are we always longing and seeking English. William D. Neal, who has been ' raise voice her a just caue to " for more. I seldom or never sit at table Tjis her right to work at Cornell doing fend; but before anything is partaken of grace is University, is to assist in Geology and Let kindness, love and mrcy in all her actions pronounced on the food, and I wonder if Mineralogy. Joseph P. White, who has those who sit around the board ever think been doing blend, work at Cornell To aid the weak, soothe the sick arsd cheer the that of its sacredness. during grace University in Physics and Mathematics will ' sadden'd heart We are so early taught about the thought give some of his time in doing work for the And pure refining; virtues to every soul impart. we must exercise when partaking of the mathematical department besides carrying sacrament, and how much it means to us,' on the work he has heretofore done in Again it is her right to aid in forming laws but are we so often, or so carefully taught Physics. ' By which her sex is judged, in the one great comto seriously consider grace before eating. All of the departments will be greatly mon cause; 1? i i iear no: anu in many nomes it is out a strengthened by these accessions, as each To cast her vote (or hottest men in national affairs form quickly and thoughtlessly gone man named has been selected on account of Thus 'purifying politics, while she the burden through with, thaJeatingjiay begin. his unusual fitness for the position to which shares. StillTn that jdTvinest of all prayers we are has been appointed. n But of all for rights that womarJcfnd posour daily bread The faculty of the University has thus taught to ask the Lord sesses is and feeling through that, that he the been increased and its standard has been Is that of wife and mother. Think how to of it Giver never we ought with raised to a position that must command the many partake homes she blesses out offering Him our thanks "and praise, respect of all intelligent persons. No With her tender love. Tis her lot to live not in a meaningless way but with our degree in any course is given except for others! four years of actual work. It is the purwhole hearts. Divine unselfishness! Ah! these r.ob!e wives and An eastern paper devotes two whole pose of the University authorities to exert mothers. columns telling about giving away an old an jnfluence toward elevating the standard baby carriage to a family because the little of work done in our Territory, for which Just one more right Fd mention on this auspicious . girl had to lend it so much, I know a lady degrees may be issued and it is sincerely day, who did the very same thing not long ago hoped that all- - educators will cooperate in The right to love each other, and kindly tributes and never thought any more about it either; promoting ah object of such great impor- pay. ; no w if tauce. ; .bow easy- it is to - become TZ TT"irTTZrT7"C.Engage in social converse, enjoy a sweet comwill The University, she had only worked that through a open Sept. iSth. munion, first two or three days, comthe Let heart come close to might have had a column written During heart, and angels join ' our union. mencing at 9 a. m. entrance examinations about her and perhaps one of those beauti . ful cuts to accompany it, but true charity will take place. The prospects are that the Ellis R. Shift. bait Lake City Aug. 14, does not seek public approbation, it comes University will be crowded with earnest, from the heart and is as spontaneous and industrious students from all parts of the as a baby's smile ., without a thought Territory. simple PASSING THOUGHTS. of what may follow. How many thousand MISCELLANEOUS. deeds of kindness and love could one perr v u Tn The form.' Daily opportunities occur for us poets rhapsodize over the beautiful S The way to do a great thing is never to and it makes one better When the day is all time and the mouths of violets, daisies and to feel some one has been made the neglect any little thing. spent roses, and people say let us prepare for the Temperance is a tree that has content--meour kindness, be it in words or by happier dreadful summer by seeking the mountains, for its root and peace for its fruit. deeds. Could a record be kept of the litor cooler climates,but can any one find fault tle kindnesses and courtesies most mothers WE attract hearts by the qualitiesWe with this The think in a I delightful ripe August day and house wives preform display; we retain them by the qualities t asto almost be and cool would is morning we possess. Suard. quite evening air these estimable persons chilliness and the rich sunshine of the day Perfect valor consists in doing without tonished,. and perhaps it is Deuer uiai uicy out ripens the fruits and the our for one's of witnesses all we should be capable of doing' grains do not know for a knowledge gleaning. A walk by the meadows, where charity is likely to- - curb it .or at least to before the whole world. Rochefoucauld,! the air is fragrant with the new down bay cause the hitherto unselfish 'nature some Poetry is the breath and finer spirit of where the silken tassels of the com wave to as Jesus live, beautiful conceit. How all knowledge; it isthe impassioned exi the summer know hand left harvester the the and not breeze, pression which is the countenance of all taught. "Let reaps the golden grain where the music of what the Camelia. hand giveth. ... science. Wordsworth. right the birds, the brooks and the winds ger.tle A father inquires whether his boy greets one on every side, the soul is filled Wlth sublimest Mrs. William Claflin. of feoston, can construe Homer, or understand Horace, and beautiful thoughts nature draws one near to nature's God. whose guest the poet Whittier usually was but how seldom does he ask, or examine or think whether he can restrain his passions, has prepared an atOne feels as full of thanks and praise to the when he was in town, reminiscences whether he is grateful, generous, humane, heavenly Father as the fiejd is fell of grain tractive volume of personal compassionate just.and benevolent. Lady D, Proctor, has conand one wonders with such abundance on of him. Miss Edna v Hervey. tributed a fine poem. very side how man can e'er - complain. hope- " That I may courage find, with this reat theme to cope, yet who more sure (o comprehend her hope than . . ; . j ' - L wp't wiiL-cu- t " " - W 1 de-.'- post-gradua- te . . . . 3 post-gradua- te " ' 1 T-- --h- God-give- fr . . . ' . - ' -- - -- -- ine - news-paper,s- he ' i3. nt 1 " e 