too WOMAN'S EXPONENT. was of any interest to her, for therein was con tained everything that was pure ' and noble and calculated lb exaet the human family. At the meeting held in March she was in. her accustomed "place, but when the ladies met in April one month later, and was informed that she had died that morning, the deepest sympathy was felt by all possibility of.. seeing his own faults. So busy with" the faults of others he, has no r time to attend to his own; (Like all elements of character, fault-finthing, and then mg starts as a very-littl- e The habit of criticising friends, grows. neighbors, people at church, the preacher all these are the beginning of the chronic education. A genuine, Chriswill soon ; tianized love for one's fellow-me- n so tender, so gentle, like a little child, it seems, and every bud- on the trees, every leaf, every blade of grass is tenderly watched for, do. they not refresh the sight after the long cold barren winter. How eagerly we' listen for the first sweet notes of the "meadow lark" and how gently we turn the soil for the first sight of the fragrant violet, then to rejoice when the dark green leaves. and fair purple blossoms of the stately i d . fault-finder- MARY MISCEIXANKOUS. . 's T fault-finding;-" ERICKSEN. . Once more we are called upon to record the death of one of our young ladies, who died Nov. No wound can be so deep as the one 24, 1S92, Mary E. Ericksen. She was born at Round Valley, Morgan County, September 16, inflicted by a friend. 1S74, and was at the time of her death "eighteen years two- months' and' eight day's old.. UivTTiCK three hours too soon than one Desceased was a member of the Church of Jesus minute too late. Shakspeare; Chi ist .f Latter-daSaints and a teacher in the was she the daughter of Michael School, Sunday The supreme fall of falls is this the. and E. death caused a cloud her Ericksen; Mary doubt of one's self. Countess de Gasparinr- of glorfm to come over us; and at the Sunday School of respect were adopted. reso'utions vanis makes the It our own vanity that in Resolutions memory of Mary . E. Ericksen ity of others intolerable to us. Rochefouwho departed this life Nov. 24, 1892 cauld; Whereas, an All wise Providence has in his wisdom in a sudden and unexpected manner taken Slanders are like flies that pass over a from and our midstby sister and man's good parts to light upon his sores:Miss Ericksen, and Rule of Life. Whereas: we the members of the Willard Sabbath school, while humbly submitting to the TiiK love that has no form of expression win 01 neaven leei it a duty to xpress our apbe and is but it of her labors and our sorrow at her true, practivery deep preciation 4iiay ' useless. seemingly untimely death. cally Resolved I. that the faithfulness and energy A woman's,, sympathy, instead of scorn, manifested by her in her labors in the Sunday should go out to one of her own sex who School, Y. L. M. I. A. Choir, and the Ward be held in grateful remembrance. has gone wrong. Resolved II that in her death this Sunday. School has be-ill be will an It deprived of one of its faithful day when we are so enteachers and the Ward of one of its promising, in gaged seeking lost sheep that we forget members. the lambs. Spurgeon. Resolved III. that we share the heavy burden of sorrow which weighs upon her relatives, and I suppose it's a bit hard to think 's extend to them our heartfelt sympathy in the sad over and gone in our lives; and bereavement. ' there's a parting at the rotof all our joy. Resolved IV. that these resolutiors be kept in the .... record of the Sunday School and that conies Eliot. George J n oe to nerj)artvancijolnesent - O tin Hi I . v A r 1i....n. uuu ior puDiicauon V'TIT 1IT T - fiHfiltfTf las I. Chandler. Ellen Ward and uuuujr, complacency of temper outlive all the- - jane uuouaru, vommmee. charm s of a fi ue Jace, and - make t he deca vs ''We mi 's thee from duFh me Vlear;" of it invisible. Tatler. '. We mUs thee from thy place, . A shadow o'er our life is cast, CiiAiaTY is a principle of prevailing love We miss the sunshine of thy face. to God and good will to men which effectuWe miss thy kind and willing hand, Thy fond and earnest care, ally, inclines one endued with it to glorify Our home is dark without thee God and to do good to others. Gruden. We miss thee everywhere. Sincerity is to speak as we think, bePeaceful be; thy silent slumber, lieve as we pretend, act as. we profess, perPeaceful in thy grave so low. form as we promise, and j;eally be what Thou no more wil join our number, jre Thou no more our sorrows know. wouldeem"alK3;lippeaT to be. Rule of Yet again we hope to meet thee, Life. When the day of life is fled; And in Heaven with joy to greet thee. Children have always a sympathy in Where no farewell tears are shed."' the agitations of those connected with theni; - y present. She embraced all the principles of the Gospel as far asMhey were revealed to her, truly she could say, I have finished the work Thou didst set me to do. Funeral services were held at the family. residence, there was a large attendance of relatives and friends to take part in the last sad riles of ' the dear 'departed one. The remarks of those who spoke were very consoling to the bereaved family. The remains were laid to rest in the ward cemetery there to' await the resurrection of the ' just. ' , The members of the Relief Society extend their heart felt sympathy to relatives and friends. There is consolation beyond the grave.the promise of eternal life to those who love and serve the Lord and obey His commandments. .' - Coux. ; - - - death-our-belov- - ri E H UGH ES CA N NON, Office: II South, First West Street. Office practice for Disease- - of Women from until 4 p. m. 2 ed col-ahor- er rau -- any-thing- -- i, f list's Keeps on Iland DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- POISE WAISTS, ETC. Ores maklngr In all its branches, Millinery, . n w-iuuuu- MAT DOCTOR late slyles, Hats and Konneta cleaned and retrimmed Feathers curled, etc. Stamping dorc to order. But tons covered while you wait. JBnrial Salts a Specially No. 41 S. ' WEST TEMPLE STREET, Bros. Opp. Graut MRS. M. E. VAN. Stables. M; D. HAS REMOVED her office, from Constitution Building to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Office hours, 2 to 4 p nv -- fxTlff A Q 26, 28, 30 and 32 East i st Soutli St. , 1 ' renutation. j 2 j i One of the easiest things in the world is ij Jauit, aim liu )iuv.c iUC lUUrc SO opportunities for doing-s- o as in the home. There are so many little things occuriug daily in any good-sizefamily; such as misplacing a garment, leaving a door ajar, and a thousand and one trivial things that readily provoke the Few people would be willing to answer 'present" to the roll call of d fault-finde- r. fault-finder- s. so; insidious istlie:ugjy faultehen-ied, OTweofmect that it blinds its victim to the -- The, M. always, especially, a sense of any trouble or impending revolution, of whatever kind, in domestic circumstances Hawthorne. noblest contribution which any man can make for the benefit of posterity is that of a good character the richest bequest which any man can leave to the youth of his native laud is that of a shining, spotless SALT LAKE CITY. OBITUARY. ; DlED .?t Mill Creek WardApril ,11th,. 1803, Ann, wife of Patriarch Washington Lemmon , daughter of John and Hannah Cook, born Dec' 1819, in Newthorpe, Nottinghamshire, Engl to. Utah in 1S53. Raided in iai!fx t Lake Cuy till the year 1S60 then removed Mill Creek Ward where she resided until to her .. death. In Aug: 1877, she was chosen Counselor in the R- June 24th, 1 8S0. . When the Primary was first organized in the ward, she was elected Resident xffthe first District the first held until her demise, from the latter position by her request, she was honorably released Mav 1S90, on account of failing health, in each of these positions, she was faithful in the performance of her duties. Sister Lemmon was very much interested in Primary work, the children loved her and felt grieved when she resigned. .trie Relief bocieTy will feel the loss of thk rW Leading Retail Gash Hons rv 29th .grated -.- P-X- As-sociati- on -- pTincouragenicnt, many times she has said P ;.J A.TS,T3 - CO. -- . TINNERS CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS AKeni for RDM8EYS celebrated UFTand FOK i FUMPb. PanapB Repaired on short notice. Orders iv v Pmmotly responded to, DAVID JAMES, Box. 306. Salt Lake City Dr. Maggie C. SHipr,-wi- ll comnieuce her summer class in Obstetrics and Nursing Oee and" resideiceIast, 5th. outh 