WOMANS EXPONfefJf. 122 once more; some anxiety was manifest about the absent ones Mr. Harrison and Clair, this was the only thing that disturbed the evenness of the sweet spring time, 7 In the settlement ofthe Walton estate all had been most satisfactory, Anna's health wasimproving: daily and little Edward was u:ia a very pruiuiMug unu. One evening when Dr. and Mrs. Bland were at Walton Hall the conversation ... uie I 3 t A.. eveiiu mui iuiu. uuiibpireu lurneu upon i1. since "Cousin Jane" had taken up her residence at the Castle, and Mrs." Bland ended by saying, ' what will come next I wonder, somehow it seems to me the quiet we are having now only presages a storm, l m. l cuange. fi some important uu novfsay that," all the party exclaimed at once, 'you are such a prophet." "Surely only good can come after the sorrow that has been," said Lady Walton, "but perhaps it is my going away that is in the wind, though I have not breathed it to any one, I have fully determined to zo to Italy . ' ' ,1 1 !V ou. are. not . goingJto leave- us so soon with this gloom hanging over us from said the son adthe recent bereavement: his mother. dressing "Unless you decide to go with me I certainly shall, for my health is failing, the strain upon me, with one shock after another is telling, and I want to regain my former vigor and elasticity of spirits, and for years I have longed to go, now my desire can be gratified I am my own misstress," and the lady burst into tears in spite of her characterAnd :sathey separated istic for the night, with some misgivings about the future, because of the sadness thatper-Tade- d the company when even a temporary breaking up ofthe family circle was alluded to. .Lrady Walton had but few preparations to make for her journey, and only a few .days following the conversation jon the subject left" for Italy taking "with" "Her a lady friend as companion,one with whom she had formerly been intimate, a maid and an at-- " tendant who had traveled much with his master (Lord Walton) in foreign parts. , 1 A " i -- .1"'- A. - . self-possessio- n.- UTAH CO. W. S. A. v ivr iime convention m rrovo recently, A . . new officers were chosen, for the W. S. A. the" coming year. Mrs. Patten announced to the ladies the object of the meeting and Mrs. S. A. Graham was nominated as temporary secretary and the business was then proceeded 1 Mrs. Harrison, Mrs." M. K. Nelson and Mrs. D. Billings, executive committee. Mrs. Bullock read from an eastern paper, and made some interesting remarks in favor of suffrage. The" meeting took a recess until 2 o'clock and the members enjoyed the dinner that, was prepared in the Vestry, after which the executive committee reported that they had. chosen Mrs.-E.-Bennett, as chairman. The afternoon session commenced at 2 o'clock in the vestry of the old, tabernacle. Meeting was opened by singing, prayer by Mrs S. Guff, and singing. Minutes of last meeting were read and accepted) and report of the local "organization also read and accepted. A financial report of the last year was also read and approved; also a monthly paper was read by the editor, Mrs. M. A. Till. A vote of thanks was also rendered her for the able way that she edited the moer. and she was chosen as j editor for the coming year. -- The names of the officers of the association were put beJ. Mrs. M. John suggested that the officers of last year be voted to hold the same offices. .Mrs. E. Bullock stated that she endorsed the sentiments of Mrs. John.. Mrs. H. Horrocks moved that Mrs. J. H. Patten be nominated as president for the coming year. Mrs. Bullock put it before the meeting for acceptance which was carried unanimously. Mrs. A. K. Smoot made some very good w sunrage, alter 66wuwus iu which President Patten, then took the chair . itm ji state and territory in this cbiintryi dud" to" every legislative body in the world; and that we request the press throughout the civilized world to call the attention of to these resolutions." then-reade- rs NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN. members of the Board of general officers of the National Council feel that The tliev have Gained, in the new Viee-- f resi dent of theorganizatfo Mrs, Frances E. Bagleyof Detroit, an enthusiastic and able . its five eeneral officers who hold their j positions by election of the representatives W. S. A. SOUTH BOUNTIFUL. Council, none are themselves representatives comprehension of the idea and scope of the Council, and great faith in its future as well as a deep sympathy with its general work. It is an advantage to the Council that, of of any of the thirteen organizations In membership in the Council. The Council Editor Woman's Exponent. Tins Woman's Suffrage Association of is at liberty to select its geiiefi officers' South Bountiful, was reorganized Feb. 13th without regard to their official connection with its members. This leaves its officers 1893, a$ follows, for the coming year. Pres. Rose Ellen Hatch, First Vice free to devote their thoughts nd energies Pres. Sarah A. Howard, Second Vice Pres. to the general good of the whole body and Maria T. Hatch, Third Vice Pres. vEmma they daJiot.Iiave:1tofeel that in: so doing they are neglecting the interests of any one Moss," Cor. Sec Augusta Joyce Crocheron. as would be the case were they Sec. Jane A. Hatch, Treas. Sarah P. Moss, organization, C .IJ i1 T J xiuxu ocict-tcanu me irresiucuts Chairman .Ex. Com. Phebe uiuuug Hales, Associations the of which make Members Eveline Benson, Mary Ann Page, Delegates Council National the of the of Women up Eliza Nelson, Sarah A. Atkinson. --United-States:" - Auditors, - WmrPager SamuelHowardi ' . , -- 1- u ' -- Pres. Lucy A. Clark and Mrs. Mary Clark of Farmington were present, and three new members' joined. All present in turn addressed the meeting, congratulating the retiring officers upon the success of the organization during the - past year and predicting an equal ' advance for the coming one. 1 Augusta Joyce Crocheron. -- WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE ENDORSED: The following is an extract from the North Western Ltve Stock Journal of Cheyenne of the 17th." inst Yesterday afternoon Mr. Hurd of bvanston, introduced the following joint resolution and it passed the house as it will most hkely the senate to unanimously, day. The Demo. crat takes pleasure m concurring and seconding a demand for the universalenfranchisement of v women. The resolution is as follows:" 0 : 1 i - rtiiu. lULcresLing ts tury, ; Cor. Sec. N. C. W. ladies of " the Salt "Lake County World's Fair board desire to express through the papers their appreciation of the very liberal contributions received for the lunches, recently given to raise means for the Utah exhibit at the Columbian exposition, from the following firms: Mr. Porter of the Templeton, Globe Bakery, C. B. Durst, Wasatch Meat Market, Wiscombe and Co., Webb and Feveryear, Findley Brooks, W. L. Price and Co., Bar-loand Thompson, Glenfield and Co., Kahn Bros., Hanson and Co. and clerks. Z. C. M. I. Cunnington and Co., G. L. The ;. Cor. Sec'y."r RacheI Foster Avery, ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. , suf-frag- vice-presiden- j-- - the meeting foracceptance. The president then called Mrs. Ash. worth to sing, which she did in a very able manner. The speakers were Mrs. A. K ' Smoot, Mrs. M. Daniels, Mrs. L. McBride and Mrs. Rw Doolan. They gave lengthy and interesting remarks. Meeting then adjourned - for one month. Benediction by Mrs. S. Goodman. S. A. Graham, Sec. fore- 'Beit resolved by the second legislature of the state of Wyoming. remarks. suggested by the ladies possession and exercise of e to give the- - president power "to choose her the women by in own Wyoming for the and other officers. of past quarter has V wrought no The President made the following choice: harm and has dore great good in Mrs. S. A. Graham, secretary, and Mrs. M many wayS1 that it has largely aided in banishOlson, assistant; Mrs. J. B. Snyder, Mrs! ing crime, pauperism and vice from the iuc, vice- - state, and that without- ii any violent or opMrs. Doolan, Mrs. Devey presidents. legislation: pressive that it h ,1a Mrs.B. J. Bennett, Mrs. M. Horrocks' ment and a remarkable degree of civilizar w. It was , x ' - Willi. tion and public order, and we point with oride to the facts that, after nearly twentv. five years of woman suffrage not one county in Wyoming has a poor house, that our jails are almost empty and crime; except that committed by strangers in the state, almost unknown, and as the result of experience we urge every civilized community on earth to enfranchise its "women without delay. Resolved, that an authenticated copy of ' . j ii .t uc iui waiucu uy tne goverinese resolutions to the nor of the state legislature of every, w Davis, -- Goldbur nd Simonr Tlebworth and Sons, Eclipse, John McDonald, II. Sherwood, Knight and Co., Deseret Meat Market, Hobbs Creamery, W. S. Henderson, DavidJames and Co,i -- French Steam and Hand Laundry. : y We also feel very grateful to Mr. Bechtol for tendering us the use of the Walker House cafe, and for numerous other courtesies; and to all the ladies who contributed pr rendered assistance. We take this op- ' portunity of thanking the Deseret Evening News, and 'alwaJslSa'tiie space'Tin' their papers the -- ' kdies desired for V.orlds Fair work-- . " . Zemto,MY - . 