13d WOMAN S EXPONENT. great. An idle genius makes the man no better than no genius afall. Fair and how nice it would be if an exhibit could; be made at Conference time that the visitors from the different counties .might see what their neighbors have been doing, but this w ill be impossible as before the coming conference, - the - articles must be shipped to Chicago but the Extonknt will endeavor to write a description of these be after time shall have ceased, and must ever continue in the midst of an endless increase. . -- i v The readers of the Exponicnt we know Any young man who would attempt to are mostly mothers and wives, who have build his house and home upon any other so many cares connected with those loved foundation, would not be worthy of the love offices that little time is allowed them for hand and heart, of one of the fair daut ' reading.and what a sweet rest it is. some. 01 uou. times when the baby is being nursed to beautiful its that readers know things may Here iirthis relation are found all the en. sleep, to pick up the paper and read some what Utah women are doing for the dearments lingering in those heavenly bright notes about what other women are World's Fair. Cameua. words of Mother, Home and Heaven in doing or perhaps read in the meantime which are found all that is sacred lo'va-bl- e FAMILY RELATIONS. something about the home decoration, the or can be desired by any soul to which table setting the nursery, thejcitchen, the the spirit of God giveth understanding. fS. V. RICHARDS.! laundry, and thus many little, items may be learned in a few moments to lighten the ui ziua wuy win give heed to . Family relations! What of them: x - jLiicuuui .labor and brighten the home. : nebe .Much every way. In them are embodied important trutns, need never be 111 the condltion those were found woman once said to me, "I spent so many all hopes worth cherishing: all to whom joys worth "the dollars and a number of long afternoons contemplating: aU loves that are was Paul Apostle speaking, when he enduringtold time a was tlremthe short when they attending cooking school and after all the and all labors that shall determine and things I learned never amounted to much I secure the desired reward of everlasting w. had wives should be as though they , had nnnp J rind. n; nur iumvio fatlmro unu find my own kitchen the : best nA tuu Aaiicttiuiib .iu ...1 orl liiuiiiers litc auu wiiieii tnosei cooking "vj school in the World," and of course the lives are lawful heirs 'have been who passed from earth before trip ' remark was true just as she might is in these relations the soul of man i'riestnood came to them, and they were spend as J many dollars taking music lessons, and finds its powers of developments Its loves taught the eternity of God's wavs. - TW then find her piano the best professor after its sympathies, its tenderest covenants of marriage were only for time emotions, pas"all. It is the practice that makes perfect, sion subdued and the natural man putting and when either party had passed its portals and in order to cook meats, make light bread on the divinity of the Gods; all are found the covenant and all its consequences came delicious desserts one must have practice deeply rooted and flourishing in. their to an end. No possible hope of its renewal and a great deal of it. The cooking school growth, where family ties bind. soul to soul lingered with them by which the powers must be considered only as the preceptor, and two are one. and blessings of a reunion should be theirs but do you know my dear readers that these The maiden of tender- - years -- looks for- in and after the resurrection. There were schools are now quite a fad among fashionno eternal considerations attached to their ward to the anticipated time when the joys able women and in the large cities east; the of wedded life shall be hers. The covenant. It was only made to have force manly beautiful parlors of the most wenlthv youth who would honor the laws of his be- - 'till death should seoarate and d men are used as lecture rooms, where a most seeks most reverently the aid of his gloried in" its power of divorce, rending a- ing, ' proficient house keeper tells her lady frieiidt appointed "help meet" in tlie relation named; sunder those ties designed to be like Him how to concoct dainty and savory dishes tiivii iuo us unniy joined as Who ordained them eternal and everlasting; for their tables: now and what is more terrible, if anything can surely time is not their hands and hearts, thev enter wasted, on ,these afternoons, not if the new life a life of heaven's be more so, is the fact that the increase ordaining. listeners go home and prepare ' these dishes This relation ordained of God for under such a covenant, the children of man, is of u iaci is not rattier a profitnecessity as eternal as the being by such a union are like the parents, without able way of being sociable with one's frWrU whom it was ordained any claim of relationship beyond the bounds aiternoou' Peasant nr and ? somethin eternal :honprs,obligations,;and of time: together E?. singly: andalQneand. : "learned besides? are" as the uic angels, ministering for others who ivTvuoiujmn.a, necessarily - attached to s. The other day I sawsome very handsome and T have secured their kingdoms," and are rulers-igrow out of it. True father hood and mother hood' portieres now you know when 'the idea of the midst of Deities. may curtains "That kingdoms and over the door way first hanging God belong Vm the"" Is truth in our character of God, his fatherputsr song, watij.xi.iv.vi, uut goouness All those below with those who could afford, them above, even xiim wno is tne lather of us all- and ' the certainly Shall only the chorus is 'God join Love. rich for they were always of such time Ali knees must bow and tongues heavy may in Godlike one of old who was in the confess, and expensive material that 4he of To Christ the son of righteousness." think itnot robbery to be equal image dodrways of most homes, where thp f For the kingdoms of this wrorld shall be with God: and why not? From this re moderate had to go uncurtained but these lation springs the increase that come those of our Lord and Christ. Man, grows into in Jiis development and ineren se" has f)Vopietty portieres, solved the problem; they kingdoms; and those kingdoms in the pror. . r. :. .1.. i were not at all expensive made of uucea their development will demand many ot tnem and will continue so only of blue gress demm so prettily decorated with to do until they become innumerable to a scroll thrones, principalities and powers- the pattern of white braid. They hung over same position and powers as are now ascrib-f- r man. the door entering the Our father Abraham was flsstirpd that dining room from the and ESST virtue U1 r parlor , and a XZC IS AjOO. viiiv.ii of the same his seed should be more in number than material and pattern made the room In the inevitable results of this the sands of the sea shore, or even the dust tracing look quite stylish and pretty. Of course house relat,on, lhey Jead us not only to divinity of the earth; and many should be made plants always adorn a dining room and a few but to infinitude, to the eternal, the never kings and priests to "reign over them. cut flowers on the table,or a blooming ana must have cxming; worlds In all these grand developments of inwith the pot neatly covered with plant meet the demands of eternal on worlds to crease white increase the man is not without the woman. paper wonderfully enhances the appearance These considerations growing out of the There is no creative power in the one withof the table. family re ation afford unmistakable evidence out the other. Neither can ever be like man that s mission to earth is of God without the other. The history of the no vain Among the recipes given for flavoring import. In it is involved all that is we so often are told to use the race and the promises of God are alike to English, bay angelic and Godly and demands manly vesa and the firstf all, the destiny of the one is that of the and holiest, 7 Vsr u highest rrm ill Jit ill other. fi'it , ""--i ""' -- ie - peach I e thcrcm. gage Tlie leaf: it resembles the bay leaf motives, and every Now let the daughters - of Zion who are --much incentive n li o. very .r tne iTcf zzzll -i:an? yieldsjehaous the daughters of God, give heed to their stnctly in .o-sed only moderately. .The leaves ways that they be not found allied to any God. These eternal the leaves of the cherry laurelbay ever! consequences can one only by virtue of an a small t, everlasting green grown on the shores of the Mediter confirmed and sealed by an everlastranean and can: only be obtained a ing priesthood; lest their lives at the'' that covenant sealed hvbe m vain, grocers in large cities where many varieties tneir love become hate:,and their hopes priesthood which is withont of imported delicacies are of course" 1 as aU thltfSs ,ust that are only of the keptso days or end of authnXT 1 T pUcei are mTSti?(0,lntiy limit" not affected the earth must pass away. ?nd ,'S women are doing oinable a wonderful God, is from everlastmf tl this W1?lle J by virtue of covenant . mount of beautiful work for the Wn in the life to come- r- . - J 1 j j A-youn- - rn.v . . , It . -- -- . '"""i tliey-remai- n -- . -- - fc uli!Luj-Mjwmciima- --a-.- n re-echo- ed - - ' ' -' - - table-cove- . I -- 1 1 1 I ,,.' m endrc . w A.- -. flavor-lniWM- w.-ia- u 4. ' . . cove-nan- unn,fbrtimendraU - nl fr ll Iv"nr? W lfJ1 : MmSS 