WOMAN S EXPONENT. 146 has had a valuable companion, a woman of wit heaven from whence the spirit-chilcome. An evidence of heaven's approval .and of tact, and she herself, was bright and of such a place as home made holy by a of a charming personality. Her years added dignity to her position and manner, mother's sacred presence and devotion. e Home influence exerted and directed by a and left to herself, she had the mother's love, is aifabidiug one, with those that gavei fyer prestige wherever she went. There was no hesitation about her as in the reaches to old age, aiid brings the wanderer days when Lord Walton was living to Beback; it takes deep root down in the soul scrutinize her every look and action. where ho evil can reach to entirely eradicate sides the bitter experience of the last few -- it, It is an inheritance a mother bequeathes .years had so subdued, her former imperious-- , .ness that her good qualities were more lto her children, and through them to .' erations yet unborn; a legacy, more precious uoticable. The news she received from England was the husband and father- - delights to honor, not exactly satisfactory, but Maitlaml put -- the Heavens smile upon her with" admiration, everything in the best light possible and and angels are the companions of her home his letters were her chief source of informaas ministering messengers, to , the cherubs tion. The young heir' of the Walton's was in her care. growing finely, the mother was Regaining Husband and wife, parents and children her usual health again, and Dr. Bland and family pursuing the even tenor of their d self-pois- . '. : .. . from wdiich others grow. the family-anTJie family soon grow into a community, which soon develops r into society, and , oowcty w ucu piupciij uiamcu ,the State,and as such demands recognition everywhere. The State enacts lawrs for the protection and' well being of its citizens and the perpetuity ' of its dominion. Judges administer the laws, and justice by judgment will maintain the rights of all; and if righteousness is the foundation of all this develnnmpnt ns flfprrniTipH"hv"t1f1nxr'nT God who governs the universe and all things therein, it becomes a part and4parcel of our Father's dominion. He is frorir everlasting to everlasting, and is King of Kings; or, otherwise ; expressed,- - isKing ever many kings all of whom are reigning over their own, and in their own right as kings and priests unto God. Their kingdoms also shall be everlasting, and their dominions- snail never pass away. fiii mis is;to be realized in the family relation, and can ...spring mr jio zother At 7vuiv.v. vjrvAi a piuu, m ui .no iiuinan ucv icc, uiaii s prganizanQn::vrpenecUy. auapieuio us consummation lully proves to Vvtv tcnigciu uemg engagea m so grand a creative word. This wonderful adaptation of the family for the object in view is sufficient evidence of its divine origin. The foundation of kingdoms is thus laid , under the mutual guidance of father and ucv-xmi- ca -- way. Word had been received forni Clair and Mr. Harrison whc were enthusiastic in regard to the country, the tropical fruits etc. but no word came of their return to England. Lady Anna Walton as sooii as she was able to go out, rode over to her consm's and from thence to the old castle to wThich she seemed now more.fondly attached than ever before. The romance of her courtship and secret interviews with Maitland (her lover) were sweeter in her memory than the realities of her everyday life with the husband. She loved her babe in her own dreamy way, but she only saw him now and then when the nurse thought .proper, when she had asked for him at first, she was reminded that she was not eaual to such an exertion, and her maternal affection had not been strengthened by the constant care and, hourly association of mother and child, as in the case of women who nUfse tlieit own infants. She noticed on her first visit to . z Pr.Blands:how -- very endeFahdIoliHtoSr her cousin was with her little .boy, and re ; . . . ,inarked--languidlyF""- C wish I could be allowed to have my baby to as myself you have, I should be so much happier, I am so lonely and- Maitland is never at home, my fancy work don't interest me now and Clair is away, and there is no music, and I am ' too weak to play by myself, besides when I touch the harp, my mother and the power-oits endurance will heart is too' ' here Lady Anna depend entirely upon the spiritual element broke down with a sob and too mnrl, asin: in which that "foundation-- is laid. The" overcome to proceed further.- Her cousin temporal, that which is of the earth, must was deeply ariected and ' knew scarcely is that which pass away; spiritual and is from what she ought to say but simply heaven, must remain, and be held account.".that is one of the disadvantages ofreplied, titled able for the choice made while in this pro people, there are so many things that people bation; if good, then peace and glory the enjoy that would not be 'correct' in society reward; if evil, then sorrow and misery; as where you move; I would rather be associated uitjuauwcauu mercy 01 me mner oi the with my babe than have the distinction of ' spirits of all flesh shall determine. . of rank!" Our Father's words and works are for nobihty r'Sometmies I think so," replied Lady the "immortality and eternal life of man " alton, but I am not even privileged to Man is the child of God, partaking of his think for myself.'', though her sobs almost spiritual and eternal nature, and Jiow fearchoked her utterance. Mr w, ful the responsibility of those to whom careful not to.say too much on this are entrusted for their education they and she would have i glad to takesubject her- to development; JhatUheyrnay -- be ableto" lierbosom and wrwc aweii in wis presence and abide His glory -iot-: VUf .11 ,tAww wx. nnf t tl w l. in All such will have power to do for their causeol: she nnrpd still further excitement, and she children, what God the Father has done for knew how it was 1t necessary . that she Hi?. r onnctttn.i: should ouuiiuutiuu oi suDiimest be kept ascalm as for her possible, condition thought of heaven's, grand design. was such as to cause one who , ;f great anxiety.. Mait.and knew IN RURAL ENGLAND. about wnniPTi m u v" '":v7: ,'. fragile as his young wife; his wS xxx. comparauvely iADY Walton s visit to Italy was a strong and he httle very sickness, in.fnrt w.u in almost every .particular.-- - Shepleasure useless onefa noTinlS - fulland' f - - . lx.-ct- w 1 1 i- f 1 I I 111 1 verS : ''.':: JL - -idleaud LoZ manhood he Was not prepared for any stru-gle with difficulties, or any energency but shrank from all that was in the least of an unpleasant nature. .At the time of this interview with Lady Walton, Mrs. Bland was in heri own morning room,with baby amusing himself while she industriously plied her needle, and indeed the room and its inmates were a pretty picture of serenity and content. It was a plain room' with only simpie furniture, for the dojwasonlywell to do,and his; wife had too much thought of the future to be ...4- in uci uuiiic. Am. 1 lie Wmaows CAijuvaijiiui looked towards the garden and the sweet : 11 peiiume ui iuc nuwciij was in me air, and the scene was pleasant; it wag a chilly morning rather, and there wras a bright fife in the grate, and a brighter smile on the ". lace oi inotner ana cniia. Lady Anna sat thinking of the spirit of happiness that rested upon her ..cousin and wondered at her own discontent, her cousin half divining her thoughts said, "Anna what would make life happier is there any- . 4. 1 - 1 1 '''' ii.-fl- response she added, "would you like Clair to come back or your uncle Robert?" Mrs "RlntiH wn! alwnvc rvmtimn? in mentioning, the name of Rob Harrison, Meeting 110 gave her an indescriblable thrill, she could not account for. Lady Anna repHed "no cousin Jane there is nothing I can ask for that you or anyone can give me, sometimes I think I would like- to go away to another country, where no one would know me, andT could be' natural and not have to dress and be gay, and go out and meet people that criticize my every word and look. I should like to be with you and baby and the doctor, and uncle Robert and Clair and my baby and Maitland always, on an island or away from the rest of the it- - - "I'm afrajd th I - f wouia nave to mingle witn some society, and it. might not be as" agreeable as that you nave now, people cannot nave things their own way in this world, It seems to me we ought to make the best of our surrounding and not murmur against out fate. Don't you remember before your marriage you thought if only you and Maitland could be united, all sorrow would be at an end, and 9 A he . now that thihp "turned o so much more favorable than we anticipated, and yet you are less satisfied than ever before." "Well cousin Jane, let us go away from cugiana, wouia me doctor consent to ltr yu thinkiT I could persuadellaitland PP it might be better for him, new scenes, and things that might interest him and awaken new thoughts turning his mind in a different direction?" ; v 'To your first question whether the doc- - frit" XXmitA T - M having never entertained snrh nn idra. hut I will speak of it, inadvertently at first and see what his mind is- - T flnVi't tfiinl-li-p is at all fond of newiplacesLand I fear -- he would dislike a new country still more." . "Ah me, I wish be. I knew what would -- - .. t, j tuc vcii course to pursue to ensure peace 01 mind if not real happiness. . Come cousin Jane let us go over to the old place, it may be it will bring back recollections, I should like to seppleasant sr4Tn f nf tfip rnomS again, since they have been remodeled and - 1 Mv died, where- - mntW'criWn I wis rx)m;:whe Tt-Tip- she -- I had none of this sentiment; it has come " .with- inexperience, these lasTrewEonth's;' 