EXPONENT. WOMAN'S ' EDEN. ; 1 every Thou art missed among the circle When we join in songs of praise, Missed among the happy circle. In our happy meeting days. Where stood trees all richly laden with fruits of - every kind, Where sweet aromatic odors floated softly on the wind, That gently stirred the leaflets as the'sunbeam's - shimmered through Showing figs all ripe and luscious and the citrons dainty hue. . . Yet again we hope tojneet thee, And all join that happy throng. -Thou art gone to join the faithful,. Where all happy Saints belong. . Oh! how blest will be our meeting, VVhen we join you hand in hand Parents; loved ones, Saints all greeting, Will join to make the Holy band. Not a weed was in the garden nought to mar the charming scene, While rippling through its centre was a placid ' silvery stream And birds of brighter plumage gaily flitted to H. Blenky. and fro Chirping twitting, sweet songs singing on' that morning long ago. Mi noble man In the image of his Maker comprehend it if you , can, side a lovely woman for ahelpmeet unto his By him, Not'his slave nor yet his servant hum'ring every foolish whim. (Miss of Bunker Hill. It is commemorated far and wide with flags and bells and patriotic 1 eloquence. victory won long ago for the principle that taxation, without representation , Not his cook, O happy woman! it was theirs to ltyrannf in the anniversary as those who are fighting today for the application of the same principle to, women. At Montreal,1 they show to visitors, among other curiosities and trophies, a small cannon captured from the Americans at the battle of Bunker Hill. - One American woman to whom it was exhibited looked sharply at the official in charge and said, with spirit: "Well, you've got the cannon, but I guess we've got the hill!" The people who are cheering and firing guns in honor of June 17 have the cannon; but we have the principle, which is more eternal than the hills; and sooner or later, everybody will see it. Wo?nans pluck and eat, Notnis seamstress for garb2 made all complete, But with him to hold dominion over every living thing, On the earth, beneath the water, and the birds of varied wing. Keeps on Hand . DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- POISE WAISTS, ETC. Dress FlAklnar In all its branches, millinery, l&ten and Bonnets cleaned and retximmedL -- Feathers Uoirc to order. But eurlcd, tons covered while you wait Burial Suits a Specialty Btyles, Hats ete.-Stam- their-toilet"natu-re's Together they held possession of this highly favored land, Together they stood and listened to the Father's grave command, Together received His blessing and the promise of His care If they would try to serve Him and remember Him in prayer. : - TSJn 4.1 Q ping WEST..3PEJIPIiE STIIEET, MRS. M. E. VAN, M. D. : ; HAS REMOVED :her office, from Constitution Building to hep resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Office hours, 2 to 4 p m 2&, And together we must labor gentle woman, earn - 28, 30 and 32 East 1st South St., - estman, For the lifting up of nations and restore the Journal. The death of Edwin Booth removes not only a great actor from the theatre of life, but a, distinguished figure from the few notable men and women who mark a country' or an age with the stamp of their individuality, Mn Booth represented not only his own success to the public, but the fortunes of his family,who have.enlQ.the, " were jn Americir'sKgew In both these illustrious names England. shine virtues of public and private life. It is claimed that genius is not hereditary, and yet in the histrionic bent there is much to disprove the claim. Edwin Booth walked the stage of daily living with much the , same melancholy which marked the gentle ' prince Hamlet. With griefs which were tragic indeed, the great actor hardly needed 10 simulate tne roles which gave him 01 -- applause. uixuu His name is M. y In this paradise enchanting roamed a stalwart is the anniversary of the Battle o us vuu.wnu id in uercu us: juiThou art saved from snare. stately pride. Sec. pro tern. NOTES AND NEWS. 7 Lydia Dean. Lines written' an the death of Elizabeth Lant-wh7 T died at Payson, May 26Jit 8pj. ''Dearest sist er thou has left us." ; Thou hast left this world of care. violet vied With the graceful waving pampas and the dahlia's . June ( summer's glow, "Where the roses, pinks and lilies and the modest Treasurer. Egbert Craddock - In the most delightful garden ever warmed by ; 1 auvj cdi licit iUCIIlDCr Ifl uiuuji. ministering to the sick and needy. Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be presented to the bereaved husband and family be spread upon our record, and printed in the Woman's Exponent. f Mary H. Blenky, Committee J Elizabeth Stark, ago, . Charres a itWUiiUI On a glorious Sabbath morning in the ages long " Evelyn Adams, that die in the Lord, their works do follow them Resolved; Ti.at in the death of our beloved Sister Elizabeth D. Lant, our Society has lost a indlssolubly linked, with all that is best in dramatic art. "After life's fitful fever he EuTE. sleeps well." we need the spirit of the Lord to be with us and the way to get and keep it is to attend-to our duties. Help take care of the poor, no matter of what sect or color. Our conduct should be such that all people will honor and respect .us, asked the Lord to bless and prosper the sisters. Said that we would not always be in the scattered con dition we were now. but our numbers would increase and our stake be built up, so that we wouldn't be obliged to travel so.. far to attend meetings as now, said some' time we would have a temple built here. Made many other good remarks. President v. A. Hammond Hoped we would be benefited bv the eood counsel given. The general and local officeri were then sustained by the conference. President Martha Hammond made a few closing remarks. Singing, benediction by Counselor William Halls. The visit of Apostle and Sister Richards was very much appreciated by the saints, and we hope they will favor us again sometime in the near future. On November 22nd, 1892, the Relief Society of Mancos Ward was reorganized and the following named sisters set apart to act in their respective positions. Elnora Hammond President, Sarah Burnham and Mary Slade Counselors, Louie M. Emma L. Wilden White, Secretary; SAIT LAKE CITY. ' ancient plan And together have dominion and make this earth '' :' : " an Eden, For know to make a perfect man, you must have ' Eve and Adam. Ruth M. Fox. , - ------ ---- IN MEMORIAM Resolutions of respect for Sister Elizabeth Davidson Lantj Born May 26th, 1893. Aeed and two days. years Whereas: she held the office of presiding teacher m the Relief Society of the 2nd, Ward ' r Payson Utah. v Resolved:-T- hat we the officers and members of the Relief Society, express our appreciation and sympathy, with the bereaved family and relatives of our beloved sister, who has.friend ed away from m peactoWfrra gforious Resurrection reward ot a faithful Sa nr., 'RUaH pi lUe oeaa ; The Leading Retail Cash Houspv JLTi sixty-thre- e i thiIdjJQjthfcgavi. . v- - T.IW MERE CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTER S Agent for RUMSEY'S celebrated UFTand FORCI 5 