WOMAN'S' 1 :3 progress and of .course joined with, the' .mciny celebration. The one sisters in ack to the of (Brother KX PONE NT.. 6w niiUar faces, those .who. were en- - drawb- 'jwis oi love. pleasure of all was the abseneel PrcsidenUk-orgQ. Cannon, appreciated' Horne.rwhp was really not well enough to be present. delightful it would be if all our The house was well filled with dear and sisters could have their Unt 4he First Presidfriends aud days remembered, spoke of the hall as a his one ency of the Church seated upon the stand, that from her'lips has fallen the soft vvords that first caused them to think," ; and . , ; e inspired, in them the desire to reach out to ' i ba-thre- n fellow-laborer- s, and progress. Her instructions to maid wife and mother, explaining the mission of woman, in bearing the souls of men, her duties to them, her home aud her husband, are beyond price? And may she yet live to see all her desires in this respect fulfilled. When the Relief Society was reorganized in these valleys after the move South in 1858, Mrs. Home was chosen by Bishop A. Hoagland, to preside ., over the Society iiL the 14th, Ward. This occured on Dec. 12; . : .qc ttuiiuti a.uu. j iici visc Lnt "iiiiiiiicineTiL ty Society prospered. The poor were relieved, the distressed comforted, and yet means gathered up in the treasury. After a time the building known as "The Relief Society Hall,", was erected. A eranary and a quantity of wheat was next added, and all the efforts of the blessings attended " "" sisters. President Brigham Young, having great confidence, in President Home, nlaced on her another important mission in the latter; part of the year 1869. This was known as the Retrenchment movements A meeting was called in the 15th, Ward Relief Society ! TT.HJ xiaii rresiaeni1 Trr.t: xoungmet wun ana instructed the sisters in their duties in this' respect and many blessings were promised them in their labors. This meeting Was adjourned to the 1 4th , Ward Assembly Hall, where an organization was effected,' with Sister M. I. "Home as President with Sisters Eliza R. Snow, Zina D. H. Young, Bathsheba W. Smith, Margaret T. Smoot, Phebe W. Woodruff, Marinda W. Hyde and Sarah M. Kimball as Counselors, Lydia D. Alder was chosen as Secretary. Out of this organization , grew the meetings of today regular in the 14th Ward, been held which have . J regularly ever since. President M. I. Horne was appointed to preside over the Relief Society of this Stake budding, where social ant reunions had been many since coming given; franklin D. Richards and Heber J, Grant, : : memories had crowded the Presiding Bishops of the Church, PresiJ1UU 1115 mina, some were pleasant ntWc dent Angus M. Cannon, Couuselor C. W. were sorrowful he had danced there more . 1 ayior and Penrose,; JJisnop ; ueorge than once and would like to if there some other brethren, occupied seats of honwas an opportunity; Sister again, Horne he reor, but the company were mostly ladies. membered used tobea verv crnnH rio j Mrs. Klmiua S. Taylor Counselor to and was now probably did not think she uau jresident3ILiiQrneirr the itelief-Societ- y our.peole did hot of this Stake of Zion, presided during the grow old as fast as some others, and ' referred to President Woodruff, Sister exercises and took charge of the program, Horne and President Snow, who seemed so Mrs. Helen M. Whitney, the other Counselyoung or was not able to attend, which was much and Alluded to his boyhood- and association regretted. .President Zina D.' H. Young with Brother and Sister Horne vben they came to the and her Counselors Jane S." Richards and valley Bathsheba W. Smith were in attendance, together also President Taylor's family the and many other represent! tive women. intimacy that existed between the two families and gave some interesting: incidents Sister Taylor made a few appropriate re of experience in those times; quoted Heber marks greeting the assembly of her friends C. Kimball's remark and congratulating Sister Home in a grace concerning respect for ful way. the aged when he said the Lord had more The exercises opened with prayer by respect for us than we had for one another, Presfdent-Tosen- h PVSmith:' and si n Oin O v - the Lord- had - said My aged "Servant" v my Father . .. Joseph Smith, ' ' (meaning Joseph Smith Sen. father of the Prophet.) .President. Cannon After wrhicti President Wilford Woodruff addressed the assembly. lie stated then commented upon the wonderful strides that he never felt able to express his the sisters had made the last few years, in words when gathered among bringing them forward before the public, thoughts . , ... c f t i into of usefulness, that opened beine oamis oi uou, congratulated sister fore sphereshe then turned and address- them, Horne and alluded to the many pleasant associations with both Brother and Sister mg rresiaent vvooarun, saia, it was one i' - i. i oir me ii Horne; "when he looked upon this assembly tnings mai impressea mm very especially the aged, he was glad some of greatly, he was pleased to see Sister Horne take a leading part,an acti e part side .by side the Saints had lived to carry out the work, with others in this grand movement for the while others had passed behind the vailt no elevation and enfranchisement of her sex, more interesting generation could have was manKiui sue naa uvea 10 raice so been or ever had been; no greater dispensation in fact than this one has e r been, prominent a part in the work for women, "but you are His servants though you may we have great blessings,' 'again cc; gratula not bear and yet the priesthood as we do, ted Sister Horne on this day, her labors l ; vour soneres are eniare;ea ana mere is no of Zion, Dec. 1877. had been great, while he said this" of her, limit to vour advancement," felt to bless he said it of others, the gathering called Sister Horne whose In the month of November 1890, Pres't. birthday anniversary to his mind the and Hyrum we were celebrating, her husband and their norne wras eieciea rresiuenc 01 me uoaru Prophet Joseph and Brigham and John Taylor; referred to Co-ostore, - of directors of the Woman's his labors with them, and the coming of oostehtv. Brother riorne was a man iaithilies-e7 bless them and" the pioneers into recalled": the .fuUnd trae present time, except uiai ui ricMuem ui their, posterity after them. words of President Young- - when - he came the Relief Society of the 14th, Ward, she, into the valley, here he said we shall build having resigned the position, and since' HISTORICAL SKETCH. a Temple in Zion, said God bless Sister moved to the 18th, Ward. Home and her husband; and her children May lief days be lengthened, that she the life of Mrs. M. Isabella Home. ,) Will f!rl f iVnnrCkA (Of 4ln. may realize all her righteous desires, then Lord that a when her tired feet shall rest in the Golden : mighty army of people, sons Fifth the eventful this Seventy On day and daughters was being raised up through anniversary of the birth of our beloved City, may she enjoy the reward of the true the principles of the order of God, blest the President, Mrs. M . Isabella Horne, my and faithful. assembly etc. , the remarks of the President memory goes back over the vista of years were especially assembled all to Affectionately Inscribed to 'Mrs. M. I. Home on inspiring as I first knew her. Alher of think I and her Seventy Fifth Birthday. and will ever be treasured to encourage true saint, and a a faithful a friend, ways those who are laborinp-ithe Relief Society steadfast worker in the Church of Jesus How beautiful the sinking sun ia which he has always manifested the Christ of Latterday Saints. Sets in the darkening West; deepest interes- tv;; President Horne had the honor of be'Mid fiery clouds of red and gold President Zina D. H. Young after adin Nauvoo, It slowly goes to rest. longing to the Relief Society the dressing herself to the First Presidency upProphet Joseph which was organized by The day has been a weary one, n the stand and the President of the Smith, and had the unspeakable pleasure Mayhap so full of care of Sister his voice, meeting, Now soothingly the shadows t"aIT, of listening to the melody heartily congratulatedHome, and rejoiced with her in the many giving instruction to the daughters of Zion, ' And rest breathes everywhere. blessings the sisters had enjoyed; referred he having turned the key for the redemption; The morn was full of promise to the day when Joseph the Prophet was; of woman, oince inai uay mic uas uuu The noon the battle brought, kken from us as the darkest day we had the privilege of seeing her sister- - woman, The evening is so glorious un-r- il eyer seen, but while he was with the and; onward, climb upward gradually With blessings ever fraught. people he had poured out blessings upon now she holds a position of honor, by So life goes do wn at even revealed manv things, turned the; the side of her brother man! Long and Jings, Like to the setting sun kev of ther oft has this friend of woman, raised her knowledge, and opened up heaThe day of battle over channel of communication with the voice in exhortation, instruction and love, The laurels fairly won. vens. Sicfo-vvt- . to see so to her sisters, many of whom can testify,,TToe ttiont-fn-l President also Lorenzo Snow, Apostle' " 'uy n 1 -- losnt-alirtho- upt -- 1 m well-preserve- d. - ' : ' . , " - - tip-"- O L TS . . . . 1 - 1 " . 11 ? . Semi-month- 4 ly p l . and-God-wou- f ld this-valle- y,- 1 Crt-r-nr- -- fT-l- 3 n 't - ; - ' 