132 Woman's Exponent. Editor. EMMBLINR ,D. WELLS, in Salt Lake CitypVtah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. ' No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, tin lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office, No. 25 E., South Temple Street second gate east of Deseret News' Office. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, semi-monthl- y, Salt Lake City, Utah. 'u ; Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as econd class matter. Salt Lake City, v March 1893, 1st, PRESIDENT WOODRUFFS' BIRTHDAY. To-da- y, '. Today he celebrates his eighty sixth anniversary and has arranged, by invitation, for a gathering of his brethren of the Apostles, and some other brethren andsisters at his handsome residence in the suburbs of the City. The Exponent offers the most sincere congratulations to the veteran and beloved leader and President of the Church, and may his valuable life be prolonged until he shall see the utmost desire of his heart grat-ifie- d concerning the work in which he has borne so important a part. The birthday anniversary of the President was also by a singular coincidence the birthday of his wife, Sister Emma Woodruff, though she is many years younger than her husband. Truly her lot has fallen in pleasant places, and the writer congratulates her on having attained such distinction in the Church in connection "with her husband, and may her'blessings continue to multiply as the years roll on. In our next issue we shall be able to give some particulars concerning the birthday party which will doubtless be a very happy affair, as it almost invariably is when old meet together for friends and social enjoyment. - sary of the birthday, of President Wilford Woodruff the venerable Apostle and President of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterSaints. Every true saint through-day out Zion, rejoices that his useful life has been prolonged to see the day in which so many" wonderful things are transpiring, and especially to see the near completion of the Temple erected in this city for "which he has manifested such intense interest, and a great desire to live and participate in the glorious blessings and privileges pertaining thereto. The President's life has been a most eventful one,- and though he is one of the most unassuming of men, he has risen meritoriously to the highest and most responsible position in the Church of Jesus SaintsV ;In f all places Christ of tatter-Da- y and at all times in prosperity as well as adversity he has ever manifested the humility and childlike spirit of a .man of God, and this individual characteristic has intensified the love of the people towards him and increased their reverence for his counsel and their ardent desire that his life be - spared to lead Israel yet many years; ,. now that the dedication is so near the feeling of that "their prayers' in his behalf are sure to be answered, and that he will be able to dedicate the House of the Lord which he' has so carefully watched the progress in building, and which was finished during his administration. President Wilford Woodruff comes of the good staunch, old Puritan stock, which is very apparent in his habits, customs and manner generally to one who I knows the New England people and their characteris- - co-labor- ers THE SALT LAKE TEMPLE. ; has never been a time in the history of this Church when all the Latter-da- y Saints were looking forward tp one particular, event with greater interest and perhaps enthusiasm,thanthey are at present to the dedication of the Temple which has been built here in the valley of the Great Salt Lake. No Temple in this generation has been so mnch talked of and dwelt upon, its beauty, its splendor, its magnificence, its grandeur and the- objects for which it has been erected with such carefulness thought and diligence, these themes have been discussed, commented upon and written about in the Stakes of Zionfhere and abroad in other lands wherever the Saints dwell, or the Gospel has been preached. The people have given willingly and liberally of their means, not only those who had abundance but those who had little, and have rejoiced in giving for such a grand and noble purpose as the erection of the House of the Lord. The "widow's mite' ' and the childrenJs rnickels r have been - as "welcome: and acceptable as the" hundreds and thousands from the coffers of the rich. It has taken time, patience and ability guided by the spirit of revelation to accomplish this stupendous work. The faith of the Saints has been centered upon this work to a very great extent for 1 years past; their prayers have been offered up to their Father in heaven that He .would open up the way, would bless and increase the means donated, that there might be a house suitable, dedicated and consecrated for the great work of redemption for the dead and the salvation tics. (a. of the living. The house of the Lord ' President Woodruff was born on the first built in the tops of the mountains, spoken of March, 1807, at Avon; Hartford County of by the prophets of ancient times. In conConnecticut, a most romantic and interesting this houge and in such holy places secrated to sacred ordinances "and holy pur-part of the country. Hisy boyhood was. poses it. is anticipated the spirit and power as. farm a that of of the many spent upon just of God will be made .manifest in a greater ' greatest men of America has beeti.degree than elsewhere. The Lord will ' There - - : confi-dencelsMfehgtheh- , , V I , Saints are in ..many instances preparing themselves to receive the promised Blessings.- It is a day to be looked fqrward to e with joy and rejoicing. When the was laid the people covenanted to do certain things and. in fulfillment of these promises, the Lord has helped them, and means and money has come, often from for sources, and everything has prospered to the accomplishment or what was desired, tho' at the time it looked much more difficult to do, except to those who had implicit faith. The April Conference is so near now, the time set for the dedication; that the Saints are beginning to ask themselves whether they are worthy of entering therein, and to inquire into their own hearts and lives, and it seems that a general awakening is mani fest; and this is certainly commendable and will be a part of the duty of every. Latter-da- y Saint to be humble, forgiving and and selfishpenitent, putting aside ness, and seeking to subdue every unworthy motive and purpose and conform to' the golden rule, "Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them." Charity for others and that love ' that passeth all else should be and- abound in the hearts and homes of the Saints at all times, l?ut particularly when about entering cap-ston- un-look- . : March 1st, 1893, is the anniver- pour out blessings upon the faithful according to their faith and their needs, and the ' . ill-feeli- ed ng -- 111 LU ilUly UJ.C VJailiLD jJlclVJCD uxiv- - cticy that their is no hardness in. their hearts,' no influence to hinder the outpouring of ' the spirit of God. This dedication of the Salt Lake Temple seems the greatest event in the history of f vv ill inaxwA-- . LUC vil ii.1v.1j., dim ujlluasu.ulva-i.aan epoch such as has not yet been recorded, forTnot only are tens of thousands of the saints awaiting it with" anxiety, expectancy and sublime faith,but those who have pass- -- TTT1 ed to the other side, are also looking forward , to the consummation of the work,, and the commencement of another phase of the Gospel work, for the millions who are to; be blest through the faithfulness and active exertions of those who have the privilege of officiating-i- n holy places. The work of redemption is constantly going forward already there are three TVtrmlpQ nnvf Kpph npr. IWv v the SnintQ V4At AWU in whirli WMAU lf.A mitted to labor, and the work multiplies and increases more and more, and many more Temples will be needed... and I the people will !1J t J ueinspireu. 10 uuua mem as mey nave Deen , those that are already completed. The earth is full of material adapted for. these uses, and the Lord in his own due time brings to pass His purposes, often in ways of which man has not dreamed. The greatest day that Israel has yet seen will probably be when the dedication of the Temple takes place. Can any one who was present at the ceremonies of the laying of e ever forget the spirit and pow the er of that occasion,, the glory that rested like a halo upon that vast assembly and the hosannas that'ascended from the .assembled throng. That was truly a gathering of many nations, kindred, tongues and people; and now the Saints are on the. eve of another greater and more important event and it calls for,; the united faith, devotion, reverence and thanksgiving: to God, that" He may accept the offering not only of the sacred " edifice erected to his name; but manifest hisf approval of their liumble and united efforts to serve Him through obedience to, his com-' - ' ' " V mandmenls. - A. X AAA AA 1 AAVft A 1 1 V AA n A, 1 cap-ston- ' " , 