1 110 It . WOMAN'S is the method of God's providence to Musseri this morning?" ,1 am quite sure FOREIGN LETTER. ef- fect great results by inconsiderable means. This law which pervades the kingdom of nature, is discerned ; also in .the history of . mankind. God chose the reformers of the Churcli from the same conditions and worldly circumstanrces, from whence he had before taken the Apostles. The father of Luther gradually made his way and established at Mansfield two small furnaces for iron. .By the side of. these furnaces, little Martin grew up and it was with the earnings of this industry, hat his father was, afterwards able to place him at school. It? was from a Miner's fireside, that one who was to recast vital Christianity was to go EXPONENT. TO .MRS. MARY W. MUSSER. " November 7th, 1892. Dearest Mother: If my memory serves My ' m., ; rne well it was just . some of njiy mail has been lost on the way. There was a wreck here a few days ago, I stood calmly on the shore and watched twenty five persons drown. Twenty four hour after, a' bunch or package, of my mail was picked up on, shore where the mad waters had been kind enough to throw it. It was a package of newspapers that had been two months on the way. One of the forty six years ago to day since the world was made better bvthe birth of a baby girl, whose parents, on account of her extreme loveliness, named her after the queen of wras wrecked had a letter in heaven, Mary. Since then this little girl gentlemen that has grown to womanhood and has proven his pocket for me: but in his struggle for I beyond a doubt, especially to her large life he lost it. and don't know who it was itt The gentleman family of children, of whom I boast being from or anything about that lost it lost his wife and two bright one that she is the loveliest and best mother in the whole world. Born as our children at the same time. forth'. My health remains "A JVol" for which. ... Savior, though not in a manger, in a place ' John Martin in conformity with his pre-- . nearly, as humble, a lumber wagon, she I feel to thank the Lord. The weather is still very hot, the oranges are1 just getting duections resolved to make his son a scholar. traveled on through her rather humble pathThat newr world oMight and science which way until now, forty six years later, she ripe. I bought a dozen the other day, great was everywhere producing vague exciteis, in my estimation, queen Mary 11. or large luscious ones for five cents and I firmment, reached even to the cottage of the Marv nueen of, earth with the brightest ly believe, by the wray the orange vender Miner. The remarkable character and per- kind of prospects of ..being queen Mary, smiled as he pocketed my cash, that he severing application of his son, made John with the chosen in etemitv.Jdeaven charged me three cents too much..Gi'e cmreive-th- c Ibless vou dearest motherr"andirraht that my love to father and all the loved ones, higfo "Af lheageor fourteen M and accept a bushel from your affectionate im this birthday is just the noon with a com Don C. W. Musser. panion, the sou 01 a respectable burgher, mortal probation, and that the atternoon son. set out for Madgeburg the school of the will so out shine the forenoon that the latFranciscans, Madeebunr was like a hew ter will be lost in darkness. That your ANNOUNCEMENT. world to joyous Martin. In the midst of nu every hour, as the sun grows warmer and The Twenty fifth Annual Convention ofJhe merous privations.ie observed and listened. nears the horizon, will be happier and fuller National A?nerican Woman Suffrage A provincial of the Augustine order, was of real bliss than its precedent. That when Association then preaching with great zeal, the necessity the sun at last sinks to rest, arid the angels of reforming religion and the Church. come with sweetest music to bear you over To arouse that divine discontent wdiich; Perhaps these discourses deposited in the the silvery river, you may be surrounded shall make 'women ashamed to remain long- -. soul of the youth the earliest germ of the by a loving., posterity who have lived and er in the attitude of wards in their own ' are living in such a way as to insure our country; to stir the dormant sense of justice thought 'hich'a later period unfolded. This was . a severe- - apprenticeship for meeting again in' that world where all. is which shall make men unwilling to monopo-liz- e Luther; cast upon the world at fourteen love and contentment. This, mother dear, all power, as if women wrere not to be without friends or protectors. He trembled is my most sincere wish and prayer; could trusted such is the task of the coming in the presence-ohis masters, and in his I wish or pray for more? If so I .do with Annual Convention of the he and .some children as poor all my heart for I know the occasion justifies National American; Woman n play hours, Suffrage As- as himself with difficulty begged his bread. my so doing. : Your - birthday! ,.. How I sociatipn. This Conventiort;will be held in ; jCbristmasjtim da homeo Metzerott's Music Hall, corner F arid 1 2th shmildjoyeiiccbe; alt go together through the neiehboriner tell you how much your children love vou. D. C, January ' Streets, N.W., Washington, villages from housQ to house, singing in. and how hard to live away from "you. concert the usual carols, on the infant How impossible! Land' arid sea to the ex-- v Until women are. enfranchised,-- they - canJesus born at Bethleni," more Jharilonce - tent-o- f molHer not be considered free moral agents. Their Dver whelmed witlf" sorrow, he shed many from her son . As it is I scarcely have time influence over their children is hampered, tears jn secret. He could not look to the to write a letter for I am head their attempts at work of philanthropy enrespectable future without trembling. One day - in over heels in my Arabic studies, and as I feebled, their position in the industrial after been particular, having repulsed, from have employed a teacher to me a few world endangered, so loner as thev remain three houses he was about to return fasting, lessons I am anxious td makegive while the hay political minors, constrained to obey laws to his lodging, when having reached the sun shines. Besides f have lost so much which they have no voice in making. place, St. George, he stood before the house time in this mission that it seems I never The missionolthe-,- - National American of an honest burgher motherless - and lost up for it, you see when I first came Woman Suffrage Association is to awaken " iu painful reflections, must he for want of capay to Turkey I started to study the Turkish public opinion to the necessity of bringing bread give up his studies and go and work language, for three months I away thepractice of the United States Govern, with his father in the Mines ,of,Mansfield, at it and had iust srot a rood pegged start when T ment into harmony with its professed prinsuddenly the door opens a woman appears left Constantinople thinking I could study ciples. , Professing itself a government of the 011 the threshold, her name was Ursula me language better, here m Palestine. people, it is actually an oligarchy of men i the chronicles of the place call her the Pious When I arrived here I found that they Professing that the "citizens of each State: Shunamite, in remembrance of her who spoke nothing but Arabic in this of the shall be entitled to air privileges and impart so earnestly entreated the Prophet to decided" rTL to leave Bro. Haag munities in the several Elijah country States," this United eat bread with her. She had more than once here to labor with the Arabs and I would States Government permits the States deremarked , young Martin in the assemblies go farther north where they spoke Turkish liberately to deprive one-haits people-- its of the faithful, she had been affected by the and continue my Bro, was studying. women of the only legitimate means of Haag sweetness of his voice and his apparent taken sick and know the rest... riiad taking you part in the government the use of devotion. She now came to his assistance, to remain in this of the country and the ballot. part bade him enter her dwelling and supplied accordingly started to learn a third language Such glaring inconsistency beUveen pro'.T wants. in a year and a half, within the year and a fession and the husband of the ood womaii half that I had been practice is to be condemned in from home, it the interests of away public morality. approved rjvjfe's kneKpkncer.and-him--seirfoun- d seems have lost Turkish with the In laboring to obtain their enfranchiseso rniicli pleasure in the society language about five months,and now I had of young Luther, that in a few days later to start on ment, women work, therefore, not only for the most another, difficult of themselves but for the establishment of he took, him to live in his house; From all. I know the Lord has blessed me with national honor and the elevation of the that moment he no longer feared to be. for ihis.language -whole human race. r ' " obliged to relinquishliis" studies, !ater6n than I did with either of the others, B. Anthony, President. we find him at a higher institution of learn-in- g It is over a month since I heard from any Susan Rev. Anna H. Shaw, where he most brilliantly distinguished one on the American side of the Atlantic RACHEL FOSTER AVERY. Cor. Secretary. himself, V'tlie whole University" says Day after the Postmaster day shakes his Alice Stone Melancthon "admired his genius.'' Blackwell, Rec. Harriet 1 aylor Upton, Treasurer. through the window with a for Wm. . : , . ; -- , , ; -- : -- of-yo- ur -- . : . , . " ; . : . . . f . : it-i- s - -- , . . I - , lf ' -his- --C- -urgent onrad likrr " : ! ; - i Vice-Presat-larg- ip0b nest s?-- ei Seczju "Anything Dudley Foulke, Auditor 1 -- 