menced his the sea Nov. 15th, after many cold nights" Fort Mcallister was reached and carried by assault, and onthe morning of., the (2 1st, of pec.)H Sherman . rnxu-chjt- IN o of our beloved President, Esther, who departed this life September 36, 1893. after an illness of nine days. Sister Fletcher was born in Mass. where she embraced the Gospel, and with her family on the gathered with the saints in Kanesville in SIt Lake Missouri River, and in 1850 arrived reCity, and settled in the 8th, Ward, where she sided until the day of her death. Her husband died shortly after her arrival, and she was afterward united in plural marriage to "Brother Royal Barney. She was the mother of nine children, seven of whom survive her, and are honorable members of the Church of Jesus Christ. She held many responsible positions, being appointed a teacher in the early organization of the Relief Society about the year 1852, and again to the same office, at the general organization about 1867, she was atterwara appointed secre tarv. and a cain counselor, which position she with great satisfactionand iinSSCshe: was set aoart as President, the duties of which office she faithfully performed until the time of her entered Savannah. In announcing his triumph to President Lincoln, he said "I l)eg to present you a Christmas gift, the city of Savannah, with one hundred and and fifty guns, plenty, of ammunition, " twentyfive thousand bales of cotton Sherman halted at Savannah, only long enough to rest his troops. Commanded a, march in the depth of winter to join Grant, who was confrontingXee near Richmond. Iee saw he must either evacuate Richmond and Petersburg.or be captured. He then began to form a plan by which he might retreat into 'North, Carolina, and there join Johnston. Grant anticipating this issued orders for a general moveraentgainstKiclir-i-fille-d . 1,1 111 t. LUC t. i:.i 1 KUUWllig illllC death. I She was president of the Primary Association for seven years and a half; and in the early days of Utah, taught school, she did a great work for and Salt her dead ancestors in the: life her ake City Temples showing io be filled a woman was of She with good works. great integrity; full of love for the principles of the Gospel, never swerving, firm and steadfast May her children, with whom we sympathize, follow, in her footsteps, and may we her emulate her virtues, and profit by her good example, C. K. Palmer, President. S. J. Chamberlain, Counselors. Tank Cowan. j. Mortenson; Sec'y,. E. E. Frost, Treasurer. what was going on twenty miles distant at the fort. Davis had repaired to his custom- 1. '.. hm r . i ii. mere came ary piace ui worsmp. up me aisle a messenger, who handed him a dis- patch from Xee, which contained intelligence of the most momentous event of the war. The news passed quickly from lip to lip from church to church. ' Men women and children rushed from the churches. Wagons on the streets were soon loaded and driven to Danville depot. The banks were all open and depositers were us busy as bees removing, their deposits. Hundreds of thousands of dollars of paper money were destroyed. From that moment, law and order ceased to exist. The warehouses were fired. The rams .011 tVi Tom pe nrpr wpm olen firewt bridges leading out .of the city were also 'filed and were soon wrapped in flames. Morning broke upon a scene such as those who witnessed it can never forget. "The OUU U.O till UUUi Ui UIUICULAJVC IliC wnen suddenly mere ran up tne wnole length of Main" street the cry. of ' Yankees! - ...... jtanKea:44 The Union soldiers were indeed entering the city, and Potsburg was also in possessing of the National forces, and over both cities the stars and stripes again floated. ' H DUNFOED'S Have the Cheapest and Best Lines of SHOES In memory of Sister Louisa E. Young who died Sept 18, 1893, aged 30 years, she leaves a husband, six small children and a host of friends to mourn her loss. Where-a- s in the Providence of God with His unbounded wisdom, we have been deprived of the companionship,, help and association of Sister Louisa E. Young a faithful officer and member of the Relief Society; Resolved- - That we tender our deepest love and sympathy to the memory of the dear departed. Resolved That in this great bereavement we acknowledge the hand of God, and bow to the inevitable, but realize that in her.we have lost an able and loving associate, whose charities, talents and charms endeared her to us all. v Resolved That we tender our love and to the bereaved, esoeciallv to the dar 1 husband and children, may the spirit of consoand comfort atten d tbem in this ciation, peace,nour 01 amiction. ResolvedThat a copy of these resolutions be placed oh the Relief Society Record and a copy sent to the bereaved, also a copy to the Ex- SLIPPERS In th City. New Store. 57 S. Main St .THOMAS 26,28, 30and32 V East-1s- SonthSL, LAKE CITY. SAtT t The Leading Retail Cash Housf sym-Dath- -- ponent. "And you shall shortly know that lengthened : 1 4 . 1 1 1- rativs Kepson Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- -, POISE WAISTS, ETC. SURGEON AND Dr. ELLIS R. SHIPP, ACCOUCHEUR. Diseases of Women m Speeialtj. instructions upon these subjects; two classes taueht vearlv. beeinninsr resDectivelv Oct. iotb and April 10th. Reviews given to former students free of charge. For particulars enquire personally or by letter at No. 18 Main St. Salt Lake City. ffiflGGIE C. Will commence - w , , Mi It-ise- breath, Is not the sweetest gift Godsends his friend And that sometimes the sable pall of death, ( Conceals the fairest boon His love can send. If we could push ajar the gates of life, And stand within, and all God's working see, We could interpret all this doubt and strife, And for each mystery could find a key. We know that her trials are oe'r, Weep not that her race is run. God grant we may rest as calm, When our work, like her's is done. Naomi R. Theobald, President M. A. Davis, Secretary. able to join Johnston in North Carolina, but his troops were hotly pursued. "There was no rest for them either by night or by day. If they attempted to snatch a few mqments sleep, they were roused by the hoof-clattof Sheridan's cavalry." rAt last, overtaken and seeing no hope of escape. Lee agreed to surender.' In the largest building of ra 1" l xiouse wnicn DOasted 01 rvppumaiiujs. yuuri tt only five dwellings, he and Grant met. ' Lee stood beside a table, wearing a bright blueish gray uniform, a military hat with a gold cord, buckskin gauntlets, high riding-boot- s and a beautiful sword. Grant, with Hinckley, Millard Co. his slouched hat, dark blue, frock coat covered with mud, pantaloons tucked in his Resolutions of Respect. soiled boots wore no sword. Tofethe Memory of a noble mother in Israel listerHannah Ann Dubois Dibble wife of Philo 1 ney snook Hands, sat down and soon Dibble, who died in Springville, Utah, Oct. 28th . . si f a 4t Vi f 4 J f urrenuer, me icius-cagiccu vpni 9m. 1893, aged 85 years 2months and 2a dayvwas oorn innPedr ck Town Sa1fm m; t - - ww. VV"VH Embraced the in Gospel Philadelphia in 180 and the Great Civil War was at an end. Dassed through the npixpmtirme :....r.oy - . Are removed to the Ricketts Block Corner State and 3rd, South Sts. Salt '.' Lake City. Suffering women will do well 4o investigate this remedy, as it is fully to be a cure for diseases of wo-proven s men Send for a Health Book. r ge '. er -- M THE VIAVI OFFICES co-labo- rers, 1 1 .. SL-Geor- r - '. . KJl r ihp V lit UCi fl ' Quints with her husband! ua a mmK. r irbi rvcuci jutivi ui uciuj; recommend ed thereto by the Prophet Joseph Smith. - She was also the only person present when Patriarch his sons; gathered to Joseph Smith Sen'r blessed Utah with the Saints in 1851, was a faithful mern-be- r of the Relief Society in Springville and when the Ward was divided became a member of the 1st Ward Relief Society where she. resided; although too feeble to take an active part therein. She manifested the utmost patience during her painful illness of. 12 weeks; and: , Whereas our Heavenly Father has called her home as a shock of corn fully ripe, therefore: I Resolved That we the members of the Relief Society emulate her noble example, her, unswerving integrity, her cheerfulness under trying circumstances and her patient resignation to the will of her Heavenly Father. Resolved That we hold her memory sacred and imitate her amiable and patient disposition and her many virtues. . Resolved That we presenta copy of these Resolutions to her bereaved family, also that they be recorded in- - the Record Book of the SocieTy, and a copy be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Com. . mond. On the" morning: - of March 2Qth , it began, Sheridan's advance led to the battle of five forks, next morning at daybreak, a general assault upon the Confederate lines was made and 'before noon the entire exterior defenses were captured. "In Richmond, for it was Sunday the people had . : dSCiUUJCU,i - the death It is with deep regret, that we record B. Fletcher, . . talORlAM. r ' , ffi. D. her nextxdass in Obstetrics and - Nursing abou t the middle of October. Office, 34 East 5ti South. Iehone 3fi3t ; 