WOMAN S EXPONENT. 114 "You know why he married beneath him," said Lady Walton now fully roused but repenting the moment she had spoken' lest he should make a scene, Lord Walton screamed, "yes do know, and you repent, no doubt, not having beu the companion of his "solitude, the mistress of that tumble down castle, you never forget to taunt me with this dissolute old Baron, from whom I saved you, what sort - of life would a woman fond of society have had with him? YouJ ought to be very grateful to me for the the ably for a lady of her time quite out of in ordinary routine of titled dames, and no fact she began to realize that she was IN RURAL ENGLAND. XXVIII. - 1ntirpr vnimcr. mid i t had a sort of depress ing effect that was in a measure salutary, though it is not strange mai sne iuuufu and grieve when shut out, as it were, from those who had flattered "and worship-no- d nt lipr shrine of beautvand accomplish ments. The fact.was she had nothing sub-- : stantial to fall back" upon; soured witn disappointments and vexed - almostlbeyond endurance with the repinings of her husparTplayed in tlii3iiiatter7tho' younever band whom she could never please; not. knew it all, nor ever will now he is dead." Lady Walton controlled her temper well, even "when she made every exertion to do she knew more than he wras awareiof, but so; more often, however, they quarreled and sometimes Lady Walton looked upon was too wrise to betray the knowledge she her life, not only as a failure but a burden.-Al- had gained on that eventful night when aimless lives such as hers hadjbeen, be-- , the Baron had unlocked the portals of come monotonous when by circumstances past. there is something to disclose and "Then bustle to leave the one is compelled turmoil of the gay world, and retire to home more than. I know, welLkeep. ..the cret-buried ' I haveno wish or desire to hear it, dung- to her- as'thotrglr life Trad xountrypleasuresT" The ambition she were her mother or older sister; she for show and vanity that had characterized for what could it avail now be .it what it seemed to care less for Lady Walton senior, the life of this beautiful and attractive might, we are neither of us young,- and and to be less infatuated with society; in lady had; received a severe blow, almost a should not repine at our lot, while we have fact she had begun to comprehend the reschastisement, and yet she could not find our children left to maintain the honor and of the ponsibilities of married life and looked to consolation in religion never having devoted dignity of the house and name "-havto time or attention the subject,instead her cousin as the examplar of all that was Jamily." beautiful and lovely as a wife and mother; ing lived in quite another atmosphere "Your moralizing is new Helen methiuks and yet she felt her love for Maitland surwhere those higher and holier aspirations when did you become so much of a of the soul were held in a sort of irreverence. passed in quality that of Jane for the docphilosopher, then I suppose you will give and how not to it conform to astonished her see delibereven Lord Walton would tor, up this visit to London, and content yourate and calm Mrs. Bland ,was on all mat- - the usages and obligations of the Church of self playing checkers with me instead of ters of equal interest to husband and wife England except as his position required him renewing acquaintance - with my former whereas she wras impulsive, exacting and to, and his wife had never given the slightest companions in the.gay metropolis, well for selrish. thought to such matters, save when some you, they are not all to be trusted when . fashionable friend had interceded with her husbands are rheumatic and must keep at Lady Walton decided to return to London without her cousin and insisted upon for her influence in some charitable home, I'm glad Helen you are so reasonher promising a visit during the coming undertaking. .i able." which was to the winter, plan Lady Walton was much interested hi her presented "I shall certainly go to London Henry, doctor and agreed to before ' her departure. son's wife and wanted to spend the winter but if you cannot remain here I will take although the doctor was reluctant, vet he in London, made up her mind to do so you with me, and wait, upon you there, "but wished he migh even against the - protest -- of fief husband," "go I must and will. There will be some instead "of another physician, arid was who declared it was only a whim, and lie society in the house, Dr. Bland and wife aware one would be needed ere long. could not consent to her absence. . arid that may help me to pass the- time more ..u t -" ho Wever7"with or withont easily, Mrs. Bland you remember is the' sfralrgo when Anna had started on her wedding your approval," said Lady Walton one most clever woman and may even interest tour, and many tears were shed and kisses evening after they had argued the point, you. I recollect your telling me the high interchanged, for both ladies felt the near- rather excitedly. "I cannot endure; this opinion Burke and Hemenway had of this ness of kin and the bonds of womanhood sort of thing much" longer and besides Anna woman years ago, do you recall that united them in common sympathy. has no mother to be with her or sister young what they said of her?" As for Maitland he had paid little attention either, and it is my duty. ' ' ' "Yes I have not forgotten, but I do not 'Duty, echoed to his wife, during her visit occupying her her husband, duty indeed, have you no admire suchascwlinewomentiknowas time in hunting, fishing and racing, and sense of the duties of--a wife, no doubtyou muchs menTcari talk on any subject, fit among his former associates, 'a jolly good will rejoice to see the families of Walton to sit in Parliaments none of that for me, fellow;" Anna knew he was less tender and and Hilliard still futher united in another couldn't be under the same roof with her; scrupulously attentive but reasoned that generation, there seems to be a fatality in rules her husband, will ruin his practice when she had him all to herself again, he the affair, why should my. son fall in love doubtless, had no dower to bring him would be more devoted, in fact made every ,with' that girl? Only that you were infatueither poor fellow." excuse possible as women ever do for those ated with the father," and this in ;a tone of "But he was desperately in love with her beloved. She would give up all for him bitter exasperation. and as for the dower, her uncle left her a while he made no sacrifice for her, and was One would think you mieht be satisfied legacy, and she has a son that is somewhat rather glad to show him how willingly she when the is lineage yours, don't you want of a dower for the old doctor, who miht relinquished all her old preferences for his youFriameperpetuated?"-- - -have been her father by his age. She will dear sake. His mother was very unhappy, ' 'That have .been done as might the father was a helpless invalid and Maitland had chosen a Chatham or aeasily if not interfere with you no fear of that, she Mowry would soon observe your antipathy for wo. chronically jealous, and poor Lady Walton why the deuce should he go after that Hilmen of opinions; ' ' and so the dispute ended really had a sad time of lit; far dWereat lo. liard there were dozens to choose amicably without either giving in. the palmy days of her earlier womanhood from?" NexlS2P1BS Ladyjvlton :gavrders when she had been considered the reigning "Because sheas theimost'lovplv to the household that everything was to be belle in the iocalitywhere . she -- lived; and tractive in"all the country rcund, and , gM ready for the journey to London within a one' who always created a sensation among you yoursen my JUord, cannot help confesssociety women in London during the ing that." - week; she knew the steward would carry .77the news to his master forthwith and she fashionable season. "The girl is well enough, n was prepared to maintain her position even Lady Walton was" a gifted woman intel- and accomplished hasn'tmuch spirit though if it cost a struggle..! lectually and now that she was! left muchl too lackadaisical for my liking, nothing Lord Walton fretted and fumed and to herself and to wait upon an invalid husvery fine about her. common rT f swore vigorously but it had no effect upon band, her thoughts turned more in the tier lather was common v, xuithi enough his wife unless to make her more determined direction of such pursuits and small charities and high aristocratic temper to go, and In less than a week, notions, marto those about her household and in her ried a they were and brings her son here to rank packed-insidgipsy immediate, vicinity. This gave her some e With, gentleman,-disowns"Min his life satisfaction, trad shr also scribbled consider ing towards the capital. Luckilv the time." Tim visit of Lady Anna Walton to the old home and to her cousin was very pleasant, and proved to her old friends, how true '. and womanly she was in . her affections, and that time and travel and .new scenes could not wean her from the old, nor change her friendship towards those beloved in earlier days. It was quite remarkable that she should have so much native dignity and elegance, and be so constant and sincere, considering the pernicious teaching and example of French governesses; but it was due in a great measure to the influence and sound judgment of cousin Jane, and also to. the inheritance of a noble ancestry, in fact Lady Anna had good blood in her veins. 7". .. She thoroughly appreciated now the sensible advice of her wiser and more J xc-pi- ue . . - . -- l that-buried- ."" ... - discreet-eousin,au- d -se- -- - - . . " : -- ; - : ; -- '. . " T - . ' 1 ; r" . -- girl-whe- . s f- ' ' t sweet-spoke- " m Doctor-who- -- 