WOMAN'S '.EXPONENT R. S. REPORTS. . JUAB STAKTv. . 150 SAXl'KTK. efficacy of prayer, cleanliness, .Tin; Relief Society Conference' of the ; taking the Deseret Hospital; and teaching our children obedience to the priesthood and the law of tithing' Word of Wisdom, observance of the Sabbath and fast days, were treated by these sisters in a very pleasing and instructive manner. We enjoyed the visit and their instructions very much-nnr- l liOiv ih,r - will rnmr MiiAIIJl cnAa W I President C. D.White was pleased with the counsel we had had. Thought if it o were carried out our lives would be happier and more useful. The Stake officers were Unanimously sustained by the conference as follows: Eucinda Howd, Pres." S. M. Dell, 1st Coun. Eydia White, 2nd Coun.. Eouissa Jones, Sec. EourssA Jonks, Stake Sec. ExpONKNT.sustainingthe Sanpete Stake of Zion held in Ephraim, March.n, 1893. Counselor Sarah Petersen presiding Singing, "O give me back my Prophet dear' Prayer by Bro. R. N. Allred. Singing, "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire." Statistical and financial report of the Relief Scraetyof-th- e Stake read, also a .letter from President M A P Hyde. The Relief Society of Mt. Pleasant', Fairview, Fountain Green, Ephraim and Payette were each reported as being in a flourishing condition. Counselor Minerva W. Snow felt that we had been edified by .the sisters that had spoken. Said here before me are some of the children of our Father in Heaven and those who are striving to keep the commandments of God. Seek unto .the r. Eord in humility. The NOTES AND NEWS. Relief Society- - was organized were faithful and - diligent in preforming the by .their duties, the poor were well provided Prophet Joseph. We are working with Mrs. will attend the men who hold the Holy Priesthood. .We World's Fenwick 'MiuKR for. Had a great desire to attend the dedicaof Representative Women are Vonderfully blessed by , having the as an Congress ' tion of the Temple official Representative from the of in the privilege working Holy Temple. Women's Franchise League of England, Counselors Amy E. Bigler expressed some at of her labors in the and will deliver an address Spoke length thankfulness at being present, sickness preupon "Wives Manti Advised us to studv Temple. our and -- Mothers Their Civil Duties,7 1 n the venting her meeting with us for some time, duties to the best of our and ask the ability desired- - an - interest in the prayers of the Department Congress' of the National to us. We assist Eord should' ourAmerican Woman Suffrage Association. prepare society, that she may ever be faithful to the selves we that be inof niay worthy going cause, and do the will of her Heavenly "Some of our most celebrated women to the Salt Eake Let be humus Temple. Father continually. Sister Rebecca Udall, ble and prayerful continually that we may are going over to Chicago for "The World's the and faithful labors of the be praised energy counted worthy of the blessings of our Fair." Among them are Mrs. Feu wick sisters of the North Ward of Nephi, her Miller, the distinguished authoress, journaHeavenly Father. If We see a sister that list faith in the Gospel had never faltered, desired and lecturer. Mrs. Miller will doubtless seems to be on the downward "track, let us to be present at the" dedication of the Temto her and speak kindly nd try to lead write an account of the Pair for some of the go' '. of ple Temples. her in the right path. She may have had Eondon papers, and I am glad to hear that she is also going to show the Americans Counselors Hannah Jones, urged the trials that have been hard to bear. Ex how an Englishwoman can speak. Among sisters to criticize their hearts that.no wrong horted us to try and be more linked and our feelings exist therein, bore a faithful testiplatform speakers Mrs. Miller is almost strive to live livesrof holiness. She is never nervous, she has mony, religion we are engaged in. ... Apostle Lund expressed his pleasure in asupreme. ..1 an excellent and goou manner, presence, Sister Bessie Kendall and Sister. Elizabeth sisters in their conference.; .1 hennHful Arul hp 1m ihn cnKt1 vnirp Miller rejoiced in the work, desired to live Said, We do not live, this life A incommunicable only art of being able to enchain firm and faithful. greater object is in view, viz. , eternal life. " the attention of crowds of- - people. I large The good you do here is preparing you UII 1. i. t. ji i r ucue ..t.c. Jbuclor auout" lions of respect gotten up by the sisters of fbr""heTeafterr""Iird6inir eood' vo ashless two months.pi upuhe she wonder I will introif the Juarez Relief Society,' Mexico, in yourself as well as your husband. - Do not duce to Brother Johuathan her lecture on speak of the evils of others but be kind and Eondon memory of our beloved friend and Sister, Society? 1. fancy it' would prove charitable to all. Strive to help bear the Matilda E. Teasdeal. one of the most popular lectures ever deburdens of others and your own will be livered in Bro, Charles Sperry felt that each; asAmerica." come lighter. Blessed the sisiers in all sociation were mutually interested together From the "Hearth and Home" of Eng-lantheir endeavors to do good. Sister M. W. '' for the same cause, desired those ...that ' to Snow the sisters remember requested snouia go to the Temple to have their" Not long since the Roman Church was Sister M. A. P. Hyde in their prayers lamps trimiiied and burning, hoped none the only one to observe the Easter season, that felt themselves unworthy would enter Counselor Sarah Peterson exhorted us JoJall but tnat holy Temple, felt that the Spirit of diligence in keeping the commandments of over of late years the custom has spread all the Christian world and at Easter tide ) Uod. baid we did not comprehend the day God was in our midst. the churches vie with each other in their in wnicn wre live, mat we nave tne privilege Prest. Pitchforth spoke of the non reprebeautiful floral decorations, trailing vines sentations of the Tuah. Levari and Eureka of going into the Temples. Sister Helen Armstrong was unanimousiv and potted plants are ... on every side, but the branches, the unfavorable weather having flower most used for the Easter decoration sustained as the corresponding secretary of prevented their attendance, had recently is fair the tall Easter lily. In Bermuda at the Stake. Conference adjourned for three visited the branches, they wrere in a flourishthis of the time year there are vast fields of months. Choir sang, We thank thee O, ing condition, all seemed toeniov the soirit these lilies klorious .bowing: and .swavincr in God, for a Prophet;" Benediction by Bro. of their callings, felt to rejoice in the hum-hi- e X. Christensen. the April winds. What a wonderful sierht spirit of our meeting, prayed that the 1 this would be to us who so admire but rare Mary Ann Frantzen, Stake Sec. Spirit of God might rest on all present. v ly see this graceful flower. riiskop Warner felt that all who entered If I only could write the colors . the Temple would recieve a . therefblessing Of the lilacs towering plumes, rom, exhorted all ' to live up to their Relief Ti IE quarterly Conference of the J- And make you feel in. a Lsentence . T!ie spell of its swe pf rfumcs." set Bessie was was Kendall eieges. bister neia in tne Lr. u. CDOciety 01 tms Dtae apart as first Counselor and Emma Cole as S. Meeting House, Beaver City, Aug. 6th, : ApRii,tlie month of hope the mouth of second Counselor of the North Ward of 1892. " President Eucinda Howd presiding. promise. How we laugh in its sweet sun. ... Nephi. : After the usual jv opening exercises the shine, how we weep it its soft rains. What Spirit of God was poured out in local Presidents reported their respective fanciful though ts possess, us as we watch the nch abundance upon the speakers and. an branches of the Relief Society as being in purple glow in its twilight thoughts of old humble forgiving spirit prevailed with all good condition and doing all they could to folk's love sweet memories of the past fill fulfill their mission. The7 statistical and our soul and with the setting sun tears fall benediction was pronounced by Patriarch financial reports were then read. The bal-- " from eyes that but a moment since were y radiant with ance- 01 Hie time- - was- - iiiostioeeupita-D- y ':Zl . . adjourned lor thre- The Quarterly Confereiicc of Juab Stake Relief Society was held at Nephi, March President Mary Pitchforth 19th, 1893.presiding, after opening exercises, of singing and prayer, President Pitchforth addressed the conference, referred to the first organizations in Nauvoo, fifty-on- e years 'since, spoke of the circumstances of those thankful for these as-- , early days, felt sociatious; spoke of the dedication of the Temple, of the benefits and blessings that we may derive therefrom, urged the sisters to look into their hearts that there be 110 feelings or obstacles in the way to prevent them recieving a blessing. Sister Ann Williey represented the South Ward of Nephi, the officers' and teachers - - 'ifT'-jit- i I V -- M w " . . T : : -- ; ' to-th- ' e . meeting-.Ayjththe- . . - 1 - - - ' d. .... - .v ' - . " " 4 BEAVER-STAKE- -t . , -- EfJ,KN E. GOLDSBROUGH. . Stake See. R. S. - - -- -- .... ilvJllUu Eardly. Such topics as: keeping minutes . ... 1 smiiesr'"" love is like an April - "day, all smiles all e Iienrt 