112 EXPONENT. WOMAN'S husband, father, mother, sisters and relatives told them notto weepfor tomorrow would be President Joseph E. Taylor, Bishop D. B. Brin her brightest day. Sister Annie was the mother . jance nanbun, anu ton, Nell, John Bishop to be morally great the wish translating several nf the. brethren. of five children two boys and three girls. She oldest a lovely boy itself, into moral endeavor. We can all at The remains were followed to. the Salt Lake was called to part with her when eleven months old, also her second child a tain that supremacy; and to the weakest cemeterv. bv a concourse of relatives and mends beautiful girl at the age of sixteen months, which to pay their last respects to the dear departed one. and poorest debarred by nature and society Ti L.. If U.. T1. was a severe trial. Jj!-.- J i ne grave was aeuicaieu tnitia. jdmo from personal prosperity is opened the noble: Mother," she would exclaim "I weep for my Eliza b etii I I ill, Pres. . children, because they are not," she has gone to Frances H. Hanson. Sec. path of moral grandeur the royal road of joiit them, where there is no more sickness or virtue. sorrow, "Blessed are they that die in the Lord OBITUARIES. for their reward is sure. May the Lord comfort , , Margaret Iceland, the novelist, is fond ' ; mourn. that those V of snakes. One summer, when she was Resolution of respect to the memory of She leaves two lo'vely 'little girls anda baby al this boy-eigboarding in the country, the land-loradevoted husband, parents, Sister Permelia Drury days' old; was to loath restrictions She Utah. 1802. life. Coalville. SeD. five 6th at sisters, to mourn her loss. one brother and lay any though very; to married was 1821 The funeral services were held at the family ;and upon his charming guest, was finally born on August 20th; III. Laban Nauvoo in the Fourth Ward, the speakers were Morrill at 22na, residence obliged to tell her that he must ask her to 1877. Having ioined the Church ieDuary in an early day, the Bishop's Counselers of the Fourth Ward, also discontinue her habit of bringing; home hard the and ihe Elders George Saville, and ToseohlR. Carlisle nf persecution passed. through jhe them: in and snakes her one as it Mill Creek Ward. The. remarks' were very con- keeping . room," ships shared by the baints in those days, ' ' ' ' . . . : .. . f . tj . t uruuicr-virusime otner was the mother of nine children, eight Sons ana sonng 10 me was a cause 01r- greai uneasiness to oercavcu.j ridumy. one daughter. She leaves a husband seven years spoke highly of Sister Mickesel he had been acboarders. her senior six sons and one daughter with grand quainted with hef from childhood: ' By invitation of the officers of the Colum children and friends to mourn her loss in our Amongst these present were President E. Hill and C. E.Snedaker of the Relief Societv of Mill bian Exposition, the General Federation of midst she has been a worthy Counselor andallPresi who Creek Ward, also Clara E. Carlisle President nf dent; her. work is worthy of emulation by Women s Clubs will hold a council in Chica knew her. Her faith and hope in the iuture yX.-L4.-andm go next July. Mrs. Faxing P. PalmeOof. --were unshaken-.- She had the respect of all and ciates who came to pay their last 'respects to the "the" Providence (R. I.) men's Club, is has gone to rest to wait the resurrection morning. dear departed, one. ,, ;.o i :s Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be t chairman ot the committee ot the General alhertina r J jNorth. a copy presented to our upon minutes, printed Federation for the World's Fair. The Neiv her family and one be published in the expoCycle for,Deceml)er, contains a portrait of nent. v DOCTOR MAT-TIHUGHES CANNON, v ... Mrs. Palmer. Why should you sorrow death is sweet, To those that dip in Jesus love, Office: II South, First West Street. A society unique among women's orThough called to part you soon will meet, Office practice for Diseases of Women "from 2 In holier, happier climes above. ganizations of a national character is the For all the faithful Christ will save until 4 p. m. Woman's Republican Association of the And crown with victory o'er the grave. United States. .The decision of this society There's consolation in the blow, to become a member of the National Coun-- : Although it crush a tender tie, ; cil of women of the United States adds For while it lays its victim low, Death opens to the world's on high, greatly to the value of the latter organization, Celestial glories proudly wave the aim of which is to represent not num-- '" Above.the Confines of thergfave. 7 " ::'U Keeps on Hand'-,..::bers but ideas. ' ' '7 " But where the light the glorious light, At the present writing the National Couii-- . DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY Of revelation flows, ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS treely cil of, women consists of thirteen national Let reason faith and hope unite, AND STATIONERY, EQUIorganizations of women pursuing thirteen To hush our sorrows to repose, POISE WAISTS, ETC. ... different lines of work all for the betterment Through faith in Him who died to save Dress leaking; in all its branches,, millinery, iates We'll shout Hosannah's o'er the grave. of the present conditions and the uplifting styles, lints and KonneU cleaned and retrimmed- Sarah J. Sudweeks. of humauity.Among these are missionary Feather curledvetc. Stamplpsf Jono to order Bnt asso Resolutions of res nirt fo thp mpmorv nf Sw- of education, peacer social purity , suffrage, ter Mary Ellen Woodhouse White who departed SOUTH STItKET, TTn 0 tp FIIIST u r.u - o c iifn c xi j. KJJ Three doors west of Theatre. iuc mu, icy, one was uorn m temperance, and philanthropy.. .cpLcinuci Adwick. Lee Street-- Yorkshire. KnHand Tnnp. n: "T848. "Emigrated 'IwTtHTier parents' to St. Louis, MRS. M. E- - VANM. D. subsequently to Salt Lake Valley. IN MEMORIAM. . vvnereas, uur Heavenly in His inhnite HAS REMOVED her office, from Constitution wisdom has removed from our midst our beloved to We are calledto, mourn the death of our belov Sister Mary Ellen Woodhouse her Building resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. White, and Office 2 ed Sister Isabella Hood Hill Hamilton, who died to 4pm hours, She labored faithfully as Treasurer of dropsy and heart disease Dec. 2nd 1892. She 01 Whereas, me Kenei was a generous and was born on the 18th day of Aug. 1849, atScotts useful membersociety, and thereof, and a kind and well beBluffs, now State of Wyoming:. Daughter of. loved mother and neighbor. There-- . companion, Patriarch Alexander and Agnes Hood Hill. Marfore be it ried Nor. 28th 1S74 to Bishop lames C. Hamilton. Resolved; that we the officers arid memSister Hamilton was the mother of fourteen chilbers of the Beaver Ward Relief Society mourn dren, eight sons and six daughters ten of whom her loss, realiztng that we have lost an efficient are living, who with their surviving parent feel officer and noble sister. C their loss very severely. That we tender our heartfelt sym26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st Sdtitb St. Resolved, Sister Isabella was a member of the Relief to her bereaved husband Elder S. O. pathy Society and for many years held the office of White, also to her teacher, she was faithful in the performance of her - Resolved, That achildren, copy of these resolutions be duties working for the benefit of the Society in on the Record of the Relief Society, and placed visiting the poor, and comforting those in trouble. a copy be sent to the bereaved family and to the She was quiet and Unassuming in her disposition "Woman's Exponent." but firm in the principles of her religion, in the Ruth W. Tyler, President. persecutions that the Saints have had to endure, M. T. Tanner, Alice Secretary. she passed through many trying times; when her Beaver Nov. 1892. 7th, City, husband suffered, imprisonment for his religious belief, she bore up with fortitude and patience, Sister Annie Mikesel and daughand many testimonies she bore to the truth of the terInofmemory of and Frances H. Booth HansenJDe- George Gospel of Jesus Christ. 1 life Oct. 22nd, 1S92. Born this parted Sept 6th, ; She was a loving wife and mother one of those Mill Creek Ward, where she resided at i860, with precious ones whom to know, is to love; her kin her until her parents faithwas She a marriage. dred ties are numerous there being a large family ful worker irtthe Sabbath Sclnol,-a-n activemem , of brothers; andjsistersirelatives : tindr 10 friends; A- - also Ass't. e Y-- L M- er,.1" Sec in the mourn her loss. , Our heart-fe- lt exis sympathy Relief When the "Home Society..; Dramatic tended to the bereaved family. Club was organized in the Ward she was chosen DerSLsterw ,that yur home mission has a member, in these duties she was faithful and efbeen filled, the Spirit has been released from its ficient. She was gentle and retiring in her earthly Tabernacle to perform a work beyond the disposition. She very was a - Your dememory will ever be enshrined in the voted wife and mother. dutiful daughter-an-d yeil. hearts of your of the Relief Society was earnest in the work of God all her life, TINNERS . The funeral services were held in .' She CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS the Mill Creek in her dying moments she bore a strong testiWard House Dec. 5th 1892; notwithstanding it -to the truth of her religion, it seemed the Agent for RUMSEY!S celebrated LIFT and FORO being a very stormy day; the house was packed mony of the vision world to which she was so shortly PUMPS. Pompg Repaired on short notice. Orders from to its utmost. ' r to be removed was opened to her'view she ' ' Services were conducted be country promptly responded to,...,.... -spoke by Counselor James fcer bfken-heart?rd!.L?ou.ra?.n3ent-,,t' What a grand thing it is to feel that we can live if we will! It wants only the wish . atwcoriate Hanson: made by e remarks-wer- - -- : T T f ; -- ' : ' i d, Morrill-.who-departe- ht d . ; -- t- - 1 1 1 e ; A. - ; , . E . , ' ' - . " - siefcand 1 " - 1 !- . ; ; : - , . The Leading Retail . ; ; ; co-labor- ers - a ed A73) ;iKZ3 Box 3C5t JLAX C1T., 