130 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. WORLD'S CONGRESS OF WOMEN Under the Auspices of the lVo??ian's Bracnh of the World's Congress Aux1893. iliary, Chicago, May 15-2, . r 2, Onk of the interesting subjects on the Programme. of this Congress will be "The Solidarity of Human Interests," and it will be treated of by an interesting woman, Madame Isabel Bogelof, of France. At the International Council of Women held in Washington in 1888, Madame Boge-lo- t was the representative of ' 'The - Work for the Women Liberated from Nthe Prison of St. Lazare,V a philanthropic organization of which she is the Directress General in Paris, and to which she gives her life work;" All those who attended the session of, the international Council remember well the charming face and naive expression of this child-likwoman of middle age, with gray hair, fast whitening, dark bright eyes and a fresh complexion, of middle stature, with thoroughly, a quick impulsive gestures, French woman and thoroughly lovable "she was to all who came to know her. She will be an attraction at the sessions of the Woman's Congress. Madame Bogelot holds the office of Treasurer of the permanent International Council of Women which .was organized at Washington in 1888. , The Committee of Arrangements having this Congress in charge has already secured some fine speakers for the sessions in the two large auditoriums of the Art Palace. These Halls seat each about twenty-fiv- e hundred people, an audience which may reasonably hope. to. hear, the various women address them. Inwho will undertake-tdeed, this question of ability to be easily heard in a hall of this size, has been a factor in the- decisions of the on Programme, and the speakers have been selected with a view to their ability, not , only to say wise and witty things, but to say them in tones easily audible to interested audiences. Among the topics and speakers already secured are the following: The Civil and Social Evolution of Woman, by Elizabeth Cady Stanton. ' Woman the New Factor in Economics, e' . . . o Sub-Committ- ee - , - . . by Augusta Cooper Bristol. Our Debt to Brussels, by Dr. Marie Popelin. Dr. Popelin is the Belgium Woman with whose name many American women became familiar a few years ago through read- ing of her efforts to open the legal profesThese efforts sion to her country-womewere finallcrowned with the success which Dr, Popelin certainly deserved, and she is at present a recognized legal practitioner in , , n. Brussels.,, ;, Brussels is known the world over as the city of free speech. " No matter how stringent the laws, in regard to men's actions, they are there free to express ideas ranging all the way from ultra conservatism through the entire gamut of "isms" to' the rankest anarchy. As a result of this protection of freedom of speech, Brussels has been the hostess of. a wonderful series of Congresses and Conventions dealing with every imaginable subject ofmodern thought It is with this phase of Brussels' history that Dr. Popelin 's address will deal. This great Congress will open the grand series of World's Congresses which will continue until the end of the Exposition. 1 he building m which all the Congresses , , , . - 4 will convene is not upon the Exposition grounds, as many persons seem to suppose;' If the Congresses were held there, all those attending them would have to pay lar admission to the Exposition. The Art Institute of Chicago is a new building now approaching completion, situated upon the Lake front, quite near the Auditorium Hotel. It will be entirely given up to the Congress Auxiliary for the six months of the Exposition. It contains two auditoriums, each seating twenty-fiv- e hundred people, and about twenty, small er halls, ranging in seating capacity from three hundred to eight hundred. Some of these will be occupied as the offices of the World's Congress Auxiliary, but at least fifteen will be left for the use, of the Con This gives opportunity, in those gresses. Congresses which hold three sessions daily, for thirty-six- sessions weekly in large auditoriums, and tw hundred and seventy sessions weekly in the Department Halls. During the week of the Congress of Representative Women, the entire building, exclusive of the offices occupied by the Congress Auxiliary, will be at the service We believe of the Woman's Congress. case with any other single this is not the Congress, and the reason is obvious. The, General Congresses will show, each in its own Department, the intellectual advances made m all the realms of thought and ef fort by men and women, without special regard paid to the question of which sex performed the work, and they will have five months in which to show this. The Woman's Congress, on the other hand, will endeavor in one week to set forth briefly, but at thV same "time broadly and compre hensively, the relation of woman to the world's work. The addresses will be on topics calculated to show the relation ;of woman to the subject m hands';? The Reports all over the world (these Reports arenot to be presented orally at the Congress but to be published afterward) will endeavor to give a resume of the relation of woman to' Edu cation, Industry, Literature and Art, Phil-- ' anthropy and Charity, Moral and Social Reform, Civil Law and Government, Science and Philosophy, and to Religion in every country where woman is recognized as a factor in the national life. The management of the Woman's Con- gress is' in the hands, of the Committee of Arrangements of the Woman's Branch of the World's Congress Auxiliary of which Mrs. Potter Palmer is President and Mrs. ChaS. Henrotin, It has been decided to hold but two sessions daily in the main auditorium and in the Department Congresses, in order to leave the afternoons free for social intercourse, and a has charge of arranging a series of informal receptions to take place ' during, the Congress.. Over forty organizations in this country and more than that number from' other in the Woman's countries are Congress, by sending representatives to present their work during its sessions. In order to give greater opportunity for the presentation of the organized work of women, all national associations of women in the United States have received the invitation to use for one day a Department Hall in the range .for Department Congresses and are at work upon their Programmes, striving to makex them as strong as possible and each desiring to be considered an addition to the other attractions of jthe Congress RacheiaFosT&k. Avery Secretary. the second; of March, at the close of the Relief Society; meeting of which Sister Hannah Raymond is the President, Soda Springs Idaho, the friends and acquaintance of Sister Raymond who were not at meetings marched intothe meetinghouse loaded down with good things etc: and the surprise to Sister Raymond, who' was eignty years 01a, mat aay was complete as she had" not the slightest idea that her friends had such a treat ; in store for her. She seemed to think" she was youngbnce more? and appreciated the honors shown her by her many friends in a manner becoming a thankful person many years' younger . At Vice-Preside- sub-committ- nt. ee 1 . co-operati- ng Art Institute. These Department Congresses will be of the managed entirely by the officers " Already organizations holding them. decided to ar- twenty organizations have . 0, . J " - , 3-3- . . . . A BIRTHDAY SURPRISE. . . ; Y Sister Raymond 'has many friends as was shown by those present' as the .company assembled, was composed of ..both members and non members of the Mormon Church; she being a lady much respected by all who knew her. Sister Raymond was one of ,the Pioneers who crossed the plains River to Utah in early days in th first hand cart company that ever undertook that hard trip, and she has suffered all the hardships and privations of a pioneer life, she has been the mother of thirteen children, five of whom are living. She was married at the age of twenty and has lived a life, that has made friends of all who ever became acquainted with her. ' ; ' A temporary table was soon prepared' after her" many friends filled into the meeting house and was quickly covered with the many good things, prepared by the sisters, both oldjknd young, as all took active part. While the sumptuous dinner was being prepared the Sunday Spool girls rendered '. several Songs and radiations, to their credit.' There were over pft$ of the more elderly people seated attnefirst: table with Sister Raymond at the head and after Bishop' Lau returned thanks upon the food and his , blessing upon Sister Raymond all without an exception appeared to enjoy their dinner.'.- When the .first table was through, nearly as many young ladies, gentlemen and children were again seated and there were many baskets left, and with ' the food left there were a number of age&people who could not attend made to know and remember the .,'.;'.. , from-Missour- i -- 4-.- occasion. After the meal was over Bishop Lau call-- . e6V tfcfe assembly to order and Elder II; 3r woolley read the patriarchal blessing Sister Hannah Raymond received under the hands of John Young Patriarch on Dec. 10th, i86ifc Among other blessings pronounced upon the head of Sister Raymond was' that she should live as long as life was sweet to her; After the reading of the blessing a recess was taken and later in the' Jevenins: those who desired assembled toreiijpyr ;themselvea in a dance and Sister Raymqiopened the dance in as gay a manner asliady of;forty could do; and the ' pray efajjjd 'benediction of all was that Sister Rayr&ond might see many more birthday sand enjoy them asshe had the one on her eightieth birthday. H,.L, W. y. 5 . ; 7 