WOMAN'S 182 that lie must have perfect rest ' and quiet both of body and mind. Lady Anna was very devoted to her former guardian and relied much upon his judgment in all matters, as well as those relating to the profession, and she felt it would be hard for her to go. anywhere without his advice and encouragement; it seemed to almost overcome her, for the rst few days in the cottagervwhitliersheiiastened at the call of cousin Janr she was prostrated with a nervous weakness brought on by giving way to the disappointment she felt, when " her cousin decided they must all " remain . in-Engla- Maitland had been passive in regard to going, and things seemed to tend ' hi that direction. ' Lady Anna cared very little for Walton "...Hall she had never enjoyed being there, it was a grand place,, but not. at all to her ' liking; Milliard ; Castle was much ..more to her taste and. as for the Walton's friends and visitors, she had no sympathy whatever with their pursuits ; or inclinations. She had always shrank more or less from society of which Lady Walton was one of the chief attractions, and longed for the restfulness and solitude of the wild and unfrequented places near the old castle where she was born and reared. Lord Walton's only sister was an popular society woman and had prided herself on Anna's peculiar style of beauty and originality, and fancied she could create a sensation by taking her under her wing so to speak, and visiting some of the fashionable watering places when the season was at its height. Finding herself unsuccessful with her niece she endeavored to gain her point with Maitland and meeting him one morning alone in the breakfast room while visiting at the Hall determined to try her skill and accosted, him with the " em-iment- ly -- remarkf Doiftyou jyourfesra ddnmeXous-'from-- -- thmk:lhatrj in., this morning till night, and you always away at races, or. sporting exercises, hunting or fishing, not a companion to speak to, or friend to confide in, she has no relative. you know, and I should so like to take her out with me by your permission? It is the gay season now at watering places, and she is very beautiful would Xis great arbelie asrypur " mother was in her palmiest days. " v "My wife Aunt, is very diffident, and you could not persuade her to leave our boy; however, if she would give up the thought of leaving England, or the seaside would take her attention, it would be new, and she has never been to the seashore; you 'may try Aunt Kate; her father never took "her anywhere, but let her roam over the old Milliard estate, woods and grounds, and it was free from other incumbrance, now,-i- f I do believe she would prefer to live : " ure ; there." Aunt Kate was delighted to think Mait- land was so easily won over to her side and :determine&:to; and have a gay summer of it. How little she knew the sort of material with which she had to deal. .Lovely in disposition as" Lady Anna seemed she had also an obstinate side like her father when she chose to show it, and she had fully made up her mind to go, and to take Maitland and baby away from the people and amusements that had so completely absorbed him since their marriage; she considered it her sacred duty, she had expected devotion from him, and" neglect had been the result; and-"coldnes- s" EXPONENT. she would trv snmemore effectual means than 1nv5;1iin(T nffpetion iinon him. It was not long until Kate .Walton , (a spinster of uncertain age) found a fitting opportunity to try her powers of persuasion n non her uenhew's wife, she was Ollt gathering flowers for the table, a habit she had, her amusements were not many, and she loved the flowers, she was like a fragile Jilyjierself in her jwhite morning gownt and as Aunt Kate came near she complimented her beauty, but added, you are as delicate as the most sensitive flower, you -withr need change - - airrnd-scen- er I ramie o - of me to the seashore, leave off brooding over things you "cannot help you will soon bring the roses back you have lost since baby came." ' 'Aunt Kate she answered almost sharply I am going away, to have a decided change, to another country America, the new world and everything will be be changed then, it must be, I cannot endure the pain I am bearing now; life is wearisome." Lady Anna was not prepared for Aunt Kate's re- ply but herready wit came to her aid; when she stopped as abruptly as. she began; Miss Walton replied, "You have no right Anna to bury yourself in a wilderness to gratify a caprice and especially to take with 1 you the heir of Walton Hall and bring him up like a commoner; his father owes it to England that he should be raised and educated a nobleman, if you have no pride of birth and have power to Maitland we will see what influence can be brought to hear to hinder this outrage upon good breeding." Lady Anna was amazed, it was something unlooked for.it had never entered her mind that such obstacles could be interposed, she replied calmly for she saw how ever-persua- de excited Mi "Maitland- - made no such objec-- , talking. tion, f he mustkn wrong to England; but begging your pardon, are there not people going of title and of fortune, that are of as much consequence as the Waltons? however, in a matter involving such grave question I certainly, do not hold myself an oracle, and therefore we need not waste words in an angry dispu te, Maitland is in, the house I believe, but Aunt Kate rest assured I shall hot eo to a . lashionable wa ing place even if prevented from going to a new land At breakfast Aunt Kate" introduced the subject bringing .up the most serious arguments Maitland treated it all with the utmost nonchalance, Anna ; remained and thoughtful only answered when adbut one could see from the intense dressed, curl of her lips that she was not convinced, and would ultimately have her own way; she was shrewd enough , to wait in silence for the advantage. Off went Maitland to London and- , away drove Lady Anna, nurse and baby to the old Jostle she loved sowell, ieavin-MisWalton to her own reflections for the day. It was royal weather and mother and babyenjoy-e- d the ride over the country road; it was the first visit of young Edward to the home of his mother, and though Lady Anna had not much sentiment of this sort naturally, it seemed to be developing in consequence of ne hci iuc experience. old i lodge keeper fairly danced with delight when he saw the elegant equipage of the Walton's drive into luc auduy mne, anu ior a tew minutes all -utttBnynmu cxciiement. liaby was a boy to be proud of and hk 1 ... -- -- - -- s name was sufficient to make these old retainers almost worship him, for there is something in the English blood, that warms at the mention of its titled nobility, (even hough they may prove unworthy of the honor.) Comments and remarks upon the child's looks and general appearance were profuse and exceedingly, complimentary, but the summing up of it all was that he was a real Hilliard and very , like his maternal grand father whose name" he bore.' The Hilliard servants had no love for the Waltons' IhQ'QUt of respect to Lady Anna - byr- but the moment sue was sale in the drawing "room with her own party, they expressed their regrets in . vehement terms that ever a Hilliard should mix with the Walton's whom Sir Edward so detested, and had never forgiven, and the old, old story - was repeated- - and reiterated and the participants strongly abused until the coachman coming in upon them chancing to catch his master's name inquired in bombastic fashion whether "anybody there had any word to say agin the Walton's of Walton Hall ," if so he was ready to show who was the best man, and the conversation was thus brought to a stand ' still, and the how question was asked of the his to mistress was long likely stay. "No knows what she's likely to do at any body time, she has it all her own way." "Do you mean to insinuate," said one of the men, "that she is'nt an obedient wife?" "O, about that ' 'resumed the coachman, " my master lets her do just as she likes, she pines and frets a great deal and he don't like a woman who weeps and is over sensitive, he wants to be at races and hunts and can't have a woman watchin' and follow-ihim, but she's a queer one, can't bear - new-com- er n' style you know, " that last remark saved him, for remembering the idiosynracies of their former master, and considering there must be some arrangement made for Lady Anna and her party, a messenger was sent to ask what were her orders for the day. 1 he answer came, only some simple re freshments under the trees where she had often sat in the days gone by, and that she had already apprised her cousin Mrs.1 Bland of her visit to the castle and was momentarily expecting her". Mrs. Bland came and baby too and the two ladies talked over the present and speculated upon the future. Lady Anna told her cousin of the objections raised by the Walton aunt, and cousin Jane promised to lay the matter before the Doctor and see how any difficulty could' be averted. Dr. Bland's health was slowly improving. ; U. W. P. CLUB. , A meeting of the U. W, P. C. was held at the office of Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, May 31st," 1S93. Phebe C. Young first ..Vice President in the chair. Prayer by Ella W. Hyde, roll called, showing a smaller attendance than usual, attributable to the departure of so many for the World's Fair in Chicago. A communication from the "Utah Federation of Clubs," was read by the Secretary, as was also the constitution . of that club. Dr. E. R. Shipp, having recently returned from Ann Arbor University, was invited -- f : perience while away. In compliance the doctor spoker-o- f theTudi slie" had Teen -- -- 