VVOMA Tke Rights T Q Fypomf-n- t 1 of the Women o Zton, and the Rights of the Wo ?ne?i : ' .. " ,f ALT LAKE CITY, 'UTAH, MAY 15,1893. v. AXTTr?MTi' ' : - -- ztt-:-::tzz- THE PILGRIMS. The Pilgrims.. Silk Culture in Utah Susan A. Stringham. The Flower Garden Flora. Passing Thoughts Cameh'a. Women as Physicians Pharma rete. To My Dear Friend, Camilla C. Our r others: Pilrrim j When-- 1 tlitre be Jound a theme more inspiring? rnnM ! . of all Nations. 1 Vol. 21. . 1 1 i r . j rv No. 22. all the advantage and dignity which could afford. She was conscientiously op- - the bold, stern simplicity of the Puritanical nc vci name cans up ieelinfrs She had no liking for those who o of worship. Cobb Lydia 1). Alder. Sandwich Islands Relief veneration ana loyalty m tne breast of opposed her views, and held a tight hand, every true American. Their history is during all her reign, over the heads of those Society Mrs.Nellie Grace.. King James of Engfull of interest, and abounds in deeds of who land. Notes and News. Obituaries. pleaded further reformation and larger while the heroism, of annals their suffering liberty than the Church of Kngland had Editorial: Spring Hints. Editorial Notes. tears of to the bring pity eyes of anyone ever been willing to allow. Poetry: A'Memory of Spanish Fork Canyon endowed with sympathy for the distress of Under James and Charles we still find Laura St Vrain. Little Marjorie-JamTo understand the same difference of opinion, and the Whit, their fellow, creatures. comb Riley. My Kate Elizabeth thoroughly the causes that led to their several opposing sects that had parted off separating themselves; from the' parent" from the parent church in opposite direc- auu uuuiiuonmg meir motner coun tions, each contending for what they contry, and the differences In their belief, we sideredtheir rights. The Puritans had no A MEMORY OF SPANISH FORK CANYON. f t that have already been treated upon here, party; its object, like that of every .other - The same old cedars crown the steep, The reformation in the 1 6th century gave party of those times, was .not the mere .Where evening splendors flamelin gold; rise to many varieties of opinions, and an toleration, but the exclusive establishment But the sad winds that never sleep, astonishing change was wrought by the of its own system., But every change, Sigh of some bygone grief untold, And all the restless waters weep: preaching and labors of such men as Luther, 4 every debate, helped to bring about religious Calvin 'and others. But when all the cir. toleration 111 the end, and as the Puritan "A long farewell! O days of old!" cumstances and influences of that time are movement was largely a movement against Yet on a soft midsummer night, considered, it is not surprising that good arbitrary authority, it was necessarily a . When larger burns the evening star, men, honest and conscientious, held movement in favor of freedom. The PuriSet in a sky of ruby light not accordant on opinions altogether many tans planted , themselves upon the open , Glooming to amythist afar; and religious topics, adopted practices and i naked Bible, "as the only safe chart and The mountains glow from height to height, views of the meaning of the Holy Scripin religious and civil r duties and ' guide And dreamland's portals swing ajar. tures ; which producecdissension and diffi: obligations, and scouted at all tradition, " culty in the very earliest days of ." Protest without exception, as certainlv the rem- I hear the mountain torrent roar antisrn. ; 1 ne Church pi England is Pro- -; nants of popery- and superstition. The" Through castled rocks and tangled vines, testant as -with jheprptest-l-Ch- u rch oWingland adherents;"iwliilrrtheyT sympathizing And watch the eagle rise and soar -- rr made in Germany. aud Catholic as .claim freely and fully declared that- the Holy And wheel above the stately pines, to be a the universal of aposing portion Scripture contains all tinners necessary to Then downward sail to rise no more, tolic 16th clmrch In of Christ. cen .the tury S3lyatiou,y.et claimed. tha.t..defereiice.-,.avaWhere the wild passion its vassalage to Rome was broken off, and due to. the testimony and practice of the since then the Roman .'church has main- primitive church, and were willing to Again my heart beats high as when tained a hostile attitude towards; it. The yield respect to' what they deemed primiThe old.enchantment ruled supreme: v- Church of England has always hau a tive tradition and the unanimous consent of I roam the fragrant, dusky glen national character. Henry VIII., as every the fathers and doctors of the first ages. Where maples arch above the stream, knows, was not much in- They counted ceremonies such as were reWooed by a southern wind, and then studeuTofliistory ' fluenced by love of truth and purity in tained in the Church as useful and edifying, I wake, and find it all a dream. what he did towards setting England free and calculated to help forward the cause of Laura St. Vrain. from papal tyranny dnd superstition, He truth and godliness. The Puritans had his marring - the which he took. simplicity and purity of the Gospel. They for that in every LITTLE MARJORIE. If he did no good to Protestantism, if he also denied the need of ordination by a Where is little Marjorie?" were a tyrant and a beastly tyrant too, he bishop iu order to preach the gospe.l and There's the robin in' the tree, certainly crushed under his heel the insolent administer the sacraments, while the other With his gallant call once more pretensions of the pope to rule over and party refused them and have always refused From the boughs above the door! draw revenue from England, and in so to allow any one to officiate in he Church ' There's the'bluebird's note, and there far at least, '.was an instrument in the hands of ' England, unlessiie first receive order by Are springvoices'everywhere of God for beginning the good wrork in the laying, on of a bishop's hands. Sume Calling, calling, carelessly, Enarland.' Durinsr his reign the very interesting productions written during "Where is little Marjorie?". ment of death wras decreed against all who these controversies, may be found by those refused to acknowledge the doctrine of who have the inclination to read them in And her old playmate, the rain, EdwTard VI. ded j Milton V transubstantiation. Calling at the window pane youiig, and unhappily before much cou Id j U nder James I .the Puritans asked to be In soft syllables that win be done for reformation. Mary succeeded j allowed, while remaining as ministers in Not her answer from within omitcertain-ceremoni- es - "Where liinvand very soon gave the English people 4 the church-t- o is little Marjorie?" which a bitter drausrht of that cup which Rome Jto they objected, but this Or is it the rain, ah, mel has always made her victims quaff when he would not agree to. ; : Of wild gust of tears that were The persecution now became so severe she has had them entirely under her con'' Calling us not calling her! ' exthat the Puritans could no longer endure it, trol. It is said that more people were pmted duriiip- her reuni thaa m all the and a company- - of them fled to Holland, ''Where is little Marjorie?" reicrns before or since. Elizabeth came to where they could enjoy religious freedoni. O, in high security the throne with a large share of her father's They remained there, many others of their ; She is hidden from the reach imperiousness, and with energy arid ability faith coiitinually joinings them during Of all voices that beseech; rTheir pastor, John Robin-- 1 uii surpassed, by any monarch tliat twelve years. probably "ZiFe-natrouble- d word, destines of son, was & veryworthy and honorable man, has ever, as yet, guided-thTob or sigh is ever lieard, j .England. .. She .was'foa'ioJko 'T" SmcGbd 'whispered tenderly i nlav. iu relisrious things and was determined :Tt ion that they lived there in harmony j and ; . j I - . es . Barrett-Browning- ' , j - 1 ,....(' " 1 : j j , . -- i . - - " .. . s flower-twines.- . ; ; ... j - ! . - I , ; : . j ! . I : e Where4HfoeMnTjoTTe? jAMESWIITCOMb RjLEY. 4-- 1 ivtheestablishetizimtirdtiiould r eceibrallhospaTs 