The Rights of the Women of 21. v ere . iong Caused the, treeless waste to blossom, into earthly Proved the industry, faith, courage, of that band iootsore and wan. Long, long years have slowly vanished, since tnat cry of freedom rose: Many soul's have swelled their Jiumber, p.eace and iiappmess lo reap: . There remain biit few reminders, that bring back tne early woes, And their true devoted leader, in the cold tomb calmly sleeps,. Where the floating flag of freedom, evermore shall find repose. HvArtwTu Alpine, Dec. 10th, 1892. -- - FREEDOM'S ECHO. In the Western wilds of country.far from out life's Rushing on uninterrupted, mingling ocean dear. " with the Here no fair and fertile valley, bids the weary traveler stay, VerJvit fhlds bedecked with flowers, dewy meadows are unknown- baly'blealciaad''' Barren- country, covered o'er, with sage-brus- h gray, - .jgMlteiLaadJorielyiAve the redman-- s ivar-like tone, Here where solitude reposes, desolation holds full sway. But though tain-to- unattractive seeming, from the moun ps around, Comes an echo soft and Asilv'ry, gliding o'er the sloping hills, Whispered by the faintest breezes, till each tiny leaf '.'is found Which repeats the glorious message, to the birds and winding rills, Till ail nature shouts in gladness, dom here are crowned." All with free- ; "the h0 sweet this free-bor- n echo, reach traveler's listening ear, Silencing the dread of bondage, that h followed in the past, Making each brave, honest exile, free to cast away all fear. Free to seek his God in rev'rence, with a freedom :J:thatshaJl-Jast- free to live and love his country, free in all that makes life dear. rnany miles and long, Bearing patiently privations, sorrows deep and pleasures few, Wand'ringever to the --westward, guided by no instinct wrong, prudent leader marked their ' course each day anew, Till the morning beams Jay scattered, o'er the years now come and gone; red-man's fiercest cries ; 4 THE REFORMATION. Later divorce, the renunciation of the Papacy, the degradation of Uie Clergy, the suppression : of the ronasteries. The religious changes fell like a series of heavy blows upon the Priesthood of Rome. From persecutors they suddenly sank into men trembling for their very lives. At the very onset of Cromwell's changes, a party of SufrQlk.boys,,toughs in their very mature, broke into the Church of Doverscourt tore down a wonder workintf crucifix and hiirnpfl' it in the field'. The suppression of, the les ser Monastenes wTas the signal for a new outburst of ribald insult to the old religion. The roughness, insolence, and extortion of the Protestant commissioners drove the whole, monastic body to despair: Some sold their jewels and relics to provide for the evil day they saw approaching. Some begged of their own will for-- dissolution. It was worse when fresh ordinances ordered the removal of objects of superstitious veneration, embittered by the insults with which it was' accompanied. ' 'Revolt and innovation was every where rampant, when Mary, so called, Bloody. Marv appeared upon the scene. She now more energetic thap the Protestants in the establishment of their cause, violently overturned their sys tem and ayeneed her mother against he-ifather, by restoring the Papal swav. and- making heresy, the unpardonable sin. ; Re volt was every whre stamped out. injb!ood,Z and warniiig'was wasted on the fierce bieot-ry of the Queen. We acknowledge all her recorded actions; but let it be remembered she was the child of a basely repudiated mother, Catharine of Araeon. who as the " ; I in .his teachings, Luther with his two edged sword, went, out to strip the Pon tiff of his spoils, and was quite as earnest against tne rope's ecclesiastical authority in Uermany as against his temporal power in As a hrst step, ' ' says he. 'it be Italy. hooves us to expel from all the German States.the Pope's legates, and the pretended benehts whichJ;hey sell us at their weight d;, and which - are - meiir impstuTesT They take our money, and for what? for cams, for dissolving legalizing: 'the"sacredness oT'balhsTTor teaching us to break iaith; lor instructing us in sin and leading us directly to hell. Hear this, Oh Not most holy, but most sinning! Pope! May God from his throne on high, hurl thy daughter of Ferdinand and Isabella of throne ere long to the bottomless pit. was a Catholic ot Catholics. The Christian tribunal proceeded: Hav ispain, Mary had been declared illecitimate. she ins: summoned the Pope to his bar. he cited was. laboring under an incurable disease before him.-.al- l the corruptions-which-f- ol affecting her mind as well as 'her "body. lowed in the train of the Papacy, and be- - She was the wife of Phillip the 1 1 of Spain. gan to sweep from the floor of the Church a monster of iniquity. She inherited her the rubbish that encumbered it. bigotry from her mother and strengthened fol commenced Monks as with the He it by her marriage, and she thought in per lows: ' 'Now then, I come to that slothful secuting heretics, she was doing God's crew who promise much -- but do little. What I have to sav to vou is a truth, both After a sad and bloody rule of five years sweet and bitten it is that nomdre cloisters she died without leaving a child. There must be built, for mendicant mars, God was, but one voice- - as to her successor. knows we have enough ahead v and would Delirious shouts of ioy were heard through to heaven they were all leveled with the out the land, "God save Queen Elizabeth. ' ground; vagabonding through the conntry No more burnings atSmithfield or behead: never has done, and never can do good." . ings on Tower Green. No more of Spanish' comes The marriage of Ecclesiastics Phillip and his pernicious bicrots! toleration. first time was. the next. It that, Luther freedom and light.. .:The people of England - subject-- 1 thatwere ready for the golden age and the gold Jiadsppkenh how and condition has the clerer fallen, en age had come. Wonderful was, the j wo with burdened find do we man v Priests began a reign.the cge.Wit.Elizabeth men and childrenr and their bitter1 remorse, like of which the world had never seen'. while no one comes to their aid. It may A great and brilliant crisis in English suit-thand the "Bishop to let things Pope history, in which the old order passed awav . '11 T f 1 go on as they list, but lor my. part win and the new was inaugurated. deliver my conscience, I will open my '4 mouth freely, let Pope, Bishop or whoever ' Half a million dollars has been presented will, take offence at it. to Hamburgh. Gfxmany Henrvcu-Dc- nWe might for a moiipt ehect 01 me iew ieaming, as 11 was yux- - ner, a native ol that city, to found a woman's hospltaliii: homr of--' &r woniafr ph vsi- ... ... Tl H.J xl. cian, Dr. Michelsen, to whose skill he me rru re I with Kome, soon snaicncu resriintlromthe keeheTpefseli61J"wEi( lieHYeIsihlebTelir his wife's recovery rnnblpfl them after Wolsev's fall. The trom a dangerous illness. ' .. , t ' in-gol- : " -- ill-gott- en -T-o-'-wliafra far away from home and loved ones, treading But a w"ise and of the Women of all Nations. Made the arid plain a heaven of fertility, - s, the Rights SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUARY i, 1893. CONTENTS: The Reformation. In Rural England A Story. The Closing of the Year 1892 C. C. R. Wells. Lovely Bear Lake E..B. Spencer. The Nation al Council Rachel Foster Avery. Loan Exhibit. In a Foreign Land SarahMcMurrin Hilton. U. W. P. Club Gladys Woodmansee. R. S. Re Phillips Brocks Julia- Ward Howe. port. Notes and News. Mrs. Lucy S. Grant. Ellen Wal ters Winder, Obituary. EditoWl: The "Origin of Woman's Suffrage. E ditorial Notes. Echo Hyacinth.- - The Poetry Voyage of Life E A. Bennion. ; tutored sphere, At the base of Rbcky mountains, high and rugged low and bare, Crystal streams and turbid rivers, there meander far and near, Down the dark, deep, narrow-canon"o'er the Zionnd . .... : e 1 . A . jhijyk . . -- : '"" 