WOMAN'S EXPONENT. working women.',!Prayer offered by Smith. Frances Singing 0 come, come Roll called, minutes of previous away." omitted. Phebe' C.. Young was meeting ' called upon, she spoke of the portentious times, .also of the many Fairs there had been even so far back as the days of the the pryamids, aiso in Egyptians" and T V. erusaiem . iunuuu anu our own onrpif ; Bassett Fair of today. then Maggie saneO a ... t lrAl - I)r;i ;uc pt ihis irihute true My loving heart sends out to you, On this your natal day; And mav we meet on that bright shore Where tears shall course no, never more, . And friends are true al way. L. D. Alder. fri.-m-l and the sweet friendship recognized, among these departed veterans were Motner Wliitnv Vilntp krimhnll Kliza R. SllOW, Mary Ann Young, Presendia L. Kimball, Phebe Woodruff. Marinda Hyde,( Sarepta Hey wood and Elizabeth Howard; E. 13. - The lines below were also brought to the "party as a memento and appear in print for the nrst time. MEMORIAL DAY. HANNAH T. KING. THE ist,ot July Saturday was observed uy a few intimate inends in accordance witn arrangements made two years ago, to set apart a day to the memory of this gifted woman, At trie nour namea in me mvi- tation several ladies assembled at the resi dence of Mrs. Emily H. Woodmansee a sis- terpoet and country woman of Mrs. King s, the afternoon and early evening were devoted to reminescences of the life, writings and One of the friendships of Mrs. King. aear ones wno naa ueeu present on me former occasions, was sadly missed, and some tears were visible when the fact was alluded to, but we all know and realize that bister Howard has only passed to a higher position and therefore we rejoice in the midst of' our mourning that she has reached the spirit world where many f Addressed her silence. ot our loved ones ?re waiting. Mrs. Woodmansee' s rooms were prettily - -- decorated with flowers and vines, and the day was a charming one. The guests present were Mesdames Zina D. H. Young, M. Isabella Home, Helen M. Whitney, Emnieline B. Wells, Fewson Smith. Magc:ie Alford. . Louisa Soencer. Elizabeth Mc Farlane, Kate Brockbank. Maggie Young, Julia C. Howe, Lula Greene Richards, .Emily H. Woodmansee (the eiliicent hostess) and the young ladies of the h(5use , Ihree datigh ters, G lady s, Pearl , Myrtle and niece Edith Ivins of St. G orge; the dining-roowas cool and pleasant, ' the trailing vines, at the east window made a graceful background for the picture, when, m the gnestswereseaie was a double card addressed to the person occupying the seat, and on one side an appropriate, quotation from the Book of Psalms, (which Mrs. King loved so much) and on the other the stanza versified by Mrs. Woodmansee, so as to make the souvenir in remembrance of both Mrs. King" and Mrs. Woodmansee. After the which is safe it to repast, say everyone eneach one joyed, present paid a fitting tribute to Mrs. King as a memorial of friendship either by repeating one of her own verses or a few words impromptu. A sonnet by Mrs. King was read by Mrs. Wells. ' 4 love thee sbhl t & mb c ) it.tin", A language that the angels do rehearse, , Yes, yes 'tis written in the universe' The hills and mountains do its truth proclaim, t he running brooks and all the mountain streams. The glorious'sun with his effulgent beams; The ambrosial airr the flowers sweet nerftrmp- The song of birds, the stars that do illume; And ahl J moon, the queen of night On which the lover's mind dottf so deHeht ... . . . . I. . AIT Koa rlrrt ... I t ini. jiivvi uih sviiii never lauing inrill me I i- the-stlve- -se - r ' " . " 1 io responsivespjUQYjajtliee.stilU After repairing to the parlor asrain Mr Wells read each" of the souvenirs for the benefit of all,aud ice creairi "and sweetmeats were served, when all joined in singin "0, my Father thou that dwellest," and a to Sister Brockbank by d sur-reste- - Speak! speak, love I implore thee! Yes! speak dear girl! and break the spell That seals those lips of thine! For truly, I do know full well There's wealth within the mine! - , W. . That menial mine of hidden wealth Unknown, and unexplor'd E'en by yourself as if by stealth - You glance upon the hoard! - I would not flatter God forbid! Your faithful friend am I . And you'll despise me if I did I read that in your eye! That eye! yes, yes 'tis there I read There dwells a soul within Pure lofty of heroic creed And undefil'd by sin; Thy spirit's noble nothing low ... Dwells in thy heart pr brain Oh! may the Lord preserve thee so That you, these gifts retain. - -- - . 1 and that all knowledge, would benefit womankind. Vice President A. W. Eardley spoke of her visit to the World's Fair and of the Woman's Congress which was held ' there. . M. L. Morris and L G. Richards each made a few encouraging remarks. Meeting stood adjourned until the third Tuesd7 ay-in July- Sec. a few lines from this out of the way place might be of interest to jour many readers, we take pleasure in, mentioning Sister Polly Meecham our beloved president who is very dear to us all, she was struck with paralysis on , the nth of June which caused her to be unconscious for some time and to lose the ;use of her left side, but by the faith and untiring efforts of children .and friends she has so far recovered that she can wTalk and is able to sit up most of the day. We have held Thinking our meetings at her house ever sinr hr inability to attend meeting. Our Relief Society is in good condition. Our meet. r Counselors since her affliction. Sister Meecham is a good woman and has been laithtul 111 of her auty7 and wTith we all sympathize her. We had a special meeting at her residence June 20th, Sister Wilmerth East from Arizona, President of the Relief Society of St. Joseph the-dischar- ge- Stake, addressed us in her kind and moth- erly way , gave us many good instructions. Several of our other sisters made excellent remarks. We had a time of rejoicing that will long be remembeied with pleasure. L. M. Boren, Sec. : WHO MOTHER GOOSE WAS. Mother Goose's maiden name- - was Eliz'th Foster. she was born hi r.harlpc;tnwn Massachusetts, in the year 1635 and married Isaac uoose ot Boston; she was his second mate and began her maternal life as n rH axnahTapfieldICing. 1S64 stepmother to: ten" children, sheLiadded.six- "more tolhat number; "think of it! Sixteen goslings to one goose, is it airy wonder that she pours out her feelings in the following dines, . T-- : "There was an oid woman who lived in a shoe, She had so many children she didn't know what to do?" ., -- S. E. CO, W. S. A. The regular monthly Salt meeting: of the Lake Co: W. S. A. convened in the thirteenthward asembly rooms Tune 20th yrfmenrrc the chair. i T" song, entiuea "ine unage oi Sighs" iiocioi ivi.-j- r. r;xx uju vaiinuH ieu 10 encourage the cause of suffrage, knew, that women were a great bulwark to the nation Dear Editor: -- benediction was pronounced by .Mrs; Zina D. H. Young. During the afternoon t many beloved ones who have passed awav xvpt- 1 A FAITHFUL SISTER. I love you! yes I do admire The germ I see in you! Oh! may your soul by God's own power, ' Be lighted up anew!, v Yes daily lighted up, that you May see where darkness reigns, And by its light your lamp renew,' And heal your woes and pains; August iSth, 1 : Maggie Bassett, They arj more precious than the gold, Of Ophir so renown'd! And may they e'er thy form enfold And thy brow with them be crown'd Then trust me, you will walk the earth A: Priestess, and a Queen! And all will read your noble birth - " L.,- - By your regal step and mein; For virtue, is a woman's crown, Her laurel'd diadem . "And" weiring that, is full renown i. ' With Angels God and men. You are but starting in the way, Of life's untrodden road, Oh! may your strength be as your day Of whatever weight the load. Then will your heart andmind be free With Heaven's peculiar food, And by God's spirit you'll be led J To an eternal good. And then where'er wjUaryourvoice-Ilow angelic tone - Your friends will listen and rejoice 5 And feel love makes us one! . Farlane in Opened by singing "Help the Yet her family cares sat ligfitly upon her, and she survived father Goose many years. Still she staid by her mate and led and fed .her flock until they were able to swim by themselves.One of her daughters married - iJon"Fleetndsfr mgnt, "up. stairs and dowTn stairs ana mtW-jo.f- r mv in ladips'. 1111 . 