183 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. she had nursuing and of. the great pleasure of some Lrrienced in studying the works Shakespeare, Tennyhad learned; to more great merit of these Spoke of the intellectual vriters. surrounds one in. At n atmosphere which and the love of Arbor. So free from vanity in many other places. dress, 'observable friendliness of the The 'sociability and drunkenness to be seen, people generally, no time and perfect safety in going .out at any of the night, the comfortable convenient them, it is the desire of the sisters who have prepared this memorial. of the great authors, son and others. She fnllv appreciate the homes, etc. Ruth M. Fox rented an original poem. Little Ellis Shipp favored the club with a "The Prarie Fire." recitation entitled few words of her Lydia D. Alder spoke a the club meetings pleasure in attending do what she though she was not able to would like to do, on account of her delicate ' health. . Doctor Shipp read an original poem dressed to Ruth M. Fox. ad- Several of the members were in turn reminded of interesting anecdotes told by, or of some of the noted writers and speakers: Lizzie S. Wilcox, by request, read a selection from the writings of Ella Wheeler '. Wilcox. After a social chat upon various interestto .woman's ing subjects pertaining organizations, and club work particularly, the meeting was adjourned . for one month. The program not having been carried was to be carried over out as for the June meeting. j Gladys Woodmansee Rec. Secy. pre-arrange- d, R, S, REPORTS. i The Annual . f . Committee. - , Elizabeth D. Lant, Isabella Finlaysox,. Jannett TAnner, Ellen. Senior, Josephine Peterson. After the meeting adjourned, the retired officers and present incumbents, together with the bishopric and a few invited friends repaired ; to the home of Sister Jannett Tanner, and there did ample justice to an elegant repast, after which a very pleasant, social time, was spent All present voting it a perfect success. The only thing to mar the pleasure, was the severe illness of Sister Lant, one of the . meetingoirrtheiwo: branches of the Relief Society of Payson met today in the meeting house; after the M. A. Hardy opening exercises, President a of the ist ward, stated that this was the meeting, to 'commemorate m organization of the ReliefSocietyof Payson; respect to aJnd to present5 a small "tribute the retired officers of the old organization. The secretary of each ward read a statistical andfinancial report ofthe respective A very interesting society represented. ot programme was presented, consisting and brethren singing, speeches from the sistersfand reading of poetical selections, Charles composed for the occasion, by Brewerton and Almeda Snyder. The following resolutions of respect were read by President Colvin. of respect In presenting to the late presidency, of the Relief Society of Payson, we desire it should be underour goodstood, that we do this to express ot will; that we realize that a great deal special - this-testimoni- goodtothe'xom -thei labors, in connection with the sisters of the Relief Society; and the blessings ot the Lord attendant on their labors., in connection with the members .of the Reliet the blessings of the Lord tendant on their labors. Society, and; at- f We realize that they have done a great deal; of good, filled their, positions witn credit to themselves, to the community, ana wtne church ol wmcn iney iuixu-; "z-z- z :.. President. Maggie Wignall, Sec'y. M." At-Hard- y, Minutes of Conference of the Relief. Society of Utah Stake, held in American Fork, April 19th, 1893. Sister Mary John presiding with her counselors. Conference opened with singing and conprayer; reading of -- minutes 'of former ference and also reports from the various bronches throughout the county. Sister John, the first speaker, hoped the Spirit of God would be with us today, was pleased with our reports and although many thought it was tiresome to sit and hear them read, it was but right to know how the means was expended that was taken in by the society; exhorted the sisters to faithfulness in their duties, said there were great jesrnsibifities-and mothers," spoke of the liberality of the needy etc. ::. sisters in giving for "Sister Farrer knew the Lord was always testify willing to heaf our prayers, couldsick etc. to the power of God in healing the Sister Standring thought we had. everyin this work. thing to encourage us to go on The. Lord will honor his daughters as well as his sons, gave a good report of Lehi of sisters Society, they were a good band the willing and ready to care.. for of needy being whether of our faith or not, spoke the of and at the Temple at the dedication etc. holy spirit that was manifested there, o:Crr MnrHIn M. Daniels thought in changing our place of Conferences become better acquamieu w m we had reSpoke of the many blessings ceived lately and reviewed some of President Woodruff's teaching, and of the peace on and love pervading every heart, spoke Temple work etc. Sister Till spoke a short time on tha silk industry and conference adjourned after singing and prayeruntiH p.with the Afternoon Session:-Ope- ned -usual exerases also concerning the contingent fund; and , understand mcorpSration, "hoped all would to imit weare in a school and let us try bore a testimony prove in all good works, etc. to the truth of this gospel will be the Singing, "How Glorious Morning." : to meet je . we-wouW- -4 1 felt it a privilege wiSslsterfof American Forklthough are eiiKUKcu m fi,ic will acceotable to and kindly received P . V pertaining to our salvation. had always Brother Bromley said he the accord' with in found the Relief Society Priesthood. upon order, said Spoke obedience was in reality the first law of . . V After a few more remarks from Sister Marilla M.. Daniels conference was adjourned for three months, singing "The Spirit of God." Benediction by.C. Daniels. , Caroline Daniels. UTAH STAKE. a J:TMs-expr- - committee, which illness proved fatal next day, as she passed to her long rest, mourned .God. and missed by all. - r -- J are waiting to have a work done for them etc. Sister Till make a few additional remarks in regard to the silk industry. . Sistef Patten spoke on various Subjects, gave her experience' in this church; also spoke of the dedication of the Temple. Sister Agnes Farrer bore her testimony to the truth of this work, the world has nothing like it. very interBishop Halhday made some ' sisters good esting remarks and gave the dedicaon the counsel and advice. Spoke tion of the. Temple and various subjects Prth. we can work for Secretary Relief Society, Utah Stake. SAN JUAN. Minutes of the quarterly : conference of the Relief Society of San Juan Stake, held at Affltims. Colorado Nov.' 21st, 1892, - President Martha Hammond presiding. After the usual exercises President Ham- mond addressed the conference, felt that it we had a depended on ourselves whether each to ofgood conference or not, wished fer a silent prayer in behalf of the speakers, that we might receive such instructions as would be for our best good. Counselor Delia Lyman, of Bluff Ward, reoorted the society as being in a. prosper - wv.wv STSterS. " 3aiu "UUS WUUtUUU, TroiMrf amnnrr w- - o X tlie Hticpiwlf- A Perkins reported the Monticella Society as doing well, though few in numbers, -- r President M. A. Dunton reported , the Mancos Relief Society as not being in a account of the very thriving condition, on scattered condition of the members; but could tin? they felt like doing the best they der the circumstances. Counselor Mary Jones felt her weakness in trying to instruct the sisters, said we should be kind and forgiving, hoped we would be able to retain and put in practice the instructions we hear. -Sistef Jane Sr Richards, counselor to President Zina D. H. Young, who in con u. nection with her husband, Apostle Richards- - was in attendance at our Confer ence, then addressed the meeting in a very able manner. Exhorted every sister to have her name on the Relief Society roll, and to meet together often, as we would be of the greatly benefited thereby. Spoke comparison which Sister ;Eliza R. Snow often made.the heap of burning coals, when ou separate them ahe when you want to rekindle them you have to strike another match, comparing it with the Relief Society holding meetings so t,' 'moniWc nrp nnt to fet cold u andVdie out, whereas if we meet together often the sisters will be alive' and energetic. Felt to encourage the sisters in their labors in this far off stake of Zion. Gave us many Also good instructions on various subjects. attend spoke of her trip to Washington to . , th'p woman's convention. he" like Richards' felt said rrr'tf to attend meetings, iof exhorting . - ; i. .the-siste- rs 