WOMAN'S EXPONENT Presidents of the there had not leen as much' sulferin'tr Relief Society of. the several states ei Wing uivii: ar,iu many inner places; always have eorn ana beans, that is what the Zion. Meeting opened with singing, vCome ' 'let us anew," :&c. prayer was otiered by. country affords, we have good order in all EMMEUSE B, WEILS, Edit. Dr. ElviraS. Barney, singing; "For the our .settlements; our Mexican neighbors AJM13 WELLS CiSXOX iCamut), - SMfti Cwiw. " ' come into our colony and wonder, we have strength of the hills we bless thee. " Published ia Salt Lake City, Utah. President Z. D. II. Young madeopening 'good' gardens and orchards and houses, the Terms; one copy oae year, i.oo; one copy six months, remarks welcoming all to the Conference authorities of Casas Grande say our people 50cts. No reductioa made tor clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year. 25 cts: in an affectionate maimer. The secretary have been very profitable; we are far ahead lines of rates: ten Each nonpareil Advertising square, Mexicans in, prosperity and thrift read the minutes and called1, the roll of space, one time, $3.50; per month, 3 00, A liberal disnew. wagons and farming count to regular advertisers. Presidents.nineteen Stakes .were represented, ' our people iuiiwrt' ' , "viz. Salt Lake. Davis. WeberBox-Eldermachinery ; 'spoke of the Mexican ladies and EXPONENT office,' Rooms 227 & 22S Constitution Buildfrom Main their servants and other interesting--thingsStreet, opposite Z.C.M, I. Business hours ing, Morgan, Summit, Uaciie, utaiu juau, 10 ajn. to S p.m. every day, except Sunday. Sister Jane S. Coleman, President Wayne Millard. Wayne, St. 'George, Emery, . , Address all business communications to ' Bear Lake, Malad, Star Valley, St. Joseph Stake, thought we. should npt ..only PUBLISHER WOMAN"S EXPONENT, ' in these meetings, but practice m . Salt Lake CityJ Utah. j Sister Young spoke forcibly upon the our lives the counsel given: the Wayne Entered at the Post Ojfice in Salt Lake City, Utah, as 1 Ctnt'o lroc rrcfn oii. 01-r nA ZOII1 niv. o Ty vii aim care o the sick and needy which was the vJliUVl. uiuik.vu ihe econi class matter. first duty to be attended to; and exercise of; May 1 893, there were now ten branches, "at our last Conference our. President Sister' charity and love, which would make us "Vr Salt Lake City, Oct. 15, and Nov." 1, 1893. more : . cot f tllprr Unillf1'lv nirvro .A.Vaii like our Savior, who had abundant J im'iT tXniOU Lilly ltJrMl ! i.m charity, and went about doing good, we and charity among the sisters, and it cer: GENERAL, CONFERENCE. should aim to attain perfection and put UilkliJ uu j ivvwii IL.HUV.U. 1UU1 )l illQ r , .stnl-rrr--i n iti liox'f. Km nnr tc and v feelings, that uiuuv.iiv.i 111 ui... w Univ. tuuai ivo, Ye away all evil thoughts Conference of the we may be prepared to perform labors for have had hard times out our way, only one The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y the salvation of the living and the redemp- settlement where the grain ripened;" Saints held in October, 1893, commencing tion of the dead, prayed that we might be plained in regard to the grain that had been tlirMlfrllt tlif a1 October 6th,' and closing on Sunday faithful to observe every law and comPrpcJf'otit' rf ilLliC vuuvuv v, vv ii muunk jluivU) to feast October 8th, was really a spiritual mandment and ever set an example worthy society should always lead out in good listened the to and who attended all those works;of imitation. First the of magnificent .discourses Sister SarahJSarton said Star Valley was set in which and they Apostles, Presidency organized Nov. 30, 1892, and there were sisters would take cognizance of the advice forth the divine principles of the Gospel, seven branches, the settlements were all that had been given concerning "the grain; and urged upon the Saints to lay hold of the new but the sisters were anxious to do all President Woodruff had said the last week in their power, the presiding sisters had that he had no right to this wheat, unless he life to and of of honesty purpose purity LilUOW visited, Sister Dixon, the President was an AIU j OUV ivlk' lUU which of retain the and God, spirit able and energetic woman. ' keep had granaries, and ashamed that there were would be a guide to their feet and a light Sister Willmirth East, President St. so few comparatively, urged the sisters to" to their path continually. Stake ' returned thanks .to her' take care of the needy, feed them and care for Joseph ; Much definite practical instruction was Heavenly Father that she was able to be them in other ways, let none suffer but try also given suited to the present time and present, had been very ill; she ' was not as and give them something to do, those who circumstances of the people, particularly well posted now concerning the circumare able to work,, it is a much better way; stances of the Relief Society; as she had she knew how to take wool, tow and flax, upon home industries and manufactures, and the education, the moral and spiritual been in Salt Lake since last April; but felt and work it up; encourage home work, training of the youth of Zion; wise and determined to labor in the office and calling knit your own stockings and help to judicious counsel to all who have charge of to which she had been appointed, realized made some suggestions the young people, and in fact upon it was the duty of the sisters to be at their about putting lime among to preto the duties of life here post, bore testimony to the truth of the serve from insects. it or salvation hereafter. to referred and President Younsr's Gospel, Sister Julia Lindsey, Bear Lake Stake re;; The weattierjjwas fine, and the people teachings on the subject of ported all the branches in good condition were delighted to see in the stand day ' ana now mucn better on we would be to sni ritual lv. ana laitliliil in temnnrnl laoors. after day the venerated President of the day had we heeded his counsel; too it was a hard country, very cold in winter; thought Church, and to hear his voice strong and much attention was paid to frivolity and. and the settlements extended so far it was distinct proclaiming the truths of the Gos- fashion and accomplishments, instead of not possible to accomplish much iiiwinter. pel, beseeching and exhorting the people to housekeeping and the everyday - duties of was glad to come to these conferences and serve' God - and fekeep his commandments. home; she knew marriage was in many get instructed in her duties; bore a good Many of the Saints remarked that they had instances postponed because an elaborate testi tnou v- felt thankful she was one with never attended a better Conference, or one establishment . could not be up;" the Saints. wVifr m fri,-r- f f hf 5niTrtTkfrirTt'a"tr" deprecated the idea of too much kept land luxury, Bishop H. B. Clawson gave notice of a poured out upon the speakers. tnougnt we should economize and live lecture on Music and Morals to be given in Some of the Apostles and also President within our means. the Hall that evening by the George Q. Cannon referred particularly to Sister Mary B Eyring from Juarez, Rev.Assembly A, Howiss of London who was on a those countries where the Gospel had not Mexico, wastharikful to be here to mingle visit ' to had just been to San yet been preached, and the great vork the her voice with the congregation, glad to see Francisco America, and on his way back from the coast Elders of the Church as missionaries to so many engaged in the good work , thought would like to deliver a lecture in our city. the nations of the earth yet have to per-- the Relief Society branches in Mexico Sister .Martha G. Young who had just form. The music and the singing by the would compare favorably with those in visited in Emery County gave a few iteps choir were of the most elevating character Utah; they had not calls for help, from there, as there was no representative and with the inspirational teaching lifted very few were withoutmany means to help themfrom that Stake. the soul upward with renewed determinaselves, though there had been some sickness, present Conference adjourned until 2 p. m. singtion to labor for the' welfare of Zion, her and the sisters then had ' 'Praise God from whom all blessing given liberally of interests at home and abroad. time and help; there were only a few ing ' flovv,?? t&c, benediction Dr. R. B. Pratt. Mexicans in the Church, there were some ! W. Snow and iu&iy Woman's Exponent. , t , ' semi-monthly- ,, of-th-e - -- ' , oau-pet- e. ' . . tn-7fr- l - t . . . T- X J 11 semi-annu- r-l- 4 v--- i i -. KJ n-J- VTj . al f - " - . . - :. tne-wne- at home-industrie- s, -- , - - . . RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. whoiould talk SpanishTtheseweresclean as white people, the sisters had made a ; when visiting round had found some The General Semiannual Conference of not very comfortable. ' 'In these corners the Relief Society was held in the Salt Lake where there are only a few congregated toAssembly Hall Monday Oct. 9th, 1893, gether, they are bright, quick and intelPresident Zina D. H. Young presiding. lectual anxious to do their the Saints On the stand near her Counselor, Bathsheba had experienced miraculousduty; instances of W. Smith,also M. Isabella Home, Sarah M. the power of God; generally good health Kimball, E.B. Wells, R. B. Pratt, Minerva until this last summer had malarial fever few-quilts- LUCY STONE. The death of Lucy Stone, Editor in chief the of the Woman's Journal, Boston, on 18th, of Cctober 1893, removes from active service in the cause of woman's enfranchisement and advancement one of the most remarkable veteran women of the This grand and nineteenth century. 