! '4 186 WOMAN'S AMMAN'S -- XP01;N:t EMMELINE D. WELLS,' Editor. ANN IB WELLS CANNONiCamtlia), - Editorial Contributor. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months,' x clubs. 50 cts. No reduction made City papers deliv ered ujr mail, extra tor postage one year, 25 cts Advertisfnir rates: Each sauare. ten lines of nonoareil space, one iime, 52.50; per month, $3.00, A liberal discount to regular advertisers. semi-monthl- y, EXPONENT office, Rooms 27 & 228 Constitution Building, Main Street, opposite Z..CM, I.-- . Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. ' ' Address all business communications to , PUBLISHER WOMAN'S 'EXPONENT, ' ' 'x Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as econd class matter. (. EXPONENT tionally well calculated for the place she- - so ably nils. Mrs. May Wright Sewall as chairman of the Women's Congress of Kepresentative women came next upon me piauuim. Mrs. Sewall is better known to the people here than either of the others because of her connection with. the Suffrage work in time and being-th-a President of the National past x Council of Women of the United States. We Avill only say here: thatr she is one -- of the foremost women of the country. -- As Chairman of this great Congress, she has won new laurels of, fame, and acquitted herself so well in all places and at all times as to give universal satisfaction, to all parties interested; and this was no easy task, but required the .utmost tact, ingenuity and diplomatic skill, and in each of these exceptional qualifications Mrs. Sewall excels as exemplified in her signal success at the Congress. Mrs. Sewall is a woman of fine proportions, somewhat majestic in ngure tnougn not tan, a very striking lace and the most beautiful soft gray hair that gracefully becomes her queenly style of beauty. Mrs. Sewall's speeches are all classical in style and she has much .of the dignity and finish of the European society ' Woman. , At her right hand and alwavs on hand.. was Mrs. Rachel Foster Avery the efficient and thorough good Secretary of the National Council. Her services in the Congress were invaluable. She was it appeared every where present, waiting; and watching- and e , Salt Lake City, June 15, 1893. NOTED WOMEN AT THE CONGRESS. At the World 's Congress of Women held In Chicago in May there were quite a large number ol. very celebrated women repreand others who senting great organizations . naa attained, such national and international distinction as to stand alone and indepen dent conspicuous only lor the achievements made in science, art,- theology or some other" equally noble arm important 4 . - . wort. Perhaps the one who deserves first men tion because of her position as President of tne Board oi Lady Managers of the Columbian Exposition, and also President of the woria s congress Auxiliary, is Mrs. Bertha Honore Palmer. This lalv's duties are verv arduous and require a great amount of executive ability of which she seems to have an inexhaustible supply She is oeautiiui in lace and figure and possesses a charming: expression that adds ereatlv to personality , but-in-addi- toher tion" innumerable graces or face, form, figure - ana expression, sue possesses that wonderful tact which . has been said to be more than talentit wins its way at all times and is never at a loss under any circumstances The. many duties and obligations that de ; volve upon Mrs. Palmer are all carried with the most consummate grace and she never appears She mut be wonderfully gifted by nature not to be spouea with Mattery or attentions, or grow haughty and repellant because of the great importance of her unique position as the v neaa ana lront ol women's xaffairs in the Exposition. ..." Mrs. Palmer made , the first speech of welcome to the Woman's Congress after Mr. Bonney had given the formal address. "Professor David Swing delivered the invo cation. The first woman's voice heard oir this momentous occasion was that of Mrs. Palmer, clear, distinct in tone, and simple forcible and expressive in language. ' Mrs. Ellen M. Henrotin of the Woman's Branch of the World's , r over-burdene- d: . ;iee-Preside- ingress nt Auxiharyollowed-Mr- sv Palmer explaining the congresses and adding cou-gratuiatioiis and welcome. Mrs.- Henrotin is a very gracious and charming person, , - , . born in Maine we were told, but educated mostly abroad: seems to h? n in Chicago, and is certainly a very efficient uuu wnipcient person in the position she occupies;: where very much of tant work of the Congresses esnen'a 11 v ; ,i .tail - must-necessaTrir-- deTGi ve upn TierT vuc nus a pieasant aaaress and is excep . - acting promptly, her work beforehand wras almost iierculean m matters pertaining to the Mding of the Congress, the invitations, notifications, documents and arrangements general and final. She has a wonderfullv active brain and fiae ability for executing the work given her to do, or planning- and classifying. She is a slight figure has a very intelligent: face and particularly fine eyes, though, JheYieeneiaUvvered- with glasses. Mrs -- Avery is quite mother ly tnougii young. She is a sort of, model mother, one never forgets with all her oub- licwork that she istne central figure in the home as well, she carries the impression as indelibly engraved upon her style and manner as though it were' written in her fore- head. : v . . perhaps Countess Aberdeen ranks first Lady Isabel Somerset who might share this honor was not present.. Lady Aberdeen is a veritable Scotch, woman, daughter of the First Lord Tweedmouth, born in' th Highlands, married when twenty; to jolm Earl of Aberdeen Campbell, seventh Lady Aberdeen is au .enthusiastic leader in .women's associations,- - she has organized several, and is President of a number; the Woman's Congress she was elected" President of the International Council of Women, which represents the organizations of women of all lands; ' Lady Aberdeen is a very magnetic public speaker, fluent and comprehensive, One of the associations organized by her called first "Hadda Hnco Association' outgrew its" local limits and because of its wonderful" national sneeze gained the significant name, 'Onward and It has a member- Upward Association.-of over nine thousand and publishes o ship monthly magazine, Onward and Uhward personally edited by the Countess of Aber deen herself. In addition to the public career of this famous woman. she. "is said to have a delightful home life, , four children three boys and one girl; and a baby daughter, Dorothy, having, passed away has caused the"mother to more fully con. secrate her life to philanthropic work. Her husband and herself are conjointly interested in all philanthropic and progressive movements;' Madame Isabel Bogelot is a celebrated French woman widely 'known for her able efforts in behalf of the oppressed women of her own dear France. Madame Bogelot's address at the Congress vasa very able paper on the 'Solidarity of Human Interests." She is commissioner for the woman section of the French "ex: hibiticn at the World's Fair under Wh.me - , . 4 ' ' ' Federation of the women of France at .the World's Congress. She is of the Congress of i Woman's' Work and Institutions of Paris. Madame Bogelot is intensely French in manner and, insvmpathv. an indefhttVahle worker full of love and helpfulness for the countenance; beunionunate, wincn lier ' Vice-iresi-de- nf L - - " speaks. Mrs. Laura Ormiston? Chant of England was one of the favorite speakers and is a ' In the long list of illustrious names it ' is hard, to choose who shall follow next in order Miere are many foreign as well as and charming person. American women wliose deeds are worthy very; graceful of record in all lands, but to an AmpnVar.. Her gift of language is extraordinary, and born woman the names of those wliose feet she speaks on any and all subjects with Mrs. Chant expects to have trod rough places that those wlinramo great brilliancy. come West before long and hopes to visit after might enjoy the har'est of their plant our City. She is one of the foremost working.are always first in our thoughts. Several of these . pioneers were present and their ers among women's organizations in Great Britain and has been . several times in "faces were beautiful with age and experience, our readers are familiar with the; America. Mrs. Florence FenwickLMiller is another - captivating-- Englishwoman. names and history of Susan B. Anthony Her style is decidedly lofty and she as a wuwjr vjlmuc, una vv ara Jtiowe, Marv A very handsome woman of the peculiarly Livermore, Caroline M. Sevemncer Isabella Beecher Hooker r; and otlierslvell English type; ..with tthat butiful .pnk . ; j : , j - known to fameT"" Elizabeth Cad v St though expected did not come, but sent her paper which was read by Miss Anthony her comrade. Mrs; Stanton was' ably represented by her son Theodore Stan-to- n a fine specimen of manhood, who hved several years in Paris and lias has the hfe-lon- g I which he was' a delegate from across the waters. Coming to foreign women of celebrity rencli manure perfect. WHp introduced to him Miss . Anthony added, hi'rnmhWPli JgiJllLkney was the babynow his hair icrrr xr r!ila. 5? P3P? 15 jbe white complexion no other climate seems to give. t -: Mrs. Fen wick Miller gave a very interesting paper in the Press Congress entitled "Comradeship between Men and Women," Mrs. Ebba: Nordqvist nee Baronesse Alfthon of Finland was a, very interesting and bright young woman, her husband hgd accompanied her to ntteml the rnnress. v, vf-y- ; - tTTof cViq ou ItA uuu ' 1,11-- J i 'L't I L'i. :JU puuiiinea a dook wincu Press .CongWssrof prqmisedtosend.,US,.Xhis young woman Z?JL! hSJrom the "Unionen." -- 1. -- : ' -' 