EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 24 THE SABBATH DAY. Sincerity t is to speak as we think, resolutions of respfxt. be- - lieve as we pretend, act as we profess, perTo the memory of Mrs. Elizabeth Baldwin attend form a s we promise, and really be what we Harrison born Oct. 15th, 1815, and died May 20th Kkkp Holy the Sabbath'-day- , 1893. your meetings, mingle with the Saints (not would seem and appear to be.' Sister Harrison has been a faithful Latterday with the outside world) stay away from virSaint over forty years and a member of the It is better to praise a man for his Lake resorts, however attractive they may1 in lbbo and a thev mav be few and his Kenei oocieiy ince us uigamauon feel we loss the of an active be made to appear; such pleasures are tues,j although teacher many years his for liim to condemn than faults many, demise. in her teacher, seductive, false and fleeting, and will land his virtues. and faults Whereas: Our Heavenly Father in His divine forget difficulall who participate in them into such dispensation has seen fit to remove from our of the is themselves. be A the to hard extricate will it that Divine prophecy person ty midst bv death, our beloved sister who has borne The Sabbath is a day that was "from the miudra friend is the hope of the heart. many afflictions, trials and lonely hours, having first" a day devoted to God, not a part of Our beatitude waits for the fullfillment of left her native land for the Gospel sake, leaving ' was dear to her, an only daughter whom the Sabbath or two short hours at the these two in one. Ages are opening this all that she was not allowed to bring, and in ,her sevenTabernacle, and the rest at Saltair, Garfield moral force. All force is the shadow or tieth year returned to seek her and in a very Syracuse or Calder's. It is your duty to symbol of that. providential way found her, but she would not . return with her. uphold the priesthood and attend Sabbath is .a very short-live- d pasAdmiration Resolved, that we the members of the Relief School and ward meetings as well as the sion that upon crowing immediately decays Society of the First Ward Provo City do cherish Tabernacle and to all calls made upon you be fed still her memorv and feel to emulateher examnle In it unless its with familiar object, in a Church capacity. To break the Sab her duties as a teacher. with fresh discoveries, and kept alive by a the performance of estimation of in the is the that we sympathize with the family bath lowering new perpetual succession of miracles rising in Resolved a kind and affectionate wife and of loss the bad a settinc: also Saints and example. If to its views. Addison. mother. we are not(we should be) strictly SabResolved that a copy of these resolutions be Every sensible man who has- the means placed on the records batarians, these hard times should teach us of the Relief Society and himself far our means and' we are running by sent to the local papers for publication. that beyond opportunity recuperates and the dollars spent, sacrilegiously will be freq uent pauses for recreation . He does Mary John, Mary Farrer, Agnes needed to pay our just debts, and to keep not defer his period of. pleasure until the Sarah B. Saunders and Kate Farrer,Farrer, Com. worn-oulife. is He of a t before door from even wolf the the months, the closing summer is over; then what about the long too wise to expect impossibilities of nature MRS. M, E. VAN, M. D. dreary winter; have we as a people learned the recuperation of an utterly exhausted a new lesson, the right to hold positions as body. He has had his comfort and enjoy- - HAS REMOVED her office, from Constitution Saints, and yet be Sabbath breakers? Can mect in due season, and is grateful to Building to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. we see better times that we attend these Heaven that he possesses the means to Office hours, 2 to 4 p m. places by the thousands? Let us be wise, procure all the comforts of life, which he reflect before it is too late, lest worse times wisely uses to prolong his existence. come upon us. JDj&JTrXlS T .2X3 3 dz CO. , - ' i , , . -- Anon. TINNERS CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. To the memory A GLIMPSE OF UTAH LAKE. A score of miles toward the west, The lake lies spread with sunset sheen , A top the highest peak I rest, And count the Jiills that lie between "ThevaHey-and-4hem6ntala-cre- ; stt The changing hues of sunset die In misty twilight, dull, opaque; The distant slowly fly, A crescent moon hangs o'er the lake, Low down a fading evening sky. sea-gul- ls ornamen- tal.. V " . The world forgives a great deal in a man who is kind to his family. The man who controls himself will also control many other people. If woman lost us Eden, such as she alone can restore it. Whittier. Cashi Better follow the sternness of a truth than the glittering"delusion of a4ie. Men often follow lies because they shine T. T. Lynch. -- .. In men of the highest character and noblest genius' there generally exists, insatiable desire of honor, command, power, ,.ttuu giuii. - Hoilsr E,E.THOMiiS e ; .: f Committee. Janet Harrison, ; Adelaidc Melurum,. ... . t Ann Williams. Keeps on Hand The highest and most profitable lesson is the true knowledge of ourselves. But one thing on earth is better than the' wife that is the mother, Leopold Shafer. The only thing which every one can do, and the only thing which any one needs do, is his duty. 1 Who departed this life April 22nd, 1893. Sister DAVID JAMES, Box. 306. Salt Lake City Crane was born at the village of great Staughton Jiuntingtpnshire.England on Llec. 5th 1S57. Was , married to Geo. Edward Crane Oct.. 13th 1S81,. in Salt Lake City by President D. H. Weils. Was the mother of five children, two girls and one boy su rvi ve her, and also a loving "husban d to mourn her loss. She was a devoted wife and mother. At a meeting lat the Fourth Ward R. S. Provo.the following Resolutions were, adopted. 26128,30and32 East 1st SouthSt, Whereas God has seen fit in his Alwise Provi dence to call from our midst our beloved Sister Crane who has been a faithful teacher in the 4th, SAIT LAKE CITY. Ward, a devoted friend to the poor and a wise counselor in her family, and Whereas, it is fitting that she be held m honor able rememberance, therefore be it The, Resolved; by the Sisters of the Relief Society of the 4th Ward that' while we mourn not as those . who have no hope yet realize that we have lost a faithful friend and sister who died as she had lived in the hope of a glorious resurrection. Resolved; that 'the resolutions be spread upon the ward record of the Relief Society, and that copies-bsent to the Woman's Exponent for '. publication. M. Margaret Watson, President. Leading Retail MISCELLANEOUS.- is useful is of Sister Annie Smith Crane. . Laura St. Vrain. What Aifentfor RU MSEY'ScelebratedUFTand FOKi PQMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Order fr r hopntfv nnmptlv reanonded to. OBITUARIES. Sister Elizabeth Powell the beloved wifi of Brother Thomas Powell, departed this life at Marriott Weber County, . April 27th, 1893. She was a native of j Carmarthen South Waif ? hnm w in iRza Seoteniber iSth. 1822. was baptized :mL . JTT grated to Utah 1S69. She soon after joined ou r rvcitei wua vciy uuuebt uprigni, KinU and charitable woman, a faithfnl wife and kind mother, a eood neighbor and friend.- Whpn in her native land she made a comfortable home for the Mormon Elders, who preached the Gospel in that land. After much sufierinz she died in full forth in the Gospel of Jesus Christ and in hopes of a icbuireaiuu. jjiujiuus We extend our sympathy to the bereaved - mjr 1 7 ouv-ici- M y, DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- POISE WAISTS, ETC. Drew JTIftbfnsr jnall its branches, JTiiIlInry, latw. Biyifs, IlaU and IlotinfU cleaned and retrimmcd Feather curled, etc. Stamnlnr dare to or! r. lt tons covered while you wait. BnrSI Suit SP1"! TST WEST TISrUPLK STIU1T y11 Q -XX KJ. Onn. Grant Bros. Stitbics. - family. - " ' "" " - - Ann - , 13ICKINGTON, Catharine Dr. ELLIS It. SHIPP. SURGEON' ANP : CCOUCHEUK. Diseases oT Women Specialty. Instructions upon these subjects; two classes taught yearly, beginning 'respectively Oct. iow andApriLioth. Reviews giverf to former student free of charge. For particulars enquire personally or by letter at NoTtrMni Strf : President. PARKTTSec ' St 