i - WOMAN S EXPONENT. 162 When they have eaten and are ready to spin Cape Cod, nth loyal "to England at heart, and disliked subscribed they begin to hunt a place by throwing their the thought of having their posterity November, 1620. In the reign of our sovereign Lord, King head around as though they were trying to merged into the Dutch nation. They were Then we prepare ill at ease, and ' their thoughts turned to James of England, France and Ireland iS, catch at something. frames of lath, far enough apart1 for the wards the New World,' both on account of and of Scotland 54." This document was the germ of our tree worms to crawl into, a double set of lath their religion, and also on account of their the benefits as it were, the wrorms seem to like the and popular temporal advancement. About the'22nd of July, 1620, all' who of .which cannot be too fully appreciated roughness of the lath. They attach their webb, something like a spider's webb. onlv were considered strong enough to endure even down to the present time. ., 4.1.' r, UUCKCI IU lUiiU JLUCU LWWUS in, tUat IS To be Continued. the hardships of pioneers,, embarked on they hang themselves, in the wall and build board a small vessel, the Speedwell that had all around, compressing - themselves into been purchased in Holland, preparatory for SILK CULTURE IN UTAH. one quarter of their natural size, spinning their long journey. The parting was very from the inside, until, they are increased-- Inflecting,.. their good pastor kneeling intheiL. iii starled TuiTsilk industrywas fairly? they then change, it takes from three to midst, giving them his parting blessing, Utah as the as 1867. year early four days to make a cocoon and then they and commending them to the care of God. went of Mrs. a resident Draper, Duiiyon. With many sad farewells and earnest lay dormant about five days after the stated and to President Brigham Young cocoon is finished. You have to pick out they started on their remarkable of the understood the her father that raising largest cocoons. for those that you want voyage. At Southampton, England, they silk and that she believed that it would to produce eggs, and in about five days they were joined by a larger, vessel, the historic as. the: here a profitable industry come out as millers which mating produce The two vessels started, prove Mayflowed be desired to was climate, etc., everything but the Speedwell was found to be eggs for the next yean Those of the silkworm. of for the the successful raising cocoons that we wish to ' produce? silk, we and after putting back twice for Presicierxt Young had previously .sent for repairs, the Speedwell was finally abandon put in the sun or an oven to kill the white the seeds the black and of mulberry chrysalis. Those that the millers come and all who could be accomodated , ed, trees to which France he planted on one out of are called perforated 'cocoons and the crowded into the Mayflower t and on Sep- tember 6th, were finally launched on their of his farms called Forest Farm. He also thread being broken they cannot be used sent East for some 'silkworm eggs. Mrs. for the finest silk but for an -inferior grader way. Their being obliged to leave part of Zina D. ars H. Young, . who was their number behind, here caused another . Now. the cocoons in which the chrysalis President of the silk association in Utah . distressing scene of farewells. The voyage taking charge of the same and that year has been killed are ready for spinning, we was disagreeable and perilous in the excocoons raising two hundred pounds of cocoons and would take a dozen or twenty-fiv- e treme. They encountered the equinoctial to the size of the thread we need thirty-si- x ounces of eggs for another year. according gales, and for days were tossed about in an f and For several years thesilk business proved putting the cocoons intc boiling water almost disabled condition. To add to their take a small cluster of broom straws and distress one of their number died and had almost a failure and in 1872 it was taken beat the cocoons until you catch up the up by Mrs. Dunyon and myself, we meetto be buried at sea. ing with extraordinary success; we raised threads and then hang the threads up on It was not until the 9th. of November about seven hundred pounds of cocoons a hook or a wire and run upon to the rest that they came in sight of land. They that year. . ready for twisting. attempted to land in several places, but I also learned to double and twist the It was very difficult to feed them at were in danger of being swamped, and silk on a wool spinning wheel. Forest Farm,as the mulberry 'trees were too after waiting for some time, finally found s The silk of and proved quality their way into Cape Cod Harbor. The I learned to raise silk in its crude state, Pilgrims were men of prayer, and asked The mulberry trees should be raised in the different understanding thouroughly the Divine guidance and blessing on all brush and planted in rows and each row from care of the processes taking" eggs up should-b- e theydid. On Saturday, November nth, to cut every otheryear'r"":'. - for the rawsilk and preparing weaving, religious services' were held on board the this in face of the fact " Susan A. Stringiiam, . that we had no Mayflower , returning thanks to God for ;. jnaa.cMneiy.jof anykindi JJ1? fgopdiie5S..tQ-theus how to double and twist and aid in the future. As there were some the'silk.V signs of insubordination on board, it 'was spin Miss Margaret Windeyer has been As regards the feeding and raising of deemed advisable to enter into a voluntary appointed by the government of New South silkworms the is one in, which process for self government." John Carver compact Wales as a commissioner to the World's Fair. was chosen governor for one year, and great care and attention is required. The moths or millers are placed upon She is the daughter of Sir William Windeyer, Miles Standish captain, and the whole the senior Puisne Judge of the Supreme number of men, who with their wives and sheets of paper to lay their eggs, one milCourt of New South Wales, and will children amounted to one hundred and one ler "will lav five hundred eggs or more. represent the colony of which her father is The eggs are left on the sheet souls' affixed their signatures to the followso distinguished a citizen. of paper and placed in a perforated box ing document: until spring when the mulberry- - leaves beGod AmenT"7 Lady Henry Sqmerset has been regin togrowready for feed. The eggs have whose names elected lovnl to be president oi the British Women's kept warm until they are hatched, of our dread subjects Sovereign Lord, King when hatched they are about the size of a Temperance Association by a majority James, by the grace of God, of Great of sixty-nine- .There had been-- strong difof a pin and being black they can point just ference of opinion on the matter, Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender be seen. Lady r of the faith, etc. conservative You the Henry could then take whit worms that being regarded by 'v.-Having undertaken for the glory of God you could place comfortably on your hand element as too radical on some subjects, and the advancement of the Christian faith and they (placed on especially on woman suffrage. Her. rehurdles) when fully election and the honor of our king and country , a grown would fill a room is a triumph for the progressive sixteen by sixteen to the first voyage plant colony in the feet and eleven feet high, party. The defeated : minority withdrew northern parts of Virginia, do by these from the meeting. From the time the worms WWand presents solemnly mutually; in the until they are ready to spin is about five of God and one presence another, covenant weeks. TiiE.old Liberty Bell -- was greeted with' : and combine ourselves together into a civil molt They an'oTthey are cheers all alone the wav 011 its route to bodyipolit?cr"for o nd five changed every from one hurdle Chicago. When it arrived, the great crowd preservation, and ' furtherance of the ends to another onerhalf days of the cheered itself hoarse. As we read this quantity beintr aforesaid,: and by virtue hereof to enact, placed on the hurdles as account increase we wondered whether the4 men who they in constitute and frame such first and equal cheered for the deeds for. which this old laws, ordinances, acts, constitutions and When first fed the mulberry leaves are ben rang would themselves uphold the offices, from time to time as shall be broken up in small pieces and fed to claims of justice for thought most meet and convenient for the them, but women, who are disas they increase in size whole franchised just as the colonists .were, and general good of the colony; unto which we leaves and then branches are tfo given, and tie -- ilspJioblyjthaX promise all due submission and Jast two havetonSFra will give them glad welcome? We hope. Inr. virtu-e- whereof have "hereunder7 day and our-names- . j;-.- -- . T ' self-governme- nt, -- 1 -- - - - hand-clasping- s, - unsea-worth- y, 1 for-ye- - ; first-clas- . -- MrSi-rRobertson-tau- ght . -- and-imploring--- m, , "Inthenameof a . ' v W , ". -- yevery-Joveys- . :w olx-dipt- i jveeks-thewefm- night; s ; . fC.' A miijmivii - . 