. I .. . r -- for 71 their attention, the honor they had their presence, congratulated 'kteTHorne, and expressed her pleasure associated with her iii'many labors jtt being am tllL Iroraxn" closed of lve alltI cnarity' ith benediction by President Lorenzo refreshments Daintily prepared were served to ,the entire company and and greetings were general conversation adieus as evening- - ap- goon followed by hy - proached.' . t r R S. RK PORTS. . SANPETE KTAKE. Xs but uto taHC, n iK"! ""to our Father in Heaven? our- - thaS be or the blessings we daily. Let us be patient and humbleenjoy in our trials and the Lord will bless us. Zion is arising and her light is beginning to shin. Pray to our Heavenly Father that he will our sons and daughters iii purity, that keep they may become shining lights in the Kingdom of God' ' Counselor Sarah Peterson spoke concerning hard times buUaid.I think it is a good time for we have plenty to eat and wear. Advised the sisters tn snhcrn'h lUt XJt Sister Taylor (said the exponent. worKoi the Keliet Society is a great and giunuus rone. it-is--no good for"us"to to belong any association unless we tvrfnrm our 4uties- Do we t0 the Relief Society ttl Autl rtrrr 4 si lu jjMbsip ana raiK jabout our and the Priesthood? No, we go neighbors mere to be taught in the gospel. The brethren are beginning to realize that, women are a help in the kingdom of God I manK uoa lor the iaithtulness "and bravery of our sisters through their troubles and trials. Sustain your presidents and coun selors by your prayers. Also Sister Ziua D. Young and her counselors. Be good wives and mothers and watch your children, for Satan is trying, to lure them Irom' purity and virtue. Ask God to help you to know your duty and to do it. Sister Wells spoke at some length on the . 'Tim Relief Society Conference, of the Sanpete Stake of Zion convened in the Ephraim School House, September 22nd, President M. A. P. Hyde presiding, 1S93. Conference opened with singing, "Lord we come before thee now." Opening prayer N". Dorius. C. C. Singing "Redby Bishop Statistical and eemer of Israel." Financial report of the Relief Society of Sanpete Stake, and the initiates of the last conference were read and approved. President M, A. P. Hyde hoped we would have a tiui of rejoicing in our conference, "Do not partake of the spirit of the world but try and draw. them to us,: so, they can p irtake of the spirit of the Gospel ; -- of Jesus Christ.". The branches of the Relief Society of Fountain Green, Moron v Ephraim, and by their Spring Citv were represented oresidents. all testifying of the teood work CJ l 9 by the sisters. Sarah Peterson said she that is being done Counselor thought the sisters were doing well and did think they culd do any better. Spoke at some length in regard to the storing of wheat. Sister E. B. Wells, of Salt Lake Citv. referred to the storing: of grain and the coun.sel of President Young to the sisters; also of the- respect that was shown to the Presidency of the Church in attending the World's Fair. Considered the meeting held by our sisters in Chicago and the visit" of''.the Presidency had removed a great deal of prejudice against us as a people. in reeard to the Snoke r WnrM 'c Irir Tht TTrtTirpTnTTj thai was made on the people of the world at the Relief Society and Y. L. M. I. A. meetings at Chicago, were very important.: Sister Elmina S. Taylor Territorial . President of the Y. L. M. I. A. of Salt lake City, rejoiced in the organization of the - Relief Society. "President Young was inspired when he told the sisters to store up grain for a time of famine. This is a time of progress-- , among the women of the world and we do not want to be behind them. The Relief Society is a blessing throughout the land. May the Lord bless inus, that our meetings may be full of struction. " Singing ' 'Come, come ye Saints." Benediction by Bishop L. S. not , - - -- Anderson. . . '.' President M. A. singing "Praise to the Afternoon session: p. Hyde presiding; who communed with Jehovah." Prayer by Bishop Anderson. Singing, ' 'Our God we raise to thee. ' ' The two branches of Manti Relief Society, were presented by their presidents as being in Hood condition, Counselor 'Minerva W. desSnow said: "My feelings I could not cribe, the joy that filled my ? heart to hear the sisters of the prosperity of Zion. lt is very encouraging to have our brethren man - itiua - T 1 . Silk Industry. Advised the sisters to plant cocoons. mulberry trees and raise Gave a description of some of the exhibits at the World's. Fair. Referred briefly to the different meetings of the women at Chicago. "It is the express wish of Sister Young that the branches of the. Relief Society should meet twice a month at - least." - , Sister Tavlor desired the brethren and sisters to teach their children their mother tongue, those of different nationalities President M. A. P. Hyde thanked the sisters for the information that they had given ns. fr Sister Mary Petersen was susConference tained as Stake Treasurer. for three months. Singing ' 'The adjourned . : . r c 1:1 r OI LrOU 1IK.C a. uic is uuimug. opiril -Benediction- rj 1 Schofield hrr Mary Ann trantzen, HUNTSVILLE WEBER bee. CO. Minutes of a meeting of the Relief Society .of Huntsville Ward, held August 24th, Society of Huntsville Ward. She. expressed her gratification at observing a Spirit of progress that1 appeared to actuate the Saints of this place, and congratulated, the Society upon their prospect of a house in which to work, transact their business, and hold their meetings. She also urged the importance of carefully maintaining united efforts, and referred to some of the magnificent results that 'had already been accomplished thereby. - Sister Bathsheba W. Smith said this was her first visit to this ward, and felt very much pleased at the present opportunity) to or iier lister w here-ma.c mc acuuainiance x Kemartea how little we realized when the Prophet Joseph first organized the Society in Nauvoo, the vast - importance which these associations would . attain to. but time and experience has nr.iven that Grd works withlHis daughters, and they are doing a great work in the midst of Israel. President Zina D.' H. Young desired the Spirit to guide heron this imoortant oc casion. Joseph Smith said, early after the first organization, while addressing the Relief Society in April 1&12. "You will receive instructions through the order of me priesthood which God has established, t hrough the medium of those appointed, to lead, guide and direct the affairs of the Church in this last dispensation; and I now . . 11. j. iurn me Key in your Dehait in the name 01 the Lord, and this Society shall rejoice and knowledge and intelligence shall flow down from this time henceforth; this is the begin ning of better days to the poor and needy, who shall be made to reioice and pour forth blessings on your heads. ' ' Let me say to all who look upon these associations as idle gossip, I bear my testimony before you that God is with his daughters: and to vou mv dear brethren, be interested, for there is a ' great blessing in .this work. Assist the sisters in their work of righteousness and their blessings will all be shared by you. and they will be encouraged to press forward in their good work, and labor of love to the needy. Apostle F. D. Richards said: we must keep in mind that we are engaged in the Lord's work. The 2,000 members of the Relief Society in the Church are doing an .. 1 1 - indescnbable"amoxrntTigo.odTm various wards. Their Bishops realize their mighty help, as well as the needy who receive their kindly aid. All this is part and The parcel of the wxrk of the Lord. in visit their to the Society late Presidency in Ogden expressed their approval of the societies erecting houses in which to meet, instnict each other and their daughters in all things pertaininer to life and health that human suffering may be diminished and a greater longevity attained, as well as do their current business and perform their works There were present on the stand Apostle F. D. Richards, Bishop David Mckay, President Zina D. H. Young, her counselors Mrs. Bathsheba W. tmith; jane o. VinhorAz- Ward President Eliza A. Tracy. with her Counselors; Stake Secretary, of charity. He extended his remarks concerning the duty of the Society, and the Hiittie Cannon, and others. The object of the" meeting beings to re- necessity of a house for them to occupvl ceive instruction and to lay the corner stone and expressed his pleasure at the earnests of a Hall for the Relief Society of this ness with which the people here had un this work. We must persevere Ward, to hold its meetings and transact its dertaken and progress or the work of God will business irt. President Tracy called the meeting to advance and leave us behind. Sister Richards spoke furthur of the order when Bishop Alckay onerea prayer. After stating the object of the meeting house, and was happy to hear of the inter est felt by the young: ladies of the Improve- President Tracy requebicu oisiu jauc w ment Association in helping their mothers Richards to address ane meeung wuu of the? Relief Society, to accomplish its great pleasure at meeting with erection! pressed Said they would live to see the the Saints on so interesting and imponani the laving of the" corner day when they would praise the Lord for an oc r.:n and benefit. the course they had taken. stone of a building for the . use Bishop McKay and others addresse d of the ladies who constitute the Relief - - " ; ? . - hr ' , 