124 WOMAN'S .EXPONENT, tiou of George Washington in 1789 as the give to the bell thus created the largest for God. lilKTtv. humntiitv nml first President .of the United States. SepThe question as to how, the means; shall tember 17th. the adoption of .the Constitution by the- Continental Congress 1787. be obtained to secure this bell has been agiEditor. JiEMMELINE D. WELLS, December 7th. ratification of the State of tated largely in many ways and after all it in Salt Lake City,. Utah. Published Delaware 1787 she being the first state to is as yet perhaps somewhat uncertain what Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one obpy six months, ratify the Constitution. The anniversary can be gathered, Or we" have 'very few facts 5a cts. No reduction made (or clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. of the dates of the different states or their to state as yet.' It has been proposed to use Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines pf nonpareil all sorts of metal relics, even cannon and to admission into the Union.' April 30th anspace, one time, &2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal dis- count to regular advertisers. niversary of the Louisiana purchase 1803. fuse in the composition gold, silver, copper , South Temple Street, .Exponent office, No. February 22nd. the acquiring of Florida bronze rahd nickel. 'Perhaps in our next second gate east of Dcseret News Office. Business hours issue we may be able to give more positive and the Spanish possessions in: ,1,819. : from :o a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. of information concerning this bell. May 3rd. 'Address all "business tommunications to' 7r : 1 ne laay wnom uov I nomas has apa Constitutional form of government by PUBLISHER WOMAN'S, EXPONENT, Poland in 1 79 1 , also: the anniversary of the pointed to look after this matter in Utah is ; SALT LAKE ClTY, UTAH, : ;:; Mrs. W. S.'.'McCornick and she will be adoption of a Republican form .of govern, Entered at thi Post OJfue in Salt Lake ment by all the different; nations of the glad to hear from any one. willing to conCity, Utah, as second class matter. earth from date of the Swiss Federation, up tribute money, or. articles of value to be used in the ; work. All articles should be to that1 of Brazil including hot only RepubSalt L; a ke City, February 15th, 1893. lics, but jrovernments constitutional where accompanied .with a brief, history of the relic whatever it may be and the name and the control of finances is left to representa tives elected by the people, it lmg as- addressof thedonorThe.-womeno- f' this" LIBERTY BELL 1893. 1 erntory shoiild be as, zealous and as sumed- that 7 wherehls'ris'lHecaie" the n so in far tliis as matter or those of any other plutocratic hereditary principle, soon will their remains in as it of the women and' should of the United States have show their The government part Union, ' .11 .rl interest shown themselves somewhat ingenious as come to an end.. their . Ll.', .. by good r works in agitating well as patriotic in in venting ways and October 21st. of each vear anniversary methods of celebrating by means of practipf the discovery of America by Columbus, warded to Mrs. McCornick 'as early as poscal exhibits for the Columbian Exposition. sible. Anv one desiring furthpr infnr I4.Q2. September 3rd. anniversary of the ; Une oitlie latest suggestions is-- a nronoswi signing of the treaty of" peace between mation as to articles, money, etc.. should write direct to Irs: McCornick's, residence Liberty Bell, a duplicate of the Indepen- - Great Britain and America 1783; February 6th. anniversary of .the signing of the No. 1, Centre St, Salt Lake City. be made of historic material, so far as such treaty of. recognition and assistance by Penny contributions are acceptable, in can be obtained. France in ,1776. December 24th, signing fact it is thought, ; by some, ' that 7 penny A Circular of information issued,, in of the treaty in 1814, concluding, the war contributions from children , ' all over the with the work, says in addition to of i8i2; that freed, the commerce pf the , land, . would alone be sufficient. v the title "and as a "Permanent Missionary United States' from the exactions' , of the r. of Liberty and Peace. 'V ..: oiif established mother and ;:, country rights "Win. 0. McDowell, Chairman Organiz- -' upon the ocean. T ' ' U. W. P. C. VALENTINE PARTY. April 9th', the anniversary of the and Founder of tlie Societies of the Sons of in 1865 of peace between the Mrs. L. S. Dickinson entertained tlie 's the American Revolution and of the States. May 8th, the signing of the Utah Woman's Press Club at her residence, Daughters of the American Revolution etc. agreement to arbitrate the Alabama Claim 423, 2nd, South1 St., in this City on St.. 1 the r Behring - Sea diffiiniwriting toMiss jnnni, EMicHeyv ; ReaValentine5sve;Februaryi gent 'Liberty Bell Chapter, Daughters of culty 1892. January 1st, the Emancipapretty parlors were; brilliantly lighted and the i Americans- Revolution; .: says , what tion Proclamation, in 1 863: x March - 3rd, everything;; presented r the apjjearaiicev. o "could be more .appropriate for mottoes and the freeing of the serfs .m Russia-- 1 863 iesrivityrT-TheaW!igraceful . and. T tPYtc tfinn nn- pv-i- r - ItTolio f i vif fciiv, lin ,JL41U,1 mJ November 4th.:lheanniversary"Of-WilliacharmingThostess, and the occasion will "Perm's treaty of peace in 1682, with the long be remembered by those who , ;were land to' all the inhabitants thereof," and Indians.., ' present, as one of the most enjoyable, social to in God the on of anniversaries "Glory The events that, in the entertainments, ot the season. earth highest, , ; peace good will toward men ;M this Bell he opinion of the Lady Board of Managers,'are: " rThe ladies were veach; to tell a thinks should be placed in the most ap- sufficiently noteworthy, or if no' such Board tale or reminiscence of expected' St Valentine's Day, propriate place in the coming Exposition at shall exist in the opinion of the General or something connected with the' origin or and afterwards located either, at Board of Managers, such historic' Chicago ' cause the of Jhe days celebration, and one or T iknrt'.. Tt , TT!H muxiy iwauu, xjunKcr xim, or me iauDn-a- l marking' tiie world's, progress by evolution two responded with incidents, legends, etc. Capital. He also thinks the Bell should or revolution toward the day when the but fon st part the, time was , occube taken from place to j place whenever sword shall be .beaten into the in ploughshare pied admiring the various relics and there is a World's Exhibition; and adds and the spear into .'the pruning hook,' and Indian articles in Mrs. Dickinson's one is expected in Paris, France in 1900. men. shall learn the art of war ntf imore.' " collection of curios, which seemed unique to be He also suggests in theisame letter. 7; . "At 12 o'clock noon on the anniversaries almost a private museum. Indeed, the "That the Board of Lady Managers at pf the death of the 'creators of was not half long enough to see liberty;,; evening Chicago shall be its custodian, and shall arit, shall toll giving the number of strokes and hear- of, these interesting things, a ' range for.its location, and have charge of that announce their age at the time of Mrs. Bang who has lived in Arizona, and ' its use, that if, the example 'of America is theirgill V.l;:-"'.oeath.'.'' ".'. Colorado gave some very entertaining-accountbeen estimated that the cost'bfthe repeated and a Board of Lady Managers of her varied experience in ' these bell will be 6.000 dollars;' the ' appointed in connection with "following exdelivery historic places;' where the ancient inhabishall be its custodians and setting in the tdwer at hibitions, that-theChicago ready tants lived and flourished long ago, and of while at the exhibition that they represent. for use 500 dollars. 'AH pfooer allowHnppQ the finding of old and The! use of the bellis to beas follows- - - r queer specimens of be made for tp and tin and 'ofiier various sorts of copper K'oY things. 1 1n : With the rising of the sun it shall ring metaisusea at lull market value. -Miss Burnham recently ironilheiT Sah out joyous peais - 01 welcomed At I sunset Committees have alreavfe d JuanValleyin-UtalnanNewMexico told it shall bid farewell to the closing, day. tromr several mB:XnWxc(J ladies the; of the mounds and cliff dwellings, At 9 xSclockrin the morning on the an ganizations) and also a Committee made up pottery, and of the habits," customs and niversaries or the lollowmg events' and of one lady sug-estebv the G work of the tribe of Indians in those those of a kindred character Dertainino-teach;Stote and. Territory :ih: theUnibh'iihd localities, present the Navajo wothe world's progress toward liberty and oy tlie President of each particularly-o- f y thU "Remihlirr, men I and their very handsome blankets Deace. the bell shall rin forth, in world. Also by a lady- or t In fact there gentleman slig'. celebration. the executive pf each one of the conversation that was so much delightful gested by the hours flew," by all, too ' July 4th, Declaration of Independence great patriotic .,societiesV; of: the! World, and 1876.'- - April 30th. in' celebration of the swiftly and 'the guests were so absorbed in uch other persons 'as by their 1 completion of our present form of mPtandian. liieandihelGBggOy" liave shown themselves ? that peculirlfifteorto' was difficult to come do wa; to the it make a work like this, successful: :M3iLL present andmmon jpare to J'- Woman's Exponent. in-flnpT- irt - ; ,." semi-monthl- . y, , , " : E-- ; . anniversaryr-of-the,:adoptio- n J . - . , ; - - i 'f M L. ener-getici- : ; : w , " -- " : ' con-hecti- on " . . ' ' ( , ; in-18- 7 - s . -- -- J-- - ; ';; . : 1 - 1- .1 1' -- the-mo- - . 1 . . , , : ; - .' - ; ; .: - l Itas s - ; , : y ; 1 c' d n ; "tA - - " j jlife-work- f I 