104 k Woman's Exponent.-- EMMELINE D, WELLS, ANNIE WELLS CANNON (Camtlia), EXPONENT office, Rooms 227 &23 Constitution Building, Mam Street, opposite Z. C. M, I. Business hours from 10 a,m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EX PONENT, Entered at the Post OJice in Salt Lake City, Utah, as ' econd class matter. - May 15, 1893.' SPRING HINTS and throw all the bedding 'and clothes of oirchairs or other furniture,-takthe a pound of sulphur and break it in two or three pieces; place; it in a tin plate and place the plate on bricks or in a pan of water so there will be no clanger of fire, pour alcohol over the sulphur and light it, light the one farthest from the door first and move quickly so as not to inhale any of the fumes, close the door tightly and leave fliesliTphur to burn.. It will be some hours before the room can be opened and it is best then f possible to leave- it a dav and nisiht. ' U the following morning raise the windows. and let the air and sunshine m. In o gem or bacilli can possibly live throughjhat and if this is careuillv followed vour room is ready for cleaning and occupying again. room-loosel- , -- fresh and bright apparel, one longs also for a change and as the warm days approach we begin to plan lighter and fresher adornment both for the home and person. Forswearing apparel there jire so many mexperisive materials in tweeds and serges, in light colors, soft gray sand browns, tans, and if one prefers, dark blues, that make stylish and pretty gowns, but there is nothing fresher or prettier than the ginghams, and this year the patterns are especially pretty in such bright contrasting colors in plaids or stripes and best of all they wash so clearly and nicely and are so cheap that one can easily afford to be well dressed. Emptying out the wardrobes and folding and laying aside the winter clothing and wraps, to make room for the new lighter clothes is rather a tiresome' piece of work. but if well done one. fully appreciates it in - trie mil, lor it is such a com fort to take out the warm clothing and find it all ready for usetrttortaentlragw n 7 EDITORIAL NOTES. The month of flowers, the month of beauty. The hill sides are sweet with the purple sweetwilliams and wild peas and the fragrance of-tfruit one Irom the garden, liven now, m greets this backward spring, the pretty peach .blossom and the fragrant plum and pear beautify our gardens and nature is smiling through the storm. .Not only does the beauty of the month - of May touch the heart but the thoughts that this month bring to us df the loved dead; for always .when tne liowers bloom do we long to gather them and lay them on the graves. 'tis such a little thing to do- - for our dear ones, only to take a few blossoms to their resting place,but it is a tender remembrance and that one day in all the long year should be given to the dead is most fittinsr. True. every day; the thoughts of the mourner are- with the .loved and gnmage does she make to the sacred grave, but Decoration Day is a day for all and the heart's sorrow is softened by the mingling ot other sorrows. Then the city of the dead is a mass of color and as s it with roses and lilies and sweet carpeted 1 am sure blossoms animosity and are unknown and good ilLand-affection for our fellow men prevails throughout the land. This beautiful day each year brings us nearer heaven and heaven nearer us. May tree-blosso- he . -- - Jost.and-many-Ja.-piU- n it the necessity for such" a societvT May the brave women who have organized it find among themselves such a leader as Mme. Bogelots, for then their work will certainly become successful and their names be ever great for the good that they have .. " one-view- lll-feelin- done. . , The young women are beating the young men in McGill Collesre.uo in Montreal, too. Although - only eleven women are takm? o the degree of B. A. out of a trraduatiner class of thirty-ninyet out of eleven graduating in honors six are women, and but of five medallists three are women. showinsr that in taking honors the women have, in proportion to their number, done three times as well as the men. tight-fittin- i--- i.ii of-cour- se o- -w- r low-positio- - . best of all no moth-eateplaces. When is one ready to lay aside the winter clothes they should be properly mended and cleanly brushed and hung for a few hours in the sun to make sure no moth is laid away with them, then carefully folded or rolled and placed in a close box. If one chooses a or tobacco" sprinkled among them is good, but you will find black pepper will keep the moths out iust as well. .still if the box Is well made and a g Mme. Isabella Bogelot of France has lid there is not much danger from ' i 1 ct.11 ii arnvea moths. If you have no chest for the clothes in mis countrv. Shp comes to attend the Roman's Congress at a seamless sack will serve the .purpose just as well, and if you prefer, wrap in newsChicago as a delegate from the society of the Liberated Prisoners of St. Xagare of paper first. - Kerosene is taking quite a place in the which society she is the Directress-generahouse work, but of course one must take The notices of the arrival of this distinguished woman and the extensive descripgreat care in the use of it. Sen-an- t girls tions of her personal charms and her wonare likely to misuse it, .as an exchange said derful work in the different eastern papers lately, "five hundred things are made of her greatness as a public benefactor kerosene, including angels." First of all proves Mme: Bogelot began her public career in don't let the girl light the fire with it. little-campho- ' - . every day from morning until night and I have been doing it for the last eighteen years. She took, a course in clinics so that if cases of surgery or medicine should be necessary while engaged in her philanthrope ic duties she would be found competent. No woman even in the lowest prison cell is too degraded or too low for her kindly ministrations; and she opens her arms and her heart to. the unfortunate and strives to lift them to a brighter, nobler life with her magnetic influence and deep spmpathy and She has brought her. own beautiful life. hundreds of fallen women from, their, and taught them so that their lives were no more dishonored that they no more contemplated seK destruction but tried to live honestly and uprightly. The past winter in this city such a work as Mme. Bogeldts was begun. It is called "The Rescue, "ai d is a home for fallen wo-men who wish to reform or for unfortunate girls who have been led astray and desire to retrace their steps and lead virtuous lives. It is not a home for them to iHIp away their time in useless repining nor is it a reform school with iron bars and prison rules but a real true home, where work is provided both for the mind and the hands and a moral atmosphere pervades. These noble souls who saw the field for such a society and felt to sacrifice their time to the work 01 it must have the same instincts and human love which has actuated Mme. Bogelots and her associates. May their success be such that the difficulties ot the work will not be heeded. It is sad to realize that Salt Lake City should require such a society. Not many years since the sight of a drunken woman on the streets was unknown and at first if at rare instances such a sight were seen it struck the beholder with horror, but with .the opening of mihesx the increase" of railroads, the advance of the city towards a metropoli-taplane, crime has also increased and with ' ' e y In the spring when nature puts on her -- - - Salt Lake City, Utah. Salt Lake City, ' Close all the air holes, even the stove draft, " r Editor. Editorial Contributor. y, ' fumigate a room thoroughly and easily, and I can crive vou a perfect and a proven recipe. in Salt Lake City, Utah.. Published one Terms: one copy year, $1.00; one copy six months, tor clubs. City papers delivmade reduction No cts. 50 ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square,, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. semi-monthl- EXPONENT. WOMAN'S e, -- 1 l. vpcufuLof: itmkediwitli-soapintoit-s- 1876 oft soap and turned into the boiler will make a soft suds for washing that cannot be improved upon. To clean the bath tub, the sink and the zinc under the strive it a great help and it adds a luster to the tiles and hearth if used with the soap when washing them. Just now when there is so much sickness the readers of the around, perhaps - to tknbwnow: Jvx . riwouldike- PASSING THOUGHTS. andanviSMaseleetedDirmis geuerp.- Since that time she has represented the society at several times abroad at-t- he Roman Congress in 1$$$, at Xouisanna in iSSysn at the Council at Washington in 1888. What of her charms and her work? : Her charms are her great . ' -- : human sympathy and her kindly ministration especially for unfortunate women her work is her continued labor for and the pays; Avny I give mr whole time to ijt Some people object to fairy .tales and say they are taught to deceive; for myself I do not think so. Aside from the entertain-- r mentthey, tffer there is al way s a moral and, usually a very good one connected with them. Generally speaking, people are not very fondjf moralizingF: they object to being found fault with or .to having their faults pointed out to them, but under the guise cf a charming fairy tale many a moral lesson is taught and indelibly impressed on the .mind. This truth was - recently vhik most forcibly brought. Jtoi mjnind spendrnrfev enirif withT a most beauHfiif yp ung; r and mean :t& repeat anTold - , ; . 