WOMAN'S! IEXPONENT. entered into the plan,, believing the change would be beneficial to his patient and urging him to try it. : U ith straining eyes we watch the fated ships, As idly on'the wave each heaves and dips, Alas! they do not heed the warning cry, Too late, too late, the blinding storm is nigh. Thrice happy be, who when his voyage o'er Has life's best gifts and graces in his store, Who, when the M uter Ovvner calls Presents his ship well laden from stem to stern. ' The Waltous had gpt comfortably fixed before Dr. Bland and liis wife arrived, Lady -- Walton determined not to go to their own house but stay with Maitlund that she might 'see something of life and not be; buried alive in the great city as she expressed it. Lady Anna was very glad to have her there, thinking Maitland would remain more at home, for he was seldom with her, -- nervous-about and --she him, dreading to know where he spent his time, for entreat him as. she might lie per sisted m staying away. Indeed-shhad when that her cousin thought Jane came, ' he might be more neglectful than ever, but fancied he would be more attentive to his mother and that things would shape themselves more favorably. She was over-se- n sitive and slept little, he could were sad but it tailed to keep him at home; she'll be better by and bye he thought, and had-grown-qi- iite 115 , Salt Lake City Jan. ' K. A. 26th, 1893. Benniox. . THE CLOSING OF THE YEAR tS9?, I do not know of a more prolific theme, -- . ute to it, all the world is expected to go to it. Chicago is the favored city 'where so much of interest will be gathered together, Chicago henceforth, no doubt will consider herself a crowned Queen; but to the hearts of the true Latter-da- y Saints, Chicago and the World's Fair, will fall into insignificance when compared to the more important event of the dedication of the Holy Temple . of our God! - Think of the millions that have died" without the Gospel I Whose spirits await ik" redemption!-Tliirof the" labor "bTTove ' that lies before 71s. in assisting in that Holv house to brine to pass that redemption! Are we ready for it? Are our hearts, and homes set in order? The Lord has said, 'He would suddenly come to his Temple?". if he should do so at the dedication thereof should we be readv to meet him? Or would the parable of the ten virgins be fulfilled ana una us all asleep. "Lo man knowetn the hour of his coming," but let us scan the situation, as it presents itself to us at the close of this year, and study the signs of the times, and square our lives in accordance with what should be required providing that great and important event were to transpire, that though we may be nor one that would be more interesting' than the one I have chosen, but I fear that in the hurry and bustle of the closing year I shall fail to do it justice. ' There are many things before us to contemplate if we had time to devote to their mtemj)JaJtion,..butwe are tralyJixiDgin a jast age wnen all things seem to be- hasten-ing,t- o their final consummation, there seems to be a wild rush by many after wealth, recklessly, pursued his recreant course rewhile others are strugling for a bare pitgardless of consequences. tance, some are almost solely devoted to pleasure, while duty stands in the backTHE VOYAGE OF LIFE. ground totaly neglected. Strife is rampant in families in in neighborhoods We start across life's sea with shoufXand song, in States, and I have not had asleep wejnay 3t least be found among, municipalities our as sail we Gathering cargo along, time to read the Congressional news during those who will have oil in their vessels, Good deeds, kind words, dear friends, bright the present session, but the closing scenes and their lamps trimmed and burning. . gems of thought, C. C. R. Wivis.. ; of the last one, were about as stormy, as These are among the treasures to be caught. we would suppose that cultivated gentlemen For thd Exponent: We dive deep down in wisdom's realm so fair, and lawmakers of a great supposably civilized nation such 'tis ours, could make it. To cull her dainty jewels rich and rare; ; XOVKLY BEAR LAKE. To deck our ship, that o'er life's mystic sea Indeed one might think to look around Skkn from different places, this Lake pre- No clouds may come to dim its brilliancy. read and the sents that them, newspapers, peace many phases, and Summer and . r .1 t it At was me iaKen irom eartn, and yet we are Autumn months c:ave varied and beautiful Let not the sa U sea spray dash o , er our freight, the last days, when people are pictures now retained in memory. living in , To tarnish it, diminish worth or weight, to.be . fbr:the: of, supposedt l ne nrsi, a summer aay. , unmpses oi coming. Steer straight n preparing r f t beliour anu 1 the dark blue lake between vivid ereen trees: oavior jesus innst, lor lyoru Bieakersare hid beneath, each side the way. eve-that not' only the Latter Day Saints a long cool ride along its banks under over- Now as we near storms arise, have faith in his near advent but the whole hanerine trees, brown mountains 011 the Andiiurky clouds and mist, o'er spread the skies Christian world "seems To iWest, the placid Lake on the East, Garden Then, when the troubled waters round us roar, the Spirit of the times, and that great events Lity and rish, 'Haven gemming its borders, We cull our richest gems from Sorrow's store. - Manv are about to transpire. shiftingO until, passimr Fish Haven, the trees vanish- .A and changing scenes are constantly passing' id, and 111 their place broad green meadows Sweet Faith and trust now meet us, oft we trace Detore us, like a moving panorama but as I spread to meet the lapping of the waters of ?Neath sullen waters, Mercy's smiling face have only to deal with the closthe Lake, that stretched Eastward. Then when through shifting clouds the sun apSecond, a picnic party, gathered at Fish ing of the year, I will try to portray our. pears, is to as dav. measure in a it "We situation Haven, merry and joyous beneath the treesl AVe, to our store have added, grateful tears. 1 lie with the sunshine blest as a.peopleLare of hazy blu or mornings and bnght lsil- Some goodly ships are hastened into port, peace, and with a good degree of prosperity, very shimmering sheen had departed and as Their time for gathering cargo is but short, also with a fair proportion of health and aitenioon advanced, a deeper blue air spread The Owner calls in accents low and kind, strength for all of which we should be very, the Lake still growing bluer, as the hours us They pass by, and leave no trace behind. very grateful to our Heavenly Father and wore on. Third a noon-da- y Some launch their ships with Lake scene. Standpromise fair and with the close of this year (although as a to New on am Northern the shore mag-- J not given spasmodic Year's ing midway rule I bright, nificent desolation a make met the eyei No trees A long and happy great effort, resolutions) we should voyage, greets their sight; r with His help, to make the Year i8cn a were apparent to soften the outlines. ' The V The sea is calm and stiihno cloud is seen Lake stretched Southward, brown mountains Even faintly mirrored oil its more fruitful one of good works, and deglistening sheen. votion to Him and His cause than the out- rose on the East. The Western mountains Why should they toil? The heavens are full of yelhnv and red with Autumn glories, beauti-fu- l going one has been. days, blue was the Lake, breaking into laughThe close of the present year finds many 'Tis sweet to linger in life's pleasant ways, important subjects before us, a fe w ol which ing ripples of sil very whiteness. 1 . Why haste? The distance hides the shore Fourth a gorgeous Autumn afternoon5 I shall mention; Ihe autegohism" betwixt They soon can load their ships with richest store. capital and labor, the peculiar state "of af- scene. The trees decked" in golden tints;and ' And thus fairs among the Indians,the partial amnesty maples in flaming scarlet, enough green left they drift along in idle pleasure, r In keeping with the waves soft colors granted to some of our brethren, and still by Jack Frost to set off the brilliant swishing measure ' No one to greater than all other things are the World's of his jacket to the best advantage. Lovely steer, no steady hand to guide, While treacherous Columbian Fair, and the completion and between the openings of the trees lay the quicksands whirl on every side. dedication of our beautiful Temple; of the blue waters of the Lake. Points decked ''Oh! seq the storm-clouand thick gathering World's, Fair I shall not have much to say with gorgeous trees run into the Lake, and : only that it is expected to be one of the at the Southern part the blue sky above, Will ye not labor ere the day is past J most important events that has occurred in the clear blue Lake beneath, the shadows Can ye not hear the roar angry the history or the world, and its magnitude of the Eastern mountains reflected on the And o'er ye, see the eager petrel soar?" n that one's mind canhardlv,erasp it: water, the blue ribbon of water between die Oh! come to shack aud inJtheL. iust think we have had ward us, AVVU help ypu, faJHJne-distance, "Autumn trees fringing the Lake, iairs, city iairs, x ciiituiiai wua o.u.x x 't guiaes us with a power divine, fiu made aweet,,i Jhi Jve'Ushowyou where bright, shining pearls lie, lnSi vorId is expected to contrib- - ever to be remembered. E. B. Spencer.': "Fair ! e see--ker-ey- - . r ; -- - .. ; . . . f-- 1 4 . 1 . mid-oce- an, " -- " - - -- , ' "- - - . far-o- ff 1 . - d " : wa-'er- ! s o-rp- : fairs,-count- y . 