WOMAN'S and Joseph 1. Smith with, some members of their families and some friends, invited guests of party. Eastward thev large On their journey company were' well received , at every stopping place, and concerts were given by .'tbe choir.at Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis and other, places and at Independence Mo. there 'was quite an interesting meeting and This is one of the most historic assembly. places in the reminescences of .the Church, and many of this people were anxious to know i how the Mormons would be received,, where years before they had been expelled from theirjnvn homes and pos-- . EXPONENT. 37 Cannon The reception- - and welcome Saints at greeting given to the Latter-dawas to those this place who very gratifying bitterness the of the of knew past,, and is shows that prejudice gradually giving: better to the way judgment, and that there .conis more tolerance of religious-faiththe trary to the old orthodox views of 'established Churches of" the country.' ' When the First Presidency and choir with the friends .who accompanied them reached Independence having been previous-- . Iy waited upon by a special committee of five citizens, they repaired immediately to the Temple lot where a large assembly of mucnuZ swept away relative to this Cirorts of the -- i I seated there. The choir sang "The spirit of God like a fire is burning," and the ingandloversAof liberty, and extend. in; k tf) ntir n'h' Virminrr tViof tlie mpmnrv nf this hearts, and treasured as one of the most happy events of ? 7 uld the-Residen- t k vyii ui tiie euuuus Happenings oi late is the atiDPflranrp nf tVif larcm i tio w o oorrl i t towers of the Temple and on tne head of the statue of Moroni, also on the truinpet. Daw it mm icit im i"v. pressed that it was a good omen. Copies of the book of poems "Songs anu .r lowers oi uie wasatcn, are now ready and may be obtained from this office, price $i.oo; there is only a limited supply and persons wishing to secure a cop'' should " 4. , - apply soon. ThereWill " E j be a Conference of the Relief Society held sometime during the General Conference of the Church; the time and place of meeting will be given at a later date. It is earnestly requested that the Presidents of Stakes attend or their Counselors .or Secretary should represent them at the Conference, as there will be important matters to be considered that will require the attention of the officers. semi-annu- al of the Silk Industry of this of the Territory i from the very beginning i t r t i j inas Deen preparea ana iorwaraea 10 wort the Ho.i.rable Committee on Silk and Silk Culture at the World's Fair in Chicago 111. It will not be long now until we shall know the result of the' very earnest efforts made by the ladies here to give Utah a fair representation in that particular industry. Statistics etc. of the labors of our sisters in various parts of the Territory have been compiled in this report and the facts set A report in a euuisc iuiu. vjugiipicucusivc uiaiir ner, and it is ardently hoped will receive careful attention. from the men and the wo-- , men who have been appointed judges. lOiLU On Thursday evening Sep. i4tlr, there ' friends and acquaintances at the residence of Mrs. Amelia F. Young to spend a social veningndto-Jieairg- i tdhuny-horBewa- rd from making any demonstration on the New York City relate some of his experience arrival home, such as was' made at their in traveling in our own country, and in departure; it would have been out oLplace foreign lands, the' beautiful scenery and when one of the sweetest singers of their Interesting incidents connected therewith. There was some fine piano music by Miss number was plunged into the depths of sorrow by the sudden news of her baby's Minnie Folsom and Mr. Wilby Dougall condition. All sympathized with her and and a song "The Holy City," feelingReevery heart was lifted in fervent prayer ly rendered by Mr; Hugh Dougall. that the child might be spared until her freshments were served in a dainty fashion return and that prayer was granted, though and altogether the evening was very, enterit did not survive many hours after. May taining; ,Mrs. Youngi is an admirable t h er i n Heaven ei ve unto this sor- - hostess and her visitors always enjoy her mi r Of the rmvinp- mother the comforting influence of hearty welcome and amiability. His holv soirit to abide with her, as He has guests present we noticed President Angus to M. Cannon, Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, Mrs. promised to all, who bow in submission Lizzie F. Young, Mr. O. J. Salisbury and TTic will The choir arrived in- - this City on wife, Mr. W. B. Dougal and wife, Mr. Sam pdavmnrnin?j Seotember ii, and it -- Fenton and wife, Mr. Hinman Fulsom wife one or two concerts in and daughter, Mrs. Phebe Y. Beatie, Dr. will eive is exoected , r t Miss Patterson of. the the Tabernacle, wnen tne people may snow M. Hughes Cannon, their appreciation of. the efforts made, while Herald Staff, Mrs. Priscilla Staines, Mrs. Priscilla Jennings, Mrs. Mc. Donald and away in assemDUne to near me vvcci sino-erof Israel in their accustomed places others. in the crrit nran - - accomoaniment wi . MrsLPotter Palmer has been at Salt Lake Tabernacle at home. Mackinac Island' since the adjournment of the Lady Board , of Managers. The report EDITORIAL NOTES. that she had gone to Washington, D. C, Needle-work Guild is not true. The Ladies of the . our' lives." President Woodruff responded, thanking the people for their warm welcome and invoked the blessing of heaven upon them. He then introduced President Cannon, who in the same strain and said the welcome wre had received while it was unexpected, was all the more deeply appreciated. He closed by blessing them in the name of the Lord and the choir sang the anthem and Truth," and in. "tight answer to an enthusiastic recall sang the K. C. Temple anthem "Hosannah:" '' Easton, by request, sang "0 My Father. One can easily understand how affecting these services would be to those acquainted with the history of the past. , - Arriving in Chicago there was little if any difficulty in getting settled, everything having been carefully arranged beforehand The concerts in Cfiicago were .well at- - j the tended and the choir smeintr. j.11 ... o - ' as "ctu" ios given on" at; resuvai AAi and at the Utah BuildinL seem from all re. ports to have been very fine and warmly applauded as well as redtlv appreciated "Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast, the poet says, and it may briefly followed j rr-Tt- i that-they-sho- r- their names and in their behalf the right hand of fellowship and a hearty welcome -- 4 crowd, moved across the street to the Josephite Church which was soon packed with people. The Mayor of the city gave the following address of welcome, . "To you American freemeii, visitors from the Far West, from a laud of. fruits, of flowers, of milk and honey, I am here as a representative of the citizens of Independence, Mo., a broad, open people, free from God-feabigotry, generous, law-abidin- g, . , being a Welshman may have had something to do with the success and influence, but we had much rather believe t was the excellence of the work, wrought through him in a great measure, and the tone and superior quality and power of the voices of the native sons and daughters of these sacred mountain vales, girded by the everlasting hills, scenery calculated to inspire the poet and the singer. Though it was only the , second prize that was awarded to the Salt Lake Choir. mere were many good judges of music who jbelieved it should have been the first, but as the choir that took the first prize reunited with the professional singers from Wales, it is not strange have been awarded the first prize; it. does not seem to nave oeen a iair proceeding, out the judges appointed declared it permissible, so that no complaint would have been However the people listened to if made. of Salt Lake may feel a laudable pride in the .victory won by the Tabernacle choir, and due honor will be given them in the welcome home and reception tendered to them. The sad news of the serious illness, of essieeaiieMlisojrsbabe causing them . The Hedrickite house of worship stands there but as it was not large enough to accommodate all, a platform, had been arranged outside and the First Presidency i ; . s waiting, to welcome them. r irr y people were rltiti : sessions. t people especially as regards ignorance and Jack of cultivation, tor music denotes the burliest a people, and the swigs they siug are al was indicative, ofJue character, tone and standing of a' nation or a nennlf Ti, lJl L laiiexnaciechoir to the World's air will without doubt dispel erroneous views . and notions andmany be advantagous in many ways. .The competition of the four choirs at the 1'air for the largest prize ever offered at a national festival of this kind, will advertise the singers more' than all else, and place them in rank before the public; hereafter it can scarcely be said as it has been in standard magazines recently, there k nn' jnusic7 west of Cincinnati 1 he choir - seems to have made friends and produced i favorable impression every- where, and the results must certainly be beneficial in many ways. The choir leader sent notices to all thecharitable institutions and Associations which they know of not forgetiug the Deseret 1 lospital, from which notice they have not yet received a reply as Physician, Dr. R. B.vPratt was absent at the Worlds Fair, but has now returned and will undoubtedly answer the Secretary's circular letter - . V V LUUV-s- 7 L. 1- s -- - - 