The Rights of the Women oj Vol. 21. Zion, and the Rights -- of ike Wo men SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH, APRIL i, CONTENTS:. " Family Relations ir.S.7;W.7 Richards a In Rural England A StQry. .Woman Suffrage-- at the World's Fair Rachel Foster Avery, English Women Rachel Foster Avery, The Spirit of Success E. H. ..Lyon. Personal Reminiscences W. Hyde. S. L. -- Gatha. U. W. P. Club-E- lla Co. W. S. A. Ella W. Hyde. Queen Elizabeth, Notes and News. In Memoriam F. S. Dell. y. A Tribute of Respect. Obituaries. ... -- of all Nations. No. 19. 1S93. in his careas he slialllove and honor Christ Tihty of all human acts, and by which they in whose care he is. Indeed a man must riot become entitled to -- rewards or punishments. only be a Christian, but should have priest-hoo- d It is written, there are existing three inthe right to preside over the dependent principles, the spirit of God; the of others, before entering upon thedestiny duties spirit of man,; and that of the TWl hn which he would owe to wife and family. . in his independent relation to the others has tne ngnt to choose --which he will serve- -to which he will yield submission. By the viic ixc i3 muuencea 10 me good- - and right, by the other he is enticed-t- o the evil-an- d the wrong. Upon the choice he either happiness or misery ensues. The consequences or that choice ; cannot be avoided. Man, the lesser by submitting to God me greater has claim upon His support, , The family relation is in all respects an or- dinance of Heaven, and can only be honored by carefully observing the order and laws of its creation rmd appointments. i Only by the inspiration of God's love Editorial: The Silk Industry. Editorial can any man fully appreciate what he owes Notes. The Utah Room Camelia.X to a virtuous and devoted wife. "She is Poetry: The Rain Drop D. C. Johnson. more precious than rubies." But what of Katie E. Merrill's Grave Alofa. the wife! This question of choice may be a delicate one to a sensitive young- lady; as most of them are; but as it has to be made THERAIN DROP. protection and that genial commnionshin sooner or later, the question arises, by what that contributes to his happiness, and makes rules should she be governed in making it? I sat at window Musing one day, my him a sharer ot all the "good that can be The nature of the covenant entered' into a the t as it Gazing rain, pattered a way bestowed by the strong: upon . the weak. determines this. It is an eternal covenant In pearly drops 'gainst, my window pane, Like considerations apply in the relation of made in view of securing eternal blessings, Of whither it goes and from whence it came. the sexes. everlasting honor.- - glory and dominion! In either case the -- consequences e These canuot he obtained through any, un- -' I.'spied a drop, like a glistening pearl, " " choice made effects both the present and the That fell from its mates in their giddy whirl; uuiy uuiance or association. it is .wntterr, for into its final "be ye not unequally yoked together with iuture, And I said, "pretty one, why do you roam? reaching Eternity adjustment and realization. unbelievers.' ' ''' 'V:'7' Whence come ye and where is your home ?" This right, of choice is of comparatively For a young lady to give herself to any The drop thus replied, with faltering tone;. like importance in establishing family re- one who could not secure to her the object -I'm a waif, wandering from zone to zone; lations, as in the higher relation: and simi of that union, would certainly be a very To moisten dry earth and freshen its green, lar rules may be observed, to secure like great xnistake "" ' I gladden and nourish air things terrene. advantages, whether oi a temporary or per able calamity. "AVhile she is one with she 4 ':,d"ii-.-cannot rise above the condition of excellence .petual nature. I came from the north where the storm kings First the woman being the lesser has the. in the one to whose destiny she "iSalliedrP? The woman may be all that was designed nght ot choice as to who shall be her proWhere Waden and Thor, with mythical train, tector and to whom she will give her she should be, an help-mefor the man; Do traverse in pomp with their antlered steeds, ' This . right and exercise of but the unappreciative man niay hot be allegiance. O er ice hills and snow as the hurricane speeds. choice is what creates the obligation she is willing to receive help - from her and by under to the person chosen who may accept her, all along the pathway to the exalOne day glittering on a glacier bright, the union desired. Of, this right, above all tations and the lives that are glorified With gleesome heart and spirits light, others, she should not be deprived. By per but however willing he may be, his ability I v was caught, borne aloft by a thunder cloud, suasion she may be restrained from exercis- - to do for her can only extend so ' far as he That' Veloped me round in its sable shroud. -jhas knowledge 'Of the divine purpose, ad-mg it to her mj ury .trn . The union consummated, rights in vol vine 4uucu uy uiviue 'Twas there I met with the numerous train, 10 ;ODiail luspiruuon. are duties secured and the this he live must laws the of Godr'must man, obliga by Like myself, gather'd where the Thunderers br woman. tions be the are a be saint to to the blessings of entitled ' accepted by reign, :J;":'. ': r .The important question now is, what are Abraham m the family of the faithful. Afar we were driven o'er sea and lands, these rights, duties and obligations? A It is most essential then, that on the Hastening o'er the wilds and trackless sands. her choice be wisely summary answer may be found in Scripture part of the woman, . I have watered the plants on Arabia's plain, : 1. . J it. f "As Christ is the head of the maue; mat sue oe aDieio aiscover language. ' elements, Have nurtured the roots of the golden grain, attributes and desires, in the one to' whom Church, so is man the head of the Replenished the brook and sparkliug ;rills,she gives herself and love, able and :willihg That flow through the vales, from a thousand Christ has promised that all those who to secure to her and her increase,:all that hills. ,"v; . will live in unison with ' him and labor to God has promised to bestow upon those build up his kingdom, shall be made equal who love xiim. I have mingled with floods, been raised again, relation growing but of the with him, as he claims the right to be This Descended full oft' in the cheery rainf wTith his .Father by laboring to union of the sexes is of God. for 'and to His Helped aloft once more by the sun's warm light, equal build, up his Father's Kingdom. The wife glory, and only by Then softly falling in the dews ol night. has "a right to claim likeconsideratioir from of HiS spirit and authority n itsantidputed :r ' vx. results be realized. Lastly came I to your valley so free, her husband. , Would to God that more of the young' Caught and fell by a leaf on the tree, As the spirit of Christ, a spirit of love Prcm thence, dashed 'gainst your window-panand kindness, is given to and is exercised men 111 Zion were worthy of that j faif When the bright sun shines I'll be off again. toward those who are one 'with him; so the maiden love waiting to be theirs ih; the ": oimp covenants' - wife has the riehtxto "demand and receive new and everlasting D. C. Johnson. 7 0 g consideration home In the thus sanctified bv the like generous and of a head. All from her chosen bride, pure and lovely in her the; promises presence of as the Bride the Lamb.'s wife must-bChrist has made to his followers, peace. sphere, FAMILY RELATIONS. to her coming Bridegroom: Motherhood II. joy and spiritual development, the husband should use his best endeavors to secure to a is acquired; and by her. the increase in that be home-- : in" lives' "of iuhoiicef purity and devoted-- - wife. The husbands-mu- st i,:w.,.EicirARDS,3 . rivhtenns,- hi ;t and, jiierdMiniilLhisrl chlCe and to to entitle him to the confidence "under that mother's guidance, :virtues'JofL vhbm'thenght belongs.:" y "quirements, and love of his house hold". He is only en- faith, hope and charity; the same eternal The.right to choose implies a agency, and independence; and upon the titled to the love and regard of those who are principles that find an abiding home" in t . -" J ' ' - ' - ,. - A . of-th- . : ' -- . . i . , et ; : 1 -- -t ; ' ; , - A. - -- ' 1 1 1 - J " , -- :V , v pxhlMn ' - - ' e 1 4 . ever-lovin- e . - , " free-wil- l; ... - -- 4- - 