40 . ; for the Spirit of Goi to be with us that we may be fed with the, bread of life. Was jiuch pleased to see so many present. Sjster Sophia Holt gave a brief report of Manassa ward, said but a small age of those enrolled attended, but those who did come enjoyed their meetings and the Spirit of God was with them. Sister Cary Jensen gave a favorable report of Richfield Ward, showing their desire to $.0 all the good they could. Sister Sena Heiselt spoke encouragingly to the sisters and bore her testimony to the J '' truth ofJhe Gospel. Sister Margaret Haskell, Stake President of the Primary Association, made some very interesting remarks concerning the necessity of having our children taught the way to life and salvation, and theduties of mothers in this respect. Bishop John Dalton of Manassa said "In uic uieuireu-an- a j sisters in inceuugwuu .this conference today I am reminded" of the stone referred to by Daniel the Prophet, that should be cut out without hands and roll over the whole earth; it surely is being EXPONENT WOMAN'S Sister V. Helm spoke1 a short time nud e bore her testimony to the truth . 'of-th- . Gospel. to the children, upon improvement prayef, 'truthfulness and made some other excellent remarks". r Counselor Magdaline Funk expressed her joy, at being present on this occasion children and for the sweet spirit that was and partaking of the good spirit here present KsjKke orv improvement, faith, and with us today. Spoke at length upon the gave words of encouragment both to officers and children. ",v great responsibilities renting upon mothers said "I .am well nlen Bishop Phillips in raising their families in righteousness and the duties of children to" their parents, with the children of the Primary, know a mother feels when her urged every sister to have her name enrolled the pleasure a part in the program like in the Relief Society, and let. nothing but children take sickness prevent her from being at meet-ing- .these., children have today do not want s. , - ' Stake President C. Mortensen represented-th- whelil see what I have this morning" and Relief Society of Sanford in the absence gave some fatherly counsel to old and of the president and gave a very favorable youngi meeting adjourned 'till two p.. m. : She showed the Singrrig"In the chambers of the Mountains" report of the . sisters. Benediction by Master Johnnie necessity of being very humble and said &c. we should have d prayer in our, hearts Sharp. Two p. convened; singing, continually so we may be able to teacliour ill no a kindly word," prayer children to go forward in life. Whatever "Nay speak T. by influence is given the 'mother by the hus Bishop Phillips, singing an Anthem band is given the children by the mother.- composed by Brother C. Denney, recitation Laying up wheat is a duty that should be by the little boys entitled, "The little complied with as it has' always been urged Tourist," first chapter of Psalms repeated by Minnie Burgon, recitation by Ruth and by the leading sistersof the Relief Society". done." .Counselor Jane Crowther spoke of the , Counselor George W. Irvin of Sanford Naomi Denney, entitled "What two little song by Rachel and Helen great blessings the' Relief Society is to made a few encouraging remarks to .the twins can do," Smart "The Picnic Party," the Books of the the poor and sick, said it is one of the sisters of the Relief. Society. Bible, were repeated. Conference was adjourned for six months. greatest works in our midst. Many good and choice remarks were Sister Emily Dunn gave a very good reSinging "Now let us rejoice" etc. Benedicmade by Sisters' Brady, Burgon, Ball, tion by Brother T. A. Crowther.' port of East Dale Branch. Smart, also Brothers Jones and Anderson Mary F. Crowther. Sec. Statistical and Financial Report, of the " testified to the pleasure they had felt in the. Stake was read by the Secretary. "reorganization. days exercises. The same officers were Sister Martha E. Smith spoke a strort theto of Sister Owing resignation voted in and sustained for the coming year. time showing of prayer. Martha E. Smith which occurred at our Meeting adjourned for one year. BenedicSister Jane Hostetter expressed her joy conference March our Stake officers tion last by Master Franklin Denney. at being gathered with the Saints and refer-e- d have. been as follows,' reorganized to the great contrast between the darkM. A. Smart, Prest. , Cornelia Mortensen was set apart Sister : ness that prevailed in the World and the M. A. Ball, as president with Sister Magdaline Funk Emma Burgon, Counselors. light of the Gospel. as first and Sister Jane Crowther as second Sister Stover dwelt at length upon the counselor '.. Rachel Smart, Sec. F. Crowther as and Mary nf nnrentQ ;pttincr wnrfliv nfrpi;itv J' Annie Anderson, Ass't Sec. J ui secretary. R. Smart, Treasurer. aniples before their children, and gaining the season Slimmer we have During in confidence order to have ananfluence visited their the different branches and found all them. over in a flourishing condition and enjoyed our visit very much. M. ;F. C. ' SLAVERY. flowers. ' ' Benediction by Brother Christen , - :t--4.- m.-meet- ing 1 t- - . - the-necessit- y ' . - --- -' 11 Jensen. . God the spring of all my Ever UNION PRIMARY. Alternoon Meeting. Singing "My Canaan a joys" etc. Prayer by Brother Levi P. Helm. Singing Be- noiaine mountain 01 me juora etc. Sac'. rament was administered. r 1 "r it rresiaeni uoeri k. smiui said a.. good spirit was in our midst, the ; Relief Scciety is a great work in this church.,' ' The Lord has given his spirit to every soul that has been born, and being inspired by him many have been led to do good to their fellowmen. This is the case wi$Ji the sisters, they go about ministering comfort and help to the poor, sick and downcast. It is the duty of husbands to sustain them with means to do this and I think they do. The sisters have many callings and much to learn, to know how to raise their children "in the ways of :" The Primary Association held its Annual Meeting Sep 1 3th , -- i S93. Sisters Ellen C. Clawson and Camilla Cobb of the Stake Presidency, also Bishop Phillips and a number .of the local officers of the Ward, as well as parents of the children were present. The program consisted as follows, Meeting opened by singing "How sweet how heavenly is. the sight, " &c. Prayer by Master Heber Burgon, singing "Little children love the Savior," the manuscript paper was read by the Editor Miss Phebe Greenwood entitled "Zion's Hope." Minutes of the last Annual Meeting read and received also the report both God." being unanimously received, Jessie song by Sister M. A. R. White gave a good and and Emily Smith ."entitled the Dewey encouraging report of the Primary Associa- ."Unknown Grave," recitation by Alcy tion of Sanford. She expressed her joy for 'The Babes in the Wocds. " Essay Brady, the faithfulness of the sisters in visiting the by Annie Anderson on "Obedience." An primary meetings. Organ solo by Annie JensonT'recitation by Sister Hannah' Christensen gave a good Marion S. Brady, the Articles of IJaith report of the Primary Association of were repeated by the Association, Anthem Manassa and spoke of the necessity of being "Jerusalem my glorious home, ' was very dictated by the Spirit of God in performing finely sung by Misses Zina Ball our duties in this church. The Church and Walker alto, Lula Fern tenor treble, Annie Stake officers of the Relief Society were Everet Griffiiths bass;, the four and Master parts being presented by the Secretary and unanimously very nicely blended together. sustained. $ister E. C. Clawson spoke encouragingly . - - A a a T ; . her-Xounse- loF : - . , , '. : ..since the edict, "Cursed be sreant Dfrfr Lhis.brethren" went forth from the lips of the ratrmrrh tn mis prrincr enn 5lavprv has existed in some form and the earth has ' j groaned uitder the curse of it. The" Israelites made bond men and bond 0omen of the sons and daughters of Canaan, and it almost seemed like retribution, that they ; suffered nearly four hundred years the horrors of such servitude, their taskmasters being the descendants of Ham the father of Canaan. Slavery in our own loved country began almost simultaneously with its discovery. The brightness of the glory attached to the name of the oreat Columbus is dimmed by the fact, that he sent five hundred of the innocent and trusting natives of the Islands His to Spain and ;old them as slaves. brother Bartholomew sent three hundred. All of the early Spanish explorers were guilty of the same awful crime. Likewise were the French and English. Even on the shores of New England Thomas Hunt an officer under Captain John Smith kidsold them into napped several Indians and ' perpetual slavery. In nearly all of the Colonies the Indians were held as slaves for many years after their first, settlement. Negro slavery commenced in the Colonies in 1 6 1 9 when a Dutch Man of War sailed up the James River in the month of August 