. - 'A. hi t -- 4 I J - ' TA? Rights of the Womc.n of Ztont and the Rights of ike Women of' all Nations. Vol. 21. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE 15, 1893. No. 24, " CONTENTS: purposes, and the noise of passing trains journeying. They took with them, as they on one side, the trampling of feet or speak-in- g started on the 14th of June toward Salt in adjoining rooms only by Lake, a year and a half s grain, also seed thin board partitions, separated added to faulty' grain. There were five hundred comacoustic properties makes it impossible for panies, one hundred wagons in each commore than half the audience to hear dis1 ; . pany, and cattle, etc. tinctly. and Columbus Washington Hall "rThey passed 'along meeting with unEditorial: Noted Women at the Congress. are the largest and to seat supposed 3500 friendly Indians, when women and children Editorial Notes.' peopleand give standing room to five hun- had to help in their own defense,: had Poetry: Spirit Revealings L. M. Hewlings. dred more. It is usually filled, as are also their cooking utensils stolen as they travelall the others, from thirteen to twenty-fiv- e To My Sister Alofa. Eden Ruth M. Fox. ed along the Platte river and through the Congresses being held at the same time. Black hills; until at last they , arrivedat Yesterday we went fronrone - to another the Promised Land of Salt Lake valley, SPIRIT REVEALINGS. of the Congresses, listening . to Helen the 6th : df October, 1847. day Gardener in one room, Fannie Harley in Here upon a barren waste they pitched An. unspoken' voice 'breathed o'er me, another so and on. Finally we drifted into their tents and began house : building; ."In the stillness of the night, the an' authors'" meeting The most favorable winter ever known foL where Congress As I watched in my lone chamber, was being held. There I met a number of lowed, and TFor tbe dawning of the light, they were able to plant in them friends, Mrs. Leila P. of among Roby I arose with earnest purpose, February. . They were 1000 miles east and who writes under Chicago, nom de the miles west of any supplies.' But other 700 Trimmed the lamp anew, of "Miles plume Standish," and whose troubles came unon them." fn initio tin A All the while with soul communing seems to be to make other want, snakes crawled out of the lite mission in Of .the work that it must do. ground and people happy; and dear little Mrs. Lincoln mice by thousands and ate their clothing.? of Washington, (Bessie Beach.) Mrs. Roby Fortunately one Not a sound of breezes stirring, lady had a cat and that Nor the fall of footsteps near, invited us to luncheon with her and the aided them to wget rid of the mice. Busts ' ca fv.z Yet there seemed an unseen muiga oiuay lud invited us to a 0 covered them coming out of the timber presence, o ciock ainner, served m the Art Building; from which their liouses were To sustain and banish fear, built, which There-wameretore much ot the day -was spent social- - it. took vears to subdue. . The-- v. h.nd hush of holy quiet," ,Y . . . . . . .. The .world s r air Etta L, Gilchrist. Wo" man's Relief Society. Utah Women in Chicago. Tell of their Western Life. In Rural England A Story. U . V. P. Club Gladys Woodmansee. R. S..Reports. Notes and News. In Memoriam. , . ' . TT -- . ; ( 0: mid-nig- ht I ! ; . 1 1 .. . s 1. And a silence so profound, ,It enwrapped me like a garment, ' In its massive folds around. .QHAP-PS-ihaUriedJieartand.brain,. Into thin air quickly vanished, Leaving me no ache or pain, I saw afar thro' the distance," hope's cheering rainbow kissed, Things that before had been hidden, O'er clouded by doubts and mist : Traced the divine in the human, O'er temptation's rough sea, Heard the sweet voice of the Risen, "Weary one, come unto' me!" I searched thro' a volume ancient; Searched as for hidden gold, : The wonders of its revealing, : . : - mortals can ne'er be told. Throughout the universe spread, Embracing the whole forever, ; Restoring to. life the'dead, : It flooded with" peace the spirit, Encased in its prison cell, the final triumph i i Of good, over death and hell. ; ; , . :;. -- . ed : ; U'r . : L M. Hewlings, THE WORLD'S FAIRlVT;;: HEr INTERESTING XEXTER U 1 5 - . maNcmoutalMsra iiaUfUU Egress are very LUiiU lUCdUIUl ; " AAA .vi . WAV - X o-t--A 4 L I I t rrsrj ft i 1 I I . . , tim I L. MM II 1 I Thev had no urease to mp'smn tn wti ineir ..ciominsriio-inui- s toirnnd their rain into .Hour. When the nxn in. wns ripirlt-- ' readyior-Iiarvesswarmsof crickets came it. women and children turned upon Men, out to exterminate them but- fortunately, myriads of gulls a'.came in flocks and de- . ..' r '. vuureu it.' me cncKeis Deiore tne errain was destroyed. Then they had a grand j ubilee, a harvest home. Herjmsband gave fifty cents lor lour potatoes the size of hickory nuts. Rations had to be weighed out to was one dollar a pound. every one. To hear Mrs. Home otipw rnuld huf s v v vv UiU rmt UU v think of the Bible story of the" Hebrews and their deliverance from the Egyptians. lhe Mormons are apparently a most re ligious people and strict in religious ob servances, and what is, more their faith in their religion is marvelous. Zina Young Card, daughter of Brieham. a very bright and comely woman spoke of the children of Utah and told how they are taught lessons of patriotism and puritv. Nellie Little told of their amusements and referred to the time when they were having a celebration, singing patriotic songs and listening to the rend.no- nf tlif Holrit-otir- t tr - 3 . 1 m ? - U. S. troops were on the way; to quell an The dance is their universal amusement and the theatre. They always insurrection. invoke the blessings of Deity at the begin ning and end of all entertainments. Brign ham was a great patron of the theatre, his . IIU1UV. U WA V. JHUUUUJtiU J L IUV. Uiailld.- - i ' , irs. limmeiine, ii. wells, a : sweet laced she told me siory oi tucn uwia auu. tions, as through the ice, snow and rain mother in Zion, spoke of the authors and iournev across Iowa, journalists in Utah, and the grain saving by I '' J j J uiuuw tiifir wprv -- i,r . 1,1AS tajdnglMmteend. accomplish. XTUlUv VAA VAAW They-foun- d n,... 01 three years ago, acted as chairman and-itroduced the speakers Mesdames Sarah M. Kimball, and Jane S. Richards, wives of Mormons high in the church, and Madame Isabella Hbrne, one of the mothers in Zion. She was one of those who were driven from nrotinn14 Untin triir Lll , FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. ' ". - n- And the world's wide paths sin stfowri," The true signal lights were gleaming, To guide earth's wanderers home. W rm -- jJBjresidjm Farverthewr ' As a consequence, your correspondent iicx lu give a muc unci umucruiiK. ana Jbund herself on- - the -- program to address the " Congress of the American Protective -Sorietyof "Authors m thenevenmVith no opportunity for preparation you can imagine the address was not exhaustive, but it sumced, and sue ought to teel, l sup pose, that she has had the greatest honor of her life. Mrs. E. D. E. N. Southwrorth was to have been present, also Grace Greenwood but both were too ill to come. Emilv Haw thorne, Kate Brownlee Sherwood and many others were present and some of the address- es wrere very fine, but we took no notes, as the experience of being: before the bat tery of so many opera glasses is not quiet ing to a novice. This moraine we attended one of the most interesting of the Congresses thus far, to me. that of the Utah wromen. in the National Woman's Relief Society Congress Among the speakers were Madame Zina D. H. Young wife of Brigham Young, or one of the wives, who as President of the society, made the opening remarks, although trtv fnVnd Mw Kmmeline B. Wells widow ; Love boundless and without measure, Pre-vision- - - By By .' , Multiplied cares that had harassed, ..7 -- i lyr . unfitted for such w. J ' the Omaha Indians friendly what it womeii?hetHfleTaaiovn was to be hungry, to heartheirchildren rcrvr the grain must not rbididT'eyTelt goout tergtojnJhe InisEels stored now and. will have more ot-th- e' huts and make preparations for their farther Women and children sometimes glean'in ' 