WOMAN'S; KXrONENT. 36 I Woman's Exponent! EMMELLXE D. 'WE LIS, Editor. - ANNIE WELLS CANNON (Camrti), . Editorial Contributor. Published in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No redaction made t r clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra fo? postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rate? Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. semi-monthl- y, t office, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution BuildMain Street, ing, opposite Z. C. M, I... Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, ercept Sunday. ' Address all business communications to Exponent "PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post econd caft matter i Salt Lake City, Office in - Salt Lake City, Utah, as September 15, 1893. THE SAVING OF GRAIN. settled privations endured by those who these mountainvales. Indeed it might 1' well occasionally to speak of those other times, "those days of adversity and trial rethrough which the people .passed in claiming this desert land and making homes in which to dwell! THe Lord has wonderand fully blest the'pabors o their hands, the children as well as the parents, the be pioneers of the country' have reason lo. grateful to, diir FatherTin heaven, 'whose bounties they continually and so freely. , . partake. KEP&INTKDFkOM EXPONENT OCT. 1 5, 1S76. should be seriously considered, and the counsel given by President Brigham Young in 1876 practically carried out by the women of 'this Territory, and especially should the cash now on hand to buy wheat bejised for that purpose5 while grain is so cheap. In the reports sent to the last Quarterly, Conference from the branches of the Relief Society in this Stake we noticed particularly the item wheat cash or cash to buy wheat and it made quite a considerable sum. Let this be put into wheat and if next year there is an abundant harvest no harm is done, and the wheat stored can be changed for new wheat if considered wise , and an allowance made for shrinkage. But if the crickets and grasshoppers should destroy the crop next year as now seems probable in many parts of the country, it would be a source of satisfaction to have wheat in the bins instead of cash in the coffers. What will applv to the sisters in this county will apply with equal force ; and weight in other counties, and those who preside should see to it that the money given expressly for grain should be used while there is wheat to purchase, and not let the opportunity be lost. Women who have known the Danes of hunger, and whose children have cried for bread when there was none to give them; must realize ' what an important matter this is, and should urge upon those who are careless . and indifferent to make hay "while the sun ' shines' and not be too sure that there will always be a bountiful harvest in time to come. The older sisters will remember the editorial approved and added to Young in October 1876, but for the benefit of those who- never read it, and as a forcible reminder to all, we republish his counsel given to the sisters at that time, in the hope that; it wdl awaken-thoswho to have means; buy up and save the wheat is sold out of the Territory, that that being there may be an ample supply of bread on hand for all, should the harvest be less abundant another year. Sisters be warned in time and remember there is no famine like the want of bread. We who lived here in the early days know. 'when gold or silver would not purchase flour, and when a loaf of bread was far more desirable than i a handful of gold dust. There are many :tale&of jmffering . farhread that might be told effectively, to some of the young people born here and raised in comparative luxury, by-Preside- - . e ' Young's counsel in this . Where there is a .will there is.(afmost invariably) a way, and in this matter there should be a. persoual.and individual as well as a general interest. In order to satismat-"ter- factorily accomplish any scheme one great v' J - 1 - - - -- ai I1c?h- - ness depends much of the success of what, ever enterprise is undertaken.. If you de termiue to do anything of whatever name or nature, first be sure it is the proper thing to do, and thei without losing time, bring your energies into immediate requisition and you are almost sure to succeeds, .The women of this Territory are capable of carrying out President Young's counsel in- this matter; and if they, do not they will be left without excuse; he has called upon the brethren until he has become wearied and now he appeals to ,the sisters Is not this a proof of his "confidence in their desire to listen to counsel? The sisters will have ample opportunity now to prove their ability in financiering; and it is greatly to be hoped that they will manifest such earnestness in this matter as cannot fail to accomplish the desired object. President Young further advises the sisters, that theyenter into such arrangements, as are applicable to their circumstances in their various districts and s for the storing to build of their .grain in the sections of country as they shall divide off, or apportion to certain localities; also that they solicit donations from their husbands and the brethren, to assist them in carrying out this, enteqirise, .both tor the building of the and also in obtaining grain to fill them and preserve it for future need. We sincerely hope that what has been said will be sufficient to arouse a ;spirit of - of President Prigluihi Young we would call the 'attention of the women of this 'Territory to the subject of saving grain.( It is one lmporiaiu uem which President Young has labored diligently to impress upon this people ever since their residence in- these valleys. His advice has ever been to the brethren to cultivate the soil and let the mines, and mining of speculations alone, for the grain-wamore consequence than gold or silver. And these, people are witnesses to that fact; practically having experienced the scarcity of provisions and especially of breadstuffs, in the'earlier settlement of this country- The Lord has" blessed this people abundantly in the few years past in their fields and in their stores of grain and provisions; and as in almost every other case when there is a profusion of blessings, the people who receive them become indifferent and do not appreciate them as they ought. The people have been careless in regard to taking care of their grain and many other things. In many instances they neglect to pay their tithing, and dispose of their products in such a manner as, were it to of Utah, to devise and to' put in practice, continue, the Lord would be sorely such measures as shall be economical and ed with them. This year grain is unwise, anu. ior iue. general gooa 01 an usually low, yet the grasshoppers have been visiting different parts of the Territory, and, it is feared by, many, have laid their SALT LAKE TABERNACLE CHOIR. eggs;; therefore it is more than ever essential that such measures be taken as will secure the grain now in market. The The Salt Lake choir under the managei organizaRelief Societies and ment of its able director Professor Evan tions inwhichmeofhe Avouien ofjthisT Stephnshasfor some jearsrpasflbeen quite, .- V. Territory are interested, have funds at their wiueiy aamireaitTTv ior me sweet music disposal from time to time, which can be rendered) not only by Utah people, but made available; to carry out President J strangers and tourists who have visited the Young's wishes in regard to buying and City. It was thought by! many musical taking care of the grain. people when the Columbian Exposition was It is no doubt the best investment of first inaugurated that the Salt Lake choir means that could possibly', be made, for if should go, and when competitive prizes the prophecies of the Scriptures, both were offered, many people interested in: ancient and modern, and of Joseph Smith Utah's progress were anxious the choir are to be fulfilled, which the Latter-dashould, be given tfiis errand opportunity, to aamis proiessto believe, tnere will be a desoho w the advancement of vocal music in famine in the land; and if the wolating this comparatively new Western country. men of this. Territory will be wise, and The recent financial embarrassments Hearken to the counsel given to them now. were somewhat discouraging, and it looked there is no doubt that the result will be an at one time rather improbable that so large eminent success. If the means now on a company could find means-t- o meet the hand 111 the societies and women's associa But finally through expense of tions can be turned into" grain, and such perseverance going. and the good management of measures taken to store it and preserve it the Committee the visit of two hundred and trom damp and all other things that would fifty of this choir was successfully arlarge damage, or destroy it, as can be made ranged and the singers with many friends circumstances practicableccordirrgno and left Salt Lake on the 29th; of August amid then one be Will advantages, point gained the cheers of an immense, towards the temporal salvation of this crowd at and, exultation the depot. ,1 people in case of emergency., , Tn flip samp f iime flip new and In whatever women undertake they are beautiful Pullman car, Pickwick, fitted, up generally earnest, and our advice would be with modern convenience which had every immediately without any delay (except such on board the First Presidency of the Church, as is unavoidable) to commence to carry Presidents Wilford Woodruff, George Q- At the 'suggestion -- - The grain question at the present time ojU President s settle-ment- store-house- store-hous- dis-ple- Co-o,perat- es a iv .1 y . t-- o 1 t-- i - s, 