WOMAN'S EXPONENT4! 29 pure in sentiment and she is a great Susa favorite in her articlfs for children. is the most Y. Gates prolific writer perhaps 'Cornelia A. Paddock is a verv able7 ADDRESS OF RESIDENT GEORGE. ' aunipiisnea writer and Q. CANNON. well known in the East 'as efficientvery in the--' 'journalists in Utah', among dealing with charity and social purity subAt The Lawn Fete August 14. a of subjects besides jects, and is the author of several .including great variety books. , The emancipation of woman has been Ma-iher own magazine work, stories long and now cf Utah Tant formerly almost invariably marked by the advance in oi Michigan has been in short, political,, religious and household and civilization. Politically and newspaper professionally matters. Among the younger writers born journalistic work for a number of ' years,and is the sex still of some who here educated are deprived rights and ..aud doing good polishes accurately her well rounded work ana give promise of greater excellence sentences. Jennie D. Froiseth had attained privileges possessed by man, but, there is no one now who holds thatthere jsin her either is Annie Wells 'Cannon to some distinction as a writer in the fl the future, East, moral or even intellectual inferiority. So (Camelia) editorial contributor to this paper and after coming to Utah edited a woman's far as the law has had to do" with the hn arid who has written Occasionally ever since paper lor two or three years the y provement in the condition- of she was very young, and has; successfully. Standard, she vhas had "great ad- - like civilization itself, has been women, it," gradual in ''"maSaged the editorial work in our absence vantages and a superior education, deals its operation. But this tendency has been Mrs. Cannon's letters much with political subjects, is a writer - of a great many times. Women's uniformly in"one direction". from Germany and Switzerland in 1883 and fiction awl. has published several books. disabilities have one after another been re. There are 84 were charming in style and realistic in others too numerous many to moved until at the present time in most '' Another of- the younger mention here, but we must not fail to t description. bring civilized countries the legal position of wojournalists who is fast making herself wide-- . into this galaxy one or two more. "Dr. man differs but little from that of man, so Romania B. Pratt,, writes not only scientific far as ly and very favorably known, also Utah regards personal and property rights. born and educated, is Josephine Spencer, articles, "but is also an. efficient and c From a very, early time the dependent she writes upon a variety of subjects, many writer upon, all practical "subjects, position of women is a matter of history. of them descriptive An which she certainly and possesses excellence of taste in style, Sacred and profane records point out to us excels. She also takes up national themes, and correctness "of diction: ' that she had but few of th rights to and is very good at stories long and short, Dr. ' M. Hughes Cacnon B. S., one of wrhich the other very sex was considered enhas secured several prizes in this line; has Utah's young women, is a gifted writer, titled. In the Mosaic law even, divorce ' been a bright and entertaining correspondnot only on subjects pertaining to her proWas a privilege of the husband only; and ent for ourlocal papers at the World's Fair. fession, but is happy in description of places daughters inherited only in the absence of Lillie T. Freeze also Utah born and people, and brilliant in dealing with sons. In far eastern- countries the subwrites in something of the tender, pathetic lofty themes. jection of women to their husbands is and toin tone Eee Ellen and style, religious Jakem?n, who has worked at has been always a cardinal principle. Inreaching out wards the sublime, she seldom deals with editing, publishing, and writ? heritance of property was traced through common place subjects. Dr. Ellis R. Shipp ing on all subjects for country papers, is a males to the exclusion of the' females, and it who came here when a child is a poetical correspondent for papers and magazines in is an fact that this, probably as interesting for Salt and idealistic Lake Eastern has written in and sympathetic prose writer, City, much as any other influence, led to the and Western as T)f the we and in A delineation. style, well, style papers' happy suttee, or burning of the widow upon the . can is she and able student a, very strong only say funeral pile of her husband, so that her thorough literary yet devoted on almost writer and to her profession Julia P. M.' any subject, might life estate in the property might be promptj practically often be mistaken for a man in the character ly extinguished. Farnsworth born in Utah, has done conThe dependence of wo. siderable newspaper work .in Beaver, of her work. men under the Roman lawr was equally7 Mattie H. Tingey, (Gladys Woodmansee, complete; if married, her person and previous to coming to Salt Eake City where Alice E. Home, .EizzieH. Shipp, Emma property passed absolutely into .the hands she now resides. She deals with political subjects particularly well, is thoroughly Ellerbeck, Emily Clowes, Isabel Sears, of her husband; if unmarried, she was unLucy A. Clark, Sophy Valentine, Aretta der the perpetual tutelage of her father and patriotic in sentiment and emphatic in style, also motherly in her nature, and writes Young, Vina H. Tingey, Minnie J. Snow, her 'kinsmen. No civil or public office could she exercise. She could not even happily on all home themes. Mary A. Mary A. Farnsworth, Zine S. Whitney, women Freeze is a very good descriptive writer and continue a family, for the well known Rorepresent a large number of young near in is the man phrase declared that she was the expected interesting on many other subjects, especial- - from whom much -7 . end .of It is beginning: lofty and religious. JulLa A. fcDonald future, (though someliemjvrite poetry) suband with true she had certain privileges, but these practical general Utahborn and rfelTrednias much native "who dear Work in outlook The among were given more from pity tor ner bodily literary talent, "and "is a versatile and uncommonly" jeets: weakness and presumed mental incapacity genial w;riter, is one of the young women women is encouraging and in the rapid and increase of business and popthan for any worthier reason. Paul's from whom miich is expected in the future. growth Flora L. Shipp is exceptionally gifted as an ulation in the West it may be safely predicted seeming belief in the inferiority of the sex does wras doubtless due to his education in the imaginative writer, had opportunities been that the West will yet stand equal if it ' advanceRoman law. not excel the East in progress and favorable would ere this have been known and The influence of Christianity in the in; the West as a novelist," as it is she has ment, towards the higher education ' securing of rights to which woman, like written much, her articles having been publdevelopment of mankind. every other human being, is entitled, ished mostly in eastern papers and journals. full recognition. It made many alSarah E. Russell is one of our many airyong terations, though not always improvements, young women who have contributed largely EDITORIAL NOTES. in the laws. Its influence y as exercised in to our home magazines and papers, and is favor of the removal of woman's disabilities, very pleasing and sweet-tone- d in sentiment excuse the will readers please Our and if it did not give her political power, it and style. of the serial "In Rural j at least Mary Ellen Kimball has con supported the political power of siderable merit as a writer upon religious England" as this paper only contains those who were her friends. fopics, though she is also decidedly patriotic articles complete in one number and specialAmong the barbarous nations of northern m tonel4Villmirth East- is one of the the distribution at free for ly designed Europe the work of her amelioration was foremost in' ' patriotic themes, and always World's Fair. slower; an early Scandinavian law in , panages to put a great deal of the fire of for the "Morning Gift" was The ladies of the American Fork W. S. the provision .'6 iu her political articles. Mary A. House the parent to the modern "settled S. Eapish, President, very probably Hannah is a Mrs. and A., writer, and ' ' philosophical logical money to publish property, but in some of the old Saxon laws deals heavy blows appropriated her with generously left and right extra copies of the Exponent, in England a woman might be burned alive thousand Pen when a her rouse that handling subjects on Utah fcr a petty theft, especially if she were a ' September first, to be given away Agnation. slave, which was no uncommon condition. ' Of women who have, been regularly em- rDay at the World's Fair in Chicago.for They ;Wife-pu- i chase was too common a practice to this most sincere thanks our ployed on daily have as reporters society papers, The same . Association need allusion here. She might be led on a donation. liberal 'nee Eleanor Young, ?re irrf Campbell active in raising -- lialter to the market-plac- e by her husband I.Chaillp T?Pcrn A An Potfprcnti and Dell have in the past been very noble purposes. May they and there exposed and transferred to the loung Harrison. These young women are money for many In a few cases, she in good works and also highest purchaser. ingenious and attractive" in their line of continue to increase deserves might transmit rights which she herself work, which is one of the most difficult in in numbers. Such energy, could not enjoy, Hence the curious' lhe are ' ll r Anti-Polygam- - - - compre--hensiv- - - .,' type-settin- g, . - . " , . and-the- her-famil- y .- " : ' de-serv- es non-continuan- ce - I - ; j j ? f profession: j -- 