WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 19 A 'i'RAYKR. seem ; to want to learn any more o" it. accept; I asked if women were preferred 1 hey to at the funeral services of manage an get into some office to for any other reason than their cheapness, , 'OitW-'-l learn the Goshen March 1701,1893 by trade, and are given a ease and and was informed that they were steadier $ster Louisa Tiylor, the letters. You know this doesn't more reliable, neater and more conscien-r- . taught Christina 'Wgginson. happen to a boy! apprentice for a long time, tious. This being the case, it seemed to this me wearisome direct of mercy day, and getting cases is regarded' as Qod quite an be even more unjust that they should reto ones comfort loved of to word say, kind A event. They are paid about twenty cents ceive so much smaller pay, The employer, a thousand ems for all the To cheer up the hearts of the tried and the truef matter they set "uttvvu, uiuu 1 uti uui auj iu mis is centered you. ana For all their dependence when thev've up He particular. simply gave me that three months they consider themselves ex ancient story about a man having a family -- Be nearjwMthJyconiforting influencesweet, and gond-huntiiperts tn For the hearts of our loved oirrahYeaT, ewj 11 all meir employer doesn't know how long f live cheaper. numb with despair; This day finds their senses mey ve Deen working at die trade, he is "In union offices, of course, the rates Bless them and comfort them now is my prayer. to apt give thein thirty or '.hirty-fiv- e don't find many cents, are equal, but as a rule-yo.Their hearts arebereavedjbr the.loved one that's ne i regular scale which meii receive is women employed in those places. . gone, from fortv to fiftv "In .the big newspaper offices you will They mourn her and miss her so much from eally I'm. sorry to say that their cheapness find a few women employed as distributors. their home, isabout the only thing that recommends These are among the few really fat jobs Bat her mission is oyer, her body's at rest; women That is, I mean, the that fall almost, exclusively into the hands printers. She mingles with friends in the land of the " average young girl printer. They:won't of women. There are probably about ., blest do things that men will. ..They ' want too twenty-fiv- e of them in New York. Their Her life speaks a volume of kind words and much waiting on. Some of them think its wages, of course, depend on the work they deeds, quite the proper thing to .be real delicate' get to 40. The compositors usually pay She has spent a long life in supplying the neeus, and weak. They can't nossiblv lift cases. mem lor mrowmg in me type aDout a Of the poor and the lowly, the'.tried and the true; I f they work inthe office with men they third of what they get for 'setting it" up,' There was nothing too much for her kind heart to waste a wgreat deal of the men's time bv or fifteen cents a thousand ems. Some of do. asking for assistance. If the men object, the men do this for themselves, .but most of ' and perhaps refuse to work in the office. them write on a little slip of paper the Her children will miss her kind influence sweet with them, their, employer gets a boy to number of thousands they want thrown in Their circle at home will he never complete, ' and the distributor they wish to do it, and wait on them. Without their loved mother, for mother love heals slip on a hook reserved for the purit's a good trade for women put the When "Certainly, the distributor comes to the All the aches and the pains that humanity feels if they treat it properly. Girls who work pose.' she looks over the hook, takes those in union offices there are a fewx who do, ' office, But ah me! What comfort what heavenly fire which have heriiame on them and proceeds The hearts of her loved ones will ever inspire, although the total number of women who to work Some of them,' it is said, make To know that they acted with kindness and love belong to the union is hardly a hundred as as $20 a week, working from ten in make from $16 to $18. I know. of at least thehigh To their mother who's gone to the mansions morning until five in the afternoon. three women who. have charge of departabove. "Altogether I think it's an excellent trade who in ments houses, large began printing for a She can always get work. It is Well worthy is she to receive the reward as typesetters, and who receive from $18 to not sogirl. hard as a great many things. It re.'Well done! enter into the joys of the Lord.'.' There week. a are,about 6,coo $25 printers ' in tehigenceapplicati She goes to her rest ;.7ith a record as pure New York, and less than 500 of that quires evinces in a desire to learn all there is Ifshe As the snow on thejnountaihs, and will ever ena bit women. are number It's odd, too, '" ' to be learned ah'd is proud of setting dure. that so few should, be in the field, where clean, proof and of keeping her cases in a when the last say jyjjjrent-' , neLfkmanlikeTco :th;pay:is:appre forme ly," abroad, her rimTthat" biisiiiess is bunessand z up inmuch better, "Come, arise with the just; come and dwell with pay is comparatively good, that if her work is badly done her employer v the received deed than that by , average Lord." is perfectly justified in giving her a piece of thy Her frame now so worn will rise in its might, saleswoman, bookkeeper, stenographer, or his mind (and she ought to be ashamed to other woman worker, it is not so good as it take refuge behind her sex and cry about And forever will dwell in the mansions of light. should bethat is men, for the same work, it), she'll get oriwery well in the printing 0, Father be kind to the loved ones below, frequently receive twice as much- - pay. business. On theother hand, if she makes Til Ihy Fatherly summons may bid them to go, Within the past five or six years a great up her mind that ,it only a makeshift v To join their loved parent in mansions above, and learned have typesetting, many girls she's only going to stay at it a little ' I pray for all this with a spirit of love. the trade already begins to suffer from the while until the desirable young man comes girl who lives at home and isn't particular along and her advent into matrimony reabout getting the market value for her lieves her of the necessity of working for a WOMEN AS TYPESETTERS." work. living, she won't. be a success at printing or As a rule when a girl goes don't seem to be in Greased "Just now I have a good job; I'm get- anything else. office to learn, $he is first set into a printing it, so to speak, as a comparison to the way ting $18 a week, but I'm general factotum. the printer woman's fingers traveled over I set type, read proof, and keep an eye on to holding copy for a while, to familiarize sheXis taught the big rack full of little boxes, which she the other girls in the room.. A short time her with manuscript. Next called a case, and dropped little chunks of ago I happened to be but of work and I the letters of the case and then s at once she is a compositor, and after lead into the piece of metal she held in her. learned more about the prices that women four or five years wrork she knows precious hand, and which is known to the mitiated work for, than I ever dreamed of before, 11 ) , " . hepn-wnrVino- nh? - ' p u " ' . . ' . - , . tj J : . . ' ' , . any-how- s lip-htnihg- - , full-fledge- asticlt""" - : "Would jou give some points concerning printing as a trade for women?" Most certainly she would, and she knew whereof .she talked, for" it is twentyfive years since her mother obtained admission foiher as a very great favor, into a little country newspaper office, where she was to learn the trade as a boy learns it. She began as the printer's devil, and did all sorts of work afterward, from running errands to making up the forms. 'That's the trouble," she says, with giils who learn the trade nowadays. They - tint V v firmnrrlt lUUi W U tl li XTnf O.V-'V rtlf 1T1 twenty-fiv- e . them who say they are expens: khuv anythins: about any other part ot me traucX than typesetting. "Many of- - them don 1 I waikedrrode dgotrabout in various d Llittle:'-moreboutHhe:trade-- : There are a few women proof readerkin ways to half tlie shops between here and Harlem, looking for a job. I could have New York. This requires perhaps, an In one I was even greater amount of knowledge, for got in half a dozen places.a-- thotisand-ems. while- the printer is justifiexiiEL blindly foloffered twen tffive cents In another I was offered $8 a week . 1 lie lowing copy and missllihg of misjpuuctu-atin- g simply because its done that way in i.;T,OCf cum wn i2. l ne lowest i naa ever worked for since the first Tour years, the copy, the proofreader is liable to have when I served my apprenticeship, was $15, the house about her ears if she is not able and I had been getting $20 just before the to make plain -English out of the most illegible writing- and to remember all the firm for which I worked went out of business. I was also offered an opportunity of idiosyncrasies of style of half a dozen houses or editors. Spelling I learning how to run a machine, which,all publishing be must among her infallible qualifications. was informed, would in time supplant For this she gets anywhere from $12 to $21 offered I was workmen. dint of inquiry, I a week, according to her skill, the sort of $ 50 to commence. By sum-pawas $12 'work she's employed oil and the house she learned that the highest for ten hours' work daily. 1 dicln t works for' The Journalist. n 4 . - . flesh-and-bloo- d . id " 