158 EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 11 .MRS. EAST'S VISITS are various opinious about the origin of this nigs we coma ma ice uiema success. We should each try to bring a new member. song and many believe it to have been Pres. Nellie C. Taylor said that woman Tiik many friends of Sister Willmirth really of, German origin he latest researches however would show it to have been taken East, President of the Relief Society of St.. was herowu enemy in speaking against 'suft understand it, we do from an oratorio called Esther by Grison Joseph Stake, will be glad to learn that she frage, tliey notwautto hold the,ireins but we should be1 i1' and thus of French origin.'' arrived in Salt Lake. City,. April 1st, enjoytrue to each other and uphold women and The Marseillaise is now a hundred years ing good health and buoyant in spirits, and seek. to elevate man kind, thought it a good old. It is sung in every laud and grows in finding her loved ones waiting with idea for each one ta bring a new. member. It is one of those eyes and open arms to meet her. popularity every year. She has enjoyed herself very much in the Meeting stood adjourned until the third , things that can never die. 'Cams li a. meeting with dear old friends during .the'" Tuesday in May. Ella W. Hyde, Sec. pro. tern. conference, and with joy exceeding and full of glory for the privilege of attending the NATIONAL RELIEF SOCIETY." of the most holy and OUR BOYS AND GIRLS. dedicatory sen-icebeautiful Temple", in honor of the God of Thkrk was a meeting of Israel, which is glorious beyond description. What shall we do with .our boys and ins. ixauunai wuuuu 5 ieiiei oocjciy jieiu at the Social Hall on State street, in this She attended the general conference of the girls too, for that matter? is a question that Relief Societies, and gave a favorable report is agitating the minds oi hundreds of parcity, on Tuesday April 5th, at 7 o'clock in of the labors ' of the sisters, and also attenents in Utah today. I mean the poorer the evening. President Zina D. II. Young ded a meeting of the officers of the Y. L. classes. , We make every effort and sacrifice in the chair, .Vice Presidents. Jane S. RichM.. the A. I. held and 5U1, to educate; them to some extent, and when reported April ards and Bathsheba W. Smith were present associations in to be a conditions flourishing with her in the stand; and Emmeline B. they become fifteen or sixteen years of ae .'..the... H.Said B. since visit of President we need their assistance and it is time that w ells, secretary, i here were of the board there been decided a had Roberts, improveof directors a sufficient number for the transthey should commence to take a part in the ment and felt have more of the the of action of business and a goodly number of spirit great battle of life. "For life is real, life is for Lord than the years past, reported members. The constitution and eaniest." Our girls are not all fitted by health of of the the Stake St. people were read by the secretary; also the minJoseph nature for household drudgery, though they to be better it ever than had been utes of the meeting held at the time of the previously should understand in all its ' since the was will settled. She visit "' valley details. If we send them to Salt Lake City incorporation. the board central and conference attend the Remarks relating to the business of the to work at anything, our minds know no is in she while oO!ie meeting and the benefits that would be peace, for there is every allurement and and is other she wherever Utah, meetings fascination to lead them astray. Why uenveci tnrougii the incorporation were and invited to able and friends Her made by President Mrs. Young, and go. should one dollar lay idle, when there is so, the sisters are to see especially Mrs. Richards. delighted much to be done? .Why. do not our capital and her her hear welcome voice once more. The first business was the filling of vaWhy should we import our. ' cancies in of directors caused by gloves, cotton hosiery, ribbons, corsets, the death of Elizabeth Howard and Harriet underwear, "and hundreds of otlfer articles S. W. CO. SALT LAKE A., D. Bunting since October last. too numerous, to mention. May the time Mrs Adeline S. Barber of Logan was come when some enterprising, speedily T.11K regular monthly meeting of the elected to fill Mrs. Howard's place in the magnanimous men will start board and Mrs. Harriet Y. Brown of Kanab Salt Lake Co. W. S. A. convened in the such industries in outside settlements to 13th Ward Assembly Rooms, April 18th, to fill the' place of Mrs. Bunting. afford employment for our young people . C. Pres. Nellie In the 1893. chair. Taylor Fifteen new members were admitted by that wre may keep them at home. We ' 'New America." - have vote, and several of the ladies present spoke Opened by singing, ever'thing iirUtah-t- o make us self" connect-teor d matters importance urieny upon sustaining, if Utah will work for Utah. Singi ng, " Help the Working Women. ' ' with the organization. Suppose bur capitalists do not amass thous- Roll called and minutes of pfevrisiiTeeting" On Wednesday evening the: annual con- Laram"$ndedam faction of knowdng that their works will Vice. Pres. Elizabeth M. Price suggested the satne hour, 7 p. m., in the same place, live long after they have passed to that at which the president, Mrs. Zina D. H. that each one express her ideas; she wonbourne from which no traveler returns. dered if something could not be thought of There was a full Young, presided. very E. H. L. Murray, S. L. Co. to make the' meetings more interesting, and house crowded the to attendance, being draw people out. Spoke of visiting people Verbal overflowing. reports were made by at their ISIiss HuLDA L un din, directress of Sloyd houses, found they clicl notiunderr presidents and "representatives from many in the publie-schoo- ls Stockholm ,-- is inc&e saujccLij, muugrii u uiey were ataiiu of the frour: iTerritoryralsa adjacent parts only woman sent officially by the Swedish states and territories and from Canada and explained, more interest would be taken. government to the World's Fair. She will Spoke upon the law of consent. Mexico. Mary P. Silver gayejier xperieiiceirLvisiting peo- - make an exhibit there of the'system. Susan E. Martineau, the representative, Among the musical compositions on the uuu eume iour muusanu. mues iu aucnu uie pie, not very satisfactory. Susanna Waterfall thought women could do a great deal-oprogramme of the dedicatory exercises of meetings and conferences at headquaters; good, asked the Lord to prosper 'this the Woman's Building at the World's Fair other representatives had come from Canada, are a dramatic overture by Miss Frances New Mexico, Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, understanding. Mary A. Irvine said she was heart and soul in suffrage, wished more Ellicott, of London, and the "Jubilate" for Wyoming and other far distant places. In addition to reports, interesting would attend the meetings, thought people mixed voices and orchestra, written for the occasion by Mrs. H. H. A. Beach, of speeches were made by the president and iiau u iung iueas concerning it, it women vote we would not have so many Boston. ;' The conference was con- could tinued on Thursday evening at the same dens of infamv. .urs, .Maud Howe Elliott: goes to Druee like the Julia rest was a a full with and suftrue attendance,other place Chicago on business connected with the did all she could to made fragist, Mrs. the cause in publication of the book on the Woman's , representatives help reports. Burton, with some talking others, we 10m should ui iviiuna, thought very ltueresnng Building and its exhibits at the World's each other's the gain iii Lamaiiites and confidence, should Arizona, things concerning Fair, which she is now conipiHngjand edit- "1 rMuchgseubjets4other- amonjr iwhorn, there.jseems to bel srreat-Jm-contain an lntroutioirW" meetings' sociables. and May was interesprovement. Mrs. Palmer, president of r the Board of Talmage ted in suffiage, she had also visited around Mrs M. A. Winters, of Pleasant Grove, Lady Managers;. a chapter on the building made some explanations concerning a work soliciting names, thought the greatest poinT and its Mrs. Elliott; a decorations, by to be was she was doing for those who had suffered to get people to under-stan- d gained paper by Mrs' Julia Ward How e on various sum-agwhat was, hoped we would -- Associations of Women; one during the journeyings and persecutions Mrs. Ednah of the Saints. get the interest revived. Had always en- - LX Cheney on Education; onebyon Literature E.' B. Wklls,. Secretary. .;' joyed , they were for our owii by. Mrs. Laura E. Richards; one on Women benefit, thought the mure we came the in Science by Mrs. Louise P. Hopkins, and more we would want. to: by o Tin: oniaments oflpine "brandies of decorative art. The volume in trvmsr to create aii inierektixui, w t 11 did"'-no- . tear-dimm- ed ' s semi-monthl- y by-la- ws house-keepin- g Primary-Associatio- Vice-Preside- ' ns nt' ists-invest- ? the-boar- d public-sp- irited, ;:Pray-er-by:Vi- c ; ; isfMlare . f ' . vice-president- r s. nngltwill' ,- ; e the-meeting- cciibns - . -- iti.yi 