KXPONENT. WOMAN'S 170 ing, certainly pure religion is a necessary element for all to possess, particularly wo- men who are public speakers and it is of vital importance, to them in all the walks of life, Surely it would be wise for those wo men who aim to be public benefactors, to speak about the prevention ot those crimes that are wasting away tne people oi ims and other nations. They might save some from degradation by so doing. We often read the names and characters of womeiTof Bible fame; there is no doubt , but those women, in connection with .their Vanity and pride were among 11 the first nf the Kephites as a nation, by the wearing of tine and costly apparel and all mna oi jewels and rich1, ornaments. ,They. became stiffnecked and proud in their hearts toward the Lord "their God. Let us learn a lesson from thera- and cultivate the spirit of humility one towards the other,andnot look down with contempt on those who are not able to dress so well, for we should remem ber they might-bthe Lord's poor and that man looketh on the outward appearance but- the Lord looketh cii the heart. Thinking of these things will do us good, pur love for the Gospel will be strengthened and fortified and prepare us to pass through trials and afflictions which the writer knows some have an abundance of. We also know we shall get the .blessings" the Lord has promised by complying with His re quirements. One word,- - about the Salt Lake City Temple : that has just been dedi cated. Ivvas privileged in going to see it myself. It looked so grand and beautiful, and oh! what a glorious influence I felt. It was so peaceful and holy that I almost lost myself in my thoughts. In thinking of the goodness of God in permiting me to come forth in this: gospel dispensation and- to be made a recipient of such glorious blessings as there are to be obtained in the . - e - tiou and death for .their religion ;andr it of gives one the horrors to read the history ,: that time. .' It is true that some of the Mormon women of this Gospel dispensation have been tried, to the very heart's core for their ' , - . prosecution. I hey have made ana are still making a historv for themselves that wilL astonish future generations. We ako readx the characters ot thousands ot rvepnite women who were brave and noble in their day. Where can we read of more nobility of soul in women than can be found in Jthe Book of Mormon, especially in the; Book of Tm twrt Almo Jti iht aTrr rtf TTM'i rl i r thousand sons or striplings, as lie' chose to call them, who were so full of the spirit of faith, implanted in their bosoms by their mothers. These loving and mothers taught them that it they did not doubt, God would deliver them from the nauas oi tneir enemies, i neir moiners7 teachings and prayers made them valian t with courage for the cause, and bravely they took; up their weapons ot war, ana went iortn to battle in the name of Israel's God, conquering ; and subduing the enemies ,: ;; of their adopted country! Where can there be found a more noble exanrple bf.Tealty to ,'Godthaoi;.tlie'--Nepliiiel, i r xit CDIUUUSCIUC i j tilln JUU.U iiiUlilVlD jJvDDvOOtU. of the vicissitudes of human life to contend with!; Well, as vv mothers in Israel, would we not, do well to emulate those ;Nephite mothers, teaching our noble and ambitious sons such God-lik- e principles? I know I will as far as I have the ability. We know of the past but do not: know of the future, or what a day may bring forth; the American motto is, "In time of peace prepare for war." We read considerable about the beauty of the Nephite women, it consisted mostly in the workmanship of their own hands, in inaking and wearing their own apparel. What a pity they did not continue to do so. Yes,we read of mothers of kings doing it. I do not know what some of our royal mothers would have to say, nowadays, about spinning and weaving ciothfor their royal sons to wear, we know the pioneer women of Utah did it and were glad to get the material to do it with; I know I was and if we did not have kings to wear it, wre had prophets and sons of What a glorious time of prophets. religious freedom it was "then" "wheflTwe cloth. worshiped the Lord in home-mad- e I wish i was made now and worn by some of the sisters of our Church! I think there would be more humility of heart and 'less partiality shown through the love of dress. Do not think for a moment the 'writer does not love a nice dress, for I do; but I do not intend that the wearing of a good dress or anything else shall run away- with my discretion in other matters, besides it is not ' , God-fearin- g - ' i. -- . L - ; . .' Temples. I could write much more but let this suffice. Nowr is a day for all hearts to be comforted, and .filled with, love one for another so as to enable the Lord's people to stand firm in the faith whatever troublous v : X times may come; ' Respectfully, a Sister in the Gospel, , . : ; ! , - : daughters,and sixteen greatly mourn her loss. The Relief Society adopted the' following resolutions of respect to her memory; P Whereas her faithful labors as a secretary in .the Relief Society, a useful member and beloved neighbor, were so esteemed, we feel to tender our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved husband grand-children,wh- ; ; andfamily. Resolved, That we cherish her memory, and emulate her good example in the work of the , Lord. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be sent torth Exponent, one to the husband, and also be placed upon the records of the Relief Society. life speaks a volume of kind words and deeds Her . ' . t a ; 1. nas ine speni a long me in supplying ine needs Of the Door and the lowlv. the tried and thf tm ' There nothing too hard for her kind heart to do. May Johnson, Prest. , -- Isabella Pratt Price. 1 1 w-a-s ; : Mary Dodds. . ; f Martha Christenson, Julia Okelbery, ' . DOCTOR. MATTIE HUGHES CANNON, Office: II South, First West Street. Office practice for Diseases of Women from 2 r:r until 4 p. m. Keeps on Hand . DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS; . AND STATIONERY, EQUI- - POISE WAISTS, ETC. Dress iriahingr In all Its branches, ; f lstes ITlillinery, styles, Ilata and Bonnets cleaned and retrimmed Feather curled, etc. Stamplnffdorc to order. Bat tons covered while you wait. Burial Salta r Specially "KTr XNU , Mill Creek Ward, May 12th, 1893. AX O. Q WEST TEMPLE STREET, Eros. opp. Grant Stables. MRS. M. E. VAN, M. D. : ' . :HAS3E&IQyDjJierloffioe,froraCoiistitutlon THIS year" the QueenTof 'Ehglahd ""cele brated her birthday by? bestowing many of the honors she always showers at this time This proves how upon the journalists. great is her respect and her admiration' for all the noble service performed by the men of the English press: She has knighted John Tennill, the artist in Punch. It is said that his picture of Gen. Gordon standing behind an earthwork and looking acros's Ihp desert for some sight of an English soldier to rescue him did more than any political speech of : pamphlet to touch the English hearts '"and rouse them to a sense of duty to their deserted' soldiers on the Nile.:. ; Queen Victoria understands this, which is why she has rewarded him. Building to her resldeuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Offics hours, 2 to 4 p.m- - . . , , . . . o ' .TH 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st South St., ; SALT LAKE CITY. , The Leading Retail ! - " ; - 1 but the pride it is; likely X to produce. - 1 OBITUARY. E.ILTHOMi 4B Died, at Goshen, in the midst of her deal family and friends, our beloved sister and Louisa Giwy ther Taylor; after a long and . severe sicknessj- - Jklaiisth, ij.She-wa- s born in Bristol. Somersetshire, England, Jan 15th. 1S27.T Was the daughter of Thomas and Louisa Gwy ther. In 1847 she; first heard the gospel as taught by the Latter day Saints, believed, received and obeyed the same, with full purpose of heart Was married to Elder George Taylor, Oct. 19th, ' 853She was a full believer in the and emigrated to Utah in 1S60, and gathering settled in Pshen. When the Relitf Society was organized, she was chosen secretary; which office she faithfully fulfilled fur 23 years, when death released her.- She, was .also a faithful Sabbath School teacher, and aemfeer of the choir. A co-labore- - r, . -- tttxjd j.or:s ess co. TINNERS CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS r Agent for RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFT and FOIU i PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders froir hoontry promptly responded to. , ' - DAVID JAM ES, Box, 306. Salt Lake City 7 - 45ii&divlSam Triena and rf Tpnt i?nr?ar 1T1 ; t 1 r Dr. Maggie C. Shi pp. will commence her summer class in Obstetrics and Nursing ' on Monday May 1 st 1893. 