144 EXPONENT. WOMAN'S about it and murmured at their queen whom they said was very energetic in. imprisoning and burning; her own subjects, -- but could not cope with their enemies abroad. Mary sank beneath this blow she said she - should die, and if after deatli they should examine her body they would find Calais like a load upon her heart. She ' died on the, 17th, of November 1558, to the unspeakable relief of the greater portion of her subjects she had reigned a little more than five years and during that time had scautioned the most cruel and fiendish; 7"deeds of" murder; the acts which had fine portrait bust of Miss Frances E. d. Every thing wasdonei be done, but all in vain, Sisters Anderson and Louisa Hale feel sure that S. L. City. Eleanor " v. 7 ' . MAT HE HUGHES CANNON, Office: II South, First West Street. Office practice for Diseases of Women from 2 DOCTOR - Keeps on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ' ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- v New Mexico, has "a woman on the Board of School Examiners. She is a teacher of recognized ability. POISE WAISTS, ETC. Dress ITIahl njp In all its branches. Millinery, &ten styles, flata and Bonnets cleaned and retmnmed Feathers curled, etc. Stamping: dorc to order. Bat tons covered while you wait. Burial SalUt a Specialty .XI5OTLI5 STKEET, 4.1 ft . WEST OpP, Grant i5ros.' Stfbles. In the Fine Arts exhibit at the World's Fair will appear three pictures from Windsor Castle, loaned .by. .Queen. Victoria, and several " from the "prince of Wales' collec' tion. until 4 p. m. winir Santa fe, " ..' 4Jn " - MRS. M. E. VAN. M, D. h erof f ice, from Constitution" to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Building Office hours, 2 to 4 v p-- the Woman'' s Exponent.) grantsvilxe march 1893. " of Dear Sister have no idea of the deep feeling of sorrow that the death of bister Howard has caused here. We had a most excellent Conference, I never was at a better, it was so humble yet so full of the spirit of God. Sisters Howard and Ed dington as you know were here, they seemed so full of the spirit of teaching and the Sisters so willing-- to be taught that it MISCELLANEOUS. was truly ' 'A feast of fat things. " There were two Relief Society meetings one KvERy cup that holds in it . Teachers two .Young Ladies meeting, is a holy grail.-Lyman Abbott. and the Primary, and all Veil . There are a thousand hacking at the meetings branches of evil to one who is striking at attended. Sister Howard in one of the meetings the root. Thorea u . referred to quickness with" which the The measure of our sincerity, and there- cholera took the its victims, and awish that she fore of the respect of men, is the amount might die suddenly, she little thought she of health and wealth we will hazard in de would not leave Grantsville:alive, ,but have fence of our rights. Erne now: to be takeii in a casket...-Thave looked at A wok an may vote as a stockholders iv-- herwe who have seen her often she -onTailroad ffonrone "end of the country looked so handsome and in betterhere, to the other. But if she sells her stock and then ever 7 before, and more full health of the buys a house" with the money, she has no spirit of God. Remember I who write this, voiee iir;the laying out of the road before never flatter either the living or knowingly her door, which her house is taxed to keep the dead, but write this in all soberness and pay iaxGcorge William Curtis. and truth. As you know she was taken with the paralytic stroke that ended her life NOTES AND NEWS. at the residence of President M. A. Huuter- only a few minutes before the Lady Brooke has a x Shakespearian attack .she was laughing and joking with. which she Ywick Castle-for- - H A S REMOVED JiXPRESSION OF SORROW: (To the Editor d some of the time between her being taken and her death, she was conscious for they asked her to press their hands in answer to thei r questions, and she did so. She did not operTher eyes or speak after she fell and died about two odockjDnundaymorriing the twelftliTShe will rest in peace for her work is done. Her son and grandaughter arrived at 8 p. m. Saturday and were with her from that time until she was taken away, truly followed by very; very sorrowful feelings by both brethren and sisters. M. A. House Secretary. Modern. ' ' Mrs. Reed has just been elected to the "International Congress of Orientalists," and is the only American woman in the full membership of the Philosophical Society of Great Britain. Her forthcoming work traces the growth and development of the literature of Persia from its orgin in Babylonia about 4,000 years ago. Ex. The City Council of Toronto has just voted 14 to 8 to' petition the Ontario Legislature for the extension to married women of the municipal suffrage which single women and widows have had for years in Canada.' that-coul- , . ' -in- -their Wil-lar- E. Archer is rate collector at Bradford, England. She is said to be the first woman to hold that office. Mrs.' Victoria G. Whitney has been admitted to practice in the St. Louis (Mo)-Cour- t of Appeals. She, is said to be the first woman to gain entrance to this jurt, though to practice in the Circuit Court of St. Louis many years ago. Elizabeth A. Reed, author 01. "Hindu Literature," has lately completed a new work, "Persian Literature, Ancient and Miss . -- this was between 9 and 10 o'clock on Saturday morning the eleventh; they had been talking and arranging for their return to .; : abolished the Papal supremacy were repealed; this was an indication to the Protestants that there were dark days ahead. It is said not to mention those who perished in dungeons and those who expatriated themselves no less than three hundred, of whom one hundred were women and children, were burned alive at the stake; the first martyrs in this persecution were two eminent Divines of the Reformed Church, Hooper Bishop of Gloucsterand Rogers a Clergy-- ' man of Essex, Archbishop Cramner Ridley, Bishop of London, Latimer, Bishop of Worcester soon followed after. Many of thcr Catholic-prelat- es were exercised behalf, and even Philip himself was moved to pity at such deeds of infamy. She left no heirs, indeed I do not think she deserved any but she earned for herself an unenviable fame, and the dreadful name of Bloody Mary. In the meantime Elizabeth had suffered no little annoyance at the hands of her sister; although they tried to keep up the appearance of friendship they were natural enemies it could not be otherwise owing to the circumstances attending their mother's marriages, wherin it could not be decided which was the legal wife, and they could not remain friends any great length of time,' besides Mary was jealous of .Elizabeth, shewas afraid thrnialcon tents would urge her ' claims to the crown, and she felt that she must improvise some way of getting her into her power, she therefore wrote her a letter stating that she .'was not safe and had better come to her for protection; but Elizabeth did not want to go and moreover she was sick and her attendants sent a certificate thatshe was not able to travel. To be continued. Hunter saw her fall and thought she had fainted, but alas! she was struck by death, by degrees gathering every flower and shrub named by the bard. The Prince ofWales, it is said, planted the first specimen. Miss Anne Whitney ha completed a This was lost and they were very, indignant -- j j .s - 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st Soutb St., to-the-e- ffect SATVT " LAKE CITY. ; self-sacrifi- The Leading . ce Retail Oasi Hottsf . . o - ..denjit . h M"JW? TIMBERS CAS,WATER & STEAM FITTED J Agent for RUM8EYScJeWateI UFTuf K M i Pum p paired cfneborf notice .Or.!ff r r PTTMPH. DAVID JAMBS, Box. 306. Salt Lake City Dr. Maggie will mmnipnfe her summer class in Ohstitrics and Nursing on Monday May 1st 1893. - Office and -- - CV 5WTPT residence 34 'EastTVth "South""'" Telephones r; 3TTT ZSrryTTzr 