WOMAN'S' KXtOKKNT. mne is jjie real THANKSGIVING. As light o'er the Mtwy-cappet- f : ?i;.W.f'm mountain, Brings promise of glorious day, 0r ' hearts overflow as a fountain, is over for me; arid I am so tired, so tired, ' that I am glad of it." ... As her husband entered the room he nr2'! her "y "'any a. wife' who household duties hm: laughed scornfully at her. tears. For once lull)iWhositssmling conventional smiles she made effort no to hide her grief. What by er husband's s,de in public, live, the life need? Had he not long since stripped the veil from their miserable existance reveal:7,'wluiawe woman leads in this century. rnanyand many a wife ing the hollow shame in all its hideousness? lKJKJ witu a . secret bitter smile ' to Neither did she offer any explanation when uiube oiner riavs J " 'nPti "uwu OilV her lora and master a hero, a noblethought demanded the cause of her grief; not from who was always to be her lover champion,., and now! any definite reason but simply from a kind a Many neglected wife feek thnt ot instinct that makes the sympathetic, a aim bucii pang is only-thfirst of sensitive natureiihrink from unfolding itself jnany pang? which go oii"mcreasTng until to the touch of one that it feels is neither they, finally lose their ' power to sting so because her inmost being felt that he would 11V4 VV,1C UJiU meant 10 De so hear it with an antagonism that would jar so patient, loving and true becomes indiffer-en- t every fibre. There are so many ways of as to whether her husband spends his letting the life out of a woman's heart with her or evenings elsewhere; oftentimes already' faint from disappointment; and finding herself glad that he is with her so for some moments he tried with a drunken seldom. A strong-minde- d woman said to man's persistence to see how far his taunts ine once: "Some women make so much of and sneers would '"exasperate the woman trifles. Why, my husband is always out; whom he had promised to love, honor and and I'm sure I never fret over such a trifle, cherish; her continued silence only made and as for cards, provided he divides his him angrier and he became for the time a with me I never think of object-- " maniac The face he turned round upon winnings v ing." And yet those very trifles are the her, the eyes blazing with wrath, the ' rocks on which many a poor woman's life cheeks pale with passion, the lips set was a is wrecked. fearful face as he staesrerecL to where his "These trifles! Can it be they make or mar a wife stood; and placing both, hands on her en-lghten- e We I s, . , human life? Are souls as lightly swayed as rushes are, By love or strife? " SOME WOMEN'S LIVES. There is a strange hunger in the average female Heart to be the one and only love of some other heart. A God given instinct no doubt, to make the monopoly of marriage dear and desirable, but fatal if the man be as is "often the case selfish, need-- wg daily and systematic discipline; tyrannical,requiring a little wise suppression and deposingnow and then; extravagant needing constant lessons in economy, vain, needing an occasional lesson in humility; and the woman one of those poor, feeble souls who meekly accept whatever is offered them, to whom a harsh word is like a blow, ""and who will bear any thing and everything - than befound ..without a- - murmur-rath- er fault with. A tender, sympathetic, self, denying woman who deals with his follies - arid faults gently and patiently,as she vainly struggles to forget all the fond unrealized dreams of her girlhood now so far behind her; and feeling hopelessly in her inmost neart that so far as her husband is concerned the future holds naught of love or happiness for her; feels with an icy pang a chill sense of desolation and neglect, a disappointment black as the murky clouds which hide the. blue of Heaven on a stormy day; knows that her husband who has his business acquaintances, his friends whom he meets at the club and elsewhere is surely growing away from her; ''that while Ae has remained at home busy with household duties and had grown rusty both in looks and ideas, he has acquired the superficial . . . t .'...ponsn ot the man of theworld ana nas even more selfish, more egotistical until he finally convinces lier by continued Idness and neglect that, he is both weary and ashamed of her. Oh! romantic idealist with an impossible hero standing as the type of all that lover and husband ought to be in that bright fancy land which you , . - ' oe-co- me ed u:. thank thee for homes, food and raiment, For kindred, for friendship, and love Though we are but poor humble claimants, We praise Thee our Father abve! We thank thee for path, and for trials, 'And waging of elements drear; With even life's stern And melting of hearts with a tear. ,We thank thee for all of life's seasons, For springtime, for winter arid rain; ' We know that in time all thy reasons To our wond'ring souls will be plain, We thank thee for hopes Thou hast given Of a life immortal and free, That beautiful respite in Heaven, When again we come unto Thee. 1 ' E. R.Shipp. - -- ot The grandeur of being on earth, For this world; am its marvelous beauties,' Sweet flowers, bright sunshine, and mirth." We thank Thee O Father for1 music, , Expressing the language'of hearts. For poetry, painting.and sculpture; And all the inventions and arts. . "You are very kind .dear friend Wl mean well, but you do not understand. I cannot tell you why orhgw but I know life upon whicli idl 11 from hfa S l0SpUrn wiUl the and put away- w.th unfulfilled un- and hopes 'e thank Thee for life, and its duties, self-denial- '.nust tlle S.,',!?,thedus'a"dielheredegrade5 - To;F?ther our tributes we pay, We give praise, and fervent Ujanksijiving, For, all of Thy mercies so rare, E'en for the privilege of Jiving: On this earth so lovelyand fair. . " 67 . "Yea, yea! A look the fainting heart may break . Or make it whole; And just one wprd, if said for love's sweet sake ..May save a soul! ' Memory brings before me to night, a fair, young face, soft, confiding blue eyes and a wealth of golden hair; now hidden under a coffin lid; while their owner sleeps the last sleep, , the world forgotten, by the world forgot. I saw her in her bridal robes when she iondly imagined life held nothing but sweets; that life, her life, would be one long summer day; and I saw her. again when she had proven the fallacy of it all had quaffed deep draughts of the bitter waters of Marah, was again arrayed in her bridal robes, but this time, she was the I well remember when bride of death. the first consciousness of her husbar ds cold-- " ness and neglect began to dawn upon her. She said no word uttered no complaint; but the sweet face, ere w thin and pale, the sweet blue eyes inexpressibly sad. Night upon night she would sit alone watching and waiting. Carriage after carriage would roll by; sometimes one would stop and then she would, listen with intense eagerness expecting every moment to hear his step in the hall aiuLthen to see him enter the room with his usual careless grace. One night he came home even later than usual had lost heavily at cards nd had been drinking. His wife was weeping when he entered the room. She was but a girl in years, faf away from relatives and near friends and her "hour, of trial" fast approaching. To night a sense of utter desolation, of intense loneliness seemed to shut out every ray of light, of comiort. Ttfnt nnr single slimmer pierced the black- closing ness of the clouds that were fast a a i.i were my auempis ai vain about her. cousolation. Vain were the bright pictures of a happy future with her babe. She would only repeat in a weary despondent voice that spoke of bitter unshed tears. shoulders he shookher roughly as he hissed into her trembling ear these brutal words 'You're a nice wife for a man to have! always going around with a long, white face to make people think you're an abused woman. Bah! I tell you what it is Alice, I'm just about sick of your whining arid crying and don' t want any more of it. Do you hear? I shall stay out just as late as I want to and just as often; so you may as well make the best of it. Why, there were at least sixty men at the club to night; most of them married, and do you think their wives sat up and met them with tears -and long faces? No, and from now, on, I want no more of it Remember that, will you?" And with another final and emphatic shake he pushed her roughly from him. Too much intoxicated to fully realize wThat he was doing he was not aware of the brutal force he used arid jneilher : Mil them observing a footstool that stood near, Alice feirover it striking her head heavily reaching the floor, against a chair beiore ' 'Oh, Charlie how could murmuring, faintly, one same in you, w7nen l lovea you so: 1 to unconciousness. hey were the last words she ever spoke. For days she re mained unconscious and then the end came. Never shall I forget the expression of peaceful content that settled on the beautiful face. Surely she had found rest and the peace that passeth all understanding. .Of course, Charlie was very penitent and apparently remorse stricken for. a time; but yesterday I read in an eastern paper ' he was more familiar- that Charlie ly known ' Bonnie Prince Charlie" was about to lead to the Altar the' beautiful daughter of one of New York's richest men. I wonder if Alice knows or cares. S. E. L. . by! - M:.-or'a- s I Tue Isle of Man legislature has just en- - ! acted that duly qualified women shall, in future, vote for the election to the House ot Keys, thus ioliowing, on more limited lines, the example of New Zealand. v 