V.. r , ; , ' '"' ' ...... The Rights of the Wdm 07 Zl0n ' and Rights of the Women " ' '.''' ' of all Nations. " Vol. 22. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH OCTOBER 15, AND NOVEMBER i, 1893. - CONTENTS: Equal Suffrage A.. L." Cox. Utafi V. S;A. Nellie Little. U. W. P. ClubGladys Wood-manje- e. Birthday PartyMary J.'.West. Castle Gate Emery Stake T. L. Reese. Senorita de Alcala Minneapolis: Special Honor. St. John E. R. Berry. Ladies Semimonthly Nfeeting Lydii D. Alder... K. S KeporLsTiie War of th ''Dausk Koindesamfund;' Obitu Rebelikra. . - No. 7. EQUAL SUFFRAGE. ridicule and opposition which is, still to be met to some extent, but in a much less de-- 1 To the Utah IV. S. A. in Convention gree than formerly, and who also combine assembled. with this quality energy, perseverance, and Dear Ladies: the capacity to do an unlimited amount oi hard work, as a special qualification. , Although we may not be Dersonllv is true that It the been and wayhas long quainted, yet "A fellow feeling makes us wondrous kind," and the lofty aims and weary and its ending almost out ;of sight, but the dawn is slowly but surely breaking, unity of purpose Dervadinp- the H f Suffrage Associations constitute a bond of and the mists of prejudice and error are union between the members irrespective of being rolled back by a master hand, because it is manifestly among the purposes of the ; aunuuiiumg conditions. Creator that his daughters shall be equally Whi le it is q uite probable that the free with his sons, financial crisis and consequent scarcity of It requires no prophetic eye to see that money will cause a marked decrease in the- victors laurel will in the near future the membership roll, yet the faith in the gospel crown the grey hairs of the veteran leaders of Equal Rights still exists, and will only of who have borne the burden of cause the need the impetus of a special emergency scorn and opposition which was the only to call it into active vigorous life; . At least that is the status of the Manti reward of the early suffragists; and now branch which I have the honor to represent that .their earthly pilgrimage i$ nearly finished Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Susan B. in the absence of a verbal report. ' Lucy Stone and other pioneer . Anthony, Although we have an enrolled member- workers are receiving the honor and ship of about two hundred, yet the num. ber of active workers is comparatively recognition to which they are justly entitled; and a host of younger women are following small consisting' principally of widows in their footsteps. This year, of grace has whose legal experience in the administrabeen a revelation of the powers and 'postion of their deceased husband's estates has sibilities of women. opened their eyes to the unjust discriminaThe Columbian Exposition has developed tion of laws which women have no voice in phenomenal traits; of character requiring making, as well as the manifest unfairness, tact, skill and executive ability. We find I b( taxation without' representation. . f woman tne ranic - in The Suffrage Association has developed education,occupyingart and iront medicine. ' We oratory, much latent talent among the members. also find her laboring zealously as a reform-e- r We have debates, lectures on topics of but under existing conditions she is al general interest, biographical sketches .of ways handicapped by her lack of the ballot noted men and women of ancient and to enforce her righteous demands. In modern times, also discussions on the when a petition signed by this proof of silver question, Home Rule in Ireland, and eighty thousand citizens of Chicago, , .was in fact almost everything of mutual interest presented to Mayor- Harrison asking him to issues which would a have except partisan prohibit the sale of intoxicants .m the. Fair breed to association tendency diswrmjour to iriquire Grounds he wasyery-particulISsbmeoiTbuf Iadies ar very pronounced how many of the petitioners 3rereVyj3ters. adherents of the two great political parties, Municipal Suffrage in several cities cives so by mutual consent we have left these fwomen greater power to combat. existing questions out of our discussions arid de- evils than ever before; and that their power bates, and as a consequence we have enjn this direction is understood and appreciand utmost good feeling ated is abundantly manifested, by f .the harmony joyed the in our meetings. . resolutions adopted last summer by the We have adopted Mrs. Shattuck's Brewers Convention in Chicago, and, recent Manual of Parliamentary Law . as our ly by the Michigan Liquor Dealers Associastandard and quite a number of copies of tion in Milwaukee to the effect, that they the work are owned by the members. were now and always unutterably opposed questions in to woman's suffrage, that it would strike Gentlemen "frequently ask relation to the politics of the Suffrage As- a death blow to their interests, etc J we that Our respectable opponents would 7 do sociation, and I invariably reply, an as Democrats or well to investigate, and see what company are neither Republicans for are we that . Equal they keep in their attitude of hostility to organization, but time and that the suffrage cause. The - enfranchised, . Suffrage first, last and all the so long as our legal recognition ends with virtuous womanhood of our land will be a the oavment of our taxes and the penalties constant menace to the evil doer, and when . of broken laws we do not choose to declare the more moral half of the population can our allegiance to any political party, but express its condemnation of legalized J vice when our vested, rights, are restored to us, at the ballot box the millennium will be that our votes will always be counted on very near. The gains for the cause dur the side of good government and popular ing the past year have been unprecedented. Women have demonstrated their capabilities liberty without license. While there is .a good deal of Suffrage as political speakers oy . noiamg vast Sentiment "lying around loose" in the. local audiences spell bound by their matchless while dealing with themes' which- organizations throughout the County, with eloquence, one or two exceptions they have languished, were lormeny consiaerea to De iar oeyona for the want of a presiding officer; who has the range of their comprehension. But the the courage .of' her convictions to brave the world moves and the struggle in Colorado - aries. Editorial. General Society Conference. 'Kotes; . v- Stone Lucy , - Conference. Relief Editorial - - My Fortieth Year Ruth M. Fox. S. R. E. My Daughter's Birthday-M- ary Poetry. Maggie A. Freeze. 4 , MY FORTIETH YEAR, fortieth yeaO hail thee uith pleasure, What glares or sorrow thju hoi Jest for me 1 know not, no matter, I know thou hast treasure "" More preciousthin pearls from the depths of the sea! They tell me I am old my noonday is waning Ishiil soon reach the summitlife will decay; I joy in the knowledge for surely I'm gaining Each year takes me nearer the end of my way My , The end! aye the end it comes up before me, ' As a gleam from a light-houb- e beaming afar; Cling to the raft it cries out I implore thee For the one that J "ld ; ' . star.'' ' fast there's a glorious ; ' . ' . ; .., ! tos on the billow . New-hoping,then fearing lest I go adrift, J. Surging and clinging forever I struggle, That at last I rn iy win the beautiful gift. Welcome thrice welcome then years of my future Bring to me what you will joy, sorrow or pain, Enough that I know that my Father will nurture And cause that my sorrows shall not be in vain. ; ... R.M. Fox. Daily and hourly : - -- - ar e7- MAGGIE. ''There is no flock however watched and tended Bat oni dead lambis there, ' There is no fireside how soVer defended But has one vacant chair." , Gone to that beautiful shore Leaving our hearts bowed down in their sadness, Because we see thee no more. dear gentle sister, , Father has freed her from pain; We who are left O, sadly we miss her, Yearn for her presence again. . . , . ' Gone from our household to realms of gladness Lovely companion, - mr , . - ? Her sojourn was brief, her mission is finished In a land far brighter than this, With those gone before her joy's undimished, Her cup's o'er flowing with bliss. D eparted from earth and all of its bitter, Where mind finds constant expansion, A brief span was all needed to fit her To grace God's high, holy mansion. , , . -- . Vet there is left the light of her presence,. To illumine life's darkest nights, Her memory arising as incense " Imparting ecstatic delights. As the perfume of roses still lingers, : ' As echo ts of musical strains, Liketha touch of soft loving fingers, & R & Maggie's sweet presence remains, . ' , 1 , 