u m am s of human wjtfftie vocation mothers! KX P ONHNT,. 31 "owys jn sccietythaf Men and wmen to cause sensible LITERARY WORK OF THE PAST. reflects There seriously are numbersiof young men who ought to Yw will and that ZINE S. WHITNEY mind forever spirit be good, reliable-- , upon citizens respected who are and bear for good or m7 (throughout notf they prefering to follow, Prior to the of the Ladies sporting,, duration the impress of a mother's plastic .gaming in all its dangerous, wicked folly! Literary Club of inception Salt Lake. City, which band.") rather than marry; is the fault all. with has now become a widely, known, there had 'Tis near century since woman's sufmen? We do not, . tiW wc no aibeen u( yci, bociety ofthis character in Utah frage was first introduced and discussed in Inw ti,ot 1S meiltor of suPerior ladies. The desire for im America by Mrs. Francis Wright of civilization' !fU the world over 'itlll tn otur rf exclusively by provement in this direction among the England, and Ernestine I,. Rose of Poland. mem aic beinSU. lnVOlOUS. PYtrnvnrror.f o,1 residents of the; Territory, however, had tiilU. ' . 4.1. Its progress has been slow, its opponents mey frail fit themselves a uivic, regard not been dormant, and as early as the year many, criticism and derision has marked its only to be petted, dressed and made much 1854 an association composed of both ladies every advance, yet, it is gaining more of; they crave notoriety and flattery, and gentlemen and known as the Polysophic-a- l strength and influence every year, that powand jewelry, expensive display. Ttiev dk. TTnn was organized. Society erful emissary conservatism, is gradually rerord tli hlUi' - u .. xj t rcuness or. mar-.- . Lorenzo tnow was the leading spirit in . . losing, his hold in the minds of intelligent, nage ine amies ot home - life, the obliga- - this movement, and ai nit iikO. mtCUUi;, our strongest supporters tions of wife and people; and motherthe care of hus which was held at his home. he was elected are many of them great, good, influential band and children becomes irksome its President, with Samuel W. Richards men .we ieeiNAieLjn saying, mat ust as monotomous they trust everything to hired and Claudius as his assistants." soon as ' we are . fully 1 prepared and ana nurses, is it any won 1 he. of the Society took the credentialed in an intellectual proficiency der woes and darkuess surround some form of meetings a series of evening entertainments, we can and will again enjoy unlimited franfire sides; that is and the ultimate much taste and judgment were exerseparation chise. Our Heavenly Father does everyend, is it any wonder some vounsr men cised in the- preparation of the programs. thing in a right and systematic, order. nowadays dread to risk- matrimony? We Religious exercises with -- their pure and He wishes his daughters as well as sons read of andbankrupts failures, forgeries elevating influence were mingled har qualified to fill positions before ve receive and suicides, there is a : cause - forthisr it is moniously with the intellectual, care was them ; he desires us to become competent, able not all woman's fault, but from personal observed in all the arrangements to relieve women not only good but truly intelligent. observation and circumstantial evidence in the with the gay, the serious with .'Weir' says one f 'how can mothers with numbers of instances she has been more or the grave humorous. Extemporaneous speeches families of children study Politics?" "Tis less associated with' it. ' were also judiciously interspersed. The an old and often repeated saying, "necesWives, mothers, sisters let us study meetings Were largely attended and a lively sity is the mother of invention," here we domestic let us train our daugh- interest in the Society was maintained unhave it personified. Mothers are the ters in economy, til 1 857, the time of the Echo Canyon War, need, duty, independence the, natural instructors of the., human race; yet which event rendered it impracticable to of home culture, we ourselves perwe cannot teach what we "ourselves do not sonally superintend the management of longer continue the pleasurable sessions. know, here comes necessity. We have sons the lines on husbands every THE TWENTIETH WARD INSTITUTE. and daughters, they are out jewels, our and department, father's faces will gradually disappear, a Fifteen years later Messrs John Nichol hope our inspiration; for them we wish to stronger feeling of security of confidence inson and Septimus W. Sears, appreciating live, to learn to be informed, to prove crease.' is one of the best eleworthy of the great trust reposed in us, ments in a tme woman's character. We tellectual advancerneht of the young suc they are our treasures from God. Intellshould always understand the limit of ceeded, by 'speaking in public upon the sub- igence is power in our grasp, unlimited! husband's income also, his liabilities every in awaking an. int;rest therein. The Still we must be patient, act wise, meanweek and month, and carefully guard and ject result was that on Tanuary 20th. 187-?- . the time gainjng safe ground on which to erect wre do Twentieth Ward Institute was then if . spend our own organized a structure. Train our sons, and daughters not have the free comof silver the coinage with Nicholson as John President, S. W. in the duties of the ballot, in the responsiing year, we will at least have the Sears first Vice President; John Sharp Jr. bility of men and measures placed in public consciousness of not having foolishly used oeconu v ice rresiaent; vv . 11. 1 ovey office, in the, magnitude and importance of our means When others suffered, perhaps Secretary; C. R. Savage, Treasurer and civil law, yet, radicalism will dicier, achave a reserve fund to assist those less Karl G. Maeser Librarian, A Board of no never. complish this lortunate than ourselves, tor there is now Directors consisting of eight members com-- , ...... -, . a Utah woman Dy.Dirm ana resi- jand wilLsurely be, a time of hardshipS-thi- s I find many things for thought and coming winter; and whether we realize it or year the Institute was composed entirely of investigation at the present time, and not not there is a strong faction liievery home, gentlemen; but at the beginning of the alone does woman's suffrage form a part. which greatly assists in lightening and bet second year ladies . were declared eligible I am a mining man's wife, (and have tering, even from a business stand-poia and many at once became active and warm feelings, strong sympathy with the man s credit. Then let us never forget to valuable members. That this association, miners of this region and their families,) sustain a true womanly bearing through haviner as its obiect the intellectual, moral. and had for the past four years prior to " us our in God giving social and religious improvement of its every emergency. head the at er neither us moving to Salt Lake City lived in a minposition placed members, accomplished much "good, it is ing camp, conseauentlv. iust now I feel foot of man, but by his side as companion perhaps needless to say. It created a wide its and wife,as a capable responsible helpmate. interest deeply interested in the which led to the formation of simiare life success. I in different, lar societies, and it was without doubt the proper adjustment and ultimate Although our spheres be- am not a society woman know few of the less important. they are none the parent of the Mutual Improvement Asniles that regulate its circle, therefore beg the respected wife of a good, honorable sociations which exist throughout the Terchildof pardon if I break any. pure, intelligent man, the mother ritory today. At the organization of the We believe there are many ways woman ren, wre regard as the grandest possession latter in the Twentieth Ward, the Institute, can aid the on earth! after an animated and successful career of humanity in the present crisis, fall flf Cl1ror- Trrliil- i trr1 xrfC M. Faknswortii. P. J. over two years, fell into, line, and is now at or ge, town, city, state and nation, known as the. Twentieth Ward Mutual ImSalt Lake City, Aug. 14th, 1893. least the south and west of our Great Reprovement Association. public. Our fathers, husbands and sons " TTTR VVAQATm build or have erected homes7 it is they who This Society probably became the most NOTES AND NEWS. provide or should procure the wherewith to popular among the young people of any furnish them: mothers, wives, and daughwhich had existed up to the time of its or ters make the interior of those homes what decided upon been has finally Chicago ganization. Upon the invitation of Messrs. we find them: 'tis they who give credit and by the Board of Xady Managers as the site O. F. Whitney, R. S. Wells and J. X. order to every department, beauty, comfort for a permanent Woman's Building. of young ladies and Ferguson. a number aA4 happiness of surroundings, their taste i r 1r t it ii 01 Mrs. jd,. is coming to this genuemen met. ai me resmence Besant Annie Mrs. aud artistic eye can be traced everywhere, B. "Wells on the evening of January 29th, 0r vicejrersa, the lack of these acquirements, conntryonher way to India, to represent 1874, for the purpose of forming a reading ; Theosophy at the Parliament of Religions class. uotieable. The officers were to consist of a . in Chicago. ; There are various features coming up upon canvas, that will fade, They work or marble, that will crumble into dust, but, . lw - . . ::"'" to-da- y , V.-Spen- cer iu - - " . and-utilit- Self-relian- ce pin-mone- y, -- -- nt -- Silver-proble- - - ' -- . : - ." ' ' : a. - 