WOMAN S EXPONENT' 10 almost translucent seemed to rise before me. I could feel the pressure of liis soft .hand and the warmth of his loving kiss, could hear his gentle word of admonition and blessing, just asln life he was wont to do. We pause and recall at each dear spot, some memory .'of the loved one here but one little grave far beyond like a magnet draws us on past sisters', children, past cherished friends, and sisters fondly loved. That one. little grave took, away all fear of death and brought heaven very near. It is the tie Jbetvveen heaven and earth, all that lies here is so' pure and lovely, and the clasp of the baby armsabout my neck and the unspoken though ts in the love ly eyes are trough t back fresh before me. Dear little baby! ' God took you home to him but we claim you still, to lis you cannot die. Was I irritable and cross today, have I been unkind and unreasonable, oh, how selfish I seemto myself, how reproved! now I wonder if she knew, my little one, what a discontented perturbed spirit I had this morning, but I am better now, the tears I shed o'er your little grave have done me good, I know you await me and I hope to live that I may see you once again; now mean we seem to ourselves, how silly to be worried over the trifling everyday annoyances, why can't we live above it all. The memory of our dead and the thought that may be they know our troubles ought to make life easier and and better. "Pis hard to leave this little spot but time' is passing and one cannot always raourn.so backward we turnstoppine now and again where a familiar name meets me. eye nor must we pass on this day, the grave of a dear brother whose death just twenty one years ago so shocked and grieved us. A bright happy lad of twelve stricken to death with the weapon in his own hands. The thought of his death makes me long for a voice of thunder to -- wartu and those who idly toy with firearms. A boy beloved by all who WOMAk. tion addressed the meeting for an hour. Her subject was "Suffrage" considered under the following heads. Definition, literal and political sense; claims for it, heieditary, constitutional, governmental responsibility, and political, the training of her children, in defense of right,. as wage earners' ' responsible beings; necessity for purification, of. ballot box, honest and economical administration of all depart- - the finishing Woman, the master-piectouch of the Almighty. See her on the sixth day of creation walking beside of that noble being man, who Was formed in the image of his Maker. Not to be his slave, nor to humor his every whim i.fI his helpmeet and confident; to be the sharer of his joys and sorrower His equal in all save For centuries she .ments of government, general improve.. has -- physicala strength. subordinate playedpart7 but as -- ment, 7 higher civilization. civilization advances the natural rights of Mrs. Carrie Smitlr of Logan being will be woman morejand juorerccognied . present as a visitor wa iiiyjLto address until each sex Will stand equal before the uw me meeting, ner mc seems iu law, and finally her, superiority in many flowing m very pleasant channels, for she respects will be granted and she will reap expressed it as her opinion that women the rewards of all the advantage it brings enjoyed at the present more rights than Let us behold her as she enters upon marthey made a proper use of. Thought it ried life. Young, full of hbpeaudlimbitioii. was all right for women to vote if they She gives herself freely to the man of her wished, but objected to their holding office. choice believing him to be noble, good, Still admitted that she was not well posted on the subject, having given her time and virtuous and true; "He is her ideal, almost attention outside of her duties as a mother her world. Her nature is loving, trusting to the study of her religion. Was heartily and confiding. In a year perhaps she becomes a mother. What a responsibility! 111 favor of anything-- that would advance Jiusoanu ana lather . iu uiuiicrto wuaiheruielittle the well being of either men or women. one in a few be, Mrs. Snow Young, "also of Logan may prove short months begins to watch her every addressed; the meeting for a few moments, said: "show me the women of a nation and look and action and soon learns to imitate-The- n as a mother to whom children are I will tell. you what the men. are, tell me the characters of the women and I will tell confided, let her look well to it that she 'apunderstands, and observes the you the moral character of the men."- She preciates,' duties she has assumed. Her childreu are earnestly desired the success of suffrage. her jewels. What a loving yet laborious She said many other pleasant and encouragtask she has to perform! Over half her ing things. Mrs. Sorensen, Bishop Harmer, John life is spent in rearing and caring for her children, and what a debt of gratitude they S. Boyer Sen, and Mr. Waite, addressed the audience. The latter gentlemen owe Her. How. she hopes and prays for their welfare, that they may become useful digressed from the subject to eulogize Brest. men and women. Even, among her own Boyer, which was heartily coincided in by all suffrasrists present, who are 'acquainted children how different are their dispositions. How careful she should be of the examwith her long and faithful. labors in that ple she sets before them. Once the famous direction. . Garibaldi made the remark "Give me the The speeches were allworth recording, Jpfa iiatiQji;toxducate.:and-you-niado what VOU like with iht hnvc " space. the accidental discharge ef ah old weanon your All women are not destined it wrould seem On the following: Sunday evenincr some boys had found.and thought this July Bishop John E. Booth, who had been to become wives and mothers,- but, in this toa make a noise and detained from the suffrage nonaay htting time when so many avenues are open which meeting by day disturbance. What a shock to his playbusiness, gave the expected lecture. His in the past wrere confined to men, it is to mates who stood around him, what a shock subject was the "Property rights of her interest to improve her mind, broaden to his loved ones at home. Gohe,yes gone Women,"' bandied-ihis usual masterlv her ideas, become more intelligent that she no more sweet loved ones only in style, to the edification of a iorever, may stand upon an equal footing with her audience. large to meet vou. memory Your craves an brother man, as. a lawyer, physician etc. or Eixen Jakeman. shrine and to them we bring our offerings any other vocation she may choose'to puroi love, and untold our sorrows and sue and the time will eventually come when and fancies and some times our thoughts she will receive the same remuneration for LANGUAGE IN SEALING WAX. souls are better for comiutr where vnn her labor. At the' present time the lessons and truths you teach us for we World's Fair is demonstrating to all nations An epistle convevinsr a orooosal nf mar:; what .inane the spot where one loved one lies, woman has and can do. Her future who sacrificed his life that otWq rniVTif riage must be sealed with white wax prospect is brightr There is every thing to live, and. from over the sea his body was while accepted lovers mav use rub v color encourage her to widen her sphere of action, is to be Jealousy laid the side of expressed blue by orougut his noble yellow wax, by to more fully develop her mental faculties mother, and now as we go there is a little implies constancy and brown melanchnlv that have lain dormant sq long. The grave just. newly made, the flowers scarcely green suggests hope, and a paler shade of will be shown in posterity. withered, a little suffering soul laid down green conveys . reproof. A "letter fif (Yin. E. H. Ly6n. his cross, and found a sweet dolence should bear a violet seal in : replv resting : P&ce. Good night, the shadows aA mumaung death, and the gather lu labt aim musings and dreammgs must give Ordinary - scarlet hue is still used for Wiw . r ""wiij.N.KJ. invitations to dinner display chocolate seals: gusliinsr voiincr ladies, Yale collegfe wras founded in 1700 under ft,Q,v the trusteeship of the ten principal miniscouhdences with pink, and general tint for letters to ndi nnn; ters of thecolony of Connecticut, who each contributed a gift of books. It was first acquaintances. W. S. A. SPRINGVILLE. established at Saybrook, but in 17 16 was removed to New Haven. Among, its early Tim suffrage association nf SnntimM'iifl Visitors at- the World's Vw met in regular session oil the 22nd of Kill pCC patrons were Governor Yale, after whom June ' there the largest cannon ever forged It it was named, and Bishop Berkeley. Of iS93, Prest, Sarah A. Boveriri th i not an American gun, however, but a its four faculties the medical was organized., Alter the opening exercises; Mrs; Ellen German one, from the t of the great in 18 1 2, the theological in iS 22; the legal iff j a Jiian, who was present by special invita Herr Xrupp,It weighsfactory ' 124 tohY r 7 ... influence-social-mor- e, al " J LA - - . . t - ... . : he-yo- uth J?- ?S?j strickeii-without-a-mome- nt'sa y - - - rt -- re-su- . . - ; fnt, 1024 ana tne philosophical 111 1847. . - lt 