WOMAN'S 02 ers'had very responsible positions teaching the sisters temporally As well as spiritually, said try to cheer and cbin fort them, do not talk much about, hard times, we do not know much about hard tpnes, but when she thought of the bafld-car- t companies she could not help shedding tears, "we are not poor we are rich." Sister Wells spoke of . Haight and KXrONKNT. counselors wit,li the ward nresidents. The conference was opened, by singing and prayer; every ward represented and reported in a favorable condition. Counselor Helen E. Tuttle addressed the assembly, spoke about forgiveness, and the necessity of praver. An article from .the Exponent A "The World's Coneress of Women.'; Coun. Aim, Wilson said we should do our duties to the best of our ability, she felt to press on by the help of the Lord. Brotlier Cyrus Tplman spotein regard to our doing wOrk for the dead, and preparing ourselves to be Worthy to meet those who bad gone behind the vail. Ad iourned until 2 p. m. Afternoon session. Opened Iwith the usual exercises and reading of reports of the branches of the Re lief Society. Sister Ann Bird expressed herself in regard to our financial condition, trials were to purify us, we must have charity and love for each other. Brother Moroni Pickett, addressee J:e conference, spoke of the organizations of women, and, their duties; women have been secondary until the present, they are to. walk side by side with their husbands; what is man's interest - the Silk exhibit from Utah, at the World's Fair, and of the notice it attracted, and of the beautiful curtains sent from Utah being on exhibition in a glass case, advised the Sisters to raise cocoons and make silk, we can make silk dresses, curtains, ribbons, etcf if we will only, work for it. President Young said the air was fnll of . silk, spoke of the exertions of Brother Graves in trying to get that industry started, said we must" promote home industries, we must sustain our own industries and employourown people, and there will be plenty of money soon; but we are very extravagant as a people, in New England they are more Saving than we are. "Let us cultivate kindness to each other, and not despise any "one that cannot dress as well as we, can, the Lord's hand hasbeen over us for good, we have been preserved from storms and cyclones, and we' as a people should be very grateful to our Heavenly Father for is woman's interest. Sister Sarah Worthington bore a faithful his protecting care which hath been over lis." ; testimony. Prest.- H; D. Haightsaid. It is ;. y After singing and benediction conference encouraging to see so many here and to hear the instructions we have had, spoke of adjourned for three months. our financial aflairs. Mrs. Caroline Daniels. Secretary." Prest. Louisa Haight spoke of hard times and the -- necessity of storing up grain. STAR VALLEY- - STAKE General and Stake officers sustained. Conference adjourned for three months. The first Relief Society conference of Lucynthia Robbins, Sec. Stake Star convened Afton at Valley tjie Wyoming Monday, June 12, 1893, at 19 MESA ITEMS. Semi-Annua- l. -- , , x - . - President Kittie E. Dixon presic Meeting commenced by singing, ing. prayer by Prest. A. V. Call, singing by the choir. Opening remarks appropriate to the occasion by Prest. Kittie Dixon. The branches of the society wrere then represented as follows: y Afton, Prest. Harriet Cazier, Grover, Hannah Hep worth, Auburn, Catharine Turner. Holbrook, Glencoe, Elizabeth All were represented as in good order. The statistical and financial reports were then read. Counselor S. A. Burton made a few. remarks in which she gave good instructions. Meeting adjourned by sinein?. benediction by Secretary Lucy Call. Afternoon Session. Meeting opened by al m. singing, prayer by. Sister Cazier, Singing by the choir, Prest. Childs of Fairview, and Sec. E. Walton of CottonWood then reported their wards as in good condition. Some of the Sisters of the various wards then made some very instructive remarks. One of the Stake Presidency gave some good counsel and encouraged the Sisters to press on in the good cause in which they were engaged. Prest. Kittie Dixon made a few "closing remarks. Conference then adjourned for six months. Singing. Benediction by Bishop Kittie C D. Cazier. E. Dixon, President. Sarah A. Burton, CounsdorsJane Parson, Lucy Call, Secretary. Dear Sister-.-: - , conference of the Relief Society of Cassia" gtake convened at Oakley Aug. 18, 1 893. - On the stand werr Trest T Louisa . I have often thought as my mind reverted to the scenes I passed through in the city, thajt I would like to pen a few lines in regard to our condition and prospects in this far off d land, we are behind hand in our Conalthough ference reports, I am happy to say that our Relief Society in the several wards is still alive, and doing a good work, considering the number who areea it- - and I hope and trust there will always be a faithful few, energetic sisters who will strive to keep the car moving and will never slacken their efforts for good, however discouraging the prospects are. There has been quite a number of changes made in the officers of the wards and Stakethe nature of which I presume has been reported by the proper officers. We fully realize that the race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but to those who hold out faithful to the end, this the majority of us are trying to do. The Mesa Society has a hall which the sisters have reason to feel proud of. It was built by the united efforts of our society with some backing from our good brethren. It is built of brick and neatly finished and furnished. Its originial cost was $150.00 but lately they have had some repainting and furnishing, costing about $70.00 more' 11 was dedicated by Apostle J. H. Smith, and since then the sweet peaceful inspiration of the Spmt of God has met with us in our meetings, many have' remarked all that this influence was felt as soon as entered the halh However "we" feet they truly grateful, that we Have been blessed with sun-kisse- -- - CASSIA STAKE. The Editor Exponent. - means to enable us to accomplish thismuclr of course the building of it has kept; our treasury, pretty well drained; but .we felt' that we were putting our means to good use, and we were obey ing the counsel of our leaders; I remember the last Relief Society Conference I attended in the Assembly Hall in Salt Lake, Sister Zina Young laid great stress upon this subiectadvising the sifters not to hoard up their means to make a large showing, but after the sick and needy were cared for to tat Lltheirsurplus means and build them halls for meeting purposes, i can say with pride that our society has filled its mission y in caring for the sick in our midst frequently hiring experienced nurses to care for. those . who were not able to help themselves," and also in assisting those faithful sisters in : the Indian Mission, per. haps a few words in regard to this mission would not be out ol place. Sister Susan Savage is President of the Relief Society of the Papago Ward which is a mixture of Papago, Maricopa and Pitno tnbes. She has Sisters Tiffany and Webb for Counselors also Sister Susan Brady- - to - assist r themT" I don't believe there was ever a band of missionaries sent to the nations of the earth wno were more anxious 10 ao good ana fill their missions faithfully than these sisters. They (the natives) have great faith in "the healing power and when they are sick they frequently send for those sisters to administer to them. Sister Savage and:. counselors, with characteristic energy, have started a manuscript paper amongst them 1 - iaith-full- . - i . inviting the Stake sisters to contribute articles that will be best suited to their un derstandings. Sister Savage has through faith and prayer succeeded in gaining a knowledge of the language, sufficient to interpret to their understanding what is written which pleases them and is of great benefit to them. They have a fine choir of beautiful voices and sing from the L. D. S. Hymn ..Book. Sister Thankful Harmon, (now deceased) Was very energetic in train ing them in their singing exercises and was missed very much when she died about a year ago. too Perhaps I have extended much already, use it as seemeth thee good! With good - wishes for all Zion's Wrkm- -I a in as ever your friend , S . M. Pomekov . this-artic- le . VANITY. WE are told by an ancient Apostle that we are subiect to vanity as the sparks that fly upward; this being the case would it not be well to cultivate a sound mind a sincere and devoted heart, that we may not lose the prize of our high calling througn vnnitv fnr tViic hpincr mllprl the Soice of life, is there not danger that we flavor our lives or character too much with these spices so that the simple food so necessary to sustain life becomes to a degree hurtful, losing the nutritious quality which the plain food would give us. , i? ; To a hard student who is making it his object and aim to arrive at some intelligence which he greatly desires, he sometimes needs a little recreation or amusement to give his mind a rest, then he takes .hold again with more vigor and a joyful anticipation of gaining the victory eventually when he has exercised and developed the abilities " God: has given him. no But, how is it with those who have to live; object of this kind, and only seem . 5 li f 1 