14 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. stratagem. Ships were loaded with tea for General Gage issued a proclamation brandthe American market, at Charleston the ing those in arms as rebels and traitors" tea was landed but the people forbade its and offering pardon to all who would sub'. sale. At New York and Philadelphia the mit, excepting Samuel Adams and John" who were to suffer the penalty ships were forbidden to enter the ports. Hancock, but we all know how of this treason, was towh a And finajly on the evening of great Americans the The next meeting when seven thousand people were recievedwasbythe ' conflict memorable, terrible battle assembled, a party of about fifty men dis as Indians boarded the vessels, brokeT orBuuker "Hill, which took place on the guised June 775 in which the British openthe three hundred and forty chests of 17th of tea that composed the cargoes, and poured lost a thousand killed and fifty four wound, the sea. Such was The ed. - The Americans one ""hundred and" . the contents into " fifteen killed and three hundred wounded . Parliament made haste Boston adwe raise to thee.,V7'Qon?ren.",,"-theto find revenge and in March 1774 'the and thirty two prisoners. Here the brave journed for three months, benediction by Boston Port Bill was passed by which no Warren lost his life. The people now n President Home. to talk of the United Colonies of kind of merchandise should any longer be. America. At Charlotte, North Carolina landed or shipped at the wharves of Boston. The assemblv stood stoutlv bv the the'eitizens in a hasty convention startled WAR'OF THE REVOLUTION. cause of the people. When the news of the country by making a Declaration of the Port Bill reached Virginia, the BurImmediately preceding-Independence. Conchidcd7 tne at a colonial once, entered congress reassembled at gesses protest 011 the tins we first hear of Washwhere of House. the In September the Philadelphia The importers entere( jnt0 an agreement journals to buy no more goods of Great Britian lifttil Second Colonial Congress assembled at ington in the struggle for Independence, With John Adams, and Samuel Adams, . the Stamp Act should be repealed, and the Philadelphia. ' Eleven colonies were represented: - It Benjamin Franklin and- Patrick Henry people cheerfully denied themselves all were there, Jefferson came soon afterwards. imported luxuries. Great, was the wrath of was unanimously agreed to sustain in her conflict with a wricked A last appeal was addressed to the king of the British government when the news of these proceedings was borne across the ministry. Before adjournment a resolution England. Early in the session John Adams made a powerful address in which was adopted recommending the suspension ocean, but a large part of the English manufacturers sided with the colonies. Lord of all commercial intercourse with Great he sketched the condition and wants cf the Camden in the House of Lord's spoke in Britian until the wrongs of the colonies country, and of the army. The necessity of appointing a Commander in Chief and favor of colonial rights, and Mr. Pitt in the should be redressed. House of Commons said, you have no right Parliament immediately ordered General the qualities requisite in that high officer were dwelt upon, and then the speaker conto tax America. On -- the. 18th of March Gage, now governor of Massachusetts to reduce the colonies by force. A fleet and an cluded by putting in nomination George 1706 the btamp Act was formally repealed. The joy in England and America was un- army of ten thousand soldiers were sent to Washington of Virginia. As soon as his name was mentioned Washington arose bounded. But in June 1767 a newT scheme America to aid in the work of subjugation. and withdrew from the hall. He was was formed for taxing America. An act The general assembly was ordered disbandwas passed imposing a duty on glass, paper, ed but, instead of doing so the" members overpowered with the responsibility which was about to be put upon him, and to his painters colors, and tea; at the same time voted themselves into a Provincial Consuspending the powers of the general gress and voted to equip an army of twelve friend Patrick Henry he said with tears in asse m bl of New York , unUl r that body thousand men. for the defencof the Jife eyer'Izf colony Ho wrifaiTo myjreputation." On the 1.5th, "stolid " vot mere was no longer any hope of peace. .within the province- A The arm of Great Britain was stretched out of JuiFeThe "nomination was unanimously droops more rash and disastrous piece of legislation to smite and crush the sons of .the Pilgrims. sustained by Congress, and. the manwlio'"' Jm&vecLthe: ..ne xiomeswerete ejacjted .jieyerwas, r . " '.Ti"'r anew. were men of iron wills who had made up in the French and Indian War, was called .ijuiucjit Another agreement not to "purchase eoods their minds to die for As soon as to build a nation. With great dignity he liberty. of Great Britian was immediately entered the intentions of General were mani-- . accepted the appointment, refusing all Gage into. Soon after a, sloop charged with festthe people madebeyond, his actual expense. preparations for war. compensation to reached' evade He the payment of duty John Hancock and Samuel Adams wTent attempting Cambridge fifteen days after the was seized by custom house officers, which abroad the people. The first battle of Bunker Hill. The army was arencouraging caused the people to rise jn a mob. The oatue was lougnt on the night of tjie 18th, ranged in three divisions, the right under governors appealed to the ministers for of April 1775. The British firing first General Ward, held Roxbury, the left unhelp, and General Gage commander in chief after ordering the rebels to disperse from der General Charles Lee rested at Prospect of the British forces in America, was where on the commons Hill, the centre under the direction of the they had ordered to bring from Halifax a regiment of at Lexington. gathered then pressed on to Commander-in-chie- f lay at Cambridge. They and awe The the Americans looked to Canada for regulars oyer people. On the Concord. The- Americans on attempting first of October, the troops seven hundred to enter the" village met a company of sympathy and aid. It was believed that marched with fixed strong Here for the first time the the Canadians would make common cause bayonets soldiers. into the Capital of Massachusetts, which Americans fired under orders of their against Great Britain. So General Schuylmaddened the people, and When the goverofficers. The enemy began to retreat and er and Montgomery were placed in comnor required the selectman to proiide the battle was kept up for six miles along mand of a division, and sent to Canada. quarters for the soldiers, he was met by an the road toward Lexington, Late in Autumn Cornel Benedict Arnold absqlute refusal. The people were declared even to precincts of Charleston, continuing took a thousand men and proceeded toAt one but met this also with resolute derebels, time it seemed as if the whole British force ward Canada. It was a campaign of unfiance. Iii 1770 a serious affray occured in .. -- vv iu aurrenaer; sucn a told hardships. Morgan , Greene and v.vnipcu. New York, caused by the soldiers cutting result was prevented only by the fear that Meigs three noted leaders of the Revoludown a liberty pole. In March a more' the fleet would burn the city. - The Amerition, and Aaron Burr, one day to become ...: serious one occurred in Boston in which can loss was forty-nin- e of the United States were i killed and three citizens were shot down and several two inthis company of suffering heroes." This wounded . M"5ToTItraTjeEnown as the hundred and seventy three. The battle of expedition proved a failure. The AmeriBoston massacre created a profound sensafired the whole country. Within cans were beaten back-witthe- loss of the Lexington tion, the city was ablaze with excitement. a few days an army of twenty thousand great Montgomery besides many of the The brave Samuel Adams spoke, for the men had gathered about Boston, John army. At last came the king's answer to people. On the day of the Boston massacre Stark of New Hampshire, Israel Putman the appeal of Congress. .It was such an Lord Worth prime minister, secured the ot Massachusetts Greene of answer as George third and his ministers passage by Parliament of. anact repealing Rhode Island, Benedict Arnold of New always made to the petitioners for human all the duties onv American imports exceptand Elnathan Allen of Vermont rights. The colonies were insulted and. ing that on tea. The people at once agreed Ma.yeu ' were the first errand, brave 1m rW n spurned and their petition was treated with not to buy nor use tea. In 1773 the minisAmerica Army. was After Ticonderago and-- contempt; : The first ry ters attempted to erifbrce the tea tax, by a were raten. The British to disband the army, and submit Jjtfiout talked of the need of help there would be tins winter, so many being out of employment 'and enjoined upon the sisters to take care of the poor and let none suffer for the necessaries of life. j Officers of the Relief vSociety of the Stake were sustained, and President Home spoke of the disaster that were coming which had been prophesied of by the Prophet Joseph, spoke of: the sisters having in their absence and returning been bles-ehome safely, the meetingheld in connection. with. the Congress etc. Singing, "Our God d ' . 1 ' Tea-Part- y. de-ga- -- -- - - - Massa-chusse- ts , , --- -- 1 1 -- - - ; - - ? -- Vice-Preside- thirty-mie-wciundedrnd-of- f -ffi nt : ; - thing-necessa- 