' Vi v 7 WOMAN S EXPONENT. 178 the fields for this purjose. "If ever there is a famine"" she siid "come to Zion." Dr. Mattie Hughes. Cannon, a beautiful, bright, young woman, gave a wonderful address upon the "Types of women in Utah." Before the session closed Mrs. Wells call-leme" to the platform and I went and sat d' : byJkighamlYoung's wife and took by the hand each of those women, with whom my sympathy has" been so long, they knowing (for Mrs. Wells had told them of me in Utah) that I had written a book against their institutions. ;Truly their forbearance and kindness is saint-likThis one meeting was to me worth coming to Chicago for. ' T hope you will pardoh me for being thus personal' in my letter, And how 1 7 have said nothing of the Dormitory where we are stopping or of the thousand and one other' things that I would like.. to '.write . of especially, the reception' given by Mrs. Potter Palmer' this afternoon Mltfle Woman's building on the Fair ground, where wrere present the of U. S., his wife, who read a paper, the Duchess Veragua, direct descendant of Columbus; foreign delegates of all nationalities, and all the great women and some of the men who are now in Chicago. The Governor of Illinois made a very fine and powerful suffrage speech at this banquet, I think the best I ever heard ' , e. ; : the dead inland sea, all these gave the rude materials to the writer and the poet.- Then when the dear old flag with its stars and d floated to the - hrvr fnr the first time on, Mexican soil from the loftv pinnacle of Ensign peak, woman burst the heart of the into a sonir that immortalized the glorious and significant event. It was the inspir ation of the Hebraic type of the woman of the nineteenth , century. From tuat time "the snirit of ooesv. crude perchance, com of pared with the finished songs and hymns those, whose lives were cast m more pieabant places, vet rich enough in rude imagery and true to life in that which touches the rfenths nf the human soul. And SO it was that woman made more endurable the times of 'searcitv and orivation. because the germ of poesy, the divine, sympathy with nature in its wildest, its serenest and most plaintive moods, found response in the heart of women, whose prophetic: inspira poet-patri- ot : tion wove the stirring and pathetic themes into son?r and storv. The. very' wildness and barrenness of the Rocky mountain region forced from the lips and pen of the poet the utterances that urged the people on, and helped them to fulfil the simple duties of everyday lite as martial music inspires the soldiers on the battlefield. The singers the were unconsciously interpreting were thoughts of the weary pilgrims who openim? up a- ereat hiehway across the. from a man. American desert to the Golden Gate of the with and But receptions, speeches long Pacific sea, those songs many of them pub walks upon the ground, I am tired and lished in volumes are here n6w in this great . must close. city for the people who wish to know what In my next letter I must speak of our were the thoughts, the feelings and the own handsome Ohio building with its motives of these Western mothers, who beautiful Cleveland room, furnished by Mr. have reared a generation in the valleys of W. A. Otis of Cleveland, the decorations the great basin. v and tapestries the hand work of Cleveland One of the most inspiring themes and one ladiesand the luxu a home on the ground where we can go which no poet of the West has yet fully interpreted is the wild, weird, solemn-sigh- andrestrMiss Iuey Stenuiff-froland has charge of it and she is very well ing, soDDing, moaning wina as it sweeps fitted for the place, being very pleasant, majestically (though unseen) with its tre mendous music and undertone of discordant and entertaininall visitors delightfully. notes through the mountain fastnesses and 'Etta L. Gilchrist. over the stupendous heights of those lofty mountains of the Wasatch gorge. (range) WOMAN'S RELIEF SOCIETY. As soon as possible in 1850, two years after our arrival in the valley, a newspaper From the Chicago Daily Inter-Ocea- n wras published, and women contributed to ' its columns, both prose and verse, but the May 20, iSpj.) idea seemed to have spontaneous origin that Emeline B, Wells on Women Autha woman's paper should be established and ors on the first day of June, 1872, the first Journalists. Mme. Emeline B. Wells addressed the copy of the Woman's Exponent, a semiNational Woman's Relief Society in hall monthly paper, , was Jssued, which opened No, 7 on the subject: "Western Women a new avenue for women poets and writers that has developed much talent all through, A uihors and Journalists" as Follows: the twenty-on- e years of its publication. In colonizing a new country, especially: This has given a fine opportunity for women one barren and desolate, whither we had to express their views on all subjects, and gone without knowing its conditions and has made a record of charitable, industrial, surroundings, gune with only scanty pre- and professional work among: women in the parations, one would naturally suppose West, and of current matters and events of there vould be very little poetry in the importance that has been invaluable in our hwomarr'rwork" for theColumhinn atoosphereorinnh who had toiled across the burning plains sition. A volume containing one copy of without murmuring at the hardships, en- each year's publications-.mabe seen at the trials all the and . : during privations incident World's Fair. to a journey through an unknown country, Two volumes of poems by Eliza R. Snow a new where the foot of were published at an making pathway early date, and later wnite men nadnot trod for ages untold. after her travels in the Holy Land, "CorIndeed, one would think there would be as respondence of Palestine Tourists," also a natural conseq uence a barrenness of ideas, books for children etc. , nine volumes in all but no! The grand and lofty mountains The poems of Sarah E. Carmichael, one" with snowy caps, the almost impassible Vice-Preside- nt She also published her poets of America. poems in book form. Among the women who hive been fortunate enough to bring put books of prose and verse are Augusta Joyce Crocheron, boni in Boston, but reared in the West, who issued "Wild Flowers of Deseret," "Representative women of - Deseret," and one book for childrenHannah T. Kingman JEnglish -- woman r born in Cambridge, issued three, "Songs of the Heart," "Seripture Women," and an Epic Poem ; Mary J . Tanner, ' ' Fugitive Poems;'' ' Emily B. Spencer, from Connecticut, two volumes of poems, and several others, of which time fails one to tell. In 1889 a magazine was established for young women edited by Susa Young Gates under the auspices of the Young Eadies' Associations. This also, in bound volumes, may be found on exhibition in the Utah building at The Fair grounds. ,1 have only told you of a few things that have been done by Western women, in journalism and authorship. I could tell you much more had I time, but it remains for the future to reveal the magnificent "possibilities of song and story of the drama and romance from the gifted pens of the daughters of the valleys of the Rocky mountain fastnesses which lie by the inland - , , sea. 5 -- - .. -- m -teye , , . ad . - y : . 14J4 wondrpusi silence of the greaUdesert. j celebrated that ' William ' Cullen TWo Mrs. Charlotte Emerson Brown, President of the General Federation of Women's Clubs, was born in Andover, Mass., in 1838. She is the daughter of Prof. Ralph Emerson, who was for ..twenty, five years professor of ecclesiastical history in the AndoverjTheological Seminary. As Miss Emerson manifested a decided taste for the study of languages in her early youth, every possible ad vantage was given her for - cultivation irr this (lire cfion; "and"" after years of study at home and in "Germany, Austria, France, Italy, Greece, Turkey, Egypt and Syria she became a teacher of languages in a seminary at Rockford, 111. In 1879 Miss Emerson married Rev. Wm. B. Brown, D. D., then of New York City, and after a couple of years spent in Europe returned with her husband to settle permanently In) East Orange, ,N. J., where -- Mrs. Brown was soon elected president of the Orange Woman's Clubs. Mrs. Brown entered heartily into the plan originated by Mrs. May Wright Sewall of Indianapolis for a general federation of the woman's clubs of the United States, and at the organization convention was elected to the presidency of the new federation... Fifty clubs entered into the Federation at this convention, and within two years over one hundred and twenty have been enrolled, the number Still inrrpnc;fncr nntil it nOW promises to embrace everv woman's cluS of Mrs. Brown's importance in the country. mental ability and enthusiasm m the won: render her a valuable assistant in the ranks of those who labor for the increase of sympathy and improvement in organization amongst womankind, her manv sidedness peculiarly 'fitting her for such service!' She mifrht 5L.1V flftpr the ct vl a rf St Paul UntO the literary women I became literary that I 4 . tr tlipm that are in suffrage tvork as a suffragist that I.xnigtt train thf mip-h- t "Vtif-rnti'- '' gain them who are suffragists: to them who are without nnlitinc oc tvitlmnt nohtlCS (being not without interest in public works, but under a different name) that I might gam-theffit- ha made all things to all women that I ngbt all means win some, .. " " 