i If these have seen, Oh! then, the fair image me thinks you have seen Of him, of my brother, the friend that , has been, E'en while I have bowed 'neath the rod: The brother who ' stepped ' from the fairest of neignts To place in my pathway the heavenly lights, -Reflecting the glories of God. Aretta Young. WOMAN. ARISE! 0, Woman, arise! this glow in the skies, jBetokens the advent of morning; Thy.spirit may smile, exulting the while, In the day. which has published, its warning. i f Its glory shall shine, in splendor divine, "Thy path, so long dark, to illumine, And render thee strong to wrestle with wrong Which, crushing thee, crushes all human. , "Thy desolate cry, through ages gone by, J To the ear of thy God has ascended; i iHe bids thee prepare His armor to bear, For soon shall thy penance be. ended. U. W. P. CLUB. This monthly meeting of the U . W. P. Club was held in .the Exponent Parlor Feb. 28th, 1893. Prest. E. B. Wells in the chair. Prayer by Lula G. Richards, minutes of last meeting read and approved, members responded to roll call, with sentiments from the writings of 'Ella Wheeler Wilcox." Program rendered as follows: , . .. ? Upholding, encouraging, leading. :"'j.'. :' ,. . Thy, heart true and warm, in every form, Have pain and pale sorrow attended; . grim-visag- " 4 wrong has trampled thee- - ed long, But soon shall its triumph be ended. - - - - . i ". ......... ' , Thy companions, though few, are :valiantand true, And swiftly theif numbers are swelling; Then never despair, for lo! in the air, Pure light is the darkness dispelling. , , --; 4 An excellent selected article was read by Ella Hyde. Two lovely songs by May Preston. 'What western women are; doing in Literature, 'original article, by Mary A.. B. Freeze. An article by M. A. Y. : T Greenhalgh read by May Preston. The Badge was discussed very freely and a decision arrived at, that the same committee with May Preston added get other designs and compare with the one already presented, before deciding upon y what, should be adopted; it was voted unanimously,' that the Prest. select from mottoes offered by the members, and decide upon the one to be accepted by the club. . , After reading some mottoes which were handed in by the ladies present, the meeting was adjourned until the :22nd, of March at 7, 30 p. 'iri'l atfthe same place, where it was expected we would meet for the last time as the Prest. contemplated moving from the historic old house, to more commodious :'?'r'r ; quarters. Refreshments were served, while the ladies discussed freely the topics which had - v been presented to the Club. . U. W. P. C. Program for Marqh 22, 1893; ' 'Women in Journalism, "Josephine Spencer. Song and music Gladys Sketch of the life of an eminent woman May v Preston. Poem Ruth M. Fox. Ignorance Progress Vs. Phebe C. " Young. Specimens of different styles of comments Nevada V. Davis. verse, Members to respond to. roll call, by sentifrom Longfellow. Benediction ments Phebe C. Young. C. C. R. WBU, Ass't, Sec. - r 4 And - . ; Undoubtingly hear this anthem of cheer The voice of a prophet is singing: Of Sister- rejoice! lift up thy glad vqjee, The bells of thy freedom are ringing! L. L. Dalton. - : ,A SISTER'S TRIBUTE. Have youseen as you stood on the mountain's : brow, The beauties of heaven, its treasures, and how, As if drawn by a magnet below, They tren)bled 'mid air' waves and fell to the : . . J earth, . : - (Allured by her sweetness, and held by her girth) Fair Jife giving beautiful snow? . Wood-manse- e. ' . ; Have seen how the rainbow, with arch raised on ; 'high, ; Mounting the heavens and spanning the sky. Still rests with its portals on earth? How its beauty, its radiance, by nothing out vied, Increases in grandeur; in splendor and pride, While illuming the lowly of birth? Have seen where the strength of the ocean and " stream, Combining their. forces, will eddy and gleam, The mighty and gentle entwined? ; The sage have you seen with his knowledge of THE LAND OF MONTEZUMA. Leaving Salt Lake via. of the Riq east tcT Grande and Colorado Midland: .... Colorado Springs, thence south on the Santa Fe, three days travel brings uso the city of El Paso Texas) .this is a town of considerable .size and not unlike some of our western cities with all the adjuncts of so called civilization, Sectarian Churches, liquor saloons, gambling halls &e. Taking the street car from this "point ten minutes ride crossing the Rio Grande river, ' lands' us, as it were, into a hew world, another people speaking another t language ' r truth, , Enshrining his spirit with that of fair youth Aye wisdom with boyhood combined?. " Have seen the white brow with full mental grace endeavor hathleft its deep trace, Where God-lik- e : " , Where wisdom hath taken her rest? Have seen how it throbbed with ; the ardor of youth, of heavenborn O'er flooded with truth, doth lie, And mirror the depths of ,the soul? x Have seen it where justice and mercy unite? When love but of heaven doth soften its light And give it a magnet controls c though they do not have the true gospel of Christ, their dress, devotion and manner makes the impression that they are; an . earnest religious people: .r The playing of the bands, the .shouting of the boys promenading on the streets and public places, the great gatherings to see man pitted in the Arena, against the brute beast tlie afternoon of the same day, has a tendency to make one change his opinion; we may ask, what kind of an example do they see when they loot to the: north with our boasted civilization and see man pitted in the Arena against his fellow man in deadly combat? Leaving these brutal sports we pass on south from the American line, two or three hundred miles, here the climate has changed, old 'Sol - throws his genial rays on Motner !artn ana tne nusDanaman clad in the lightest of wearing appearel, reaps, his corn, picks his cotton;- sows his wheat, and garden seeds in succession from October to April. On the 6th, of March of the present year, your humble servant left this beautiful land the air scented with blossoms of fruits and flowers to find that winter's storm king still held his grip and apparently reigns supreme in the mountains and valleys of Francesco. the west. 4i .m . ! -- - , - . ABOUT THE. WORLD'S FAIR. The Queen Reerent of Spain will be rep resented at the World's Columbian Exposition by the Infanta Eulalia and her husband, Prince Antoine. The Spanish Cabinet has sanctioned their visit to the. World's Fair as representatives of Queen1 Reerent Christina. The Infanta Eulalia was born Feb. 12th, 1864, and is therefore, J nearly 29 years of age. She was married to Prince Antoine son of Prince Antoine d' Orleans, Duke of Montpensier, Feb. 28, 1500. ine xniania nuiaua is me youngest sister of King Alfonso. ' '. ; The Japanese royal family will be repre-- .' sented at the World's Fair. It is announced positively that the eldest son and probable ; successor of the Mikado will visit Chicago in'September. The Bureau of Music of the World's Fair has issued the following: relative to concerts by American artists at the Expo sition: Those amons; the younger, native born, bro-- 1 fessional musicians of .this country who may desire to avail;; themselves of the oppQrtunityr are in vited to communicate with the Bureau of music before May ist,with such testimonials as shall in dicate clearly the degree of their ability and talent. : Those applicants whom the Musical ' can recommend will be asked to appear before a committee with headquarters in Chicago tolbe appointed by theureau of Music. A medal , or other token will be conferred upon all who : meet the standard ' of attainment required " by ' different ."style of Architecture,- different this committee and possihly an appearancer in mode of agriculture, manner, amusements concert in Recital Hall of the Exposition mv be ' and religion all have a tendency to impress arranged. will be no expense connected with the There one that they are not in the Ustudas Uni-da-s trial in Chicago except those of travel and del Morte. these the candidate-mus- t pay, a" the has" funds for this no Bureau ;Here again a man. becomes a child tot purpose. will Committee not be The Qiicago convened learn to talk is the ever ambition of young until after the opening ot the Exposition irt May, Americans, a new field of study if diligent- auu will liai uj (.auuiuaira uvsi 1 ly followed up will aid itr developing the by the Musical Director -- Director - . 4 . . That surge with their virtuous crest? Have noted that throne of expression, the eye, Where thought and where genius impassioned The ringing of the bells going to Church and see . the - people going through their . sea-wav- es ' mind, broadening the ideas until he shall look upon his fellowman in any land ot clime with a spirit pfV liberality. . In. God fi - " e thy trust, whose word is so just, He hears all thy sorrowful pleading; Still .cling to His hand; He'll teach you to stand, f you- - . - 131 Woman's exponent. ' enter--tainme- nt: . . . . 