WOMAN S EXPONENT. 154 , convenience and natural sentiment have already settled it. A man marries a woman to give her, upon her own consent the place and title of "Mistress" of all of which he is "Master," his honor, his home his family and his name. The two become one, and one name -- is therefore becoming for the two. Upon this theory of things long established, the custom founds itself and is perpetuated; the man's name is the wife's name, as it is to be his children's, and it is that by which, in all.Jheir. joint me ana interest, uomesuc anu social,, uiey are known and recognized as a 'pair. 'Neither relinquishes individuality; each has a personal name still. Mary Brown is not John Brown, of all that concerns them togrether. If he is Doctor Brown she is not Mistress Doctor. but still simply Mrs. Brown This is also the case if he is Reverend, Right Reverend or His Ex- cellency. If Mrs. John Brown transacts business, . signs a deed, makes a will; if she keeps a shop or a school, or is herself professional; if she should become known as an artist, musician, author she does all these things personally as Mary Brown; 'Mrs. only because of her married estate and surname; and it is needful that her personal signature shall be used and shall represent her. Mr. John Brown is not herein responsible.' I thinks a true wife will like. best to be known, to her life's end, by the name she would wish most of, all to honor. If she . become a' widow she" will prefer to keep it, as in meu ory and faith; only waiving it, perhaps, when a son's wife comes to bear, in her turn, the very same. Then the elder wife and niothermaynetire. in a modest dignity, upon her own personality. It used to be a beautiful courtesy, in such cacb, iur iue worm outside to distinguisn uer as ;uaaam urown. ? be maid, wife or widow, whether she be of the married or unmarried estate, is realized as never before. The mystery of the usual feminine sk. nature when it is attached to a busing letter, leads almost invaribly to embarra ment on tne part oi me answered. X0 woman likes to be addressed with the Quakerish simplicity of ' Mary Brown' ' whether she be matron or maid, nor if she be the former does she wish to be addressed as the husband's name when there is no sou bear- ing the same name. to me a matter, of very simple solution. Looking on it as custom founded on reasons of propriety, The question seems . Harriet Prescott Spofford. . -- ir . - ""1 r . 1. 1 1 . Adeline jl i inai i D. T. Whitney. nave not any denmte opinion on tne subject. My own reason for using Mrs. Hodgson Burnett on" my carus was a very simple one, indeed. There were several Mrs. Burnetts in Wash- uky Aiiou vviiitci ucic, uuu as ."fty u"uji one or two had initials similar to Dr. Burnett's, confusion arose on one or two occasions. A number of my friends suggested that if my card bore my name, as Mrs. Hodgson Burnett, thev would know who had called at such times as they were absent from home, and they had only the card to refer to. My first name is never used, except by newspapers. I blush to discover that I am never of the slightest use in a discussion, my one ruling opinion being that everything which is not a brutal crime or a shining virtue is, more or less, a matter oi taste; and as my own taste is to leave to every one else the entire rieht of vviaiii m. iiiaticis pcj.ia.ming to tneirs, J. must, perforce, wear at jtimes an air of being indefinite, even on such stray occasions ta tviitn j. am nut. v . ? Hodgson Burnett. .Whenever the conventionalities of society are concerned think the husband's name should be used, and whenever it is a personal or business matter tlje .wife's Christian narae 4a.alie' case of 4 widow" She has a right, in my opinion,to wear her j -- ' It seems preferable to use the appellation, Mrs. John BroWn, rather than Mrs. Mary Brown, when, because of the husband s prominence, explanations and misunderstandings may be avoided. Not many decades ago it., was woman's hiVhest ambition to become a wife, and she who had readied the age of thirty without latter. ob"In proceeding to some opinion as to the having attained this result became an ject of pity and reproach. Many a girl has best course to be adopted, the thing which given her hand in marriage, unaccompanied, jmustmoLbe understood. The vulgarity of the titular by her heart, rather than incur the unpleasantness of advanced maidenhood. To be signature "Mrs. Mary Brown," or "Miss an "old maid," in that earlier day, was to Susan Smith," affixed alter a "yours very invite criticism and derision. At one time truly" can only be excused by its evident woman was a helpless creature dependent intent to be one of the solutions of the This form is the one to be upon the strength and chivalry of man. problein. avoided. A fashion recommended bv com. JShejioionlyb but her very identity mon sense, simplicity and good taste, is that upon her home-givewras sacrificed upon the marriage altar. of placing "Miss,? in brackets, a little to There are many Hannah ' Janes who, like the left -of the name, as: Yours very truly, the heroine of Locke's pathetic story, " ' learned too late that the "rubbing out" of ' Miss Mary Smith. self brought unhappinessto the one they' for the married woman is Its equivalent was to found benefit. It very appropriate hoped by writing belo w her signature, "Adwas when woman known at that time, only dress Mrs. John Smith," as: e identity-becomher wife her of that as the husband, Yoursvery truiyy" " merged in his. Mrs. Dr. Jones Mary Smith. a of was never suspected Address Mrs. John Smith being practicing wife of was oue; The value of concerted action is unonly the physician; she Higher education for woman , resulting: in questioned, and the '"necessity for it in the field of 'usefulness, is gradually accomplishment of any given purpose quite broader" a 'customs. as evident, therefore, if this problem of. changing many The wife now recognizes the fact that for identification of signature is ever to be the security of. home happiness she must solved, it can only be by united agreement riot only be the moral leader of husband on the part of women to adopt foralHirne and sons, companion as some such form as the above in their busi well. In ,the larger development of her ness correspondence. mental and physical growing fashion of giving girl- desires to set aside the props and shields of enuaren out one name, as former ages, and to the responsibility ' ' 'katherine, ' ' so that when, ifI'Helejioi "they, marry, ot lieopio.io.s.ju..her. own. uame . I wo aid advocate that woman retain her full maiden name;, is part of this maiden name through life, and at marriage subject of identification of signature. annex! the name of her husband. Why "Mollie Irene Brown" is not as euphonious should Mary Clark become lost to the nor as sensible as "Mollie Garfield Brown" friends of her youth, except to the few who or "Nellie Grant Sartoris.'' This custom are acquainted with the fact of her marriage has the further advantage of securing the with James Howard; when Mary Clark' woman's immediate recognition not only as Howard wrould convey her girlhood's idenher husband's wife but also as, her father's tity as well as that of her married life? daughter. Mrs. Brown or Mrs. Sartoris ' V Rose Hartwicx Thorpe." signifies but little, but Mrs Garfield Brown or Mrs. Grant Sartoris tells its own story. My own preference is to be addressed Mrs. Lyman Abbott whenever it is in any sense public, and always On the back of a Everywhere the worldlspeaks for unity,; letter. I took my husband's name when I everywhere the race sighs for unity, every married, and I prefer to be sheltered under where the heart of man beats for unity. the whole of it so far as I ' can be. Of W. S. Rainsford. D. D. v course, in signing my name, I ordinarily use my legal signature. The ethnographic exhibit at the Chicago Hair will be partly within the main building A. F. H. Abbott. ' and partly outdoors the collections being within and other features without The A married woman should always be adAmerican department will include Speci- dressed, unless she orefers her husband's name. T rfn tmt f aiiyliard and lasf rule in this matter: it is a question of accepted form in America. In maps of the most famous earthworks of the Mississippi Valley; models of the mysteriEngland the husband's given name is y omitted .where the address is clearly ous structures of Yucatan ' and Central America, with casts of the hieroglyphics; understood. Peruvian mummies; palaeolithic implements Constance Cary Harrison. and relics of the v mouhd-builderphototo of Alaska mounds from and ruins graphs IDENTIFICATION OF SIGNATURE Tierra del Fuego; illustrations of primitive By Frances E, Lvni?an. ) folk lore; and numis- and games religions, In these days of multitiidinotis correspond natural rnaticzeologM tne necessity lor some, .way of show- - history collections in enerar-v": Popular 4 . . donehQuld-ilrst-be-thorough- l . r, ""tt " ; - long-establislie- d -- but-intellect- ual . : -- -- . . ; . v,! : gen-erall- . s, " -- -- 