fthe .RiSh'S Vol. 21. Wmeu (fW SALT LAKE CITY.UTAHAPRIL CONTENTS: and MAy' 15 LOVE'S QUESTIONINGS. Opinions about Names. Sister Minerva VV. Snow C. A. Conover. U. W. IV Club Gladys Woodmansee. Primary Report, Colonia Juarez, Mexico Caroline C. Romney. N. W. R. S. -- '"' Z": Where God's work in beauty gleam. From the snow capped peak or meadow, n hedge or rippling stream. In the shadow of the Temple e On the fair to see, When thy gaze was all enraptured, Came sweet tender thoughts of me? Ericksen. Obituary. Editorial: Temple Dedication. Editorial Notes. on the subject is that, personally, I prefer to see a married woman keep her own name as Mrs. Sardi Smith, instead of Mrs. John Smith but that I recognize perfectly the social needs which arise to make it more convenient that the name of. the husband be used in family designation., . . . Did you think of nature's lover How her eyes would feast the while, Viewing o'er each scene of beauty 'Neath the charm of thy sweet smile? ... ' Poetry: A. Handful of Violets Hyacinth. Love's Questioning Lillie T.tFreeze.- Menu for Promise You Will a. Happy Day Selected. Love Me Always Caroline B - Pratt. - to-entir- Swelling sweetwith prayer and- - praise, Came a thought of joys unmeasured, That we knew in other"" days? Twas a morning in midwinter, Cold but clear as joyous May, Over dale and lonely woodland, A snow-whit- e mantle hy. In the glory of the Temple ' Where the angels met with man, " Great and precious truthsrevealing Of the gospel's glorious plan. WheVtP.e Holy Ghost in power Filled thy soul with perfect peace, Did you long for me that hour? Did your love for me increase? To my spirit comes the answer, In sweet accents soft and low, Giving me a;blest.as;surance,..i.:.-- The delicate hoar frost decking Tree and shrub with strange device; And a filmy mist was rising the river's broken ice. " . A1I ra y The smoke curled lazily upward Towards the clear azure sky. . rt" . - i illie : ' : . . T.. Freeze. OPINIONS ABOUT NAMES. Thus it was when they came to me,v . Still with dewy fragrance wet, Plucked in the warm and sunny south A "handful of violets." :. And in fancy I saw the hands That gathered the blossoms rare; A mother, somber clad, And fatherless boy so fair sad-face- ci So tenderly, aye reverently, She stooped the flowers to part, With thoughts of their hoped-fo- r mission Fast filling her aching heart. The great brown eyes gaze wond'ringly At his mother's falling tears, Poor mamma," the sweet lips whisper, Words of comfort low she hears. They bloomed nor their beauty lost, 'Til! sunshine stole the snow away, And spring rains destroyed the frost. tong before their fragrance perished, Over his couch they were strewn; In the lone, beautiful city, With its peaceful dead entomed. Wooed to life by balmy breezes, With their wishes unexpressed, Par from the sunny south they came, On a northern grave to rest. . . Only one lived, and that f ah, well, How the stilled heart beneath must love, That "handful of violets." con-venienc- e, s, : Two weeks, with water daily changed, ; for May contains a number of articles on letters from prominent women on the subject of a married woman using the husband's name o V or her own also after his death. Our opinion has been for some years that it is better for all purposes thaTa woman use her own name, also that girls be given one name only and retain the father's name in connection with that of the husband after marriage, then one kno ws directly who she is, and her identity is preserved. for Where girls have double-namedrop out one of the names (even if it should be the name of the great grandmother) and retain the name of one's own father which is a courtesy and an honor to him. The son should always (in our humin connection with the ble opinion) him at birth have also the name: The Ladies' Home Journal ice-cla- n " maiden .iiamaiot his makes up the dignity of both families anddistincthings equal as well assignifying the tive lines to which the families belong. We give here the opinions of some very celebrated women writers of diverse views on this subject. .', ; - Mrs. Henry Ward Beeciier T Tie wind rose high and sadly moaned Through the boughs of leafless trees, And whirled the white snow into drifts, d river's breeze. Joined the e -- -- . The sun shone out with a brightness .XhaLU.azz!ed4he.yatdiiiig,eye; ' - Elizabeth Stuart Tiieli Wakd. I CONFESS ignorance as" to the most acceptable manner of addressing a married: woman nor do I know that there is any recognized code or rule applied to this question; therefore, I can only give my preferences and opinions. I do not like to see a letter addressed to a married woman by her own first name. The husband's full name, not his initials, in my judgment, should always .be used. This" is more Signified for the wife, more respectful to the husband, and certainly more convenient for all business1 purposes. One thing is certain " personally I always prefer to have letters addressed to me as, V In the music of the Temple . II A HANDFUL OF VIOLETS. No. 21. Ath that l ean say Rose-blow- hill-sid- i 893. 5ssly In the valley of the Temple National Relief Passing I houghts Lamella. Society E. B. Wells. Mrs. East's,' Vis it. W. S. A , Salt Lake Co. -- Ella VV. Hyde. Our Boys. and Girls E. H. L. Murray. . R. S. , Reports. Miscellaneous. Notes and News. Mary E. i; own baptismal name, which is that naturally her correspondence. udjn Julia Wakd How::. -- . Notions. - I should say that the general usage m 1 - " knowlittle.or - thersubject pf marriage titles!" In England irTnarried womair isr alwaysrailed-byh- er husband's name, whether her husband be alive or dead. For instance, if I were living in England or Scotland, I would be addressed as Mrs. Robert Barr as long as I remained unmairied a second time; Mr. Beecher and Mr. Miriam told me that in America a widow resumed her Christian name, and acting on their advice I signed myself: Mrs. Amelia E. Barr. But, if? the. custom of the country permitted, I. should infinitely prefer to be called by my husband's name because, if I am no longer his wife, I am at least his widow. I think affectionate remembrance would desire to keep the husband's name. I know I would gladly have done so. . Amelia E. Barr. . " . I do not knowr that I recognize aliy code in because a woman who has given her name to the public; while unmarried cannot expect that public to observe a strict "social code when she marries. At the this-matter- , ; samejinie I and all home and domestic: correspondence, addressed to Mrs. ..Robert M. Wilcox, as it is to my husband that I owe my home, and the social position ; of a respected and tected wife. . ... ; ; I do not expect editors and publishers to take this matter into consideration, as it is ray work, and not my personhow;-eve- r, ality, which has made me known to them. I expect them to address me by the name which hasnademe of interest to theinas a' correspondent. . But there-i- s always-- a gfeaterplcasurcto" 0njentlydtifie4b3hfci:-4iusband's name, as Mrs. John Smith. ,.; j .mein seeing a letter bearing my husband's In literary' life however, and in associa- - j name than' those which come simply ad-- this matter, somewhat modified by the various elubs'and other associations among women, would be sufficiently- - correct. .In ietv a lady may, perhaps, be formal 