44 WO M A N 'S iK X I'O N I , .. i C N T, ... .maintained the utmost integrity, to the 'Gospel of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints of charming colors and the sunshine floodwhich she embraced in the early days of ing the hills with that. peculiar beauty of the'Church. ... -r r the blue and crimson glow known to the EMMELINE B. WELLS, ,Editor. - Editorial Ctnirtbutor. Sister Thompson had patiently shared in ANNIE WELLS CANNON Wasatch range, the autumnal tints shone ,. out vividly and the mountain scenery was the persecutions and drivings of the Saints in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, description. ; At from place to place since the Church was picturesque" beyond 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivEphraini we received a heartywelcoine, first established in Kirtland, Ohio, whither ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. and the feeling of calm content that perva- she had journeyed from Canada, where she Advertising rates: Each sciare, ten lines of nonpareil ded this locality, was a decidedrhange from fiad received the true Gospel. Sister 'space, one time, 2.50; per month, 300. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. the bustle of the city and the constant eclio-ing'Mercy Rachel Fielding Thompson (the EXPONENT office, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Buildhas harvest deceased bountiful sister whose demise we now rehard times. A ing, Main Street, opposite Z. C. M, I. Business hours from of1 and the and toil been the reward thrift, cord) was born 10 a,m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. England on the' of This of in the possession peaceAddress all business communications to June. 15th, people are happy young woman PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ful homes in these mountain vales and are emigrated to Canada with her younger Salt Lake City, Utaj. not panting for the filthy lucre that brother Joseph Fielding in 1832, where she Entered at the Post Ojfice in Salt Lake City, Utah, as brings so much care and anxiety and very residedat Toronto when Elder Parley p. ' . econd class matter. often strife. Pratt came there on a mission in 1836 at The sisters in the Relief SodeandMii which time she and her brother were OCTOBER the YrIMrIrAra'redoihg"a"good work baptized and the following Spring moved to Salt LakeXity,- in an even unassuming way, but aswe exKirtland, where her ister Mary who acof companied also had come over to Canada in pect the secretary to send us asynopsis NEW ZEALAND LEADS. will" the minutes of the Conference, we 1S34. In Kirtland soon after their arrival and the Sister Mercy R. Fielding was married to the pleasant reunion party, New Zealand has shown great political speak of of the program in Elder"" Robert B. Thompson a man of Fair, which were a part liberality in giving women equal suffrage connection with the visit. literary attainments, who subsequently beand has set an example worthy of imitation of the one in On Friday and Saturday came private secretary to the Prophet x by all other countries. It is a triumph for where schoolhouse new of the halls sister Her Smith, Mary was Joseph the cause of equal rights and will doubtless large had L. Y. afterwards married in Kirtland, to Elder be accentuated by public celebrations in the Conference was held, the a made and it very Hyruin Smith in December 1837. arranged an exhibit; many other lands demonstrating their ap were there creditable many The Fieldiugs were of a good old proval of the New Parliament. Slowly articles of showing; that work and painting fancy but surely the shackles are falling, rusty English family; the brother Rev. James botanical The executed. were well speciof Preston, England, was a from long usage these time worn chains of well- - .Fielding and mens were, good particularly bondage fall off gradually as the new and religious reformer of some ministerial im for suitable been would have and arranged brighter civilization advances and the the World's Fair. We have not time to portance, and had sufficient influence to establish and become the head of a Congrelarger humanity takes preceedence of "old enumerate the or of their speak variety theories and superstitions, and so meworld gational Methodist Church in which he to the ink say general wTay moves on to its greater needs, and a new merits, only sought to revive the spiritual power of the sensible for the deserve women praise element is infused by woman's help into young Wesleyan movement. SisterThomp-sofee was very" original entrance the and effort, though the governments of the world. was of a distinctively religious type of For three years past the New Zealand small they made some, money for present character, and was ready ' to make almost , House of Representative has, passed needs, and it was certainly a commendable any sacrifice to assist the Church in works bills giving women the privilege of voting enterprise. of charity and benevolence, or enterprises or The dinner and entertainment reunion of a like nature; has always made liberal equal with men,but this year the bill to en took close the after Friday place evening franchise women passed both the lower donations to such purposes as building hall where in of the the the Conference, and upper House, and has received the Temples and emigrating the poor. It has held. been The had wTas dinner meeting formal assent of the Governor. been stated that she had contributed more delicious and and served, handsomely This victory is even a greater one than means to the Salt Lake Temple than any ladies some of the the played young organ the enfranchisement of the women of other sister in the Church; she was a memto added dinner which tha time, during because New Zealand has Wyoming, ber of the first organization of the Relief was mere Atterwaras is in enjoyment. itself in a certain singing Society in Nauvoo, Illinois, and has ever sovereign powers and sense an embryo , nation. New Zealand and ' recitations and a manuscript paper since d and energetic in "The Literary T Fly was read by the the work and labors ofin," will be the first to vote for a real Parliament, this benevolent and editor. most We were enter .hospitably fact the not lost must be although sight of important institution; she held the position that women on the Isle of Man have tained by Brother Willardson. President of Treasurer in the Relief Society of the Canute Peterson, Bishop Dorius and the Sixteenth Parliamentary suffrage, "nor must it be forWard in this City wher she these household of and we brethren, good enthat the is gotten municipal suffrage resided, and was faithful and efficient in the the the visit, enjoyed thoroughly unmarried women meetings,' widows and in joyed by performance of the duties of her office to the" the with old conversation, Scotland some meeting and Canadian England, the time of her death, (some ' t wentv-on- e friends and and the new, happiness noting provinces, years) though f for a number of years she and and the' of The Exponent in behalf of the women prosperity progress people had not been able to attend meetings. The of Utah offers its most sincere and fervent who live more within, their own means and past eight years on account of the infirmities congratulations to' these fortunate women, are comparatively free from difficulties and of age, she had been bbliged to remain who have been endowed with equal rights embarrassments. seated in an invalid chair, and be carried and privileges, and may the day speed from room to room and place to place when quickly on, when the women of Great circumstances required. Her patience and IN MEMORIAM. Britain and the United States of America resignation in her sufferings, and to her able to be celebrate on acown their may MERCY- R. THOMPSON. condition, and the will of God, were quite count a similar victory. remarkable, and her testimony to the truth Sister Mercy R. Thompson who de on all occasions was strong and persuasive; A PLEASANT JOURNEY AND VISIT. parted this life September 15th, 1893 at the her conversation was full o( light and intelgreat age of eighty six years and three ligence, which made it ever a pleasure to By invitation of Mrs Mary A. Hyde months was a veteran mother in Israel, and be in her society. ; President of the Relief Society in Sanpete a woman of particularly strong and heroic Sister Thompson had received all the Stake we attended the Conference of that character. She was also sympathetic and endowments andTblessings in Nauvoo, under held at on the 22nd of benevolent in her nature, and possesser! nf the direction of the Society Ephraim Joseph Smith Prophet Mrs. S. E. September; Taylor General many gracious womanly qualities which and ... his in the ministry, President of Young Ladies' Associations gave her a and a mind, tender! that the Saints have been privileged to en been also invited to attend Y. the heart. She had a rather remarkable life, having and lived to be present at the dedication L. M. I. A. Conference held at the same passed through many scenes of trial and joy. of the Salt Lake Temple which she had on the we 23rd, place journeyed together ,made great sacrifices, yet was always firm strongly desired; and which she greatly over the R. G. W. R. R.; and had a most de- - in the advocacy of correct principles, and appreciated. Woman's Exponent.. serai-monthl- ('). y, Mi'crfitrnl t;t Tt ltf'intr the season of , . . of . in-Prest- on . , 1,-1- 893.- -- . . . n , . -- been-associate- : : V- - - -- - . -- - . co-labor- well-balanc- ers ed -- 