Wo m a n s UHV SHOULD WK DOUBT. of llu- - Zr " Z which :L lines dedicated Mrs. Lit Dalfun suggatrd "The One 10 Doubt" reading her poem, Pear sister, although a stranger to you vnly ex po Sent 1 lfcel son-- We should iid daughters 35 that the y .reailze tne we live. mothers - Mrs. Browning. The President then charmed the club with her feeling rendition of Jean Ingelow's, beautiful poem "Seven times Seven." Mrs. Lawler read the rejoiced 'see that we love one another, and 0r2i5n, never forget our prayers. We should 1 we "Deserted Mining-camp- " which awakened an K uuiwiui animated discussion of the silver question ! vrL 111 thls tIle best of all and dispensations Kate Field's unjust criticism of the We should not be lukewarm in oUritfand.woe, ;j serving Women of Utah. u rinr of the memories sad to past the Awaking The evening's program things of ?i the Kingdom. energies wjis interspersed Prest. Woodruff has with sweet tho long ago, Miss Pearl Russell singing by said Vateh the times, for wonderful At first I could not say as thou hast said, "God's are right at our door.' The. Lord isthings and piano music by Miss Olea Shipp, will in all be done' thus blending the divine arts music and pour-in- g out his but since have displeasure, learned subthe rebelled, upon heart nations, poetry, in a manner to lift one's soul above My of which we have to take a won. mission must be share, but if we the stern realities of life to the idealistic of trust God all in will ' work things to the beyond. Tho ytars of grief too deep, T" for our good. 'Hard Times' is the together After refreshments and arranging of cry, but portray this would be as if famine should program which was to be another evening nothing Have come and gone, the wound so deep can follow. The of this is r o bad all with the poets, selections from the opposite prospect as a way , never be elUced over the and it is world, w threatened as in our sex exclusively, meeting was adjourned . pure and true, her soul The one I mourn own land. God can avert it if He so desires for one witli trials purified wa more off leaven than S month, benediction pronounced by but we have been warned to store our earth. up Lydia'D. Alder. sisters are we this? grain, Now from Heaven the solace of doing lent, A precious boon E. R. Shipp, Rec. Sec. pro tem. that is wheat we ' should heed cheap, this life the but oh, my weary conqueier death. counsel we should be on the safe side. If saddened Yet cease regrets, my heart, thine all the sisters would only work in each Society, to God resign nor doubt his high behest, ina systematic manner, very much more LADIES' ATTENTION. His infinite wisdom faileth i ot our lambs have ' wheat could be stored up this season. We gone to rest, know that we are right, and in this line of The unparallelled success that has at And .when through wUe designs he calls our our to store the duty, up tended the use of the "Viavi" Home grain." loved ones lioaie from this terestrial ball, Sister Horne of the spoke great good the treatment by all ladies who have tried it, is Tis for some purpose wise and just, none go choir to the do for Zion, sufficient proof to every unprejudiced mind would going Fair, without His call. and gave many other instructions. that it is one of the greatest discoveries of II he or sue naa uvea: now on our yearning W. Sister East Arizona of also spoke at the age; and an unqualified boon to sufferhearts indulge the vain regret some counsel and exlength, giving good ing women. Ladies, if you would enjoy If they had lived, what might have been? our horted to the sisters sustain the Exponent. perfect health yourselves and transmit a Wayward lips in saddened tones those words Sisters Morris, Thomas, Sebrick, and Wilhealthy and robust vitality to your children, repeat. liams each followed with words many good investigate this remedy, and give it a trial. Ah me! yes: w hat might have been we poor blind of testimony. Sister L. D. Alder, Sister You will not be disappointed in results. mortals May and others each added her testimony Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, a physician of Pitfalls and snates beset the unwary' youth to those already borne. Sister Elizabeth seventeen years practice in Salt Lake City, wheere they go. Stevenson closed by saying many good endorses the treatment; and will in the. Would they have stood immaculate when tossed things and adding her testimony to all the near future, lecture on its merits,through-outth- e on stormy seas of li'e? others that the gospel was true, and ex territory. Correspond or make inHave weathered evev bitter blat 'mid numerous horted air to be true and faithful to the quiry freely. Ladies only in attendance. whirlpools of sin and tnfe?' same. Meeting was adjourned for twfo JJtah Headquarters at 176 State St. Room 19. How many a mother's heart in all the bitterness, weeks. Mrs. M. C. Howes Gen'l. Manager. Singing "Lord dismiss us with of mortal woe hath said, thy blessing" etc. Benediction by Sister If in his youthful innocence, unscathed with Julia C. Howe. crime my darling one had died, Lvdia D. Alder Acting Sec. NOTES AND NEWS While seen - the dust strewn sad refrain so very like my own Thy plantive, Has ,'tined within my heart a, sympathetic chord I ft keen-edge- for-langua- thc " , .u. iuui wf d r.ucv-"lc- r r ge ; ; little-kno- wi . ; , , in my anguish I had o'er his guileless breast, j And thus could feel .(nowweetihe thought)- - my J U. W. P. CLUBr ; darling was at rest. and The veil so closely drawn 'twixt Heaven This interesting organization held its earthTs just and wise regular meeting at the Exponent parlors from Obscuring undefiled the visions of Eternity Wednesday evening, August 31st. Prest, ' ; . our unhallowed eyes. should finite mortals doubt the infinite wisdom of our God? Whose Son hath all our sorrows borne, life V stormy path has trod, Has gained the victory over death and drained the bitter dregs. Oh why Eliza E Gibus. D-se- ret, Utah. LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- Y Minutes of the Sisters. MEETING. Semi-Monthl- y Meeting held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms Aug. 26th, 1S93. Prest. M. I. Home presiding: singing "Come ye Saints" etc. Prayer by Counselor Elizabeth Webb, continued by singing "We thank thee O, God for a Prophet" etc. .Minutes of the previous meeting read and approved. Sister M. I. Home said "I think jf there was a will there would be a way, for many more of the sisters to attend these meetings, unless there is sickness in the family. By meeting together we are built up, our desire to serve God renewed, and we et joy more E. BrWellsThTthe chairrprayer by Lilhe T. Freeze. After due attention being given to general business the President stated the nature of our program for the evening which was to be devoted entirely to poetical readings and discussions, giving a pleasant diversion from the regular routine. Mrs. Mary A. Freeze led with a very appropriate selection from our honored poet Eliza Rv Snow. Ruth M. Fox read an original poem entitled "The Moon's Answer" which had a tendency to awaken manv new thoughts. Miss Patterson recited in a very effective tone and manner the beautiful poem A. T. Crocheron read 4 CnmpHirip." V the 'Lost Bower ' from Mrs. BrownB. Wells' ing. C. C. R. Wells read E. beautiful poem "A Fragment." Dr. E. R. Shipp read an original poem in two parts, 'Our Inspiration and Our Poets," Mrs. Xizzie Wilcox recited, very impressively, "O, My Father." E. W. Hyde read "God Knows Best" from Ella Wheeler a beautiful Wilcox and L. T. Freeze read "' selection from, the same author. Mrs. ' tydia Alder read 'The Golden Curl' from . .. "SlRSrHENRTWARD Beecher celebrated her eighty-secon- d birthday, on Saturday, Aug. 26, at the residence of her sou, Col. fienry B. Beecher, of Yonkers, Nf Y. Only the members of the family were present. . .. . . Miss Florence Nightingale recently celebrateid her seventy-thir- d birthday. Although for many years confined to her house by constant ill health, she is ceaselessly at work for the welfare of her fellow creatures; "Virginia Franklyn," a new writer, whose verses and essays in Harpers Bazar noticed for their and elsewhere have been ' fresh and enjoyable qualities, is Mrs. Virginia Terhune Vandewater,"a daughter of "Marion Harland." Her sister is Christine Terhune Herrick, whose excellent writings on domestic topics are well- - known. - Rev. Augusta J. Ciiapin, chairman of the Woman's General Committee on Congresses in the World's Congress Auxiliary, has just received the degree of Doctor of Divinity from Lombard University, Galesburg, 111.1 This is the first instance in which a woman has been authorized to write D.'D. after her name. Re-ligio- us 