WOMAN'S. kxrbNKNT-- 20 To Professor K vail Stephens, a practical ot tuat genius, brilliant execution and talent for unmoved to the glonou strains musician and composer of considerable angelic voice, ttio early called from eartlvto leadership, as produced a complete revoluas well as professional tion in musical circles, and marks an epoch heaven. Her sudden" 'demise in 1S85, lelt native genius is study due the and success' stars of of training that, the our in a vacant place in the development of the divine art that galaxy in class movement in the teaching led to the attainment of the present high has not yet been filled. Among our,local general of the Schools to Territory develop Sunday possessed standard of musical taste and culture in musicians who have done much a rare born of and personal magnetism education musical talent, musical taste both by this community. with choral perfect leader, control, . be may be mentioned Professor Jos. J. Daynes During the years that he held the leadersways the hundredsof children on the stage ship of the theater orchestra, he produced a who has presided at the Tabernacle aorgan few1 with a few simple movements of his baton since 1S67, with the exception of mumber of musical plays, including Maca with the most beth, The Brigand, Aladdin and Cinder-all- a months spent in New York under .the maintaining perfect tempo for the two latter he composed the tuition of Mr. G. W. Morgan, also Orson "National Concert given in the Tabernacle entire music, consisting of solos, duets, Pratt, an able teacher of the piano, organ, ' on the 22nd, Feb. 1893 was one of his choruses and dramatic interludes! . hannony and counterpoint In giving the musical history of Salt most unique efforts, and demonstrated the During this engagement he conducted not omit reference to possioiiuy 01 a ingu bianuaru 01 musical the first opara given in Utah, the "Grand Lake City, for children, thus educating a: Duchess," by theTHows6ii Troupe. ' In f hp frmiid omnti in the Tabernacle." the training of musicians who will in future 1875 the great musical event j in the city, building of which was commenced in 1866, generation was the performance of the oratorio of the when all the materials necessary had to be years maintain Utah's Musical supremacy . Messiah, by the Philharmonic, Society, under obtained from the east and hauled across in the Rocky Mountains. In the public schools,- the leading day the training and condiictorship of Professor the plains in wagons? The architect and Careless, with over two hundred performers designer of this magnificent, instrument schools, academies and colleges as well, as and a full orchestra. The performance was was Mr. Joseph Ridges,' who. worked on it the University of Utah, music forms a part for several years, but to Mr. Johnson of the regular curriculum of study, and a great musical triumph, and was pronounced by the critics of the day, a presentation belongs the credit of bringing its present scholars of all ages enjoy in Salt Lake City far superior both in its vocal and orchestral perfect completion. It has now four mam- - musical advantages equal to those afforded ' n excellence to the performance of the same als and pedal, stops, and ; two in Boston, Chicago, or Cincinnati, the only difference being in the number of lessons oratorio in San Francisco, with Madam thousand six hundred: and forty-eigh- t Anna Bishop and other vocal celebrities in pipes, supplied with wind by three large given and not in the quality. There are few homes in Utah without a the principal parts. In the instrumentabellows, operated by two hydraulic motors. tion, the first violins, and the cornet obliga-t- o In its completed form, situated in one of piano, or organ, and brass bands, are numof Mr. Mark Croxall, were particularly the most perfect acoustic buildings in the erous throughout the territory, while guitar fine, while among the vocalists Mrs. and world, it is justly an object of pride to our and mandolin clubs delight the young Miss Haydon, Messrs. Williams, Black- and city, and the admiration of tourists. Alpeople and male glee clubs and quartetts inthe new are beingt organized extensively. Proud Hollister, deserve particular mention. But most equal to it is the organ the palm of excellence belonged without Congregational Church, and beside these as we my justly be of our past musical ' any question to Mrs. Careless, the wife of the pipe organ in St. Mark's Cathedral, and, achievements and present standing,, our Professor Careless, whose rendition of 'I and in the Assembly Hall, are very fine future possibilities are far more glorious and know that my Redeemer liveth" was sim-'pl- y instruments and above the average. with perseverance in well doing and a more bell-like Professor Careless resigned the united effort among musicians and lovers of When perfection. Her pure sweet tones, and her exquisite delivery, intense conductorship of the Philharmonic Society, music, it is r possible for Utah to become with feeling, rose almost in this selection to Professor Radcliffe came to Salt Lake City world famed for her uriequaled musical the exalted pitch of epic song. The fact and took the vacant position, and a year excellence and progress. that this oratorio could be executed in such later gave the Creation in the theatre with perfection by a local association, and call marked success. Professor Radcliffe is a out a high class audience fully capable of great organist) and his recitals given on the LETTER TO THE EXPONENT. such Tabernacle as his mashas music proves that, organ prove appreciating complete been often affirmed, Salt Lake City even tership of that noble instrument. Editor Exponent: noted our violin then, was one of the greatest musical cities Mr. solists, Among TiiE editorial in the last Exponent set of the world, a Willard Weihe stands in the front rank. A me to that her subsethinking quite seriously. It is cermaintains. Ole for of whom he history Bull, quent proudly protegee played tainly true that the little cost of the paper Professor Careless also conducted the at the early age of ten years, he had by cannot compare with its value to the celebrated -- Pafepa Rosa concerts in 1868, force of his geniusjmd perseverance worked of Utah. , No one can ever "claim to the Anna Bishop concert in the Tabernacle, himself up to a very high position, and hate read in the Exponent, words or exand the grand Wilhelm concerts in the under the tuition of the celebrated Vieux-,- . other than pure, elevating and "theater in 1880. and received from the erreat temps, developed a marvelous technique pressions sensible. True it contains few of those 01. virtuoso the highest praise and many marks that has been rarely equaled "except by a worthless fashion hints and g of personal esteem . virtuoso. A long list of performers on and rearing children recipes and remedies; .'. In 1879, Professor Careless gave Sullivan's piano, organ, violin and other instruments feeling a mother's and a wife's own opera of "Pinafore" and later "The Mi might be given, which together with a instincts and circurhstances can better guide kado, "both brilliant successes, and rendered number of vocalists of unusual excellence, her in those, duties, but it contains pages of exclusively by home talent. In 1885, he justify the claim that we are in Salt Lake useful information pertaining to woman's succeeded in organizing the largest local especially a music loving and appreciative work both at home and abroad. Its little orchestra evej brought together in this city, peupie, anu inat no but lew lerntory, and, contain some of the sweetest songs members. During States in our land can equal Utah in the pages consisting of forty-fiv- e our home poets have sung, and some of the his partnership in the musical business with progress made in the divine art. Especially Mr, David O. Calder, the firm published is this the truth with regard to choral brightest thoughts our authors have penned, stories ,the "Salt Lake Musical Times." the first music. Salt Lake leads with her Choral beside rare selections and articles and of merit and interest. Nordolextolthe litT? nrAAr '. musical nublirntion in t1i AVVVJJ frmvi Society three hundred in number; the Tabvisitor too highly wheal tains, and under his leadership of fourteen ernacle Choir four hundred and fifty in tle say it is invaluable to the women of Utah, years, the musical services by the Tabernumber the largest probablv in Amerim and realize what a i nacle choir reached their crowning excelheads the list of thirtv rl,n? . I wonder do they half w educator the exponent has been to them " lence; To Mrs. Lavinia Careless, the lamoiwua,.(.Muii;uc3m ine city, average these many years. Perhaps we appreciate ented wife of Professor George Careless, not less than twenty voices each, making a our and book's like our friends. The of her rate by the belongs right genius, grand total of six hundred' choristers. Add morepapers when we have lost them, but I hope highest niche of fame among our musical to these the two hundred and fifty choirs in not, and I hope for the sake of the women stars. With a voice of phenomenal purity the various towns and settlements of, the of Utah we wilLnot have to lose our, friend. and resonance, she so educated Salt Lake Territory, and it shows at least fi for it is a bright little ines- tnd sublimity of and choristers taking part in divine worship the Exponent, City audiences-to-tjuali- ty PTcrpr tn niir 1inmrc hrincrincr lis neWSV ana music, that only a Patti could sing here every dunaay, and if the Sundnv , P. .. , us uiwv.r nnn wvva Tiieasani' rnotio-nrininauiLr -without being adversely compared with j t:ij . wno unuren, , ail take "part in the fltld r; 7 r tiiu iiieiiuner in our scciai juuuatii" hen Her! rendition of oratorio solos was worship of the day t counted, J cuaruauie worK. simply exquisite; and no heart could listen cwaII ih tiiinkn. t,:.. e r tnousand. immux iu iuiriy-nvE. A. -- , ; ; - we-mus- -- -- -- t -- ' " , - , . fifty-seve- . . -- - 4 pre-eminen- . ce , wo-me- n house-keepin- . ' W H1JL semi-month- ly u':. ti)Tn " . .. ki thfi I ? I "ar .i 