' The Rights of the Women oj Ziont and Vol. 21. the Rights of the Women SAIT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY i, CONTENTS; Passing Thoughts By Camelia. Woman's Work on the Sandwich Islands, III. E. D. N. 7 On the face of all glorious Nature, These words to mv visionannMr- "We wish you a bright, merrvJChrktmas The XXVth N. A. W. S, A.A.Trift ta.EgbnrU ina a prosperous, happy New Year." From the Press Committee Harriet Taylor Upton. U. W. P. Club. Woman's Progres- s- Let the song that is sung by the fireside-- Let the tones of the organ that swell-- Let Ellis R. Shipp. Ferdinand. W. S. A.,Salt Lake the iingling of silvery Co.Notes and News. Obituaries. sleighbells And the youth's merrv lauhfpr a Editorial: Hail the Glad New Year. Let the snow as it falls in Holiday Journals. Editorial Notes. great' masses rom the tree with its Dream. B. E. branches W. Poetry:, Memory's . r . n .... Fancy's Greeting. Alofa. A Dream ofugiist. vr iioais like solt down from the heavens,- Whisper; back" these fond words in my steady? long arfiiieTnsinincn There is notliing prettier than stiowv linen for the table and nothing easier laundried therefore though the colored and fringed borders are very attractive in the shops, it is neither good taste nor economy to purchase them, the fringe soon becomes ragged and snarled, and even with greatest care in u-.-l! 1 - Ur on frost painted windows annear May the fanciful forms in the , I dream'd of the hills and the streams far away May the rays of the sun bright and clear-M- ay Of hemlock and pine and the fragrance they each image each fancy that greets you; shed, liear this message from far o'er the blue: The holiday seasons so joyful and gay That we, though far off in the tropics, Fair visions, bright pictures' of days that are Wish a glad, merry Christmas to you. dead. When the gray of the morning is dawning These come in the night-timwhen lonely I weep, When the sun slowly rises on high '. And list to the wind, and its voices of song, We'll imagine the angels are bearing These soothe me with echoes and lull me to sleep, Our message of love through the sky: As I hear the soft tread of the ages along. We'll imagine once more they are singing, And that this welcome chorus we hear: : And the friends I have lov'd and the hces I've wish "We ... known, a you bright, merry. Christmas riJ And a prosperous, happy New Year." Grow familiar and greet me as erst long ago: And the fall of their footsteps at night when alone. ' Is hushed as the shadows that wave to and fro. SamoaT)ec. 5th, 1S92. fire-lig- ht 7 . . . PASSING THOUGHTS.. The deeds of the past and its mystery tells, Wild symphonies chanted over the graves Of the loved ones,is sweeter than music of bells. Now the Christinas, with its merrv mak- ing and gift srivinsr and elad feastintr is Forgetful of self and the things of today; How brightly soever the present may seem over and the new year with its happy The scenes of one's childhood will linger al way. wishes, strong resolutions and bright hopes is upon us, we begin ; to question, are , we The echoes that slumber'd are waken' d tonight, better or happier or kinder: are we. what a Their silvery notes are afloat in the air, year since we liopcd and expected, to be, -- How they ripple and dance in playful delight have we advanced or has time found us To musc delicious of memories rare. just as we were a year ago, with hopes unListen! the vales and th& mountains are teeming satisfied, with It is promises unfulfilled. With melody gushing in rhythms arJckrills, even so for mankind is ever strivimr. ever While we sit enraptur'd over our dreaming. seeking, no matter how much has been The glory of AngelsJs lighting the hills. The sweet contentment of the gained. ' As we sit by the fire so sweetly we dream . : : ' ' ill or r E. B. V f t li o Ttoo ie . great roaring billows, Rolling in from the land far away In the whispering sound of the palm leaves, , Being stirred by the breezes at play- -In the note of the bird as it twitters To its mate that is soaring above: We imagine we hear a fond message From home a sweet message of love. - In theTow, rippling song of the brooklet- n hurrying buzz of th e bee -In the chirp of the cricket at night-fa- ll In the .;,- nneu is worn, wlnle the .borders frequently iaae ana shrink. I recall a very handsome table set with a border of fans. It was the best, linen and lasted for years, but after the first washing it was a continual worry to the owner, for the border was so shrunken that it looked like a drawing string had been run through to make it fit the table. This lady always avoids colored borders now though she admits, all of them do not ' shrink. .... . Every body nowadays is in such a rush, for it is so short a time until the opening of the World's Fair, and of course every one belongs to some club or is on some committee, and so nany little kindnesses we used to do are now neglected if not And the little child and. the aged , and the invalid who f often bad the morning brightened by a pleasant call, a ' nrettv re an invitation to dine or membrance, some other little attention now waits in vain, for the thoughtful friend has so many engagements andjs soerybusyishe. neverJias.. time for anything, and yet do we not have all the time there is and if in the hurrying and worrying we sometimes stop and throw a kiss, with a thought to those less busy, because unable ones how much happier we make ourselves and them. This is a time, however, when in the course of human events it becomes necessary "excuse the familiar quotation" that all who are able should be up and doing and hustle up a little, so to speak, for within a very short time now, the eyes of the world will be upon us and it behooves us all to do ourselves proud.. We must forget now all differences of opinion socially, pol itically and1religiously, and remember only that we are Americans bound together by one great love our country's love protected by that country's In almost every state, territory, flag. county, city, township, village all over this broad land are men and women planning and working for the great fair.. What a glorious; result the whole will be, if each individual strives to do the best. ; Such perfection, such excellence is incompre hensible and nothing but a trip to Chicago ft ' , Dtror .... -fo- ; rgotten. ; -- . ; s -- ps if . : 1 echoeTlromover the sea In the patter iof rain-droso gehUe,Vvf Which the clouds in their mercy let through: In fancy we hear r,T loving voices CallrA glad, merry XfMmSl On the beautiful gold of the moon beams On the soft, fleecy clouds, in the sky ,0r? ondthemU.- uthat lies smiling-be- On the stars that are beaming on high" ' ... the" ng-before found in these days and few are they; the burden of whose song can be "I envy no body no not I and nobody envies me," yet we aU think contentment is a happy giit, wiiy 11u1. 31.11vc iu uuuiiu it. ij.uju that, the new year's resolution. With the first month of the year the busy housewife is in somewhat of a quandary what to do. There is a lull in the home after all the holiday festivities, and it is far too early to make preparations towards the spring sewing. In the -l-arge cities-an- d perhaps in the west also during tlnsmonth will causeonetQrealize.-4he-niarvelougreatness of his country ' or the raoid evo- Teryrfine'tMrpSnrnTmadeTn linen and Llutions oflthe century jliisJsctLexcell There are so many new books now that linen closet. Repair by that tedious labor all one's time might be spent in reading and the old linen to determine how long it might last, before then not the half be read, so the busy ones making new purchases. In linen as in almost Laxe to.cmt all'goods it pays one to buy as good quality ing the reviews in the magazines and newsas the purse can possibly afford. Of course papers and in fact that is a very good way -unless it IS7 something the dainty linen with handsome enbroidery to read JvonderM;pxunstm anddTawnworkr is or should be beyond the means of all. the silly novels of today is time wasted, a -- FANCY'S GREETING. col A rstr -lo- . e the voices of night in the inds and the waves, -- j:qmbingrJtbecQmesahin ... i . May the pictures that smile from their hangings, MEMORY'S DREAM. so they-4ast-not-ha- lf - . No. 13. 1893. save the very rich, for they are an unnecessary luxury and look no better, while . In the voice of the of all Nations. dnIBanrtovr"air a-b- ookj ;." ; 