WOMAN'S By this tyrannical and often sive answer the day of Independence was y brought nearer, liy. the middle of Febru ary the American army had increased to fourteen thousand men and Washington felt himsell- - strong enough to assault the May it had been hoped that enemy. Until n. "ii: .1 frrr itu uic xuutner uie uiun-ucountry ' mnditions. ii:"'ir it be could - satisfactorily adjusted without breaking allegiance to the British crown: but alter witnessing the terrible- - prepara tionsior r made by Great Britain the 'sentiment of disloyalty spread with on alarming rapidity; finally , the 7U1 of Tune 1776, Richard Henry Lee of Virginia. o f offered a resolution in Congress declarirur O that the United Colonies are. and of rip-hought to be free and Independent States. that they are absolved ironi all allegianpe to the British crown, and that all political connection between them and Great Britain is and ought to be dissolved. Thomas was made chairman of a committee to prepare a more elaborate and formal declaration. The 'members were Tohn -Adams, Benjamin Franklin, Roger Sherman and Robert B. Livingston. - The special work of preparing the oaoer was given to Jefferson and Adams, the. great document was accordingly produced in Jefferson's hands with a few interlininers bv Adams and Franklin. ., The discussion was continued fcr several days and at two p.m. on the atternoon 01 that memorable dav the 4th of July, the Declaration of Ameri can Independence was adopted by unani " w-a- w J , KJ t Jef-ferso- u mous vote. All day Ion? the old bell man of the State House had stood in the steeple ready to sound, the note of freedom to the city and nation . . As the. hours went bv he o?rev dis ' the v couraeed and said . - - - will-nevr- rln. out and shouted at the top of his voice "Ring! ring!'' and. the it, LLJusLtliea adad-ra- n agea veteran did nncr as lie ueiore; everywhere tne declaration was re- - ceived with enthusiasm. tne.-tuitr'- - T ferior 1 . 4 nflR starm 5 vium.-t- n came to xiic iavc, tiie rescue. From the day that Baron a otuben, veteran soldier, and disciplinarian from the army of Frederick the Great entered the army there was a marked improvement in the condition and discipline of the soldiers. The American regulars 'were never again beaten when confronted the British in equal numbers: In November 1776 Arthur Lee and Benjamin rnkhV were appointed : by Congress to uc;Otiate n IT nnn-trtv rsf fri o rnr clu" r wi f Ti peculiar lustre. No nation evnr.'W Vklk ambassador of Greater wisdom In 1778 a treaty was concluded when France and States entered Juto relations of reciprocal friendship. In America the news of the new alliance was received with great rejoicing; inKndand with vindictive In 1778. George third became will- anger. -. .. treat with his American ingto subjects. ;that the colonies Everything' plnWd-iv ff J W ceded. Comuussioners were sent to America but Congress informed them that not hi tier but an express acknowledgement of th independence of the United States would now be accepted. In Tulv of 17S0 a FrenoK squadron and six thousand bud trcons ar rived to aid the poor Uiscou raged men of tfce American army. Washjngi ton and Rochambeau together nlanned for future campaigns. In July 1780 the country was shocked by the rumor , that Benedict Aruold had turned traitor, and the news though hardly credible was true. The brave, rash man who on behalf of the patriot cause had suffered untold hardships. and shed his blood on more fields than one. had blotted the record of his heroism with a deed of treason. Plans were laid for his capture but he escaped the penalty, while young Mr. Andre through- whom the correspondence had .been kept up was taken and executed. In the opening of the year 1 70 1 the condition ot the armv was desner. "X ate, no food, no pay, no clothing; .but on the 19th ot Uctober that same year through the united enorts of the two great leaders, Washington and Lafayette, Cornwallis the great English general was fciken, which virtually ended the war of the Revolution. When the news reached Philadelphia, the members - of Congress assembled and' the dispatch was read from v asninpant!z!Th members exulting and weeping for lad in concourse with t to w, itwas .SfichrJUgNo ot Dr. shone Franklin, 7 To be always amiable; content, and AAU-- the-Uinte- . a A - ... i, . half-starve- d : . Christian character. No human fiice is exactly the same in its j lilies on each side; no leaf is perfect in its lobes, and no branch in its symmetry. All admit irregularity, as they imply change. To banish imperfections is to destroy ex- pression, to check exertion, to paralvze All things are better, lovelier,, vitality. and more beloved for the iin perfections which have been divinely appoiuted, that the law of human, life may Ce effort, and the law of human judgment may be mercy. . Ruskin. Married in white, you have chosen all right, Married in gray, you will go far away, Married in black, you will wish yourself back. Married in red, you will wish yourself dead.' Married in green, ashamed to be seen, Married in blue, he will always be true. Married in yenow, asnamed ol your leilow. Married in brown, you will live out of town, Married in pink, your spirits will sink. - the-citizen- : tHat-th- e- with - , AN OLD, OLD RHYME. . ness-wen- TO LITTLE TEMPLETON BENNETT. the Dutch Lutheranrhurcrr'mid th afternoon into a thanksgiving. The note of rejoicing sounded through the length and breadth of the laud. On the 30th of November 1782 articles of peace were agreed to and signed on the part 01 Great Bntian by Oswald, and on behalf of the United States by Franklin, Adams, Jay and Laurens. In the following April the terms were ratified by Congress, but it was not until the 3rd of November 178 that a final treaty was ehected between all the nations that had been at war. On that day the ambassadors of Holland. Spain England. France and the United States, in a solemn conference at Paris, agreed to and signed the articles of a permanent peace. The terms of the treaty of '1783 wrere brief ly these: A full and complete recognition 01 the independence ot the U mted btates, the recession by Great Britianof Plorida to Spain, the surrender of all the remaining territory east of the Mississippi and the lakes to the United btates, the tree navigation of the Mississippi and the Jake-- by Ajtnehcan vessels, the concession of mutual rights in the Newlounland hshenes,and the retention bv Gfet Britian of Canada and Nova Scotia- with the exclusive control of the SL'Xawrence. Such in brief is the histonr of the great struggle of the Ameri rare' Cannot boast -- , - can colonies for independence. MISCEIXANEOUS. ' ;v . ; ., hdQ3jy5.sl.Uood,.. No no, Zion's babes born heirs to the Throne, Who can compare with .them, ahj there are none If early they are taught in their fresh rosy, youth. To walk in the path of the beautiful truth. . Dear little Templeton guileless and sweet. May angels ere guard thy tender feet Crowning thy life with the purest of love, Enriching thy mind with bright gems from above So that like the fragrant flowers That bloom to gladden this earth of ours So may thy life with beauty and richness glow; Life with good deeds, and blessings here below. . Mrs. S. Stock. We acknowledge with sincere thanks thp gift of a handsome souvenir , of the Columbian year sent us from San Francisco;" An illustrated poem entitled "La Hulnda a California Columbian Souvenir. There is a picture of the convent on the cover and the engravings are first the convent. then Columbus beseeching the monk at the door -- , Jstretchedoii carnage. daesiot-alwa- y.A.,--.----------- -- ride- - in a the-- -- ground near by half famished, third the court scene of the Queen Isabella of Castile and her courtiers etc. , the ship Santa Maria leaving Palos, sails hoisted, the on shore ,waving adieux, while the people , , ' i t.1'. 'it rnest m uiebsmg mm wun outstretched arms. Columbus on the sea. Columbus landing in the tropics, his return, Columbus taken prisoner, the old priest Juan Perez. It is a beautituiiy written poem and the illustrations are excellent ";jThef:press: T 1- . -? 1 have seen "gtveTMiss Mary Lamnotices bert the author great praises It is indeed : Jl ArriKJCSS .;...,.'...,. bfaj weljlit. comparer in Born a Temple, A. ; - Lo in the Temple, Holy shrine Was born an infant boy, divine His sacred place of birth Might well be envied by the nobles of the earth. Who with all their titles, wealth and splendor " s lov- - Aug inthe home, where there-i-s 110 motive for assuming, virtues that do not exist, is to give the most conclusive proof of true d M .; 15 , arms muaaeionia were, torn down and burned in the street, at Williamsburg, Charleston, and Savannah there were bonfires and illuminations, at Bosfonthe Declaration was read in Fanuil Hall while the cannon fronrFort Hill and Dorchester shook the city of the Puritans At New York the populace pulled down the leaden statue of George third and cast it in to bullets. Washington received the mes sage with joy and ordered the declaration to oe read at the head of each brigade. Former suffering and- future peril were alike forgotten in the general rejoicing. It is impossible to sive a detailed account of the. events of the great war, with the sue cesses and reverses attending the grand. brave men coinoosimr the armv. But riht here let me say that many of Washington's f were Drought about by cvcibcana aeieats "stubbornness and disobedience of his inxvi . EXPONENT. -- worthy of high commeatioii; 