woman's exponent; 56 may name especially the legal position of wives, woman's right to gain her bread, woman's situation in public life, the legal position of illegitimate children and their mothers, the cause of maid servants, and the moral question. Both by discussing separately with the members of our Parliament and by sending petitions to Government and Parliament we supported different bills, of which two were made laws: Ifirst, the proposition as to amelioration of the position of illegitimate children and their mothers,' and second, inspection of the treatment of foster children. r It cannot be doubted that we have done a considerable share in bringing about the altered public opinion, which has in the later years manitested itself. We have not, however, any more than in other countries' succeeding in organizing the friends of the cause to a compact- - unity. New societies were formed, both in the capital and in the provinces, some of which did not conform with the society at Copenhagen, and in discussions occasioned by this, serious - differences of opinion within the society itself were manifested and partly 'checkedits working. So in 1887, a great common meeting was summoned by some members, who wanted to have annihilated that paragraph of the laws, which started the exigence of equalization. The direction thought it right to' 'give way to the majority in order not to hurt practical work, which more impor. was going on and considered tant. Some months after, an extraordinary meeting was held f- which wanted the direction to promise to stop the debating of the moral equalization of men and women as something beyond the aims of the society. The direction, however, maintained that free discussion of everything touching the interests of women, the moral question too, is a vital condition for the society This opinion was strongly supported by the The second majority of the; members. proposition of the opposition was that the society should chiefly work for practical aims. With this the direction could perfectly well conform, this being in reality its own point of view. By opening a bureau for the hiring of maid servants we tried to make better the situation of maid servants, who often suffered bad treatment at unauthorized hir- ' . 1. fc i J tug vjxnca, auu sum uuiics nave, ill cun- . sequence of our exertions," been abolished. By a bureau of engagement for other women such as governesses, housekeepers, etc. and bythe openingof a bureau, which" gives advice and explanations, practical and legal, we have also tried to support women. A fund has been founded in memory of Mrs. Rovsing (one of the directors) with the aim of giving professional training to young women. Besides, we have worked with mor or less success to open new situations to women farming, horticulture, stenography, etc. A; committee has made plans for teaching cooking to girls in common schools, and we now wait for the resolution of the school authorities in this matter. ' r Another committee has under-' " taKen careitu inquiries as to the economical situation of working women of every kind in Copenhagen. For the present we want to form a professional school for seamstresses. By lectures about the human body, by a book about 'rational dress' 'and by occasionally exhibiting models of dresses, we have also worked for the development of woman's health and power to work, . : : y - -- . cc. ? , - m W m -- As to greater reforms in legislature, the society considers woman's acquirement of municipal rights to be the most pressing. A petition to Government and Parliament, signed by more than 20,000 women all over the country, has been sent in, and we have tried by interpellations at elections, by discussions in our monthly 'Review, and by public meetings to keep the interest awake as to this and other reforms, because we think that, the time cannot be far off when the place in society, which theoretically cannot any more be denied to woman, will in v reality be given her. .Women, however, form as yet a class of proletaries in society, and it is a hard task to carry on the cause of proletqries. But, we must arm ourselves with patience among other qualities; Twenty years "are but a small space of time in a Society's history oil ' development. Some traces ' Danish Society of Women"" has. left through these years, and besides, work of this .kind will have more effect than can be directiy estimated. Our society exists and is one among the working powers; and to the 'future we look ior the- - further "development of Us.; liigh y . aims and lofty aspirations. ' v" Editor Exponent. . IT becomes .our painful "duty to chronicle the death of another of our beloved sisters. Siskr Heietta M. Anderson, wife of" Peter Anderson who departed this life August 1st, 1893. Sister Anderson was born March 6th, 181S, in Wielle Socken, Denmark, was baptized May 20 1S53 and emigrated to Utah the same year: she was the mother of four children three of whom awaited her on the other shore. She was aeaehr in the Relief Socieiy, kind to the sick and afflicted, charitable to the poor ' and a true and faithful friend to all. She was an earnest worker in the Relief Society as laiig as she was able. She leaves a husband One son., and a host of friends to mourn her loss. She died as she had lived a true Saint in the hone c . 01 a glorious reMjrrtcuun. Jane BAiLEY.Presfdent. Ann M. Hardy," Sec. .Mororr, Snnpele Co. Utah. Mrs. Lovina Fillmore, who died at her home in Clarence, Erie County, N. .Y. Sept. 3, was born on Aug. 13,, 1787, at a time, when the Federal convention in Philadelphia was drawing'up the constitution of the United States. She was two years old when George .Washington was installed as the first president; and had ' witnessed the history of the country every since. Her husband, Rev. Glezen FillTIic Apierican Woman's journal. more, was a famous pioneer ' Methodist They were married in 1809, preacher.three years before the second war with Ifnglarid, and he die4 in 1875; thus for ; obituaries: sixty-siyears she served in the arduous Once more the grim moster. death,has paid us .duties of a Methodist itinerant's wife. She a visit and taken from our midst one of our loved was a thrifty housekeeper and manager of sisters.. Sister Elizabeth Carliie was called home to rest after a severe attack of, dropsy lasting the farm and a woman of vigorous niind, about three mo ithjs, at": the age' of seventy-onwho rejoiced in her 106 years. Ex. and. two deceased was -- . . ' " s -- . - - x - e. years months;- .born at - Mission, Nottinghamshire, England, November 22nd, 1822. .'She emigrated with her "family to America in 1849 stopping at Council Bluff-- , till 1852, when she with her family crossed the plains and settled at Provo. In the spring of 1859 they moved to Provo Valley where her husband djed in thefall of that year,;she being Jeft a widow with a family of 'five, experienced considerable hardship in rearing her; family. She was a faithful member of the Relief Society of Heber West Ward also quite active, as a teacher as long as health permitted and seerne'd to take delight in doing good and contributing of her means, for the support of the poor! and needy, and the upbuilding of the Kingdom of God upon the earth', and has now gone to reap the reward promised to the faithful, and mingie with loved ones gone before.- Siie.was the moiher of seven children three of whom survive her, and her posterity numbers seven children, thirty seven grandchildren and four great grandchildren. Peace-t- o her soul. R.K .THOMAS 2fr,28.30and32East 1st SontbSL, - SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading - - - -- H otisr Gash - Retail' Hannah H ARBOuiSec. Cathrine Foreman Prest. io-p- BRADLeY At Moroni.Sanpete Co.. Utah, March 17th, 1893 of paralysis, after an illness of twelve hours, Sister Betsy Bradley wife of Ex. Bishop George W. Bradley, late of this place, born July 4th, 1811, in Clarence, Erie Co. N. Y. She died as she had lived, a faithful Saint, her connection with the Church dates from 1844, in which year she was. baptized, and joined the fortunes, and trials, of the Saints of those days, passing through the trying scenes of Nauvoo, ;he exodus, and toilsome journey across the plains, arriving in Salt Lake City in 1848 in the fall of that year; she was among the pioneers of Sanpete Co. who were called to settle at Manti, passing through all the vicissitudes of the early settlement of that place. She witfi her husband was called to help settle" Nephi, where she resided until i8u--whBrother Bradley was calledihesprinf as leader in settling Moroni, of which place he was made Bishop which office he held, until July 1877, During all of those years Sister Bradley spent a busy, active rst Treasurer, then teacher Jn the Ve,r Relief Society. ; She was the mother of fourteen children, a host oFgrana children, and seven great, great grand children, she leaves many dear friends to mourn her loss. Dear sister rest in peace. Jane BAiLev, President. A. M. Hardy, Sec, , Keeps on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUIPOISE WAISTS, ETC. Dr. ELLIS ; II SHIPP, SURGEOX AND ACCOUCHEUR. Disease of Women a Specialty. Instructions upon these subjects; two classes taught yearly, beginning respectively Oct. 10th and April 10th. Reviews given to former students free of charge, particulars enquire personally or by letter at No. 18 Main St., Salt Lake City. en cl nst'n tivi fllflGGlE c. . shipp, m. D. Will commence her next class in Obstetrics and Nursing about the middle of October. i Office, 34: East 6tli South. TcleIione 383. 0 