WOMAN'S EXPONENT. limit to the power of the. guardian, iur in addition to 'assisting his sister in the institution is also Resident Physician at St.' any word of positive law to protect the Mark's New Hospital,! During the '"exermother. litcises on that occasion Dr. Babcock gave an Wesimply refer to this to show how g tle women have been considered in legisla-tin- Jnteresting talk, explaining, first a history in the pa'st. .... The time has come how- of the work of physical culture; tc. from ever when the higher education of women the Greek period down, then took up tne has brought about many radical changes, work physiologically the different systems,, examinations extant which and many more are needed for the benefit physical of both men and women, and it is our opinion would be the basis of all the work- M iss that the womanly and more humane element Babcock also treated upon this and described if given expression at the ballot box, and the apparatus- which is all new and the 1 st, .mentioned the; pulley'" eventually in the councils of the nation, latest patents first discovered 7 by Dr. D. Aj wilt have ; a salutary effect. Preparatoi y weight system work is always necessary in any important .'Sargent, now of Hazard University, th s system covers about one hundred and fifty undertaking and therefore we earnestly advise the women" of IJtah to ' study different appliances; of which what is comsystmatically, or until they adopt some monly, know as the chest weightisTnosjT method converse together on political matimportant. These appliances are especially ters in their own. locality., town, city or useful as being adapted lo the weakness of " the weak, and the strength of the strong, county. In some of the counties during the past and are essentially importaut.as they can beN two years very creditable work has, been .used for the development and strength ef they have the done Jn clubs --and in- classesunder the particular groups of muscles; ' weight, bridle rowing machine, chest auspices of the county or ward organizations. Do not be discouraged because only stirrup and quarter circle; Uhey have also a few will take hold, it is the few who scat-- . full Germam apparatus for German work, ter the seed for the many. - The farmer sows horizontal and vaulting bar, traveling rings, a small quantity of seed grain, but he reaps flying rings, small and large horizontal ; Indian Clubs, iron and a large harvest, and that harvest feeds a parallel-barswooden dumbbells, wands and rings;, in hungry multitude. work 7 they use all In another issue of this paper will appear some items of the Conventions held gymnastics, except the climbing rope, bein Rich, Utah and Davis counties also cause they consider that the mdst important, the apparatus work being only accessory of the meetings in Spanish Fork and Springville which were very . interesting indeed. the measuring appliances,a complete authro At Spanish Fork the W. S. A. had a pometric. Miss Babcock is assisted by Miss sumptuous dinner prepared for all the Belle Salmon and Miss Mae Taylor both well known in this City, and both attended the members of the Association in that flourishing town, numbering if we recollect rightly, summer school at Harvard this year. ' The in the building are fitted up one hundred and ten besides invited guests, dressing-roomseveral from Provo, and from Salt Lake. entirely new, bath rocm has hot and cold Mesdames Wells and Richards Territorial water (entirely new floor in the main hall) officers. At Springville the meeting was platform nicely fitted up for office and eloexceedingly inteiesting; there were three' cution work. On the evening of the opengentlemen on the program, the Mayor of ing Miss Babcock recited "King Robert with music by Miss Kate Romney, the City, the editor of the Springville Independent and Mr. W. H. Relsev of that Miss Mary Romney rendered a sweet .seleplace. The President - Mrs. S. A . Boyer ction her exquisite voice telling particularly is well on the high notes; and Mr. Hugh enthusiastic worker in thp ran and has kept the association up to a high Dougall gave "The Holy City." He sumuaru noiwuusianaing manyaiscourage-ment- s certainly has a magnificent voice and gives and indifference which are always fine expression to the language of the song. hard to battle with. Miss Babcock's terms of: tuition are reasonable. J . Woman's jExponent. i. EMM ELI NE B. WELLS, Editor. - Editorial Crntriiufr. ANNIB WELLS CANNON Camtlia). in Salt .Lake City, Utah Published Terms: one copjr one year, Ji.oo; one copy six months, 50 cts. , Wo reduction made tor clubs. City papers denv ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $a. p; per month, Svoo. A. liberal dis " count to regular advertisers. . semi-monthl- y, . office, 227 & 228 Constitution Building, Main Street, opposite Z.CM, I. Business hours t"ora 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. ". ": Address all business. communications to Exponent ' -- ' J Entered at the Post econd class matter Salt Lake City. Utah Office . Salt Lake City, in Salt Lake City, Utah, as :J :" ... : December j, 1893.. A FEW SUGGESTIONS. There has" been considerable agitation on the Woman Suffrage subject jn the Tei ritory of late, and there is likely to be more in view of the. prospect that we are perhaps soon to have statehood, when it is firmly believed and ardently desired by a large majority of women citizens, that the ballot so unjustly taken from those to whom it had been given under the laws of the Territory will be restored, with, all the rights and privileges pertaining thereto, making' men and' women equal before the law. Because women are eligible to office does : . not constitute them though one might think it really did,' listening to the arguments brought to bear Against it. It is not such an easy matter for even men to get a nomination, and after that to get office-holde- rs " - - sufficient votes to elect them. Judging from what we know of women they would be much more likely to nominate a man, a good man of course, and vote for him, than one of their own sex consequently women are in no danger of being elected to any office for a long time to come. But we hope and trust the agitation of these political questions will continue, particularly as it is decidedly educational in its tendency, and that is what is needed. The women of this Territory married and single, should try to become somewhat familiar with the laws of Utah, and the political cbnditionsas welLand not neglect: the" Constitution and Declaration of Independence which are really the foundation on which the civil and judicial government of the country is built. JThe laws affecting, women and their rights should be investigated by them and see where they stand, and determine in their own minds whether they are satisfied with such a status or not; Not accept things for granted 'without knowing for themselves and like the woman who had all the rights she wanted on hearing that in her state a husband might bequeathe his children away from the mother, became very Indignant and exclaimed "Why do not all the mothers cry out against such a law?" The answer" given her was in part "People who do not vote pay no attention to the laws until they suffer from them. ' ' The actual text of the law was this. -- - . ; . - " . the-Swedi- sh free-han- d s of-Sicil- y" v EDITORIAL NOTES. The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of this Stake of Zion will he held jaihe Fourteenth ward assembly rooms, in mis city, on Jfnday, Dec. 15th, 1893, meetings commencing at 10 a. m. and at 2 p. m. as usual. As this is an important time and there is much need of relief among the poeple in the several wards, it is ardently desired by the presiding officers of the society that there should be representatives from each branch present to hear the instruction that is likely to be given in reference to the care of the needy that there may be no suffering among the people that can he avoided. A cordial invitation Is also extended to all interested in this benevolent work, and especially to the of the Church, the - presiding Presidency Bishops the presidency of this Stake-o- f Zion and' the of the several wards. 'Evirypersjii authorized by law to make a Bishops r'will, except married women, shall have a right to had the pleasure recently of We attending appoint by his will a guardian or guardians for the opening of Miss Maud May Babcock's his children during their minority." School of Delsarteand Physical Culture in There is not in the statute the di the Social Hall in this clause inT favor of the mother, nor any I there her brother Dr City and of meeting W. Wr Babcock who - - - - PUBLISHER, WOMAN'S EXPONENT, , . THREE QUARTERS OF A CENTURY. On the 20th of November a very successful party, a sort of ovation was given to President M. Isabella Home by a committee of ladies' and the officers of the branches of the Relief Society in Salt Lake anniverCounty, it was the seventy-fiftsary of her birthday. Mrs Home has lived thiee quarters of a century and merits by her faithfulness and endeavors for good, in the interests of the women of the Territory and of the Church, the utmost honor and appreciation of those with whom she has labored so long and diligently. Theparty was held in the 14th, Ward The: Assembly Rooms in the afternoon. room 'was decorated with flags and banners, a handsome carpet and easy chairs in the centre of the hall, and on the stand and platform were beautiful flowering: plants and palms and a large century plant fresh from the green house, 'besides bouquets in to vases artistically arranged, and Mrs. Home it was a perfect surprise until about noon of the day; her family however were aware of the preparations that were h 