WOMAN'S - " ; 7fcf of. the Women Vol. 21. SALT CONTENTS: Camelia. Family relations. Richards. Personal Reminiscences. World's Congress of Women. The Woman's "Branch "of the World's Congress Auxiliary Rachel Foster. Avery. Elizabeth. Queen Miscellaneous. Notes and News; Expression of Passing thoughts S.-j- Sorrow." , Editorial: President Woodruff's Editorial Notesr XhVabetii-Howar- d. Party. Poetry: Blessed, are they who sow L. L. I 1 XJ r i 1 T I of Zion, and the Rights LAKE- - CITY, of the Wornen MARCH UTAH, Of harmony, what harroweth now thine ears, . A harsh, discordant damor A shrill cry; That soon the gates may open to the plan And let the cushioned wander prisoner free, To change her fashioned nature for the wild, Aggressive temper of the wilderness! Ah, poor, misguided woman! Keep her true! True to the same old path that all the days, Her sisters have beat hard and wet with tears, Lest eyes as grand as thine be dimm'd with dust, Or crushing whips I scorn might bruise her white " ' of all Nations. I No. 17. 15, 1893. , the spirit of the world's inhabitants that make it good or bad. I know a woman who is very wealthy and lives in a grand home with every luxury, who longs at times, with tears in her eyes and a trembling heart for a dear little home she knew in child-hoowhere the wind blew through the cracks and the frugal supper of bread and milk prepared bv the little mother would be far sweeter now, than the elegant course dinner prepared by her trained servants, many of us are the same, we dream of those humble little homes of our childhood and think them almost heaven if those homes of the past wrere so happy for us, why do we presume that the humble homesoLtoday are. not happy, for-- those- who own them, if the spirit desires hap- d, N ' " LI VI, , sun-light- 's ' TIP ceasing sameness; and it makes one shudder to think of such monotony. It is this desire for constant change that broadens the mind, creates ideas, strengthens the body and develops the soul. I wonder if any of us realize how much happiness there is in this world after all, we read so much about sorrow and poverty and the great institutions erected for the benefit of the suffering, that one almost feels that it is indeed a "sorrowing world" ancLyetevenin the humblest corners, and poorest quarters . there is happiness. It is not half such a bad world after all. It is ness; True to the. mark! Let not her skirts flaunt DaltonV Woman's Sphere Ruby Lamont. Lines round, of Comfort Annie Rowley. Soliliquy Emily And pass the bounds of social creeds and customs; H. Woodmansee. Let not her curious mind unveil the tomes, To read the secrets of God's universe; For He who made them craveth not that she BLESSED ARE THEY WHO SOW. Should love or comprehend them to His glory, Her sweet soft eyes, formed but for love or tears Blessed are they who sow good seed, "Must never sparkle to triumphant truth, Beside all waters fair, Nor have they any need of widened vision, And send abroad the gentle feet Keep down the windows lest the Of oxen and asses there; gold, The verdant landscape or the gleaming stream, Who cause the nigged hills to smile , . The soft blue dome above, the flashing worlds . With fields of waving grain, Allure her soul to happy, upward flight, And clothe with verdure, mile on mile, And she forget her duty, past the mark, The parched and panting plain. The dust would stain her spirit; she might think, Without thine aid or guidance; e'en to Heaven Blessed are they who set the roots She would aspire without thy stronger hand, Of shade-tree- s cool and wide, And prune and nurture pleasant fruits, Trusting, the jade! To Christ, to lead her on 1 Safely and soft through labyrinths of time, : JThat man may.be satisfied; ' ."' Nay,this must never be! Thy part to rule Who train the vine thcHmbs so high Would be forever slighted; love would die, And the vine that creeps so low, A long forgotten art; sweet childhood's smiles 1 And lead, their tender rootlets nigh, Orphaned of mother love, would soon grow old; Refreshing waters' flow. An artist motherrwould forget the babe Blessed are they who dig and hew That nestled, trusting, on her cold, hard breast! Then keep her in the good old trusted track Foundation stone and beam, In which the faithful women of all time And build fair homes for spouses true, Have walked so true before her, why" should Where hearth-fire- s warmly gleam; Who blessings ask on plow and seed, change, On ox and furrowed plain, Come o'er her spirit? L All have gifts alike And call on One to give the meed All woman's gifts; and if she dare to stray Or long for other fields or wider skies, Of sunshine and of rain. Then whip her back with stinging, cruel words. Blessed are ye who thus have done, Ruby Lamont. O Saints of Latter Days, Who ' from the earth your bread have won, And given your Lord the praise; PASSING THOUGHTS. Who troops of sons and daughters rear, From lust and blood-gui- lt free! - If has been a very long tedious winter God will love souls so clean and pure, To all eternity. and one grows tired even of the cheery fire L. L. Daltoh. and the long evenings when the storm Rv -- .v well as in the grandest. It is not the r setting of the gem that renders it brilliant, it ; . Jsthe marguerite is as white and beautiful in its native fields as in the conservatories of the palace. Improvement and advancement are gained more readily by a happy spirit and changes for the better come to those who wait and work not to those wiio wait and idle;- Work, that's the word and that's what brings true, happiness, if among the poor there is so much sorrow, is it not because they have no employment? True charity is to give employment and let each one earn his reward, then there is independence and the independent sonl is certainly the -- . t - Thappiest. It is not the idle man who becomes great. When I was a child I used to" think that geniuses never worked, now I know they . blows out side and we gather round the are the hardest, workers. I thought that and molasses Burns could write his poems without an hearth, and eat effort and never needed., to study or work candy and tell stories and sing songs, for to gain:the praise of the wprldr but; afterAvinten nas trespassed so far . on to the would wards learned he had a pretty hard time n be spring time that, in truth, the is Qne the molasses fag'- is- empty andjthe J "gain that praise, arid afterlhisJiariiilylstock of stories and songs are well nigh ex- toll spent many hours studying how to stamp ; hausted and we long for the spring and the his genius on the world. I believed that writers could sit do wn and return of the birds, that new songs may be sung, ''new stories learned, tew'cfopSraised write:rn6vels without any trouble at all to replenish the stores for another winter. imagine my surprise when I read that Lew So it is, one always seeks and longs for Wallace was seven years writing "Ben Hur" and yet the work is wrorth those change. Are we never satisfied? The seven years labor arid the author's genius wealthy seek more wealth, the wise more pop-cor- n Written for the Exponent: - WOMAN'S SPHERE. ATIRE, Yes brother, she's a woman; see thou to it That she keep faithfully along the track, The beaten track of ages; be' it narr ow, What doth it matter if it is beateu hard, And clean and dustless If she move an inch This way or that, then might she serve thee less; For see, she might look upward to the stars, And wonder at the greatness of the sky, fiance to snnnk: beneath the load 01 care, JEhatjraakihecfiel ihe might grow dustv with a hieher sense, And thy wants- be forgot! Instead of chords, - pop-cor- - -- .msdorn Vvnrirl would be. if all were content to sit hitfsrrrnirh .:shmeshiPugheve ' 7 upon us but leaves us to employ those tiftsr-trtrrsdv- es lnalter- - much' a man may have. it is ' his native trying to change. There then would be no work ingenius br advancement: no improvement but a never ... 0 (4 