WOMAN'S EXPONENT 1,1 TO MY SISTER. 1 was then populated only by the disciples of' JJngham Youne. Probahiv th tiiriof lie tinguished 'woman; of the was Mrs. Ziua D. H. Young, one of the' surviving widows of the leader of the Mormons: To an immense (rnthur women she delivered a brief nrMw it, r and the women of the tergard to Utah ' Like a bird that is reared in a cozy wee nest And forsakes it to build another You are leaving dear parents, the kindest and best, You are leaving: fond sisters and brother. You are leaving the home of your childhood so 1 . dear With a trust in your heart that dispels every fear; or hasjiot the man who will make you his wife Often vowed that he'd love and protect' you ; through life? men. For this vow and this love you are leaving your home, As the bird flits away to its bower, To the nest where it fancies no sorrow can come To intrude on its joy lor an hour: You will go to a home which your love will pre. pare 4 All his trials and burdens of life you will share All his joys will be yours all his hopes swell your heart, Vice-Presiden- . f All his doth richly abound: And labors are lightened, and sorrow and dread Lose much of their, sting from kind words that -- - are said. are now going home to your own home, you see, While the home of your mother you're leaving; And there and free, isn't a doubt that your mind, young . Young- first encouraged women to write for the Deseret News, a newspaper es tablished by the church 1850. The old Mormon leader also founded a theatre, which is still the leading play-hous- e of Salt I,ake Bright dreams of the future May each happy vision Be but a forerunner of is weaving, secure. Alofa. What the Chicago Daily Tribune of said ot the Department Meeting of Utah Women held in the Art Palace in mntiprtinti with thf World's Congress of Women. Representative i93, the ; TELL OF THEIR WESTERN LIFE. Early Women Settlers of Utah Meet and Relate Their Experience. Women who, in the pioneer days, crossed uarren plains and alter trials, hardships, and adventures reached America's7 Dead seathe Great Salt Lake were an important factor yesterday in the Women's Con-- . . -- City, in order that women niieht improve themselves in dramatic art. For years a local stock company played in, the house. a. The speaker further referred to books that have been written by both the women who went to Utah and those who are natives of . the Territory. This was in line with a paper, ' Amuse- - Mormons, and in pathetic tones and l.fegnagaekte.do tlieir Stripes. - , , You have heard some of the experiences of our mothers in the early days; what a happy change now surrounds them in their advancing years. Their natural environments are nnsurpassed for health, beauty, and sublimity. In the early days what were known as portions of the great American desert now bear the name of the beautiful,; valleys of the mountains. The combination of climatic influences, g and is nowhere surpassed on the face of the globe. With all that wealth and civilization can give for the advancement of science, literature, and art, what may we not expect of the native born daughters of this glorious land? High tribute we pay to our noble pioneer mothers. did the arduous formative work and laid theThey foundation upon which their daughters will rear a superstructure that the world will recognize. health-inspirin- ; Attainments of western women. Young Ladies' National Improvement Association Holds Its First Session;- The department congress of the Young Ladies' National Mutual Improvement Association held its first session last night in Hall No. 7. The proceedings of the session' were interspersed with music by a woman's quartet composed of Mrs May 7 Talmage; 7" Miss Mary Roiuney, Mrs. Minnie J. Snow, and Miss May Preston. After, a few preliminary remarks by the PresidentrElminar Mrs.-DavSi- -' read-b- v STTflyTor; an address on 'Literature and Nellie Little of Salt Lake City. There Art" was delivered by Mrs. May Talmage was no dearth of amusements, she con of Salt Lake City. She said most -- of the cluded, from the diversity of social enter-- ' noted writers of Utah were tainmants then extant. In substance she but had become famous in literature. - The ' ': . said: young women had received their musical des- Prior to 1870 Utah was an isolated reeion. ' j means training in the Territory, but many of them ifu nf tailmarta. and with hut mMPTP other States and Terri- - were vocalists who could no longer be of communication with s:.:- i Thev had irained inest? uuuuiuiib jurccu.i ns peopie iu classed as amateurs. lories. rri fnr fenlnS rolw thfirmvn . which nlfa;nrp. invrpntivp O were indeed enviable. reputations J imnn MJVti v. w. w The mammoth celebrations and picnics of early In painting, 7 designing, and the like they days are memoraoie occasions, ana lor unique compared favorably with the women of display and profuse decoration have never since the East, arid were real artists. The ideas been eclipsed. The first of these was given in and sentiments of those Western girls, the music, 1849 in tne Old Bowery. patriotic speeches,followed by a delightful repast, speaker said, were lofty and noble, and the w UlC Ui SUIIIC itaiutvo Were agCCiiiW young women were encouraged toi their The numerous attractions of the Wasatch lure best efforts. The addresses were as follows: o tut vv.v.uciii.j j The custom of camping out has become so uni-- . The Ultimatum of Human Life," by Miss vefsal, that the cities and towns during the sumLaura Hyde; Legal and Political Status of Utah mer months resemble Goldsmith's "Deserted lv . self-educate- d, ; " ww 1 ; Soul-inspiri- ng .... UTAH WOMEN IN CHICAGO. wen V f presented to view, that which is true: And may ail that on earth you are called ; to endure Make your home up in heaven, just doubly ay 2om, - Brig-ha- m - ; Mrs. Sarah 8. mehts-drihe-Ear- You w Treasurer, Mrs. Mary Isabella Home. "Pioneer Women of Utah. ' ' covering the period of i 8a7-'awas a on talked Mrs. Home. subject by She talked of adventures and hardships in reaching Utah in the early days' by ox teams, and told of the people's relieion and ' their relief Work. Following: her Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells made a talk on "Western Women. Authors and Journalists. ' ' Considering the population of the territory, the speaker said Utah had more If terafy and musically inclined women than any of the older settled States. .. When love at the fireside Airs. Bathshehn Vice-Preside- nt, Wells; When the husband is honest.the helpmeet is true 1 . ' I die yuu aim ilme man you are weaaing, It is likely you both will in safety get through The rough thorny pathway we're treading, For beauty and pleasure are everwhere found, - . r: M. Kimball; Secretary, Mrs. Emmeline B. will, A place for disputes, harshness, hate and all ill f t, Smith; Third soul's disappointments of yours be a A Its President is Mrs. Yon Mrs.. Jane S. Richards; econa-vice-rresident- part. Should the home he may give you be palace or ' cot' It is yours to convert to a heaven, You can make it the happiest, pleasantest spot That to mortal on earth has been given, Can make it a refuge from Sorrow and care, Can make it a safeguard from every snare You can make that same home the reverse, if you - esfthe pioneer women of the Territory and the native born daughters of that region. The pioneer women and leaders of the National Woman's Relief society of Utah are of distinct New Utah England type of character. Some early-da- y women were of a decided Hebraic type.. In following out the migrating instinct of their forefathers these enrlv-riAwnmpn of Utah HiH tint forget the principles for which so much had been " sacrificed to establish religious toleration on thc -free soil of America, for when they had reached the end of their journey they proved their, pa ritory. . The department conoress of th "Matinnni Woman's Relief Society was held'in hall triotism and loyalty by iallying aronnd their husbands and sons while they raised the Stars No. 7. The society's officers are TTtMi w and f ; 170 re- - experteace-- f . 1 j ' Village." 1IC vii aula uau " :::'"n: " uaj is ciety. Its beneficial effect, ia . a literary sense, is of inestimable, The early , Utonian drama sohistorical importance, as it characterizes the cial conditionof the people at that time,T From 1800 to 1 570 tne ueseret uramciiu. nm.irtuuu . nau us umuipiioi iv.6... uished for its literary and artistic activity. X . tx XXliUUAAVA : PAMKOV'S ADDRESS. viuiuvw. ; j Dr. - ' Martha deHughes Cannon of Salt Lake City, Wo- of Utah t livered an address on "Types rv i men." The; presiding omcer statea' inai Mrs." Cannon was between the age of 16 and 21, when a printer on the Woman's 1 m case she educated herself. 1 J Mrs. Cannon Women'Vbv Mrs. Emily S. Richards; "Motherhood, ' by Mrs. Martha H Tingey; "Our Girls," by Mrs. Minnie J. Snow; Education of Women," by Miss Julia Farnsworth. Charres Egbisrt Craddock - - au-fll- S Jhe Ja.res$,,Jfe. bestows uMn .hislrienik , The delegation from Utah represents tvvo class- - (Miss Murfree) has completed a new novel, entitled "His Vanished Star."; Mr. Eugene Field has been formally dubbed Master of Arts. To his heirs and posterity the sealed document may be of value, butjto his contemporaries Mr. Field has long been known as Past Grand Master of many arts. He can weave stories like cloth of old and he ran nln v urmri iuc pija ui xun, uui. ucinl glllS IS Irom out his master! ul lieajt 