WOMAN'S! EXPONENT. Towed himself to " , 7 take ho repose, they were im.... saluted by a large stone, discharged by a sentinel from the battlements, which, ' glancing near Ferdinand's head had well-nig- h brought his rctaiantic enterprise to a tragical conclusion; when his voice was recognized by his friends within and he was ea a-peat- . , . their 1 - assurances of loyal subinission,accompanying the message with such extracts from articles of as would be most likely to conciliatemarriage him. Ferdinand and his consort in their little court were so poor as to be scarcely capable of defraying the ordinary" charges received with great joy, the remainder of of their table.; The death -- of- Henrv-- W his journey, which he commenced befor e- - (which took place on the niglit of Dec. 1 1 dawn was performed under the convoy of a 1474 brought well armed escort and on the 9lhofLQct proclaimed queen on the 13th Dec. kingdom of Eeon. The in Segovia where she then resided, with1474 the news of Ferdinand's arrival diffused univer solemnities usual on snrh sal joy in the little court of Isabella at Ferdinand s arrival from. Aragon, where Valladolid. Her first step was to send word he was at the time of Henrys death staying to her brother Henry informing him of the occupied with war, a disagreeable dispresence of the prince in his dominions and cussion took place in regard to the respecof their intended marriage. She excused tive authority to be husband the enjoyed by the course she had taken by the embarrassand wife in the. administration of lhe ments in which she had been involved by government. Ferdinand's relatives conthe malice of he'r enemies. ' She represented tended that the crown of Castile and of the advantages of the connection and the course the exclusive sovereignty was limi sanction it had received from the Castilian ted to hinras the nearest iie-xeachc- 03 and on June 23, 1516 he breathed his, last in a wretched little house belonging to some friars. He died so poor that he left scarcely. money enough- - to defray the expenses of his funeral. His body was laid by the side of Isabella in the monastery of Jhe Alhambra. The character "of Ferdinand is said to -- -- Contrast most -- 1l nfnvnrriflv with flint nf IsabellaTshbeTng pure, constant and de- voted to the interests of her people while he proved himself unworthy of her by indulging in many of the vices too generally sanctioned by the age. It is said his death was hastened by a portion which in his desire for posterity he had taken to his exhausted constitution. We naturally turn from these gloomy last days to the brighter season of his life, as we find much in him to admire when he sat with Isabella on the united thrones of d-tne - -- -La- lirilie love;ot stiie-and-Aragon-slrmrg his own subjects and in the fear and respect of his enemies. lidblesudsheconclirded with soliciting his of the house of Trastamara. Isabella's approbation of it, giving him at the same friends on the other hand insisted that these time affectionate assurances of the most rights belonged solely to her as the lawful dutiful submission both on the part of Ferdheir and proprietor of the kingdom. It W. S. A. SAIyT LAKE CO. inand and herself. Arrangements were J was finally decided by arbitration that 'then made for an interview, between the Isabella, being sole heir of these domin Tim Salt Eake Co. W. S. A. held an ions, in which some of the courtiers whatever authority Ferdinand annual convention in the 13th Ward Asroyal pair might postried to persuade their mistress to require sess could be obtained only through her, so sembly rooms, Nov 15th, .1892, President some act of homage from Ferdinand in a toka settlement was made on the basis of the Elizabeth Howard in the chair. Opened en of the inferiority of the crown of Aragon original marriage documents. Ferdinand, by singing "Help the working women,- -' to that of Castile, a proposition which she it is said, was so much dissatisfied with an Prayer .by Sarah B. Phelps, Singing ,: rejected with her usual discretion. Acord- - arrangement which Vested the essential "Awake O ye daughters etc." Minutes of " ingly Ferdinand passed privately to rights of sovereignty in his consort, that he the previous meeting read, amended, and Valladolid and was conducted to the apartt. threatened to return to Arasron. but Isabella approved. Roll called. Territorial, ment of his mistress. Here follows a desC. E. Dye, .and" Vice Prest. P. C. reminded him - that this ppwer was rather cription of Ferdinand, now in his 1 8th, year nominal than real that their interests were Young made some remarks in relation to the "his complexion was fair, though somewhat inseparable-r-th- at is will would be hers election of officers for the ensuing: year. bronzed by constant exposure to the sun; aid that the t. EmilyCS, RickaBla principle of the exclusion of Territorial his eye quick and cheerful; his forehead am-- . iernaies the"diair occupied during the election- of iromin pleand approach "established, would disqualify, their only omcers, which was done by ballot in a very cular and frame was inchild, who was; a daughter..: By these and quiet and orderlyrinannerand resulted in vigorated by the toils of war and by; the similar arguments 'the queen succeeded in the election of the following named omcers. chivalrous exercises in which he delighted. soothing her offended husband without Nellie Cojbroqk jraylorJCor-Presideiitris- tr t. He was one of the best horsemen in Jiis .compromising the prerogatives of her crown. Adella W. Eardley, 2nd t. - court, and excelled infield sports of every t. Elizabeth M. Price, 3rd The first years of their reign "were " E. McFarlane, Maggie Bassett Sec'y, and kind. His voice was somewhat sharp, but clouded by civil dissensions intro-- . they he possessed a fluent eloquence and when he duced into their gillie T. Freeze Treas. Ex. Com. Phebe kingdom a whole plan of C. had a point to carry, his "address was reform the war of? Granada, its Young, Mary A. Irvine, Mary P. Silver, seige and ' courteous and even insinuating. He secursurrender were occupying the attention of Elizabeth McCune, Mary A. Freeze, Mary r rUf ed his health by extreme temperance m his - their Dr. S. E. 7: Bassett, Barney. majesties at the time Columbus made" Mrs. Richards moved.a vote of thanks to diet and by such habits of activity that it his application, to the court, and was no " g ofiicers for their services, the was said he seemed to find repose in busi- . doubt one of the causes of Ferdinand's ' which motion was put to the house and carness. ' (Isabella was a year older than her indifference to his enterprise. One of. the ried.' The Sec. read the yearly report She-waslover exV unhappy features of the reign 'was the ceedingly beautiful, "the handsomest lady," establishment of the inquisihon Ferdinand which was amended and approved. Treasays one of her household, "whom I ever succeeded (at the instigation of some of his surer Dr. E. S. Barney read the yearly financial report, also amended and accepted. beheld and the most gracious in her manreligious advisors) in influencing Isabella Mrs Richards urged upon the ladies the nersdignified and modest ;to a degree of arid gaining her consent thereto which is reserve. said to be an error so grave as to give a importance of renewing their memberships, and spoke upon some World's Fair matters. The interview lasted more than two hours sinister expression to her otherwise un' 25 ladies came forward and had their names when Ferdinand retired to his quarters as blemished character.. enrolled as members, and the meeting stood Dec. 7th, 1492 iattemptjvaSirnade-onL- : privately as he came. The preliminaries of the marriage, however, were first adjustthe life of Ferdinand bv a ruffian who adjourned. C. C. R. Weixs. ed, but so great was the poverty of the aimed a blow at his neck with a knife parties that it was found necessary to bor fortunately however, the edge of the weaprow money to NOTES AND NEWS, defray the expenses of the on was turned bv a eold chain or collar ' which he was in the habit of wearing, and ceremony, : Such were the humiliating cirThf P. C. W. P. A", will shortly issue cumstances attending the commencement his life was saved, Ihough his wound was of a union destined to open the way to the rather severe. His restoration to health an official' bulletin and continue in its highest prosperity and grandeur of the was the occasion of great joy to his people. monthly publication. Spanish monarchy! The marriage between Ferdinand was rnaaRegent on the death ' - Mrs: "James Lawrence of Albany N. Y. Ferdinand and Tsnhf11n wns nnhlirlv rele of Isabella which occurred on Wednesday has published her latest novelPA Heroic nted on the morning of Oct. 19th, in the Novr26th7 1504: "Solne time aTterward he Sinner." , palace of John de Vivero in the presence of contracted a second, marriage which however Eliza. D. Keith (Di Vernon) is now the aboiit 2,000 people. After the, wedding did not prove a happy "one. On the death nf ..his illustrious consort Ferdinand mav accredited correspondent of the Weekly " festivities which lasted about a week.an em ' Journalisrtf Bom6m'''Tbassy be saidt&aveltlifr nwas..de$rtchedbyBerdinandthat time his fortunes were under a cloud, . Mrs. Ni:wiiaix r(Ada Halstead) is . j.sa Delia to Henry to acquaint mm of their Casmarriae-his his disgusted (dramatizing her novel, ''Hazel Verne," and again request proceedings ais approbation of them. :4ad.writin.ganothtworlrbf-iffclion- : tiliariisubjects. . -- -- Vice-Pres- ' Vice-Pres- ' -- well-proportion- ed Vicc-Fres- Vice-Pres- Vice-Pres- : -- out-goin- - - 1 -- - -- -- ..'.. " -- ill-advis- e ed "nrfeH3iIIiti 