WOMAN'S EXPONENT. move prejudice from, the minds of- - the Mrs. Richards and Miss Preston people. both seem to have made a .most favorable impression upon the people with whom associated while at the post they have been We welcome them home, and of duty. trust they may rest and recruit ready for the fall campaign, which is likely to be more of-the numerous attendance-antrying because the state ceremonies on iJ.:L-.-FT- September.- -- d the ninth of -- .y r IBs) handy by her, and which contains a text Each one felt that the. friendship of Sis-te- r Howe was a 'blessing to be highly ; apceedingly pleased, and her faitlfin God's preciated. All felt to congratulate her upcare over her wds refreshed she on her well spent life and when found the text for that youthful appear-- , day was singularly ance, and desired that she might have appropriate to her own needs. She read, many more happy years and continue her or if there be first a willing mind, it is good works and witness their results. accepted according to that a man hath, and-no- t Sister Howe in a few brief remarks ex- -' aCCordmg to that he hath not," 2nd Cor pressed gratitude fortius loving- effort on VIII. 12. the part of her friends, thanked them for who worn with pain, "peaks, "i'.;ihlee their words of love and encouragement, felt-t- o long'sl to use the fettered limb . ' And do thy Master's work appreciate the honor, bestowed upon her Hs well the heart i? nilagain; tn um by those present but felt unworthy of reNot what was done in moments flown ceiving so much. It did her heart good to But what the sufferer longed to do ' hear her sisters say that she had benefitted In many an hour depress'd, alone, When spirits failed, and means were them. Had endeavored, to do good, but few," many times thought that the": endeavor had , These lines mav meet thp pvpc a failed to result in benefit to any one. strengthen the hearts of others, whose con- I. '" ' the sisters boreDuring their remarks ditions are similar to those of Sister Thomp' beautiful testimonies to the truth of the this son;; with are here -hope they. reprol Gosper,-nnd-the " peace: and unity enjoyed . duced. : A pleasing repast was spread, and with- through the influence of the Spirit of God. This spirit pervaded the gathering ..and suitable cliat, partaken of by the hostess each one felt that it was good to be present. and her friends". A With heart-fel- t and mutual blessings, the pleasant feature of the meeting was reading of a poem, 'written for the octhe little company dispersed early in the casion by Sister Eydia D. Alder, and read evening, every one wishing for Sister by her. Mercy, many, many happy returns of the At the close of the meeting delicious re, day. -- - 1 -- SISTER MERCY R. THOMPSON. fifteenth of June, 1893, Sister Mercy Rachel Thompson completed her eighty-sixtyear. A few special friends called on her, and were well repaid for so doing, by listening to recitals of events which transpired in the days of the Prophet With Joseph and his brother Hyrum. of those noble men of both God, Sister was Thompson personally and intimately for a number of years, being associated to Hyrum.And in her, memory and journal are stored many in teresting and -- valuable things, connectedJ with the Church and its leaders in those early times, which it is not only able, but profitable as well, for younger people to hear rehearsed. Indeed, there is no better ways (so I thought while being entertained at Sister Mercy's) for younger members of the Church to pass away an hour or two occasionally, than in the company of those who have had long experience in the service of the Lord and the companionship of His most faithful and enlightened servants. To listen to accounts of scenes and circumstances which occurred in the life of the Prophet, from the lips, of one. who participated in them, "makes a person feel better acquainted withJoseph himself, than reading his written However detailed the writ histQxy.cando. ten account may be, queries will often arise in the mind of the careful reader, which the finished book cannot answer, but the colloquial companion may. With no less competent a listener than Sister Helen Mar Whitney to furnish intelligent and important questions coupled with items from her own store of information, although but a short visit was made to our venerable friend and her genial daughter, ' On the h sister-in-la- . - w : . - . yet, 7 , ; . B.ihi ,vere ihe blossoms shaken, For our gleaning in that fair bower; And ever wjll sweet thoughts' waken, With memories of that hour. Birthday remembrances were brought, or sent to Sister Mercy,strictly in keeping with the beautiful month in which she was born;, fair floral of- being principally, ferings, sweet emblems of lowship of sincere ; the love and feh friends. Among the pleasant and instructive things we heard irom Sister Mercy's lips, a a circumstance in si?P?5ilarIaon her own pHvite rieBe For . some years past, Sister Thompson nas been unable to walk about and render assistance in the Relief Society, and Other positions, in which she formerly worked aithfully and efficiently. This has at lmes ten a severe trial to her, and only a short time ago,' she was feeling sorrowful Ver !t, when she remembered that, al- z " T - giected ta read her : - "Daily Text," which 1 . " -- - -- ' - -- " EULA. - ' t THREE SCORE AND TEN. It was a very pleasant gathering that met at the residence of Sister Julia C. Howe, on the 17th day of June, 1893. That date being, her seventieth birthday. About twenty five of her many friends assembled to do honor to her on the occasion. This party was a complete surprise to Sister Howe. While she was attending the sem monthly m eeting in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, the sisters gathered: ather horne and upon her ' -- : freshments were served by the committee of arrangements, of which all partook with enjoyment. The remainder of the evening was spent in social conversation. All went away feeling that they had enjoyed a feast temporally and spiritually, and that in striving to bless and comfort a dearly loved sister, they had themselves received a blessing. Much credit is due to Sister Howe's counselors in the Primary Association, Sister Phebe Y. Beatie and .ZinnHyde- also to Sister Eydia D. Alder and lizabeth Stevenson who were the promoters and . took- great pleur return 5hei:foundtheni in: possessioif and: "success of the gathering. ' V, herself their honored guest. She was greet We would also add that this same date was . ed with congratulations and good wishes from every, one ..present. While notes of regret for absence, and congratulations were received from several dear friends who were unable e present. The company s made up of old and young. There were present those whom Sister Howe had labored with for many years in the Relief Society, others there were who had been associated with and instructed by her in the Y. E. M. I. A. and still others who, had graduated under her wTatch care from the Primary Association, and were now useful workers in the Y. E. M. I., A., and last but not least were dear friends, whom the Gospel had bound to her and to each other wTitha bond of friendship, so lasting as to extend into eternity. After the first effects of the surprise had subsided a little, the gathering resolved it selfinto a meeting, Sister Lydia D. Alder beReing unanimously chosen chairman. marks were made by the sisters, expressive. to-b- the birthday of Sister M E. Wilcox, who was present and received many jcongratu-lation- s and good wishes. E. I). : . - ' w-a- A , TRIBUTE OF LOVE AND ESTEEM TO MY DEAR FRIEND JULIA C. 110 WE ON HER SEVENTIETH HfRTJlbAY JUNE I7TH, 1,893. Full seventy years ago they say, You first beheld the light of day, On far ofT England's shore; How many changes since that time Have come t that dear heart of thine; Thy love grown more and more. , u PlWflind'go and appreciation of her labors. Mothers spoke with gratitude of the great good Sister Howe had done and was re- doing for their children. Young ladies ferred to the benefit she had been to them as members of the Primary and Y. E. M. I. A. Friends testified , of the peace and comfort she had brought to them in hours , , j j ! ssGciatjoas- - an oWlteSsvei2teeniiy aFO-wer- To Heaven's voice you have been true The youth of Zion pray for you . And love you for your sake, . You've taught them long and faithfully To ever true aud steadfast be And never God forsake. May Heaven's choicest blessings flow j sorrow. ner j several the labors Jn faithful and untiring iBietienr-CKiiess- You' ve seen your friends pass one by one "Beyond the gates," their life work done. Where they look back for you; They watch your daily walk in life Their thoughts with blessing you are rife,' And fall'like heavenly dew. Tn loving you I have been blest Your counsels in my heart will rest, Till time shall be no more, You've given to me your love and tears Throiigh 'manyf'maiiy changing years-G- od love you ever more. e-j I untoypur laithiul heart; And strains Celestial welcome your To never more d.epart-,-;---.. . --- 