WOMAN'S enough to show the piano and the electric machinery; in front the dark blue curtain the music begins to play, the nmu with, the electricity also begins his work; the curtain rises slowly, he, touches one : button after another and the scene is enchanting It in the sunrise the scene is Alps changes again and, again, giving all the delightful lights and shades and finally a tremendous . ' storm of thunder roaring and Jightning realistic then the storm flashing, very t ne- rlears, a wavihe-suns- h lights" upgahT of snow and all the peaks they glow like tne fire in sunset; twiiignt ,comes-oapace, stars the peep out, the moon rises over the mountain tops, and the queen of night holds her reverie of enchantment; J the curtain goes down; the music ceases, and the people go out bewildered into the glaring sunlight of the White City. Our next visit was to the Venetian Glass Works, where we saw the processes of the a very beautiful sight indeed, and after watching1 themi for. some time, went through' the wareroom. to: see the display. One cannot help wishing to buy, if only a gift for a friend, and some pieces are only a trifle but there are so many beautiful things and those who havcorilv- a scanty supply of the needful must come n : , glass-blower- s; -- out empty-hande- d. Again we wander on past the inner gateway of the ;Plaisancei and towards the fountains, and though we pass crowds upon crowds of people, see not one that we ever saw before; the artificial lake with its pretty white swans and flashing' gondolas, and which are always attractive, we pause as we pass to admire, and. then hurry on eager to see more before nightfall, and there is so much to see one knows not, where to turn. However this time I turned - to see - the Frei;ch Marine cafe, .a picturesque building on just at the water's edge all the balconies were the tablesj Xwhitedinen and the music playing, but above it rang out the German chimes and we hastened on towards. v , . ; fluttering-rintheTbreeze- EXPONENT. 175 each in the line of work he or she repreit is dedicated, will take care that it is where sented;, but- the dancing and singing it will ' make 'the best showing. pleased the writer most of all. The Spanish " It is certainly a very beautiful book, and Dance of little Miss Gladys , Theodora with Utah may well be proud of the work, both tambourine, and little Genevia, actress and and artistic. It is excellent in dancer,and Miss Gladys in the "Red, White poetical every respect, , and Blue" dance were the most attractive Miss Jessie Miller, the "California Child was Cornetist," very wonderful. The (Continued from fa&rJZLX both men and singers, "she replied: il As uncouth and illiterate lie we liked best. Miss Laura Lurilp may appear to you,, to me he is a! noble Ha J man. Himself and wife have s Pra"0 proven to pejharjsJ:he4estrthoughriss me many times in my hours of belle Chamberlain has a very rich and adversity pure voice.. Miss Jennie O'Neill and trouble, that they are possessed of Potter after announcing that she would warm, true hearts and noble impulses, both give as an encore, "How Salvator Won of them will always he numbered among the foremost of my circle of friends. the Race," recited pathetically, "Swinging in Ihe Grapevine Swing, ' and You, my dear friend, have yet to learn, "that then, true a friend in need is a friend indeed." to her promise, gave the other in a truly Then with much enthusiasm she porexciting style which elicited loud applause Mrs. Albert Barker, styled "The Bird trayed to me many touching incidents of Songstress," created quite a furore with faithfulness, and acts of true friendship too her extraordinary mimicry of bird notes, sacred to make bare to the public gaze, and which she does not produce with her lips' as I looked upon her, her face seemed far the sounds being of the thorax: it is a re more beautiful as it so plainly portrayed the markable vocalization. She gave as an noble soul within. The lesson sank deep Jnto myJieart, and encore, "The wind and the moon "which k niore extraordinary still. One might I more fully realized that the roughest looking imagine the whistling roaring wind as it diamonds are often the best, I begged my comes in shrill and piercing blasts from the friend'spardon,and after becoming more fully canyons of the Rocky Mountains, and yet acquainted with the family, became one of their warmest friends, and felt the truth of she does it in the most natural "manner, without apparent effort. We must not for the words, "All that glitters is not gold." A few years later I was again visiting at get Miss Helen Mar, the humorous reader : ahd raconteur. Mr. W. P. Mc' Henry, my friend's house in a different part of the baritone, has a superb voice, and Ashton D, country, and under much altered circumGoodrice, improvisator, played the piano stances. Again I was turning over the and whistled bird imitations with much leaves of her album, suddenly I came to "Southern Melodies" by the the photo of a young and beautiful girl, ability. whose well, poised head, and delicate feaVirginia Students was vociferously ap- , womeJiadLiine-mcesnd-it-waseallyhringin- . A mezzo-sopran- o ; . . , ; plauded All the music and other artists were good '' but one cannot go into details, there is ho time save for general ; EDITORIAL NOTES. ; Ger-man- y. It is impossible to tell in one letter what has been seen in the a day or part of a day at Exposition; but after going to the V A. bright French woman is seeking a nomination to the Chamber of Deputies. Of course her election . would not take place even were she nominated, no more than the election of Mrs. Lockwood to the presidency,but ndt long since the women of Frauce scarcely, dared speak on political matters in fear of, banishment and like aaa seen enough for one day, and not once a treatment to that of Madam Da Stael and the face of a friend'after leaving the hotel. Madam Recamer, but thanks to the free V Reaching the Palmer and House, weary institutions of a Republican form of governhungry, we remembered the invitation to ment the French Woman's wit and power the Central Music Hall, where Mrs.- Albert is no longer confined' to the salon but she Barker was to recite, and whom we wished has many public privileges which she uses very much to hear; and so after taking supnot only for the advancement of her own per and reading .jail about Eulalie in the' self, but for the benefit of all . mankind. evening papers,' wended our way to the Thus step by step woman 's sphere is place of amusement. Central Music Hall broadened and her realm will yet embrace is a very handsome a and building inside, the universe. good place to see and hear, we had been WE feel sure the people jDrjJtah jvill M there once before to a Dress Reform meet- pleased to know that the two "pictures sent fashionable dress affair, diamonds were by Miss Kate Wells, of Salt Lake City flashing and jewels gleaming all around. were accepted for the Woman's Building. The organ music was the orchestra and it The Indian Chief colored by her, hangs in a in the gallery upwas excellent. was the opening night very conspicuous place It the right hand of the staircase, so of a, senesf and Mr. Barr; Mcintosh, the stairs, at it is the manager; walon the:prograhi-for(A?'Few that wTheri you turn to the right first in the long line of these beautiful propointed Remarks," and they were certainly of the Pointed. He also read a letter, he stated ductions. The colored photographs tnathe had just received; from the Infanta, six girls is not yet placed but will no doubt he where it can be seen and. admired. The. iwhich was not program) jncludeinithenf nnems. "Sonsrs and Flowers of the w show his lnV countries in foreign standing German building we hastened to the station lest we should not return 'bv the World's atr train with a ten cent ticket for at seven O Clock . trams stnnr, ?atin thesp T of roirrv vp- : ' - . - -- s , : . . i Ile artiste i were all "particularly1 good, g MA AAA ,) - ' Mrs.. Margaret- - Blaine- - Salisbury, to whom tures betbkeiltd culture and refineiheutr To my question:whozis:s " smilinglyepl llielittle immune?' r With much surnrisp T again, gazed upon, the photo, what a wonderful change I mentally, exclaimed, and that interview of so long ago came vividly to mind. , This then was the way she had returned their great kindness in her hour of need. Well knowing her influence, she had used it in every, delicate way possible, so that the little mimic had grown into a beautiful and accomplished young ;ladyrfit to; adorn any - society. v.. . What a grand lesson of faith and true friendship. To me my friend seemed, more beautiful than ever, here indeed was one of nature's own noble women, and since then, as I have seen her in anguish and sorrow, joy and sunshine, as her soul shone forth .in all its grandeur, steadily avoiding all the quick sands of life that might in any wav degrade her pure womanhood, I have felt to thank God that we have such npble women in our midst, those that are worthy of emulation. The hour of midnight is upon ' jneJPeaee be with-you-ai- h the U. W. P. Club by Writtehrfbr Ida Haag. THOUGHTS ABOUT WOMEN, PAST AND PRESENT. , J TiiERiv has been a great deal ; said and written about women of late years; how brave and noble some have been in speaking and lecturing on moral and social and political liberty for women. It is all very, good, but I wonder why . xe-for- m ; ence for Deity in their speaking; and lectur--; ' 