'Mv AM v nn , Vol". 22. -- SALT LAKE CITY.' UTAH, JULY i, AND 15, yv VTrnn - - ' TV 1 w 0 Rights of the Women oj Zlon, and the Rights . of ,he Women of all Nations. , " "I Tn a w r hDA A 1S93. - - V1 - -- h! Icannot find - e7strength:which stiiri "Which, ent'ring in his house of life, drove his pure spirit out; -- Camelia. Our Precious Ones-Be- rtha Pack- 'Ah met 'twixt faith and fear' the strife aroun d ard Englet." Sister Mercy R. Thompson-Lu- la. this dreadful doubt! Three Score and Ten-- E. D. and L. D. Alder- V If I could know, if I could know that he was V. S. A. Maggie Bassett. A Faithful Sis- - A V u . s my hPe (or called away M Boren. Who Mother Goose Wa- ster-- L. . nzntins' death. About h(s Father's work to '.go, and had no need M, A. i. U arot tne Revolution, a"dmileS- Uke some to. stay, .; ff"1 " Mattfe Blair Hanson. Primary at Wallsbu-T" sea, I do believe M..'. ' I that could bless the hand that holds M. IW. v iiuu i.ik,wo. nt:,....:., WiJUUill ICS. The precious air, in rippling smiles, rolls boundthe rod Editorial: The Woman's Exponent. Ediless, sweet p.nd free; Oer me, while in his loveliness he goes to dferU "f torial Notes. Memorial Day." With doors and windows open thrown to woo the, with God, ; Poetry; The One Doubt Lu Da! ton. balmy tide, And there fulfill the wondrous plan he here so 1 My loved one might not drink it in, but gasping, . fondly laid, struggling-diedTo build a better house for me, with trees for THE ONE DOUBT. fruit and shade. J The mothers might face, undismayed a ravening : wolf or bear, . , I sit alone this ghostly night, with sad, slosr- In such a daze, I almost feel all other ties unWith which to our and save or struggte fjr own; beating heart, ". bound, danger share; A severed and polluted thing, from all I love And that the child I seem to lose is now'but truly " But when ; foe the all comes silent on apart; midnight's found, , Outside; the dreary, sobbing; rain drips slowly heavy wings, It may be so, I do not knowjGod's will, in all be And fasten's on our precious ones its deadly from the eaves done, y And seems to mourn my crushing pain as tender 'venomed fangs, But he I mourn is safe, and oh, I have a younger When we can only wring our hands,, and only ..".'""". V "V friendship grieves, Perhaps the tears mine eyes refuse find thus their wildly pray, Whose need of mentor, friend and guide, shonld voice and breath, Our hearts break while we helpless stand and see be And thus baptize with heavenly dews, this them born To help his mother lay aside undue despondency e,a way. lonely house of death. 'i " How often, by his parching lips, his loved one's I must shake off this blank despair and face my No fear of night's dark visitor who haunt names were said," life again, ., ... guarHedxIors And how he longed' just once" to 5e' their t Ar,;Ilo-- in Iiolv ed"cf Wno enter in and stealthily i uuuu ins ucuj creep over chamber my pain; noors ... . But oh! he knew that pain and death in his Let. me remember one who said, when scorched may" be gold, or silver's with grief like flame: .caresses sjept, J:geh'"pf preit" palud sheen, Aot6"h1snaTestr"cois brea'h, in safety Methinks the purest bliss on earth is sorrow with- Which they will have wished them kept; out shame though murder stand them and their prize between, And I, his mother, must refrain the parting kiss And shame no smallest blot hath laid upon the is Contagion a trusty guardand none will dare v to take record brief his might, "Twould only be one added pain for other dear Which tells the story of his life dear thought to Nor foe nor friend come hitherward I am alone bless my grief. one's sake. ' ; tonight. ; Still for their sake, in cruel haste, through darkFarewell, my son, my loving one who ever Myslow, dull thoughts, like ocean deep whose " ' ness and through rain, thought and planned tides resistless roll, V I've sent him from his mother's door, who may What small or great things might be done by Thus ebb and flow with solemn his own boyish hand sweep beyond not come again, my weak control, In shroud and casket white and fair, with flowers To please his mother, comfort me and help me Or idly gather dust and sand and bear my load ; dark, decaying on his breast, leaves, Unkissed, but sanctified with prayer, my child is Because, though child, he seemed to see I've Like wind that blows across the land and worthwalked a weary road, gone to rest. less trash receives This sobbing rain, like healing tears which my I cannot pierce the mystery now hereafter I To toss as idly here and there in shall know dark, unsightly eves cannot shed. heaps, J If he were called, or if my hand through weak I'll hear through all the coming years, still weepAnd mock with ness let him go. laughter my despair which ' swoons ing o'er my dead. but never sleeps. LU D ALTON". Again, they heave upon my heart like mountain- - Perhaps tomorrow I can weep through this wide-eye- d dismay; eightsbf:Wbe,:vii:: IN RURAL ENGLAND. will come And almost crush of balm blessed the sleep clay Perhaps my soul apart from its ":'-v"' the day; I l i temple low; XXXII. ' this awful sphere of a pierce may light ray nfl ?roia?scapes my Perhaps Jike Etna " : EnglandA - S tory. Passing Thoughts know is there "'Before my eyes wills till arise a picture of despair Twa nYulsed and PaIe a straggle brave , V .JL' tu , , " , ; . ' , - , . ' all-suffici- - . mot!i'T-caret!ie"ke'- n ' - . , . , ; s ,. . . : be-fo- re . , . close-lockedli- ns :..bmtingthrough---'-Tr-Her granite crest which reels and dips, while flames obscure the blue, , . . ': ; : Blot out the sunshine clear and fair, and intercept its ray, Replacing vith . its lurid glare the wholesome " Hght of day. 1 strive to think of ahgei bands in happy homes of . light, greetings glad and clasping hands and scenes : of Dure rfnlirrfif . inv to grasp, like drowning hands, the holy mings I know, . v my soul from treach'rous sands which ; Perhaps to grief so dumb, so fierce, may hope of comfort come; Perhaps some angel may descend to help me . bear my pain, be loss to dreadful and my And prove my deep . darling's gain. If I could know God took my child, of free and Vrarious will. TheVidow's son I could give up and bid my grief But oh, the doubt! the rending doubt that he imely-Wfiii- t .r Lady Anna rather enjoyed the quiet restfulness of the summer day at the .old Castle and recalled the sweetness of her childhood, forgetting- the unpleasantness of - j her father remembering how much he had left her to have her own way, though he had refused to associate with his neighbors or to allow her. to accept their invitations; thinking it over now, she was glad of it for they would not intrude unon her in W be lelt to herself; she was too proud to tell --.-. Because the earth was sick and foul and deadly edge them to herself; once or twice during that day she caught herself soliloquizing, " " ' r " 