WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 10 .items. iMiesnire iscotiana anu uieu i ni uic uui, ioW, Co. Utah. with her parents when Utah to She emigrated and old. irrevv to womanhood she was three vears among this people, was married to Brother Robert Dowdle of Franklin, Idaho,Octobtr 3rd, i86S, removed to Coveville in 1S76, where she resided C10' 1110 mdt her rt ciYfPPtl '.I in whom their infancy and of children ten jdied six are left to mourn her loss, the youngest a babe at the time of her death; she suffered much but was true and faithful to the last, bne was one of those who have come up through- - much tribulaiion, whor washed their robes in the blood of the Lamb. "She has finished her wrk and fought the good fight and now rests from her - at Coveville. Cache "Mrs. Wiij.miktii Hast President of the Relief vSociety of Str Joseph Stake 'in Arizona is spending the 'season in this City arid may be found at the residence of her son. 042. i;ast. rirst souui si. sisters vvlio wish to communicate with lier will please note the address. Sister East will be pleased to visit any of the branches of the Relief Society , Y. h. M. I.jA. or PrU mary; as she has been familiar with these organizations from the beginning here in the valley; she has leisure and would be pleased to visit among the associations. Mrs. East is a good strong advocate of Woman Suffrage and thoroughly patriotic. ' 1.,-..- -- - ; . tl-1- labors, and her noble example and integrity to the truth will loner be remembered bv these who knew her: she died in full faith of a glorious resurrection, surrounded by her family, brothers ahd sisters, all but her two youngest brothers who are both absent on missions. Funeral services were held in the Franklin followed Meeting House, and her remains-wer10 the cemetery, by a large concourse of relatives and friends to pay their last respects to the dear, departed one. not possible for an editor to please every body, and we find it difficult to publish all our subscribers think proper. - Sometimes articles are rejected because unsuitable and it is not possible to make the exRESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. In reference to death planations public. notices,- it is almost impossible to keep up Whereas. Our Father in Heaven has called with the number sent in for publication., from our midst Sister Janet Dowdle who was al We try to make a complete record of those ways true and faithful in the performance of her and had by meekness of sisters who have been efficient and faithful duties in our Society and love of all who associ won the.respect in the Relief Society, as the Exponent is spirit ated with her, we feel to express our love for her the official organ of that Society. If octhese few lines. Resolved, that as a sister, associate, and friend casionally one is inadvertently missed, it is we feel tha words are inadequate to express the certainly not intentional, but one cannot pubhirrh estimation in which we held her, and while lish more than a column or two of obituaries we teel the deepest sorrow at the loss we sustain in one issue. in being deprived of her society, we bow submis sively to the will of Him who doeth all things It, is e ..Inigrated to .Massachusetts in Salt Lake City in 1852, ancS wa3 to iS5i,then to married r Jame's Miller, there, fix of is the children all of whom mother She survive her: She has been a faithful wif- - and mother, ai;d ah earnest worker in the Relief Society, having held the positions of Teacher ' Counselor, and President. the year "ResoIved,"Thavhile"we deplore her lois we know 111 "Ihy will. O, Lord not ours be done." and fob Resolved that we cherish her memory , us sne 01 set tne mat low in example oeing a faithful Latter-daSaint. Resolved that we extend our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved family and relatives; that one copy 01 these resolutions be presented to them, and a copy be entered on the record of - In the summer time most people prefer 1 to eat as little meat as possible and cool and dainty salads, are a fine substitute, they also are very nice for luncheons and having tried the following cream salad dressing, renirecoinmeud trtorfedero;tt Barijara C. Banks, Sarah M. Boyack, Lizzie A. Hutchinson, . - , In behalf of the Third Ward Relief Society " . Spanish Fork. of MRS. M. B. VAN, M. I). HAS REfVlOVED her office, from Constitution BuiWir-to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Office hours, 2 to 4 p m- - well and say HOUSEHOLD HINTS. h yet Saint the crown which has that she was a faithful Latttrday receive and has gone to been promised to the faithful ones, and that cur . loss is her gain. Resolved, lhat we extend to the bereaved family our heart felt sympathies. We feel to '.trive to emulate her many virtues and her V patient and noble life. Resolved, That we- present a copy of these resolutions to the bereaved family and that we have them published in the Woman's Exponent and the Spanish ForkSVm, and that they be spread upon the records of this association. ," No more can care and sofrovVcome, To grieve that gentle loving heart, For all thy earthly toils are done, And with thee we must part. - . 1S30. . 1 y bc TINNERS CA3,WATER &. STEAM FITTERS , I Agent for RUMS EYScelebrated LIFTandKOKi ) PUMPS. Pumpg Repaired on shortnotlee. Orders spr rT'onflf to r,f DAVID JAMES, Box. 306. Salt .Lake City- ouf;Soxiety5d,a,Opy Exponent for publication. used either on cold boiled potatoes, lettuce, ... . cabbage, vegetablesi on the Dear Sister. Janet we. fteLthat A OU. rest in neace- t rr is done and ' well ;' a m f t h a t'- you r::: wor e done:maywe-iikyoorr provefaithrul"ihf" aTF we go hence receive the wel things and when or-other- .-.. k-on- rear -' -- of vinegar, tea cup of. come plaudit, 'Well done" ful or cream of sugar, milk, i teaspoon ELIZABETH TITENSOR Prest. teaspoonful of mustard J teaspoonful of salt. Jane R. Biggs, Secretary. Beat eggs well, add sugar, salt and m ustard, then vinegar and cream. Place bowl in a . basin of boiling water, if you have not a It is with sorrowing hearts we the. members o farina kettle and stir until thickness of rich the Walisburg Relief Society report the death of M. L. Comic Kerby. Sne departed this cream. ; If the water boils all the time it Sister life May 9th, 1S93; Was born September 19th, will take about five minutes; set aside to 1823. ort the Island ot Jersey, cool and useasneedecl. -- -' She was baptized July 12th, 1849 by Elder C. Dunbar. Crossed the plains in a William Another simple salad is made of small cart hand company with her husband and four cakes of cottage cheese served upon a bed children, was the mother of ten children, was a of sh reded lettuce and garnished with faithful member of the Society from its organiza-thirteen treasurer and and small crescent 'Hon, olives. always ready to years mayonnaise m was wise counsel help,. tier temporal as well Many people do not understand the word as Her things. energies were alive to mayonnaise so commonly used in recipes thespiritual interest of the kingdom of God. She worked for salads and gravies. The word means a diligently to get the genealogy of her dead. stiff emulsion of egg and oil if you do not Worked faithful until the last one had their work like the oil, butter or cream may be used, done,. table-spoonfu- ls 3 26,28, 30aad32 East 1st SouthSt., ; . t S AIT '"'.. - The Leading Retail - Gash. Hoxisr3 . I wonder. if every one realizes the many uses of ammonia, as a child I only recollect it in the smelling bottle for the purpose of reviving a fainting woman, but I find it so u se ful . iir many way water so nicely for washing flannels, and in the bath, especially for the hair it is. useful. A little hi the water in which silver or glass is washed brightens them. : - OBITUARIES. Editor Woinatfs Exponent. With profound sadness we record the death of another of God's noble women, Sister Janet Lowe DoudL. the beloved wife of Robert Dawdle, and daughter of Thomas and Eliza Lowe. Sister Dowdle was born Apiil the. roth jSsjai I m CL n 9 Willi B s II yrtrav f If. i '" Keeps on Iland GOODS AN D TR I M MINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- D R ESS . POISE WAISTS, ETC. J lata and Homiets clcaued and retrlmmed Feather curled, etc. StaRiilns tlorc to order, h1 tons covered while you wall. Kurlnl Milta a SiefIHy r siyk-s- , . .TJr II Q vi:vr.'rr;.nii4iJ swim Esther Dabling, -- Counselors. M. A. Burns Assistant. WW-Batty Lucinda ' t SS - ' fe n"2 . Therefore be it resolved that we the members of the Walisburg Relief Society do sincerely sympathize with her bereaved husband and family and farther be it resclved that we Strive to emulate her noble example. J; Farewell Sister Mary: We must bid you a fond aOieti acrcmnrot- - bright "gIor'na waits" you andshouts ol Hosannah on the other shore welcomed you and the assurance that your work here was wcu uwc u1u.11 uc uui tuusuiauuu anu mat a starry crcwn will be your reward. LAKE CITY. M. Boren, Secretary. Died on the 9th of May 1S93, in Spanish Fork, uwu vu, uiau, 01 pneumonia, lister Margaret iviiiierr the be!sedwieof Jaines Miller aed 03 years 5 momns ana 11 aays. , , Dr. ELLIS 11. SI SUKGEOX AND . ACCOUCilECB. n specie H Hrt?- - two classes taught yearly, becinnine respectively Oct. ioai and April iotli. . Reviews given 'to former sitidens free ot charge. For oarticulars enauire personally Diseaesi of iiiuii - 