I , Editor. EMMELINE B. WELLS, ANN IB WELLS CANNON Camtlia), Editorial Centributr. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made lor clubs. City papers ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. " Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 2.50; per month, J3.00. A IT eral discount to regular advertisers. ' semi-monthl- y, Rooms 227 & 338 Constitution Building, lain Street, opposite Z.C. M, I. Business hours from ig a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to ' EXi'DNKNILofiice PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post Ofice in Salt Lake City, Utah, as econd class matter. Salt Lake City, -- August 15, We were greatly in hopes that we might have known before we went, to press something concerning the Woman Suffrage Congress held in Chicago during the past week, but so far nothing definite has been ' obtained, We were of the opinion that those able women would pass resolutions in regard to the financial condition of the country, that might have some weight with1 Congress, Suffrage and the opinions of men and women on this subject and matters pertaining thereto are considered of some importance. In" the .present state of affairs in this country, women are arid very naturally must be as deeply interested as men if not even more. Women will" likely be the : . xrra rpKi XTpn i crninmrs tnrs t n away- froin trouble than women, and. we are happy to say that there are only a few if i rn ipnti ir r ip rrninrrv ttliiv ascom mon- -n mrafovimniVfr suicides, are not .. - , things propitious. Among the invited guests present were Presidents George Q. Cannon and Joseph F. Smith, also Angus M. Cannon and Joseph E. Taylor of the Presidency of the Stake, of the Bishopric of the ward Counselor J. F. Simmons, and Bishop v H. B. Clawson and Counselor Alonzo Hyde from other wards, also Mrs. Willmirth East of Arizona, Irs. W.B. Lawler of Nevada; 7 MrsT Anna Ivins St. George, Mrs. Minerva W.- Snow, Manti lion, -- Aureiius Miner ana wTite, SIts. Margaret Blaine Salisbury, M'rs. C. Bennett, Mrs. Amelia F. ..Young, Mrs. P. M.Staines, Mrs. Carlie Y. Cannon Mrs. Lydia Ann Wells, Mrs. Elizabeth Webb, Mrs. Rachel R; Grant, Mrs. Elizabeth II! GoddardandMrs. Fewson Smith, and others vTell known in the. community who were not members of Uie clubs that gave the entertainment. v Of the eminent women associated with these societies were Mesdames Zina D. H. I. Isabella Horne, vSarah M. Young, Kimball, Emily S. Richards,M. W. Wilcox, Phebe C. Young, E. J. Stevenson, M. Lois J. M'acFarlane, arid P. P. JenMorris.Besides these the clubs represent nings. women Doctors, lecturers, speakers, editors, newspaper correspondents, poets and women who are strong suffrage advocates. The exercises opened with organ music by Miss Maude Pratt, followed with prayer Cannon, a very eloby President, Angus-M- j quent address upon woman suffrage and kindred topics was given by M'rs. Julia P. M; Farnsworth which we expect to publish in full in our next issue of the paper. - Music - bv the vounVJ Indies .....mandolin club in shn pie white dresses, their sweet faces beaming - dents aird experiences of those early.days that will bear repeating to this generation, and would be specially applicable just now. BOHEMIAN WOMEN. WE have had a very pleasant visit recently, with Madame Josefa Humpal Zenian, whom we had met at the Woman's Congress in Chicago. Madame Zeman is a charming finely educated Bohemian. She was accompanied in her visit here by two Miss Anna others of her country-womeKoesel and Miss Sleona Karla Marchova of Prague, Miss Marchova represents the n, WotnartS Journal of Prague Bohemia. She spoke in the Woman's Congress upon "The Position of Women in Bohemia." These women ars traveling acrossjthexontinent unattended in fact came from their home, Eastern Europe, across the sea to America without a male guide a fact which has not been believed by the people of their country, but is now success- v fully proven.- .Madame Zeman is very bright and exceptionally gifted, she was a great favorite at the Woman's Congress; presided; as Honorary Foreign -- President at one "of the" ... r ... jyithmilescxeated a .pleasing-flutte- of r ethuasrriand t hernusicwasthoroughly 7 -- sessionsj "appreaated, and the girls were persuaded paper on "Woman as a .Social Leader.'' to give an encore. as men in our opinion. at the session where Madame Helena President George Q. Cannon's address Consequently women should take an Modjeska followed with hers upon which followed the music was exceedingly active part in ameliorating the condition if "Organized Development of Polish Woand contained much information anything can be done, and at any rate to men. ' ' This was the same evening that the interesting upon current "vmatters and Was full of try and become acquainted with the situaY. L. N. M. I. A. held their, meeting, earnest sympathy in all movements for tion, and see wherein their efforts may be therefore we did not hear these and papers woman's elevation and advancement. We avaiiaoie. only 'saw newspaper comments. tri be able to give the main points of If economy in the home is needful most We shall have something more to say of hope women are ready at any time to make any Madame Zeman hereafter when we finish this address in the next Exponent. Miss Ellis Shipp gave the "minuet" in a gracechanges possible and reduce expenses, and our "Noted Women of the Congress." ful and charming way which delighted all under all great trials women are morally as Madame Zeman is a for two present. Mrs. Eva Hasbrouck recited brave and as men are. In the Bohemian Journals correspondent Amerikan and pathetically, "A Kansas Chicago Story, ' ' she has an present state of aflairs there is no doubt that' the Racine Slavic, and her aim is to estabexcellent voice and is evidently a woman of women would be as patriotic and lish a Slavonic Journal .to be owned and culture. Mrs. Minnie J. Snow's speech as their foremothers of the revocontrolled by women. was a very happy expression of thought on lutionary times. In fact modern 'women woman's life, duties and higher cultivation are strong-minde- d and face all sorts of and was in perfect harmony With the ocdifficulties and dangers, such as now beset A PLEASANT GARDEN PARTY. casion and the surroundings. Dr. Ellis I the country heroically. There is a great noem- in full Shipp read an original - ... -r O v..v.uui uuu HVJJVi Ul UUU.' The Social entertainment given by the with the popular subject, woman; we shall always speaking encouragingly in the Utah Woman's Press Club the Reaper's puuusa u laier. hours of trial financial or of any kind. Club and the Woman Association Suffrage duet btay thou with me" by Mr. ana Smiles are more efficacious than, tears and at Mrs. E. C. beautiful Dye's on ; the' Mrs- - James T. Dunbar was finely rendered garden V vastly more becolnnig. afternoon of Monday was August 14 t f rt r Jf f - 1 tr'n t a f ti" one and a pleasing feature of the afternoon; C i . Z. of the most delightful gatherings of the young Dunbar gives promise of being as favurd laud of America, be sure it will season. The the ladies had in view good a object ali be over-rulefor good for its destinv is was to singer and as great a favorite with in a bring social together way old the public as his father, this completed the upward and onward though obstaclesrmay fnends and new, for of interchange have to be overcome, and dark clouds threatthought program, as there were one or two delinand pleasant converse, meantime to listen ' ;r to quencies. en, there will al ways be a silver lining music and exercises of 7 an elevating and Refreshments were then served and somewhere;and if one has a light heart and instructive character. social chat indulged in with the ease and clear conscience he can stand firm'and steadThe grounds are undoubtedly the most freedom of fast abiding the result, which is after all in r parties. By request an entertainment the hands of Him' who holds the nations in of this "Auld Lang Syne" was sung; in which the kind, Mrs. Dye herself is an at -- . the hollow of His iiand. company joined, also "Hard times ccnie tractive woman a and gracious hostess, and again lio more." the mandolin club very Above all the" Latter-da- y Saints should the several committees from the three clubs This was'loMvW graciously AVUiiicii-iraiTiTJ- -- -a- 1893. THE PRESENT CONDITION.- represented, did their preparatory work The afternoon was fine and all well. not lose faith in each other, nor the promises of the" Almighty to his people, and should always prophecy good for Zion, and be able to lend a helping hand to those who have not the same abiding,' living faith to sustain them. Afaniine for money, does not compare with a famine for bread which some of the Latterday Saints have experienced and while there is bread in the land for the hungry there is more cause for rejoicing than sorrow. We who were here in an early day know that bread could not be bought for gold, the battalion boys who re-still living can testify -- to that fact, and there are many interesting, historical inci, Woman's Exponent. ' EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 20 S - . . . . self-denyin- g self-sacrifici- ng - Z 1.1.3 1 - -- J l" A 4 1 d -.:';" out-doo- .... -- joihmgT" 