WOMAN'S MENU FOR A HAPPY DAY. "Takb a little dash of water cold, A little leaven of prayer, A little bit of sunshine gold Disolved in morning air. j . and-Templ- e; lanniversary of Sister- - Snow's birthday. He was followed by Andrew Thompson and others after which President Maiben But spice it all with tbe essence of love, 1 :.. And a little whiff of play; Let a nice old book, and a glance of love Complete the well spent (fay." r. 15f) was going; on, until some of the sisters came and said Brother Maiben was waiting for us. with them, imagine my surHurrying prise when I entered to .see so many seated around the room, I began to feel that something was up, but was not certain until Bro. Maiben arose and spoke very beautifully and feelingly upon our associations labors, and announced that our gathering was in honor of the seventy-firs- t Add to your meal some merriment, Add thought for kith and kin, And then as a prime ingredient, A plenty of work throvvn in. l EXPONENT; called on me to speak. I was followed by an interesting and humorous verbal description of Samoan women and their customs, given by Mrs. Mary( A. Freeze. Miss Mamie Freeze favored the club with some very fine instrumental music, which was much appreciated. The President spoke regarding the U. P. C. becoming- - associated with the Territorial Federation of Clubs, read the ' constitution of and a communication from the Federabenefits to tion, and explained isomeof-th- e be derived from'-- the connection. It was moved and seconded that we join the Federation Remarksavere called for, and-t- he members expressed themselves as being in favor of the connection, the motion was carried. Article second of the By Laws was moved by motion, 'and Mrs Eizzie Wilcox, Mrs. Ida Haag, and Miss Mamie Conrad were voted in as members of the U. W. P: C. In connection with tlie Prest. Miss May Preston was voted to act as delegate for the emu, ai me convention- to De held in Chicago during the World's Fair.- Mrs. E. B. Wells spoke of her expected absence at the time of our next meeting, but hoped wTe would carry on the meeting as usual. Miss Pearl Russell kindly? favored the club writh a vocal selection, and benediction was pronounced by Mrs. Phebe " arosefeelingl very humble"aiid"fuirofatiurde to my" brethren and sisters for the kindness extended to me on this occasion. The meet PROMISE YOU WILL LOVE ME ALWAYS. ing was clo ed by singing Doxology, after which a few moments were spent in hand I will ask of ou a promise 1 Now' while am young and strong, shakings, congratulations and goodjwjshes.. Tis that you will truly love me Supper was then announced and President Maiben kindly invited us to go to the When the years have rolled along. u When life's cares and trials leave me dining room where a large table was spread and beautifully decorated with fniiti'and With deep lines upon my brow, flowers and loaded down with the bounties And my brown hair turns to silver, Can your heart love then as now? oi uie earxn. ivoout tony persons were seated around the table, and everything the Now I'm young and have life's pleasures, heart could wish spread before them. G to friends cheer each young day, iy Near the head of the table wTas a large And your love will be much dearer, beautifully ornamented cake, prepared by Wherrthe years have,passedau'ayJ the ladies of the Temple "and bearing the When these friends that now are near me inscription, 'M. W. Snow, aged seventy-cne- .' C. Young. With my youthful days have fluvvn, We enjoyed ourselves until about Program for next meeting: Article on Tell Die, can you love me truly dark, when all returned to our homes with" the Sixth Sense. Mrs. L. G. Richards: Then when I have older grown. blessings for eaclr other and thankfulness to 'recitation, Miss N. V. Davis; music ..Mrs. our Heavenly Father. If your love to me is precious Maggie Bassett. When each day with pleasure rings "I feel that great credit is due to Sisters Gladys Woodmansee, Secretary. C. how' A. "Willardson will much Christina need it ... and Conover, Oh, my heart Nellie committee the who When old age unto me clings. instituted Jensen, PRIMARY REPORT, CQLONIA to also the and Brother When my steps are slow and feeble John Whit-bec- k surprise JUAREZ, MEXICO. for his generosity and able assistance. Hushed the merry sound of glee,. IouiEFEtT; :JNpr musLwe.forget:President iMaiberrr who .Afte ifsTE RFerhaps a few items in "DEAirS in his kind and friendly manner made the Will you, can you still love me? regard to the Primar' Associations of the occasion as pleasant as possible. President .Iexican.Mission-wilbe of-- interesttoyoiu-TherWhen I e gon-- beyond the t i ver, - Eund Avas called away to the "city, which l y is an association in each of the four , Left on earth all pain and care, . we very much regretted, but hejeftjiiaj "of "tliisnsslonTdrjlidgihg" ATrdyotrtoer ha vctssrdih'e'pTlsr7" and approval for the day. '" We settlements blessings from the And we dwell together there, reports at our recent conference the blessings of heaven may rest upon pray I will want your love in Heaven they are all in a flourishing condition. him, for we love, honor ai;d respect him in Mission organization was effected at. When our circle is complete; All present contributed ourThe Temple. thislioly Promise now that you will love me February conference with Sister Ettie to the occasion. About fifty persons were Teasdale, President; Sisters Victoria Pratt, When beyond this life we meet. 01 them presented me with many present, and Abbie Young, Counsellors. Caroline B. Pratt. Deautitul tokens 01 tueir love ana rememTwo Primary Conferences have been fairest brance, helping to make it one of-theld since the Organization, The'last one " of in flowers the memory. garland was held cn the 26th of August, President SISTER MINERVA W. SNOW this correspondence, I felt Ettie Teasdale Upon reading honored. presiding. A good spirit that it would be only proper to send it to prevailed and many excellent instructions its that the. Believing many Exponent, A very pleasant social gathering was were given by the leading sisters; also of to the know be would readers pleased held in the Manti Temple on the. 22nd of Apostle Teasdale and others of the leading known so one conferred honor widely upon ibrethren. There was a very fair represenanJarcttJn honor of the seventy-firs- t beloved as is Sister Minerva. and dearly tation from all of the associations, each of niversary of the birth of .Sister Minerva C. A. Conovkr. wThich W. Snow. assisted in rendering a programme Her sweet and gentle spirit and her prepared for the occasion, consisting of U. W. P. ClyUB. songs, recitations, etc. The children all integrity to duty has endeared her to all took their parts ui a very pleasing mannerT who know her and especially to her conA meeting of the UJ W. P. C. in the Temple. Desirii to show During conference the primaries held a our love and appreciation for her, a few of vened in the new Exponent parlor April fair' in the basement of the schoolhouse, the under the management of the president. us sisters planned a surprise for her and in 29th, 1893, with a goodly number-o- f B. Wells .child-"''' 4 There was a very cousulting "Presidents Lund andMaiben, members in attendence. Mrs. E. offered ren's work, jDqnsistinitrawbraidJiats nresided. and Mrs. Lucy Clark r- - " ...- yjuvited us We gladly consented and the following is prayer. stockings and various kinds of were Sister Snow's description of it, written to a fancy work, as well as many specimens of The minutes of the March meeting to friend: by cookery done by the little girls- .- While the .'. read and the roll call was responded boys had a very fair showing of fruits and "We had rassembled as usual at' the choice sentiments or verses. j 'Miss N. V. Davis gave an interesting vegetables; also a few specimens of their Temple and Prest. Maiben, at the close of his remarks :in the and instructive lecture on the different mechanical genius. morning service, expressed a wish to meet the workers in an kinds of verses, lucidly explaining the ; The whole affair was a creditj considering upper room, after the day's work was done. construction of the different stanzas, and the short time they had for preparation and the busy season of the year. the same. At the appointed time, all the workers, aptly illustratingT.JFreeze read an Ever wishing, for the advancement and ; original M J$y iutimate ' ' is Religion";' welfare of the Primaries throughout uiviteci, assembled there Of course care the Gospel. written in the lady's usual able manner. Zion, I remain your sister 4.lken ,by,.iriends..to . kJeep nmii ill a wlncJi C. song, Caroline Romney, Sec. Iadys?oodinaiisee sang PlJerJpfce aiidThad no thought of what Selected."" -- , : . - . . ' v.- -. . t " e ' t . he . - co-labor- ers firie-display'-o- " -. - , aendsholhdjnl Je ; -- Mrs.,-XUiie-. 1 i quilt-block- s; -- e 