WOMAN'S "WOl 'He Wo,nnon,on;ailhc Vol. 22. L.:iIi:AKB CITYV UTAH, CONTENTS: In . Rural .England W.S. RtghU of the Women of all Nations. NOVEMBER ,5.' .893. The ash and stately poplar trees, A Story. Salt 'Lake Bassett. U. W. P. Club-Gla- dys Gems Selected E. H. W'oodmansee. Annie B. Despain. Reorganization A.-M- aggie Lyon. man's Foreign Affairs Mrs Nellie Grace.' Utah VV. S. A. Ladies' Meet-- . County D. Alder. K. b. Reports, .... Mesa Items ing- -L S M.Pomeroy. Vanity Zion's Convert 0 The War of the Rebellion. -- Obituaries. Editorial. A Tribute to Lucy Stone. Editorial Notes. Poetry". Lucy Stone. Thanksgiving Hymn -- Will Carleton. Autumn Hyacinth. Some time l We'll Meet Again E. L. G. .The Trials of L. S. Dickinson. Columbus The sun comes sparkling on his way, Unmindful of his charm; The grass is rustling, stiff and gray, To steps that tread nor harm. Semi-monthl- y - much to say of what would be likely to transpire and the extravagance and style which would be kept up, but as no one of the party was interested in his views, he grew silent- - and inclined to be morose somewhat, and was not ah agreeable Seem filled witrTyellow light;' That nodded in" the summer breeze, So dark and dense a sight. Co7 No 8f f -- On board the vessel were two or three ministers.dissenters as they were designated br. Bland entered into conversation withjliem on the first day out and thoroughly investigated their religious faith. They with some oi" their followers were, fleeing from the persecution heaped In sympathy the sun imparts, upon them in their o wn native land, and A warm and healing breath, preferred jiardshipsS and privation in the To bind their little broken hearts, wilderness to the scorn ridicule and Which only hastens death, of those among whom their lot was in cast their own country. Still they The ivy trails the old rail fence, talked of the home they were leaving, much Enlivened here and there, and the green fields so dear to every With red and yellow leaves from whence but above all .. English heart village-borShine purple berries rare. was the desire to exercise the freedom of conscience and religious views for this The bright-eyesquirrel seeks his store, Of nuts that fallen lie; they sacrificed home, friends and the craves ' of their ancestors, not knowing what fate Then speeds away the branches o'er, had in store for them in an unknown ' As if by winds blown by. country. The ladies were too The beauty of the leaves is brief, after being a few hours out of sight of land tr enjoy And by some magic spell, When morning sparkles white, each leaf any thing, and young Walton who. had lit tle courage at any time was. quite as helpSeems earthward to have fell.! ..,. less as his wife, so 'that what had seemed a Flowers fall with the germ of life, pleasant undertaking on the first day, was a Unaided and forlorn, miserable failure before many hours had To rise again like human lives, passed. Dr. Bland and one or two of the In early morn. servants managed to take care of the rest of the party, and the Doctor kept up his ' O death,life's most relentless foe, interest in the Puritans on board , though" - Withold thy cruel breath; . he could scarcely hold with the extreme Nor bring earth's fairest ones to woe,. views entertained by them , being a man of . Slay not, O bitter death. very broad mind and liberal education. Hyacinth. One young and 7 ardent I disciple " of the Nov. 3. 893. faith Barrington by name became greatly attached to the Doctor and his party and was ever after a friend io the two families. He sought by his persuasive eloquence and IN RURAL ENGLAND; kindliness to help Lord Walton morally and ; to uplift him from the despondency which xxxv. rtm ronorc . m or tTiintr that whfn had fallen upon him after leaving the shores loff KfiTitnr! flip titlf should nn of England, and partly perhaps .in conser r in the quence of sea sickness, and the peculiar longer be England, but it will appear tViof tfip trrppn fields of the mother combination of circumstances, that had 1UIU1V. the of lives the about his consent to bear take this brought country - C 4.1.strongly upon j .n.r influence His . was journey. good upon SUDjeCIS VI tuc aiui andLord rmmistinf of Maitland not thoueh rfv In inrt permanent: o 1I1C limv. ful V five Kd and ward enn devoted was young! Barrington that his t j.. Tirifr.r. ,so vv aiiuii tJipir uv , UaXly ?r .1 wne.-somnn auu Ann ivvu inenu soinetimes uisirustea it k His motives ijeivaiita, xjk. at fancied he embarked and was in love with his wife. servants thirteen in number fine on a had He to her the need of re explained Ipswich in the ship Elizabeth most Wie was and weather the after ligion every day morning in May, was almost convalescent read passages from the Bible propitious and even Lady Anna had been at times commenting upon them, and she listened jubilant though she Just before leaving dreamily to it all, as though she was half greatly depressed. Maitland received word that his mother distrustlul it was not real btjtanother de would soon return to Walton Hall and look ception. Finally withoutrany serious haDDenin? after things during his - absence, which she v fpmnnrarv as neither the company landed on the Ne w En gla nd Mrrvulrl rpmnin IonP" in 9Cl . . coast, and having arranged beforehand o hiuiseiiir or xxuua residents, were warmly wild and unsettled a country as America, j with British soon welcomed and was aimuat uusyunu comfortably established Young Lord VVaiton about was mother in his found dwellings previously fitted up befitting to eo when he conhome he their station in life All was strange and' to take up her abode in the had there were lionl with whom they had ever sidered sacred to the Waltons, and he Unsheltered flowers hang their heads. O'er bent and blackened stems, That humbly droop towards their beds, 'Fore sunshine that condemns, in thoie days, and op-probiu- LUCY STONE. BY REV. LOUISE . S. BAKER. Her saintly face, flower-like- , turned ever toward me ugnt, Seeking that radiance divine which could be lent again To teach those of less steady look the vision . bright; ..,Tracing a, pathway on life's flowing moor or marshy fen. - . n, d . sea-sic- k That kindly face has met the Day with eye un- - blenched. ; ;, lis quiveriug light with rosy fingers beckoned ' r : her at last, .... E'en op the earth. Athwart her heart with fires unquenched It lay and, smiling, with the hope of action ; ,." new, she passed. Nantucket, Oct, 22, JS93. spring-time- s' f Woman's Journal. THANKSGIVING HYJIN. thank Thee. O Father, for all that is bright The gleam of the day and the stars oQhe night; The flowers of our youth and the fruits of our We prime, . that march down the pathway of And blessings time, thank Thee, O Father, for all that is drear The sob of the tempest, the flow of the tear; For never in blindness, and never in vain, Thy mercy permitted asqrrow or pain. We thank Thee, O Father, for song and for feast, inThe harvest that glowed, and the wealth that ; creased;. For never a blessing encompassed earth's child, and Bat Thou in Thy mercy looked downward smiled. We thank Thee, O Father of all, for the power Of aiding each other in life's darkest hour, The generous heart, and the bountiful hand, And all the soul-hel- p that sad souls understand. We thank Thee, O Father, for days yet to be For hopes that our future will call us to Thee; That all our eternity form, through Thy love, One Thanksgiving day in the mansions above. We : ' r Will Carleton. AUTUMN. . How beautiful the passing days, That quickly hurry by; Whose life breathes out unclouded rays, Then gloriously they die, 1 rzrm : - , , 1 ? - , 1 ; 4. 1 - : A i -- '. -- -4 v m 