120 Mks. Mary F. I1iti,ktt, of Cheyenne, Wyoming, received in the legislature seven-votes for U. S, Senator. A Suffrage bill is pending in the Cali fornia Legislature, supported by petitions with 15,000 signatures. . Tins National American Woman Suf frage Association will issue a printed re port of the proceedings of the convention 011893. I"1 pamphlet vi 11 contain re port of National officers, reports of com mittees, plan of work for the year, important discussions, reports of state societies, the amended constitutions &c. Send 25 cents to National Headquarters 1324, I. St. N. W. Wash. D. C.and it yill be sent to you Chairman Press. Com. for 1892. i manly in eve'ry respect,yet brave and strong when occasion called for action. "No single virtue we could most commend, Whether the wife, the mother, or the friend; For she was each in that supreme degree, That, as no one prevailed, so all was she." ' . ' wis-"wa- MEMORI AL. According to agreement at the last meeting 0 the Twelfth Ward Relief SecTety, Dec. 1st, 1892, the following resolutions of respect were made, and at the succeeding meeting were unaninously " adopted." Vrhereas in view of the loss we have sustained by the decease of our beloved Sister and Secre tary Ellen Walters W inder, and of the still heavier loss sustained bv those who were nearest and dearest to. her; therefore, be it Resolved that it is but a just tribute to the memory cf the departed that in sorrowing over her removal from our midst we mourn for one who was always faithful and prompt in discharging her duties, even when laboring under heavy physical disabilities; and, was-- in every way worthy of our respect and love. Resolved, that we tenderly condole with the family of our beloved sister in their hour of trial and affliction, and share with them the hope of a reunion in that better-worl- d tcr wbichrwe are all trust and that ''Who doeth all God. hastening, will bless and com fort them. things well," Resolved that a copy of this heartfelt testi-- . monial of our sympathy and sorrow.be forwarded to the family of our departed sister, and also be -- heart-broke- e : " - MRS. LUCY S. GRANT. Resolutions of"re;pcct to the memory of nor the many trials and hardsliips. incidental to missionary's wives. Through her last illness, she manifested unbounded faith in the ordinances of the Gospel Surrounded by her husband and children, by her s only brother, and hosts of friends, her every anticipated, everything that, love and sympathy could do was lavished upon her; but prayers and tears were unavailing to prolong her earthly career. God, in his infinite wisdom had called her home, and the tenderness and devotion that had characterized the union of Brother and Sister" Brandley, made the parting ordeal all the n more severe for the husband, who scarcely left her bedside during her entire illness. SiUer Brandley 's nature was purely domestic-homwas the place she adorned and no truer wife and mother ever lived. Her charity was without stint, or ostentation, and the poor prayed blessings upon her head. She was the mother , of eight children, six of whom are lelt to mourn their loss. The funeral services were held in the Meeting House on New Year's day; the large concourse of sympathizing friends evidencing the respect and esteem in which the family were held. ' 7 May the H oly Spiri t be w i tbrthe bereaved ones, ter comf or Mliem in thei r hour of triaLand prepare IhemTof the joyful reunion awaiting them. Sister Lucy S. Grant who . departed this life Jan.- 3rd, 1S93, adopted "at a meeting of the Board of IDA NAGELYi 1 Directors of the W. CM. and M. Inst. Richfield Utah. Whereas, in the Providence of God our esteemed coworker and beloved sister Lucy S. placed upon our record. DOCTOR MATHE. HUGHES CANNON, Grant, has been released from her ong suffering President. Druce, ulia and has gone to her much rest, Office: II Soutri, First West Street. R. Midgley, 1st Counselor. Whereas we have thereby lost an efficient Eliza D. Hooper, 2nd Counselor. Office practice for'biseastes of Women from 2 rand a generous p.itron,therefore be E. G. Lyon, Treasurer. " until 4 p. m. Hannah Brooks, Secretary. that we, the Board cf Directors of the W. C. M. and M. Inst, do hereby tender our OBITUARY. sympathy to the afflicted husband and the childyi-Uren, who are bereft of the presence and counsel Tl BY A I. Thnm'c the death Marv of Skfpr a of beloved wife and mother. which oeeu red on th mnrrirnr nf tho mth r,f Resolved that we deem it a just tribute to hen . at her home in the First Ward, Salt Keeps on Hand memory to say that she wis beloved by each January,, Lake City, many hearts are pained with the feel DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY member of the said Board and was up to the ings of loneliness which come to mortals when ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS dear ones are taken away from them. time of her afillction a wise and able Counselor. . AND STATIONERY, EQUIWithout doubt, Sister Mary's friends were as Gladys Woodmansee. numerous as POISE WAISTS, ETC. her She In behalf of the Pfes. and Board. acquaintances.' possessed the larce. warm benrt vh?rh W ranahlp rf finrl. Dren lahitig- In all its branches. lates ing something to love, or pity in every one, and sfyies, Hat and Bonnets cl.enned Millinery, and retrimmed r coruiai disposition wmcn uic.iidiiN, ;cuciuu 'T'EtVM WALTERS WINDER. : ' draws altJiearts r ''C)us'covered"while yoa wait, Barlal'Saf to a Speelallj Brother Charles J. , Thomas, liisVir)KR: wife ef iit Adj gSKFKr Winder and. iierniusband, " was she most SOUTH STREET. family, TSJo fiPt V): affectionately and conwho ditd suddenly of heart failure af her home Thrve doors west of Theatre. scientiously devoted. in this City 'November 7th, at 4.30 p. m. 1S92, was Three children,the eldest not yet nine years old, v. ivhjlh uiti ldL'ici Hiiu tjiuer relatives ana MRS. M. E. VAN, M. D. friends, to mourn the loss of one of the kindest 1822 and was man ltd to John R. Winder in and most faithful of all the daughters of Eve; and HAS REMOVED her office, from Constitution London, Nov. 24th, 1845. Having embraced the one was awaiting her mother in heaven. girl baby Building to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Everlasting Gcj-peSister Mary was born on the 27th, of February, they emigrated to America in Office hours, 2 to 4 p m 1853; at that time Mrs. Winder had twin baby-gir- ls 1853 in South Wales, where her honored parents not three months old,and those were not the stil reside, although having been members of the Church of of Latter-da- y Saints, days of swift transit' tither by sea, or by land. from an Jesus Christ In to day. early Utaht emigrating This one fact demonstrates the faith and courage therefore Sister Mary left her home and Sister Winder possessed, and as she advanced in with many others who were near and dearparents to her, for the sake. also' her same Gospel's she life, sublime faith grew stronger, and During years'that suffered other trials and many hardships, while more steadfast still,; as year after year witnessed her fidelity to the cause of truth, all of proving 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st Soutli St., the fulfillment of those things for which she had which were borne bravely and cheerfully,showing beeii looking forward. She identified herself with the true heroism of a noble soul. the Relitf Society of the 14th ward in this City The funeral took.place at the First Ward Meet- -' where she resided, when it was Organized, and mg House, on the 12th, of January; and was in SALT LAKE CITY. was an active worker in all benevolent labors all respects worthy of the respected woman in never wary in well-doiAfter her removal to whose honor it was held. the I2th, Ward a few years since, she was chosen L. L. Greene Richards. secretary of that Relief Society and continued in office to the time of her decease; and when death The came, sh.e was engaged in cheerful conversation inmemoriam: upon matters pertaining to the duties of her office with Mrs. Julia Druce the President of the With profound sadness we record the death of another of God's noble women. Sister Society. ...,".,.;, Mary Sister Winder had' been in delicate health for Nagely Brandley, the beloved wife of Elder Theosome time, but was somewhat better and the dore Brandiey.She suffered intensely-fo-r three .blow fell heavily indeed upon the family; she was " wees prior to her death, when death released a model wife, mother arid housekeeper; tierJiome " m-ede- . co-labo- rt it-Re- solved iii -- lit'a i - . : - , - toltt-t-ioveinrretum-T- Jiu. u iST . : l . . :m ; -- n. Leading Retail Cash .... ...the-pla- ce -- where attributes of character, that made it a paradise on earth to those with whom she was thus associated-he- r love of flowers constituted one of her chief pleasures, and her plants were the. admiration of-a- ll w ho passed the house and the in h- -r windows were a great attraction. display Sister Winder was the mother of ten children five of whom are now living; she leaves also , who all loved her as twenty tenderly as her own. She was tender-hearte- d gentle, conscientious and forgiving, a woman of many virtues ana mucn goodness of fcert grand-children- Sister lirandley was bem raMarclilithn8uar Ahnau, Canton, Thurgau, Switzerland. Embraced the gospeL in her native land, and emigrated to ..Utah im 1S72. During that same yeaV was married to Elder Theodore at Salt Lake City She was a faithfubBrandley, Saint id the fu sense of the term; no sacrifice was too great for her to make for the Gospel's sake. e twent-ears ofher married life h'inD$ husband spent nine vears of tW ; ui missionary field, and she, with her characteristic 'vV assumed the burden. .of y "t ma auence OTJLSP. n . 3D"rX2D 1 ' Ho CO. TiriflCRS CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS Agent ror RUJISEY'S celebrated L3LFT &n d FO lit rtJMFS. pumpa Repaired on shortnotlc. Orders fro - W- - 1 DAVID JAMES, Box. 306, Salt JUke JC&fe 