WOMAN'S EXPONENT 32 President, Secretary and an Kxecutive Committee, to be elected each month by ballot. 0. F. Whitney was chosen President and Emma Wells Secretary. Major W. W. Woods was elected chairman of; the Execute Committee, but resigned in favor of Miss Mamie Jones, who accepted the position, Misses Belle Clayton and Cornelia Home were her assistants. A critic was '' also appointed each evening and meetings Almost immediately j convened weekly. however, the reading class wa9 transformed into a literary, musical and dramatic Society. Tne programs consisted of original essays, declarations, select readings, musicvocal arid instrumental, and occassionally scenes from Shakespeare and such plays as "The - . man. The Azalea proved to be the longest lived of all the early associations, the final meeting occunng on", September 25, ibi4, just nine years after its inception." Among the members of this Society are now to be found poets, actors, play writers, lawyers and ministers. k TIIIv SHAKESPEARE SOCIETY The Shakespeare Society was organized by a number of students of literature at the University of Deseret. Their plan was to continue the study of Shakespere following the course given at the University which comprised a thorough "study, of the great author's plays. One of the most prominent members and perhaps the originator of the Society was now whose home the first meeting was held in 18S5. Sessions thereafter convened weekly at the homes of the ladynnembers. In the course followed by this Society, a critical examination of the play under consideration was required. The poetry; construction, diction and etymology were examined "and discussed; the history of the play studied, essays and criticisms written on all the important characters, and selections memorized by each student. While it was studied as a classic, thorough enjoyment of the plot and a comprehension of its meaning were obtained. Occassionally, to vary the tenor of the meetings, members would commit to memory some of the scenes .nd produce them ;these occasions are memorable for the recreation and pleasure that they afforded; Some of the plays studied by the Society were liamlet, Macbeth, Julius Leasar, King . I,ear, Merchant of Venice and Othello. Earnest and progressive work was done for a period of over four years, when the Society though it did not disband ceased to study Shakspeare. This was owing to absence from the Territory of many of its members; since then it has held no meetingsother than those of a purely social character. Seven of the 'members have graduated from college and received de grees, while nearly all of them are gradu- ates of the University of Deseret. . Mrs.-Horuer- -at Miss-Alice-Merrill One. feature not to be over presented. looked was the "Budget Box, " introduced by' Major Woods, now a prominent Jawyer of Idaho. In t.this box were regularly placed by anonymous contributors articles of a humorous and satirical nature, which were read each evening to the Society by one of the members previously appointed for that purpose. This part of the pro gram always caused much merriment, though the personalities indulged in by the authors of these articles often created and were deprecated by the majority of the members. The Wasatch continued in a prosperous condition, increasing m membership and popularity for about three years, when some of its. members left the Territory and others engaged in occupations which prevented them any longer giving ' time to such, pursuits. ; A great amount of talent . was developed in this Society and tastes were formed which decided more than one of. the members in the choice of his profession or vocation. Several have since become prominent as' journalists, lawyers, actors, musicians, poets and historians. 0n the 18th, of June, 189a, a reunion was held at the home of Mrs. F. G. Kimball nee Miss Keetie Key wood. Every member was in vited and some of them traveled long distances to be present on the occasion, which proved a very enjoyable one. , "The EDITORIAL NOTE- SWasatch days" will ever be remembered with "pleasure and pride by all who were" The Y. XTN. M. I. A. of this County connected with the Society. gave an entertainment in the magnificent pavilion at Saltair, August nth, ult., at THE AZALEA. which some of the best local talent of the On October 25, 1875, another Society City appeared .in music and recitations.' was formed bearing the" above title. The Nellie C. Taylor presided in the absence of name was chosen because of the beauty the President, Mary A. Freeze. After a and rarity of the Azalea flower. The selection on the piano bv Kate Rom young people who composed this association President Wilford Woodruff made an ad were actuated by a desire to belong to a dress which was highly appreciated; His literary organization and being ineligible, voice was clear as that of most youne men on account of their youth, as members of and he was listened to with the most marked the Wasatch they conceived the idea of attention while he graphically related some converting a card club, previously organized of the experiences of the pioneers to this into such a society. Accordingly, on the once barren desert. The solos bv Bessie date given at the home of Mr. John D.1 Deane Allison and Louie Poulton. also the Spencer the reorganization took place, the duet by Maggie Bassett and Thos. Ashworth President were very fine. Dr. M, Hughes Cannon's following officers being elected. Vice F. Felt; President, John D. rendition of "The Sioux. Chief s Daughter'" George B. Felt, and was.excellent also B. L. Young's humorous Charles Spencer; Secretary Treasurer, James Miller. This Society reading. Gov. Caleb JWest's address was was a particularly happy one, the members effective, particularly in his ovation to the all being congenial and their aim, which pioneers. . ihe guitar and mandolin clubs was to combine intellectual improvement discoursed sweet music;' and Prof W ... p with innocent pleasures, was certainly; Clive with his violin soloMaggie Taylor praise wortny. ine ;agreement made by accompanist were fully appreciated . : ' mno each male memljer pnor to his initiation is anvays sweeter and more nnnn touchingx was that he would dbstain from all intoxi- ?the water; and the Saltair - pavilion is built cants, tobacco in every form,- profane1 out in the Dead Sea of the West. A dinlanguage and conduct unbecoming a gentle- - ner was given by the Committee of this . ; ill-feeli- ne . ; , Association after the exercises were over and conversation and inusicmade a happy finale to the brilliant entertainment. The Annual Convention of the National American Woman Suffrage Association of Utah will be held in the 14th Ward Assembly, Rooms in this city, on .(Thursday, October 5th. The business meeting will commence at 10 o'clock in the morning, and it is earnestly requested by the Tresi! dent, Sarah M. Kimball, and the other officers that Delegates from all the countries should be present and take part in the election of officers for the ensuing vpnr and vote" for a Delegate to the Annual Convention in Washington.- At two p. m, the Convention proper will be held when It is expected there will be brief addresses by the ablest exponents of Woman Suffrage in the Territorv. and the results of tlm moniincr voted Executive meeting upon. Presidents in the several counties should give special attention to this notice and to the circular letters sent QUt by the Cor. Sec'y. It is intended to make this Convention attractive and telling in the ' cause, ihe public are invited to the alter--,' noon session, which is sure to be interest- . . Ter-ritori- - in-th- a m m m . , - Till; Conference of the Relief Society of this Stake of Zion will be held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this city on Friday September 22nd,. meetings Yommencirig at 10 A. M. and at 2 p. m.as usual. Repre-- " sentatives from all the branches in the county are earnestly requested to attend as well as all members who can be present! The public are also cordially invited and a special invitation is hereby extended, to the presiding authorities of the Church and of the Stake and to all Bishcps and brethren interested in this benevolent institution. OMAS 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st South St., SAWSL LAKE CITY. . The Leading Retail TT ousr. Cash Jti .THOMAS Iiisi'ii Keeps on Iland -- .5 , t 1 -- - .. - -- : , al DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS X AND STATIONERY, EQUIPOISE WAISTS, ETC. l Drut irraklnsr In all its branches, MlUInery, lates styles, flats Bonnets and cleaned and retrimmed1 etc. Stamping; jrtorc to order. But tons covered while you wait. Ilnrlal Snlts a Speelaly Feathers curled, "Wr XN U. AX Q Dr. ELLIS WEST TISMPLK STKISIiT, 0pp. Grant Bros. Stables. ;; SUKGEOX AND ACCOUCHEUR. li.SIilPP ...... . , Diseases of Women n Specialty. Instructions upon these subjects; two classes taught yearly, beginning respectively Oct. 10th and April 10th. Reviews given to former students free of charge. For particulars enquire personally or by letter at No. 18 Main St., Salt Lake City. ' : 