104 EXPONENT. WOMAN'S The choir were in attendance and her remains Catholic, including such men as Archbishop were conveyed to the Cemetery .followed by her Dr. Rev. M. P, rMci)onnell, Corrigan, Bishop family, relatives and many friends. M. 'King, 'Lyman Abbott, 'Rev. Dr. James the annual report.' Rev. Dr. W. R. Huntington, and others, lit solutions of respect to the memory of of the will of .the late Amelia Edwards were outspoken in their denunciations A Sister AnnaWinkler Anderson .".widow of Glaus By a chair of Egyptology has been fonnded in; scheme which they considered a debasing P. Anderson who departed this life Aug 17, 1892. of heart disease. Sifter Anderson was bom in of tilings holy, and-thUniversity College, London, England. turning of a reSwitzerland July 28, 181 2; she was a faithful memfunction into a sacrilegous spectacle. ber of the Burrville ligious Relief Society and was first Lady Somerset and Miss Wi Hard will The stated Counselor at 4he -- time of her death. Resolved-tha- t people of Qk.Tammergau. have spend, the winter in a canpaign that conwe regret the loss of her presence in r ur1 idea of they never entertained the throughout England. .Society and that we .deeply sympathize with the senting to come "to America for the A u. Federal Suffrage petitions should be sent in at once, so as to be included in . e -- JTiijYDineiiOheJpubl vital an inteiest in its welfare as men have, and they should take as deep an interest is its politics and all that advances or retards its prosperity. New York Recorder. This 'ust meeting of theTNew England Woman's Club was commemorative of the beloved poet Whittier. Very tender, very appreciative and beautiful were the tributes by those who had known and loved Mr. Whittier. be -- represented for the first time at the coming annual meeting Woman Suffrage of the National-America- n Association, to be held in Washington in The delegate chosen is Mrs. January. Viola Neblctt, of Greenville. ..iSauXHJCarolina Jtvill- - e, . At the Art Exhibitiou held early in August in" Munich, Bavaria, Mr. Whistler, York, were awarded medals of the first class. Two other American artists, Messrs Dewing and Hasscncluldc, of New York, were honored with-- medals : of the second- - class. - Preparations have been several in portant new dramatic: productions. 'Haddon Hall, ' ' the joint work of Sir Arthur Sullivan and Mr. Sidney Grundy, scored a popular success at its first presentation in the Savoy Theater, London, Eng., on September 17. It is a "light" rather than a "comic" opera, in which love and serious interest ' although, in the libretto the author of. the 'Wicar of Bray" has shown the influence of the author of "Pinafore. " The story is based upon an historical inci dent, the romantic elopement of the Puritan Dorothy Vernon, daughter of the master of Haddon Hall, wjtlr. Philips The y6uhgcFson of the Karl of Ru2ahd. incident occured in the time of Elizabeth;i).utr for dramatic purposes, the scenes have ' been laid in the days of the Commonwealth. -- Haddon Rutland family,- and 'Dorothy Vernon's Walk," the- window from, which the "maiden signaled to her lover, and the door from which she escaped, are still pointed out. are'-prominen- t, . - Committee of the N. f- S. A.Business has elected Mrs. Harriet Taylor A UK . W.- I Intnii Ac ill li lif- - rn t mv-n- f t Jane II. r? ei-rr- Spofford finding it necessary; to, resign. A resolution of thanks was voted to Mrs. SpofTord who has for so many years filled this office and contributed to the success of the Washington Convention. - Let every friend of woman suffrage"" see or write at once to his or her own Representative and Senator, asking each of them to work and vote for municipal women sufT rage in the Legislature; If this were promptly and generally done, the month of ..- question, "Is journalism-- good profession for women?' - say sr M The journalist must be bom as well as the poet though he be not so rare. It requires a degree of creative ... , Sarah Jane .Layton widow of the late Abraham Layton and daugh er of Wm. L. and Catherine Payne died at her home in Kaysville of consumption Nov. i6th 1S92. Deceased was born in Nauvoo, Nov. 22nd 1844, came to Utah when a child with her parents has ever been a faithful member of the Church of y Saints also a teacher in the Relief Society for many years, as long as her health would permit her to fill the office. She was the mother of nine children; seven are left to mourn the loss of a kind and affectionate mother also eight grand -- lu t,uc au ixjwci ............ t .... t1 aceeuiauie-rrrs . t X s God in his wisdom has recalled, The boon his love had given And though the body molders here The soul is safe in heaven. $ AiraiF Burr .z-- z ZilphaZ Hancock. Delia P. Whitehead. writer HE HUGHES CANNON, DOCTOR MAT Office: II South, First West Street. Office practice for Disease? of Women from until 4 p. m. wit r?Mjw WW " Tim proposal tovrcpT6ucFa"rtIiMV Fair the Passion Play of Oberammergau lancii imuuu. xi arousea extreme, opposition throughout thei country; aiii eminent" clergymen, both Protestant and , " ; flgt'll Keeps on Iland DRESS COODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- - POISE VAISTS, ETC. Dress plating in ' LranhCiv JUIIIiierj, latH and Hon nets defined and retrimmed Feathers curled, etc. Stamping dorc lo order. But Jy'lycced while yuu walt Ilurlal.Snits a Specialty Zz styjps, All-it- llatn q ? M t,SJU.LJ.- ; s - nitsT south stuket, Three doorsTrest of Theatre 1 MRS. M. E. VAN, M. D. HAS REMOVED her office from Constitution Building to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Office hoiirs, 2 to 4 p nv .e:,thoma 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1 st South St., Sarah B. SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail Layton Prest. R.S. Died in Nephi Juab County, Dec. 24th, 1892 of fever Mercy, beloved wife of James and Vickersj daughter of the late Samuel Pitch-- " forth and Sarah A. Goldsbrough I'itchforth, aged .23 y ears.- - Sh e lea ves a htisban d and twochi I d ren tiie youngest a baby 8 days old. The remains-werfolio a ed to the First Ward Meeting House her family and relatives.;; by .The funeral services were conducted by Bishop. "Warner, President Paxmari;" J" G. Rigler and Cbucselor Sptrry, each made very remarksaided by the Spirit of God, appropriate comforting the bereaved who were present; and an earnest .prayer was offered by Pres.. Paxman invoking the blessings of God unon all; who arP rucA mourn the loss of their loved oneandjanQaall, y presentr-fctaTrupon her absent .and only brother who is op a mission to England. a sh H on s r v OMAS e Like all literary work, journalism must to a considerable degree choose her votaries rarher than be chosen by them." '2 Lat-terda- child-be- d inereiore ' .women who ask only 'Does it pay?-n- vill find":manyuestion mediately important before it will pay them. : OBITUARIES. January might see this great step in progress taken by Masclmsetts,- - Maine and Nejv Hamsphire. - What is needed is a general expression- by women and men in ; its favor. Miss Lieian Whiting, in answer to the .children. " - ; 4 - ; 'i -- HalHs-stitl'theprpperty-Fthe f-r- c r - - 1 first insane asylum ever erected in the Chinese Empire is now being projected by Dr. E. P. Thwing, who, with his wife and daughter, has gone to China at his to complete the arrangements atw Canton. .. . ... . have been made for the production of Sir Hdwiu Arnold's new play "The Story of Adzuma." It is written in the same blank verse as "The Light of the Worltl. ' ' The beautiful heroine, who sacrifices her life to save her husband and- her honor, is a pure and true type of the highest Japanese womanhood. In some of its tragic scenes, the work equals those beauti ful passages ir "The Light of the World" jyMch picture the sorrow and repentance tf- the Magdalene. It illustrates with close fidelity, the manners and motives 6i the v . Japanese people. . There The own-expens- bereaved family. Resolved that these resolu'ions bespread upon our Relief Society records and a copy be sent to the bereaved family also- a copy be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. . A precious one from us has gone, is ; loved we A voice stilled, A place is vacant in our home Which never can be filled. : ; le-p- hy -- , . v i ng- - tl rxxseof-g-i TINNERS GAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS 3rAgent for RUMSEY'8 celebrated LIFT and FORtt FiimpIiepalred on short notice. Orders fro if lieeooDtry promptly responded to. "FtTMPS. AVD UKI3. Bsx 3CS, SILT tAX !'' 