KX PONE NT. WOMAN'S Hyde felt grateful that her. life Had been spared, that she again had the privilege of : meeting with the sisters; also of the great power that attended tiie oeaicaiory service; of the Salt Lake Temple and the, great humility that was manifested by the brethren "The people of the world are beginning to investigate the religion of the Saints Lord is pro- of God. The work gressing as it never did before" Blessed the sisters in. the name ... of the Lord.. Brother . C. H. Wheelock spoke of the union, love and faith existing among the sisters; prayed that the spirit of God might rest upon those who are to lead us. Singing "Sweet is the work my Go,d, my BKing," benediction by Brother Johnson. well as the living. It is very necessary for us to be economical these trying times. There are a great many things to cheer saints. We should improve every opportunity of preparing ourselves ,to keep up with the times. May we live so as to have the good willof our Heavenly Father Sister Browet a very aged lady bore her testimony then related a very interesting dream, after which she spoke in tongues which was interpreted by Sister Eliza Clark. . President Sarah B. Lay ton represented Kaysville Society, and made some very' interesting remarks; said she had been in the' Church fifty-tw- o years and had never had a. doubt of .the truth of the Gospel and hoped That nothing would ever come along that would prove a stumbling block to her x for she had a desire to press forward to the end. Mrs. Helen Miller represented Farming-- , ton. President Mary A Walker represented Syracuse. President Grant then adjourned meeting until afternoon. Singing "My. God the spring of all my joys." Benediction by Bishop Barton. " - . " . , afternoon " and-Mant- After the usual opening exercises, Sister Andrews" reported South Hooper and Sister Page South Bountiful, the remarks were all good and en- couraging. Home spoke very and interestingly about the lengthilyWorld's Fair, said the exhibits wrere beautiful almost beyond description. Sister Aurelia Rogers said she had enjoyed, the meeting and could testify that the Sisters Wells and - spirit of the Lord was here. Bishop Barton, VI will merely say that I have been very much interested in the of the sisters and also the description " , re-ma- rks or Peterson presiding. of Israel." Prayer offered by Bishop C. C. N. Dorius. Singing "Sing to the great Jehovah's praise." The branches of the Gunnison Relief. Society of Ephraim, were represented as being in a. , afternoon session: Sarah Singing "Redeemer MEETiNG:-Counsel- -- i good condition. Sister Keller expressed her thankfulness for the knowledge of the Gospel that she had received and bore her testimong to its divinity. "There is no pleasure in living a sinful life, but great joy in doing the will of God. Mothers, teach your children the principles of the gospel as soon as they begin to understand." Sister Lund expressed her desire to do right and prove faithful to the end. Sister Nancy Acord said we will have to be very humble and prayerful if we attain to the blessings we, have set oui aim for. Sister Hasler advised us to put in practice the teachings wre had received at this conference. Sister Anderson bore her testi- inony to the truth of the gospel. Let us help one another in spiritual and temporal -- IthingsVjCounselor of "God in inspiring the men to get up these giving good advice to the sisters in regard' ' artistic designs. I can testify to the good to their duties. Counselor M iuerva W. Snow" spoke of that the Relief Society has done, it - is a great help to the, bishops," spoke about the the good qualities of our President, Sister times said we should act wisely and econo Hyde and of the testimonies of the sisters, mise, the women can do a great deal in referred to what Brother Woodruff said at connection with their husbands, spoke about the dedication of the Temple, always speak helping the poor, I pray the spirit of the ywell of Zioa. "If we. do this we will not Lord will rest upon us as a people, etc. speak against the authorities of the Church President Grant adjourned the meeting or those who are placed oyer us. There J for three months to East Bountiful. Singare only a few living at the present time, ing "May the Grace of. Christ our that have had the privilege of seeing the Saviour," etc. Benediction by President prophet Joseph. What a' great work he C. Sessions, Mary A. Walker. Pin-bperformed in organizing this church and ' how merciful the Lord has been unto us in Sec. V SANPETE STAKE. gathering us from all parts of the earth and that we have had the privilege of hearing The Relief Society Conference of the the testimony of the truth and receiving Sanpete Stake of Zion convened in the Mt. it." Spoke at some length of the duties Pleasant Meeting House, June 9, 1893. of the sisters and of the blessings the Lord President Marr Ann Price Hyde presiding. is bestowing- upon us daily. President M. C6nferenceopeued with singing'fiLmy A. P. Hyde ,Vho came in after the opening Father thou that dwellest. " Prayer offered of the meeting, was thankful that her by Brother Edward Cliff, singing "Come counselors had been so energetic in carryr let us anew out journey pursue " - Counsel- ing on the work in her absence- - Welose or Sarah Peterson spoke of. the many a great deal by not living near unto the Saints in Lord,' ' spoke in tongues, and the interpre. privileges we enjoy as Latter-da- y building temples and assisting in building tation was given by Counselor M. W. Canute Peterson spoke of the up the kingdom of God. Expressed her in Sister seeing pleasure Hyde with us promises that were made to the Latter-da- y so after an absence. Saints in. the Salt Lake Temple, if they again long Minutes of the last conference were then would keep, the commandments of God. read. The branches of the Relief Society "If we have a humble and contrite of Fairview, Spring City, Mt. Pleasant, and keep the laws of God, our sinsspirit, will Chester, Milburn, May field' and Fountain be forgiven us." Bishop Lund asked the Green were represented their presidents, Lord to help us in the perfoimance of our all testifying of the unity that existed duties. Singing 'Do what is right " President M. A. P. : Benedictionj among the sisters. -- e , . ... - . Snow-Preside- nt 4 1812. - Wars mark epochs in the history of nations.. The war of 18 12 was the struggle of youth, against the usurpations of a one time parent;1 and as thrice armed is he who has his quarrel just; the youth passed victoriously in this the struggle as gold, through the refiner's fire. Since England through lier despotic of-th- e , , THE WAR OF the ' choicest of she lost no opportunity in harrassing her commercial, as well as political relations with the United States. The causes which led to this second strug policy had forfeited her-dependenc- gle with England, date back almost from the Revolutionary War. As mountain streams converge, in the valley into the one river whose rising flood rolls on majestically to the sea, so did the many difficulties which the United States Government had to contend with, have the result which forms the subject of this paper. The somewhat desultory warfare on the Mediterranean, the strained relations with France, a war with that nation being averted by the pacific rulings of Thomas Jefferson; an almost fruitless, endeavor, to procure an amicable understanding with Spain; and finally the insolence of the English Government, led to the formal declaration of war in 181 2. Napoleon's w7ar with the British power gave a great impetus to the commerce of our nation: Owing to the neutral policy affected by the United States her source of reienue wras greatly enlarged. Acting under the principle that no country had any. rigfyt whatever to carry on commercial relations with a nation with whom she was at war, England Jn 1805 seized Jipon no, less thari twenty merchantmen. ies ; ,.. -- ReferringTthis JMrMonroe: had .scarcely reached London (from Spain) before the vessels had been brought into the. British channel and that by'condemnation of more than one of them the Admiralty Count had settled the principle." Not only was the commerce attacked but as John Quincy Adams termed it: "The from United States right of -- " ? man-stealin- V essels. g .1 v- -: ; British officers boarded American Merchantmen and pressed into the English service, any sailors, down to the beardless middy, that they chose to make British subjects. When Congress convened in the year 1806 the President's message truly said, 'The aspect of our foreign relations is much changed." . Jefferson recommended such measures as would strengthen the- neutral policy, already adopted by the American Government "and also recommended his pet scheme of defences by gunboat; "to have a competent number of ,gunboatsf r and competent 4 1 - - ; " 7 7 7T "'v'." meant considerable. Commercial intercourse with England was forbidden. That session of d $250,000 for building gun boats and $150,000 for fortifying the ports and harbors, just as soon as the' United States would finish a gunboat, or repair a port, England would checkmate her by having a corresponding number of vessels sailing in American Waters. Thus we see the two nations steadily moving along the lines, to the point where a rupture must come and the probable of 61F of llie Congres-appropriate- des-tructi- on . 