EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 142 .will be a record of their history" and sojt is be carried on simultaneously, dealing with the above subjects in a popular manner, while, in fifteen other halls of the building, sneoinlktd will find" nrovkion for the dis- cussion of their favorite topics in greater arranged, to be called the World's Congress of Representative women, in Which these great subjects,will be viewed from a different standpoint, its object being to discuss, not the subject in itself, but the relation of tlie women of the world to the. subject. All officers of the: Relief Society and all the members of the Society who can, should take it and read it and keep it by them for reference, and if one is not able tp do so alone two or three can put detail. The closing day of this Congress, Sunday the means together, but there are very few been sent to every national association of certainly who cannot afford one dollar per May 21, will witness that which is, possibly, women m the United States. Canada the most striking proof of the wonderful year, to help maintain air organ devoted esFrance, Ger- pecially to theelevation of woman kmd and change in woman's position manifested EnglandTTreland, Scotland, t within the last half century her entrance many, JJelgium, Norway, bwedeu, Denhumanity everywhere. into the pulpit as ordained preacher, and mark, and Finland, and to individual vo Wis learned with deep regret of the death into the field of music as composer.- ;- Sun-d- a : men of eminence in Italy, Greece, Spain, China, Japan, South services will be Poland, Russia, v niorninir the religious ot Miss Mary E. Seymour, which occurred 0 0 the last week in March, after a four days conducted by a body of regularly ordained America, New Zealand, Austria, Holland, illness from pneumouia. For the last five wromeu ministers from all denominations Turkey, Iceland, Mexico; Switzerland, and years Atiss Seymour has been the editor and which recognize. women in this capacity, the India to send representatives to this special ; publisher of the Business Woman 's Jour- sermon to be delivered by the Rev. Anna Congress. of kinds Two nal which was lately merged into the Howard Shaw, of the Methodist Protestant programs have been planAmerican Woman's Journal published by Church, one of the most eloquentpeakeij ned, one presenting the topics to be conn a stock company , ... Miss Sey mour was a in the- United Statesr--Ithe evening a sidered in a method calculated to interest "member of the American Society of Authors sacred concert, with music composed, rengeneral audiences, the other arranged with and of the Woman's Press Club. dered and conducted by wromen. will close reference to specialists who wish to con sider the same topics with greater detail the exercises of the day and week. Verily, may every woman's- heart'swTell than would be possible for large miscellaneWORLD'S CONGRESS QF WOMEN. .with, joyful anticipations,' as she considers ous gatherings. The intention is to make Under the Auspices of the Woman's this signal proof that at last even a portion this (which is the first of the series, opening Branch of the Worlds :ongressAuxz. of the ruling sex is ready to say to her, May- -1 5 th V Well done good and faithful servant; thou Memorial Congress, and to have its papers 1fary, Chicago, May iSpj. hast been faithful over a few things, I will and addresses chronicle what the Congress make thee ruler over for while itself will celebrate, namely, the progress The world's great advance towarde a woman's exclusion frommany;", the pulpit con-- , of woman since the discovery of this contihigher wisdom than that which estimates turned every messaere she uttered in the in- - nent in 1492. Each countrr represented value merely by material gain, is interestterests of morality suffered a depreciation in, the. Congress is expected to send reports ingly exemplified in the mere. , fact . that in. popular esteem similar "to that of coin showing woman's advance in that country superb provisio'n'is'made for the presentation deliberately debased by the Government. along the various Hues above mentioned, of the intellectual and moral progress of Woman in the setting forth her present educational opporpulpit at this Chicago Conmankind, side by side with its material is gress an omen of the new day,of univertunities, and the agencies through which improvement at the approaching Columbian sal justice, when mankind shall at last agree these opportunities have been received, also Exposition. mat and not sex, shall decide what the objects now sought in each couutry by Over 100 Congresses for the discussion of is ability, proper to be done by each human being; its leaders. .'. ,. the vital subjects affectiiitr human welfare and notior:w;omeii . alone,; for-thiri but whole j Eight rooms rme''Art"Talacewili be set are to be held in ?? race will that new day be glorious for it .aside for the use General De- position the first beginning May 15th, and shall mark the opening of thenepoch' of the ' partments intd which the work of the Concontinuing one week, the others to follow hghest human development. gress is divided (one room being assigned in successive weeks until the close of the to each department,) and in these rooms Fair in October. J In order .. to ... maJce-thes: Tins mxiquefeatiTfe ofTthe coming will be conducted a constant series of. "Congresses most easily accessible to the genWorld's Fair, that which chiefly dis- special conferences of an informal eral public, the managers of this depart-men- t from all it its is the character, which will enable women en- of the Columbian Exposition have tinguishes for a series predecessors, of Congresses in gaged in the same work to become acquaintarrangement wisely arranged that they shall be held, which the moral and intellectual side of the- ed with one another, aud also with the the Fair grounds, but near the center vvuiiu b progress may ue sec iortn in con: various methods by which the work is pro of the city, in the beautiful new Art Palace with the exposition of its material secuted in dmerent parts of the world. erected for this purpose on the lake front, junction advance. In the other seven halls meetings of the close to the principal hotels. Into this new Near the centre of the city, conveniently various associations ir represented in the every one mat ttorsteth close to the principal hotels, a beautiful icrapxcui learning Advisory Council of the Congress will be c 1, fnr IrnnxxrlAflnrf lie Wif f i.iiv wvai.Ul Our nas ji been erected "wivvijjv luuugui Duuding by the held, each association to have one, day for day on the problems of the period may, of the Directory of the World's Fair, its own special use, arranging its own pro without money and without price, enter the City, of Chicago,. and the Chicago Art gram, providing its own speakers, and with freely, and hear these questions discussed tor trie its own : officers presiding-institute, express purpose of proThose whe by able speakers. suitable for these quarters have already completed their preparations CongressThe opening Congress, May 15 to 22, will viding es, bu t which is also planned to remain as a and requested the use of a hall are as fol-- , probably attract the largest convocation of permanent, memorial Art Palace for the lows: The Woman's National Indian As women to be found in Chicago during any city- - ; This building, with an entrance on sociation, Association of one week of the Fair. For at this time is Collegiate Alumnae, Avenue and Adams comJUicmgan American Street, to be held the Memorial Congress devoted Society of; Authors, Woman's two large halls, each with prises Home Mission General seating Baptist to. the unique puroose of setHno- Wfi, ti; .vim wuv capacity of twentyfive hundred, aud twenty Federation of Women's Society, National Clubs, intellectual, moral and material progress of f smauer two irom nans, hu ndred to seating Woman's Chnstian me women or me world irom the discovery seven hundred Temperance Union, which each, furnish Woma together n's the of America in 1492. down to the nreenf r. . . RepublicanrAssodatio .A me lor conduct of the United States, National CounciLoF Women, . pciicct appumiments time. -- To' this special Congress have been various and Conferences : Congresses . to -- be Woman's " Western U nitarian Conference, invited wromen rx ciyjiieuee.--4ro- r every convened" between May' 15th, and NovemColumbian portion of the" civilized world. Housekeepers' Association. ber I st. .Vl. t National" American Woman Suffrage As whom have already signified their intention While in each of these mqre. than one to De present and participate. Here .wili be sociation, Woman's Foreign Missionary hundred Congresses (devoted to the disSociety of" the Reformed Church in the gathered together, from the four quarters of cussion of Education, Industry, Art and United States, international Council of the globe those most noted for their interest Literature, and MorPhilanthropy in Education, Industry, Art aud Literature Women, National Women's al and Social Reform, Religion,Charity Science and Christian and Philanthropy Temperance Union . Youns: Charity, Moral and Social Philosophy, Civil Law and Government) Ladies' Reform, Religion, Science and Philosophy., women Mutual Improvement Association, will particinate nornf-Htu . ITT Civil Law and Government. In two halls . . vvimodaugiisis, International Kindergarten detr'iw in 1 t 'ua of the Art Palace Cwitkseatinfrlcamcltf -2.5CO of the America,! Revolution, w x t f 111 in a great degree. - . est ' - - - -- -- r . . - and-eonti- nui ngueweeka" 15-2- 2, A. . X. " , - ---- -- e coniunction-AVith'-thpr-F?-- of-the-erer- ht . -- e not-withi- n - ; -- 1 a ; . ' co-operati- on . ' - '. : i -- m : Non-Partisa- n ; ? J V 1 HarapHtDattghttrsOrder of toeonejpeoalCongress Basieen . thlr'Basteru-Star- ;- UyaiWimen 