136 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. I will trust that vengeance overtake that robber of my peace of hearty that act, and ITEMS FROM ST.' GEORGE. . has brought upon us all this woe, that light may break upon my eyes' that I can see my pathway clearly.' ' Then when the news comes ' that Jacob is in prison and the estate redeemed, - Zoe " - says, , . "George I love you too well to wish you to link your fate with mine. Be reconciled with reason, fate Dora for your wife, and forget me in your love for her. If I do right upon this earth then shall I reap a reward in the .future. My life shall be devoted to others good alone." ' B. Emily Spencer. NOTES AND NEWS. Senate has reported favorably on. the bill to extend township and municipal suffrage to ' '. women. ' Rev.. .Olympia Brown will have the svmnathv of manv friends in ffop loss nf Tipr - husband, Mr. Willis. WE note with regret the suspension of the Arkansas Woman's Chronicle, at the end of its fifth year. It was bright, witty a j j ana11nas 1Deen an wise anaj visitor to our sanctum. 7 The ' v: . : a. ever-welco- d, me and rest and change have become imperative for her. The Chronicle has 'fought; '' May it be able to' return to goo d fight. the field with renewed vigor! fix. , The Countess of Aberdeen lends the force of her example and voice to the cause of woman suffrage. She thinks women owe it tOJthemselves and to the" public to take part n politics. Camilla Collett, the Norwegian writer who has been called the ' 'Mme. de Sevigne of Norway, " was 8o years old a few weeks ago, and a great festival was held in Christiana to cejebrate the day. She has worked , -- . -- tin ii vi . . wt v.uiiaii.iiiociiiciit ui wu- Henrik Ibsen was present at the aiiw iui men. banquet given in her honor, and the town was illuminated by a long procession of students bearing torches. Mrs. Lucy Stone gave a talk before the ' Boston, Massachusetts, Ministers Monday Club not. long since on ' 'Equal Suffrage for Women.?' .'. It is "announced that the '.English women who are preparing for the art exhibit at Chicago have selected the following pictures for the Woman's Building to exemplify the achievements of their sex with the brnsh audi palette: "To the Front," by Lady Butler, the fine representation of a detachment of cavalry riding out of the gate of an old town in Brittany; "A Regatta," by ; " Miss JVioniaiDa; "drowning s faiace at Venice, " by Miss Clara Montalba; and a portrait study by Miss Hilda Montalba; the d portrait of a child, by Miss ' , Alice Grant'Eurydice, " by Henrietta Rae; "MofiyV. Ball Dress,", by Mrs. Perugini, and an exquisite little scene of a cottage garden by Mrs. Allingham . Ex . much-admire- j -- An English salt concern has made a salt statue, modeled after Bartholdi's. Liberty Enlightening the World," in New York harbor. The statue is 5 J feet high and stands on a rock salt base 7 feet high. The salt was taken from a mine 250 feet deep; The English firm will send it as an exhibit " to the World's Fair, r '; ; ; ' ; . in Dixie are still alive to our duties in the I. good works of Relief Society, Mutual Im- provement ana rnmary Associations, and also have the interest .of the World's Fair at heart; I'll write you a short account of a trip just taken, by" Mrs. Ann C. V00d-- j burry, Julia' H; Ivins, Clara C. Cannon, of Salt Lake; and myself, taken in their lih- terest. We left St. George, Feb, 13th,' visited five of the settlements on the Rio Vergin River ';a4dJ invited the other two small towns to meet with us at the nearest large settlement thus we were enabled, to meet with the aformentioned associations and found them all doing a good work; and all showed an interest in contributing in every way possible to the World's Fair. ; From the river settlements; we went via Bellevue to Harmony back to Bellevue and Leeds, meeting with the same organizations' in these places found the same interest manifest in these places as we have ; We traveled one hundred and sixty seven miles heldiburteen meetings in one week and returned .home safely feeling' well paid ' for our time and hard riding over, "Dixie roads," the hospitality and" good feelings we met on every hand makes us feel that we have m this part of the land come to that time referred to in the hymn, 'When every man in every place shall meet a brother and a friend," we ladies met as brothers, sisters and friends and seemed to be appreciated by all. ; . ; ; The judiciary committee of the Illinois sweet.-tempere- Woman's Exponent: Editor ' 'Just to let you know that we away off : dis-cribe- d. 4 - ha!rfiil tr th nrnr unrl willinor trt nn ail Shf mil In to aid the sick and suffering. We realize our , loss is her gain, so we say rest in peace. ' R. S. Prest. E. Walker Lydia -- ' J'2 ' Sec.II Harriet M. Marchant, " - i i j 1 ' t i ' , I ' ( - Died in Kanosh Millard Co. Utah, Dec. nth, Elizabeth Turner Barney daughter of Walter and Lydia Turner, born in Mattison Town1892. ship, Green'Co. Ohio July 30th, 1808.; She was she married to Lewis Barney in 1833, Walhad six children, three of whom are living', ter in Arizona, Henry and Joseph in Kanosh,. her son William Orson fourteen years old was slain by Indians, in Circle Valley Utah, while seeking the cows, in the year 1865. Sister Barney-joinethe Church with her husband either in the or early in i844,near Nauvoo and passed 1843 year the mobbings and drivings, and uncom-- . through plainingly bore the privations and sufferings inci- -, dent to those years of persecution. Came on Bluffs in 1846 and resided at Bullock's' Grove three or four years, moved to Six Mile Grove,and came on to Utah in 1852 came to Spanish Fork and resided there about ten years; came on south to Circle Valley and resided there until driven out by hostile Indians. Afterward settled in Kanosh where she has resided up to the time of her death. ; Sister Barney was eminently a woman of peace, of unwavering faith in the Gospel as restored to earth through the Prophet Joseph Smith and died with the hope of a glorious resur-- ; ' rection. Com, 1 by-whom- - J r d v DOCTOR MATTIE HUGHES CANNON, Office: I lSouth, First West Street. Office practice for Diseases of Women from 2 . until ' 4. p. m. V. . . " Mouje Judd. OBITUARIES. Hannah OLES0N,'or better known as Hannah Neilson, died at her home in Hooper, Weber Co. of old age, Feb. 7th, 1893. Deceased was born in Bosarp, Malmo Sweden, Oct. 16th, 1816. She was the daughter of; Anders Oleson and Ellen Jipson. . She first heard the Gospel in the summer of 1857 and on the 26th, day of December of the same year she was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day 'Saints, by Elder Neils Johnson; her only bed was often vacated for the weary Elders and she divided her last crust of bread with them and washed their wounds when they had been mobbed. She left her native land in the spring of 1862, bound for Zion; she crossed the Ocean in a sailing vessel and crossed the plains with arriving in Salt Lake in the fall; she left home, relatives and all she held dear for the Gospel's, sake, being the only one of her family that joined the Church. From Salt Lake she moved to Round Valley, Morgan Co. She was one of the Pioneers to Hooper, Weber Co. coming to this place in 1869. In August, 1871, the Relief Society was organized and she was one of the first teachers" chosen, in which capacity she labored unlil the day of her death; she would sometimes walk two aud three miles, when she was over seventy-fiv- e years of to to age, get her meetings; she died as she had Saint. A loving lived, a faithful Latter-da-y mother and a friend to the poor and needy; she leaves ofle son and nine grand children to mourn her loss, she will be missed by all. DIANTHA A. MUNSEE, Sec. ox-team- s, Editor Woman's Evtxment :' ' It is. with sad feelings that we announce the Handeath of our beloved sister and nah Maria Russell Marchant who died Feb. 22nd, co-labo- I Ilia's n 1 1 Keeps on Hand X DRESSGOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY; ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS ND STATIONERY, EQUI J POISE WAISTS, ETC. Dress Making in all its branches, Millinery, lates styles, Hats and Bonnets cleaned and retrimmed Feathers cur!edetc Stamping: done to order. But tons covered whileou wait. Burial Suits a Specialty TEMPLE STREET," KTr A1 . -Cj-- WEST k MRS . m. VAN, M. D. HAS REMOVED her office, from Constitution Building to her residence, 67 THIRD STREET. Office hours, 2 to 4 p m- - p,. Til 1.1 26, 28, 30and32 East 1st SouthSt, ; SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail " Oasli House ; rer 1893-- - She came from England to Utah when she was a young girl, and has lived in Peoa ever since. She was born August 6th, 1850. She married John A. Marchant November 1867, was the mother of eleven children, six of whom are left to mourn her loss. She was a member of Peoa Relief Society" from its organization and held the office of Secretary about 'twelve years; and performed the duties of that office to the best of her ability. She was faithful and true- - to every .... 'J obligation in life. We shall miss her in every gathering, she was ? ; TIMNERS CAS,WATER & STEAM FITTERS AgeDt for UUMSEYVS celebrated LIFT and KOK"i V try promptly responded to. DAVID JAMES, Box. 306. Salt La ke City 