WOMAN'S 58 EXPONENT i - SALT LAKE CO.. W. S. A. in question by acquainted,, yet they wen; people of land, you would be called her brother, and Mr. Harrison, who would social distinction, and had come to America Tiik regular monthly meeting of the W. some of them iii official' positions, and were not leave a stone unturned, or a question S. A. of Salt Lake Co. convened in the well posted concerning affairs in the new unanswered irk reference to the circumWard Assembly Rooms, Sep. 19th, land, and eager for news from the opposite stances, I warn you now to beware, how 13th, side of the- Atlantjc. The first few days you trifle with one who has given up all 1S93. President Nellie Taylor in the chair! were all bustle and excitement, and 'Lord else for you, ' and seriously consider hp w opened by singing "Why do we seek" &c Prayer by Vice President K. M. Price, sang and Lad v Walton were made much of in you have repaid her." &c. Roll called, .: a social way, and received with enthusiasm, Maitland grew paleland trembled for he "O, ye fairtile ones" previous meeting were read and for a time this was very gratifying to saw how dreadfully in earnest Mrs. Bland minutes of President Nellie TnvW and approved. Maitland, but the novelty soon wore off. was, and knew how indifferent and inRelegates were to be Afterward he became restless and as he was constant he had been. He did not attempt annbunced tjiat for tkimvention to be held in wholly unemployed and did not interest to reply only to bow his head upon his appointed . After this uci. 11 was moyeuj aimj camea inat the himself in any public affairs, either political hands like one condemned. .them accordingly Vice or religious, relating to the colonies, or iu- -' stringing rebuke Mrs. Bland left him to his Presidehtapp6int deed to his neighbors and best friends, he own reflections saying, "Should anything President E. M.- Price, Julia Druce, Vice was a sort of tax on the nervous energy of this kind ever occur again I shall send of his wife, and she had little to pare, for for my cousiu Sir Clair Hilliard to come Taylor were appointed. Vice "President . b"i health was very delicate, which was a r arid he will settle it with "you; for patience M. Price read a very instructive and. inconstant source ot anxiety to her cousin has ceased to De a virtue in this case ana teresting lecture upon silver. V . see to in her improve Dr. M. H. Cannon gave a recitation enAnna is too dear to me and her life is too Jane, who had hoped so much was the new country, wberethere precious to be shattered thus mercilessly. titled "The Sioux chiefs daughter,' which to divert her thoughts, .and turn her atMaitland's remorse was so keen that he was much appreciated by those present. the from Dr. E. B. Ferguson felt willing to add past. tention begged the Doctor to let him see his wife Dr. Bland himself was not in the best of and ask forgiveness for the great wrong he her voice in the important question of sufhealth, though he kept up his daily round had done, and he would then at once seek frage, that is near and dear to every woof business, and found plenty of occupation some sort of occupation in the colony, and man's heart. Many evils that now exist for many needed medical advice, and he no.longei remain an idler and would thus would certainly be quicker and more easily soon became a great favorite. He was also make soine amende honorable for his past remedied if once woman had the franchise. Mrs. E. B. Wells thought more should intensely interested in all that concerned the folly. ; , Puritans, which somewhat detracted from It was not long after this that Lady interest thenlselves in tlfis great and imporinfluence with those, who still Walton recovered for it was her mind more tant question, made mention of the Woman's his personal maintained their allegiance to the crown. than her body that was effected, though Congress at Chicago, and said that suffrage with in one him was this His wife, respect, she was indeed a frail, delicate woman was surely advancing. Let us not allow more ardent and not if ; devotedly Maitland obtained an official position as this subject to lie neglected md forgotten. really cousin Her Anna collector of revenues for Great Britain notreligious Meeting adjourned until the third Tuesday shared her feelings and this drove Maitland withstanding his title, he had not so much in October. farther away .from her, and caused him money to support it, and he had made '"''JMaggie Bassett, Sec. ; more jealous feelings towards young up his mind to work. When he wrote his innocent who of such quite any rington, ' mother the office he had accepted she of the W. S. A. The regular monthly still visited the at house, answerea mm misunderstanding was it of Salt Lake Co. was held in the 13th, aisaainiuny, tnougn unconscious of causing discord or enstrange- - evident from her tone that she was rather Ward Assembly Rooms, Oct. 17,1893. ment between husband and wife. It was he had decided to remain away for President pleased Nellie Taylor in the chair: opened through young Barrington's consistent the present. by singing "Our Country," prayer by Vice teaching that Lady Walton had been conboth and Lord Walton and Dr. President E. McFarlane. Sang "Oh, come By bye d and verted, and she was so Bland to concluded build and selected a come away" &c. Roll called, minutes of honest-hearte- d that Barrington held her in the highest esteem and their friendship was place not far away from the location then the previous meeting read and approved. A few excellent clippings were read by such as exists between fervent devotees of pccupied. The purchasing of land and the building of two spacious mansions afforded the secretary. A duet was rendered by the same" religious faith. Maitland's jealousy made him unfeeling some real pleasure to the ladies, a"nd Mr. T. Ashworth and Mrs. Maggie Bassett. Mrs. May Talmage read an appropriate aud he taunted Lady Anna one day with was a source of happiness to- all. oerhans more those to who felt selection. Mrs. C. C. R. Wells and Mrs. it English servants, her devotion to Barrington in such a coarse quite out of place not to have handsome Julia Druce each spoke encouragingly. way that she broke down, and became homes and elegant surroundings, and Indent hysterical for the first time since she had for ofthe luxuries "dear longed old Love." RezEagle Rockr grasped a 'faith which satisfied her soul. marks were made by Vice President E. M, DrrBland "va"Slled"aui'r" having noticed England." "For Master and Miss'us to be here in Price, Mrs. M. I. Home, Vice President beforehand Maitland's unreasonable suspicions lectured him severely after attending this Injun country, where we might all be E. McFarlane and President Nellie Taylor. to his patient. He reproached him with chopped into mince meat and nobody the Meeting was adjourned until the third wiser, and what would that proud Lady Tuesday in November. wooing a beautiful innocent and unsophisticated girl surreptitiously, and then Walton say! 1'H.never call her by that 'talian Maggie Bassett, Sec. after making her his wife without mercy or name, never! and our sweet Lady bless manly honor even breaking her heart, by her, she'll die here any way, not a thing his own misdemeanors, and now accusing comfortable, and if it were not for her In South Australia, full woman sufher of inconstancy of ; which he himself had cousin she'd die anyhow, for she don't care frage is under consideration. On Aug. been guilty. Lord Walton could not de-- 1 a straw for anybody here, and is allays 15, the Minister of Education moved the feud himself, and therefore remained silent, pinin for the old castle, and what for nosecond reading of an adult suffrage bill. On motion.of Mr. Caldwell the debate was but obstinate still, hating his friend unre- - body knows, for her father was an old brute lentingly, yet conscious of his faults; Baronet or not, and everybody hated him, adjourned to Amr. 17. We shall look after rating him soundly the Doctor appeal, but she's the dearest, sweetest creturever I with interest for further advices. At the led to his wife, telling her if there was laid eyes on," said the cook who haa come last accbunts the debate was in progress. Ex. really anything good in him, she could from Walton Hall all the way to 'Meriky rf" as she called it. find the way to his heart. Upon this sugof Mrs. Lucy Exercises in gestion Mrs Bland sought an interview and Such conversation as this was common Stone were held memory at the public hour at found him a little mellowed, because of the among the old and tried servants, they hated Chauncy Hall Wednesday morning NovAmerica and were always gossiping about ember danger to his wife from;-hiunfeeling re1st: A poem by Mrs. Julia Ward marks Mrs, Bland made plain the facts, the good old times, aud alHowe was read by Blanche 12. Ware, folshe said, "You have brought my cousin lude now and then to theyet they would about lowed by the reading of a part of "Eternal here of your own volition, anas she is in a Walton Hall. However superstitions they were discreet Goodness" by Katharine A. Whiting. strange country away from all ties and as- in talking to a chance acquaintance, and held Mrs, Emily A. Fifield addressed the school sociations except us, and remember were themselves far above the ' 'hired help' of on the Lifeand Character of Lucy Stone," anything to happen to her in ail unknown the Puritans. K-e- n -- - , . 1 - i . . 4 . . pure-minde- - .. ; Nellieylo s" . orA-"Mother'- ' . s 1 