WOMAN'S Woman's Exponent. ' EMMELINE B. WELLS, ANSIS CASSOS (Gmwm). m ... . ii. -- , m darUl n. Editor. CfWfr. in Salt Lake City, Utah, Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made lor clubs. City papers deliv. ered by mail, extra lor postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2. 50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. setui-monthl- y, EXPONKNT. of the .Black wells and sjend a few hours: accordingly iicompany with Mr. Blackwell we took the old colony R. R. to Nepouset. It was winter time and a sleigh was in waiting at the depot and driving swiftly end talking as we went up a steep ascent Pope's Hill, we soon reached the handsome residence of the celebrated woman., whom we were so eager to see. - Standing 011 the piazza to welcome us was Lucy Stone herself, the sun was just setting in the West and the glory of that sunset was heightened by the beautiful light in her Jace and the .warm, welcome to her stranger guest was like a benediction. Once inside, the cheerful fire burning brightly we sat and talked of this and that, recalling things familiar to one born and bred in New Eugland,and we felt almost akin when told she was born in wn "Brookfield the same- - to dear mother was born and that we knew so well. Other subjects such as woman s progress in the West, the practical workings of the ballot for women in Utah which was then enjoyed, the hopes we entertained of future advancement etc, Jn Jail' these and kindred topics her daughter Alice Stone Blackwell joined and the -- time flew, on the wings of the windThe conversation was so entertaining that it was difficult to break off, though we had dined sumptuously and the hour was growing late. The hostess showed us her desk where she wrote those strong and forcible editorials and remarkable paragraphs that were often silent forces in remote corners of the world, and as we sat facing each other at each side of theppeii grate just before parting, she said ho w strange that two so widely separated, by the whole width of continent nearly from the Atlantic almost to the Pacific should meet as 'twere casually and have so much in common to talk about. Since then we have met several times,and at the Woman's Congress in Chicago last summer she seemed as likely to live for, many years, and looked as fresh and rosy as most of the younger women. But no'doubt her work here was done and she has passed to another sphere, and doubtless to solve some higher problems, leaving her daughter and others to carry upward and onward the glorious structure for which she laid so firm and fair a foundation. Honor and praise to the heroine Lucy Stone,, hervery name is "a talismanof good uuu ner wriungs ana sayings are an imperishable monument to her blessed memory. take notice 'this' business is conducted lv woman and should therefore receive their -' ;c patronage."- WOMAN'S FOREIGN AFFAIRS;' 'REPORT OF THE' CONFERENCE OF THE SOCIETY OF T11E HAWAIIAN-ISLANDS- , HELD AT HONOLULU, SEP. 30TII RELIEF . , ; . I - Contra ry to the usual custom, the October Conference oLtheRelief-Societ- y ing, Main Street, opposite Z.C. 7 xo a.ra. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Sunday School and improvement 'Associa'" . Address all business comjuunications to"77 tion were held in Honolulu together with PUBLISH ER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, the Honolulu Branch Conference, instead Salt Lake CiTY, Utah. of at Laie; these Conferences were held a Entered at the Post Opel in 'Salt Lake City, Utah, as week earlier than usual, in order to give toond class matter. : the Missionaries and the Saints time to return to Laie for general Conference. The November 15,-- 893. Salt Lake City, object in th is change was to gi ve those--of the Honolulu saints as well as many-frothe other Islands, who have not animals or A TRIBUTE TO LUCY STONE. conveyances to come to Laie, an op. portunity of attending Conference and of In the death of Lucy Stone all advocates meeting: .with and listening to the teachings and ardent workers--! or the enfranchisement ' '.. of the Elders in a body. of woman must indeed feel they have lost a There was quite a family of us when we friend and fellow laborer; whose strength 3vere gathered - together- - in - our cosy little and individualeifort was fel- t- wherever her Mission House at Honolulu, twenty in name was spoken. Always logical, clearnumber, and although somewhat crowded, headed and intelligent in all her arguments yet we felt happy aud joyous" and full of she convinced her audiences where many the spirit of our mission. r .more flowery speakers failed to make a lastSaturday morning, Sep. 30th, at ten ing impression. She had a remarkable face, o'clock the Relief Society of the Islands and lull of kindness and true mother-lovconvened in Conference, President Libbie this not only for hef own but for the world Noal presiding. After the usual opening of mankind, the intense love and sympathy exercises, the reports for the last half year hejcarried4nto4ier-work-wroughtmarve- ls Were read by Secretary Kekuewa Nakuan in the cause, to which she devoted her, life, showing a membership of 498; number of her talents and her energies with untiring meetings held 337; Receipts 297.45, diligence; and in which she succeeded so Disbursements. Amount remain$113. 15; admirably, not only in furthering the high ing in Treasury $184.30. er progress ol women and ot men, but There were in all seventeen branches realso in making friends ol the opponents of ported, ten less than reported at our last woman's sullrage where great and wise Conference, this deficiency is owing to the" men failed. To Lucy Stone women owe fact "that,, through the moving about 'of the . much of the present popularity of the Saints, many of the' branches which othersuffrage sentiment. wise would.be in a flourishing condition, The newspapers of the East and North have not sufficient numbers to warrant an abound with beautilul testimonials of the organization. pure, true, womanly hie,of this friend. of President Libbie Noal first addressed the humanity. Boston and the state of Massa Conference; thanking the' sisters for the chusetts may well be justly proud of Lucy cordial reception extended to the visiting Stone. No doubt a titling monument of saints, for the interest ' manifested in the marble will yet be erected in remembrance work, as showu bytheIarge attendance,of her faithful serviceAs, abrilliant- and for the spirit of love and good will exampleof heroism and meritorious work, apparent in the hearts of the saints for the perserving under perplexing difficulties, Missionaries and for each other; dwelt up and rising superior to all obstacles that on the duties and obligations resting upon opposed her onward way,her life is a fitting the sisters as handmaids of the Lord; exEDITORIALNOTES. illustration; the young women of the plained in detail many points relative to the present day, have had the way to success the organizaThe good news from Colorada that the carrying on of the work in many directions, in a great measure cleared of thorns and briers by such vote of the state for woman's suffrage was tion, that all might labor together as a unit, brave women as Lucy Stone. As long as 6,000 majority comes like good tidings to and conduct'their labors in a business-like- " we have known of woman suffrage and the country, and presages the good time way. After listening to the verbal reports of we heard. the even before souhd, when political equality will no longer h , the condition of the various societies by when the work was in by word anda jest, but an acCnmvlfvWH their respective l teees, ' ' or representatives, progress, we can recall hearing the name of fact the civilized world over. several of the native sisters addressed the thiwoman among women. We wish to call the attention of our Conference upon as- subjects previously . . . . mnnxr mnAr.,. Oil.. J Judge how gladly the writer embraced the maiAjf xtuucia lo meaispiav aavertJmpnt nf sitrned thpm anH . tW hnnHlpH thpm in a opportunity of visiting her in her own tne Dunford Shoe Co. which nnnPJirc in VPrv nrifnKlo onrl irttrlics(rtt manner. home when an invitation was given her, in tnis issue of the Exponent. Thev hnv l "The T.ifr .nf vinrmnh Mnthrr of Samuer' the winter of 1886 while spending a lew 4f4 ' J irom meir old locat nn nn fircF by Kaluapalaoa: ."Mary, mother of Jesus juiuuvcu in the old of Boston. South St. to the elep-fdays grand city by Kahuhu; ! 'Life of Mary and Martha, several letters had been Previously ex iawson's No. 57 S. Main half a block sisters of Lazarus.'' by Niaulani. "The changed bit ween the editor pHhe Woman' '- "onh of Deseret National St., RanV Woman of Samaria" by Ruth Kauahine. ournai ami uic wtuct, ana we toot tile. I thine in flip K . ne camed Original song for the occasion by Kekuewa hberty oi making a fiatmial call at the Nakuan! Sister Mazeie Davis spoke at Journal office Park Street, where we met reach of a11 "Style, fit and some Mr. Blackwell. Subsequently it was arlength, explaining the object of the a such an ranged that we should gqout to "the home - ai uuntord s shoe store. Ladies will please organization and encouraeine the sisters i n EXPONENT office, Rooms 227 228 Constitution BuildM, I. Business hours from & " wn-whereo- 1 e, ; - ur7o m - . ' - . - si . , . anti-slave- ry f a ' 1 , l : 1 5 tomthe, v' - . 