The Rights of the . ; ' .. . CONTENTS:- ' - Jewels M. A. Y. Greenhalgh. World's' Congress of Women under the Auspicies of the Woman's Branch of the World's Congress Auxiliary Foster Avery. A Birthday Surprise H. L. W. U. W. P. Club C. C. R. Wells. The Land of Montezuma- - Francesco. About the World's Fair. Springville W. S. A.A Subscriber. R. S. Report Laura Lewis. Savonarola. A Golden Wedding Clarissa Wilhelm. Alterations of the Octoroon Emily B. Spencer. Notes and News; Items from St. George Mollie Judd.' ; ' ' - - No. i, 1893. 17. uivme, m mm wno lives on eartn, ana . Through the morning mist a rainbow deigned, To bend o'er thee in love's caress, While white plumed birds confidingly spread, .Their wings o'er thy heaving breast. For ages untold have the moon beams danced' To thy rippling music soft and light, And how you are loved by the twinkling stars, " And wooed by the queen of night! Lillie T. Freeze. . Editorial: President, Woodruff's Birthday. The Salt Lake Temple. Editorial Notes. . MARCH . . , ' ; . , ; . UTAH, Admiring these circles one by one, loveth not," Scott says "Love is Heaven For the fleecy clouds are hovering near, and Heaven is love." And their shining heads are kissed by the sun . There are two which sparkle and flash in xthe diadems Qf, thought, the one is Truth, And the peak of that lofty mountain, . the other Poetrv. When the soul romen In the strength of its towering pride, into living contact with , Truth, or - Fact, That mystic sentinel, tried and true, there springs up in it a thrill of joy, a glow Would claim thee his charming bride. --Ra- chel Obituaries. . Nor am I the only lover I ween, . -- . and the Rights of the Women of all 'Nations. SAIlS LAKE CITY, Vol,. 21. 7 Women of Zzon, thrill, that glow is Poetry. The range of poetic emotion is as wide as the range of, human thought, as of existence, Poetry; is the bloom, and, fragrance, of Jiuman thoughts, human knowledge, emotions,, . ! "Poetry: To Josephine Spencer. S. E. R. Salt Lake Lillie T. Freeze. Woman Arise L. L. Dalton. A Sister's Tribute Aretta Young. dfffc fctmi JEWESS. TO JOSEPHINE 'SPENCER. I have read your "Green Street" o'er and o,er, And backward turn times page once more; To follow with you, while you trace, Each well known spot in that dear place. Th e Iron King there rules the day, Swept trees and flowers from out his way, For the home song,the engine's shriek, served at the banquet of human life. The meeting of the human soul with truth is so delightful," they are so, akin, that when, they recognize each other, the; result is this thrill of joy, this pure and high emotion, this suggestion .of the' nature of the soul, and its origin. I have only space, or time, in a paper like this to emphasize a few of the "gems our Father has given us for ouradornment, yet there are many well "worth examining, and considering, both for their beauty and the. influence they have upon, our lives, among these, and in the joint ranks are, Holiness, Faith, Hope, Benevolence, Charity, Literary Taste, and Sorrow. Is sorrow a gem, you will ask doubtless! I answer 'yes'!" for it is the substance of our natural : life, and may almost be called- the natural .capability of the supernatural. . RICH AND RARE- - The gems I allude - too, are those our Father in Heaven has bestowed they are richer, and rarer, .than wealthier mines of earth can They are many and varied and, .... upon us; any the produce. to those who possess, all, or - even a few of them, priceless. The most worthy among them is Existence. I too have trod that same green street, ' Often at morn and night to meet, Life, is the highest of earth's good, it is so lusciuusly sweet, and the world is so One dear to you and dear to me beautifully, and lpvingly, composed. The Aurelia, still thy form I see. great pulse of nature finds a ready response On the green grass by the broken wall, in the human often s breast, which fall, By the deep pond where the shouts for joy and is jmswered by a thousWhere oft we sat to tell of homes and fears, and echoes and a thousand7 songs sweeter Of joys and sorrows, in those bye gone years. 'than those of the Nightingale. I of bed stand Jeddie's pain, by Again We see the earth awake from slumber 'And see his face and hear his voice again, and she trembles for joy. Her flowers are As oh that ne'er to be forgotten day, hymns, with which in her inspiration she When his Spirit passed from earth away. greets the Sun. Oh,; world, hate me, mock I see again the, father kind and true, me, but let me live! All vigorous ', souls love life. Even old age is beautiful beauNow little Johnny comes before my view, tiful as the slow coming, mellow, autumn Holding thaj father's hand and may it guide his ' ' " after a rich and glorious summer. still, r, It is beautiful, but not the most beautiful, And help him to be faithful to Jehovah's will. there is another life," rough and thorny, I , see the mother stricken in her grief, trodden with bleeding feet, the life of When the dark Angel gathered in her sheaf, which the cross is the symbol, and which Bearing them on unto the "Better Land," the grave gapes to finish before the victory But leaving oh! so'lone her household band. is' won,; and this is the highest life of man. I see a little one dark eyed and shy, Among air the nations of the earth there is wucxc iimia ana bueni btm, sudugus sv none whose lives have been other than we now her name, read called we , her, Josie one and : all, their fate has heen the this, Highamoug those of sweet poetic fame. same, all have drank of the same bitter cup. The next in value is love, pure unselfish There comes a glad reunion by and bye, Of hearts and homes and every kindred tie, love, the most God like of which is materOh! speed the day when we our loved ones meet, nal love. It is beyond all philosophy to And walk together in our God's Green Street. solve the wonderful, and beautiful mystery S. E. R, of maternal love, which is so common and yet so sublime. A child may come into SALT LAKE. the world blemished or deformed, it matters not to this heavenly passion of motherhood; A REVERIE. it is her child, that is all sufficient. I see distance thy waves, Afar in the The new born human being, meets upon ' their with snowy crest, f Gliding anear the threshold of life a love inexhaustible in to Then creeping up thy sandy shore, its tenderness ' which makes its cradle like Silently pillow their heads on thy. breast. the couch of a prince, Love is. the oldest instinct of creation, and is descended from How gentle and soothing their musical swell, the Maker's own Word. It has been truly How I love the lull of each measured strain, said by one of the poets. Sweeping along with enchanting grace, "The hand that made us left no trace Singing the while a soft refrain. . -- , J , moon-beam- , , 1 , . . . - - i 1 1 i it jr i i v. l i ; ' . " ; . s 1 wv it ( rmrnQn 14 ithas a burden of sorrow in it. All that is touching, patheticor dramatic mind, unless in life has to do with sorrow. The power of art is in the sorrowful. To glorify sorrow is one of the functions of song, of Sorrow is the poetry of a creation which has fallen, of a race which is in exile, in a vale of tears, closed in at the end by a sunless defile which we call death. And is not our redemption the outcome of sorrow? God gave us both tears and laughter. Laughter enables' mirth to breathe freely, so tears enable sorrow to vent itseJi patiently. Sorrow is a condition of time,Sorand joy is the condition of eternity. row lies in exile from God, joy in union with Him. In heaven, it is said, joy will cast out sorrow, and yet there is not a loton earth from which sorrow has been " able - - -- - - - . . aitogetnerto oanisnjoy. M. A. ; . . , Y. Gricnhai,h,' 4 The : Democratic girls of Mt Holyoke, College seem to have entered into politics as far as they can. Though in the minority . among the students, they are overflowing with enthusiasm. , They held a grand rally when Cleveland's election was declared: and they held an inaugural banquet and rany on tne evening or luarcn 4m, ent: . husiasm jrarjLhigh; many toasts were res- ponded to, and Mrs. Cleveland and Baby ; Ruth were not forgottont Tub Arizona House of Representatives has passed a bill giving full suffrajs:e to wo men, by a vote of 16 to j : , , . - 