WOMAN'S EXPONENT 149 of their talent and handwork in this the weather would resume its normal con- - oats, barley, rye and other productions for " ' delightful room: liUL as Daa on as we exhibition; we feasted on the ijuue good things 'The time approaches rapidly and before were, forWisome had better and one roofs, we had we raised, had bread, butter, cheese,. many days hundreds of U tah people will be .man had built a gabled and I roof, can pastry, melons, green corn, beef and so on , wending their way to Chicago, among them assure you he had plenty of while We had music songs of praise, prayer and company " many women who have been toiling night the storm lasted. thanksgiving, . congratulations, speeches, and day that Utah's display might be worthy But there came a change,the sun's recitations and dancing; but the most grand genial of her people. May their journey be all rays smiled on us once more, and soon and impressive of all to me was, the great that they desire pleasant, interesting, ineverything-wamade comfortableand no and united shout of Hosanua, "Hosauna! structive and enjoyable in the extreme. one of us sustained colds or in any xiubcinnai 10 Loa ana tne wmb. injury Cameua. way. al urciy was a snout 01 nean-iei- t praise By this time our provisions began to get and thanks to God. Scarcely a year had": ' very short. We were working very hard elapsed since we had arrived here in an altoPERSONAL REMINISCENCES. help get in the corn of which my hus- - most starving condition, and now we had, band put in a large area. He had built a to eat, though we, as a family had, husband cut a My large heap of tender dugout in' the side of the bank close to the plenty not raised enoug;h wheat, we had plenty of twigs, placed them evenly, then placed a land he was planting and .tending, I someThe , com we planted was a Buffalo robe over them which, with plenty times drove while he held the late variety called "Missouri Shoe-peof covering made a comfortable bed. The plow (I had learned how the year before) I which yielded well, but did ; not fully ripen. fresh air, laden with the odor of the pines, dropped corn, while he covered it, cooked The way. ..we. used to manage when we the gentle swaying of the trees was-a- ll our thistle greens, and often "walked a mile wanted a grist, was to spread a lot of ears novel and delightful to me and while the over plowed ground to a k of,butter-milon the loose boards over head; when dried get pail rest of the camp slumbered, restfully, my from some more fortunate, but kind by the heat of the fire (we had big fires on mind wandered away to my home, far neighbor to wash down the the greens. the men folks would .briug across the seas, and to the loved ones there; Thus we toiled and starved through our downhearth,) the pile, get a wash tub, put a board : but joy and1 thankfulness mingled lovingly labors.' I well remember one afternoon across for a seat,then put a sharpened spade with the sadness. Not then, or ever since, several of- - the'familv with face downwards across the board and bv have I regretted the ties I had found which our iu at icx)k was a wneat, it guni were so different from the majority of man- 'sickening sight, every stalk was bowed draw the ears along the sharp edge of the' kind. One of the first things my husband down by large crickets. - We looked on it spade. If the corn was dry, a bushel was did, was to overhaul our supplies, take out in silence a little while, then my husband soon shelled; taken to mill and ground, the seed grain, then carefully estimate the said: "Here is our wheat covered with then sifted at home. Happy were they, who probable length of time before harvest, we are a thousand miles crickets, devouring owned a seive, for several families had ' to How many were depending upon him for from supplies, unless Goduse one,' and those who" had none ' of their ; interposes, sustenance, ration ' them accordingly. He starvation stare's us in the face." Yet even own , had to borrow of their -- - concluded that if we had our wheat ground in ,this great strait, not even a doubt Our cattle had become very fat andneighbor. we had into ' unbolted flour, we ' could have from entered our. minds, for we believed a drjr cow that,- when killed, yielded nearly firmly of a pound a day to in and trusted that God, who had kept and a hundred .. half to three quarters of fat, besides the great This might seem ample, but preserved us hitherto. And every one has amount weponds tried out, every piece we cooked when it is remembered that we had no heard how the themgulls came, gorged yielded so much dripping that we had, vegetables, milk or butter, and hungry selves with the cricket flew and to make rour rath- - rplentyfpr shortening: the er musty corn bread very enjoyable. ; ,wmcoming1 on, it :was;- but- short allo wrdisrge&tfi to eke out our bread, a steer, the best plague was stayed, and weJiarvSte4moreL ance, .One little incident I must not forget to one we had was killedprad there wras not "wheat7 tothe "acretfian seemed possible, jnenlion. Myhoeswefewoni out and fat enough in the whole' creature to under the the' for we had not when I wanted. to join circumstances, fry "HverMsrm-s-put'dowin' salt, jfoe.'tenT heniearnerinoirTigate7 "question arose as towhat I should wear on plenty of that) so you see what our fare My first babe was born on the 7th. day of my feet; there were no stores to go to, I was, plenty of lean corned beef and a little July 1848. of shoes for Through my illness (which could not have bought a Graham bread, what little groceries we had was protracted) I had no bread, for the love or money. What littlepair, people had, they left at the end of our refew last had were to I make a had days panjourney managed brought with them a thousand miles, served for sickness. cake, but I had got to the last ounce of and for. their own use most decidedly. : We held meetings, visited each other and flour., The midwife kindly brought me a At last I heard of a lady who had bought .1 r r tuc t 1 r were comparatively happy and contented, of some of bread, and, u uucKSKiii piece my 01 winexi 10 r neighbors, vi it xuuiaiis r and passed awav. As earlv as whose kindness I shall never forget, make her son a pair of pants. I went to possible in the spring the brethren made brought me a little of their little. On the her and asked her to sell me the pieces to preparations to put. in garden, and plant Mpnday, the 10th, my husband went early corn, most "of the wheat had been sown in in the morning sickle in hand, cut a little have no use for money, but if you will leti the faUp About the 18th of March the wheat here and there where it had ripened, me have a cravat I have seen you wear, you ' storm-set- ' equinoctial in, and it began to threshed it with flail," and wagon cover, can have them." She had noticed a neck- took it on his shoulder, to Brother Neff's tie I had worn which she coveted, so I was rain; and it kept on raining for over a week. We were told that there was no rain to mill, had it ground,, brought it home, had glad to make the exchange.. I made me a speak of in this country, so, in building a big loaf baked m a bake kettle, and the neat pair of mocassins of which : I felt our roofs, they were made nearly flat. whole family sat down to dinner in the very proud. I went in them to the M They were constructed of first poles put room where I was, so that I might enjoy it festivities danced my first dance in them and as 7 closely together as possible, then dried with them, just think, what a feast! The felt as if I was treading on air. grass and weeds, then a good layer of first time in nine months we had all the "There was a song composed for the oc- earth, which made a warm roof, but alas! bread we could eat. My husband remarked casion by Elder P. P. Pratt which touched not impervious to rain: So we had rain while eating dinner, "This is the first time upon the death of our Prophet and Patriarch , out of doors and a mud-fain the house, since I came into the church that I have the dn ving iroiii Nauvoo, the wanderings - tor the have .sowed,; Ihave either, u.mu.uix yiLuciaiiiLi anu our r continued fall of rain so thoroughly reapedwhat soaked the earth over head that the down-- ; gone on missions, and left my labors for in this our mountain home. I remember a ' pour was mud, You can others to reap the benefits, or I have been line here and there and the last'verse entire, driven by mobs from ray possessions. " imagine the condition our beds and bed4Lon, long have we wandered as exjles forlorn, enhad full not a had I scarcely bug were, in, as long as there was a dry Without any harvest; wiihout any home; Though But LoS in the mountains new sheep-fold- s spot; we would move it J there; but after a joyable meal through the nine months appear And a harvest of plenty to1 crown thev glad year. while there was; no of birth to the she; babe, my yet the One of previous : dry spot. CHORUS. iarnily had a babe nine days old, she stayed was a plump healthy child, with apparently So we'll join in the dance and we'll join in the m been till it was soaked through, then she nn articular cravine and : song, y ,rnevv was placed in a chair before the fire with an a rather small eater. On the 10th, of Aug. To theej Oh! Jehoval praises belong; . : ' s ' ' ..' ' . . -- - corn-mea- l. the-oxe- n g, -- , . , . -- . . -- ; , . . - ; each-perso- ; -- .. " nthesditevJhe. - - : s 1 . . . . " - the-winte- f ; " - ; . . " ll good-honest-mu- I le-arn- vai d. ! " ' ' 1 has-alwav- 1 jwe:liadvhat :walkd ouriiHarvetiast- would cease, and the sun, show his the brethren built. a bowery and stand, and . . lacf1 nttA . f t i!.. ,i Taissdi9tertygM i.i but aiasrit would cloud up again and eight feet high, large sheaves of wheat, : jT- -. : ; re.nder.-.to.thee-r For 'here' in the mountains thy people are free. Tlio5 sUJrs1of cnmotton distress every realm. And dire revolutions;thejiatifinjjXwueiiar---- " 