WOMAN S EXPONENT. 1)0 good book is always a pleasure and a delight and if the reviewers are just, we easily know what books to read and place upon our library shelves: "Speaking of books, why not think for a moment of those bor rowed ones not yet returned.If a. book is i t i gooa enougu 10 porruw u ceiranny is gouu enoHgh to return. How very neglectful we all are in this little matter, and yet often times a handsome set is broken by the loss through iust such carlessness as forgetting to return a book. Arranging the library is a delightful occupation in tlfc wintry months. So few put the book back iust where it belongs and yet every one likes to pe,nme "wantedbook in a moment, lor myselt 1 like in books so arranged that I can lay my hand on' the volume sought, in the dark, and they If one places value on nearly always are. one's books avoid filling the shelves too full for then the covers become rubbed by coming in contact with each other. It is a good idea to cover the 'iMterlarsolHat" the book edges do not be come worn or scratch the shelves. Books if not often used should occasionally be re moved and dusted, and the leaves opened. We used to fancy when a man talked about his "den" or study that it was a place,true enough, for books but full of disorder with bitsot paper all over, and dust all over. and books all over, but how different, these rooms are. I think they are the most de lightful rooms in the house for if one values hoiks sumciently to purchase" a fine 'col lection, he certainly values them enough to take care of them, and usually the library is the most attractive room in the house, both for the arrangement and care of the room as well as the wealth of thought it con-- , tains. - - 1 4 1 ' to-rmct"- 1 -- . , " LI tIie . shdves-wiihioine-s- oft: WOMAN'S tWOKTW WICH ISI.ANDS.III. - - -- V - -- - - 15-1- half of our company' we started out for : Concluded. make most any one forget that there were Duffin common board at Maalaea and go any trials to contend with in the missionary over to Lahaiua a distance of fifteen miles The spirit of the Gospel which on the coast of Maui. field. We arrived at Honolulu "at 5 o'clock on makes, all men brothers can never be more fullv lealized than when missionary meets the morning of the 27th, met with the R. S. 'missionary' at his field of' labor. We are at that; branch, after which wre procured a strong believers in woman slights, but we one horse vehicle and started 'or Laie, did appreciate, upon this occasion, being anxious to see the little ones from whom where there was a man to rely upon. Next we had for the first time been 'absent. We morning Sunday2 1 st, was the conference arrived there near midnight found all well, of that Branch and we had the privilege of for which we felt thankful to our Father in attending the S. S. general ineetinng and heaven, Sisters Harding and Grace who Y. M. M. I. after which the R. S. conhad been left in charge of domestic affairs, vened, and all the saints present attended were pleased to see us back again and like ' the meeting. the restfjojiriionar small a Bralichalid:?Tlliesaihts" rThisls "prised to know that we had completed our have not been as alive to their duties as journey of about 580 miles by water, 100 they might have been, but the Sisters exmiles nuiaeuacK 25 nines uy nam ana 04 desire in to a efforts the renew their pressed by cart, in so much shorter time than exbenevolent work of women. - Monday was pected and had held eleven meetings durnecessarily spent in resting until horses ing the three weeks, we were absent from could be obtained to further our journey. the plantation. Our hearts were filled were however we erK --with.j- grati tuJeTto Tuesday morning Tor His protecting care that had been and after bidding good bye to those wrho oyer us during ohr absence. Our faith had assisted us for over 40 miles on our has been strengthened and we trust we have, wemounted a horses for our journey, helped to strengthen that of others, and mile ride to Halaua in the North that the seeds twenty-fiv- e wehavejsown have fallen Kohala District. Riding horse-bac- k through into good ground and that some day they to one to will bring forth fruit that will ripen into accustomed pleasant scenery horses, might be a pleasure trip, but to one a rich reward forthe benevolent wrork of who is not it becomes a very arduous task. the R. S. of the Hawaiian Islands. The scenery was unlike that through which E. D. N. . we had previously passed. In the place of a dense undergrowth of vegetation, it is most of the way" barren and rocky J and-nseTHE XXVTH N A W. S. A. and descends gradually. At 6 o'clock we arrived at Halawa tired and exhausted from The XXVth Annual Convention of the onr long ride. Here we had the pleasure of meeting with Elder Hezekiab Duffin and National American Woman Suffrage AssoBrother Giles missionary companion of ciation will be held in Metzerott's Music ' that island. 9 Hall, Januarr 1893, Washington, On Saturday Aug 20th, after bidding a warm "Aloha nui" to the kind, people - a round us,' whose strains of sweet music had scarcely ceased during the night, and whose enthusiasm had brought them together again to see us off !on our journey-perh- aps never to return we started our horses in the streams which formed part of the road to the foot of the Pali, and in ascending we cast lingering look on the little unique village below and repeated our "Aloha" ' for its people, much to the satisfaction of our companions. After going back as far as Kiikuihadc we turned westward gradually ascending the broad plateau between Haniakua and Kohala which rises to a height of from 1,000 to 2,000 ft, seperating the mountains of Kohala in the NorthTivhicnreoo high, from Mauna Rea in the South. The "entire scene reminds us of home with its extended bzlt of forest land, through which rove numberless herds of cattle.- The climate is also a gentle reminder for we felt quite comfortable with our wraps on. At 2'clock we reached MaimeA n t oi eleven miles from Waipio, we were mom- man usuany aeiightedon our arrival at this Branch, ndiDur burden of responsibilities seemeu suaaeniy tQieave.us. mem m bpinc iook, me place 01 care. We had: long desired to rneetwith laboring on that island whom we knew Honokani a distance of five miles, Elders Giles, puffin and assistants, made cheerful I can imagine pedestrian companions. some of our dear friends at home would Jiave enjoyed on those "little"d6n- - This convention Will open on Sunday with a religious service, Rev. AnnaF. East man preaching the sermon, Among the speakers are Hon. Carroll D. 3YlliMwh Women in Industrj Mrs. Carrie Xane our zigzag" way down the al keys wending Chapman Comparisons are Odions, .Rev. most perpendicular lace r of the mountain. Anna Howard Shaw The Attitude of But the sure footing of our little animals Women To wTard Political Parties, Ellen removed much of our uneasiness in the attelle Dietrick The Best Methods of ' descents. rough Interesting Women in Suffrage, Mrs. Lillie The Gulch of Pololu through which we Devereux Blake Leo-aDisnhilitiV? finrn and that of passed, Honokani, the town of Winthrop Smith Suffrage a Right of our destination, are similar to that of Waipio Citiz1 nship, May Wright Sewrall Municipal and others previously described. Housekeeping. The R. S. organization at Honokani k n Senator Joseph Carey of Wyoming will " lively one, wide awake to their duties and give the Address of Welcome, and Susan is managed as satisfactorilv as anv with B. Anthony the annual President's Adwhich we have 'met, the sweet sin sin. bv dress: young members of the Societv as interner. In addition to these addresses there will . through the was a meeting very pleasing be interesting reports read by Harriet Taylor on Congressional Work, Mrs. We returned in the evening- to Hnlnmn ClaraUpton Bewick Colby on Federal Suffrage, and early next moniinc: boarded the narrnw Mary H. Williams on Governor's Opinions guage train for Mahukona a distance of on Woman Suffrage, Rachel Foster Avery twenty-fiv- e miles, leaving Elders Gi Ipq art A on Columbian Exposition Work, Laura Duffln at th'eirfieldbf labor from which they Uay on bouthern Work. expected to return in about four weeks. Other speakers invited are: Rev. David We. arrived at Mahukona at inn m tK Gregg, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Mrs. Lucy bteamer Kinau wasLalready anchored 4n-thtone, Rev. Anna Garlin Spencer, Hon. BaV" awnitino- tfip nm'tnl Wm. Dudley Foulke, Laura DeForce Gorlarger number than usual was on Imn rd nnri don, Mrs. Bertha Honore Palmer, H. B. we had some trouble in securing berths, but Blackwell, Ruth D. HavensrSehatbrTWar-- ; m uuLxcueu uuuuy getting comtortably ren of Wyoming, and Harriet May Mills. situated; and, playing weJLourparls-poo- r 1 here will be discussions on a number oi sailorsT we turned our faces toward TTnr, AiWliUsubiects hoped that the lulu. Our troubles howverwere gf short-- interesting of thirty-tw- oand States now auxiliCIO as the ocean was so calm it was presidents juration to the N. A. W. S. A. will be present wnm" Mnc.I Jlr liard - ary tpimagine jKereateaamTof Maui Brother and Sister year seemg-ns l ; - and-conte- . - - -- nt the-EId- ers our desire granted. . . , , ih Such n - I "ig-tfee-isla- it-i- s 