134 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. and profound thoughts which he gave forth, his voice was clear, and his tongue rapid, dui every one understood mm, ne enraptured the very soul of every one who heard him so that wonders and amazing appearances were seen by many while he was in the act oF preaching. He .was to "them an Apostle, some believed they saw an angel on either side of 'him as he preached. Some saw the Madonna in glory , blessing, him with fair, uplifted hands when he blessed the worshipers around. ' 'The crowds became so large that he removed to; the JDuomo where he preached 'during eight years, this cathredal was exactly suited to such an impassioned speaker, and listeners so intent. It is dark, majestic, mythical a little light coming in through the windows gorgeous in their deep color, the vast area bare and .'naked, fit to be filled with a silent Italian crowd a massif characteristic Tuscan faces vigorous, harsh One can imagine but . seldom beautiful. voice lighting up a , glow of passionate feeling in those responsive gleam-- . ing eyes, the sound coming out. of the dark circle under the dome and resounding over the heads of the crowd which filled the nave. "No scene could suit meet the. superb bareness of the place.v Savonarola was often greatly exercised at his own prophecies and attempted to restrain. the flood which u wottfd thus curbed, break .'forth fiercer than ever; the. very tumults that rose, against r him excited and stimulated his followers. Burlamacchi's description of the crowds who flocked to hear " him setthe picture distinctly before us. The people got ;Up in the middle of the night to get places. for the sermon, and came to the door or the cathedral, waitingoutside till it should be opened, making no account of any inconvenience, neither of the cold nor; the wind nor of standing in, winter with-thei- r feet on the marble; and among them were young .and old, women and children of every sort, who came with such jubilee and rejoicing, that it was bewildering .to. hear them; going to the sermon as. to a wedding - Then the silence was great in the church eachime going to his place, and he who could read, with a taper in his hand, read the service and other prayers. And though many thousand peoplwere there collected together, no sound", was to be heard, not even a hush until the arrival of tthe children, jwho sang hymns with so much sweetness that heaven seemed to have opened. Thus they waited three or four hours until the preacher entered the pulpit. And the attention of so great a mass of ; people all with eyes and t cars nteiitlf upon the preacher was wonderful; they listened so that when the sermon readied its end, it seemed to them it had scarcely begun. ' ' ' There were men in Florence not at all likely to be carried away with any common craze after a popular preacher, whose hearts ached over the evils of the times, were voiceless by nature, but sick at heart and sad at - the daily sight of the corruption roundHhem who percieyed in the cowled Donimican an ally and spokesman beyond their hopes. One of these was Prospero Petti canon of the f cathedral, who for years had borne his homely testimony against the evils of the Uime, and prophesied as many humble prophets do of the vengeance of God overtaking the wicked. fHe-- was a firm believer- in the old 1 tradition that the true - the-grea- t " heard the voice of Savonarola intoning with prophetic force, he bent his head between his hands and after an interval turning to his nephew Carlo Petti at his side ,said, "This is the holy prophet of whom have talked to you for years. Many such wonderful things and sayings transpired at that period, and though the truths proclaimed and the converts made were not so many perhaps or so wide spread as afterwards under Martin Luther and others, still it was dissenting from the evils of the Roman Catholic church, which had held such supreme sway and was Qne of the most remarkable revivals of a purer and more, devout faith. His denunciation of avarice, usury and rampant worldliness were ;as strenuous and impressive as exhor tations to prayer and me study ot the Bible were touching and beautiful. Historians say many efforts have been made to prove by his subordination of rites and - cere monies to spiritual truth and sincerity by ms eievaieu spiniuai appreciations ot tne love of Christ, pf faith in him and of the supreme authority of Scripture, that Savonarola was an early Luther, an undeveloped reformer, an unconscious Protestant. Certainly he was a reformer and one who protested against evil with a vigor and intensity such as few men "are capable of. He announced the sword of the Lord which was to smite the earth, to the rising of great" prosecution, ' among those who resisted his influence. In the palace they first talked of banishing him from Florence, and the courtiers said we shall do to this Fra Giralamo as we did to- - Fra Bernardino. When Lorenzo's courtiers talked of driving Savonarola from Florence he took no part in it but kept his eye upon the Dominican with interest in a sense that indicated that he recognized in him, ' 'one of his own kingly kind, though so unlike himself, a man worth knowing, worth making a friend of. " In July 1491 when the pressure against this man was very great the Dominicans of San Marco elected Savonarola their Prior, with a view to protect him and it was the habit of every newly elected Prior to I pay his respects to Lorenzo, to thank him for his protection and recommend the convent to his good graces. The elders prudent and politic even waited to see him do his duty in this particular and, when they found he obstinately refused they . hastened to him in fear, and demanded him to do so, "who elected me, he asked, God or Lorenzo?" Lorenzo when he heard of it was , not angry ( and no doubt this great prince and able statesman, was far more noble and considerate than the sycophants with whom he was surrounded. What he said was . as though A stranger has come to live m my house, and does not think it worth his while to come and see me." It is evident that this very fact stimulated r the desire of Lorenzo to know this one man, who never bowed before him. From this time nhe began to haunt the Churcli, would go to hear mass, then stray into the garden, lingering there as a lover for his . mistress, then the Monks would hasten to tell the Prior but he would only ask, l 'Has he inquired for me? " The trqubled monks obliged r to say ' 'no!" ' 'Then let him take his walk in peace. ' ' Lorenzo was not content, he sent presents to the convent, he dropped gold pieces in the- - box, a very unusual liberality, still Savonarola resisted. When the box was opened and the gold seudos seen, the Prior When he laid them aside and sent them to San Marti- . ? . ls . . -- . ? . ; : . , i - : : 1 : ; . half-amuse- " -- 1 . - and make theJ church glorious. - -- r j . - , d, : ; ; : ; ; . .. ; - :. ; : . . no to be distributed to the poor, to the great disappointment of the monks. Lorenzo, finding all efforts unavailing to gain an audience, sent u five, men of note v.and weight, directing them to go as of their own accord, to beg Savonarola . to moderate this sermons and to cease his denunciations of the general corruption; when they had stated their errand, which they did with much confusion and embarrassment, the'; Dominican looked at them with his penetrating eyes, and read their secret, he said, "Yon tell, me you come here of your . own accord for the good'of the city and the love you bear this convent, but I tell you it is not so. Lorenzo de Medici has sent you here, therefore .tell him from me, that though ; he is a , Florentine," and the greatest in the city and I am a stranerer. vet it is he who must leave Florence and' I who must remain. 'He shall go azifay, but shall slay ' . - The shamed and discomfitted ambassadors went back witn the message receiving it as a prophecy. The Prior soon after told the whole story in a sermon from his pulpit in the presence of some of the. envoys. Baffled inall his attempts Lorenzo determined to crush this rebellious friar, and took such' secret measures as became his dignity and position. Savonarola" afterwards foretold to a Francisian jfriar-jt-he death of Lorenzo within the year, he was then in the full vigor of his life and powTers. When the ;time came, he .sent for the Prior who had repulsed him, ;bu Savonarola sent back memesenger, sayinV VI am not the person herwantswe should not agree, " but he sent again prpnrisixig, to agree and Savonarola obeyed the summons, & on his way he told , the messenger ". that Lorenzo would die; when he , xeached:)ihe chamber of the dyjng man , he said; A JFather there are three things which drag me; back and throw me into despair, and I know not if God will ever pardon m for .them . ' ' These were the sack of Valterra, the robbery of the JMonte della FranceuUa and, the massacre of the Pazzi. The Prior reminded Him of the mercy of God and, said , she , will be merciful to you ltyou will have a. great and living faith that hei can and will ;' be merciful. Lorenzo had been victorious and successful in everything but the battle was lost 'at last, and the prophet at his side intimated the' downfall of his family and ..of Florence. ,r After the death of Lorenzo, came the French invasion to take Naples, Pietro the son of Lorenzo held a tottering sway vwhen the French army crossed the Aips. Savonarola was preaching in the Dupmo when the news of the army nearing the - : hear what the preacher would say about this terrible event. He had prophesied ..of Lorenzo's death and he was dead, , he had predicted the coming of a new Cyrus from over- - the j hills to ;. punish the ; wicked and purge Italy of her sms. Ti Pietro m .his fnght went out to meet his fate. He acted Jwith cirrnal fn11 v, wlipn tTiP tiPturc nf Tiic Vioe cnr render reached Florence the whole city was in an uproar; the confusion of the masses was like the gathering of a tempest, leaderT less, counselless as they were-onimpulse to to the preacher . There go swayed them who could be trusted, was one man at least wTould who speak out boldly, thither the crowd "hastenMr:'"7" Stretching out his arms' over the, crowd with the emotion of one who shared their pangs, he said, : ' 'repent for the kingdom , of . e ? 