WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 148 Woman's Exponent. E MM E LINE D. - WELLS, ANN IB WELLS CANNON (Camelux). Editor. Editorial Contributor.- - also the commissioner for Utah appreciating the efforts made here in the silk industry, interceded for an apportionment for Utah out of the fund Congress had provided, and succeeded in getting something liberal to assist in making a handsome exhibit. As soon as she felt" comparatively sure of what could be done, she appointed a committee to attend to the collecting of exhibits. This committee was Mrs. C. W. Bennett,' President, Mrs. E. B. Wells Vice President. Mrs. C. E. Allen, and Mrs. Zina D. H. Young-anMrs. Margaret ArCairie, Secretary. All the cocoons, raw or spun silk, and all manufactured articles that can be obtained are wanted to make this disIt is explay in the Woman's Building. pected that the whole process of the work from the silk worms upward to the spinning and weaving: will be shown by Utah women; it is also desirable to get the prim itive wheels, reels, hand looms and so on that-habeen: used in this sort of wTork society ana young juaaies jauonal Mutual Improvement Association will each hold a meeting in Department Hall Ko. VII. (7) in the Art Institute on the ,19th of May when the entire program will be filled by members of these, respective organizations session and Y. X; n! N. AV. R, M. I. A. evening.' The full program of exercises will be given in the next issue af the paper. The ' Headquarters of the National, Woman's Relief Society will hereafter be in this office, President, Zina D. H. Young will be here at some hours in the day during the week, up to the time of leaving for Chicago wrhich will probably ' in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months. 50 cts. rio reduction made lor clubs, City papers deliv ered py mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil pace, one time, 53.50; per month, sroo. A liberal dis- . oounl to regular advertisers. semi-monthl- y, , EXPONKNT office, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Build ing, Main Street, opposite Z. C. M, I. Business hours from xo a.rtf. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. . : : " Address all business communications to, ' PUBLISHER 'WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ' . Salt Lake City, Utah. , Entered at the Post J class matter. Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as e co ft Salt Lake City, April 1st, 1893. THE SILK INDUSTRY. S.-inorn- r 9 . . - d ve ing be the 10th of May. The tjtah room: Fine needle work is a most beautiful art, and how forcibly this thought is brought to mind while gazing at the many articles the women of Utah have been preparing: for them room in the Utah. building at Chicago. It would take a great many pages to describe them all for there are so many lunch cloths- - doilies, arid scarfs in exquisite drawn work there are so many pieces of rich and rare embroidery,' there are such wonderful combinations of historic silks into beautiful spreads, that the wromen of Utah are surprising themselves by. their perfection in ne industrial arts. One can scarcely imasrine anything more v j j exquisite than the pale cream' silk' curtains .embroidered in setro lilies, under which all iwho "visit Building will pass,; and imagine the surprise, when told that they are made of Utah silk. ' Then in theUtah building will hang most elegant lined portiers made of Utah broad-clotwith, Utah silk and most artistically and elaborately embroidered: theJUtah flower rthe: sego : lily again" thedeignT T Passin g . under the -- curtains a gilt from the ladies of Salt Lake Co. one may : rest on the -- and have them exhibited. All articles that can be purchased or borrowed should be sent to tne .Headquarters oi the committee in the Constitution Building, Rooms 227 and 228. in the care of the Secretary. Mrs. Caine The cocoons that are for sale must be examined by an expert, and a fair cash pricejwill bejpaid for them. Other articles of cuurbe wmue paiu ior at a reasonauie price. tr..i is coming The money appropriated will be handled ana:;enuiusiabm on uie suuject, forward 'now,. and it does seem as if a judiciously, but it is the desire of the com- creditable enterprise of this kind and one mittee to arouse an interest in this valuthat would be lucrative too ought J:o. gro,w able home production and no pains will' be'..' spared to accomplish this object. '. out of; it." .'"' v The sisters in various parts of the Terri- .'.For many years the womeii of our Church, and especially of the Relief Society tory who have been so discouraged will now lead put in this direction , and hundreds and have an opportunity to dispose of their thousands of milberry trees were planted, and cocoons and be stimulated to new efforts in cocoons raised and some considerable silk this laudable undertaking. It is indeed the woman' s age for . in all reeled and many small articles made, branches of work where women can show gos,-:;shahistory , of sericulture from the first step in skill or ingenuity, or knowledge of atw this direction- would be an interesting sub- - employment, it is called into active exer eautiful-elmirs;and "sofanatlHe'Dayw'CoT.--cises because of - disadvantages afforded by UO W. zrrrzzrrrrr:-i.:-ri- i ladies gave this pretty room. This furni- In an editorial in the Deseret News oub- - me world's air. ture is most unique, upholstered in Utah , lish'ed a few days ago some facts were given silk of sage green color and beautifully that we trust the people and especially the the frame is of Utah wood with EDITORIAL .NOTES. women of the Territory will take note a white and gold finish and here again the of;' There was also an editorial article in Our readers and patrons will see that wp sego lily plays the prominent part in the the Exponent of December 15, ult, giving decoration . Reclining in these luxurious some data, and interesting facts, which those; have made a change in the location of the interested in the production of silk should office by the Editors and Publishers stun ris chairs one may note the mnv other hand- The house some furnishings of the room on the floors certainly read for their own benefit; as ing- notice in our columns. nne rugs, made Irom the skins of the" sericulture is an occupation particularly where we were previously located was a lie more desirable locality in every respect ex-- mountain lion, a gift from the Summit Co. adapted to women and children. Days na uutsiuc cippearance, put one change ladies. From the mantle may be heard the gone by the difficulty was, no market for regular ticking of the clock, elegantly en involves another and that cocoons and no machinery suitable for workcased in Utah onyx and among the beautiful ing the native silk. The price'paid by the too valuable for the size of the house, had Eastern markets for cocoons was not enough iteven Deena good and substantial one. arapings and iurnishmgs we must not fail to pay the people fox their vork and the The Constitution Building is well known to note the handsome silk flag, and theJ actual ; expense; and many who had been to tne people and we ieel that the sisters wonderful inlaid table all gifts from Utah-- '' Co. It seems almost a pitv to begin to quite energetic in their efforts lost heart and and ladies generally, will not linw f,r trt turned their efforts in other directions. '.:' v climb, and Rooms (227 and 228) being in mention or describe individual pieces among so many rare and costly things, for beautiUy'try) one who was acquainted with tuc sctuuu bLury ana an elevator running-alPresident Brigham Young knows how very day and until 12 o'clock at night. The ful Pictures adorn the walls and rest on anxious he was to have the silk industry uiauaucc Hum uie printing oihce is the easels, and fine carved work, dainty drap- cushions, del imt rl prorated prosper. 'He sent to France in 1856 for the greatest narcisnip, involving nc it ,Wo M imr, luxurious china- and huno!reds 5RffisTicv best quality of MulberryjaieJ, and planted, much going :uniqu and an areacf :land"lvith the mulberry which must maice the best ot it. and if onlv rc handsome articles tend to make the room' was' known until recently as the Mulberry penty would come through the medium of elegant and interesting, but let us not more numerous subscribers, it would not hastily pass the books and papers Utah wo- men nave contn buted towards the. em- ;,Kow that Congress has made a liberal De so aimcuit to make evervth appropriation of "money to promote the silk there would be a very material difference bellishment of this room for here we, may find their written thoughts the minds reI enterprise and make an exhibit, and placed in many ways for the better. j. flection. Among thesf ltV? thp beautiful it at the disposal or under the direction of are quite a number of ladies coThere -' Mrs. Palmer President of the Board of ;volume,Songs and Flowers of the Wasatch, from Utah to attend the Woman's mg Con. choice selections from the women poets of of the Columbian ExposiIady Managers ' of Representative women in gress Chicago Mrs. Salisbury one of the Vice which water Utah, tion, 15th and lasts one wha -- colors;- appropriately illustrated in opensMay r... rrdenteass eeTinlytTiaF" weekr Womans Relik The World's Fair has awakened serious thought among people in regard to .home manuiactures and industry; local and general. In Utah the spirit of these influences is at work, and we trust it may prove, beneficial to the people generally, and the entire Territory. The silk industry which has- been Jan- lor years past, lor lack: ot means guishing i.t i" coming- - ; , - - - ; -- the-Woma- n's - . . - . ; h, be-sidesdr- ess - w - ; -b- t ; em-broidere- d, . : ; ; r l -- ick-and-forth- Ti c , and-thff-'NatJo- n-ar . 