WO M A N 'S E X PO N E N 17 30 . . anomaly of the trench law that a claim through a woman may be maintained, while the claim of a woman would be rejected. The old custom of chivalry, by which a knight or champion appeared in her defence, and she was barred from further manner of redress, possibly explains the rejection : of her evidence as a witness and her rights to both person and property. My ancestors lived on the Isle of Man, a small island about as long as our valley of Salt Lake from the-H- ot Springs to the point of the mountain,but not near so wide. It is a choice and . beautiful spot of earth where freedom has been cherished and very carefully guarded from the earliest ages. It has a parliament of its own called the Th1C iPfTIClotn'P hnnv llfjfi UmiPQ "rf Ifax'd an existence long before the British House ' ir . .l twentieui cenuuy, bay uisnueresieu bbstrv-rers- , will be the woman's century, jn deed, some Avho in a joke may be tittering a solemn truth, aver that the coming man will skill and faithfulness have shown them- ? . selves tdbe in no degree inferior to the men. Tim VnmW; Congress; or rather woman, series of congresses, held hi' Chicago re- - rbea rentlv i unrlnnhtedlv the most notable. gathering of! its kind in all history;, every WRITTEN FOR THEU.W.P.C that are not civilized .A.WWl MV C. W.S. A. RECEPTION. v(rr rpnre5pnteH nt thee conventions, and the judgmeni of those '.who witnessed the ;n hstnntiallv in this: that rrver i n cro. noree Although I have been a resident of o j no eratherimr of men so .. cosmopolitan and this beautiful city for the past eleven so numerous ever displayed greater ability months. I am at present but sliVMi,, h and gave more complete evidence: of tyrain acquainted, therefore feel somewhat emDower, and enenrv; and administrative barrassed in attempting an address; yet, as ability on" the part of the members, than we are interested in the same cause: our ' ' uiuiliui tiiJLl -this congress of women. ' lJ cause our believe we and right; I as is just Every man, be he husband, father, iirJH irlfOC wTllfll tllf llll'o r., l crra brother or son must rejoice in the enlarged nxtu. unci lurnl US uiivi liberty" and increased privileges whichTwo-me- n lUCUiscivxa Hi now. possess: There was no act passsentative body in Europe. Small as that possible. v Politics has been from girlhood an interisland is, its inhabitants are proud of ed by our Legislative Assembly while I was their representative government and of a member of that body ; in which I took esting subject to me, perhaps from the fact ' the antiquity of their House of Keys. greater interest than the enactment which that I was an only sister in a family of seven Democratic equality has prevailed to a gave women the right to hold property in brothers. My mother being an invalid, I was unavoidably brought up in the society greater extent on that island than any other their own name. The sex should be readof men more or less. Utah's Governor; lieved from every disability, and every part of the British dominions. My reason for alluding to this little spot vantage should be accorded to woman Judges and Attornies often visited Beaver is that it is the only part of the United which will qualify her to stand side by side and my father's home in early days was Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland with man . Having this feeling, on a recent their place of hospitable welcome. T oftT" visit to the World's Fair at Chicago I took heard discussions, social, civil and political, where today parliamentary franchise is accorded to woman, though in all parts of the great interest in every improvement that for as you are aware the little settlement of Rritlsh Fmnire under modern enactments would lighten woman's labor and relieve Beaver figured in many legal trials of she may fill high positions in the state. her from drudgery. How often have. we notoriety. . We had District Court, mines, Most of the professions and trades have, seen a vouncr married couple start out sidef a military reservation and other facilities during the century, been open to woman in by side in life together, the husband and which aid in the civilization of a. country. nearly all European countries; rights of the wife equal in education and ability, one History in connection with newspapers,. I as capable of progress as. the other: but became accustomed to read, desiring to train property have been fixed by generous enactW ment and under the operations of the crimiafter the lapse of a few, years what a change knowledge and information, learn what was nal law she has full protection equal with frequently takes place! If their circum- - going on in. the "Great Outside World," I her husband, her brother, or her son. The stances are moderate, and the wife has had heard a number of ladies lecture, took up old Scottish law, if a woman committed a to devote herself to the duties of her housethe study of Phrenology and 'Science of hold without leisure to cultivate herself, an Health," became imbued with the firm ' trespass without her husband's knowledge, she might be chastised by him like a child, inequality appears. The wife has not probelief that in all things men and women has given way to the law establishing the gressed in some directions as the husshould have an interest and understanding of married women to vote at school band has. If a man of intelligence, he has together. 1 1efcl Daniel Webster's Speeches, right elections, and giving them admission to the availed himself of the advantage which his the " Union Text Book' ' of our American universities and to take special courses and sex possesses, and to a certain extent, he Statesmen including the Constutition and ill UU1 UWUtUUUUJf 1 11C WW3 UIC is a man of intelligence through the ad- I Declaration of Independence," and many, VACgiCCS. still more generous; a woman married to a vantages which has left his - wife behind. other works like John Stuart Mill on citizen is deemed a citizen herself; the right Her lagging behind has not been because Liberty," and the more I read, the more I of suffrage in some form or other has been of any inferiority on her part, but because felt the positivejiecessity of woman being of the states and the nature of her.r employment has kept given her in twenty-eigh- t not only a wife and mother in name,' but z rem tones, in our own Territory she to a narrow circle, and with but, very acd - Intellectually "strong, brave, voted on all questions until disfranchised" limited contact with others, and she has wise, prudent efficient and capable. , rethe Edmunds law. im-is of . time It neither had nor to through I am a sincere advocate of woman's opportunities cord that a select committee of the United prove as rapidly as her husband. Every So (also, genuine womanliness.) States Senate has on two occasions reported reflecting father who has daughters and far as the right of franchise goes, every n in favor of so as who desires their happiness and their growth obligation of citizenship, she is as complete to forbid the states making sex the in everything that is elevating, must take to meet as man, yet, I do earnestly think cause of disfranchisement. In most of our interest in those improvements and inventhere should be established a qualification msiuu uons oi learning women are admitted tions which will lighten, woman's toil and for both men and women voters. God to equal privileges with the men, and it give her more leisure' to cultivate the has created them equal, what one is lackneed scarcely be said, they have carried off abilities which she possesses. ing the other possesses, therefore, both in all competitions a full share of the honors. societies for cooking and laundry work, .if are requisite to form a perfect organization The government itself makes no discrimi- pruperly organized and maintained, would in the home community and nation, neither nation against tem in the distribution of do much for the sex in is complete without the other: their rights, lightening houseits offices. The proportion of hold labors and furnishing this healthful and relations are one and inseparable is very large, and of women em' and proper leisure. Politics are the laws and regulations These subjects should receive the atployed in the departments at Washington, which control the acts and conduct of a it can fall but little shoit of fifty per cent. tention of the men, but woman herself can A mother should be acquainted people. This latter advancement, if such it may .be do much towards bringing about changes with these the same as a father, she should deemed, dates only from the year 1 86 1 , which will greatly improve her condition and understand lawful, citizen, family, .property when in September, Secretary Chase of the secure to her advantages that at the and personal rights; for 'tis "she who holds treasury appointed the first lady clerk. time are not generally within her present reach. the destiny, or rather the molding of the During the ensuing three years there were The energy which the sex has displayed character of her children in her own hands. twelve women appointed to offices in the in many directions, the determination Webster says: "we admire the artist who and at last treasury department, reports ten whicti has been evinced to remove from presents the mimic inan upon the canvas, of these were still occupying their places. woman's all obstacles imwhich pathway we honor and respect the sculptor who more than the number During thirty years pede her progress, will doubtless be turned carves out that same image in enduring of women has increased to many thousands, in the directions which I speak of and with marble, but O, how insignificant these and in all the duties imposed upon them the happiest results. achievements though the highest and fairest they have shown adequate capacity, and in Woman's day . is The in all the departments of art, in comparison dawning. . " WW AV W - - 1 . J- - . -- 1 . -- A A. A. - -- " - her-confi- - " ned ... suf-frag- e, amendirig-theConstitutio- Co-operati- post-mistress- ve es -- -- -- 