WOMAN'S gentlemen were to other' the each elder one happy, make reticent and sentimental dlguified, scholarly, the other brilif not melancholy inclined, liant, musical, versatile and affable inclined to even an easy freedom of manner, yet always maintaining the utmost decorum, and never lacking in gallantry, to women or respect towards men older or more distinguished, making himself' a general ; favorite. Meantime while Rob Harrison. and Clair admirably-adapte- manner of devoted ..lovers in sunny Italy, and Dr. Bland and his sedate and acconi-plishe- d wife were completely engrossed with domestic duties; for a new phase of life had , come to them in the who came with such advent of a baby boy, beauty and innocence, ";ss to "awaken" nllthe 'choMrr6TWeclIon" that lay dormant in the hearts of the fond parents. A veritable joy in the household. All the parishioners rejoiced,and when baby was christened there was a great rivalry among the.ladies as tc who should be chosFrom that time Mrs. Blarid en godmother. was more intensely devoted to her home and family, almost forgetting Anna and Clair save at long intervals, when letters reached her of the adventures of the one party, or overflowing happiness of the other. Time "passed, Maitland and Lady Anna returned from the continent and took up their abode m a lashionablef part of London, living in the most aristocratic style, Lady Walton senior having superintended all the arrangements, forXady Anna was totally unaccustomed to society and had no tact . ' or talent. in such matters. Her native innocence was her chief attraction, there was something queenly.in rhexrdignity neverthe- - less, and wherever she went her beaiity and modesty were commented upon. "; Her first lisit tq the.Qli castle was -- quite romantier after her long absence, the old servants were obsequious in theii attentions and every new feature of the old building was told - . . . over in detail. . , Her cousins baby was the most interesting and she never wearied of its praises and grew almost as fond of the little fellow as the fond mother herself. She roamed about the parks andgrovesras in the days oTher7 childhood, visiting her favorite haunts, and cheering the hearts of the tenantry with her hearty good will and lit-ti- e gifts from abroad. our darling gone. Tho' many years have come and gone, Since our darling left his play, And fled from his earthly home, Yet we mourn his loss today. We pine for the sweet cherub face, For the soft and winning smile, The voice so full of tender grace, . beguile.. . little feet dance by my- side, No dimpled hands clasp mine, Life's sparkling cup was dashed aside, Ere the lips had pressed its wine. f hushed for aye.- - his pure glad songr And the merry laughter's cheer, ; - No child voice greets us aT the davvnTy" That so long we've pined to hear. Tho' many years have come and gone, We weep for our birdie flown, . Without him bur hearts are lone. - 107 d were sailing over the Western sea far away from the shores of England, the bridal pair were enjoying their honey-moo- n qftexlhe. . EXPONENT. L. V M. HEWLINGS; WOMAN. day and in the afternoon reports, speeches from Pres. Card and other leading-brethrewith appropriate exercises by Uie sisters was followed by ai general participation of old. and young in the novel and amusing drawing of prizes from a "lucky bag" and "fisli pond, ' the presents being donated by the members of the Society; in connection with this a lunch stand dispensed the good things of life to the hungry throng, and all t felt they had the worth of their money and a neat sum of cash was handed over to the "new meeting "house" fund as the result Woman is first to know sorrow and pain, Last to be paid for her labor, First i" last to obtain Justice, or even a favor. First to greet lovingly man at his birth, Last to forsake him when dying, First to make sunshine around his hearth, Last to lose heart and cease trying. Last.at the cross of her crucified Lord, First to behold him when risen, First, to proclaim him to life restored, Bursting from death's gloomy. prison. First to seek knowledge, the God-lik- e prize, Last to gain credit for knowing, . First to call children a gift from the skies, Last to enjoy their bestowing. First to fall under the censure of God, .rftefcto:xecei v e a (u pardon-- : Fst to kiss meekly the chastening rod, Thrust from her beautiful garden, First to b& sold for the wages of sin, Last to be sought and forgiven, First in the scorn of her dear brother, man, Last in the kingdom of heaven. So, a day co'meth, a glorious day, Early perfection restoring- Sin and its burdens shall be swept away, And leve flow like rivers outpouring. Then woman, who loves e'en thro, sorrow and shame, The crown of a queen will be wearing, And love, freed from lust, a"divinely ' pure n self-sacrific-e, ; u- 1 Iithevening was rendered. Music by the brass band, solo's on the violin and organ, recitations, songs and speeches with some fine step dancing.made up an evening's entertainment not soon to be forgotten. As there are no poor here who depend on the society, the . means gathered - is spcnHn doing for the occasional needs of sickness or accident, and public enterprises. The young peoples' associations are alive and doing. A Fair in the fall, an Annual meeting in Dec. with lunch stand, to raise funds for the Temple and a Leap Year ball, the proceeds going to the meeting ' hcuse, has prevented any sluggishness on the paift of membeis, and those who are doing their duty are happy and content witli their lot, of course we have our grumblers and rowdy element, as "The gospel net", has some of all kinds 110 matter where the saints .dwell, : The Literary and Dramatic Association gave a fine entertainment New Year's Eve; the talent here is certainly excellent, all it wants is to be developed. As the new meetinghouse joins the old one being raised some"twoTeet higher, it answers for a stage, . the old part seats about one hundred and ; fifty tmakeslne" 'auditorium';""Last summer so many dear friends were - -- 1 & . Shall save our sad earth from despairing. That latter-da- y work is already begun, The good from the evil to sever, The Word has gone forth that when all is done, Xhe Jasi jshalLbe,.firstf Lu Dalton, .1" - -- : - " . expected, and I am sure they all felttwelh "paid foflheirtrip7but like "the" seasousrthey"" will surely come, whether we expect them or not. With of the season"- to all dear friends and a prayer for ' "Zion's cause" I am ever yours, V.-'ALBERTA. !': INTERESTING NEWS FROM CANADA. - Dear Editor. With the dawning new year came of-th- e the thought that you had ...not heard from this part of the world for some time. Our community as a whole are in excellent health, - prosperous has been some what unusual, as the snow mat as a rule, came about tne last ot December, came in November, and has just disappeared under the cheering influences of a glorious Chinook, bare hills, plenty of ..grass,., and. happy, stock, are the gratifying results, without question this is the stock country of the North American Continent. A comfortable new meeting house adorns the hill, its dimensions, 26x40 and built from lumber, made at the Cardston Lumber, mills. The grist mill is running now, and turns out good flour, cheese from pur factory ' has sold rapidly, being used exclusively in the local market, and pronounced by all a Cardston, Jan. - 2nd, 1893. - ; first 1'Mss'M business, and pays its stock holders good : living dividends. We have an excellent Church School, with an attendance oLsixty-fivelo- r seventy,, scholars. Elder Sterling Williams, a graduate fromS. L. L. D. S. College being the teacher. The : Relief Society having no outside branches have made their a'nnual. meeting the occasion of general reports and an as- - sembliojVo iMfe mmzmSwas most gratifying in all respects, it came on fast The last held, : ,. v flame, -- Dec. second, THE ISABELLA CLUB HOUSE. The Isabella Club House is in process of construction on a beautiful site within a few minutes walk of the main entrance to the Fair Grounds. In order to purchase outside property and to build a permanent building it has been necessary to interest ' private capital. Every membership certificate issued in the name of the Association will be honored, the present members having the use of tlie Club House for the entire six months for the membership fee of one dollar. The Statue of Queen Isabella is now ready to be cast in bronze: Tliose who - -- ; TiaWseen itleHa Miss Hosmer considers this her crowning work and her name will henceforth be link' ed with-thof the great Queen. The Isabella the Isabella Hotel is progressing rapidly. It is a five story structure" of brick and stone with all the modern improvements. The walls will be hung with beautiful paintings, the productions of the Art De- at Club-House,-adjoi- ning 4ajd;r The Congress Hail is designed to '.'seat six hundred people. Zur. : J ; . , 