WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 150 U. W. P. C. in Stowe, showing tnat woman s spliere was Yet here in the mountains thy people are tree. to be enlarged, and she felt to make the raised letters. ; CHOKUS, read. same assertion herself, was pleased to see, was for The 30th April program in us the in us let the song, dance, Let, join join Different styles of verses, N. V. Davis. that unity was increasing in Salt Lake City, I q thee, Oh! Jehovah, new praises belong; wheel of progress was rolling All honor, all glory, we render to the?, Original article or poem, LilHe T. Freeze. and that the For here in the mountains thy people are free. Article on Woman, Ella W. Hyde. Song on. Vice Prest. E. M. Price read an article In wliat-- have written, I" have used the and music, Gladys Woodmansee. Sketches she had written on the Election of Presiof bamoan Women, Mary A. jbreeze. dents, continuing the subject spoken upon expression, "my. husband" when some as suffragists we" Young,-sai- d Article - on the sixth - sense. L. G. Richards. by Phebe times I should have said "our husband" - for I was one of several wives, some of Music Mamie Freeze. Lvdia D. Alder was should always be learning something politithem as noble women as ever lived. The voted a member of the club, Benediction cal. J2Veshbuld be progressive and should1 be able to understand these subjects: was pronounced by N. V. Davis.. Refreshof my husband's wives. A better, or more ments were then served, and the usual Louisa K. Spencer had enjoyed very much the things she had heard, thought we could noble woman I never knew. , In our travelpleasant chat followed. not learn too much pertaining to the sufElia W. Jivde, Sec. Pro Tern. ing together we sometimes took turns, she frage question. Mary., A. Bassett, Millie driving one day and I the next, she had a Bassett and Ann E. Neal, each made a few" delicate babe, and when she drove I took CO. S. S. W. L. A. remarks upon suffrage. care of it, and vice versa, and "through all " the vicissitudes of our life together we have suggested the ladies read of The the ' loved aiid regular monthly meeting these subjects and become , posted, said respected each other greatly, .and t , Co. Salt S. in W. Lake the ti. ,1 . . A. convened woman was an liiieicbuii she has always been very near and dear to aiuuy, uiougnt thirteenth Ward Assembly Rooms. Tan. 17. we to keep up with the times, prayed me, and her children are next to my own. ought Vice A. Prest. in W. the God to bless us. Meeting stood adjourned Eardley This principle of marriage if understood 1893. chair. "God bv shall Opened singing till the third Tuesday in March. and lived rightly, does not, as many suplead us M. A. Freeze, on." Prayer by W. Hyde, Sec. Pro, Tern. . Ella pose, develop the baser feelings common to y continued now by' singing fallen humanity; but rather the higher and froiiTthee." Mrs. Ella W. Hyde was nomi nobler attributes. It teacher unselfishness, nated and unanimously sustained to act as that the world and all it contains was not QUEEN ELIZABETH. made for you alone; but that others have 1 reasurer. The roll was called, and the At this time Wyatts rebellion broke out feelings, -- rights - and privileges- as velt:as minutes ofthe previous rneetiner were read amended and C. C. Mrs. and-arR. accepted. conas have and there were several uprisings in dife you worthy of just wells spoke upon the subject, "Is woman ferent sideration. If lived prayerfully and patientparts of the kingdom this was the to inferior man handled "and intellectually, tends to it and ennoble the heart, time they tried-tly purify place Lady Jane Grey on in a it creditable manner very reading to the and one understand mind, the throne, but Wyatt was entrapped and expand and comprehend a higher life which cau.be several extracts from different papers. taken prisoner; the made a confession "in" V s ' learned in no other way. ' ' " ''." Maggie Bassett, then' sang a song, entitled which he implicated. Elizabeth. Mary was "All! 1 nave sighed to rest me." Mrs. M. determined now to secure her sister, sick or GAtiia. 2 ' iioit made a snort address upon "Woman s March 7th, 1893. well, so she sent three commissioners with a Work, "showed how many women could rise troop of horses and her own litter to carry-heabove all difficulties and with their divine in in case she was unable to travel any U. W. P. CLUB. fluence encourage all those with whom they otheron, way. They arrived at Ashbridge at associate. A reading entitled ' 'What some The monthly meeting of the V. W. J yromen havedone-i- n dbttsiness byVice -- Clul: Prest; E. McFarlane, Mrs. M. A. Irvine moved.' but physicians testified thnt she. March 22nd 1893. Prest. E. B. AVells in said my heart is in this work and I would could "go:with6ut danger of her lifer so thes " the chair. Prayer was offered by Lydia D.: rather work any time - than ' speak. Mrs. shw"asplad"""upo"n ' the with senti- - J.L P:.Silyer.-saidlitter and started for London, twenty-nin- e .ments. from - tile w all the new memberships possible, related miles away; she was now completely in Minutes of previous meeting read and an interesting circumstance of how a wo- Mary's power, they traveled in The programme was carried man won the office of Justice of the Peace, great state -approved. out as follows. A song by7 Miss Pearl I feel that it is women that need to be befitting a princess,and were four days on the way; as they neared their destination a Russell. Nevada V. Davis recited in' a converted. Vice Prest. E. M. Price said we pleasing manner, selections from favorite have all got to study hard before we ever great many people came out to meet her as a token of respect which many did not at American authors; Ruth M. Fox recited excel in directions, in order to prove all many v an original poem entitled "My Fortieth ourselves enjoy. to our tellow.men. equal r took Elizabeth to one Vfnr- "!. In terminer nrtiMo, of the palaces r., Mrs. Ella W. Hyde said I believe m wo iUUlttUV.C at vvmte Mall where she was examined, but and Superstition" by Phebe C. Young, man's and desire to do all I can to suffrage Miss Maude Pratt favored the proved against her, where upon she company assist the cause. 'Meeting stood adjourned nothing was with two songs the music was very much until the third released, but there were other persons in Feb. Tuesday implicated in Wyatts plot who made enjoyed. The meeting was then thrown charges against her, and Mary had her reopen for members to discuss business and s. L. co. w. s. a.. arrested and sent to a, famous palace called N. V. Davis thought express their ideas. the good things we had, should not be Court where she was strictly, The regular monthly meeting of . the Hampton From to there she was to be taken ourselves, but should be imparted Salt Lake Co. W. S. A. convened kept in the guarded. to the Tower of London, she sent a letter, to others, our knowledge was given to 13th Ward Assembly hall Feb. 21st 1893 to us to hold in trust. When we read Prest. Nellie C. Tavlor in Mary protesting, her innocence and begrbmV ' letter did no books to and get new ideas, Opened by the good ging good, singiiig 'Hark the sound of she was taken down others should be benefitted - -- by them r the river and compellmynaa voices," Prayer by Vice Prest. E ed to enter the Tower, through the Traitors, Mary A. Freeze related some interesting M. Price. Singing, "Our country now incidents in the experience of her from thee-- " The roll .was called, and gate; Elizabetlideclared she was no; traitor and would;not" wholi just returnqdfrbm Samo- a- minutes of the previous read and meeting described tropical fruits and palms, Prest. obliged to yield, she was kept a close prison- Phebe C. approved. made Young some Ws-sai- d therM er for a month, after that she was allowed valuable suggestions Prest. enTaylor knew to others was a correct principle, and dorsed her to walk in the royal apartments every day and also remarks, made a few one in which she firmly believed, and after awhile in the others on the same subject. thought garden; when she 3he C had been me sixia was me spiritual sense TKo imprisoned three months she was spose verbally upon the subject, subject was disettssed by members, Lucy xuung very much alarmed at the sound of martial How Presidents were elected Clark recited some verses in connection with the by Eleetoral which ' c wviv ill LCI - music she was afraid'of being beheaded and Coege., . , the subject. N. V. Davis reported what the inquired very anxiously if the block was and instructive. May committee had done in reference, to the esting Talmage gave still there on which Lady Jane was executa recitation entffWi R two badge presented ed. She was told she was to be .taken to a designs to select from one with a Bee, and one with a Greek Head;" ; Dr. place called Woodstock, a royal palace tryH,g1abDrfonfie:gleral'gi. , Tho' Babylon trembles, and thrones cease to be, with a Greek Lamp,-wit-h " - - , , The-Preside- nt 1 i-- 1.1 4. "Our-Countr- 9 -- o . . - r nexL-jmornin- TAldef:--RoircaUsiel--lo- g fel-4eterminedt0- L ' "gain -- -- , ."f . -- ..." -- -- be-releas- " ed, , son-in-la- w - , . : slvampit-wassdeadedtb"- ha BarnJS - foriyor-fifty-miles-torih- she was very much distressed - at this, not 