the Women of Zion. and ih, ncKnisoj VOL. 21. ; ; f ; contents: ' 7; ; ' ' - . ; A Story. Utah Co. W. S.fA. S. A, Graham' W. S.:; A. South Bountiful-Aug- usta Joyce, Crocheron.. Woman's Suffrage Endorsed. National Couucil of Women Rachel Foster Avery. Acknowledgement .Historical and Heroic Deeds of Women Susan, G. Cooked In Rural England '."?'' .' -- uZ rr vine a vj tin . - lj . XXIX. . WALTON crew more 11 n. as the' time flew,. by and Maitland happy still remained so much away, not even his motner could persuade him to give up out- fetiesand sports, though she bought ; solemn promises, made altar but it EditoriaL: Liberty . Bel I T 1893, r U. W. P? C Avas of no avaiir.he could not be convinced Valentine Party. Editorial Notes, ot his wrong dome:. to his 'Poetry: Wheat L. li;, G. Richards. Our love for i'Anna and his determination to To Baby Jjila. MotherPenn. Poverty's marry her in the face of opposition as hav- ... Pangs Steve Sherlock. j .) ing been:; the cause of serious difficulty be- WHEAT.'". ' .C" tween his father and- herself and closed an eloquent appeal by saying, "My dear boy "a-r are you" going to bring more sorrow to my .'Twheaf,'. wheat!" .sang Dird, brie autumn '" .' morn, !yalready- - heavily burdened life, your father As I plucked for breakfast some fears of Corn; would never : cease , to reproach" me a with "Twheat, wheat, wheat, wheat!' and it' danced befriending your .cause in the matter, .upon :' .'; with glee, r.r.; wincn you sought my interference and On the bending limb of an apple tree; r , lhi:- ' which to ,me was a much greater trial than a v jThat's. happy song, little bird, I said, you couia possibly know but let tne past 'Your children, and mine, will be amply fed.' suffice, and try to be a man worthy the po-- ; Th'wheat.''ch;"cK the sition you hold' as the only son and heir of ' '' ' chickens, too," '':'Jl me w anon ' estates ana title, lnsteaa oi . V ' As from and. barn-lopursuing a.t course which 'must' eventually they 'clumsily v flew.-- perches bring ruin to all our hopes'." ir; Yes, yes old roosterV I answered back,' Maitland' s reply, was unsatisfactory and She-appealed- . I .t ; - - : : ; ' : -?, ,:-- ft . ; . : shall have yourJreAkfas . I "Iff only fair that your family begs, We give thein' grain, and they give us eggs. "Wheat! Wheat!", all the farmers were calling ' . that-da- y, ': ; . tomor-- I. Who sendeth the t ,... .;:.:'! tain, And giveth the seed-tim- e and harvest of grain! Fulfilling a promise, are blessings now pouVd, Till we're lacking of room for our grain' to ' be stored: . , "There's a surplus," 'Us said, "send it over the ; ? . Where they make better clothing, and cheaper r than we." .... But wait! are they true, .those statistics 'which . , ; tell, . -- . ; That of grain, which to England's sons we more than is used for bread, each year, Is made into whiskey and ale and beer? And are we friends of humanity, then, sell,-Muc- . Vho furnish H : r:. ( ; - an-rie- Our children niay still . ! . . SBK ; i ; r ' 1 down-afWal- tpn : h He who supplietjv abundance today, " Hath taught us aasurer' and nobler ; vfoy; To J511!. like ' -wise discreet and Joseph, Strong granaries for our surplus wheat; n ' ; ?( ,j Storing it up for a time of wa v;x ;When famishing nations our shores will haunt ; Can we blindly, thesesacre yuties shirk, ; ; ,men are among us, pleading for 'work? f r gf to bu!ldf ,gi vethem pLHl.?ot mth the staff of life have our bins well filled, crorToT Majf- should fiords; ordrouth spoil ; . ; the jmeahsf Nay, ( - ' , UIAU : : . nim irom,me pam 01 ngnt ana perhaps into sin andwickedness. Vf laitland soon recovered and .when he was himself a&aiu "i; AJ4UUiA imwmcu miu oi,.uis goou fortune that the : boy was hearty, and twrell (a handsome child) and though Anna-- , was sun wean ana laint, ana musr have no ex e lUii ' leading' stnncrs, : nel could hotJ, endure over, but added, 'you will.have to change woman s tears and frreproacnes, be wTas your habits of life, for Anna's life depends "' upon the course yrou pursue, surely, this "X)Hng 'forward to; a"p6sitiohr will .be. a lesson, supposing she.had died and suenceT4hantosettle k Hall to represent f H. V Shire - and ' " he you away, we knew,, not where, no ' one would' be a good husband ' withal besides, could possibly ascertain your ;y hereabouts ' ' said 'he what' does Anna know about men we tried in vain to find you." J Maitland was too much 'stricken to reply any way her father .was an old' tyrant and lived abroad, a fast life, most likely, and and only begged to be allowed to see his wlleand child, v I will ask the Doctor, when eer 'ei1 un 1 ' .. .liis motner ;;teit remonstrating ..useless, youcan oe admitted, but you must promise ms miner wpuia ue no use m uuvisiug uuu mc ueiuieimuu mat mere snau not oe a scene, even if you are reproached by word ; she spoke, to Mrs. Bland about the XDoct6r. ne jaiew ne must nave noucea now very vi iuok, ouiewise i,wm not permit you to inattentive. Maitland wras to his wife, and go in for Mrs. Bland who has never left her though.' the, fact' was humiliating, too much cousin for one moment during the night is depended upon it in the present case to indignant at your conduct and well she admit bf delay." already she'had warne may. be,1' : Maitland .was too much morti-he- r soil 'By1 telling iiini'lAnna's motheV' had Jed to reply and he really loved his wife in died after giving: birth to her child, she his own fashion, but the prize was now his hitterly j regretted :havingv consented ' to . his own and he held it lightly as many: do that living iniondon, her hope now lay in the which has been eagerly sought beforehand. r influence bf Dr. Bland: Evervthin that ;;For some weeks '.Maitland; was attentive ;Lady Waltoii Sen. and her "cbusiny Jane he-- ; seemed! quite; changed; his wife. was could "devise to : amuse: and 'entertamthe slowly I recovering! and his - mother ?r iiad" 'Voune wife :.was.'camedlhWe2ecti arid she special need of his assistance for the Doc-bore up wonderfully in outward demeanor tors prquouirced his father's' case hopeless: considering what she suffered 'inwardly. 1 in fact Lord Walton's departure from .; life Her elaborate infant i wardrobe' f 'was a was fast; approaching; "THeas mbsToflllie gratification, much of it the artistic workl of time wandering in his mind and would talk her 'own' dainty- - fingers thatf had allr the much of the past, and of? Sir Edward, and deftness-ariingenuity of a French woman,, when- he was told the baby; was to: he ilcucu mbisiea upon tne Doy pemg can 'and sue rwould sometimes speaK to ner cousin of her future expectations, saying, ed after his maternal grandfather. AVithin ifWheri w6 have a little one it will surely three months from the birth of Lady Anna's Lord Henry be a tie to bind Maitland to his home," child,. the death anCburial-b- f though iears:j was .ciosea; ana tne. wiaow, ner son, ; ; - her utterance.1; pFinally the event transpired,dne m when'Maitland; had been absent all- night iri; Herefordshire Dr. and MrsHBdud had in scorch o and though messengers-we- nt him, he was not to be found at any of the of the Hilliards and things seemed to quiet -- : v. sea, ; ol-mpx&i- &ri; iu grain ueias ana upianas tney nurned away. The reapers and threshers must labor with Haste, Lest the golden kernels should fall to waste: And with brotherly kindness they lend and they ' borrow '.VS row.' How Good ! and how. Great ! hive bread to eat? L. L. G. Richards. . , - u-ipj- -L I'll help you to day, and 'you help me --- dtemetti3:-the;4aiig- ! ' Idv -- - ' ' ' . ;. . . t . - 1 as : ; ' r t - He places he was known to frequent. came in just in time to hear the announce; meut, of the birth of a 'son , and that Lady .Walton was alarmingly and dangerously, ill. Shocked beyond all control and weak from having been up all night, the young husband swooned in the ante-rooand his valet had to summon a physician. "''".'.'. not leave his patient and a called in.j j a Waltoii Sen. left the unconscious youncr "mother to come to her son's couch, her heart nearly breaking with crnef that he should have been so indifferent as to absent himself from home at such a time, , and niortified that he was so physically weak, as t0 succumb when his assistance. courage and moral support was most needed. : Poor unfortunate fellow she thonght. to - yield to, the., seductive temptations of those wno care. lor naught but pleasure and not, ,who live 'for show and sensation,- forgetful maf sue herseit was, in some respects answerable tor the society and .allurements strancre-phvsiciaiii-w- 1 , .1,11 . -- ; ; , m at-t- he , No. 16: . -- Uic- . , i5; 1893; . LADY ANNA J T,aligns. . IN RURAL ENGLAND. - Notes Obituaries. . . if T 3E? . SALIAK:? CIUTAHFKBRUARY -- r- Piirhi,, '5 '"r v rt. . 5 : d , ., -- ' - : j ( i . 