viuAiN a citizens of a common country but in a pecuniary way; our merchants buy of them and obtain credit in proportion to the pros- BKA-- t one-thir- our memorial. Telegrams of sympathy and encouragement were received from Park' City, Ogden, Corinne, and Provo. The mandolin club of young girls rendered a beautiful selection which was very pleasing in effect and the audience applauded until they were obliged to give an-enco- Dr. Ellen Gage and Mrs. Cornelia Pad- dock made re. -- Tin: Relief Society Confereu 1 j. I iai Idah0 vi n Presi- -  . Mont-peher,Pie- All-we- ' very effective .and interesting speeches and Miss f AuM elecu tionist read feelingly a poem entitled , "The Silver Bells," quite in keeping, with the sentiment of the meeting, it was heartily n nn ( l.t nnLal; Vli, . .A ll :ifeiiaiMteisotrie .r r 1.1 11 trerry was me nexi encouraging remarks. Sister Mary Bagley uauuici ui speaker and told much of the miner's life spoke a short time, bore a faithful testimony and hardships in a pathetic way; she also to the truth of the Gospel. Prest. Lindsay gave clearly the condition as it now exists spoke of the duty of parents to their children, and also of the duty of presidents to the poor and Vvho came to Utah in 1847, and knows and of the Relief Society, perhaps as much oi this country as any sick among them, said that she was in woman living, made some strong points on need of some one to assist her and her counselors in visiting the different brauches home industries-anour being self sustaining, thought the people had done well in of the Society. Sister Mary Bagley was chosen and unanimously sustained to act as keeping calm during the4" time of excitement around us. A solo by Miss Jennings such assistant. ''Ti.S OUT 1nct rvino Trt- - eiliot-Prest. James Hart spoke at some length ofr irnc in our church, exquisitely rendered, also a song, by Mrs. on the missions of the sisters Woodrow, "A miner's plea for silver,' wTas and the object of their organization. Sisters Mary Bagley :aud Rose Hillier were then given m excellent taste and clear deep tones. to their different callings by Prest. A severe storm coming up caused ' set apart some of the Hart and Bishop Hunt of St. Charles. speeches that, had been preConference adjourned for six months. pared to be passed over which was very Glorious Homef'? much regretted. Mrs. Ryan and Mrs. Singing, "Jerusalem My Benediction by msiiop-Jtiun- i, Nelden both ladies of special talent had .Miss Rosi: Hillier, Cor. Sec. been expected to speak.. Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson gave a synopsis of her speech which was a "sort of review of .the silver SALT, LAKB:.STAKIL Hestion and htstory of trade and commerce that would have been valuable to give in The Quarterly Conference of this stake V had there been time. of Zion convened in the Salt Lake Asl Hall in this City, Friday June 30, ; Durin- g- the meeting "Mrs. W. F. James sembly President M. Isabella Home presidcioved that a copy of the menforial be sent 1893 to Mrs. PVances On the stand with the President was Cleveland, the President's ing wife, the motion" was seconded, "Was voted her Counselor E. S. Taylor andE.B. Wells, the absence : of in as uPon and carried Secretary -acting Xv the assembly. by with Altogether the meeting was, a success Margaret A., Caine. Meeting opened we come before thee now," sininp?a-e- rLord r was offered by E. B. Fletcher. .. gatenmg the people in the East on the etc O mv Father thoxi that dweUest, " Silver cmtinV i,r1i,Vli thpxn pra 3 by Secietaries, remark's rprrrf'TrrviTiif t p ttiniiotinif-- cnui to urged those presenfto make every effort . ii f awaKeu omers to a realization 01 t ie im portance of bein" "dilie;ent?fu the work of the Society, and seek to become moreintelli- gent upon all subjects-an- d especially to set good examples in all places and at all I times, in the liome and before the world, . . j j j. -- -- dustry the efforts that were 'being made to encourage it and of Sisters Caiue, Fos green and Pyper going to'Chicago to manufacture it from the Utah cocoons, with the primitive reel and loom. that' had been used here, Verbal reportsPresident Emma Wood-- " ruff, Fanner s Ward, Sugar House, President Gibson, Mill Creek, President Hill," Union, Secretary Smarts, South Jordan, Counselor Holt,, West Jordan, President Cutler, North Jordan, President Pixton, Granger, Counselor Park, Pleasant Green, President Hirst, Rive.rtou, President Silcock, Centre Ward, President WhittakerM Brighton, President Hazon. All the reports were favorable and there seemed to be an excellent spirit and feeling with them. Counselor E. S. Taylor 'made a few remarks especially exhorting the sisters to faithfulness and advancement in the practical work of the organization, said many good things, cautioned all to act with wisdom. Conference adjourned till 2 p. in. benediction by E. Singing Ddxology, Stevenson. Afternoon; session: On the stand with -- : , V. 1 1 1 , v-- , ui. - d " - v' ; , - iy m st. Counselors, Proci- - c dent Lindsay- presiding. The choir sang, xxat tuuugu me be sicy starless," prayer Elder M. Allred When -- the Heart is pressed with,Singing' care." Roll called and minutes of the former conference read aim approved, Opening remarks appropriate to the occasion made by Prest. Lindsay, ' The branches of Ihe society were then represented as follows, St. Charles Prest. J. C. Callaway, Fish Haven, Frances Howell, . Bloomhigton, Sarah Patterson, Pans, i.st Ward, Margaret Sutton, re Patrea Hogansen. reported as in good condition. The statistical and financial report was then read. vlu.. vtij unci tiling ana instructive re inancswere made by Prest. Lindsay and Counsclcr Hart, after which Prest. Lind say explained that she was in need of a corresponding sec'y, and it was moved and carried that Miss Rose Hillier act as Cor. Sec. Prest. Annie Laker of the primary associations made some remarks in which she gave good instructions. Meeting adjourned - by singing, benediction by ' Brother Jno. Bagley. Sunday 2 p. m. President Lindsay presiding. Singing I'll praise my maker etc., prayer by Brother Hart, singing. The sacrament was administered and during its administration the choir sang, "Come follow me.'",. A few, remarks were made by Prest. Lindsay , after which ations.were represented as "follows, Ovid, Sister - Carlson, -- Preston--Miss Addie iaris 2nd Ward by Sister Dalrymple. Collins, who after reportinir the associa- - irby rpnrppnrrl liv Treasurer one, teachers two, making in all 36 brauches, leaving ten without represen- tation. The President made some opening LAKE STAKE. at St Cliarlcs sXrnICn(;d 27..i8o?. nt m m . " follows, in lrmirl7f dents, - country. are built, our mines opened railroads Our and our improvements .largely maule' on credit. Our railroad, state, territorial and municipal bonds, our principal loans and ranch of our mining stock are. held in the cast, therefore they cannot ruin" our , one great industry and inestimably lessen values "" without damaging their own interests. " The development of this country and the ..investments, in property here have been undertaken and accomplished when the laws of the country and the platforms of its political parties pledged the nation to maintain, the parity between gold and silver, and gave investors the greatest pledge of security in the world, and while we do not understand why this pledge has failed, we see and know the effects of its failure. We With you we have an are loyal women. intense affection and pride in our native land, and we cannot believe that an appeal which directly affects the happiness aiid d of this prosperity of the people of be listened can to with indifference republic most we and by you, respectfully submit 13 R. S. REPORTS. aS perity of our Ai'UNENT. oVif the dark qw cct. ;RoU Museum j A??m .uyjji Taylor and II. M. Whitney also acting Secretary E. B. E. J. Stevenson. fleeting opened by.-sinsrincreioice in the davf of ti tj i "Now let us... :AVellsand-Sisters-K.Webb-a- nd - 11 salvIiolitllalurpm singing, 0, ye mountains high etc. President Jlorne made a lew opening remarks and spoke" a short tune upon the World's Fair, particularly of the manufactures and the accurate representations of different countries,and also agriculture, and described some of the State Buildings, mentioned Illinois, Iowa, South Dakota and described, the corn palace most definitely Canada was not foreotten nor the cheese weigrhi ng 22000 lbs. Couuselor H. M. Whitney spoke upon spiritual topics entirely, and the many testimonies we are receiving from day ;to day. ' ' .- .- . Mrs. E. B. Wells dwrelt at some length World's Fair exhibits, the Woman's Building including our own silk exhibit, the Fine Arts, the Liberal Arts and the General Buildings. Dr. M. H. Cannon trave an interesting: account of the convent of La Rabida where Columbus" called on his way ta the Court of Spain to ask for bread for himself and his boy, wlien the old monk. ucouracred him to. persevere in his endeavors to discover a new land, told him it was the will of the Lord, described the room where Columbus slept, it was filled with the paintings him, and differed of the period, artists in their ideas of the subject. She ,caid she had been deeply interested in the Cliff Dwellings and the ' bearing it had upon the authenticity of the Book of Mormon and the proofs of Her address was" specially people. entertaining. upon the . " 