WOMAN'S EXPONENT. N. W. R. S. CONGRESS DEPARTMENT OF THE National Woman's Relief Society. Department Hall, No. VII, of the Memorial Art Palace, Michigan Avenue, 'facing Adams Street, near the centre of Chicago, Friday, May 19, 1893. Morning session, . 10 o'clock. 157 - i . the mountains I felt th and I am only one of thousands who have watched the rearing of those walls and seemed to be a part of them, so much have our thoughts dwelt upon arid Jonged-for-thedayof ' ' On the sixth of April, 1S53, when the corner stones were laid perhaps those dear ones who took part in the crv?rc of Exercises!) believed (Program ,and to also take part in the dedi' Kate Romney. cation, but alas! how few are Music, Voluntary, three left, of the apostles, one patriarch andonly Congregational Hymn, one high "O My Father, Thou That Dwellest." some few of the choristers and pnesV Sarah M. Kimball musicians, can Prayer, any of us of a later geneZina D. H. Young ration imagine the Opening Address, intense delight of them Jane S, Richards at this time when Relief Society, they look back over Women in Medicine, Ellis R. Shipp, M. D. those forty years of temple building and Pioneer Women of Utah, 1847-4now realize the consummation of their M. Isabella Home hopes and prayers. ; The thought is beautiZina Y. Card ful to me, it is almost The Children, heavenly, and I Mountain Home "Our So Song,Dear,',' greatly enjoyed seeing the greeting of those Cornelia H. Clayton aged fathers and mothers within the blessed ' Amusement of the early days (Paper) and marked walls, the happiness in their Nellie Little faces as they seemed to say, "it is finished," Western Women, Authors and Journalists. and as 1 watch them and think of them I feel to say God bless you and may you (Grain Saving by Women) yet Emmeline B. Wells live many years to that house enjoy your labor and prayers and faith have built. How Types of Women, M. Hughes Cannon, M. D. well repaid the saiiits all feel when they Emily Shurtliffe behold the elegance and grandeur of this Impromptu, Industrial Women, Electa Bullock temple with imassiyevvalls, its Jrescoed Doxology and Benediction. ceilings, its marbled and inlaid floors, its elegantly wrought and carved founts and baths, its soft carpets, its dainty hangings, PASSING THOUGHTS. its art windows, its exquisite furnishings all " blending arid combining making a Temple : 1ne The Temple great event has perfect and complete beyond compare. come it is passing.' Daily thousands of people pass within the sacred walls, gaze Music: During the temple dedication with wonder and (admiration, join with the people of Utah had a wonderful and faithful hearts in. the grand inspiring beautiful revelation concerning the divine music art. Did any of us really know before the prayer, harken to the of. the choir and the interesting and pro- talent of . our musicians? From the .morning of the first meeting, when the three liosannahs to God and the Lamb and pajss hundred trained voices, under the baton of dojwntl granite step our admired Evan S tephens, peeled forth ZZifefc-wiizin'tliat;4iours g havepassedr tbosebHuIifuI "anthenis and hymns T until for so rapt are they in the events of the "the close of the three weeks during which moment. During the week of the dedinot only the Salt Lake choir but also the cation I have gazed from my casement choirs of Utah." Weber. Cache and San oete windows towards the great edifice and Counties sang for us there was a continual watching the tall graceful towers, like and delightful surprise. ' The capability of angels in the blue sky have lived over the" Utah choirs has long been known and again. those precious momentsspent within commented upon -- and their' renditions of " the walls. difficult music have been much admired, Some say that places so beautiful, so not alone by our owm people but by chaste, so sacred are fit dwellings for strangers who have visited us, and our choir angels and that their forms may be seen leaders nave nad many deserved compli and.eir voices rnaybeheard ments but their fame as composer3 has not the feeling that prevades the soul been so "widely known. Surely all who while enjoying the services in this holy listened to the divine and inspiring strains place. durintr the conference will no longer doubt love are and & of the angels They mercy, their ability to compose and will .bestow of goodwill and charity, and in our hearts just praise on all. I he words alone, so alone do we feel their presence. This appropriate and sweet, the music tender yet dedication is to the Saints the greatest event sublime and the most perfect v rendition : for many years. How long we have made a" feast for the soul: watched the building of the Temple and There was not a little surprise afforded us, as stone has been laid upon stone our faith wThen we leanied that the beautiful words And prayers have been offered for the safe of one of the anthems, was composed by and perfect completion of the building and no w that "if is so handsomely completed Jos. F. Smith, a young woman so modest well may we . feel proud and happy. The of her talents that this is the first public a 'Cempleis so dear, so sacred to us all. How use she has made of them as a little child I remember the sight of the glorious, occasion it was; surely it was well great stones one at a time being hauled chosen. along the streets by two yoke of oxen and The concerts in the large tabernacle afwe would all stand for them to pass with a forded much pleasure to our visitors as well feeling of aw;e and reverence, and so in as ourselves. Being a people gathered, later years when the trains brought the from all parts of the world it is very de- : completion. ' . - 8, . . - - " " soul-stirrin- g . -- .. ... plietic-words -- , -- - """ . j - -- . and-wh- at - I --and waited to'see them pass with the same I- liVhtful-4 j tfclisteiizjimv national songs of our native lands, especially whnothusiastieallyttng-byotrrim children. Our own dear song, "The Banner," is always new, though we heard it every hour and the heart beats a response tb every word like a martial accompaniment. If ever T lived" in another land and that land became my home I know that the words and liotesof that song would bring the tears from my eyes; the sighs from my heart, at the same time my soul would throb with pride and joy at the thought of that precious flag. Feeling all this I know that others, feel the same aud it was a happy, thought to have the national concerts at this time for every Englishman loves to listen to. the strains of "Rule Brittania," the Irish weep at the thought of "The Dear Little Shamrock," the sturdy" Scott is ever proud of " Auld Lang Syne," and so. do the Welsh, the Swede, the Dane and Swiss, the the. Italian and the German, . . . trench love their native land and all that calls forth sweet memories of it. Truly asks the poet: Star-spang- le ..... - I . . Is there a man with soul so dead Who never to himself has saM, This is mv own. mv native Inml Of all the national airs the one most widely known and sung in other countries, not its own, is the song of France "The Marseillaise, aud the history of this won- derail hymn, recently published in music is so interesting that I .''shall glean the" for the. Exponent.'principal points 'On the 20th, of April, 1792, France had declared war xm Austria and Prussia and a feeling of intense patriotism ;pervaded the French empire. Four days later the may- , or ot btrassbunr eave a bn among the guests was Claude Joseph Rouget do Lisle, captain of engineers, a young man popular aud somewhat noted as an amateur poet and musician. The host asked the cantain if he tin wt-- n war song for the departing volunteers and v,t -- All nrof vuv.. .., T m.i,.J ..yes. ana went. , xioic ausncicu . . i rrx v 1,.,,,. TM.i unyjuc.i desk, and when the . 1 . at ins mornincr of April 2th dawned the "Marseillaise" was finished. It was the result of one night's work and he'called it the war song of the army of the Rhine. On that very day it was played by a full orchestra on the market, place in Strassburg, and the "Marseillaise" .celebrated its first triumph. The northern wing of the French army brought the song with them to the seat of war and copies of it were quickly scattered over the whole of Alsace-- In Paris it remained unknown for some time. First it must mss throticrlV Marseilles. , In (June, 1792, the council of Marseilles had collected a number of volunteers who understood how. to die and whose moral worth was generally such as to deserve - death. These Marseilleans were feasted by their fellow citizens on June 25. A citizen by the name of Mireaux from Moutpelier, rendered Rouget de Lisle's song, the enthusiasm it created was tremendous and on the following day a leading journal of the city printed the song under nut--wiiote- r " . theitlerJThewiir The soldiers of Marseilles who ve:ut to rans urougnt copies ot the song with them and sung it while entering Paris July 13th, and again in August while the Tuilleries were stormed it was sung by the whole populace. In Paris, where the history of the song was unknown, it was called 'Hymn des Marseillaise;' this became its final name. As 'La Marseillaise' it is not alone f:tliepatriotic- - :song- - of tiKFreiich Republic, but the sonj? of libertv or ratlr in -- icvoiution lor xm wnpie world. There -- 