WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 120 but Udfted. in music also revealing poetical the finer elements and "emotions, that ever characterize those sensitive souls who feel much more than it is possible to express in the language of the world, and are never quite understood, even by those witn wnom they are intimately associated. "On St. George's day of the great Testa at herrara. the 24th. ot Apnl while all the family were awav sharinc the trav festivities. a day made sweet by the glorious spring of itaiy, ne stole out unnoticea ana leit ms father's house forever to enter a convent: this was in iaiz when lie was 11 vears of age, at that time he had no desire to be either, a priest or a monk, he was melancholy and sick of the world. He crossed ' JL can give himself up to debauch all night, without interfering with his power oi working all day, and whose mind is so versatile that he can sack a town one morning and discourse tinon the beauties of Plato the next, and weave iovous ballads through both occupations gives his flatterers reason when they applaud him. Such a man was Lorenzo de Medici, the leader of Florence." "The few honorable and righteous men there kept apart "overwhelmedj bv the tide which ran in favor of that leading citizen of the city of Florence. Society had never been more dissolute, more selfish, or more depraved. In fact the age of Lorenzo looked largely forward to the wor ship of Pagan gods. " himself at the Dominican Convent: he Cardinal Bambo bade his mends "beware asked only to be a lay brother, to ease his of, lest their reading S.t. Paul's soul with simple work, in the garden, or to barbarous style should Epistles,his-tacorrupt make rude garments for the- - monks, which This intellectual full of debauchery, was age seemed better to him than the vain questions cruelty and corruption, violating oaths, and doctrines of Anstotle; but soon after betraying trusts, believing: in nothing but taking refuge in the cloister he was made Greek manuscripts, coins and statues, carlecturer of the convent, and found himself ing for nothing but pleasure. in the same round of philosophy; but there 1 his eventful period of intellectual lie was lorced to , obey. It is said, "he development and growth in all that is obeyed with docility,", a ,sign of grace in beautiful in art and heroic in science proves him not in keeping with his emotional tern the falsity of the assertion so often made - elevate mankind. perament. ji that education aone This plunge into the Church to escape It is not so there must ever be a balance irom the world was calculated to convince of" spiritual power to hold in check the pasthe young man more readily of the cor- sions and to counteract the influence of ex cesses in luxuries and pleasures. ruption of the Church and in a wav sharp m 'Tt.l er and more heartfelt than before. j. tiis cuntiiiion 01 me city 01 Florence bixtus 1 v . ana many inferior prelates was the awakening; of Savonarola, the caused him to see with critical eyes, and to hour had come when he could no longer be lament the sms of the Church. "He sees silent. the true Church in a vision, and sees her "Florence lying in bonds, smears of place invaded by a shameless creature, sees blood upon her garments, and loathsome her; bosom . torn with a thousand wounds. upon her lips, and the church groan hears enough to make the stones weep of songs under the domination of one evil Pope, tn& usurpation-ot- v the -- harlot;' For years ing looking forward to a worse monster still after he had to be silent to and teach the , . .v for the reign of the Borgias, culmination - . far-fame- 7 ste , ' . : ; - i SEK?S-- . ' smouldered until the hcur of conflagration came. He made the best of a lot now apparently unalterable and besides his teacnmg wrote essays and poems of value, - of aUevil..ckedness.ajching. Ii" 1 , mai lav upon me common peon yyn e. ,1 othin : - 1 liTITZZ".. iaeer'Tl ..- , , - of-th- , e -- -- T(H?etvTiHnurdr sert.se of terror and punishment, the vengeance of troa against a world full of miauitv that darkened the very air around him." Savonarola was sent out to preach like the towns and villages at pefce vEJ-JL-f-- an of all writ? tential seasons, and even then he could not of the Stagyrite. He began an elaborate the prophecies that filled his help study of Plato which he afterwards destroy.' soul. uttering Wherever he was allowed to preach ea. seven years ot this sort of life was the m fJrescia, m ban. Creminiano the flood interval of waiting before his real mission ' came to him. After his obscure life in the poured forth; 'and in spite of himself he thundered from the pulpit a thousand woes convent, he came forth strengthened, for me Duraen mat lay upon him. Toiling against the wicked with intense and alarm ing eiiect. When he endeavored to 'sneak across the merged Appenines after hi re lease from the bondage of the cloister, he in letterea r iorence, no one took any trouble to listen to the Lombard monk, whose nr. went to Florence with hopeful anticipations; cent was harsh, and his periods not daintily wnen : tne aty- was under the sway of Lorenzo de Medici; and was pleased, yea, formed, and who went against all the unities. But San delighted with that fair country; the purer hills, when it heard Geminiano, among the that same voice amid language, the - higher civilization" of the the of Lent, thought nothing of people, and when he saw Florence in its the glooms Lombard accent, and trembled nt th -- v,,,.kiiucu vuuevs wirn prophetic wos denounced against : sin; and flowers, and olive trees, everything beauti- Bresda "tne hearers in grew ifanUrpaieF- ful in nature and' noble in art. a sen , nf words seems to Pche coming were verified." He Wnef preached . mitted him in face of the terrible fate he 1A.1 but restoration land blessing if men would was yet to meet -i lS:,-r--r-r:--Lorenz- o and turn from their sins. "Not repent reigned in the midst of a lettered preacher enough to please the Florentines crowd jpi classic parasites and flatterers who loved fine periods it is evident, how"writing poems which his courtiers praised ever, that Florence had seized his afand surrounding himself with those fections with all the vehemence ofupon eloquent a slaves that make a prince's name more he loved for as so many have done,passion he lamous man arms or victories. A man of -- very queen of cities, the centre of the world, a kind of Jerusalem typical and exalted; and he cast in his lot and adopted her fate and fortunes as his own. - The crisis occurred when on one of hW preaching tours he attended the Dominican chapter at Reggio, and was seen and heard by a genial and gentle courtier Giovanni Picodella Mirandola one of Lorenzo's most affectionate flatterers and friends. This court butterfly was the most learned and accomplished that ever fluttered near a prince but tender hearted and amiable and the kindly insight of an unspoiled heart. He saw Savonarola among the other Dominicans, noticed his remarkable .face, heard him speak with such power and force that the whole audience were moved. Probably something more, some personal contact, some touch of the unseen that -wentto the heartyoung --Pico, a noble young gentleman,amid all his frippery of courtier and virtuoso. He was so captivated by Savonarola, that he gave Lorenzo no peace till he authoritatively recalled the fiery , preacher from his wanderings and brought him back to Florence permanently. Young Pico felt he could not live without this newly discovered preacher and Lorenzo unwittingly at his friend's request, ordered back to Florence the only man who dared stand face to face with himself and tell him he had done wrong. Savonarola came back unwillingly; but by this time he had learned to leaven his philosophy with, the teaching of the Bible which he loved and which he had learned by heart, and used as a text book, launching forth into a wider sea of discussion as his mind expanded. His popularity increased under the influence of young Pico and larger audiences gather-- . ed; men of Florence came one after another . tohearaman who- and had something to tell them, " the greatest of all attractions to the ever curious soul of man. ri R. S. REPORTS. SANPETK STAKE. Minutes of Quarterly Conference of . R. S. held in Manti Dec. Sanpete Counselor Sarah Peterson presiding, after opening exercises, of singing and ; prayer, Sister Peterson addressed the meeting. Referred to the union existing I in regard to the World's Fair Association and also spoke of the picture which had been decided upon as an exhibit from the " iaaies,ot banpete. f - bister Jacobs of Lehi referred to the blessings she had received while laboring in the Temple during the past week. Spoke' in terms of praise of the President of the Relief Society in Lehi and of her abiding faith in the Gospel. Also of the duties and responsibilities of the Relief Society , in lightening the labors of the Bishops. Sister Peterson dwelt at some length uo- ioth,-1892- ? and upon the duties of the sisters in .visit- ing the sick and comforting the afflicted,: the necessity of storing grain, and urged the sisters to greater diligence in this matter, ' .'u-Sister Helena Madson of : Gunnison praised the energy and faithfulness of the sisters of her Ward in Relief Societv work. and also in4heWoMFair" Associati bister Wareham reported the sisters of .Manti North - Ward willing ones 'ener - : 