WOMAN'S1 EXPONENT. R. S. P. A. REPORTS. r; HEAR LAKE. v place with the following officers Mary A Stevenson Prest. Esther I). Brown - and barah Randal Counselors Christena Hegsted Sec. Susan Painter Ass't Sec. Jane Rawson, 1 reas. Stake Counselor ITi Sarah Herrick were nreont frmn many good instructions, and much good given, union and a godd spirit prevailed. Ever praying for the welfare of the L The Relief Society Conference of the Bear Lale Stake convened in the St. Charles Meeting House Sat. 26th at ten . The Relief Society Stake Presidency were present, Prest. J. P.' Lindsay presided. a.-m- -- After the usual opening exercises the roll was called, minutes x last conference were read and approved after which the statistical and financial report was read. Eight branches ' were reported ' by Presidents or representatives, nine not reported. The speakers were Prest. Julia P. Lindsay, Coun. E. Collins, Prest. N. VE. Pug-- ' .mire of the Y. L. M. I. A. and Prest. Annie Laker of Primary Association. Their remarks were timely and interesting; they dwelt upon the importance of woman's mission, and the necessity of her being energetic in order to accomplislitliat which is required of her, Choir sang. Benediction by Elder C. C. Kutch. Sunday 2 p. m. (Prest. Win. Budge present.) After singing and grayer, the sacrament was administered to the congregation, during which time the choir sang, "Ye children ot ourUod." The speakers were Prest., Lindsay, Coun. L. 'M. Hart and Elder Lashbrook Laker. The subjects dwelt upon were refinement, cultivation of the mind and the necessity of doing something to create an interest with those who are negligent in attending their meetings. Prest. Lindsay spoke of the necessity of storing grain, did not wish the sisters to slacken in the least in this duty, it is our duty because we have been counseled to do so by those wlw are placed over for six months, choir sang, Benediction by Prest. Wm. Budge.' R. S. Sec. Bear Lake Stake. " - .. .usCon-JerenceTaldjoTini- eci Ill have the privilege of going to the dedication of the Salt Lake Temple, invoked the.bles- &m; tu ouu upon an. Prest. Elizabeth Fox reminded the sisters of the necessity of storing up grain. Singing 'Jerusalem my Glorious Home. ' Conference adjourned for three months. Benediction by Peter Mickelseu. I ; fo-rW- : 1 , Exponent; : We remain your sisters in the Gospel, Mary A. Stevenson, Prest. ClIRITK na Hegsted, Prest. r : f ' ; AVeston .Dec. 4th 1892. -- Presentof Relief Society Stake Presidency Elizabeth Foxand fWow "President Fox presiding nt - Mar-Haw- ks. Sec. OTES AND NEWS. C; ' bring out great virtues. . A great person is known by his calumniators. Better part with your dignity than your safety. LoyE .sought is good,-bn-t . given uiisougHF is better. The English laws punish vice. The Chinese laws do more; they reward virtue. Goldsmith; The liberties of the press and the liberties of the people must stand or fall together. Hume. He that would make real progress in knowledge must dedicate his age as well as vouth, the latter growth as well as "the first fruits, at the altar of .truth. Berkeley, At the inauguration of the Populists in Kansas, among the speakers announced were Mrs. Annie L. Diggs and Mrs. Mary Great-difficultie- s - ONEIDA STAKE. First quarterly Conference of the Oneida Stake Relief Society was held at " was-Preside- Elizabeth Grassman, Singing "How pleased arid blessed was I " Prayer by Bishop Lewis of Oxford. Sinking, "Afflicted Saints." Prest. E. Fox made a few opening remarks and minutes of the Weston Relief Society meeting of Dec. ist were read and accepted; reports were then given by the following Presidents. Elizabeth TlnrV f , Weston, Sister Louis of Oxford,- Louisa Benson of Whitney, Sister Bingham of Clifton, all gave very favorable and encouraging reports. Sister, Hawks spoke of training the young and of mothers heirxr ntiniifid 1. govern and control their children.. That our nomes should be ruled by love, and gave many other good instructions. Bro. L. Hawks, a. missionary just returned from New Zealand, spoke of the. blessings we enjoyed here in our mountain home compared with other nations; said the Elders ! - " ; : . : . , . E. Lease. Mrs Maude Howe Eluott, daughter of Julia Ward Howre, is about to enter on the. .stage as public lecturer, and begins with an address on the Salvation Army in " Boston. : ' : . vras . : issued , related some of his experiences, and testified daily during the national suffrage convento the truth of this work. - Sang a verse in tion at Washington. Send ten cents for the FAR WEST . five numbers to Mrs. Clara B. Colby, 1325 the Maori language. Editor Exponent: Bishop Lewis, was well pleased with the Tenth Street, N. Y., Washington D. C. The ; Relief Society of "Far West is a reports and instructions given. Spoke of Frances Willard and Lady Henry small branch, each family livjes on their own the benefits of the ; Relief Society. Conare addressing great meetings Somerset Farm , and consequently not handy to attend ference adjourned until 2 p. m. singing "In We held pur semime worK .01 the iotdf " Benediction ' by in England, amid much enthusiasm. A meetings regularly. monster reception was lately given Miss monthly meeting with a good attendance. Bishop John H. Clark. Previous to the departure of our beloved At 2 p. m. Conference continued sin?r Willard by the English Methodists. ; Prest. Mary Hegsted to join her husband "Awake Saints of God Awake." Prayer "Parties of friends or families at Snake River, the Relief Society met Dy brother Benson, ot Whitney, sinking- to rent furnished one or two fiats, desiring twentv- at the, Hall to bid her farewell, and good me five minutes by rail from Columbian Kr. xiun lu Dugnraess. ' sacrament was well then as as well their and the wishes, speed; administered, singing, 'How great the position grounds, Chicago, can do so by apfuon Father of her our wisdom." blessing Heavenly plication to Ella Tremain Whitford. Harvev ture welfare. Sister Hegsted went to n The Prest. of the Fairview 111. Good' references exchan ored . y, " S. then in the moniing, so our worthy Bishop gave a report of theirwork which was enMrs. MiciiA Dyer, president of thn Mc.Intyre sent her and family an invitation couraging. Prest. E. Fox then addressed Woman's Charity Club of- Boston: is re to meet in the Hall at four o'clbck p. m; 'the congregation, gave many good instructclub when Sister Hegsted arrived nearly every ions, spoke of the benefits and necessities ported to be a member of .twenty-three and societies. Of three she is president, member nf the Relief Societv the Eislmn or attending the meetings. Said that we and until recently she was at the head of and Counselors and a iroodlv number of our should cultivate the spirit of God. . Tench j the Ladies' Association. leading brethren were present. - A table was the principles of the Gospel to our children The Conversational. Club of the P,t. spread from the stand to the door full of all that we should -- help and assist in 7 building. the dainties, orchards, and farms can proup the kingdom oi Lrod, also spoke of clothf End, "Cleveland, O.. is stndvin 'Tho Problems of the day." Amoncr the' tnfir: , duce with skillful cooking. After a few, mg the dead properly. The officers of the R. S. of Oneida Stake are',Taxes,i' Immigration, ' ,The-- 1 ar- - -minutes, all were seated, thanks returned, and all enjoyed a good repast. Table clearwere presented arid unanimously sustained. iff," "Commercial and Political Kth'i " and "Sanitary Science." i ed, in a fewr brief wrords the Bishop stated oister Hawks made very encouraging rethe object of the meeting, a nice shawl-fromarks also Bishop Clark of Weston. A St. Louis woman has lately nerferterl the Provo Mills and a dress pattern were Brother M. F. Cowley exhorted the Saints. a singular invention. She has applied for presented to Sister Hegsted by the sisters, to forsake all evil, that love and the Spirit a patent to cover the' process y of making also a nice Hymn Book with her name in01 the Lord should unite us together, and "sweet potato flour. " The processes are scribed. Sister Hegsted was overcome prepare us to receive the blessings of God. those of peeling the potato 'and kilned rviticr with, joy, and in a fewr well directed words that mothers sluidContiUthdr-childet- i For any' length therpeei our ol that ot time as a food for live stock: of drMr by bpmt. bpoke and grihdmg'ilClffi feelings of her dear sisters who wjpjked . had Prest. Woodrutt baid timt that if said, n:tirhaiid witlr her for eleven years; ; grades of flour, and also of .slicing and drv- vu lMovemoer 3rd a reorgauizaugi &"uuiu mg it in the lorm ot "Saratoga chips." , " . . ... . : - i Og-de- ' - a. . ; r .. . , m pre-existen- WthaTityIep ce, 1 . t 