174 EXPONENT. WOMAN'S was a matter of business, and Highness the Infanta of Spain was expected others said it to arrive at mid-daAt the Talmer so tne opinions yaneu. vv e met Mr. ilorne House there seemed to be a great stir, and in the hall just when., the excitement was neonle were comimr in crowds: around the dying out, had not seen him before since he outside entrance the conversation was most was in Utah in 1876; he chatted pleasantly for a few, minutes of the people he met amusing the old colored porter was iuces Shirmacher, Mrs. Pico Beck Meyer, Frau santly sweeping the steps and side walk; while in Salt Lake, and the places he visited Ann Simson. tne colors ol bpain and tne nag ot our there. He looks as young as he did sevenAfter the repast, which lasted a long country were swaying in the breeze, and the teen years ago,' he seemed very proud of Mrs. Palmer, and well he may be for she is time, as eleven courses were served, the servants seemed prouder than ever, explain music, which had been played at intervals ing to each other this and that about Spain a most charming and gracious woman, and far i enough away-- to make a charming and the Infanta. 'The elevators were is every inch a queen in grace" anddignity she has won the; hearts of" the people by decked- - too for the occasionandTaltrwas sensation, struck up her admirable tact, executive management Save the Queen, "and immediately the ban- - bright and gay as a fine day could be. The parlors that had been .. made ready ana JQ queters rose to their feet and Jthe viromeujpf We had been loitering during the morn G reaFBritai n Telf they; were"honored. days before were decorated with ferns, Mrs. Sewall rose and in a few graceful palms, pansies, roses and apple blossoms, ing expecting, to see our dear little, niece words of welcome congratulated the ladies and the bright sunshine streamed in upon Edna arrive, but finding at two p. m. she and informed them of the presence of her the fresh paint and varnish making it seem had not called, we took the train for the husb?nd at the banquet, which she said more fit for a princess.. The three big World's Fairgrounds and in fifteen minutes afforded her unspeakable pleasure. Mrs; archways in the rotunda were hung with moreywe were at the station, and made our Foster - Avery spoke in her modest and the flags of both nations. The guests of way in with' the crowd, that" throngs the happy style and alluded to the sad fact the hotel and many more who had crowded way:' day. after day with every train. that her husband was not there, and both in, congregated in the hall leading to the Naturally we turn, towards 'the. Woman's ladies paid very pleasing compliments to apartments assigned, and were, a formidable Building, but today determined to see the the foreign delegates and the husbands array against the officers who attempted to German village and other places in the Mid who had accompanied the delegates, ; ,The clear the passage way; forced from their way Plaisance. So hurrying on we turned foreign delegates were asked to rise, and position they filled the staircases leading m- - at tne gate which leads towards the the showing was very good. d officers warned German' village, past Java district' and half above, but the -of Fenwick ther Illustrated them" to vacate lest there should"" be an a dozen other foreign"" places; crossing the Mrs. Miller, Lo?idon News, responded to the call for accident, and finally succeeded in crowding drawbridge we enter the arch way of a England, Madame Isabella Bogelot for them back to the east end, leaving the way German castle. On one side is the museum France, Margaret Sullivan as an from the elevators clear for the royal party and at the doorway a characteristic Fraulein Koethe Shermacher Expectancy was on tiptoe and so were the German in native costume is calling young out in for Germany, other countries represented crowd inside, standing on chairs, and sofas a deep voice what wonders are" to be seen by foreign delegates were Greece, Finland. and in window seats, and. jostling each inside for twenty-five- , cents. We turned Bavaria, Spain, Sweden, Denmark, Norand towards down the and other, pushing elbowing, up dining room, fitted up in the and Bohemia. Clara Barton, the, to get a better position. way style of a German banqueting hall, the ; famous Red Cross celebrity, Jennie Eozier, Outside the cannons were fired, the black 'bread and strong., coffee and many President of Sorosis, Isabella Charles bands of music were to the playing, but those other delicacies wrere being sen-eFrances Eastand F. Davis, Boshy Mary who were in could not get out, nor even hungry World's Fair visitors; after lunchiman, each .made brief but pertinent, into their rooms. There they must stay now: ng1 there our .next resort was across the called, "until the speeches Susan B -- Anthony-was should come. At last the wide' thoroughfare to the panorama' of the.'; and as she rose from her seat every, one; murmur princess rose as it were m the air, and Bernese Alps, 'winch we enjoyed very much ; was standing, waving her a salute, she lookwhispers in the crowd and soon handker- indeed; having sa dften;heard: IdescriptionT ed ever the sea of faces of her friends beam- - chiefs were waving all around and the of .'the'romantjcsjcm in and her riiipliponlier royal-p- a to get an "iSea from the panoramic view; it to "Sit down, girls!" whereupon they all sat me noor, ana inose 01 us wno were was. next to being there for one could easily .' parior down. ... .. , ,. crowded back to the east end of the hall the reality from the' "effect of the After the ladies had so many of them saw verv little, the writer saw her back imagine The ' were tending painting. shepherds Sewall called Mrs, the spoken, upon, well not a but of her face' their flocks; and herds of goats "arid cows, pretty glimpse gentlemen present who had come across she was dressed in some soft grey materarid the hotel Manlichen not far off was also the sea and continent to bring their wives ial, and wore a small bright red hat,; the very like what one would suppose it to be. ' to the Congress of the world, and each, one ladies were exclaiming one to the other the In the distance" the '..blue waters" of Lake ' few words a of spoke stirring sympathy moment the parlor door . closed, "how Thun, beyond Xake Thu'n lies the of ' plains and genuine encouragement. gracious," and "how sweet," "how charm- - Antertakeu; the slopes, Hoom with Alpine ; As a fit closing to this memorable enter' 'how; elegant, ' ' and all sorts of ihg, pretty roses ; "and blue gehtiari, and one fancies tainment Mrs. Sewall said she had intended compliments were paid, out sne was none the; delwejs among the snow; the short i to :have preparect some memento of this .the. wiser, nor doubtless did she care; it grass ana nr trees look real, as well as the great occasion that each one could carry was really quite exciting however, rocks and mdssesl; The loquacious manager away as a remembrance of the time, but in some of the women were very told us that Agassiz ascended the Jungfrau the midst of the work found no time to ; incensed at having to vacate the arid greatly also' 184 Professor Desor 1, both of prepare a suitable gift, she therefore beg-- ; seats in the , hall, and one could hear the Neuchtael iii ; Switzerland, and that it is ged the ladies before leaving the table to remark repeated oyer and over, "when more than feet high. Lest our good 12,600 take some of the roses as a si mile; of Frances Cleveland came they didn't pay friends of Switzerland 'should lauh af our iv affection in the hearts of the American woher this honor, and she's our queen and the description we will add that as we men for their sisters in every laud, explainfirst lady in the land;" and many similar gazed our fill: at the snoonly, iriountains ; ing that tins rose, the "American Beauty," references were made to distinguished and beautiful, vales below, we felt like one if not so graceful inform or delicate in hue, Americans. One woman declared in a foreig11 country or in. dreamland, and ' English as were many roses, had the sweetest breath she would not move, unless she chose, and coming out into the of all those that bloom on American soil, open street and look e openlyaoTthefficer, i'andsnpposing-wstraucre atthe and wronders all Tiiis .cliaracleristiagathering-of-note- d womove back," he replied coolly, ing won't one. must be around, men of the National and International will be a matter of compulsion.'' and sound not to be impervious to sight it "then Council was a beautiful and appropriate greatly impressed,: you She did not relent however, and declared if. no soorier ; ; the from occasion for cementing the friendship of emerge doorway, than laid his hand on her she would he appeal to you see 'Turks, Arabs, Greeks Japanese, women from various countries, and from British Consul, she was a guest of the and here are the- two continents. the. ladies ( men too) in Sedan .. the house. Isabella Bucher Hooker,' the chairs.beirig carried about, and the wheelinqr old veteran woman, maintained her grand chairs trundled along by the boys in their position with quiet dignity in one of the easy chairs blue. uniform. A 'little distance awav is ONE DAY IN JUNE. 'Where she could; see the whole affair; she another. view of Switzerland, "A day in the was not disturbed, though sejdJreeaMd- --Alpsjind of citxuicuy. on the 6tu of June, the day Her Roya 1 the ladieslthBestr"erwardslome liiuenng a dark room, Iiait insisted Mr. Palmer Mi (donerih- t- circle like a miniature theatre one seesjuin on her right, and next was Mrs. Lydia Coonley, a very influential woman of Chicago, who had charge of the Musical Concert, which closed the Woman's Congress. At this table were Mr. and :Mrs. Nprdquist of Finland, and Fraulein Koethe . v. - , . ' : , . in-livel- le,-"G- od- y-sty veimess-m-cnaracie- r. , ; ; . . , - cool-heade- . Irish-America- n, " ; - : - . : , d , . -- ! off-handyiiysaid , , ' - 1 : . t . especially-beforehand- ; -- r-i- n : " k w-capp- ed . 1 ; - - - the-Alp-ine' . . Slcrrkedby 