n ( . . wi MAN'S' EXPONENT. their labor.s. ,uSHU;r. Nellie Grace t 'hdan future 1 of presctit and Woiiian. Sisters Davis, Grace and Preside deut M. Noal favored the sisters with a sonltt which they seemed The choir rendered a selection after each life and spirit to our speaker, which gave essay up!n l!lc IuSt 4 A J ) I I CS Minutes JjM m the IiM I.m () si X of! the Semi-monthl- j y 61 Nq j y 2i, 1893. ' Mt. .Pragery 1 . . o-- I . 1 A y the-Meet-ing th-tw- . - hi-niti-fiil 1 soda-wate- r, . UTAH STAKE. i4th, Ward Assembly Room?" President Horne presiding Opened" what is ruth- '- &c. SisTer ' ' meeting. Julia lack; continued by singing "Our conclusion of the programme, God we raise to thee" &c. At the Minutes of last meeting read and President M. Noal presented the names of authorities of the Relief Society proved, minutes of a concert held in ap. ' the general tL ' th, ward also those.- - of a Primary Knlrl before the Coiiterence, all of whom. were : r there, read by a little girl. unanimously sustained. President Horne said she .was was sustained as bister juiuuic wai . pleased with the minutes read the the Relief of. little by president Society of the girl and to hear the glad voice in with our all of the Mission young midst. Hawaiian Islands, President Horne ihedeath-oas netspokelof ;.. arv sisters counselors,. and with Sister f President Fletcher, of the Relief Kekuewa, Kahuhu, Kaluapalaoa, Niaulani Society of the 8th ward, said she had been and Luka as Aids, Kekuewa as Recording a true and faithful Latter-da- y saint, a good ifecretary wun iaeKa as ner assistant. i el- - worker - had dischai and rfn t v everv ped lie Grace, Corresponding. Secretary and M 1 j ' that had devolved her and had. eone upon close Noal Treasurer. At the of our Con- . . tJ ner l she come would rew.am in forth .sail we to the basement of ference, adjourned 01 the hrst resurrection House, when we were bedeck. lue mlmnZ wuu UUkucu. A w IIonr .ana glory- - - 1 have fln and three UUMkl awlwhefe we found a grand )nouSnuch upon the sphere of woman ucr imsbion ana duties. r fnr uroiMt, T,Voct The prophet Joseph when 'he sent the of poi, beet, pork and chicken, several rarities of fish, kalo, sweet potatoesbread, missionaries out to preach theGospel, told them not to pull a man's House down, cake of different kiudf, oranges, melons, until they had built him a better one; Now to all banannas, pineapples and I have thought much on some women, who of which we did ample justice, not forgetwant positions and do not appreciate being a ting to appreciate the love and respect which prompted the saints of Honolulu to wife and mother, thus look after our comfort and welfare Woman should make her home happy beautify it, also take care of the little Insuch a substantial manner. Through and are given unto us. Who fashions the labors of the missionary sisters, a ones who little garments, who makes the clothing circular has been prepared, which is to be the out to the dead, vvho sew the veil of the lay distributed among the different branches Temple? Do not women do all these of the society, containing general We should meet together and have instruction and directions, pertaining to the things? minds enlarged, and become more induties of the different officers and which our telligent, so that we could perform all these will serve as a guide for the government labors better. x and managment of the respective branches to man's, but duties are Our not inferior, of the society; this will supply a want long our natures are different and our missions needed,, as many of the organizations have Do not women bear the are different. never been visited personally by the missouls of men? The highest mission that sionary sisters, although letters of counsel can be given. Is not her kingdorn her and instruction have been sent out to every home? To keep that home orderly and branch upon the Islands. well needs as. much intelligence as any one As a band of sisters," we are united and can attain to. "ohe is a helpmate to her happy in our labors here, and our hearts husband; and all honor to her in her sphere. Remember these things sisters and lefus desires, that the Lord will - bless -- us that -we may be useful instruments in his hands and teach our daughters to be in helping to better the condition of our. industrious. President Horne gave other native sisters upon these Islands; that by wise counsel, and prayed that the spirit of precept and example we may implant in God would be with us. their hearts a; desire to aspire to something Sister' Hurst of Pleasant Green, bore a higher and nobler than they have yet atfaithful testimony to the truth of the Gos- tained, and that the v mav feel they have peyand desired to be faithful and true. been made better Sister E. Stevenson, said .1 leei to .say. by our : presence among them. God bless Sister Horne, she is a noble woman and a faithful mother. I feel to endorse Mrs. Nellie Grace, Cor. Sec. what she has said to day. Let us teach our children to seek unto God, in their selec-fjso tried in uvuu in marriage o we can be this way. Let us. adorn our spiritual UTAH COUNTY W. S. A. natures and be partakers of the Spirjt of -- R. S. REPORTS -- " Minutes of Cohference of Relief Society .of Utah Stake held in Paysbn City meeting house Oct. .13, 1893. The Stake Presi- dency of the Relief Society on the stand, also Sister E. B. Wells from Salt Lake City Conference opened with singing and prayer, reading of minutes Tof former Con ference etc., The President Sister John felt pleased to meet in Conference with the sisters of Pay-soto appoint our thought it a good plan ' Conferences around in the different settle-me-- r n, n attend conference, who could not otherwise do so; the sisters are faithful in helping the poor, and in gathering means for that purpose'. " ' 7. We have Sister Wells with us today, and many Presidents ancb will now hear from them. Pre"sident Pickard of Springville, -- President Colvin of Pay son, President Stickney ofSantaq ui n ga ve ve ry favorable and encouraging reports of their wards, all were united in trying to do all the good they could. Sister E. B. Wells the next speaker said, "Sister Zina very much wished to be with us. but other duties prevented .her, she desires your faith and prayers, she needs your faith and prayers just as much as the brethren do, all you who have read Brother Joseph's remarks at the Relief Society know what he said on that subject, of sustaining with your faith and prayers those who are called to lead. I have felt gratified in hearing the reports read. I love to hear of the good work our sisters are doing, and it pleases me to hear of our sisters saving grain as they have been counseled to do, am pleased to hear of the sisters building --houses to meet in.'' spoke about the grain that Was beine laid up thought that it be- -- . , self-relia- nt mi ' God&c. The annual convention of the Utah countj branch of the Territorial Woman's Sister Mary P. Silver announced that the sister who had been emigrated from the old world had arrived, and was glad to be in Provo Zion.- - Suffrage association will be held in the meeting house on Thursday, 1893. The executive session will convene at 16 o'clock a. m. The convention proper will commence at 2 p. m. The Territorial resident Mrs. E. B. Wells, c will be here, also from the various delegates -are 6auons ot the county, Mrs. Nov-vember2- '3, Electa Bullock, President, Rebecca H. Doolan, Secretary. - Sister Minnie Cook spoke of the wondeful and felt to praise dealings of God to her ' His Holy name. . Sister M. L. Morris bore her testimony and spoke of the many duties .devolving .upon a' woman,added 'other good remarks. was adjourned Sang Doxoiogy, meeting Benediction by Counselor for two weiks. L. D. Alder, Acting Sec. Webb t - was fof the poor, and" the needy, and not for any particular society, but would be distributed asdirected by the Presidency; no matter who the needy were, whether thfv wprp irint nr tint ' if thfv V J JZzi we must be charitableV she was very glad to meet with us here in Payson. v After singing and prayer Conference adjourned until half past one p. in. Sister Ma rilla Daniels spoke on various subiects of 'nterest mch as storing; our grain, the go$i instructions that were given us at Conference etc., etc., thought the storing of grain was a word of warning to the people, and we must give heed to it, ana take care ot itv spoRe 01 ur. isarney s method of saving flour by packing it in oil cans and sealing it up air tight etc; She bore her testimony to the truth of this work; we are here in the fulfillment of prophesyj let us keep the spirit of God and l we will be all right. Sister John felt it a privilege to belong to the Relief Society, it is a school for us, it unites us with each other, we become ac quainted With each other by meeting together in these conferences, thought this Stake was progressing in good works, ad vised the sisters to store up wheat, and be faithful in all the duties devolving upon us, tried to impress upon the sisters the idea of all being. Suffragists etCrf for a short time, Sister Wells spoke again on the importance of saving bur grain, after taking care of our poor, thought the teach . wprA-tifp- - - . - Hi 