I exponent; WOMAN'S GB I Ied by Homer anil ncar, as well as civil government led to severe perposterity pays homage to her wisdom niclers. and I will here relate a circumstance which, occured secutions; he confiscated the property of. faith. Mohamedan his manifested while on her journey, to Zion. They were met powthe Roman Catholic and he "The overthrow of the by a company of apostates on the way back to er in Spain would have 'been a forgotten (dislike in many other ways. old home, some of whom she had been their The Puritans or dissenters from the scene in one of the innumerable acts in the with in Englandwhen they were in Church of England were also severely per- - grand drama of history had not Isabella acquainted Church. the They told Sister Sarah she would her winter was over if she did not before conferred immortality upon herself, be sorry SL'CUteu on accumii ui mc sunuuuiy vi husband 'and their dual crown by her turn and go back with them, telling her what she their faith, and' claims of the New Testamight expect if she went on, but Sister Sarah had The devout found ment as religious authority caused his per- - recognition of Columbus. the pearl of great price and did not feel secution to extend to this class, feanug they spirit of the Queen and the high purpose to barter away her present and eternal happiness in their earnestness might have an influence, of the explorer inspired the voyage, subfor what she had already proved could never which would rob him of his supremacy. dued the mutinous crew and prevailed over satisfy a candidate for eternal life.in the presence of Him who had gone tcrprepare a place, for all Some fled to Holland, and during these perthe raging storms. They covered with the faithful in Christ so she determined to secutions in 1620 the Pilgrims left the divine radiance of religion and human- - hold on to the rod. Jesus, .of iron with all the weak. England for America. ity, the degrading search for gold and the nesses of human nature to contend with. She was married to Henry Cumberland lann Shortly after orabout this criticaltime King horrors of its quest, which filled the first icios, sne na? oeen cingeni m working lor the James died, and Charles the First ascended century of conquest .with every form of Relief Society; filling the office of asisfant the throne. He, was by nature stronger lust and greed. Chauncey M. Dcpav in secretary for many years and has filled the office ' ' than his father, but possessed the same Columbus Oration. of secretary four years, during which time she was always prompt, precise and truly faithful in political views. By the same religious in-- , Miss Jennie .Young, the American the fluence surrounding him, he was made to performance of, every duty pertaining to her whose enterprise in building a railroad cal ing. ' ' girl believejie could not divest himself of his to extensive salt deposits which she owns We shallmiss her much but now despotic authority, and when necessity re- - in Chihuahua has created a stir "throughout we'll riot recall her to a suffering world like this. quired Ins acting as judge could break any Mexico, has been granted a valuable con Piana Reed, President. contract he might make. : j Mercy R. Thompson, Treasurer. cession by the Mexican government for the The House of Commons was composed of establishment of colonies in the States of able statesmen, " who were determined to Chihuahua and Coahuila. Miss Young DOCTOR MAT riE HUGHES CANNON, conform to parliament, or to govern withleft for London, England, a fewr weeks Office: J I South, Firs West Street. out law. ago, ana wniie there will arrange to Dnng Office practice for Disease! of Women from 2 " The king dissolve J'parliment and levied over several thousand English families to until 4 p. m. taxes without legal right. Another parli-mesettle as fanners upon the lands which she was called and dissolved, and still secured from the government. Miss Young another, with stronger opposition than has been in Mexico several years, and is ever. One of the fundamental laws of well known to President Diaz. England was that the king could not impose taxes without the consent of parliaOBITUARIES. Keeps on Iland ment; administration was bound to be conDRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ducted by law. The king was forced to Editor Exponent: ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS call parliament, and on the third of NovemDear Sister, it is with feelings of sadness we AND STATIONERY, EQUIber, 1640, this memorable body began its record the death of another dear sister, Cleopatra POISE WAISTS, ETC.; Burrgess Ieele; the beloved wife of Elder M. A. sittings. Both houses were firm in their Keele, life this of Dress making In all its branches, Millinery, late departed jst May, 1893 Sister ODDOsition to his disootism. He was obliged Keele was torn at Sprinville on 4th of August, i. t Q s'yles, Hats anL ISonnet cleaned and retrimmed to consent to many things against his conSaint? During 1853. She was a good Latter-daFeathers curled, etc. Stamp! ngrdorc to order. But she last her in manifested illness faith the viction. great JorLlcoxersd.srliile.yoii. wait. XSarial Sui U Socially Seeking Jo make peace with the ordifiancesrof'the Evervthirisr was done Gospel. Scot-laubcots and gain their iavor, he visited that loving hands coird do but the powers of TK.tlPLIJ STREET, No. 41 S. WEST while there a massacre against ProOpp. Grant Bros. Str.bles. death prevailed and she passed awaysurroundecL testants took place in Ireland, and it seemed by loved ones arid friends She was a true wife and mother,hadieht children,-fiv- e survive heTIo" that all hope of peace was destroyedr MRS. M. E. VAN, M. IX loss. mourn funeral her The services were held at On returning to England he found the meeting house May 2nd. A large concourse HAS REMOVED hr office,1 from Constitution Parliament more exacting than ever toof relatives and friends followed the remains to Building to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. wards him, but a spirit of greater liberty their last resting place. May God comfort the .Office hours, 2 to 4 p m. towards the people seemed to predominate, bereaved husband and children is our prayer. Sarah G. Meeks, Prest. though there still existed the belief in Betsey S. Goodwin, Sec. hereditary monarchy and dissensions arose in the House of Commons. To weaken Editor Exponent: the Royalists would be to obtain possession Another of our aged mothers in Israel has called beyond the vail. Mother Eleanor been of the king. Cromwell seemed to under26,28,30and32East 1st SouttiSt.. Willden.relict of the late 'Charles Willden, Turner stand the situation. It was desired to this lift April 30111,1893, at the residence terminate the contest between the crown and departed of her son Elliot. Sister Willden was born at SALT LAKE CITY. and the control Laughton Lemorthen, Yorkshire, England in the give parliament supreme year 1810; joined the Church of Jesus Christ of over to the executive administration. Latter Day Saints in 1843, and to this Many Royalists through their love of country in 1S49. Has resided, emigrated in Southern Utah The mouarchial government, Were attached to forty-onyears. She leaves four sons, two hereditary monarchy; they took sides with daughters, seventy grand children and sixty-si- x Mother Willden was a King Charles, though' they were not in faithful worker in the Relief having been sympathy with his conduct and condemned a teacher in that organizationSociety, a great many years. and lacked confidence in his policy, yet they She was a zealous believer in the cause of truth venerated the kingly office. R. W. Tyler, President. A. M. TANNER.Secretary. To be Continued .Beaver City, U. T., May 15th, 1893. , NOTES&AND NEWS. Died ednesday, April 26th, 1S93. in the 16th Ward, Salt Lake City, SarahLuck Cumberland . I j "'th? , - . . " - ;- , she's-gon- e " ' nt . ; ; . . : y i d; -- ; - " . Leading Retail e OUSf great-grandchildr- en. ' . r ii wu3 u 1 uappj-uuicn- -ui r me it her age: She was born" - pOSlIlOU which woman was to hold in America, that the only 1 person who comprehended the majestic scope of his plans, and the invincible qualities of his genius, was the able and gracious Queen of Castile. Isabella alone of all the dignitaries of that age shares with Columbus the honors of his great achievement. She arrayed her k jng- - enthusiasm of this, mystic mariner, and ' February 24th, iS29jn England. Was married to rancis Luck, freb. 29th, 1849, by whom she had one son who died in infancy. TIMfiERS CAS, WATER . She joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints m her youth and was diligent id the performance of every good work, such as distributing tracts, visiting the sick and relieving-heiwants, as far as it was in her She was alw .ys wi'linz to divide her last power mnrcpl tthe needy, she was ready to obey the counsel of l STEAM FITTED t Ageci for P.DMSEYh celebrated LIP'T and FOKi t shortnotlcp, Orders Jrot PUAJPS. Punipg llcpalred on DAVID JAMES, Box; 306. Salt Lake City r w-itl- i Dr. Maggie- C'Shipp, "will commence - her summer class in Obstetrics and Nursing -OELMondayMayi st-- tSg$r- Smith 