WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 125 1 Miss Nevada V. Davis recited in a very style the humorous poem;" pleasing 4 "Zekiel's Courtship" the young lady has a ' very clear, well modulated voice. She . has a charming naivete style which few possess arid is always attractive. -- The refreshments .were delicate,-cakes,- ' candies and delicious coffee arid, the guests were enthusiastic Mir their praises of the unique entertainment; When, bidding, good night each one was presented with the poem,' given below tied with dainty ribbon,' jn booklet form; as a souvenir of St. : ; 1 Valen-tines'sEv- 1893."' ; ' friendship's song. , e. - Though the scenes of my life change . '. And I wander afait from you, For me,' there will be no exchange Of the old friend, for the new. f . . .'. ". As memories of the olden time, Memories of friends tried, and true,Come to me as a' merry chime, dear friend, of you. - When the flowers were in bloom, ", And the birds sang all day long; We sat in the twilight's gloom, 7 And sang the same sweet, old song. ; ' :j ; , SAVONAROLA. ... 1S93. ' - , Mrs. Lewis S. Dickinson. Salt Lake City, - the civilized world; the great : reformer and Churchman, who looms up above, the men' of his time in , the renowned city ; of Florence; was born in' Ferrara,' September 23rd. 1452,1 at the court of the, Duke: and was the grandson of an eminent physician, which profession his parents intended for him. Girolamo Savonarola was one of a large but not a wealthy family the one however, it is said, on whom his kindred had built their hopes His contemporary and disciple. Burlamacchi says, 'he was such a diligent student, that he worked day and night and attained great proficiency in the liberal arts,J, then termed the polite arts. Learned m the philosophy of the schools, educated in the best ; institutions: of that day and age, he held a high place in the estimation of the world of letters and! he had before him wealth,;; honor and; , : . ;V MrsV' i luxuriesmridliothinoul rved refreshments- - were at this five o'clock tea - forni'wJ ' r- Mrc . w mam: : ana Home Mrs. Home; George Miss r live most lewdly, most lavishly and most cruelly; in fact like wolves among a help- less flock., ; The subtleties of: logic, i the discussions of, Platonic society, and gram- - - . ; hil evening The writeri was also Suchleasant 1 , sojiHSSl 4 - ; ; -- i , - : . . Among those present were Mesdames Z. D. H. Young, B. W. Smith, M. IsahellA Hnfn;. Sarah Coooer. M. W. Wilcox,; E. S. Tay lor, I?. J. Steven. : ior, and others. . - ; Kettle' Home. , ; that period. H's:" m mf v :n'-rr: About this ofrriodr Savonarola rrelieved petty Italy waslhat time the prey tvrants and wicked nnests: Dukes and his mind by writing an essay, VDisdain of Popes vieing with; each other which could; the Worlds" he left it with some books beV deHdous' orinomHdaintilv ... . , ;. -- . While these things were boiling in his heart, "the city raged or reeled behind lrim," its streets running blood, pr running wine, according; to the turn of ? fortune; " . the doctors of philosophy and men eminent for learning babbling of questions of dead grammatic lore, and no man thinking of truth; mercy and judgment and the remedies ' rfor evil and sin. L lit-smte of this In the midst br thihrs a ; tleepisode-..oUiappinesssame intolthe- boy life which cast such a magic and glamour over.him that temporarily he was bhnded to the evils c around him; the gates of an earthly paradise opened to him and Iveiled the horrors of the world. He had become v enamored of a young Florentine girl, the; daughter of an exiled ; Strozzi , one; - of the proudest and most powerful houses v in Florence; this beautifnl dream was of short duration and his biographers , state; ' that it soon 6nded in sorrowful rejection on. the-- , ground that his famiiy was not sufficiently a exalted to mate with that of Strozzi." v m This was the culminating point to sepa-- 7 rate him from the world, and he determined. then" to enter a cloister, His reasons given in a very; touching letter .written il to his ; father were, dfgreat misery of the t woxld! iniquities of men, so that things have come to such a pass that no one can be found acting righteously. I could not endure the 1 enormpus:wickednesslxL the blinded people of Italy; and i the more so because fF saw! everywhere virtue despised audi vice hon E greater sorrdwrTcouId norhaveiini : ; iAii s ; - 0 " ; : XTTin. ' Takes tribute and the poor to ruin drives; Those souls shall now be thought most rare and . . good, . Who most by fraud and force can gain, Who heaven and. Christ disdain, :. ; Whose thoughts on others harm . forever, broo- d- . , Mary S. Home gave a pleasant party at her; residence 532,-SWest Temple in this City.'. The evening was spent in 'social convex: .he was.- more seriouslyiaflfc celebrity.-bu- t satiqn and- was very enjoyable. The refreshments 'were all of home cooking thoughtfully inclined,disregarding the views,? cream biscuits steamine hot. and other customs and opinions of those who were the. bv.thVvAiinW ! 1 , . ' ; ; . . The evening of February foth, ? . f Savonarola, a name; known throughout The Conference, of the Relief Society of ; this Stake .of Zion, will be held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms in this City, Friday March 1.7th,. 1893. This will : be ah Important time inyiew of the Temple 'dedication and the work for the Columbian Exposition and the. several branches in the County should be ably represented that thfe. ;may be; a proper understanding of nmxi is expeciea. mere win ue two meetings, one at io a. m. and one at 2 p. m. and no doubt much valuable; instruction will be given on matters of grave impor. ; " EDITORIAL NOTES. tance. ' " I THE FLORENTINE REFORMER. : r in wild confusion tost, ' The very depths and essence lost, ' ; Of all good ways and every virtue bright, ; j Nor shiries one living light,; . Nor one who of his vices feels, the shame; , .r;. ; Happy henceforth, he who by rapine lives,' He who on blood of others swells and thrives Who widows robs and from his childrens needs, - - -- - 1 . To us, the ocean of time rolled on, "And the waves of peace and joy, ' Sang of friendship's glad song, .:Friendsh!p; pure as goldf'wjthciiallc . , culation. Tr''7 y Miss Genevieve Lucile- Brown wha resided, here for some time and made many friends while in this City, and whose pen was always very busy ; while here writing verses or other articles for papers and magazines has assumed the 'assistant" editorship' of. the New California Magazi?ie. Doubtless our readers will be pleased to learn of her good luck, especially the ladies of the Utah Woman's Press Club, to which she ' in the belongs and who miss her presence ' meetings. the .days-o- Jong ago, r r. i..;,.f-- . Days in the deep, shadowy past, , .When life was all of crimson aglow, And winter had no whiteuing blast. Sang: of . : - , - also because of our aoDreciation of thp pF: forts of women in the newspaper work. As a number of the P. C. W. P. A. K should certainly have "our hearty support and best wishes for the increase of its cir- I'll think of you, beside the stream Where we sat in that golden time, When life was one sweet dreanv :'- yrrrr-- . , With only threads of fancy to wind., ; - ' " I will think, peri-odic- al - - ' bring together . in sweet companionship As soon as he felt, M 'the stirrings of those that would othewise. seldom meet in manhood, within him a righteous sorrow ! PnsY aays. Life is so full of work and burning indignation took possession of that some of the workers have need of these him." This profound appreciation of the seasons of communion and rest. '" evils around him made the young Savonaro: Tim Pacific' Coast la sad, silent and even melancholy; he kept Women's Press Ashimself retired and solitary wandering sociation have established a monthly at San Fmnri "Tt,Q T)nf: .i much in lonely places, in open' fields 'and No. 1, Vol i, has been received. Tt mvp along the banks of rivers; sometimes singr. o tue names 01 me members of the P. C. W ing, sometimes weeping, and in such ways P. A. and .also Officers and Standing. Com- giving vent to the 'overpowering emotions '''! mittees of the Association. It also contains that burdened his spirit. the address of the, newly-electe- d His prophetic utterances were wonderful; President,-Emil- y, Browne Powell.. The editor is but the only mode of expression in' which Florence Percy Matheson a woman of he found relief men was rough and impasgenuine, original, literary 'ability and sioned verse. These early poems show pleasing address. Mrs. Matheson is the his depth of disgust at the state of society, daughter of Elizabeth Akers. Allen with when learning and philosophy and ' the arts of Italy and especially of .Florence' were at whose soncrs and. Doems the looked;, upon the TSy..Shi;Zh& ...ajamuiar fteseis,manxe5,..I.Her-xolworld as turnedupside down," as will be , entitled "Hisrh Ton ' . .. " o..4.: tit we wisn mis new venture the seen by the following extract from' one of ovvecuub. most perfect success, as an enterprise, and those ardent' descriptive' poems: -- maticldisquisitifiii young, soul," yearning for virtue and truth, tmdritkntensewyjnpamy,,;ip.t and. wrong. V-- . hind the window sill when he went away-.-' partly, in explanation of his singular conduct. 4 His mother, according to biogra-- , pliers seemed to have been inspirational and mith ,Qne,seves; in;i SavonarpU the spiritual endowment of tlie mother's . ; nature., ' , , .t r.;- - j.r- Savonarola was not only prophetic and .... - 