 '.,... . i. ! i . The Rights j pf Exponent. the Women of Xioiu and the . Vou 22. oAhi CONTENTS; History of Music in Utah Dr.' Ellen' B. Fergu Letter to the Exponent E; A. ii son. Thoughts- Camelia. University of Utah. Address of President Ctorge O. Cannon. Writ U. W. P. K. the for W. S. A. ten C, C, ReceptM. P. Farnsworth. Notes' and News. ion J. Work of the 'ast S. Zine Literary Whitney. . AV -- v v- ivvmen of au jvafions. LAKE CITY, UTAH SEPTEMBER i, 1893. HISTORY OF M USIC,. IX UTAH. No. arranging all the music used' by the company for several years. In 1S55, Ballo's Hall was erected by the band for practice - rand concert purposes, and is still one of the lr Tiik growth of civilization anion old landmarks'of the city. In 186 1 Ballo's 1 as i" the settlement and health ,,atl0.ns as failed, the clarionet i having played opening up of new countries and territories for forty he had passed beyond the years, music is the first outgrowth of the arts! limit alloted to the lives of usually in taking the precedence I A WVm i alv" Journa ism i n Utah . EdItOr C on wind instruments, and on Sepunfolding of social ' of development ' every genius but that of tember 8th, he was found dead in the Editoiial Notes. poetry.; The peculiar form of expression yard, having instantly expired from apo- -' Poetry. Women of the West Emily H. in. music is also an index of national char- or heart disease. The band he plexy had Woodmansee. Sphere of Woman Ellis R. acter. The pioneer, settlers who traversed labored so to hard his at perfect, played the plains and crossed the Shipp, M.' D. . y f MounRocky funeral, but did not long remain together mmhomes lams 10 make in the valley of the after his death. But few of his composiGreat Salt Lake, were certain in the early tions are extant. The best known were WOMEN OF THE WEST. stage peculiar civilization to mani- an arrangement of the duet, "Hear me fest the genius of hiusic. Being soemi-nentl- y Norma," for flute and- clarionet, .with in BY EMILY II. WOODMANSEE. their tone of character, "orchestra accompaniment; Governor religious Young's music would naturally form a very impor Grand March; Governor Young's Quicktant part of their worship, and the hosts of step; General Wells' Grand foarch, and Heroic women cf the West, Israel beguiled many an hour of their, the orchestral Intrepid as illustrious man, parts to the old hymn, "O march across the Continent weary When Progress, westward forced a way, by my Father." the of Zion. ing songs In 1853,. David .0.- Calder, the pioneer The gentler sex was in the van. The first musical d organization formed in class teacher of vocal music came to Salt helpers mates and peers , was of that the Utah, Nauvoo Brass Band, Lake City and settled over Jordan, where Of Braves who faced the setting sun; a company of fifteen musicians under the he taught the .first Companions of the pioneers singing school in the of. William wlio 1S61 In he organized two What have not Western women done? leadership Captain Pitt, Territory. from v Nauvoo with comthe 'first of classes two hundred members each, for starting of the Privations man could hardly bear, . traveled in far instruction as Curven as tonic sol-f- a method, pioneers, pany Grand River, where necessitous circum- which was the first introduction of .the Which taxed his utmost fortitude, ; stances compelled them to remain an earn system in America He compiled, arranged, Weak woman suffered, and witfial, sufficient means to enable them to continue and printed the.cla.ss books used. In 1862 Endured the cares of motherhood. their journey to the mountains.. "Mr. Calder organized the Deseret Musical Too often in the early days In 1850, most of the members of the Association, composed of two hundred Comforts were scarce or, out of reach band having reached Salt Lake City, they picked singers, from the different classes Yet what the wealthiest had was shared' once more under Captain Pitt, under his tuition. This society gave ! Fraternal offerings unto each. and around them cluster, the first musical concerts in the theater and Tabernacle "and Mormon reminiscences of the frith and self denial, Courage' people. For with marked success', and during its exisWere cultivated day by day. discoursed band two years the sweet melo- tence ' stimulated musical culture among Good nature conqtned many a trial, dies on every anniversary and local cele- the 'people, of Utah. Mr. Calder subseThat fell in Western women's way; bration, gave conceits, and assisted the quently established the first musical busi- But well they loved the mountain airy first dramatic association in its representa- ness in Utah, and in connection with The peaceful vales seemed sacred ground? tions. 1111851, Dominico Ballo, an Italian, Professor Careless, imported a large num-- ' And grateful hearts expanded, where highly endowed with the musical genius of ber of pianos, organs, brass and string of the tbest Souls never need be conscience-bounhis race, came to Salt Lake City, having instruments, and a been for a number of years previously; music published in Europe and .America.. Hail! western wives! ye've reared a race;"" In 1862 Professor Charles J. Thomas, bandmaster at West Point. He was one A nation might be proud to claim; of the best clarionetists in the United who - had for years been associated with Daughters and sons of noble sires, States, a fine composer and leader, and his some of the principal theatre ' orchestras in And mothers worthy of the name; name is still held in reverence by many of London, came to Salt Lake City and at Whose treasured babes from living founts the old pioneers, who will tell you with a once took Cnarge of the orchestra in the Imbibed the love of right forsooth, sigh and shake of the head, that "we have new Salt Lake Theater, then just opened, ' The staunch integrity tfcit counts never had any music out here since Ballo and under his leadership it maintained for ' For freedom, equity and truth. several years a high standard of excellence. died." ; In tone, style and execution, lie was As conductor of the Tabernacle Choir, The seeds of liberty, for years, unrivalled, and of all the excellent clarionet Professor Thomas did some excellent work; Round western aUars have been sown; soloists who have visited this city with and. he long held a ruling musical position. Nourished by hopes, or fed with tears, Gilmore's band, and other military combi- Professor John Tullidge also deserves menSurprisingly has freedom grown. nations, not one has been able to produce tion at this time, as fine tenor singer and Columbia's glory, strength and boast ; the tone that Ballo could draw from his composer. His name wilLbe remembered The constitution broad and grand, instrument. Soon after his arrival he or- as long as his anthem 'How beautiful upon Is honored Mountains" the ears of a Salt by a countless host; ganized Ballo's band of twenty instru- the audience. (Mights " Throughout this spacious Western land. ments, viz, seven B flat clarionets, one E Lake The man who did most for the early fiat played by himself, two piccolos, two The East can boast of dauntless sires musical progress of Salt Lake City, and the two second cornets, one first cornet, Of patriotic mothers true, the bass horns, one tenor, trombone establishment of the legitimate profession But liberties effulgent fires, This combination created is undoubtedly Professor George Careless. and drums.. Are kindled in the West, anew, excitement on its first appearance and Born in London, and trained with some of great The Western women wield, for good, continued to gain power and renown by the greatest instrumentalists of the day, A mighty and a its' skilful rendition of some of the most under the batons of such masters as Sir growing power, And with the world's brave sisterhood,; ". diflicult compositions' of the day. Later Michael Costa, Sir Jules Bendict and other Will win their famous conductors. Mr. Careless brought royal rightful dower. he assumed the directorship 01 me mwuc to SaltLake Salt Lake City in 1865, such musical City 1893. orchestra in the Social Hall, composing or J .per-forme- rs , j ! I . j ' - A of-th- eir - Stout-hearte- .1 V . sev-era- re-organi- . ' . due-supp- ly d. - . " 1 , . . oph-icleid- e, . " "; ; -- . 