WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 108 to urge any further the necessity and imwo- practical fact still remains, that many men givealdoilar to go to one mcuuc, ui portance of subscribing; agents everywhere to a circus or negro minstrel show, or for should be active and energetic not only some trifle when it would help a cause in getting new names but in collecting Editor. EMMELINE B. WELLS. that which is due, and if this were effecANNIE WELLS CANNON Camelia), - Editorial Ctntrttuitr. along, that will benefit the whole human tually done there would be little or no derace by - spreading light and intelligence in Salt Lake City. Utah. Publkhed lay in issuing the paper. abroad in the earth. Terms: one codv one vear. ii.oo: one codv six months. Missionaries in Scandinavia in Holland The women of this people should be zeal 30 cts. No reduction made lor clubs. City papers for ered by mail, extra postage one year. 2 cts. and in other foreign parts ackhowled Pi hrnr ous to sustain the oaper. that has been es taWi and circulated specially for the helpful the Exponent is in their work count to regular advertisers. among the nations. advocacy of the principles which they beMany "times while in Chicago women .... J EXPONENT office, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Buildlipvp; nnd for which thev stand as repre ingt Main btreet, opposite Z.C.M, I. business hours from sentatives and the laith ot which they are whom we had never seen before, said 0 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. yes I know the Woman's ExpoNENT.anrl it the living exponents and defenders. Address all business communications to To make flimsy excuses such as are 01- - has enlightened me greatly on your quesi . PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, tion especially concerning the women of ten sent in letters to this office is childish, Salt Lake' City, Utah. your faith. Let us hope that during this Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as and if those who make them would only econd class matter. stop and consider, that the one dollar a year though the outlook generally is not ve.ir mid hv one subscriber, is oulv a very so bright as it has been, that w;omen will as one is usually, the case in emergencies and unSalt Lake City, - - July i, and 15, 1893. small part indeed of the price ofwithder trying circumstances, exert themselves month's payment for printing alone, out the consideration of oostaertf or office more earnestly and industriously inevefv THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. rent or any incidentals, perhaps it might good cause, and by all means in their the aspect of tilings very much. power help to sustain their own paper, and change a time never was when there was There Newspapers and books are not published make it a helpful and delightful source of greater neeaoi communication through the without 'monev. and ...when money is ex- - information and of moral and spiritual press between women connected with or pended for good reading matter, for every strength in the households of the saints, or even individual women than dollar ganizations, there is value received with and a blessing and a credit to those outside the present. The multitude of subjects interest.paid who are desirous of learning the truth conmat agitate the human mind, and the It is unnecessary to repeat what has been cerning our belief and our institutions. public welfare, that call for discussion and so often published concerning the Exponent an expression of views and opinions, and of the good work it has done historically, the advanced progression of woman herof the record it has made of the organizaEDITORIAL NOTES. self, as a part and parcel of the great body tions of women, the biographies and a thou .politic, as well as the status she holds sand and one other things; surely the The World's Fair articles and report educationally and socially, morally and sisters must feel that it is a necessity for of the Relief Society Conference of this religiously in this age of 5the world, all them and would be a calamity to be with Stake are laid over until the next issue of these are good and sufficient reasons, and in out it. and if so then lend a helpinp; hand the paper to make room for shorter articles iact aemana mat women composing any now when it is so much wanted. Agi- - that have come in and also for the long but just or l1. . gaa organization, dwelling in anv 1.1. menos andt neign-bor- s very excellent poem by Lu Dalton. tne iaie your get suojeci locality where their influence is a help and to subscribe, and urce those who have a power, should certainly have a woman's Bouquets of flowers,, roses, carnations beer dilatory in paying back subscriptions and other varieties fresh from the summer paper or journal of their own; and that to come forward and all pay up such a paper should be well sustained it is gardens have been presented to us .si nee our ;: delinquencies. needless to add;. That, wornervare in and. the Columbian Exposition return,' "frag During more precious still because of the lovinsr many respects blind to their ow best and thousands of be eriven away. should copies interest and advancement in this re- - aiidks highest t zelousjsvorirsj Mrs. Margaret A. Caine left 'for "sisters ought to be able to do at least this more alive and helpful in increasing the circulation of papers published in their own philanthropic work,. Women are giving Chicago on Saturday July ist, to superinMrs. Eliza pamphlets and circulars, daily tend the silk processes. locality that advocate their own particular away Brig-hato advertise their views and their particular Fosgreen of City and Miss Ella views, and the advancement of theories and organizations in Chicago at the present Pyperof this City, have gone on with her practices, that 'will elevate and uplift to the broadest platform of human time, and we often hear people say if there to reel and weave the silk in the Woman s was something for a few cents we could Building on the Fair grounds. rights for both men and women. That the Woman's Exponent has been afford to "give to strangers and tourists, Uts. Salisbury Lady Commissioner for would that them some idea our of give Utah and Miss Keogh her altermate have doing this kind and character of work work we would be too to do only it; both gone East this month to meet with glad from the very first number ever issued, no now the woman's is the paper just woman need be afraid to state, and that it right the Board of Lady Managers,' Mrs. Palmer for is still it believed thing very generally has been a help, a comfort and a blessing particularily desired Mrs. Salisbury's women in that Church this are and ignorant in thousands of homes and in the missionpresence-onimportant matters, she will in one of the subjection, copy fields Exponent of labor not remain away very long. ary abroad, as well as in reit is s6ld for five cents a copy) probably (and to Meantime moving prejudice the silk interest here will not be many hundreds who have accidently come in contact with it in is tangible, proof to the contrary. To those neglected as all matters will be promptly; who are anxious to do something in a their travels, or have had it given them attended to by Mrs. C. W. Bennett, Chairby small to scatter seed way and good friends. spread man of the Silk Committee for Utah. the truth ofthe women this concerning It seems remarkably strange that the part of the no surer world, bemethod could why The ladies of Utah interested in the very women whose influence should be ad vocated than to circulate the woman's World's Fair work will be pleased to know used to uphold and maintain the paper, should realize its importance so little as t6 paper. It speaks for itself and enters that Mrs. Emily S. Richards? President of think because times are hard and there is where no Mormon Elder would be permit- the Territorial Board of Managers', returned '.' ; . ', ted. a depression in the money her lrecently. jmarket and the. vn t a rpm not home a be win Ta!tte"ef1silvWTsmYV.JhaOWv long one, as probably and in private, what would we have been the arduous duties of th offic require so ahord to take a paper at a dollar a year without the Relief Society? And with tl which would not average the amount of much that must necessarily beltteiided to same we can one third of a cent a day the propriety say what would the or superintended personally Mrs. Richround-wheyear Relief be witbnnf Society ih tt one puts it in this light how ridiculous ards wTill enjoy the fresh aid invigorating Ihe Deseret News tells the people why mountain air after being stifled up in a it seems, and when it is remembered that should subscribe etc. triviticr crrrA they crowded City, and in the Utah Building ivvo women or tour may make the money substantial up reasons, we miht between- them and have the wdiere such crowds of oeoole conereeate privilege of grace tell the sisters why they should sub-- " every day the responsibility must be very reading what, other women are "doing all scribe for and maintain .over the the W " O " t n wont " ' wjuiMi) . ' ZA tU-llinttraTroK tl iTJ?tjSl. were m1U udius it not that the hard Woman's Exponent. semi-monthl- 1 y, ,SSlSS"" - : -' if. 1 . . . . . . . 1 A 1 L ' 1 . . ... . . -- - -g- - - - ara-irisjaren hu-mani- ty " - - . ..1- v staa from-Chicago,-thojigh- -; v-- rt-A.- 4 --- , ;" n - o-- a I greatuorM 1 aaow'y'1M - i i L 1 . 