r - WOMAN'S 54 Society Conference on our next meeting day, this meeting will stand adjourned for six weeks." Sang- Doxology. Benediction Wilcox. by Sister M. LydiA D. Ai.duk. AcL Sec - R, S. REPORTS. WASATCH STAKE. h -- EXPONENT. TT'immAtwlh'nmrht there ought to te one representative from eacli waru. Advised the sisters to wort, lor me of the Society and to store up grain. bhe ntcn cnnlnf thr manv wa S ill wlllCll tllC nuu sisters could nut means m tne treasur , uui not to keep it in the treasury if there were it- wvi-i ,n. rounscieu me v.vv.v niih innn iiu sisters to labor with the spirit of their call- idgTshe also advised the sisters to take the Exponent. Stake President F. A. Hammond felt to of the Relief Society of Wasatch Stake was held endorse all the renorts.and all that had been in the Stake House at Heber on Thursday said would' be well for us to remember, and 0 o'clock a. m. gather up all of the. instructions given in September 28th, at and 2 o'clock p. mM President Emma Conference and earn' them, out, encouraged the sisters to store up irraiii andfollowoutthe ijrown presiaing; sisier r. u. Kjcnaras al counsels of Eliza R. Snow and Bathsneoa so being present. After opening! exercises Smith. He also stated .that those who fol 01 singing ana prayer, tne minutes 01 tne last conference 2 were read and accepted. lowed out the counsels of those placed over The statistical and financial report for the them were wise: if we would do this we c!v mnntlie nr1 Itirr Annrncf net tv'ic o7cr should have something to eat and togive to de a the Door read arid acceptedr SisferVBrolvn-malength on economy and advised the Relief at being able to meet wTith the sisters in Society and Y. L. M. I. A. to treasure up Conference and to have the company of all they could and make the best possible use of it Sister Richards with us. ir r Stake Counselor William Halls spoke a being in a favorable condition, except one short time. bore testimony to what had which had lately been disorganized; many been said and that our religion would not good remarks Were made by those sisters do us much good if we did not make good who rpnorted. Sistpr Rirhnrd; nrrimiprl n use of it. Stake Counselor P. D. Lyman, endorsed good portion of time both morning and afternoon, during which time many the reports and the remarks that had been, valuable instructions and much good counmade, said there were many organizations sel was given. President Abram Hatch among the sisters, and many among the said he had listened with pleasure to the men and the men are interested in them and good counsel given, and the testimonies they can both do a great deal of good in borne to day; said the brethren should helping each other. The wider women's come in and bless the sisters with their held is and the more liberty they have the presence said we have many happy homes more good they can do. If the women had here and much to be thankfnl for; felt their rights the less blasphemy. there would to heartily thank all wrho had taken part in be in the world. President Hammond stated that, the making the conference interesting. Sister Brown adjourned the conference and called Conference would be adjourned for three for a vote of thanks for Sister Richards, months. Choir sang, "Great is the Lord," and all who had taken part in the con benediction by Bishop Jense Nielsen. ' which was Emma Bayles Sec. ference, unanimously given. "Behold the Saviour comes." Singing Benediction by President A. Hatch. THE WAR OF TH REBELLION. . Hannah Harbour, Sec. The Semi-annu- al Conference 10-3- emicrant-He-spoke-at-som- e . tL: , -- , -- Georgia, Louisiana and Texas, following the lead of South Carolina, passed secession ordinances in the early part of 1861. In February a congress of delegates from all the states, except Texas, met at Montgomery, and formed a government called "The" Confederate States of America." Jefferson Davis, of Mississippi was elected by the Congress President of the and Texas being then represented, was duly inaugurated. A steamer, sent from New York with supplies and reinforcements' for Fort Sumter, arrived oft Charleston, but being fired upon by the batteries which had been erected by the Confederates, was compelled Thus you 'see " South to put back. Con-federac- - r,i-1If- m -- vriiiiifnrir1 til f r U"ir firttirr the American flag, the frantic tumult over- - every- spread alongeverriver-an- d mountain 111 mc siavc suites irorn V.tV.U'.Wlfc -J s and other Forts, arsenals, seized were nation, by state property Generai authority of the Confederacy. navy-yard- s of-th-e Dix , Secretaryof jthe l National-Treas- ur' ordered two revenue cutters, stationed at. New Orleans, to be taken to New York. but the captain of one of the cutters to obey, he sent a telegram to. the lieutenant, ordering the arrest of the captain and closing with the command. "If any one attempt'to haul down the American flag, shoot him on the soot." The affairs of the country, when Lincoln entered upon the office of President, March" 4th, 1 86 1, were in a sadly distracted con dition, "Menaces that the President-elec- t would never be permitted to take the oath of office had been freely and loudly made," consequently General Scott took every precaution, and the inauguration took place amid a greater display of military than had ever before been witnessed on such occasions. In his address, which was mild, the Presi dent declared wTith special emphasis, that he had no purpose or inclination to interfere re-fussi- ng with slavery where it already existed, further declaring that he had "no lawful right to do so." This assurance, however, had no effect whatever upon the Southern leaders, they believing their duty to their states as more ; SAN JUAN STAKE. As, Buchanan's term of office drew towards its close, ho less than four candidates were nominated to succeed him. Of these Minutes of the San Juan Stake Relief. --Abraharrr" iincolnTthe Conference jjinM the general government, so V Republicans, was successful although the to prepare for war. southern leaders had threatened that if he A force of several thousand men was put should be elected, the states of the south under the command of General Beauregard, would secede, that is, would withdraw who was ordered to reduce Fort Sumter; from the union as, they claimed the right to and accordingly, the ' 'roar of a snorter do. When it became known that Lincoln, quickly followed by the rushing shriek of a the candidate of the party opposed to the shell, gave notice to. the world that the era further extension of slavery, would be the of compromise and diplomacy was ended." next President, the secession movement (April 1 2th, 1 86 1.) Soon all the guns of the Public were held began. meetings , in assailants were in operation, and in the South 'Carolina; and, on the 20th, of Dec. course of thirty four hours, more than 1S60, an ordinance was passed by a state'1' three thousand shot and shell struck the societies. held in Charleston, which works. The defense was feeble owing to Stake Counselor Mary N. Jones said by convention, formally declared that the Union now subbecoming acquainted with the sisters and sisting between South Carolina and other the smallness of the garrison and the scanty supply of ammunition. In his report to attending meetings we receive the Spirit of states is hereby dissolved. Six daysafter- tire secretary of .'.war, Anderson said having our calling and will be blessed. She had a wards of the national defended Fort Sumter until the Major Anderson, quarters good feeling toward all of her sisters and army, at Fort Moultrie, withcommanding were main gates entirely burned, the hoped they had toward her felt to encourage drew .the garrison of men from eighty that ll seriously the Sisters to cttend Conference and other by fire, the george-wafort, and removed to Fort Sumter. This destroyedthe injured, magazine surrounded by flame meetings. the South Carolinians as and regarded being by its door closed from the effects of the President Kristen Nielsen of Bluff Ward a hostile at once seized the customact, they Norah Hammond of Mancos, Mary M.- house at heat, four barrels and three cartridges of Charleston, as well as other Jones of Monticello each reported her powder only being available and no proto the property belonging general governvisions but pork remaining, I accepted the society as in a good lively condition, good ment, and commenced to drive terms of evacuation offered by Beauregard, operations attendance and a feeling of peace and love Anderson from his new Six position. other and marched out of the fort on Sunday among the sisters. ; states, Mississippi, Florida, Alabama afternoon, the 14th. inst.: held in Monticello Aug. Society 21st, 1893. Stake President Martha Hammond presiding. Choir sang "Redeemer of Israel." Prayer by Bishop F. I. Jones; choir then sang "O, my Father Thou that dwellest." President Martha Hammond made few a interesting remarks, stated that she had enjoyed herself very much during Conference. She regreted that there were not more of the older sisters present, desired to take a trip around the Stake and visit the - -- y, they-continu- " 1 ed 