r Sister :E. Stevenson read a note from New England laws, which lined every voter who did not vote. Men need not fear that President K S. Taylor excusing herself women will become defemiuizea1, nature is from coming today, as her daughter needed wise on those points. What ever their sex her help a few days, also' Said that our incapacitates women from doing they will loved President Home was better, although not do, and their relation, to society will not she could not meet with us yet. Sister M. W. Wilc6x made some excelbe disturbed. It is useless for men to decry the evils of the ballot "for women, we lent remarks thought we would need all are assured of its power, and of the benefits the faith we could get to bear the trials that accruing' from a national adoption of its' are coming; bore testimony of the good spirit in the Temple, and prayed that we principles. S. A. Boyek. might all be saved in the Celestial Kingdom. The sisters sang "The Spirit of God like The Annual Convention of the W. S. afire is' burning, ' &c. After which Sister "A. of Salt .Lake Co. for the election of ofGibson spoke a few encouraging words and bore her testimony, r Sister J?ne James, ficers was neld in the 1.3th, Ward Assembly " Rooms, Tuesday afternoon Nov. 21st, 1893., said many encouraging things but felt that President Nellie Taylor in the chair, opened, she could not express her feelings. Said by singing, ' 'Oh, ,ye fair ones, ' '&c. Prayer she hoped light would yet reach her people by Vice President E. McFarlane, continued and prayed that her sui, might befaithiul by. singing "Do what is right." Roll and. go- - tohemr-a- s previous meeting had predicted. She then spoke in tongues, 1 Paul giving the interpretation. were not read. The treasurer's report for Sister " is blessed How the day," Sisters sang the year was read and. accepted. ,The officers in the congregation said the: election of for the ensuing year was &c A sister then carried out, by ballot, Mrs. E. gift of tongues had been iu answrer to her McFarlane waschosed by unanimous vote for prayer, that we might have tthe gift today . President, Mrs. A. W. Eardley as iiit Vice May we all be faithful. :TT PresidentMrs. E. M. Price as 2nd, Vice President Young then called on Sister President, Mrs. Julia Druce as 3rd, Vice 'Ly&ia D. Alder to read the first lecture on President, Mrs. Mary E. Irvine as Sec'y faith, in the Doc, &Cov. after wThich Sister and Mrs. E. McCune as Assistant Secretary Alder bore her testimony, and Mrs. E. W. Hyde as Treasurer. Mrs. Susan Larson, of the 8th, Ward made Nellie Little as chairman of the Executive some good remarks arid asked the prayers Board and Mrs. Mary P. Silver, Mrs. A. W. of the sisters in behalf of the late Sister Fletcher's daughter who is sorely afflicted. Grant, Mrs. ELyon, Mrs. M. Holt as memA vote of Thanks was Sister Windsor, bore an excellent testimony bers of the board. the tendered to retiring officers, Mrs. E. and gave many instructions, and closed by McrFarlane took the chair. Territorial praying ' for more faith and more of the President E. B. Wells made some very enHoly Spirit io lead us back to our Father's touched couraging remarks, updn the r Kingdom. Sister E. Brown also spoke were to that questions important suffragists. well and bore a faithful testimony. Mrs. Nellie Taylor, Dr. E. S. Barney, Mrs. President Young desired the sisters to C. C. R. Wells each made a few interesting read the lectures in the Doc. & Cov. also remarks. asked the Associations to keep up their The membership fee was lowered by Annual Meetings. Thanked God for all unanimous vote to 25 cts. a year, with privithe blessings received here today, : and lege to call for 10 cts.. donation. Meeting closed! by asking the blessings of God upstood adjourned 'til the third Tuesday in on "us. - Meeting adjourned for two weeks: December. Sang Doxology. Benediction by Sister B. Smith. . Maggie Basset? Sec. Lydia D. Alder, Sec. pro tern. 1 was-calle- I , . -the-P- rophet'JosepE calledT-the-minutesoft- he 4 4 . 4 -- . . LADIES' MEETING SEMI-MONTHL- Y MEXICAN ITEMS. Minutes of the Semi-monthl- y meeting held in the 14th, Ward Assembly Rooms, Nov. 4th, 1893. President Z. D. Young 44 presiding, sang 0, happy souls who pray" &c. Prayer by Sister Mary P. Silver, further sang "For the strength of the hills', Minutes of last meeting read and approved. President Young said she "was grateful to 4I look upon this organizabe here today. tion as near the school of the Prophets. I have never seen a day in my life, that I have not been thankful that I am a woman.. The man has the Priesthood but he has to fight the battle but our labor is to Bear and mould ttie souls of men. President Young said when women are living their religion they can wash and anoint the sick. Whatever comes to us sisters, let us acknowledge the hand of God in all things, then we will te lifted up above the trials of life. I trust my sisters that all will speak a few words". ' ' Sister B. Smith, said she did not often meet here as she had many duties owing: to working in the Temple. Also spoke of the Deseret Hospital being in need of a little Gave much good counsel and help. prayed God that we might all be faithful and be prepared to dwell with the sanctified. . 4 Well it has been experience of having to Heave friends home, "richesVand all tliat he possesed for the knowledge that he had of hii doing the will of Heaven, and after having made to run the risk of those sacrifices d his 'o wn life, and commit a deed that his own sgul revolted against, knowing'.that be was doing his duty. It must have taken 1 great ueai .ui lamx uu ma pari, ne being a tender hearted man to raise enough courage to cut off Laban's head.' Then afterwards in traveling witlrhis brethren he was tly blamed for believing that he; was doing right, and his sorrows were great and hisiite in danger constantly, on account of the unbelief of his owrn brethren, yet his iaun never wavereu, uui was always firm - con-sta- n and he said, 11 Nephi 424, 4,0, Lord I have trusted in thee, I ., will trust in thee Jorever, JwilLnoLput my trust in the "arm of flesh; for I. know that cursed is he that putteth his trust in the arm of flesh. Yea cursed is he who putteth his trust in man' or maketh flesh his arm." His soul was continually poured' out in humblerprayer, in passing through affliction his life was a continual feast ' of the divine blessings and knowledge of - ins Redeemer. And such will be the lives of all those who have--cohere to the remnants of his posterity , if their trust is firm in" the Lord if they find out his will and do it, the rain may fall and the winds blow, but iftheir house is built upon a rock,- the rock of oiuiiu. itvtiaiiun, it win oiauu never has called any person, 01 set JjOq nf- rrcnnc f n rrffrrm n miccirrt tl..'.. itvn MUf-IJT"- . . t i il wunout earin, naving raKen mem tnrough many trials, in order to purify and prepare them for the work. Even our Savior withstood the temptations and wiles of Satan, before entering upon his labor of love among tire human family, and if we read the lives of all faithful men and women we find that sometime in their lives they had passed through a course of trying ordeals and therein had learned- - their lesson of", faith. Those who are determined to do right will be chastened and tried until they will ackho wledge the hand of God in every thing, even m their deepest sorrow thank Him for blessings, thank him for trials, and ' suffering, it will be then and only then that we will not be tried, for. if we watch closely we will find out .behind, every cloud there ..is a sunlight, behind every sorrow a blessing, Giver--of- and blessed sorrow and" trial, of joy and blessing. How shall we appreciate friends, home, parents,, without having been deprived of those blessings, but we will learn in the end that one blessing we never have been deprived of, and that is the tender watch-car- e of our me - - JJ - 1 . a . raining very hard for a at timesalmost long time, yes, pouring and I suppose that on account of my long silence that my friends- thought I had been drowned or been washed ;away by the turbulent streams, but on the contrary f I have been quite safe, and busy my lesson, ''well," some one might eternal studying 44 Heavenly Father. ask, what have you learned?" "Well I S. T.'Brimiiall have learned to a certain extent, so far as Colonia de Juarez Mexico, Oct. 1 ith, 1893. my weak nature is able to comprehend, to trust in God, and it is the sweetest and dearest lesson that I have ever learned Black fruit catte Cream together one Perhaps some of our dear brethren and. pound of brown sugar and one pound of sisters in more favored and civilized places butter. Beat the yolks and whites of ten wonder it our Father in Heaven would eggs separately. Add the yolks with one stoop to care for these poor exiles in this pound of seeded raisins, one pound of cur- tar on land, out it is so, and here in this rants, and halt a pound ot siicea cnrim, d place I have learned the sweetest lessons of an ounce each of ground cinounce that the Gospel has ever taught us. Here namon and nutmeg, and under a lonelv roof I have had each of pronnd mnre and cloves, also one nortunitv of DeeoW into r W i,w c pound of flour that has been slightly of some of the chosen servants of God browned. Add the whites of the eggs. for instance Nephi one of the forefathers of Mix and beat well. Turn into a mould and this race by whom we are surrounded, bake for five hours in a moderate oven. he learned to suffer and put his trust in Before using,; ice and decorate with candied God, he was taken through the soul refining fruit. . be-.-th- . - e " one-thir- one-quart- er -- ' " 