WOMAN'S! EXPONENT. MY KATE. needs turning over, that the sun remove the dense dampness, then a may of the hard lumps and leveling thpbreaking nnri it lies ready for the seed. There are hun dreds ot beautiful ways to arrange the yard,and landscape gardening is become an art. 'As a pastime' there is nothing pleasanter than the care of a flower garden. Children so enjoy helping and if to them a spot of the yard is given for them to plant aim weeo ana are they pass She was not as pretty as women I know, . And yet all your best made of sunshine snow Drop to shade,melt to nought in the lon trodden' ways, While she's still remembered on warm and cold days My Kate. Her air had a meaninher movements a grace; you turned from the fairest to gaze on her face.,And when you had once seen her forehead and mouth,... You saw as distinctly" her soul and her truth-- ' My Kate. Such a blue inner light from .her eyelids outbroke, ing - Ksl nu;L ML time UC practice lessons iu botanV and horticultureaiid1 assisting in beautifying the home surroundings. Some talk about the old fashioned flowers. Is such a thing possible, does nature have a brother in Euglaudjto send us primroses nor are we near enongh to a florists to get the cuttings and roots of these pretty things you describe. Perhaps not, but let me tell you, just begin a garden. if you have but a single plant to put therein and when the soil is ready look about: you for" something to plant: in a meadow near hv hidden among the grasses are wild violets, true they are not fragrant but their deep green leaves and purple flowers are just as pretty, if not ' so sweet,as the tame one and then perhaps cultivation will produce the" lacking quality. I mean to try '.it, for my little girls have"" planted them along the north side of the house aiid this morning I counted seven blossoms on one root and, strange to say, those flowers were almost as blue as forget-menoalthough the others were purple. Do your boys or your neighbor's boys go into the canyons for wood? If so . have .them bring down a few. young pines and plant them in groups here and there in fashions? If so, give us those dear "old fashioned things and we will arrange them for a backgroyu&Uo this flower garden of loudest Though the spoke, also, you heard her ours, for what garden path is complete withalone out the tall hardy hollyhock to brighten the My Kate. way and amuse the children with their big fanciful flowers,; and then the old your yard. '. I doubt if she said to you much that could act ; 1 he foliage is evergreen and if not so fashioned flowers are mostly annuals "and As a thought or suggestion; she did not attract once in the ground require very little care. fine as vitae, it or other imported In the sense of the brilliant or wise; I infer shrub is certainly a noble looking tree; aud Twas her thinking of others made you think oi As to trying to describe a flower garden, sweet vision's of these pretty spots while felling the wood get them to dig up her present themselves before me, and I should a few of those lovely columbines, no My Kate. like the time and space to describe severally gardener ever raised a lovelier flower than She never found fault with you.never implied tne dear old gardens I have seen, but alas! this and it can easily be found in- our 1. Your wrong by her right: and yet men at her side wnati nome is com- iii&iintains, so also can long feathery ferns lucicarc bo many, 1TTI Grew nobler, girls purer, as through the whole plete without its little garden and yet may but of course one must have a moist, shady town I be forgiven if I try to describe one I place for them . Now when the "few wild The children were gladder that pulled at her know so well for it will be a guide perhaps things are started see how quickly your gown to us all. It lies in the pretty.and thriving neighbors and friends will help you. "Why My Kate. town of Ogden, and a dear old .lady who are you going to have a flower garden, let me has worked many years at the loom and at give you a few roots, I want to clear out my None knelt at her feet confused lovers in thrall; other hard labor, until her hands were hard beds and I have some seeds as well that was They kneh more to God than used,that they : and rough, her body weak and tired, now you may have." I know some one will ; all: say this to you for I myself started a If you praised her as charming, some asked what in her prosperous days enjoys beyond all this arid nturli ttle r girls summer" garden else care of flower the her things garden; you meant, that other ana sucn a spot u is. ane win rake you brought honie seeds from school But the charm oLher presencewas.-felLwhenshlittle themand I onlvgirls had uiriven ; through her yard - and point:- - with such" lilac bush and now in less than ' pride to the arrangement and selection of bought one My Kate. Ihave a - long row all .ihese. pretty things On either -- side of the The weak and the "gentle; the ribald ancTru" f the north front, nine bushes I believe; along gate rises to greet you a tall and queenly and She took as she found them, and did them all' rose and violet and pink roots in plenty' and I "along the path, lies a border of . good; ; sweet .' alysum, candy tuft and the blue never asked for a single one, but in a few It always was so with her, see what you have! lobelia, near the door on, neither side are years I expect to help some one else froui these pretty, plants for I love to see gardens She has made the grass greener even here with round bads of geraniums,ever a, favor large her grave ite flower' especially for bright and showy everywhere. There is a time of day when too early to Kate. My coloring:, and we are told it one wishes to have flowers all the year round to leave the- light the lamp and too late to work indoors My dear one when thou wast alive with the rest, old plants in the ground and only slip them without it; one naturally seeks the garden. I held thee the sweetest and loved thee the best: It is that sweet dreamy twilight hour, and And now thou art dead, shall I not take thy part for the winter the young" slip will grow that is the time of all others the garden sufficiently during the winter to ' supply wants As thy smites used to do for thyself, my sweetmost.The sun left has "you the the next years beds, and thus one always heart heatedand-thirsty and now in, the garden ' has healthy and flowering geraniums. cool v''1 '. My Kate. an in hour's work the early evening the outer Border are tall graceful Along is a garden Flora.' great delight, Elizabeth Barrett Browning. dahlias,and a deep and brilliant back ground thev make to the beds and clusters of Thk fact that an English duchess has delicate daises, petunias, asters, marigolds, THE FLOWEtt GARDEN been sent to a common prison for six larkspurs, mignonette,, nasturtiums and months for contempt of court, has led to The blue heavens seem to smile upon a the sweet scented - stocks and wall flowers many comments of approval that justice dark and fretted land, and , as the rays of and the universal favorite the hearts-easwas no respecter ot persons in England. sparkling sunshine are thrown ' across the or pansy. We touch a beautiful little pink But it is, all the same, when the offender surface, that land becomes brighter and blossom and ask what it may be, "That is is of the other sexZ While the Duchess' reflects the smile.. The soft breezes of an English primrose from my brother's goes to prison for a technical offense Lord garden, ' ' and; this sparkling-whiteilow- er. spring note the meeting and wave congratulHastings, a dissipated rake, and unworthy ations, and with thewind and the sunshine prayiwhat is ffiat: ''Oh! that is the evening of his great name, is fined a paltry 50 for the coldness leaves the soil and the earth is star, it opens its pretty face to the starlight the most despicable outrage upon a serving ready for the tiller's hand. We enture nut tne goiaen sun is ioo uuzzuug iui xu maid which would certainly have sent an from the sheltering house and gaze on the dainty bloom: so you see I have flowers day summer and winter. In early ordinary person to prison. surrounding landscape. 'Tis but a thought and night, to air Mrs. Isabella Bird Bishop, the well- quickly executed to gather all signs of morning when I Open the window rooms these beautiful morning glories known traveler and writer of books of debris and litter together and cart them my me' and at night when I take a fare- travel, is the first woman' to deliver an ad away. A huge bonfire made of the dry greet Weeds tfm Kifc? mnnr otirl rifVlr T1lhhiih well look at mv garden these little stars dress before the British House of Commons. ts You looked at her silence and fancied she spoke; When she did, so peculiar yet soft was the tone, " - . the-Arb- a so-ma- ny . - . - ' 1 f . e -- : . -- - w - . of-lila- cs a-mo- " -- ' - ' -' e : ' therdis sargoodighteiUvatcihe vj' weimven't around and a speedy and happy way of getting, rid j tiowersunuiy oucuijj.cugaiu. f fSrme vara . once cieaneu. men iuc auu - - 7 crnTti'-miemiehtsavb- t ut " -- She. was .summoned; .there had seen of the Christians -t- ortell-'hatshe" in Turkish . 