WOMAN'S EXPONENT; 43 . TO.-SAKffVII- this fern, a little beauty, on the tain ril.am-.- tfWl lustre from storms it lias great old boulders for years have j reared their beads; beaten tlie mark lonely path,the wearv iravtl-- . grew where To . t ' And gets it pretty i., rtassed through, It M'KiCed er treads; Where rain has poured in torrents, where fiercest winds have blown 'By Nature's God protected, my tiny fern has ... growri. I precise yet gentlemanly manner; after the. fr,t common everyday greetings had been v.e irradua v nut subiects upon 'that mnrh lyuuiea me they being people of culture and refinement I was conscious that here L might learn a lesson that might be "possibly a u.ure benefit to me and many others, as I had often heardf her i.u nimi . great magnanimous sterling character and not unfrequently heard her, sty led a noble mother in and who could doubt it looking 011 that calm Tci unruffled'Mce. his prophet Moses, said "be holy for I am holy.". ' The question arises, would He ask you or I to do that which we could not do, you know that in all the rules of Arithmetic those who are perfectly acquainted with 'the, rules can solve the difficult problem alike, and to the satisfaction of the teacher. Can not the rules or laws of life be accomplished on uie same principle: .believing tnis nie is a school, it is well to give strict heed to our lessons that we may profit by them. The holy Bible being our guide, not only so, but. the Book of Mormon also Doctrine and Covenants. The Epistle of St. Peter beautifully" illustrates this lesson: as we read in 20th, chapter 1st, Epistle "Where-- : ' fore lay aside all malice and guile, 'and evil speaking, as new7 born babes desire the sincere milk of the jvordlthat ye'may grow - , While speaking upon the past, present,' summer sun's well of scorching might The rays and future, shesaid, "In my native country have dried its leaves, I had never been accustomed to hard Or roaming beast have nipped U from the soil to drudgery labor, being forced to resort to. which it cleavts; this on my arrival here in Utah this became h washed rains itsloolsTaYid left ive, The pouting a very severe trial, as I was not very them bare and dry often I would weep over the wash strong tub as For coming winds to twirl about and scatter in I felt my strengthfailinxjindalmost'eive- thereby." - ; " the sky, up dishearten!, then my better self would Now I would do not we feel greatly , But lo! a giant tree is there to temper wind and come to my rescue and I would retire to an blessed when weask, can realize that we are rain old covered in wagon box and pray in secret in a knowledge of the truth in Protection from the burning rry the sun sheds to my. Heavenly Father for strength in that growing Christ Jesus, and can see the designs and there in vain. nour ot trial." She further said, purposes of God our Father concerning the' geat "I would feel then y human family, to fit and qualify them to And thus the little plant has grown in beauty strengthened and able to finish the task allotted to me come again into .His presenceV where we wondrous, grarAJ, and would even finish with a on song my must give an account how wre have spent Until, to fill a higher sphere, 'twas plucked by t.uman hand lips, I knew my Father had heard and our talents and our time. i Mrs. A. continued And pressed and dried, and now is sent to one .answered my prayer." Also the 22nd, verse of 1st chapter same in her sweet winning way 'to be cheerful at across the sea Epistle. How encouragingly he speaks to work became a fixed rule and I felt well those A token of undying love which fills my heart f.r who have begun the good work: he on . husband to once hearing repaid my say tjiee; says "seeing ye have purified your souls in a friend who had been of a gentleman serve complainAlthough thing littIe.uorth,,it yet may obeying the truth through the Spirit unto ihis end ing of blue Monday," "It isn't so . at our unfeigned love for the brethren, see that house, my wife is always cheerful on that ye love one another with a pure heart ... And, till once more I clasp thy hand, remind thee day and I feel stimulated as I hear my fervently," (5th chapter, 5th verse) he says of a friend. children say 'mother always sings when also, "Likewise ye younger submit yourAnd cannot we compare our lives unto the little she has a difficult tasklo perform." selves unto the elder, yea, all be subject one fern? After a somewhat had and to the other, and be clothed withumility: I lengthy eall, Do giant rocks not lift their heads at every nook left this noble woman's house, I felt much for God resisteth the1 proud and giveth and turn? satisfaction at the time well spent,andas the grace to the humble. Humble yourselves Do trials not like pouring rain descend upon our result of my call many thoughts flashed under the mighty hand of God that He cot? through my mind and I asked myself, how may exalt you in due time." Our faults, are they not like the wind exposed many, homes might be transformed into alPardon me when I say, it annoys me to with little thought? a are most that if paradise hear our people say they are proud of this Do sickness, want and sorrow come, like wither. Sister A's. rule was but adopted. 'How or that. I feel to ask when did they get ing summer heat? many wives might entice their husbands to this privilege of being proud of anything, And does not Father ever guard our humble, low -- spend more time at home?.How many., always . retreat? -1 case! this mothers their sons, if were the beware to of pride as some- people er .. And when death takes us from the place we Jong-.- and then againHhmv-onthoroughlyenjoys; thing dangerous. have known and loved, instead of the common, a chat of this kind Please read 10th, chapter of St. Luke ; And we to fill a holier so common talk among where Jesus sent out the Seventy to preach sphere, from trying scenes flimsy everyday are moved, I as back I recall the gospel, and in 17th verse they return Indeed glance many. For all the sorrows we have passed, the trials another theme equally good and beautiful telling of their success, saying "Lord even afternoon. to me that we've endured, the devils are subject to us through thy given Shall we not shine the in the we have joy brighter How deeply I regret my inability to gather name." After he makes a few remarks, secured? in and scatter abroad again the rich treasures he says 20th, "verse "Rejoice not that the--0, let the fern a lesson teach of guileless trust I discern on every side in life's pathway. devils are subject to you; but rather reand love, . Onward and upward the stairway of joice because your names are written in That we may serve our Maker's plan and dwell "v knowledge, as I sit here alone at midnight's heaven." with Him above. Jesus himself gained the victory and they quiet hour, a sigh wTells up from the heart had no reason to be proud of this success. Alofa. at the thought how slow the progress. Samoa, Oct, iSth, 1S92. In July 15th, of . the Exponent Yet I think in these one wrould hear of some "Camelia" refers to the convenience of a who would think they had a right to be note-boo- k a great niauy echo that feeling. proud of such success. Let such be careA FEW REFLECTIONS. We cannot have too many 'Passing ful lest their feet slip as Lucifer designs shall. Thoughts" they are charming, one good they It was a charriiing and most pleasing sister says they alone are worth the one The Prophet Joseph Smith also said in scene that met Doctrine and Covenants, "Beware of pride my gaze as I called at Sister dollar subscription fee, so full of good com. A's one warm for it bringeth a snare upon your souls:" Ida Haag. sunny afternoon, and the one mon sense are they. hour chit chat that followed was a source Are we careful as we should ' be. to le safe .Woodland Aug. 6th, 1S93.' of real from this snare? This is the question I pleasure and edification to me and from which I will sketch a few often ask myself, for human nature is lines, which weak at bes't, and only when living to and possibly may assist some poor tired overworked mother. PERFECTION. measuring ourselves by the golden rule are we perfectly safe. It is when I compare Mrs. A. arose and bade me welcome with one of her sweet Can we arrive at perfection iir this life, the Latterday Saints with those of former motherly, smiles, Weill our Savior said, days that my fears are aroused upon this Mother A. who was seated at the farther is the Question. " :y ;".. "TV ve perfect as your Father in Heaven is subject. end of their neat room busily sitting pretty " The word of the Lord through Zion's Convert. Writing welcomed me in his usually abrupt, perfect. . " . - - . , per-fectl- .. ...... . 4 s now-cheerl- ess -sin- heir ce-the-ancients 4 -t- , " j - '- - . , " - e 