WOMAN'S! EXPONENT 147 . 0, I have grown ages older, how different quarters at the Chicago Fair will be located everything seems, you who are so much in the Woman's Building withiii the Fair older appear even younger than I do." ., grounds. Here, from .May. to November After their conversation Mrs. Bland and jumc oneot a numerous committee will be her cousin drove over to the Castle, and iounci in daily attendance, to receive visitors. went through some of the rooms, but Lady answer .questions, distribute literature, mid Anna was so much affected that her cousin . arrange for subscription to native and hurried her away lest she should give way ioreign sulirage periodicals. But all meet- to excessive weeping ui a puDiicciiaracter will be held in the the walks and corners,- - new Art Institute not within the Fair The garden shady she often waited where had the"old lodge grounds, but on Adams St. and Michigan under the great sighing elms, for her sweetAve. near the center of the city; admission heart in the days gone by that were, so io an congresses, Conferences etc., bein cr sweet to her now seemed more to her than ii ee. ... - T1..1 people, she loved them more and in fact iuuiic representation lor the work of they seemed more companionable. These fcultrage Associations will be iriven in two haunts were very dear to both these young, of the series of Congresses which are to be women for many reasons. Recollections conducted in the Art Institute, the first that were unpleasauterern-wer- e almost being the 4nVorld'sCongressof Represenla hallowed by time; though the time had been tive Women, "assembled from' May 15th, to short so much had occurred that .it 22nd, the second beinz the "Governmental seemed as Lady Anna had remarked, that Congress" which will convene during a ages had transpired since they were all at weeK: 111 August. home in the old place. Untlie mam Proeram of enoh of these The only thing considered afterwards in ; two Congiesses, Wroman Suffrag e appears regard to leaving England, was whether simply as one phase of the world's interests, Lady Walton Sen. would consent to going briefly set forth by its representatives, but with them, or their leaving her and the estate in one of the Department JIails of the Art for her to manage. Lady Anna felt re-- ; .Institute on one day during each Congress, lieved iir having had" this talk with her a special program will le presented giving cousin, and her mind seemed made up to the subject to the public with greater detail. leave her native land and go among new Thus in May on the main program of the scenes and society. World s Congress of Representative women, Elizabeth Cady Stanton will speak on nhe KATIE K. MERRILL'S GRAVE. subject of the "Civil and Social Evolution :of Women," and in another session, Susan Tis a lonely spot yet I love it well There's a sad, sweet charm there's a quiet spel ;B. Anthony will address the audience on "Organization Among Women Considered Round the place, as if angels loiter near in Respect to Civil Liberty, " while an ofWhose whisperings I in fancy hear ' ficially appointed representative of the And they speak of a soul unstained and ENGLISH WOMEN. the coining World's Congress Wome?i. A 1 ! the-nation- to-da- y. . ; . -- : 4 , pure, jQf her rest in heaven which is now secure. ;' ey tell 6 ' Truthful and. earnest of heart and mind; Of insider lo With the trusting faith of a little child, Of a wife so virtuous, chaste and true With a heart as pure as heaven's blue, t National-America- n JtfrsLi in the discussion following. ........ But in the Suffrage.Department Congress,.. to be held for one day in a Hall of the Art Institute simultaneously with Congress of Representative Women, the entire program will be filled by woman sufThey are speaking now of the form that came fragists, the officers of Suffrage Associations At the hour of death her love to claim; presiding. The following speakers have How she raised her large round been invited to speak on appointed topics: eyes and smiled With a mother's joy in her only child, Lady Henry Somerset on "Woman's Grow Then bidding her dear friends all farewell, towards bee ing Sense .of Responsibility - Countess of Aberdeen Jon How she went with her babe above to dwell. Country,' 'the "Domestic Legislation," Mrs. Cobden While I list to the voices low and sweet, on "Woman's Legitimate and IllegitiI gaze on the green mound at "'77-Whermy feet mate Influence on Politics, ' ' Lucy Stone on s ever cast their shade, a theme of her own selection' Clara Bewick Where flowers spring and bloom and fade, Colby on "Wyoming," Helen H. Gardner, .Where the ocean's low, sad voice is heard, on "Woman as an Annex, " Laura M. Johns As also the wail of the crying bird on "Woman and the Municipality," And I know that the words I hear are said Carrie Lane Chapman on the "Evolution Of the sleeper there the honored dead. of Woman Suffrage,,' Mademoiselle Marie As if by some led strong impulse Popelin, of Brussells, on the "Struggle of For the words thereon I have often read Professional Women in Belgium, ' ' Mrs. F. I walk to the slab of white, once more Fen wick Miller on the " Woman as a And read the dear names o'er and o'er Factor in the Future of Government. " Of Katie, as well as her baby boy j SessionSj lmdrmhg and evening, being "ar- Tangetllbr the" representation pf thispTOE Tis a sacred spot,-- this little mound gram; Where Katie rests in the cold Prominent speakers have also been incold, ground is watched and vited for the Governmental Congress in kept with loving care, And I often in will be silehceponder there; August, full particulars And the angels are whispering: "All is well published as the time approaches. In the . ' ; ; y, re-J- . Association, Suffrage rr: the-World- palm-tree- THE SECRET OF SUCCESS.: ' 's -- 7 -- ; of-whi- - courts on high do their spirits dwell." 1893. THE . WORLD'S FAIR. TriE National-America- n Suffrage head- ch Rachel Foster AvEry, : . Ch. Columbian Exposition Committee for the N. A. W. S. A. Alofa. .WOMAN SUFFRAGE AT - . Uu--wi- P,AGALn Samoa, March ioth, RAHIS li rFoSTEirrAinniYSecF--- . - " notable array of English Women will appear as representatives of English thought and work in the May Congress at Chicago. The Countess of Aberdeen, whose interest-- ! ing paper in the Nineteenth Century, has recently aroused wide attention, is a dele-gat- e from the London society for the Pro- -' motion of Women to Local Governing Bodies, and will speak on Women in Municipal Politics. Mrs. Cobden Unwin, of the Liberal Federation, represents "the ' ' V " general suffrage work. Dress,. Lady Ilarberton of will views rational on her dress, Society give is needless to is dress not. the it which, say, Miss Helen TaylorjYa stepof daughter of John Stuart Mills, is to speak on Social Morals, Mrs. Ormiston Chant, the Hon. Mrs. Waller, Mrs. " Alice ciiit. Scatcherd, the eloquent Florence: Fenwick Miller, Helen McKerlie, Mrs. Parkhurst,;; Miss Margaret Windeyer, and Lady Henry i Somerset are also included in the program. Lady Henry Somerset and Miss ' Florence; Balgarnie are deeply interested in the suc cess of this Congress, and send weekly re-- .. ports of the constantly increasing, number of English associations who will take part. m LLit iuiu-iuavmcagu lueeung.i j r Societies, medical, political, literary, ligious, moral," educational, and purely philanthropic, have already signified their intention of sending either delegates' or written reports, sixteen of them to be repre-- : sented in person. ' . : - .'- -- 1 of I The Illinois ,!tha - bilLgiviug-townshipsuffrage.- Senate,-o- to by a vote of 27 to 10. n April 6, passed women, tf most important element of success' ' is economy; economy of time and economy.: of money. By economy of money I, ' da , not mean ;penurioUsuess, but, to be careful of one's means, not to pe: extravagant or wasteful. , The greatest recipe for. succeed-- - ' ing in the worlds then, is to work much and spend little, If this course beibllowed, success must come, unless, ""some unwise speculation, or accident occur against wHicli ho human foresight jcould provide such as "sickness, death, fire "or other, visitation1 of Providence should arrest; the progress mi-,- " ' Iward; but, in the ordinary course of human affairs success will be sure to follow ecbn-- 7 omy, which is the condition by which prosit perity must be earned. Worldly success, however coveted should i only be desirable" so far as it contributes happiiiess" to" our-selves and those around us. The taan 'pr woman whatever be their fame or fortune, I The , , V 5 orinjellignce Another' s -- woe, who are riot bound to their 7 fellow creatures by the magic tie of sympa- thy, deserves, and must obtain the conT -- " tempt of human kind: Upon him or heiv the choice gifts of nature are thrown away. True happiness they cannot know, their lives are as a aream a iauure ana iney will ' go down to the grave " Unwept, uhhonored and .unsung' Such a fate is hot to be en-- , vied, and let us all who are anxious for? success4tt "thisrlife1 also in the life rbeyohd, f ' remember that success is nothing, with6uti - -- '': E. II. Lyon. 