WOMAN'S .SOMICUMi; WK'l.L "IO E. li Ml-h- l h A(iAlN. ' bus, W. 5N disc overy's voyage over the brines, with souls an hundred and more, dents at large A, Hie ships brave and iroud cJmmander, iled the quiet or stormy sWo'er, Trusting, in a heworld to land her, Near the lands of wealth uncoined, In Salvador's early dawn of dew, The last link of chain discovery's joined, Binding the old world to the new. SoMtTiMii we'll meet again dear, We cannot know just when. But once again you will be near And I must wait till then. We'll joy as when we're young EXPONENT.'; dear And bask in summer smiles. Nor think of winter cold and drear While flower and sun beguiles. Salt Lake,. July 4th, Lf JjiAms Woodmansee, ' S. Dickinson. 1892. THE U. W. P. 31st, with, an extra number of members in attendance, Mrs. E,B,. Wells, the i resident for thepast two years, in the isld the world dear us The tie which binds two, . "f each Shall stronger grow yearN itar ' And link my soul to you. chair; TTAfter an opening prayer by Mrs. Zina D. H. Young the reading of minutes and roll lift lfxMI Kravflv ... . r!ar WM. (ilirpvfs J II V l. 4. V..J call, the Halloween program was carried To future's page unrolled, . out as follows. lies dear that there Believing Mrs. Ella W. Hyde read a paper stating of Gold. Gates the Beyond, the Origin and Meaning of the observance, W'e"li patient be and strong dear wmcn dated back to a. verv earlv oeriod And hopeful every day, A number of the members eave interesting We know the hour is drawing near descriptions of the superstitious rites and And God will find the way. ceremonies ot the harvest festival which is ' E. L. G. Aug. 5, celebrated, not only in Scotland, but in England and America alike, and many pretty lestive home pictures were presented to the imagination of those present. ; THE TRIALS OF COLUMBUS. Mrs. PhebeC. Young read Burns' poem In the morning of the long night, on the subject. Miss .Pearl Russell Of bigotry-an- d falselearning, favored the club with a vocal selection, folyVhen. science began to shed its light, lowed by Miss feelle Salmon who recited a Over kings, and men more discerning, Scotch selection and when encored respondGod chose from the city of Genoa, ed with that selection "The A brave youth of humble birth, iX Mrs. Z. Mouse." H. Young told an His lands beyond the sea to explore; Halloween interesting tory in which the . Lands of good and princely worth. magic or charm practiced really ended That youth, scarce higher than mother's knee; propitiously' for the parties concerned. adversities Treading rugged path, "Alonzo the Brave." vvasead by Mrs. his life "Ocean to the Sea," Pledged Lizzie S. Wilcox. Mrs. E.' BWells read Contented with its love or wrath, a paper relating to the ancientNpruidsand Imbued with the love of science, Druidesses and their observance of the 31st And thirst for geographical kn mledge, of October; it being the eve on which all He placed in "Holy writ" his reliance, fires and lights (were extinguished be Pava's of men learned College. rekindled from the sacred fire at the Altar Surprising on the payment of the yearly tithes or dues In the imagination of his youth, exactea oy tne priests, umer stones He pictured scenes of a world sublime; various deerees of interest and weirdThe grandeur of which proved the truth, ness were read or related as befitting the Of. a scheme that grew with time, evening: and occasion. MisTMaudeTratf For years, twice nine and more, then favored the club with instrumental Wnile sunny Spain lay half asleep, ' music v He toiled for the Western Shore; Refreshments wrere served during a short The mystic lands beyond the deep, intermission, after which the annual election ' Kings wondered, wise men scoffed, of officers was effected by ballot. Miss At the bold Explorer's great theme Patterson introduced a resolution to the Of discovery, the whole world laughed effect that Mrs. E. B. Wells who had so As if it was some mad dream. efficiently filled the position of President, Cast down by poverty's long defeat, for the past two years, and who had been He wandered, hungry and forsaken, ever foremost in promoting the interests of From Courts, to La Rabida's Retreat, the club, should be sustained as honorary His faith in foreign lands unshaken, President for life. The question was put Proving to his cause true and just, and the resolution unanimously carried. From the fair Isabella of God elected, Mrs. Wells made a short but fitting speach He received, at last the needed trust, in which she thanked the members, Miss foolish By kings, so long rejected Patterson especially, for the honor shown her and the confidence reposed in her. The Seeing afar, with wondrous knowledge, show-- , reading of the votes by the Secretary The truth of "Colons" scheme, she declared, ed the following officers elected. ''For love of Castile, my jewels will pledge." President, Ellis R. Shipp, 1st Vice, Prest. Thus the brave Queen, discovery's hope shared Ruth M. Fox, 2nd Vice Prest, Mary A. Freeze And with womanly courage untold, Rec. Sec. Gladys Woodmansee Asst. Rec. Drew from Aragon's drained coffers Sp'V Ella W. Hyde Cor. Secy, Romania The needed thousands of precious gold, Pratt, Asst. Cor Sec'y, Eydia D, Alder, That silenced forever, Columbus scoffers, Treasurer C. C. R: Wells, program ComWhen the explorer's youth was dimmed, mittee, Chairman, , Lizzie S. Wilcox, Ada By the frost of half a century's winds, Vice presi- Phebe C. Young. Patterson, I tiimmed, The Santa fvt-an was . X. . .'' ; most-humoro- us ' d Ik pastures gieeri? Not always; sometimes He who knoweth best in kindness leadeth me in w;eary way where heavy shadows be; only for this I know, He holds my hand, so whether led in ereen or I desert land I trust, although I may not un derstand, I oft would faint with sorrow and affright. But He is near, and by "still waters' not always J so... oftimes the heavy tempests round me blow, and o'er my soul the waves and billows go. But when the storm beats loudest, and I for help, the Master standeth by, and whispers to my soul, "Eo, it is I. " Above the tempest wild I hear him say; "Beyond this darkness lies the perfect day in every path of thine I lead the way." , So, whether on the hilltops high and fair I dwell, or in the sunlesstyalley where the shadows liewhat matter? He is there, ' so, where he leads me, I, can safely go, and in the blest hereafter I shall know why in His wisdom He hath lead me so. " "Father, I do not ask that thou wilt choose some other task and make it mine. I pray but this, let every day be molded by thine own hand; mywill be only thine. Eet me not simply do, but be content7 sure .that the little crosses each are sent, and can ever be, with thine own hand to choose for me. - r 'no d cry-alou- " no-mistak- Do thy duty; that is best, leave unto thy L-the rest. "It is easy enough to be pleasant When life flows by like a song. But the man worth while is one who will smile When everthing goes dead wrung. " "The good are better made by ill As odors crushed are sweeter still " rd l"Eost, somewhere between sunrise and sunset, two golden hours, each set with sixty diamond minutes. ' E. H. Lyon. 1 j REORGANIZATION. - . Maria, " , GEMSSEEECTEl): remember you, h Rec. Secy. -- Your presenceshall uplift and cheer The heart that's ever true, And-thoug- J. A. and Ev McDonald, A..E. Ben- t..J)alton , nion, M. E. Sbipp Auditor. u You'll greet me as of old dear "And Til J. Crocheron : Leorganization ot the Relief Society otxuranite wara uct. i5tn, lisqx. Aieet- - ingValled to order by acting President Catharine M. Staker, Singing "Eet those who would be Saints indeed. " Prayer by Sister Staker, singing "NovvTetus rejoice." Roll called minutes of the previous meeting read and accepted. The Bishobbeing present took charge 'of the business of. the meeting, Sister CathartneM. Staker was chosen to act as President of the society. Sister Annie E. Hanson an4 Sister Susan Despain - were chosen Couiiselors. These sisters were unanimously sustained to fill the above named offices and were set apart to act therein; good counsel and encouraging remarks were received from the Bishopric and other brethren. Our society is not what Nwe mieht call first class as yet,owiug to a great many disadvantages, but we hope to malce it such as soon as possible. Meeting was adjourned for three weeks, singing "We "thank thee Benediction by O, God for a prophet." Bishop, Alva Butler. rr"iiNNIEJB.viJESPAIN, bee. Wasatch Oct. 1893. -.--rr- : 