WOMAN'S EXPONENT. great calling, no mission is there greater into letters and published as literature, the than to help my precious daughters to the souls of men and no case author's name would be "heralded abroad by bring. forth have that thou canst not deliver" shalt thou every tongue. We are indebted to some of for I will bless thee with great skill, and America's greatest women for much that canst thou if not then I will." nas been written 011 tnese luierebimg u, remember the blessings that the daughters and there are still volumes to be written. Such are receive that will premm will of Ziou Women as physicians are seeking to disseminate knowledge among the masses, themselves for the work. to establish a better condition of physical . tific men. culture, to bring about reform in dress "In 1848 Samuel Gregory opened a medi- thereby getting at the cause and prevention TO MY DEAR FRIEND, cal school for women and over fifty thousand of diseases among their own sex that need ' CAMILLA C. COBB. dollars was bequeathed to it from different not exist. , sources v rom that school was graduated " Utah has made a start in this direction,,. On the death of her darling Gracie. she has her pioneer women physicians, many who attained to great proficiency The 'Large. Eclectic College of Ohio was who have made ereat efforts to establish 's one of the first to welcome women as schools of obstetrics that " we might have "No moreJ a deep and breaking tone ' low summer breeze, a A last swell students. In 1850 the Rochester Eclectic plenty of scientific and practical mid wives A rich echo of music gone, dying school'opened its doors to women. In 1S53 but the demand for such hem is very very wreathe tnrougn inose words those murmurs the 'Pennsylvania" University- was started in much greater than the supply. Our towns of farewell: No more!" Philadelpha with separate departments of are rapidly growing in population and those instruction for "men and for women. Since settlements, which a few years aero would It is so hard to part from the darfiW the doors of the medical colleges have been have to go many miles for a doctor in case over whom you have watched "with tender thrown open to women, thousands have ol emergency now support one, two or love and solicitude: so hard to see the graduated with honors and rose to great more doctors. There should be a thorough wTarm breath of life freeze on the pale Hps ' proficiency in the practice of medicine, and woman physician in all such places. We and the close to open' no more eyes loving many have shown superior ability, as require very many young women to take in this life! principals, deans, and professors of the up the study of obstetrics wTho can give 'dear little faithful Yet sisters-frie- nd, various branches of medicine in the meditime masters become to of plenty thorough think of her in the realms of cal colleges all over our land. of in uic science hull art oi una btuuy. xi is mother, Many these experienced ' women physicians have a department of medicine that is of very glory, basking in the smile of Him who saia, "lvet tne little ones come unto me for spent years abroad searching out the kernels great importance and especially should it of such is the kingdom of heaven." of experience, to brine home and enrich be so to us. To excel in this special branch Let all the thoughts of your darlings be this country already abundant in scientific' is considered to have reached the euchd of the they now enjoy, in research. 01 tue proiession. We nnd men witii us their great happiness heavenly home: how they anxiously Dr. Clemence J. Lozier was one who taking the places that should be occupied awrait your coming, how they watch over early studied medicine. She commenced her by women, as the care of women and studies in 1849, after several institutes had children should be in the hands of women.1 you and love you more and more. May the words of your Gracie always refused her admission because she was a 1 nereis no wonaer mat mere is sucn a comfort you, 'God loves us beyond; ' ' and woman. She graduated at the Syracuse women as in Utah. cry against physicians may her dear hands hold the golden cord Eclectic College in 1S53, and by her untirThe men know if this department of medi ;.. ing efforts a woman's medical college was cine was occupied by women, many of that shall draw you to her. be her love beacon the will light May that established in New York City in 1S63... them would have to turn to other pursuits dShe --visited "Europe, where every courtesy or seek other climes for a livelihood, which you through the rest of your iourney in life. was sho w her for the inspection of hospitals. would no doubt be a good thing for Utah. Your many, many friends feel deep Dr. Annie BromaUYa graduate of the WoFor, while we realize that we have many sympathy., for you, dear Camilla,- and "fain man's Medical College of Philadelphia, men vhoare fine physiciaiisand gentlemen, :.attaiued to great proficeney as a practitioner we have many whose characters would not would help you in this dark hour. Yet and as a lecturess. She spent years abroad bear inspection and are not fit creatures to with confidence we leave vou in the hands of a loving Father "Who doeth all things visiting hospitals in Paris, Vienna and wait on the fair daughters of Zion. AnLoudon. Mary C. Putnian, who graduated other reason that women should be well." in iS64,and afterward studied in Paris, was May His love support you , and may physicians wto men will combine their sweet strains of celestial music fall on the first woman admitted to visit the school with faith: Women have knowledge of medicine iiu that city. Dr. Sarah 'always had great faith, it is natural for her your tried spirit, Hike the low murmur of in the ear, lulling and sooth-inHackett Steavenson was the first woman to lean on a and shall we many waters Superior Being, admitted to the American Medical Asyou to a sense of peace and jest, that become so professional that we depart from the world cannot give or take away. Then sociation. This occured in June, 1876. .The our old time blessiug? "The prayer of in the end you will feel to say, Philadelphia Evening Bulletin of June 2nd,' faith shall heal the sick;' ' A glowing said, "the doctors have combined miltribute could be paid to the women of ' Through long, long years to seek, to strive to lennial and centennial glories. The yearn faith" who; worked with the sick in early For human love and that thirst, of the medical profession yesdays before physicians came to Utah, I To pour the soul out, wi never quench no return, honored nning itself by bursting the bands am not afraid to terday O'er fragile idols, by delusion nursed say that the mortality in of ancient prejudices and admitted a wothe same number of cases and conditions No more! man 'to' its' 'membership;.: by a vote that is not nearly so. great with our women f'Oa proved that the long waged battle is won physicians as with men things thit fail ."us; reed by reed, to lean, because physicians, To mourn the changed, the far away, the dead; and that henceforth professional qualificaui uicu lauu. To send our troubled spirits through the unseen, tions and not sex is to be the best of standthe" very face of death, when no Often in Intensely questioning for treasures fled ing in the medical world. No more! could aid, in the midnight earthly power Dr. Emily Horton Cleveland, of Philadelhour,1 in the anguish of her soul, she would Words of triumphant music bear us on phia, who was eminently superior as cry to the Great The weight of life, the chain, the ungenial air; Physician of all Tneir deathless meaning;, - when our -- tasks- are practitioner and lecturer,is often mentioned if it is not against Thy decree, give, O rive done inrelation to her gr mar. sne mignt live to rear her tue me .w To learn in joy; to struggle, to despair cations; arwife;ali(f mother. r Dr. S. H. children and teach them to " tread No morel the Stevenson ery . appropriately has Saidj paths lead to thee," and she has been rethat 'one can spend a lifetime in scientific work warded, a miracle has been wrought and Words of despair! yet earth's all earths the woe without being known outside of her im' Their passion breathes the desolately deep! mediate circle. If the vitality which a many lives restored, and God has answered That sound in heaven ohl image then the now her, Of gladness in its tunes to part, to weep-- No daughter, with thy faith I am surgeon uses in carrying out a single well "Go,my pleased keep in thy good work what more!" operation, or that a physician expends&in e er thou .cethfor mine afflicted shall be carrying through a;, single case;- - or a Lovingly, for granted my angels they are with thee physiologist consumes in a single lecture D; Aldk k: ' " Lydi aj in admitted to a full course of lectures at the Geneve College,N. Y., where she graduated in 1849 and afterward rose to great lemiuenee in her profession. In connection with her sister; Dr. Iiinily Jilackwell,she was at the head Of a hospital and medical college for women in N. Y. City." These men are considered the pioneers. In 1844 the subject of,women as physicians began to engage the attention of some of our scien- if the same amount of energy was coined J. Xfc, " harp-string- far-of- f . - F : , . . A . . 1 ) -- " " - g largest-assembla- ge rOtW -- , . '" " . imdXwill.nottrefuStfugg thy Salt Lake City, r 4 May 13,1893. - 