WOMAN'S5, EXPONENT.. 143 of American Liberty, National Alliance of of Ireland; Mrs. Edith J. Archibald, Dr. "Unitarian and other Liberal Christian Wo men, International Young Women's Chris- - Tillev Mrs , "?beU''Mv Mri tian Wornes, International Young Wo- - f McDomle ,. Dr - E - A. i Mrs. Tir n.ricf; Acc.,r;otm,i rni.: May i,; Gibbs. Dr. Aufiisfn Stm n,,n man's Relief Society, National Christian Miss Madge Robertson, of Canada. League for the Promotion of Social Purity, i'rom our.own country will gather a disWoman's iNauonai finance. tinguished host representing every phase of One hall will be , used each day of the woman's thought and work: Mrs. Potter -- .. . . weekJorhejspe SSSte il . '1111 , ElSTJennestlliner,. Garrnie ; Howe, variety of choice to the thousands who will assemble m Chicago during this most in. ; , , ... .terestmg week. ST&KJ N. Lorraine J. Pitkin, Stetson. ...... Rev.- An ..v I . SusX r Charlotte V f MuxiL-iuaii- ut VA cw. VJllci Perkins V . a, Xi.llL.t- - 1 iwru3iu . T . .. - TT t. 1 t, -. 1 w . to the throne and reitrned ten dnvs. nftfr which time she very gladly relinquished to Mary. For this she lost her life, in her seventeenth year. Elizabeth had taken sides with her sister in the contest and was very properly permitted to share her triumph, so far as taking part in the honors and festivities usual on such occassions. . No sooner had Mary entered upon her duties as queen than she had many suitors for her hand in marriage among them was i in-iX- T J . y . lvi-'ir-i rs Un "w uwulvu m lu rreeman Pnimpr rs j. iiUIliuS. . iuujw; . f iho nHHcofi-- , nt tt nivtiiti(ro r: thp mifrrpcc i v cSarah. ursuia t"Lresteield, B. Cooper at ii r in in i i in inV .ii Vr - n o q t n i" 7 iuarirareiay wickins, iiattie A. Rob nson, i auuiTt' uir meir uiara Barton, MrsV-- D uciiau muiv Cabell 'Liicv - Stone. Marv.A countries. ,Tuesday morning ad-respective xir . T,.prmnr . W- J viiuuiv,, A lUUVtO dresses in the large halls will be on the Harder. Dr. Mrv Put Civil and Social Evolution of Woman and R WpHc r rc .. t :n:. w, . , J Villi U illllC m wuman. iuc xi.uiiuui3tiaiivc xi.umLy .ui JJevereux ELike., K rnVth Ti "iuuuw. . t. xt... i. xir iu u .tac cvcuiuu !C ,Cw racior in Rachel Foster Avery Secretary . Position rf Kronnmies. the Ttinii;trinl Woman in Germany, and the Industrial Position of Woman in France; Wednesday, QUEEN ELIZABETH. the Ethics of Dress, Woman on the Stage, f r .1 01 Italy, our debt to vvomannooa Queen Elizabeth was the daughter of Zurich and to Brussells, and Woman in the Henrv VIIT. nd l,k .Pmnri w;ftT Pulpit; Thursday, Woman as a Financier, Boleyn: and was born Sept. 7th v her j Woman in Municipal Government, the Po name was i uuur ner motiier was a litical Putiire of Woman,, the Solidarity of lawnybeautiful woman with whom her very Human Interests; Friday, Woman's War father fell in love while she was lady in for Peace, Woman as a Social Leader, the to the queen, his wife, whom he waiting Professions and Trades underlying the divorced in order to marry his new love. 'Home, Woman . in Science, Woman's place Her reign, however, .was of short duration. in the Republic of Letters; Saturday, both When Elizabeth was scarcelythreeyears. sessions will be" devoted to the presentation of jealousy,' of the"work of w6meir"ih"ganizations, ordered her beheaded. At the time of considered in respect to ReligionrPhilan Elizabeth's birth Henry was very much in thrbpy, Education, Moral Reform, and love with her 'mother but was.f of course. Pn1itirn1 T iltArtxr , witvJi m a crfnfril r1icriiccirr .Ji t .1 sne was- not. a :..i..i 11. j"y-,- j mat vivuvu uoy, out as uibappuiuteu oLthe economy .of woman,'s forces through ., all the realm lookt upon her as heir to the organization. Sunday morning there will throne he decided to give her a grand be a religious service entirely conducted by Christening accordingly she was wrapped in women ordained as "ministers, representing royal robes of purple and ermine with a very every denomination which has admitted ions: train which was borne by Lords and women to the ministry, and the Congress T:nr1i .will close Sunday mVht with a sacred eon privilege. In the splendid procession. cert with music composed, rendered, and which attended her to church, were four conducted by women , and a closing; ad- Lords who walked two on either side hold dress oh the influence of Columbian Exing over her a magnificent canopy. The position in woman's development. ceremony was performed by Cran m er the Amongst the noted foreigners who will Archbishop of Canterbury, On her return attend this Congress are Madame Isabelle sheswas followed by four additional persons Bogelot of France, Treasurer of the Inter- - of rank bearing costly and beautiful presents national Council Kirstine- - by her several Godfathers and Godmothers. ?rederikseiiwaf Copenhagen. Recording Nor was this all her father , had. au act of Secretary" of thrrhternational Counsil of parliament passed, solemnly recognizing and Women and President of Dansk Kvindesam- - confirminer her claim as heir to the crown fund; Lady Henry Somerset, the Countess and the title of Princess of Wales was of Aberdeen, Mrs. - Alice Cliff Scatcherd, formally confer upon her when these things Mrs. Cqbdenvenwrin, Lady .Harberton, Mrs. were done in crder to further his political Earnest Hart, Mrs. -- Florence Fen wick schemes, he offered her to the King of Miller, and Mrs. Ormiston Chant, of Ene- - France as a wife for one of his sonsr which land; Miss Meri Toppelius and Mrs. Ebba offer was rejected. After the death of her 'uu"ua; . -- kll' 1 and discussing reports of organizations. .r name until his death when Mary ascended the throne being at that time about thirty-fiv- e years old, she is described as a cold austere maiden lady forbidding in her appearance and manners, aiid a very decided Catholic. She had not been queen but a very short time before, she had Lady Jane Grey, her husband and father and some-othebeheaded. Lady Jane was a very loVable woman the very personification of beauty genius, piety and virtue she had very much against her own mind, by the advice 4 . ;,Jt? tw u;n.;L Philip a Prince of Spain and a great grandson of Ferdinand and Isabella. Mary was very much pleased with this offer as his prospects were very brilliant, he was also ' very much younger than herself, being about twenty-seve- n years of age, at this time the people of England were generally of the Protestant faith and consequently quite easy: about Mary's contemplated marriage, as Philip was a very stern and severe man as well as a very ardent Catholic. This-witthe knowledge that she had very quietly but efficiently been forming measures ' to bring back her government and nation to the Catholic faith" did not tend to their . tne-JNe- aq d - . h UVaLC 1 I dvist, representing associations of Finland: Dr. Marie Popelin, assigned her at a place caiied iiunsaon ana of Brussells; Madame Fanny Zampini was put under the charge of a governess Salazar, of Italy; Miss Hulda Lundin, named Lady Bryan who, in a letter to one Principal of the Sloyd, of Stockholm; Miss of the Lordsstated that his little charge and those things Augusta Fenger, representing Dahsk was lacking in raimentdemanded. When Kvindesamfund, Mrs. Nico Beck Meyer, which her position representing de Samlede Kvindeforeningen, Elizabeth was fourteen years old her father and Mrs. two heirs between her and the Olesen, representing the died leaving ' throne; A young brother, son of a third Kvindelig'; 'Fiemskridts Forening, of Dr.- Ella Mensch: of Darmstadt, wife, who died at the age of sixteen and an A. , . Den-mar- k; - o-- . 1 Augusta Forster, of Kassel, anaLEmii:.Hed irteyif Df Berlin; Miss Helen McKerlie, wife a great council of .sixteen .persons .of,., the highest rank governed in Edward's 4.1 I 1 - V l 11,11 her on uvivicu. ivci 1 WfiTk Ff T the throne. iu uc very circumspect and suspend opera- thf Prrtcctotit CUnmU time which she did. but the alarm had "ibrtlTaiidtEe House of Commons appointed a committee of twenty members and sent them with a humble petition to the queen ifthat she would not marrv a foreigner o man uyvYtva, auc VVUS Vcly disnleased much and dissolved Pnrli ' vttvit t tifMK, -- -- - o ixniiiovwioata.j careful and . I liL klkVX VJA faithfully to place : OcrnU-ici- - - X . Philip's father hearing ofthe obstacles in- the way borrowed money to the amount C . : 1 t !( vi utu muiiun uunais vvnicii nis so ii was to return, as soon as he got posession of England, and sent to buy up influential men. ofthe realm to favor the marriage; he also sent a very magnificent embassy to London which with the large bribe seemed to silence the opposition. After a great many - 1 l 4 oi iNiarv to and England satisly the English people the wedding was allowed to take place. Mary seems to have been very nervous and unhappy for fear Philip should be disappointed in her beauty and would fail to love her; in fact she complained that he had not written to her and been as"attenti ve as she thought he ought to be, to a prospective uuuu.un- iiigmg- jinn- a Kjuguom ior a dowry, but woman like she thought her troubles would be all over when she once When that -- was got him; all forl hersel accomplished she was happy for a short time only. Philip left her and went back to Spain in a year after, and did not return but once and that was to compel her to join with him in a war against France. This war proved very disastrous for England. oiiuLutLAuus-Kiuaig-tueng- nts - : -- e townot cajais: .the posessipnpe, English dred and 1 years fbr4wo htta they were, very proud.of.it - ... 