I WOMAN'S EXPONENT." --4 .OBITUARIES. meeting with remarks appropriate and to the occasion; when the people repaired to a lot on a block west of the Tabernacle, where the new building is tq " be erected, and where master mason X. M. Christiansen had aU things ready for the im-porta- nt ( a shadow of gloom of one f olir itemise sudden it the over cast by who Simmons Ann Maria departed this number, life, Oct. 24, 1893 of tphoid fever, and leaves a husband and six small children to mourn her loss, she was a Relief Society Teacher, and always ready to do her duties in all her callings. 5ne was born in Coney Heath JHatfield Hearts England, Sep, isth, iS5; and was baptized July 24 1865 by by. William L). Owen at Chamberwell, London. Emigrated to Utah in the fall of 18S1. May she restm peace. Mary A. Whixtaker, Sec. . " "r Betsy G. Whittaker, Pres't. Centeh ward Has had , ceremony. ; , - After Singing and prayer an enclosure, -- containing a record of the Society's work from its commencement, with names of its officers and of the Bishopric, No. 5 of Deseret News, Juvenile Instructor, Woman's ExrONENT and ' Younjr Woman's" . 'Dear Sister blessing-of-Cod- all who shall assist in its erection and that the way may speedily be opened whereby the necessary" means may -be ob- - 11-- ' I f responded to with a hearty Amen, President Zina D. H. Young and Counselor Bathsheba W. Smith spoke in a very 1- -- A -1- ' j Eliza : ; ; A. ' . '7 Fmva Burrows, Secretary. HEALTH FOR WOMEN, ; : Tracy, President. The Viavi Home Treatment duty to inform you of the death the Temple and shared in the persecutions-o- f in that Saints in being driven from their homes arrived in Kanesville on the 24th, of cityand June in the same year remaining there 'till 1849. In 1847 when the pioneers returned to Winter Quarters and a log Tabernacle was built, at Kanesville Sibter Richards fed and lodged thirty of them for several days and it was at this time and votea place where Brother Bngham Young was " ' " '. in as President of the Church. , Heber C. Kimball prophecied then that Sister Richards and her family should never want bread a prediction which has been literally fulfilled up 7" "77 7 Aq this time. Sister Richards was a woman, of nerve and independence, she drove a team the entire distance across the plains from Nauvoo to Salt Lake City she left Kanesville with her husband who was Captain of one of the companies and her family on July 10th, 1849 and arrived in Salt Lake City on Oct,23rd of the same year, she was one of the oldest settlers of Union, also President of the Union district South Cottonwood ward . for eight years in the Relief Society, and in the organization of the Union ward in 1877, she was appointed to preside over the Union Ward Relief Society on Aug. 8th, of that year andLheld that position when she died, her health has I een feeble for the last two or three years, but she always had a good word of counsel to give to all. All that loving hands could do was done for her, which she very much appreciated. : 7 She was the mother of six children, twenty-tw- o grand children and forty-nin- e great grand children. The funeral was largely attended, the speakers were Bishop Joseph S. Rawlins, John Sharp, Charles Denney and Bishop Ishmael Phillips, all testified to her upright character and her devotion to the work of God. Through the fiery ordeals of Illinois she passed with no shelter, oft exposed to the cold wintry blast yet never did she utter a word cf regret at joining so despised and persecuted a people. To the celestial law through Joseph revealed, This our dear sister, obedience did yield; To trials exempt thro which many have fell, She kept the covenant, and with her all is well. A President, Counselor and a mother in need, To the sisters of Union, for years she has been; Long, long remembered by many she'll be; As they are tossed to and fro' on life's trouble- some sea. 7 V . M. A. Smart, Sec'y. ;;:7T77 . 7:V' V;7 ; is a certain cure for all female diseases and uterine troubles. It has cured thousands of women who' have despaired of ever getting reliet. ' I lie treatment is applied by the patient herself, causes no inconvenience and is absolutely safe and reliable 'Correspondence solicited. For full particulars address Dr. E. B. Ferguson 121 B. Street Salt Lake City. : : r I : - " two cupfuls of sifted white sugar and half a cupful of butter, Add the yolks of three eggs, one cupful of sweet milk, three cup- fuls of sifted flour, and three teaspoonfuls of baking powder Stir into the beaten whites of three eggs one cupful of blanched and chopped nuts; add to the batter and bake, jn small tins. Ice with vanilla icing. I , A LETTER ' TO THE LADIES. ' Miss Grace J. Haynes, formerly a teacher in Lawrence, Mass., has been elect- For three years I have suffered pain and misery In ailment peculiar to our sex I have been treated by some of the best physicians of this city witnom maienai results. 1 100 k one treatment of Dr. de Joza's prescription, and to my surprise and pleasure, was able to be up working and hav e, been free from pain and other inconveniences. Being so pleased "with the results I have Consented to give this testimonial and also recommend it to my lady friends and all others Phebe I. Allred. sweu Known Mrs. lauy oi oau jatce will ress be '; Her t given to any lady who City. will write or call at our office. Also other testimonials at your service. One trial treatment,' $2.00. All orders must be L sent to the Lady Managers salt lake medicine CO., 56 West, Second South St., Room 2." r rt-iir- ed principal of Olivet Mich. Olivet College, ; Chicago has thirty police matrons, with a head matron, over all. They, have cared for 35ii9 women and girls during the past year. 7;'";' T0 E JLjacLies :r.! ' ' PIfad I inv If vnii are tmiiMf! i ItK and irregular periods take Dr. de Joka's World-renowne- We give written guaranPrescription. in tee to permanently cure "two treatments or refund money. Trice for one trial treatment $2.00. Write or call on Lady Manager. i d SALT LAK2 H2DIC1HS CO., 56 Went Sffond South St.. Salt Lake City. Utah. Patients unsuccessfully treated or imposed upon by others especially invited to call. " "7-77T- 7 CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S HOLIDAYS. : Cvniiroinno lii llninn rauiiiu. lauuioiuuo via "mull Dnnin For the Holidays the Union Pacific will sell excursion . tickets at rate of ono fare for the round trip to any point in Utah, also to on the Union Pacific System outside of Utah within distance of 250 inilesnud to all points in Colorado. Tickets to be sold Dec 23, 21, 25, 30, 31 and Jan. 1, good for return until Jan. 4. Tickets sold to Colorado points will be good for return until Jan. 15. anv-poi-- . . THE VIAVI OFFICES Are removed to the Ricketts Block Corner State and 3rd, South Sts, Salt Lake, City. Suffering women will do well to investigate this remedy, as it is fully proven to be a cure for diseases of women. Send for a Health Book. DUNFORD Have the Cheapest and Best Lines of SHOES 7 New Store. Nearly 1,000 women have registered in Boston for school suffrage, a substantial iSt 26,28,30and32 East 1st SonthSt, S ALT LAKE CITY. r The Leading Retail Cash H6iis .THOMAS ; ; o ; . ; A very successful conference of women workers was held at 8th. of November. .Papers were read by Wma'! Gwsdiw : -- 57 S. Main 1 increase oyer last year. ; SLI PPERS In th City. r.k:.thomas : Very truly yours, f , ... Card , . '' - -- loving, kind, and energetic manner : feel ing fully assured the sisters : would never regret the noble effort they Were now makto obtain a house of their own. ; ing ' Several persons present donated various sums of money towatds the erection of the building- ;- and the r interesting 'proceedings were concluded with pleasure and gratitude that will long be remembered by the good ; people of Huntsville, and their visitors present. ' of our beloved president, Elizabeth Richards wife of the late Silas Richards and daughter of Elijah and Elizabeth McClenahan born June 12, 1809 in Kentucky.. She departed this life after one weeks severe suffering on Novr22ndiS93 at the residence of her daughter Mrs. Lucy A. Brady. In 1846, she received her blessings in the Nauvoo invoked-upo- n was Wells: It is my painful ; Thel A. ' - laid , , When the authorities present proceeded to place the South East Corner Stone of the Relief Society's Hall of Huntsville Ward in position, and declared it was now . useful and practical subjects were discussed. A 3IAN cannot be truly eloquent if he knows not liow to listen, , ' Journal, was deposited. Housitig of the Poor;" by Mrs, Alfred Ahe on "Health Teaching in Towns;'.' and by Miss Hetty Jones on "The Condition Qf Life in Houses of Business." Many other - :J'- - -y lit Keeps on Iland fancy dress goods and trimmings, books Articles and notions - 7 equiand stationery, ETC. POISE WAISTS, . nt 