J WOMAN'S 172 those who sit in darkness, that they may see how good a thing it is to dwell together for a little season, for a jubilee of welcome and of greetings, to those who have come from afar, and to the stranger within the gates of the nation that promises protection and freedom to all, of whatever creed or faith. Perhaps the most popular woman of the Congress, if we except Mrs. Palmer, was :Sus,an 'B. Anthony; everywhere she was followed by immense crowds eager and anxious to hear her speak, no matter what - the subject. Really the woman suffrage question-- was. one of the most popular themes of discussion presented, and at the department meeting of the suffrage organization the hall was crowded to suffocation, and a policeman had to be called to clear the way for Miss Anthonv. and as soon as she left the meeting the crowd followed her in their" Exi 'ONE NT. Wo MAN'S - EMMEL1NE ft. WELLS, ' ; ANNIB WELLS CASNON (Camelia), i Editor. EdittrUl Contrtbuttr. y, one-cop- 48 . - Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as ' tcond class matter, June i, 1893. WORLD'S CONGRESS OF WOMEN. Women which convened in the Art Palace in Chicago, commencing May 15, 1893, and continuing to May 21, inclusive, was the most wonderful gathering of women that the world has ever seen. Its value among the nations of mankind in all countries, from which representation came, and the results that will hereafter, ensue cannot be estimated in the extent of knowledge and wisdom disseminated, nor in the spirit of love and abundant charity and , . ' : A larger love and fellowship for and with all humanity must necessarily follow such a tremendous effort for the good of all peoples. There is bound to be a great upheaving of the better and finer elements of society and of higher education, through and because of the intense and ' exalting view's and sentiments that have beeuset-forth and "emphasized by the leaders of thought and of principle along every line of representation and illustrative work, whether by force of reasoning, comparative analysis, or by deep study and scientific research, or by that deeper intuition that comes as a spontaneous gift of excellence to those who are prepared to receive. The experience of all those (if one may speak in this large sense) who have attended the Congress and taken part in the proceedings, has been deeply suggestive of the larger idea, the broader philanthropy and benevolence', peace and purity that is yet to crown the world. Women of all lands have met on a com- , raon and; universal platform, and' the one band that bound them has been peace and love and the inspiration of progression and advancement to the better and higher in" the moral, mental and spiritual, as well as the physical growth- of the world. Serious reflection and a deep solemnity has pef- vaded the heart of tliis great Congress of women; and 'themisliignificattt Underlying tins important work that should be recognized by all thoughtful, truth-seekipeople and by all who are ; coining ;. to comprehend the vastness of the unde taking of bringing into such beautiful harmony women of all religions of whatever kind, or of no sentiment, or creed upon that subject, and uniting them in one great sisterhood, saying effectually, come let us know each other better arid lqye each l -- otheriofe torthe ': - -- ng w-a- j I fore-thoug- s . Thursday the Chicago Woman's Club, both of them grand and enjoyable; and Friday Mrs. Potter Palmer gave a reception at the Woman's Building. Band of music, speeches, and violin solo by ra 7 young" lady many distinguished women were introduced to the audience from the platform. After the exercises the ladies were free .to visit and converse, and ill the adjoining room tea from Ceylon was served by real Ceylonese girls in their native dress; which was quite a picture in itself1 ; y There were a large number of Utah women there, among whom we : noticed Mrs. Amelia F. Young, Mrs. Carlie. Y; Cannon and her daughter, Carroll; Jylrs. Maria Y. Dougal, Miss Mary Teasdel Miss Josephine Spencer, Mrs. Ellen C. Clawsori and her daughter, Rubie; Mrs. Joseplnue'West, and Emily S. Richards, President of the' Board of Lady Managers for Utah; and Miss May Preston, the Secretary. There were also the delegates to the Congress. Mrs. Zina D. - ; . - :,-iYungrrsr:- ot the Woman's Branch of the Auxiliary that the Congress attained to the excellence . ; ht JYeLWOxkQfJth ' the-Illin- : : 1 j. , : , were-serv- ed . , peace that were diffused throughout its assemblies from its first session until its last. , enthusiasm through the corridors into the main hall, where they gradually subsided into a normal condition. The entire Woman's Congress has been such an unparalleled success, that it is likely to detract from those which immediately follow it. For instance, the Press Congress which commenced on Monday had much less enthusiasm and the numbers are insignificant as compared with it, and this is the close of the second day. Ihe World's Fair proper was scarcely thought of while the Congress of Representative Women was in session, excent as an educating factor, a great object lesson, and its power ot utility. Certainly it was the Columbian Exposition that made the Congress of Women possible at this present date ana also that rendered it more popular to men as well as women, but it was in a very great measure due to the earnestness-- , activity, force and persistent determination,, and concentrated, vigorous ex- - The World's Congress of Representative l , , Salt Lake City, Utah. Salt Lake City, hall-severa- ' PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ' ' The house was handsomely Boulevard. decorated and illuminated, a baud of music playing behind a wall of flowers and ferns at the farther end of the reception rooms were crowded beside' the large main hall with beauty, gaiety', sprightly ness, and brilliancy, as well as fine figures and elegant costumes. In fact the whole affair baffles all description; one not ac- customed to scenes of this , kind could only gaze silently on the beautiful picture anf admire; the ease and - dignity which characterized the ladies who took charge of Refresh ments-- v 'thearrangemehts. to all in a most, artistic way and1 ' though the ladies informed us the Club newT, the members must have been long accustomed to the etiquette of formal re- ceptions, .... The floral decorations added greatly to the delight of the guests.' Wednesday alternocn was the reception -- Press ois - of Association, and : in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published six months, Terms: one Copy one year, Jr. oo; deliv-ere- il clubs. made redaction 'tor No City papers 5octs. by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50; per month, $3 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. EXI'ON'ENT office, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Building, Main Street, opposite Z. C. M, I. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. ' Address all business communications to semi-monthl- EXPONENT. . nre lamina b. Taylor and her , daughter Miss ;Mae Taylor, Mrs. Martha H Tmgey,1 Dr. ;M. Hughes Cannon, Mrs. Zma' Y. Card, acknowledged by all it and especially those who took part, for they and perhaps one or two more whose names know whereof they speak. The President, we do not now recall. It was a charming,, Mrs. Palmer, and the Mrs. afternoon and was one ot those happy ex- ' Hamotin, were both deeply interested n pressions of generous sympathy and inter- the, Congress; but; in consequence of their est in the work of the Woman's Congress that Mrs. Palmer has been in the habit of official positions and the duties pertaining thereto could not devote fthe time Mrs, extending to all the public enterprises; Sewall and Mrs. Avery gave to the details manifesting, her delicate appreciation of the of the matter. The Congress has now good work women are" doing for the cause passed into history and will be recorded in the of human progress. Mrs. Palmer and Mrs. Henrotin received archives of the country as one of the greatest events of modern times. All honor to those together,- many hundreds being introduced who planned and executed such a Memorial meantime, and having the very' great Congress for , the women of the world. pleasure of a word from this truly gracious 1 neir names will not only be emblazoned and queenly Woman who has shown herself so abundantly competent to fill t ther upon the history1 of America, but engraven upon the hearts of the people of arduous duties assigned her - by . the oa'v our own and other nations, as heroines gressof the Uhited States; rs. Salisbury,:, of-thone the : as1 worthy alsa Lady magnificent cause of elevating ts, ; woman and , preparing the T Tin Ht wns mesent and Commissioner for way for all wo men to advance like an army well equipped !W:Uswithpardoiiable toStandfo elegant silk curtains made in, .Utah of, iiative silk for the Woman's Jbuildigalso,: life, their homes and the solidarity interests. r the; piano scarf the broadcloth curtains, etc.P all displayed on this memorable occasion- -, ,Tje. receptions, tendered to the ladies lof Mrs." Palmer, Mrs: Henrotin and Mrs. Congress dunng the week added much to its pleasure, and gave: the Salisbury are a trio of attractive, brilliaiit women op and pprtuuities of fascinating women; unsurpassed '0;-converse they would not otherSL social their attainments for the .place of honor, assigned to them, and are a- credit to the; j enjoyed. who-visite- Vice-Preside- d nt, ' . ; . - . ' - . ; ; , e Vice-Preside- h of-huma- :- . : ; ; ; . ? . . : , ,. country they so ably Tuesdays May tr aL.lheaihnois-ei- n Ponb onHollse7"AihlanoV i'X"2L,LL anci: yet r:Ms"lr1cIFiilifready tooTorig;. magnificence, the extreme elegance :it : of 