WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. 70 1 Which Joseph taugh't at Kirtland and Nauvoo, : u Sweet lessons' which the wearied being soothes 3 Then comes the bright The sun shines forth again, Earth's children rise to jUbor, Their blessings to obtain, And on life's fair The great Millennial day, May we all meet in Heaven , Whence none will ever stray. to-morr- . For one. I often wish that I could be The maker of a home like Sister Home's; So orderly, from envious strife so free, Like a bright bed of roses with no thorns. to-morr- -- " educational. ' women" too 0f Like other young fell she times in'love, hav-in- g did all ages and Yet, time has been when thorns her heart met an interesting young farmer at a """"" ... pierce, l. ! AnH nrw?riii wpcrls prew round her. tall and religious gauiciiuj; u taiup meeting, the ' ' friendship begun soon ripened into an -- thickr resulted in marriage about Vndtorms have beaten on her, cold and fierce intimacy that brave .and quick. . two years after; .a; union, which has proved action, Calling -for vig'rous -J such a complete and happy' one that we see How is it, thorns and weeds are cleared away them even today as much like lovers as Clouds have dispersed, the blast's wild voice, husband nd wife: the golden wedding . is dumb? . . celebrated when fifty years had passed was J She simply learned God's mandates to obey, f wucu W.1uierirosi a rare cvtut- - uuunuvv nt Has triumphedrand thoselsre-overcomfourscore years have come to the bride- - BIRTHDAY NOV. H . " 20,1893. Thus anciently, were holy women taught, By Christ's Apostles, great, inspired men; Today are glimpses of those lessons taught; Apostles, Prophets teach the same again. - In this last time, now more than fifty years Hath woman's true position been defined By God's appointed servants, Prophets, Seers, v A ,1 u . : r nuu ivcvcidiuis ui it ilia win aiiu uiiiiu. 1 1 z 1 ; ' 1 A 1 e; 'Tis good, with Sister Home to celebrate Anniversary of her blessed birth; The victories she has gained to contemplate, Her lessons to recall, of priceless worth. . j to the once youthful bride, we find "them as handsome and as happy in the family relation. as when they first took possession of . .. r t' 1.1 me ana eacn nome lime iarm in otner, And then, to forward look, into that realm more Yes for even Canada. the so, olive - Of many ma nsions, where we hope to land; branches that grew one by one, and two In this life, finding nought that can o'erwhelm, by twof around their hearthstone, have No tests nor trials we cannot withstand. grown to magnificent proportions, and two To think, in that fair region of the blest, or three generations of these, now crown How good, how beautiful, sometime, to meet the lives and cluster round the hearts of . 7 Prsicilla, Persis. Dorcas, and the rest this venerable couple, whose days have The former Sisterhood with ours complete. otirlnf crnnA tiTfl- liati cn full rif 11fcc-intotJ' ""'i And then, I doubt not, we shall turn and say, , and whose evening of life is so glorious We're glad that we were privileged to be with rosy light and glowing promise. What shall we say, what can we say more bom, than this, that we who are assembled here To learn and labor in this Latter-daWith our beloved and faithful M. I. Home. today salute yougreet you" ' as those who after a long and adventurous voyage L. Lula Greene Richards. upon the changeful sea of life, are safely resting in the haven of Zion ready even A TRIBUTE. now at this ripe age, to go forward at the call of duty whenever and wherever the By Mrs. E. B. Wells.' his a a r be in behaviour as becometh holiness, not false accusers,, not' given to much wine, teachers of good thing s; "That they may teach the young women, to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children, "To be discreet, chaste, keepers at home, good, obedient to their own husbands, that the word of God be not' blasphemed." Titus, chapt. 2, verses 3, 4, and 5. -4 " - ' "Tjje aged woman likewise, that they i- - "' --T- Mrs. Lizzie Thomas Ed wards,saigwith fine expression . and in clear "melodious voice that beautiful song, "In OH Madrid," which was thoroughly appreciated by all present; Prof. Clive kindly consented to play theaccompaniment.though he couldnot stay to enjoy the company afterwards. " SEVENTY-FIFT- w 1 Lydi a DTAlder. HORDE'S ocean when only a child, she had those oxnerienees i.rktir!rfiil that 'rrmw. .a.v. n l III a UMMVl 'I sea voyage in a sailing vessel, and also the life in a new country that is full of strand incidents, and is 01 necessity practically . -- I. - " But with the blest Redeemer, And Father good and true May we walk the fields Elysian Each beau ly ever new. Loved sister, friend and mother May we who've sought on earth To live the life Celestial Receive a Heavenly birth. Lovingly, - M. ( " - 1 How can we praise our Father, God, enough, For blessing us with this grand sisterhood? To ajd each other when the way is rough, To find no pleasure but in doing good. To love and help our husbands on in life; To love and teach our" children righteousness; None to accuse, make peace instead of strife; True women everywhere, no more, no less. Making each home the dearest, happiest place, Kin to the Heavenly hom s we seek above; That every child may sweetest lessons trace, From father's counsel kind, and mother's love. I mentioned fifty years, how few remain Of ihat first organized Relief Society, To whom the Prophet, Joseph Smith, made plain, Their place and how. to fill it with propriety. One of those few, today is Seventy-fivAgain, our Father, God, thy name we praise. That Mary Isabella Home is yet alive, With pow'x among us still her voice to raise. -- How often that dear voice to us imparts Lessons of wisdom for our home affairs, Teaching us how to toucrf our children's hearts, And make them partners in our household .cares. e; With Zina, Bathsheba, and other few, Teaching" the younger women holy truths ;o' -- y, In thinking of the long life of our dearly beloved mother in Israel whose anniversary of three quarters of a century we celebrate today, one scarcely knows whether to look backward at the chapter of events so full ot interest,- - historical and personal, or to look forward with prophetic gaze into the mystic vista of the ever thrilling future, and calculating the manifold labors so nobly achieved foretell that which is sure to be the positive result of the work qlready so far accomplishedthat thereward is near at hand."" Even now the fruits of the harvest season are beautifully ripe,and radiant with promise of a golden fruition. But for one brief moment we will take a retrospective glance. In a cottage by the sea, on a chilly November day such as this perhaps, or mayhap in one of those dense fogs that are common in England at this season of the year, the news that a, child was born, "only a girl" not much thought of in those days, would not be very thrilling, and the mother herself could scarce have dreamed beforehand of all that we assembled here today are conscious of; nor did she realize then as we do now, who have the knowledge of the GospeLof a where the little une came from so fresh and pink and rosy or what her mission here on earth was likely to be. How tenderly she would have reared this little stranger had she known but half that would befall her, what her destiny, her how wide Her how sphere, grand her possibilites. These were all unknown, locked in the bosom of mysterious nature's living drama. But to many of us, :the living panorama is unfurled. ' We know how crossing the mighty pre-existenc- life-wor- k, e, wise Father, through his servants here on r earth may designate. apparent, Ihere isyno need to tell her so in words, that she merits the love of the daujghters of Zion , of the whole house of Israel is too .well known to need repeatine:. And in conclusion '"may our sister love as a band of women workers be always true. and our union strong: and steadfast: as the everlasting hills 'mong which we dwell, and may we never grow... weary of the wor&s 01 cnanty, pniiantnrop)r, and progress in which we have . been so Jong engaged, and one of the foremost among the illustrious women of our age and time will ever stand the name of her whose birthday anniversary we celebrate today, mary ISAlilSijIvA HORNE , . President Home explained how5 she had been affected by the honors shown her and the many expressions of love and esteem from those who. had spoken, how glad she was to see her fellow laborers gathered there the tried and true ones, and to be honored with the presence of the Ffrst Presidency of the Church, she had not the language to express how grateful she was to her Heavenly Father and to her friends for this tribute, spoke of her pleasure in J laboring with those associated in the Relief Society and hoped to deserve all that had been said of her and that we all might continue to labor together dr even more diligently in the future. . Sister Home seemed greatly overcome by the many manifestations of love and esteem expressed on every side. At the close of the exercises Mrs. Taylor who had presided with grace and dignity during the afternoon, thanked the audience . 