WOMAN'S 12 -- 4- for variety to the exercises, and securing the searchers --after truth accurate and correct knowledge in Obstetrics, and the latest most improved methods of nursing the sick. We are assured thatV every effort will be made to give satisfaction, and adapt prices to the stringency of ..the times, Woman's Exponent. Editor. EMMELINE D. WELLS, ANNIE EXPONENT. it'ELLS CANNON camt!ia). . Editurvil Contributor.- - in Salt Lake City, Utah.' Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one cnpy six months, 50 els. No reduction made i or clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50; per month, 3 00. A liberal dis. count to regular advertisers. semi-monthl- y, - special reductions being made to societies Those Contemplating sending students. this course of study would do welljto communicate with Dr.- - ShippaCTTo. iS Main St, Salt Lake City. - Exponent office, Rooms 227 & 22$ Constitution Building, Main Street, opposite Z. C. M, I. Businessbfeurs from 10 a.m. to p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to - -- and their friends, who came on by invitation it presented quite, a brilliant appearance. A large and elegant jar"of long stemmed hollyhocks and vases of sweet peas, and other flowers in season, added beauty, and attractiveness to the stage. Most of the Committee were without hats or bonnets and wore lovely, bouquets of It was not a dress parade' occasion flowers. however for the women were intent and "eariiesTas their countenances proved and were only there for a noble purpose: Mrs. George A. Lowe Chairman of the Committee who had signed the Call tapped the table with her fan and Mgnified the house should come to order, by her request the orchestra Prof. Geo. Careless lead: ing opened with, inspiring music and the audience were gratified. Mrs. E. B. Wells was elected Chairmair and Mrs. Ellsworth Daggett, Secretary, A quartette composed of Mrs. Seigel, - Mrs. Woodrow, Miss Jennings and Miss St. John accompanied on the piano by .Mrs. T. J. Almy sang very effectively the song "Hard times come again no. more," the audience joining in the chorus. Mrs. F. W. Norris read very, gracefully and in a clear voice the Memorial to Congress. " Old Folks Day July 1 8, was fraught with real pleasure to those who 'PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, participated in the excursion. The day was ',-,'Salt Lake City, Utah. fine, the cars were clean, and conductors Entered at the Post OJfiee in Salt Lake City, Utah, as pleasant, and the Committee were never in tconi class matter. better spirits. The choir sang as sweetly as on any former occasion and the lemonade Salt Lake City, August i, 1893. buns and sweetmeats were as plentiful as ever. It was indeed a gala day. The EDITORIAL, NOTES. Ogden people came out in full force to escort the company to Lester Park where, of matter It is a regret that we have not tents, flags, banners, music and tables orspice this time for Rural England but hope namented with beautiful flowers and loaded we may be excused, as we have many inwith the best of everything to refresh the local matters that cannot be laid dear old people, and tempt their appetites teresting over. was prepared, and awaiting their coming; and they were willingly and gladly served Tin: 16th of July was the seventieth by the people from the several wards in and To the Honorable Senators and Me?nbers of birthday of one of our veteran sisters and near Ogden. Exercises were held in the the House of Representatives. in the Women's Associations in enpavilion, and the day was thoroughly' In the face of unparalleled disasters the Zion, Mrs. Margaret Steele, President of joyed by all, the very oldest people receivwomen of Utah, in mass meeting asthe Relief Society of the First Ward in this most attention and the the heartiest ing City. Sister Steele was early connected congratulations. It is a beautiful tribute to sembled, appeal to your honorable' bodies. We respectfully petition that at the ensuing with the Retrenchment Association in and teaches a to useful to .lesson age, special session of Congress,- - legislative which she labored several years faithfully pay the younger people of the community. measures be adopted to increase the use of and efficiently, and we ought also to menBy invitation of Sister Lucy B. Young, silver as money and enhance the; price of tion that she has been a diligent agent for the Exponent from its first issue. On her widow of the late President Brigham Silver bullion. We do not assume to speak family and of the theory which should be- - adopted or anniversary last month she received some Young several of the Young r handsome sihemeansswhicli ?should bensedW'attliiF" valuable gifts and a letter from her brother. other friends, assembled jat-heresidence1 oil Centre newfcrick "streeton these ends, but we speak from a knowledge W. A. Farquhar member of the City Counto cil' t)f Glasgow and also a shipping merchant. Monday July 10, congratulate her and of the distress and business disaster which also to be at dedication of this have already fallen upon our territory and the present We wish the dear old lady many happy returns of the day with health, peace and new home recently built. Among the this wholejntermountain egieft-fromtj The . " I " . -- . co-labore- rs -- r-- rr - : waJi3rt -r- partial tssatioirofllver mining, and which. whom Sister Young desired should offer must increase when this industry , is more ' spent life. .the dedicatory prayer, President Smith completely abandoned. Silver mining is We have received by courtesy of, the kindly consenting. The prayer was earnest almost the only source of revenue of this whole intermountain .region. The miners author, Elder Edward Stevenson, a copy of eloquent and somewhat pathetic. Congratuthe ' 'Reminiscences of Joseph the. Prophet.' ' lations from the assembled guests were consume the agricultural products, laborers A cut of the author and of the prophet fervent and sincere, and some delightful and merchants are paid by the products of music also of Hill the Cumorah and of piano Joseph, helped to, ..while away the our mines, and with the cessation of mining the 'angel delivering the golden plates to evening hours,x also songs from Mrs. there will be common and widespread dis the boy Prophet, some of the characters etc. Young's daughter Mabel, and we must not aster. Already hundreds of workiug also of liberty and Cartbage jails are forget to mention a delicious dinner which women as wejl as men, have lost situations, in all the book are and given present heartily enjoyed. Sister Young thousands of skilled laborers have been disquite natural. Elder Stevenson was very much regretted however the absence charged from our mines and with no oc with the prophet and has given air au- of several brethren and sisters Whom she and no capital, will soon have lo thentic account of what he was peisonally had expected to have as guests. It was an cupation iood tor themselves or families. A lew conversant- - with. Therefore the book 'is interesting time, and we with her many mine owners are still working their mines, thoroughly reliable. It is for sale cheap friends sincerely wish she may live" long to but with reduced force and wages, and withand Brother Stevenspn has given away enjoy the delights, the peace and the out profit, and this only to avoid the waste many copies he has agents in many happiness of her pleasant home and sur- and damage to ' machinery and resulting of the Territory. It will be of great roundings. parts mines from closing and stopping pumps; interest to those who are not acquainted even thi work continues only because of with the history of the. early days, as WOMAN'S SILVER MEETING. the hope that the price of silver may inwell as those familiar with the subject. crease so as to enable a resumption: Unless vPuRSUANTto a call for a mass meeting this advance of price comes soon the indus- IN consequence of Dr. E. R. Shipp's published in the daily papers of this City sojourn in thej:ast,she Jhasl. suspended. her 4he- helpless laborers will be discharged. If . """Obstetnc Selioofibrthe pasLyean But she ihithe Salt Lake theatre Wednesday eventhis were only temporary, or affected only has now returned after a systematic review 26. Long before the hour for one ing July of our industries, we would bear up both in theoretical and practical work in the opening, crowds of 'people were waiting for bravely, but the foundation upon which Michigan University and Hospital, ready admittance, and when the doors were our entire business structure rests is silver to resume her.labors of love in training thrown house was thev open immediately women Tor the responsibilities of nurses filled with mining, and failure brings universal diseager, intelligent looking men aster. The people of the east are assured and accoucheurs. Iii addition to her own and women.though women largely predom- that in these ability and experience as a teacher, a num- inated. appeals we are not actuated ... The platform and boxes on each false cry ber of other, leading physicians have con- side by selfish motives, or making handsomely with the stars when asking that the bitter cup be turned, draped sented to give, ocrasianaF lectures to the and werj: and when the stripes, platform was aside. They, too, are. also directly "and students upon chosen subjects; thus giving idled with the worn nf ihn n.ut--- 1 . . well-acquaint- ed meeting--ravened- 5 . 