WOMAN S EXPONENT. 106 . be solemnized' in Rome, and '(lie party would travel on the continent before returnworld I could not have endured the thought ing to England. Everything was to be of my mother knowing me neglecttfd only very quiet, and Maitiand was not to be dis. such a short time married, and my father turbed by any arrangements, that might would have been violent had he lived to be necessary to make in preparing papers see me thus, he would ha;re made Maitiand or documents. Lady Walton would be suffer or treat me differently, there would grieved to cause her son the least unhappi. have been many a stormy scene doubtless, ness. All these facts were communicated it is far better to suffer alone," while thus to Maitiand after the manner of the English' reflecting Lady Anna like most young la w, and notwithstanding Maitland's annoy- women was possessed with the one idea, her ance;he consoled himself by thinking he own trials, and uiia ware that hef father had was still more his own master, than if his been quite as cruel if not more so indeed; mother were to return alone; she would be she was so absorbed in herself, everything too much engrossed with her new conditions else was as nothing. Baby Edward was to interfere with him. But she was drawlike a young prince among the servants at ing heavily upon her banker and he began to the Castle, the old lodgekeeper and his inquire as to his own rights of interference. good dame made much of the nurse and He found that his father had settled things fondled the child in adoration almost, and a little differently to most English noblebefore the. day was over nurse Werner men, and his mother's inheritance was the heard more of the family history in many lion's share of all except the country seat of things than Lady Anna herself for trusted which he had entire control, but with the people such as these two old folks, see and understanding it was her home whenever hear much that is kept from younger memshe chose to remain there. Maitiand had bers of the household; Had Lady Anna I've been been betting: heavily of late and entertain- known of the gossip she would have kept-nurs- famous places for in a much more- extra va- and baby at her side; the coachman told, but if she once rouses Anna's stubborn Jng his comrades t too was prying around here and thereto nature, she will find the old lion in her, gant lasnion tnan usual, ne knew fie was pass the, time away, and years afterwards though so far in her life it has not been drawing largely but never dreamed his these two talked over the wonderful tale roused; I have seen enough to know that mother would marry again and their inheard that one day at Hilliard castle. the same indomitable will power that uncle terests be diyided; no provision in the will Waiting that evening when all was readv Edward had is latent in his daughter, and had hinted at another marriaee rid Mait- the Walton's must take care they don't go land had fancied his mother's love for him for the drive' home , the Walton coachman could scarcely refrain from chattering and too far; once the Hilliard blood is stirred, was the one tender passion of her lifetime. as he helped nurse to settle herself and ' one could scarcely feel safe as to results." ' He knew little about women in a general "Let us. hope my dear that all will settle sense, his companions were men, and he baby, said with a knowing wink in his eye, "great folks are som'w'at like, the down quietly, Anna has shown that she never knew much of the domestic life world o'er, they're no better than they can bear a great deal without retaliating. " own parents. He had been sent to "From Maitiand yes, perhaps from his school early and traveled abroad with a should be and it ai'ays leaks out. ' ' Nurse replied in much the same strain and the mother, but not from a third party; I adprivate tutor who was wholly, devoted to two soon found a chance to talk over the vised her not to allow the subject to come subjects apart from women, and he had gossip together, and anon the troop of ser-- : up, and I wish it never might; she is very fallen in love with an unsophisticated girl van ts , aLWaJ ton Hall were posted on, the exci table. , You asked i ust now dear,i what when quite young, and;he drew all his bMrsi;ones "about Sir Edward and Lndv a pretty woman coujd do under such circumconclusions from his own experience, for he- had neither been a great reader 'of Walton, that had been a profound secret so stances as Anna's. She mijrht devote her self to music, she plays beautifully, but character, or student of books. many years. In fact- ' " men-tnere no one "reto her is "hear Mrs. Bland interviewed her husband" on rshe though Anna worshipped him as she did.he ceives no visitors husas such her was only very common place in many resthe question of taking the Walton heir to except band ' 'the new world," and he and riot are they people he pects except that he was "well-born.- " thought that if the wants brings, her to mingle .with. She is simply Waltons opposed it there might be too much Lady Walton's marria ere ceremonv was shut from out the she is and in world, performed by Father Giuda a Roman right controversy, and it would be better for Anna to and Maitiand trying to Catholic Priest and Miss Walton the aunt and all around to let the matter rest, bego away get sides he said "I'm not sure I can undertake cnange his habits of living altogether; I was furious when the news came that any a sea voyage and for the time being Jane, wish with all my heart something would one who had ever borne the Walton name advise your cousin not to agitate, the subtranspire to induce .him to go abroad any- - should be connected with the hated Catho ject wait for circumstances to develop, see wnere almost, and whatever came of it it lics, "to think mv brother's wife should , what news will come from Mr. Harrison wouia oe a relief. " stoop so low. its a wonder he can rest in was not It until and Clair, they will not remain away many days . something his tomb, but the dead don't know I'm " mm a ucumeu and should Clair return' she would always, cnange in ail tne sure of it or many things would transpire u.a.ju. family took place. News came from Italv we never hear of." be more cheerful and her life would be quite " different, he ought to come back and look ui iaay waiton's engagement to an Italian "O don't take it so to heart " said Lady Count.: Maitiand was furious; thp after the estate, it needs a master, everyAnna pitifully, for she was generous to her from London were sent for will to and ruin under such poor the house enemies even, and Aunt Walton had shown thing go was in confusion. Aunt great left to Walton was no consideration for her, .'I'm sure Lady management, incompetent and who think of nothing but eating and people Anna in indignant a Constant Walton means it all for theJxstshe-Ava- s poor drinklest-thot ere iever excitement should be very lonely here, and she tired of society. ing." serious she said difficulty; "Poor Anna how sorry am for her she to nothing except didn't know what to do after Lord Walton's and try Maitiand persuade is so unhappy," replied Mrs. Bland, "I for death and so went abroad to forget her more man a huthoatinsr h rumor, tried my best to interest her in some way, troubles. oe noi suent. some "He's but she broods over Maitiand' s neglect, and poor rascal no r "TrpuBles-- she never had any. and-a- for uuudl-wnnever thinks of her own health; ykatlal wamtsjno occupation isn't there "plenty to do on an and thinks can come lie over from estate like this, looking after the people IhFtim xhangtT to my trol Walton and violet-eyeHall; his d bring uncle, how beautiful she was, how firm the that are employed to see that thev don't rob crew with and him, and and , her voice was as sweet as Vyouno-lark'ssport hunt; and you at every turn, ' ' said the aunt taking step, if she could only rise above it and f 11 P.ay De' nere ln this verv house, the matter practically as she was likely to. teach him a lesson, he can't mmP find some solace in life, not that I would seeing she, was a , younger member of a I m master of Walton Halt a ti-:like to see her dash into society among the n.V Aiauau family where the eldest son had inherited, ount can intrude . unon " "" frivolous butterflies of fashion, like and others were left with only a pittance. Lady this was poured out to his Walton her mother-in-lademure little wife "How do you know the dead-can- 't come O, no, she is much- . more in the far too good to live for admiration, to dance and " .IT back, Aunt Walton?" Ladv Anna uy ana by a letter came to the barrister's Jbalf- afraid to ask the inauired ana mn, ana iaie away her time amoncr th n uestion . I should f j a I like to know more than I do about such marriage with the Count SautareUi wodd. 4&atter3oftnriW 'And pray my dear what would you advise a woman tc do who is young, beautiful, and attractive, and whose husband follows the devices of fashionable life, and leaves her at home to depend on her own resources, to pass away the time; remember .people like your cousin, have no household duties, they, are simply to be waited upon, and to take no thought of their establishments, and in her case she is scarcely the mistress, though the Lady in chief is away, the Walton household would scarce recognize such a dainty young woman to control the affairs, but . Jane my dear you have never told me before. of Maitland's aunt, who is she? and why does she assume to dictate to her nephew's wife?" the Doctor his stopped short waiting for a reply from ' wife, but she knew very little about Miss Walton. "She is a spinster aunt, and puts on airs evidently, finding my cousin such a lamb-lik- e creature; possibly thinks she can make capital out of her, and-g- et her own ends gratified, find a rich husband at the seaside; bathing resorts are considered aloud," I'm not so sorry I'm alone in the - u . - " . match-makin- g e . 4 , ; of-hi- s , . .... -- - :. -- -- -- s . . 1 . ! to-wai- t - s a ,V T . W! J ""' w, . - " - 