... J :Y DAUGHTER'S SaY, where s rny " RTHUAV. iiltle baby ' Y Of twenty years ago! tl Many lonk years, I've nursed her Arid others h tve filled her place, But, still on my WOMAN'S EXQNEN - 51 tress of French, German , English and ' Museum of fine ' arts for their magnificant Italian. collection these 'pieces are all of the New ii .was at this time she w iuc Frackleton Salt Glaze which has created . ' r of "SKalakua Hawaiian Islands such a furore and ' has been heartily en- 7 instructor of Princess uc me Kaiulaui dorsed by the 'Associated Artists" of New the daughter of the KW cicW York City, . in the palace and eniovfd fnr The beautiful Punch bowl known as the most delightful climate; after the death of jLTiffany bowl" has been purchased by a wc Ptincess s mother Spnnritn A Wo Russian noble for $500.00 and goes to St. to ventrai "America nnH ctnrc ci r unvaic retersburgh Russia. yui m UUaiemaia. Ill nprvwa 'It is4eliehtful to exDerience a feehne of ance she is rather petite' W " - reciproaty and we hail the dawn of that ark' ntirl- Ainniio4- u.u i i t wvuv.nt, purpusn DiacK,com1Itt TMPYinn oiive. jne speaks with a most for the nobility of Europeafter the many pAiui iascinatinc: she accent, ii mmnnniif , ' , , wllUu Aii jf.j.o kiiai. , uiuLau3 uavc ucuilaicu LUCU ouv. m MVP 11 VPTHPfnt n ucuC1s Amonv, U'orpc irr bul( , aner inat in JJonn on the Rhine. piuc-ebbhe thinks America the place for women V ST. JOHN. to live in --who' desire a higher education . ,1 . auuiieeuom 01 progress, she savs thnt In reading: our interesting little paper the English women are not superior io American Exponent we often see the reports from women on the contrary thev are behind -. . mem in general culture and emancioation. other places but seldom anything from St. she talks most entertainingly of the customs John's, Arizona and as otir Relief Society lor. women in different countries and it was reorganized on the 4th of March, we makes the listener dad and proud that she thought it proper to report the sameT Sister Eucinda Richey was our esteemed lives 111 tree America . president for thirteen years but bein'er inMinneapolis poor health and advanced in years felt it too great a responsibility and therefore HONORS. SPECIAE tendered her resignation. She was loved for her kind and loving manner and Mrs. Frackleton, President of .the motherly counsel. Her life has been one of National Leasrue of Mineral Painters, who usefulness having raised a laree family organized the Salt Eake City China Club living mostly on the frontier, and passing some ten years ago is receiving great honors tnrougn many mats inadent to such' a at the Exposition, bhe may well be con- - life. The following wrere chosen officers of the made at her gratulated disposition AnnaJD. Kiempe President, Claudina Jen- -' sen andElizabeth N. Gibbons. Counselors pieces. The "Vikine Brotherhood Cup" which R. E. Berry Secretary, Christina Johnson she modelled from native clays troes to Asst. .Sec Hannah Jensen Treasurer. Norway, the property of Captain Anderson ' Anna EV" Anderson Ass' t. Our meetings of the Vikinsr Shin. This is a- - most are held regularly and fairly well attended. unique and interesting piece and is like We hold etings every other Thursday those used by the old Vikings a thousand our testimony 'meetings on fast days. We years ago. It is tall and delicate in form have, fifty four members own real estate with a mouth suggesting the beak.of a ves- worth $2,740. also $109.60 in property and sel and the foot pinched at the back into the $350 cash. coiled a is handle The rudder. a of form The; people here are feeling much enAbout the of emblem eternity. snake, couraged this year as we have been blessed Norse runes old incised the in band a is with rains and the gardens - and young top Lower orchards look thrifty as does also the fields , with the names of gods and heroes. runs the legend,' where crops were planted. Some did not ; ""Slaves cannot drink from me, plant as we have suffered greatly from drouth and grasshoppers the past three 1' If olice their lips receive my wine, ' That moment neither to complain of years but we have they are free! " E. R. Berry, Sec. this year. : -They drink gods bounty, ui - darling ly beautiful, from to All dimples lop toe, : bruwn-eye- ''7. ' , ya ct, memory graven Is that lovely, baby face. nnr Her smile was like an angel's, Thrilling my soul with love, J " While the halo s weet encircling her, Was pure, from her home above, ... Her httle.ft.-e-t so merrily Would "dance to tui.e and time,. - 1 1 S T . While we all'gazej in rapture On our baby so sublime. r. Her eyes! what pen could describe them? So lustrous, so bright and clear,' TVas heaven to look- - within them And her cooing voice to hear. Ah, dear to our htarts was our cherub, She seemed like an angel guest, Who had wandered from realms of glory ... 1 So we felt divinely blest. a - winsome creature Slipped out of my arms, away; From infant to merry childhood, Developing day, by diy, Then up to charming woman-hoo- d With its witching, mystic spell, 'Till now, she's a wifethis baby That I fondled and loyed so well. But this little . , Mary A. Freeze. SENORITA de AECALA. - At our state University a new chair has been "created this year it is that of Spanish and Italian Languages. The first person to fill this office is Senorita de Alcala (with the accent on, the last syllable) a woman witha nidst remarkable and varied career. . The present craze for studying Spanish is the result of the congress and reciprocity movement. This new e sat as a student in nearly the same spot 'where she now holds forth , to large and earnest classes composed of I6st graduates largely and many college pro'fes-.sor- s, There is a belief, that the senorita is of noble Spanish lineage, but it is not cer-- . tain what ner father's, rank " was. Senor Xouis de Alcala" was her father, a general under Don Carlos, her mother Mariede MoUnaborn in Granada. The child was born in Madrid and much of her childhood was spent in Granada and Arvela. The mother died when the child was seven years old, shortly afterward little Caddinbl began her wanderings under the protection of her guardian, Alphonzo displaced Don Carlos and-ffourteen years the family were in exile. The father fell in the War and the daughter came to America with her guardian, but in New York the rdiandied and Senorita was placed in a convent,after studying there for a short time, she went to Ohio, after a short stay, she came to Minnesota and entered the state University, after some years of study she returned to Europe and pursued her studies the University of Berlin and Bonn on e Rhine and took public examinations ith the men, a thing no other Spanish woman has ever done; she studied French , . ' Pan-Americ- an Pro-nc- or . , -- at Paris also Bellesletters teaching at &e same time she many private pupils, misbecame a finished classical student and ; . - ; , :- And their shackles fall!" On the obverse side are the dates of the old Norse discoveries 893 and 1893! It was the old custom before commencing A ; ' any great undertaking t have a banquet and pass the cup from lip to lip, like a sacramental cup then in consecration to " break it. The cup was used, by Captain Anderson and his crew at the great Norse banquet and will return with him "a treasured souvenir of his warm welcome to Norway. The great wine bowl which Mrs. Frackleton made for the Caravel is already on its way tOSpainhd Military Museum at; Madrid; in company witn, xne oiu vi ummau 1 cuw. "vvine and is It is an luiuicxiDt of Tind trarhnds sup rrrorQ feet. three rtPd imon a standard 5. On it is inscribed the nomi nr trip three r The Nina, Pinta llttlo xmav. flop.f vessels 01 and Santa Maria also the dates 1492 ana c iw 1 i893- - . remams m America andf has . xaiuivauia been purchased oy AA- V- ruppe. f- 1 - "There is something appalling in the : revelations of the census; the condition of the marriage relation alone would preclude happiness. Think of from forty to fifty thousand immoral women in New York patronized by five .times that number of uivun.es in iwenry iiicu, uimiwui The hundreds of thousands of years! homes ruined by drink, with 82,392 criminals in prison, and an annual production of homicides amounting to 7, 386. Besides '73,045 paupers in almshouses and a million tramps, vagabonds and pensioners, of all sorts scattered far and wide. One of the most serious signs of decay is found in the increase of insanity. Years ago it was found that society was "dying. at the top," and it was computed that one in 250 of the population were insane, but now the number ha"s been put at one in 127. New York City today has one in 300 in her asylums, and the city is' full of persons of unsound mind, rendering it probable that the estimate of one in 127 in the country at large is correct. ' De Costa. jo,iu ' l- -Dr. 