WOMAN S KXPONKNT 42 r from the established Church of his native very deed and told me on her death bed of mother's history; things we had never countrv. In conversing with him Mrs. Bland 'had gained many new ideas, and known, and some day, when we are alone much general information, in regard to the and I have time L will repeat it to you f views and opinions of the class of people you have her temperament,but your life has called Puritans. She was not prepared to been so different" "my mother's history I state positively to her cousin Anna her thought no one knew it except uncle Rob sentiments' on the subject of religious and. he would never talk of her only to belief, but said to her inadvertently on one declare "she was an angel." occasion, "we are going to sail with some of those radical Puritans; there was' no THE CHILDREN. other vessel leaving in which we could get passage." . Lady Anna was amazed, WE can never give children too many ".Why cousin Jane I have1 heard they are pleasures. Childhood shouTd be opposed to aristocracy,, they are for legitimate made as sunny and happy as unlimited love equality, and hate the British government, and tenderness aud wise indulgence can have no respect for rulers and. believe in make it. The shadows fall soon enough having all things common." "My dear cousinn dcrnor bealandmy- lmsband with all our. endeavors, make the. hard knows some of thoe men well, and he easy for the little feet we long to save. says they are honorable, honest and up- pathschildren must learn to fight their be- citizens, and brave in facing : The right,, worthy or their religious setting sins, each for himself," if they are to . danger -- or even death-fin the days to belief; such characteristics must necessarily be strong men and women come. be noble." Is there no reward that we can safely "Cousin Jane I rely, upon your judgment more than my own, your husband offer to cheer them in the contest beside the may not have the same prejudices against abstract satisfaction that comes from a the common people that Maitland has,. who sense of duty done? There is one very is as you know a patrician born and bred, potent one. In a household where love and though I confess the Doctor to be more rules, and there is perfect confidence betruly noble in character, yet the fact still tween parents and children, it is stronger do and more compelling than any that can be remains; you understand me cousin,-This is' the warm approbation not mean to offend, pardon me if I am devised. wrong, tell mecousin, for we are of one and loving approval of those in authority lineage you and I, but we are wemen and freely bestowed when it "is cleserved. We our natures are more susceptible to good- have all felt our hearts thrill at a word of ness and to purity," and I have learned durpraise from those we love. No effort has ing the last few months such bitter lessons seemed too great to win again the smile of of men's arrogance aud harshness towards pleasure, or the expression of satisfaction ' those ignobly born. " that gave such deep delight, weariness, 'I scarcely know what to answer, but we count as naught, trouble we do not impossible. few days this, that true merit must always be my recognize as such while we are striving to Arriving at Ipswich they had a to rest and recruit before going on board standard of excellence as I doubt not it is call it forth.' A few syllables of appreda- and Lady Anna recuperated considerably yours, and though you are several tion and gratitude, one ' look of love, repay which gave her friends fresh courage. younger, yet you have seen enough of us a thousandfold for all that we have done. While at the seashore, Lady JVnna 'polite society' to convince you of the If we fail, if there is no recognition of" our had time to moralize and take a restrospec-tivevieshallowness of its forms and the insincerity f efforts, no response to our mute appeal, if of her life; she had, an inmate of its votaries; you grew weary of it in one we are met with silent indifference, or perreverence for things that were pure and true short London season, and I who am natur-rally- a haps even impatient criticism' of something and utter abhorence of evil and impurity sort of prude, could not countenance .we have left undone in our haste to do all, in fact the divinely maternal nature was even ,the little glimpses .Ihad- weare aptto feel for themomeht that life strongly and delicately developcdpandliowT 'upper ten,' at. Milliard castle, even though is not very well worth living. 'Worse than ' in her more real and mature.actual life, she a in descended, this effort - than most of a looked back with a sort of horror upon the through the race Irom which Eails and us areitirequires of greater to rise above our crushing capable r r unconscious mistakes she had made through TjDdiuu . uuve. sprung. My iauier as you disappointment, and take up our daily injudicious training, and she prayed know was only a Door clenrvnian and mv burdens in that spirit of patience we ought fervently to know what would be: the mother ignored because of her marriage to to them. Our hearts harden as wisest and best course to pursue in the with one beneath her in rank, and I am a thebring us that conviction forces itself future; for she realized a new era was Conway at heart, although uncle Edward those we love, do not care forupon anything we for in which her material beginning insist I had the changes would Hilliard can do to please them, or do not think that be that would made, might prove elevating characteristics." we can do sufficently , well to merit their to herself and her husband, as well as her "You have not answeredme.satisfactorily commendation. Few of us realize what a child; these ideas and thoughts she impartcousin Jane, but-thiI know that where' we mighty spur to well doing is contained in ed to her cousin in whom she felt the most tiiw words of . loving praise, or how we sin gwiug iilics vviii oe oi small conimplicit confidence; and they - talked J tor sequence, and indeed unless one has some affainst those g nearest, to us in gether of the mode of worship in. which office under the government, we are all them when they are 'deserved. Selected. both of them had been reared, though in commoners, and Maitland's will be fact Lady Anna had no religion, (except terribly mortified should he pride be only Mr. such as her own heart dictated) but with Walton instead of Lord Walton, as for the NOTES" AND NEWS. Jane Bland it was different, she was a Doctor his title would be the same in all clergyman's daughter and knew the ritual lands; and you are too wholly unselfish Mrs. Laura Ormison Chant, went perfectly and all the outward forms and ever to think of these insignificant things on to California from the Religious Conceremonies of the Church of England; she that puzzle your frivolous cousin. You believed in the theory as taught, but she have so much within gresses in Chicago. She is filling several and I want yourself, was not bigoted nor was she prejudiced some one and wise to lean upon, if engagements there. strong against other forms or principles of religious ,j I only had a faith that would be sufficient Mrs. Lucy Stone is seriously ill. Jn doctrine, ana naa met and conversed with for my daily needs, as good old Angelina answer to many inquiries, we state that dissenters whose zeal and enthusiasm she used to tell me, I would not have these sad" is much reduced in flesh and ,, in strength, greatly admired. Her husband the good misgivings, and doubts that seem to haunt but suffers .no pain, and generally passes doctor believed in freedom of speech, and me now almost constantly." comfortable nights. .Any important change of thought, and was vigorously opposed cousin that you remember' will be '"Iam glad o the persecution of those who differed reported in the Journal, A. o Angelina's teachings, she was a Saint in Woman's Journal Sep. 3cth, The preparations were hurriedly made for leaving England by Dr.Bland and young i Lord Walton, but they were also carefully arranged, and when at last they departed with their families and belongings, there was nothing particularly affecting; they had- no near relatives to mourn only the old servants and retainers, who begged them not to go and leave their homes to strangers; lady Anna assured the faithful old people who were in charge of Hilliard castle that her brother Clair would, te a kind master if they served him faithfully, and gave some instructions, about keeping everything in good order 'till his return which she assured them would be very soon. ' Lady Walton the mother, had written Maitland and Anna wishing them "bon voyage" - and enjoining upon - them the remembrance that baby Edward was the future heir to the title and estates of the Waltons. She expressed no regrets though she knew the mighty ocean would lie between her and her only, son, who had been the pride of her life and Tor whom she had ; made many sacrifices. The excitement consequent upon leaving home and the journey in a lumbering old coach, w.as almost too much for Lady Anna whose nervous condition was always delicate, and the least unusual strain, prostrated her and gave her hysterical symptoms. Mrs. Bland had serious fears about the but having made such determined efforts to go and sacrificed much in leaving, there seemed no alternative but to persevere and make the best of whatever circumstances interposed; she knew too that her cousin would not consent to return even were it practicable, and in fact on some accounts it would be almost I your ; - J j i . . j - ; sea-voyag- . " . - 4nthe-tnost-fortunatcTltves7rzY- rve can-no- t, , 1 e, - . rs w ; . - of--th- -- e- e-I ou-tny-mot- her , 1 . ' s , with-holdh- . . " 1 