The Ri'ht!L Vol. 22.; f lhC W0"len Z'" Mi fO - Women, 'of aU Nations. SALTXAKE CITY; UTAH, OCTOBER- i,. 1893, n ' "CONTENTS: A Story. The Children In Rural England ' Notes A and News. Few Rr flections Selected. Perfection Zions Convert. ReIda IJaag. W. East. turning Home Farewell Party Ann To shed a gleam of flickering light Through all the dark that lies before. And all tne st come back once more,-Anall the dead1 things live again, And footsteps echo on the floor, 1 : THsrTeyrr'.R;. S. and Slavery Ann E. Neal. Obituary Sarah C. Cox. Editorial. New Zealand Leads. A PIeasant Memuiiam Mercy R. Jurneyand-Visiw- In " Thompson. AI- Poetry. Eo!ean E. L. G. iaif-wa- y Union--iimy-Kpur- tsT: : beitBigelow. To Sarah Nb. 6. Aloifa. , And-- l d agereagAjnjUhe.paiie., - And now I try so hard to catch, A whisper from the forms that pass,-Ttouch the hand that lifts the latch, TheTli pTlhattr embl ewth eglassT o . And seek to check the rising tears For sweet 'dead joys and loved ones gone, b or memories that like the years Come drifting on come drifting on. through the gloom ' Comes stealing in the gray of dawn, The shadows scurry from the room Till all are gone. .EOLEAN. My fire bums low, but heard the wind and I listened low; The .wind from the South, and mv heart 'was light. And I smiled to hear it blo v and blow, As it fanned my cheek to a burning glow, And my eyes were tearless and bright. Youth danced in. the wind; Joy laughed in its face; I ; And morn is here the storm is past, The room is filled with ruddy day; But on my head is drifting fast The snow that never melts away.' Grief lingered behind, Nor found there a place. IN RURAL ENGLAND. piness for which , I' have so constantly, yearned. Never having known a mother's love, nor that of a sister or; brother while a child until Clair came, how could I understand what others, knew and enjoyed. ' . -- Her cousin replied "My dear Anna ; do not dwell upon these sombre facts, let us forget all that is gloomy and harrowing in the past, and look to the future for better things than we have known heretofore, although I must not repine or murmur even of .the past, for my early home life was very happy and indeed when I came to my uncle Edward's everything was so new and remarkable that looking back Upon it now, it is like a fairy tale, and I cannot but realize the wonderful lessons I learned of human nature in its various phases, out of the real book of life, and these incidents and experiences will help me to improve myself, and make me wiser and more helpful to others' than I could have been had I not been brought in contact with so many practical and puzzling enigmas." "Seriously cousin Jane do you think wre shall ever come back herd, and visit these old, dear old places again?" ''''. "If Clair does not come to America and settle you might perhaps visit him here if things prosper and he improves this property, but if he is gay and reckless and neglectful of the responsibility and the title he. bears, there is not money enough to keep the estate unembarrassed and he may lose it, in that case what disposal would be made of the old castle and grounds would be difficult to tell, was x the reply of the sagacious cousin. "Clair is in good hands now, cousin Jane" said Lady Anna "Uncle Rob will educate him in . habits of life that will be . beneficial in the managem entjsf jthe oldL rum as wen as nimseir, ana tiair is tne d boy, so fond of music dearest, and of everything beautiful, and x Uncle Rob is the best friend to us all isn't that so? You know now lona ne was ot you, i : am sure if you had not been engaged to the luviui, uc wuuiu udvc luauc u j.ui jlucu unci , of his heart and hand, but that's all past and Uncle Rob will never marry he told me so, besides ne is getting old, nis nair is turning grey; but you have never a word to say about him since he left, nor do you ask ' a question of me concerning their travels though I'm sure you must be in- XXXIV. In leaving one's ancestral home there must be many peculiar feelings, especially when it is severing such ties forever, as in the case of Lady Anna Walton 7Hilliard. Although at the time of her marriage she heard the wind, and my head was bent To catch the breath of the free wild west, It brought t lovely freightage sent, The fragrance of flowers in sweetness blent; The perfumed flowers, Ifove the best Love came in the wind And entered my breast, I ai-its- cared little, for the old castle, afterwards ner whole being (as it were) had undergone an entire change. Now when about to leave it forever she felt keenly how happy I heard the wind and I turned my face she might have , been there had she tnly o.J?el th.ejt.ouch of the Eastern Jlast,---.;known the lessons she had more recently And I shivered and shrunk in my smallest space learned. But these experiences only came ' As I felt the chill of trace-Awith the years that roll on forever in quick d h ea rd it b u rryingpTst. and youth and hope were Grief came in that wind- - succession,in j her heart at the time of her sanguine And entered my heart marriage and the ideal picture of love and Love loitered behind happiness, were the allurement that shut out And sought to depart. for the time the realities of life, and made 'I heard the wind though my head lay low her forgetful of the happiness she might have made for herself after her cousin Jane I felt the North wind blow on me; was installed in. the castle as chief in all And I wept and moaned as I heard it blow While it fury drove me to and fro departments under her father. She rebelled in her heart against everything except Too blinded and sad to see. wrhat ministered to her own selfishness in Death came in the wind the affairs of love, and seemed to realize no . No power could save, home duty or obligation. And hope was consigned In speaking to her cousin one day at the To the depth of the grave. old home, she remarked, "should I ever E.L. G. have a daughter how different her training and discipline shall be to what mine was, drilled almost in deception by those under whose tutelage I grew up without anything HALF-WAreal, taught to look upon all authority as inBIGELOW. BY ALBERT hardship, petted and scolded, never structed in anything useful or elevating; The years that steal our yourrraway not even moral lessons given me until you Come drifting on come drifting on came my dear cousin to open my eyes to a Like snowflakes that endure a day new .world of thought and activity, and And then are gone. "j" then it was top late, I was so deeply in love Upon the hearth is blazing bright with Maitland, that I was willing- - to risk An open fire- - I sit and dream, all, and give up home and friends for his And think how far into the night society alone. How nave 1 Deen repaid, . And storm its ruddy glow doth stream. but now away from England with all its temotations. in a new land we shall surely And then, within my heart tonight,; w enjoy that sweet tranquility and home hap The flame of youth flares up once more, Grief lingered behind; I deemed myself blest, n -- : . . : - Y. ' ' X..' good-nature- . : J ' . . terested." During this long colloquy Mrs. Bland ' . - ' but at had been perfectly name of Rob Harrison the mention of the thrilled a cold, tremor through her frame and she could scarcely stand, she remained' silent not knowing scarcely herself the cause of her discomposure, but for the first time for months she recalled the dream of the great forest, the sea, and the ship coming in, which had so impressed her at the time; and she regretted that her cousin , Would have called up Uncle Rob, just as they were trying to be cheerful and shut out from memory all the former scenes and occurences that would aggravate and depress them when saying their last goodbye; to the land of their nativity. self-possessed, 