WOMAN'S . - . ; . . , .. , un-Americ- com-misio- ' . , 1 in Chicago. v SPRINGVILLE W. S. A. . A monthly meeting of the W. S. A. convened March ioth, called to order by the President, S. A. Boyer. After the usual preliminaries, Don C. Johnson was the first speaker on the programme, "In the 1 an, .. 1 " said many things worthy of note. Profes- there was a great reward to be gained sor Lynes spoke, by invitation, of the presi-den- t. by being diligent. Sister Fox recited ,a In his remarks he said he considered verse that came to her mind, which was it a greater prilege to be able, to vote for a appropriate for the occasion. president thanJ be one. Considered his Bishop Lewis spoke, concerning the wife as competent , to fill that position as Dedication of the Salt Lake Temple, he wa s himself and in many respects better. He pleased to have the sisters visit us. Brotbrought up many instances in regard to vot- her Laron Andrews made sdme very good ing that are an outrage, compared the ig and instructive remarks. Brother Lewis norant foreigner with many of our educated retry oore ms iesiimonyjo me irutn ui sons before they, are twenty one, and our 'what had been said in meeting today, he educated women who are not allowed to also spoke of the good instructions that had vote, nor have a voice in who shall teach been given in the Priesthood meeting, spoke of the benefit of the Relief Society in each their children; considered it urged women to educate themselves for the ward. Brother Laron Andrews encouraged time when' they can have the franchise; all to treasure up the good counsel and in-- . said that the women of Utah should not structions that had been given ;in this conallow the constitutional convention to conference, said our heavenly Father knew the vene when Utah is admitted without having secret feelings of every heart; bore a strong presented a petition to that body. The testimony of the truth of this Latterday work. president said she was delighted with the Conference wa. adjournecl for three months. Benediction by Brother Nephi Clements. information imparted to us, and it was Laura Lewis Sec. gestive of what can be accomplished by .... cultivating the' intellectual ..faculties and... . to in wishes our subservient making them SAVONAROLA. whatever direction we wish to drift, hoped that when a state convention convened, the THE FLORENTINE REFORMER. women of Utah would be posted on these matters sufficiently that they' will be will. Concluded.) constitutheir in clause ing to engraft this On the 1st of August 1489 when he had n tion and thereby avoid the agitation its would entail. Yours in the cause of consented to preach where greater numbers might find room, the church was so truth. crowded that people laying hold of the iron A Subscriber. . railings hung from them as well as they could in their desire to hear. It was then R. S. REPORT. he preached upon a passage in Revelations. V".';'.v's. Three things he suggested that created a ONEIDA STAKE. furore. "That the Church of God required Minutes of the Second Quarterly con- renewal and that immediately, Second that ference of the Relief Society of the Oneida all Italy should be chastised. Third that this should soon come to pass." Stake held at Oxford, March 5th, 1893 The excitement produced was very, great. Stake President Elizabeth Fox presiding. ' The choir sang, 'The Glorious Day of The Florentines were totally unused to the Promise," prayer by Brother Charles natural eloquence of a preacher who rejected Crowshaw, singing. Minutes of the first all traditions and poured forth floods of Conference, which was held in Weston, fiery words inspired by his subject possessed Dec; 4th, 1892, were read and approved. by what he had to say, too much in earnest Verbal-reports were then given by the ward - to think of taste, literature or style or anything except that with which he was bound presidents, Amanda Lewis Oxford, Elizato tell his auditors, and which to them and beth Clark Weston, D. E. Dudley Clifton; very good reports were given of to him is a matter of life and death, '"'this is the wards represented. ' Mary J. Hendricks at all times a wonderful and impressive No simulation can attain the counselor to President Fox made a few respectacle." marks and Brother W. D. Hendricks said same effect, the fervor may be vulgar, it may be associated with narrow .... views and a he was with his mother at the first organization of the Relief Society, remembered ;and limited mind, but wherever it exists in great related some of the instructions given by or small in learned or unlearned, the man the Prophet Joseph Smith: Mary A. Boice possessed by it has a power over his fellow-me- n which nothing else can equal. Savonbore her testimony to the truth of this work. Bishop R. Lewis felt that it "was arola's whole soul was concentrated upon the good to convene in Conference, encouraged, real evils around him, and riveted upon the sisters in well doing invoked God's Florence in particular, the sins, strifes, blessing on all organizations of the Latter-da- y frauds and 'violence; she was' enslaved and Saints. Choir sang "God is Love," corrupt and the preacher's soul was burning with the extravagant love of civic freedom, Benediction by Brother Laron Andrews. Afternoon session:- - The choir Sang, he loved her and he could not endure the "Sweet is Thy Work," prayer by Brother shame of. her impurity. ., JBurlamacchi says Lewis Petty, singing, "Go Search in the the grace of God appeared in the lofty words . - ' 133 ; ; -and -- life and character of Napoleon ; " among Depths , " sacrament administered by the many good things he said was this, "Tellf Elders. The choir 'sang a sacramental me whatkind of a character a man is and I hymn. President Fox addressed , the will tell you what kind of a mother he had gregation; spoke concerning the missions and proved that the greatest men have all had come upon this earth to. - perform ; risen from the humblest ranks of society.'! thought mothers .that had attended the Relief Society would have the right spirit The next speaker was our School Superintendent Morgan "On Ihe life of Henry by which to teach and control their child-en- ; gave very good instructions to all,, felt Clay." He said that in looking over the history of men, he divided them into three we should all be up and doing, that we classes, great in morals, great in thought, might be prepared to meet the Savior: when' and great in action, considered Napoleon He comes on earth to reign. Counselor great in action but not a conscientious and Mary J. Hendricks' felt to endorse- - the moral man, as compared with Henry Clay; counsel and instructions of President Fox, EDITORIAL NOTES. No doubt the readers of our precious little paper think some apology necessary for the delay in the delivery, and we think so too,although we feel sure that all interested in the success 'of the Exponent, and the women of Utah generally would excuse the remissness if they could be definitely in- -' formed of the circumstances that have caused it. Patience good friends for a short time jwith the difficulties and embarrassments, and excuse shortcomings that are unavoidable as you would wish your friends to excuse you, were you in a like or similar dilemma. When you come to Conference call at the Office and we trust all may be satisfactorily explained. We must again ask pardon for omitting the- chapter of the story "In Rural England. ' ' There are so many home topics to be discussed just how that the space is almost entirely 'given to suclr matters, and the World's Fair topics which" are of particular importance at present. We have also on hand notices of meetings and reports that we hope to publish soon; several obituaries that are waiting in the editor's desk; but the people who have sent them will, we hope, consider that we can only use a limited amount of space for certain things as there are' so many subjects; and it is very desirable to keep a record of woman's work in the Relief Society and other organizations for benefit,' helpfulness,: advancement, &c. Indeed had it not been for the Exponent, to which we can refer on many matters that concern women, we could scarcely ha ve; accomplished what has been done for the World's Fair; and for this and other good and sufficient reasons, the sisters, who are laboring, in, various departments of work and in the societies and associations, should not only help to sustain the paper by subscription but should preserve the papers so as to have them for reference. , We are quite sure that our readers will be interested in knowing that our sisters of the Relief Society organized upon the Sandwich Islands have, under the direction of their very' clever and energetic President Mrs, Libbie Noall. made a handsome and rather expensive gift to the Salt Lake Tem ple. The contribution consists ot one hundred and sixty hand made bamboo fans and two white feather Kahili's, the work of "The the native sisters exclusively. Kahili's anciently were made from the feathers of birds held saered by the Hawaiians were forbidden to be used outside the Royal family, and only very recently have they consented for other kingdoms to purchase them even at the exorbitant price of fifteen hundred dollars each. We shall have more to say of these articles hereafter. It is certainly present and something quite unique. On. account of the recent troubles in the Hawaiian kingdom r there will be no exhibit of the natives' work or curiosities at the Columbian Exposition EXPONENT; , -- :' ' ' "',' : 5 -- j 