WOMAN'S HXrONKNT, Proviso. It did not become a .law,' but its friends formed themselves into a new party with Kx President Martin Van B ure n as their Presidential candidate in 1S4S. This was the beginning of the Free Soil Party and was composed of seceders from both Whigs and Democrats and was the . foundation of the future Reoublicdn mrtv. The Demo- prats nominated Lewis Cass the Whigs peneral Zachary Taylor ' who. was elected by a large majority. ti Oi tjie 20th of Dec, 1849,1 California asked to be admitted as a free state. This caused a violent dispute in Congress and the United States. The slave states opposbeing ing the measure. John C. Calhoun ' one of its most bitter opposers. Henry ed a in bill Congress,-offerClay then six acts; first was the admission of California as a free state; second the formation of new states out of the Territory of Texas, to permit or exclude slavery as the people should decide; third the organization of the Territories of New j North.- , ng . ? Mexico and Utah without any conditions in respect to slavery; fourth, the establishment of the present boundary between Texas and New Mexico and the payment to the former for the surrender of the latter, the sum of ten millions of dollars; fifth, the enactment of a more vigorous law for the recovery of fugitive slaves; sixth, the abolition of the slave trade in the District of Columbia. This Omnibus Bill, as it was named, became a law and was called the compromise of 1850. This for a time stilled the troubled waters of Politics. A great influence was everted in the y literature that North by the time was published at this Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stoive's "Uncle Tom's Cabin," having by tar the widest circulation and the greatest influence. It took the heart of its' readers by, storm, arousing them - to - made to settle the slavery 4820 which-waquestion for all time north of Lat. 36 30. This opened the way for a renewal of all the bitterness of sectional strife, both parties rushing into the ,new states, as fast as possible to secure a majority of voters, a civil war ensued and Kansas was the battle ground, The agitation spread to all of United the States and in 1856 beparts came the issue upon which the people divided. Many Northern Democrats although opposed to slavery, firmly believed that the people of every Territory ought to s whether they would have slave Territory or not. On these issues James Buchanan was elected, the Northern and Southern Democrats being in a lare majority. Immediately aitei the inauguration came the Dred Scott decision. Dred Scott, a slave had removed with his master to .Illinois and afterwards in 1836 to Minnesota where he married a negro woman who had been bought hvJ hi mr;tpr liol ..v. . . TW liuU O two cnnaren; men tiie whole family was brought back to St. Louis and sold., Dred sued for his freedom, Iu May 1836 the -- . ; -- 11 In October 1859. John Biown an jabolitionist of the most extreme character, who had removed from Connecticut and settled in Kansas, made an attempt to incite an insurrection among the slaves. With a party of twenty one men he made an attack upon the United States Arsenal at Harper's Ferry, captured the place and held it for two days. The National troops and the Militia of Virginia were called out to suppress the revolt. Thirteen of Brown's men were killed, two escaped and six with John Brown were captured, given over to of Virginia where they were tried, condemned and hung. All of these events tended to make matters worse between the North and South. The controversy continued in Kansas but the free soil party increased so fast that it was soon certain that it would become a free state. of - holding the 19th, The time Presidential election was at hand and intense feeling was aroused in all parts of the Union. There vere four candidates. The Republican party nominated Abraham Lincoln, and in their platform of principles "exterminate the pledged themselves-ttwin relics of barbarism, slavery and the-authoritie- . - Sarah aiiiAiui L.atter G. Cox, President. LADIES' ATTENTION. ., Tiik unparallelled success that has at-tend- by-al- l -w- s in-qui- ry Mrs. M. C. Howes, Genl. Manager. R.K THOMAS : ' 26, 28, 30 and 32 Ea5t 1st South Sf., SAhT LAKE CITY j The Leading Retail Oasli ' j TT011 sc .K.THGMB.S j ' effwt--hi-Tirt-Tvr- j 1 j' proclamation issued on the 22nd of Sept. 1863. Ridpaths HistcrT of U. S. Appendix G- - I I i - Thus by blood and groans and tears of anguish, Avas the Union preserved and the dark stain of negro slavery erased from the face of our fair Republic. March 6th, 1893. Ann E. Neal. ; Keeps on Hind -- j See Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation ; DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY; EQUIPOISE WAISTS, ETC. flrea JIaklnr Btylp, IfntN and 1NU- - s - ISonuett cleaned and dorc latei retftomed to order. But I O. ; Qpp. Grant Bros. Stables. I I .... The Relief Society. of Price has been called upon to part, within the last four ears. with four of our belovtd sisters who were faithful to air requirements madev of them in living their rehgin, they passed through the trials and tribulations the saints have been called to through from time to rime, departed thi-- life pas and wth the assurance of a glorious resurrection The last one was our beloved Sister Mary Bryn- r who died Sep. 1st, 1893 of dropsv at her daughter's honn-- , Sisur Pauli e paCe of this p'ace. She left her home in Zurich Switzerland tor the Uosptl s sake, in company with her blind husband and one child in the year 1856 and asa. Mllllnerji t.ns covered whi'e jrou wait. Uurlal Salt a Special! TvTi WEST TEJIFLE STIlEET. AA Q Dr. ELLIS OBITUARY. In all its branches, Feathers cnr!eL etc. Stamping: j ' ed use of the hViaviM Home ladies who have tried it is the treatment sufficient proof to every unprejudiced mind that it is one of the greatest discoveries of the age; and an unqualified boon to suffering women Ladies, -- if you otild-enjoy perfect health yourselves and" transmit 'a healthy and robust vitality to your, children investigate this remedy, and give it a trial! You will not be disappointed in results. Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, a physician of seventeen years practice in Salt Lake City endorses the treatment; and will in the near future, lecture on its merits throughout the territory. Correspond or make Ladies only in attendance. freely. Utah Headquarters 176 State St. Room 16. ' after only three days debate a resolution was :nassed in that cipitated the war to. the emancipation of nearly four millions of slaves. .vvi u ..- - Pri f, Sep. 21, 1893. ' - polygamy." The Democratic convention met at Charleston, South Carolina. The delegates were divided on the question of slavery and after much debate the Southern delegates finding that the Northern Democrats were going to nominate Stephen A. Douglas the advocate of popular sovereignty they with- drew and later met and nominated John C. JBreckenridge for President. Mr. Lincoln was elected. The South claimed that his election justified them in seceding from the Union, therefore on the. 17th of Dec, i860, a convention assembled at Charleston and indignation, then melting, them to sadness by its vivid portrayal of slave life. It wns trnrmlatpd - intn hvpntv dif?frpnt languages. In 1S54 Senators. A. Douglass of Illinois introduced the Kansas-- 4 and Nebraska bill into the Senate, which provided that the constitution of these states shniild- allmv thf reori1f to decide for them selves, whether the new states should be free or slaveholding. The bill became a -- w v. "ji Saint. day o anti-slaver- lawvirtuaUyrepealingUhecompro - was1 ceu-tur- y . in--eludi- mother in Israel has passed through many trviric ordea's; she has lelt to mourn her loss two strand three. daughters, her second son is absent on a mission at the present time to his native Switzerland; he, also leaves twentj-cn- e living ;rar.dchildrtn and numerous friend as sh- beloved by all; she was cheerful and calm to the appealed to the .Supreme Court of the ,United States, when? after, three years delay, a decision was rendered against him; Chief Justice Taney in speaking before the court declared that "for more than a before the adoption of the Constitution a negro whether bond or free had no rights that a white man was bound to respect." This decision and declaration added fuel tp the flames of ' opposition to slavery in the case SURGEON AXD ACCOUCHEUR. K.SI1IPP . DlMeane of Women a Specialty. Instructions upon these subjects; two cteS( iotn taught yt arly, beginning respectively Oct. students and Aoril 10th. Reviews given to former free of charge. For particulars enquire personally or by letter at No. 18 Main St., Salt Lake City- - (DflGGiE c. sHiPP, ffl- - 0- - ; Will commence her next class in Obstetrics and Nursing about the middle of October. Office, 34 .y East 5tri SoutHi 