WOMAN S EXPONENT- - 18 country, of which they were a dominant part. Lady Anna was delighted when her cousin gave her the first intimation of going to an unknown country, and exclaimed "O, Cousin Jane, let me go away from this dreadful place where I. have known only misery and. discontent, I fancied love such as I hoped, to obtain in " marriage, would crown my life with supremehappiness .but how vain were all my foolish dreams; how selfish I was; I could have done so much to make Hilliard castle a - happy home for my father in his declining-years- , and made up to him his great loss and bereavement, for my mother's death; and my brother Clair had we known in my e of his existence could have father's relieved him of the burdens of the estate; Or why can't we know these things in time and save ourselves and others so much J unhappiness." 'The good Father has hot so ordered it, my dear" cousin and. we must submit to his interposition and acknowledge his Hand in air that comes to us here, whether it is as we would wish it, of otherwise. We are not the arbiters of our own destiny, and if we were, I question whether we should plan as well as our Heavenly Father does for us in all matters." "Dear cousin Jane, how good you are, and how wise; I am not fit to battle with life, I need the faith and trust in a higher power that you possess, and I know not how to gain it, what shall I do to reach that confidence in a divine power that you have attained? teach me how to rise out of this doubt and gloom that gathers round me like a cloud, and obscures all that is beautiful, shutting out the Jigh -- be absent for years, anU indeed never return again, and the great responsibility and the giving up of position in the country 0f an impression that his ahcestry-iriad- e brought him to his sober senses, and he looked upon the past few years of his life as an almost unpardonable mistake, and folly in the extreme. well for iis all that in the economy of heaven we are kept iti ignorance of the future, or it would often be impossible for us to walk fearlessly into the fiery furnace of trial as we 'do, we would need greater faith and superior knowledge to enable us to live out the allotted time here .upon earth " were we thus forewarned. 'Mrs. Bland and her cousin made the tour. J of thedear old castle and grounds more than once taking note of everything of special interest not only for memory's sake, but that they might tell it all in detail to It is children-i- n thpir come; vears-to- " TOOKLE STAKE PRIMARY. As-f- or- " Children, beautiful and noble! $y our father you are 'lent; From his high and he ly mansion Each to be a faithful Saint; Here to learn both light and wisdom, And your minds with truth instil Here on earth a faithful mission Each of you must nobly fill. Walton Hall the only feeling Lady Anna had was to forget she had ever lived in it; she could not take into consideration the fact that it was the inheritance of her 'son, that he would succeed to the title in timelier ideas and sentiments all centered now in in your early lives beginning, Hilliard castle and that would belong to Day by day to learn the truth, Clair. There was no one who interested Shunning evil ways, and sinning her in the matter and she was left to her Scatter sunshine in your youth; own surrriisings; she - had never alluded Gather pearls of understanding, to her cousin Jane to the insinuations of Kernels glean of golden grain, Maitland's aunt, "but it worried her, and Listen to the wise, commanding when one morning her maid informed her You to shun the paths of pain. that some of the servants had seen a strange woman about the galleries; she shivered Well we know that tears and sorrow with nervous dread, and could scarcely Ever come from evil doing, confears. She her from betraying keep Look ye" forth then to the morrow soled herself with the thought that she Ever righteous works pursuing, would soon be far away, and then secondFor true knowledge be thou reaching, her cousin's arily remembering prophetic Seek a noble life to live, nature ordered the carriage to drive over, Heed thou then the earnest leaching, and see her and impart the secret that Faithful parents ever give. advice. her mind,andaskher weighed upon in the day Mrs. Bland Parents, teachers too are ready Arriving early E'er your youthful feet to guide, suspected something wrrong, and besides And your tottering form to steady; " Lady Anna jwas pale with excitement . Wba is dthe imatter with you cousin,v is LeaJing you to Fathers side, andiieavmgvme -- enveloped inthejolarkhess' And he too, in tender mercy . baby Edward ill?" after the first greetings .r of despair." , were exchanged was her cousin's first E'er will heed your fervent pray'rs, 'You must not give way to such fancies For he hears the cry of ravens thought. "O, no but Aunt- - Walton once Anna, you are not to blame, rest assured Jnnted ta 'mejhat And has;numbered all your hairs. "" we will .see -- happier- days, meantime -- busy about Walton Hall, and that had He will help you, if you ask him yourself with needful preparations, and been seen there, but I tried notghosts to believe To be wise, and good and strong, leave Maitland to the Doctor's persuasive it, because she was always trying to induce .Obedient to parent's counsel, arguments." me to go here and there making all kinds And for the time Lady Anna was pacified And to shun the paths of wrong, of pretexts." and let things take their course. Aunt In the spring-timof existence, Walton becoming convinced that Anna Plant the seeds of truth, and light "Depend upon it cousin Anna this is would not go to the seashore, left the Hall servant's gossip, there's not an old castle or That will bring a bounteous harvest, in all England that has not at some-- . to seek new fields, and Maitland was more hall Fruits and flowers to greet thy sight. mindful of home and set about winding time or other had a rumor like this circulaE'er be gentle with each other- from ted by superstitious servants." And by up his affairs, taking advice Love and kindness bring most joy Doctor Bland who had approached him" in a such good reasoning Lady Anna's fears Honor father dear, and mother were allayed for the time being, and she way that secured his confidence at puce. Never worry, nor annoy, Such were .some of the peculiar con- returned home in better spirits, the fresh Think how they have watched and loved ditions that brought to America in early air and invigorating helpfulness of cousin Since a helpless babe you came, times, people of education and delicacy of Jane lifting her from thetemporary desPure and innocent from Heaven, feeling and sentiment. That there was a pondency. In her childhood her maid and Beaming as a brilliant flame. design and purpose in all these things we even her French' governess had allowed who live in this dispensation firmly believe. her to read queer stories, and she recollected Then, O! seek to give them comfort, When Doctor Bland and young Lord Walthat these apparitions were said to make" By becoming good, and great ton talked the matter over together of going- their appearance when some went Wnf e'er in paths of virtue,-into a new country, and took counsel how was to transpire in the family, and she had ,VValkTng As you reach to man's estate, kest to proceed, half the difficulties and immediately construed this to mean disaster Work and study faith and prayer. embarrassment that had seemed oositive of some serious nature; but' her cousin's Lead to wisdom, light and truth, obstacles were removed and the way seemed confidence had given her oourageanoU she Then dear children," have a watch care, renectear that were it really an omen it tip- before them--Tdil'lnlhole Seek O! seek these in thy youth: days there were many inconveniences to might only be the important fact of Maitencounter that those who travel now know land and herself leaving Walton Hall forThus you'll gain the greatest pleasure nothing of, and to these ladies they were ever. It was comparatively easy for DocGreatest joy, and comfort know hardships; yet Lady Anna had often tor Bland to dispose of his property and Light,' and wisdom, without measure thought if she were on a desert island with wind up his affairs, though it necessitated a , Father's willing to bestow, Maitland by her side and baby in her arms journey into the North of England to bid And at last, an exaltation, to do as she pleased with, she could be his relatives farewell. With With his righteous Saints above, young Lord happy. She little knew what it really Walton things were more complicated, his . Giving endless life Salvation! of fortune as she was) to be mother did not oppose him, he, was meant, (child glad of :, In that holy home of love. :jz-r.:-- -; of deprived any luxury, worse still to that, and he felt; Dr. Bland would be a wise Lovingly, rougn it m a land of red men and un- - counselor and true friend, but there were R. SM s life-tim- 4 i. 1 . 1 . J - e K 1- -- j . " you I , - -l- a-open trodden forests. y ilEEf. JM jdjusMight- ' - Ellis Janerth, 1893. . 