WOMAN S EXPONENT 50 and Kansas for constitutional amendments to enfranchise the women of those states, will be watched with interest by all friends of Equal Rights, for a victory for them will have more than local significance, the cause is surely marching onward to success in spite of indifference and opposition. f In conclusion I wronld say, that although circumstances prevent me from meeting with you on this occasion, yet I am with, you heart and soul for the good wrork, and I have never for a moment lost faith in the result. We have many difficulties to meet and obstacles to overcome which you do not have and foremost among them is the lack of funds. The'membership fee has in many instances been literally the widow's . mite and the only obtained by sacrifice of personal comfort, while many who have abundant means also "have all the rights they want." We cannot afford to stop now with the goal almost in sight but eternal vigilance is the price of liberty, and we who have accepted the new gospel of Equal Rights, must labor with untiring zeal for the redemption of the masses. . Indifference is a far greater foe to the cause than opposition, but both will melt away like snowi before a summer sun in the dawning light of the twentieth century. Yours for Equality before the Law. Oct. 3, 1893. A. L. Cox, Co. W. S. A. , President Sanpete . life, while traveling with the Battalion and 'C1w. m TTfnli uuvs rf in me cuny ,ln-uiau, one Ttossevpc a wonderful memory, is full of faith; in all her life she has taken no medicine, 'when-- ' ever sickness overtakes her, she follows the law given in the "Book of Covenants. life and age are a proof to us,' that blessed are those who believe and rely upon the - address made many strong points in favor 'of woman suffrage. This was followed by a well written P. paper on the same subject by Mrs. Julia M. Farnsworth; Mrs. E. B. Wells read an article written for the convention by Mrs. A. L. Cox, President of W. S. A. for Sanpete County and made some remarks concerning the National organization, and the condition of wonjen in general and , especially Utah women. the of call to the Meeting adjourned,' ' President. Neixie .Little,. Rec. Sec. a 'W Lord. She testified to us that she knew that: Eliza R. Snow and Zina were women of God, they had blessed her and-- ' their promises had been verified. She rejoices that in all her life her substance has '' not beeri'witheld but has been freely given or a portion of it for the establishing of our Father's kingdom; she lias spent a number of years in California visiting her three -J D.-Youn- -- , U. W. P. CLUB. , self-deni-al , ! UTAH W. S. A. At an executive session of the Territorial ; W. S. A. of Utah held in the 14th Ward Assembly Hall Oct. 5, 1893, the following officers were placed in nomination and '' elected. Emmeline B. Wells, President, Emily S. Richards, 1st Vice President, Julia P. M. Farnsworth, 2nd Vice President, Caroline E. Dye, 3rd Vice President, Nellie Little, Rec. Secretary, Augusta W. Grant, Cor. Secretary, Ruth M. Fox, Treasurer. Phoebe Y. Beatie, Chairman executive committee, Elizabeth McCune, Margaret A. Caine, Romania B. Pratt, M. Hughes Cannon, Emma Empey members. ? May Wells, Chairman Pub. Com Iula Greene Richards and Annette Culmer members. Eliza A. Bennion and Susie W. Bennion, Auditing committee. The reports of the secretary and treasurer were read and accepted. Salt Lake, Weber and Box Elder Counties were represented by their delegates, respectively, President Nellie C. Taylor, Salt Lake, Elizabeth R. Stanford, Weber,' and Alvira Reese, Box This interesting organization met as per slaughters there. She has left her testimony with ajournment, at the Woman's .Exponent B. Mrs. .E. there who would perhaps not have Office, September 30th, 1893, . Wells in the chair. Prayer was offered .by Mrs. Ruth M. Fox. Minutes of the August meeting were read and the roll call was responded to by a goodly number of members. consisted of selections V from favorite male authors. ' Miss Patterson gave a selection from Mrs. R. M. Fox, Matthew Arnold. Byron's "Farewell to His Wife !' Mary Freeze "Life's Lesson," from the pen of our local poet 0. F. Whitney. Mrs. Bassett sang in her usually pleasing manner, the ballad, "In Sunny: Spain." "The Rainy Day, " from Longfellow was read by Miss G. Woodmansee followed by Mrs. Lvdia Alder who chose "What is Life," from Whitney's AVofks. Dr. Ellis R. Shipp chose "Morituri Salutamus" from Longfellow an address to his class mates, stating its being a poem which had greatly influenced her life. Whittier's ' 'Question of Life, ' ' was given by Dr. R. B. Pratt. Mrs. E..W. Hyde, a selection from O. F. Whitney,' entitled "Truth." Thjspart of the program was completed by the reading of "Byron's Dream' by Mrs. E. B. Wells. Mrs. Bassett then favored the club with another musical selection which was much enjoyed. The program for October to consist cf papers and verbal descriptions of the mystical rites of Halloween, and the Annual- election of officers for the ensuing . year, to be elected by ballot. Refreshments were served interspersed with the usual pleasant chat, and at a reasonable hour the club ajourned. Gladys Woodmansee, Rec. Sec. The programe - . ' many "heard the sound of the gospel only through her. The music rendered by Mrs. Nellie C. Hunt was most beautiful. Some ' . , lines composed for the occasion by her granddaughter Mrs. Annie Hunt Kertchner were read and brought tears to grandma's eyes. As we gazed at the tall erect form of .her who had lived so long, we were led to e of all the severe trials of morthat tal life have failed to make her bow to them, neither have they caused the brain to weaken, she hath proven herself stronger than all. Mary J. West. con-elud- . CASTLE GATE EMERY STAKE. Editor Exponent: V The Bishopric of Castle Gate Ward organized, the Relief Society on Sunday Sept. 24, 1893, there were present of the Stake Presidency of the Relief Society Sisters A. U. Larsen and Ann Pulsipher. The-foliwing sisters were set apart ta-ac- t as officers. Sebelia Evans, Prest. Jane Cox and Elizabeth Young, Counselors, Lucy Reese, Sec. Annie Kimber, Treas. Remarks were made by Sisters Larsen; and Pulsipher showing the duties of officers and detailing their work, sb that by following out the instruction given all would go hand in hand to do good and build up the ' T Kingdom of God. The Primary Association was also or-ganized on the same day, there were present of the Stake Presidency .of the Primary Association, Sisters Mary A. Washburn and M. Howard, the following sisters were set apart to fill the necessary offices. BIRTHDAY PARTY. Annie Kimber, Prest. M. R. Cox and Catharine Goold, Counselors, Elizabeth Editor Exponent: Young, Sec. H. I. Cox, Treas. Remarks were made by Sisters WashOn the afternoon, of Sept. 19th 1893, a enparty composed of relatives and friends, burn, Howard, Pulsipher and Larsen, the met at the beautiful residence of Mrs! couraging all to attend, and see that Charles L. Flake in Snowflake, Arizona, to children were sent regularly to Primary that their young minds could be improved pay honor to the natal day of dear Grandwith the principles of the Gospel. ma Hunt. Sne was born in Lexicon Co, Tne remarks-o- t the Sisters m geucia Kentucky were full of good instruction timely and Sept. 19th 1805, making her 88 years of the age. edifying. Bishop Lamph concluded to We found her hale and hearty filled to meeting by invoking the blessing of God the overflowing with the spirit of the gospel; be upon the organizations and upon she gave us such a hearty welcome that we officers. , said in our hearts 'tis good to honor the T. L. REESE, Clerk Pro. Tern. - - Eider. The Semi Annual Convention of the Territorial W. S. A. was held at .the same place at 2 p. m. Prayer by Mrs. Adeline H.Barber, Logan. Singing from the Suffrage Song Book. The officers elected at the morning session were sustained by the Convention. Telegram from the World's Fair Grounds. "Accept greeting equal suffrage is rapidly gaining ground and the right will prevail. signed Emily S. Richards Electa Bullock" On motion of Mrs. E. B. Wells, Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball was made honorary president of the Utah W. S. A. for life. Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball" the retiring President made some remarks concerning , suffrage work in the Territory, manifesting aged. : her deep interest in a matter of such vital After dinner the party repaired to the to all women. importance parlor where she8 related to us many inciw. Charles Penrose Jlon. in an able dents that had transpired in her eventful ; .... - . y ; Woman's Suffrage is a reality in New Zealand, 'for women both of European and Maori race.' " 