100 . ation, lie is very lively to appreciate her talent and advance her. position as well as her salary, I knew of a very lovely and wealthy woman once, whose husband's financial ventures brought them to ruiri and she was forced to seek; a,' situation. She obtained one finally in a' large" furnish-- 4 ing house in New York, and so exquisite was her taste in the arranging of the tapestries and laces for the windows and show rooms, that before long her employer sent her abroad to the factories of Kurope, to select his rarest goods; a position commanding the jmostcpnfidencc in every respect. Do you ever look into your own soul and find how full of faults you are? Oner becomes so used to loolgng at other people and "picking them to pieces" that he often forgets he may have as many or more faults himself. How. we grumble and complain to those we love the most, while others for . with perfect politeness and deference! Sometimes I fear we must construe the sacred phrase "those whom the Lord loveth, He chasteneth," or at any rate we excuse our own crossness by thinking it is for a good cause. A little school girl, who had been complained about and scolded and punished almost beyond endurance by her teacher astonished the school one day by breaking out with accusations against the teacher saying "I try so hard and you treat me worse than any girl in school, " imagine the surprise of the child as well as .the other scholars' when the teacher calmly replied "that is because I love you the most and am more desirous for your advancement ' They understood each other at last and the explanations of that day formed a friendship between. the two which lasted through life. But what a queer way to display one's love, it certainly needs an explanation, after IFuId nfkittdwdrds in"re . -- ' " -- times Jhe hasty proof words bn s a sad regret that never can, be' lorgotten, and we injure ourselves more than we help others by encouraging the complaining, fault finding habit. -- - farbctterSyt . Cameua. IN RURAL ENGLAND. XXVII. After the wedding of the young heir of Walton Hall .with Lady Anna Hilliard, and the gossip that naturally follows in a country district, the next event of importance was the departure of the" heir apparent to the estate and castle of the old Baron, who had lived so many years separated from his kith and kin and ' without any social relation whatever;-- jSTow nhere was some- tnmg to make a stir, when it was known that Clair the young favorite was about to travel, and with Lady Hilliard's old lover and cousin, "it bodes no crrrr ' ' was the general remark, one old tenant who had WOMAN S EXPONENT. '. . ' riv g ill-bor- : y reckless your own. health and welfare?" Mr. Harrison replied briefly, "0, that's the way with women, I'm sure I'm much obliged to her though, as no one cares for me tnatiknow oi, lucky to have one friend." You forget my sister Anna who loves you very dearly," "Ah well! yes perhaps so but at present she has no thought except for the one - true lover, heaven grant lie may be worthy of such, devotion." So the conversation ended, but Rob Harrison pondered upon Clair's sayings and it was a sort of link to bind him tp life even though the future was doubtful and uncertain. He" was too honorable to allow himself to dwell upon even friendship with tne wne or anotner man, he knew too much of the ways of the world, and the doings of society to induce in the luxuries that might bring serious results, and he des- pised flirtations, but he mwardly resolved to watch over both the femn'c via u H, II o II tl . and his niece, and to befriend them should there ever bemcroccilsioir for hismcesror his advice. He little knew what the future held in store or the changes of fortune that wemsoon to transpireT :i::r: morning when .all London was astir with its accustomed noise and activity Rob Harrison and Clair Hilliard sailed away, without any regrets for the gaities of the great metropolis only taking, with them one sen-an- t each. Mr. Harrison W - , through the duplicity and K) .': -- 1 of double-dealin- g his sweetheart and affianced wife the beautiful imperious Lady Walton, whose cold and haughty manner was everywhere noticable. Clair's mother knew;, . that - she Jiad to make. . ' hc sacrifice of her ambition, for which she had already given up the friends of her girlhood, for though lowly born she inherited from a gifted ancestry a voice and fascination of grace in style and manner, that carried captive men and wromen of all ranks and station who listened to her LadyAnna's father-in-law,an- d . with her voice and eves, he Dossessed the peculiar power often eiven to men, who have no oufwalrcITeauljut who seem inevitably nf"" because of ntirl wQtrpncrth - nh'.mVnl rnnraap & 1 will--, to their own captivate women' against' ' better judgment, d Strange indeed that those women should have beenattracted to one, wThom all his acquaintances looked upon as hard, cold, morose and only companionable in the hunting chase or at the races. This is one of the paradoxes yet unexplained. The remainder .of the long voyage in the sailing vessel after Clair's recovery was particularly pleasant, the weather was fine and the sea breeze exhilarating and' Clair's exquisit voice 'and suave manner werejk constant source of enjoyment P?" the on ladies board, who sengers especially lavished upon him their sweetest smiles, and, the most polite attentions. Once or twice Mr. H. thought Clair in danger of losing his heart to one or other of the young girK who were certainly charming in conversation" and-- vivacious in manner, but: Clair thougn .i r1" r rY J . ".r I'll &iaiduu uiicuu&uibpeiibeu ins aLLciiuv"-noble-minde- - rtP-llI1- ? ' wA.a-jivAnt- , , X 4 HLriti unr-mi,- cause him uneasiness and kept the secret faithfully, though it seemed cruel that the woman to w7hom he had given his ardent youthful' love should have been only second in the affections of the crusty old Baron, and was still unaware that the Baron's hardness and oddities were mostly owring to losing JCir:m.lu vour.faMyekfoii-fls-ittof but Mr. H. was too wise to so incessantly, . -- - A 1 er deuce -- makes cousin Jane worry over you," have you heart trouble - or consumption in 4. sea-sickne- ss "" And so they set off Clair leaving the old homestead in the care of the lodge-keepunder Dr. Bland's supervision, and the builders who were to repair, and in a sense reconstruct the house, though as his cousin Jane had said "without making it in; any way modern." Mrs. Bland gave him salutary advice, and their parting was the only feature of his leave taking that wTas sad in; the least. He knewthat she was not altogether happy, and could scarcely comprehend why she was so interested in Rob Harrison considering he was not her cousin; and mentioned the fact to Mr. Harrison soon after meeting him in London Rob Harrison was somewhat startled, when T . : . n I , time. Harrison learned something of his youiW life; that his mother who was in reality his grandmother, had told him that some day he would be acknowledged, that his dead mother had exacted a promise from the old Baron, and that then he d , would-nornave xne courage to recognize his mother's relatives, who had worshipped her for her glorious voice and magnificent All this was very touching to a beauty. nature like Mr. Harrison's and he grew fonder of Clair, watching over him with tender solicitude. r As Clair gradually . recovered from his severe attack of he had faint remembrances of his ravings, and inquired hard-hearte- a was a boy, whispered it about that "she alters Lkne wtkaLli-ha- d gipsy blood in his veins to settle down and be a gentleman," and with her fortune-tellinproclivities predicted desolation andJ ruin under such an master. Joe " Berry- the grandson of the illmehed" gossip, who had been a sort of follower and ., admirer of Chi r TTillln rA i Willi 111S uaiiviU ,.,:.t. a a grandma over her evil Dredictinnc clared he would follow the young master at any risk; and against the wishes nf nil was so accustomed to C tnpnri tmtil lm I oi imvAiege c a rJl going witU Clair to foreiVt, th imt o " was still uiiu jue " too-tnurH- worse than his young master. Clair was homesick no w in earnest, he raved of his sunny home, and his mother, iiicl sitting byaud listening to his incoherencies, R0b parts; finding him so anxious, he called upon the old grandmother to gain her consent, and with his winning way completely:.capti-vate- d her and thus changed the whole tenor of the gossips of the t neighborhood, and turned the. tables in ! favor 'of the so" f ' 'the gipsy, ' ' as she invariably dubbed this foreign "woman, whose identity had never been known about the place, and the tenants looked upon the and'servants consequently . whole affair with distrust and: a sort or , resentment. Rob Harrison waited in London for his traveling companion, he did not care to grow familiar with the place that brought back so many bitter recollections, nor to be in the comoanv of Mrs. Bland tho' he had no suspicion of the state oi her feelings. He imagined travel the best antidote for melancholy, and would "also furnish the majerial for London its fo.,s and its bustle and with a companion of such versatile accomplishments as Clair, and constant change of scenes and scenery he would be able to kill - I 11 MT1 i 1 - s- m rs uai4yanaremaino-;tinenmngieaii- . I zr. T 1 ; der the circumstances it was better so as such an occurrence would have caused an entire charge in the programme. Clair was a delicate, sensitive boy and it was almost remarkable thathew'as not moreTimprc able but he was so innocent, and entirely from conceit or affectation. Without being aware of it Clair was almost idolized by the ladies wherever he went. Joe Berry survived his seavoyage and evtM-Mrnisefxia- u on the young Baron, following him where and serving him faithfully. every- The .. 