WOMAN S KXrONKNT 34 ; enough. ; ; . ':) We found several beautiful shells and some pretty pieces of coral which were at once handed over to me and gladly accepted. They insisted) on giving me the cuttle- fish also, but the gift" was persistently refused and no doubt they had a real treat in the shape of cuttle-fis- h soup. We returned home as we had gone out, fey pulling and rowing the boat by turns. Dinner had been prepared b Sister Hilton and was -eaten with great relish. Besides being very, 'tired, I soon found that the sun had been too warm for my face and neck, and I had. burned them almost to aHblister. A simple remedy was applied, and soon cave relief, and the fishinertrio on: tue coral reel 01 oamoa .was one wnicn will long be remembered- .AlOfa. ! . ' five children ranging, from six months to fifteen years of both sexes; for comforters ' But,of course, I know what girls mean, when they' talk of the old people who have uncooked; and I, thankful that they understood the situation, ate a piece of the saturated taro and thought it quite fishy had their day. And I am always greatly perplexed and troubled when I see that the effect of education, in a wider sense than the mother knew, has besn-t- o make the younger look down upon, or patronize, the elder woman. The plain mother has made sacrifices, some of them very heavy, to obtain for her children the opportunities and advantages' of the best . schools. She has toiled early and late, spent lonely hours, felt in her souUt times humiliating depression, because she could not keep pace with her children, and it is, 'pardon me for saying it, simply low and. mean for het daughters ever to snub her. or to be impatient with her, or to maneuver to keep lher in the background. ExV: E. Sangster.-- Marga-re- bed and table linen also. , The Young- - Ladies' Aid Society's need boys' suits and flannel underwear, girls' dresses and flannel underwear, men's 'Underwear, women's underwear, and outfits for infants, also shoes and stockings of all ' sizes. ( The Rescue mission; "menclothing of all description for men from "sixteen "to sixty years, of age; also small sheets and "pillow-slip. bed-tick- ) a mother is fifty years old there is no lonsrer anv room for her in the world. and she ought to die. " The words were bitter, but they were not bitterly spoken. Rather, the intonations of the patient voice were plaintive; and the d face of the elderly woman who Uttered the sentiment wore no look of protest. Instead, there. was in it an expression of resignation, of acquiescence in something that must be accepted and endured. Thinking of many aged mothers, loved tr llrklo trr r tYta man rmr mAtn an nr i.-their "bairns" still, albeit some of them. have silver hair and bent shoulders; thinkwho bear as uning of the middle-agequestioned a scepter as when their babies were in the nursery, though these are now "young people, ' ' with the hopes and L' wondered aspirations of the young; whether my friend were not a' solitary suf-. ferer. Observation has convinced me to the contrary, and it is my conviction that somebody should uplift a note of warning in the ears of thoughtless, not heartless,' care-line- n i " "Your mother is very tired and evidently not well,'r ventured an acquaintance, later, when a ' 'mother's irritability' ' was freely discussed in her hearing by these young, people. "That may be," said one of them liehtlv. "but she needn't he so rrn W are all willing to do our share in helping her, but she does not know that the world . j mucc 1.ueruay. muvcu Neither did the young: daughter realize that, however far the world mav have movea1 since ner motner's it never has moved, and never will,"day," from the shadow of the fifth commandment. I have a standing quarrel, too, with the statement that a person's "day" is her day of ' youth. There is a "day' for forty, for sixty, for eighty, and each "day" is as im- nortnnt nnH n; hntiArjibt If Ai OjV.Ut, tlO the other the latter as gloryful as the earlier. There is one beauty of the rose- buds and another beautv of th n" wheat, and another, again, of the ' 1 0 pre-eminent- ly v--n X , snow-flake- s, ' ' ''';' 1 iu ituum u new Erar- - , ten years ago, in England, by Lady "with a machinery of such beauti ful simplicity that it could be a burden to no one, and the condition of membership, only two new usemi articles or doming a year, was so small a demand that the society became popular immediately. The elements of popularity and steady growth wrere in its very structure no caste, no sect, no hampering prejudices. ' ' Since then the work has spanned the Atlantic and stretches almost from' ocean to oceaff , across this fair land of ours. Wol-verto- n, Ji SALT LAKE .BRANCH. Through the efforts of Mrs. W. A. Nel- den, we ladies of Salt Lake City have become interested in it, and the few gathered in Mrs. Nelden's parlor one warm afternoon in May, 1893, have increased to an. army of 550 workers, called the Salt Lake City Branch of the Needlework Guild of America. A branch consists of ten sections, with an honorary president, ,v president, secretary "and treasurer. ch action, directorsronef-who- shall bepresident and one secretary of the Each of these five pledges herself to obtain ten others, who shall promise to contribute two new garments a year, making twenty-tw- o (22) garments, or one hundred and ten (1 10) for each section. Each ten send in their garments in October to their director; by the directers they are sent to the presidents of the sections, and by the presidents sent to a specified place and there distributed accords ing to the vote of the officers and directors to the needy and destitute in hospitals, homes and amoncr orphanages, . ' T o thp . . rwt a all distribution of eleven making in hundred (1100) good, strong, new articles of clothing The wnrk is " n UWAr. VY o- ILL " far reaching in its beneficence; so easy, yet so great in its accomplishments, that we should each feel glad to be one of its workers, and make of our branch a telling for good in this city and through nut power O 11 hr me lerncory. Notices have been sent to all the known charitable institutions in the city, which have been generally responded to. From the two Orphanages, the Day Nursery on State street and St. Ann's, comes the call for hundreds of garments, wearable from shoes to caps, for anything seventy. r iru - - 11 Sec. ON RAISING MULBERRY BRUSH. "The Needlework, Guild was organized " 1 o, Mrs. Edward B. Critciilow, section.- - and sisters, and a little pucker of the mouth in the direction of the matron, whose hand trembled a little as she poured out the v.w3.-- 4 imusthaveHeastveg) sam a gin at tne Draklast table, with a an uic-vmu- d, - ui : 1.1 t t : a. memi ma) ..U11U& more aimj ineip than to uplift morality many gifts of "old the from attic. clothes AMERICA. "After coffee. women dresses underwear, shoes and stockings for women comforters, bed and table linen: Newsboys home bed and table linen and all kinds of boys' clothing. In - addition to "these" the" destifutend nccu t MOTHER CROWDED OUT. o The" Rescue mission, ; NEEDLE WORK GUILD OF . s s. T .". - , m In passing through the country I have observed that very few orchards are planted now new mulberry and I would suggest that more, attention is paid to this industry, or in other words, plant out mulberry orchards now, that in time to come and a short time at that, there may be plenty of feed for a numerous quantity of silk worms, that are bound to be raised in this country before long, and I would also suggest that the mulberry plants, be raised inowbyi urubu asweii as irees, oecause the brush can be cut much handier for feed, and another reason is, it could be cutoff every other row alternately every otner year. They (the rows) want to be planted far enough apart for a team to go through so that the brush could be thrown into the wagon handily because the last three weeks the silk worms, are fed, they need so much food. neDTUsn can DeraiseaDytaK:ing ine slips fr6m the mulberrv trees in - the'Sprin? f o g of the year, and planting them thickly m trenches leaving a ditch. so that they can. be watered easily. . S. A. S. a-da- ys . . l X TJFFICIAL NOTICE. The annual convention of the Utah branch N. A. W. S. A. will be held in the Fourteenth ward assembly rooms in this city on Thursday, October 5th, 1893. The executive session will convene at 10 o'clock a. m. It is desirable that delegates from the several counties should be present and take part in the proceedings. The convention proper will commence at 2. pv. m at the same place. It is expected there will be brief addresses by some of the ablest exponents of woman suffrage in the Territory. Presidents of the several organizations are asked to respond to thfs call an(. to the circular letters sent out recently by . . the secretary. The public are cordially invited to the afternoon session. -- Sarah-MKimbali- President- s- ., Nellie Little, Secretary. E. B. Wells, Cli. Pub. Com. Ext November, the men of . Colorado will vote yes or no on the question of man suffrage, v'Or, 