WOMAN'S EXPONENT; 28 sible to estimate .the good accomplished by this one little paper, and what has len done clearly demonstrates the value of work in '.journalism to those acquainted with the facts. Other periodicals besides those mentioned columns were free, to women, who had anyhave since given opportunities for thing to offer worthy of notice, somewhat' that writers, are TJie Amateur Ogden later still "The Utah Magazine,' which established October Contributor 1879. only survived a short time, and' in 1866 the The the finest Magazine, vioiithly Juvenile Instructor both these magazines Tultidge-in which West is the now disMagazine were open to women contributors. :; The Utah first known Magazine Bui the time came when women were continued, hi and October as 1&S9, not satisfied to be heard only through these Parry's Magazine ' Wonian's a The Journal; monthly Young papers and established one' of their own, was on in siarieu inq interest 01 the . wherein they . could, express themselves magazine, all subjects and represent their particular young women of the Territory, the editor 4 VUII, VJ lJ.k.k. views and organizations more definitely and JSiUiO. These papers as also some others of less more effectively. The ballot had been given "to the women importance give ample, opportunity for wo-- ' of Utah in February 1870, and from that men to express their views- and opinions on time more particularly, women took a all subjects, and women are employed greater interest in public matters, and were regularly on nearly all the papers and magawakened to the responsibility of the azines published in Utah. To those unacquainted with the history franchise through its practical application in the affairs of public life. A growing of Utah, it may seem surprising toHell sentiment prevailed among both men and them that women Writers here compare women in favor of woman journalism and favorably with their sisters in the East,;it is however perfectly true; some of them on the first day of June 1872, the first number of the Woman's Exponent was issued. have been born and educated there, and in The editor was Miss Louisa L. Greene, England and other lands, and have also the known then as Lula through her poems, a young woman who had already become a spontaneous in this region, and the children of these parents,born here in this mountainfavorite with the public through her writ-ingous country possess in a high degree the and to the editor of the Salt Lake Herald the late Edward L Sloan, who strongly temperament and tendencies that are the recommended her as suitable for the natural result of the climate and scenery ' position. It was a new field, one altogether among which they have been born and untried in the West, except by Mrs. nurtured. "Great things in the way of Duniway who had just previously started Jiterature are expected from the native born VneNew North West in Portland, Oregon. children of the country. But of this Miss Greene was not aware unwe now have Even many young women til afterwards, nor that Dora Parmoore bewhose journalistic work is well worth comgan abcut the same time the publication of mending, and of whose career we are justly 'The Golden Dawn" in San Francisco. proud. These were the only papers edited and pubOf women regularly employed in newslished entirely by women west of the Mispaper offices there are not very many besissippi river at that time, as a matter of cause the field for office work is not so fact. The Exponent the very first except large, but there are some,and as regular conthe New North West. Women tributors there are maiiy. Among our r .IIIi t . TirMkM 111. were employed to do the work and the t i III . ;.'X""'t' r :u i. girls make up thepa per vvuu iia wiiiicu j) ciit:iuu, j jiugusid our work is ohe by" "women .exceptthe ..essays,- :; rprcss'vortzr biographical' sketches is particularly hapThe editorial in the first number of the py in dealing with common place matpaper, sets forth in a few words that al ters, as well as those that require depth of women the of Utah are in possesthough thought, and beauty of expression. She sion of the ballot there is ample work to do, is the author of several books. We must "truth to be dissemminated, errors to be com- mention, Lu Dalton, who is capable of bat ted, intelligence to be communicated.the handling almost any subject in a masterly be to vindicated and right misrepresenta manner; Mrs.. M. A.. Y. Greenhalgh an tions to be corrected." Indeed it is n iff English woman who has been accustomed an able article, and is worthy the subjects to wield the pen for, many years, having which through all these years the Extraveled extensively in foreign countries lahAiwI has advocated and ponent w is therefore qualified to write interestingly ivy maintain. In 1873, about a year after the Exponent was issued. Miss Greene was too with current topics of the day and deal married to L. W. Richards, and assumed with them understandingly. Ruby the duties of g in addition to a Utah girl of Scandinavian pareneditorial work and March 1st, 1S73, Miss is somwliat classical in style,' but Cornelia H. Horne was .made business tage writes remarkably well on local themes also. of the Exponent. Later on in Dr. Ellen B. manager Ferguson educated in October 1874, Mrs. Richard's "family duties ' England is a remarkablv lifted increased and several ladies who had been writer, and whatever subject she grasps contributors volunteered assistance in the handles it like a master workman. She. is editorial work. The present editor beino-onmore concise than most women, her sentenof that number. In May 1 875 the writer ces are clear cut and forcible, yet altogether assumed regular duty in the office which has been continued ever since. In November smooth, harmonious and skillfully polished. Helen Mar Whitney is one of the most 1876 Miss Home resigned, as business forcible are always elearticles her writers, manager for a higher position in a home of her own, and in July 1877, Mrs. Richards vating in tone and her type is strictly spiritual. Lula Greene Richards previously vacated the editorial chair in favor of the mentioned H also decidedly religiously present incumbent. It is quite impos in all her journalistic work, her writings The Desent Nrws established in 1S50, was the first opening" for effusions of this sort and has always given encourage- nient to women writers, of merit. Afterwards the Salt Lake Herald whose ' Woman's Exponent. - EMMELIX& B. WELLS, ANSIS WELLS CANNON Camtia). Editor. . Editorial Cntribttor. fa Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $ 1,00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made lor clubs! City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50; per month, $3 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. semi-monthl- y, Rooms 227 &228 Constitution BuildMain Steet, opposite Z.C. M, I. Business hours from ing, 10 a.m. to 5 p.ro- - every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Exponent office, . publisherTwoman's exponent, Salt Lake City, Utah. - Lake .City, 's .', wo-jjie- n , s 9 ; , . , Entered at the Post Opce in Salt Lake City? Utah, as ecoxd class matter. Salt wo-man- : . , - September j, 1893. WOMAN JOURNALISM IN UTAH. , Almost every phase of women in journalism was presented in the Press Congress held in May in Chicago, except that of women in the Rocky Mountain region, the n Darren desert 01 tne great roimtrv Ivinp- near the- - American Dead Sea. The Pilgrim women who journeyed across the trackless waste towards the setting sun, and who were filled with the enthusiasm bornx of religious themes and theories, were also filled with the inspirational and prophetic influences 'that burst forth spontaneously in song and verse, not beautiful perhaps in diction, and not always correct in rhvthm. but strong and forcible in the expression of the truth. These brave mothers, these Heroic daughters, born and nurtured in the cultivated East, bearing the heavy burdens of pioneer life in the wilderness (so to speak) had still in their souls the inspiration of the hour,"and the consciousness of the possibilities waiting for the keynote of woman's upward and onward march. Besides the everyday life in camp and pilgrimage to a promised land, was the ever present witness of future , inter-mountai- tr 0T UVPliUKUlttW t -J fcf 4 'x vJVl V vU 1 Wl Lilt; I4J.ILIII .Tliese.were. a stimulus to nlrmo rpfinpmpiit - art A -- poetry-an- d 111. t -- to fnilcnma f I10 journey, the songs of birds, the glorious sunsets, the bluest of blue canopies at night, when the stars were shining, and the moon sailing on high, these to the ardent and imminnprVrb'ernl ac rf vounpr va vAiwv4ivu O an abiding faith (and indeed to some of maturer years,) were fountains that bubbled with a charming effervescence, that jet their souls to the music of nature in its broadest, highest and most exalted sense. After reaching the valley of the Great Salt Lake the first effusions that appeared in nrinfcnnorc C rf iy14i,a, iv. UUUVV vfr tTif """'i-.-" I and of Sarah E. Carmichael, and these were followed by others from year to year, who contributed, both prose and verse to the .newspapers early established by the founders of the new Territory. Many names,, dear to the hearts of the people might be mentioned in this connection; some have passed away, others still live and are adding to the current literature of the West. Foremost of those we miss from our roll of honor, besidesi our poeUaureatev Eliza R. Snow, are Hannah T. King and Mary J. Tanner. Those who still remain .of the number are making a : record that will go down to posterity in the history, of the r -- Kcy X - Mouii tarn youn try. T , s, inter-mounta- in type-sette- rs I I f 1 t r Bll-- I I W( t T W t- rall 1 . stories-nd-dv'arious-articlesa- -; 11 - - La-mo- nt Cam-bridtr- e. house-keepin- . e -- " c 