VV OM A N 'S 1 The Rights of the Women oj , Zt6ni and ; Passing Thoughts Camelia. The Pilgrims. S. L. Co. W. S. A Ella W. Hyde. Silk Culture Lesson Ida Haag. , Thoughts About Women Past and Present Isabella Pratt Price. Obituary. Editorial: World's Congress of Women. Only a Glance. One Day in June. Luncheon at the Richelieu. Editorial Notes. V Selected. Grandma's Angel Selected. June Poetry: Night Hyacinth. . . . NIGHT. The twilight hours linger not, ' As in the days past by; But with. seraphic wings are caught, Rights of the Women of all Nations. Before the Goddess Night, In robes divine is crowned. Athwart the canopy of blue, Long e'er the day has stars of silver hue, Fairy-Jik- e glances shed. g And even the balmiest sigh, 'Breathed by the ?ephyrs low, Awaken in harmony nigh, . Quietudeo o'erthrow. ; ; Far offin.the'Jing'ring daylight,! -- That seems to fainter grow, J The sHv'ry sheen of the starlight, . Is changed to golden glow. Heaven a silent watch doth keep," Over the slumb'ring world; In whose ebony vault so deep, Y Meteor lights are hurled. i-': 4 des TA Faint the gleam of ajdistant light, That breaks the darkened wav. Fair Luna, crowned with sceptre bright, Begins her supreme sway. x ; 6 - , s Pale Moon, resplendent Queen of Night,"" ; Sail on thy heavenly way; ; To thine astral Home where sunlight : , Ne'er sheds its shining ray. :" ; Oh Night, sublime and beautiful, In mystic silence wrapt; ' ' 1 - ; , r ".'a: Wl awe replete, yet merciful, about JierjKfi.. wish .t.heyQuMan.in-.the- future. biographical dictionaries may we find the life of Mother Goose, but the incredulous will say she was a myth, there never was such a person no more than there was a William Tell, or a hatchet belonging to George Washington. Alas! how in this, day. of realism are our idols shattered; if Mother Goose is a myth who wrote those , v nursery rhymes. Its a long step from Mother Goose to the great master of English verse, and one might well hesitate before bringing them into the same subject,- but in one respect they are alike, that t, is m having their identity., doubted, and it is a still longer step from the cradle to the grave; but doubt is very ugly linking them, andhisdoubHs ' creature and is doing much mischief in this beautiful world of ours. I wish he never bnH heen bom. for he creeos into the cor ners of hearts' and tries to destroy the faith he finds there; .This faith is his greatest enemy, for doubt is so wicked that lie hates faith for the good that ne nas aone.ana 11 is his 'highestafflbitionto Doubt is not natural to a child,' he is unknown, but faith is born in the child, it is his first instinct and "hii first principle, and if raised iri a: atmosphere of faith, if those in whom he believes, believes in One still faithful and higher, he will continue to be neither to doubt nor Question, but should thf surroundins: atmosphere be one of -- , 3 , he-"Ri- tn thine arms to be clasped. - Peacefully rest thy weary wings, ' In calm security; Safely, as by thee are all things Locked in obscurity. Hyacinth. . PASSING THOUGHTS. So many about all the things are written and told great people of the earth, but whoever read or heard the biography of that ' charming old lady Mother Goose-cert- ainly . 'ulated -- Qifs..': 110 "diieT wnlings are Wwidely and :so; umyerU Till -- hear him, our reason does not prove him. Does your reason disprove them; no, a thousand times no. , The infidel 'has iittle to live for and his own unhappy state ought to cause him to keep quiet and not force his ideas upon those who have a faith,' it can do him no good for believing in nothing, he has nothing to return for that sublime principle which he 'endeavors to destroy. Wonders are accomplished daily by the principle of faith. It makes men better one to another, and from" childhood " to the grave it is a staff to lean upon. Oh, why destroy any thing so beautiful, so sublime mothers guard against this doubt; keep him from your homes, for he brings neither happiness nor joy, but is a menace ; " and an evil-doe- r. ; - , CAMIvLIA. , Between the dark and waning light, No soft'ning shade is found, fled,-Glimmerin- . can talk, when 10 boston i on his papa's knee, or "Pats a cake." to the tond delight of his admiring mamman, never wearies nor grows old and tiresome. For as the years roll on we read; between the lines and discover Mother Goose not only to nave been the children's poet but philosopher and moralist as well. Tohn the Piper's son received a just punishment as all thieves .should, and Dame e Gill was taught to minister to her brother's wounds in a right womanly manner,and so through ever little verse is a lesson taught. You may unnK 1 nave been trying to sweep the cobwebs out of my brain this morning by going back to childhood rhymes, and so I have. I. have been tryiner to recall the lines to see if some of them did not tell, who was Mother Goose. There are two .poems which might describe her. The old woman in the shoe, and if she had so many children of course she never had time to tell us who she was, and then the old woman who wrent seventy times as high as the moon, and if she was the one, we suppose she has not yet come, back, to explain about herself, but found so much work for her ; broom that she is still sweeping cobwebs out of the sky. All the same Mother Goose was a grand old lady , and so long as t there are children in the world her name will be an honored one, and people will .wonder end ask who was Mother Goose? We love her because she has done so much for the children and the mothers, and "if some of our readers can only tell us more Na. 23, . To far off realms to fly. - fa SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNK, 1893. i, CONTENTS: - - : Vol. 2i. , h PH MFMT rmolinf onrl ttormin cr cttxlft thai Anight and susoidoiirtheehiH -- begins lose faith in those he trusted adobteranaTariUhbelievef iso divinit3ve:cnrm and-become- THE PILGRIMS. Conchided. , . ' 5 The company now commenced exploring the coast, no Indians were seen and they afterwards learned that a plague had swept off great numbers of them and the: country had been abandoned, thus leaving it free Iv for them to choose a dwelling place. . While still on the Mayflower a child was born, Perigrine White, the first English child born in 77 His mother afterwards became a. widow, and was married again, being the first bride of the new colony.; 'r 7 - - rr Finally on theTud hf7Dec'rabeifJn'62bp' the landing was made cn Plymouth Rock, an event that is celebrated in eVery part of our latfot, and who among us that, can trace back bur lineage to this brave deyoted Godfearing band, but is proud to say, ''OUR ' Fathers' f T r ;i ;v ' Pilgrim Of the manners and customs of "the Pilgrims, their many perilous adventures, hardships; and romantic incidents, with which every American is more or less fami- liar we must treat lightly in this limited . , New-England. k--M- .-- " r f ? -- -- ; , space. - t During the first dreary winter full half their number died. One of the first being , Rose, the wife of Captain Standish. ; r Seven times more graves for the dead iwere madehaniiabitations for the livingr They were buried by the bank, not- far from the landing a spot still venerated and lest the Indians should take courage to attack the survivors from their weakened state, the soil that covered the graves of theirleloved relatives was carefully beaten down and planted with corn. t During, the pleasnt7"NevEngland summer which followed the' colonists took heart and all seemed well. But in November For tune arrived bringing' 'many mouths to fill buVno provisions. Having to divide.' witn these newcomers, caused a "scarcity among the people and great suffering ensued. Men often staggered oh the street for want of food; and. they,'.were not without apprei ' - . , . r ; r . , , . this time' Canonicus a" powerful sachem sent 