WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' nn the following day Anderson wiled ;Vjtb bis command lor isew York. "The welcome event," said a Southern writer, "was instantly announced in every artof Charleston by the ringing of hells, the pealing of cannon, the shouts of couriers dashing through the streets." It was warded as the greatest day in the history of While exultation prevail-- I South Carolina, ed at the South, the news that the national fired upon and that Fort Sumflag had been ter had fallen, produced an intense feeling of indignation at the North. Thousands of men who had previously been in sympathy with the South, now declared themselves President Lincoln's in favor of the Union. thousand troops, met call for seventy-fiv- e with a hearty and favorable response from all the frestates. next day reinfcreeenUiaving arrived for runt, the Confederates commanded 'by eauregarcl were in turn driven from their position and compelled to retreat April-7th, 1002. The Union cause .was also successful in Loiusjaia-- naval expedition commanded by Captain harragut. About thirty miles above the - . mouth of the Mississippi river were two forts, which were the-- main defence of the city. For six days the fleet poured an incessant fire upon the fort which was answered to witli vigor. '' ', A t last Farragut resolved to run by them. A dozen thunder storms never roared more than did the terrifically peal of hostile can, non, still the fleet, kept on and passed the fort, just then it was attacked by more than a dozen Confederate . steamers. The noise was awful. "The gUHS- and iorts belching forth at once together with the explosion of boilers and maga- zincs ana the shrieks of scalded and ' wounded men made an appaling noise, but tfrS' victory wasFarragut's. The next naval battle was between the Virginia and the Monitor. To be Continued, , . pohUcaVdiiierencesverelorgotteu-iii-th- . - H m-the-f- impulse to defend the- - national government; Two days afterXincoln's call -- for troops, -- Davis issued 55 a proclamation inviting to prey upon the commerce of privateers the United States; this was followed byone ffomXincoln, declaring the ports of HkT Confederate States to be in a state of blockade. leets After the secession of Virginia, Rich mond became the capital of the Confederacy. The Southern army, numbering a hundred "DAUSK KOINDESAMFUND.' thousand men, occupied a line through the state from Harper's Ferry to Norfolk. (Danish- Society of Women.) Of this army, a large force, under Beauregard, was at Manassas Junctior, in front of which .was the little stream of Bull It is twenty years since "Dausk Koin- a wooded Run, in narrow valley. Orders desamfund" was founded. "By glancing were given to General Mc Donald who comover what has been done during these years, manded a large part of the Union army to let us judge if this society has vital power attack Beauregard. A desperate cou'flict enough to subsist and a right to do so. served in which more than forty thousand "The society was founded at my wife's men were engaged. The advantage at first working table," Mr. Frederick Bayer has was upon the side of the Union Ann', but said, and certainly it was wife, the confederates being largly - reinforced at who together with Caroline Testman took the" initiative. That this epoch coincides last prevailed and the national troops; with. the opening: of our new literary era fled in disexhausted and was certainly no chance. Brandes' trans order towards Washington. This great disaster taught the people of lation of Stuart Mill's, "The Subjection of the North that the task they had underWomen," had just appeared and not only taken was greater than they opposed, but k aroused new ' thoughts in many minds, but ' they did not waver. It stimulated them to also kindled serious thoughts among the greater exertions. Congress voted to raise earlier friends of the cause of women. The turn matters took here, and the wray in more money and meu. Lincoln which it was started, shows clearly the in- ,, "Having chosen ourcourse' without guile and with good purpose let us now renew our trust in God. eo forward thilda Fibiger and Pauline Worm. The first, under the assumed name of without fear and with manly hearts' In the meantime, civil war raged in Clara RaDhael. with the boldness of nine ' Missouri, but the efforts of the successionists teen years, had discussed questions of every fcind" as to the relation between men and to take the state out of the Union were had been pushed back so frustrated mainly through 'the prompt women, but severely by harsh and narrow-minde- d action of General Lyon. she had given up almost all Events showed that to complete the criticism, that With true womanly blockade, nearly six hundred rebels, most literary occupation. perseverance, she then gave all her of them steamers, would be required. concerns and became A number of privateers were fitted out by strength to practical Woman telegrapher. Something the Confederates to roam the seas and prey our first unusual and brilliant in her literary- - debut upon the Merchant ships cf the North. the public, that a "cause of One of the most successful of these was the had shown woman' ' existed. The intense zeal with Alabama, famous for its capture and' dewhich sheadaptecl hemiLtosmata ' struction of American ships, y. so deeply impressed some, few women with ' SECOND YEAR OF THE WAR. whom she afterwards came into contact, influenced the work The whole Union force jn the field at the--, that through them it for the cause.; .beginning' of 1862 reached the number of here "The worshipping of women," she says,, five hundred thousand. The Confederate "has continued in our country longer than: was somewhat less. In Kentuckythe Confederates were de- elsewhere. To he a Ji t iciea 10 ner, no attractive is very worker, feated at Mill Spring. A few days later who has been told that she is the inspiring General Grant, with the aid of the gunin life." Accordingly tne nrst boats Grant's Fort Donelson, of women had to do captured thing a Danish society - he-and-hi- panic-stricke- . n, aid fluencelof-wahi.di-miiidedwomeni-Ma- - . - " -- -- . ; ieiiow-cmzen,aieiio- J . . le .n-nrin- army; after the victory of Fort Donelson, proceeded up to Tennessee river. The , w- ' inner independence, hile struggling for the outward one. Pauline Worm has in her excellent novel, "De Fornuftige" (sensible people), shown how a young woman, with higher aims than her fellow sisters, sinks exhausted with the , struggle; the authoress herself wore .out her strength as a school mistress in a provincial town. She did not, however, neglect any occasion for showing the injustice toward woman. The seed she had sown by her. energetic and untiring work, was in due time reaped by women, who continued her work and tried to make the cause of women what she always desired it to be: the-- cause of the whole nation. These two pioneers immediately enlisted themselves as common workers in the society, though Mathilda Fibiger died the .. year after its formation. J - There was enough to do, and the direction missed no opportunity which was presented. It struggled for the forming of a woman's book-clu- b reading-roo(Koinde-li- g Iyoseforening,) and when later this idea was realized by others, it supported, this institution, which had hard times at first. Though pecuniary means were but small, it gave help to some of bur earliest women students. For years it held a Sunday-schofor working women. But its special aim was the founding of professional schools for women and it could scarcely have done anything more appropriate. By the assistance of both private and public means our first commercial school (Manager C. Testman) was founded in 1872, and in 1875 Women's Drawing School (Manager Charlotte Klein.) Besides . these educational aims, the direction continually kept an eye on different points of our legislation, wThere women, are wronged. By discussions with prominent lawyers we had tried to rouse some interest as to equalization of man and woman in pecuniary matters, and by petitions to Government and Parliament to effect some ameliorations in this respect, as well as more protection for wives against by their hnsbands. As a result of these exertions may be named the law of Mr. Bayer, May, 1S80, which gave married women the free disposal of their own gains; as supported by a petition from the Women 's Society signed TjyTocT ' women. In the meantime, the way was being cleared for the spreading of its ideas in. wider circles. Hoctrup, Bjornson, Ibsen had in different manners treated the woman question, and made every reading person in Scandinavia think about it and speak of it; and a powerful political motion all over the country had roused the scene of spiritThus ual, and especially social questions. the right epoch had come, and a lively agitation for the cause began. JThe means used wrere lectures, ppamplets, and from 1885, the monthly review: Koin den or For Sdwfundet (Woman and Society.) country colleges and debating societies, ; - -- " m ol ill-treatm- it-w- , lecturers wTere continually wanted and sent from "Danish Society of Women. " Some years about 100 lectures were given. Of pamphlets, one especially, "The Woman Cause," by Astrid Stampe, spread all over the country in many thousand copies. The effect of this agitation was soon seen, and in a few years the number of members was augmented from 128 to, more than w-a- s 1,000. Among the many various themes, which have been treated verbally or by letter, we . 