100 EX PO N ENT7 WOMAN'S themselves, as there seems to be no bar ferred to;i this has been spbkeii of so often to the progress, no limit to the free exercise seems almost to have passed into a proverb, in reference to ihe Relief Society that It and development of whatever powers they but yet some whose influence should EM ME LINE D. WELLS, Editor, may bring into the field of art, science, help in this matter almost ignore the' fact in Salt , PublUhed Utah. of its service to the organizations, and upon professions, industry' or general enterprises. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00;. one copy six months. It is not likely that all will be equally questions of woman's advancement. 50 cts. No reduction made tor clubs City papers delivWould.it not be well to make 'a little ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. inspired with the enthusiasm and courage Each lines rates: ten of to sustain the first Woman's Advertising nonpareil square, of the momentous occasion, such has never extra exertionin this space, one time, 2. 50; per month, $300. A liberal disRocky Mountain region, paper started count to regular advertisers. r but ,aild been the case in any age. of the actually the first except one "The New Exponent office, No. 25 K., South Temple Street, second gate east of Deseret News Office. Business hours some whofeel are there thestirrings North West" so far as the writer has been always from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. "every day, except Sunday. of the noble impulses that lead forward the able to ascertain after diligent inquiry, tiiis-"si- de Address all business communications to theMississippi River. mul titudes wliofo!lo w on slowly after TTJBLISIlER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, The Utah Woman Suffrage Association Salt Lake City, Utah. them, when once the highway has been members should patronize this paper, becast up, and so it will be now." .The genercause it publishes all minutes of the meetEntered at the Post Of in S.ilt Lake Ctiy, Utah, as realize than more ations second class Matter. after will perhaps ings held here and in other parts of the those of today, the greatness and magnitude" Territory whenever possible; and also all notices of meetings and conventions in the Salt Lake City January, 15th, 1893. of this mammoth undertaking that reaches interest-osuffrage elsewherehanAriirgive L ouI ro all,uationv-t- Q Come,..JiiUier-.-to.-this-- i ladies the here the information required to . Columbia and land .ways, compare goodly WOMAN'S PART IN THE" speed them onward in the path of progress materialex-hibitwell as as means and methods,. EXPOSITION. politically. The general news of women ' "should be a sufficient impetus without going Tiiii World's Fair work is progressing From time to time we have published in into details to increase the circulation, so safely and surely in these parts, if one can regard to what women are doing, and it is that the money might be forthcoming to sustain it; it should be remembered that aljudge from appearances. Many ladies are desirable, that the women of this Territory though a few may be very prompt in payenergetic and giving freely of time and should make themselves familiar with the ments that many are not, and consequently means; others are more backward and need general arrangements, so that they may delays In issuing, because there must be constant persuading and even urging. Yet not fall far behind in intelligence, methods means on hand to pay down printer's and in all probability there will be comparaor positive information. There are many postage bills, and some other incidental extively a good representation from this Ter: notes .of matters pertaining thereto' in ' the penses. Times are hard and many demands' are made, but the women of Utah should ritory,as weTuioVmany articles are begun various publications of the - day. The sustain their own paper, that represents the by those who have taste and skill, as well as DeserET Evening News contains, from cause in, which they are engagedrather to unwhat than the papers that have no special inter perseverance accomplish time to time, the latest telegrams in refer they dertake to do. Thinking of the importance ence to Jliese matters, also the Salt Xake est tor them, or the cause nearest and dearest to their' hearts. of such an exhibit by the women of the Herald and other daily papers, so that any whole civilized world, it appears 'strange one need :tharany3vomairshould ; need- - encouraging what is being; done else whe 1 e as well as in EDITORIAL JNOTES. upon a matter of public interest and benefit, Utah. such as this will most certainly be Mrs." S. M. Kimball one" of the best Tevomeii engaged in it, should take WOMEN'S PAPERS. a."" x ; . known women in the community and who t pains 10 reau wnai oiners, in me various has' done a great deal of entertaining, spent states and territories, are doing, ;and thus Reading recently an editorial, published her statement for birthday recently by making a party become enlightened generally, so as not to in the Woman's Tribune the widows and aged women of the of Mrs. Colby, the Editor, and by the way,: fall behind the great army of workers. a very able and efficient person for that locality--; cheering them with this social Money is scarce, and other efforts should position, m reference to the low price of the reunion and also with a delicious dinner, all be more energeticallyappliedmany Jhinjrs Ipaper and . .the paying circulation, the the ladies came and went - in carriages at can be done with but very little ready cash. similarity of the circumstances to our little her expense. The company enjoyed themselves very much and will never forget the Exponent, seemed to call for something occasion. "Where there is a will there is a way, Such tributes to the worth and on the subject in our columns. in this case in as may apply many others. Mrs. Colby says the price of the paper experience of friends are far more delightful and longer remembered than more exIt is a pity that things have been pushed does not pay; but she has been in a large .' so late in the season, but improve the lit measure doing missionary work in the suf- pensive parties might be. tle time remaining to the best advantage. frage cause and' so forth; and finally as a Mrs. Kimball also made a party for. the " result of the lack of money patronage finds Jfhesilk portieres, for the Woman's Build- -' herself obliged to issue ibr the present,' four teachers and committees, or aids in the are be to ing something Relief Society of that Ward which was alproud of, and the pages instead of eight as heretofore; a step so a most enjoyable affair, and conducted in furnishing of the Utah building will give she says which mav be considered WV the ladies a fair opportunity of displaying; ward. Formerly the paper was Issued a very s0 way that made it particularly taste, ingenuity harmony and skill. montnly, then she n ade it weekly for tht Pasani ana satisiactory. without caDital to Wi Statistics are rather slow in coming in, same pnce etcj---bThe Columbian ball which was given in ; this .work has fallen heavily lt, missionary tTheatre to rise f considering how urgent have been the re- upon a trugglmgperio be made by" this Terntory, r t i quite in: jiiiLsia sent uiiL til iuf .., f'liiinmicnwHMvrinvK-.. vj y me same elaborate affair in some ucdi.mg.. upon respects, and yet , wixiw aw m wkc luc x crnionai vjoin- - vjucsuon. not extravagant, and those; who are fond of The Woman's Exponent has done nnrl mittee to prepare them after thev havfe nil dancing must have felt well repaid for the is doing missionar work Jn been received. many respectsV- . oeen -- rxuromzed as ' it actuaUv mittee expended rJTheladieS" . Thpn .. .wpfrrittzz;au, agu OI Ule deseRX t ha e spared no pains in working up the "(t considerinvhit ' such . an onnortnn tv rW r,. t. world, has done, and is doing all the time for the maUer, even to going out in the several districts and selling tickets themselves, . edticntinnnl nrncrrpcc oi1 .,J'l m women of this Territory, and of thpOWr aviv4ntcment when it seemed as though the people could all departments of intelligence, as will be of Latter-daSaints throughout nil th not quite appreciate the situation, and the Stakes of Zion. afforded by the Columbian Exposition; ' Woman's Exponent. semi-monthl- .. Lake-Cit- y, y,, , ' w-orl- d; , 4' ,- - I P t s. -- . -- ; -- notigitora 1 . . rthe -- I . ut -- -- n. - w-a-s 1 - -"" . ;.--- I mns -- - y What Jtsiults and.achitf ..vuwuio Will UC. men is being treated t1vn I, ' a .- I re- - and lor other expenses necessary in the ar liibits; 