WQMAfs The Rights of the. Women Vol. 22. rJ CONTENTS: A,'Boyer The Balot for Wo- Annual Convention of Maggie Bassett. Ladies' Meeting Lydiai D. Alder. Mexican Items S. T. Bnmhall. . Some Women's Lives .' Health for Women. A S. E. L. R. S. Reports. Letter to the Ladies. Obituaries. Semi-month- ly , f Editor i al. A Few Suggestions. Editorial Three Quarters of a Century. Poetry. River, Field and SkyAugusta Joyce Crocheron. TJianksgiving E. R. Ship. RIVER, FIELD AND SKY. Once, far away, a river ran - 'Adown a rocky glen, It sprang from field of ice and snow To bless the homes of men, And all the rugged hills were clothed With branches broad and fair, Festooned with many a clinging vine t And blossoms s weet and rare, While uuderneath, new flowers looked up To the bright skies of June, And little birds sang choruses -- Aye! Every throat atune. Adown the glen two straying went, That "day they each one knew The silent charm the landscape lent And, closer round it grew, Till one grown freer, sudden spoke, Heedless of all beside "O, I have loved you all these years, And.shall, while I abide." the Women "Forever as today." 5f - Jjfc 1 w ' NO Q. , . country a Physician can only prescribe for a woman by .thrusting her arm from behindja curtain.- - If we prefer Turkish "nistitutions we had better go arid live where they prevail, but if our own system is the best let it be consistent with itself and our constitution, which is a constitution of the people, for-- , arid by them, so that if we bring this down to its technical meaning it is not a government of the people, unless women are classed outside, for there are more than ten millions that have no voice in the making of our laws, and, they are the most .. sober and religious portion of American people. It is assiimptuous in men to .thinks that their interest and affection for women will lead them to just and wise legislation. Their desires may Jbe, and I believe they are perfectly in accord with the way they would like to see- - them treated. But men have not the intuitive knowledge of grasping the many reforms which woman can see is neccessary to bring about a better state of society, to protect the weak against the encroachments of the more favored. As the cooperation of the sexes is necessary to people a world, so is mutual cooperation on their? part necessary i to perpetuate its virtue, to regulate its tone and to elevate national character. I am not superstitious, ' to the extent, that i will right all the wrongs of women any more than it has righted all the wrongs of men, but it is the y golden gate to every opportunity, and the same advantage it gives to one sex it will give to another. Look at the fl ; : I ; : The ever faithful one." ; And while she heard afar (Faint music to her ear) Swift hoof-beatWho rode so but he? . And now 'mid Christmas cheer He enters 'neath the portals high, : They came to bring her word; O, Christmas Morn', thy tidings are The sweetest ever heard. ;? i: s. Go name all bright streams that ye know That flow toward the sea; : Go name all fields beneath the stars , Wherever they may be; Yet ye shall never, never gues? Where'er your thoughts may fly, Where sang the waves, where, fell the stars. No, no one but my love and I. pres-cisel- exhibited during the interest women-havpast few years, since, the people, divided on Pajly.,lmes.Iustwridicule4his interest and assure women that it is only for men and boys, when they attain their majority, to relegate to themselves this pleasurable Augusta Joyce Crocheron. e Bountiful, Nov. 20, i 893. WOMAN SUFFRAGE COLUMN. N. Z., Nov. 30. The first election under the female suffrage law Zealand in New resulted favorably to the government The wo men v.oted in Jarge numbers, supporting mainly the candidates who professed Christianity and. J favored temperance. Auckland, ; . The inconsistency of opinion, of which The moonlight over all; F rom out the blooming hedge they heard The young birds chirp and call, And darkening rows of corn shook out Their tassels and their floss, And rustled all their shining blades Like swords that flash across; O, all the air was like perfume, And silence sweeter yet Had buried all the jars of day r When night with twiligh t met. They paused, lie looking on her face, She, looking to the sky As though to read some omen there Where silv'ry clouds swept by, And saw a star fall shining down, - . THE BAIXOT FOR WOMEN. They walked adown the level field ,, , There could be' no political intimacy exist, that Vnld exceed that which already exists between the school Superintendent and his ""teachers, the Merchant and his clerks etc. In an Oriental - ' , the sexes. Again, J)eside that river bright ihe lady walked alone, The autumn tints were on each leaf And flower and bird were flown. "O, river, thoujdidsLhear That radiant summer day, Give me an omen f Loves he yet? lor hie is far awayi That cruel river ('twas not strange, It sprang from ice and snow.) It seemed to answer Moves someone- .sped on and away. The lady walked within her room; Her day had turned to night. , She slept and dreamed, a bird sang clear, She woke, the sun shone bright, "O, happy token! stars may fall ; And rivers dry may run, But thou art constant, thou art like hic-wAr- , of all Nations '893- - y Like sudden light amid the dark, The truth upon his face; It blessed the rural solitude With grand and tender grace, ' And like a token sacred, sweet, Unlooked for yet possessed, She took the jewel, love, he gave, And hid it in her breast. And then beside that river bright They listened to its song, Like silver flashing in the sun The swift waves danced along; They seemed to answer to her thoughts "Will he be true alway?" For every ripple sang at once - fights 0f Then swift from left to r?ht Another shotathwart its track A cross! before her sightv ColumnThe the W. Si A. Notes. of Zion and the '!. 1 SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH. DECEMBER Woman's Suffrage men- -S EXP N E NT. ; many people have been possessed, that man is not in need of the ballot, is rapidly becoming a thing of the past.. What is dearer to every true American than the right to exercise his voice at the polls? And if we stop to reason for a moment, what is there to deter woman from this inherent desire? It is not because she is incapable of understanding the questions at issue; nor because she cannot appreciate the ability of the nominees. I know the assertion is made that the pollsjare not decent places jbr women, and that they are corrupting. No women are long place is decent from: which excluded, and if they are . corrupting,' men had better quit voting, some are fearful that it will lead to a dangerous intimacy between wo- - : . ; interest? I fear such comments would be received with a degree of contempt, I realize that the mere mention of the political rights of women in the minds of many, would indicate that the home would be left desolate. B"t woman would not be true to her instincts of wife and mother, if the instincts of maternity, of domesticity, are not persuasive enough to keep them in the truest .sense women, it is the most; serious defect yet discovered in the Divine order of nature; nor should women be debarred from this privilege, because the majority are careless as to its advantages. It is stated that eight hundred thousand men did not vote last year. This is no ar gument that the rest should be deprived of this right. Doubtless there were many slaves who prefered to remain slaves, was that an argument against freedom? Sup- pose there is a majority of the women of this State when it becomes one, does not wish Jto vote, is that a reason for depriving one woman who is taxed of her equal representation? Or one innocent person of the equal protection of his life and liberty. We want no compulsion, like those Old 