V O rlattcryrhow)tenti3 thy sway; how wide CVr- the bounds of thy pleasing jurisdiction d !- naj' prove Olympic conquerors; and this cannottoil. You say you can :4' .not rtccgpt any jeligionlthat will npjbear-eiife taat ,v-- o 1 -- be-witho- ut ; 'l Beltftmhalingv-:.OtTrltOaiyiil thereof-neidsoutr tjnt iirmnn with the. test. ' that can . : t ene-prfflctpl- - A Bostonjiaper is in, "favor of women voting if they want to." A , Western paper "would like to see the man who would make them .vote if they did nt want to." " o but sand Investigate aiid and honest moti ves your harvest will pure - Books arelho true levellers. They give to all - who faithfully use them tho society, the of-c- ur spiritual presence of the grenf est nnd best race. CAannn lC.. -- .;. The Utah Commission, in a report to the Secretary of tho Interior, recommends that the women of:Utah be deprived of the ballot as a means of suppressing polygamy. The most in telligent women" of tie civilized .world will that tho prescn to "Utah " bo supplanted by men of common sense and ordinary honesty: 'Denver uan lice; - i the darkest night, dilBculties are. -. has .pitted hips' that .:?bow.what we'are-Go;h an tani;ibri:Avhat ren di - OMA K VS E X P ONE N T. - KNITTING FACTORY, Oslst :t.,Ei. 2ial3i Wex. J5ootStt! . : 1 I believe you to be a woman of true integ- - say, Bear : Lady, please 1 is ten to'" ty, and .and obey the still small voice that whispers to Il:y5uftQ rnltlay. tQ.dsfc, that tlie religion so called 'onuoni?m v is true; and' have a testimony fjr, yourself and gather to Zion where you can hear the good word of God proclaimed from lime to time, that will comfort and strengthen you, anU'enable you to bear all things patiently. "Those who are filled with the love of God" and his laws take no note of petty trial?, but 1 .1 n ""'- Vang ai l tend to punt pass tnem, iy ann-s- ay sanctify.. I bear this my testimony to you with a Ion 1 voice although my body is frail; I have been an invalid lor five years, these are the sentiments of my heart in, reading your correspondence a great desire came over me to bear my testimony to you, and hope it will be of worth. I remain an ernest watcher of your conversion to the truth. The Unknown. ri wi i 1 -- 1- - J - . a step from the sublime to the! ri We read that "Madam Adehna diculous. " Patti was invested with the Order of Kapiola- - ni, recently, by the Chamberlain of King Kalabrua. The order is a star on a red and whitc4triped ribbon; and was accompanied by a letter on parchment from His Majesty." liat an Honor.. . "... d arkness Hugo. -- i right -- is :. eternal ray. : 1..-- . CO A S BCILWiO. V -- EYE, EAR, NOSE AND THROAT, . OBSTETRICS AND piSEASES OF WOMEN. Telephonic Cotnmunlcatlon between Office and Eesidenc .. ihe rights of woman are obtaininsr recosrni tion in Norway. The parliament has iust passed a law, which tho King has signed, giving women the privilege of attending tho universities and applying ifor degrees in all the arts and sciences; but J the right to hold office in the service of the state and of participating in the competitive examinations for ' such posi- tions is not yet accorded them. Madame Sarah Bernhardt's engagement for South America, the preliminary details of which the Figaro was the first to announce two is.-- 1 months ab. understand, not vet onitfi a w ' 7 w : rarie Zakrzowska. at tlm rwnf. Wn. man's Congress in Portland, snoke first nfm. vent life and its effect upon the health. Nuns live the quietest and most retired life, all their ti sue engaged in occupations entirely feminine.-ih- it they fade. and grow sick and old sooner than if they werc more actively engaged. Di-- -ametneaily opposed: to these"aro the iashiona-bl- e women whoso existence is one round of gaiety and excitement. They fade and wear away almostas soon a3 the religious devotees. : The women who arejengaged inlindustrial oc- -ilo 'Tcupaiioiis hbTIiavaJbnJeasejnf lifa nnd heairii. Tne settled and unvarying hours of -- labor, the eloso confinement, the noise and con-"f- u the of 6ion machinery to which they are theeontinued absorption of interest in one direction all combine to sap their bloom and strength. In professional life, Br. Zakrzewska placed all women "engaged in any kind of active work which calls for the exercise of all the faculties. She would have it include not only physicians, ministers, law- and ailwlio are usually classed as profes-- " THonaJa; bu tr also nurses rThousefeppnpTsi: fAnV- keeper all, "who have a definite occupation kuovledge .and kill and calling into play more than one set of faculties. These, she aul,are the healthiest women. They stay younT and' fresh longer than any other, class, and as th cy grow old are hetter pre5eryed,'both men-- rtally and physically. The health of women generally is .much better now thajrin former days, hut there is still much that needs to be L CJ 3D 33 Xj r 3 T' SALT T 23 LAKE L -- 1 CUT. Special Departments for Gnff Clothlnjr and Dry Carpets, tadle' and Children'! Sboe,Hard-waGoods, Shawls and Domestics, Groceries, and Stores. rs DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CLASSES WANTED. . WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DE ALIUS JS DRY GOODS, N OTI O N 8, GROCERIES, HEAVY & SHELF HARDWARE, " X ' ' QIAS3 & QUEENS WARE, AGRICULTURAIi IMPLEMENTS, EtO. ELLEN B. FERGUSON, : PHYSIGIAH AND SDRGEOH, " and Residence, on 2d South between Zd and ith East Streets. Special Study has been given to SURGERY, DISEASES ur t? uracil, aiiu juiseases or tne Office NOSE, THROAT AND itJNGS, . I &TT Can he Called by TeIephongDa y or Kig ht. - more workable than the first proposition by which Madame Bernhardt wished to be paid 300 a night even while she was traveling ' from place to place. The new contract is, it is understood, for 33,000 for fifty performances, the services of 1. Damala being included. This is at rate of 660 a night, certainly a larger sum than has ever before been paid to any dramatic artist. Should Madame, Bernhardt go to South America, she will be" absent from "April to September, and will compensate Mr. me lusa oi nis uonuon season at tne flayer lorEx. " ' : 'X Gaiety. An old Quaker lady - of Nantucket, in a -J. McNutt, of New private letter to Dr. Sarah " York, gives a number of curious items from" the genealogy of the island. One of these we are permitted to quote: "Rachel Bunker, widow of Dan (?) Bunker, and previously widow . of Barnabas Coleman, and daughter of Sylva-nu- s and Abiel Hussey, died llth- - mo.; 9.h,- 779G7after an illness of 48 hours: aired-8- 0 ears, u xuo., uays. xmring fter time she jdiscovered much Christian fortitude and resig- ; nation, and closed a life of usefulness with calmness and serenity. She has been for 33 years eminent and successful in her profession, of- having in Jhat time assisted-at 12,992 children (30 pairs of twins). She had 12 children, 113 grandchildren and 94 greatgrandchildren." We commend this case to the attention of those who think trofessional lifA - re-'juiri- ug the-bir- th I r, : I incompatible with matermty.-.E- r. : 33Z TOO Sale by JOHN jC3k.JEl. Gr Ij OfHome IZado Tranka ZEJ jCk. CUTLER, Armt for tho C. for PROVO WCOLEN WILLS, OM also HOME MADE Conatltatlon Baildlnn Blankets, Flannels. Shawls, Linseys, - tca remedied. . Special Attention given to Diseases of the . . Dr. 1. Offlc"eliours"''from 10 a.m. to S p.m. Residence, Twelfth : Ward, 2d South Streetbet. 6th. and 6t&. East. Accounts were ren-- " Carelton, who presided. from dered in the various tables and other connectionsof-the-fair,-sunieient-- to make it evident, that the net receipts will exceed A . vote of thanks to the president wa3 enthusiastically passed. In Washington, D. C, Dec. 8, 1832, Mr. Bingham, of Pennsylvania, chairman of the committee on postoffice3 and postcards, reported a bill in the House reducing letter-- postage to two cents, and it was referred to the com- ? P1HS & PFHCK . 82,-00- 0. mittee of the whole. '.! II. TflRS. ROHAHIA B. TRflTTi H, D. A meeting of the executive committee of the fair for aged and friendless women was' held " recently at the house of the president, Mrs. Dr. - c. ' . A good conscience is tho palace of Christ; th temple of the Holy Ghost; the paradise, delight; the standing Sabbath of the saints.- - A WARD, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. ' ... is only 1 J Ictor. ...-.- z 19th ' VV a hideous" Hash in the an I . ' ;Ther sword is but" . 7r.E..EJTr4i.-- Men's Socks f Ladies' and Children Stockings, Ihfantt Knitted Shirtiand Shoes, Ladies' and Children's Jeodi', ete. Family Knitting dyne on Reasonable Terms, - MISCELLANEOUS. -- Ilelen M. Gougar, editor of Our Herald, has sued Harry Mandler, chief of police, andChas. Pook, for libel, and claims damages in $10,000. This i3 a straightforward and eminently proper course to be taken by an injured party. ;"' It . . 1 W. Jeans, Brown Tarns,, Whlta Yaras, Colored Yarns, CaaalmeTS, Tweeds, Cotton Cattlnf, Wool Battlnjr, Brooms Waahboards, Brushes, Etc, ... Etc P. AUERBAOH & BRO - ' -- HAVE- mm td TinairaSossnimzf CALL AND .EXAMINE ; "Spring and Summer Goods. 1 3D JAMES, JDj'V TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. for RUMSEY'S ceiebrated LIFT and FORCB Orders frcn PnmpaRopalrod on short notice. the oouotry promptlj responded to. ,, Ll tffJLddtw, David Jama, Box 3M, Salt LaJu City. taTAi-en- t PUMPSy H. DINWOODEY, PHIIB E0S,llMJinEES5L5'; F0T1US 75,2r70rFirstiSouth SALT LJLZB OITT1 Hit F1FUS Street ' 