Si WO 76 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor. EM HE LI K B. WJEIAS, S M-jSLtN- E XV 0 N E N T , mend that IIon3I )3et TJiafcher ba elected by the Caavention as delegate to fill eaid yacuu-yD II. WELT-ii- , In Xiou It la etpeded will be f.u;id net only tho meat skilled workmen, but that the cultivation of all the higher attributes and qualities of iDfci naturo will bring the highest standard-o- f : r perc'.iou rOHfiblaurtoii thi? earth. In this connection so much might be eaid that faint 'idgfylhpfeIjMBf: ljPJDL5U . the beauty, the glory and the excellence of that-- ' . ; - ; - A O. FMOOT, L. JO HA NUTTAI.Ti, EJIMELINE B,;..WkLLS,- ' : in Salt Lake City, Utah Xfyht&fBtlSf Terms: One copy one year, $2, 00; one copy six months I$1.00-Tenrcc- pie 3aie'E"n $2,50: per -- T.ten Jinea .oL iionparell epf-me. month, $3. 00. A liberal discount -- time,' regular advertisers; ; , 7:. of C M. . ExroxEXT Office, in brick building north 10 a. m. to L, East Temple Street. Business hours from . '1 5 p. ni. every day, jSunday. Address all business communicatloas to ;. . OCTOB ER CONFERENCE, i And Woman's Euffrage. As per udj urnm2nt the U.ah Constitutional Convention met in the City IlalJ, Tuesday, Oct. at 10 a.m, Hon. Joseph F. Smith Preaident In the chair. A majority of the delegates were p;e:ent. The roil wa-- called and the thaplain, V. ClufI, efferei The President announced the death of Hon. L E. Harrington, cf the Convention, wnich First I einee tho last Boaeion, on Juno 21, 1S33. o?cjrre The Preaident appointed as a committeo to draft a suitable expression of the pen t imen ts of th e . Cnventl5ua"9TdelIT3y7ris death, Hon. John f Booth," Provo, Arthur Slay ner, Far mirjg'on and Joseph E. BtauforJ, "OJan. Cjmm'.tlej reported the followitg rescluticm: " " Vhereaa,"ProvideDTce in its wisdom has, aince ourlait meatiug, removed from ua our highly re?pocted Brother, the Hon L. E. Harrington, senior vice president of thls Convention," Therefore be it Resolved, by this bo jy, in convention whi'e" we shirelyTie. ploie the absence of our telovo j brtthrr, we acknowledge with pleasure the nobility of soul and manliness of purpose which ever actuated him in his walk in public life... He wai' a man known intimately to the public for upwards cf 85 yearc, during which time to an eminent h, degree, ei?J yed the tntire and richly laden of the public. In a political capacity in which this body has mere pattllukr'y known him, we real'za that he was strictly honest, bread in his view?, sanguine for the good of the people, undeviating in what he recognized as the right course. He mved tho Territory as a Legislator consecutively for 30 years having been elected to the first Assembly. Resolved, That in the demise of our colleague this Territory haV lost a staunch advjcatj for the rights of the peipl;, a congcientioui citizen and a Christian gentleman. ResolvedThat we extend cur sympathies to the family and relatives of our deceased friend, and that a copy of thess reiolutbna Le furni&hed' to his family and be pull jhed in the Utah pa- - aa foijowf : Mr.f President Your committee cn printing rtfpcctful ly re per t th at t h e r epor t3 c f t h e D e IeT gates to Washington and of, the committee pi statistics havo been printed as ordered by the C. VV. Niijley, Chairmau. Convention. ' Couftrence, which waB held la thia cily Oct. 5, 6 and 7, was certainly ono of tb e largest and most interest log that has ever teen convened. It dignities the Tho Fifty-thir- d eeml-anaua- l V pr-ysr- Vice-Preside- growth abi importance of the Kingdom of Gad upon the earth. The large Tabernacle was . 'owdHtod . nt Mr. " d rw strengthen tas faith of the Saints. Tna progress of. the. work the Latter-da- y Saints are engaged In, according to the statistical reports, Is car ainly most encouraging and - shows how cmipletely the enemies of the work have ben defeated in their ctlortd to"hinder its : spread. The fact that tho i mmens e con g r ega tJons were e'dlGeJ aud Sitiaflsd with the instructions given, and the spirit of the Conference ia tufflclent proof insist 1', to those acquainted with the Gjrpel and its effect?, that there waVa -power and in 11 U8nce wl th thoje who addrcgE ed the great concouree of people that satisfied the cul of t h e bver of tr u t h a ad - Intel! igeuce; for j:tho 'M rmon?," bh they are caikd, fully undo stand. the genuine ringf the true metal and cannot be pa!med cQ with counterfeits, of a uiitublance of Goepel truth. It wee n very peaceful gatheih, nothing Beamingly to annoy or dUtu.b the eien flow of .the Bpiri: of God. The inudc of the Tabernacle choir tehig as a whole the composition of home compo7er7, Latter-day Baiub?, was something out of the com-mjand marks in a noticeable degree the advancement in tho higher attainments of this people. B jine of the pieces were sublime, many werejx:ellent, and all were good, and the superior rendering of the music helped those who listened to appreciate home talent in music. In vocal and instrumental music the Latter-caSaints excel, and this is an elevating and inspiring element fn the Church, in the home, and in the commnnity. A great deal has been accomplished In this direction, but when the Temples are completed there will of necessity le an immense number of the sweet singers of Israel needed, a? well as playeis upon the timbrel, the harp and other instruments used for eacred wor. ehip, so that after all thl Is only the beginning. -- n, y con-fidetC- un-Eelfife- I ere. ' 'V -- --- Bec-ond- Vice-Preside- tion: -G- . entlemen-Your nt ee ed . . committee on nominations to whom was refeired the duty of nominating a successor to Hon. Wm. H. Hooper, deceased, as member of the Constitutional Delegation to Washington, beg leave to report and recom - the following -- 1 -' r mo-Ho- n: -- . ticn to .Congress will plobabiy le able to do tome real practical work in Waehington this coming winter, There can be no go ;d reason why Utah ehould ncl bo admitted as a Btate. Every ccnJiticn that tho Daclaration of Inde- pendence requires has been omp'.ied with and yet the people are c orapelied to fcubmit to have a Governor and other t fllaia la appointed without th eir appro va 1 or c onsen t, who come here full of bitter feeling and pri judico to take charge of theallairsof the Territory. Ho vever, H i only a q aeation of time, for the thrift and prosperity of the pccplc, and the con stantly increasing products and reeources of Utah are bound to be recognize! yet in uch a way thaTit will be iujposiibio to debar her peoaa statehood ple from 6uch wijlallo them. When Uiah ia admitted into the Union es a State with, a Woman's Suffrage plank In it platform, tho women of Utah will perhaps be acknowledged as having a place among the women of the nation, which is now a great deal ignored. The newppaprs te)l about Weman Buhrage in Wyoming, and that" women vote on school questions in seven differ- ent States, and bo forth and bo on, but Utah, wtere women have voted for more than twelve yearj, ia' scarce considered; forsootb, because "Moroj on" women vote. Are not "Mormon" women's votes a3 good as thoee of, "Mormon" men? And neither men nor women are allowed toe a t a vote, erhold an office of any kind if they are now, or ever have.Leen living in the practice ' of plural marriage. Aie there not people in the world who hold what might bo termed hetero-doxlcviewa of marriage? Indeed there are,, but they are not religions views I Now that ail thisclafs of "Mormons" are disfranchised, (an-ja- st and unconstitutional zh we deem It from our standpoint) what can there bo a 3 distasteful about woman eufJrage here, that it cannot be spoken of with other States and Territories in that connexion? Certainly the women of Utah are aa honest, as upright, as conscientious, as industrious, as temperate, as amiable as the women of other parts of the Commonwealth. . 8ilf-governm- ent s ; - of-fl- .... - After the reading and approving of tho Journal, on motion of Mr. Cuino, tiie Coiiveiition at. Journed. The committee appcia ted Ij present the h, Hon. John T. Calne moved that the report of the committee be accepted and resolutions adopted as the pent! men tsbf the Conventicu. 7 Attention waicallei to the vacancy In the caused by the death of Mr. Harrington, and Mr. Calne nominated Hon. A. O. Bmoot as First Vices President of the Convention. and ucauimously carried, aud Mr. Smoot took the 8 chair. The ommittee on nominations, : J une 6, presented the following report:appointed Mr. President aad Members of the Conven- - - a d - Nultall preccuted 7 ' I move that w hen tTiHTTmvenlion adj ou r m it be to meet at thij place on Monday, Aprd 7th, 1SS1, at 7 o'clock" p. m. unlo-- eormer called tc- - , 7 gether by the President;; Carried . -- were unable to gain admittance. Indeed, the streets were ro thronged during the hours of ser- vice th it one might aUy hava iinsgine-- meeting waa over. All this la prophetic. It forehad-- . . thelorioaTfuture to which .the Saints have locked forward with such fond anticipation. Tho 'aching and preaching during the three days of Conference a ere tna?i ent y calculated to edify nud e'eate oj w.ll as comfort, and the Holy fcipirit 8 ee u ed to car ry tetstim ony" f tithe heaita o: all who heard. It was.a-- eason of refreshing as well as rejoicing, and vUl assuroJJy tend to thereof . 9, 8S: accepTedmn unanimously adopted,' aud Honorable Moe Thatcher appointed. Hen. C. 7. Penros3 presented the following: Mr. Prevldtnt I move that in case of a recurring irrthe Delegation to Washington from any cause, or if any member thereof is unable to attend to the duties cf Delegate, duriii tho adjournment j3fthiaonve.ntJbtt.Uie--- ' "President hi aathorizad to fill the vacancy by ' b "appointment. Carried. .. Commit tee on printing presented their report CON8IITUTIONAL CONVENTION, 15, 18S3. 1 neF, M.r; .Tan-.- . Va-cahc- y Publisher Womak's Rxponhht, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, OCTOBER "Whlch was read p.nd,oV. mojion ;of which I to cmer'Bat while one" "coutemplHtea all those magnificent rc3u!ts to be aehieved he must not lyae feight of tlie Identical present upon-whic- h eo mush of the great f u ture'depen ds. .to CIlS iffllhTlleo ouiNoniiiia.iaiiS. - al Y 