L - 87 that is guiding, nliich has nn outer wall ' i know more aud can entertain and elify those tl r fee wide vc t iiftcaJb per they come iiKcintacV with, much better than visible as as men of profound learning. It i3 very pleasant corners the plainly ly distinct, been a to be able to learn from ' peop le; one of. the best stupenever they were. It mut have studies in the world is that of human nature as dous building standing upon a solid mass: at t s J we find, it, in. ike $wnl&we&e&f& in eaa L teiLfeetHh ,w iide-stiqu the north -- Ui ti nd t vrdualr"aTJlievTfeomTk n own to us. it must either have; been a temple, a kiiVrel tliTwhole city" l and the many interesting: :ijjentgLtlat:c.Ur -- which-h acterize the life of every person whose hi.'tory large. ; A large room oiutlie east, but- : into is worth knowing," what a vast fund as wall h but" "built , it, .side- the outer 1 -is contained therein. been partly excavated' and shows that' the of For instance, we meet a. lady whose life bas- place was destroyed by lire, as layers on layers-with blackened been sea adies fill the, centre, apart from ours, one whom we had never wlucli-haheard not' some Us well as ve blackened, she as ofand she tells us something of her . her peculiar circumstancesve" be-- : b.'en thrown out. . is also tt come .intensely interested, she has traveled in The pottery here of better quality, shows it to and foreign lauds, seen much of society in the highevery thing being painted, I had er circles and also associated herself as a pail-- . have been5 a place of importance. anthropist among the humble, the needy and strange feelings as I walked over their grave and the distressed. From her we learn many usewhat scenes wondered had bf the past, ful lessoxis. We find her well posted in the been enacted there. Any one could spend atfairs of the nation, and able to converse' iu days at that place and not be satisfied, and it in this the government and the poll- such is only one. of many telligeutly-abou- t 'country; I his- would like to study up the Book of Mormon cy of itsjtatesmen, yethaviug e are plainJyJraAehng-4the tracks now. "."fory full of material worthy a place in the" li- could not' sleep last night "brarysof the novelist. She tells us of the ttieCcpTfte.?. noble of her friends who' are "for studying and thinking aboutjthal-phac- e, A poem and" longing to know its history. striving to elevate otners, or their strutrsles written on. that ancient pile ought to be grand. against the sneers and reproaches of those "who -live narrow and selfish lives. sou tbr side of Tr range JVriire Jiving' -o- n-the 0, what of hills that'becomc ambitious now and then uolj,lity..of. purpose- neryJeJJtJlpe, tv'Vo ..in thA- stand boldly fort h and nt a i jiiul aijnasLiaok-- l i thrarrpfcTF: "fFcFW'cTueropposillon proudly conscious of their superior power to ty o. qnaiis, rabl)its, coyotes and rattlesnakes " ride above' the common conditions of mortals, in t:ie:iii;and plenty of lovely little spots up" receive from those to whom their ministra- .the gulches minus water, besides fctrorig inditions seem almostUi vine, the love and affection cations Of gold. The, most fault I have to find that more than repays them for any annoyance with the country is its partiality .for thorns; it has caused. The story cf a life; or not content with .supplying every native tree the 'most intensely interestwhat is it? It with them.. besides a half a dozen kindi'of eae- ing, thrilling and pathetic of anything that we ground in balls, just could possibly imagine, no matter whether the like flowers do in other, countries and" woe to the. barefoot or thin soled traveler who comes 2ersou has traveled by land and sea, or in contact with them. It would make you whether the life ha3 been" passed iu a country"" start to see one of our toads,- they will about town. without. any great" changes or inte'rrup- - . fili a good sized' v.ash dish tions, it still has that peculiarly fascinating comfortably. Just charm that will draw around it that which imagine one'of these pets hopping about the house catching Hies; lizards are plentiful, from awakens the tender emotions of the heart." "Let the little white ring-tailehalf a dozen people meet together and each variety to the Gila one tell her peculiar experiences, what a vol- monster, but we considered them nice littto 7" time Jsco'ntainedm pets since rattlesnake season commenced -7 evil,-if While looking at the giant, thorny cactus I ; We how much we nuiy...avoidft'4iat-i- s often thiiikjDtthVpoor-mai- rr TieJlhT lessons "thus given, or onthelother Brother C. It. Savage, perched up in one of them for a photo, haud, what incentives there seem to be to purf and think if he was going to set me up in one sue an upright, onward course- in the nossible. In this I would speak to have it well covered wiiii the hi O .iest Ot'ood . ' "Z sheet iron, wouldn't you? must actually EnHedprljuT think, must concentrate our ideas, and PEOPLE WE MEET. our energies in the direction to .which we aspire; a'careless, thoughtless person will never In this great world there are various ways accomplish much, for whatever one does there of .'gaining, knowledge. It is often said must of necessity be work in it. is obtained irom books, or by means" knowledge JWe am always telling our young people to of ed ucatim, meaning such as one gets in I lie" read the biographies of distinguished people, lHrol5TsTInne eiisc of the word thisJs partthere is so much to be learned from them; that is ' ly true, but itis very far from being the whole all very? true, and the advice is quite prbper,but truth. There are many other methods of obthere is really much to be learned from the e fac- - : taining knowledge. We hear a gerat deal .in people we meet e verjvdavifwadiave-the the present day about people, notulty to discern and study character. Not only withstanding all the schools, colleges and uni- - . that, but the manner' and appearance make an ' versities that"coyer the land, aud from whence-thimpression, and one..desires to; emulate that The society which is perfect in everything. light of science beams with refulgent ray s, vet after all, these highly educated,- college-learne- d wassoeiate with help3 us to be better or we men seldom make so successful a mark -retrograde. Improvement is the aim of all in the voHil, as those. Ayho; struggling with adwho have even orilinary ambition, and when I verse surroundings develop those persistently gayim)rovement I do not.mcan alono in mind, end uring (pjalities tha Hfeaillhat-liclpHrakini and womenbe tojzgappie" wi th .untoward circumstances, - and overco me more perfect in every acquirement, and to what" would be to the weak insurmountable able to help others a3 wall as themselves. And ' obstacles. It 13 true that experience is a dear I argue that every 'good and great man or is school, and it also perfectly true tbat its les.woman does help, mankind, and it should be sons. are far moreJmpres,sive than those learned Saint to make the desire of every Latter-da- y j from books. - the most of the opportunies given; and in fact n : Not to undervalue book education, for that not to wait for opportunities to come, but to. I 'ould not dc, ftill there are many people who push forward an. do nil in his or her power leav-ng- J to obtain knowledge on all subjects in every is right and proper, and above all way-thaask God for wisdom .to, a.id in the search for "knowledge, and to help us' To discriminate between that: which will ennoble and exalt and r-- a a'tW-Ctai-i- b t . , , . . tttm 1 jfei-whicli- '. detrctroran11 : . . for-goml- ce, . " -of . sonaf n '! -- - . -- -in ; . . :h very v "good aud pure, and noble of our o wn day. The people we meet in the daily walks of life, - thosewho are really, worth cultivating will have power to influen.cel-ii- 3 gome ouTy in our deportnient, or conversation. If we are to prepare "ourselves to associate with angels and holy being, and this is what ' a saint aspires to, wo cannot begin too soon, and laying aside all that h frivolous and emp- ty, do honor to the position we occupv on this earth and prepare for an exaltation in the future, which we can only obtain by our faith- fulness, diligence and fervor in all good works. " Aunt Em. ; ; noidvjulageJierer- - common to refer to" those who have Jived long ago , patterns of exeeJlence, and to ignore the : - life-experien- of ff ourrrown en-o - will- be herearteT7oeelv; to emulate thosf: .who have given us the best examples, and .look among riigher,--probabi- j ll ! . . ' . : self-sacrific-es FOIt. THE JOURNAL.- - . Right tnhc-mvMjuToTT- " -- God-fearin- j he - promptings of their hearts. This they could not dl in that land where'lhey then dwelt, (being persecuted und driven from one place to another) so they sought America, not be-- - d -- - attain-mnnt.'o- A - : . self-mad- , - e 7 - . e rd-sa -- ' -- ad voeatedd the aye stood with firmness and integrity to their cause, triumph has been their reward. I do not know of .any . time-whe-n, this has been shown more forcibly than in tjie early settlement of America. The Puritan? were a p:o: pi e, i t seems to me, who were d irccted. by the hand of God to take tliel'ourse they did. They g we're a conscientious, people. A who felt that they had a right to people, too, in Him accordance with the inmost worship - self-deni- al i-- u opin-essionjjvheu- : ke-ni- -ou " ha3 always met with . :. cause f itVatlvan T ling place, but that they might enjoy their rights unmolested. They left their homes, -- and with it! hearts started out, hopSful, on thei r journey, not knowing that thei would,. destinatiift they sought, yet for God their guidance. in trusting rhyeaeheiHntaluramTIn time prospered and grew. In after years, when tie revolu tion broke out, .tms spirit of nirht . was f:t li e"Alner riffiiferflitiealt icau people. The majority of them had come to this land that they might live in accordance with the dictates of their consciences. So great was the desire to maintain this that they fought for freedom of conscience, and ' many of them diedjbrjt Theiito make its establishment more sure, it was made one of the articles of our Constitution, that. "Congress shall make no: law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free, exercise thereof." This was a liberty of which no other.nation could boast, and which has been a bright and shining ... ornament to America because it was a rudit and just law. We have men in the lialh of who say they are proud.of the ; Congress fact that they are Americans; who are proud to tell of her liberty and her freedom; and these very men are trampling in t) the dust thedawsJ of the Constitution and enacting in their stead others contrary to the spirit of it, fur the purpose of oppressing, and finally driving the people of Utah; aud all because our religious views do not coincide with theirs, and because we choose to worship Godas lie has commandSaints are a ed that we shall. Tho Latter-dawith fifty millions of peovery few compared the we satisfaction of knowing have but ple; th&t weJiavexight theJnrlnnT7 whose word can never fail, thatjf. isef Jiira . fu-aye- to-da- y y 