jf. :y" addifferent wards. Bishop .Foreman-the- n dressed the sisters! spoke on Celestial Mar- riage, said it was a holy order, also spoke of me great eviis mat now exist among the young, loia tne mothers to Jook. after their daughters, that th ey mjcnt ri ok:bVlel astrav To teach their- - sons virtue and temperance. -brother uiies spoke on the fame subject, said a great responsibility -- restedointbearenlar-a' 'etar5.5'j'Casli MaetA Tbavelleb, Secretary, :", : Elizabeth Merrill, Asst. Secretary. $5.00; Total, $7.50.; - , : goou spirit preyaueu inrougnout tne conference, and much excellent counsel was griven. jwnjei(Aajournea:ior;three monthsr Mary Bronson. Seererary-R- . Sr Minutes yf the Fourth Annual Meeting of uv i.ivuiuuuu a. ijuiaij ajouciauan, neiu j)iav xwwv, x iwiucui. Atxary zLiisop presiding. Singing, "Always Cheerful." Prayer by Elder u.uUu.- - kjwjgmg, it e are ine cnilu-re- n of the Saints." Minutes of the last al meeting, and the yearly report read and approved. The officers were presented and sus- w"v'4 ,ui "wmug jrcar, as i oiio ws: Jiiary Allsop, President; Mary Monson and Maggie W. Thompson, Counselors; Mary. A. Traveller. uvvvj , xiAciini, vsaisiant secre- - Ajuiicu auu uaue xiyer, Teachers. The following programme was rendered: Marinda Mon-8vm "' Hansen uoiaeneT Dialogue, entitled, us xaiea jayer anattan - nah Funk; Susie ic,Thomas sang. "Home Sweet "ed. To Brigham viouug;' AT,v xieme uuiien recited, "Birth of' TV JoseDh and7 Hvrum'lirfl.fa t rKt, -- rrsang, 'Paddle your own CanoeT Millie Traveller recited. "The chink p.n tW AiA' Smia Beck saner. "Littla Fnnf.." t?:-- : by Maud Tipnetts, entitled, "Never say cant, SkidmnrA but Til trv: sang, . facuoD;"- - Alaria - v.. Justin boys will grow;" T- Wif tcr "Tis meeting day " was sang - "Three Rules;" Charles Skidmore recited. "Do was sang by Bes- J"VCZ na,J "ling," sie Cluff: LauraMerril? ;mii?l"wru ment;" Dialogue, by'Hyrum and Walter Mon- buu, wuwwxrjggingiuoiar-ioongby Lucy Petty, Hyla Hendricks and Maud Tippctts. Katie Secret-Sele- ct Jrea&ng, by Birdie , en-Utle- d, Harrison; "The Blackberry Girl" was Delia ana Mary iuie),-xs- iw,i-h;;.- Bateafit mn'JKU nr - a Thompscii tions were asked, which; wera answered by the wAiuuiuiH ccia," nat nave ' you doneDialogue, by Jane Hyer and Rorina iir xuu, 6uiiuwj,.aii:.Aiicfl:;iirower re-nine ciieu, CSiloe ::j.ne "BaVkine." RameyentiUed, T -- by ' """" ' fttiacu me cnua ; ren for rendering their parts so well. Gave ex ' cellent advice: -- ro f -- rr Sister Frances Traveller ? said;- - remember what you learn at Primary, for the children will have to bear off the Kingdom. Sister Betsey Brower advised the children to u m iucy were wia, ana never say "nd when called on to perform Sister Hannah T. Brower said, it is four years : -- bless you thm.... A all; and help .. youto improve in all . .. PrcddenMaij; Allsop told childreu U m.:u remember :caloveMeac see the Temnle." - J. k MpnAif? a vjsc .v -- c-j V x early reportrrrNumKAr Af o?f JJ3?;f2r4;465 LOO? . ; Pfifri trt L mi iLij CaslTpaid """i viu, SOUTH COTTONWOOD- 1 Minutes of thePrimary .Association ot South Cottonwoo- d- Ward,-- May 23rd, 11883." Meetintr called to order by President E. Davis. .Opened by. .singing, "Gather - them into the fold." Prayerby Cnarles bhepperd-ising- mg, kill the little birds." The forenoonexercises were mostly composed of gongsand recitations, and the manner in which the young folks acquitted themselves of their parts was 1 : v .! really noteworthy. , Afternoon meeting. Called to order by .Presi dent E. Davis, at two P.m. Sineinz. Prayer by Brother Thomas - Wheeler. Singing, 'Do what is right" r Sister E. Clawson addressed the children; told us she could see a marked improvement siuce . her - last visit, and was pleased to see so many present. 1; V 4 Emmeline 6. Wells addressed the . Sister -- .. - 1 was pleaseti to sees6many closed her few remarks, leaving V niiiujK maienai. a general re , gret that she did not occupy more time. Sister Jjouio Jj elt, oister Mary .breeze, bister Liddell and Sister Mary Rawlins, each, gave an expression of the interest they felt in our Primary meetings, and closed, .leaving their blessings for ihe ipoyaand rlsofvIsraeL jJ At lour-- o clock r p.m. the r exercises closed,- each andL every one I being --pleased "with the i entertainment. Benediction by Sister Wheeler. .y -- . E. M. Brlrtox, . . - -- Oct i ZuRicii,brought 16th, 1882. The of solitude is to a sharp reali2ation of the march of modern impmvA- ment if he expects to indulge" a taste for rural simplicity at the Righi Kulm; Contrast sare wonderfully striking "therel Coming "down from the clouds as far as the hotels; we found much that was of the earth, earthy.. With our wraps ire threw off for the time the enchantment , which : held us l spell-boun-d j ust our: then above; present surroundings' There on that Alpine height, which only a few years ago was seldom visited expect by those desir ous of -- performing a : pilgrimage, we found gatsts from all nations and lands, accommodated as weUaseywouMjcxpect : to be H any of the cities joXourcntmintJ i In l816 a small hous i to shelter the occa- t ional visitor jwas for :the; first time erected there. In 1848, the first regular inn was built. To-da-y we find several handsome and substantial buildincs Ton: f the vmouj&tainV those at ""the Kulin alonelhaying comfortable! 'quarters for about twothouiand guests, with plenty of well trame4lclerfe'porter8 and" waiters, to attcnxl to .. . z . iiir their; wantsssia a.longrdf awii I out rtable d'hoteV dinner is served oen afleri the; going: 'down" of the sun. Wearolbld there ard -- parties 'equal to Appreciating that exercise even herePerhapn tney r " - 1 . are a jdlgrtowbcta , w 3 penance., r., ,r. We iouna the large salon well lighted and fitted in Iuxuricaaly5farn3& and mt AP moderns pikna:: lent Jts familiar tones to the swne.jylnKiunVd rblic-were quite asmuch :in order above. the clouds as we had found vitrinrtbe. lower region : It would :se yas one of artbOThjhism tEa horoaghtas of;cfowiwuneincQ. we met no less than a half dozen of our acquain-- . ' tances on the summit ' 40ne eeldom has a cFahco to feel absolutely lonesome eten in'this fer awayj" Iahd, since at eKry'irnisg ihcrois'a porHbility of meeting t. 4: -, - ? -f- 1 'sxtL glory which shall: bo our-.eveih-h- sU;Bii2tli: 'to aVe bilj'Jthe round about us; Since ; T2 ''r!'A-- t aru sun - ul tne iiesa are so clasp the hands of those whom we left on the other side, to tea them - the wonders we have seeni and show them the treasures we have been permitted to enjoy," may we ri ot con elude that our unceasing yearning for the dear ones ' we-TT- : r-- r'-r no . who have gone before us . will have its' most precious answer when we find that place ill the Father's home which we are assured has been repared for all who . desire to enter therein? t very often happens to us iiowf on this side to meet with some casuaL friend or acquaintance whom we have not seen since we left bur own shores, perhaps one whom ' we seldom met or scarceljr knew therc";The "sighVbf sucVa cne here in this: strange, :land is' at once aborid of union, and we start" on Kin " a new sort of acquaintance, finding' out so ; many satisfactory things about this new friend,' or this bid friend, blind or so- - full of other things as riot to have' seen "deeper fbre?All; time tends towards less ' an d the n things of this earth wflLhave passediy for J inay'it not be that the new heaven arid the new earth' shall show ustrar frienaVagain, revealing more than our learthleyeTuJd" ever see of sweetness and perfection? Here it seeriis certain that we drift on in one sense in the great current of life. Those who are very prpcinna in nst go wit.li ns or Arc swept beyond us. There we may : hone to find them H v Here'we. secthrough ; a' glass, darkly;w there pco lauo tu xucu. r ine woras wnicn are:sokcn or thewords which "are, left unspoken jn this world will : find their it ue.meari-ing, and we shall understand those about us as it has been itnpos3ible to comprehend them" with our earthly limitations, V.' i : -- Inside our hotel there was a little world all by itself. Outeide1 U3thr'evening darkened into the nightr Tt was cold, damp and cheer less. -- There' was not the ' sense of insecurity that weTeH at Hi Washington. The clouds' had gathered so ' pro " our ascent that we did not; feel ;how entirely we were lifted cabove the ;andpointJof ord-- : nary rriortals. The summit of the Right was quite a little walk above us, so we felt that we were "quite securen bur Our sensawere tions, akin to those we have' t certainly " when out ; at : sea.'; As the moon ' struggles 4 through the mists for a' few seconds we see' a restless surgbgo unconlisten the for voico of the fog. sciously warning whistle; a3 we . did on .'shipboard 2when the clouds close in again. We miss "the raonoto: nous, faithful ' beating of-- the hnge engine whoe strokes kept pace with' all our thougkts, ' wakingor sleeping,- through .'the many days that the fair green earth wa3 hidden from our ' eternity. A feyt! .years "'more 1 or ;- - uf?r-the- ; EARLY MORNING ON THE RIGHT. :, lover Webf; wonder ifjouTninto;tha other land bemd; the . Sea of Timewill bd! as full of srlad szzrDrisef arid - Hannv recoSiitions. In our own hearf sreliave-arivicti-oii not tender greetings easilyeason will be.wafting us "beyond. the of day," and that long' guides twill go .witb us intothe presence of "Our' Father" as soon .as our feet shall be able "to tread the wondrous awjhat' - 4 ;tovTempIee2D.00f4mirra' hAAb-- t 7 . ' . v - RICHMOND. . We have, found ours in the bowels of. the earth and bn"the misty niountain' topst a friend. OOrProperty MT'blaSo!,, - ":i" mrinZ -- - ' '7"s' ejes. is There nothing more for us to see outside the house" We-gm , and the clerk bring3 us t;r -- o a huge book wherein we; aro expected to inscribe our names." We look it over with now and then a note or exclamation as we come upon some well known riamerAgocdly com: i pany ha3 evidently gone on before us) . , We gathered' our forces and wentVup' the great stone stairs in the rotunda to find pur sleeping roomsall of which, proved coriiforta- ble zm- - convenient. We were "to be rbuVe'd -- X 1 