WO M A NIB J1E XPONE NT. 360 demned Savior is tursed ifllo pity for the wretch who betrayed Him. And well may be be pitied. JNo man heed suffer hell who looks and feels aa that man does. No wonder. the Son of God could commiserate his murdererf, and Invoke the clemency of heaven upon the Ignorant, 1 unthinking rabble who clamored for his sacrifice." "Father forgive them, for they. . know not what tbey dc!' . But for Judas the - apostate, the betrayer of his brethren, the Bhed-- ; der of Innocent blood, the wi ful sinner, against light and knowledge, what remaineth for him? : Alas .nothing, nothing but that "certain fear-- " ful looking for of judgment and fiery ladigna' Hon" that shall devour the adversary and his dupes. Go thy way, thou doomed and desolate Boul! Hide thy visage in the tomb where - 'my., -'- t -- -- . of thy redemptionir Thou hast betrayed the Innocent blocd, thou hast sold the Lord of life-u- n to death, and writ-fe- h " in ahand of flre damnation" uxa eleep -- forever-all-hop- es lineament of thy existence. thy way, thou Lasted b but think not to scorched; and teing, escape thy visitation, for though thy body turn to dust, and earth that shall curse thy name would fain repudiate thy memory, yet thy spirit shall live on, live on in endless torment, where" the worm that dleth not and the fire that cannot be quenched shall inflict upon thee the terrors cf that dreadful, but for thee merited punishment, the end of wh'ch no man. .. v knoweth, : tz. In the dim perspective, near the portals of the Hall of Judgmen t, having the statue of Caesar and an Interior view of Jerusalem injJhe background, are outlined the forms cf Pilate, the Roman governor, and Herod, the tetrach ' of Galilee, who, " were made friends together" that same day, the former, distinguished through the gathering darkness by his long red .toga, appearing by his attitude and to disclaim all responsibility for the tragedy then being enactedthe "Judicial murder" of the sinless Son of God. There are various other features, though we have mentioned the main ones, of this remarkable creation, which lack of time and 1 limited space preclude from notice, and which, like all the rest, are only to ba appreciated by being seen. "Christ leaving the Prietcrium" is a masterpiece, both cf conception-an- l execution, a ser- to mon whose silent eloquence the dullest ear could not listen in va'n. M. Dar6 has numer. cus paintings, all cf them excellent, and many magnificent, but the one we have attempted to describe is undoubtedly the crowning effort of his life, eclipsing by Its sunlike splendor the brightest of its rivals, and compelling them to shine with the subdued radiance of its f atellites. J 1 ; re . halo-of-lo- - - AN OPEN LETTER. IIannah Tapfield Kino. - "nOMESPUN" AND ALL THOSE DEAR SISTERS WHO HAVE SO KINDLY A ND so TO of My I Salt Lake City, Feb. 19jl883. sweetly sent in their names agreeably to her sugges-tion,-i- n a ppreci ation IN MEMORIAM. -- my t writings. ' Dear Sisters: . hope you have not thought me tardy and unappreciative in not having ere this , : giyeiitime-- - forr the-sistc- rs to 1 Salt Lako City, Feb. 14, 18S3. v -- Resolutions of respect to tho memory of Sarah Halgb, who departed this life Jan. 20, 1883, aged 56 ycare. ; ; e Whereas an4 providence has 'called from us by tho hand of death, onr beloved and respected all-wis- acknowledged thecompliment you have all M kindly and so sweetly paid me. At first J:wanted,to . , ister who was present with us at our last meeting; "V thereforo.. re-"- z spond, and then I became very ill through a severo fall that' confined me to the house for six weeks, - and deprived me of vital energy;" but nover, no never, did your kind letters and that beautiful column names, become dim on the tablets of sister Sarah naigh tho loss of an able, efficient and worthy teacher and in the 4th Ward Re' lief Society. Kesolvcd, That we esteem her past faithful labors and devotion to duty worthy tho fellowship and of usalf. highest respect BsolTed? Tfo&ys condole and deeply eympathlze " er f -of d r y , out-record- - - 'l::.-;:- ;; 4 And her children all will miss her, That dear faco they Iored bo well, And her kindness they'll remember While upon tho earth they1 dwell. ' ': " 1,-' : . CECi con-geni- al every ADD11SSED with the bereaved family and friends in tho lost of a klud - wife, tlont mother-,-worthtearrand good and respected citizen. ' lCesolved,- - That tfceso resolutions be r pread upon an d that ft copy bo furnished tho here avedu family, also tha Womam's Exponent for publication!.-- . Toure respectfully, r;.s " V ,SCsan Speuht. M. E. Tatlob, Secretary. ."DearestSistcr, thou halt left tie," Gono to meet the friends of yore; Where your kindred and your loved ones Have preceded yon before. "Weep not for your wife, dear Brother, You will meet her if you're true To the cause of truth and virtue, And your onward course punuo. - Go ' how-- 1 tiinconsidenng; it. V JpenT much, -co- uld-suitably: At last I have- - come.;-to-lith- e acknowledge" conclusion, that as it was mooted through the "columns of the Exponent that would be "the fittest receptacle for the expression of my feelings in regard to the sweet compliments paid to me;; and hence for that r purpose I now take pen in hand. It was something so entirely unexpected, and so unique in the. design, that for a Jong time I stood, as it were with my finger on my lips, musing on so rare an event in my hitherto -"sequestered - vale - of life." -- My writings will- tell . that the thought of what is called fame. is not in my private lexicon. Like the bird upon the tree, I sing my song, or tell my tale, and these have often made for me a sunshine , "in the shade,- and hroughtlo my heart its own reward; it peoples solitude with beings ' to me, and keeps the heart and brain from rusting; nay, it polishes both with a brightness that defies time and age. So you will see there is considerable self in it after all; but at last sweet voices break in upon my solitude and words of loving commendations fall upon mine ear what do I hear? Listen! I am told that I have blest that I have comforted- that I have elevated and called forth a desire to emulate and do likewise, etcetera. and most especially the etcetera! This has caused me ' to rejoice, has fanned the dying flame of inspiration and caused me to rise and shake' off the dust that might by illness have gathered on my brain and the first eflbrt is a few lines to express my thanks to those who have thrown over me this genial n fl uence. Again I look , at the host of tributes lying before me and I read prayers for my health and strength long to continue, for.length of days to continue my loving work and then but no, I must not repeat more of those sweet words, that I hug to my heart, for praise from such pure, nobler generous, unsophisticated spirits, make diamonds and rubies aid priceless gems of earth, -appear as dust on the balance to my enraptured, grateful and appreciative soul! I entreat each dear loving sister tp take my words and apply them especially to herself and in return, I pray rand believe that your sweet prayers will be heard in the Court of Heaven, and answered upon my head; and I ask for you, my sisters, similar blessings upon each one of those dear name that forma ve around my brow. May we meet, if not on earth, in the glorious eternities that 'lie before us, for I feel there is ..the tie of love and congeniality around us, that is not of the earth, earthy. Again accept py grateful thanks and more, my rich appreciation of the medal of honor you have so .elegantly presented to me and believe that living or dying I shall "turn tho leaf to read'' your sweet appreciation and" loving words. Accept the heart and hand of your apprecia-- " tive friend and sister, " -- - heart and brain; but R S. Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. - willaed city primary. 7 1 Proceedings of our last Primary Quarterly Conference, at Willard, Feb. 10th, 1883. We had a programme arranged previously, consisting of songs, reoitations and dialogues. The children, with willing hearts, performed the parts assigned them. We held meeting in the morning, commencing at 10 o'clock by singing and prayer; and dismissed "at 12 o'clock. Some of our little, folks . reciting.. pieces reminded us of the ancient prophecy, "Out of the mouths of babes shall praises bo uttered unto the Lord." We held a party in the afternoon, commencing at 1 o'clock'. Our boys numbered up to and girls seventy-five- , sixty-fivBishop George Facer and .counselors made the children a surprise, consisting of r plenty of candy and nuts, which pleased the children very much. We closed our party at 6 o'clock, We also held a concert the 17th of January. The singers were members of the Primary, and - under - the direction- - of Bro- Lewis D. Edwards, who takes a great delight in teaching our Primary in the art of singing. in the Gospel, 72l From " your 1 Jane Owens, President. ' James S. Perry, ' e, co-work- ers -- 1 ' -- David A, Harding, .....1; taylor, apache Editor Exponent: . co., Secretaries. -arizona. Our Primary held a Fair, Dec. 13th, under the auspices of the ofiicers of the Association. The Fair was opened at 10 a.m. by singing and prayer. There was a general attendance of the people of Taylor and Snowflake. The children showed considerable interest in preparing articles for the occasion. There were two wreaths of wool flowers madelby girls of seven and eleven years old. A' nice case and - cross neatly ornamented with wax -- flowers ty a girl nine years old. One boy seven years e - old made and painted a garden rake," two and painted two baby cradles; their ages were nine and ten. One boy fourteen years old made an axe handle, window sash and broom. There were four pairs of stockings knit by girls from six to eight years old One girl nine years old neatly ornamented a cross with shells and wool flowers; there was one wagon neatly made and painted - by a -- boy twelve years old; a girl twelve years eld pieced and quilted and carded the wool for a quilt; one girl thirteen years old crocheted a tidy. There was a great variety of other things, ornaments of card such as mottoes, comb-caseboard, straw braid, hair and wool wristlets, crochet and knit lace, four pictures paitned boys-mad- s, 