W 0 MAN' S E XPONENT. 121 - be men enough to outvote the Liberals; for ano ther year will give Utah m ore voters young men, "wiio will Bave Just attained their majority, and each succeeding year will add new TIIE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. . EUSIELIXE B. WELLS, Editor. the list; Pnblished semi monthly, In Salt Lake Cltr, TJta -- Terms: One copy one year, $3.. 00; one copy elx months $1.Q0 Ten copies for the.price oLidne.. Advertising rates: Each square, ten. lines of.- nonpareil space, one time,: $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to. rejcular advertisers. Exponent Ofllce, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours Jrom 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. ., " rr Address all business communications to . Publisher Womak's Expoxixt, ' Salt Lake City Utah. .. tfrtCvS&f- nol so easy a matter after all to get Congress to pass the Cassidy bill for there are leading women in the nation, who feel this involves a point of lawr which may work, dlaas- trously against all women, should Congress thus decide against the women of Utah. It does seem strange, after all that has "'.benushe3jcgn. cerniflg the "elec tion, "and" th e discrimination against those who weie even suspjejted iof ever.: Laving lived in the" plural order- - of marriage, that there should be an Impression that these pliyal wives were allowed to vote; makiDg this one of the pleas for the passage of the Cassidy -- - -- . ; , SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY x 15, 1SS3. EDITOR'S CHAT. The prejudice which set in i t nnii iroh rt ,r ni s r : r. so heavily against " vv- 6eei:li . . " - PeHTtt.Ar nearly:: spent its fury. A spin" t of inquiry or partly curiosity as well, has been incited through the dreadful extrava-ranzr- s that TYinrm Rnmnr has circulated to help overthrow "Mormonism." There are many intelligent people asking ques- linns h'v letters (of tho McrmAns" ti5.mali7s)- concerning the practical, workings of ;plura marriage, Hs effect upon society, its domestic embarassments, its physiological and hygeinio value. Religion some cf these querists do not" idea, but the sanctity of marriage as a divine iiiuiiiu o uiuiu tu nyuiau aa. iu mall nui) to regulate, many believe and clim. It"!s a Question which 1.3 bound to excite, sneclal fitter. . tion in the world of mankind erb many "years .'-ana one wnicn women wen .jnow, ..pave lapsed 17" l iz ... "ii. ii j in "1m yanui umu raiiu.iv uu4 jjiiHMJu js in meir own hands.But a truce to all thi3, it i3 a sub-iec- t so complicated, that volumes might be written upon It without elucidating all its points, a .Li ' not .iime-or-spauui at" preseui, we nave 107 ri eiauDrateunon-ini- s matter, ine annrnainnsi condition of women, under the peculiar circum stances with which this people are environed '1' 1""'": a . a. L m. A 9 ce 1 t a .I- -. I ruupu, wueuua Edmunds : Iw in i J. a.. iaio iae? - . ! .. J cansiaeraiioiL-in- e At 'ta JuIl force upon men as well as women, must of itseii be an Interesting study to thoe eking cn and disinterested. And it is not a matter of astonishment gf'.er all, that theT queslicn shoulrl cume from various quarters, "What wiii be tbe aciian of th Mormons to- - s wards : the Commissi-nerc?"How will the 51 ormon eopje regard the Edmunds law?" and a long list of similar interrogations. .Notwithstanding the diefrancbifcment of all men and women who were even suspected of 1 ar been at an v -J tlmpMIv! O riag relations, the majority of votes for the can- 1 " v 3 7 forsooth to correct this great mistake, which has - for a candidate who was in every way worthy the confidence of his constituenlH is found absolutely nece3sary now to make another still-modesperate attempt (0 wreet tlm ballot from the hands of the women of Uah. TiIs time. oy urging congress to annul the tviof the Utsh Legislature of 1870, granting suffrage to women, fn doing this,-mefeel they are perfectly justl- n woman, anywjurty the light to vote. But even vU. euwuju iurj t .tuiijpjjisu meir uesjgn, wiu net glvti the Libeiala the balance of nower thev desire, in order to control the putllc treasuries of the Terr i tory , "and plac 3 the 1 ople'a Party at the mey of thesemei . Jng federal cfllcials and C3Uld- thft felt kPfnmnl!hr, yvw.umi carpet-baggers- 1 r- - Even ih..n.Hii "VIS Tli SUM re -- bill. The annuling of that act of the Utah Legislature would bring upon Congress the indignation of all suffrage workers in America and across the water. Not that members of Congress who favor it wouIdfeir or car, but it would be a blow that would tell far and near. HOME AFFAIR3. Mrs. Zlna D. H. Young has been invited to attend the W. S. A. Convention to be held in Lincoln Hall, Washington, D. C, the 23d, 24th and 25 ih of the present month. The Salt Lake Stake Conference was held in-th- . Mllliken, youngest sister of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and widow of Arthur Milliken, died on .the 9th of December last, her huBband died about eight months previous to her decease. Lucy Smith, afterwards Milliken, was well-- " known to the Saints in the early days of tha Church, and she was also greatly beloved for her many excellent womanly qualities and graces of character. ...-- . The Eighteenth Ward Chapel was dedicated on Sunday evening. Jan. 1 4 th . - The t ervices were conducted by Eider Robert Patrick, First Counselor to Bishop Orson F. Whitney, who is ab3ent upon a mission in Europe. Presiden t John Taylor and President Joseph F. Smith each, addressed the assembly. Counselor D. O. Calder and'Jeseph E.Taylor of the Presidency of this Stake cf Zion were also present. President Jos. F. Smith offered the dedicatory prayer. Elder H. Cf. Whitney had charge of the singing. The benediction was pronounced by President Joseph E. Taylor. The building was crowded with people." The chapel U a credit to the people vf the wardpnbeautiful in design and handsomely finished. , . The entertainment given New Year's night by the Primary Association of the Eleventh .1 ITT v ruoi mis city, under the able- - management of Mrs. Louie Fell. v. as a verv vUfAhi .iffo! Tn ringing by hundred and twenty-fiv- e wm weu siiuurea aoncj sad vine! tkJU and -- e - -- .Iwhh-Wo--1- -1 S4LD0 The entertainment cleared " " " tv ' donated to the Daseret Hospital Fund, for the benefit of that Institution. u " " , On Sunday evening, December ZV, we were agreeably surprised by receiving "a call from Mr, and Mrs. Henry Marion Howe, of Boston, "tye regretted exceedingly that urgen t business com- pelled them to leave the citj Monday morning, to that there vas very little opportunity for them to ascertain facts from observation. Mr. Howe-Ithe son of the celebrated Mrs. Julia Ward Howe, poet, lecturer and Journalist, belongs to the stall of editors of the Woman's Journal, pub-- ' lished In Boston, fine is very, popular as -- s nd "Europe, and is an ardent suffragist and strong supporter of the enfranchisement of all women. . : : s peaker,-m-Amc.ri- cas On the 21st of January, the yenerable pioneer lady, Eliza R. S. Smith, poetess of Zion, and widow of the Prophet Josepjb, will jeaoau the great age of seventy-ninyears with faculties bright and active, physical health excellent, still wielding her pen ably in defense of the truth, visiting the sick, comforting the sorrowing, and ministering in holy places: she has nobly earned the title "Mother In Israel." Side by side with Sister Eliza is another pioneer woman in the glorbus work, Sister Zina; for years these two women have been closely associated, and- - their names are linked together tenderly among the Saints. Sister Zina D. H. Young will be sixty-- t wo yeara old op the 3 1st day of the present month. Sister Eliza and Sister Zina, are house hold words in Utah, and long may they be asso ciated together and work for the elevation of .woman and the establishment of Christ's king dom upon the earth. ; On Friday, Jan. 12, there was a special meet ing of the Relief Society of Mill Creek Ward e' Assembly Ha?l, Jan. G and 7, and was very numerously attended. Very impressive discourses were delivered by Prest. John Taylor, Counselor Joseph F. Smith, and the Presidency of this Stake of Zion, aud it was a time of spiritual refreshing to the Saints. . . It will ba seen by Dr. Ferguson's advertise, ment that she has removed to the Twelfth Ward, where she has an office adjoining her dwelling, and will te glad to receive those . who may be desirous of securing her services 83 a" physiciTiirsurgeon. She has a class in obstet- rlcs now well advanced, andwould l glad to teach'more In the much' needed profession, or in T the art of nursing. We ate Informed by letter srom Mrs. Sarah: M. Dail, Beaver, Utah, that Mrs. Lucy Smith perseverance on the part of those who trained them for the occasion. The selection" of songs recitations aad dialogues were choice and well reauereu, many, or ine niet ones belog cuw-S young. . -- xne "peeping ueauty" was finely presented, the children being well up in their . JriMeelingHDU8e-CommeBcing-at0a- ii tn txcelknt attendance of the peoin that ple vicinity, and Heveral sisters from the city, were present by invitation. Sisters Eliza R. S. Smith, Zina D. H. Young, M. Isabella Home, Helen Mar. Whitney, Sarah M. Kimball and Maria W. Wilcox, also Sister Elizabeth Howard from Big Cottonwood At intermission, a sumptuous repast was served in the vestry, and the time was spent in sociaP enjoyment. There was an afternoon session at 2 p.m., which gave ample time for the transaction of business and for all who desired, to have an opportunity of speaking. Addresses were madeJtxeachof the ladies mentioned, also by several of the local of refreshing was efi- -j sisters, and a goodly-timoyed. Such meetings promote good feelings and encourage thoze who labor in benevolent work to persevere in well doing. The Unity Club, recently organized in this city for improvement and charitable purposes,-hagiven two evening entertalnments in" the Twelfth Ward Assembly Rooms, each time to crowded and appreciative audiences. The we s given the evening of Jan.4, aad was an unqualified success TheTdemand for its repetition was so great that the Club finally decided to reproduce it, with some few changes In the pro gramme. Those who figured on the boards in the several parts, deserve praise for the creditable manner in which Jhey acquitted themselves.: Mies Ada Dwyer, In her rendering of Lady JMacbeth in the sleep walking scene, surpassed tbVexpectatlons of her most arstenVadmirtrsd showsd he rw!f quite at home In th cbsrscteri There was e s flt 