v y - - W OM A N S , cu: tiuKcdief THE WOMAN'S EXPONEXT. t. - : ..r r 1 y l ... - in an ye4r,;S200Lca3 cox eiisont'hs' one niae. ; Advertising Ten $1.00 copies for the rates: Each square-- tea lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: per month, p. 00. A liberal discount to, regular advertisers; Expoxext pfflce,lat"riclTtt;iid'inj north. of ; E, East Temple Streat; Business honrs from 10 a. pi. to t 5 p. m. ovary Sunday. Address all business communications to CV-.- day,-excep- -- . -: -l- .. Pnblisher Woman's EironcxT, SaltLsfca City Utah. . "V Miaiy Titebfprth for , - com-fort- Co'nDspIorai-- o - as-ure- a verv cood hall uf their flwn, which they built store, some time ago, and It has a good in whero i a cook it, foyo room at the back with on tho. received day. of the rhedonationsere meeting, and up stairs over this room is another, pupb'oard. a eorTcf wardrote s where quil ts, blsnketp, and such necessary aro kept until distributed, and in fact they seem to have a good stock cu hand; there is alt-a cellar bslow for vegetables and wood. Thesis-terown, in addition ,.to th a granary for the wheat they" are storing for a day of need. the example of these noble, women ia worthy of imitaticn, and we Know there are many others engaged In similar Jau Jable work, and yet the world Look upon the women' of Zion ' as degraded and down trodden. , jjvth:-a"xr-fy..lflrg- rrr'sUpnf. Mrs. Amv L Bliler 'and Mr?. Kico- lem Brown; Secretary, Mre. Miry. Hoy t; Tie ; ':"'':' N E N T Society of the SUkew Pxes, Paxy then ne mlnatrd ccmiriate(l:weie-avfQ3bwi:-- , Z7f-"''r'''"- 0 Bte lamented .Mrs. UoUsbrougm-tnWh the unaniThehclnat vote cf tirefrjzjQther ..'i.it(EfcSftS. rnzw. . ir E X V 4 : r, Mrs. Thiizv Maria Ylckors These received the unanimous vote cf the congregation. The Ilellcf Scc'ety of Nephi wa3 also reorganized, with Mre. Maranda Bryan, President; Mrs. K. K. UJall and Mrs. Ann MiJi;eley, CounEelors; Mrs. M. E. Ttasdale, Secretary; Mrs. Hannah I Groyer, .Assistant Secretary; . Mrs. Charlote Eyans, Treasurer; Mrs. Julia Bryan, Assistant Treasurer A vote of thanks was tendered to Bisters EUzabeth Kendall and Jane Pic ton, Counselors to the late' President, for their faithful, diligent and effloient labors in the Stake among the Society. Sunday morning the Primary Conference was held in the meeting house. 1 Hundreds of beautiful, bright, intelligent children were assembled, and many of the parents and others, Mrs. Hannah Grovtr presiding. The exercises were ex-- 1 Cirlknt and very well rendered; a manuscript paper, called "The BupyBW, was read by one of the girls, which was well worthy of praise. The articles were really very good for little folks.. Some very sweet singing from tho children added much to the enjoyment of the occasion. Tin; afternoon was devoted to the Y. L. M. I. A. XhcyA tec, had a; pa; or. read, it i.3 entitled i(Jh cYl u n g Lad ies Jo u m al,,? and - i t contain ed excellenLnlvica to the youth There were several very creditably spirit" ual exercises, and the tenor of jU tended towards Ccnnino improvemtnt. In the evening there was a;conjoint Eession of the Y. L'a, and Y. M'e. Afsociation?, and the meetlrjg was intensely interesting. One particular feature of it was a Bible exercise; of the history of St. Paul, and ijciientscf the lives cf the apjstlts of Jesu?, .wLlc wasv given Teasdal& in such a pleasing and graphic manner as to be most Instructive as well as enjoyable. : : A Primary Fair was open during the time of the conference, and there were on exhibition many very haE drome and creditable articles made by the little boys and girl-- also vegetables o' n i est quality in the market raised by the , -- liUie Leys. Theiewas almost every variety of needle work, from the plainest, neatly executed, ; to the finest embroidery and elaborate fancy work. Qailts and crccbet work in great abun- dance.. .Artificial flowers wool, wax and hair; fancy baskets, and many varieties cf useful antt ornamental articles too numerous to mention. Tbe Pvaiief Society cf Kephi, which has for toirie years past been under the tup ervHon of Mrs. Mary P.tchforth, President, is indeed in a thrlvrKrJnilltbn. The sisters own a lot i f - rcrecf land in the suburbs of the city, m,u i, ,v. Uken great. pais to et out mulberry trees upon it; many ( them, however have been winter-kllle- d again but nothing seems to discourage theseandgain, zaous3abor ers a Z.on'i cause. They hSVfi al30 peach and apricot trec3 bearing fruit ther comfortable log hotels used for an old laS, for , upport.andthi, year the S:cety dependant habulltW-yarycommoiio- a Cer-tainl- y -- , SALT LAKE CTTTi OCTOBER 1, 18S3. ZION 13 GROWING. - Conference is Just at iiano', and the city is i tcrs and people hurryready tsemlDg wUh-ving to get their titdiDg and bu'5ine?s cf various doubt kinds dono before the Gtli cf October. it will be cne of the busiest, es well as one of the most pleasant conference gatherings that we have had . Tho city is - growing -- i a beau ty and importance, end the Church itself, n s t- -i -- i powe rs f r r&y sd in power am! steadily, ye., rapidly - cdvaucing " Z:on fecV in becoming eslablieued influence; in the to; s of the mountains, and reoplo from nil nations are coming to tie and iohe&raud to of that wbizh they have heard al-.- hi -- - notwith-taiuling-iili.--the- -7 eel-eg- eve-ry- - wlieieipokcrunril of Here in the mUat of the Saints are those mofct bitter against the progress .opposed, ani-mcand advancement of the woik, (J 3d has fought to accomplish in this day and time. Every invention Sif an j'j capalJa cf manufacturing feems to be ued to destroy the Church, and bring the st Ba'nts into disrepute. ?s ) sender U loo infant oup, no fafrehcod too malicious to be published .and circulated r gains L4UapeopIe. And yet they pass by it almost invariably in silance, for toatlempt to contradict the-- wicted mis representations "wcull occupy- more time than any of this bnf-- people can d fiord. There is too much In roiling forth tho K!ng-dolabor on han i to to take any prtc'om tiaie to rtfj'e fil,e unlcea it wa? btattintnts, ly n?c(sea?y to d3jo2he ; 1 1 v ISIirn no power on earth can hindfcr the i.rd's :.tbat He has set Husband todo. It is thi in. . plicit faith ni ttmt in divine power that unites thia peopl3 and givifl thern ttat cenfidar ce in , lior, drivirgs rr Cezih itself Van destroy . VORK. Oi Friday tflcrrrP'n, Kcptemler 21 st, we I f t tho city for Nephi, tricn:pitncd by II. 'M. Whitney to atttui the YVomau'd Coaftfrt-necf the Juab Btake. Oa Batuidiy morniDg, Kept. 22nd, at 10 a.m. conference opened in the meeting houspj which wr.3 tcautirully decorated with pijturc3, ever, green?, eta Tesiient Paxman and his Counselor, Jcel Grovtr, JiUhcpUdalland mauyo'ther l e .' rith-reiLWe- HrEl'z re ibeth JCend U precent, The minutes and reports were gooj and b tho peaking by the several presUants wis. practical ana appropriate, tho sirglrg heavenly. Ia the aftemocc, after same further speaking from the sisters, Treg; raxmarrmade seme ex plmatory remaikj upon the need of a complete organization, rendered necessary by the demise of Mrs. Amelia GolJsbrcugb, who had presided pra-Ridi- cf-Zio- n. ioa byi-Mra.MT137 - po-itI- and-instruei- ng con-ststi- ng . a us rooms for the house U of sdobie , and well finishej, Klat Th9 dimtntjons cf the house are 30x16 feet and -- It Ebowa what energy and perseverance can at omph3h when the heart is in the -- this ha, not lean done without work; for aU and executive ability., The Reliefs ocSy EDITORIAL KOTES. We have received from the publishers tLe Directory of Ogdcn City smd Weber County a book of 214 rages. It is a very credit-abl- e work and - must certainly be of" great advantage, not only to tie.cilyand county, but to all - Individuals engaged in Luslcesa of any kind; .to visitors and business men who come from a distacca. It seems to te as possible to get a book cf perfect in detail as i t this kind, giving everything that themo3curi-ou- s or inquisirive need to anow of the place and 1- -i ' the people. . It is certainly a commendable little enterprise; and the publishers cleieivo great jraleo for the correct and careful manner in which It is compiled and edited-Tvli ; P " : - - Hkli:nt Jackson, 7 of Colorado Springs, paid a brief vi sit to our city recantJy, accompanied by Mrs? J. E. Mylne, of Londcn, who Is spsn Jing a few months in America. Both are ladies of culture and aro much interested in our principles and institutions. Mrs. Jackeon has visited Salt Lake tefcr?, and found so much of -- interest here that sho fel t she must come again. ..No doubt many of ou r read ers know" the celebrated H; H., who has written regularly many ' yeara for 'jThe Independent." She is also a c;n tributor to The Century Magazine, and hai written several tooks, among which are ''The Century of Dishonor," 11 Versee' 'rBlts of Travel in Foreign Lands' "Travels at Home," etc. Mrs. Jackson ha3 carefully investigated the Indian question and rendered good Etrvlce to t by making some af tonnding of tho treatment of tha Indians by these sent among them, etc. Her book, "The Century cf Dishonor," is upon this subject, and well deserves patronage.. She is a woman of brilliant talent and greatly gifted in conversa' tion. -- -- dia-cove- ries . The Conference of Y. L. M. I. A. cf this Stake was held in the Salt Laks Assembly Halh Saturday, Sept. 22nd, commencing at 2 p.m., Mrs. Mary A. Freeza pre?idlng. After the exercises of singing and prayer; reports were given -by the presidents from soma of the wards, and then Mrs. Frceza addres&ed tho meeting on sub jectscf vital importance to tho young. Misa - Mattlle Home epeke upon obedience and faith, thought eur religion comprehended everything, argedadvancement in intelligence, alluded to : the power and 'inflaenca of ovil spirits, also speko of the great value of time. . ' D:. It. B. Pratt madosomo good remarks upon , the importance of jinderstandlng the first prin . clplte of the Gcspelj fcaid we must make At templea for-t- he indwelling of the, of Spirit God, spoke upon purity and the protection of virtue, urged mothers to watch over their children, and felt greatly impressed to address young girla on Bach subjects as pertain to of life and character. Spoke upon th oar-selv- es 