W DMA N ceedinIj well, after- which they spent a hours in dancing, retiring to their, homes at a reasonable hour. ;'vrr-r- l .JnZll'7 Wc held our Fair on the 24th of September, and although .it waV pretty good-fo- r such a small settlement,- still it did not Vjuite come up In our display might be to our expectations. box a of named, charcoal, burned in the moun- tains by aYery:.Jittte boy? somoj very nice brackets, cornucopias, tidies, a very nice wind mill by one of tho little boys, a very nice watch pocket done in wool, wool 'flowers, draw- . . . ii ing3, lots oi inings too: numerous to mentio We had a visit from seme of the sisters of -- Payson and Santaquin, who gave us good in: struction .;' , m ?uss-uw- . ; Mr. Samuel G. Spencer, of Pleasant Green, "uLiiie xaiejjaniei and Wary Jane USpen- cer, and Miss Emma Gedge, of Brighton Ward. ciucst uttugnier oi William and Kachel Uedge, were joined in holy wedlock, by counselor Daniel H.! Wells, Thursday, ; December 21, 1882. : They are a very handsome and promising young couple; and are starting out on life's journey very young, with every indication of a bright and happy future before them. They celebrated, the occassion by giving a party and , supper at the bridegroom's residence. We join with their many friends in wishing them long life, happiness and prosperity. A. S. H. The Exponent congratulates the newly .wedded pair Mrand Mrs. Spencerand wishes for them every blessing and experience that will Help them to secure the highest exaltation. treated to refreshments. Thev had some cood instructions from the .sisters, after which they joinedin the dance for a short time, when all went homo in the best of humor. r Wishing the Exponent every Lsuccess, we remain your sisters in the, Gospel, ' Sarah Roberts, President. ; Christina Higcinson, Secretary. Goshen, Nov. 14, .1882. : . . WASATCH STAKE. Conference of the Relief Society of Wasatch Stake was. held in Heber City Hall, Nov.' 16, 1882," -- CORRESPONDENCE. branches in the StakeMrs.;ZinaJDH-Younand Mrs. . B. Wells from Salt Lake City, San Juan River, New Mexico, -- After represented, East Heber by Mrs. Rasband; West Heber by Mrs. Foreman, Midway, Mrs. Charlotte Gurney; Charleston,- - Mrs. Melissa Murdock; Centre, Mrs. Guff. Mrs. Wells made some remarks in regard to the improvement of the sistera who attend their meetings, spoke of the Deseret Hospital, and made some explanations in regard to the donations from the Societies, said there had been a great deal expended in fitting up the institution to make it convenient and comfortable for the patients. She urged the sisters to dovote a potion of time, if it was only one hour or half hour in a day to reading good -- books and- - cultivating- - their-minds, ancLalsaia readiherpapers-and-becom- e conversant with what was transpiring in the world, instead of working so hard as she felt sure many of them did. Knowledge we can take with us when we go home but not our worldly goods. Bishop Rasband! said he felt pleasgd with the meeting and asked the Lord to bless the sisters who had come to counsel and instruct the sisters in their duties in. this .Stake of Zioir Singing, benediction by Bro. Todd. : Afternoon Session: Singing. Prayer by Bro. Todd, singing. Mrs. Wells made some remarks upon faith and the Peculiar significance of the bour, and expressed herpleasure at seeing so many of the' brethren attend the Conference. Mrs. Young spoke of" the training of the children urged the mothers to keep them ' around them - and ' teach them principles of the Gospel," and enjoined upon Dec. 20, ; I had fondly hoped ' -- ' them-to know-wher- e their -- at children-were Book night Advised the sters to readandthe of Mormon, the book' of Doctrine and and they would receive spiritual-Win faith ana strength therefrom and increasechildren. be better qualified to rear their en-ant- e s, lM.-"'- ' to have seen you, with many of my dear sisters and friends in Utah ere this," but fate has decided otherwise. I burried another precious baby boy the eighth of September last, and on - tho nineteenth of the same month started on a visit to the North, thinking that the society of friends and relatives might help to soothe the grief that seemed to make the future look so dark. My one little girl was with me, and in company with 'some other acquaintances, we reached Moab, TSmery Co., where I concluded to remain a few weeks with a brother. While there the sad news came to me of the death of Mrs. Matilda Burnham, who died the 13th of October, six hours after giving birth to a son, her eleventh 1 child. She was in the 33d year of her age, ,was the wife of Luther C. Burnham and n- and-ElizaHBar- nett.- , y -- T" , home. Mary Stewaet Dear Mrs. Scott: As I am a reader For -- the last five years she, with the rest of has been laboring as missionaries to -V the Navajoes, and by them she was much beloved. Previous to her moving to this country, she resided at Hyde Park, Cache Co., and was an active and devoted member of the Relief Society. Her sudden death cast a ' gloom over all her friends and especially to her own family was it sad, to whom she was a loving wife, a kind mother and sister, and a pleasant companion and is deeply mourned for by all who had the pleasure of her ac- After this sad message, ?uaintance. home receiving at once and with the help of the Lord ' will do all I am capable of for the bereaved family. L There are only eight sisters in this place, making it very lonely- - at times. Sister Aba-ga- il Stevens is a faithful nurse, and a great of sickness and trouble. Oh! help in times " how often we think of the great - and good times you have at your meetings in Salt Lake, and go wish for the time to come whea we may - BuPvNn an. Eillmop.e City, . daughter-of-Joh- :. " I : , - . " Editor Exponent: e ( for-rott- r -- g Bhhop Rasband and "other brethren. this hie. We trust we aro not W these same dear sisters whom we regard as the' greatest and best women that live upon the ear.th..How thankful. iwe should all iep ffr- the light of the Gospel that alL may enjoy if. humble and prayerful, and how can they, live who are not prayerful? . I fear we are too care-- ; less in, regard to this; 'There U no comfort ikVthevBpiritrof7'G6:df3.h abide : with" us if we seek faithfully for it. How , much we have to be grateful for that the world knows nothing of. We have pure and upright men for husbands, and fathers, and v,c have perfect confidence - in them knowing, that tho secret acts of '.their lives would bring.no (lis-- , grace on U3, or our innocent children;- Unvn, hewomen of the world this confidence in their "Leige Lords," would to heaven they had; there would be many an aching heart lighter, many desolate --homeah happier, many innocent : girls saved from" the' tcrnblo fate that awaits them through the evils of the present generation'. Do we need the pity of the world? For my part I think it would be "better if they would pity the condition of their "own souls; and try to save them and not worry so much about the women ot' the Latter-daSaints, who are many times better ofif than they themselves are. In con versationnot "long since with a Gentile gentleman, he told me that he .had understood that all the wives who entered a family after the first wife, did so as servants to the first family. I assured him that the people called "Mormons' were too intelligent and independent to be slaves that all wives were equal,-th- e marriage cerernony"-tingcxsame the each wife. for actly I have been much interested in Mr3. Scott's letters and pleased that bo many of our sisters reply to them, haye often wished I'iias capable of sodoing, but I trust that she with every honest hearted person-ma- y become convinced ' of the Truth, for that will bring moro peace and satisfaction" than any amount of wealth! and grandeur could do. We are havinir love ly weather now almost like summer. The merry holidays will soon be here. God grant that the New Year may be a happy one for the. Saints, and for all who. love to do right. Success to tho Exponent always. It comes " like a dear old friend and cheers many a lone--l- y ; MARRIED. the-fam- ily, , Dec. 12th, 1882. of tho Exponent, have become very much interested in you also in your questions and the answers by tho: Sisters, on Our religious principles I. bear my testimony to you, that they are every word; true and emanate irom the holy laws of God the Eternal ' . -- Father. I obeyed . " h . were usual exercises and reading of minutes Mrs. Young made a few encouraging remarks, felt glad to see the sisters coming together to learn the ways of the .Lord, lhc Wards were then yjed.-3ronl&- . Avis M, Bronson, Ass't Sec. meeting-onTt- he Mrs. Emma Brown presiding. On the platform were the second counselor, Mrs. Mary Daybell and the presidents of the different fi,lfT.u r':,..;rT Mary Brqnsdn. :SecL , lK:s at rrunf in - .it 2latoi-UCtooerr-wnn-lfte-littl&-lo- r ever attend such gathering. "The sweet' spirit there on. bait Lakft.amrA ?A r .ir.a- uukc bore a testimony to the truth of the President Brown felt pleased with brospel. the counsel that had been given, and thought we had enjoyed a good time together. Con-- ; lerence adjourned for three months. SincW" c and benediction, ,. ... - V' 11 : bister. Watson act ".Z m ui0 place of Sister Muir as the ruwuy xauer was Iirincr -- E X P ON E N T. few - - '8 the Gospel in the Far South at the early age of IS years, have never doubted for one moment since of the truth of this work, it being 31 years last August since I became a member of the Chnrch .of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints; myjhusband" entered into the order of CelestialIarriago with my full and free consent, and I have lived 21 years in that order of Marriage and I bear my testimony to you that it is true and emanates from a Superior Power than that of man. I do not deny the petty, trials of. life, those ;who are most tried are, most triumphant, do we wish to live here without-- a trial? then we would wish to die but half prepared for an exaltation. We must taste the bitter to appre- the sweet. Our blessed Lord and Sav- ior passed through the severest of trials with- out a murmur, and we must not not expect a -ciate :. 