W OMAN9 8 E X P ON EN T. waft, Tfce Saints were imprimed a&efrnlJy, rhe Apoat'e TauJ'a imprifonmcnt aDdr'dfrn8 ! a brautJ.'u! ii'.n tratlon of iDjuitle ajdiua- rihleU3 tmpristnmsat, and the blei mg of Go J sending n aogtl to open the prison daora when Paul aniy3ijw IlfilnB la e a mldn izh I . w hen c erwfeoiilJoorTfle w open and the keeper would have kliied hiaitcJf but the mighty apoetle eald, "D thyeelf no harm; we are here' and the Jailer washed his stripe and waTbjptlzad the tame hour. This chief apqatJe testified that he had seen a vision, - and that Jesus had risen "from the dea'J; for ; this ieaon he 'was stcneJ and Imprisoned; and even In our day under the eacred Constitution that was gven by inspiration, and the folds of that dear old fla that ttiil waves bo proudly, beckoning all nation to come to the land of the free, '""Shall I write il? Yes, publish It; let the world know and an&ola tear record on earth and In heaven that mother and infant are Jnoircer-ate- d In prison for the mother presuming to the end of her creation, "multiplying and replen:itlng the earth." We heard a talented man say in a public' lecture, that but few men eyer produced sons t cjutl or superior to them- fcelves fr cm tie of the mother being infe-riwomen ; if thlaJelruew-h- y and regenerate statesmen and patriot? Is not the human family of more importance than the animal creation? Williiirth East. t i an-sw- ar ict oi not-elev- ate V- - THE BOOK OF MORMON. teach-Ingswe- re hap-paned- II. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. a BEAR LAKE ST AXE - -- as follows: St. Charles, Counselor - of-tbjrf Christina Willhelni-- J semBlcKminrtonr:iM r Iyjrd-wil- Ward, President 31. A. Shepherd; Ovid, Martha Caf leson j Montpelier, P. Hogensen; - Liberty, Cotton Wood, Preston, Bennington, George-Tow- n and Soda Springs were not represented. Fish Haven, President Frances Howell; Garden City, Meadowville, Lake Town and RanWoodruff, President dolph not reported. Harriet Lee; Saleratu3 Creek not reported. The statistical and financial reports were then read and accepted, President Lindsay wa3 pleased with the as faras they went,'but sorry that more Gave a societies were e brief sketch of her trip through the southern settlements; desired to visit the northern settlements beforeconference, but had been deprived that pleasure on account of the contagious disease at Montpelier. Couldsee by the verbal reports that some of the sisters were slack in attending their IneetiigiTrat willing to donate and Jielpjnjerays seded. It is a mother s duty to attend, that ther mav be DreDared to teach their little ones We must be Saints in very deed, and be willing to spend a portion of our time in the work ' of God. v Counselor Elizabeth Collings felt like doing what was required of her- Had been greatly blest h days gone by, and knew that the Lord would assist her now, if she would rely upon Him. What kind of people ought we We have many duties devolving upon us, and one of the most importance is that of raising our children in the fear of the Lord. Their - minds are young and tender and we must set them a good example. Teach them to be truth-- . .ful, honest and upright, and to live strictly in accordance with the requirements of our "" Heavenly Father. Sister Sarah Holmes felt that, we were engaged in a great and noble work. "We live in an age when great things are transpiring among the "natiohs of the earth, as well as here at home;" isaid that she could see that the prophecies were being fulfilled. We came here to Zion to learn the will of the Lord, and she felt that it was our duty to do it; had been busily engaged for some time in getting the genealogy of her relatives, so that she would be able to do a ' work for them when the Temples were finishedJ What reward will we get never do any-- " thing for them? How will we feel when we meet them in the other world if we neglect this all important duty? Felt that there was a word of praise due to the people of St Charles for the way in which they had cleaned : and decorated the meeting house, as the Spirit of God would rest more abundantly upon a meeting in such a place. Singing. Dismissed by Elder Arthur B. ' Clark. The P. M. was accupied by the Y. L. M. I. A. Second day, 10 a.m., July 22nd, 1883, Presi dent Julia Lindsay presiding. J. Singing. -P- rayer by President Wm. Budge. Singing President Ann a0k reported the Garden City Ward. Sister Elizabeth Pugmire read the sent in by the different Relief Societies report President Julia P. Lindsay said she did not: know how to express the she-fe- lt igratitude for -t- hepnvilege of meeting under together such favorable instructions. ; depended grntW on the tochers. "We may re-por- ts. ..of-th- with not-represent- ' The Tenth Semi Annual Conference of the Relief Society of Bear Lake Stake was held at St. Charles on the 2bt and 22nd inst, Mrs by Elder AY. M. Allred. Singing. President Lindsay said, j we have met under favorable circumstaacea this morning, saidvery the and hopad tkiBpirit of the Lord would rest abund-uiU- y oupoa : us, that .we might fed t bleit tad ttrtiiUieaftd in ear ncit holy ftitb, if-w- ' groNrwith-tfaeiDT-A"gre- such-ai- d as us-wit- h in-favor- " . God. ' e eahled to do their dutS . take an interest in this important. matter. We are called upon in this stake, in common with others, to donate to the Deseret Hospital, would like to send all we can this fall. The Lord has blessed means, let us use a portion of it for the building upjofHismgdom, andr rsuchrthings as aTFnecessary for the pro8pentyofthe. people. Prayed God tor bless" all, and enable us to serve the Lord our God, in the name of Jesus Amen." Counselor Elizabeth Collings said, we are in school a to learn and improve; we should be thankful that ourspints have beeirfcept back to come forth in the last dispensation, the winding up scene. It is much better to even be a member of the kingdom of God than to dwtll in the palaces of the rich. Hoped that we might be guided by the Holy Spirit, that when we have finished our work here we might be worthy of an inheritance in the kingdom of ; . Sister Emeline Rich felt behold to the faces thankful of her truly brothers and sisters, and to see them in the en- joyment of health; said, I see no. pallid facs before me; said she was -- particularly interested -in the remarks of President Lindsay, for she had been engaged in the labor of nurse and pnysician, ana ,couia8aytnat the .Lord had opened the way before her in her studies most wonderfully. President Wm.-Bud- ge said he had been much interested in listening to the instructions of Ue sisters; was much pleased with the remarks of President Lindsay, in regard to sending sisters to the city to obtain a knowledge of obstetrics. Good, faithful sisters full of integ-rit- y and possessed of good j udgment should be sent, and those at home should provide means for them if they cannot furnish it for themselves; he endorsed the propriety of the instructions given in relation to household affairs. We well know if there .is a lack of understands g and management at home, there cannot be happiness there. Would like to have as much time as possible devoted to the instruction of the sisters, in rezard to : their rp.H V MM U Ml A person who neglects his prayers, who' does not exercise the feeling of charity and kindness towards his brothers and sisters, who withdraws himself from the Saints, is not a. Tjittprr7v Saint Would like all to be directed according to the principles of truth. The people of the world are guided continually by their own feelings and with their interests, but we must be guided by the principles of truth. We have come from the midst of should dwell in peace and "union. May God w . W. A mt A ary and all organizations, and let all labor for the good of each other, is my prayer in the name of Jesus. Amen. President Lindsay said the Relief e Society-Conferenc- would be adjourned for six ftt thi; air bt V . -- ' l arr bility rests upon the mothers in Israel. It is well understood that we have been lor some time antcipating having some sisters sent to We receive thorough medical instructions. have two sisters now in Salt Lake, and they are progressing very well, but we do not wish to stop at this. We wish to have one go from oof f lomant nr whpn t.hft sptf.l:mpnti nr flimi-- r small, one for- - two settlements, for it is very necessary that we should have such in our midst oa nro wpll stilled, and. hv the hpln of Ond able to assist in sickness. Hoped the societies, r to-b- e? -- f - ce - The Bwk ol Mormon Is an account of the an e.'ent inhabitants of America, where they came from, how they came to this Jand, a abort his- tory of what tojk place with them, the teach Ingsof the piophets which God raised up to them, and the appearanca of Jesaa to them, as 7 "the sheep of that other fold." It tella cf his teachings to them, of his calling twelve apostles as witness that he had risen from the dead. That testimony and bia . engraven - onh-te- a rinj: what:iheyZ called the reformed Egyptian. Thia was a kind of Phonetic, or short hand way cf engraving Jthehlitoiyjjf the eventa they wished to record," by certain marks and characters In ute among them for that purpote. The eograving was done on plates of gold, or bras, and these were bounibether by rings, so as to form a book. These pla'ei were handed down from father to ion, each one who kept them engraving on them the events which in their dy; tll at Jiit becauie of wick ednws they were a tout to be destroyed, when Moroni, one of the last of the prophets, by command of the Laid, hid them up In a hill called, by them, Cumormh. When the appointed time arrived he gave them to Joseph Smith, who translated them by the glf and power of God. These plates and those they brought from Jerusalem were to them what the Bible was to the rest of the world. Katbika. R S., Y. L. Said, it is our duty, when "our husbands are. not at home, to attend to family prayers night v Welhould call our children to onr? MUU mnmin?, are young; have pray, beginning when they them askthejlessw Roll was then "called br the secretary and the wercjread minutes of the previous-conferenand approved. The societies were represented month. Primary would be represented at twoj.n AT Si? ?oW,a meeting In Lake farm tha 12th 13th cf ta t&i '7 8tta!, m 