WOM AN' S EX PON E NT. SCENES IN NAUVOO, AND INCIDENTS FROM H. GJCIMB ALL'S JO UKNA He 71 evening: "At six o'clock n.m. 3- - Yountr and Heber C. Kimball, witfr'leir wives, Mary Ann Young-ah- d BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. Vilate lviniballIetV Temple to go toElder TT)hrrrTay lor's Toatteml a party. This incident well remember. It wa3 called' the Printer's, I , ' "'This was a clear beautiful lu'rniug the air Festival. .. Araon the most pleasing incidents that claim aplace in my " memory ,.were . the " been up late last night ' did not rise.vcry early;' Prin f eps Festival , "given annually by Elder Elder Kimball was up somewhat earlier. v John Taylor who was Editor- of the Xauvoo " ' Unqle John Smith and his wi&X'larissa came Titncfand Scfaon. N v in early in the morning, also Isaac Morley and It is more pleasant to dwell, upon the sunny others'." President Brigham Young (it. ap- side, though without a dark background and pears), was quite sick during that day; was an occasional shadow to. the men tal picture n llV'rin'? from chills and fever, and did not be very tame and insipid. Thus it : coaie out of his room till five oeloek in the would be with life had We nought" but repose. afternoon.; : ' " Were there no storms to meet no rough and Y The next day, Sunday, no public- meeting angry billows to dash upon our' devoted heads inns l'nlrl in Va rV&m rla rin o t"ai1 n f while crossing overthe ocean of lifcf nor any net being strong enough to support so large a dangerous foes to con.tend with and ovefebme,' company as would have come in. In the we would neither appreciate, our blessings nor morning there was a council held in President our deliverance, nor have learned to trust to a Young's room, ::'::d another in the afternoon, in "Divine power for the same. And our experiwhich it was d tided that David Candland be ence would be of little value to ourselves and sent, to ' England. Brother Candland was of less interest to the ones who may read our hispresent at ihi council. tory. The first printer's festival thatrl attend"A letter wa3 received this day from Samuel v ed was with II. K. Whitney, who "was one of Brannan in New York, also one from the prin ters, and this was hel d ou t ..oil the. prai - burg, signed William W. Salt, both ot which "rie-at-.- a i'arm- il think-o- iBrother Benbow's e tb 1 1 ran naif under were answered ' in tthe summer of 1845. And there for the i . c it. l... - iv. ui jprjgiKim at uie signature iuung- lue oiner "first time I remember meeting Brother George waTsTgn.edVrniiam W. Pepper, by David Mus- , Q. Cannon who was but a mere lad and neartard, clerk both written by Elder Hyde. ly; if nbt'quite, the youngest boy in the office, A copy of the New York sun, of December and I rather think that Judge Elias Smith was " 19th, 15 b;, containing a letter- from James the eldest, he being the business agent in the he Bennett, to the editorriirrvhich Arlington . . office. r This one given at the house of Elder i i r i i reiers 10 a ieuur ueanng, ine signature or was the last, befug about a month preTaylor Emma Smith, published in "that paper on the vious toOjarjlej)a city- 9 th of Dec, was also received bvLPresideiitl NalTvooTto becomTagain wanderers upon westloung. JJennetts letter to the editor conern plains for the Gospel's sake to seek - antained sumo thingswhich were considered as other home where those who drove us out beevidences that he was also the" author of lieved that no white man could dwell. signed Emma Smith, at least that idea wag advanced by L. K. Foster, and was gen Among the guests at Brother Taylor's were nd- - Counselors, concurred iu by those ; no tjonly Presid ent B . . Young a andvvai crally present, . : -- .V. t .rT.- j TITi'T others like but who, them; had been kept seiciujcu hj in i ifMuejib xoungs lener to creted a goodly portion of the time. There Brannan.". : were one or two incidents connected with this "The different quorums met in their rcmcc- -, p party; which helped to stamp it ii)0ii my W nen entering the High Council and the High Priests. rotticr laylor s memory. door in company 'with my parents I was greet Monday, oth. "This," he says, "was a pleased with the i olio wing salutation, 1 wish you ant morning and many persons were early at" much joy," etc., and it was repeated by every iuc xcuipie. rresiaent loungs one that met us, some person having" started : health is al most restored. He .was ready for . 1 the report that H. K. Whitney and myself uuiy ui an eariy nour spent the morning m were married, which was a,Il news to. us, we behearing letters and newspapers, and giving directions as to the buisness of the day." He ing perfectly ignorant of any such transaction,-bu- t as we found it impossible to convince them speaks of George D. Grant having' received to the contrary, Horace, who thought it a good ten or twelve letters from TVilliam Smith, which, by Brother-Gran- t's joke, and did not mind carrying it out, compermission, were menced there and then to call me "wife," and read to President Young: The last was dated for years after he invariably addressed me by ' at Uncmnatti, and was very scunlous. "The . L P n rt AllAjlimn---Tthli title, though wenvere not married until the uutuuio iii, m iiiiLLHi us usum lur nraver. 3rd of the following February, President B. Prayed for the preservation of President Brig-haYoung performing the ceremony in the Tem-plYoung and his counsel and all the quor and on the. 27th of the same month we urns, and for blessing3 upon all the Saints, the crossed the Mississippi, en route for the Rocky ovennrow oi our enemies, tne healing ot the sick that are among us, for blessings Mountains. This was rather too long and upon the house of Israel, and for our reception tedious a journey to be called a wedding tour among thern and for all the Saints abroad." thousands of miles over scorched and dreary ; On the 6th he speaks of Elder Babbit comdeserts, rocky mountains and poisonous lakes of alkali, etc. But after all it had its sunny-sid- e ing into the Temple before noon, "bringing a letter written by Gov. Thomas Ford, to J. B. as well as its dark ..shadows; the descrip tion of which we must leave till some future Backenstos, dated Springfield, 29th, in which he refers, among other matters, to the probabil-lfc- y . time, and return to the festival where Judge the-UW. W Phelps was the next to be made the that S. Government would send a victim of a practical joker "And as the Judge military force to Nauvoo to assist in arresting had asserted that no one 1 could play a joke , up. n him, it did not end so pleasantly. The The followins: named persons are mentioned: lFeiidex happened to be -- thaJudge's eldest as engaged in son, (Waterman)' who was one of the working at the cushions or upholstery on the new altar: Sisters Mary Ann type setters and had a persistent habit He hapof playing practical jokes. lOUnp'Jy'ilafo TTimVinlllT'lwaKatV, A WU ney, Eliza KSnow, Mary, and Agnes Smith pened to be sitting behind the Judge, who wa3 (the wives of Hyrunu andCarlos-Smithqted inan easy-cji- a )r Iercy Rr.ThompsoQ and Sarah Ann Whitney." lotf to his "father's coat"skirt, who soon grati- 'r-e-tha- - " . . ld - - ; . - ir : " : ; . - " - . the-lette- r f ' ; . Jrl - : - - - 1 - - 1 1 J . . I- I m e, . " . pendage with him, which of course attracted general aueuuou, inougn- out lew had yet h CJu4heutlrTd-TrorrTisJ " -i- Hisface colored up and a vervblaek flnnrl tied his irreverent son oy rising and the ap-- - , . rested down upon his usually visage a3 he looked around and probably guessed the :'He Jeft the room 'in a terrible ;aujhrofjit. and did not return nor quite recover passion from it during the whole evening. This cast a momentary cloud over the ones who witnessed thi3 scene, but it would have been, impossible for any one, even the Judge, under "similar cir- cumstances, with-- a "keen sense of the ridiculous, to have refraraed from laughing, though we felt ashamed for his son whose" bump of reverence (if he an vttti in'tliave" sorely neglected to be thus lacking in the necessary respect due to a parent. But how often do we witness that same spirit of irreverence to paid parents and to the aged. My youthful training was such that I could never treat my parents nor the aged with any undue familiarity. In the Holy Bible we read, "Hast thou children? instruct them ami bow down their neck from their youth. Hast thou daughters? have a care . of their body, " and u l toward them. Th is would be thought rather harsh treatment in "these days, but we should realize that a and an awful responsibility is resting upon pureuL5, uuu we need much ot the Holy Spirit to assist U3 in the training of our ofispring, for there are seldom two who are constituted alike each one has his or her own peculiarities; and many I believe will wake up in the morning of the resurreon jmuVfind.. them-- j selves chiJdics. because of their wicked and brutal treatment of them in this life. But if the youth could but be prevailed upon to listen to kind teachings or profit by other's experience they might avoid many of the gulfs and quicksands which we can see lyinf in the A reproof irom a pumuay oeiuro them. inend is better than smiles from a hypocrite." We read in Holy "Writ that "the Lnr.T hnth . given tne father honor over the chil.Jr.jn and confirmed the authority of the mother over the sons. Whoso honoreth his mother is as one that layetii up treasure. Whoso honoreth his father shall have joy. in his own children, and when he maketh his prayer he shall be heard.'' llQnor thy father-a- nd mother both" in word and deed, that a blessing may come thee from them. ;upon "My son, help thy miner ju iiis age, and grieve . him- not as long as he liveth. And if his understanding fa if, . have patience with him; and despise him not hen thou art in thy full strength, for the of thy father shall not be forgotten ; "and instead of sins it shall Wniiipti thee up. In thedays of thine afiliction it shall be remembered; thy sins also shall melt away as the ice in the fair, weather Honor thy father with thy wholejwarm heart, and fornot the sorrows of get thy mother.'- Remember that thou wast begotten of them and how canst thou recompense, them the things that they have done for thee?" fun-lovin- g . " . ever-possess- ed -- - - LiAOi--inyseiiciiee- ri . - -- re-lievi- ng - To be Contuuicd. " ' MC3Ngi '. - LIGHT AND SHADOW. . . : . . . There are seasons brief periods in our e when we can truly say we are happy. We feel a rurc. calm r.nnfpnfmpmf v uu im v. VJ. ViiU of which is nof a light, spirit only spirituals ut inc entiro eifvauou, ocmg seems involved. The eve bearn3 with an unnsnnf liNifno the step seems to have regained its youthful ciaauuity. oweet mcioay unconsciously falls from tho lips in some strain. Oft the plainer t fhce. becomes beau tiful-;as- ; i t: were by electrical inspiration. At the time we " may not be able to Refine the cause of these exis-tenc- JL . half-forgotte- n 