and ui fact is considered th -- anui-versar- Tic ccrteis tiea tvxi when; the rsaiias of 'SLiter KSliih Meriafc IUlUatjrae were lild tj rest. ; Deeaed wu the 4aa!itt of CUrJser - mad '.'Etecty t Gecesee,Kew' Ycrkr .October. ,2eia, 1$23. to- Uptired Jnto Jha' Church of Jtrsas .ChrUi of jXU!di"5IaU la IS), bj- .Elder prsoa7 At wqctv dfcj wboia she y.aj' , vCtS:?'"v tra coa-nae- -- Ilia saayoo, in 12---,. Sha afiiaiijTto.r 7.;paret rerasiiXSere ..until when she was xpeHd'froxa her "hasaa, ia .connection with thaui&nds of other who were driTen br the hands to Trent Winter She' a mob. ruthless cf Quarter, where, on February 17th, 1S47, she waa married to Rich' ard Eallantjne by President Heber C Kimball. In the fall of ISIS, ahe arri red with her ha3baad la SaltXate tSty. In 1SC0 she raoved to Weber County, Orden Vallav. The remainder of the time since that period she has lived in this city. f On the 4th of January, 1379, she Wits appointed President of the Fourth Ward Eelief Society, over which she has continued to preside until her dennaeTTShe was the ' mother of nine children, four sons and are daughters. One boy and girl ars dead. She has also twelve grandchildren. Sister Ballantyne has been sick with general debUityforaboatToneyear, during which time she was a great snfierer. She retained the use of all her mental faculties to the last: moment of her life, and died surrounded by all her loving children, with whom hands and left with them her parting blessing. casket tearing the remains was the foIloM'ing,-ncirclethe On by a beautiful white wreath: "A tribute of Respect in memory of Sister IL BalUn-tyne- , the first President of the 4th Ward Relief Society. Presented by the officers and members of the Society. . Absent but not forgotten." ' -- 1S -- aj -- ; Relief, Society, read the. report, which was as follows: Report of the Relief Society of the "Whitechapel Branch for the year ending March 4th, 1833, being the Ninth Anniversary, haviDg beenrganized March 4thj 1874, y under the Presidency of Bishop Burton. consists of a President, two Counselors, Number of Secretary, and six Teachers. meetings held during theyearV fourteen; Visits Cash collected Irom all sources paid, ninety-six- ; 7. 16. 9; Disbursements, 5.18. 11; On hand, . 1. 17. 10. The sisters have been greatly blessed in their endeavors, and have enjoyed a bountiful supply of the Holy Spirit. Praying that we may be faithful to the end, through Jesus Christ. Amen. Elizabeth Young, President. Signed Ann Gell, Secretary. President Garner then called upon Elder A. R. Clark to give a recitation from Homer's Odyssy, which was' well received. Of course it would almost seem .invidious to draw com " parisons, when all did of the evenings enjoyment; -- butaumtotai-marked-excellencseems to call for t a little special recognition. A recitation by JBishop Whitney, entitled, "The Old Hat," charmed the audience and excited much laughter. A duet by Elder King and Sister Angie Cross, wa3 given with taste and feeling. Elder Nye gave "The Moneyless Man," the sentiments, embodied in which,; were well suited to further the object of the Society. Lines composed by President Garner on "The Ca,t" were recited in a sprightly manner bySterAjinie Da vie3r The nature, habits,' etc. of that feline species, were delineated in a style that charmed and both young and old. Some delighted verses on the Priesthood, , composed by Elder Garner, and which he recited himself, were well received; they not only interested, but Instructed a3 well. A song, "Timothy," by Sister Brain, was well sung, as was a song by Sister Mary A. Spillman. A duet by President S. Spillman and Sister Sarah Edgley, proved a success; as did a song of Sister Gell's entitled , the "Old Maid."- - Sister Young, of the Relief Society, sang "The Merry Mormons," and Sister .Whitpin, "The Son of God will come." A recitation by a little girl seven years of age, the daughter of President Gar- net, deserves to be noticed; it was given with such charming coolness and precision- .- Sister Mary Garner, the wife of the respected President of the Whitechapel JBranch, gave a rcci-tation, and President F. Garner sang a song with a cru3lhatthfr audienceeemeoT to take h considerable vigor. At a late hour a vote of thanks was moved by president S. Spillman, seconded, . and carried unanimously. to therRelierSQCiety, and to all'those who had assisted lnbrmging to a successful issue this the ninth v anniversary of the Whitechapel '. Relief Society. The concert was largely attended oy the Saintsfrom other branches, with a fair spring- The-Societ- . ok d Ogden Ilfiuxri), April Cth, . 1SSC. . R S., Y. LMri. a:: AND PRDIARx f e " A Conference of the Ladies' Relief Society of Beaver Stake, wa3 held in the Meeting ' BEAVER. House at Minersyille, on March 2nd, Sister Sister Howd's Lucinda Howd presiding. Counselors and the Presidency of. the different wards were present. There was quite a good attendance of the sisters, and a good repre sentation of the brethren. The presidents of the several wards gave verbal reports, showing them to bs in a prosperous condition. Bishop McKnight, of, Minersville, expressed himself as being well pleased with : the reports he had heard, and gave the sisters good instructions. Mrs. S. M. Dell read an extract from a sermon by Joseph Smith, published in the Contributor of August last, calculated to give the people a proper understanding of the- vexed question, whether the sisters have a right to lay on hands for the recovery of the sick. Remarks were made by a number of the brethren and sisters, that were instructive and pleasing, land u .. a . i 4i r . ii. . ii ins t'ouiereuw; mruuguuui. wua morouguiy enjoyable. The young ladies held their conference in the evening of the same day; on the day. following the Primary conference' was Mrs. M. A. Tolton presiding. held, " . . , - 1 , Elizabeth Farns wo mn. , JLONDQJf. The Ninth Anmver8aryoflhe was held ail-BramReliefSoc- ietv. White- - Mn.h 4th,: in (Jr3on s Assembly Room3, New Road, Mile End, London. This hall is now the regu- lar meetingO i 4IMilVMi ana is well adapted lor noidmg meetings or concerts. It is large and well appointed; the .walls are hung with mirrors and pictures of TilacAf-theAVhite-rl considerable yalue, -. . r she-sho- . IU acoustic properties are up-wit- 7 by their c Alexander : 11. Clakk, Branch Secretary. : ':'. moau, emeuy co. Editor Exponent: ' -- or ine avitsT)ari tewwonirirom ivoroj-vineyar- . -- caUieT .Signed y. -- 2. - tolaidJ :: thirty namw.Bi3li0p OF. AVhttney, at pres-ent ictin as President of the London Confe' ?nee during the temporary ahco of Presto dent J. A." West, was present," and assisted, andL as is well known , is a host in himsel f. Elder ; I Nye and King.likewise assistedrThe concert opened with prayer by Bishop Whitney, who prayed that nothing might be said or done but '. that which the Lord might approve. who v President Garner, the Branch President, presided, then called upon the children of the Sunday School to sing a greeting song. .ThenSister Ann Gell, the efficient Secretary of the - tetiM liag of itrangen, who thus beat: kail, in was thb la thk EuKHK'Misi'Jt pHce, Kehel the tli;ii vlojjoribcd, I3brk5v Society: "'celebrate! -- ty i a.7nccn;f ""euler uiucieut., what proved ta. bea: mos't'.suecesafttl The programme for the evening- was varied aud 7 extensive, and contained over ,g-ood- ' 4 wo a, hero would be of " . terest to the sisters, as we are air engaged in the same work. There is but one copy of the Exponent Jaken' here at present, but through it we are able io learn that many of "our sisters -- are far ahead of us in the Societies and haying the great : privilege from time to time of getting instruotion from those great and noble men and women that we away out here, on the outskirts as it were, so much de- sire to see and hear. It seems to me that those who have these privileges cannot fully realize the great blessing unless they hare been at "some time deprived of it. Nevertheless we do not feel to shrink or give up trying to learn and improve in the way that we should walk to become great and noble and find favor with our Heavenly Father. The sisters of thisward were organized into a Relief Society on February 19th, 1883, by : President C. 6. Larsen and others of the' Emery Stake of Zion, with the following-oi- l cers: Mary Jenson, President; Sarah Burnham and Pris;illa Warner, Counselors; Amanda Taylor, Secretary; and Sarah J. Stewart, Fifteen members were enrolled, Treasurer. and l ean truly say we had a time of rejoicing Meetings were ,held here by these brethren four days in succession, and we received just -- thougata m- ' - i- Asso-ciation- - s,, . v. . ! " : .T?.llBV r., Qnn.n r will V.lr -ge to unitethesisters totrcngthen-anoTencouras - some of them have them in without four lived here any of these oryears ganizations. We realize the good instructions that we get through the Exponent from time to time, for although we have a stake organization we could not expect the sisters to corns and see us at present, as they would have to travel by wagons and over rough roads one hundred and twenty miles and expose them- onlvfwj nravinfr Kv(r f ww ' n for thesnread 01 tn 1 mnpi mill 1.11H fiii:ia ui 1.110 iA.ruiu.ii nu remainjour sisters in the everlasting covenant, well-doin- theirJje&t-to-add-tffthe- , g, 1 1 . -- - ! J April 14th, 1883. B1ABY JENSEN, Sarah Burnham. ; , . VISIT TO VIRGEN CITY. Editor Exponent: At the request of our worthy President, I a brief sketch of a visit to attempt ' Virgen City e - .1 t coniex- lor tne purpose 01 noioxng a ence 01 tne xveiiei oocieiy oi una owuto oi wuu, and also to visit other settlements along tht Rio Virgen. Our company consisted of Apostle E. Snow, Minerva W. Snow, President of Relief Society, Mary B. Eyring, President of Silk Association, Mary Whitehead and Artemisia Segmiller, Counselors to Elizabeth 8. Ivins; President of Y. L. M. I. A., Julia lyins, rresideni 01 rnmaries, uuu yuur wu t 1 . pondent. - 1 semi-annu- ai , Xeft St George Friday morning, 2nd inst; took dinner at Leeds; arrived at Toquerville at nve pan.; neiu iiicciujg a. !c L. M. combined. 3rd. At nine a.m. meeting of primaries; thence to Virgen City; met witntne. Primaries at two and the Y.L. M. at seven pan. Sunday, 4th. Conference of R. S. convened at eleven a.m., a general attendance from tht diflerent settlements; the verbal reports pf the different wards showed the Societies in t&4 mu& good good condition; inflioa 