tponkta Editor. EMELLSE B. WELLS, In 8alt Lake City, Utah iPahUsbed.. One copy one year,,f3r00; one copy sit months-$1.0- 0 Ten copies for the' price of nine. Advertising rate; Each aquare, ten line of nonpareil space, one to L5& per . month, $3. 00. A liberal discount time, ' eml-nonthl- - - j, Term: , regular advertisers. - Council et- Room of the Exponent Office, Lower from Street.hours Business Sonth Temple House, .10 a. m. to 5 p. a. rreryday except Sunday.--Address all business communications to Publisher WOMAwa Exiosnnrr, 6 r,.Z'z-z-Bl-lAkCity Ut&h. , lions of freedom petition, Congress to annul the woman' suffrage act pas?ed by the Legislature of Utah. What nobility of purpose! How mBgnnnta'ousI How strtfous 'ta protect women they must ha ve beenlThey Mcu-- e -t- hemselves by -- fay In?,- "these women vote Just m their husbands do!" 'Well, what of that, if they vote as they wish to? It sometimes happens that whole families vote for one mm In Massachusetts and In other States. Is that a crime? Not there I In of the assertions made that women are compelledto. vote as the husband does, jtfK-- : 8ALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1, 1SS3. SWEET IR LIBERTY. "Sweet to us is Liberty, and Bondage odloua." i t Howappropriate are thesa words to the people of Utah. How iignlpcant at the present time. Every one who has in his veins the blood of freedom must feel keenly the thraldom nd oppression of the enforcement of the Edmunds law as interpreted by the Commlsion-rs- . The very men and women whoso ancestors helped to found this great government And establish republican institutions, to be deprived of the franchise, without Judge or jury, or any opportunity of defence whatever; such a policy pursued by those who profess to be administrators of law and Justice, la sufficient to -- make men feel the utmost indignation In their hearts and to protest strongly against such Injustice, and exclaim ''free we were born' and there Is no powtr to subdue the free-bor- n soul, though they may disfranchise and thus punish men and women for something unknown and unsubstantiated. "Kings themselves hold no dominion over the free The people of Utah have rights that ought to be respected by the general government, but how has it been? What aid has been given to them in settling the great American Desert? This Is what has been done, to cry out against them,, to beseech Congress to slop their proselyting, to hinder them from gathering people from other nations, eeeklng to make it an International question toljSejTrom them every of trust or emolument, an thn In the disposal of their ibeytiliiave-no-TOic- e own taxea, or any revenue rrom their own Industries; to put the men who settled this country and opened up its agriculture and manufactures under the feet of these who would despoil them of their worldly popsessions break down their institutions, and deprive them of every right that a free people.are entitled to . -lo- cal-position enjoy. The clamor has been so great and so general, that without inquiring Into the facts, newspapers will publishand republish the most audacious falsehoods against the "Mormons," and if any are bold enough in the face of public opinion to defend their cause and tell the truth, they are immediately assailed and upbraided a) having Joined the Mormon" Church or been bought over, etc Every scheme and cunning plan has been resorted to, it would seem, to deprive this people of liberty of conscience, and yet they are not conquered, much as their enemies have have conspired against them; though many of them were not permitted to vote at the last election. And became it happened there were a few women who conldJake the regis tration oath (bad as It was made) and cast a vote for the man of the people's choice, these would-b- e friends and protectors cf women, great in r trih V0yJfltWfitSiys , t to Jxhan ge "tht? laws and "ordman ces of t he local 'g$femmet,thd;ovcr under1" heretofore, footlawahdj once the pfidfc and boast of this beautiful and - con-tradictl- on -- :we7Mn"positivelyr"a88fcrtth7at no . man ever we asked us a question of this kind, ever heard any lady of our acquaintancs ay her husband or any other man ever sought to Influence her vote. Women have their ' own free agency In Utah and are quite' as independent. in. their opin the face of the earth. The officials sent here by the nlted States government know this nor-hav- I not aware that they were utrililDg a deadly u 10 i- f- to ; r fs 12. lorn - li be r t v i T77TTTr the plates, their own esteem, and loud In their deimntra- - ,:N'S EXPONENT. ions--mryemeh- la e on -- quiet city-and-arroattd- vestige of the power of office and make the people of Utah a set of serfs and. vaessli. But therals still some power vested in the, people of Utah, they are not all dlgfranchUed and .they, appreciate the meaning of the word liberty, and they are undoubtedly capable of maintaining the rights of frt emen. They know they have the right on "their side, and God and the right are a great majority Honor, to Judge Black and all such noble minded mm, who dare stand up boldlyaod plead the cause of the weak and down-trodde- i country and interested in the general welfare, it will be the practical exercise of the ballot. The mother, it is very generally conceded; forms most essentially the character cf her sons as well as her daughters,- - and according to her superiority of endowments, she imparts strength and force to their capabilities; the important responsibilities of the. ballot will most certainly add to her attainments and give tone" and balance to her femininity of character, and I thurwlll she be able to impart to her 'offspring thoss requisites and that higher home education that will help them to reach a higher standard, and who knows but through the advancement of. .women, and their political emancipation, the Jaws may be better adjusted and a broader plane may be reached for all humanity. At any rate the experiment is worth trying. So far Senator Edmunds has not succeeded in debarring the women of Utah of theirtranchlaij T although he and others sought to deprive them of this inestimable privilege. One would think Judge Black's logical and magnificent argument . for Utah pught to have put an end to this ever recurring quibble, whether "Mormons" should be tolerated or not, on account of their religious -belief; but although the Judge is a most learned and aide lawyer, yet many people will not listen even to the soundest argument, because their prejudice is so great. They do not comprehend liberty for all people of whatever creed or nation, vouchsafed by the Constitution, nor that Congress shall make no law abridging religious liberty. Judge Black's argument commends-itself and will certainly be read with great interest by the honest and intelligent who are not blinded.by bigotry and a desire to7 crush the "Mormons." Those who voted for tht passage of the Edmund's bill perhaps were , n. EDITORIAL NOTES. true.'" Moreover, they know that woman1 suffrage has worked no evil whatever, and not one of jthem can truthfully make an assertion to that eflect. Yes, women are influenced to vote by their own ideas of right and Justice. They want men to fill public offices that they know to be honorable and upright, and not those who would take from them every vestige of liberty. A woman who goes to the polls and deposits a billot, feels her political independence and that she is virtually part and parcel of the great body politic, not through herfather or husband, but in her own vested right. .. It is fetter to represent yourself than to be represented by . another, is most true In this par ticuT" lar, and applies with quite as much force to the ballot as upon any other question. If anything will give woman a desire to think for herself and form Opinions of her own, and make her feel the need of informing herself on subjects connected with the laws and government of her Tth The Women's Conference of this $ take of Zion will be held in the 14th, Ward In this City, on Friday and Saturday, 9th andIOthinst. commencing at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. each day. The Relief Society will convene on Friday and a full attendance is particularly requested. On Saturday morning the Primary Conference will be held probably In the Salt Lake Assembly Hall. Saturday Afternoon will be the Conference of the Y. L. M. I. A. It is expected ..the officers of these several organ iza tlons Will interest themselves in circulating notice of the Conference, that every society and association may be well represented by its members. Secretaries shojld be prompt in sending in their repoi ts. ' We have received, by courtesy of the author, a copy of "The Life of Nephi," recently issued from the office of the Juvenile In. STRUCTOR. It la the ninth book of the Faith Promoting scries, and is quite ts good, If not the best of them all; it is written in the peculiarly original style of the author, Bro. Gtorge Q. Cannon It will give the young reader most excellent ideas of the character and life of the great and good prophet JSephl." His example is one worthy of emulation by. the young of this generation. This book will be a most important one in the libraries of the young people. To read such books will enrich the mind, and strengthen all the faculties that are calculated to make the character noble and exalted. Good reading is ono of the delicate luxuries ouryoung people should Indulge - In, but they cannot be too careful In the choice of-- books; - parents canI not be too particular in selecting reading matter, there 13 great danger to the young in reading as well as in association, and to allow a child to read every thing is to allow the mind to grow up to weeds of the rankest, character that are likely to choke out ail the beautiful germs that always require care In' their training. "The Life of Nephi" contains 100 pages and is for tale at the office of the Juvenile, price 25 ctp. It ought to have a wide circulation, the merits cf the book demand it. Such sketches written will be likely to encourage the reading of the Book of Mormon which is adly neglected by many. rr THE.-RELIEF-SOCIETY- The Relief Society of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints la expected to reto the General Conferport ences In this city, held Jn April and October Its semi-annual- ly : ' 