WOMA N We, U doubt but that- I do, but we can take ad vice .from a fool, if. that advice b good, without partaking of h&Mih&s.- niust not only pray lor the welfare of thr k of our children, but seek the rood of it ,.,,m- pamon, who walks with it to the. gate of- th embrace orfthe" zgrareind-- i - of 7 morning u&piriij the resurrection. al whpheard theii in the Ho,4Mr& variety oi suojecw. Sisters Brown and Herrixk, and Bishops McQuarrie and Critchlow; also made some timely and interestingremarks, after which the meeting. wa3 adjourned for three months with and benediction. . " and answer Your prayers; Jxh$.zx your mind will be Monta Harris, IandingickentdXyou Exponent, a letter from perad-ventur- . ke I have chosen an odd Eijeyormyfssay Jjut I think it is one that L Is almost exhaustless, at least the evil results of it are. Wc all, as you know, have our failings, or weak; points, as they may be called; and slander ... is a failing that is common to almost every one of us. Slang is a "habit; that injures us, but slander not only injures us but those of whom we. are speaking. If any person has injured usv letU3 not speak evil of that person,r for the of enemies for purpose her, for in this making we may fail and only make' enemies for ourselves. I never injured a person in my life but "what I was sorry for it afterwards, and would gladly have recalled that injury; so it must be with those who injure me; their consciences will reprove them, which is punishment enough, without being slandered by me, .which only makes the breach'between us wider, and making enemies for her, but gain no friends for ra "J ; x .... y-se- lf. '. - . ; . We should try to guard our conversation and if we have any thing to say about a friend or even a stranger, let it be good and not evil. We should avoid speaking evil reports of another; we cannot gain friends by talking evil, : therefore, as friendship essential to happiness. we must guard our conversation, and not forget this savincr of our Savior: "Blessed are the peacemakers for they shall be called the ehil-- : i3 dren of God." Social conversation i$largely made up of what is called scandal; itiyould be difficult to find a talkative group of either sex, whocould It is far better to sit dumb thantn open our lips to speak evil, ofnny one. We should practice the golden rule, "Do unto somebodv. - possess the abiding faith t 4 awn into aJ . ..a-s-. Your friend and sister, S. A. Fullmer. Castle Dale, Emery Co., Utah, March Sth, s RESTORATION OF THE GOSPEL, Dear Mrs. Scott: I am as pleased to hear from you as though had met an old friend. I had been wonderI power. ing what had become of you, and if you had Then what b our duty? It is, to find but forgotten where we lived. I perceive by your what our Heavenly Father requires of his letter that the hand of affliction has been upon " -children; in order to bring them into your children, and that in answer to your with Him, that we may gain a knowledge prayers they have been healed. The Lord of Him. may have an object in this; He knows that You will find, by reading the Scriptures, your heart is turned towards His people, but what God requires of his children, in order pread venture your name is dearer to, you than that they may come to a knowledge of Him. the approbation of your Heavenly Father. He says: "Repent and be baptized and wash Weigh this matter over, my sister. He hath shown kindness to you in the hour of trial, Ho away jour sins." The Lord, in : giving his commission to his disciples, says, "Go ye into may: expect something in return; He is a" good all the world, and preach the 'Gospel; lie that paymaster, be not afraid to ierve Him, He will believetli and is baptized shall 'be saved." not turn you away empty. You say in your Mark xvi. 10 letter that you would give anything for the Also Peter, on the dav faith the ancient children possessed. Faith of Pentecost, called on the people, "to repent, comes by hearing the word of God. Now my be and baptized in the, name of Jesus Christ, dear sister, you have had a great many testi- - -for the remission of sins,. and then they should monies borne to you by the handmaidens of the receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." Hence Lord, and that in humility and - sincerity; you see, that our Heavenly Father has providthese may stand against you in the day of ed a way, by which we can gain a knowledge of Him. He also says, you shall knov of the judgment. It is said that the Spirit of God shall not always strive with man. And inas-- . doctrine, whether it be of God or man. By ; much as the Lord himself has condescended to obedience to these laws you have the promise,: come down in our day and bring His Son with of not only a knowledge of the doctrine, but a Him and introduce Him to the Prophet Joseph knowledge of God, and the things of God; and by the spirit of inspiration, given through Smith, then an unlearned youth in his early the gift of the. Holy Ghost, the power to see.-intteens, you and I, and all who have heard, the sound of the Everlasting Gospel, must the future, and to understand the work- stand accountable before heaven. When lings of pur Heavenly Father with the children of men. Joseph went into the woods and asked the Father to show him .which of the sects of the By obedience to these first laws, or princ- ' day wa3 right, the powers of darkness came iples, you will be entitled to all the blessings of the Gospel; to see visions; to dream dreams; to upon him in so much that he could not speak or move, and he supposed he would be destroyed. "have your sick healed by the power of God; Then he saw a light descending gradually until and "eye hath not seen, nor ear Jheard, neither it reached the tops of the trees and supposed -- -r hath it; entered the heart of any man, the " they" would be consumed ; but instead - thereof " things which God hath prepared for them that two personages appeared, whose glory was love him." . sun. And one, And our Father says: "He that loveth me, brighter - than the noon-da13 my beloved said "This to the other, will keep ray commandments." pointing f told Joseph that Lord The hear Him." ' The Lord ha3 Son, in blessed , you, greatly none of the churches of the5 day were His, and the lives of your children, and you that they had a form of godliness but denied felt to call upon the unknown God -- in yourr received visit3 from hour of trial. I will bear testimony to you, . the power thereof.--Josephe received all. the keys many heavenly beings, in the name of Jesu3 Christ, that if you will and powers of the Gospel of the Son of God, . obey the commandments of your Heavenly and that from the hands of those who held Father, with an honest heart, that you will them in the days of the Savior, but were killed not feel to eay an "unknown God," but that -- . i-- , 1 -- -- When we have anything but a good word to say of a person let U3 say it to the person concerned, that he or she may have a chance to defend him or herself. Hannv are the few who avoid slander,, talp-bearing, and jpreading evil reports. They merit the approbation of the wise and good; aau uuppy wouiu it De ior ine community ac large if this number could be increased. We have it in our power to encourage or discourage altogether this propensity to slander; and as we are often the sufferer by the indul- gence of thisunprincipled conduct it is our duty to discourage it. Dr6 not therefore let our lip3 unclose to utter anything that will injure another, nor do not let us listen to any one who would fill our ears niiox me lauuigs or louies oi a,uotner; auu inus we can do our part toward banishing from sothis pest of social life, slander. ciety :'.1T-in v i i ii uuuuu mm niiixo j. Duve oeen i uavc reading this, many of you have thought that I preach what I do not practice. I do not . 1 r"i o . - - ' "."'---- :; y jre-servi- : iiearnesswiin, Kjwi, and your soul will .find. ' rest. And you wilj not "get into the mud,'l but you will find "safe footing," and true-- ' hap- - pinessand satisfaction in this life. Let me, . a friend, beg that you will not "procrastinate, i -- that so many of the older professing Christians "have'; I rather . n . irom .reading your iletters, that you believe there is a God; and that you have, faith in Him, or you would not have cried unto him ,in your distress. But you Jack the all abidintr faith which" only comes through obedience to the law of God: then our faith merp-einto a certainty. When we look around and view the mighty works of Nature, the heavens above, with its millions of stars, the sun, the moon, and behold the revolutions of the same, we are obliged to acknowledge a s upreme ' . .will be . . " You may think that and when your soul's salvation is at stake: if you 'I feel -..that, the.principles of Mormonism are " true,- let ; no . earthly consideration deter you -'from obeying the same, as it is written, "that the Spirit of God will not always strive with" me cnnuren oi men. And our saviour savs he that will-no- t forsake all, "for His sake,' is not worthy- - of Him." He also says, "if ye love me ye will keep my commandments." Praying the Lord will enlighten your mind, strengthen your understanding, and., ran you. to see the light revealed in these last days, ior the salvation ot this generation, I sub? J scribe myself, c e, - SLANDER AND BACKBITING. 'r z . -- Secretary, Relief Society; : eullAtenpAt-vnuTrmrtzr- rr- reflect considerable. I have watched with ua.uers.-iumc me .inv? iPtrprs n; '"wicci also the. answers by our sifters, and feel deeply impressed to add my testimony. That out of the many,: something may, be conviction sufficientlto gleaped faith in her heart, and cause her to inspire believe that our Heavenly' Father implicitly is the same yesterday, ..that He .will - hear- - and answer bur ' humble prayers, if we ask in faith, believing, but it is by obedience to the commandments of God, that we gain the "all abiding faith." Dear lady, you say yon would give anything to that-wiiPstri- -- fU' WOMAN'S VOICE. -- instruction on a . will gain a knowledge of God, and of Hs Son, Jesas. Christ; ihsX you will be enabled to Both Sisters w ble tot Ella Dallas. Snow and Zina "dwelt long"W the abrjve Sub' ject. I cannot begin to describe in lanuae a3 neart leu as they spoke,-- - it .i mnl Theyaje-innclr-Talua- 73XiP 0 N E K T ng -- h ' 