WO MA N'S EXP ON EN It c&u only to the eaaie toil lprj id ice Ilia exited in the days cf our vij, when It m"said, "Can any good .thing eemo cut of Nrzreth?" But notwithstanding nil" thlrfiatriijroFrj i'bi'Ujfrn?," woti.nn's star K iu.U.o tcei-d- r ry, hr hii t fne-- mfike - 7a-- -- n -- " . Tjik performances of the Kome Damitfc Association during jUonferen.co; were as go?d a , rteontatlon of the talent o' the "company as could pjsslbly to giren, The presentation of the two plays, "Pique" aud ;(ireHa 'Lna.i cf re-p- WCriTlIl U H I )U tJ II - - r LI!H l.f I' l - - I HI - J and the crowded houses' and enthusiastic applaud proved how appiesiative were , the audiences. Nothing cauld have been more appropriate than these seltctlons. Tha stago appoint-- , the way in which the in en 1?, tcenery, plays were jut upon the boards, as ?e!l as.tho txqulfd e costumes of the performers were all in - - H.lrnlrable harmony. ethtka rill - want. exactly what we ... x. 1),, E. guvo her . '.';-- " 'gfleH" ,,' the"Jar"eli te7, but ut A, . iui "Irmn3, AnJ-tUti.,- -n- ot-oiilyohraTn -- Inve9tiatioh"of our question by Intelligent men U rV also of the earlier inhabitants of thn Wfirld fur r Jlma. plates an account of Jared and his people, but also of the creation faueaDyltb exarii ine en-totdnn- thVrr that is contained ori nlftlS Will haifeeikniAV-mfire-abo- rrcToruioa''rn:t6tloDJ which these advocates; raid women it of the world, Vith a history of its people up to the time of the building of the great tower from whence Jared and his colony came.. 'V,'::'"-;V-G. 11. Ladic Journal, t Manuscript paier, Young" - ; : . - uosrdins to pintmfnt, frte lecture oiithetuljyctxf Laws lUrnc-y-? fir&t to ..LorLie to - the - .,; For the Exponent.' ; A FEW REFLECTIONS. we karn from those ;.:JffboWro"-jircsent that full satisfaction was While attending-oulate Conference and given and that it was highly creditable to her-rei- 'f. ' with much fc'ho wa3 in the 8:h interest to the statistical listening, lec.uriag to the of the Church of Jesus Chriit of Latter- rqport ,..Yuung Ladies en tiie lit.h of thi irouth and 'r " which to many neoi)lo h verv drv- day Saints, they listened with profound attention, and ty bui to me is full of intense interest: it U n invitation she will continue the tame tui ject on sermon of itself; it speaks volumes, my miud the I'Glh cu' Oct at ths fiimoplicep,tS p.m. Her back reverts to the time when the Church wjw medical class Laa cornmicc:d tt her reiiJthce, first' organized. and theso that have :corr.e express themeelvfi8... t h a 1 he f aci itk s "which :heitllBr8 - to t 1 u -but 24 years of age; not a graduate from any "denlaslITpaseB their expoctaUons. We Josirn .of the colleges of the day, tLey still are coming, and it ii to be hop,&d that a nor salaried minister, nor with auy-- of the there interested will' spsro no pains in avAil-ic- g qualifications supposed to be necessary to prethemselves of the cffr before it is tto late. pare jnen fori preaching the gospel in this" highly enlightened age. What were the qualifications of this yoimt'' THE BOOK OF ETIIEIl. man, J oseph Smith, the great Prophet of t he nineteenth century? We are told in the Book The Book of Ether is one of the most in teroi iiormon (Second esting books in the Book of Mormon. It h a Chapter) that Joseph, who was carried captivo short synopsis or abridgement of the record of mio gypi, prupuesicu mat .in 'the latter davi r was written which twenty-fouJaredites, upon ; the Lord would raise up a Seer, "and", savs These of plates were found by plates gold. Joseph; "his name shall be called after me; an.l the subjects of King Limhi, who were sent by and it'shali be after the name ot his father." that monarch to discover the land of Zarahem-l- a Now,, this is one proof that he was predestinain the second century, before Christ. They ted to come forth a certain work, ISLh Ward, ' 0t. Sih, and -- . r d 1 1 known-establish- ' .i2. ed . . r- k--ot-'Ne"Dhj:'&7iri7l " On Tuesday the IGUi lust, the taks'onaries Europe take their departure from Halt Lake their field a ( f labor. On Tuesday thel;Srd, it ii expected they will ail froia New Ytrk in the steamer Abytfeinia of the Guicn L'ne. With theaa missionaries there will ba oeveral ladies, tome bound for the State?, and of hers will cioes - ' - ica is. contained vPformon-flhrifl'vpmptDoubtless tl.c t.imo will cofnowTjniuch Tarry . to t3 :i fjrthjn W-ir- EDITORIAL NOTES. LLlo U Hi. the rooii odioua' manner of rig'd ineasurHriYorn Congreis who urge of ju'iijiitt Hwa would gladly hinder. . - I I a d v e rl i.Dg h ., , at - ava, n't j 3iirnrillst: f JajDSJlHOl v ard, which sets women cf Zioa vrlll foremost in lifting a banner to thu nat'ofi that, will be worthy be purer nud better socially and p.l.Uciily in consiquence of the advance mdo by the women who are engage J in "the struggle for equal po' Hticul rights. Wo hope that during the coming wln'cr eoiru rapid Etri ,'ca any .be rr.a in torcarcT the (onsiiuiiiiitloa a3 ardtiit y (jesired i y all woman suffragists,, trie pssaago of the exes-ntamendment. It tate3 time to ojnvert t'ie pa 1 pie to th63e'ne wiJ ea on t he sul j set of voting; T for only a fetv yet comprehend the advantages to lie derived from wonianV influence-ijh II- , ,77. We wW the every sae2ef.,.s!J)sit': the first copy con r . A T m England to 'visit her . - v-jwa- , (:uv3 iu relaUvW Mrs. Josephine Smith to join her huibaod, Apostle John H. Smith, now President cf the European Mission, na'M7SA hiiie. ells CauiuUj who will g to Germany and Switzerland, where her husband, Eider John Q Cannon, haa been laboring fcr over two ye&rp, most cf that time in Germany, and ha3 recantly been appointed-tpreside over uv uni3o li vjrciLuau lUiMdiou. we congratu-Jat- a these sisters on the opportunity they will enj )y, not only in visiting other countries, but in aiding the Elders who are laboring in thue important missions to eprtaj a knowledge cf the true gospel jarnong the nations. From our we ehall expect to receive Annie daughter to the Exponent, which will no doubt add greatly to the attractions of cur 1 ttle paper.. We have received the first copy of The Woman'u Tribune, published by. The Nebraska Woman's Suflrajje Association, Mottc: "Equality before the Law,' price one dollar a year. It is quite an undertaking, but Nebraska women can surely sustain a paper of this feiud in their own interests, and it will ba an imDortant fictor in educating the people up to the standard nec-e- s ary to carry the state for woman's euflrage. The edi tor, Mrs. C "ara Colby, of Beatrice, Neb., is a very able person, has excellent executive ability arid literary-attainme- nt as v. el1. Bhe can both plan and execute as well as speak and write. We had the pleasure of meeting her at Omaha at the N. W. S. A. Convention in the fall cf 1882, and know whereof we speak. She has all the elements of character bo agential for a thorough worker in the woman anrTrage fleld of labor, as well as those calculated to regu-lar'conlributio- n8 . and-perfo- did not iind the land they desired, but wandered into the northern continent, where they found mauy remains of. the Jaredites, "and n gst other things these plates." It was Mo-- . roni wrlio made the abridgement which is found in the'Book of Mormon, and he says. .he. has not written a hundredth part of what was on the plates, bu t he has interspersed the original narrative with muny explanatory' notes, interpolations, prophecies, etc., of his own. It eeems from hia remarks that the lan-- . that he g.uage' is almost entirelyhii--ownran- d the followed of the text "has seldom original j records, as a man might in these days write a life of Moses, founded on what are known a3 the Five Books of Moses in the Bible, and yet scarcely ever quote the original exactly. The Jaredites appear in their time to have been the mightiest nation of. antiquity.. They rose into power quicker than either Egypt or Chaldea, and having the whole western world as their domain, with njoothcr.raceoi-rjatio- n to oppose them. Their increase in numbers wa remarkably rapid, while at the same time they developed a civilization peculiar to themselves, in which promises were realized according to their faithfulness to heaven. They were also threatened by their prophets with dire calamities if they forsook the Lord and practised iniquity; unfortunately for them they frequently gave way to sin from too great prosperity, and ultimately grew so- wicked that theywere exterminated from' the face of the land. The wicked killing, the, wicked until there were none left." And so they were destroyed. So U l is declared shall all nations be who dwell on this most blessed land, when they utterly and entirely forsake the ways of righteousness and give themselves over to iniquity. The only account of this mighty people who " at one time filled both orth and South"Amer amo -1-- re-cord- ed . - . , rm for Joseph further says concerning him, the Seer, "and he .shall be like unto me, for I 4 1,,.,- - ... 1, , I. 4 L.n I ,v.,l I . . ! i 1 " 1 T1 hand, by the power of the Lord, shall bring , my people unto salvation;" I f there was any disposition to doubt that Joseph Smith was - the one here spoken of w e have only to call to mind- - thef act that in answer to his prayers the Lord himself and II h SonTJesus Christ, appeared to him and told him that the Gospel infts fulness should be revealed to him, not at that time, but when he should be sufficiently educated. Wa3 here a college upon the earth at that time, in which this young man could receive an education that would fit and prepare him to bring forth the for the Gospel .and, officiate dead? to build the and temples to the living Most High God and administer in His name? Not this side, of heaven. Jesus Christ himself -- f ' cient Prophet of the Lord, came and unfolded to him mysteries that had been hid from the world for many generations; it took about nine ' years to complete his education, and fit him for the work that was beforeliirn. After he had been educated sufficiently was ho fully pren pared to commence the great work for the family? No, he had not yet received his commission;- - When a parson takes a normal course of studies, with a view to becoming a teacher, when their course is finished they have to undergo an examination, and if they are able to pa33with credit to themselves and to theTrmstructors they receive a that effect, and are then prepared to" to tificate enter upon their duties as 1 teachers. Just so with Joseph Smith, he had received his educa- tion from Jesus Christ, the son of the liviny God, frpmhQlymett,.that had lived on thi3" earth in ages long gone by, and who had come hu-ma- sat--i-facti- -- on 