TO TIME. IIo, rutlilefii invader! Baywhlther away, vl : ' With thyjperefleaawytheand thy lock of gray? Canst thou not for ft moment proldng thy career of tho dying year? of his will? Don't think that He will allow rthe'?lag of 4Liberty,4hsijas)of freedom to be dragged in the mire underfoot with impunity. No, the Lord; will come out of his hiding place and vex" the nation , dire dis- U:and:uniesS; theyrrepent-hBwiinsetraction, plagues, famine and woe in their ed . nd midst, until they will be obliged to edge his almighty, power. by, tlaa thy Lean no throb, thy soul no Ugh, To giTe, as a tribute, to tha last, tha lone, To the ruined tower Tfrith moss o'eTgroira, -To the widow in tears for the ahed, To the jorphanwho mourna a parent dead, To4 tha childless sire whose son has found A colliniess graT on the battle ground, Or the wounded soldier who vainly cries For a gllmpsa of home ere his spirit flies To that land where peace immortal smiles, And the syren's fame ho more beguiles, " To tha drooping form of the maiden fair, . Or the fading flowers that deck her hair? Can that lovely child on Its mother's knee, With Its dying smile win no tear from thee? Dost thou feel no pang for the wife's appeal, . As her midnight prayer on the low winds steal, That he she so fondly trusted may Repay that trust at no distant day? Thou hast visited yon majestic tree, And that yawning rent was made by thee, That towering pile on the upland brow Shows the mark of thy blasting finger now, V And the stately form of Its master bends 'Neath thy withering touch as he slowly wends ' His way where tha hungry, old iry crawls To his gorgeous feast on tha crumbling walla, zr Thou hast sprinkled with ailrer my own dark hair, And Jthe once smooth cheek thy wrinkles hear; And the form that in youth seemed to ladgfc thee to did-tofficers arrest upon Belle Harris? None. What right had any court, jury, or lawyer to pry into her private affairs? ; None. Andbecause' she refused to answer a question that was an insult in itself, she was sent to the penitentiary, "for contempt of court," "to maintain the dignity of the conrt' oh consistency, thou art. a jewel." It was true dignity and chivalry combined., that refused bail lo a lady brought into court with? out any charge, only suspicion. wat-charg- life-bloo- d w ' acorn . : . fe ' - , - . ' r d Where are thy laws, Columbia? boasted Where thy freedom, thy protecting care? Is this a land of rights, stern facts shall say, when defenceless women are dragged from their homes and placed in a prison; the sacred-nes- s of their homes and firesides invaded by those who should be the ones to protect them,well may we ask the qnestion, where is the spirit of 76? Where is the spirit of a Washington? where 1 oh where ! is the spirit that animated the framers of the glorious Constitution of America? Have our forefathersbled and died in vain? Is there not enough of the spirit of freedom left in the land to denounce such oppression? Oh I ye Statesmen, ye Legislators and rulers, pause and reflect ere it be too late, and know that the Lord God of Heaven rules and controls the nations of the earth, that kingdoms, principalities and powers of the earth are under his; divine will. And do ye net know that he inspired the framers of the Constitution of America by the power high-minde- far-fame- d . Sarih -- A ' , " On the first of May the Primary Association oftheJE,irstWard of Richfield withheirpresi dent and. Second- in honor of Sister Ruth Hayward's birthday, Ckunselor-ariged-TrpaT- ty" that day she was sixty-nin- e years old; she is first Counselor- - in the Primary Association. on She has been very -- faithful and interested for the association, in teaching the : children the of truthr The children made the , principles day very pleasant with their songs, recitations, dialogues, etc Great credit is due the children for their good order and 1 the ! love they expressed to the aged. A number of the leading sisters were present, and - made somejvery enalso" couraging remarks; many of the parents of the children were present. 'Sister Hay ward was presented with some presents, selected from the store by the Primary girls; also many tokens of love. Sister Hay-war- d in a kmd and 7 motherly way expressed her thanks for the honor and respect they had shown her. Asked the Lord to bless the children. A bounteous picnic was then passed to all in the house. The afternoon . passed off harmoniously, making in all a very pleasant u 1 time.' 7, Mj.ru. Richfield, Sevier Co., Utah, May 30th, 1883 A meeting of the lineal descendants of Gov ' William Bradford of Plymouth Rock, was held in Cleveland, Ohio,;May 10th, 1883. At that meeting it was decided to pilblish a history of this distinguished family- - All des-- : cendants of the Bradfod family are invited to forward names and any facts of interest to - the secretary,- - S. B. Bradford, Carbondale, Kansas, or the historian, Mrs. Lester V. King, Auburn, New York. Any one disp.ed to contribute means toward the history will please send it to the treasurer and receiv er, Wm. Uradtord Xeach, Uhilicothe, Mo. Mrs. Elmira Pmkham Tuft, feels to corres pond and assist in this matter. She is a lineal descendant. Her grandmether was Abigail Sterling Bradford; her own mother Betsy Bradford Pinkham. Mre. Tuft is also one of the descendants of Tristram and Dyonis Cofiin. She is. much interested in the subject of geneaology. ; June 28th was the anniversary of the birthday of Sister Marinda N. Hyde, one of the early members of the Church. k . - Fullmer. A PLEASANT PARTY. . proceedings being euacted against us as a peo ple; ; we protest against all invasions of our rights granted to us by the constitution; as Americans we claim the right of protection from all invasion of, our rights, we ask, why such a distinction between a Latter-da- y Saint . xM- TT T.11 J waa a xeue aim vjrenwief xiarns put in ta r t ai common prison wnere me worst 01 crimanai3 are imprisoned, although not occupying the same apartments, while a man charged with bigamy ia scarcely tried, and ia left to run at large .in the commnnity and impose upon . the people. We think with the "Record the that do show that the full officers Union".', rigor of the law is enforced upon supposed criminals when they are Mormons, and the rigor 13' relaxed in the case of a Gentile crim-inal- ." The case does not show well for our Federal onicers.It is the"bld cry, as it was in the days of Christ when the Jews cried. "His blood be upon us." It is the same spirit that 1 .1 .1 . il tne f i. - aeatn; same spirit mat to pui our oayior killed the prophets and apostles in the days of Jesus; the same that kijjed our Prophet and A. Onangeyille, Emery Co., June 5th, 1883. Zion you know that those who sufier persecution for Christ's sake, great shall be their reward in heaven. The Almighty holds the helm, and He has said through his prophet Jn this our day, that inasmuch as we five our religion inviolate aud keep his commandments He will be our God, and we shall be his people, then why should we despond? With our Heavenly Father for our friend, what will it matter if the whole world be against us? Poorweak, puny man to fight against God, when their very breath depends upon his mercy, they are measuring arms with God, and He will smite them by the power of his word, unless they repent in sackcloth; the cries of the daughters of Zion are as- cending to the throne of God, saying, how long, on JUord, snail the cry or thy people ascend before thy throne- for redress for the wrongs they have endured? But not our will be done, but Thine. Most just and merciful Father, we thy people trust in thee, we have confidence in thee, and submit humbly to - thy decree; at" the same time we contend for our rights, and C protest against the unconstitutionality of the IS THIS A LAND OF LIBERTY? - Praying 'fcr the success of the Exponent and the welfare of Zion, - Retpeetfully your sister, - - could live as they thought, but the Lord was : with his people and led them to a land where they could be independent, and they have prospered until they haye become a Doweriin the nation which has vexed them; bo the adversary is prompting them to annoy and raise a hue and cry, it is a warfare between the powera of : darkness and the hosts of heaven, and it will continue until the kingdoms of this world are subdued ; and : brought into subjectioiv to the kingdom of heaven, and He reigns whose right it is to reign, until the evil one is bound " and a reign of righteousness established upon the earth- - Then let us rejoice in the God of our salvation, knowing that ere long the Lord will appear in his glory to reward the faithful, and to cleanse the earth from wickedness and corruption, and reign triumphantly a Conque r- - or. G-o- ball, But not with the hand that made it, all . . A " Thy power Is crushed when he delgna to shew How thy flight la confined to this sphere below. Then linger a moment, tho thy footsteps are seen In the halls of kings and the Tillage green; . Thou art monarch of this frail world of ours, Of its loftiest domes and Its tiniest flowers, But a mighUer monarch than thou hast decreed That the aoul of man from its spirit freed Shall ignore thy power and rise a bore ' ; Thy tireless wing to a home of lore, Where thy name Is not heard or thy footsteps seen, And the land Is dressed in eternity's green. 1 1 If. A. Yi.ui.T02r. London.-"-- y d "r - - We say to our sister Belle, put yourtrust in - 7 that God whhaswatched over his Saints and protected them from time to time 'from their enemies, and be sure that the prayers of your sisters are ascending up to the throne of grace that you may have strength and fortitude to maintain the principles of liberty and freedom to which you were born a citizen of the United States. Stand firm to your integrity as a daughter of the Republic, having a right to the protection of this government against all the encroachments upon the saeredness of aa " daughter of your tome and fireoiJcj-n- Is bent as before thee 'tis onward borne. Yet thou art defied, yes, tyrant thou, That feeble form with a furrowed brow Hath a spirit that laughs thy seythe to scorn, A soul that llted ere thou wert born, A mind that can soar to the end of Time, And la fancy hear thy funeral chime, -- Thou may'st gambol, grim : shade, with this mutable" .. he e "Thoa carest not much for character, Thy aim is how to destroy, And that by treacherous stealth." " - :- and-trampl- " tiSSPISIIft Hthyhad';irin Era. thou glTcst endless night t&sylan Ooet thoa feel no remorse as thou fieest . Patriarch in Nauvoo, and has put to death so many of our brethren; and sisters, and drove - them from S tate to State - until they thought they Had driven them to their death beyond 