Vi O U A N ' S tiro, cL;?J.Ta.sb Aittr.i xi CO. 0 IS KNTu tiii". ia Sister, Mary" WllUaul Itorlav. lb- as shj ?he repeated! r said,-wish- ed ircrre, asd toid tb nurse to have her'.-- bbe a rewZdajs:. wonli coraa for ready, "died three da.vs after the Sicgalir tor ear, tic babe h!X'SiAne EX F - OtJDEN, WKUKU fiTiKi:. y'The Relief Societies uf Weber Htake of 'Aon " held their (Quarterly Confertuce cm Thursday ': March mh, 1SS3, in the Ogdcn TaWrnacle On tho stand were President Jane S. Richard -.- . '.- V V ea ilation of us all. ; Caunolora Ifattiob Rrown :nnd; Saralrlriier :" iveolred, That we;' condola and i?telyjiyopathi?Q: mother. 7V rick, and Skim Eliza - K Snow Smith, Zina !a few hours' before her. departure, Khib4iv1;-"Tiynid,fthrrahetvlvfitl vc dJaU Joki- DwII. You ng, Eliza Hall, also Presidents of ' and friend, ia the I3s of a loving wife, kind a:idNadeev I2i: hranch Societies, several BLshopa and Jeadin-- ' X ..L -- X' , tionate- tkag ater5,' an d' trtjjg. frier d. with me now, but If you ara a good boy you still Elere. vAfterthe ;usual exercises .of e'minfr 3YIth a smile she seatlr fell asleep. utions .be, spread upon-th-e coin after li llfsohent attl prajcr, the reading of the minu tea ani r- -Also, Dec. 2 1 L re&rdai Fanir M. , wife of W. T. ' x ro ext. PresidenrJane S. Richards made a Stewart, andaEghier of .James A. and Mary J. Little, . ;." -- 44rtvetc? died of puerperal fever. Sfce was torn in Salt Lake tew opening remarks, felt pleased to ee go ' v : : ' , City, May Crd, 152. Ja$.teVXsoS---many oi iiiq oroiners ana sisters ouLtoJmeet-in-g. - Felt sure Like her friend before her, she was anxious ; to go Hkli:: K.'Akmsteojco, the Lord wauld bless and pour ' was y " to said her mother, who home, and weeping. his Spirit upon them; was grateful and Geoiige j.EXsr','l:. Mother, why do you weep? I am not afraid to die; I ful to our Father in.. Heaven, for his goodness would rather live in eternity than here." She was In Lehalf ofthcXphraim Sabblth Choir. . unto us as a people. Prayed that all would March 17th, 1S.. good and beautiful, and loved by all whoknewher strive to keep faithful and true to their reliShe has left two sweet late?, as well as husband-an- d gion, remember the- - poor and needy, comfort ; : friendi, to mourn her loss.- "'i those whom we see - who are in trouble or;dis- -- r'BIessed at" consolation, to those who are left behind, 3Iarch of after 1SS;;, ICth, Diep, Ephraim, palsy, Jressfor-tha- t is what these societies are ormin- that these paro daughters and young mothers in Zion five days .1 .1 V t , hwdjsjickneMaf ' ueu ior, auu rin 11.. have gone to an eternal test. lt oiessing or helping others and daughter of Steven and Emma WilliamsT. "D6rlus," - - 'Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord, for we certainly bles3 .onrselves. Asked God to Deceased was tby 2nd, 1 SCO, at Ephraim.' be with each and every one of us. rest from their labors." She died as she lived, a true and faithful Latter-daM. Sister Eliza R. Snow Smithnrddferthe Elizaleth Little. u Saint, and her early departure from us cast a gloom '. ISSo. March 2nd, ..Kanab, over JJho people. meeting. She spoke s first on the subject of baptism, and how a Veal , Saint of God felt when this holy ordinance was performed; IINT MEMORIAM. briefly to the paying of tithing; thought S., Y. L. M. I. A. AXD PRIMARY ' ' all should attend to this duty, even little chil- '., REPORTS:- Died, in this city, March Ctb, 1353, of inflammation of drsJhwMJjejtaugh the lungs, ITelen E., beloved daughter of Georga A. and whether we have much or little. The Lord is Lydia L. Alder, agedj elghicnjneQiithand--- nYKUM. - seventeen very particular in small things; we know this days. Association The held of Primary Ilyrum by reading the Bible. Let. us also strive to be A pare spirit has left us, one well prepared to dwell their annual meeting, March 10th. The. meet-- " In a holler sphere and among purer intelligences. particular in all little matters pertaining: to j .:.. r well filled. house was a this life; by so doing we are preparing for our Quite number of ing withThefamily and being her Having On were visitors the stand PresiWere present. future existence, whichjs something well worth Sabbath School teacher for many years, I feel I can dent E. Jane President Wilson, Molen, was she all in Lucy her exemplary in saying speak advisedly living for here. Spoke on the Sacrament of of Christena Johnson and Frances Stake, walks of life, also a member of the Young People's Asthe "Lord's Supper, and the necessity of partak Counselors the of Relief than more held was at for house sociation (which Society. Of Stephens, my ing of it with a pure hearf before the Lord. the brethren, Bishop Simpson Molen, David three years) I always found her prompt and willing to , She dwelt some time on the subject of training 1 Osborne and Alma Benson. Sister Lucy Wilperform anything she was requested to do. She was and educating, the young and rising generamodest in her manners and conversation chaste In her son presiding. Prayer byRrQLher--D- . Oiborne," tion, especially the girls; thought they should tastes7sensitive and delicate id- her temperament,-full-- p Minutes Roircalled. meet-rinof g Smgihgr have a good kitchen education, and that they previous of filial affection to her parents, brothers and sisters, and read were then read approved. Reports would then be good housewives, be good for ' and also most affectionate to her friends, - myself inand r accepted. something, besides simply to drum a few tunes cluded.. Ever willing and ready to make personal sac- - ' Exercises. Lecture from Parley P. Pratt,; -on-- an organ: or piano; the'education of our fifices to oblige others, especially those In "advanced Milia Oorbett; Recitation," HaunahIverson; girls must be in everything that is ennobling to life, to whom she was ever respectful.- - -- Always Song, Joseph Wintle; Recitation, Clara Fellef--r womankind. Hoped all 'would be driigent in' thoughtful of her mother, and desiring to assist her in "The Purest son,- entitled, Pearl;" Dialogue domestic duties. Not long ago she said to me, 'I attending to their duties, no matter how small and Ella Harriet Shaw, "Primary Stephens by should so love to attend Sabbath School, but I cannot the.ymighi appear. Sarah ' T Meeting;" Song, Hanson; Sister Zina D. H. Young hoped our minds Recitation," now, when think how long mamma has done the three "Cold little girls; Recitation, Water," by would be illuminated, to quicken our underwork, that all of us might attend Sabbath School. Thomas is Emma feel She Hanson and was very sensitive in Now I it my turn." Fellefson; Song, standing, that we might prepare here for the Uns to and the her Eva worth. felt friends, towards way regard they life to come. Advised the sisters to read good President Wilson made a few remarks, her. She ever reminded me of a delicate tea rose jnst books, to gain light and intelligence. Thought burst forth, and, oh! so sweet and fragrant, bat open wished to do her duty at all times, and teach that air we learned here, and every victory we xthe door and let the frost touch it,or exposejt to the the children the ways of life and salvation. attain in the nshyouW promote our advance- tocr crcerays of the 6un, and it"wlll droop, fall, and Sister Johnson was the next speaker;. she spoke ment hereafter,- - when we leave, these frail die. The extremes of the chilling blast of winter, and thechildren, said there wa3 a tabernacles, and go home to Father and Mother. ' the burning heat of summer, affected her earthly taber- in the Association. Sister great improvement She spoke also on the subject of physiology "liable; and so was her spirit chilled or brightened as the few words a on the Stephens spoke and health; thought the mothers of the day good that breath of love and friendship rose or fell upon' It. Iler was being done in Reaching the children the should try and educate a race who might have natural dispositionNvas cheerful, and she had implicit of and their truth, principles room to breathe. Let us promise even in their preparing confidence In the ordinances of our Church. She wished J young usefulness for minds in the Kingdom. Sister to live, but her Father in Heaven desired her presence cradle, that their hearts shall not be pinioned Molen to the children. spoke very interestingly, in the serried ranks of the as in a vice, nor their spines bent like a bow, hosts, where she Molen said, "I regret there are not now shines among the jewels of that glorious court. Bishop We must nor their ribs bent into ' more boys belonging to the Association; "said Shall we be so selfish as to mourn her exaltation by is in the the teach body the temnursery that which wo loseher sweet society? No, we have dropt :the boys who attend the Primary are the best ple of the Holy Gho3t. We must leave no tears of love upon her youthful bier, it was Tight and we to not drink use boys, ought liquors:nor place in the minds of our little ones for lunatic should keep the "Word of Wisdom." just to'jdo so. But now let us all,' with heart and voice, sentiment, that the minds healthful action and : The Primary Association also gave airefiter-tainme- nt congratulate her, and say, the integrity of the organs on which it operates "Joy, joy foreycr! tby task is done, in February. The exercises consisted are secondary to the vanities ofexternal decoraThe gates are passed and neaven is won." x of songs and recitations,, selected from the ' tion. If they have received, from their cradle : Julia Cbuse Howe. We had a good timealL Speaker. Primary a sound body7cohvTnce the ;;: arch.lOth, 1SS3, . present were child that it is accountable for both. How shall -- The were -We $15. proceeds the mother answer for it, in whose hand the soul gave $7.20 to the missionaries, and the remainder, was used for of her child is laid, if she suffers fashion to RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. the Primary. cover it, melting the lines that wisdom penciled Our are our iAt last choir practice the following preamble and meetings interesting, and much there, till what heaven would havo polished for credit is due to the President and those assresolutions were unanimously adopted. itself, loses the fair impression, and becomes ociated with her. -- Ever praying for the welfare Whereas, It has pleased an Providence to like common earth? Thought we should study call from our midst, by the hand of death, our beloved of Zion, and the success of the Exponent.' indeeply, that we need not through ignorance friend and Sister, Therefore, " " Alice Uxswortii, , terfere with those laws on which the organizaresolved, That we do recognize- la the death of our " Z CJorresponding Secretary. tion of our children depends, rendered precious "r'-'Earis's- ' . her past faithful libera itevIred, That and devotion .to'daty,. as worthy the fcI!o6h!p and we-estee- , ' - -- : - : Sfs5 - . ; and.-WoMiJi's-- ' " - . 'J' . . - . " - -- '.'.-- r born-Januar- y y ; re-fer- ed - . bcen-intim- ate - . - ; -- er ""'"v""""7.7" . . the-live- r. -- ' . ' , - leased-withnhTOminmenfc" . All-wis- e . - 