.a am,1 I1- -,, A TRIBUTE. To Emili Scott I i.i L.'M. HeWnn. so hurhed and low, Fearlnf e'en m own voice to' tear, JLfcd 0Twj67d klndlj word Y J"rom those around ma, true sud dear, Ana little thought or.lUtentd where The echoei died upon the sir. 4Djf &Um -- : And little dreamed I all the while, : How by the task In tllence wrought, : That answering to my trembling heart Should lorlng mcBsagea be troaght To lighten all the coming days "With the soul's bright, rays.' Sing on, my heart, and bear to those Returning words of gratitude, And bear this wish that all may find " In house of prayer and solitude, The source that made this gift my own, And Isarn the music round Ills throne. Augusta Jot cb Cbocheuo. Salt Lake City, April 20th, 1SS3. life-eheeri- HELEN AND VIRGINIA. Thibd CnlrTBK. soul-flow- " - ' Uwzer!" " And sways the sense with perfumed breath; Tet taate 1U petals all delight Is lost in agony and death. Alas, that hearts to their own kind May poisonjreachery extendi And that the helpless, trusting walk Beside the strong and may not know If those on whom their hopes depend Shall pro-r- their soul's good friend or foe.. Aid her still face would oft incite In hearts of these dark birds of prey A purpose swift, and strong and deep - To know her and win assuring smile; TVlth power greater than e'er they Had kaown by artifice and guile. And such, unnoticed or repelled, Turn in still wrath to wreak their power "What power hare such?" 0, ask of these "Who toil for bread day after day, How false, brief words, in one short hoar, May snatch a girl's fair name away. And lore, though pure, may not be right To hare and hold against God's laws; And looking oxer all the world ' We find a mystery sol red herein A broken law the primal cause . Of hnmaa misery and sin. - When flattery and wealth are yaln j The lonely toller to allure, A stronger shaft the tempter brings; Two souls that else were all complete, Meet the world' Terdict stern and sure And joy or honor must retreat And thus defrauded the foul's right, " The laws man made, his spirit weighs; The scales swing all uneTenlytiLi His eyes the written law behold, And still his spirit swing and sways Twixt law of man and law of souL , Amid these wildring paths of life one who knew walked at Virginia A time would come when all might find? Troth,' justice and the' way of right; And erer with, this faith in rlew Kept hr pure soul's lamp filled and bright. - " : ; 1 to aba A---Th- ijiwfne- irue hwa:iiymg-uoo,jjvn- child of song had followed hi rri O'er paths that reached fyreyer on ; . The Tales of peace lay far bcl ow, j The phantom" hope, was faint and dim, And still beyond o'er yrastcs of enow. ." 7 ; . And yet night after night sho sac 2, She sang for love, bLo $tng for gold, That she might win hy lavish gift Wrought from her aching heart, the lovo- That omce was fond, and now was cold; Her roice rang all applause above. : V ihands, and U merciful and kind. "Thev call U3 (tnewom;n ot Utah) slaves!. we were Iree until they began' to make laws against m The only May. oppression we feci comes from then .heaven save me from such deliverance fi3 they propose to give us. Excuse me, I would sooner live and die cncircled lythc-.-cliainii- they talk io muclr about, honored and God," honest men and womes, and beloved to God and my conscience, and deny the knowledge that He has given me. Our deliverance will come soon. The darkest hour is just . 1 . p . ii i i trve necui . aawn. 10 pui our ueioreme oniy ti.Virw rVirt ITirvt . " turn gloves an o and cared for by God himself, than turn traitor For her, as o'er her sleeping babo Honora's gaze in sadness bent, "" Virginia's spirit.rose In prayer, Her Toice bore strength and tenderness As one with gift by heaven lent, To serve, protect her, and to bless. ; - e 1 pnof entrft Vi1f-.- id REFLECTIONS ON PROPHECY. October 29th, .1832. A PLEASANT PARTY. On the second of April the Young Ladies' a AuiruvcuiuiiLi there was a God in heaven, who" was able to deliver those who trusted in Him; he had wit- -' nessed the deliverance of the; three Hebrew-childrfrom the fiery furnace without even the smell of fire upoatheirgarmenla. And when thc lrd'eelnt a dram to him, and Daniel was called to show him the interpretation thereof, and it was made known to him that he should be driven out from the midst of men, and dwell with the beasts of the field until he should know that the Most High ruled in the kingdoms of men, andgiveth it to whomsoever He will; and Daniel said to the king, O, King, let my counsel be acceptable unto thee and Dreak off thy sins by righteousness, and thine iniquities by showing mercy to the poor, if it may be a lengthening of thy tranquility. Still alter this the king walked in hia palace twelve months; and he spake and said, "Is not: this great Babylon that I have built for the house of the kingdom, by the might of my power, and for the honor of my majesty." while the word was in the. king's mouth, there fell a voice from heaven, saying, "0 King Nebuchednezzar, to thee it i3 spoken, the kingdom is departed from thee." The same hour was the thing fulfilled upon . Nebuchednezzar, he was an outcast from among men, until the time had been fulfilled that .Daniel had predicted, and his reason returned unto him, and he blessed the Most High, and praised and honored him that liveth forever, whose domin-io- n is an everlasting dominion, and His kingdom from generation to generation. . reare earth the of inhabitants And all the to puted as nothing, and He doeth according his will in the army of heaven, and among the inhabitants of the earth, and none can stay His hand, or say unto Him, what doest thou? And those that walk in pride he is able ta abase. To me there seems a similarity in the position of King Nebuchednezzar.. and the people of ' this nation in which we live; they say, "Behold, we are fifty millions of people, and how can a withstand people so. few in numbers "expect to the pressure brought upon them?" Our answer to them is: The God of the Protmet . Daniel still lives, and He Is pur God, and we are His people; and if this nation does not repent and cease to fight against . His kingdom, baa decreed shall he established, upon which . l Ruth. ; In reading our Sabbath School lesson this morning, (the fourth Chapter of Daniel) I could not help being forcibly struck w ith the similarity of the position of King Nebuchadnezzar, and that of the people of this nation, of which we are a part. It seems that this same king had had many testimonies that . :ort-- holdeth the deplinipfl of all mon find all natians in His hands, who cieatcd the earth and all that dwelleth upon IF, and who setteth up kingdoms, and who pulleth them down, and Avho heareth even the ravens when they cry. VAugitsta Joyce Cbochehon. en er JThatlaaclnale Far from her own loved Italy, . At ...... caattoo'Uln'ttlii; Hsk wld'ning circles on its brcs6t,V Eren to the echoes wandered on, v Reached north and south, far east and weet, And welcome found In many a place j "Where they hare never known mj face. Not lack of lore around her drew . . Iler isolation and restraint, For e'en the meanest weeds may wear " ' Their gracft of blossoms fairtojriew, 80 too, the human heart may bear The lore, Impure or true. Oft like the oleander's bloom Of richest dye, or purest white, : the earth'" for the last .time, no ' mora to thrown d'.wu; they will find to llieir sorrow: and everlliri that .Tbos.th at w a I k o ;' r V.'' r r.y. j lj ibUi Yet ofku o'er Ibe silken rol9 Her feLlnJiij needle wrotiLt ipoo; ? Her fa.ee drooped lower, and the tours lit mate pity for the lot, Of U ud wtjirer, why ladwftii:: " T&pe, and a heart where lo ve was not. " . 'e ii lssociauuuui-uieuwu- uu m ...1 111- - ranged a party in honor of the birthday of She has been very Sister Lucy lieppler. in the young ladies in this energetic assisting place in temporal as jwell as spiritual thinpj. SiieJia34aught us many varieties of ornamental, fancy needle work, which has enabled us to get means in our Association, and also to adorn our homes w$h the work f our own hands. . Our President, Rozina Powell, with her. second Counselor, conducted Sister Hep-pie- r to the Relief Society House (which ha3 just been completed.) On entering the room ttVn tta 1 Vvtt V YTAnnn Iamiaci cinmnrY "Sweet hour of prayer." She wa3 then presented with a beautiful hair wreath made by the girls; each member making a flower of her own hair, as a token of love and esteem. Sister Heppler, in a few words, thanked the Asso- Clauou lur me prtinciiu auu ciiiuricu uuciu iv continue to be as united as they were at the present time; said that she could not express -- linn AIWA tnrra net UO IVVAAAJO iiriaTlA1 ffli9U.VVft eViA ' OlAW oVA o Dv AO TfTna wv QCi ITWU vfT0V the party. Brother of come .with the surprise , 1 n encouraging neppier spoKe tor a snort time? the young ladies to continue in well doing. ve tnenaii partooK 01 a gooa supper, iweniy-eigwere seated around the table; after Bup-p- er a few songn were sung. Everything passed off harmoniously. In the evening there was a conjoint sessson of the Y. M. and Y. L.T. As- annatinna TviaVinrr in fill fl.VPrvn1pfl9antt.imfi. TrvrXIXt t ' ' Glen wood, Sevier Co., April 9th, 1883. ... ' ht . JL , Thbgs which never could have made a man happy, develop a power to make him strong.. Strength and not happiness, or rather only Kof lianninitviKi tenirh rnm bv flf.renO'th. is the Anr! with that. t.PAt and on A rP Kiiman livinrr. standard the best order and beauty reappears. Phillips Brooh. the trutof God to whom all . Whenever 'sovereignty, majesty, and power belong and the commandment of men come in conflict, we must, say. as the apostle said, "We ought rather to obey God than man." And wnen this id done, it must not be called disobedience to superiors; but' it U ohedience to them; " . . - - because it is obedience to God, who is above them. Alexander Henderson, 1638. . 