deal out retribution in their own way, as did John D. Lee and his gang. But they were not R s., x. y,' m. i.1 a. and primary ' reports; walkiflg in obedience, and- were ""entirely" tokP I ox me xxui y Buxriiy-urwxey cyuxtx never iiave RicuriELD. committedvso cruel and cowardly an act tsk- Editor Exponent: incXdyantauDf. thwHine mnd opportunity to Report of; RrSrclmfeience,oilSevier Stake wreak vcngen.ee upon a small company: of emi- of Zion; held at Richfield, March 17th, 1883, grants, although tne latter were heard cursing a, ten aTm., Sister Elizabeth Bean presiding. and threatening as they went through thSinging. : PrayeKby A; K. Thurber. Singing. settlements, and boasting of what they had Minutes "and report of previous conference read done to the "Mormons" in Missouri, and what" and accepted. Sister Bean made a few openthey would do before they left the territory, ing remarks pertaining to our .religion -- etc. still they were not excusable, for they had been Seven branch Societies were reported as doing taught better from the beguiningTand that they well, being in a prosperous cond i t ion considerwould never be justified in taking up arms or ing their circumstances; Sister IV Thurber to shed blood, except in self defence, but were" spoke of her visit among relatiyes and of doing to Jeaye all things to flinvwho says, "Vengenoc her work m the lemple, of the heavenly spirit is mine, I will repay They" forgot this, just therein; bore a faithful testimony to the truth as the majority of the world do, and allowed thei r the Latter-da- y work. Sister Tyler, of Beaver, of wicked passions to get the upper hand of them, who is helping her husband in canvassing for and united with the wild' Indians, who, it is the. History of the "Mormon Battalion spoke; well known at that time,' were extreemly savage mentioned that this, st he 17th of March,-waand hostile towards the whites, and had already organizatiQn of the theniversary of the-fircaused a great ainount of trouble andj?xpense Relief SociejjJeffected by Joseph to tins people, who, it should be remembered, , - nrtax not allowed to" live anywhere else within. xiauvw, xii, ouu eiuu luut viw a ilioau provement jinifest.LBjotherl Thurber enotar country's domains, but among the mur derous and treacherous savages, and we are not couraged the societies, and said they were a great help to the Bishops and Presidents; said indebted for our own lives to any effort or we must give God the praise for our progress. Assistance rendered us by Uncle Sam. But . t i ii Conference adjourned to two p.m. Singing-.1 xnese inings are never taen into consideration - Prayer by Bishop J. Wright. by those who cry treason and harp upon the Afternoon session. Singing. Prayer by worn out tales of crimes which were never com-- : . rePresident Verbal F. Spencer. Singing. iuittea nor sanctioned Dy tne latter-da- y ttamts, ports of six more Societies were given. Sister Bean, President Spencer, Bishop nal damnation, and for such we know there is Wright and Sister Heywood encouraged and Jio redemption. At the same time our over righteous accusers would rejoice could tney the good thejrhad done; exhorted them to rebut get the power and opportunity to wipe us main faithful and improve in all things. Gave out of existence, and they are the ones who very good instruction and prayed the Lord to boast so loudly of their own spotless purity, of bles3 us all. Sister Bean announced that Contheir superior wisdom, and of their great and ference would be adjourned till June 15th. enlightened Christianity.- - But thank God that Choir sang, "ph! my Father, Thou that dwell-- " we are separated from such, and that we have est." Benediction Bro. Perkins. . . toy higher and more exalted aims than persecuting, (J. A . Hunt, becretary, : fighting and shedding the blood of our fellow-beingA. L. Bean, Assistant Secretary. because they will not believe nor be May 10th, 1883. : governed by the same religious views that wo are. and - that He has brought us "out from MAYDAY PARTY. among them, and helped us to colonize this desert Jand, and redeem it from its barrenness, Pine Valley, May 7th, 1883, '. making it to blossom as the rose, and that the honest in heart are being gathered here from Editor Exponent: every nation, kindred, tongue and people, as Tuesday being the first of May the members Jesus declared they should be, through the inof the Primary, Association met at the meeting strumental lity of His servants, who have been house with some of their parentsTalso the Bishobedient to Ii is command to go forth into the op and Counselors, and spent a few hours in world without purse or scrip eta, and that we singing and reciting. -- The Presidents. Mr can stand up boldly and proclaim to the wrorldT Burgess, her first Counselor and the committee our innocence, and that .we have kept ourselves made the affair a very pleasant one. The Presifreer from crime and corruption than have any dent called - upon Bishop F. W. Jones to other sect or society in the known world. W hy, make a few remarks, to , which he responded, eL we ask in of conscienfifi fihniiTrl rn heartily expressing himself as well pleased the priests and leaders of other denominations with the entertainment, and the be made answerable for all the lawlessness and Primary Association wa3 'a great benefit in the crimnal acts that are 1committed by church training and entertaining of the young. He members, and be brought before courts and imwas followed by his second Counselor, Wilprisoned for the same, as they have sought conliam Gardner, who spoke very encouragingly tinually to do by the authorities of the Church to the children. The party then partook of a of Latter-da- y Saints? This is something that bounteous repast and all tendered their few stop to reflect upon, and a question which felt thanks to those who had labored so assidu. mi? . A.n.,. T buiuA., - wuum u i.ue. wuiiug to answer; out ously to make the affair a pleasant one. Dancwe do not envv them, for when we are brought ing then commenced for the children, closing face to face in the presence of Zion's King, at seven o'clock. Bennilla E. Gaednek, tilAV 'will tllfm loom tn nnm J.' uwu ivj ui IXlllu uiaiLiay nidi, : : Secretary. r m jpersecuting us they have been warrinc against their Great and only Redeemer. t riir, . - .. - : . . 1 ... -- - s, . the-nam- also-fthoug- ht ; . -- ' . THE RIGHI. To be Continued. Woman as an Inventor, by Matilda Joslyn Gage, published in the North American Review, is a very ably written article. LIrs. Gage is one of. thd most powerful speakers and intelligent advocates of suffrage for women in the United Zueich, Oct. loth, 1882. A few hours': rest, a few s to the . - - good-bye- pleasant friends wo had met in Lucerne, and we descended from our eyrie at Pension Suter, ' "lingering and loth to depart." Wo had fbeeik waiting for the right tday for the l.Righi; Tilatus gave his asseni rather1 he had not given doubtfully, to be gure-boff" send for weeks. The ..any party a "good sun was shinm?,.the air deliciou5f.2d e made the most of his august permission made our last trip, on Lake Lucerne, - wondering anew atr its beauty. The Helvetia lands us at Vitznan. We ex amine our surroundings, with no little interest - as wo step on shore. We find the Righi to be - a group of-- mountains instead of a single one, though to thetravelerthe"name will generally; attach itself to the northern peak only. It was at first known as the "Righi Weid," or the pasture of the Righi. A little chapel of "Our Lady" ...was : erected here early in the seventeenth century for the use of the herdsman. After that it was frequented by pilgrims. In : our own times it has grown greatly in favor railwith tourists, and in 1873 the road to the Kulm was finished. The cars themselves are not very unlike our open city cars, except that each entrance is made more safe by a low door. The engine is always be low, the car, on either its up or down trip. We examined its construction of train and road and then committedourselyesto them without trepidation. We were slowly lifted upward. The lake gradually sank below us as we wound our singular way toward the clouds. The higher we went the broader our view. One mountain after another came in sight. The dark old Burgenstock was the first to from the opposite make it appearance,-risin- g bank; After that the Stauserhorn and Pilatus We cast many a parting look at Lucerne, awiy in the distance, as we took this upward journey . The Alps of Uri soon drew our attention. 12oSlohrS ajoA the,: Jip.rneae . Oberland showed us their glory as we went on. Then the clouds wrapped themselves around U3, lest we were unable to endure so much at once. When we reached the highest station the fog was so dense we were unable to see ten feet bee below, the yond us. Only a views had been perfect. We knew the sun was shining on the friends we had left in Lucerne. Here on this mountain top we were cold and dampisolated from the world, it would seem. We were not in the least disheartened. We had watched this same mountain too often to lose faith; in it so soon. More than once we hadseen it put on a silver cap for afternoon wear and afterward stand uncovered at the ' setting of the sun. We let the train go down without us, and groped around in- the mist, and found on this mountain peak friends whom we had not seen in many monthsr'We would be forearmed for any possible change in the ; weather, so ordered an early, simple meal. Delicious tea and juicy, tender chops were served us here in the clou ds as daintily as we desired. The ascent had been made in less time than we had expected and had not been as impressive as that of Mt. Washington, which we had accomplished some years before. We have been told this railway has the steeper grade. We doubt it, but we have no data by us to verify our impression. We have here no such sterile regions to pass over as we find in the White Mountains. The softer features of this landscape may take from the apparent height of the different reaches of the grade. At all events we are not so overawed as we were m climbing our own , Many of those who came up when we did, went back disheartened; our own faith had its full reward;As the hour neared for the going down of the sun we gathered our wraps about us,arid walked up through the damp, impenetrable mists to the summit, .only a short climb above U3. It seemed a forlorn hope that stimulated us to make the effort, but , the light did appear to : be stronger. How anxiously we counted the minutes. Every few seconcU.one or the other would eay, "The clouds aro break- ut : . - " . ; . cog-whe- el . : short-distanc- . . - " ' 5 giant.J?l 