.... - . ' V Th0'Eight8 ;of the Womea of Zion, and SALT LAKE JOYFUL JUNE. . . " ftlp'Iing streams and murmuring trees, . , Weird and mystic harmonie?, J Sights and sounds, that well mlsht easeV ' Or "curd much fancied woe. Like an Inspirational Toiee -Natnref bids us allTPjoicc,' rree to anVher blessinzs choice, , As is tbefsurishine's glow. l. : ' " - - Nature's generous "gifts are strewVi; wc mar her happiest mood, ' 1 ' And turn rom joy awaytf What tho tieity griefs and ckreTii the lot of all tobeu ;:h ; i I It meet to woo despair a summer's ;IJpoa dayJ;ii;;: ; Khali - -' -.:ft -- .v . . -- . . r'-.'-v- ?er.-mo- "... as.weltsvexaonot read. - f All the quivering hearts that bleed, Tenderest jbouIs would sink indeed, f'Ti6 --- . . O'efwbelmed by others woe; -- 'TIs as well wo cannot see y AU'eiisting misery, V Otherwise, nor you, nor me, Would rest 'or comfort know.- :Yli:'V,i f.i rr.r -- 'i ' ' 5 . ' - , . i" " t' " Stilly within the narrowest sphere .rSome there are, both". true And near, 1 i . beshe;:.; ''WJ:y7Some, whose direful need demands. . . - , , Loving word and helpful hands Happy he, who ixn'derstands . riage, in: which a dozen could;easilvlrTdel:and Vil ate You ng the 'President's daughter being among thenumber, we would often call and : bentVrr'r take in John Kay. aud drive; for; an hour or more around; tho" !6au3IockV;fox, the sake of " . to-da- 'ztzz. To lift the drooping head. , ' !,':""! ..!!: " ;' : ' Sympathy f thy heaVen bom might; Lines the gloomiest clouds with lihtT, ' r-Turning oft to paths of rlht f r rl Hi sorrow Z$ovX9-b- f rt Fate doth hold ui 60 la thrall cr f strange; Eome faint and fall? ,Well it is, the Judga of all f . . J ' j , Looks at the heart's Intent c -- SCENES FKUM Ji, v, r - J " y: A mUV KIMBALL 8 T IliyENTS JOURNAL, I i 4 i r "JJT JIMKN MAJi WJIITNKV.-- - , ! I Wherefore sing so sad a strain? L nardest lessons learnt, is gain; : -, e 1 "r" wt rrrrt iyrtr Salt Lake City, Jans 5tb, 1555. tnn t (Thfc Women li'J'f- - Ti? LJfo is jortagd Wlef jts paint: f : , - j Jlest will come, full soon ; i x : f J Fairest chances fly a vr ijt , Why not use them while we may? Tho' we cannot bid thee stay ? TYiYXfGk ;V.rIri:the words' of Sister " ? 6 ; JBathsheHa-Sm- i th, in WlormohdomJhe: Fall of : rI84o'found'!Nau voa as it were, one vast mechan- ic shop as nearly every family making wagons," and all seemed cheerl)il while nreparing ior the general movejo' the Rocky Mountains: , There were many intelligent ami active yourigmeri who chose to be adopted b dierent families of. the Apostles, arid Patri-srch"Among the ons ftdopfed to my father x , - ' , i : : n-da- z, in-Jt- I C and they were continualfy cpinmittindepre.: datiori updn'th SainfnhytJUrstS-the ' ; city," and :in small settlements. My father mentions the house of a Brother" Rico being burnt, on the:l2thand eays "thirty men were engaged in1 it." "On the; night of the 15th, Brother Edmund - Durphy was hot by a mob, at Lima, arid Was brought in to oil r city on Su tho' 16th.' ;' .v: .jr;B.-- l Backenstos caaa in and gave " tii tho" particu la re cf tho death cf Brother Durphy? On P ; ; ' 1 keeping him .with iis, and each time would drive closely to the President's gatei to satisfy him : that all was .right. .The " young people " were incapable of feeling the weight . which rested upon: our fathers and mothers.. ' : "November 12th. Last evening .1 drearnsd ot seeing a large quantity of Honey beesthey werepeaoably inclined." '. Thus wrote my father, who was what miht be .tefnieca dreamer,, and of them h$ makes frequent menT-- z tion in his j6urrial His new brick house (it seems) was finished that day, as he wrote, "Brother Nichols and' Brown canieto paint my house made a fiuishof tlieiameijwliicli.. makes a completion inVide arid oiit. and for which feel thankful, to my Heavenly Father" As soori'as thehouse - was finLKediny. brothei; , with. his. .wife and chil,(m6vedVin with iis so that bin place could be disposed ofv Thespirit - of roobocracy reigned throughout tho country, fJ ; , ;zjlay. Indeed , J ? - - ;:'Some, with whom a heartfelt tear.;; . .entec--taining---Eg- an -- r through.'' T?he souW wiof.priripuio was turned into aorklibp; and r.njghts ,was d by the brethren, ;who .stood' guard there -through the' winter; The pleasure of haying JohriiCay and Howard Egari'come (who were stationed, there at Brigham Young's through a portion of thQ inter)w bythe youfig - "$etivel'f and ;tn.lintercistiDgyara9 and the singing by:, John Kay it anecdotes, useless fbrus ;.to;tix'to describe' put, Wfigli'Jie. suflice it to say,.Iug.yoice(a;i)ant6rie)' was most magnificent, and 'hisBongs , andftb .style in which he sang'them surpassed'anything that .we Z are accuitorned to hearing nowadays; and many kn evening; we .were tlius entertained' as 7we circled around the ?wge side and;thliburs ffewv by ,P"iswiftly that 'rn.ght-v'aspAeo-there &fore"we: kfaew it. During ihe sumirief previous John Kay' had been in the practice of standing guard the forepart of the night at the house , of Presideri tTourig, 'arid- - often at evening when the moon shone brightly,. William jvould hitch; the horses to our larcre car occi-pie- , - ?: ; -- Not to mortals li it glvfcn t. To assume tha tasks of heaven," I One I the Saviour even . All humaa sorrow bore; v Tet,'God'8 ownbegotten Sou . Tho'(lie scorned the cross, to'shun J:iVhUa He cried Tby will be doce"r -Sweat bitterest drops, of gore. . . trans-JatingaiQok- K ! J , T je n-. practised by; His children ; and when we gee now far. short we come of living that which was taught on the Mountiow far we wander from the paths there marked out) well may the Jieart grow faints and: feel that our efforts are vain if that high standard must be attained ere we, can r gain; His presence. But He has walked, ' the "tony paths of life, has felt the weakness l and pains of mortality, and :Ha is merciful. : v ; :: ;;.'' :. . Christ is , oun great shepherd, but He has many-undehim, for He has many lambs to and feed, many to; gather: into the fold and 'to shield from" tha: wolves" that are thirstin g for tneir blood; there !is 'work, "for all" who! have i taken the nanie ;of Christ1, theref, are I hungry . and thirsty souls to care for; to fee'd with, the food that- perishetH iand withthe breadbf eternal life; there are sore and: bleeding hearfe arid weak and weary ones to U be comforted,: bo helped ' along in Tthe journey Jof life; the command to Peter has. be en given atgain to the servants of .God. "Feed my lambs." , '' , pel. So we were well provided with mechanics and ten,t'iM.ker8.'. Father wrote the fallowing: "While workipg in JTempIeBrother Hans . ChristiariIIarison Dane) is bur door keeper "and fireman his brother, Peter Olson, is ; 7 " Fors-gree- fiia mild: Hmt fimircomniand,.4,Feedrniy lambsi: i And who- - has ii'ot? pictured td themselves most vividly ;the Sceno of Christ's oh c the Mount, that sermon that contains dessons that in all the years allotted to man on earth is still unlearne'drnot comprehended, hot . . e " j J lPitylall, whose griefs.toogreat- AH, SO Dowtid l;y buitvw'b weight : ' " All, toosadly desolate "T"jTi join jn hat'sgleef;;; ' ' NVuo1 cannot sfrpl f Creation's shout,-"WTicannot h nst Wwf II as Joabt,; 'That ilei who calls such beauty out To cheer us, hears our plea. t ? who--caui- . L . No; 2. . - , 7 er?piend7cartcrj,' HoBe4":Oishiflg ; 8t ' and' William King, who; with Brother George r Wallace, had been employed to do the carpen-- : ter work on ou r hou3cv They were, all tnree iroin Boston. ; There wero three sailors, natiye! ' of into our iamily; they jDenniark, .were the first that t we had eyer seen from that larid , arid were something of a curiosity.. ; Hans " C. Harisbh, Peter 0. Hanson, and John n were their names all but the latter and William King have remained, trueto the Gos- As a testimoav of the love of Peter for Jesus He required him to feed Hi3 lambs, to Jeer! them with the bread of life, to lead them in pleasant place3 and to fountains of living "water J, whose 6prings should never fail: It is pleasanF to read the life of Jesus, our Great Shepherd, to partake of the sweet spirit which accompanies it; brief: as is 'the record, we' have to picture in our .minds the varied scenes through nwhick' this passed from his manger cradle to his ascension to V the Father, and sometimes Ihey feel so real and so near that we .seem! to be Dassinfir-- thron-yhii- i :hma7'd TisiF scarce V believe that, al most ftw-- Hhhhnsjin years h ave passed away since those scenes . were enacted that tell of. the birth, the death, the resurrectinni and that : also tell 01 the second coming of the: Savior of our earth, its :! And those who loved King arid Law-give- r. and followed him through those brief years of his earthly sojournj how near they seem to us at times.-.- , We can see the look of pain upbn Peter'giikce nwhen 'Jesus; nItho t.hirrl timp asked ; hnn, :"Lvest thouraeahd-riearHh- e almost impatient: or grieved answer, -- Yea, JLnrd, thou: kxxo,vsr act. that lilovo-tLooia- J Jmxw -- all HationsV, CITYUTAfi, JUNEn57n883 TEEIOOLAMSS, Gone, the "chilly wintry blast; . ' Uone, the lxonra so over cist: SuDulcr days have dawn'd at last Lonaj'd for, Iook'd for booh. ;r7l-ovi!!iskies Tby mortal' 6oen :Xr: I'Flo wers and fruits and graswa green Grc e t iby comin g, bea u teon s j ucoil. ; . Of summer, jOyfulJune J ; , tffiRlitajjf 4he pToaen - y, 