TheRigbts of the Vol.- 11. - Women of Zion, and the; Eights of tlie Women of aU Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 15, 1883. ADDRESSED ft. II. Sxinv Smith: .'.'" .In A quiet ot 'neath a tedar trie, Is a little "ravc Atry djar to ine; A ..darling;' my baby, lies buried there, Safe from temptation, and free from care. la his birthday and your?, dcafncmTr And tendcrest greeting to you I send; ; A swectj Eacrcdjicjt feemeth to be, That grave, this birthday, 'tween you and n:e. In his life's early dawn he passed away, Your llfebas been one Iong'bu.y-4a-y-- rWhy, wherefore, no mortal tongue can tell;: (lod willed It so,- lie doth all things well. Le Lath, chastened rnv grief for the absent one In submission I say, Thy will be done. Dear friend upon this day, . This milestone on thy way ".' I've stopped awhile, Amidst work and can', ljmtJbislorjto read. Its pages fair Abound in noblo deeds, From morn, through noon, still bisy sowing seeds Of good, which will, and do bring forth A harvest rich of love and faith. Me thinks I hear recording angels say:. An other yearrof poMc worlc " To.Mi ..... Its little form, in purity, And glorious immortality, not-base- . I pre-existen- to-da- , Could I but near yoir stand, . i'co your face, clasp your hand, r And say: 'God bless her, bless this, her birthday, . . 'And may it bring her happiness alway:" - My lieart would thrill with joy. 1 God grant wc meet where bliss hath no alloy. A crown awaits you there, angels will siog - Their sweetest e6hg for glad welcoming; For many sonls can now more hopeful bo Of heaven, for your faithful ministry. ' And I, in daily life : As woman, mother, wife) t Will set my standard high, as you have dene, And nobly, truly work ,1111 victory's won You. have not lived in vain, 7 Your life hath given joy, and lessened sin and pain. Your light doth shino brightly afar, star Leading to Jesus, as did-lh- e Of Bethlehem. Faithful work, and noble aim! All womankind may love and bless your name. -- - ' j-o- - -- Accept this tribute of respect and love; Wc may not meet on earth, we'll meet above, That little grave shall as an altar be For prayer, and incense to your memory. When llowcrs bloom thereon, their fragrant breath Will tell of joy and heaven after death;-Thawinter's cold, like worldly strife, Is but the preface of a brighjerlifc. - And when the year goes round and brings this day, Beside ihat grave I'll think of you alway : "x ., Emily Scott. . " "' -- t - j Ohio, Jan. 21, 1853. . - , . ; ANSWERED. I)eah Mrs. Emijlt Scott: " That grave where'er that grave may be, Which forms a link Hwixt you and me, Will burst asunder and resign , Its trust. " - : : -'- Whoso arras will then entwine The precious darling baby who dear to you? JIas been, andiso All things above and all below, Am bound by law; it being so, A law of God requires of you An act performed a work to dor .By which, for true affections aim, Yon may secure a legal claim, That you may clasp that baby dear, And into perfect stature rear -- ; THE CULTIVATION OF MIND. ' The thought that our actions here will cither enhance or retard our happiness in the next world should be ever present with us. As we' progress in any branch of, learning; our precptionsare quickened or cultivated in regard to it, as for instance in music; any trivial mistake that would pass unnoticed by others would excite our notice and offend the ear, so with our moral preceptionsl Quarreling and bloodshed, which . seemingly delight some gross natures, would make exceedingly : unhappy more feeling and sensitive beings. Virtuous . actions are not always reward ed in this life, as may be seen by reading the lives of Phocion and Socrates; such lives serve to remind base, despicable persons of their own shortcomings, and appeal too strongly to their better feelings, but instead of standing as guides to a better life, often rekindle envy, and jealousy and the desire to pull down every thing to their own mean standard, and these are only two noble lives among the many which have been taken or made miserable , narrow throughconstantly- - walking in the ; path. Because the higher qualities often prove disadvantageous in this world, probably most affecting the amassing of riches, it is no reason why- - they will not, with knowledge, - lead - to eternal bliss in the next, and as we are there we , have sdre to meet sooner or laterr-thos- e. benefited or wronged here, it is easy to perceive that our heaven there will be in accordance done here. with Wbat happiness would we have in this life without friends, and how i3 the tie of friend . " : our-deed- s :"- -. tivation of the mind certainly takes the first place, as through it3 enlightenment we are .prepared to receive or reject baptUm-- : and other doctrines and it is also certainly that which prompts us to pure or vicious actions. It can be cultivated in any direction. Prejudice is a "noxious weed" which should not, be allowed: to grow, a3 it often overrules, our reason in the .lace of facts; this is- - often : the casein-relatioto the Book of. Mormon," for though no fault can be found with its contents, many are prejudiced toomuch ' to it even read it. against The following "from the Millennial Star I have, often read with pleasure. "The Mind. The Almighty, gives mind, man can only give example and education." The natural minds in men are like the natural fields in agriculture. There is every degree of fertility, J)ut they will all grow noxious weeds . : " - From all the instructions given ms ' to it lad4 His of more Intrinsic wealth than golden or ' Comprising more true, real worth Than alLtheprecious things of earth "Which perish with their use His more " Of value than all worldly lore. Thanks for the kindly feelings you express: My heart reciprocates with friendliness. Methinks I Eec you sitting by that grave, Absorted in thought as deep as ocean's wave. While there alone enrapt'd in reverie, Iiow strange that you, a stranger, thought of me! Yet, if the curtains of the past were drawn, And we our , gazed 'upon, Perhaps life's contest fully might explain now are friendsT5gfiin.7 pWeoneewere-friends,an- d Important movements have head quarters where The greater gifts and privileges are. Ilere are the Tern pies, of the living God From here His mighty work goes forth" abroad. Then leave that grave: angcl& will .guard its leep "While you secure the right that bal-- to keep: Prepare Hicath holy Temple roofs to tread, And labor for the living, and the dead. Changes rush on unique events appear Wo may clasp hands, and bless each other here. E. B. Snow Smith. Salt Lake City, Feb. 1SS3. ; ' " to our preparing; for the next world, relating the cul- See - t no friendship. tt.-tif- To-da- ! ship made but by kindred feeling3 based on confidence, and as that could not exist between conniving unscrupulous parties there could be Stern doath will sever every tic That Is' above the sky. Dear kdy, Inow y God has' revealed a iaw whereby The dearest of all earthly ties, We may securely legalize; , To have to hold to forever", enjoy Beyond the power of death to sever. 4 No. 20. - n - ""' 'nriTpgnlf'ngjfnnd pared for." Ann Fellows. NAUVOO AFTER THE MARTYRDOM OF THE PROPHET AND PATRIARCH. SCENES - IN . BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY When Horace returned to Nauvoo he found that a year or more had wrought great changes, not only by the death of Joseph and Hyrum, -but other dear friends had passed away-nubers were, married and others had grown up till he could hardly recognize them, and 7 among the mosiJioticeableM-niygel.fhic- h fact his looks and words expressed the first morning after his return, as he called to give us, among otherold neigh of the hand. I was not yet sixteen, .and though the feeling between us then could not rationally be colled love, it wa3 something akin to it, admiration which only needed time and acquaintance to mature. I was considerably tincturedwith romance ..and enter-taine- d the bright hope that I had already my most bitter portion of the realities of life. His mother ,ind aister were pleased with the idea of our union, and the latter had early expressed herself to that effect.. N"ot very long after this Sarah and I accompanied him and my brother William across the prairie to" Carthage, to sec the jail here Joseph and 11 yTurrrhart been murdered. William and I had often passed through that little town on the way to Ramus, to visit at the brothers Perkins; but never before under peculiar-se- nlike circumstances-or-with-su- ch sations. The wife of the jailor very kindly showed us up stairs. The walls of the room had been, whitewashed and the floor had been scoured many times, but the stains of .blood -- were-still uite-visible, and wc saw a number of bullet ' holes in the door. We looked into the: cell, into whichl Willard Richards had dragged Elder John Taylor after he was' wounded and covered him upt hoping that be overlooked and his life spared to tell the tale; not - expecting that he himself would ; ' ever escape alive, bursj-a'frien- d ly-sha- ke ; -q- -- " he-wou- ld 