WOMAN ' S EX PON EN T . Si : NoptneiHi has unserved to us the t of his ffcatme?, ujraveatone the in:lcr were tired. life dtFcive to bs perpetuated. :.ii-- Sd we sttt in serc-h!fn- :e rr.aika hia. uvrrrciu Tho next luoriihi ' Bali.: accompanied the Thorhuike, und Z visit the largo College; we eijoy id j ; vt ry indeed; their Wrove out to Old KadleOuvh . trthoTprogramn attd flsr "rjiasedlicy L ever had taken, - alang-rthe-Connectic- n . . j, i i , the ttrr ',V;'4te enory nil J lie I s4mv ' s r " ' V:trfS;IvJ'.? '. ' . ihoniS'.' funeral pon our u;ir h-a- r:l!I.liiil' oiirvJ'nj.UZl rt, auncath WV-tr-THT---- .:. ihh -- ' ; "i -- laurel hill, tkxn. ... -- , m onr U p1;-- p . r ,r nilitv crushing: weight; joy ;oiiietlrm t'vcrv hk'ht'th.cro is ..a- ot'" Yes ii t- as ul' otfltanTTii 'M',j!iii.--v til i i i. ; 1 , h d more-ration- ! 1 1 al, 1 1 i r ' 1 dieayen arutmd -- with itseliexubinnd era- Hamaritair' fain would I .lihi''n; :I".uir "the oil and wine" of sympathy into thy bleeding heart and I feel "the peace of' God"", will surely descend upon you, and behind this cloud will realize His smile of love heavy you and peace. Ever thy friend, ' u.s n "good - H. T. Kiso. Jl 1:iitoi: cenotaph- - it I , i , Exro.M'.vr: . Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, forward Hie enclosed with a report jre request Jhat you .will favor us with a publication tiie same in your valuable paper. ." A special meeting was "called' by the president or the society and an invitation extended toalftiie adult brethren and sisters' e AucKland Lranch. The meeting convened at the residence Q Sister Miles; on the evening of ArtG "n and Prayer, and " - of-th- w; the Woman-'.- s . i(Jfsu.ant tn a resolution adopted by tho Relief .Society of the Auckland Branch of the . amply respooded to her demand'. S., Y. L.. M. I. A. AXD WtlMARY KEPOJITS. ; f pent in o ves e'-n- . ; i and upon he waters' ot our liethesim. and ana rc ari.se h4wHi regenerated. .. we aain-Ht- ntt - siiaEe ofcthi-iiieiilr1in the .;. r " refre?liedv--Shawe ll ike a giant race of lift-wish we never -t- 'vrTbTvTiTrtmTWe liupe not; vre" haTe'pal-ie'ij vjjiin vJiunuui Iwing aain; at--1 he f aniace"T; u th ro uli ..o HovereAJcruci bl-t"T;: .vcenicl:i-lieatieus :;soverr: times hotter1 " but as tune "paces'." we find we have come out purified if calcined we secin to liave lievr t h o til Lv3i':iw J i i'ty t:h mu the poetic ""LcnT, we are calmer,' :1 s i n in 'i ? weet v th ru ugh our ei n z; and we' cord" and the golden rrnlize ihatr,rnie"l-iiye; bo wl" 'still holds the precious; gems of our soul, which sorrow has only purified and reset in a mould mote becoming our present, improved, view of life and h brcause more enlarged -- o b vial nggernaut-iia- s ..ri ;,..6v o,;tiv passed. over usbut he votary t ill lives! we return to thejlreaiu of our youth, and it preserve.s us aa z a tll"i1Ur.omal r ; - 1:; " ed -. i;-a,- ojhj ' o ttaw by- -' it Jbrnw an epoch u a-'i- 'i singing, danciog, waltzlog and in canversation. --After it wai over I went home with the family be t 1 . futilities fy-nncH in-- husiaTIciT-.hiVin- I in' ': -- iii o u r. i Ivors , w .yjne-.i'.rC'V.01'.- 1 -r-tf- !.;; Iir.li! jit iV.'ri1 H il 1, i:r lor action, urn- - r' ' -- u-i- w!i:: iliado TvW'o J" Hinw .... it....' .1,i t. i' t- s::n l ltp, ..'l:'.' " - -- : too, right handsome . and -- noble Jookins man. It was ft oh! horce of way was grand. Visited the historical addrcs?, and was received witu great thaniel l)ickinsonf the,.origiual kfttlement ofenthusiasm. He gave an expended account of the old grave- 223 ytara ago, We went through alfcf the name as dependents, claiming so old that it wa? jiaiage, yard. Bom of the stones were whether epeMn-- r It l).cinon Dickenson, thaUin-Eearchi- ng impos3ibiernneii'"Jnaerjptin3.:. Dickeraon cr D;ckar.JIalstalei We tcok dinner on the top of Mt. HoTvoke,.and for the ancestry, he had heard stories ' the Yiew. there was b?yc?iddeicription; ": He t enough to make a Dickinson cyclopia. fie 7 Th e whole valley lay before un.w ith i s, their faces discovered amoi course g of "I said, never, nover woods and cities. I Out of the traditional and Jord lady." my "my i v.ta four d itlerc-I have f0rge t- -i L We ecu d e3 .'u.rioi inrfi disstates, and with the telescope coulJ tee p enable you to tinguish Iioufc?, churches, etc. The only regret fketeh for ycurselvtathe cutiintB cf cur family I had was that wo could not h've lxni-- tolsy tree. Ve may congratulate ourselves that we many more .there. On that day we met ever bnvo noble bJypd in our vein?; not merfJy the nice people, and had n delightful time. blood of Piantaganfcta wh ich has doubtlt89 beWe expect tohvo an interesting" time here come rather thin by this time, but tho blood of going oyer air the places, cf which we hsve: : .; a sturdy line of he nest men and women." ardjDjIItfl lie spoke" eloquently of a fewcf the diatin- .hood's heme, etc. r 7ulsJbtLileadrnd glo win g ly of th e future. HisexLovingly, speech was happily Interspersed with poetry Twnica maue nauwjir preesive ' .1 i lt4 more inter eating The nex t - was a poem by Elizabeth Dickinson uurrier, or Worcester, reaa LfcTT fhom by the orator of the Uy, followed by a humorous easay ly Eiward B. Dickinson, cf New Aug. -- 14 th rl sSir- " York City; then a pcem by Dr. Gideon DickinEditor Wcman's-Exponkn- t: son, of Milford. They were all very good and I Allow me spaca in your nsat enjoy d the speeches very much. They had thank some kind person for eaudin g m homo what wag called "a roll of honor," hanging on the - wall, containing all the names of the Djckir eon "copies of papers froln Silt LkeTijey were old copies, but were gladly received atldinghly UU1"J of There waa alao a chart showing the branches appreciated by all that have read thejii, excfj)t If m that their minds have become so contracted After the clo;e of the meeting the that they will not expmd for anything but the members adjourned to the dining hall; Mr. ,M. E. C. Y. I have seea a great deal of Mormn-isI'Jympton and his wife, cf Doaton, took me with lately, and will have to 'knowledge that It them. h quiteh diSerent doctrine to what I.exprcted. After dinner we were all seated in front of the J acob F, Miller and Brlgham A. Holbrcok, of k&ll for the purpose of having n p;cture taken.: Bountiful, Utah, have been stopping with me There were a number .of spoeche by difTerent often; I find them perfect gentlemen representative of the family, All very good; sense of the word, and my door Ja ever iaevery "cpgn for then the President read a telegram from some or them other any Btrangers from Utah, preach, member of the family in Colorado; next came a era-othat not, cjme and conduct thcmselvei as letter from father, which waa preceded i y a very "Elders Miller and Holbrook.. If God would hear neat speech from the President; he alluded tohis me I would say, God bless all such people and tho visit to Bait Liike four yews ago, and of his vibit-in- g Mormon cause If.it is as they places of interest, and being introduced toV preach it and all condemn such creeps isms and as Ihaveteen who aid he f interested him very much. father, . to raised telieve in. He said when he w;s introduced to father he iay you make the Exponent one cf the leit told him hia grandmother'u name was Experience ,. papers in the world, that it may help woman Dickinson, and then they had an extended conto have her full rights with man.. versation about families, Dickinson and Wells. I subscribe myself a friend, He spoke very highly of father indeed, and then L Dr. W. E. SYPQBT. begged leave to read the letter;, every body seemed delighted with it. 7 After the close of the meeting I went up on to DIED. the platform and the Preeldent came forward and introduced me to those who bad taken Died at South Cottonwood, on the part 10th of August j in the exercises, and a great many more Dlckin-- . sons. I went home with the President and hli .andAnnloM. Thompson, nged one year and eleven sister and sister-in-lait was a lovely drive through pastures and grand old trees; we passed the Agricultural College and grounds, they are -jLETTEIWI: ubt beautiful.VThe old farm houee is a grand old place. Some of the big elm trees had been 10 3;riNTrf-tiiiEx- ir planted by their great, great erandfithor. ThVv '.all welcomed me so warmlj . had heard J You have .father's letter read before tho.They mourned, you have 'shed tbn 5r meeting. cred the tears, There was a reception in the only true "Jrolv wa evening, which have given .nature her duo- ; was very enjoyable. The was -- vi-io- aiiiitoin3the VtA .u.-'V- Mating plaeeVi the ouly burying ground at Hadley." The next speech xi'asJtpmJhojDi&toi-otXhe- "let il the - ' rest iu IwititllJcl now fadvvli't .;r.4uually Jade into fecd.s on vitality, sorrow ilont veiuAvheiv pure spiiitn hd vchflitMuutvi nlL smgjhe tfT!?1:6 :vumof o Spencer'r Letters" was presented m h ather Rogers behalf of the society, lcau iresiaenc mley, m wh.h was set forth-a- uj expression 8''-luand society, apprea ,on oHlie many acts of kindness their' and hotah y extended by him to the "missionUr lhycd presint Sister -. 1 liam; ?ndf?miIr' during the absence of her from his home, mtch of wMch wirhnn 1 s " chair,. nrLi. u e . 