WOM A N'S. E X FONE N T . 30 Ly-Mrs- . Bev. BkaL'JLKY ';y:; - - Taylor. wife,- - who Abuott and Pi-esiden- t; Aod may the ones that hire rcaiah, Though cruel fate ehoold bid us part Still la our memory to retain recently, brought ales ter cf intuduttic vto tile Editor cf the Exto visitfd Salt Lake Cty xf.st g Idea from 'in i4rfrrdTthT'fomti gentleman acQuaint-incLondcii- l- Ir awtTfrgtITSl)boIt & wfraz:ltarfTi!ceJ ina JoJeat3)Hi-- r falr"and """logical insnner than the clergy generally are. They are people of broad and philanthropic views snd exceedtravingly Interesting in conversation, having eled veiy extensively in the holy land and on the continent of Europe, and met w ith people of all nations. Mr. Abbott has a large parish in London, and is a man of great influence with the clergy, and very popular among his parishioners. His Wife too iB closeJy associated with him in all hlj clerical and fcecevohnt labois, and flndVa wide field of ueelulntS3 for womanly effort. Mr. and Mm. Abbott are both advecates for. Woman Sufhage and realize the great good g accomplished iu England by the euflrage V movement. .' j. uuiiii 10 can uase of-th- e Jfcck-andarftal- d TempjdJTabernacle are dt crritij JTlsoolhiT" puwic JDulJd,ng8 ana ediflceB, and the commercial and uiaax&cturibg interests are wll explained. School?, Churches and newspapers are well lepresented in thlVneat and ccmplete little hand book, and the author escms not to have neglected anything cf importance.. Dita, historical and interesting, is furnifehed, ami it will certainly be 'of great benefit to tourleta and pleasure seekers who stop off to visit Salt Lake Price 7 ts er copy. Resolutions of respect to the memory of Ann Shipley, who departed this life June 16tb, ISS'J. an alwiso Providence has called from us by Whereas, " the hand of death oar beloved Elster, liesolved, that we recogntzo in tho death of our sister, auu oun'iBj, vuo iuap ui uu uuic, ciucJicni, ana wortny teacher in the Relief Society of South Weber. Resolved, that we esteem her past faithful labors and devotion to duty as worthy UrlkicslilivRhd Wghesr respect of ua alt. , Resolved, that we condolo xind deeply sympathize with the bereaved family and friends, in tholoss of a kind wife, aflectionato mother and a good and respected , T?fic1 vail - 4 "-- """"i W-- IkAKA Wjf 1 "wdo icomunons Le EDreaa udoh nnr records, arid that a copy of the same be furnlshsd the bereaved family, also the Womix's Exponent for Yours, reppectfully, Jeakette Cook, President. UkZX M. Firth, Secretary , "' . 1SC9. ' ' . , UZSVT.CT.. Whereas, God in hi'?, alwiso rrovidence Ms ecen -proper to call from our midst to a higher Bphcro two of our members, who wero greatly beloved by us Ilfor their gentle spirits, their diligence in the Society and the respect we have for their parents, Therefore, be It resolved, that we, the members of the Primary Association, do deeply mourn tile Joss of oar - brother and sister, and we deeply mourn with their parents. May tbey rest in peace till the resurrection morn. these f And belt resolved, that jrjjs(ml-ipy- 4f ro9o!utions toleliTprents and publish the same in a copy on record. g, . - pub-Jlcatlo- n. JUAB STAKE V. L. M. I. A. F.LIZABKTn EDM0NH3, ; On the 23rd of June, at ten a.m., the Young Ladies Association of Juab Stake organiza- Committee. R ! S., reasurer. lively interest in theiEmeetixig8 aiHt in uoing what they could byway of relieving the wants of the poor and comforting the sick, and doing what they could, to forward the interests of the Kingdom of God. Our President takeTalfaetive part in all our meetings, and 7 leads out 111 every .thing that we have to do, and to show our appreciation of- - her 'many virtues as an energetic and lively worker, and the kindly feeling the sisters entertain - towards her, we surprised her with a J; cashmeredrcss pattern and trimmings com- plete. This was at our second annual meet-m-" May 21th,183:j. We all enjoyed thi. meeting, and will long remember the good spirit that Vvas manifested We hold our meetings by all who spoke. two weeks. every Ever desiring etc., .Christina HecStead, Secretary. VL Or RKEOLVTI0Ji3 ; l Isters have taken u - Also af the same placo and time, Juue 13th", of pneurn monia, Joseph Alfred, son of John L. and Regina Nets,-boAugu &t 24tb, 1ST t, in Salt Lake City. ' vawson, r Jl Tenth Ward, Salt Late City, June 13th 1SS3, of pnuemonia, Laura ilaria, daughter of John L. and Regina Ness, born in Salt Lake City, September -- 1st,. '" tion met in conference in the Nephi meeting house, President M. E. Teasdale presiding. After the opening exercises the reports of Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY - REPORTS. r CLOVKP. CREEK, TOOELE CO. and miiowingherlTvvtli The Youn On June 22ncL a special meetinonvasTallet for the purpose of organizing a Relief Society in thU ward, Mrs. M. A Hunter We were favored on that occasion with the company of Sister Presendia Kimball .and Helen Mar Whitney, of Salt Lake. There was also present, of the Stake officers, Sister Mary A. Hunter, Emily Warburton and M. A. House. The following, local officers j)re-sidin- of the association. were-"select-ed . . JUAB R. g.; At T-- Bishop St. Joer spoke kindly and encouragingly, and assured 113 that we could count cn him at any and all times, as a staunch and true friend to the ladies. As the ladies from abroad were a little crowded for time, and wished to reach their homes that evening, our, meeting was of necessity brief; general good feeling prevailing. B.A.Busii, .;' Secretary. . Jour . ' - improvement 2 Ladies paper, wa3 read and highly the approved by speakers; The time was "nearly all taken up . according to the programme, by the members of the association, in recitations, songs and short speeches; after which Brother Charles Sperry, President Paxman's counselor, spoke encouragingly to the young ladies. Bishop Warner, Udall and Haws and several other brethren were present. Much good counsel and instruction was given, both by the and sisters, and a good spirit prevailed. Singing. . Benediction. Jennie Evai, Secretary. g. and put in office by the unanimous vote of the people, viz: President, vSister Jemima E. Stookey; Counselors, Sisters America Johnson - and Mary "Emina Davis; Secretary Mrs. Barbara- - A. -- Bush; Assistant Secretary, Miss Lena Guhl; Treasurer, Mrs. Mary A. Guhl. The ladies from the city addressed us in the Jiindesi possible manner; giving advice and counsel, that would be well for us all to remember. They ako expressed themselves gratified at the warm and cordial greetings they had met with on all sides. Eulogized to the utmost our beautiful fertile valley, and thought we had many things to" be thankful -- nal, a manuscript -- for. IN MEMORTAM citizen.- uepari. 9 rta . Since-Oln)rganiza1JP- J:hJWorJ,54TvIJkanik McLrAy,. Viiy,tceiiiiy-pu- J mon Metropolis,'' is & very gcod wcrk to place riiii.iinimiiijniii ni ini vrin 111 I'ttd kiiHiiiiifiiff'f.tj' Ideas of our city and its environ?, its places of note, manufactured and institutions. The Guide contains a map of the city which givea a good Idea of it filiation; thrn nn "Inrrnrinftirv" in which the author states that "Mormoniam" gives to (he city "lis uniyu junongs t the iti cs"f Vtenmt1r7c7?, The first ficttlement ofjhe city by the pionters and the company who followed them ia given brief- yet minutely. The latitude, bngitude : and ecenery city, is given, alo its altitude and other interesting matter. The book is illus trated, contaiuiog excellent pictures cf the Temple Block, Salt Lake Temple when com- pleted, The Tabernacle, Salt Lake Asstmtdy ..M Mail rcfi1rtiirf n ..... r. n,fnna President 'Young. Black Inn.!. ings, also Black Reck in the Salt Lake. The north of Z. C. M. I. -- "DlEnTInthe ; h&-in- jMrkm?, Counselors; Cnrisyrieirjaiiy-f- e Sor.th Weber, July Tth, 1S32. (Mor- - against:' .the mons," and mere Inclined eubject who re o presence of Apostle F. D. Richards, who gave us some excellent advice and instruction in regard to our duties as Societies and Saints. The following persons were elected as officers: Mary Hefstead, Mary Taylorand Eliza 6. Our Bister now has gone to rcrt, She as3 gone to dwell on a brighter ehoi She has gone to meet tha ones Bha love J, Whom death had parted long; before. S. John F. Shaker, Mrs. E. B7 Wei E"Thomas I. Mr?. Jf. 11. Kimball, Heyi, ( of the same day and at the same place, the Juab County Stake organiza-- uon oi rvenei society, held their quarterly Con ference by appointment, Sistera rElizabefli Kendall and Jane Pixton, Counselors of our late President, presided over the conference. : ::i Financial and statistical reports were read, two p.m. 3bal reports given' hy tbe Pidents of the different branches.; All went to show that the Society was in a good condition, and that tu meiruuiies, ana striving 8to do all they can to help on the work. We all sorely feel the loss of our lategood President Goldsbrough but realize that the Lord doeth all things we 1; let His will be done; yet many , a teardron fell from w,. i :'J , r r iuv,;c .uf wnorn sue naa presided.;; 0ur conference being held on the ir,th anni- Ternary of the organization of our Relief Society, the Nephi Society met in the Relief .iti ; liYC ' . . --- --- HA11EI3VILLE, WERER CO. Editor -- Woman's- E xponent. - Our settlement extends miles from south-eas- t tn nnrfVi.-nef- . :r,-.-.c--:j six eration of the- scattered condition "ofthe Saints it was considered advisable to divider rather organize anothpr Snp?Pi-.virzpart-ot-tfardTthe twn mm j-- .r natedas East and- AVpst. TTirriu rp, -a ue or- Aiictuii,. ginization of the bociety of West Harrisville took placoon April 23th, 1831. The Stake 1 resident, Sister Jane S. Richards, and Coun-selowere present, also the Bishop and his Counselors, we were also favored with the - he rs Hall, in the evening." T--f President Paxman and Snth? brcthren' mQt with' us, and the tMrjClean-Harve- WAS y monla . were here on a visit, andspoke .to the sisters; and bore v c:-a- i n ot f ho joyed in visiting with us. testi--mnn- . We had a time of rejoicing, and felt to thank our Father Heavenly f the great blessings we enjoyed. ' Amy L. Bigler, , Stake Secretary R, S. t - 