The Bights of the Women of Vol , SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 35, 1883; 12. ,, . , ALLIK S R ESOLV& attempt to stand between ahuman being and ! Freedom of thought, freedom of freedom of action in the matter of judgment, ' to is granted all thyst whom God igion .The one main tbirigthat we as young men and young ladies in Israel lack is a proper ap' preciation of the duties that devolve UDon us: n we Knew it was at the risk ot our uvea to. get drunk and swear, would we do so, if we were in the presence of a great earthly king whom we Knew would take our lives if we committed such offences, would we gratify a ... . anroir rvii i ivrA-- r v iM.(1 iti h ih- i..il t1.1n mw ihiih r ii t.; indeed; but according , to that which we all as Latter-da- y baints believe m, many of us break the laws of that King who i3 able to take not only our lives and end our earthly existence, but he has all power over our souls and con trols our destinies through. all eternity. If we knew .and realized that by a few his God As Allle,. wrapped' In thought, snrvey'd Life's ECt nrS'BS time raiolv'd, In 'fa! awe weigh 'd, 'Aud . -- true-rceul- made in H endowed with ' agency is chartered - unto them to choose who shall be their God, and in what way they, shall worship Him and acknowledge hh laws and mandates, and whom they will serve, follow and obey; He endowed them - wjth -- God-1 i k e faculties, with reason , judgment understanding, veneration, adoration and devotion; with a spirit that is bound to worship, yet the human being bends in . . i .mi Xi;l,t ,i wuisuij) as uaiurauy as me willow to tne stream, it is the umbilical cord that binds it to its Divine Parent. J The snbjcct has carried me away, and I forgot that I was writing a letter. Will you feel I intrude? if so, pardon me, for my interest in you i3 great and imperative for your spiritual welfare, therefore my conscience does not condemn me. Accept the best wishes one human being can offer to another. Thy friend ever, Hannaii T. King. Salt Lake City. ts he nobly tbua rtsolvV.: liiiwn-atrfiEtes- "I'll tnrn my tfcongbts tt nsc fulness ri'Jl trt asiire knowlcf' that will bleii,r And wisdom tlrlvc to pain. T' . isow&JwzgM their I - i ' silly ap, Tbat pow'r can charm, And change luto a hblt'ous shape-M' nat'ral, lovely form: "I will not furnish ridicuh A theme at my c.icntf , Hy pandering to fdlfye t pi, Tho world's extravagance. "I will not condescend to bo An advertising scroll, xx A walking sign of mill'nery, A glaring sidewalk stroll. r j my hand Ml train Wlthf-kil- l "I wilj not be a fafcLion's .. y - J . Who fatter gaudy show I'll seek to merit what tho wlv. Sincerely may bestow, 1 - With sweet simplicity, And will not give my time to wasto On'vain frivolity. ADD3ESSED TO Y. L. AMERICAN woman one of worth, Whose setting snn shall tell That Allie'smissIoiTon the earth F. K. 5. S. FRAGMENTS upon to deliver the opening address, I deem it - my duty as well as a privilege to respond to -- Dear Lady, Shall I cot say dear Sister? I felt from the first visit with you that you were a Eister spirit, and every succeeding interview endorsed iny first impression; it seemed hard that you were forced to go away, your health too improved go much while here. I am sorry - to hear you are again declining in health. My dear, you will have to return here, for here youwere well; the climate is evidently - congenial to your system, as it is generally to new comers; and I have remarked that the sickly are soon restored to health; there is a freshness and a puritv in this climate that is remarkable; I myself have experienced its beneficial effects; my nervous system, which in me - in curiy this climatewas.ieariunyc.nsitivebecamequiet and strong; and you know neaun yy while here. 1 ieel the Lord desires improved to be with His you people, He acknowledges you as one of His told; can you not do you not realize the truth of my words? I feel that the world, with all its greatness and granduer, has not charms enough to bind a heart and brain like yours: -"- Theandnhe-ublirae and the beautiful," with all their varied are in store tor the Saints of Godappendages of all .ages, but they have to graduate for them in the High School ot the Lord before can attain they them, or faCuIt7 t0 ri3htly appreciate them . - teir is between God, and Him alone! no human bemgn6 human whether it power, as king, potentate or president-n- o Parjja- cr J4t?t. tangr-bs ihc right or the power to ? FORK. Brethren and sisters, friends and members of the Improvement A ssociation," being called' Of Epistolary Correspondence, one and I. A 1- be a . Religion is an individual affair; it each M luxuries and honors this worfd1 affords, would it not be an incentive that would cause most of us to"strive for.it; but the Lord our Father has promised us such blessings as are not to be compared with any of the perishable things of this life. For instead of the weakly, fading tabernacle, ever subject to disease and deaths we are promised a glorious, .immortal body, capable of enduring through alTeternity, so also -- with all things connected with our existence in the eternal worlds, for the faithful are promised that instead of crumbling to decay as is the fate of all things connected, with this mor- C n1 , 11 i'. ' J 11 tax tspucic ui uuiiuu, meir giory auu uiessings -- may continue and increase through all comtimeand ing grow brighter through" the lapse of years; there are also great things awaiting rTr irhoti Tlff 1IQ riPTfai'niriVr fS Iht ho Vinif. doms of this world shall become the kingdoms of our God and His Son Jesus Christ, the children of to day who "have been reared -- in7' the fear and admonition of the Lord, who have rightly appreciated their privilege?, and have their lives in acquiring useful knowledge, spent 11 1 - .Ml .1 r.ave win ampie room 10 useaii inetaients they possess. Let us be humble and prayerfnl, as prayer is eentinl to jal vat ion ; prayer serves to een onen the channel of rommnni- cation , between us and the heavens. Through prayer the darkness that had hovered over the earth for ages burst, and the light of everlasting truth shone for it. Let us all endeavor to be energetic and upright, and do all we can for the further ad vancemect of the work in rL tto oro on nrn rr&A lof no Ko mn A xr ir aA the poor and aged, for in so doing we will create happiness; true happiness is not gained by selfishness, but by making others happy. . The more we try to do this the more happiness wc ourselves will enjoy. May God give us His Spirit that we may seek nnto him for wisdom aud uiuierftanding. And may the love of God be our guiding star in all pur Associations, is my prayer. -- . "I'll mingle elegance and taste- Has been accmnplitcivTTlT '. . I . "Tbtir fulsome praise I will despise "I'll No. 6. the call, trusting I may have the Spirit of God to dictate me in the course of my remarks. It is now eight years since the Associations were organized, in which time there has been various improvements" How much we havejnado is before you to judge. What improvement t has been made i3 not entirely due to the efforts of t he young people, bu t to the efforts of our kind and amiable President, who has worked with untiring industry for our advancement and for the good of the youth of Zion. In feel heart bless to God I and her, my say may all her efforts towards improvement be crowned with success. The Improvement Association is a proper channel where good ad-- r vice may be imparted unto the rising generation of this community, if we adhere to the good counsel given. Some say they see no particular good resulting from these Associations, suet persons are found only among those -who care nothiDg,, for religion, and they have' no higher aim in life than the frivolities of this world. How thankful would our parents have been had they the privileges when they were young that we enjoy Young friends, we have a great, many advantages that our parents did not possess. Are we thankful for the many blessings bes- towed upon us, do we all realize our positions as members of the Church and Kingdom of God; are we fully alive to the necessity of preparing ourselves for f uturelisefulhess? In the revelations of the Lord given to" us in the last" " days, He says, "let the solemnities of eternity rest on your minds;", the things of time are small compared with those of eternity; is there not enough in. the prophecies and promis concerning the things to , fill our minds with a determination to let the perisha(We things of this world be only a secondary consideration? o- 1 1 1 , -- TH7 Vi 1 T j Annie Ciiepnian. 1 L " - The lowest Lovn fellow. ebb is the turn of the tide made up, not . of great sacrifices or d u lie?, but of little things, in which smiles and , kindnesses and small L obligations, given habitually, are what win and preserve the heart, and secure comfort. Sir H. Davy Men seldom die of hard wrork activity is God's medicine. The highest genius is willinghard work. ' Any other ness and ability to-- do conception of geniu3 makes it doubtful, if not a dangerous possession.-.- ?. & Mac Arthur Life U 