W OM A N 'S EX .' JSfivik .IN.MEMORIAM. bc-r- frienlOo monj ent daughter,- - and her la3t words were to comfort her mother. Hooper. - Jessie Massing, . ; In the tomb she's laid to rest, Bather spirit watch : :: - 7 " ' Addie now Is sweetly sleeping; " " Sec. Y. L. 11. I. A. - , ' ' is keeping, For she dwells among tho blest. Though her body now i3 rcstlDg Free from weary pain and care, . She rejoices in bright mansions : With the just and righteous there. Then cheer np and cease j'onr weeping, She-- has reached that "happy shore," Where uo grief or sickness enters, And there's rest fore verm oro.. , - T" compTetedVSisters Home and Whitney gave some good advice to ... the little folks. , Minutes of the seven teenth Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies of Utah Co., held in Provo City, December, 1882. Present on the. stand. President Margaret T. Smoot, Counselor M. A. ClufT, Secretary, etc., - visitors from Sal t Lake City Sisters M. I Home and E. Howard; a few brethren of the Priesthood also present. Meeting opened by singing,, prayer and singing" Minu te3 of former conference read and ap" proved. President il. I. Smoot said our prayers have been answered, and we are permitted to meet again beneath this consecrated roof, while many who have been wont to meet with us have been called away to another state of existence. We have sisters with us from Salt Lake City7"ande will dispatch our busi ness so as to hear irom thernTand give way this afternoon for the funeral of Mother Needhamr who has gone from our midst; a faithful Latter-day Saint, and a faithful worker in tho Relief Society. I feel to ask the Lord to bless and pour out his Spirit upon us all. Sister Horrie said, the time has como that our prophets havo foretold that would try.1 men's souls. The Lord is work in o with thA nimno " j HJ3 and the adversary is stirring therntip-tdestroy-us- . I would say to my sisters, live your religion, draw nigh unto'your God, and He will help us, let us use the weapon of prayer, let us fast and pray and hold sweet communion with the Lord. One of oilr sisters has been sent to the penitentiary because she would not testify against herself and husband. I honor her. for it; pur- - enemietjJrj . - : y -- , . . ehildrerv bnt make home their the to best try place on earth, for if even one is lost, there will be a vacant place, and bring sorrow and trouble into our Zdestrablerand-n- ot . ;.cat . e-- 1 p "pl-om- was the first speaker, he spoke considerable - upon the training of children, the necessity of keeping a promise made to them, in order to set a good example and preserve their confidence, etci Apostle F. MrLyman spoke upon duties of parents and of children to each other, and upon celestial marriage and the word of wisdom, arid when closing his remarks, the blessings of God upon all who were: ; ira-plor- - , andxjiortedthe sisters-t- o aithfulnesTlmd -f- diligenceTnlheir religion. Singing. Conference adjourned for three months. Benediction. Caroline Daniels, Secretary. : Conference adjourned until March7to be held " ;:: I . i ' .. " ; The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society, Y. L. M. I. A. and P. A. of ThhpIa Stake was held at Grantsville, Saturday and ounaay, JLiecember itth and .10, commencmo- at 10 a.m. on Saturday, Mrs. Mary A. Hunter presiding, Counselor , Jane Eastham' being-presealso. From Salt Lake City, Mrs. M.: I. Home and H. M, Whitney. There were also in attendance Apostles "F. M. Lyman" and H. J. Grant, and Elder B.S. Young. The meeting opened with the luual exercises of " singing and prayer, minutes of previous con The Primary Association of Ephraim City, held a fair in the Relief Society Hall on the 2d and 3d of November, 1882, representing the taste and talent of the little ones from four years of age to fourteen years. The hall was lined with bed quilts, rugs, embroidered and crochet tablecovers, framed pictures of hair flowers, also of flowers of Berlin wool on velvet, and a variety of handsome wall pockets. One table was covered with such tbino-- n breakfast shawls, hoods, .stockings, baby shoes, pillow lace, edging, embroidery, mats, cushions, shell box, etc. Another table, some nastrv and good bread. On the boys' side was one sailing vessel, the word wetxome carved on "wood," rakes, rollers, wagon and harrows; also some fine beet3 and other vegetables. No prizes were given, but we hope tho favor of this report in the Exponent will help to encourage the little ones. In the evening, a meeting was - held in .the meetinghouse; after the children had filled the programme, Prest. II. Madsen, of Gunnison, and her Counselor, addressed the meetimgalso Sister Greer, President of Manti s P A. The leading authorities were all - present. Much satisfaction was given, and inucli praise is due to the officers of each "ward for - their earnest perseverance, and also to tho'" children. Emma J. Williams, ; Augusta Stevens, ;3 Presidents, 0. Tiiop.pe, Secretary. 4 s " - : - . : -- - nt A.n Tate Cor. Sec. R. S., Tooele Stake. Editor Exponent:- - . TOOELE STAKE. ed trying to do right. . - -.- ofl-th- eir Sunday mornin 2 the Sabbath School' con- evened, and the sisters from Salt Lake attended, made some remarks and questionedechilv - d ren r th i t tie oneTeply i ng tly and satisfactorily. Afternoon meeting, after the sacrament was administered, Apostle H. J; Grant ' '. in all good works, teach tEem to pray, to be upright and honest, teach them faith in God, arid also to remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Saidwejvyantito becomeintelligentr-an- d we must cultivate the talents God has r, given us. Presiden t Sinqot followed the sisters with a few remarks, saying I have been called uponlo" . make a few remarks to the matrons in Zion. The teachings you have had are sound, especially in regard to the training of our children " by the mothers. Among our getting, get wisdom, karn to govern your children, the great secret is union in families; wo must learn how to obtain - eternal' lives; spake of the lack of confidence in God. .AVe must live for eternal life if we ever gain it. The Kingdom of God is onward and upward, and wc. will receive what we earn. Spoke against Sabbath breaking and various other subjects of interest. Sister Cluff endorsed what had been said, . uJEvening seson waa therYou ng Ladies Conference, audjnuch good counsel and encouragement was given by the1 sisters to the young people. Apostle F, M. Ly man exhorted jthe parents to be kind to the childrenniakc'home . ed ' ' . ; ex-"hort- " x Howard said, the requires... im wo live and if bur religion, we obedience, plicit will be right. Wjd know what we shall have" to pass through; let U3 so live that weshallbeablo to stand the tests; we must be more ou an equality. Let us not spend so much in dress and ' ' trimmings; let us improve our minds. We want to come up in the morning; of the resurto lay for rection;, we do not want years in the grouud.""Xet uslovc one another till our hearts Tire full of love. zz:7ir Sister Smoot said, we all" appreciate Sister Anna Gallifant for her integrity-an-d courage, and feel - to give her a vote of thanks, which was responded to unanimously. Brother H. II. Guff said: Sisters, this is my first meeting with you in; confe.rencesince- ,1 have been pleased atrwhat 1 have heard in relation to the teachers of the Relief Societies visiting in their districts; they can accomplish a great deal of good in that way, more so than those that preside oyer them; theycan talk plainer to the sisters than in the public meetings. The sisters that live humbly before the Lord, cannot help doing good, but let riot your right hand know-wha; , your left hand doeth. Sister Smoot said, we will adjourn and meet together again this evening. Singing, 7. diction. B ister Evening Session. Conference convened at six; after singing and prayer, the time was occupied by Sisters Home and How- ard instructing the sisters on ,a variety of subj jects all pertaining to our- - eternal welfare; the mothers to train their children early UTAH STAKE. to-da- and-ftej- j . " half-pas-t REPORTS, . : r d : in Tooele. R S., Y L: M. L A. AND PRIMARY .. in veicsnai xvmruuiu. . Julia. Bake. - S' t - Hooper. n without askiug for his help, that they may encourage, those they visit. I pray that we may not be wary in well doing, but gain a seat in our-bod- ies Died, in Hooper City, Weber County, Utah, November 19, 1.332, AdelaideJohnon,AgUtcr of Theodor6-an- d T S&rah 1 Cook Johason 77 "7 Deceased was born la Salt Lake City, March SO,. 13&3, and was In her 17th year at the tlnae of her demise. She was a faithful member of the Y. L. M. L;A., and lored ShoT leaves a ic- and reepected by alt who knew . voted mother and brother, with many relative and dear : never go out. aTfor"Be.'iVtj)jiid.Ji-n- : ,t. ference were read and accepted; and Sister Hunter, Home and Whitney each addressed the people a few minutes, giving-go- od instruc- tion and counsel to the sisters. Afternoon was occupied by the Primary. Associations, most' of the time being spent in exercises by the children The';.wng3j2"ciial6gu;-anrecitations Avere well chosen and creditably rendered , but I know that God rules and will tight our battles for us if we are faithful and trust Him. The teachers ''oftheu Relief Societies- - should of thankpglvlng."7 An J w hild Joy end gladness abound, and tba.'ibsgivjpg and melody resound from every heart and home, let every tongue tacitly utter and every scul silently respond," "Glory to God in the higher, and on earth, peace, good will toward rrea!v The value of this. cai&r ika ;.oropt,'carinotjb tstim&tedfiijia'fe'iarecord.ofi: the British mission, it has been very essential" indeed. May it continue to increase in 'popularity and prosperity, until oil the honest in heart from all nations are gathered under the Gospel banner, and there w j II be no more need of the Elders in foreign fields of labor. PON EN f EOCKVILLE, KANE CO. " - We are situated in the tops of the mountains, as it were, where the Lord has called us to labor; but notwithstanding our isolation, we can claim the blessings of our Father in heaven, and he is just as willing to own us, as he is our more favored sisters who live near the great lights -that our Father ha placed on tho earth to t -- -- guide his people. l J-- - 