W 0. 21 A N ' SzrB XrP I'LL. LAY BY THE HARP. once tbongbt to gather bay for Or a laurel my crown to Illumine;. I fcnd - r . had thought, when downhiii-o- -- And-the Day cares 4"6Jijai" lLLMiB i ii-Xw- ,. o I a K.e rrepL LTONDTXtUiTAFBON, Sec. ; umns of our noble little "paper; the Exponent. Ouo sisters, generally, are wide awake to their' Ldutiesr and show their-faiththeir works, in the alter the sick, poor and needy, of looking which we have some "few in our midst. They ; also donate liberally to the Temple in course tc oi erection, and whenever calls de "help emigrate the Saints : from abroad they always respond, and I. think keep pace with the societies in other wards. We also have a granary, and are storing up wheat. We have" purchased an acre of land and have two hundred live mulberry trees, have done what we could in the silk culture, and expect to get; our silk, reeled this fall. Our Primary. Association held their fair in September, ft was altogether a success. The. little folks showed their taste and skill to good advantagemust make niention-of-th- e surprise we gave our worthy President, Mrs. Ann Bickington. On the first day of the present month (November) being her G7th birthday. After she came out of fast meeting she was escorted by the sisters to Brother and Sister William Gill's, .where a ' About sumptuous dinner was in waiting. the and sisters brethren of surrounded thirty the table, and were enabled to do ample justice "to" the good things before them, having fasted all the morning. The afternoon was spent in a very agreeable manner. Bishop Ritchie made appropriate re" marks, and gave much good instruction. Others spoke of their long acquaintance with Sister: Bickington, and of her integrity and good works, wishing her many happy returns of her natal day. She was then presented with many gifts as tokens of respect, to which she replied with a short but affeciingspeechr -fteringingTblehdTHioVvw pronounced by Bishop Ritchie, and air dispersed, leaving our beloved Sister Bickington to enjoy herself, hav- ' ing the satisfaction of knowing she was respected and beloved by all her acquaintances. Ihe Exponent is taken by a number ot our sisters, and is read with1inuclr interest; it is a noble paper and is full of choice reading, and some of the wise, learned heads that have so much to say about the down trodden women of Utah would do well to read our little paper. As for myself I prize it. The Scenes and Incidents in JNauyiJOishe-firsfc-thing-Iead- nr brings back bo fresh to my own memory the trials and persecutions of those days, for having been identified with this Church from the days . of Kirtland, Ohio, to the present time, and been a partaker in all its persecutions I can testify to the truth of many things contained in that article; and in closing I bear myites ti-- . mony to the truth of this Gospel. It is of God and will prevail. . The wicked will not have power to stop its progress, for they cannot measure arms with the Almighty. Your sister in the Gospel, N. M. Tracy. Editor Woman's Exponent; By way of encouragement the R. S. and V. L. joined with the Primary in holding their first fair at PimaNovember 2nd and 3rd. Each association wa3 represented by separate tables, being beautifully decorated with different: Jdndif-needievorkT-eand cotton) crochet, netting, lace ties, cushions, cardboard ornaments, flowers, lampjmats, knitting, home spun yarn, home made hats (which met with a ready sale). The walls were nicely decorated with a numerous yarietyof quilts,: " rugs, and different kinds of ornaments. There was also forty yards of rag carpet made by the R. S., and twenty yards by the Y. L., both being very good quality. We will not forget to make mention of some very nice cotton raised by the R. S. There was on exhibition speci. m -- ' mens of sweet potatoPSeighingJhree-pounSs- ,aisea Dy-- i. also turnira weifrh nosix pounds, raised by J. W. Moody. As far as the Primary department was concerned, it was simply beautiful, being nicely st. - WT-JiTa- ornamented with different kinds of pastry, butter and bread, also a nice display of little toys, consisting of picture frames, pin cushions, embroidery, doll's stockings, little chair and ta- ble, rakes, butter paddles, churn dashers, ox yokes, ladders, knives, etc, etc.; melons, popcorn and squashes were seen on the table, raised by little boys under eleven year3 6f age. The talent displayed bythe littleones was excellent. We had almost -forgot ten to j, lit 1 F1H T (111 ll' IV- vv. d n w We are too easily influenced to do what we know to be; wrong. Th.ere are e who say and do (and I believe think) as the majority," because they have not the cou- ..ragp to investigate for themselves. I have no .patience with sucl a class of Jeings. If we ; place. some-peopl- 41 Ta TFltftl ft rvAOT wA little girls, which were yerynice,wejwill mention in particular a litt bed set, made by Nuttall, aged five years', the hemming would do credit to a ten year old' girl. La-pri- al MORAL COURAGE. What' is moral courage? Knowing what is right and daring to do it in the face ot all the world, is what I call moral courage. And the nn K MM 4- - .J L. a I A T 1 us use !i ii, ana il Dy using it improve it; in snort; let us think and act "for .ourselves. --We as individuals are held accountable for our "acts and doings (not the "majority"). Let us first find out what is right and then have the moral cou-- ; rage to do it at all times and in all places, ir- .rj - respective of the opinions of the "majority" of the world. Constance Wildwood. Nephi. ... -.- -- - - 7- r --- '.. NOTES AND NEWS. - Louisa M. Alcott lias in press with Roberts Brothers "Jo's Boys : and How they turned Out," the sequel to "Little Men." It may be looked for early in 1884. long-looked-f- or "The sovereign people" have given their verdict. Hereafter chief magistrate cannot exhibit the tanned skins of babies from the Tewksbury. almshouse. -- The Republicans ofMassachusetts have "saved the honor of the State. Amid the general rejoicing, it would hi out of place to recall the f act that not a mother in Massachusetts, from the tip of the Cape to the Berkshire hills, has any legal control over the skins of her babies, whether those babies are dead or alive. This trifle is to be passed over now, as it has been for many a year, pome time m the tar future, when women shall have importuned . the "sovereign . T 11Z l 1? the-prese- nt -- . ' - peupiu '' i Huiuuieuuy8omeaiieniiott-mayrD- venolhislittle e matter; also "to that other not worth fact, naming in this important campaign, viz.: that more than half the same adult ; people are denied their right to vote. Meantime "the honor of Massachusetts is safe." Is it? And if the women have anything to com- ti. piam oi, r is it , aii tiieir own ; lault? -- -- " Woman's Journal. -- - " I not stern enough. We lack the moral courage " to "sayrtio, in the proper time and -- - y- ;are - PIMA, 0 RATI AM CO., ARIZONA. T to-da- : PRIMARY FAIR. Vri "based upon thoughtful- is iness needed by the young people of uore man anytning eise. -- YYe, as young people. at-independence are-ma- Then I'll lay by the harp, for its strings are undoner And the sound of Its music is dying; The hopes I have cherished have passed one by one, And their fragments around me are lying. I I I I i -- . . by , ' 1 we re- - lines from our Relief Society iu MarriottsvilLe will not be intruding on the col- the traveler, who climbs to the top of the hill, Is lost In amaze to discover Another one, higher and .steeper," there stlll-- r " lie must climb ere hjs journey is over. I. have labored through life with ajight just ahead, Like a star o'er my pathway to guide me, But when I have thought on its portals to tread, The pleas are I sought was denied me. I had thought in my own happy fancies to bask, And the thought to my. soul was elating;"" "fiatmy andahave grown weary with many a task, And my heart has grown heavy with waiting. I of Zion. Ih ope a few As lit- - fo.rJfo5 . .1 ' WOMAN'S VOICE, We mark for our footsteps a path that is fair, ' And hope, by our labor, to gain it; We grasp for tha light that is guiding us there, Bat onr hands arc too weak to retain it. . I evil-doer- -- Rut alas for the hopes that are centered on.carth Where tha storm clouds around ns can hover; They fade, like the spirit that's given them birth, Ere their brightness onr hearts can discover, We sigh for the touch of a hand that's divine, And long for a glory immortal; BatlhaiighLotxur Tisloa bo dimly muatrshlne Through the mist that hanga over the porlal;r- x out tne courage to calmly pocket tne- - sneere ot s we will never amount to anything. , .V- -. TL , ' anai remain true cau uo mis inc pcraoue mat to themselves have one of the noblest elemeiiti . jour sisters m ne U03peiOl QG0&--- and my sorrows were o'er To ecread out my Bails for that beautiful shore, And bask where the sunbeams were shining. Llllll - 4ife-TOirindmr- c, f person who lacks this is lacking in that princi a Ever praying But, alas, the illusion's swept (cocoes now, I We with a dance for- the little folk?, interspersed: with singing ..from the children. "Watching for Pa" was sung beautifully by two little boys and three little-grrlunderweight r years of aget rnnrow, " 0N ENT.' ZZ ' and Food The notion that those who wrork only with their brain need less il i nas ..I 1L mau il tuuse wuo iauor wiin ineir nanus Brain-wor- k i 1 than muscular. "anse greaterwasteoftissue i. A, J: tl 1 A 1 hard study wear out the body, more than a whole day of hard physical exertion. "With- out phosphorus, no thought," is the German saying; and the consumption of that essential ingredient of the brain increases in proportion to the amonnt of labor which this organ is required to perform. The wear and tear of the brain are easily measured by careful examinations of the salts in the liquid excretions. The importance of the brain as a working organ ?a aiinwn iixr ilia a rrnn n f n f YlnrA it raro I iraa ' any other part of the body. One fifth of the blood goes to the brain, though its average of that of tne body. -weight is only be would alone This fact sufiicient to prove " tnat prain worKers require more looa, and even better food, than mechanics or farm laborers.' Boston ?urnal of. Chemistry. t::: one-fortie- J th 