i t WOMAN v - - FEOM H; C. KIMBALL'S JOURNAL. . BY HELEN MAR WHITXEV. "Monday, 29th.' Several- men' presented. - themselves at the dwelling of Presi(ientGepre lillerlhlrin'orHSgV"- - came into the house iind enquired fur him while others remained outside. It was suspected that they were after.. him witlfa writ, and although President Millen was present and before them all the time, no knew him; neither did any of the brethren, several of whom were present, seem to know where lie wa and the" suspicious indi- viduals 'soon left. At two o'clock word was brough t that a' "company of soldiers were Carthage. They proved to'be four dra- came up t h e. hill ; went around by 1 goousv-The- the cast end ami norai aide of he I era pler ou t of the; north gate; and drew up in front oL George Miller's." An alarm was Raised that the troops were sud ea vo r i n g t o'gei i ri to t h eTem pi e, a nd I 'resi Young ordered the Hints taken but of the but they saj d 1 i e v-- we re search i n g stair for h..sa.id to have Tieeirsto ten tYoriT-- jnej in-fro- m. I Frc-idc- M -- 1 . ' Hibbard. After prayer Youirr and; . was over Pre.-ide- m Elder Kimball went into the toweiy near-JFpeni halt an hour and ret urned an hour reading Captain Freemont's narra- five, then retired for the nigit.' "Tuesday, ::)th. ' Almon W; Babtu came in at halt past eleven and reported lhat the , marshal had left Carthage for Springfield, and ilic.ro would be no more danger from writs. 1 1'. Prntt has been engaged part of the time in forming a schedule for a pioneer company of lO'.iO mii to precede the. body, of emigrants, to find a ..proper location, andto put in seed early ia the summer labors of ..the day. having been brou dit do a close at' so arly an hour ( half past eight it was thought roper to have a little season of :': ' ) Hans Hanson1 erreatioiT7;K ted t4 ifixl ttce-- h rs viol hrrl led id "soTlui df playel several lively airs;, several excellent were sung; in which several of the' 'L"rctli Ten a wT s i - tc rs 'joined. The ''Upper Ca i for n ia" was sung by EraMus Snow; after which Whitney, being invited by President Young, stood' up, and- - invoking- t be gift of tongues, ' sang r.ne of the mosrbeautiful song? in! tongues t lint was ever heard. The interpretation wa.s given by her 'husband, Bidiop.Whit-ney- . It relaKd to our Worts to build this to i lie pri vilege - we now have of ' i her in""" it tit' our departure to the 'country of thc;Lamanites, and iioitly their rejoicing when they hear the Gospel, and v-- i ' 1 Si-t:- :r - Iandte.r5r-sembling-txjgeth- ! of the ingiUhei inglof israel. - Altogether -it- --' the nio.t touching and beautiful t.f power, of the spirit in the gift "f "tongues,', which was ever witnessed, 7 so it to the writer of appeared this, Williani 'clay-'- " ton. After a little conversation of a general nature the exercises of the evening were clod by prayer by PresideDtr JiYoimgr- '- -December :ibt, he wrote, "Prwident Youi- iand Elder Kimball are in th? waM.sie ex-bij)itn- th. . superintending with examining inference b selecting a location ibr maps the Saints west ot tae Eocky Mountains, and rcudiu the van.iH works whu li have been written and puhli:;aicl by travelers in those regions."- Atix o'clock the High council, the Hi-h" 1 operatwnsof the day Thus wrote William- Clayton; he also says liThe plasterers have commenced this morning to plaster the arche'd ceiling of" the lower hall of 'the l Temple; the floor rs laid, the frame work of the'pulpits , and surrounding seats forthe effofraud baud are put up, and the work of fitting the room for dedication arnPholding meetings therein progresses very fast." New Year's evening I, with' quite a number of receivof young friends, hail h and" AVilliam Clayton" ing the ' wrote the following: , whole After a little'time had elapsed-thcom ;anv were assembled together in'lhe'east rqom; in number about fifty, a ud .all knelt down upon the carpet and united .with II. C. Kimball in thankszivinL'-tfor firs ureRV i Jo cj In ora ess t- ttri n g n t i n giis t h t.sT mercy and gout opportunity of meeting together in the house of the Lord, and in prayer to Him that He would continue to bless us, that He would blcjs Pre.4d'iit Jrii;ham-Yt- )u ng with health and wisdom, thatdie might be able to lead and di- rect this people, and that the same blessings might be extended to all his. brethren of the Twelve, and on the Saints, and that God would; bless, our wives and giv unto them strength of body, that they might live and ad- minUwr- to thti servants of God, that they might see three, score years aui ten, and behold the- Kingdom of God established in the earth, and that we might be enabled to contfhuein Nauvoo in until all' the faithful Saints had received their endowments, and that when the time to leave here should arrive that we might have those things that we need to enable us to go away in crrnifbrt thai" ton,hTsTend"our i poies-- d ' u l - m gh t -- oo k gotxl t ot'h os ev h o a round about us, that they may buy them and - pay us may need; also that God wo'uld bless our all things (but pertain to us, and g the whole com j)any to God, gave Him the. glory, through" our "Lord Jesus Christ.' - . the-privileg- e oh-ordinan- ces; e prayer, 111 eli tuwru:n"' Ui; .nrien.o.l. lcTiue ly Jh,I3 ,Iuk(1 to uur bed. lr-c- ir, for to-et- her and Till dreed bolv order. ,f the n theyc.,r m-;- IS 10. Thursday. "This day Junuayt, ot anchor year-- tho niornin- the ground vero 5nd the. mud vcrv .lamy, Ahcuvy ito tcsU cuiiho h?; round -- G-o1 J. . . " -- - p.-ar- ; -- - 1 S- i-- gld'-and-ilyej- cdiil-drcn.a- deli-catin- Amen." - .' '; . C AYrn. G. Young and Adelia Clarkywere then married by President Brigham Y'oung; Ids nephew, Brigham IT. YToung,and Sidcnia 0. Clark officiated as groomsman and bridesmaid. A dly if it was the that they were to be married for tune and. fur ternity,-anreceiving an answer m theafiirmative, he then Hazen Kimball and his wife (the latter being a sister of thc bride) if the bride's parents "understood-theiintentions and approved'of them; and-received ratisfactory answers. After the y over he was. bievarious pronounced them. The upon clerk wrote the follow- jngs or three a,ira jng: songs were sung, and President oung invited the company to sjipper, which had T en prepared. Bishop Whitney-andw-ite led the way, and were followed bv about halt the company; the table not : fUT-askingth- n-pea- ag d a.-k-ed - . cere-nion- . bein-extens- ive enough to accomodate more. Presf-den- t Aoung said we could worship God in the dance as well as in other ways, but stron-l- v impressed upon the minds of those present the - neds and theSeveiitics met ei -- -- "'ropnctyofi put-h- e wished to .' responsible. for the conduct of their children, should not i)e willing that and for his part his children should meet with the wicked. He said to his own children, that they had covenanted here this evening that .receive the instruction.-- , and Jisten to the counsel of their father and mother, and be hoped : , they would remember it.- - : Erastus Snow expressed his feelings The President wordrf. then invited all those who were willing to cov- - . . . in-a-fe- w ' enant-- t -f? .rn.ght ireepThn5ei veirffolR th'eir-feetmingling with the wicked to rise upon ' x ' whereupon all rose up. Hans C. Hanson, a Dane, inquired if it would be. perrnitti.'d for him to speak a few words, and receiving an apj.roving nod ironl the Presi- inhe habit of pi ay-- in ' The for lufxi'tpoinpanies-anicji- ig wicked, and that in such companies he had seen very ungodly conduct, that on a certain occasion he played for some who were called Saints, but they went down tcra steam boat and ; got. about twenty-fiv- e passengers to join them; said he, they wanted to 'get'" away all and, our girls and there was very bad talk there; when he saw the Saints enjoying themselves in the dance as they did here, he made a covenant with himself, ahat he would no more play the fiddle for the wicked, but that the Saints hould have the use of his fiddle, and, that when he went on a mission, he would leave it with the Saints, and asked them if theySvbuld take it. They answered "Yes" 7 The Spirit of God was present, '''and 'the spirit of meekness, humility, and gratitude to God for he great privileges wc en joy, so that tears -came into the "eyes of many of those present. Love and union, peace and harmony, pervaded. The utmost decorum was observed; not a loud y laugh nor a rude jest'saluted the: ear. Tb e persons present on this occasion were as follows: President Yronng, his wife, and daughter Vilate, and sons,WJoseph and Brigham, two little girls and infant;:Elder, H. C. Kimball and his wife Vilate, his son "William" 11., with wife, and his daughter, Helen Mar Kimball; John Young and Lorenzo Young and his wife. Persis, their son William G., the bridegroom, PhineiL-- 1L Young and his son Bngham H. Young, N. K. Whitney and wife, -Horace H. and Orson K. AVhitney, John Whitney, Amasa Lyman and his wife, Eliza M. Caroline E. Partridge, Lucy A. Seely, Clarissa C. Decker,1 Joseph C. Kingsbury, Sarah Ann Kingsbury, Helen Jeanette Murry, Mary Houston, Sidenia 0. Clark, Adelia C. ' Clark, Hazen Kimball and wife, Lorenzo Snow, Eliza K. Snow and Mary, Smith." When the Pi. told us at about half ; past two oclock that it was time to seek repose, the sisters retired to the side rooms, and the brethren stretching themselves floor upon the or .m the sofas all were soon in thcembraces of 'tired nature's sweet restorerbalmy,: sleep," with the exception of the bridegroom and bride and few of their friends, who, beingunable to; close their eyes in sleep from the abundance ot their joy, passed tho short hours of the :ii in tW ; h President FSter' t0 ha7e wh0 incur questionS hor many of thosa ' , - -- the-fidr- llc V -- . Par-tridg- -- c, hh-nt T( ho y "- won id hat' they -- covenants which they had. to ds da ughter Ijomte-llVilate, and tohfher sue should do so after this she luiohtl to ' a father. ' jpcct. meet the frown-o- red. n the remarks ld tire-wou- ornin-Tiir-gredcT-Wv- ersation aberrmTTiTg, come m here, and taken upon them the 0WeJ say;l?diIe..felt thnnkful that President "Yotifi!; lad touched &&UjuTbjc.t,. 'anfalso that .we had this oppor- - house of the Lord to receive their endowment." ' ; was -- -- y - W4i4 u make a covenant, etc. present were.willing to Kldpr II. C. Kimball said, before the cpuestion :disniai;;wpectbulStg- - - ; under the bluffs; the sunlight is very dim being nearly shut out by the dark, heavy clouds, 'which, overspread the whole lace of the sky; and everything around .wears a gloomy and. - uu" IN NAUVOO, AND INCIDENTS SCENES '8 EXP ONE NT. Continued. ' ' Unetion h the tongue of fire, and is just gift which no universities, no degrees, no amount of learning or critical attainment, no cultivation of the science of bellesdettres or rhetoric or elocution can bestow.- -. Paxton Hood. the-ver- y -- 