r WOMAN' 83 J their families and a few of our most intimate friends to attend an infare given at iny father's ; house iiono.r. of ou r marriage reception is the more modern, name, and perhaps', the most proper as things arc carried out in "these . - riayjJLLtflejd here '"" -- casually1 mentioned,- was our friend Sister 1i mmt tf nw"' AT to t) f--1 Oh? time ?iyEsrl',Taa t 'even ing was the first "sherharever dancedTas she had been b r o u g h t up, to .consider' daneing very improper an'd wick ed. We had .no glittering, surrounding, nor had we any; use for ,ricli, and costly gilts; but we had what Is better, warm and loving. hearts, r-- 1 1 that were knitted togetlierby Ijiast scenes of orydrmIsu fferirig;-- It was'Jthe pure ..... 1 ' .' '. . iu the Temple, and his rdastrWrrlTtOfTe sccu re the old homestead, in Kirtland, for "you and Horace; I want you to come and Jive there by us." His wife was in Kirtland, and he was taken sick on his way back 'and died in a day of two after; andshe'survived him but a short time. Her maiden name? was Kimball, and her son,. Bishop Whitney, thought so much of her that he adopted, it as a middle name to his four eldest son. Aiier he and my father in Kirtland they traced relationship. Both vrere natives of Vermont, and the Prophet Joseph aftenvards told them that they were descendants from one and the same branch of the Priesthood. Bishop Whitney said that his flit her was a natural prophet, and he put a great dual of confidence in his ""words. He said to Mother Whitney before leaving Nauvoo for Kirthud: 'I can only see X. K till he gets to the mountains, hut 'you , Ann , will . liyreat'mauv- years. This was a very hard thing for them to be- Iieve as sh e h ad a ways been ad elicate worn a n and was subject to habitual spells of sick head would nur.-- her ache, when Bishop Whitney . . ii-he and always treated her With the taiderest and had never laced any hardjhips or care, xenMonuies upou ner. liut when on the 2drd of September, 18o0, a little" over three years, after the arrival of the pioneers Bishop Whitney took sick and 'died, leaving his dclj- cate wiUrto kurviyinjooiiaDyyarsrtheof the fulfillment was bcgiouTng prophecies' ' made manifest. My father had a number of fine boxe3 made to order; one he gave to me, and the morning after I was married he said, "Now, Helen, goto-ahd pack up your things." My wardrobe was .not vcry extensive, but what I had was good, and I thought they were alLliat.I would get unle.--we manufactured the goods ourselves, that would be a long time hence. I had a very long riding habit of dark green merino, which father had: brought me "from the east; I had worp it but a few times when we. learned that ve were to leave for Mexico So I a d eep tuck i n the center of tlfe skirt," whichput was then all the style, and wore it through ami it wa; still a good dress, beina strong material. That with a warm hood, muff nnd boa made up my travelling suit. Fev I 1 e ; ? . .. ad the-.wint- er, mj -- f-r ,. - - - - L-jnl- J?;vTT;..i.-v.;aiTt:,hlai..- iat around and warmed ourselves.""" We ' reached the camp at Sugar Creek about eVen we o'clock."' This, like a thousand other inci- dents, had passed from iny memory till : Taylor reminded me. The pony that 1 rode 'bebnged to my brother Jliiitr, 1 1 -- was- iir.rt purchased lbr'Wi lliamT" from kftry in Illinois, who 'had. named it 'MiapjA' go lucky," bu t William having grown too large and heavy for it gave it to Heber, . " s lill, jli.soiin. thenfcfreTrrrd-s- he lMy njtbzcr.JheiilllLW-a4:;had three little boys with, the whooping w!w-- a3 cough the babe was thirteen months-old- , soon as he commenced coughing, would lose his breath, and we, would have to toss him out into the cold air, which seemed, the only thin-- ' to bring hira to. Bishop Whitney's Vamihv and a greafmairy.mvre.were in a. similar or eveu worse conditi-mtint when they heard the cry, "To. your tents, Q Israel!" they left their comfortable homes and the graws of their loved imes'and.foHowi d the voice, of th on whom the Lord had chosen to loud" His people. I shg by my husband's journal that it wa Monday the POth that "Heb r C: Kimball and family- left theirdiome and repaired to th- - encamp men t on Sugar Creek," lu rodent i.oung had gone the day before. The wagons father had sent ahead" as fast as the v jvercloaded,iind he with motherland fumifc - . - ".they-tuev- r . were!vstedlnf7TIrnue ainn-ryit- li rame cve'r to camp next day. Jil Wl.ng S! - racing fVolUiPr Ja- : - ammjxtondy; a happy gi half higlk Many be tents. Camjnng out increased our appetites s our rncnic was very near! v consumed b; fore the camp was ready to leave Sufir Creek. We had cooked up a great amount of provisions, consisting, of roasted chicken, beef, boiled J.i.auii,rKrkLand-- b other eataljles, beside sea biscuits and crackers, which we could eat and eat and still bchun--SJS'-L.IP memrrcT Jt he day.. tita - Tkigha ni Voung calied the carnp together foe the pur-ro- s e of organ i .ation. All th e came at the sound of his voice as he stood up m a wagon and cried, the ..whole L t ; er mjx of ... 1.-- liLaim he, with my father, returned to NauTOO to assist Brother Joseph Kingsbury to procure teams. My husband the same day to help his father.". On the 10th it began storming, and it was .dismal enough to give eveira saint the blues. ,-- re-turn- . The next day Sarah Lawrence Kimball an I' myself went back to 2sTauvoo where we re- - -- m'ained arweeky-slie-wir- li her siaer7Marialr Babbit, and I with my l.usband's family. ' Sunday 22nd. 'ev f th and President oung returned to- - can.:' The multitude ot teams crossing on the ic caused it to crack dnid gi ve...wav4Uidr r--t herii -- v. m-lni o p T vY there to recross the river, there was a slow drizzling rain, and the ice was floating down so t hat we had to reniiiia 1 tilb towards TTTpTT .niid then we had somf diiiicultv in gftling across in a skiff. Jltit in a few the wedays ather turned so cold that the river froze over in one night, and bythe 28th the church teams " were able to drive over iu safety. ' ) -: baraa M. Kimball. The day wasjploasanf but the weather freeing. My hu,band returned and er e i slaughit;r at Haun i -- . njj - as lucky ride I had taken over the prairies, aud .when il paced or galloped' it was as eii'sylas a men had : cradle. At Sugar Creek, father I a .tent and pitel put up a sheet iron stove at" one cud, and great log fires-w- ere burning alt" wre When Jhr.Qugn-thhad"warmed camp. ourselves we made our beds upon the ground, and laid down with: grateful hearts for so com-t'o- f table a shelter, and slept soundly till morning. The snow was deep so that paths had to - eiri wnnu.-.v.ithour Having got ours ehI riourited ami William hotDllee, tliewagau. a Jittie. after sun-- ' down. Helen Kimball; daughter of If. C. Kimbajl, rode along side of our wagon until she became so cold that; she couldjnot sit .on ""t Iff pfee"t and a , by-mu- iidjTack qf hile thus engaged "He. 1: ,, JL. ber.O. Kimball came across and expressed his satisfaction in seeing me oiMny. wn. do Calif or- -: a gentle- little ' , as It-w- nf-rrr- l iinu Si-t- e muntuin-s-t-Lali-I-ja-t- Ifild vvtf, . ; wine, and Brother, Dickson kindled a fire, and . seen more of j'abylon on this, side of the c ve c d rrrttn-- 'l thonght it possible to be in existence. But time and expeiienee has taught us .that these things were all necessary to prove us, whether or no we will cleave to the or to the -- Mammon of uririghleousncssT'""."' of wagons and 'teams, in ordrr short Being to lighten the load we carried our., change of apparel in bags made convenrcLTfor that ptr-- . pose. Ve were assisted in oil r sowing by two ""((rTruoro jjf my father's wives, as there were clothes to make for the boys and a great deal to do and- a short. time to Vlo it in. Harriet Sunders Kimbaii canje- to iivi' wuli'us about .a' week previous to our starling. My ' moth firt met her at Uncle Joseph jfou and it -- was n te7cedii7g7wilii STsterz Yuiingr that she T'jmjei;fetrio)art with lier, she being not'only a sujxerior cuok, but ;..a.u excclleiit " nurse, whiih Sister" Young could appreciate, being then in feeble' heal thitom the hardships. -;uul"privations"ihat she hal beenobligeTTUi en likodujudreds of oiliers who, iike lier, had been drivt'n-i'r-onState to State, asid was among those who ".witnessed'" the. awful ui euiiee. , ' t.i ye bad' Iwu tuvv.. aluir un nia. , toy-litt- es n m lj k. -r-- to.anyoiie else, but were all ot' worth to me: J' thought, woman like, I will pack,; le ribbons, ctdlors'and aec-'"away id ctCy-.fo.ve.are.goi;igv.heiiAv .tlienL We are- - goings out from the world to; live beyond the liocky 'Mountain, where none others will .wish to go, and we arei ever again.' to mingle with Babylon, but remain a tl is tine t and separate .people, where all of Our clothing wild be .manufactured, .and all will be on an . . equaliry. There wilL be. neither rich nor piiMjihiimgji and-wwill have none but. the 'lionui- and vir no "more snares and tuous, and. there will-b- e allurcnien ts to tern pt and dead - the y out li wrong. Thus I meditated, but, alas, we f .und 1 ana maue our?ei -- - Ikildluudaya tie value "and the violin and flute and the bass viol drove dullca re a way, and al joined in thi merrrrdan ce - - till the clock struck "twelve, when the music -- ceased and the blessings of (jled were invoked upon us and all or His people, of whatever na-- . lion they might be. When I was married father told me to never . drop my Kimball name, and for years I kept it up, but it made my name so lengthy that I have lelt it out, only when requested to add it, but I love the name, and I am oftener addressed by it than any. other; I suppose it is owing, to the .striking resemblance between us. Grandfather WhHuey .w'as in Nauvoo at the - tear brother binyl , Richard "cBallantyinrvithr William Taylor and Joseph Kaighng irfe Being., s we to ; npl vfFwl33ier and" t jukrthe xie lire tliarhad' beenlbuiltl ' . " rgi rrprrrvierTffCCT) m pa nierl T- be genuine friendship bought nor sold. The lively airs played on the holy ordinances February lGth. I lelt the city of Joseph and cros..d. theJi . that could neither - tiincieJiiukesmfv-- B. Taylor's journal: "Monday,; suppose, will understand the meaning qf. jusie.It was made the same as are .Mother Hub35teai-o- f ba f d--d re?ronlTratrdiTr-ibl- d -. V gathered, with"- a .cap) reaching nearfrtn the belt with .bailing laid between t lie ou itside and mrrsin.j theie, Were- considered tliev were also very eomiortable. notions, and .Adu ..at i. and'. Trn'ttime feneenmi g '6'wr r. Art in'e" "destiny, I'M" eilecU()ns jvjH ie l he lot lowing Were some nt busily engaged packing and tucking. away this, boxes containing letters, -- that and the other notes and cards and many little gins and tokens of remcmbranceas' 'relics my infantile and' . - - r.Rrll!i3fTF! ' NMJ EX V 0 S To be Continued. T-r- i i "r ' ;The women of Ohio were out in full forco on election day-.- They "served ballots and W ' coffee with equal vigor. -- 