; imp, and who ii itt . t . 1 ..... Eball .f . dare deny- ft vt A I J. V it be truf, that jutt beyond tho rirerr If WbiCU ... - WO HID BUUI rUALi Call UCttlU, C 1 1 , portion a hundred acres of land in an adjoining county township of Pinbury, Lewis. Co. There he - JUIUtlf In a fair country bathed in morning If wo are 60on to rane that realm 6f blip?, Shou13"ny proud coul be wedded into this? " li-- ht. r If it bo true that wo are children ail Of ono kind Father, at whoso gracious call We come to live In peaco with one another, That every child of sorrow Is ray brother . -- barn, set..ut :an orcliard of valuable fruit trees, mcf" stocked his farm well with cattle and sheep. There was also a maple orchard on the farm, so they manufactured their own molasses and sugar as well to sell. They kept geese too, and asIrs. Buell was a farmer's daughter and accustomed to all the details of farm life, she soon had her : -- ' as-som- 3ousewell suppta They raised flax too, and Mrs. Buell worked up for domestic use large quantities of both wool and flax. Her husband made a bom in , which she did the weaving, so you can readily' understand her hands were never idle; and in the language of the Scripture it might be said "she-laye- th of-he- r; her 'hands to the spindle and her hands hold the distaff;" "she maketh fine linen and selleth it," and so on. Here upon the farm in the new house ' her second son was born, Dec. 25, 1831. The young couple cleared seventy acres of the new land and made a splendid farm. They made up their minds to acquire wealth by dint of hard They were labor, industry and perseverance united in the endeavor to make their home comfortable and pleasant, and the young wife performed her part well, agisting her husband as much as possible. Sister Presendia says, "I primed all the sasn tor pur house, maae me ' putty, set the glass and painted the whole house inside and a3 far outside as I could reach, Mr. Buell finishing where I could not; reach." In the fall of 1833, she repainted the while parlor floor; hqr little boy Sila3 run in the paint was still wet and left the prints of his little feet; she had good cause to rememberthis circumstance, and it imprinted itself firmfor on the 13th of y upon her heart after, November a terrible accident occurred by which the little one lost his life. The mother had been boiling down cider in a very large brass kettle, and this having been removed to another room, the little boy went in and acciburned and "died:, dentally fell so that he was thirteen hours after the injury. Sister Presendia ays, "no one but a mother can realize the the sorrow of an accidental death." This was The mother s end of happiness at the farm. fulhealth gradually failed; she was unable to fill the daily duties devolving upon her, and counsel it was considered advisable to get the from of some physician. Mr. Buell was going it. was home on business to Adams village, and see a docdecided to take Mrs. B. with him to could not re-- , tor - Mrs. B. was so ill that they at turn home, and at the house of.Dr. Baggs, to Lofain, on the return route, she wasobliged remain Here she was so low that her lather was conand mother were sent for. Mrs. B. was fined with a son, who died the same day it bornMarch 8, 1834; it was named Thomas was previously Her parents, Dymick. much stated, were strict Presbyterians, believing 'when my in the efficacy of prayer. She says, and tender father left me he said, in a feeling the Son of Righteousness anse-- r ntrQ' and I felt he never However,-throug- h - -expected to see mc again': . - the very turf I tread ." t..;j m,.rtftl fnrm shall Klnmbcr with the dead. And, resting on its cold and crumbling pillow, Shall no mbro feel tho toss of passion's billow; ;fHie-isr and hand, no moro'hTvepbwer to. move, -To thoughts of mercy xn: to deeds oflove, Should I this lingering moment consecrate 'r To thoughts unkind or deeds of scorn or hate . If it lc true and this I surely know, That I shall reap the very kind I sow, That I must stand alono not for another,not for my brother; j, And answctformyself waste I my life in fruitless care, Then should For what another's conscience has to bear, Save, if I may,, to bear some humble rart, To lift the burden from an aching heart? Buffalo Sunday Courier. - 1 d . - A VENERABLE WOMAN. LA.THKOP KIMBALL. PRE3EXDIA. . Continued. The youth of Sister Presendia was passed in comparative seuiusiuu, m ub town where she was born." The advantages of education enjoyed at that early period were few and in remote districts such ss Watertown, the'people were only taught to read, write and and geography. gpell and a little arithmetic This was considered quite sufficient, especially for girls. Presendia Huntington had a mmd with the most., deep enough to have grappled ot abstruse studies, but such was not the order she was the day when she was young, therefore conditions compelled to submit to the existing althirsted soul of the times, while her whole were ter knowledge and intelligence. ..Girls deits details and taught housewifery in all to spin and partments. They were also taughtamusements weave, to knit and sew. horseback were mostly dancing and riding on and simple and Everything was very primitive In thoe done in the most economicaknanner, .he . v oung woman, ne . -- t m au . i nH ahp. was lUCllUCU pronrani n though not . , - kspiritual anu xcy"--of her declaration as to a religus nounced, 4. .i nnrmnint.Prl Willi sue oecamo sentiments. Norman Buell. a young "S-ability- ana rcnterprise, and ? 1 "" If jear ?Vwn York, man different to a facturer, and h "V anything his wife bad De" she was inclined her own home on a farm, that to be urihappyon account the) were worldly point of view tor, on account ot hnt ef tea iin ? lift. b mw.wiL' but she did not to health, restored HOOU Mr Bueff 5 nu- fcji ca- - a-- s i'i:B':M. Jft of Bevcnteen. ' nursiiiir uuu. wish to his farm and rented a woolen factory m lorain, .. resuming his favorite employment. the About this time, Sister Presendia says, m that ministers of the different denominations with them to unite vicinity tried to persuade the church, each one presenting his particular P n5?iT Yiswi, dirous to bays thsa .. - To be continued.' V WHICH IS MOST VALUABLE. am, sadly conscious that thousands of; mothers are so over burdened that the actual demands of life, from day to day, consume all -their time and. strength. But "of two evils choose the least;" and which would you call the least, an unpolished stove, or an untaught whose confiboy? Dirty windows, or a child ? Cobwebs in dence you have failed to gain the corner, or a son over whose soul a crust has formed so strong that you nespair oj men- with your hot tears and your fervent I . init - prayers? I have seen a woman who was absolutely ignorant of her children's habit of thought, who never felt that she could spare a half hour to read or talk with them I have seen this woman spend ten minutes in ironing a Tt sheet there were "six in the washin g oxiq the tour in fluting tho ruiWca and arranging white suit; puffs of- her little girl's, "sweet which were tins thirty minutes in polishing minutes in already bright and clean; forty because : tea for frosting and decorating a cake . "company" was expected. , orthodox a mother good When that the Great White before shall twn appear Tl,no- to ho ludcred lor "the ueeus uwie m. the body," and to give in her report of the Master's treasures placed, in her care there will be questions and answers, like these: "Where are the boys and girls I gave theei IlOUSC" - - .n'n Uaw in Irooninnf niV . clean and in order, and my children wandered it T away!" - . "Where wert thou while thy sons 'and thy lessons of dishonesty, daughters were learning malice, and impurity?'' "Lord I was polishing furniture and ruining drcsses;"and making beautiiui rugs i "What hastlhou to show for thy The tidiest- house, Lord, and the best l -starching and ironing in all our neighborhood . iuujv-v"-v i, yni . tnese cnuuiuuanu uui gins"restless, eager hoys devote more than our own lives! Shall we our time and strength to that.whiclipenslietli, while the rich garden of our child's soul lies Prml wooila olinkinrr out all v" ; Shall a,0,, we ex- negiecn;u,wn'""" beautiful growths? and worthy. ..... life-work- .'. -- ii. j i. mrtimni'i t in i in i.i luu i. mu. v.. out of that work purpose, to the shutting the stars. , whoso results reach beyond childFleeting oh mother, are the days of hood- and speckless windows, snowy linen, the consciousness that everything about the will be house is faultlessly bright and clean wherein we shall dispoor comfort in that day cover that our boy'sjeet have chosen tho. path -to all Iharaairtahim out of thom Womni eternity. ffrte . re- many sad return to the"farm, there were too Mr. Buell sold collections connected with it. . v . - tK If MHt: !ene&th - dipu.? Nor gold the power to purchase paradise. Tf ihn i!ftt and Door. an hoinblo asido from doer, y Xor tu rn If he would seek his children's happiness, Why in my labor should I venture lees?.. Kathpr-ieTPHnft-wpf- lieve as heiid. But Mr. and Mr3. Buell believed they were all wrong, and stood aloof About , the same time a rumor-reach- ed from all. them of a "golden Biblebeing found native .r in the "Hill Cumorah" In "their . own State. ... The v looked upon it as another remuch ligious speculation, for they- had seen of "deception and wickedness among professors notice religion, and therefore took very little Of the report. . In the summer of 1835, while .residing in Lorain, Sister Presendia says, 'my mother came to visit me and' brought the 'Word of Wisdom' in writing, it had not yet been printthe ed, and she gave me the first intelligence of taken Prophet Joseph Smith and the record from the Hill Cumorah. I felt it was true, and thought I would keep the Word of Wisdom and obtain the blessings promised", chTnery, and business and returned to hi3 father V in Red raond, Jefferson Co., N. Y. The estate of Mr. Buell's father being settled soon after, he received his and bought W . 