W 42 -- CEXES C KIMBALL'S JOUKXAI, r VTm f Vhtrhrlle ars. There were mv sonsj- . . ." battler ill n'Jjfi - demons United-- State : . "W ChaflesIG :Kicn anawrgeinierjiiesA, -- mi on thewlne asked" by-PrPrattrVfrlF Pr , 35V 48". exclaimed Thatcher, "that's not Brigham" that's William Miller, one of -- !" my old neigh bors. said that : his house." the officers had been watching "Sunday, December 28th, Meeting at half past ten o'clock this day in the attic story of A very large con'. , the Temple. some of the side rooms gregation was present, V About two hundred ... were filled.. persons were present, clothed .in priestly garments. President Young addressed the meeting, it having been opened with prayer by P. P. Pratt arid singing the songs of Zion, "The morning breaks, the shadows flee," and "Come "tome, etc" President Young desired them to be wise and do honor to the cause they had -reproach upon the espoused, and bring-n- o character of Him who has given us of the -things of His kingdom liberally, r "The keys of the Priesthood are for the purpose of impressing on the mind the order of the creation. Adam's name was more ancient than he was. It was the name of a man long before him who enjoyed the Priesthood. After his fall another name was given to The order and ordiAdam. nances prove the principles taught in the Bible. First, men shonld love their God su- premly. Liberty and happiness will never shine upon meu until they learn these principles. The love which David and Jonathan had for each other was. the love of the Priesthood. God is a person- age of tabernacle. The Son is a personage of tabernacle. The Spirit, or Holy Ghost, is also t: a personage,: but not a personage of tabernacle, but a personage of Spirit. God dwells in eternal burnings puis his hand through the vail and writes on the wall. And any person who goes through these ordinances, unless they " cleanse their hearts and sanctify themselves! and sanctify the Lord it will damn them. We shall not be able tohave another public meeting here on account of tho weight on the floor it has already caused the walla to crack, prevents the doors from shutting and will the roof. I see here 200 persons, and the wood is to be supplied as follows 1000 men, or as many as can be obtained, to . r )-- in-ju- re . : i " ' - y. . - . to-da- -- To he Continued. Elder Orson Hyde came in, ins:. "Uoon hearing this the landlord went, and tapping the sheriff on the shoulder, took him a few steps to one side, and said, "You have made a mistake. That is not Brigham Young; it is William Miller of Nauvoo." "The Marshal, very much astonished, exclaimed, 'Good heavens,, and he passed for Brigham !" He then took Bro. Miller into a room, and turning to him, said, "What in h is the reason you did not tell me your name?" "You have not asked me my name," Bro. Miller replied. "Well, what is your name?" said the sheriff, 'with another oatlw "My name is William Miller." "I thought your name was Brigham Young. Do you say this for a fact?" "Certainly I do," returned Bro. Miller. "Then," said the marshal, "why did you not tell me that before?' "I was under no obligation to tell you," replied Miller. '.'The marshal, in a rage, walked out ot the room, followed by Bro. .Miller, who walked off in company with Lawyer Edmonds, Sheriff Backenstos and others, who took him across lots to a place of safety; and this is the real . birth of tne story of "Bogus Brigham." They never believed for a moment that Brigham or his brother Apostles were guilty .oi counterieiung. it was only an excuse got- - ten up for the want of a better one to drive the "Mormons" .to desperation, that they might have an excuse for exterminating them; for then they were looked upon as a dangerous foe " in a political point of view, the same as they, are Dec. 2Gth. "At about half past six p.m.," lie writes, "Sheriff Backenstos came to the ttu, " - 'Ohrh- - uuuu, the wine was passing aruuuu wufi - "Adam Ondi Ahraan." "Elder Kimball next spke cautioned the brethren and sisters against telling that the' Twelve were in the "Temple. Alluded to the stories in circulation that several persons had been killed on their way through the ordinances, etc., etc. After which a hymn wa3 Goddard r iungTelnJedTbyBrother; S. IL when they John Kay and William Cahoon, in nraver. Elder John Taylorbeinj? nnif mouth, and the congregation was dismissed by nrtri Hvde. 7A t five o'clock President Young and H. C. Kimball, assisted by their wives and Sister Whitney, washed and anointed for their health their three little children, whose names are John Willard Young, Brigham Willard Kimhall and Mary Jane Whit" ney." 'Just at dark three of the dragoons stationed at Carthage came in with a man named Noah Miller whom they wished to deliver un to the proper officers. He was charged with . swindling several persons out of their proper-tyThey brought a letter from Major Warren, the commanding officer, the tenor of which was aa above. This is on .file among President Young's papers, "President ' Young and his wife and child, Elder H. C. Kimball and wife and child, andjeveral other persons remained in the Temple over night." : V . to be 40 IT to the islands and cut wooa, ana eend trams to go and draw it to the Temple unul '. ; 1000 cords have been obtaineil.' "Glorious of things "They sang the hymn, Amasa Lyman, thee are spoken.'-- ' Prayer by Passed around. flaiiinsr blessing on the bread. . partments and made .inquiries ly examined the portraits as 'to where they were severally, but obtained no correct information. He was requested to take off his boots in the preparation room, which request he complied with. After remaining about a half an hour he departed. About two o'clock he returned in company with' Sheriff Backenstos and a gentleman whom the Marshal introduced to us as from New Orleans. They visited the middle room and the tower and departed in about a half an hour. ' Doctor Bernhisel came in about one o'clock had borrowed the "New York Sun" of December 9th,. 1815, which, contained . aL letter said to have been written by Emma :" Smith to the 'Editor. Elder Orson Pratt has been engaged in makastronomical calculations from several obing servatories he makes the latitude of Nauvoo yelling and shouting, exclaimed, "We've got him, we've got him, we've got him !" '. the 3Iarshal "When they reached Carthage ' took the supposed Brigham into an; upper room of the hotel, and placed a guard oyer him, at the same time telling those around that they had got him. Brother" Miller remained in the room, until they bade. him come to supper. While there parties came in one after the other, and'nsked for Brigham Bro. Miller was pointed out to them.. So it continued until an apostate Mormon, by the name of Thatcher, who bad lived in Nauvoo, came in and sat down and asked the landlord where Brigham was. "That is Mr. Young," said the landlord, pointing across the table to Bro. Miller. " Where? I can't see any one that looks like Brigham," Thatcher replied. The landlord told him it was that fleshy man, eat- - y r. beared and - theMarshab Brig-hamreally thought that he had got "Brother Lawyer Edmonds, who was staying at the Mansion House, appreciating the joke, ' volunteered to Brother Miller to go to Carthago with him and see him safe through. When they arrived within two or three miles of Carthage, the Marshal, with his posse, stopped. They arose in their carriages, buggies and wagon, and, like a tribe of Indians going to if- - the- y- were-apack- rof KiM of the Twelve present at the Temple except At fifteen minutes past ten Orson Pratt. o'clock the United States . Deputy Marshal from Springfield, by the name of Roberts, came to the Temple in company with Almon W Babbit. He was freely admitted to every access part of the Temple to whichthe roof, and into . He went into the tower, on dethe attic story; passed through the various into the east room where he intent- kindlyi)utJnadeno-reply- 5 or-- as a r O Ja "Saturday7-7t- h. lir - . , the Twelve ana tr. .uuier. ' :1I G.: ham Joseph A and Brig .'uthers-whwere looking d, Kimball's boys, aud and understand to Wee on, and all seemed at followed the participate in the joke.- They and gathered carriage to the Mansion House in their with tears Miller eyes, around Brother where are saying, father, or President Young, looked at them you going? Brother Miller jr-Brt- E 8 -- - gave - 1 .11 ... . me oracc ruuia Xeaipie wai admitted to oung H. t. Had conferen'c wiOUWlent John TayKimball, Orson Hyde, l P. Pratt, A- - south, lie; lor, Araasa Lrman and George - DrNAtJVOOXP INCIDENT FKOM IL 0 M A jS DRAPER PRIMARY. Editor Woman's Exponent: : Felt, yesterday, accompanied by general President of the Primary Associations, and Mrs. Ellen S. Clawson, Stake President, I attended the Annual meeting of the Primary Association of South Willow r Creek, Draper, Mrs. Smith and counselors presiding. In both sessions, forenoon and afternoon, after the usual opening exercises, the time was Mrs.-Loui- e recitations by- - the children, with shor addresses by lihe- Preei--den- t interspersed and la'dy visitors present. The recitations were well selected and well rendered, and all was conducted in such quiet, good order as reflects much credit on the presiding Board. The influence felt was delightful, and truly exhilarating the interest never flagged. The fixed attention of the children during all the exercises was particularly1 pleasing, and very remarkable. One strikingly interesting feature of the day was, that quite a respectable number of young lads and lasses,'boys and girU nearly grown to manhood and womanhood, members of the Association, who, for the sake of the great benefits to be derived from these educational opportunities, manifest a nobility and superiority of character far above many of their age, for they do not think it beneath their dignity to be associated with little children. We had the proof of the benefits they are securing to themselves before us. The girls efficiently led in singing one of the boys dismissed the meeting in the forenoon, another made the opening prayer in the afternoon, and another, when asked by the president if he haoV a recitation prepared, answered in the' nega tive; he then arose and made a very nice extempore epeech; which amply atoned for the omission. These boys and girls are preparing themselves for future usefulness and honor. .. jg jj ' g ' ' Lake Salt 1883. I Cjty, Aug. 11th, occupied with - " - - 