WO MA f As we stood hr3c where Joseph small chip covered with blood, and which he still has in lib pos- - 7 well-curb- lell Kordcpicked up " ' ' ' -- " " mw9J : 1 . . Rock yMou ntains.- -- Thoughrthell there tlirough the winter I felt no encouragement to continue taking le3- , sons, though father tried to stimulate me to go on, and said, to encourage me, that they should have the necessary material taken to mauufac-- turc pianos and I should have one, but I knew that . I would forget it all; and we little "thought of its being so long before we got to piano-remaine- d our destination. : . T'J be Contin ued. i .. - COTTAGE HOSPITALS. -- . JQjhe FROM "WOMEN AT WORK." England is far in advance of this country in her provision ib r her care of the si ck. i n small cities and towns, and the system of Cottage Hospitals there in operation, is one which-wmay study with advantage and adopt with : rr ' great benefit to the fick. - Our cities-ar- e, in general, well Suplarge with plied hospital; accommodations, but the smaller cities, and larger towns are lamentably deficient in thi3 respect. Concerning the desirability of providing these places with small hospitals, there can be no question. Especial- ly are they needed. in Jhe larger manufacturing towns, in which many of the employees, are without a home, living in boarding places and in case of accident or disease are but poor ly provided for, and many lives are lost in consequence of improper, care. Any physician practicing in these towns well knows how unsuitable are these boarding places for the care of the sick, and often finds his labors will be of no avail in face improper conditions which surround I113 patient. How diffierent would be the result, if the sick or injured could be removed at once to a quiet home-lik- e cottage hospital, where, with a trained nurse in charge, and aitended by the physician of his choice, he would also have all the resources of the hospital at his command! The value, of these small hospitals has been well tested in England, during the paj t twenty years, and their simplicityr the and ready adaptability to the need3 cf country life, have won for them a - ; of-th- e -- homelike-surr- oundings, ixtl. oiie modaiipns73yho.;-ar- t H"; to : rav a small sum afecok 1 f A J l care and nursing thus provided. :T outlay U not required, A-larg- . e - sar y bu ihl induced noLbl-fiJarul,., the ayerareost of-cottag- 4,000 to -- SOyUOO each. iiS a cpacity; wiilMir lrenr$J( land and of Tn e" LI1I wilhnf I . i i I I - 1 1 ! i i iiii f jr thenepeT; pvtHTFT: lunUX iiowjiJexpncf---l twentyive--beik-io- fj " oi-- course, the cost of rW structioti will vary with the location. ImLfW building, I j -- 1 ..now Ttieprivcd of their e vI arery-inr-Tol- au(1 I 4 f t upwards, too poor to establish and maintain i one of these small institutions. I A small hospital managed by ladies has been ia "successful operation at Pitlsfielli, Mass., for several - years, another U eontemv plated at Newton, while a third, intended Civ s pecially for children, has ju.st been established at Baldwinville, in the same State. 'Thia is a work tor which ladies are well adapted, and much of the nergy now lying idle, or exerted in wrong directions, might be' profitably ex- : pended in the establishment and of cottage hospitals in every town of K,00(Hn-habitant- s in this country. The plan of operation may be very simple, a small building, in a good location, can be rented u n til d esirable . to bu i fd , and' a- - nurse -placed in charge, with a woman in the kitchen, and such other help as may be needed. The physicians of the vicinity will, I have no doubt, be ready and willing to'eboperate, and can arrange their attendance so as not to interfere with other en tracrements. Each nhvsician is expected to take charge of the patient? sent by him to the hospital, - it is r and in England x 7 customary to appoint one or more of the medi- yn awn, 111 ruiuLiun, wiiuse uuiy it 1? to iooii ..after all the : cases in the hospital requiring especial attention in the absence of their medical director, as he is -The - physician. called, is not to prescribe, except in an emergency, for any bu t h is own jxati en ts, bu t is' to carry out the wishes of his colleague, who is to visit the patients under his care daily, and order any alterations he may deem desirable. L. W. Baker, M. I). ' , cv - - - ' e ? v M-S,- advantages, many of. whom "would b - , -- . -- . ....... . parents annually largo class wou Id. bejidejdwith: JiStnHcT1 on-Ma- : lthSciulC- - ne be-ge- - : uuuu tt'.r: thr ir i h cou Id raUy4mHnt1 beTTncalcuable and 'i verv try, its value would z ' . ::,uig. u.mjih : contribute at jnaiutenance to hanw r I was a passionate lover of music, and had sojonged jbithap the piano," and this I enjoyed during the summer of IS 15. I hail an accomplished lady - tea ch erw hoi i ad received tlie"G oipel in Lon- - ' doir. My first, lessons were given me on a small piano standing in a milliner shop, whiclin m was owned by the Miss Grays, then "jiving btreet. One of them is now Mrs, IlUmel, who has; a large millinery establish men t on Street -in this city. . My teacher wouhL. Main , r. ' oi ten praise my a p tnes3 m - leammgnajmiyz ;tome; Vou 'wil 1 go ahead of me, Miss Helen, for you have a voice to sing, which I never had." ; President Bri2uam.Y0u.hi: hadjoinaiL -pianoand"invit'ed me to cometo his house and practice with his daughter Yilate,.who, though younger than myself, had had previous advantages, but was rather indifferent, and he thought if I practiced with her she would take a greater interest. Their' piano stood in Sister Young's room, and her health being very to rrhaveitrought lo our poor he proposed ' house when the upper part was. done. This pleased us both immensely.. I never became weary of practicing until after I heardjt was decided that we were to be broken up and . l it-an- grand Constitution wlueh we had learned revere. IxonM oir And no heed was paid to the wailiifg solemn ot an the nor the: bereaved; prayers - oppressed, weak and defenceless people, bu t they were driven out jvith the supposition and the hope that they would perish from destitution,, cold, aud hunger. I copy the following incidents from mv father's journal: May '2Sth-'daythe timbers were raising in the attic story of the Temple, on the dome or steeple. ., "May 29th. Spent, a short time at .Bishop Whitney's hadajrood time-t- al kinir of. trie In the evening met of salvation. with my brethren at Willard Richard Volfice. har--'-mon- y warm nlaco ,n the regard oHhe EnglR J!e!LYu-Jiondrttlv:.aufifty cottage' hon,'t,L I - ; T ' ' a XP ON KN adbrded us no little amount of fun and amusement. The lnt "year spent in Xau wo, thou :gfiT wa not all g a j nes and t U'l ighy was tire It vehVfrrmd I .tooknnrrrreTtl pTeaTu re, and can look back to my association I ever"" Jhexo ivuh Witrhf'jit. and "experienced in tfntt city. "PltnuuVei session, thou'trh thebll2ilii Jiaril ble nearly thirtv-nine- . Years having elapsed since that awful tragedy was enacted, and hefrfeTbren upon the islands of the sea, far those who had gone west, for the sick,, and for union. Great union prevailed." "May 30th. ! Sister Sarah M. Ivimbalbcame and took myself and wife in her buggy. I got out at Warsaw street. Went to General T Hich's. Charles , : Then to Elder John Taylor's," where I found the T wel ye. William Smith wasiiissatisfied, otherwise the Twelve were one. Tookdinner with Elder Taylor. "Mother Smith came, in to our tionncil at 2 o'clock to express her feelings before the Twelve called us her children. The feelings of the Twelve were expressed by our President towards the families of the Smiths that we would do all that we could for them. "Sunday, June 1st. I went to the stand I was called wa3 opened. Meeting " Snoke one half hour. upon to speak. John Taylor followed, then President Brigham -Young spoke for some time. There was much joy among the Saints, a3 we had not been on the stand before for three weeks -- had been obliged to hide up. In the evening met at Elder Richard's fur prayer prayed, for rain, had a good time and broke up at half past ' one iu the morning." That day was my mother's 39th birthday, which my father mentions in his journal. The: 2nd day of June he speaks of five of the Seventies coming to dig his cellar, and says: "We had a fine shower in answer to prayer. We p raised tlie Lord fo rJLl k grea t good ness. -2nd day. Began to lay stone in. my cellar. : The day pleasant all peace arid in our city." About two years previous to .this," a brick : addition was made to our log house. The log part wa3 now torn down and a two story one of brick built in its place. Father had purchased a good house and lot adjoining ours of ' Brother John Tibbits. and presented it to my brother William. The chamber of it we oc- -' cupied until the upper part of ours was finished and painted, containing a parlor, two bedrooms and' a. clothes-pres- s to each, with hall. The largest room, with exeptioirofthe was mine, with two large windows, one parlor, . z . .1 openea to tne soutn and the . other east, towards the Temple. The rooms on the basement were very similar. The hall passed east and west, front door opening towards the river, and over it was a large stone on which my father had his name engraven. Thiswas the first nice house that he had been able to build us, his time having been previously engaged in the Father's vineyard with". his brethren, the Apostle3, and then, much of the time they were obliged "tcTTceep themselves hidden or disguised to escape writs being served on them. They had to - adopts difierent disguises, which were sometimes very droll and ludicrous, E .and- 'whu-- , ft v'lxiiiCt'rui- - thTs N?S 4 Elizabeth Manning Hawthorne. Miss Elizabeth Manning Hawthorne, the eldest sister of Nathaniel Hawthorne, died recently, at the residence of Mr. Appleton, at Mount Serrat, Beverly, Mas., at the age of eighty retired iite ior inu years, one ha3 lived past thirty years m the oJdJiomesteadjrhere she died. She was the eldest child of Nathan- iel and Elizabeth'Manning Hawthorne, whos9 children were Elizabeth Manning, Nathaniel the poet, and Maria Louise Hawthorne. The youngest sister was lost on the steamer Henry 1 Clay, several years ago. Elizabeth was a lady .of pronounced literary tate3 and liberal culture. She was a writer, and was given to, much study, but so far as i3 known lias never given any of the fruits of her genius to the world. She wa3 two years older than her gifted brother, wdio often said of her that - she could attain greater fame than he had done, if she wonld apply herself to literary pursuits. An ardent admirer of., nature, she was content to retire among the woods and flowera which she loved. . " 