Ea iY H Wo must bo free,. and a man who drinks is 135 not .TJrSOri-- - PONE NT. governea asTthe-:motherrn- SGHOOMOOM CROWDING ot as the rthe influence" ch'cap.Jitcralure;.lwd;1uoa"ih'c the glories .peaCfcmpare' - mind. We LWantrto live, by the light, power 2111,1 of her with that which" reign and : knowledgo of God. His work will grow precede and that which followed. :Ko won-(J::uid Jlk, lhq whole world. the British-peopl- e rejoice when the sceptre ia no for the wicked or hope; There prospect .passes into the hands of a"WOman?7" of them over being able to overcome this work. Teturn t0 her Ascription of Victoria: Singing. Benediction by Presto James tone finds time for all she wishes to do, and the '.- -'Hart. . means from her allowed incomer. She is never The afternoon was occupied by the Primary debt- - She is liberal in her charities, and, - - A ccnfM.it.inns. irom .herown-priva- te " ' purse Statistical and Financial Kenort of thn many deserving ; perlons, including many Belief Societies of the Bear Lake Stake of literary ladies of England. -- -six the for months Zion, ending December 31, . Compare Victoria's character and conduct : :, 1882. V .since she came to. the throne with the best Statistical: Teachers, 1.33; members, 481; sovereign of her royal line. The Georges I officers and total members, G37; meetings held, and II were hardly above the brutes; we would Church yi; average, attendance, 23G; not bring thU excellent queen into papers, comparison 103; Woman's Exponent, 35, ;Y'"V with such men. Nor with George IV, the Financial: On hand at date of last report, profligate sensualist, who disgraced the title of cash, $83.75; property,- $646.81; wheat, 342 1 "gentleman' nor with William IV. bushels, 55 pounds. Receipts: Cash, $286.94; : But we will take him who has been vaunted ' 24 55 as the good king, George III. He was narrow bushels, property, 668.9; wheat, pounds. To the needy, cash, $43.48; Dispursements: minded, cruel and selfish. It is notorious that he delighted in signing death warrants, and property,'$31,94; to the Temple, cash, S281.57; To home $13.15. property, never would grant a pardon - to the condemned industries, cash, $34.55; property, $6.82; to books, cash, $4.50; unless driven .by -- the greatest importunities. missionary, cash, $13.00; building, cash, $21.65; Victoria pardons even against the remon&4.UU. strances of her advisers; and so painful to her property, On hand: Cash, $161,70; property, $1257,70; is the signature ot her name to the death wheat, 759 bushels, 3 pounds. j.. penalty that she ha3 been relieved from -- the Plenty - V jnprentiLJt ;lfr , . et?0 f has-pensio- . hed FEOM nOF MRS.-SAR-AH -J- flSEPIIA-JTA TlEmnn ILLUSTRIOUS WOMEN. rUBLISHED, 1853. Victoria, Queen of England, was crowned 23th of June, 1838. From that time onward, there has been no diminution in her zeal; every duty devolving on her, every form prescribed, every custom , held important in the old and cumbrous British government she has performed, observed, and cherished. She has been the model of female royalty. But this is a trifling matter, compared with the salutary infiuencejher high principles, refined taste, and graceful propriety of manners'have wielded over ' those who give tone to fashionable! society in England Vice and folly retire abashedjrom - her presence. Great Britain is governed by laws, but the ruler is not amenable to the laws. Hence the importance that the sovereign should show obedience to the laws of God, from which the morality of all" Christian codes is educed. With wickedness on the throne, pollution in infidelity at the head of the church, how can the nation increase in piety, virtue and goodness? The great blessing of a female , reign is m its purity 01 court morals ana us decorum of manners. These strengthen the religious elements of human nature and give soul the supremacy over sense. ' This example of strict virtue on the British throne was imperatively needed; hence the Rreat blessing conferred by the reign oi era i moaei victoria, who is. inhef prmte-infor Tipr nonnio YTnof Yptp: in a footnote. Mrs. Hale says: "Queens have excelled kings in administration of civil government, not from superior powers of reason, but from a clearer , moral sense. Isabella I, was .the greatest and noblest ruler who has governed Spain, because 'she fait.hfLillvQU2htLt0qhtiv - limited 'education, as the wisest and best ruler who has held sway over the Germanic Empire, because sue labored" for the good of those she governed, not for her own personal indulgences. Elizabeth was the most able ruler of men and the most watchful for the welfare of her subjects on the . ' the-palace- , -- father-ofjGeor- .woman: Copied for the ExroxEKT by E. S. p. Brown's- lrnVnTa x C -" ll wall vu (l.n ' J nrimmonfonn tin; ccui3 vi Ilia day, and so succeed in driving away the re- collections of the scenes of suffering ho had witnessed scenes doubly distressing to. him because he believed, them to be in a great " . . . -- . Brown seized the poker, stirred the fire it glowed, and ihus beran: "It seemed that I stood before the gates of the Golden City and knocked for admission. A voice cried out, 'Who's there?' 'Brown,' said I. 'Too indefinite;' and the form of St. l eter appeared" above the gate with a large f , . I thought I had only to wait to the cashier's desk and draw my dividend. 'Well! what good havexyou done down there?' said the saint; nodding jn the direction of the World. This dampened my ardor. I remembered that I had received, on one occasion, three votes for deacon of. onr church-Mha- t I was a director in a horse railroad; that I put my name on to all these seemed to suit the atmosphere of the " an Ixvnntrtro? tv pnlnfr'7 in wTiipTi T iroa school-house built in my say that I had a ward. ' ' Ti. jfciiU : : ,1 LTUUU - i i. tUIUL, T, 1. j J1UU 1 UUCU X : UU.lU'TxlU- - tcntly upon a group of children playing on the sunny bank, suddenly turned to me and said : 'What kind of one? I wished that I had had with me some ot the plans we have in our -- board. They look so fine upon paper, and so much like ii rope-walor tenement house, when put into brick and mortar. I described P. S. No. 505 to the best of my ability. 'Xothing like it in these parts said he; 'how 'many do you put m a school?' 'That depends said I. 'Depends on what?' said he, in a tone of voice that made my knees tremble. 'Upon how many want to come I replied. 'What do you do when the rooms are full?' he then asked. 'Make additional ones out of the play rooms 1 answered.. 'Where do the children then play?' he inquired, in a tone I did'nt like; " . but I plucked up courage and answeredt'Thcy don't come to school to play but to learn.' I said' this all the bolder because it wasn't original with me. " When-thesare fullwhat do you do then?', he asked, in a .tane that indicated that he he had me cornered. 'Put them in thought i 1. rl . . rl iYin ftnlwa ' T cold nmfa k, . The universities of Norway are now open to women, and any Norwegian girl may strive for .the highest degrees that her country has to offer as a reward for scholarshipr - searcn. 'uccupationrrhe askea.Merchant, I replied. 'Brown merchant said the good saint, running his finger down the page; iNot here;' and he seemed about to close the. book. 'School trustee added, in a hesitating tone. He turned again to the book. Running his finger-dowthe page, he said, 'Brown, trustee x . kj. .iiu. uw xiiuba it, tuiu x, fcuuuen- - - . - . ge v : His warfapast measure preventable : :i !' Contrary to. expectation, .he found Brown taciturn, sober, blue. He rallied him on his gloominess, when Brown exclaimed: 'Kow, " doctor, I know you'll laugh, and tell , me to avoid late suppers; but the, fact is, I have had a dream, and cannot shake off the impression it has "made. It ha3 set me thinking," and Brown thrust his hands in his pockets, dropped his chin upon his chest and Fazwlstrnilv fit the fire in the grate. "It wants an hour to dinner, and I have no engagement, so let me hear the wonderful -- T.TC fi sympathies. , ; . EXTRACTS. . vu-iv-- u.? - duty, though the delight of the pardoning power she holds firmly. Ot the manner in which their respective sen-- timents of honor ; and honesty contrast, the following, from-th- e pen of an English gentleman, ,will testify: "Frederick, Prince of Wales, III, died considerably in debtr of which his son, such as he was, never paid a farthing. So much' for George III, as a son; let us look at him as a father. No sooner wa3 George, Prince of Wales, (afterwards George IV) born, than his father laid hands on the Duchy of . Cornwall and all other property to which his son was entitled, appropriated the rents and profits thereof to his own use, and never accounted to the latter for any part of them whatever (as he was bound to do pn his son's coming of age), but sent the son to Parliament for the payment of his debts!" How different the conduct, of Victoria! With an income of not more , than half the amount of that possessed by Jhejr grandfather, , George III, her almost" first acton coming to the throne wa3 to pay her father's the Duke of Kent's) debts out of her own privy purse; and on the birth of her son, (the Prince of Wales) she had 'hU Duchy and other property put into the, hands of responsible cammission- ers to be protected and made the most ef for him r till lie a3 of age. It is impossible" to study carefully the manifestations of character in the sexes, without seeing on every side proofs of the superior moral endowments of 4he female. Woman is the conservator of truth and purity; the first teacher and best example of the Christian virtues. When God, by whom "kings reign," exalts woman to the government of a great kingdom, we are led to believe it is for the purpose,; of : promoting the best interests ofrirtue, religion, and There was never a time when social happiness. moral power might be so effectively and gloriously employed as at the present. The emtire phsy-ical force is crumbling into ruins. It is fitting; that the reign of feeling and intellect, of in dustry and peace, should be ushered in by . , his- v;;.. Secretary. Secretary, II. S. . - , Julia Budge, Assistant uia-AM- close of a. Jilarch day,-D- r. Toby wa3 - retuminrr trnm lut rmm; rtl.;3 Ti;- tients that day were mostly children. Scarlet -f- ever, measles, diphtheria, ophthalmia in var-- , taxed his skill and ionrhed . ious forms; had er . Elizabetii Pcgmire, iiiiECTOi: ur.owN.ii . -- , - e ; 