Tie Eights of, the Women of Zion, and ' ,Yoi . it . . SALT. "LOVE TRE VAILS OVER ALL" Inthe - The tkits bead down with tendereet blue, More golden letxa the hoars;. All nature takes a .brighter hne, the flowera. s Deejer fhtgrancp . Tho IjrppK', Mid- Yhlsp4 y -- LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 1, 1883. w feei-tho- tal And oh ! may these phantoms forever remain Undimmed, and unclonded on heart, or on bialn, Till tba glory of fleaven burets full on my view, And to earth and its magnates I waft an adieu. The Tolce of bird, and the flower's bloom, ; JMjstic rustling of the pines Breathes musi glad with mjihearl ia4nn, ', ' As I kneel at lore's pure shrine. " -- MISCELLANEOUS Tbo meadow is donning brightest robe, And down in the earth's dark monld, Numberless agents, busy at work, Are producing green and gold. .' As soon aa we divorce love from the occupa-tiqn- s of life, we find that labor degenerates into drudgery. Whijipfe. The grave is a very small hillock, but we can see farther from it, when standing on it, than from the highest mountain in a 1 the' world. Tholuch , 1 ; I Fairies are spinning gossamer thrt-ad: 'Weaving strange fabrics of art; Xore, a palace Is rearing Instead, ' v Down In the depths of mj heart. - 7 The world Is lovelier, lairer far, -Than ever to mo before; Since In mj heart.has risen loTcVstav 'Why need I on earth crave more? . . - once said, "if temperance education can prevail;" and prerail 3 "the are the of the antagonists public schools." It is proposed to haye ready fur the 10th of November next, the anniverthe of Martin birth sary pf Luther, a colossal bronze statue of the great reformer, to be placed in front, of the Memorial Lutheran Churcb in Washington. : If women could vote in Illinois, would Hitt jiave dared to present a resolution to disfranchise the women of Utah and Wyoming? For a foir answer to this let Mr, Hitt move to disfranchise the negroes, the Irishmen, Germans or iome other clas3 in some part of the enfranchised kingdom, and, see how long it would take to drop his jiead into the political wastebasket. Ex. . Horace-Ma- four-hundred- ;bt hanxah t. kinq. 'Jllnslontfs the magic of real life." bt happiness I phantoms ' ofjojl ..::-- rhaqtpjbg h4t Iflog mb InCceeant delight! .. - , FhatiUins attending long' years of my life; -Pbi&tom tii&ding through sorrow or strife, : Thafccasi ofef taf senses veil, And through it id wEtopered a magical tale.i .. j rhantqms unfading where'er I may beV :J. ' ; Phantoms :dnfa4ing through all I may see; l J v If I climb thd!steep'moun tains they're close to my side, And Ih'the sweet talley most faUhfnl to glide. : " . ' --- At midnight, whehIeep has forsaken the eye, ; ' Tbelr'presehco I (eel is endearingly high . the stars they will surely be there,' And In 'mystical language, their mlssion'dcclare. ' ' "When Xf&i? 6h "Brange Utfti vodi phuiaatiBt impalrjable sweety - Should rcndec life's pleasures sfrvafitly c,pmplcte i r Strange that they fade not, though 'life's in decline, . 'doth'shino. Butasyear.s roll along, they the brighter ' I '" t '..j. j ' StrengQ that ycmng ltfe herer gaTo.mthU 97. ' I I ; Strange the,t they never bring ftny.alloy bo . will h&t this earth they I;kjkOW(oa Strange Immort&l--beyonnot able to see. - ; d. th Con-grcssm- idCtjits without anj alloy lr ra : Yet oft ln( my dreams of the future, I trace Among the .bright myriads some form or same face' . That once I'd a glimpse of while dwelling on earth, And In;(hoaci brief InomtnU gave mystical birth ' '. To.thoqghts ana Ideas, both of heart and of brain, Gave music as,tiough in i"Eoli&h strain; ; And M maile sounds sweet from a bark7 on the sea, Sd swet bn myesr were these strains nntd'me. j ;1 -- . it an one ot the TnAjrBAFFioNVoTEs.--I- n towns of Rhode Island larger manufacturing is a clique of voters called the "Rounders," who are in tho habit of watching the polls at elections, and just at the critical moment deposit their votes i for the party offering the h ighest bid thus often turning tho scales. At present it is reporteid that they are building somewhat on. the Sprague boom, and some of them have said they expect to command. twenty-dollars apiece for their ballot; it has five been reported in various papers that they stand-on- e hundred and fifty strong in the town. Wonder if there are one hundred and fifty ' women in that place who would sell their birthright for ft mess of pottage?- - .Ez. f . SCENES IN NAUVOO; AND INCIDENTS FROM H, C. KIMBALL'S JOURNAL. : ' ; Strange are the mysteries that girdle out life; Is rife! Strange aro the phantotasrwltlj which ihlt are ne'er the tells, Strange language whlsprlng8 That ecem to emerge from the soul's deepest cells ! id, rum-shop- PHANTASMAGORIA. Phantoms nn Superin-tendentThilbrick"sa- "trsirirr BY IIELEU' nAU WmTNEY. In our last article we mentioned the, circumstance of an Itklian brother making an all: his money ' to the Trustee in trust to carry the work on the Temple. r iT . . as-me- . . at a stand still for want of means,f and President Vnrm w t it i ViMn thA rt TirA faith and co on and the Lord jwould provide mean. On'thn day when Brother . Toronto laid down . his money the brethren were to me t in Cuuncil and consider the subject of means. President Young walked Into the council with the gold in his pocket, when they were debating the of the question work, and he said, giving up "Brethren, will you go on with the work and trust in the Lord?" And they were doubtful. When President Young scattered the gold over the room the brethren wero as much astonished could possibly be. Is not this a proof that the Lord provides means to carry on His work? Brother Toronto has since cumulated means and raised a family, been to Italy and Sicily, and in his native land, accomplished a good work. In the month of July, 1845, a large caravan came to our city. This was a rarity in that part of the country, and something that I had never seen, though T remember of one passing our house when we were living in Mendon, State of New York, just previous to our leaving there. I was then between 'four and five years old, and I teased my ma, and cried because she would not let me go with my brother William and others to see itShe-toldme- . that 1 was too little and I would have plenty of chances when 1 got older. I never heard of another till about a year afterwe came to Nauvoo. Then there was an opportunity for me to go, as William (who was living with Dr. F. G. "JVilliams, at Uj)per Commerce) came to take me to one, butfound me sick with a fresh attack of ague, and quite delirious to all around me, so that I knew nothing of it till it was oyer. .But now "there seemed nothing in the way to prevent my seeing a circus. I was Just putting on a white dress, I remember, as the caravan passed our house, the day being warm but otherwise it was very pleasant. My youthful anticipations were at their height, but alas for. our earthly hopes, I seemed doomed to disappointment, as they had no more than spread their canvas before a sudden wind storm came and blew it to the ground, and the rain come down in torrents, so that they could not put it up again, and came very near losing some of their animals. So I had to wait till I was considerably older before ray chances' came to witness, the circus, as we lef t the next February for the west, and I never again had this privilege till some vears after we came to Salt Lake; and by that, time my enthusiasm had considerably moderated, and I have long since become satiated with them. After the storm was over, I accompanied father aud others to see the animals, but the change in the weather obliged us to dress in thick clothing, and even mantles and overcoats were neceseary. Thus we find life is one of dish appointed hopes, till we haye learned to ourselves and become moderate in all " things then peace7 and pleasure is the natural result. The -f- ollowing interesting itemj I gather from my father's journal. wAuust4th, which was Sunday," he says, "President B. "Young preached in the forenoon, and warned theSaints to beware and not forget their God.". to - This 13 a warning we would do well y accept and profit by the same. 1 elec"Monday, '5th," ho savs, Vour county tion "was held. Had a bee the same day to rget wood for the Nauvoo House; had one K-- Father I My God! thee are whlsp'rings of Thee! ngh blind I can see. Though of earth,. I can In the phantoms I've note?, Thy hand I can trace, Filling up the dark corners with beauty and grace. - No. the. work' was almost completely My : i iri And we rise from the feast, as refreshed with new wine; We go forth, and the earth In new beauties doth 6hlnet - Our eon! feels-e-l agtk too light to retain A foot hold on earth, or with earth to remain I babbling rill, : gf Iqvq to me; The daMn.yveejbear the. same sweet song, ". Xrom ocean, or .dccp'hiae i ; A ; ofthe-WcniHbn- ta And these Yokes so subtle" breathe soft on the ear. Breathe into the heart with their heavenly cheer; Breathe Into the soal till It seems not of earth. And the brain by inhaling acquires a new birth.. . - fresh bloom of the apple tw, Eobioa Hog mtrfy this morn; Uf. heart U as happj as theirs can be, loVef to me Is jnet born. , V' For the-Eigk- Previous to this n ex-trem- ; res-trai- to-da- - ly - 