N' PRIMARY MEETING. : Editor EiroxENT; 7 It Is bo seldom the tj-p- ( - - uL.-Both- a, Sister Toone hoped the mothers would more ueiiuy attend tne weekly meetings. Asked children in thnntr tW ior their presenoe and invited them to come again. A vote . -- f thanks was tendered to Sister ivate Romney for her services at the organ. wonfereD adjouroed for be months, until - e, x. ; - ts " . .... ;,. o' mentsthough" at "the last anniversary she is so much sickness. .... foot-prin- TauJCulmer Sister Davis spoke a short time; hoped the children would remember that God saw them at all times. Sister Ferguson spoke to the children on health and the care of their bodies while there - ; 3 tation, Isabel Romney; Dialogue, Mary Smalie andE. JohnsoiirRe'ci tatioh , Beatie Fo wl er; Song, Martha Angel!;' Reading by Willard Petersen cl osed the exerciser. Sister Louie Felt said that she had had a rich treat; was glad to see so much improve- ; v.- BT&jfor mfght. navei llved-hapart with her child, but this "trial and the fierceness of herdesease was more than that widowed heart could bear. An hour Or bo before death her wftrn retnrned. and she called for pen and paper, and wrote a request for her brother to take care of her two Httfe ones she was about to leave without father or mother amTa-Etel- la Stewart died'Sept.T5th, at Mesa" City," fifteen aged years and one month. She was the daughter of Alvin F. and Eliza Stewart. . Mrs. Eliza Barnett Stewart, wife of Alvin F. Stewart and daughter of John and Eliza Barnett, died Sept. 19th, .1883, at Mesa City, aged thirty-siyears and a few days. Farewell, dear ones,' for awhile. Ob, how I had longed to see your dear faces once more on earth: lonely and isolated as we are the thought that you, my sweet sister, might yet be near me has been such a comfort. God bless and strengthen my poor' father In thishla hour of trial, ne, too, has just been at death's door, T but was spared to remain with the little "ones now lelt ' motherless. ., It Is the Sabbath day, and I am alone. The little ones are at play," baby is sleeping in his cradle. It U but one short year since we laid hia mother in the silent grave, bat his sweet baby heart knows no sorrow oyer it. We that have tasted so deeply from the bitter cup, toh, how would we keep it from these Innocent Hps if we could, but, alas, we cannot' only for a short time. - Onr Heavenly-Fath- er 'khoweth ail things and doeth all all for the secret good of His children, and in wisdom hasjJesigned that all . should taste of tho bitter that they might truly appreciate the sweet. We often think that some have no erosses to bear, yet we cannot always read the human heart, and eaeh one realizes its own burdens, and a stranger cannot understand them." It is so sad to lay our friends away whem ,we have done -all that skill and 1 jve coul d devl&e, h we canT hear died only they have among strangers, without one dear one to sooth their last moments, or a loving hand, ,to close the eyes whoso depths we love to gaze, into so well, it is Badder still, andjwe then learn to appreciate thm pri vilegq of c&rlnsc for tho dear ones to tho last. If our trials will purify us and cleanse us from dross wo will not complain. We must be trying to live worthy, so that at any tlmowc are called we will be joyfully-greet- ed on the other 6ide by the dear ones we now feel so sadly at being separated all who arc, called .to monrn among the Saints, and give "ua faith and light to live above the trials In life, is the : "T"" prayer of your sister -J,- -- -- j ... h . good teopIe of our Isolated little city find themselves represented In your valuable paper, I takeJheJiber ty o ing-yt- nr a fe w ltems7The heat of summer Is over, and wo aro now enjoying the most delightful weather Imaginable. Bat we have found to onr cost that the excessive , beat . and accompanying disadvantages of the 'summer season,, that we have to endure In this southern climate, are not the greatest evils in the world. That dreadful disease, small- pox, made Its appearance In our usually bealtby city over two months ago; and although we are now free from the disease itself, It has left of sorrow in a great many hearts; and right here onr much abased warm weather has proven to bo our best friend, as there is no telling where our troubles might have ended if we had had cold weather to contend with. We have had forty-twcases in all, and eight deaths. Quite a number were only varioloid, while nearly one third were of the very worst and tellevcd by some of our Ari- zona physicians to be closely related to the black smallpox. Our death rate has been very low In comparison- to other places whero the inilady has raged, especially at Phenlx, where they have lost nearly two thirds of toeir whole number. of cases; for although they have a good hospital and excellent nurses, they lack what we, as Latter-da- y Saints, Pprize. above their learned phsyic ians, namely, faith In God and the administration of Ills servants. We have had some examples.of heroism among our people hero that are. worthy of record, nistory records the deeds of, many brave men and women facing death for home and country, but who would not choose death at the cannon's mouth rather than a lingering, horrible death by small-poThe county offered to furnish nurses, if more were neededjtban could be obtained here, but our people felt rather to trust themselves in the hands f the Lord than outside nurses, and in consequence quite a number entered the hospital without being protected by previously having had the disease. Sister Eliza Stewart was one of the first to- sacrifice herself at the shrine of motherly affection being unwilling to"alIow.hcr daughter Estella, aged 16, who had contracted the disease to pass from under her car?. She remained with her and both subsequently died, leaving the home circle doubly re- - fai t hfa 1 Lat sorro wf are greatly regretted by the entire community. .Another case I must mention. Sister Susan Savage left her home and children at the call of suffering hu of vaccination, but manity, without Ler-fai-thr armcd-witIn God and her h religion, and with Kate Sansom, a little toddler of three years; Song by L. Sansom; Dialogue by Alice and Lizzie Tibbins; Recitation from Rosie Romney; Flora Phillips; Song by Lennie SavEssay age and Alice Clowes; Recitation by Josie Simmons; Recitation , by Nellie Lewis; Dialogue, Lawrence Romney and Frank Pusey; Recitation from Kate Romney; Duet. by Emily Sharp and E. Clowes; Recitation from Lily.andMaud Patten; Reading from George Ewing; Recitation by Lncy Wright; Song by Ida Savage and Ida Sansom; Essay by Georgina Toone Recitatibn J)y, Hugh -- StainsburgplMalogue hy7 Alice and Flora Reynolds; Recitation, Albert k Romney; Recitation, Maude Lewis; Recita- thought there could be no improvement; spoke to the boys about missions; prayed that God would bless them all. Sister Ellen Clawson felt as Sister Felt had said, .that every thing was so well done that it seemed hardly possible to improve. Spoke of the word of wisdom and hoped all the children would keep it and all the commandments ' of God. . Brother T. B. Lewis thought these anniversaries were the most pleasant part of the P. A's The children like them, the President likes them, and your friends who visit you like them. But if you want to make these anniversaries a success, you must attend punctually all youjrweekly meetings. Hoped the boys-a- nd girls would put into practice the lessons taught in the pieces recited and do what is right because it is right, Spoke about diph-theriand begged the children not to get scared, hutto Lattend the result tqGocL Stsler Presendia Kimball felt so thankful to meet with the dear children again; hoped they would remember what Brother Lewis had said and keep the laws of God and they should grow up mighty men and women of God. Bro. Romney thought the children would rather have the cake and candy than hear him ;speak. .Prayed for a blessings on those who felt interested in the P. A. Bro.Levi Richards felt pleasure in meeting with the children, and prayed for a blessing on all.'- - . MESA CITT, AKIZONA. - : ; and my stepmother have all suddenly died with that r , .terrible scourge, the smallpox, Mrs. Caroline Matilda Taylor, dan?hterof Alvln Fv adCK3r Stewart, died Sept. 4tb, 18S3, at Phoenix, floe was In her twenty-nintyear. - Her little son, Keith Stewart, died a ehort time before. It is possible -- CORRESPONDENCE. Minutea read by Secretary Essay on the benefits of the Primary Asaoxjiations, by E. Salmon; Bible verses, recited by Frank Lewis; tion, 95 d "Love at Exmsesomrnenced by'singing, ' -- ONENT. young for God to see." Benediction bv Bro. Romney. Cakes and xjahdy were then distributed to the children, and they were t'rfeupf .: 4:' missedr al Clawson, L. Felt, Presendia Kimball, Fanny Thatcher, E. B. Ferguson, Sister Mary X)ayis 'oNhe lat Ward, and Bro.: T.BrLeym-- Home." P EX April 19th, 1884. Children sang, "I'm not too Meeting of the 20th. Primary Ward convened on Friday, Oct. 26th. Present on the stand, President Toone, Sisters E. 8. Semi-Annu- B-- x . . hen ut-w- rt Maki -we - eveix-the-protectl- - ouri-numero- bubnham, 8ak j vax, xew mexico. Epitob Exponent; .. Dear sister, some time has elapsed since I have taken up my pen to write a line for our dear little paper, and evan now my heart Is so ad I scarcely feci able to do bo. Such very cad news has reached us from the Salt KlYer County, Two iear listers &ad quo Uttfo nephew Blunuam. IN MEiMORLAJ ' Died, at" Ixgan, October 21st, Sister Ann II. Davis, wife' of David W. Davis. Deceased was born at Pendaren, South. . Wale?, 5th of March, 132I; was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints January, 1819;- - emigrated to Utah JS51;inoved -- from Bountiful, Davis" County, to Logan at its early settlement in 185'J. Although disabled In her limbs sh3 was al ways an active worker In the Relief Society In the ward she lived in from its organization, and aL ways ready to assist the eick and afflicted in time of need. A faithful wife and mother in all the trials and privations of the early settlements of this valley, and to her death a faithful Latter-da- y Saint. She was never known to complain of her situation In life, although her family were depending, to a great extent, upon her industry with her needle, yet like a true Saint she would lay aside her own work and attend to that or the Relief Society, which she did for many years. Sister Davis was greatly loved by all who knew her. ner funeralwasattcndcd by ja large number of friends 'andcquaintances. Althongh the Relief Society has suffered a great loss, yet it is her gainx for she fought a ' good fiLt and kept the faith. Sister Da is leaves a husband, three daughtere and eight" grandchildren, also a largo number of friends to monrn, berlos?. Catheixj; Watxsox, President R. 3i T " 3rd Ward, Logan, Oct. 25tb, liset 1SS3, y . -- Stl-war-t AXOTUER FAITHF UL ONE DEPSU TED. ' jtnynisesmMeiQJliQ8e In due time she camedown with the disease in Its worst form, and although to all human appearances she had no chance for life, through the prayers and fasting of her brethren and sisters, and her own faith and good care she came off victorious, and now bears her testl-won- y to the comforUr that was with her during her entire sickness, in. opposition to the evil spirits that ' sought her destruction. Other cases I might mention, but my letter is getting too length v. -- W feel to thank the' Lord that he has been as mercifnljus as He has, and appreciate blessings more than ever. The welcome of our meeting house bell is again heard in our ringing midst, our Mutual Improvement- - and Primary Associations will soon bo In active operation, and a spirit of animation and cheerfulness Is rapidly taking the place of the horror and gloom of our small pox siege. With good wiohes for the welfare of the Expokekt, I remain your eister in the Gospel, Zvlik P. Kimball1 , Oct. 21st, 1833. . " - . us . 