W O M iN-'1 , 'swi, cccoY--U sai-- - Mfcld e her grind-islh- th tserejus! &i he used ic, tj and his ycur grandfather, father tued to Bit. and enjoy themselves gccIaiJy - and entertain their friend. .'How very wonder-- . ' ful it ail eeemed, there were the same oIJ halo and bedrooms, the antique fireplaces and the Jiitlecorner ones in the bedrooms, rjpboarda, from ceiling to floor - with their funny braei handles, old and worn,and queer corner cupboards, too, such as I had never seen. Aunt P. 'was very thoughtful and would every few minutes teJJ us some pretty UttJe thing that caused a merrj liugh through the dear old hall?; ehe iiaU not been there iot a great many years, and It was all as interesting to her as to us, who had come. eo- - ar to te the places so dear in the memory of our mother. I made several sketches there, the folks say they are quite natural. We saw tome ptop.o who remembered ycu when a little girl trotting cfl to school. It did seem to s ran6e to us that they should recollect you . Just as a little child. Ihe places where the old factories stood are much the same, bu t they are gone, though the water still rolls on over its immense rocks. O, tboie LtautHul hills, brooks and meadows, how I did ste cu gathering nuts and berries, and runriiug, bathing jour face in the clear brook that babbled on, Winter and Hummtr. Aunt DeJiaaid 'twas all the lame, you could nover f&bl right until you had ruir ua wn to trie biook. and, bathed, "and , that," she said to us, "is the -place where jour mother drank in her inspiration." tine fancied she could tee you under those grand old trees with your dollks or some fascinating book, and O how I watchtd you trip through themtauows, over the hills, laughing and tinging; 1 cannot tell you half I saw or heard during those two days no w, but wilf ull you when I get home. I saw your old riend, and bhe told us so much of your intimacy, und her hair is still raven black and hang in long rijjgletb a when you know'titr. Boe taid, telF were otyod aiid thote you her happleBt thoughts ' -old dajs.; . I have so much to say about theae things that I couM go ou writing for ever, but I kno w I mut hurry a it U getting near time for ua to great-grandfath- ' .'- haj an excellent time; we aud tb ugh we were not. there long thanks to nook auU corner' ojr itialivej who knew every ' I Boit!.n thoroughly. we taw forgot to tell you before that we veiled all the old graves at and 1 managed to get a great many unmes and dates of the family The cemetery Ir a beautiful old place, and" the ferns wrre ai- most kb high as bushes'. Ic had such a sveet, 8d charm for me on account of its being old-fis- h ioned and a little neglected, and I lingered Pe-tertha- about the dear oil graves until the party m s ba-ca- We repealeJ, "Three little- - inpatient. Qravts," aunt P. remembered it bo well, it set med sa quiet and sacred that tuch a little thing was' really appropriate. There were many p!aC28 we wanted to go to, tuHhey all so muc'a time and we were limited for time took andcouldnot do more thanwo UM. We are going now to Atchison to 63 cur relatives there we shall, bo glad to and then directly-home- , get home z you all again, I feel a3 if I could -- . " Lovo to all. : 1 ; civilied vk iU i ; Louie Wells. .. FREE LECTURE3. Da Barney says she will give a number of tree lectures upon the subject of Medicine, or V. L. M. R city. Conference oilliEellefjSocietieo of Wasatch ' set.-- " h in frainiii'' the youn" of those . " . - .. CORRESPONDEXCa Editor Exi'Onhkt: By means of these great public conveniences, the Utah Central and Utah Northern -Railways, we are now enabled toreturn from Logan in about, a half a day, leaving that point at 12..o,0 p.m. and arriving in SaltLake City at 7.40 p.m.. on the same day. What al'L diirerencc"from"6urwagon experiences of a few years ago, wben with jaded team3 and more jaded Tsassengers the conveyances would take three days between the two points. And this was pretty good traveling too. But returning , from Logan we broke our journey at Brigham City, and through the courtesy of Apostle Lorenzo Snow remained over Sunday to at tend the Conference of Box Elder Stake. At tho morning service the speakers were Apo3tle Carrington and Lorin Farr. In the afternoon Apostle Lorenzo Snow and Elders Charles W Stayner and Charles 0. Card occupied the . yjU xcmpic. ouuaing were particularly-intcresting-toto mv late visit to the Logan TernpleT owing It seems so -rcfishin? to hear historical facts in relation to the building of the ancient Temples-a- nd even an account of their destruction in fulfilment of prophecy is very to our foith. In the adversity asstrengthening in the prosperity of mv Providences lesson which a if the Territorial District - schoob are debarred from in t ro hieing any nit secular studies, the college endowed by ihe late President, is de- its students in the great "sigiTed "to uuipLi:icvcmcu i use oamt37 faculties of this eminent place educational The of IfahiinL' ai'e not 'limited bv consideration nf 41 merely political and iinaucial character, as established by law. I are. those of thy deem this one of the greatest Vadvantages of the President's gifts to Northern" Utah". While the College embodies all that can be taught in mere promiscuous establishments, under the excellent watch care of Elder J. Z. Stewart and Sister Ida Cook, it also nurtures that faith .1 I l i m. uod .wnicn neeus sucn 1;' teiuier training in Too' much can the minds of our youth. scarcely be said on this imjiortant subject, to encourage the' establishment and maintenance of such instiiutions in our rnidt-t- . 1 After a mo;t pleasant, and I triisr. imt nn. profit ablo visit, we- - returned in excellent health and sj)irits, bringing with 113 the kindest remembrances of friends, nrominpnl nmnnfr -- x resion nnuiuaTtmeau ot Snow Sister and of Brigham City. , Logan, Your loving sister in the Gospel, " : - S mvrrgTctnir rirnTfgi 1 Stake of Ziou convened" in Heher City Hall, August 11th, 1883. Present 011 the stand were : President Emma Brown and her Counselors, also the : Presidents of the .several 3Iinutes of the last Conference read and a- )rovcd. .Reports were read by the secretaries, showing tho spirit of improvement. President Brown made .a. lew ojxmTng rem art?; the several presidents then represented their wards in a very favorable condition. Sister Lucy Young from St. George then addressed the L conference upon the principle of celestial marriage, and related some of her experience in it. Conference adjourned until two o'clock. Singing. Benediction by Bishop Forernann. Afternoon session. Meeting opened witli ihe ' usual exercises. Sister Young spoke to us again in the afternoon. -- Spoke: of the great -responsibility resting upon the fathers and mothers in raising and "training our children.'-Our Father in heaven knows of our 'appoint-- ' ment, of our coming together to serve Him,, and lie will be there by His Spirit to" cumfort and instruct. That we should put our entire dependence on our Father in heaven, l6th in adversity and prosperity." He gives TT3"'all we enjoy, and we should say, "Thy vail be done in all things." Sister .Young gave us very wise and excellent counsel; urged the great necessity of going to the Temple to redeem our dead. President Hatch spoke a short time; was : pleased toknow the Relief Societies were in a good condition,and asked the blessing of the Lord on all Israel." Conference adjourned for .three- months..- - Singing., Benediction by " President Hatch. Mary Brokson, Secretary. 'Avis M. Bronson, Ass't.'Sec. manifest, fedeia! tlements. 1 ins mi nutnt-- imiuuuuu is particularly beneficial, owing to the fact that while" iu:iJi:r. V,learnm a upon the Loganitcs by tho tratfh-forc- ed u e . life; although the hated liquor Tl.oir school-?- anion a1 which is that trreat In. MituiiojiMht' Rriuhani Y on tig Policy, are do" in" iou reports: . t i , I. A. AND PRIMARY v,-- other scarcely wait. TirajTOremWTsIbtatlon. J. f--'-; - irtiitAil uiV future l)lcsingi;: I was delighted with,, the prosperous appearance of the northern cities. Their progress in building, commerce nud the generaliJpursuits ul" a' truly heeded, tr " lave. in lesion " - " '.7 the Laws of Life, aud these IntercsUd in the .prevention cf disease and probngaUpu of life, and wish to tecorne acquainted with seme of its laws are invited. Her first lecture will be at 7 given in the 13th Ward Hall, October 9th, cVlock p.m., to to the Young Ladies": Mutuar e: and each cue ja. the old fiailljclfcjA. Bat they are all gone Dow', aiiJ anther generation of a very diriment manntr of llflisg has possefsioti, and the house U ktpt just to rreerve its iientltj. E X F ONE NT . S -; V- )rliC-iUfc,.sryi..ui- r ; 1 1 ' 1 -- wiHcn-were-oie- - rs E. M. QoU. T.oWTUv Aiiff 1K.K' Mea City, ' Stayner. Aug. 27th, 1883. Diur. Editor: In your favor of the 17th you express a -- wish for me to write an article. I must say you have a better opinion of my abilities than I have myself, or you would not make such a request. And the thought immediately came, what could I write that would be anyway in- teresting to your, many intelligent readers, or worthy of a place in your excellent paper. Then I was reminded of the passage of Scripture referring to the several talents which the LonI has given to His children; some more and some dess, and the consequnce if they failed to improve upon these talents, and I rea-- , lized that jf I failed to improve upon the one talent which I may possess it would be taken away and given to the one who alread v has ten and improves" them. And who could I blame? Nobody but myself. We are -- all 'children of one Great Parent, and He in His tender "mercy has placed them upon this earth, that they ...might," through ebedience to His laws, secure to themselves an eternal inheritance in in the Kingdom of our God, and He has given to us qualities which, if properly cultivated and imp'ro ved upon, will give us a knowledge of right and wrong. So we aro really left without excuse if wo transgress any of the known laws of pod. But Satan, that arch enemy of all that is good; and pure is on the alert continually to tempt and place obstacles in our way to lead us astray from tho pathway so plainly pointed out by our leaders. And wherein is our safety from his wiles? It is only in a faithful adherence to our duties'day bv , -- day. Attending to ourlprayera,-forthia.-i5.--indee- d the kev to unlock the blessings of heaven-to His faithful children, for the Lord is indeed and in truth a prayer hearing God. Who is there among the Saints of God but have had some experience of this kind, who when trouble and sorrows gathered thickly around them, : : 