ter receiving hay pYss and a letter of introduc-tioi- i to a young gentleman inside, he very kindly escorted me through the rooms and gave me TuVormation in regard to t ha display. The main - bul'db-- wa-- t superbly decorated with Turki-frosr crnTnplJri 11 jo r LET KR IV. r I pMidattugrad Hand catTt; lK"wniill lolrsull ehadea of . ' Boston, August 27, 18S3. Beatrice. : ,A Venerable "Woman, which has been omitted in the last two numbers will be con- tiauea in our nest. sc-nc- - tij-t- C-jJ- lirfln(Jg3roour am"Tiajrpy"toay7 some Dickinsons," Woodwards ana VVhitneys. We are naving a ay; dy cs , : thus representing the navy and military depart-- ments. 2stxt ame the navy yarc; how grand -- th-- . " big vessels did lock. Ojr trip to Buston fn m Kew - ik jte eriray wa.Hudsi the h river graud suoU Uiiy beyond my poar peu to dtecrite Y sceuery, t We airived in Boston this, morning abut 7 o'clock, snd have been sight seein all ;:ay, so " wc are pse iy well given outr- - 7 Vimr Inclnw Heuuhtei ST. ISIyTJear InIotuer: latletter . Louis, Sept. '7 I liTTTP 3, 18S3. -voii said vou were dlan. "f dear oil poin ted a t not heatin g all. about-th- e places in New En glahduut really, although I bathed In the came brook where Aunt Deii . sa d she thought you g.t your Inspiration, stdi I did not feel that I could do J ustice tothe hallowed spot. Aunt P. and D., Belle and mytelf ran over all those dear hills, by the brook, over the mosa covered rocks, gathered ferns and berrie ju3t as yoa did in that happy 'child ood""ofwh.ch yu have .19 often told us. O, how we all enjoyed Tn vnnr - . . i t-- any question corrtctly and in a manner ih&t . l . dfclightfui.time and m our humbfe va, I trust," We doit,g some good' in allayiug prjuJ;ce. have a great many quts ijus a?ked us an J have met a grtat many mca people; I oastautiy ray for wisUom that I might be enailed to ansser y uc .1.-- selvas,-1- " i Every ruw and then some pine needle or nut would drop on our headf, and how wc jvould start, and then our good aunts would have some happy little incident to tell of when they were girls, and the big tears stood in our eyes many and man a time during that blessed day. I gull have so much to tell you about old u wcui minister 1 tjiaucs auu it icaud. h.ou3-- i the m. pr8onavw where the Ulster, whose wi;o y ju navo toi J usio mucrj about, iivjj, alio to Whittakei'd nlate and it is atIl verv grand though s rotd. Aunt Delia has sent yu fcuch a nice picture f the-ol- d humefttoao; btie . n . .4- m .v I (1 njLit k.J to .t com iv iiuuiu mmiJU uu Ui ujuuj am UMppj Uuyt fcchooluouse-wher- e used to lh. l . old attend jou a t . . i j in I. could you oujiuuj, a. u iiie.ver n each pUce I staid hardly tear mytelf longer thn auy une f.,r 1 loved to oeal ue, O, why I caanoi tell y ou, only that I si euied nearer you and nearer the ol . days, ana tkesileLCi wa- - sweet, vou &nor how it is to feel tnn. Imt a we dj wuen wo vXLiLJha graves Ohosew&- have loved, co iTelt when I visited the piacer once so drar tojuu. The Jitt.e vJagb cuurch, juct the sijad oid ainioued ceta aud pews, and we8ng tne.Doxj ogy mere, for our hearti wereofutl that eail naJ to .iva v;nt to our y.ieei;u4B iu bj ..o iatjua just m tne tatue ncwnere stoid to in and cou-i- n plaice jou Lii mn played tne.ui lodiai. I never had tsten liae nnj ;re, it jnth'ng ujt out Just as t weitt tone J as of y jire, and many a tremble taere wa- - in many a vuice as we snng the good olJ hmu. TLefuik all thugat me so much like you, clear mutner, that itiey said they cjuid z- - ihit they were net back agm to cicely eh ho j. L'ae north poud where you u.d iu g lUer Water lilies was jus as beautiiul a- - t ver, out i tuyunc it Lojkrge to be cabru a ponJ; thvre had teen a g'eat many lilies but beautiful the,) hid iJuust nil closed up it Is a aDy thing I eve. saw, aueh moy benks, tali lirca, naioi i w huu 'wub j mono It BU piOlU. fmi that one cjuU ecarcalv imacinn it ma) We visi.ed to many of the old place?, and htara so many little incidents it all seemed so rel thai, we w.juld be iauniog and crying ali at ss'iie time. The little i -imnn tr,. mo tvci m. or i bave"svo tea heird you bpeak now a large tree, a fid it is o baiUtiful, h.w I wish you could see it. I brofee If a fahch fur $ ou. th ougut? ". would please b th you and my dtar mother. Boston is a grunu, old city and we have enI wish joyed ur tight &ee.ng so much to-you could have been heie with us; so many pjiuta of hietoricil Internet in which you abov all oth ra take"tuch"de Jght,"among theflisi is B jnktr'fc Hill and the moiiument, tht-- femdly poiuttd out to us the exact ejot .where the breastworkiL weraereced and the position of all the troops, and the place where Gen Wrftreu fell. We also ea here a coj-yof the real Bjs-to- n news Ltotter, yellow and torn, it is plactd case outside the halijzwe bought under a gl-fa copy from the rt&i one aa a cunofei y AvtUe ack o . the rjjonumfcnt ia a fiMueq? FitVcott. Wo LeAt visited tne su dietV muoiea . a bhorL distance from " the Hdl " i'nis' is oj wmte stono and cjns sts of toree figurefe; ont I. suppose tbbejthe godded of lii erty wit'J p. wreath of floweraIrHie" hand, and Just below on the tight a soldier i quippedfpr battle ,on the left a saiiory 3 xhil jhpo wbrkei, no; knowing" the whyanjfwntn&r: only ih at'Ihey h a i tha t ard e n t desire to trace the iines of their ancestry, they know not why. Some of the gentlemen said toey had spent: the greater part of then time for six years in this -- T . y , U-- ld -- . . way. - We -- h a ve s uceeed ed -- for it. he laughed and cried as alio wed ourselves None'oT to it mtj jo get tired, but ciimbedup those dear bid places Until we exhausted cyefy favorite spoJ. We toofc our lunch and ate It tinder thV largo pinei that grow in with the, hemlocks at the back of the houfcc. Aunt i and D. felt liku chiljren JthatTdliyTand it was reall touching to see those o their gray - haired eisters visiting the 1 . ' puneh(t her little-frighten- -- tut-terflie- e; : she-wa- ou good bye before leaving ..homa you .. teemed to feel- - a ed about BslJe and myself coming Blone," bit we . have gotten oh wonderfully, and by being cafe- ful and prud cut havo u e ver h ad the uligh test" difficulty,' and all thiDgs have gone on eo smoothly that I oftn fet-- there U a frecal care to guard us fiafely. I have conetinnytllolight of your teibng me about your prayers whenever you were J ourney ing, ai dT have al vays prayed for the safety of all. How mysteriously and beautifully does God perform his work; I could not but ilm.k of this as I sat in that meeting at Amherst, to sea the interest that is being taken iu hunting out genealogies, aud how th-had ; ' ' . ""WherT;TUado y . 2r,,,.i6S:i pleased with my visit. obr-erv- of-th- e Father: g )t along faaioiiiUffiwillD sb-te- s, industries of every description, from confectionery stanus to the exquisite glass and china painting from Germany, also Jare work, machine work and embioidery. from all parts cf the;wbrfd. All hands were buy beie . Jn packing and arranging. From tbii department we went up into the Art room, and here the preparations were almost completed; such a world of life,, so sublimely portrajed in marble and on canvas ' that this fceemtd to me the most magnificent of ; all. The placing and hinging was perfect in an attistic point of view, and enhbitd the Icoktr on to aaeh cue in particular as they wre eo that each gave ne w life arid ctbr to arranged the next The pictures were mo-tlfrom Italy, Padded their host of though Pari and Germany beautia3. There are many ta&t we might mention, but I fear my description would not be . vivid enough tu- - enable-th- e Teadeitou7ag"irJeT them in alHheirgrairteur, so I wiTTcnly draw attention to the one painted by the Princess Ii0uisefCa3 this name alone woulbe fcufllcieiit to call forth a great deal of curiosity. It is life sire and of a laJy in meditation; there was 'a grayness about the picture that made it interest ingtomeand-- q u i to - obj r c t ion abl a to others who were around me. The ffice was of noble outline, regular features, no color about it, and gray eve, the background and dres were gray, - which to me g ;va it a very sa J, sweet 1. ok, while some oihers who had seen it, I learned, thought it too bo in ore. The fetauaiy was exquisite, and the display immense, onev which I recall very forcibly was of aTchiiiUia chiug this was beautiful beyond description, I could go on mentioning one picture or piece of tatuary after another, but 'twould be in vain as they all should be seen to be appreciated, f here was also in an adjoining room a wonderful display of tiles , statuary in bronze, netdle work, silk work, wood carving and everything; products, arts and manufactures of all nations. It Is needleES to say that it wilt be a success, as all the world are interested in It. It opens Septem-be- r 3, I8S3, in remembrance oIroCnTcnnial anniversary signing of the treaty of peace by the representative of the nations United States, Great Britain, France and Spain. In some instances it la said, it will iial the Centennial and will be the first wholly Foreign' Fxhibitioh ever held in the world. It is under the direction of the Foreign Exhibition Association, Bos ton, Massachusetts,' Ur SrATIncorpor ated 1882. -- The building in which the Exhibition takes place is quite centra!; "it was" erected" at the cost cf over half a million dollars and wm conetiucttd solely for this purpose. '" Boston, August : Mv Dfak h ribbon,. This draping alone presents the moat gorgeous spectacle. Around tins immense room is a gallf, ry in which each nation ha- - its recticn the lower floor ia devoted to brilliant Uijpliya from them all. It would he impossible to make mention of the articles as they were 8 i u mer-ouand all so wonderfully wrought aud beauti-ful- . Models In ciay from Seandianavia, las8 wart, 8 tone work, etc., etc., wunderfully made, of which we have not space to tell. The hall beyond was being fitted up for all manufactured it, Aunt D. told us to many sweet things about your childhood, ho w cncesheMed you all into Jhat very brook after you had held your little tired.-an-d how grandma s meeting until , I 5 -- ri ter ; -- : -- The next iy we .vent to Petersham, where you wtre born, sua wiiera tCemilj ome- stead has reuia ne fcr generations. V'hat.a de lightful spot It is! The once quiet vlllagela TiTswa favorite summer resort, with manyihand .... . I - .1 11 U... ul buuie uuittu auu uuiuvud iuv uetr OJU nOUBeo all filled with people, used as boarding houses." We went io he old boaie where vnur fAtt.frnnri . 1. . , 1L. 11.. j ' houie fiom garrec to celiir, into every nuofe and corner, but we did not Arid any barrels of cider, nor vet ia ge quantities of horsey or map e sugar such a you have told us about, they are gone no r Aunt Pallas knew ever th'ng for er lhao aunt D-lfhe was and he could, rememb. r much bout th: former uayg. How many amusing things she did tell us of thc A. 1 " A. ia 1 