E X V 0 X E N T ." W OM A N S scyys : xauyto. .or ixci prv rs to art k.--v " :r: fv mm: v::::yyv. V f!t?'ti the r.. i u . M::aK:i, tU but J. l'and the beginning, and tliat it stands u to search into bur own hearts, and ask ourselves if we are living up to all of His requirements. We read that r "Those who fear tne Lord will prepare their hearts.arid humble ; is iwupy your attention in- - jvjvif' . vou are whu-h- . claim oa your posterity all - of lie Priesthood.."...!.-.- - . 4. -- ..gu: rjaner .that yanced by lko.h?riJymaiid.oUjLQiLtriit "' ?- which,. you. Have talked aid "labored-man- V t is n t tor- 'ara'asennbt;- vbu y?ars r but- - to brought 'to re&ireSaeap.. thin .metsion ot the hiczns ot salvation, and be ..Drouirat into a proper, "re ationhin tn God hence a man becomes responsible for his own - 1 nut-vm- : arl 1 o"'"6lost W1 iitnaewara lournev: it is a man .fiKc in a wilderness, and the means with which we are . invested here are to direct us in qur homeward journey. You then, sec the reason why you are . required away ut you are required to be sober, to be that you could ak and receive, knock honest, and it sbould nonopened, and that when .you sought for things you' would find them. It is putting you in' po?sessioirc)f those' keys by. Avlnch you car, ask for thing, vou need and obtain them. This is the key by which to obtain all the gWy-an-d felicity of eternal life. It is is-wn- : predion which you receive here should belot It was to rivet the recollectioha of.tlicse things m your memory, like a nail in a pla?e nevr to h forgotton. The BCenerysure through which 1" have You can't sin so cheap now fore you came to this order. could beIt is not for m tn Lord's reproach the anointed, nor to sneak evil of him; all have covenanted not to do it." ilder George A. Smith made a fcw marks; he spoke principally in relation fn th ' . Ininnrf'innQ xf jo.ccjiu- eaureui tuose mjuiwu ' principles which we had received. . He was followed by Elder Orson T" Hyde. The congregation was d ismissed by p ra yer by : nassed nM0n u:ore you a picture or map, by which you are to frave through Jie, and obtain an entrance into the celestial Kingdom hereafter. If you are tempted in regard these things here, vou be tempted hen - you the You ffive,-b'JaKhful.been brought to this point, by : maintaming these things which have been en". trusted to you. , It is not for the merely sake of talking oyer these things I arG glVCn t0 for your bene-- i your triumph over the darkness hereafter. JVeT want the tod to keep tbe faW rS-'an to ,the obey her and if you keep your covenants you will' 1,0 you b' -- ; t jYl T hZf 0 I'' bt P'lty nn! ' of transgression. S The line that t0 raintain covenants, you will always be foundyllT in the path of nnkflf U ?dl!I Dever wallowed up-- by fechngs and passions. If you are found worthy and maintain integrity, anddonot runaway and thinkyour yon have got found .worUiy ff Ur0inM 'Vr?t':r0lIwi11 rlHl vWhch honorable not been ordained yet to JYe hut by and by. thin 1,ecaus0 of nnVC-fithne- i ur compn! rClition8 of thi law, and f SSflll ll? Earned how to receive more You have now pray. You have been taiseht - how to approach God and be recognised Th S1, -J- 7"-ke-yb- ol!, , tcpt together and not the power of nrm haro -- I ion-and-t- kil fterpa ' A ew. "eCforyQiir-prcrvft- - lPrayCr8 haV been r3 Pnrcd d it you from being named to approach God and they better than you? teachings and the wonderful experiLatter-daSaints since they were, and the given, apostacy ot some who were then such bright and shining lights, have led me to indulge 111 deep and sorrowful reflections on the same. The awful and irreparable loss of those whose great Jight habecome darkness because they forgot arid transgressed the very laws and principles which their own lips were inspired to utter in that house of God, and to' proclaim. ifrfor years after to the Saints, and also to the nations afar off. And do we realize that this warning voice has been our ears for more than half a soundingnn century, and that the Lord is now coming out from His hiding place to vex the nations, and that He will no longer bo trifled with? - These things we were forcibly reminded of by the late terible lire in this city. Though th.e threats of men could not make our knees God is tremble, able to, and to humble us to the dust, and which I ruly believe he will do, and that quickly, nnl lass-w- e change from our present course in mixing up and following in the ways of Babylon 1 S City at the time of that drXlfn when hearing the awful it sounded like a death knell to departed tidings and this feeling was not lessened Thet l-y- y lTl r i . e ence of the s rTS??03 Rafter: Tho-i- X :r: Elder John Tavlor. - . - . kenWing utteref Sll :Q, words, raouv "romer iieber pred cted that rrot" yet burn uu uiu tiuuer oox." , Wealso heard 1 oung speak in a similar manner. If it ,- - r -- days. -- .. - "" --- "Behold, verily, thus saith the Lord unto you, in consequence of evils and designs which do and will exist in the hearts of conspiring men in the last davs. I have warned Jvou and r 1 forewarn you, by giving- - u n to you th is wond of wisoom oy revelation. And all Saints who remember to keep and do. these, sayings, walking in obedience to the com mandments, shall receive health in their navel and marrow to their bones, and 'shall find andv great treasures of knowledge, even hidden treasures; and shall run and not be weary, and shall walk and not faint. And I the Lord give unto .them a promise, that the destroying angel shall pass by them, as the children of Israel and not slay them. Amen. My fathers clerk wrote the following: "Dec. 23rd. Alraon W. Babbit entered the Temple. was invited oy rresident- -i oung into his room- P rbe brings report that officers from Springfield are here, and several of the state troops after the Twelve; particularly Amasa Lyman. At three o'clock Jhn Scott infrmed George D. Grant that an officer and assistants were and others at watching for -- President-Young the front door of the Temple. Brother fJrnnf carried the information to President Young, who soon devised a scheme "by which their intentions to carry him off might be fustrated.". The President directed Brother William Miller, who was present at the time, to put on his cloak, but which happened to be my father's their cloaks being precisely alike. He threw it around Brother Miller's shoulders, and told him to wear it and also his hat and accompany George Grant to his "carriage at the door, etc. They followed his directions. Brother Clayton wrote: "As Brother Miller was about to get into the carriage with Elder Grant, the ofScer and five or six of his assistants arrested him supposing him to be President B. Young. They were about to drive away with him, having made their boasts that would as many they of the Twelve as they could takeget them down to Warren, and have a New-Yea- r's frolic killing them, but they were persuaded to drive to .the auvooMansion and tarry until when the validity of the writ would ' be tested. "They were kept in profound ignorance of thai. . I. : wis-dp- . takes the legal management of the case, and Mcu iuCy uave swppea long enough to make a good tavern bill will probably get their eves open and put off." established TT -- il uuibaeinrnyircrockTWde poru inac tne oacer haa left lue ciiyana gone to Uarthage with the prisoner. a munds, of Mr. Babbit s, Tawyer has gone with them partner to act as .counsellor the prisoner. - The officer has writs " C. Kimball, P. P. oung Pratt, .- . " m -- - m a similar state of putreiaction? W.arl1;, UKea Ior of tMa frhen coming anJ' Sis to away: far 'nfT lu Vderness' and f many carvl 'Ve. W.ro aIost entirely-fr- ee 1 from-- " 1 . , as-yo- u r. i 7 , n, ourvanities, elalkTairthohiD" - ;vurcn are not conducive to eternal life, TI113 -n- hands of men, for as His majesty is1 so is His mercy." But how much longer can we look for mercy? What hath not mercy mixed with judgment done?. How can' we look for it if we are not keeping His commandments and the "Word of Wisdom" given "by the Lord through His Prophet'Joseb', to the Latter-da- y -- Saints on the 27th of 1 ebruary, 1833. It was sent greeting not by commandment or constrained, but by revelation showing forth the order and will of God in the temporal, sdyation of all jaints in the "last - The man wa? 'you and God gave hihi dominion over the created., whole earth, but he "saw that he never could multiply and replenish the earth without woman; and He made one and gave her to him. He did not make the man for the" woman hnf the woman for the man. .J. ; lint if a man does not use a 'woman well and take good care of her, God will take her away from him and give her to another.. Perfect order aiKreonsistcccy-iiralreTh"eavebut we are now and the ha3 tail become the head. deranged, " One reason why we bring our wives with us is that they may make a covenant with us to keep these things sacred. ji to-p- -- ke one of jus, for IIe 0 kiiayyiiur.brethrm-or--zfejfzztasfcgat never can honor God. to-da- y -y- i o scnted should be forgot ton ne out rememocred and practiced through all v a stepstone to ap- "cutu Proalfh t0 the vojGodJIavinesceodfid. " to the lowest state of degradation, it is ' 1 . ,cpriJuarL ; CukI is - oreatodu? in his own imap?. Every man that ever ccine upon this earth, or auy other earth, wiltlake the course we have taken Anotber an organization, and Thing, It is t ) bring us-tjust as quick as we can get iato that order and government," we have the celestial Kingdom . -- we wimainnItm rsoiiis in t in sigiu, saying, . to - th e to- - the h and 1 of- the Jjord ranu ot-4n - a matter o: raet, a V. : -l . i a :S V10?' Geoe A-- and Smith, Amasa Lyman lurley, who are all charged with countering the coin of the United States." To he' Continued. " .i 