SCENES IN XAUVOO. AXD IXCIDEXTS ; : FKOM H. C KIMBALL'S JOUKXAL Temn EY HELEN MAT? WITITNEY. ?a 1 1 1 h tT t it n o ler came, but vestehla v n oo n iw e .1 .1 littK "Kn7Va mt;.st.'siok when sheUn the undav pre- wei awav quite well. rotmht him to the Temnle.'and. at I had nearly forgotten our ar tit. Brother-- ?-- 4 n ! - fJn" fmm ! nildni) ir!i.-- i .i.iitimnMj ramHr groupr" suinjaisr015 4i)to--paiIt was upon a large canya?,; tastefully arrange, my father and mother fitting-wit- puritviug plan laid down by the Almighty, and I know that it is a divine institution, and that it places women as well a men upon a higher plane, and will more thickly0 free her from that'bondage and curse which fell upon her throughtranes-resioman an v oiner. aim mat me ones w ho practice ande-itwil-l-ie-the-flT- st to stand again as niah'eoal, as did our first mother. Eve, in the garden of Eden. Though many blunders have been made by the committed bvv: individiN and wrongs - n r. y t be will called to answer for als, which they sooner or later, I can testify to the purity of in its tjie principle, and that it is God-lik- e frii ita rif? Kin a n tpndpnw in prnnnfl f het and to raise our thoughts and desires above the groveling things of earth, which, through the that have 'passed awav.7 has many generations 1 , home about that time whb, her little boy, iu the Iclai R. Foster. -- ..... n. -. iequMlBri -- Young and P. P. Pratt laid'their hands upon : - him and pronounced upon him many blessings, h and among them that of life and health. ; baby, in tie centre, myself at C. o'clock 0 this Elder II. "About evening myjbrother Williain with his wife and little Kimball and his wife, Bishop Whitney and daughter on the left, and four younger his wife left the Temple and went to Joseph brothers made up the family group. - I .eat for. Kingsbury's to remain until William Kimball' mine more than any of the rest, and the face should carry a load of persons, viz.: L. R. Foswas nearly completed before it was taken off I ter, Horace Whitney and Mary. Ellen Harris the frame to be packed away, which was done to their respective homes. After which he reonly a short time previous to our leaving Jvau-voturned and carried home his father and mother One of the same size, with President B. in the carriago with the grey horses. Bishop rrma nnri1!! r norrniu onI nAnf rtAnJ PK Young and family was begun at the same time n ones who practice it as a' Whitnev and his wife went home also in the principle the latter I saw but a short time previous to President same left more become and in carriage." Young Brigham pure every thought lofty lister Xoung s death also, another with the 10 about o'clock and home the their" went and to somereach desire; Temple aspirations First Presidency, B. Young, II., C. Kimball for the than the of night." thing higher gratification and W. Richards, and the Twelve Apostles earthly ' and "This the new afternoon and lusts who altar remain those and virtuous true evening sitting jn council, whsch was hanging there in will continue to progress in the higher walks was used for the first time, four individuals the same unfinished state. Brother .Major havand. their wives .were sealed.: The altar h throughout time and all ; eternities; while those ing died many years ago, 2 2 feet hich and 21 feet lontr and about about who reject it, and set- - themselves up to judge ; The following incidents close thi3 volume of 8 or 0 inches wide, condemn and revile against the ones who and are my fathers journal; and though he may have covered with cushions of scarlet damask passing through the fierv ordeals, that are continued it through the rest of the month, we Twelve the The cloth. and Bishops have not been ableto find . . i any.lue to it- .- But - wives were afterthe dedication this at tnose ot present which they know v a higher grades, being frequent visitor at t T can noon." This closes his journal. 7 nothing, having never crossed even the threstestify to the faithfulness of my father and Sister Ellen mentioned above, Harris, Mary hold, will have dwindled aud passed away, and mother, and many more of my brethren and . is in Salt here Lake is and one of. occn lorgonen, even "iik'e cnan uxn the sumliving City, listers, who continued laboring there without is and known and widows, mer respect"my'faiher's threshing .floor." They refuse to believe ceasing until the evening of February 3rd, - ed by bundreds, hot for her faithfulness facts though we publish and send them out inonly at which time my marriago took place. "The to the but for her to of the world, desiring them to know things just Gospel, many qualities great work , which the Lord had predicted . head aud heart. testified She has to me that as they are. We do not proclaim these things in. through the Prophet Joseph should be done in she in sealed was to that a boasting spirit, nor in and' of ourselves, but Temple my father, that house was fulfilled in spito of all the and she chose that diecause him was he a main the strength of Ilihito whose promises and nthreats and the snares set by His foestoi)re of her heart was grieved that she God, though ' : truths we have clung for more than fifty years, vent it- should Sister cause Vilate Kimball one and the latter are our most powerful wpnnnna "J anuary 7th. This morning there was an pang, she but felt that if did not take this step her immense crowd at the reception room" waiting against all the vile slander that can be raised be own would hearr for admission into the washing and glory clmll cflll dipt. My mother, against us: and our faith 'is that u woj till auointmg how Mary Ellen felt, caused her for ever rooms. The brethren came ing goon conquering and to conquer. We can along bearing ves: after to feel towards her. sels filled with all kinds of There were kindly anticipate the feelings of our persecutes when provisions for the over women sealed to father in use of those attending to the ordinances of twenty that the truth breaksJn upon them, and they awake my the 7:.: oru a xiouse. lho supply- - is much Temple for the same conscientious reasons exLIJ Llirtl II IV II IMII1I1 til HTITIj ,i O t-I T rt iIfM TTr JjrjJter Sister -man tno const n nrmr r pressed by Mary Ellen"; and five of them that they already have my sympathies. : were taken as the wives of the Prophet Joseph. I he supply ot provisions brought in y has To be Continued. Those women were actuated by the one princi been very abundant, and much of it has been sent away, to' those families that are destiple, salvation and, exaltation in our Father's tute. Kingdom; though three or four became disaf. fected in consequence of their light becoming "Aletter was received this morning from GOSHEN PBIMARY. dark uess, and thcyhad not sufficient Mr Tuckerrthe Calhoirc grace, priest, informing us ' therefore, apostacy was the result. One who -t- hat the Bishop could not raise money enough " left him in a rash moment never denied the to purchase our Goshen, Sept. 22nd, 1883. .property, but would cither purchase or rent one of our faith, and she speedily repented the step. It public buildings, but Editor, Exponent: was but a few years after, when afflicted with ' .would not insure it against fire or mob f. A We held our fair on the above date, which an incurable disease, that she came to one of councd was held in Pres. Young's and room, was a great credit to the children. They took the letter was taken into consideration " The - his wives, Harriet 8. Kimball, desiring the an interest result of their deliberation, it privilege of remaining under his roof, where unmaking many beautiful things seems, was that to adorn she was their received would and Har-rienot persons and houses, and I think nursed tenderly by they answer the . letter,' that the t, itvwonld Catholics might go their own be well to mention fOTnfi of thf nrti- till death came to her release. I believe way, for they cle3'made wives his wouMhave no more to do with them. that were all honest when they took by our little ones, and also give you .... At six o clock an idea of the proceedings. Basket made this step. All had, refused offers from ho eavs. "Th it:u by single" men, and no. earthly inducements were held Margaret Poulaon, aged 10 years, rake, John"" Poulson. 8 vears: onilt.. VMrnhoth "Rnnn 1 1 out to them to enter the plural order. xxncr earh They .Pmto continue,, years; bracket, Elizabeth Higginson; mat, thrcr:mCeS : were given to understand that this was to be a . coi.Jucte.1 by persoosfchoscn in life Annie Jaspersen, 8 years; .bracket, Lydia of trjal and sacrifice, and no one was forced each onHo and 10 years; cushion, Eliza all to the enter into this order only by the power of prule indivuluaU'in hem e e Ddds, 10 comb-case, the Holy Ghost, which bringing, as it did, con-- r Janet years; Jenkins, 10 years; vegfiction to their hearts, I may 8 years; hair switch, etables, did Jenkins, Hardy say compel to straw and Mary Laird; braiding. Jonv T.nirrl ft :them accept. obey it. Pure and exalted was their aim they saw a Elizabeth years; brackets, glory which they Stajidfiely, 10 years j could not aftain to accept this' drawing, ceymap Maggie Morgan; two cakes they obeyed lestial law, of which thev Would Icnnur nnfVii made by two little girls about 8 vears. also ; nor can they ever understand it needle work, flowers., knit and crochet lace, ti" r. ijiui .i only byithaL thattho BhMiBhMII-KSibhdier a beautiful nubia, nice mats of various " the styles, and many beautiful things too numer-- . voo 10 -" ' of prdcr (which those who "V talked , ous to mention. a openly sus- for the sickahatthLS16.1111 an manner ot licentiousnesa -a- na hat o.uci wero aiso songs ana recitations God would dLsannoj; v given and ctlme professing to look VUi tueraiea m 41 the obildren, and we had a upou it with smch all by th?ir pleaBant very plans," ftoly hoH'o? wd encfc m to destroy- us and aha; interesting time together. Bitter Ana M, Foster HpfRbof W family relations) ia tha first atid grandest going Saras Hoserts, President. tP .tomil ndvancement in that' great and Jvuk H. u . - inex-npripnn- her-sidead- d , -- .. - - o. ed '. - . -- God-give- '. J . . witli-their- . -- 1 e - . -- : r. J m 1 mj mm m.m,A 11 1. 1 1 1 - I I T f1 1 1 to-da- , . . r -- . that-evening- , , Jas-pexse- - 11 .;. 1111 reprihUrito n, ' - : wiicr - Ja&pobt, Secretary. 0 