W 0 M AK r8 We had the pleasure of meeting several ladids and gcntUmenof the Bw ton Excursion party, among them Mrmd Mrs. Goddard, MJor and Mrs, ricrca from Oranger4ss.7Fho Wve hear pur own home, and who were well acquainted with uome of cur relatives, which was especially trTntltvnv. Rcd"lhpn3pelvf'ft nleased Thpv nTTiri - r r cy cj with our city, and particular! with the sermon delivered in of PredentZOcga-iCjcnD' Sunday Jn the large Tabernacle. m D, " EX P 0 N B N T: jimOhijso June lit commences Volume 12 of the ICxi'ONKNT.' It is espeeled that wo shall have a covtr for the paper soon, and Indeed had anticipated commencing thte volume with it, but unavoidable delays have made it impossible to get the necessary forms herein time, and we do not think it wise to wait, but posib'y it will b$ ready by .the lat of July. It will give the paper a better appearance for a lady'd parlor or drawing-room table. ' We trust the friends and of the 'Mormon" woman's paper will renew their subscriptions and thereby help to made It popular, a well as a success fininciallyr It is a'ready much sought after by strangers and tourists as a method, of finding out something of the women of this peculiar people who are so ' mucn spoken against an oyer the world. number pi-tro- ns r ( -- uo m 1 1 , often ha stated he is liable to. Daniel Tyler. the Welch bmnerjs borne to the front, and the favorite srngfi of "Wild Wales.' The full chorus take up the refrain ir, English. T'hea a grand chorus in Welch. No w to t he Emerald Isle, and May 19tb,188J; 7 1' IN MEMORIAM. "The " the banner with the Irhh shamrock ong-Wearing of the green," and the fans are changed to green then forlheLiiyof La Belle France-an- d the Mar:ti).'e, changing the color again which will k ith other iterxs conclude the first It is with feellnga of tho deepest sorrow'" and lovio are called npoa to record the remembrance Ih&t-w- e death of Sister Alice Warbarton Noedbam, which took . place at her residence id the Seventh Ward, May 10tb,' . part of the programme of the firat concert, again with ,Germany, costume etc., and the old pong "Watch on the Kb ine," and still another change of colors,, Switzerland and Italy follow, end then northward to Sctndinavls, cf whic'i Utah contains a very large repreeenta-tioand Jotse diflerent eountrles will have fair and exc in their favorite music, fecng8 and ccstumes, with i anneis, mot-; tots, etc. vp- - y ba-gin- gng -- 1 AiL at Darsbury, Cheshire, England, i m one orv aiarcn iuui, wb mirnea 10 per ensoana, Brother J&mes Needh&m, in 1850, and immediately af- tenrards emigrated to America, and settled In Kanes-Yill(now Council Bluffs) Iowa, In which place she re- celved the Gospel and was baptized. Sho went to St. Lonls in 1852. where she resided nntif lS5k when iha came to Utah with her husband. In 1855 she came to reside in the Seventh Ward, and continued to reside up to the time of her death. She became a member of, -- thelWiefietTrthelV'ardat Uwltlme of Its --Kanlzatlo&rftndlled BuccessTrely the office of Coun selor and President, to which latter office she was chosen May 20tb, 1372, and continued to hold the same until her death. 1 Sister ; Needham was a faithful wife, a true and affectionate mother and a fatihful friend. From the time that she embraced the Gospel she never faltered In her faith, and her whole life was devoted to the disSaint in every charge of her duties ae a Latter-dain which she was" placed. She leaves-- husband, three children, seven grandchildren and a hoEt of loving, ' relatives and friends to mourn hor los.?. - io-z- j. e, -- '. . c lem-reprefentation, . Deceased was born i n, ra-o- I r- - I BELLE II ARRIS. have great pleasure in aufewerjr g the oft questicn; "Who is Belle Harris" Belle Harris is 'a daughter of Charles son of the late Ei er Harris, brother to Mai tin Harris, one of the three witnest'ta to the Bxk of Mormon. Her parents are early and highly respected citizens of Utah, The character of the 1 day., the 24 h of Julv., the memor. able anniversary o.' the, entrance of the pioneers into Suit Lake Valley, there will be t wo grand concerts given in the l?rge Tabernacle in thl .city, under the muii jal dirtc ion of Brother Evan Stephens, thw children' favorite. These two concerts tr for th . bnfl tt jducaUj-BcnooJ union, ine jjeserei ticspitai and Brother Stephens' classes. The proceeds to te equally umaeu oetween tee three institutions 'after all Iammm m J A wvam A a Knirn urcu maM ptuu. lwu preliminary Mpcuovo meetings have already been held and the preparatory work commenced. Brother Stephens will bring several hundred children from Ogden and Logan, who have been and are now beta? trained under hi care, to unite with his classes here In the city in the grand choruYea. Twelve hundred little singers In the Tabernacle will be a wonderful attraction. The programme is not yet quite completed, but will f issued very soon In pamphlet form and scattered throughout the several settlements north, south, .east and west. It will be a niauimotu ttiair, and in consideration of thejJay and object in view, it ought to bring thousands of people from other j la .es. The officers of the Sunday School Union act as a committee in behalf of that institution, Brother: George Goddard, Assiatan t Sup t. of Suhd ay School Chairman; and "Ways and Mean Committee" of the Daseret Hospital, Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, Chairman, are acting in behalf of the AesccIatldD; theso Committees will call to . . I.I .itik 1U iK.I Biututu L.I as II umer ueip i,u.i tuey require in oruer to make the affair a complete success. Two special committees have already been appointed. Elder George Goddard, Mrs. Annie G. Sharp and Mrs Prhcllla Jennings, C mmittee to make arrangements with the railroads for special rates ofrt v anil XIm P I) Xrll l UiU JLMm -. aava j oannon and Brother Evan Stephens, Committee on programme. The display will be a magnificent one, and will be worth seeing. The concert will open with music on the great organ by Trof. Joseph Daynes; then comes America's grand national an them "Hail Columbia by a grand chorus of twelve hundred voices, orchestra and orgsn accompaniments with twelve hundred American flags waving. This tcillnvceA tio tinnol'Viyi.inrwwv.vutva " - hv " J nlh nuiCltUUl- BUIJ jH, chorus by the full company. Then "Ho for EarbpeyEnglandcomes-flr8t,r- a youth bears tne baoner with the British colors, and "Role BrittenU" resounds from the orchestrf, a gentle Ont pioneer hla JnotMtr , The Jadtes will reme.aibcr doubtless, thit this, not yet converted to lhelI'ef that he Is deaigrr wren g, not withltandlng our wide legal dlf-TArnn nn th1 hi nr. rmtmiiat rinilnn man dressed in the British uniform sings the grand old song, while up Rce3 twelve hundred ' fans with Engd's,ti)fc next, with the. national airs and bagpipes; a boy. cesium o. bearing re--peat- ed IIri, fiuljrand tTjva.tl devoted to Ib nuwplcfon ATTVlrCuc pa-siti- r-d- iwufatlws.of refTct-tOO- nr beloved Alice W. Needham, wha departed this rresIdent,'Sister lite May 10th, 18S3, in tho year of her were unanimously adopted by tho llolicf Society of tha IOB lOIlDWing ay fifty-sevent- h T r as j. , y , '""tt""" frmale-Who-w- c a-- Seventh Ward of Salt Lake City: Whereas, God, in his infinite wisdom, has called from our midst our President, who was greatly beloved and respected by us all for her kind and gmtle disposition, her pure, virtuous and exemplary life, her faithful labors in our Society, and the many pood nnalitlp wmwtt Therefore, bo It rcsolred that we, the members of the inei society oi me oevenm ward of Salt Lake City, do deeply mourn the loss of our beloved President! Sister Alice W. Needham, and that we condole with her husband, children and relatives In their great loss. But while mingling our tears with theirs, wt would point with joy to the hope of a glorious ressurrection which , all true Latter-daSaints possess. And be it resolved, that we present a copy of these resolutions to ber" husband, and ; that a copy be sent to the Womjlx's Expojtekt for publication, and that they be spread upon our record book, that the knowledge oP' her virtue and inestimable goodness may bo handed i down to future generations for their guldancqand ema-- . er . on -- and Integ- their it Ifgion as Lattt rity, Saints. I believe thfy were all born in the Church. Belle is and always wa a firm believer In the testimony of her great Uncle Martin Harris, and is devoted to all tht doctrines cf the Church of which she has always been a highly ajdreiected memter. She is luteliigent and . Induatrious. The present unhallowed persecution is the only intimation I ever heard of her reputation being quistiontd. As to her marrlige relation! I netd not inquire, nor would it reflect any credit to me as a lawyer ta entertain the remotest doubt as to whether her to the question as to whether ebe was married or single was a privileged one. y It matters not whether she Is viewed a a, plural wife, prostitute, single wife, or no wife. I have already statad that her character Is beyond reproach and that point must not be forgotten. Belle Harris stands upon a higher plane, and in keeping with her higher nature, and as any virtuous lady should do, says to the jury and the" Court: "Gentlemen, you havo no legal right to ask this question and I decline to answer it." The question is an Insult and a vile insinuation of departed virtue; and yet were she a public prostitute no such question, either single or conglomerated as hers was would ever be asked. Who ever knew in a single court of free America, such a question to be pujtoja dragged into court without her consent? Echo answers, "who?" The court records may be searched In vain, except In some of the fanat'. ical conrtt of Utah. I admit that In case an unmarried woman has illegitimate issue and claims support from her seducer, such a question would be legally proper and would be asked by her attorney, at a necessary foundation to the establishment of the plantill'a claim, but who ever knew of a Court dragging such a woman before him and compelling her to convict even her paramour. Surely consistency Is a Jewel. The object of this communication is not to question the sincerity cf Judge Twigs. Iam an-w- y ' latl6nr ""yr IIlKRIET WCODBUBT, EixEX Dinwoodet, Signed ) " Counselors. Maht Axtce Lambert, Secretary. A man can never possess narrow-minde- d real and true generosity; he can never go be- P m it J i yuuu mere ueueuvieuce. laueyrana. Louisa B. Stephens is the first woman to be come President of a bank. She succeeds her husband in the First National Bank of Marion, 1 i : 1 -- t Iowa. : - -t- - v ilfe is made up. not of ereat sacrifices or duties, but of little thinw, in which smiles and kindnesses and small obligations, given habitually, arc what win and preserve the heart, and -secure comfort. Sir H. Davy. Li ilaria Mitchel, Professor of Astronomy in Vassar College, has received the'degree of L. L' D. from Hannover College, Madison, Ind., the first time this degree has been conferred on & woman. .. - 