W In the ytar 1810 and 18U, the Elders of the Saint Church of Jesus ChtlnV of Jatler-da- y IfliLed IhJitUjOoorGrafiM," MAN To-corrob- a nt zr T 6-3- r n. , to-da- AVOMAN'SYOICE. The Saints of God gain a great deal of strength by perusing yourpaperf the valuable Exponent. It la a duty, and should be a pleasure to give our feelings and meditations from time to time to gaining intelligence, so by them as well as by our prayers we can strengthen one another;: and how necessary it is that we should help one another, now above all other times, when scourges and Dee tilence arc eonco upon the earth. according to the predictions of ancientand modern prophets. For instance, in Doctrine and Covenants a revelation given through Joseph Smith, December 27, 1832, that not TTinnv dava hence and the earth shall tremble and reel to and fro like a drunken man, tnd the sun shall hide his face and refuse to give light, and the moon shall be bathed in blood, and the for "home tuition" was palpably vifiib Jo among mem; xney were promt 10 uieuiurum ie ytvrr gramme, and any one could see it was natural orate . r . " - "V - j -- h- - . . A I - fceemeajapp.TRnu xaxicnjx xuju iuo iuccmifo - HiarKiiiiK eves trii'ir w tuu sujujiuwum r j j f BucoauiK. r Iv answered, they werer "at home" in , ' evidently the whole affair. When the programme was through Sister Felt waa called upon to address the children, which a moat admirable, sweet, loving man- : she did in . 111 4 A - --- iZr;.i Jl ner, all her worU3 giving eamcawon nu encour- - espwiaiiy iuweu agemeni. xnia wj ture to be a teacher of children, she has the winning tact that fascinates them, and her teachings are full of practical common sense principles, she Is truly "a Mother in Israel." Sister Home was then called upon; her teach ings are well known for tneir aaaptaDiiuy to au whom she may address. Her work has been long and "able, and I trust length of days are of- samo-hb- er still before T. love. , ' her-tcrcontmue- -the -- l naa nommg xoa-tra6-icrenuorgeu- iisi which ! did in a few words. These primaries are certainly the flnesOchools for our young, children, it seems to me to ba a wide field in which the seeda of progression and eternal life may be freely sown, and that the produce must be a hundred fold. Every "heart in that meet ing seemed to bo full of Joy, and when we parted all seemed to feel it had indeed done us good o be there. God bless- - the presidents and ' all associated with the primaries, for it la a goodly work; God bless the parents of the child ren that compose them that they may realize wnaj a Diesamg sucn associations confer upon their children, that they may ever urge upon them to be punctual in their attendance, aD,d shew forth as beautiful -- aplcture as we beheld in the Twenty-firs- t Ward last Monday. No where can that Scripture be more appropriately fulfilled and realized: "Cast tby bread upon "the waters, and thou shalt find it after many days." Hannah T. Kino. 17th Ward, Salt Lake City. -- EDITORIAL NOTES. y! . We have received some very pleasant calls of late, from very Interesting people; one of them M.s. James Couper, Glasgow, Scotland, who in traveling in America for pleasure and ihforma-tioShe spent a few days in this city,and made several calls with ua on Mormon" people. She Is a very finely educated and cultivated woman, and has certainly had an opportunity to see and n. learn something concerning our homes and She expects to sail for home on the 20th of7July. We wish her a safe and pleasant Journey, and trust she may do some good in re moving prejudice. The delegates to the County Convention that waa held In this city, Jnly 14th, transacted the business for which they convened in a very creditable and satisfactory manner. Among other items of business they elected thirty-tw- o delegates to a District Convention to be held In the City Hall, July 21st, to nominate members " to the next Legislative Assembly. Of the thirty-two delegates, five are ladles, Miss Mattie Horne, Mrs. John Q. Cannon, Miss Sarah E. Vincent, Mrs. Charles W. Stay ner, Miss Nellie . Colebrook- .- Among the alternates are Mrs. EmlJy E. Brintcn and Mrs. Isabella McGhie. The County Central Committee of the People's Party were sustained as follows: John 8harp, D. O. Cilder, J. R. Winder, Feramorz Little, Theo dare Mc. Kean, I. M. Stewart, J. S. Rawlins, A. M. Cannon, John T. Calue, Samuel Bennlan, insil-tutio- A DELIGHTFUL PBIMARY. July 9th, I was invited by Sister Davis, President of the Primary of the Twenty-- r On Monday, ' n. : -- ' falleth oil a fig tree. These predictions are at our very door, and how . necessary it is to take His, the Lord's, counsel in this matter. Bead from paragraph 119 to 127 in the same revela-tfnTf we would do this how, much it would strengthen ns at that great and awfuLdayi Have we anything to do? There la the rearing of our young, our little children that God has blessed us with; how necessary it is to Implant in their minds while young, the principles of life and salvation; to teach them to rely on God 29 PONE N T. 1 Ohio, ana theie they raiiscd up a malilbMtficEi consistine of Bixtecn'inembers; In the Bumtner of ISU .thJa branch of the Church held their meeting! In a building that, was used o n w ee k ""days as was open most of the time having no lock or .'key On Sunday, towards tho Jtatter part of the summer 8 IK the teacher etched the sacra-raeaa usual, bread and wine; (the wine being his own make from, elderberries) ho left the bread and wine in a basket under on of the work benches while he went to dinner. In the afternoon sixteen perpont partook of the same; when he returned borne he took the decanter containing the wine out of the basket, and unthinking held it up between him and the sun when he discovered quite a quantity of sediment in it. This astonished him very much, for when ne put tne wme into me aecanter 11 waa perfectly clear. He said nothing about it to any one, but the next day he took it to a chem 1st and had it analyzed, It was found to contain about an ounce of arsenic. And sixteen per-- , sons drank of that poisoned wine, the writer of this sketch among the rest, and not one received any inj ury. Thus we saw and realized the fulfillment of the promiseifzyou drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt jou." But the offending party thought the Joke too good to about three months after a very wick-e- d keepr-I- n young man in tb town jidlbLHivlor-t-mons" could not be killed for he had tried it, said he, ''I put an ounce of arsenic in their : tacramental wine and they partook of it and It did them no harm." His name was Dhru John-soIn about four months after this circumstance transpired he quarreled with a man in a ballroom and was stabbed and killed. Moat of the witnesses of this Incident are now-dea- d, one did live in Parowan a short time ago and one lives now in Brigham City, Arizona. Itha3 been impressed upon my mind for some time to send the foregoing incident of history as it seems as if all such items should be put upon Joanna C. Teeples. record. Holden, June 15th, 1883. flc thafe EX 8 under all circumstances; to teach them to pray. What more Boftejtiing and touching in its nature than a little childa faith in p?ayeiT thU staUnient I "will relate a circum- stance: Ar iJgy220&Jvr ytxn old, wag playing alone by the Btae ot the house; the ..mother was drawn from her work by hearing him say, iVmenBhe stepped fd thedoor, where the little one was playing and there beheld his little table, with his tread end eup of water; she said, "What are you doing darling? v The little fellow looked np, his face beaming with smiles, and said, "Pse asking the beefcing, I said besa the Bissop, and mtka..-hl- 3 feets well." The mother caught her little one in her arms, and thanked the Lord for her treasure. I will here explain. A ghor t time ago the Bishop of this" place met with an accident and had to have six of his toes amputated; and not only having the prayers of the Saints, but the prayers of the Infanta for his recovery waa' touching in the ex treme. I pwrate this to show the spirit that is working upon our little ones. TheTrhai kept back the noble spirits, to corns and take bodies in this dispensation, to carry out purpoeei upon the earth in these last days. There is a great work for the Saints to do, for the Lord has set up Hia kingdom never more to be thrown down; for he says, In Doctrine and and Covenants, Sec. "The Keys of the Kingdom of God are committed unto man on the earth, and from thence shall the Gospel roll forth unto the ends of the earth, as the stone which was cut out the mountain without hands ob all roll foith until It has filled the whole earth.' Therefore, if we are partakers of this same Gos-- , pel or kingdom, which we know we are, and those who do not let them pray diligently until they do know, can afford to stand the persecu-tionso- f the evil one and his accomplices; they Uo not know what power it is that Impels them in their evil, work. We can truly say, in the words of Jesue, "Father forgive them, they know not what they do." God has said, "I will avenge the wrongs of my people." We can afford to wait his own time; the main thing is for us to be 7 alive to our duties and privileges, and all the blessings that God has promised His Sainta he will assuredly fulfill. He has promised to light our battles, is He not as good as hia word? Has he not commenc3d already? Look at the nations of the earth Who cannot acknowledge Hia hand In this? "God moves in a mysterious way Hia wonders to perform." Let ua be wakeful to the times, and prayerful, so when the Bridegroom cometh we will be numbered among the wise virgins, with our lamps full and burning. J.E. C. ' June 1883. Stb, Orangeville, Lorain Co., of-1- O I flrstWanf, to be present at their annual meeting, nothing preventing, I did myself the pleasure of attending the same. Sisters Home, Felt, Toone and others were also present. There waa a fine asremblage of healthy, intelligent and well behaved children ready to receive us; the children opened by singing, and recitations,-dialoguesongs, and Indeed all their performances were, I may say perfect, for Ecarcely any prompting was needed, even little children of three and four years of age recited without any assistance, both boys and girls;. if was really wonderful. I do not like to par tlculariza where all was good, but I must name Eva Barfoot, who exhibited decided talent in reciting; she has the right ring in her voice, and her gestures were gentle and expressive; all the children did cred. it to their teachers and also to their mothers s, " - m. 