' The Bights of the Women of Zipn, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. 12. No. 12. LIFE'S SUMMER IS WANING. founded in that they are ambitious and aspiring.. Seeing that their fathers and mothers are : the most ambitious people upon the face of the whole earth, not to obtain worldly honors, but", to become good and great, and that they . are aspiring to thrones, prineipalittes and 1 powers in the celestial kingdom of our God, to becomeGods, even ; the sons and daughters of God, if they were not aspiring they would scarcely do credit to their parenAs for political os- tage and training. tracism, I fancy .that they would scarce--l- y ; feel at home in any other ' element, 'tis their native air. Has the world ever treated them as brothers in the great family of our Father? Their fathers and mothers have counted the world ' well lost for the Gospel's sake, and have freely forsaken all in obedience to the call, "Come out of her, 0 ye my peo- - ... pie, that ye partake not of her sins, that ye re-- . ceive not of . her plagues." Brave young men indeed, if they cannot bear politioal, ostracism, when their parents have not only, borne - that. - but - banishment ""from civilization (so called) to a wild, barren country, inhabited only by javages and wild beasts, (even these were kinder than their Christian friends) where it was hoped they could, not live. Worthy sons of such fatners and mothers. Had I a son grown to manhood who would forsakethe religion for which his parents had suffered so much for po- litical honors, or any other cousideration, cept from an honest conviction that it was wrong, I should be far, very far from proud of How swift the fleeting year depart Old time's stern band we trac- e- : Which leaves, If not withlnthe heart, Its impress on the face. Bat yester mora to mo it seems. The hair -- . that onco was sunny brown Onco-whitea- nd Jir . . lustrous light. The face that in life's youthful day Was like the apple bloom, , : , Is changing fast to gray; sound . The pearly teeth ' Are falling to decay; The eyes that onco were clear and bright 1 . And sparkled like the dew, Have now exchanged For one of sadder hue. . 'Now plainly says that mortal clay Is destined for the tomb. And wit?i the transient bloom of youth TThat from my brow hath fled, Lie many of its cherished hopes ' Entombed among the dead- Tes, many castles bright andair, Which fancy made complete, Now lie like bubbles of the air In ruins at my feet. And shall I mourn departingyo,uth Who's evanescent joy ' given place ttKJospel Fruth, So pure, without alloy. Ah, no! a thousand times more fair Is truth's effulgent beam?, A God to hear and answer prayer, Than youth's vain,, fleeting dreams. There is a beauty not of earth, :' That fadeth not away, faithful But for the and the good Increaseth day by day. The Holy Ghost doth joys impart, WhIch none but Saints may know; -- A4ml m it ha t h for every 6mart, A bliss for every woe; Its joys end 'not with mortal life, Its peace can never die; jThe righteoas still this gift possess In realms beyond the sky. " 1 self-sacrifici-ng -- - that son. . But I have no fears for the yonng men of Utah.' God has designed that a noble race should be raised up in these mountain fastnesses, and trained in the nurture and admonition of the Lord, for this purpose has the Lord revealed that holy orderof celestial marriage, which the' world "make so. much fuss about, be raised up unto j HthatraTighteous seed might Him, with greater faith even than their fathers had, that they might bear off this great work triumphan t; and what is the world that they should fear it, when they know they are en gaged, m the work of the Great God? . -- There may we meet, sweet friend of mine, When mortal life is through, Where joys that fade so soon in time Shall be forever new. When earth restored shall be our place, All pain and sorrow cease, , , When Christ, the Lord, unveils His face To bring His Saints release. M. A. Rum. November 1st, 1883. . PHYSICAL CULTURE. Gymnastics is a term of very extended sig- F: POLITICAL OSTRACISM. 1 have just been reading that ' tlie second annual (to me) amus?rtlre' tt? rePri of the Utah Commission. Let us quote from the precious document, iIUs thought that discrimination between those MormnnT polygamy and those who do not, while not? nkely to have much eflect upon elderly... men. who have already a - plurality of wive nnrf young v .ea 0f the Territory, W,'U.i w ii 7 cmuia .anyTf whom" not Uke poiHicai ostracism." I - five hundred . years there was produced in Greece a succession of the strongest and bravest men. and the most healthful and bprnififnl -- women that have ever lived." , would like to X word kind a Alice to C. .. say Smith. I am very pleased to make your acquaintance, and XT' greet you warmly over. , moun- -x ou say-yo- u sea. auu are - a- - "coward mifl "and so wear your old clothes fetters," I am not, but wear independently a short dress about my work. If people do not like it they are at liberty to' dislike it, it is all the same to me. ' S. G. S.Ex. - 1- ' - . -- THE L.ASTHCH AKrERTRnTTOcrrW """ NAUVOO. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. During the week that we remained in Nauvoo we" called upon a few of our old neighbors, among them was Dr. Weld, one of the "oldest settlers, where we epent one evening.; My husband's sister, Sarah Ann, accompanied us to Mr. Hibbard's. who were also old settlers kt Commerce and they" had received the GospeL The "3Iormons" settling there speedily increased their wealth, so that instead of their old log row a large brick mansion was soon reared. But their worldly riches made a ship- . MXvVHk t 1 J . nuuy avvxj T 1 a&uvu . i "I iiiir ugccwOGUt-. - .. H O naa peen associaieaixogeiner irom tne nrst set tling of Nauvoo, and the first party that my brother William and mvself attended in that place was given on the first Christmas by their littleson and daughter, and after, we were grown up we were invited to several balls given in their new home. In fact the old lady had a number of times, when in a good mood, thrown out sly hints that I might be the wife ef her son William, who would be the heir to their estate. ThoughUheir home was beautifully situated upon the banks of the na-tur- ' . : -- .Since life's bright summer's dawn - Shed first:on me Its radiant beams And now 'tis well nigh gonn. youths were almost continually, out of doors; every boy learned how to plant and harvest the cropsreverrfirirlliow to do household work. The . highest lady in Sparta did - menial work. Jn :tneir early training in the gymnasium the . . . . i i i i n .i eacn i uontestea-wiiotner uuy augiris in tne in very little clothing "simplest clothing-inde- ed at all. Every physical power-stoo- d out" boldly. "Every heal thyJSpar tan girl was obliged to marry; every sickly girl was obliged to ab stain from marriage. Girls were not allowed w Lu.a.Lij jryuiig, tucjr iv vi w uv mature nrsu. Boys and men were treated in the same way. No sickly young man could marry, but all - the70og men of Uuh, I that tteopmion of the Tjtah Commis ionhope h well nification. Among the ancient Greeks it meant that part of physics which related to exercises for the health. The Greeks understood well what an intimate connection there is between ... body and mind; how invariably the healthy or sickly temperament of the one influenced that : of the other; so that when the body is strong, healthy and active, the mind is elastic and ca-- i pable of accomplishing a great deal; but when the former is diseased and frail, the latter is languid or depressad.. The Spartans worshipped the beautiful;, J)ut the beauty of the face did not suffice; it had- - to be a beautiful body; they saw the highest ideals of beauty only in the perfect human form. I quote in brief from an article written by Dr. Holbrook in the Herald of Health. 'The Spartans did more than worship the beautiful and useful; they took means to secure them. They gave to every boy and girl suchan education as l would secure tothem bodily"perfection. The ed Mississippi, with a lovely green lawn sloping down from the house to. the river bank, with flowers and shrubbery, and the view from the water was most charming, neither my ambition nor my fancy would lead me in that directfOnY for he 4had neither education, polish or wit. His father was what might be termed a fine old gentleman, and was very generous and hospitable, but his wife was quite the opposite, and sometimes nearly a shrew. They owned large , orchards with a great variety of fruit, but to see other people eating of it .without paying her' caused her to feel very uncomfortable. Her son and youngest daughter were her pets, and the latter had been lately married to a cousin who had come there from the east. We did not call out of. any. desire of our own, but went by the request of a friend, as we were--. . . 