I- - 1: - ' The Bights of the Women- of Zion, and the Eigbtsrof the Women of all Nations. - ; SALT :iiAKBVQir Vol.. 12. FIGHTING THE BATTLE. No. 13. the new day" may Ievererive vou ihis nlens-- " ure when you read mljDiler------ rUhT-no- , dear lady, there is "no antagonism between us on- account of religion,", we will, not even name that unless cn passant, or you make, an inquiry, about it, and then you will find mine ''the lfeii of a ready writer." for on I am always "at home;" I am like you in respect ot searching for' truth, the hand-maid of God; and I want to behold her in her sublime nudity, as she came from tho courts of heaven; I want no tinsel of the world to garble her chaste and beautiful form, and " may my eyes ever- be pure and clear enough to bchoM.and appreciate her. You speak of the opinions and the judgments by which you are surrounded. Let me say, the day of judgment is still in the future, though: many presume to usurp the scat; as a people &?&fou( say with David in an hour of trial, "Let me fall into the :. l'ilifn!, pitiful 'tis to eeo Our friends 'twixt S.gjxil ; " poYerty'sJ'minetojiCrUMd "' ... juXIIce, - 7-- rof When instead of fallen and cru6hcdr they're found Fighting the battle 'gainst "hard, hard times," ' ' Vanquishing fairly bo fierce' a. foc; ' Strengthen the toiler who bravely climbs .Ahead of despondency, want and woo. : i'itiful, pitiful.'tia as truo t w . are down,-.The weak by the mighty trampled But yet there aro worthier, a noble few, of profit or fair renown Fighting the battle 'gainst monstrous wrong?, ' Steadily striving "the point" to gain; Gladden such workers with cheerful song?, . Lean to the lowly and blowings obtain. ritiful, pitiful 'tis to know For right and freedom the best have died; Bat the ashes of martyrs revive and glow; The apostles of progress are scattered wide, Fighting the battle 'gainst iron creeds, Clearing the vision of 60uls so blind, J Uphold the preacher who 60ws the seeds Of truth In the hungry immortal mind, r that-nphje- ' KMIi.Y God-give- - II. WOOPMAN'KK. J ... riJe-njuieinzi;im- I have long been 1 its to-b- own-sensatio- , ns Qno mis--judge- d, convinced that it is cultivated souls that most easily amalgamate, and the genial soul disco congenial affinity, ,even in the dark. This assertion I con Id read ily elaborate, but must not be too prolix, and tho fact is patent; a large heart and a broad brain are necessary to form and cement that friendship which is with the organized spirit, and with the understanding. The training of woman has been and still is so defective; their schools need sent to school that they may cease to mar what God and some have ofearthly ten made so beautiful! Poorparentage woman ! I have at this moment an "open vision" of the general teaching of girls from infancy upwards, and Ut w marvelous that they are as good as' they are. God is at the helm, and saves the frail human bark from "breakers" in a thoii ' . " ?uu,1 instances. How you when express my you tell me yours. Your pride when you read a noble article from the pen of a woman. I read on and what an echo I hear in my heart w your truthful word. I can but rejoice your remark that my letter before weakfast gave you a pleasant "coming beginning for . -- rili5!!5wOeraarliS thAvcenshouldlifavv a '. -- goo4-Latter-da- Many thanks, "dear madam, for your kind and prompt response to my letter; I will endeavor to answer it seriatim. I am pleased to take the place you have so kindly allotted nuyas one of the "beads" on your "rosary;" which you keep "proudly and lovingly by your side'' I fully realize the: A ta. . our-cnurc- BY ITxVNAir T, 'KIA'O.' C( ; - FRAGMENTS OF EPISTOLARY CORRESPONDENCE. ifearer to each other, and . - ' ' y Your following remarks upon the diflerent. . i. : n i .i c.i i iciigiuxis jiuviug a iiciu ior action anowea them, is just; most righteous would it be that the L. D. S. have this same field of free action that they may develop themselves. Permit me to say you are in error kins of the 'corruptions, et cetera... In the principles of there are no "corruptions." thev n are perfect, because and not the work of jnan. WhateverJs wrong among its members is their own work, and for that they must be responsible; it requires a very pure, unselfish, broad-soule- d y being to make a You Saint. say .'you have a religion of. your own, and who has not? Especially one of strong individuality and a deep thinker such bow to the statute laws of their church, but need the comraoii law for the creed of their own souls and their own organizations, so various and so complex -- i this said' human bu tnhenvaiisliOvnich theyhadmade tmT . 1 organism J "Journey, no food but .what remained of that Now.you allude to polygamy aud the'vir- which they had brought. - Was rebellion heard tuous indirrnation" out there: you are right against the leader ot this mightypeopier eously sarcastic on their order of things; yon mean to be just, but, dear madam, "compariVerily, no ! Faith in God and this very lead- e r made "the rough jdaccs smoot sons are odious" in such a matter, there are hj: a ml. tli e : ;, f hrWatta r JlPJi e,thereca arllaespia will of man now," so belied, so. the tell whole: Tyfyb1ur so misunderstood; it is sufllcient for him sheets might be written, for verily it is a pro-- ; I ifi c and for this people to know, he was led by the theme; but I must remember i t is a. etter baud of God-th- at all authorities iu the Church and not ahomilv I am writing. of Latter-daSaints are led by the same spirExtract.. of-d- uty it if tlieyare injthe-jiat- h the most -feels becnirea-dinL. D. S. and knows I have just simple and feeble there is a tower mightier than man that holds sentHmo from the "Daily Telegraph." I should, and guides the destinies of this "peculiar peo-- , like to sit face to foce with the writer, for a short time; I would set him a chair and then 1 j)lc" The "Daily Telegraph" writer has faded 's from this to allow me of criticize writing yours say, 'my mind, 7 J seem to need one of which I hold in my hand. In the first place telescopes to again make him palpablc-thi- s is a just and true figure of how the ene- you know nothing of the character of the man ,' mics, andrthepposers, and the you so flippantly and unsparingly cut upas and the skeptic, and the infidel, and eveiy though you were an omniscient being. You belie your own judgment in almost every part thing that hurts, or offends, or blights the prosbe admit would such an equivocating witness pect, or impedes the progress, or for a time held her balted into any court where-justidestroys happiness and peace, and every voice will be hushed that is screaming "sedition, re- ance even? Judge ye all who read this article to the constitution7"evict with their eyes open and no veil on their un hellion, disIoA-altderstand ingBrjghanLYQungwa3( as fa r above"' ThosTpcople of the mountains," et cetera. We will wake one morning and behold all such "your garbled criticism as was Jesu3 Christ, , above that of the Jews and the Roman popusilent, the night had carried them away ,r and lace. "joy cometh in the morning." Foot to foot, shoulder to shoulder, hand to hand, heart to hc knew he lied, . I would show himwhere d soldiers because be contradicts himself, and I would heartTljfain to brain, like let the Latter7day Saints move on. "The sword of the Lord and of Gideon" being their would also ask him, do you positively, believe . mouth. that a quarter of a million cf people are all . . Salt Lake City. the-vole- he in-she- a Fearful the shadows they o'er us cast, I5ut oh, there aro many we're proud to know Fighting tho battle 'gainst greTious woes, l'ushing their purpose with mind, and might; "' Honor the hero whose telling blows Count In tho contest for aught that is right. your mind could be opened, that knowledge could be given unto you for a time, long enough to ever after "give you common, sense, the greater gift of God, then your eyS wouid be open and you would behold your! nudity I would have liked to have placed fyou under the i'nflucnco of that quiet eye that would have pinned you to your seat by of.trutl), " of honesty, of power anl of. reproof which it would have emitted. Yes, I only a woman would have made that man feelsmali as he had never felt before by the simple power of the sj)irH of truth which I possess as the ift o f "God,. which surely would have been within me atthetimel spoketo him. ": Ah ! one moment these scribblers speak of Brigham Young as a marvel among men,"One of the most successful men the prcsen t gen era- tionhas-knonand in-tnext sentence ," brand him as an arch impostor, "a man- of no education and culture." They get a glimpse i of tile grandeur of the man's character, and , they. cannot but own it, or stamp themselves as I ignorant dolts, but they try to throw it into the shade by speaking of his low birth, his non-ed- ,' ucation, et cetera.What dupes such writers must.be to their ovni narrow creed, to believe that a man unaid ed byA power not often known or acknowledged upon the earth, and without a collegiate the world puts in the place of God) could have gathered together a quarter of a million cf people offering them no riches. or aggrandizement of this eWorld but "sacrifice" is the first word of the covenant abandonment of home and loved ones a journey through along and wearisome travel to a wilderness where no friends" were waiting to re ceive them, no she . - Ob, inore " ct - . than'piliful 'tU how fiBt 'Troubles and evils do etart and grow, fools? The brainless, heartless beings von nnr- Uod ! I wish the vision of tray tnem." -- y the-elippiiigy- DU' Iler-BcheH- , e would-be-wise- . : ce y . . well-traiue- " 