W OMA N S EX P 0 N KIT. nnnRvrrrioNi In the EXPONENT"of June 15th, 23rd line,Jhe word on 3rd (lumn of or vigor, or in any particular? Have sense AND has been omitted, altering the that go to attributes and the all cot gifts they somewhat; the word AND should be inserted nsake up nobility cf character ia ni?n and so as to mate H lead, "there "and to! the contrary and wpmen?;'"No one can Young's"- - , speak truthfully. 7 coun-- , Faith Promoting The Tenth" book "of Speaking of the emigration from other -- Serka has been bstd recently from the Juven- tries, what ditference is there here flhanelie wherefoneje.xcept it be that Mormons Jle Instructor Office. It is entitled, 'Scraps of Elda more to assist foreign population in becoming" Biography," and contains, "Sketch of an " to the der's Lifei FatherJohnTanner; IncIdent8 of; good citizens, and adapting themselves Daniel conditions of the country. They are taught Tyler; and Newel Experience," into the more carefully and specifically in relation Knight's Journal. The book is exceedingly testimo-nie- s of the country. rhis is a teresting, containing rmany-poweriresult of tha perfect and- - thorough organization" to the truth, the healing . of the sick, of the Church itself, both with men and women; prophecies fulfilled and manifestations calculaThere is every opportunity of becoming enlightted to strengthen the faith of the young. ened on all general subjects. Mormon girls and These excellent works should be in the homes as In women have as sensible ideas upon marriage Saints, and certainly of all the Latter-da- y " are any. people In the civillzal world. They the libraries cf the young folks, v to consider thoroughly taught and instructed Sisters P. L. Kimball and H. M. Whitney, well before accepting this sacred rite, and to attended the Ladles Conference of Tooele Stake, choose wisely. More particalarly are they held at Grantaville, Saturday and Sunday. cautioned in this regard, because, the covenants attendance and an excellent rbut reach InloZ There was a good theyjmakaare not only- - for time, ' feeling among the people. On Monday the sis-- , to matter an is make It eternity. important ters went over to Tooele and met with each of choice of- - acompanionfor this life, bat how the organizations Relief Society, Y. L. M. I. much more so does it become when the union is A. and P. A. From there to Pine Canyon, an eternal one. In order to fnyestigate the "Mor-- . where they had three meetings again, then at mon" question it ia essential! necessary to St. Johns, and then at ;Verncn. On returning know the people themselves, and, not accept Pa tfcsy lack in natural mtelligence1in'pHysical-strengt- h, Istge, r.gg -- " rtai FaM&krf Mxrthm3ti7, ia S2i lale C5ty, Terasr On copy one year, S3.' 00; oae copy six - $1.00 Ten price of "nine; Advertising. cop!for the oce ": .'. Etia :ijrateit4ejMMrteir- $3;;.?ni :time, rrefnlar ulrertiMrs. r:' disco; t( :A'"r"""':"-"- Office la brick building north of Z. C. M. Tempi Street, "Business hoars from 10 . m. to Etpoxest Eit :5 pTtmjd&yeKeptBmidAy. VIT :14 htahjnje t TawVaTitiTp-nvfinimen- AddreM all business communlcAtlons to Publisher TVomajt's Exrojrorr, Salt Lake aty Utah. . JULY 1,1883. SALT LAKE CITY, IS IT IGNORANCE? It seems a very common thing with people o&aqu&inted with the facts to Bay, it Is the ig norance of "Mormon" women "that keeps them In bondage," that "makes them submit to plural marriage;" when in truth the very contrary is the case. It la because cf the intelligence they possets on subj ects connected with their existence here and hereafter, as well as that of their posterity and kindred, the hopes entertained) and the actual knowledge concerning the future that causes them to embrace a doctrine so unpopular and so objectionable in the eyes of the world. Such paragraphs as the following una similar ones abound in the newspapers and journals of the day: "It was hoped by giving Jhe women of Utah the ballot thejrwoultfuselt for the destruction of the monster, which keeps them under its iron heel, in hopeless misery," These people may be well meaning, but they talk nonsense and tolly in the extreme. Who are the "Mormon" women, who accepted plural marriage when the principle was first revealed to the Prophet Joseph, and taught to a few of of the people called Latter-da- y Saints? They were Just such sound, practical, intelligent women as the -- fore mothers of New England and the women pioneers of those Eastern States. Women prepared to encounter hardship! and privation, perils by land and tea for the sake of the religion in whfch they devoutly and implicitly believed. Aye, more ! Determined not only to make the sacrifices Incident to air these sufferings, but still further to prove their integrity to God by denying themselves that others might be benefitted and exaltod. Is not this an actual demonstration of that golden rule the Savior gave to hia followers: "Do unto others as ye would they should do unto you." These noble women are like other good, pure, virtuous women, Industrially, morally and Religiously they are far above them in the graces which elevate and adorn human Character. It is no wonder that contem- - -- d women many are plating these led to exclaim, "it ii not possible that you are like us, for if you were you could not live in auch relationships." To esteem others equally with yourtelf la necessary; to" consider the rights and privileges of those with whom you are as- - toclated as is requisite in one great family. The women who entered hihv these sacred covenants of marriage for time and all eternity accepted this holy order as a divine revelation and commandment, and in H jmcerety,-with-- d iDopuiest:mouves-ODeyethe game. To be sure there has another generation grown up aince the establishment cf the principle of marriage, but has America any reason to -- be ashamed of these youDg people? their traits ye shall know them, eaid the "By Savior." noble-minde- ce-lest- " ial . t t ul - . testimony cf reporters, tourists and sensational writers, nor yet of political demagogues, whose sole aim is to make capital by the votes of the Territory, and turn everything into the hands of tfiefr own party. "Mormon" peeple have rights under the Constitution, and - they will seek to maintain themomeiTTarwell as men. If anyone supposes these tame women citizens to be ignorant of the rights the ballot gives them, then they know yery little about the women of this Territory, and our advice to them is, let the matter rest until you have an opportunity of solving7 the problem by thorough investigation, and not from one side, and remember the words of the Savior, "Judge not, lest ye be Judged-- " - HOME AFFAIRS. 7 "A Venerable Woman" la again omitted for want of time to prepare thecopy, but we have some interesting items for the next issue. Independence Day, the glorious Fourth, is to be celebrated at Fort Douglas with music, songs, orations, reading of the Declaration of Independence and other appropriate demonstrations of a like character. Various amuse-ments games and for the young people make a desirable programme. -E.On 8aturday, June Clawson 10th," Sisters M. P.Young, and C. Cobb attended a C. special meeting atEiat Mill Creek, called for the pur-poof organizing a Primary Association. Bisb- "Clawson organized. ,PI? lded and following ofllcers were unanimously sustain ed: Fanny E. Oliver, Presidant; F.M. Neff and & E. Fisher, Counselors; Mamie Neff, Secw Z fr retary; Eva Fisher, Treasurer. Twenty.seven members -- were enrolled. ; going steadUy on for the concerts in the Tabernacle in this city on the -- 4th of J aly. They will be very interesting J?eed; onejhousond of the sweet singers of Zlon in the choruses will surely be an attraction. The best orchestral music and the moat popular singers Utah "can boastLwill take or-mo- re pro- grammes will soon bo Issued. The concerts are of Stephens, the nVdlrCtIoxi r -- Jtheir-labors- in this issue. On WednTsdlByTJanuary 20th, two Wmen'a meetings were held in Farmer's Ward, one at ten a.m. to reorganiza the (Primary Association. Mrs. 8arah Ann Cannon, the former PresI-dehaving resigned on account of moving frcm the Ward, Mrs. Reha Pratt was cho&en to act aa President. Sisters Zina D. H. Young, M. I. Home, P. Woodruff,: B. W. Smith, M. E. " - nt Kimball, M. P. Young, Louie Felt, Ellen C. Clawson and Camilla Cobb attended the meeting. A sumptous dinner was prepared by the sisters at the residence of Mrs. Angle Frink, and at two p.m. a meeting of the Relief Society was held, Mrs. Emma Woodruff presiding. Tuesday, June 19tb, a meeting was held in the Seventh Ward school house, Bishop Wm. Thome presiding, for the purpose of reorganizing the Relief Society. Bisters M. I. Home and E. B- - Wells were present by invitation. Bishop Thome placed In nomination Mrs. Mary Alice Lambert as President toflll the vacancy caused by the death of the late President, Mrs. Alice Needham. Mrs. Lambert chose as her Counsel-or- s, Mrs. Harriet Woodbury and Mm. Annie Dlnwoodey; Mrs. Mary Alice Woodbury was chosen as Secretary; Mrs. Ella Broadbent, ant Secretary; and Mrs. Mary Alice LamTreasurer. bert, .These sisters were unanimous-- " ly sustained by vote, and set apart under the hands of Bishop Thomt and Counselors. and Woodbury. Ai-sist- Mc-Lachl- in . Preparations are parllmthe:programmeroslerrand they attended a meeting at Clover Creek where Bishop de St. Joer organized a Relief Society, with Mrs. Jemima Stookey) president. While In the Stake the sisters viaid among the sick and administered to many, comforting and en-- . , We have couragingesiiterajn "some reports for publication, but have not space AN INTERESTING TRIP. . NEWS SILK INDUSTRY, ' "On the morning of the 14th of May I took train and went to Brigham City for an "out," and for an indefinite time. On the 19th inst, hi company with my brother, Lorenzo Snow, and Ma aon Alphonso, lecenOy returned from a Southern mission, I went by caniage to Washa-kJ- s, tagwn m Lelndianyaiin'inBox Eldtr i 