, t The Bights of the Women of Zion, and Vol. 12. SALT LAKE ; CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER 1, 1883. WHEN HEAVEN'S SABLE GARB IS SPREAD. ; . " "Night unto night showeth the knowledge of God; ' the heavms declare His glory and the lirmfmit'ttt Ehow-- . ".jc th rttisJi and i workf lherei8ffwch-nor-langHflge'w here their voic is not heard." Davii. - heaven's eable garb Ib Epready And nil Is cairn and still. "When bright ttarF, glittering overhead, When, TLe liinvtrutnt do MI, When full of majesty .the mooii Mounts high upon her throne, Then, oh! 1 love, my soul in tune, Jfh'jvah's care to own ! '" .firm-boun- young beauty; the being is all joy and gaiety, it sees life through a jewelled len", health' and' strength invigorate the limb?, and the pure, bloo I rushes through the mysteriously organized system, and the heart and brain dance in concert. rTNaf ure puts on her: sweetest apparel to welcome 'its "presence, and the birds mount their leafy tribunes and pour forth floods of m u sic to welcome youth and beau t y. The smile of heaven beams upon-thearth, and the breathes the ambrosial pervery atmosphere fume of the scene; pleasure invites the youth the festive .dancv, w uh u sweet, suulnnliving strain?, call them out to revel in its maze; health fans the cheek and invigorates the step, and earth seeins-Jthem only a theatre, forl their happiness and enjoyment. Like dissolving views, behold, before we are scarcelyt&JrTire of it, that scene has past forever to them. Summer is herewith all its rich profusion, na ture puts on her most, gorgeous apparel, "llow- ' LJlMX'nP-- .FbyJ-Bl- io uld d wH' More on the things of God "When darkness, like a spell, lieigus over earth's dark sod! Yet then it seems a solemn, Errand, Lends presence to the view, ' rulxih' I the?t-4a-lto ti.u&, The works of God pursue ! d . -- o'e .Oft when the day of toil is done, And Nature is. at rest' . ,Whcn cares tlnk with the setting sun, And all a roll n d seems .Mcst ' I stand and gaze in yonder sky, "Where theJoOLeJ7jmieiLof..Hatio!i3. glitter orbs.of light, ami-lter-h- is cad adorned with a chaplet of a thousand flowers. KThe youth "of whom we spake" have grown to maturity, they are now in lull, blown man and womanhood. They have entered the arena ofUfe, some are swallowed up in the vortex of pleasure, which often is pain and sorrow in domino, others are plodding on rough road, where thorns often pierce their feet and but few flowers spring up in theirj pathway,, yet they press on and on, and perseverance and en- durance make them heroic; and strange as it may seem, yes, strange even to a paradox, these are generally the chosen ones the be- loved whom angels guard and help, and soften "their palFhy' sweet invisible.means, that cheers the hearf and makes strong the spirit, till en durance becomes a habit of daily wear; and now and then they coine upon an oasis ; i n t he desert of life, on which they throw themselves in sweet abandon, and experience such rich en joyment as the pampered denizens oi wealth can never realize. God i3 .with them, therefore all is right. Others are in the mart or merchandise, or the law courts, "or the senate, holding the reins and guiding the ear of state that strengthens and ol'ten builds.- - a nation. Others are poring over the midnight lamp, making grand d iscoveries for futu re progression in arts and. sciences, some' bearing high- sounding names that ring through the world and make even nations tremble. - Others working silently but unsleepingly, and their work will yet upheave mountains, they are not' known or recognized by the magnates of the eWorld, but God's eye. is -- upon them, and -- His - Spirit sustains and propels them. All, all are employed in the complex laboratory of God's 7 wonderfuland t glorious creation in which design is visible throughout the universe. ,Time unveils. truth, seasons rolljind change, and all things arc culminating to a terminus. Summer i3 past, and Autumn, sweet, pensive Autumn is upon us with, the world of wealth that is her prerogative to shower down for the children of earth to gather into tho diifereut garners suitable to receive it, grain, fruitand vegetables, food of every kind, all to be stored away for the sustenance of the large family of earth. Summer is past, and many are eaved and many are lost, or appear to be so, but there is a future that will reveal secrets, unravel gordian knots, remove mountains, and make the rough places plain, when the judge of all the earth shall come forth, holding his bal - - "' Talk of man's works, invention?, schemes, And of his mighty power, They two but baseless, empty dreams A fleeting, passing hour' Compared with the eternal roiind, The never-failinscene God's grand works, that do surround And everywhere are seen. g tf Lo, take a single grain of wheat, Scan veil its size and form, Then with thywi8dom try complete One like it, uniform. ",; Or, ere the morning's sun does rise, Lo, take the sparkling dew, And tell mo if thon canst devise " A drop to match it true. ; You cannot, though your" wisdom great Seems wondrous here to man; God's works no one can imitate, Though hard they think and plan. : Then as the sable garb" of night time the heaven spreads I'll In Jehovah's works delight Till life this body sheds. ' Jch -- " . James II. Wallis. Salt Lake City, Utah, Sept. 2otb, 188;k AUTUMN, 1883. HANNAIJ T. KING. ; fore-ordain- - Autumn calm ! Sweet Autumn is upon us, it a season in which the mind' is Irawn mtp deep reflection. thinking, The seasons a s vivid picture of human life. January, with its immobility: ts sW i:r -- i, less and dndemnTWrpH ma! creation of up so closelv that wo oa nel? f .?U-nffi- God;e nn.V . . v And feeble lips do fail vhm I Attempt to tell the sight. feel,"- ii . J... -- but time rushes on, and );eh'0ld Spring is hen-thinfant has become youth, life in all its' e - ed No. ance even, and : 0. clothed with the robe of and. by these shall the judges be jutic. judged, and all the great rulers of the earth, side by with the .cure and the humble, ' even to the mejidicant. Wait, ye Latter-daSaints, wait with patience, but with un deeping watchfulness; for verily you have a future! , The autumn of life has now. arrived, the human mind ha3 attained its acme, is ripe and concentrated. Those that we have reviewed 'as youths and students, teachers and leaders have now matured into heads of houses and families, fathers and mothers, judges and coun-selorthe honored, die heloved, and the :vered One more season ! only one more on' earth ! Winter. Nature again, prepares to fold herself up in the habiliments of death, seeming death, who approaches and - asserts his claim and gently lays her down in" apparent collapse, " lljjjt ature v i s I i n f in if o arid--- 1 m mortal rshe-i- ?t instinct with life, hence she 'calmly: falls into the' arms of death, like .a weary child on the breast of its mother; she has a perfect knowledge that he cannot hold her but for a little her bosom'sdordnrises- "season, she knows-whein his warmth and splendor of invigorating" life, and "breathes upon her inanimate form and bid her arise and again put orr her beautiful robes of every hue and color, and come forth to meet him, her lover and her lord, sho knows that death Will flee away, and joyfully she will obey the loved voice that summons her to a glorious resurrection. And the human beings . that i e saw in the glory of youth, where arcJhejJ.Someiias'sed arly"6irthegtage7aiiI'the curtain of earthly life hid them from our eyes, knowing nothing of t he wear and.leaf and turmoil of a long iifef" others lived on to 'maturity and they then also passed away; but some live on to the evening of life's little day, draining its cup of every drop many of them have filled up the measure of their days in usefulness, they have been true and faithful to their God, to their asN ot perfect,-o-h, sociates, no, none can be perfect in this probation, but theydesire it and they love and revere it; when they possess it, when they obtain the society of the perfect they will rejoice and feel at home ; anions such blest ones. Winter, yes, the; evening of life has its charms to the good who have ledxjnnocent, peaceful lives, unspotted by the world, filling the bill of life to the. best of their 4abilityyxto such the evening of life, has its charms, and is rich in blessings. If the elasticity of youth is gone,' if the glorious age of maturity and vigor has passed, did not autumn reveal .the cornucopia that had been earned and now untold wealth for the worker? pour3 forth its a sweet Touch the- winter of life - will bring d a and also a sweet rcward-aunone can give or fake away; to such the evening of life is the sweet, and glorious sunset of day, and the calm "Wid the ea'ce, and the rest which is their right to take, because they have earned it, is sweet ana calm as a "summer morning; the smile of heaven beams upon the workers, the laborers foiv the good of all they come in contact : with those that have ever built up and not destroyed, on sueh that beatific smile beams for ever, they are simply waiting for the voice that will whisper to them, ''Come, ye blessed of my Father, and enter into the joy of Ihy Lord." . di-yi- ne - y s, - 1 "; n . - -- nnd-toliselv- cs satis-factio- n. - a-bu- U sy : " " 