WOMAN and especially have I been delighted with Zu and ,ch. It Is (he finest city in Switzerland, In found not many of baa a life and utlr about It thtf &wf citJefl. The farther Kast one goes. tbere la qirite a perceptible change in the habile and way a of the people, they seem to'have advanced more with the nge. As we traveled from Berne to Zurich I busied myeelf watching the pateiDg Ecenee, and only think, mother, at last I have seen a castle two of them at Burg-dor- f and at Aareburg. Both are beautifully sit nated on the top of a hill with a river wlndiDg and overlooking a most Jjvoly beneath rjht t country When we children used to read our "fairy bocks and nuretry ibyrcep, we, often to fancy -- curEelvcs dwelling m cne. cair.ra.-fitc- A Dear mother, I thought it best my letter until I hadlieen more ri&t to finish of Zurich and could tell you something of that beautiful citv, and now 1 have seen so much I scarcely know where to begin; but first, when we reach ed Berne yesterday afternoon we found your welcome letter of the 8rd inet, awaiting u?, and oh, we were both so pleased with ail the good news you -- had to tell, and so glad that cur baby and you all were so well. I though much of you all on ... father's birthday and would have liked so much to have been there to wish him many happy ie turns. -- I felt it all the same and prayed for his happiness and long life, Every one on the ship who knew jaao knew- - it" was his birthday, and knew, too, how "it was being celebrated, and Eome laughed at me for talking so much about it, it was the one dy they all thought me home-sicBut I know you want to hear about oar j ou rnty sol re turn'7 to Zurich. The fl rat thing that I saw was, of course, the railroad and a good description of this would fill pages in itself, I cannot even attempt it, but suffice It to say it is the most elegant station I have yet seen, surpasses even the Qare de Lyon at Paris. From thl3 station is the most beautiful street of the city, and as fine a street as can be found any where. It is quite wide, and the buidings on it are most elegant; it extends from the station at one end to a little park at the other, which opens on to Lake Zurich, at the end of this street is a large bridge, just ereo-ted- , which spantttie arm of the lake. There are several fine bridges crossing here, for the lake runs right through the centre of the city, and the two principal streets are the first on : k. eta-tio- n, -- . either side of the stream, running parallel with it. From this last bridge there is to be a Leau-tlfu- l drive along the banks of the river, down one side and up the other. It, with the bridge, wjll cost twenty million francs. On this beautiful street, the Bahnhof 8t., is situated the large and handsome store of Henerberg, the famous silk manufacturer, we walked all around the place and gazed In every window.Eueh beautiful things,theie were silks in every shade and shape, from the crawling worm up to the finest lace and brocade. One window, particularly in teresting was where the process; of silk manufacture was displayed. There were tho worms, the cocoons, the first spun silk, the raw silk, the fine silk, and the pretty butterflies. I wonder if this beautiful dreas is the reward this homely little worm receives for his industry. We didn't only walk around this wonderful place, but we walked in finally. - There was one window filled with lace work, and I thought of Mell, how she would enj oy looking at that. The lovlieat hon. iton point I ever eaw. Speaking of the silk in . . areusT which make'? if more romantic and delightful han the3e little, lawns could possibly do. Theie is a very fine university here, but they, tell me at thepo universities the chief honor is not to learn the sciences, etc., but to carry a fcarred face, and I readily believe it when I see the students. Tory all dress fine and wear the queerest kind of hats, signifying that they belong to a certain club, and they all have the most dreadful scars on their faces, the .more scars they have the prouder they feel. We left Zurich Tuesday morning and at noon reached Winterthur, a very oldcity, noted perhaps inore for age than anything else. In the upper part cf the clfy are the iuins of an old Koman fort, built in the time of Ceaser and cal Jed by hi m Win Urd or um . We spent a few hours in this place very pleasantly, mt t eome of our Church members, such nice jeople and they are all so glad to see us -- nocn and after John Q. had attended to his bus- -. iness affairs there, we walked around the city a littleV Tis a large town, has some fine hotels and buildings, but U not a pleasant place, at least so I thought. 7 I never eaw eo many inm rrv life ' ThnJ bMnrco Chlirr.hpHRnvwhf.TR W IUk',U ' - - - 1 Shatlhausen. This wa3 a beautiful ride, and for a long way was right along the banks of the river Rhine. We reached this place at , six o'clock and went to tee a Bro. Haage, a very good man, he baa quite a nice home here and a here over night, a lovely family. We meeting was held in the evening where I met almost all fhe members here, thejr are a very nice, cheerful people and I very much enjoy " meeting with them. They sing beautifully, and teem to have such a good spirit within them. We left Shaflh&U8en early in the morning wishing to walk to the Rnine Falls before taking the train. It was abont an hour's walk and we quite enjoyed it, for the scene after leaving the narrow streets, was very beautiful. This is also a very pldxltyhangjje beguninjhei: ninth century. Wine making and agriculture are the chief industries, though there are also large watch factories here. At last we reached the falls. At Niagara one is struck dumb with wender, but here one sees Just enough grandeur 7 and beauty to loosen his tongue and he can rave over the foaming waters' to his heart's content. The scene is very impressive, for the water gushes over the rocks, through them and under them, and then right upon the side, at the top of the precipice stands an old ruined castle. Borne parts of it have been fitted up for tourists during the summer months. Here waa a station where we took train for Basel, we rode for miles along the banks of the Rhine with the hills of Switzerland on one side and the broad country of Germany on the others We were soon on the German side, and every now and then along the road we passed a crucifix where the passers by stop and cross 'themselves, the women bow and the men uncover 1 their heads. " The head dress the women wear is so funny. I t; is a wide black ribbon fashioned into a little .bonnet and then long black ribbons hanging down to the bottom of their dresses. This is Ba. " vine-cover- ed : ' - A. f.- -- 1 V - on nr Wnllroi aornta If tfia onri T tUft-M.V.-(" what a lovely river the Rhine was, no wonder iriSTBoBitrcwTTraayet I nave seen so little of it. How grand it must be to go all along its uanas anu view its ruined cafttie?- ,- lis ever vMnugiug Bueues. me louowicg morning we - VA wililj U J yii-Lg- inai ror an nour wnere we UUIJ UilUO Ml j XJJCC" the brother vifcited of Bro. Qoss and another family. I hope you are not wern cut with this long -- Iptfer T b n n xrin tranf tri hnnnr Tnhn.A r J and what I see, and have tried to give you aT simple if not a well written account. John Q. -joins meI inIVlove to you all, our mother, fathers, t tA. Biaiers, uroinert, aunts, uncieB, nieces, nepnewa, ' friends and precious little baby. Your loving daughter, TXT ' -- r -- Annie Weias Cannon. . and treat us eo kindly. We Jeft Winterthur in the afternoon for .J delights more in bridges than any thing el sew - hrrtt-trrrnro Ytrrr 'h Khtna Ttitnl Woriri .U U y K.lll)il sre pnm filpirant hrlrf tpb smnnnlnnr it Wo - flower-bordere- d never enters. 2 1st. 18S3. . e It would iust suit you the way the hcu?es ai built and the grounds laid cut. It is not even and :: particular, but the vines and trees and flowers h BuflicientLao dispel all -- deaire-oi; sight livinsr therein, for they: are certainly gloomy enough to please a Blue Beard, and they look like prisons where the Eunshine of happiness Bebne, Nov. at4- " of one '. 109 tempts at home in tbia liner There areTome Haters in our Church in Zurich who have a worked in this industry, and who are very poor, would it not ba to the advantage of both if those working si hard to promote thif Jndu9try at home would emigrate some of thfWff's.era. I dined with one who "spools the f ilk, she has such a lovely, machine, can: wind fourteen spools at once; there are several in the branch who work -One young sis-thjth 'H terjs a hand weaver and "makVa silk handker- - . ustd EXP 0 N EN T . du&try m ik&s me - thl nk of cur own feeble ,. oiideredfw VS AN INDIGN AN Y MORMON MOTHER. ' Dear EpiTor: - I felt very indignant when I read the "reliable information" that Mrs. Newman had given the ladies of Cincinnati concerning the Moraines in their domestio relations. How could a woman who had been to Utah and seen our ble homes, our pleasant furroundings and cur pcople,and talkedwilh them "as fhesaidehehad tell such wicked falsehoods? It was sll as false as false could be. But the ladies who heard her no doubt swallowed it aa a sweet mortel. They would rather hear stories like that ahout Utah than hear the truth77 A geherous contribution was given at the close cf the service,?' which Will like Jy go into tlie leetuier78 pc eke t instead of being used to benefit the "poor, degraded Mormons." I fel t that if I were near her I having that opportunity I tafee this privilege cf speaking in my own deftn3e through the nent. ' ' ' ; I am one , of those Mormon women that she so wilfully misrepresented, and I Know of no USl. I. if. r 1.11 i (i7.Ufn x vuaiuq vi unici uctauuiiau uuu irjLtuage, entered into plural marriage cf my own free will, because I knew it was right, t believed that God had a right, to reveal His laws in this i'fh our day. and bec&use I believed that I right to obey those laws and theieby show my faith by my works. I chose to obey God rather than Congress. I have never regretted the step; I took. God haa blesed mo for honoring that law; I am satisfied, contented., and happy in my home. I love my husband, his family and my children. I do not have to, ''take liquor or opium" to keep me from going mad, or to drown any feelings of bitterness within my heart. I have no time or disposition toindulgednbitter feelngs towards any one. T am earnestly engaged attending to jny own affaifp, working out my own salvation. The Spirit of God makes me happy. I am not in need of the pympatby or the aid of our Christian friend?, but I am proud of being a "plural Mormon wife." Talk about women being slaves in bondage, and having to sustain that order of marriage to please the men, is woree than nonesenRe. It is absurd. If the women did not know for themselves that ' that principle was true, or if they did not wish to embrace plural marriage, where is the man or .'! ? 