1S1 dent; Barah A. and Ellen Robertken, Counselors; Joanna IVCurtis, Secretary; Elizabeth Reid, Treasurer; Officere; twelYfc;MeJtt " hern, Fulnn-- r : thirty-seven':'- : " hed Jfebruary 21st, 188:?, by Pmidcnt C. G. Larsen and Council. .Betsy liu rnham;r.Prcsi-denLaura Taylor and Sarah A. Stewart; t; "Eunice clad-bodie- s11 crowing the dreary pjaux, mey arnvea ai rjait late Yalley, free, irom.iimb-jrio1fnce, bnt, not free from the paj?o? (nelondilKiJMoiX be fs , fi ftytwo.-: L:; Primary Association of Huntington Ward, organized November 25th, 1882, by President Anna M. Larsen. Margaret' Crandall, Presi- - . : -- ; " of" dentf Em ia T Leonard and Laura Neilson, F. John "Counselors; Wakefield, Secretary; Hannah Johnson, Assistant Secretary; Susan . - - , o J Mem-ber- s, seventy-thre- e, y C. G. Larsen and Counselors, also the Bishops and Counselors of their respective wardsTrlTprespnt at most of the organiza-"tion- s, and blessrd and get apart the officers. Anna M. Larsen, President. president " " -- Anna E. Seeey, Secretary. ' ISLANDS. SANDWICH LA IE, PANUWICII ISLANDS. " Dear Editor: ' ; :v I take the liberty of writing a few lines to you at the present time, for the purpose of giving you a brief account of the condition and labors of the Relief Societies which are now organized on the different islands. There are five on thi3 island (Oahu),' four on Hawaii, three on Kauai, and two on Maui, making fourteen in all. Reports were read from all at our Conference, with the excepti of twe; the verbal reports given by the Presidents who were present, and lsdTronTthe EP dera who have been traveling and .laboring . among them for the past six encouraging indeedr I send you themmutes tsken by the secretary, a native sister, and translated into English by President Partridge; the report may not be correct in every respect, as the secretaries are all inexperienced iti things of this kind, but they are willing to be taught, and anxious to be instructed jin aH their duties, that they may understand what is required of them; they are energetic in their labors, and very liberal in donating; they have r; a very pleasant way of assisting and work some when they wish to perform have not the means to do so, they invite the other Societies to assist them. The Society at Laie is intending to build a house for the accommodation of the poor who have not comfortable homes, and have called the in upon the tfther societies to assist raising necessary means, and 7 have now on hand the sum of S149-- and promise of more as soon as there is an opportunity to send it. Great efforts are being made by the Elders to persuade the people to forsake their evil ways.: rnsarevery . each-Othe- , ' . S. L. Partridge. The Presidents and members of the Relief Societies of the Hawaiian Islands assembled in the Meeting House, Mrs. S. L. Partridge, with The Secretary read r her Counselors, presiding. the reports of the different Societies organized on the islands. The - Presidents reported the ess condition of the Societies. was manifest, and also their zeal in assisting the poor and those who are weak, and the orThe societies phan children in the Church. for the purpose are gathering a sunrof money accommodate to of building a house at Laie the poor in the Church of Jesus Christ on the Their-faithfuln- Hawaiian Islands. The President mid, she was pleased to meet-wi- th the Belief Societies, "yo have beard the - There-.fore,w- up--o- . -- . flt h-- . - - . : . T -- oi-me ui--- . : ' , . - throughCtlTolSrafter . Stewart, Treasurer; Officers, six; .Mem- - Officers, six; ' hunger and privations.: Manyoi iliei-L.-Kaaha.GAndefaoii diedj tired and worn out with hardship; those ridge, President;. nui andNalia, .. who survived were preserved by the hand of : the Lord, .joxl the purpose- pi establishing Zion Secretary. in the JtockjIounte The officers of all the Societies were, sus- - ' tai ne3 anoTdaughters, we have often heard them speak" Iteideit'EdwardTartridge.- said,. oi these trials and hardships; we have their hisLet all who hear these words arouse theni- tories before U3, and .knowing of these things selves; this is right. Your President is pleased o would be ashamed to shrink, from filling our we conwith --you hieh she desi gire-i- dense and send-tthe Ttocky Mountains, that mission, which is to redeem the land, and build it may be published in the woman's paper up cities in this (a3 we sometimes hear people " there. The President of this branch Society say "God forsaken country." It may seem " desired my permission to commence the erec' God forsaken" to the wicked, but to the righteous it jloes not seem .so. - We a3 Latter-dation of a house for the afflicted and destitute, and the societies have responded quickly to let- do : bamw, whenwearelimgC4ir-rclJgio-n, know e that the Spirit of God is poured out n ters Bent them, with money to assist when we meet together in our several asus will build a house according to our sociations. We are livingin the midst of a demeans, .and let us be awake to this work. Never give way to the temptations of the devil. graded and wicked people, who have, many vices and evils, which are calculated to, lead It is the desire of the President to visit the different islands to learn the condition of the astray our children; our worthy Bishop is using societies. Sleeting was dismissed by prayer by every precaution, against those evils, that lies ' in his power. We mothers feel thankful that L. K, Laiiaole, Elder Rhead. our children have had the privilege of being Secretary. Statistical and financial report of the several" organized in the capacity of a Primary tion, which association is in a thriving condibranches of the Relief Society on the Hawaiition; its organization wa3 effected January 14th, an Islands for the year ending April 5 th, 1383. 1882, with Sister Hannah Romney, President; Number of members, October Gt j, 1882, 250; Jtily Bingham and Margery Riggs, Counselors; Died, 12; Removed, 21; Members added, 20; Olive C. Moffet, Secretary; Sanford .11. BingNumber of members, April 5th, 1883, 249. ham Treasurer. On account of Sister Romney On hand, October 5th, 1882, $297.17; Receipts ,being called away for a season, a change was during the six "months, $212.82; Amount dis, made; bister J uly Joingham, President; 31arge bursed for poor, $93.50; For other purposes, a Xnmna 'Q "dnt SI 12.20. On iuggsn4Vugu$ta Gibbtii3,-Coirother officersremaining as they- - wereOur of officers. Mrs. S. L. Partridere. President: J. G. Anderson, Li Kaahanui and Nalia, Counquarterly reports have been promptly handed in to tl d&orptjiry at the end of each selors; L. II. Lahaole,. Secretary."' quarter. Laie. Oahu, April jth, 1883. The children all . take a lively interest; we have a class of boys and girls, who practice taking minutes at each meeting, their minutes CORRESPONDENCE. are frequently read and criticised. As we live too far away to meet with other associations St. Johns, February 14th, 1883.-- " in conference, we get up some amusement for - z Editor Exponent: our. association at the end of each quarter. On I thought perhaps a short piece from St. last Christmas morning children were seen in Johns might be read with interest by some of every direction, flocking toward the Assembly your numerouTrHdCTsTnny'rwBom, we the Hall, where a christmas tree had been preinhabitants ot bt. Jonns, nave Deen associaieu pared, loaded with candies, apples and toys of with for years. We often think, of the good every description. After all were quietly seatmeetings, Sunday School Unions and Primary ed" Bishop D. R Udall offered prayer; Master Taberthe in attend to used we large jubilees Lorenzo Gibbons and Sanford H. Bingham, nacle and Assembly Hall, at Salt Lake City. each gave a recitation, suitable for the occasion; And still when we think of those times of rethe candies and toys were distributed jn order, fill with joy, hearts our are that past, joicing and the little folks returned to their homes reand we seem again to hear the sweet voices of joicing. to God. thousands of children singing praises I" iL; "'1.1. .J Hoping you wiil nna space lor uiis article We,-- to some extentrare-aepnve- a in your valuable paper, we remain your sisters "intrs and privileges which we used to enjoy m the Uospel ot Cnnst. ve uo uvi uavc mc while living m utan. July A. Bingham, faces of those noble of beholding'the privilege President Primary Association, and of hearing the soul en- of women Zion, Olive C. Moffit, " fall from ever which instructions, , lightening Secretary. their lips, like drops, of dew from heaven at stood all eve, on drooping flowers, which have We do not have LAKE CONSTANCE. day in the hot summer sun. their and . of hearing them, the privilege seeing voices how, but we hope ere long that theyjwill : Lucerne, Oct. 12th, 1882. of Arizona,' off far this country visit us in The night train may be a convenient mediwhich God has decreed should be built up and um for transportation. It is rarely enjoyable inhabited by the Saints in these the latter days; " this land, yet it has its own peculiar elein to called been have we upon for thi3 purpose ments for interesting the stranger. Of course leave our comfortable homes, friends and rela- " the train 13 made up of many compartment Aritives, and come to dwell in the wilds of These are of several grades first, cars.- Do zona, among the red men and Mexicans. second, and third. The numbers are marked we think our lot is hard? .Np,we are young on the outside of the doors, but the different the trials . and strong, fit subjects to undergo are grades of cars are not all together. They and hardihips of building up a new country. assorted up and down the line without referWe are the sons and daughters of those noble U3ed ence to any known rule. .After one get3 their from driven were who and women, -- men to the lack of arrangement it doc? not seem to homes in Nanroo and Ulinois by the hands of ' J. Wakefield, Treasurer; r..-les- winds pierced , theirhalH. ws; as-follo- PritcLfcttSeeUryI GeorgeTFurnham pa una ia-the-dead laT-ntie- eh Primary Association of Moab Ward, organ Cotrnselors the mob compelled to cross the Mississippi riYL -cf - Winter while" the , cold merci- - reporta, 'which fcho.w your "faithfulness in" this worki The Society here at L&ie iawery active 1.1 at all timr-- in abating the poor, and bo it b., 7 no doubt, with aiLUie-iieifetibless you all. Amen."-- )x r1 The name, of .the sera -- iif, the general Mrs. S. L Part- organization are , - 