lti S ' O h wset?,.-- nctwilht&i!ding many attempts .JIiri...C .'l.-- Is" la I rlck tnlldicg aortk of Z. 021c?, EasI Temple Street. Easlns hcurs frora prm. etsry day, e'icer Sun2& j; 7 ddrcsa'all fcasineecomin.nnlcat'ions to - I., ; ::: "7 7' ' lO a. C. i - M.--- rttAo . JULY 13, 1583. WABTH " jja lt Lake 7 City, July -- Oth, 18S3. "Complaints have reached us to the effect that hi fccmo of the wards cf tho Territory a disposition has been manifested by some of the Bishops presiding to take possession of and disburse the wheat ""which has been collected by the members cf the Belief Bocleties. This wheat has been collected by the rut of this Bccitty in the various wards at ton- tiiJtrable trcubJo and they are the proper Custo dians thereof act xefpoBslbl ihvrefor to the pat ties from whom it has been obtained. ra-1'c- rb - :o Bishop haay light, because of hia as a presiding officer in the ward, to take" au-thori- ly ' this grain. It belongs to the societies who have collected it, and it is their province to ; dfspae-cit for the purpose for lias which if ben collected, and it should not bo appropriated cr tiirosed of by any Bishop for uny other object. t ' . John Taylor, Geokge Q. Cannon, . r: iktiPiiidejicy-o- f Chrkt of Latter-da- y , . . Joseph F. Smith, the Church oTJel Saint-?- . scnt-out-he- THITIEai-:UET-n03PITATi- toiio-- t f's : ; July lltb, the eld, folks of ihls city and adjacent towns and country took their usnal excursion, this time to Provo, where they spent the day in Brother Daniel Graves' e grove. rTheee annual festivities for the old are very commendable, and are highly d appre-coate- BAY. The ilUh of JuJy in fraught with memorie that aro very dear to the hearts of this people. Tiio auniverf aiy of the arrival here of the brave, heroic pioneers who explored this mountain re giouAvhen- there waq no trace ofciyllization, must ever be looked upon as a day we should celebrate. When we consider, too, all the circunistancfcfi that caused the exodus of this people from homes and associations dear to their bsnits, and that they came here because they could hrve no abiding place among the Christians in thw' toasted land of freedom and U'ligioua liberty, it calls fotth eome of the strongest and tenderest emotions of the human houl. The people came here a band of exiles, Heelns from religious persecution; willing to bravo any danger, acy peril for the sake of the principles they had espoused, that were dearer so-call- uvyii than ed life itself. It is meet to celebrate the day with songs and te joSclags, and to teach our children that it U n epccli evertol:Qiemembcred bythem as the TjTrth cf freedom' to the oppressed. Here they planted the standard of liberty, and the stars and stripe were unfurled to the breeze on that aemoraDM-nsyl nirty-fci- x years have rA unce that time, and many changes have been wrought during that period, some of which the pioneers ad never dreamed. Yet so far peace . by those who participate. To pay defer ence lo persons advanced in years is a courtesy and privilege that should never be neglected. It la fitting that the younger and more active should do all in their power to cheer and enliven these who are upon the down hill of life. There was music and singing cn the train, and refreshments were served to all, a merrier, happier : party could scarcely be imagined Along the route at the different Battlements more and more were added to the numbers.' At the grove the time was spsnt pleasantly; the Provo Silver Band .'and Second Ward (Provo) Man i&l "Band played some charming mualc, and Father John Coiburn, agd 82, danced a hornpipe. Father Graves deserves the thanks of all for the kind courtesies shown to the party, for the use of his grove and other accommodations. The people of Provo all sesmad ready and anxious to render any kindness rosi. uie w uonirmnie to we enjoyment cf the occa- . sion. "f Hmnrtf nlin Z7 uf-r-iu- t- i . " .v; neen Ui, was to. the crove in n pp.r. nS . , peo-pi- VI ONEEll ' -- THE OLD FOLKS EXCUBSION! On Wednesday, ' re-llbv- - ."" This Institution has now completed its first year; and a it enters upon its second, wo wish itm t& better nn : T' ent. ::r " With the approval of the First Presidency, we commenced the Hospital, aa no women on earth except those of the Latterday Saints would have undertaken to gigantic an enterprise, I. e. with nothing. But we had faith in the iupport and liberality of our brethren and slatere: and thus far wo have succeeded beyond our moat sanguine expectations. NIany afflicted ones during the past year, through the blessings of God on cur Hospital efforts and skill, have been f Euffering which otherwise, probably, would have continued through life. It ii very natural that In consequence of there. : celpt of many ancl frequent donations from vari-- . oussourcw, that some persons ehould have imbibed the Idea that the Deseret Hospital Is conducted as a charitable Institution where patients can be treated free of charge. We wish to disabuse' the minds of those who have adopted this . erroneous conclusion, The, Hospital Is truly a benevolent Institution, but not a charitable one. Our sympathies often prompt the wish that it could be such, but under existing circumstances it is an ImpossibU- iky Oar Bymplhlca prompfc us to appropriate much care, time and labor to furnishing and conducting, etc., etc. (not one of the officers and members of the Board of Directors has received one cent for time and services rendered.) No person, not Immediately engaged in it, can form any correct estimate of the great es- pense of fitting up and furnishing the buildiug, and the constant outlay In providing for it, with sixty dollars per month rent, besides full wages to those who labor in the Hospital. The people have contributed generously, for which wo aro truly .gratcful, and realizing that" the means bestowed Is not our own, we use It as economically as circumstances will admit. But withal, we dp not propose to beg to meet the expenses of Invalids who come for treatment. That devolves on the Organizations, Bishops and County Officers of the Wards, towns Jand counties of which.the patients are residents. Every person, to obtain the benefits of the Hospital, mU3t present to the matron a Permit signed by Mrs. E. B. Wells, tho Secretary of the Deeret Hospital Association. The Secretary; will require from those who are unable to pay their expenses, a writing signed by a responsible person, or parsons, that shall be a sufficient guarantee for payment of Hospital fees. Those who can pay will be received on their own responsibility by giving satisfactory assurances to the Secretary and obtaining a Permit. We wish it definitely understood that cases of sudden Injuries are exempt from the above requirements. E. B. Snow Smith, President D H. A. In behalf of the Deseret Hospital Association. J3alt Lake City, July, 18S3. . ' sic. , -::v Mormons, has final-- ; missionary work among J ly succeeded so far as to secure inlmieol legisla- . tion in Congrres, and not satisfied even with that, they still keep up the hue and cry, that something further must J e. done. .The fact is - this class of people are determined if possible to wrest from the ''Mormon" every right, not only of citizenship, but the' liberties and privi- Jegea which every man of honor-woul- d tratherj die than lose. The children cf the 'Latter-da- y Saints should know as much as possible, that , which their parents have suffered and endured to establish themselves here and why they came. And as a matter of history and to com-- , memorate the 24th of July it is fitting to bring our children together, that they may be duly impressed with the importance attached tothe entrance cf the pioneers Into these valleys, and with the significance of the fact that the Xord led with a strong arm and an outstretched hand his people up from the Jand of their enemies, to a place of refuge and that to Him alone they ehould look for safety and protection in the time of need. The Concerts which will be. held In the Taber- naole under tho direction of Er&a Stepncns i ought to be well patronized. Every inducement that could be afforded has been offered to secure a good house. The proceeds are to be used for public purposes. For the benefit of Sunday Schools, for the Deseret Hospital andjto assist Stephens' classes in their advancement in mu, THE BISHOPS" OF THE VARIOUS TO t&Jte frcm jligionjFitlrtiniilfalailesthe Fublishcr tVOMiJi's ExpoxrxT, Salt Lake City Utah. LAKE. CI 8 ALT rtii City, of". for TQ-teySc- JPvyrxT Tj Silt Like tix couth tyfrciTcopj ElcrAiTertIaiag-the pries c--rT ' forts to make the old folks happy and comfort, bl ou the occasions. ptnniiinjeaaa OU1ELOE & WILW, ,. S this people what few pm; Territory. estbey ar is a there At the jrtst'nt time perhaps stronger influeEeebjrcojhxJP "di te pre VIous7"Th e incessant clamor of politic- Uuez&Z offlceeker? anil also cf ministers of sea U teni-xiily- 1' O ?TK "N T K X W rlage to see and greet the company, and after her long confinement tothejiouao it was some fining of arecreaUon for her. Presents of vari-ou- s kinds were distributed to those them for labors and good works, and alldeserving went off well. TheCommlttes are to be congratulated upon their success, especially Brothers Goddard imd Savage, who are indefatigable in their ef. A 8TBONG TESTIMONY. St . Mark, Chapter 10, yerses xvii and xvIU, "And thesesigns shall follow them that believe; In my name they shaU cast out devils; they thall speak with new tongues: "They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover. ed 