The VOL. 11. -- Woaen Riglita-of-tkr 4 cfSSnTall theigtetb SALT JLAKE .WcsieS; cfill ') Hafenr TqiT33Liaa ii And the Sling tnow, to the warmth d glow" Of the : ; blazing ireligLt, r ; " And at random took rocfAfae Ibelt Wk My gloca soon changed to dtligh No. 22. ' Sweet Boulcd and faithful one, " To-d- I hare no other .Dear gift, thee to Lesion upon, ' Than this God bless my mother! aj vl. ; "Leonanlo 1 t '; I ' 1SS3. iQi m Ohio, March - I . -- What is wealth, that man should worship Dust from whence his vilencss came? More than belp-meelovely woman Source and destiny the same? r ' What Is earth, with all its glory? Earth shall answer: "Ichabod!" , Seek that Kingdom all including,' Worship One the Lord thy God. Iondon, March, 183. vXJrFWfliTXi;YTt, For the Woman's Exponent. WILD FLOWERS OF DESERET, m I turned from tho window's trasysceue, The earth cold sheeted in icy sheen, ' ' Emily Scott. -- eveningvand while quiet! thinking of the past, present, and the future, mv mind es on the youth of Zion, male and pecially dwells . - 1 f iemaie, ana wonaer wnat they are doing at the present time. Some may say, what buisness is it of yours? Well, I know how mine are engaged, and I think it would be well if all mothers knew how their sons and daughters were employed; for verily this is a time for us to earnestly watch our young people, and preserve them from being enticed and overcome by the' evil one and the temptations that exist, not only in this city, but so far as I can learn, in the various settlements.. 0! my young brethren and sister; flee from the evil as you would from the poison of jijnakejea avoid the ot evil; take the ad vice .and counsel of those who have had more experience in the world than you; think of the many privileges you enjoy by being in this Church and Kingdom, and the opportunities and inducements held out to you, for gaining knowledge which will fit and prepare you to fill honorable positions in this life, and enjoy endles3 lives in the worlds to come. 0! ye daughters of Zion, why will ye spend the precious time given to you in frivolity, which I am sorry to say so many do? Remember you are wasting the moments that you should be spending in gaining knowledge as to how you can best prepare yourself for that high and noble purpose for which you were created even Jo bring forth sons and daughters, whose spirits were created by our Father inHeaven, and have been reserved to come forth in,this dispensation, and you will be held accountable for the manner in which k: you train them.- Can an impure spring bring forth pure water? Kay, verily, and it is just as impossible for a mother to teach her children the principles of truth, unless she practices the same hergelt. But some may say, I don't know that Mormon-isis true, I have not had a testimony that the work calltd the Gospel of Jesus Christ has been restored upon the earth; if these be your 1 . very-appear-ance seen proud Mammon's towers Dashed to atoms by a breath; I have lived to k the setting Of tho sun of Love In death; I have drank the dregs of sorrow, I have kissed the chastening rod, I have learned, if Name be lasting, I must love the Lord my God. Tired of Winter's chilling breath, Wishing for Summer, thinking of death? For I was weary, the sick-roodreary, O so lonely and sad, I longed for Spring flowers and snn-li- t hours, And song-bird- s to make me glad. . It is Learn to love tho Lord thy God. I have .;, tb, 1S3U. . - : -- THE YOUTH OF ZION. Bcboorthylnlnd fdrielfdcnial, '. - lovers-de- ad, Fragrant with faith and love; Giving cheer to this life of wearisome strife, And pointing to heaven above. Wouldst thou learn from Life a lesson, Learu'd but slowly and by few? Wonldst thou know from Death's dominion, - - How to win the Ever-new- ? Then thy soul prepare for trial, Bare Iby shoulder to the rod, Build no shrine to earthly idol, Lest there come a shattering day, Leveling to the dust thine altars, DriviDg all thy hopes away. Pleasure's trxe may tempt thee sorely, Golden apples grace the sod, Touch them not ! they turn to ashes Thou shalt love the Lord thy God. I have gazed on beauteous wonian " With a fond, adoring eye; j have 6tobd where Mammon's altars Rolled their incense toward the sky; I have quafTd the wine of Pleasure, - Heard the winsome notes of Fame, Armed with nature's gift and heaven's, ..Fought and tolled for honored name. -: '' Ab, nothing Is better In lonely hours, Than this sweet cluster of Deseret Flowers;. Culled from the mountainsgathered near fountain!, " LIFE'S LESSON. " &jEtXrea," "Grandfather," "Grandmother," and then "My Heart and 1, and "Thoughts Within,": Like sacred music rang, till "Polite Slang" , Again woke the merry mood, I cannot attest which pleased me the best, V. Each and all were so very good. But there, O blissful hours ! When perfect family chains, Unite through Jesus' lore and powers, And joy eternal reigns ! April 3rd, Tlnci" Then laughed right out at "A Lost Thought," And the laughing did me good; For by the time I had finished the rhyme I felt in a happy mood; . - Da Sighing to think of the in humility of heart, by earnest prsf err to open the eyes of your mind to ee. and uaderslan-land know for bQZ. i ion without a tetimojy of its truth, and that Joseph Smith was a Prophet of God. Again, there are miny who possess a knowledge of iu truth, and are in the enjoyment of the hlessinra - of tfee Gospel.They are those who take ever)' opportunny wnicn . iney nav.eto attend mee- tingi,'read good books, and jn every posSble way gain knowledge for the position of wife and mother. These will be among the wise virgins, who when the Bridegroom cometh, will have their lamps trimmed and burniug, whilst on the contrary, those who hae neglected to improve their present opportunities, will find themselves unprepared, it will be to late to get " oil, and 'they cannot borrow, therefore they will not be permitted: to enter into the Marriage " Supper of the Lamb." These - things, my young sisters, are not to be trifled with. . Then seek while young for that wisdom which is of far more worth than all the splendor or fleeting vanities of this life; be virtuous and retiring in your demeanor, let your daily walk and conduct be circumspect; that you may not give cause to any one to think lightly of you, for verily a wise man will certainly look for and admire a woman who is discreet and modest in all her movements, and who ia endeavoring to improve in all that is good and praiseworthy. That this nay be the aim of all tho daughters of Zion, is the prayer of your humble servant. ' E. H. C February 10th, 1833., 4 . Never will be complete Our peaco and joys 0 never Till in that holy, safe retreat, No kindred ties will sever. :istateibfmih The words seemed traced by & magic wand, The pen been held Ly a fairy hand: "Etsa how could they baniih my gloom, how vau ith So quickly the pain and regret? The air In the room seemed filed with perfume Of lid Flowers of Deseret.V - And with it, tLewjalr flowers, Emblems of peace and beauty, IlopiDg thty'II cheer some lonely houn Of waiting and of duty. A year ago O how : Are earthly pleasures riven 1 Father was with us then, but now, Ho 6ing3 God's praise iu hearcn . feelings, then rest no longer in this uncertain m - SCENES IN NAUVOO AFTER THE MARTYRDOM OF THE PROPHET AND PATRIARCH. ' BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. In justice to the wives who were sealed to William Smith I will here say, that they were pure and noble women, and5 they had supposed: him to be a righteous man. The Lord took the first one, and the others, nnding out his true character, soon left him. After the young wife left he married again. I understood her to be a sister of his first wife's. But she, like him, was void of the spirit of this Gospel; and she must also have been blind to his faults, or fo put the most charitable construction, it might have been for the sake of her sister's children. None of us are capable of passing judgment upon one another. That, we should leave. to Him who will soon come to judge both the living and the dead. One of the most interesting incidents within my recollection wa3 the laying of the capstone corner of the Temple. This on the south-eas- t was on Saturday morning, May 24th, 1845. The description of it-- is accurately given by one of the Apostles, who, with the rest,'came out from their secretTetreat long enough to perform this ceremony, when they again returned to their hiding places. The Apostle wrote: -- The singers sang their sweetest . notes, and theirvoices thrilled the" hearts of the assemblage; the music of the band, which played on the occasion, never sounded so charming; and, -- when President Young placed the stone in position, and said: 'The last stone 13 now laid upon the Temple, and T Drav the Almighty, in the name of Jesus, to defendms in this place, and sustain- us untu the Temple 13 turn hed and we nave an -- -v 