TO P. L. KIMBALL. hemwlvesmuch humbleiirispirit, and feared they had done something wrong that had frieved the Spirit of the Lord. The next day to visit Kanesville and was detained there about a week. Duritfg lay ab sence another meeting had beenJjeLlatiSisl er I fain would plant one little flowerV One Immortelle for yon, To bloom within affection's bower, Dear friend so tried, so true. Mantodln gratta4s suad lore, In memory of the past, And may the light of heaTen aboYe- Guard it unto the last, ZTZ?Zt ';;rr f- '"'-- -' .' ; ; H-Kim- , How we found them too in the lore of God, In the sanctified spirit, of peace, That cornea when we meekly pas under the rod That Is raised for the sonls Increase. Then accept We ay flower though plain it ber -- wiircall IFtha "tpraofa heart," Hope. A VENERABLE WOMAN; LATHEOP KIMBALL. Whenever the priesthood of God is upon the earth evil influences are strong in proportion to the outpouring of the Holy Spirit Satan is ever on the alert, sly, watchful and cunning as a serpent . If any duty is omitted, or any extreme exists not wholly consistent with tne humility and complete obedience of the doctrines of Christ, any weakness of the flesh to which all men and women too are liable, Satan is there ready to step in. The wonderful manifestations of the power of Godas evwceu ia me gut oipropnecies ana me Dealing of the sick in "Winter Quarters, at the time the Saints were remaining there for a little season, must needs have a corresponding opposite as powerful for evil as these were for good. Sister Presendia, alluding to the subject, says, "The night after we had received suchjblessings at Sister Leonard's my sister Zina came home with me. After we had retired for the night we both felt the presence of the destroyer at the door, the feeling was beyond ex pression. iJelore morning .Brother William suircuyv-uuE ball, mras aisoa timenever-io-D- e I ILL I'JlllCll 1UB LI I VIM U 111 IlllIIMn. Kill! HKIII n I little girl was dying. I immediately arose, drestl wyavu, tuiu. repaireu uj ine nouse wnere ine dying girl lay in the last agonies of death, beyond the reach of mortal aid- - She died in a few minutes on my lap." The mortality among little children was very alarming, many were healed almost as miracuously jet as being raised from the dead. 'Not many days after the circumstance just mentioned a meeting was held at the house of Christine and Frances :S wanKimball where the evil power was again apparent; so strong was the influence that the spirits were seen and heard, and they tried to destroy those in the room by choking them. Sister Laura Kimball and I laid our hands upon five of those so m tne uicuvu, auu XCUU.&.CU me eiroyer-name of Jesus. This is one of the instances wherein the words of the Prophet were when he said at the time of the organi-lauo- n of the Relief Society in Nauyoo, "That the Sisters should have ; power to cast out devils, rebuke the powers of darkness and do The Sisters felt many wonderful things." ; , fill-fille- d, Sheltered and nurtured by the'leaf and dew, the tender bud is formed and warms mtn oMtmfTr on1 Kowmna in dma a iToirt - graceful thing giving promise of fuller powers as time advances, So the human heart, cherished, and nourished and stimulated by a higher power, working as unseen as that which dis penses growth to the tiny ieat and bud, devel- ops into richness and bloom, and sheds a perfume in its full fruition as fragrant as that of the sweetest rose and more potent than any of the floral kingdom, for their influence is only transitory, : while that , of human character influence. reaches into- - eternity,- - sweetness, gentleness, 1 ! .l 1.1. anaxne oeauuiui at- 1. cnanty,":maness mosphere that pervades the highest and loftiest characters, extending and affecting those who come under its influence is so lovely and exalting tha t it is something indefinable by mortal pen. Some of the most exquisite emotions of the human soul have found expression in the atmosphere of flowers. Lessons of wisdom may be learned in t.hft nnen fields, wherp. the "Rnolr rf With holy awe I cull the opening flower, iuLiyd xt God hath made It and where'er - The flow'ret blooms, there God Ia present also." il , Well may we say that 'flowers are holy things," of all the higher ' .attributes, and holier erao- -e i ox me sou.i The summer, and June more especially, seems adapted to poetic sentiment. The freshness of Spring has found its intensity in leafy .Tune. The "water has hennme nlearer. tfjft akv soft bluer, the7 light breeze touches gently the . i . nt 1.1 il ana ana iresn duos ine river winas us leaiiecs, way over the stones, keeping time and tune to the murmuring trees, under the branches of the wide spreading elm, the graceful hemlock or the shade of the fine beech trees lovers are 1.1. .ll irom Jl woni 10 unaJ Bneiier rays oil the summer sun; did I say lovers? Well, I mean lovers nf nafiire. Irtvern nf nnefrv nrrl all that as well, but yet methinks I have heard -- r too,or have read somewhere in story or in verse, that when the landscape was beautiful it so entranced the lovers that they clasped hands and plighted their troth, andthe same sweet 'poet says, "Then I felt in my heart a new desire to bring this mouth of mine nearer to her mouth," but of course this is only in story, I cannot say if it be real, and yet why not, for surely June is classical and so is 'love. The human heart reaches out after warmth and tenderness and beauty, God hath . LEAF, BUD AND FLOWER. What a beautiful subject, and what sentiments these simple words soul-thrillin- g sug- - - "And thy young glories, leaf ind bud and flower. Change cometh over them with CTery hour." These are the symbols too of earth-lif- e and the changes that are incident to mortality. So frail is our hold on life that it is compared to 1 . ' " ine-pierci- -- that may arise. , ; e Leaf and bud and bloom,-thesare the. days that recall these "words, so full of melody and sweetness. It is in leafy June, jocund, smiling June that we feel more than ever the presence of these precious blessings that contribute so much to the sum of human happiness. . What beauty would there be in 'life without the 1 . A. the flower; that dies with the breath of the summer wind. And yet how secure we sometimes feel, how unmindful of the frailty "of human existence. Though life is full of sweetness, of pleasures even, if we choose the sunny side. If hope be our guide, and faith the staff on which we lean, for we needs must have support and strength or we fail, for even the sun is semetimes sultry, or the sunshine "of prosperity, and the heat is often as hard to bear as the cold or the hard, cold winds of adversity, and unless we have faith in God we should faint by the way. It is not strange to me that faith is the first principle of true religion, and indeed we may say it is the very essence of all religion. When we believe in the reality ot our existence here and look forward, if we are well armed with living faith, and wear the shield of sincerity! and the helmet of truth we are ready for any emergency, any conflict -- ' of the soul, that could 41 To be Continued. . m has writtenjome; happy lines on this subject. . ; ; . little and there a little; but He who heareth the young ravens cry, who watcheth the sparrows fall, and numbereth the hairs of the head, has a perfect record kept in a higher court. ; imag- ine what summer would be, or what the land would be without them. Thev form the scape ".1 '" .1 r. 1 .1 !.-- ' ti v Dare sneiterr- iney are tne ionaere, tne-ar- yr' branches would be useless without them.- - so" finer, purer attributes lor-pott-en on account of the nearness to the Lord in which the people lived and trusted. The experiences of the people as they journeyed towards the land of promise, the place of refuge and sojourned here and there by the way, for a little season, enduring fatigue, privation;und ; hardships, without homes, al- -- most without shelterdeprived of the blessings of comfortable food and clothing, can never be writ ton on the pages .of history, except here, a Brighter and gayer ones you may see,lI " But Its fragrance will never d apart. JRESENDIA able to copewith the powers of darknessTseht" for Bishop Whitney, and no sooner had he crossed the threshold than aberewalr Mead calm. Those who had been most affected with this mysterious power sank down unable to rise and seemingly plunged into excessive grief. Bishop AVhitney brought with him: on this oc- " casion Elder William eldest son of Heber C. Kimball, and they laid their hands on . the afflcted . ones and , rebuked the powers of darkness and commanded themtadfc part. Bishop Whitney in speaking of it afterwards said that the sisters were so near the administration of angels that the devil stepped in to hinder the blessings the Lord was willing to pour but upon his handmaidens." There were nos manv Dretnren leitana tne sisters had to assist in many wava. both temporal and spiritual. It was a time of loneliness, a time of cannot leaves,- - the green ; leavc3,"W6" - HapSlthe . J '" evil power manifested itself in various ways. The sisters not feeling ;' That cMIUnj blight may never fall - L To dim its Iuater bright Bat may it lire until the call ' To Moom In realms of light, ;1l,-'" Then find a place within the crown, Wrought by the hand diyine, To take the place of cross laid down At thatot of the Master, Thine. 'Tis enonjh for you and for me to know The links that together bind, How we fouid them where bitterly teardrops flow, And dark clouds the sunshine blind. der ng -- . ine appreciation ".which .we shouUuUivate, - and we may safely commune with na t ure and grow wiser in a knowledge of the d'vinity that forms and fashions and develops life in all the germs with which the earth is impregnated. Aunt Em. , leafhow would we subsist, and where would be the completeness of the picture? The ten- - . In the Exponent of June 1st, under the in Scenes of Nauvoo, etc., by Helen heading Mar Whitney, the name ofSamuel Brannan was misprinted and read J3ranson. All the early members of the Church would know , being acquainted with him and his career, but as his name has '.been mentioned of late in the Deseret News, it is well for all to know. 