... '''' i the cdVnfd'.blrttsiij?: jciteaiiaaa '.as-.- - wqmd .j?m tho-d- a to the txpect'aa-'apaiog- J hJ Wen JinvXMct.-gi- wealth dx iwi makt? men and .women great; noi it is work, labor, the stwat of the brgw, thcvweat of the braiuf and the ; from come stretch of the iMloin, muliigvuee, discipline, appreciation, t Itude aud cou eudttr undertautling, , ragetjly - aace--of such giants are tormed.Who.am the.-ants the of any age?The laborers, workers, have we not seen it with our own eves inour own dav? "Tfionoi' i 'power; y caring it 5hoiifd be knon are poor, and thev eaii lau dimitr ier ana proper pride- ana in this pride and dgm: .... tier fold theme're.-- up, and tee3 upon tj bitterness and complaining, and envv and regret, ami call themselves noble! ?uea pexver ion of feeling-i- strangtFLt are easilj made" happj, even by the common 1 - : " gr-igpte- -tij: d, -- o-day, m, eTmas DRY AND J0DCEJ13 OV GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, HEAVY AND 8HELF IIAnDWARK, GLASS AND QUEEK8WAJ1E, AGKICULTURVL TCX)L8 AND IMPLE- : ; :. v.v .... ments, n - - to-da- y, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, JTURE DBUGS AND CUEIICALS, , - VIA! . AT TEASDEL'S ; Will be found tho latest styles and productions ; in LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, -FANS, GLOVES, PA RASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, - . And an elegant nssojJjnaenljjjL lrd tOKlaj7errnd":womenrthatT have stood but, and stand out y as types of the grand original, "only a little lower than the angels.' May we as a people leaye the "rank of the guinea stamp," and determine to be the gold, and jf we must have the alloy to render us current so be it. "Hands oft" God is our Father Christ is our Captain, and if we are true soldiers victory .is sure, individually andjcollectively. A men. Salt Lake City, ApriH9th, 1883. Misses' and InLadies' Special department for ' ' ' .... Shoes. fant's iJ2, 114, lltf, Temple Street, to-da- . --- --r r fAlXA-- ..... . Victoria's birthday are mounted upon a pedestal of Mexican onyx, decorated in French bronze and surmounted by a crown of flowers of the same material, in rare workmanship; ther handles are likewise of bronze. The designs upon the pair, on a groundwork of old blue enamel, represents Venus rising fronUhe sea and the fable of Europe. ; 33 1- S,WO C I3d IIoitm Had Trunks for Sato by JOIIJf c. CUTliElt, Agent for the PEOTO WOOLEN MILLS, Old " Constitution Handing) ftfeo HOME MADBr Bl&nkets, -- BlAwls, Cottoa Battinjr. Colored CftBtfmerR, Broom. Waihboardt, Tan, Ltaaeyv Jeans, Brown Tarns, . Tweeds, t ! . 7 rypNiVyBi , r f j." . T WALL PAPER, UNQLlMfliCE FEATHERS Of jj't". r HEKEY B1KW00DEY. A pair of Sevres vases ordered for Queen "2- . HSa Maria Mitchell, Professor of Astronomy in Vassar College, has received the degree of L. L. D. from Hanover College, Madison, Ind., the first jtimethis degree has been conferred upon a : r woman, t J.J : JENNINGS, S upt. Special to. the Ladies. . - . 5ST We carry a largr and more complete Btock than any house In the west. ' aniOhcre-a- re - CARPETS AN D WALL TAPERS, A LL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. . V e, IMIWvTElUS . ' -- SALT LAKE CITY, Utah 1 "which we have lived upon the earth? Tieed 1 name them? 2"o, they stand before the world as. "beacons set Upon a hill that cannot be hid;" ' but one, the last, I must name his ashejFhave not yet lost their "wonted fires," one from the people born, Jived, and died- - of the people! a son of a provincial tradesman, possessing no wealth, yet raised himself to be- the farst. statesman of Europe, and of importance Though he was all this, and poor was still the entertainer, and tho entertained of kings and princes. Tht Prince of Wales was a great admirer of Gambetta. liked his society, and cor dially invited him to visit Englandas bis guest -assured him he would be well received-- by the riglishpeople. Therejare few that could have declined such a tempting honor, but Gambetta probably felt the offer very agreeable, . but pet acceptable by him he shrank from compromising, his, position, winch he himself had acquired as; the first statesman of Euro : pean importance, and as : the man among men! It lays bare to my view the true and sterling, s nobility oi his. characterrrand his immense . individuality! George Eliot also was of humble origin, though of highly respectable and enlightened parentage. "The rank is but the guinea stamp," 'tis the gold that tells the worth. These two are but types of a vast multitude bless and tnanic the there have been in all ages e! ' -- Who have been -- rse:-areon- D UUU . - s them to see.throuirh a len5. thai makts-fvfrv- less-h-as thing" in life look charm in iven them a iacultj to receive quickly beautiful impression?; and to them- - nature .herself looks heavenly; everything, within and without th?m seems magnified . beauty, by the rich appreciation with which the v. are gifted; the tree. the flower, the murmuring , brook, the song of. birds, and indeed the universal world has charms for them; even poverty, brings to them an accompanying blessing, from the hand of love and friendship, that the wealthy know not; it is sweet to be fed when we are hungry the rich know nothing, of hunger. 'Tis sweet to have a new garmemt brought to us when we - absolutely need it a fullJwardrobe can never give this blessing. Tis sweet to labor, it unload he brain of too much spirituality the .. luxurious know nothing of euch rewards. Bread eaten by labor, how sweet it is! Nature has worked herself hungry, and plain wholesome food is then sweet to the taste. Poverty is generally despised, and the poor bear the stigma; yet one beautiful writer calls it "holy" it is certain the Savior, gave the poor a peculiar blessing, both in the present and in the grand restoration of all things. His words were "Blessed are the poor, for they shall inherit the earth;'' and-H- e chose that class for His associates on earth; yet many that are rich, are "poor in spirit," and estimate their wealth at its real value and their heart and their " God bless ail Jiand.andtheir-p- u . such, and long may: they- - possess wealth and life to long dispense it, and bless their fellow creatures. Happiness is the goal for which we all pant, vet how few really possess it! Why? generally because they imagine it to be something jvhich , they do not possess, and which others have attained. Happiness ought to be in the possession of every human; being. The great Creator forms His creatures for. happiness, the fault then lies with the children of earth, the material for happiness is all around us every- , ... IT vi nere prtsen i. neaven itseit is around and about jjs, in. the very air we breathe, in all we taste, touch, or behold; why do we not realize it? because nature is perverted. Can we not see it? Can wo not remedy the evil? Yes, we -c- ould do much towards it, if we would be more child-liksimple-mindemore more individu-- -' alized but instead of studying ourselves, and finding out what would reallvjnj&eusjiappy we study other people, fancy that what .r.they possess would make us happy, when proba-- . bly we grasp at a shadow, and while doing that we lose the substance! Let U3 study our-seland endeavor to become fully acquainted with the cravings of our-ow- n heart and brain, take self into our studio placing it upon the lleaselp and see where we can retouch the sketch, (for human nature is but a sketch at present) and see where we can make it a more perfect representation of what the Maker intended it to prefigure "Only a little lower than the angeli" was the motto sent forth with ma nkind - -- upon the earth. "Alas! how are the mighty fallen!" Still we need not despair;" men and are yet upon tne earth, that portray the high destiny from whence they came and to which in due time they shall be restored, renewed and regenerated, the posterity of the gods! The ideas I have just written places all on the highest pinnacle of the ladder of "intel- - Can: heArt-tnng5- CURTAINS, LA0BREQU HS ' AND WIXDOW COltNICES. 1238 TO 1244; ar -- ' FIRST SOUTH STKEET, LAKE CITY. " ' A u e rb Bresbes, EUv, Etc " ' aefe B xo; A Full and Complete SCock of MILLINERY,, j TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. PimIRite!!fed Fr, LffT PORCH on abort notioe. . theoonntryptompUjrctponaed to. VatU Jama, Dog 809, 8att Late City. - .vrwr" i- -i ;:ahd ladies. dress CALL AND nmm - - '. a EXAMINE,x: 