The Eights of the-Wbm- SALT LA KE AFFECTIONATELY. aficss.Ii of Zitm, ind the '"Bights of the Women of all en wou nd them CITYyTAIir J ULY a: No. 15, 1883 habit: run hg them as beautiful and lasting as pearls, - and finding them as frail and fickle as daisies," There are butter-cup- s too and sweet-pea- s and sweet clover blooms and lovely white lilies. Children of tlie soil, eyes cf the mead- ows peeping at us. in the morn as the stars of heaven gaze at us in the night. z. What a little impudent chipmunk, staring at us so, how dare he come so near. Perhaps he has a home near this old tree, and fears we might molest it- - To every living thing there is always a spot somewhere on the. earth dearer than ail other places, and tiis is home: man with all his powers loves not' more his palace of splendor, than these poor, creeping crea tures love- - their-litt- le "hovels. Let U3 worry him no longer, but hasten on and view other Lies of this summer morn. How sweet the meadows are what perfume n so lovely as the hay. That's the sound of the medlark; did you hear it? And there perched in that old cottonwood is a robin what bird more enchanting than the plain, homely robin. Some love the bright colored birds of the south, I admire them, but only love the plain, sweet soncrsters of the grove and meadow, who tell their happiness to the world ioir sweot notes. Do we not more dearly love the one whose . soul is happy though her dress is plain, than the one who flaunts the gaudiest colors, and little care3 what state the heart or mind is in, so that the dress is beautiful and gay. The clouds are gathering in yon western sky and there is still another spot along this pretty walk-foru-s to sea so we must hasten on. It lies across this pasture 'u to the left, do you not see that sheet of shimmering water there? Along the shore some pretty-shel- ls may bo - TO MHH. MARIN'UA N. , - ' J. HYDE On tho OStli Anniversary pf her Birth. red-bell- 1 ..iizfr:" 4Mf Dkak Sihtkii 'Makjnda,On this natal day -A Km all tribute of love, 6V-- your threshold I lay, riotv I meet you in aga I have known yoa In youth, KreCnmorab unbosomed the Kecords of Truth. Since then we have labored together In love, Where the Spirit of God showered down from above. Your heart all unselfish yonrhand never slack. Has been kindly extended to help those that lack; With true greatness of soul you have sought out and r . The sad andOUicted, and cheered tho distressed, Until "Mother in Israel," the title your due, pure daughters of Zion accord unto you. "With mc, m our friendships, you've e?er been true, And ray heart's full of blessings for yours and for you, What a prize, honest friendship, a gem never sold For tha purchase of favor, nor the;purchasa of gold; You aro true to j'ourself to your friends, and to God You're acknowledged His hand, and "pissed under the - -- your coming years happy your last be yonr best, ' Then bright as a sunbeam you go to your rest, And receive tho.reward of your labors of love, In tho midst of tho jnst In tho nnJonLCliora If perchance I precede you, by jlrst passing through, To the loved ones, I'll bear a good record of you. E, U. Sxow Smitit; Salt Lake City, June 2Stb,I8S:v A SUMMER STKOLL. Tis a lovely morning! How cool the air, how bluo the sky, how sweetthcToices of the birds, how beautiful the flowers. What rest and comfort to leave the dusty, busy town and find a place so calm and peaceful. - 'Tis indeed a morn oi summer spienaor. - note the little: birds and squirrels, the white rabbit, the chipmunk, as we pass along. All nature is .so beautiful 'Do ..you ses m .yonder tree that yellow, breasted blackbird, and there close by his modest plumaged mate? There must bea nest somewhere in these rushes, yes, there it is with four little birdies in it, oh, what sweet, prettyhappy things! Look to the right. Did you see that gray squirrel running in and out of the bush? There it is again; how cunning he is. Let's rest awhile on this poor fallen tree. How shattered and tortured it looks this fallen pine. Perchance one fair, bright morn it stood as proud and happy as those stately brothers there.wavinc- - their in the glorious sunshine; and now all its brightness, all its gladness; all its clorv is dead nnd gone, and here it lies mouldering in the dust,shot -- aown nrau its oeauty Dy the wrath ot the ragheavens. How often in the happiest, fairest ing day of life, the saddest, heaviest blew doth fall. Poor fallen pine, once the fair dwelling of the merrv birds, now onlv a Irflflrs? KmWn These are. lovely -- flowers -- peeping up from me grass; mere arc tne little pink and daisies with their great golden centers;purple how often in childhood's days we gathered them and wove our "daisy chains," and wound them round and "round ourselves, laughing at in the crystal water, and weeping when CIW aaea arid severed. - ' . . : our-pictur- es wuu;i.uv.mi f v nayc. vrortn rip.cc find T new-mow- ; - -- iouna wnicn-i-woof this morn. gatner a?iTememDrance ma Walk with me., dear friend,, a little whilrv .. j these through lovely lanes, hedged in on cither side with wild rose and sweet brier bushes, and . : rod." :' Be 3, How kind is our, Father in Heaven ! No matter where we stray, there is always something to delight us. Life has its pains and but it also has its joys and gladness, just as the day has its sunshine and shadow; and" the sorrows only make the life more beautiful and complete. Ono who has never had a sorrow knows not his own joys. The shadows of life, like those of day, only mellow the glaring light and give it its varied tints and colors. No matter how dark the night is, there is always a morning awaiting u. These tree3 near by will give us shelter irom the approaching storm, and it is near us for even uow I feel the drops of rain, and faster, faster yet, they come. ' Under the thick foliage of these gracious trees we find prtection from the storm, while all around the heavy rain drops fall. 'Twas only for a moment and now the angry clouds part and the pretty smiling blue peeps in be- -' tween.O We -- have- vanderedfaF and must seeli our home. Let- us not retraca cur . steps, but take another way. Life holds sol many ways that no matter how bean ti fid f hp. paths we have passed, nor how rugged and steep the ones we meet, one would always rather wander on than turn back again to the onc3 trodden before. In dreams, and dreams alone, can the past coine back as beautiful and fresh as ever. Fof in reality changes ever come, and a single moment can make a change in any thing, eor-row- s, ay to-d- . 7'--'"-"- z r.' - CotaVtt:, IlaliiFniay 'be 'eiinediis a.c6nlTtion of mind bod or v. which results from" the Irciticnt . Man formance of an a'Mton. i-- called a crea 5 habiCVhen a habit is .oace iinnly becomes our master, and we it rarely have sufficient Strength of Twdl to' overcome it, although it be condemned both by reason and - experience. Habits are good or ture of established- - bad, as they are the'results of actions that are right or wrong. People often justify, bad habits because they find difficulty in overcom- the habitual drunkard who is ing them;-bunable to govern his appetite, that is ruining himself and distressing hi3 family cannot say -- he does nowrong"".because" his habit3 are had and it is to late. to .reform .them. Bad habit-are the fruits of bad actions; but the fact that a man i3 unable to break the habit is no excuse for the wrong. We should obey the teachings of conscience it is the highest authority to which we can appeal. If we think an action right we ar under the strongest obligations to perform it; if wo feel it wrong nothing should induce its ut s " . If we neglect to listen to the ap- t. peal of conscience once we lose our and feel a sense of shame and meanness. 11 we commit the nrong the second- time its warning voice is not so loud, and finally, after .. peated failures to :gain attention, it ceases to of habit which urge us to enables the conscience to grow each day stronger "and more certain in its indication of right will so surelyJf neglected and abused ceasa enthely to give its friendly advice. It is a dangerous habit to neglect the kind whisperings of so friendly a monitor. The sum of a , person's good and bad habit3 constitutes hi3 character. If the good is in excess he is said to have a good character; if the bad predominate hi? character is said to be bad. Can habits be -- changed? Yes, they may be changed, but it is easier to avoid bad habits when they - are shown to us, than to correct them after they have begun to control our ac tions. The habits of an old man are not often" improved. Youth is the time to form; good habits; if . we have formed bad habits we mav vercome tnem tne same way we acquired r them, that is, by practice. If the conscience tells us that any habit i3 wrong it is our duty - to change it. There is nothing brave or manly in giving up the hope of reform, 6r in whining and complaining with a cowardly "I cant." . It is folly to expect to" break ofTiu a day the bad habits that have been 'growing for years. The reform can onlv. be accomplished by constant, careful attention, by courageously watching and fighting jigainst the disposition to dor wrong. It is not an easy undertaking. Keep busy. Idleness is the strength of bad habit. Do not give up the struggle when you have taken your resolution once, twice or a dozen .timesany failure only shows how much need there is; for your increasing efforts. When you . havefailed"to accomplish youFdesireTThink the matter over and endeavor to understand why it was you failed so that you may be on your guard. Be honest with yourself, and never think you can bear a temptation. ILL. Cache Co., Coveville, Utah, May 18th, 168.3 commission. self-respec- rc-..- . . " . You find poetry nowhere, unless" you bring ;?me with vyaJouhri. - . 