W OM LINES OK APPRECIATION. T."'-7-, i as' i:s'rr:rAf i:h Tit mv Kivt T If A "S" N V f i ) ' a liloiui'Jjt by. the rt;a," Were Thftt nro'iiicatjurith Jo wilte in comely, rhyming worda to Uu e lo iacC My gratitu do for LJndnCBs" not .Thou didst give ino feUellcr, food, or driui:, I lm-pirc- ; i AN , , Di ? 8" E X P .It., il rjjig r 'l juj 0 .v. N EK T, th that I . vci e 97 conntrr. One v t n i n g rerIirrltrnbtd .Qlan'v ,m e q y tminen: not a M&t one .either, and had .my "first view, of .the coun- - . reraises to Him on my bed of affliction 'as 'djiT the Psalmist of oM. Iriwlaml-;m- poed n- -I raDgrTtofj my feelings to - Pr dent Kimball, and also wLatlTaw and eard. J he Lord has been very good to me in the niid-to- &Ii. trulv. I . nvfr raw .nlnvlipr cifTlit. was a country covered-wit- h ...green, for although - no. grass rows,"7uhles3 - planted, bright &hrubs and brush grow thick everywhere, with the native troes mesquet, f deep triak, aud I thank Him; lie 2 pala verda, desert willow (a loyel' thing lias hitlierto upheld and sustained me in- the ral covered with delicate.. .'..flowers), hour of deep'aiHiction. He ,ha3 manifested other varietieC The- course of the river 13 ten d erness an d mexcya n l gi ven - me alTEed by larger trees, cottonwood, and blacR strength" x ooual t willow.,-- : Looking south the the scene is espec- .. to ..the d.iv." J d ially beautiful; the farms, ranches and the f "in the Spring1 the work of- giving ments trees oi theu ila, some; fifteen 1111 les away,-an- d and President Youncalled 'Sister-ErA. far away; so far that it is veiled in blue mist, Whitney and myself tcp officiate one large mountain, and farther south-eas- t in the ordinances of the House of, the Lord. a to Tjieposition the belonging had always been accustomed to it. We both: same range. You know , we got an idea that there were no mountains here. Well, you enjoyed the labor very much for we loved the can't go fimiss for them, low. and high, wofkand the Lord blest lis with His Spirit. in ranges and just tumbled about promiscuous We seemed to live above everything earthly oK fl'tT-- . ,1'L'P. Pi'nm i"L A rriin' f.irJ thn vlnnr trivial while engaged in those sjnritnal duties, cm; Ljp yi xxuy- Hum rnii "vj ' J Tlll' u in n vi H iWii . ...... . A' and we had many comforting dreams as well both ?ides of the valley; I coiildjiot help wishas oilLyLrnanifestations that the Lord approved" ui our mmiirauons. ing yo'ii- were with us., .One Sunday evening, u, it 13 heavenly to be as vre thus employed; angels, seemed to watch over coming over from Tempo, we stopm the for middle of the river to let the horses had we us, not made every sacrifice ped y that we might" serveMrJialher-i- n xlrinkrand lookinfpdow'nhFriver wasa most hea beautiful scene. T ven and keep His' holy "commandments? Sis-- . -never SAW a loveTier . Vnn snnnlr -- nf ruins and graces in s)iritual things, and Moved her Yes, the country is full of them, but I have not &en any of them yet, except an old canal as my mother, a mother in Israel to all the in course, although we have some quite near us; Zion, and especially those who . daughters not more than a mile and a half are the ruin3 had entered into the new and everlasting t. . One nigh dreamcdlthatilwo weut Lown, one ouiiumg stilt stands "tenhe CounciFHouse where we officia.tel and hii,rlia3burtent- - East, about - aTaiie,-ar- ei the ruins of ah old fort; neither Indians nor .that I went i n to the 1 arge room and apparentMexicans Iftiow anything ' aboit their origin. did. not touch the ly danced in space, for The most imposing ruins are the Casa Grande, iloor, but kept above it. -'- She said I was perfabout thirty miles frpm. Maricopa, a building ectly- transparent, and there was not a spot or blemish of any sort upon my body. (rovtring near five acres; room after room openSister ing one into another, with a large court-yarWhitney stood against the 'door herself, as she in the' centre walls still standinir from ten to thought, so that no" one should interrupt mc eighteen fech Titr'huirdirjff ta7 mado of con- - ' crcte, and theIndians say that three hundred good testimony to me and also to her that I ' was fit to minister in t he holy ordinances. It ji-'agu 11 vtiu Litnuxy pcrieci., oeing anotner story high; they say there is still some very , is not good to be too visionary, or place too fine plastering and painting to be seen on the much confidence in tlreams, but there are some walls; this is of course from hearsay, but from dreams thai are given for the comfort and enthose who have been there. Not far from couragement, of the dreamer that strengthen PlKvnix are said to be vholc rows of houses our faith and help us to bear the trials of life cut away up in the solid rock, with no visible and overcome the various obstacles that are mode of entrance, and there is a storv coing-o- f continually thrown in the way of the Saints. late of a cave beinir found with a door, which. ; Jn looking back over those days, I realizeirow-t- he when forced open," unlocked such a tench Lord marked out my way and the blessthat they were glad to close it again without ings that He poured out upon me, and I feel to further exploration; this T do not give only as. thank Him that lie preserved "me in many a rumor. About thiity miles east from Mesa strait and narrow places, and that my ieet nev- are the. Superstition Mountains, that no Indian er slipped, though the way was sometimes will set his foot upon; they say that long ago for trials were plentiful in those days three hundred Indians went up into them and and one needed to be on the alert, lest he be were never seen or heard from any morej that taken unawares and fall through murmurintr when others went in search of them they found or in an unguarded moment. My health kept the mountains covered with boiK's and strange .on improving every day, my spirit was cheered the rocks,' that, when thev anwriting and buoyed up and I seemed to take a new .. . . .upon .A ' leasVof life. .proached what appealed to e piles ot 'rocks-, they would melt "About this time Dr. Willard Richards oraway, and the place would be filled little with men. People who have been ganized "the board, of health," and I was one there say the mountains are full of caves and of the first to join and attend the lectures. are gloomy and desolate enough to almost warTJiis was exceedingly interesting and opened rant belief in the superstition; and the strange up a new field of labor and channel of im- - . characters are actually there on tho rocks. provement to the sisters. I shall always look I have made a mistake about.the location upon it as.one of the greatest blessings to the ef those the rumored cave i V lwen- women of this people. Dr. Richards took4he e miles from Pluenix, the houses luun in utmost pains to instruct U3 and teach us conthe face of the rock are on Eagle" River, at I he cerning theDrigin of life "and the, wonderful head waters of the Gilarthe large plateau of organism of the human body ." level land above the canvon where thev are ,j found is literally covered with ruins. I jsend EXTRACT FROM A LETTER. you some Arizona tooth-pic- l, specimens of the protection that nature furnishes the giant cactus that are thick around here, from the MRS. B. M. JOIIJiSON TO ITER SISTEIi. baby iust poking its burly head out of the now not more than one and a half We are ground, to the hrylened veteran with his full mil?? from Tempe, but it Eeems like another complement of Inks and crotches, L JZiTV: . -- Norrjold .or'fllvcr with their magic chink,. Nor omjtty titles t!i me didst Ah queens and inonarchs oft their favors tliow r llui with a heart to kindnesscycr koeu A' ifobler gucrdojior me thou didst glean, A lovely group of ever living llowcrs, Freeh and bedew'd with cooling summer thowurs. - lx.-f.to- and-seve- - 1 - . - endow-cornmence- .. . ;vcct8t flower of all "Appreciation' iiurrouuded by a group jDfV'kindred thoughts,'" While "wishes kind" and blessings pnro.".did fail. . , j in graceful wreaths around, with' beauty fraught..: As earthly flowers-whedeftly grouped with care ' Would to tho eye a magic .charm impart, So pleasing (only more) this present fare " Enchanted every chord withii my huart 'And as the giver if he lbeloved i. Lends more enchantment to the trcasura .gained So now with mo, my heart was sooner moved That thou to praise my humble efforts deigned, Thou .whom I know enjoy tha purest thoughts, Communion with the muses all divine, , .Nay, inspiration's self thy mind liathjfiijjg;ht, And" thou could st still enjoy that effort mine; judthcntiiJkiiQWJjrom Xccling4here exprossedj That thou didst realize the task of love ATLich I have taken at my own Inchest, At which untiring still I hope to prove. "A work of love," indeed, 'tis doubly so. For love I work, with love J arn. repaid, And though I lorctarwoTk useliTTTvnow This love is born of loving my PwceLalda. r'The cljIIdrehXTIeaven ever bless them nil ) dive' their sweet miles of love so free-froguile, ' "While these are mine I'm happy in my thrall, "'" However tiring be my task the Vr'hiie. O, could I lead them onward, upward still Tj heights where masters tune the sacred Fong, To revel in those mighty strains until ;..' " To them the mastery of sound belong. , " . - v.-er- -- -- cov-(-iian- f--site . 3 . -- . ' -- 1 1 - . Tho Muse (offeildcd 'at my boldness) would not come, AJiqieit my neart to tell as best it could Whate'er it felt, so if I stumbling roam 'Mong flighty. thoughts, forgive! I'm not at homo In poet-land- , () could I be I would. ' . . '. salt i.aKo utv. August ."- . .) th. is',. Evax Stephen?.' . . , A. -- d . A e will-Jngl- " Alas! poor mc such hopes must sooiu decay; Such glorious aims I know can ne'er ba wo:), Too many obstacles bestrew my way, v. The grave will hold meV ere tho hal f be done. The strength and mind I fain would all devote To this loved task so dear unto my heart Are uauy wasted Doth by act and thought To clear a way for progress in my art. thus 'twill bo while doing all 1 can I'll e'er havo this sad thought to thiiiFiipon As o'er my labors past at length I scan t Had I tho chanco how much I might have done ! But as the acts of life pass one by one, And joys and sorrows past I shall icvicw, One spot of sunshine (and outshoncby none) ' Shall be this act of kindness done by you. And (if God wills it) may I yet assist v. . u uifciiiv.u Ail &Jllj j .i . . .1 . ' luumuj. juiijctiu rapiurcsitanaast To our'sweet songsters when ten thousand strong. 1 . " ! vver-chainybute 11 , - -lo- seeinktjia:-mtural-to.:meraif-- ' . dan-gerou- s, : . I-C- A VENERABLE WOMAN. rock-hous- PRESEN'DIA. LATIIROP KIMBALL. . tint ' , health was very delicate, so much so, liivli-ifC ' 1 t"! i f ai r.P . ""-- ' fTm e; ty-fiv- Continued.' ... Q T ,, ,1 the necessity of keeping a girl to wait upon rue. Sophia Curtis lived with me and took care of me, she wa3 so good and kind. My husband; thought I migbt die at any moment, and told his family he did not know when I might be taken away. In fact I ftel nd - 