WOMAN'S: BZPONBNT 14 7 lawful artajewel.-Oathe2- Ist : be subject to inspection at all reasonable timet by any cfilcer or Justice Btrc ihall ap-point- ed under the authority of the United States and shall, on request, be produced and shown to i such officer by. any! person in whose possession or control thesame may be. Every person who iball violate the provisions of this section shall :JedmedgulUyc en convictbn thereof, be panlsbed by line of not more than one thousand dottir a or by no lender than two year?, or by Jboth said puhishmena in rtheilfecreiion cfthe-tonrt.- "And it shall be lawful for any United States : commisaicnir: judged or court before whem any proceeding shall be pending in euch record or entry may "be material by proper Warrant, to cause such record or entry and the book, document, or paper containing the same to be taken and brought before him or it for the purposes cf such proceeding. What eays the Constitution," Article IV. The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers end tflecta against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be rolated and ,nj warrants ehall issue but upon pretable causa supported by oath orafilrmauon, and particula- : rly describing the place to be searched, and the-bajefcedWhenever before this proposed legislation was an officer of the law a ttthorId to invade the -p-ersonr-thtaglo. privacy of priest or clergyman, or other private individual, not suspected or accused of crime, and make unreasonable rearchea or sefzurcsi or drag the occupant before a court of justice, civil or criminal, without a warrant of law? The ; propositicn is monstrous. Section 2 of AttlcU 4 of the, ConstlCU Men i ajs, "The citizens of each State shall be entitled te all the privileges and Immunities of cltfznsJn tne several matWafv . This Territory, which has for two years past been made the football of the Congress of the United State3, h&a now votes enough to be ad-- mitted into the Union In the dignity of a State, as is her right and privilege! when here comes this monstrous propositicn to deprive one half ef her now citizens of citizenship by depriving them of the cleetive franchiss by heap-zin- g . lyjiatriotic and truly Jojfd ..to'Ah genlasof our a.ote of thanks and appreciation to Mrs. hoc wood for her able argo men t I n behalf of the woihea It -- was - seconded - by several - of the" ladies and gentlemen on the. platform and carof-JJia- uvorit&3 U and entitled to all the rights and privileges of a person before the law, and elaborating the history of the 14th and 15 th amendments to the Constitution, he eays: Referring to Chief Justice Marshall in the Dartmouth College case, Mr. Conkling reada ' strong state men t th a t, e ven If the framers of the Constitution did not intend to defer or to Include a given case, it mast, nevertheless, fall within toe CrastitutionJf the language covered . . " -- i-H- mien who proposed the fourteenth a nend- ment wrought In tome sincerity; it may I e they builded better than they; knew. If it je true that needs have arisen of which they never dreamed: if It be true that wrongs have arisen. or shall arise, which they never apprehended. and which shall be cured by the words they es tablished, then all the more will these words be sanctified and consecrated to humanity' and e a .1 upenihem other indignities, and disqualifyof office as convicted felons. The pes-ithem ing tton of women has been hitherto abject enough but we have prided ourEelveSjMrs.PresidenrVthat in Utah and WyomiDg women were enjoying a freedom denied to most of us; that they could vo'e and bo voted for, elect and bs elected to office. We cannot take this backward step with out drift :ng Into anarchy or monarchy. Wee be to the security cf American liberties, if the encroachments proposed to be made ry this incipient If gialatlon cm bs enacted into law. But do any of m hearers suppose that the gist of this affair is to do away with bigamy and polygamy, and that this is a virtuous up. rising of the United States Congrers? The Territory of Utah was organized in 1850, with all of thepe leculiarltlea of a portion of her eitl-z?known to the Government, and not only toWtated, bat winked at, and allowed to attain gigantic proportions. This present strife is a party one, and raided for political effect, and for political ends. The real question 'at Issue la, whether Utah as a State will be Democratic or Republican, and tho honorable Senator from Vermont is anxious to cut off Democratic votes enough to secure to this State, when ushered In, two Republican Senators' for his party. He pro. to do this potes ty cutting off the votes cf the women, JJtUbejwmq time mdulginirnarr-rroprt Judiceagainst the so called Woman' Rlghtsjnovement He isdetermined'to kwpz Utah out of the Union, or make her subservient to his ends, while he reminds to slavery the women of the Territory. Ohl .consistency thoa the nroceedinsf ns w was not "due process of law." Recltlhz the various discriminations: to which his client was subjected, he said: "Such unjust and discriminating requirements are not due process of law. and no matter by what instrumentality they are inflicted, whether by one of the departments or its uoyernment or another, or by all, or by tne organic law of the State, the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of the United Btatea acts upon them, and prohibits them." f Mr. Edmunds, recently. In the United Stat. Senate, shed tears to the allusions made to his daughter, dead. If his sorro v be Indeed sincere, let him consecrate the memory of hia hAinvrf one by doing justice to the daughters of the Re- puojic. ioner oppression cannot come. And now cornea the honorable Ed win w,n.. of Michigan, who, taking the cue from Mr. introduces a similar bill in the House of Representatives, which also proposes to disfranchise tha women cf Utah; The last two sections of Mr. Willed bill have no affiliation' whatever with the taxt of it, which Is entitled "A bill for the suppression of bigamy and polygamy in the Territory of Utah It lacks some of the features of oppressive the E imunds bill, bat follows it in the main. The legislation proposed nvall oftnem Is odioui, aad oppoieJ to that Ed-mund- R S gtwere juic9 uauer ine urmfederation. --The progress of womaTfimflV. aaTj? Vt ft , mia a 4k tkV 9 A m a sV k A s, ' ad- Meeting Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. ' WASATCH , STAKE. .. : Conference of the Relief Society of Wasatch Stake convened in Heber City, May 11th, 1883. Present, President Emma Brown and , her- - Counselors, Presidents of several wards, also Brother T. ,H. Giles, Bishop Fore- - man and other brethren. Meeting called to order by President Brown. Singing. Prayer by Sister. Murdock, President of the Primary Association. Minutes of previous Conference read and approved. Reports read by the secshow all be to in a very prosperous retary Verbal reports were given by the sey-- 7 eral Presidents, which were very enconraging. The secretary gave some - instructionsto the secretaries of the wards, telling tnem to be punctual in sending in their reports in time so she could have timo to have all things in order and in the proper place. Sister Alexander spok6a,short time, also other sisters, bearing a con-ditio- n. a United States havenltberto enjoyed all the 1a The choir sang. Benediction. journed till two o'clock p.m. spirit of the Constitution and- - Government, which was founded upon the idea of religions toleration, and which h., . ever held that was the privilege of etch State and e Its own Internal, affairs.Territory toregu-htThe authority given to Congress to control the affairs of the Terltories, is a general one, and prevloni to the enactment of the Edmunds bill has never been Jhe 1ia own sex, and had fo earfc been one of the lead' Ing spirits of the National Woman : Suffrage movement. She has taken much pains to make herself acquainted with" the situation. pf the. people andheirnsJIaIrainthis Territory, and she has had the courage to deliver before tht National Woman's iSuffrage Asscclatlon at the National Capital the very able and elcquent address which J we have Just heard. He spoke In glowing terms of the IbenoToIence and heroism of this excellent lady, and while he took pleasure In paying her this feeble tribute, h regretted that th e audience had not the privilege of listening to her eloquence from her own llpa; JbyhI(Jthedefendantasassessehd7taed ed "" - un popular, a sut jeot b fore th e Convention and Members of the Senate as ( 'our Question and F said tbe was an eminent lawyer and the only lady who had ever been admitted to practise law at the bar of the United States Supreme Court. After years of arduous study of the science of law, bhe had been refused admission to the bar and denied the privilege of representing her sex In the legal forums at Washington. But with indomitable energy and untlriDg perseverance she had applied to the National Con- " gress for relief, and after years of Incessant ; toll and of weary waiting, had by an set of Congress forced open the doors of the temples of Justice throughout the land, which are now open to all her sex who w II prepare themselves for the duties of the profession and enter the arena as she has done. The speaker became acquainted with Mre. Lock wood In Washington. She was stal cnted lady' of education and culture, and devo- - " "The hand that rounded Peter's dome, . And grained the aisles of Chrrstian Borne, e Wroaght in a sad sincerity, 1 bnilded better than he knew." 1; i"77 V ; .ACteiJFh!cHonAJ,3.:" Richards commend-- ed Mrs. Lock wood's courage in speaking on so He added: A poet and philosopher of parables has said, r ried unanimously, 4 Mr, Conkling next argued that . full-fledg- spoke of the lofty ten tlmentrcontalneJ la the "addre8s of the gifted lady, that th "afgumiBnti were sound and strictly constitutional, eminent, of DecemberlSSVth honorable gentleman was before the United States Supreme Court in the pay of a monled corporation, when with pathos and tears he endorsed and rosteln declarations from hii colleague, tbeHonorable Roscoe Conkling. After elaborating at length oraotfin mnyPenrttoiynif theTTnltcd yr -. -- laithful testimdnv- p-n- Ul twoTO clock p.m. Bishop Foreman. Singing. Benediction Sister Moulton us gave some good counsel, said we should never lect our dutv, but bo always to respond nV ready to every call. The secreUry;: then presented, the officers of the Stike before the conference, who were unanimously sustained, also of the . . 1 