WOMAN THK TOMB i-"--- -- thrpalaee-u- jMr-Hkn- f I V n r.' A kipg71ytlreain;"6Di' f ' tukuitnrsrnnirfsinrrTn IK'J to ;.il;p;i iuuicue, ioroyor uiM years, : impart iaTtojvtrnpirAliFiFo1 hjTT' 44,w4eath,-w4t!! 4te . 1 ! tomst 1I"'KA( i;. crrrrnj-r.,rti- -- T." ; ; l . 1 ' 1 -- - - - :- There Bleep tho great and small; Thgro lay t lie tyrants on d o; j u esscd , Death's sleep reigns oVr them till. There servant, master, foe i:-Tart aJid the amtj repose blend in Av there, peacethe ashes, ' i thott! who once were focn. and-friend- T he-r- 1 . (;a n - - ' " dpt's: tone " 7 orw-TTctCic- . " ' - -- ""to-make - would a provision for his' Fejvsu.ei;SijiiLwritcr : T.. KIN;. be . liA'ing.in j ." veavs. Z - w 11-- ,- - Bkkkfit or fo ) is not the remotest corner or 1 him only one' penny per copy Tor a chap issue; while a third'.house islaid to be selling an d illustrated and edition for which llFe7auTrK)Flias been .paid" nothing far three years.- The multitude of copies "pirated" by numerous publishers all over America have been of no benefit at all beyond fame and gocxfdoing to this esteemed and excellent authortherefore, his friends hope and expect t hat t h e e nl igh tened an d 1 it erary peopl e of will avail themselves of the present opportunity of recognizing by a liberal subscrip-tio- n the merits of one who has been fifty years before the reading yorid, aud has done good to tens of thousands who now have ,a.n 0porttiuity jjfgivdng him a gratefuL return and acknowl cd gem e nt for the goo dThey --huve reclived,"ah(l the Tich enjoyment" with which they have been entertained. There are already 2(30 subscribers, in the first llt, and a second js shorf iyntoJoe publ ished . - - Tu pper's admirers tire i'yion, and now is the time to "make palpable their appreciation of him. The working brain ought certainly to receive "equally with the physical labor-- " and in many itoble instances it. is,. rewarded as Jiaye pr -- poorand lsseyentv threa.vears pf-J1- C Norwood, a suburbjouth of-he udon, has also a country house at Al- 'ry,,v,At..NorwoodJie"store3:relicFof his an- -' cestors, who fought with .Cromwell and his lronsides" The. name-w- as formerly - Von t'Tphers, they were lords in their native coun- -' try, but Were driven out by the religious of the, Spaniards; thev then settled n Uternsey, ttnd have there been among the -o- per-secutio- minute blood vesocls (life vessels) of the body that does not feel seme wavelet irom that great convulsion (hearty laughter) shaking the central man. Tiie blood moves more lively chemical, electric, or vital condition is distinctly modified it conveys a different impression lo idl the organs of the body as it. visits them on (hat particular mystic journey," when the man is laughing, from what it does rat other times! And so, we doubt not, a good laugh may lengthen a man's life, conveying a distinct stimulus to the vital forces. And the time may '. eon;c when physicians, attending more closely than at present, unfortunately, they are apt to do,. to the innumerable subtile influences which the soul exerts oivjts teno-ment of chiy, slfall prcscrTIJe to torpid patentsf so many "peals of laughter, Jo be nndergone at- sucn ana sijcn a time, just ns iney cio now-th- at TaFfnorc obiectionable , inrecrintion. ' a nill ., l or-electric vr gal vanic'7 shock; and shall study the nest iani most efiective methods ot producing tlui required effect in each patient. . Good Health. - A-meri- ca - Probably there little inlet of the pro-bablyi- ts - y, LAr(.HTl;i i. -- -- T upper m r t u n e h n s a t tci d ed a mos t h is 1 i f e ; on e publisher failed with au account on his books of fifteen years standing; another firm allows tiJxapwjcHHayftd' L-- - - Z high-price- delrilinto-T-u- his redes at 1 -- tHjitiTJrinfnTfn ry but such is" not the e e, and hencehis' friends .are seekin'r sub- scnrlions to a fund v.uth which tne purpo. ' is -" . P'ortinn to their sale, he before the Literati of 1 Jughirid. 2 This is an age of testimonials, and ' the friends of Mr. Tupper arc agitating a tes- timonml to him while . v 'J ' J l" this is sensible, and- the very"rbest kind of testmvjuiah Like the generality of the poets, 1 upper ! - OctoUr Sth,'lSS:;. - . 3 poems, embodying some of "the highest and holiest affections: and aspirations of- human nature, Avill not think it waste time" -'few a moments with me in viewing Impend - - i- " with the intense peiProvcrbralThilofophy and edifying delight that I have done, also - ; e - MARTIN TUPPER, "'- h s o:-;Stnuence to-da- . y Pro-gre-.- the boy, the parent, stern, Tho tot'ring, feeble sire, AH to the grave their tteps miif 1 1 unt When God their souls require; : Then, death, where Is t hslrnr zz. O grave, Thy victory ;: o iShowjacwht-- life its close Thy painful jubilee ! lnm as he stands hi f 7 The child, .meof - ' s h.-iii'.'- t :- m : who li-r- " fr fends of th? .oet now in his seventy-thir- d year have orgaui.ul themselves into'a coniinii;ee;aiid publicly, 'request:' the- - readers an. admirers of the works of this author to show tlitir by subscriiug to a fund for the bone fit of his old age. Eew,-ianv books have been more read iu modern times than the "Proverbial Piilosophy;" "the Pilgrim's has Kcarcdy t;cen more widely read; thtre js something in hLswriiings that finds"jur echo in all who read them; they' are full of strong practical religious sentiment. In Amer-jcj- i espcjnajjyj;; Imk iaaeiipiyed flji mr circulation. : 3Iany"wouhi Tifppose' in r.b of this universal circulation of his works that li ought to be a rich man if h - re numeration for his wri ti ngs ho re a pro - : The peroeutorV-inc'(rAll lay there hushed, EtilJ as a stone, ' Silenerd from their career. The slave a?ic!e the tyrant sleeps, The young rests with the old; No inore the woeful ividow weeps", lieath cojnfurt does unf.Jd. Those-reader-s y. tl..-- : sine"" HjoyVd of-th- utrn eyf I fr a--i 'he haj ever f'bf-xbar- ie; ' 'I he - HANNAH i'if ............. . , Another anneal is about to" be made to tho haid-- . e English public on behalf of one cit: workers in literature, Dr. Charles Mac-haA petition to Mr. Gladstone, praying that the pension allowed to Dr.Mackay from the civil may be increased, has been Mr. signed by Tennyson, Mr.: Browning, Lord - Lytton, Lord Reay, MrIryingf rr Sala, Mr: Alfred Austiu- and other udmirers of Dr. MacT;ay's lyrical gifts, and his earnest labors - for many years in" the catue of national educaX '" tion. .'; All this shows rich appreciation of the gifli of God, for He, is the Giver, and Bestower, ' why should the gold and silver cotfers be full and "running over" and yet the workers and .the laborers suffer for the comforts of life,' " v.' Idle the drones and t he bu tterfl iex a nil Ih i ngs 'of that genus are often surfeited even to death with the sweets and the Inxuries-inwhicthey revel-a- nd which as a maelstrom-veroften engulfs them. All honor to the noble committee .. who have open ed up this fu ff d "' loFawoHhy" writer, who as far as' he knows it has preached the Gpe;Lin-- h ever. Those who sniiIeO.Ieayeri'-- beams-fo- r have not read Tupper's works have a grand treat in store for thena.' I h ave nossessed tlieni for thirty years, and have read and reread them ana every time 1 see new beauties in them; as I said, the Gosoel enirit breathes, through every part of them, there are. copious notes to the Philosophy that: are very instructive, L 1 and 'contain much information; The ' "thou-san- d lines" that follow contain food tor both heart and braiii; it is a book that should be found in every library, and should be often taken lip as a book to refresh and invig-oratthe sou' Joseph Smith said. "Get good, out of all good, books," and this is one he would hive loved and endorsed. Tho mind, to be properly cultivated, requires variety, both" in style and subject; in these last days when time is so precious no Trash should ever be taken uj or allowed on any bookshelf, . for the human, mind quickly receives a faint. or may be warped,, never again to beeome " " " erect. ,' po-!r.- There lays .the habo in fiwaddiiiir cIoiKes--- No atain of guilt its bhare . ... Calm and at j cacc, in deathV repo- e It sin uioi7 free from can-r'l'he paaTit?, t oo, lay 'tide Its form, Ttelr fought and won, the. Mast of life's rough :'&torm:-Nostood They've f hiucs eternal sun i ilt Lake City, out thaheiu temple and a And found her generous f, their son, woald TTTrTTyrTiflnd thank stOil .oo, ! J' "uid fiieadly frank and fae - ? i juloii- - religiously portrayed 'They L;l!oe toF; d-e- s voL2t-tb- Ufa I "he;, ca r ricfl: FL-eiug And there in peaceful, tranquil rlcep, The holy sai nt ic?t, him Vigils Urighl angels-rounTo make his shiaii-j- r iilo-t- . 'ihe haughty IiH thrl: cue hundred years :Aey I Heme of my fathers refuse from our fiar And haven to thvlr luvpe wlir-- long "of yoro nnp,'ri.il Cuarh-- and bloody Kome, human ore, by crime's most foul devioa ! rn a'gine. sonnet on t i Lie ft n ul-lio- .'V ,ij.--.- :Piilo)phy," I'here citract a few' lines from j red .with Wfco learTi.ed - All virtu a to ... jt itrd3!io"'Ko a ys hgjf lnTigriteei cd iix Hands - The Laureate of England to' be. :3uSiaul w h oil n tended - Jtdcscrves i When I rcriusTbeautifuHFariiilv picture" i 1 r ' j i. ' -- hi the j.roverbi of .Soh.;!s:on, hence tlie fwtir parts lovcr. marriage, education and -- Jwmynp-w the afore-- amed tarlyago, but tliey v.x?ro not ablidied until o ,, . .,i bir .Uharles n - . . n :il iVj the U:d 7 llhar.fifiY'Ty..wearyp.UgfIm.j-cstA1.---- ... i 83 v.nieh T .should not have dotie had J proceeded with hi w, or i n to' the elm rch ." J I i ? account of the I roveiblal Philosophy is that when about eiguieen ne was engaged tf be married, and he .iji.i mlcntk'Iviie-- instructions of love an; .;;:in".-f!'h'C- did V.yh Jo ;.' .' Is liiVtoTntxt IIow Ewcet iinclj-acefiiHow calm arid tranjull tberp ! - As naked camawe ffdin thrj tom, ; fc'o naked we repair! "al Ufoa turau 1 s :: !r i : i rw,w , Fade-al- l earth's gilded jysv Tho wicked from al! troubling cer.se, Their r.tge uo more annoys., . .(-- . , T. reienng to this ha.said, M, iny.y., mesileht ani"tIioughtluJ, and to do work ". 'r all, EX P 0 HEN S -- , . f, JL an - There aiioe3 is no . knowledge of God where not.llQurisntanr . love 