ti Vol. ' - - i I tcjluLinHtiediately a, be-cau- GfJjas upiii7 ceyorat - occasions spoken v Jiib of the understanding; Who hast laid the measures thereof, if thou knowst? or who haU ? inched the line upon fun ndatiou -- . v " - our vear.?." proud worlJ, of worthier deeds Emblazoned on the scroll of earthly fame, Where charity, may read On fiattery's page each gift and giver's name; Talk not of friendship, tenderness and truth, Tilt thou hast seen Low bright that love doth burn, Which fov.s the seed of unrcspecting ruth", Xcr Lopes a gulden, harvest in return. made-- .elf-trunipete- ; l- 1 . ll uncFa kii A'.icdge : - " thereof."' -- . -.'- Ljrd . "77 - , -- 7 without number and that "the heavens they are many; and they cannot be nti'mbe red unto niau, but they are numliered unto in", for they are mine, and as one eartli T"shaL pass away, and the heavens thereof, even .so sliallah other come; and there ii no end to my works." The New Testament informs us that Raul was caught up into the third heaven.- - Joseph Smith was also shown many great things, and much wa3 revealed unto him. From different ' writings we leara that God has communicated a great deal and that rd-- " though it is revelation it is not all of a strictly religious nature, and is not essential to eternal salvation as we generally accept the term. It is certainly an easy way of gaining knowli? perfectly edge, everything or uucertaiutv about it. From the foregoing and our stirroundiugs we see that science and religion do not conflict, tha't God is the Author f "bothy and that it makes no diifcrence whether 'givenfactis - Manuscrintr nauir. Valine Nephi, Utah. -- jishovn WniTset. . -ta- LaUr' .TournnL , iMrtiM MISCELLANEOUS. -manr LdfecoTeTedy-inliaI- e 7 4eg-e'-havB- God also told him that he had created Worlds of ouprcme: JJeing, of His laws, religion and science cease to differ. Religion is only a term Spited to those laws and commandments, bap- L V n-.t- l,:-i--" Zi-iKU- ",7 He also instructed 3Io;e-- and Mosed..'Vast behild the earth, even all the lace ()Litt there was not a particle of which he did : not beholdrdescrying iL by the Spirit of God. And he beheld nlo the inhabitants theh-of- , and there was not a soul which he UeheM and Jiedlicexnedhem by the Spirit ofjGod;!. and their "numbers were great. eveiLiiiiahar- Hess as fh'elan'ds upon thesea thgre. AiidIlfi beheld Tflanyzh'ml577each"'Tan3" was! called earth, and there were inhabitants on the face . y t- Ilia eyes nhvl forget, whan friendless and alone-'..'.Oiitcabt fur sake of Iliiu who lived and died ' Thiit iiiTui might live and never die the tone,-- The kindly elusfirthe cordial smile, that vl-- d Ttheach the otherfrkudshiilstruih toTellt or memory s air lose redolence of deeds Fair fruit of faith undying decJiJMLfell- rHijbftuns on the eouI'or goodly seeds On ..' soil, all fruitful of their kind, 7 To bloom and. blossom on through endlees years!' No, no rather 'shall Mind ' ere mine itself forswear. 'Forget itself, .The more we reflect on the uniformity of these two subjects the more --we will besur- - ' priced that some people should think there was so vast a gulf between thtur. . this is Trobably opinion partly1 due to the t ea chin irs jiLsom eitlLllie-jC- Jj r h ti an Ch u rclr- ethat God made this world out --of nothing; this they bin) .y is at varianee wifh'nqfnrni lor.- ajid probably - j udging the' remainder of the Christian religion by that and a belief in a God without body, parts or passion?, thevT see Hie absurd sty and Tho lapse into infidelity. Latter-dafaints could not, do . this ! With'. . .. - .L C ."I - : , ' RELIGION AND SCIENCE, :"""" . -- face to face as one man talketh to another, autk He told me of the works which his' band had not, to. me, O. F. tones there- - "Then I, Abraham, talked with the e the sails are 'spread-- the favoringNbrceze-Where: ' OTir gallant bark hath little need Blows oceanward, and o'er the rolling seas ly winged steam Impelled we ewlltly speed. Friends, brothers, sisters dear ! a last farewell ! Not long I trust, though long it still must be, Ilowe'er so brief, till mutual bosoms swell With blest reunion's fond felicity ";'" Adieu ! adieu ! How sad the parting. sound. and sdbD-Ihwares now tell; let sighing-wind- s bark Zion for bound iw Ouward, speed onward, Old England, bonds and Balrrlon ! farewell ! r- : - -- ! -- He gave Abraham the Uriraaul"Thu :n mi ra , and among other things told him that the star nearest to his throne war called Kolob, and governed all those that belong, to the same )T- der as this earth, and that one revolution wa- a dav untrj the Lord, it. being one thousand of LLnfi-J--- Cm I - or v;Iij laid the corner ntY' -.-- ; nlhriyjTu. fhe vtbrtFlriaul earth? declare if thou hast " M; , laughed at. They iwill stand persuasion, or even threats, ti rmly but let thei r i'riend s, especially those rnos t loved,-- lauglfand sneer at "them, and they will give way directly, as it produces a feeling that nothing else'does, and in persons who are very sensitive it causes them a great deal of t suffering. It has always been the case, and Isuppose always. will be a long a? we are in this mortal state,-tha- t somr people""are" "disp sed to slieer and make all manner of sarcastic remarks to or about those, who, as they term it, are "too rel igio ry iiig to do' righ -I would uorjLr ask, what is true religion?' It is simply doing ngnt. Jiut you say there are different ideas of right and wrong; what' you think is rights anotncr may think wrong. Irue religion, teaches us to treat others as we would like to be treated. To be upright and. honest in all that we say and do. Act on the square in all things. Treat every one with respect. Good, moral people who value a good character, but ao not claim any religion observe these princi- V ples, then. how much moreshouldve who have had the privilege of being born and raised'in the Church of Christ, boru heirs to the blessings of the evcrlasting-covena- n abserve" thcse laws. We do not jriatOliprivi Ve do not possess the Spirit of oaMyheji wedo, not try to live these principles, and scoff at those who do try. It is very mean of a person to make no effort Bimself to perform any duty, but will sneer at thosewho do. (Jirls, let us try to perfjrm our duties, lie brave and strong in the. cause of right; have backbone enough Ao faco all that U said against u, or our religion: Strive to under-- ' stand its principles; the ".more you learn of it" the b( tier it is. It is worth everything to us. ' men ab No. 7. go as others goj do as others do, often against their own feelings and judgment, simply they cannot stand to be ridiculed and con- cern our rial vation; while the terra science Ji applied to the works of the tame being, but to mdersund which . is not cusidered essential 1 ' If V . ., tism, cunfomjitiuu, Thou bast LeenTo iu- cAlbeit a stranger to thiae ancient strand Arinti-te-Hhorwhile longing to bo free, I yet shall grieve to give the parting hand. 'Tis'not that thou art fair, for Mv thou art, ' Far more than famethan fancy's tongue iiaih told Tih not thy rujal court, thy rushing mart;Tliy verdant meadows, fields and forests old; Nor ruins grey jruia time's uufa'Jing flight; ' Nor palaces, nor temples ruauifuld, Nor all that woo's and wins- the wondtrlng eight, ".' "Where art and nature rivalling unfold. -- Ah I uo; ail these I willingly" foaTp7 For scenes to nv for n d more- - dear, From which to part did erst this bosom shake, While fruin these eyes fell many a tender tear. Bat 'tis that here I leave, perchance for e'er, ileart:-- lo ul, warm and loving, hut for whom 'My ling'ring ttay amidst, which doth appear As brief And' bright a3 SpriiigjeaiiiniLiJoiUr Yoi.M"eein aiTc-vildesolate and drear. see Zi- -J - Farewell old KDglarid lint V SALT LAKE CITY; UTAH, SKPTEMBER 1, 1883. 12. LINES ON LEAVING ENGLAND. ,TuIk M , The highest form oiTGhristian life is self-dnial, for the good of others!). E. A Pari:. Love's sweetest meanings are unsjoken; the full heart knows ho rlietoric of words. Borce. The years write their record on human heart?, as they do on trees', in hidden, inner e circles of growth 'which' Holm. n . eye can see.'T Sure True "friendship, groutidcd on the covenant of the Lord, poegseajniTon v:hl a f. r stronger than death, and able to silence the voice of .emulation,, ambition, .and, or commnni- - f . is ?e!f-lov-e, catcd by revelation, it is the same unalterable truth, and camejrom jhcjarne source, i'. r if "God had not givenThe intelligence man could not have found it out. Ann Fjii.lows. - even relative aflection. 4 'JLL&'Oil- -. Kjiitician thinks of the next election; a statesman of the next generation; ajjoJiticjan. looks for the success 'of Lis party; ii statesman RIDICULE. Ridieulo is a weapon tliat is often used-wit- h juccess, when everything else failsnn defeating" the plans and purposes of people whose views . are' different from those of themaioritv. Manv who are brave in other, respects and really have a desire to do right, will give way and" - -- for that of his country. The statesman wishes to steer, while the politician is satisfied to drift. James Freeman Clarke. Without earnestness no man is ever great, or does really great things. lie may be the he may be brilliant, entercleverest taining, popular; but he will want weight. No picture wa3 ever painted that had not in its depth a shadow.- Pdcr Bayiv-- , o'f-nie- j J soul-movin- g r - - 