W Meting it is to be able to read ' It proved as in all other thin- -, that God in hUfo. finite goodness h;i provided fr his chiijrei JimJ-ato- pj medifatein j "kob- -o of them :wjritfJi y; mspiratimi benefit of the. human frailyVl cannot ! it I ' i r. ; y - -- in their JitjJe minds principles true and exalt-- Tog, that whejf the Lord comes to make up his will not be so kw and ignorant that jewels,-we lie . wilt pass us ny. Castle Dale, Utah. Josie l'J. ' ; Child.. - CORRESPONDENCE. Waynes ville, Ohio, Feb. l!th, 133:. r lLs.. A. Ayntkd Frail : DEAK MoTIIEIl: . I have , been to see the floods and will give you a few items. of Cincinnati The papers a fair of give pretty description. things: as they are in the flooded district I will not attempt to tell how many houses are under water, how manyx floating down the Ohio, how many families homeless and destithrown out of tute, how many-peoplhow oc" meat, nor cau tell many deaths-w-ill cur from the effects of damp and filthy holes - that people call home.. If the destruction is at the, same ratio all down the Ohio valley as at and near Cincinnati I will simply say- - it - will do much towards' the fulfilment of prophecy. Elder Marks and I took train Friday, a.m. for "TCincmnati, on the only Railroad that runs into the city, all others being stopped by water. We arrived in the city about noon, and put in good time traveling the flooded districts. - The streets were full of boats of all kinds and sizes, full of people of all kinds and colors, on, all kinds .of business, some on pleasure bent some taking food, water and fuel to those imprisoned in the upper stories by the .floods, some moving goods to higher ground; some .takingthe sufferers to places of safety. -This will describe life in all the flooded towns. We t,ook boat for the bridge between Cincinnati and Covington, Ky. The boats that carried the , passengers to the bridge were run by the city, fare, three cents. We were taken around everal corner3Tretty well up in--t he world, at least we could look in at second and third story windows. We were landed safely on the Mammoth Suspension Bridge high and dry over alb. 11 is a grand sight to see and a master piece ot art. . Ine water was sixty-sifeet four inches above its regular level, ye , some of the steamers could go under the bridge by lowering the upper extension of the smoke stack. We got a splendid view from the bridge of these large cities, Cincinnati on the north side of the Ohio, Covington on the south side. This place is on high ground and but little of : e -- -- - x . 11- - ....i - tl. d .! : ... i. - l- Jit i" . v-- nt - salt-cella- - would see a crowd of Irish trying to keep warm by a fire fed by the ruins of boxts and .other peices of timber raked out of the water. We saw nearly everything, afloat that would-floa- t, and dwelling houses, pig peas, ' some just comingin sight by thefalling waters, some turned cross wise, some over and some oh cud. We found our way "to the place wdiere the southern depot used to be, but is now a sea of muddy wafer. The main buildings were gone, some were m sight badly 'wrecked, some places the tops of the box cars were in sight, sometimes a road engine with the smoke stack out of water. We visited the "Early Breakfast" stove works. It had shut down, but Mr. Burton showed U3 through his sample room and workshop. -- They make nine hundred and fifty stoves per week. We did not visit a ny other factories - as they, were all stopped. Many houses are falling down as the es t , M, W. PiUTxr r, Ben-venu- , , to our 3rejubiiean-educ- a firnily,.. AVe find-th- at ion nil" is lar to our- - enjoyment of crown f jewels. We confess to a jositive satisfaction in the Contemplation of all these regal appointments. This Austrian regalia dates back to the Jime of Rudolph II, and includes the crown sceptre and imperial globe. They tell their own story of individual power and force, differing widely from any. our own continent has ever known. The crown of the Empress looks TrejuuLJno within a few years. Diamonds of fabulous value flash out their glittering rays as. we go on from case to case of these rich jewels. A p beautiful contains the wonderful Florentine diamond, valued at about three hundred thousand dollars. This belonced to Charles ; it was found bv a peasant after the battle of Granson and sold by him for less than a dollar. It is ' probable that the merchant of Bcrno A?ho bought this royal gem was as wcl I satis! let I with his share of the spoil as any of. the actors in the famous battle. A scarf contains tho grand cross of the Maria Theresa order, composed of hundreds of diamonds-- . clustering -around a largo pink one. Rubies .and emeralds of the choicest kind are used in all sorts of devices in these magnificent ornaments to the imperial --families.- Manynrticles" are the decorations of different orders. One of the Golden Fleece is made 'up with at least a hundred and fifty brillianta, the Frankfort diamond forming its centre. One entire room h Jilled with coronation rob?s which'have played a grand part iu the historical days of tho past. Tii ft little silver cradle of the Kjng of Rome, still bright with its golden coating, is the most pathetic thing v;e find in all this grand'dis-plaIt stands empty and neglected in the same room where we saw the insignia of Napo1 leon as king of Italy, zz: : each us cur at Historical step. jbsitieT greet We sigh for longer days andiewer limitations to our time. its we come upon the old horoscope of Wallenstein, we wonder if the. talis-- 1 iuan may not be able yet to work its spell. If we ceuld lay hold of one of those astrologers of . t,-- -- -- hat-clas- boot-blaek- water leaves. i I ry. s, w out-hous- 'T goblet--set'-wit- h heart-rendin- . w v. keysof theccJiiiis of znoMsiri is family iiprrial cquafly suggestive.' A Iarsre : crystal- "rich jewels takes, us back to the timc3 of Charles the Bold. We sit beside him at some .grand feast, watching the old courtiers as, they pledge themselvel Trad Their arms to the fair ladies whose kniglits they bound themselves to be. The bricht eyaT and lips that graced the courtTof the brave old monarch lives only iu song and but the ohf goblet ilashes back the light story, of ' the present century as clear! as - thouglr just fresh from 'the iapidary. The ;ippoint-mefor the tables of royalty were neither simple nor inexpensive in the times before ou r own: Francis L, cf France, counted his valued articles a the deamong from the fertile' brain of sign wrought 1 - - : Cellini. r We go on through" these wonderful rooms till we come to the jewels of the imperial d of every kind and color, factory girls, .waiter girls, and bad girls, Irish, Dutch and Yankee. We took a room facing Fountain Square, went saw Ha verly's Minstrels pre to. the opera V i Next morninir took another very good. s look around, thick a3 fleas, news. ly "boyssdththe-earmorning papers yelling 1 a bou Mo rning Jou rn al , pen ny ou t jos al the floods for one cent." All kinds of peddlers vending their different wares. Wentthrough the markets saw meats, fishes, fruits and vegetables of every concievable kind aud Ve followed the lower winding alley flavor. as close to the water as possible; sometimes we - which Argot their can nmg m the centuries that drifted into the great pangjjetbfeithe; luoreliwdern heroes" were born. -- The shiehbolthe Grand Marshal rails up .a thought ct gorgeous pageants and i nl n A 14, ebon v, casket rahi'-- from the unhoused filth and rubbish. : - We arrived iu Cincinnati about dark. The city ,wasin darkness, the. gasworks being lundcr water. Inwalking-roanthe cit awLsame- - of the houseless urchins" minus" coat, shoes and hat, curled up in the recesses of the doors and the streetsteps; that was the most g scene of all. To see the little fellows curled up on the cold stones to shiver till morning, then go in search ef breakfast. We walked the streets for one hour,, saw all kinds of people in all kinds of styles, sharpers, drummers, news boys, Juislnp' - (mhroiderediingcrs - men, kJmW - ' boot-black- iiaiis-Jiian- v i.u ...,i.uu. ki miq nation caUhes your eye as you emer the hall. bc.vond i -- 1 1 iioni . s some-time- ''-- j boats aud alLkinds of wrecks seemea to mingle freel v t?reHier., The pJv pmreiit ditGrence was, the houses,.; factories. etc. sc ?d like a demoirsTied forr and the UJgs and steamers seemed like the armv that-d- . fiVd ih t m Ccaa ... 14UU Wv'1 i, "-- Vi o?er the vaaquished frts. ridin? r.nv.idlv ov.r .all, ushing coal ilats deiiaatly the agaitfst stream, or retiringgrac?fulv with the current to their plae3 .ofjoring.l'Pile-ofiumber- , fraine buirdings, hay stacks.;,hoxes, barrels, etc, - were - kept in constant motion by the racing waters, while the whole seen? ' was dotted by boats of every kind paddlin-- or pushing with poles, some on the lookout for some for,, funj some trying to save, some laden with baskets of tbod, etc. Took a look: around Coviugton, crossed to Newport, the windows, all along each side of, the streets had much the appearance of. the ... ' show window of a Phot.r gaths with this ditference the pictures were all life. siz? and iu their every day dress or undress. We walked around the, high part of the city a little, .then' went back to Cincinnati via Newport Bridire. It was a. very warm day, the 'waters were receding and the air seemed filled with stench ,ot X ILN Af Ovt. f d , vc. Vienna without a visit to the iuarkabh On the long walls of the entrance 'r' tV t .1 - , 1 : r way; to improve, our minds What class of wo men is there en the face" of the earth that should be more noble, great, and good than those of the Latter-daSaints with the spirit of their religion to help them? Then let us, dear sisters', seek for improvement, aiid prove to our Heavenly Father that we are not uneon: scions of the many, blessings He has given on this earth for us to enjoy. And let us place such books before ou r child ren as will insti I . .steaniboatrtti :tenc2?x I think not. amlTtbmk that, "fhf" 'vy ill hold ib accountable fir lettin-outalent lie dormant: out minds" neeTTood "as we! ! jurgclve30 JiCi:ht of finMnno'i on. I I. II .t nut , rdimension distilleries. - - . 1 I for the, gifts he ha? blcsed us witli. d d n o we appreciate i'twa gbmiU ;.A X'ricar1 there- ara a great many of tvF who ,lo notl AVhat are we placed ou this earth for? 4i to work,-to- il aiid (ike out1 a miserable jxis- - , 159 was under water. Newport is on a low i oint of land Let ween licking Ktversnd the Vhl& Wo "l aflier our bodies I believe, the Lord intends that his children shall enjoy the blessings and gifts "that he has blessed them with. We should avail OMIfF S PON E K T. bo-longi- ng . y. -- ' 