head of the Savior, and the people riuoDStrated faying, this ointment might have been sold and the money given to the poor, but Jesm reproved them, and said,' "the poor ye havtf always with you, tut mo ye nave not always" Zlna eaid, "the poor we have always, but Sister Eliza we may not have always." Dr Romania 15. Pratt next presented, with a few brief and well chosen : pen to Sister wordsrwrltlng desk a Zlca, in behalf of the ladiee. Kefreahments : were then served to all and conversation again became general. . About eight o'clock the committee called upon Elder F. D. Richards to speak; he waa followed fey President Taylor who In the course of his remarks, related a converra-tio- n hehad" ju8t had . with a member of the British Parliament in regard to Utah. The other speakers were Counselor D. H. Wells, Bi3hop L. Wi Hardy, Sisters Eliza JR. and Zlna D., Sister Jane S. Richard?, of Ogden, Sisters Presendla L. Kimball and M. Isabella Home. Elder George Goddard gang, " Who's . on - the Lord's side," and Elder C. W. Penrose dismissed with prayer. The sen timents of those who spoKo were In accordance with the spirit of love and good feeling engendered by the pure principles of the Gospel, and the congratulations were sincere and fervent. Long may these mothers in Israel live to do good and minister to the daughters of Zion. :; . " IN MEMORIAM. ni"ui A- -- 1 -- rj. - 7 tumor., -- : ". -- . The deceased was the daughter of John D. and Pauline Malan, and wa3 born In the valley of Luzerna, Profinco of I'lnerolo, Piedmont,' Italy, July 10th, 1320. She was" baptized Into the Church of Jesus" Christ of Latter-daSaints, in her native town, in 1S53, by George D. Kea-toIn 1S5", ehe left her native land, crosscd-thAlps, and from Liverpool set sail for America on the "Javen-ta,- " with eeven hundred Saints on board; landed la Phil- , truveiicu vy way or rittsburg and uuciuia, iutij-ciluAtchison, arrived at Kormon Grove on the 25th of .May and on October 2Sth of the same year arrived at Salt Lake JJity, whence she immediately removed to Ogden where sho has elnco resided. She was the wife of James , jBarner, wno oiea jast dune. r before Mormon 8hortIy reaching Grove, cholera broke out among the traveling Saints. ' Hundreds fell by the way. Young and old alike yielded to its remorseless grasp. . Sister Barker, with heroic fortitude, like an angel of mercy, ministered to the sick and the dying, and cared for tho dead, while ehe comforted thoeo that mourned. In fulfilment of a promise pronounced upon their heads, at Liverpool, by Apostle F. D. Richards, not one of the family of which the deceased was a member was attacked with the disease. - was Disier parser treasurer of the Mound Fort Relief Society from 1874 to tho time of her demise. Her house was ever open for meetings and other duties of the Society. She was an earnest and indefatigable laborer in iuo cauee ot woman; and has, since Its first Issue, d for the Expoxext, the reading of which gave herjnonchrjleasura and rnmfnrtT nrtn k.v-.i--.-.tVAUCOOt Diligent and faithful In all her duties, kind and to the poor, charitable to the erring, meek and humble in spirit, exemplary in all the relations of life, with an unfaltering faith in God and her religion, she was beloved by all who knew her, and died In hope of a -to glorious resurrection, Inherit eternal life in the man- sions oi the just. rSho leaves a famUy 'of two bovs and four Hria .' J . " r ii4 U large circle or relatives and friends to mourn her loss. : Akxic Tatlok, Prest. y n. e . sub-scribe- P ben-evole- . J B-- . Axkie D. Tatlcb, Sister Julia Lindsay, presiding. - Singing. -- Prayer by Presiident William Budge. Singing. Minutes of last conference' read byJthc sec ' retary, and approved... The different societies were, represented as follows: Pari, 1st Ward, ' by Counselor H. Rich; Paris, 2nd, Ward,-b- y Prest. M. A, Shepherd; Ovid,; Prest. Carleson;-Montpelier- , Prest. P. Hogenson; Bennington, ' Prest. VanOrman; Bloomington, Prest. Green- halgh; St. Charles, Prest. Jacobs; Fish Haven, Prest. F. Howell; Liberty, George Town, Soda SpringsTGarden City, Mea3owville, Lake Town " Randolph," Woodruff, and Saleratus 'L Creek, were not represented. A number of subjects were treated upon by the different presidents, and among the most important ones were those of storing grain, building temples, and assisting, theTDeseret Hospital. The reports were very encouraging and showed that much good was being done by the sisters. President Lindsay felt "pleased with the remarks of the sisters. Alluded to the remarks of President,Carleson, who said she never called v upon the association for r anything but that she received it, and thought if we all could say that we would soon become perfect, r We should economize our time and spend it in a way that will help others as well as ourselves. Exhorted the, sisters to attend their meetings regularly that: they might get of the times, for they could not get it without. We should not stay away because we are afraid we will have, to speak, we miist make a beginning, commence at the foot of the ladder as it were, and ascend. As the Logan Temple was nearly completed, would like to send what means could be brought together to be donated to; the Deseret Hospital. Showed the necessity grain antTaF building granaries so that it could be taken care of. We are called upon by our Heavenly Father to renew our energies, let us all try tq do so to the best of our abilities. r Counselor Maria Rich felt to rejoice in the things the Lord had blessed us with. Had been quite ill for the past year, but had prayed earnestly for health and her desires had been , granted.- Spcke--of some "of her"experience in the early settlement of this country and of the many trials she had passed through, but knew that the Lord would help those who tried to do good. We should speak cheering words to our sisters, comfort the distressed anddo the will of our Heavenly Father and keep his command" T - m nt ai;' -- . ' . of-stori- - -- ments. Counselor E. Collings. felt thankful that we could meet together in peace and worship the Lord according to the dictates of our consciences. He had blessed us exceedingly since we had been here. Compare our condition with what it was a few years ago and then ask ourselves if we ought not to comply with the requirements of our Heavenly Father? I think we should, but some of us are neglectful of our duties. If we have done, anything wrong we " must repent now and serve God more faithfully in the future, v The afternoon was occupied by the Y. L. M. .: I. A. Sunday, 10 a. m. Sister J. P. Lindsa vpre-- . eiaincr. hon Prir,e: ngiDgtoyery-i-s - ZiSAB LAKE. v ' v I iuciitix-iiuttmiuui.- - - - '; : . A President M. Innis then represented Paris, 1st Ward, she not. being present on Saturday morning. Counselor E. Collings encouraged the sisters to attend the meetings. We must watch ourselves and reform in all our evil ways. There 13 plenty of room foriraprOvement, and there is no time for U3 to look at "the imperfections of others. It is not pleasing in? ha eight of : r . ixio meeiingsana "by t hei r encou ragiug remarks. It was right to have written asuwell as verbal reports at our conferences, and hoped the people would exercise a little patience. .rrT-7 We believe "in revelation and shbuld feel thankful that the Lord has condescended to speak to U3 at this time and in such a kinrllr - -- - jjiaimr. TTorl fialf enm OtoTi O f IITlOdOTT nn onnniint n( pride that was creeping in among the Latter-da- , il. y Saints, and said we must be wise in the way we use our time and spend it to the glory of God. We snould not let our mind3 be taken up so much with the thing3 of this world. The Lord looks at the heart, not at the clothes. We must get rid of classification and: distinction and lay' up treasures for the next world Don't li send your : means to the Stales for cheap literature and give it to our children to read. We must have the Spirit of the Lord in our hearts at all times, and be very watchful, as it takes but very little to "grieve that SniriL Alluded to the rerein f irm tVmf YiA lately been given to President Taylor and ex- - liArfo1 r acciof tViniw cIctoTO ml-- iM-isl-- , t. i their families in order, as they could do much e suumu - ue uetermineci iuiuat: uitcuuuu,. Iv 'PntKpr'f A An Kof. hv the heln of our Heaveri ' . J . . ter tms year man we nave ever done beiore. Keep your small children in the house in the evening where you can look after them and see that your daughters keep goodLcompany. to attend their aseatneyoung-iaaie- s the instructions all meetings, gain they could, that they might be able to train their children -- m an acceptable way beiore Uod. rresident Uudge made a lew remarks about sustaining the officers of the Relief Societies, . X not feel willing to sustain them with their faith and prayers to make their objections. The Stake Presidency, secretaries and presidents and counselors of the various associations were then sustained hy the vote of the people. President Budge, trusted that the faith and prayers of the Saints would be exercised in hi3 behalf, that what hejnight say might be treas-urer3a- nd bene--fici- al Had been nleased and edified hv to all. the the sisters,4hey were calculated to make us think, and to be profitable to us after we leave this assembly. Alluded to the remarks of Sister Lindsay about partaking of the influences of the Gentiles. The Lord said "Come out of hftr fRj? hvlnn VfV m v people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." What - . -- R. S. REPORT; , remarks-o- . . . Secretary. timo in dresrf hen we can use it to so much better advantage. '. ; : , The statistical and financial report and the diffrcnir societies reporUrom-th- e retheii 7 read the . . by secretary. 1 rest; liindsay was pleased to see sojaiaay at v rr i habi l I nil II r't'i iim' tiiiii irni ill wi.. Iwui inn tub " it IJltlUltu liUQ t coniideiice in their labors, and knew that thev -- the-spiri- t : - It ?a wWl. 'ciwtI - uuJ iueiiuga oi Borrow mat we record the death of one of onr most eBteemed Elstere Marr Katerfna Barker. "whb denarted thU firv6th1S - hnmA !n Afnnnd'fl r lit her a ui if ucai Vlitll) 4vmmw o Tv i alter a long and painful sickness, caused by an inward ' ' Relief Societies of Rear Lake Stake was held on Saturday and Sunday, January" loth and commencinir Saturday. 10 a. ra. litli - f " O W with us the spirit and habits of the Gentiles ? Evils exist among us "and it is necessary that they should be corrected We should; give our thoughts to better things, the instructions we receive will strengthen us in our endeavors. Wo say we tnanK Mjrod ior these instructions and for Apostles and Prophptq ftnrj. gKnnyi-w1 x : .. x.T r i i uvi ue pre uareu io receive iv meir woras. Jei us eadeavor to turn aside from all that is not right, and serve God more closely in the future. I believe that this feeling exists among the people. - Some of u indulge in the use 'of tobacco, strong-drink- , tea and coffee, and we ought to leave off these habits, as God A -- J. J evils J ' " O - - vwyw UU . I UIIIWVIM. that directly effect us, as the results of such practices, we become slaves to our appetites. This is not right, Latter-da- y Sainta thctild ba firea in trtrt rcisset to ssnra Gadi 