The Bights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all .Nations : 'rz 1 f , ..1U ... , . UXLLJ - - A BLESSING INSTEAD OF A BAN. VVc learn by the things we finiler" "SuchJ our Maker's plan; Oft what- we" deem e'uch trouble-- Is a tilessiDg instead of a ban. - , , - ; " : Father's love,- - r ' .","..' The test of our souls convictions The gauge of our trust and truth-Su- ch are our light aillictions Courit them, a crown, forsooth, - "We learn by the things ' is our Maker's plan; . ' Oft what we deem Euch troubles-I-s a blessing instead of a ban. ' Emily II. Woodmansee. ' Salt Lake City. wo fculler"-.Suc- CIIKISTMAS. BY HANNAH T. KINO. .'There are days in the year. "retruTlTroutusy life of toil and every day enjoyment; at these times we .seem, to resolutely catch time by the forelock, and : say to him, that--seemtoja- sta)ontloTs3rr take a look back on the road we have traveled, and time seems to accede to ur entreaty and at once takes us up into high mountain, from which we stand and gaze down the indistinct and interminable road we have traveled; we go back as far as the eye can take usand memory rlrcs up and shows us our nursery home where as little children we were fostered, and cared for, and every want supplied by" Those beautiful parents, our loving parents. 'how they stand out in bold relief in that dim vista as the Lares and Penates of that beloved home; how much we remember, and yet there seems a veil of mist overshadowing thatcradle ' of childhood. Memory brings us higher up the vista we are taking the leap into the grand arena of life! we become actors on the broad stage of terra firma; we voluntarily take a part we throw off the domino, in which we acted out our. childhood under-tutorand governors, now we take a character, and in that we intend to walk the stage of life; there i3 much that enchants and dazzles our brain, the tinsel of the stage is fascinating, we look not beyond, the arena seems "all for us, and those associated with us; the audience seem smiling approvingly upon our debut, and we are elated, for the springs of life, are bright and sparkling we " -- - r wj-.- .. No. 14. 7 : years almost of ing spent a life for twenty-tw- o seclusion, hardly understands us or where we there is no man or woman stand. Yet in England who would change her for another monarch." array ourselves in ourjiaracter role, and we., walk the stage with an elastic step, there is a concord of sweet sounds about our ears, and we feel inspired to carry out the role we have undertaken. We labor to propel our destiny, and we dream of eclat and applause crowning our exertions.. The scenes are shifting the glory and the beauty of the .opening ones are cliaDged dark and gloomy ones take possession, but we plod on. Alas! the poetry of the stage has vanished, but we work on determined not to be discouraged; we bid adieu to the poetry,' except a small portion which we. lovingly lay up in the depths of our soul, that we be not quite starved. We then heroically take up the prose of lifej we find it is something more substantial, more nutritious, more suitable tor the wear and tear of this work-a-da- to-da- y . . Sometime since we published something about .Mrs. Clara T. Leonard and Governor Butler's opinion about a woman not being a person. The "Daily Evening Traveler" of Nov. 24, folpublished in Boston, Mass., contains the lowing, besides the statement in detail which Is too lengthy for oiir columns: "The full bench of the Supreme Court sent to the Governor and Council yesterday its decision upon the point raised as to whether Mrs. Clara T. Leonard is lawfully a member of the Board of Health, Lunacy and Charity. The - Governor declared her place vacant on the ground that she was not a person , and made an appointment to fill the vacancy which he held existed.- The Council declined to accept the Governor's interpretation of the law, and an appeal was made to the court, which now decides that MrsLeonard is a "person" under, the statutes, and that she is as fully and as legally a member of the board as any other one of the eight who are her colleagues.'.' We have now - attained - the maturity of character and reputation ; wo make a Home, " wepeople it with beings of our own creation, wre are now sur,' we have dropt all rounded by the. stern, matter of fact realities of the world's wide - stage! we have passed the rocks and shoals that all human beings have to pass through , more or less, we have been per mitted to recognize the hand of God, we realize that He has been the Grand Organizer arid ""' " Governor of our lives. This day of Christmas also teaches us to remember the Savior of the world, the Redeemer of the human family; Him whose name we have taken upon ourselves, and whose service we, rejoice in, and are trying to magnify our calling. Xetus then be cheerful, let us rejoice, let us even be merry, but let us remember to temper all our moods with dignity and sobriety, that were we summoned to. juit this stage of " life in" the midst of our rejoicing, .we, might calmly and smilingly quit these sublunary scepes for the grand" erapyreum of our Father who art hi Heaven, so that when the final cur " - play-acting- Thau tcTrtldentha space the distance 'Twixtthe earth and the Heavens above. . ur world. Fat-hion- ! .And lean on cmr . y TJetter to. Icam compassion -v.. By much that w 6 keenly ''';i.Than "to loHow the tyrant, A slave to her whims and will. Better to need apsistance a. . , The straits Uiat the pooreet know Thau be void of the comprehension That senses a uHerer'6 v.'oc. " vA -- What if a favor'dt?) number Can verily do aeypiease?'' "What if the aimless 6lnmber, Qr flysoul take thine eas''" Better our strength to measure Gainst a host of "the ills that be," Tban to sink in the sands call'd pleasure, That circle pro? perity'e sea. ""Better JiJ4Jk...MJ .t ia injldls Jjn ou - ea rthly-- ptl grim ageriwe-niay- " hear the plaudit?, not of an earthly audience, e but the chant of myriad voices singing the new inhabi tant of Heaven, enter in to the Joy. of thy 1 xrd. r- Wel-t'orn- " NOTES AND NEWS. A CHRISTMAS STORY FROM REAL LIFE. There lived, in a settlement on the frontier of Southern Utah, in the year 1872, a family and two consisting of a man and his wife children; one a boy-- of five years, the other a babe of three months; their home, a rude hut made of lumber an.d willows covered with canwere laborvas, indicated to the passer by they of a ing under the difficulties and deprivations morthe and new settlement. It was winter; row would be Christmas Day! The ground was white with snow, and the few trees in the crystal; for nagarden looked like pyramids ofthem a visit Jhe ture's misty king had paid pearls night before and" scattered his shining nature and around. Old Sol was smiling, looked grandly beautiful! but to the woman m : that humble cot everything was darksheand for vvhathad dreary- - She was thinking, -- Christmas-dinner? Wherewere the turkey the and other delicacies that should grace contable? Bread and butter were the only the tents of her- - cupboafd. To the mother she dinner was only of secondary importance; should be thought of the little stockings that that hungup that evening, and the presents But she would like to put in and around them. counthe she had no money to buy with, and luxuries. . , try furnished no such had m the lived north, who relatives, Their had gone to Salt brother-in-laplenty. Her soon. Lake City and he was expected home A ray of Would they send present by him?friends had for her hope was in thatr thought, been bp She feared not. In he dfTr gftations .a bright little fellow came . who surrounded her throne when she was first placed upon it. Only one man of the Cabinet of 1837 remains. Earl- Grey was the Viscount Ilowick who as Secretary for War took the The name of oath at Kensington Palace. almost another age. Lord Melbourne suggests Lord Palmerston, Lord John Russell, and Sir John Cam Hobhouse have long passed away. Lord Lansdowne's great grandson inherits - We believe that there are only three inembers of the present Parliament who were in the Parliament of 1837. These are Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Christopher Talbot, and Mr. C P. Villiers." "The Queen ha3 had eight Prime Ministers. They are all gone save Mr. Gladstone. It is not wonderful that Her ... Majesty sometimes speaks as though she found herself in a world she does not know. With her strong attachment to old frieridsiier dislike of new faces, and the difficulty with which she can reconcile herself to new. acquaintances with new interests occupying men's minds in society, art, and literature, it is no marvel' that the Queen, hay- - Bos-woo- ; d. w very-kmd-toherButv- ould.he . ; Ohfm! Santa Claus will before to-nig-ht. You must hang up my stocking." Claus Tvill not "I am afraid, my boy, Santa ' visit us; we are too poor." because we "Mean, old thing! not tq come l re poor; he ought to come all thewe. Lake to Salt know ma! Uncle Ralph's gene i 