f SALT XAKE AX OLD FOLK 'S WEDDING RHYME. ClTYr-O- T No. 11. O, that meteor bright that illumined my sky, j Soon passed, frdm-i- ts zeiiith to realms upon hifh. And to he. true and faithful, to. meet him again, I" the guerdon 1 crave for this of - - early life Sweet-bellraj; cm the n.jr, JJlit foot?tihurrf(l to rind fra in A to n n rt nri i lip pTjnT- ; r - - - :- p FORTUNE TELLING. I knoy this subject will- be interesting to lii05t, if not all the young ladie3 who read the ExroN j;nt. I have long wUhed that I could excess my views to the young ladies upon this Hibj.'d , l)ut a. fear that I should not do the subject justice, ha'3 caused me to neglect it. I scarcely expect my views to harmonize with 1 h(,;-:-e 0 f al the young people, but I hope and-tlK-- ( '!!. ': Ariel In - duri')g lllly sQven year-- ; , Opt a In am! mate have Puited roek and reef, gtilnan r.a Leav v.u'alc-.-- ' f,afety.-ovc- r ' -- " 1 belieyrlhrn me;"" Yoiingladies, (lo you know .whoyou are? Well, I think I hear some young ladies say,we think we do. Exactly, you think you do. Well, now, to my mind if you understand who Tbvy brought in fafeiy through. And twice the- - stopt i'n lieavcn's hay ... And left t he re, dear on;--. .). Lo ig may the good fhip t nion.i-aiAnd tbfic laiiriuurwy oVr "Sl-iCaptain Christopher and wife 'Anchor on Leaven's shore.; y - .. - . ' -- ! ! OXID.UTLK JEWEL. -- Pare fair and r.oOi--! Dowered with Heaven's rarest b, thepsireceftatiLiadn; 55 When I "hold hiiu in 1113- - uriuj. ! ............. , eluu-ms- . " -; atn -0 'g p T- - . In .their depths such wonder tracing, . Nunc at I tchold. iuothers-enii Hut the thousand lit.tle dimples All conid v. i!-.- ;.;-r h-- tmil. d; j All eonlu'Teci his gen lie. presence Though infant child. Tnd : -- -;- " Father ever hind Jisalrii2iant r -- 1 " rr" I knsitlhat he was given" By a -- Lcuiii :- - rohrlfeaveii" 1rrr- To all else my heart av;s blind.never thought, e'eu for a moment, " : That he: might not lor.g remain; That the One who lends these jewels ''..' Sometimes calls them back again. . So absorbed with my treasure I scarce can remember all the months since that chilly. No' vember. twe think; for a moment, yes, 'twas May time I khow, ten. the enow had all melUd, the wind ceased to ". blow; How have passed .. . ThehilTsvere adorned v.; i t It-l- a i i - but-wea- d, -- " keep this channel open and free, that the still small voice may always find a ready response m our hearts, and live - so that we may be ahje to distinguish it from the promptings of the atfc versary. U h atever God wi thholds from us, after praying.to him for knowledge concerning the future, we may be quite sure is not in tended for us to know, and -- if He, will not reveal thefuture'to us we had better be without the knowledge; many times if wo knew the triak which await us we would not be so well prepared to puss through them as we are when kept jn ignorance ot them until they come. At all events God's way is the best way, and we would lessen our troubles by learning it early. Some cue may ask, Did you- - never have your fortune told? Oh, yes, I have tried both ways and know vrhereof I write, and I would advise' all to: cultivate theiloly Spirit, and- - it will guide them into all truth, and reveal to them those thing3 that are proper forjhem tojmow,-- Oct..b:?r, lbS.'j ,; - . 1 . s, in-th- Ruth. OBJECT IN LIFE. .. - I think we should all examine our hearts, andrseek-i- v purify ourselves. We-- certainly a I have. soiiiO.: ob j ec t - i n -- 1 i fe,-- and "s h 011 1 d TCs IT ourselves serivasly what that object is, and e . f y THE LAST CHAPTER OF SCENES IN NAUVOO. BY IIELEN MAR WHITNEY. x. on the 3rd of FebruarvJ a At earl v twilight c H. K. Whitney and myself that this day fin-- " ished their work in the Temple, and that we were to present, ourselves there that evening. JTheAveather being fine we preferred to walk; and as we passed through the little graveyard at the foot of the hill a solemn covenant we entered into to cling to each other through time and, if permitted, throughout all eternity and this vow was solemnized at thyholyaltar. Though gay and highminded in many other things we reverenced the principles taught us ... by our parents and held them sacred, also the covenants which we .had previously made in that house, so much so that we would as soon have thought of committing mcjdeasJo hcL---l : tray them; for in doing either we would have forfeited every right or jclairnto our eternal salvation. On the morning of the 4th the sun shone brightly into the east windows of the Temple, where a new scene was being enacted. A num ber of persons were busily engaged removin nit articles of furniture,, stoves, carpets' and pic tures, etc., etc President B. Young, and Bp N. K. Whitney were invited with members of a , . gloom rv from rnri oiMf.,! i.,i.rtT v.as ucEimca to part j w.iiilU4 utu;m -- was snatched from my home.hu t not from my bart" ' to Parftfor earth's sorrow iU coldness, and g'n u i sv ujiji, u was now passed withm. i.-- 1 t t 1 1 a;n "tTTrRh "owersjrejcJh-s- Mhad seen, aid.?., the hroht nr!ni Trrv, vrrr T, w, ink, " what your fortune is. Is there a yeung laiy that can truthfully say that she has learned that which made her feel happier, and brought that spirit of peace, joy and comfort which the' Holy pir.it brings? Icarcely th'ink that ycung ladies who pray and attend their meet iugs will think- of visiting fortune tellers, for. the Comforter has been bestowed upon all those who have been baptied .into the.Church, and its office work is to bring things past to our remembrance and teach us of things to come, slid take of the things of the Father and slipw them unto us; we" have "prophets to'guide and direct us and warn us ot danger, and by meaBs of prayer and a godly life there Js an open channel of communication between us and our Fatlur in Heaven; He can always communicate to that it is important for us - I'm sunvfor thcee ''1 1 wcts ir-- lio I-th- tokhowran if e'er a happy mother-Felt a pride iii one ehe loved, True 'twas I, though oft I trembled A by oiiV5 dec impnhe moved. Vet - - thing ever, gave more plea.-ur-e il1 rr I HLA 1 ' .oi Jii to hi eari. asMMged by hi 5 Weel preance, .. ...l.As were banished nil my'Rgh?. h, I ne'er could tire in gazing sJe en, you are, who placed you "here upon : this fair earth, and what you were placed here for, you vm m,i:r neeu 10 go to some one who shuffles a pack of cards, or turns a teacup to find out -- Amlrur-.- j in-IIeav- r -- ... : -- . 3 Pwi; - -- Bound for a lon; bong journey Around tli:' world h wide, Well frri jdown.wUli love luid fail!), ' nr teiiip.-t- 'eiirn, ii e L ' t'hij.-t"i'!i':- ri i '"' parting pain. Still honor the Father, the great Giver, And join the loved ones near that "Beautiful KiycrJ-; K. k,- s. .7 '. all-wis- i FoTon the good--h;jiion """,-.The captain', fctuod,: ; And by his tiJd hisbiir young bride' With courugo. true aiui ,; tl. ' what the result of it might be. I saw an ac- count of some leading .American women going to tart a reform in dress, instead of following after the harlots and disreputable women of 1 think.it is time-every honest hearted woman threw off the shackles.: which makes ; slaves, by trying to imitate those whose only aim is to lead to destruction and ruin. ' It is more than eight, years since we made the resolution to try and create our own fashions, such as would be conducive to health and comfort. Do we all think of this when we go to make a 'dress? I" hope so, and I think we should guard against too much adornment, fur . it shows thatwe worship the god of the world instead'of our Father for He hk ' said, "Let your garments be plain, and" the .beauty thereof the workmanship of your own hands.'! sometimes, there will bea" great change before we as a people carry out this principle, for imported things can bo got cheaper than they can be manufactured here, ll know home made articles are much -- better. Then let us -- begin to encourage home talent; there ar.e many things that could be made here, neckties and collars, hood, jackets stockings and other little things could, be net-tecrocheted and knit. I daunt mean for" every mother to do her own if she can't conveniently, but if these things were morcTen-courage- d there is plenty of ingenuity to make them. "And would it not be much better for many df the young to learn to create some- thing instead of using so much time in making dresses for show? When Babvlon falls we will certainly have to make them or go without. So let our object in life be to be honest, iudus-triouand do all the good we can, that in the end we may feel that our days have been well " You r sister Gospel, spen t. Maiiy J. LIofjuson". " Manuscript Paper; Younq Ladies J raid of Union." Spanish Fork, Oct."l6,1883-- ; - -- " i. . 