W can find do time for Improvement, tot even to read. Bister K night's history Is similar to that c( hundreds cf other upright, honorable Women whose persecutions and hardships, whose faith aud .rate grity to the Gof p el of CLrst has hip as well aa gocd. unflinching through evil 1 1 la weir for cur.ycung people, .to become ac QUajniCU Will llio jmo 1' " Saints who thould children of the Latter-da- y take up thesefacts and weave them Into readable, creditable prose and poetry, that will enrich the literature of Z'ori. Homespun baa begun a geed wcik and may she be able to accomplish much In thit direction, that will make her a t'X a litterateur. . rrt TT ft I II 1 1 llf mittee ate busy preparing 1 for the Tl r ''I Bazar for the Leneflt of the Deseret Hosnital fund, which will . m ! i - i Oil insi. me ihu CDen m me occ ai IT xiaji illsI like'y to be quite a large aflilr, aa the Relief So ciety and Y. L. M. I. A. In the city, and also in the country even, are Invited to send in dona : f i 1 l i ILL olent purpose. The Unity Club has been most 1 A 1 1 il.-T:- i 1. L tlon .very much by the efforts of lla members, and as the winter la coming on. it ia an opportune time to help increase the means of blessing the sick and afflicted. It la hopad, by ihose whose labors have teen uncaasing In establish, ing the Hoepital, that the associations will re. Epond willingly and liberally to the call, both the Eelief Society and the Y. L. M. I. A. It has teen ah immense undertaking and ia still In view of the fact of only a email proportion being able to pay the full amount for the treatment received. Then the officers labor under another very serioua difficulty, which Is, that they ar e renting the building, which la unavoidable on their part, and t her rent alone amounts to 720. a year, at the rate of $60. pe month. wun omer incidental expenses on the premises in Artrlltlnn in fiirntshfntr t.h Imnao ffnmflHffnf-mflr'aTforrarman fa .unnlu fit. for tvtry necesaary the use of patients and paying for help. It ia quite a commoa occurrence ;' fn- - lorilaa In nther Htls w MW .V. ' and tnuma ' v Up . vv.iL f ; bazars, fairs, theatres and entertainments "for these benevolent purposes, and as Latter-day SnisjwjaAhonl4rta fed A.O lUWfU TT AMU iiCCU II L LKI 1 1 11)11 -MMUV43 f DlfinnA&a and charity. The Bazar will be arranged attractively, and as this ia j ust the season before Chriatmaa when people's hearts grow very ten. der as the anniversary of time approaches when "Peace and good will to all men" was declared upon the earth, there la .very little doubt of its being a financial success. EFFECTS OP THE GOSPEL. ' iub iruiia or me uoepei are JHe and salvation, so we will take this as the key to our eubfecr. whoae minute eflecta are countless," and we can only tell a few, trusting they may serve aa itimulantto thinking minds In studying jipon the principles of the Gospel, and its wonderful fleets upon the children of men We will look for a moment at tho case of our first jarents,- Aaam and Eve. Immediately "after ihntr trno. r gression and fall: cast out of the nrepfmr with whom they had walked in the Garden of Eden, bowed down with grief and shame at His displeasure, feeling bitterly the weight of the curse resting upon thtm. w -- - ' iMon High? Wry have we come here, is It not that we may prepare oureelvea to enter into a higher and holier life, which is to last forever? Infwbat way shall we prepare for it nert ilfc. i dition, aa they went forth to work our their tal- weet-b- y thcrbi ttfflnlEeTr back "teethe Tjoumty presence cf GooV ; Turn to the B ble and read the edects of this Gospel upon the diccipksof Christ; how it calJtd them rorn their various avocations in life to follow Him, the greatest teacher of the Gospel the world has known. It gave those followers of Christ,1 those saints of former days, power to battle against sin and Satan, to withstand temptation, to bear the persecution heaped upon them, and to many it gave the power to lay down their lives for its principles. It scstaintd Job in all hia affliction?; gave 8trengthto jaul- Jn his endeavors to sustain and epread abroad Its truths, and courage to David to dare the mandates of utjust and wicktd men. Its principles led Enoch and his followers on to perfection, so they had to bo removed to a higher, purer L-abode. J; "for ahaoment at theTflecLs of Let us now-loo- k the lici of the Gospel among men. Do you think If the had possessed one spark of its spirit and light they would have crucified Jesus, and said, "Let Hla blood rest upon us and our children." No, its JJght had gone out; been destroyed by the evils and abominations that filled the nation. Would the world have mocked and derided Noahas he buiided the ark and warned them of the coming destiuction? Ko, it Is the niter absence of the spirit of the Gospel, its principles and power, that brings ruin, misery and desolation upon Individuals and upon na- Jes tions. We can read the records of the past, can trace therein the marvelous results of the Gospel, see How Israel was prospered its mighty and blessed while she walked in Its hght: how Egypt was favored of the Lord while she hearkened to its promptings, and the dire results of both in failing to regard its principles and teachi- ngs- 101 og LHyUearntnes ujjcj nuu ,jk la iud "Ja iUit;U We do net know how long they were left in thit state of darkr ess and misery,' but we know that after a time Ucd revealed to them the Goe-1- 1 plan of life and ealvatlon, that it changed all thtlr wetpicg and into sorga of K In l .V anil rnrh f linln(insi " aj l uu tucivica au. a bleaslngs made known .unto themehijinjnot Jjniojnfijn644varimt-tIt gae them strength to brave the thorna and brier?, the pain, and all the Ills of their new con- whom no accumulation of .triala cr difficulties could cause to waver .or Jurn away, there if - EX P O N E NT o luwB-vMuw.iniB- -. IOI Uie UiVUla AN S m-uml- rert much rich material Jorh OM " ; ' JL7Zl But let ns come nearer home that we may not only read but see its workings and results. It was that which sustained our Prophet Joseph Smith through years of Intense labor. and persecution until he. established again in the earth the true Church of Christ; until he began again-work that reaches from the beginning unto the end of time. Its voice has reached nnto the ends of the earth; no spot so high, so low or desolate, but It has or will reach j as thousands of our Elders testify, and as tens of thousands of the dispersed of Israel bear witne3s who have gathered from the Islands of the Seas and from parts afar cff. We have seen by its magic power the desert places become fruitful fields and smiling gardens; the restoration of faith and confidence almost fled from earth. The work ia onward; the battle for a time unceasing; but weary not, for there will come a day of victory and rest, for the Great God has decreed it, and when the work of the Gospel la fully completed. we world redeemed and will find our restored to that high position fromrwhich it 7 fallen Hope. it not be a question with us, in what -- Should WAV ran UZi W'iW J, nsa r ni - Hm o loted to us here,, In wiaely- nreDaricfir ourselves or - TEA that great future where wo shall resp t nAf n " BE DILIGENT AND FAITHFUL. Should we not make it our daily business to Uve our religion according to oar professions, walk uprightly aa beoometh the children of the - thejre-Jvardjfuraisg- A II' nimUwil.l. vuu iJ icuj jjia ipmfl ti W ULll. jy that we are. trylrg to do the leg hero we know, how, tetking couticually to very know and do the mind of our Father which la In heaven, being obedient to those, whose right It is to guide ua along, ever striving to liye hum. ble and prayerful. Jesua said that fcVeVerll idle word and thought we' will be called to give an account. Have not all of ui a taionf, one if ' uuv luuic, ii cujou'jum we iiU6 pm luai laienc out to usury, ever striving to do good, be kind and loving to our parents, brothers and sieter?", wKnmMrA and all thnPR-wi- th oi,Afloi.f w ma t w mm kVVIf Can we be in the society cf the kind and pure withoutfeellng comforted and strengthened un- uer sucn an mnuenctv lr we expect to asaoclate with the JnteJJJgent we must tee-- to become In- - x tloOO&rtt uvuu 11.-- 1. (J-- J tc-d- ry btt -- ( b k wo i I 1 (ran ICi IqVU r1 rt niiFDBiirai SJIAL 3C i D3i UUUU1Ut im i i w rrr a 11 v s. L t WO jUQ. Ik Ill PC l.. ,m Mtl lowly that we may become more and more like our Elder Brother, Jesus Christ, who taiJ, "Where. He waa UU should ba also." To ourselves to be like Him must we not follow out thoee sublime teachings where He said, "Do unto others aa you would wish others to do unto you, to forgive others their trespasses as we hope to be forgiven our trespasses." Jesua also said, "If you. love me my command- mente." Are we diligent in keeniner the nnm. mandments of Gad as we receivo them from time to time? Jesus also said, "Let your light shine before men that othora seeing your good works might glorify your Father which ta in Heaven;" also, "He tlut ia ashamed of me before men, him will I be ashamed cf before God and His holv ancrels. and he that is not ahamr.d cf 'me before men him will! not be ashamed of before my Father and His holy angeia. Let ua tnen ds up anuuojDgiOYing-iwHn-aji-our"might to so live that we may have a testimony within us concerning the workof God in these last days, which shall be like a well of living water springing up unto eternal life. The pleasures of this life are nothing compared with those we experlenoo whnwjfedLlhat; weare- living up to what walking ia' the line of our duty, and doing good. ke-e-p T we-profes- s, Aunt Hannah. a Bin-stricke- ' - Nephl. THE WORD OIT WISDOM. I would write a few words upon the Wbrd of Wisdom . I feel timid In so doing for I believe it means so much more than our weak I thought minds can comprehend, except we are enlightened upon it; but If we show our willingness we may learn little by little until wo become perfected In it. Some think to quit drinking tea and coflee a great sacrifice, but I think these who feel that way will esteem it a very small thing before they are tried as Abraham was. Nearly all human, beings think they came into the world to be tried; soletcaeach ask our-- Eelves tbequegironi do we believe our Heavenly Father has revealed these truths for our benefit? Ifwexhwe should rejoice that we have the privilege of showing our appreciation of them, and try to adopt them in our every day life. I fear, if we are too weak to try, that we will likewise be too weak to stand when the destroyer lion the errand of death. , 7 ' " 