' THE WOMJLVS EXPONENT. thV anas t it ffiuaiji ftr--wvmm'Xh- l- taV will 'We.th7$earti ci a." ymtf-:-: th"- - people;" Why should nat wetnen, represent their own :IM held In the n w ; ijiko Rq se." The mmt-we- nt excellent in evtry rtpct,:fcnd ttere attndance. fiunday af ternaou the wad a large Int- public print d well is ta Qther directions, especially tnoe who hayj the exercise cf -t womerj h avtT the" b'aHo t?"TrieJLiUry-?-n reasons for sustaining a paper cf "'raan.y'-'zwerest-!a t'oa .. Iheii conferene, the -- assembly being he.Hl -- :?nbllfid ' aeni-aontiil- in - jv 3It Laic City, rtai; JhelownTj2e-i- r 7si,d0 Tea copies far the priw c'Klafc AJwnlais rates: Tch sqauer-iaahier- tf spacecne to diacc:xiit lifcsril A 00. montX 5150: tiase, per that exist A44r?as all jratiness ccmmnzic&iltyts to Vfc-xxx'- Zxfcx37, s --"v aaltLaka whrevetbe Saints have Latter-da- y and alio mliiiferent parts cf tjieJL and in ottercculrlisTth navia and tk awailaaXalandsNeWZealind and Australia. These require the medium of a newspaper to give lnfcrrcaticn and iastructicn on all matters pertaining to the work la all its various details. The EPONjrha3 h volume. The next number ccnmencfci-- new volume and should real y make a new era in its circulation. It is said to be a good missionary paper and a great benefit to the Elders of the Church who are cut in their fields of labor proclaiming the Gcspel. We are in hopes that It will be somewhat improved in appearance at the commencement of the new volume. BwZiV'1. House, South LTemple Siirst. Baaiaes hoars ...from..: a. m. to 5 p. ta. Tarvlax, except ScxuUy. Iblisher , aty-CtaJi- a . MAY SALT LAKE CITY. f WOMEN" 3ELF-SUPORTIN- 13, 13S3. A G. . Step by step women are advancing In industrial pursuits, and becoming mere helpful in the great battle of life, the struggle for a tempor... al exlatance, termed in common parlance, "getting a living. " Even women of refinement and possetsed of superior attainments do not feel quite satisfied to be dependent altogether upon the exerUona'of the ''men folks," of the house"" hold, but intelligent cultivated women step cut Into avenues of employment and actually earn money of their own. It is true that woman la the homekeeper as well as the housekeeper, and that her hands must beautify and adorn, and her sweet face and quiet, gentle ways make home the most delightful place in the world to its Inmates by performlDg all the dutlis Incidental to such a position, and whenever It is possible, .it seems only consistent that shejJiQuid- cares, but it fre quently happens that the wheels of life's lumber- Jngcoach get clogged, and impediments often lie In the pathway of. prosperity, and if the wife, the help meet can assist In removing any of these obstruction?, so much the better and easier are they overcome. And there are instances where heavier burdens fall on delicate, women, and find them totally to lift up any burden; for misfortune unprepared comes to rich aa well a3 poor, and not urTfre quent-- " ly women are left to work cut the problem of bread and butter, or depend upon the charity of friends. How difficult for those who have never been never educated In the school of busi- In of habits been disciplined any regular - nes3, perchance, not trained In methods of econ- omy in performing labor. On such women heavy indeed fall the burdens of The best way to better the condition cf women In these res pec ts Is to make In dustrJal for women popular, and to elevate labor. In order to do this, much must be done by moans of the press and the platform. It la the opinion of many people, and thosaof good Judgment too, that the ballot is to bo the great lever' towards lifting women : Into the higher and broader atmosphere of Inde- -' psndence, but granting that even, women need the advantage of public expression through newspapers and organlziUona of their own, whereby they mutually educate and benefit each ether, to accomplish the necessary is no better" method of communication between people engaged In any public enterprise than that cf a newspaper, and until women talk to each other freely in this way and their views and feelings, no great, tangl- ble change will take place in the advancement of J ; . ensl-tlvejttbrlnki- self-reliance- ng ,,; self-support-.. ns well-meanin- g good-Ther- e ' ex-pre- ss was aaembkd r witn another fuu noue, tne caildren showing ot j EDITORIAL NOTES. to all plr dyiim"dayrilc1b:"was ties r conhec ted --there wi th. 8 s ter TiiT"il. B?; : Smith spoke at each cf thee 9' meetings, and al though at her time of life many ladies would only sit In a corner and knit, she wa3 buoyant in spirit, her vole? rlear and strong, and her .auom anu uauerfciaaumg. leacnjngH nca in Sister1 Smith is indeed a wonderful woman. Few indeed at her age C5ul l travel from place to rhNi ind ariilr tarn unci hrp. and (O , hv four times In ono diy ai she does. I f THE UNITY CLUB. The Diseret Hospital gladly acknowledge another liberal contribution from the Unity Club of $200, the proceeds of the entertainment given in the Salt Lake Theatre, Monday even ing, April 5th, after all the expenses were The Unity Club have certainly given -positive proof of their financial ability, a3 well ai talent and tact in pleasing tne public and set-tie- "One Day In Utah" is the title of a little book written by a French nobleman who recently --visited AmertraTVlamaTeI' Haussonville. It has been translated into English by Leo Haef-felof the Ogden Herald. It is a very neat little pamphlet, and is a good work to send abroad. The author has given In his own way what he saw and heard, and his impressions In regard to Utah and the "Mormons.''-Thspirit ot the giving full value for money received. It is nsual in entertainments or fairs for the benefit l, e book 13 fair and genuine, which Is always in vor of the truth. VVVe congratulate Mr. on hlsjtoOha-Wi4E- ' "been welldon e . fa- Haef-- office "Bible Ques- tions and Answers, by E. II. S. Smith," also Primary Speakers, Numbers 1 and 2j each 25cts. per copy. The uCorre3pondence-cf-PaIesti- ne Tourists' and Poema of E. It. Snow volume 1 and 2. These books are so cheap that every Bhould have them on the table. home We for the Primary Association, have, also, cards cfilcers should take pains to see the the and supplied with them The Alphabet In'RbymeTahd jaeitlon cards, Numbers 1, 2 and 3 all cne-ceeach. The Wordcf Wisdom, ten cents apiece. Asesatii A. Adam3 and Emma Green have opened a Ladies Art Bazar on Kimball Block, where they will be pleased to see customers They will keep a great variety of ladles fancy goods. They have the moat improved methods of stamping, including the indelible, which can be used on the finest goods. They keep a full stock of crewel, foreign and domestic, and German wool far fancy embroidery, all the late "novelties in designs for needle work, all the new and cei the tic colors in plushes and fancy goods. The most elegant and magnificent flowers for decorating lilies, poppies reses etc., call and examine their new goods; the ladles will be sure to find something to please them In this handsome line cf fancy work and light goods. The ladles have added to their establishment kid gjove cleaning, which is quite an item In this line. If you want to see beautiful, fancy and ornamental work, call at the Ladles Art Bazar, on Kimball Block. ,r On Friday morning, September 27th, Sisters Eliza R. S. Smith and Elizabeth Howard left this city to attend the Conference of the Ladies Association at Morgan. On Saturday the Conference of the --Relief Society Morgan Stake As-Eoclati- -- mission, and at" fairs" to" asklabtjloo pricesfor : articles on sale. This hai not been the case with the Unify x .l 1! f t VyiQDi iae puoiic in every msiance nave wen T A . . M certainly We have on sale at this d; assist the ladles In theaejmatters. An association which has only been six months organized to be able to donate 5700 made by their own fivcrflnni fa unmotfil n a oTnonf 1rml mc- The Y. L , Y. M. M. I. and Primary Ass ocia- - talent and gave a concert recently, and made a donation of Dart of the proceeds" f$15.0()) to the They were atly assisted in Deseret Hospital. liam Jones of that place, a man noted for his musical ability. nt ANNUAL REUNION. . The yearly meeting of the Y. L. Association of the First Ward, was held on April 2.5th, 1SS3, A number of the leading Bisters were present, tsisiers iii. it. tt. fcjmiti, M. 1. Home, M. Y . A dinner was prepared for them by the rfl ofll- - Aotv!aflnn a.t. Prost. Bishop Joseph Warburton mimhan nf anr) Sarah Graham's. belnc nresenf; It wrv nWant timf. all seemed to enfoy themselves. After dinner all went to the meeting house.- - where many more were waiting. President Sarah Graham presided over the meeting. Some excellent Instructions were given to the young arid eld, wbich will never be forgotten. Counselor A. Stp-- '. made a few good remarks, the Bishop cloatd with some good counsel to all ah excellent Lottie E. Abqcst, spirit prevailed.. Secretary. u-f- t . ' . FORGIVENESS. There is no virtue in the human heart which so adorns the lips andjjharastcrf an mdivrduai as forgiveness. For proof of thi, look at the example of the Savior, who, while suffering on " 