. v. v VTO TOT N S - Fablisisod fci acai-Bcaial- Teres: Om copy SIt LaIs Utj, year, $L X; ca copy 1t month 51.00 Ten copies for the price of nlae. Advertising rtea; fcjSAre, tea Uaea of coparel! tpce, one L50: tide, pertaontli, $3- - OCL A, llbsr! discount; to In the PutJlBher Woxix'a fcxposx.vr, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE TO MAY 1, 18S3. LOVE OF NATURE. The editorial columns of a piper are looked up- on as being characteristic of the force and power of the editor to give the public, some id eat of the topics of the day in general terms, and present them in a brief comprehensive and readable style. Occasionally one may be inclined to Indulge in a strain not so prolific of news as of and give expression to some special tastein the field of literature. However, people are always more or less disappointed in the news papers of the day, as they seldom can give just the sort of thing each reader wants, and indeed een-time- ' - - : ' -- ,- -'- -' There are bo many charming sights and sounds, that one might be always occupied in their enjoyment. The greaUst writers of poetical sentiment have rejoiced In the beauties of Spring time. It inspires and cherishes a nearness to nature's heart. The commonest ;flower of the. field cr meadow, and even the dandelion posses-se- s a charm vecause of its early bloom; then what shall we sy of those so surpassingly lovely as to be famed far and wide for bean ty and fragrance? Flowers are a part of literature, so closely are they associated in the mind with poetry and history. The lily, the rose, the shamrock, the blue bells and heather and other varieties are so interwoven in poetry, music and history, as to make them of special interest, and give them a prestige almost human, yet so gentle in effect, touching the finest perceptions of the soul, that they awaken only the most deli-- .' cate sensibilities. It has been remarked by standard authors, that to love nature deeply and truly, one must be born and railed In the country. Be this as it may, the lanes, the orchards, the groves, the broad fields and byway?, outside the turmoil and bustle of city precincts are the places where one comes in actual contact with surroundings that arouse the most agreeable sensations, and the heart leaps out of its narrow depths into the glowing regions of light and love. The birds form a pleasing part cf the eniov- ment of Spring, the chattering and twittering, the nesting, the musical notes echoing and reechoing, is a most charming element in the faculty of happiness, and they convey ; to the imaginative much more than the mere eoand . j " at least during the cf earthlife. One drinks in mofereal beauty and feels more keenly the intensity of -- sympathy between himself and nature outside of humanity, than in any Other commingling or association. It is, considered a pastime, but It is a real one, that gives tone to the labor afterwards to he performed. The voices of nature that are only perceptible In a true sense to the poetical soul, the hum of Insects, the murmur of water, the sighing of the long grass and reeds, the low subdued whistling of the breeze, or the song of the trees, the flutter of the silken leaves, and above these the singing and melodious notes of the birds, the lowing of cattle, the bleating of lambs' animal and vegetable life all astir, and as it were, put- ting forth fresh vigor, speak most forcibly to the soul of man. There is no boundary to the Imagination in elaborating upon theie sui jectspand when one has made his grandest effort the field is Just; as broad, and the landscape just as prolific with ' food for the poet's soul a3 though the songs had "never been written or set to music. There is no need to mourn for the faculty of expressing that which Is beautiful, grand and glorious at once, for there is an eternity stretching out ever far away where the mind will be able to grasp greater truths and give them golden touches, and where the yearning for expression and delineation of that which one' ahnot . convey or palnllbg, will surely find its realization arid fulfilment." Come away into the fields among the hills when the daisies and lilies bloom in their freshness, while the early morning dew is glistening in the petals cf the lily bells. The Illy of the valley we find in its rae beauty as we t(go a Maying," and what is there sweeter or purer, or that can call up dearer .recollections? The poetry that has been handed down as history, says "the poet, lay on the earth all through theeunny days dreaming and doting in the flowers," and the hero "knight sheathed in complete steel crushed them under the hoofa of his war horse." What a contrast, and what a lepBon may be drawn from it. Bat we were out for a ramble, what thoughts, what memories are arouced, and how soothing are the voices we hear all around. The perfume of the apple blossoms Is heavy in the air, dainty pink flowers, so fragile they fall apart if you breathe upon them; how the Eoft winds scatter them over the clover and in at the open windows'. The groves are ringing with melody, the merry songs of gladsome birds, and the young saplings bend with the weight of the feathered songsters as they sway up and down with their loud, prolonged notes. The rapture of the open air brings a happiness ihat attracts to the Infinite, the source, the motor power that produces the germ of all these 7 forces of creation, and we are led to exclaim, 'Great and wonderful are thy ways; OLord, and past finding out.? And so we may revel in the charms of npture and grow familiar with flowers, aDd trees, and birds, and sunshine, and moonlight, and still there is the same tin uttera-ble- , intense longing to approach a higher degree -cf attainment in all that is beautiful and txalt-ing- , which nothing but the immortal can ever fr lu Rhyme," on card ehlklreu,' one cent "each, also a song rhie Word of Wlidom'-- t ub. liahed on cards two cents rachi'i TheWcardaare to help the Primary, and are aoreaionable all the. AwocUtloni can affjrd, to purchase a up--py . lOrder from the country will bo prcrnptlj Mtsded to. . tht . the Primary Aprll-19t- b, As-aociati- on of the Twelf th s AVard held its annual meeting, Mrs. Ellen Clawibn presiding. Bisters Eliza R. S. Rmltb, E. B. Wells and other ladies were present, also Bishop TT. B. Clawson. The minutes read by th Secretary, Miss Hardy, were a very great credit bbth- fn Wis manner of writing-nreadteg;. ' 1 The good.-JrSrbgrao5me was well fcelected. very " Dialogue, Alice' ana4 ' Lucy Haidy ; Sons:, " Ruby Clawson ; Recitation, Edna Wells ; Rscltatiobi Wlliie Evans; ' "Qdcstlona and Answers by the members; ."Recitation , Roy : - d Cun-ningha- BotigDexP Mayy iRnnie" Clawson; Bible Bryant Wells; Ques tfohs an d An wers, by. the Association; "Sjng, 'I'll be a little Mormon Primer Qaes-tlon- s and Answers; Song by the children "Word cf Wisdom." Remarks were made by Sisters Eliza R. 8. Smith, E. Il.and L. A.Wells, F. Y. Thatcher and Bishop Clawson. The meeting was exceedingly interesting, and well conducted. It Is to be hoped that the sister will bear In mind the proposition that has been made them by Dr. Barney in regard to students and the opportunities before them 'for the study of medito Jielp cine, and use all necessary diligence ' complete the number "called for.. By corresponding with the Dr. Bhe may be able to ar- i itiiv iiinLLViin m in lib a i 1 1 w ri ni iv i i m i i: 1 1 l iiii- - ficnltyrVerwouTd hke tbTsee Such an undertaking succeed, for trnly there Is aTack of efficient, skillful help In cases of sickness. And the ofler that la made, with the facilities to carry it ; out, cannot be 'equalled,' an if with thejgreat amount of faferest that Is taien' In edncatioxii that this one brarch1 BnoIdnot lDe neglected ' and have only mrnlor 'pia subject of phytlology, health and hygiene should precede fejsdt satisfy, thlromtVThe Alphabet for aaW Jn OH Wednesday, . ' Itia astonishingly rare to suit everybody, and .therefore an editor ought now and then to be ex- ef the; -- nt, cused, if he writes upon a theme which pleases his own fancy, . The Spring is the season for the indulgence of poetic taste, so understood all the word over. The awakening of nature from its long wintry. Islumbef budj is in itself not only wonderful, but delightful to all admlrirs of creative or perpetuating power. e Waliafe rril !TrerrAVe6t''lm oi':';Coancll' - Hoase, South iTeinpIe Streeti' Busiirees hoars from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. erery day except Sunday. Addrees all tmsineas communication to : the-iun- T w- xejalar adrerti&rs. -'- fieliOteQ whistles-t- o HOME 'AFFAIRS.' VTi.- Ill U I U bird?rand imitates their -- no tes. awakened JnajrjtpjbJe jhZi,.rstM AWOt? Eta - NME One writer telhi as they are ilru pie TuliableKv'th-w- J gentfy effac caring'j ih?sd anmwfutimrk?a which many other fiiuou'fj ef wild ihlpgi mate upirr u; ucli a the fcrtchlugcf owli and the creating of ravels, the wild try of plovers, and similar birds. Certainty bird songs JlgbUnJibor; Jbe plowman- - cwoe 5i:Srposeat. Office; K X I O ' i all other branches,iri crdt ' to" prepare tha mind and thilJddy formom other directions.-Bursty iBor. 555, Miopu Salt Lake City, an4 get a complete understanding if you are in doubt on any point In question . in regard to the preposition. s . ' , A new edition of the ''Cferrespondence.ol the Palestine Tourfsts'" h'lateipr been issued, con- taining the steel engravings of Free. George A. Smith and Apbs tie Irenzo SnoWf These are 1 excellent likenesses of the men they represent. -The book Is a series in 1872 and 1873, by George A; Irenzo Bnow, IJUia R. Snow, most of Paul A. Shettler and them while traveling Ja ; Europe, Asia and Africa, and afterwards compiled by E. B. Snow, very carefully, for the, benefit of the reader. They are true and Interesting dJsciiptions of places and events' worthy , of mote, during the Journey. This book ought to be in all our yung peoples libraries, end la certainly an attracti vj and useful compilation. Bister Eliza, determined to place the book; itheliands of tbd people, has reduced the prices very materially, and now offers the book, for sale' at two dollars for bindincvone 'dollar and a leather and-ei- lt for plain leather j and one dollar and a quarter bound in cloth. It ia a, volume of nearly, four hundred pages; and includes seventy-fiv- e letters; Is in recommendi It plain, clear, type, which to be. lttopeople myiBajr charmed wlthT th fetters csmtainlug tnch a -- . 