HONOR TOTAUEKTa. A TRIBUTE. Honor thy father nd thy mother ihtt thy days rnty be J oof. In the 1 and which the Lord tky Qod gi veth thee." " If thou with angry words woald strike, Or striking woand another: O nerer let each renonaed dart .Descend upon thy moliSlr. Remember all the days gone by, When thoa wet in" her keeping, When gazing on her lore-li- t eye, v Or on her bosom sleeping. , 14 HASJUU " : In lore she ever bort her part, - And softly guarded o'er thee. r warm heart fondly beating, Upon your gentlest accents hang, Its tcndernees.repeating. i But now to stalwart manhood grown, Such scenes no more reverting, Beware of words like arrows flown, For who can tell their hurting. When feeble steps yet bear her on, Toward life's other border Still let the love she bears her son, Somo balm In life" afford her. Let not thy tongue speak idle words, Or thoughts to grlcvo or pain her; cheer hef heart if lone or sad, While you may yet retain her. - v "A- - jAnd then In all the coming years That hold, thy manhood's glory, You'll see no more her smiles or tears; Or listen to her story. MiRT. CLIMBING UP. trying to climb up higher, . Trying to climb up the ladder; Only one step at a time, With Self climbing closer than ever; The ladder steeper to climb. 1 . 1 . l' ' the greatest success for your ' and your triumph over te A WOMAN'S LETTER. valuj enemies I remain respectfully yours, Mrs. Jons Lewis Joiinq - ' Jr.'.- Laurel, Franklin the bottom, And take only Truth for a guide; Bat then wien I make my best efforts, I often find Self by my side. Or lose my foothold and drop, I should be more jure of my climbing, Bat this I never can know; I must go on trying and striving, Be my progress ever so slow. I think I can see '"bending over, - The face of the Father above; He beckons, and whispers "Come hither, I'll save thee by infinite love." - How gracious, how precious His promise, I trust Him, He never will fail; . If I only have strength to continue, I think I will surely prevail. . So many are climbing rip with me, We'll lend each other a hand When we come to tho steepest places, And do the best that we can. We will lead the young and the tender, Put out & hand to the old, As we climb up the shining ladder," The ladder brighter than gold." Esther H. Baxxios, February 17th, 1333. . Indiana, March 28th, 188; Editor If I could see over the ladder, Or bow many steps to the top; If I knew that I never should Jalter, Co., Woman's Exponent: 2 ; Having read your paper sent me by an Elder, of your Church) who happened to be in this section of country preaching, whom my husband invited home with him to stay over night, from; a meeting held in this place in October last, viz., S. R. Marks, .. I admit my mind has been much f enlightened and I must say that I admire the tone of your paper, and confess that it has done mc much good. I have always heard so much evil of your pie, that I was like many others, rather preju-duce- d against your religion, but I am happy to say through the preaching of Elder Marks and reading of your paper, that prejudice is entirely" removed from my mind. 7 I was always taught to believe that our sex were very much abused, and kept in abject slavery among the "Mormons," but I am pleased to learn from Elder Marks, and by reading your paper, that it is the reverse; for I find that your people are now fighting with the arm of the law. and the word of truth, for the nVhts of women: while those who have been crying slavery, are the ones who are trying to enslave you. your faith; but I must confess it ig Scriptural, and it must triumph over the and I hope that all false systems of - I am not of 'to-da- y, ; 2 - The graduating class of the Chicago Woman's Medical College numbered eighteen ' this y1L., One hundred and seventy colleges in the United States tion. ul practically-believ- in ej cb-educ- a- . After grave deliberation Columbia College decides to adopt the next thing to opening her doors to women students an annex. Mrs. Lorreta Brownlow, of. East Paw Paw, Ills., has patented a simple and convenient machine for crushing and straining fruit for ' making jellies. ' Anna K. Hawley, of Delhi, Louisiana, has patented a button that can be readily attached to garments without sewing and readily re moved without injury. , TheZinvention of the cotton-gi- n,which revolutionized the industries of the world was due to a woman, though the patent was taken "' .:" out by a man. . The woman's department, of the coming in stitutc fair at Boston has organized with Mrs Julia Ward Howe, president, MrsrS.E. B. Chan-ninsecretary, and A bby W. May, treasurer ' , '' . g, store and . woman'.-- labor exchange has been organized for the benefit of , the working women of Washington City. They keep on hand all kinds of fancy goods all kinds of sewing and fancy and work is made to order at short notice; and help supplied for all kinds of labor, such as sewing, clerks, copying, and good domestic " help for housework. It is in charge of Mrp. M. A. Butler, 510 Eleventh street, N. W. " Washington, D. C. A ? - . c; sales-ladie- s, r SISTER POLLY STRINGAM. Sister Stringam is well known to, the Latter-da- y Saints as one of its oldest members anc( her many friends will be glad to know of her health and prosperity. Her birthday was cele brated at her home in Holden, Millard Co., on Tuesday, April 3rd, when she completed her 80th year. A number of her family connect tions, of whom there were four of her children, twenty-on- e grand children and eight great grand children, called to see her.. Besides these a large number of personal friends were in the company. The venerable lady was the acrecipient of many loving congratulations, companied by tokens of affection in the shape of presents. In the morning she ; had been lovfeeling somewhat feeble, but the troupe of ing ones with their pleasant greetings quite revived her aged heart and made her feel much stronger. Sister Stringam was associated with the Church in the days of Kirtland, and has remained steadfast and true. ; . ; J JnOTES AND NEWS bric-a-bra- I tried to leave Self at - - .. . . 1 :""r - hy Truth. - ' Miss Susan B. Anthony reached England safely on March 3rd. Her address is "American Exchange, 449 Strand, London, England ." the-beautif- The ladder of truth and light Is pointing to God and heaven, " And reaching beyond my sight. : Hsper, of libertv, al . Wirhin - BEAUTIFUL REFLECTION. loveli-nessTW- aayrfettttmTrarmmon7 , 1 in common with curs. : - Silas Seller. " " t ' cast up by the ocean of eternity, to float a few moments on its waves, and then sink into nothingness!" Else why is it that the high and glorious aspirations, which leap like angels from the temple of our heart, are forever wandering about unsatisfied? Why is it that the rainbow and the cloud come over us with a beauty that is not of earth, and then pass off and leave us to muse upon their faded 'their festi-visjtjhatiha stars-ho- ld around the midnight throne," and set above the grasp of our limited faculties, forever mocking us with their unapproachable glory?. And finally, why. is it that the bright forms of human beauty are presented to our iew, and - then taken from -- us lea vingthe thousand streams of our affections to How back in Alpine torrents upon our hearts? We are born for a higher destiny than that of earth- .- There is a realm where the rainbow .never fades, where the stars will spread out before us like islands that slumber on the ocean, and where beings, which here pass before us like shadows, will stay in our presence forever. Jut ' m inis,cr i It cannot be that earth is man's only abiding place. It cannot be that our life is a bubble, -- I am ; llghteaed many a heavy load of woe. Her themes are not tba deeds of mighty men The herexs of thecrimeon battle-field- s She eicgsof those whose lowly lists have been Crowned with the glory that all goodness yields She sings of those' whom poverty and care, ' And all the changing evils of their lot, , nave sought in vain their weary feet to tear V From that sweet rest they have so dearly bought. She sings of those whose gentle Ii vcTaregiven ,To deeds of toercy and to words of peace; .. 0, may she sing, when life's frail Lands are riven, With those whoso songs of joy shall never cease. She gave thee of her II fb and heart, : And Messed the day that bore thee; For soon her weary steps will pass Beyond life's busy portal, And earth will hoJ,d one spirit less, And he&Tenhold one immortal. Ejys. "Tr&iLh ' clung,-He- the liberty cf your peoaud dkzklx; for Kberty tbzme tj is" guaranteed t6 all bv our slorioni Ccnrtlta- vHo-fghtiagaH- ple ?ifl VM Onee note, dear incse, I'prsy IhWrcoae to' ta Ani tune thy lyre, and let iiy.mtule ow, ' : When helpless to her hand you t. those 