WOMAN'S EX PON E NT. have felt to exclaim, "It has been good for me to be atHictcd;" then is the time we more es-- " from" the cares of life, and: pevially, are-fr'although. perhaju are suirering great pain and weakue.ss, our' minds are strong, our the work of Godour Fatherhey-shalHTaTe- r we lioldweetcomniunion; Ispjrits buoyant,;a-n'witlrT)1if-FathefI!lpirit" whimpers "ebmfbrt rcrrx!c-MivT iUk'EfOTr' this to he a firt and peace, and fills our hearts with joy unuttercuu me xier lamuy, Miuug arouiiu vculimoie able, and full of glory, so that we have cause - seeking intelligence; one of them reading the for gratitude,'and praise God that, we have ;been afflicted; we realize thatomeof the drpss 1" A II f nna Vt 4 rn A fn 1 ' . TTil ATCQ frt nil has been consumed and we are enabled, to go ' on our way rejoicing. But .some persons, will jvish Mrs, Scott could read Mr. Charles W. .Penrose's remarks upon this subject.-- thought IsayLahi so tried, 1 cannot, and will sometimes ttf hert?Sf. f'VPninrr whilp lisfmmo ii ifm rp. go so far as to say they will not bear it. Stop, H I mrtTtCSJ TiT KfAT- I HIP Sunarm. w M KA fl V It j my dear sisters, before you .utter these words, J'l ten dent ot all the schools in this, county, lie and reflect for one moment where these thoughts was speaking of the importance of informing come from, and from what source they spring.. We are told thcheart is deceitful, and des earth, because the Creator of heaven an A earth perately wicked, and. so long as we feel in that was the Father of all our spirits. He thought state of mind, we dare venture to say there , is a son was not dutiful if he neglected to make something of that kind burningjwithin. What- himself acuaintedffith ,the' works of his is it you cannot bear? lay be it is the very lather. 1 et said, our education would not prothe Lord intends to purify and .bless you "tiling " cure salvation, but our characters would. He the principle of plural with, perhaps it may-brelated a conversation with the brother of a", marriage, which, when practised in purity and who man had been on who a said mission, young righteousness, will ennoble woman in thi3 life, his brother when in England, wrote very enand eventually exalt her in the Celestial King thusiastic letters, full of light and intelligence, dom of, our Father and God. hut since he returned home, became darkened Shall we, as women of Zion, we who have in his mind and "now has no religion in him." embraced the everlasting Gospel, and have To illustrate this, Prof. Lewis likened it to a tested of the good things of the inl man who went up stream to visit a person who some the shall of perhaps enjoyed gifts therein, iwe lift our puny arm against the Almighty, Said the man rowed the boat, until lie came or any of the principles which have been houseTwEenTEe the near became ! tired and just nay verily ! Let us not be guilty of threw down his oars, saying, "I am. so near I suck an actbut let us &tfcteffiic$id'khYr will rest, I shall soon be there." But the Husbands worthy than one wife, and if him back even beyond the. starting we will do so, our Father in heaven will be well He then showed that: was rr. point.' application pleased with us, and we will have more joy necessary to success, lie also compared it to than our hearts had ever conceived of. the study of music. What great attainments " Again, some who have come to Zion have V t 1 r rn ir 10 71mac stuuy,' aiu iiinuei uym'-appncauon left good homes and every worldly comfort. lo prepare for a concert, how often it is necessary What induced them to do so? was it for the to practice in order to. become proficient. - G ospel's sake, or had they any other motive in Argueing that those who had received the gift view? If the former, they will be satisfied of the good Spirit, had obtained it by seeking when they arrive here. They may be tried in anu. umgenuy applying ineir wnoie soul to the many,, various ways,, but they are blest, and their way. is opened. On, the." contrary,' if we When we do this, great are the: results. Yes, come with other motives than to serve God, the Scripture says, they who keep those laws keep his commandments, and help build up as he the Savior kept them, shal 1 be, heirs and z Zion, we shall get discouraged and dissatisfiea, ioint heirs' with Jesus hrist. "Not. onlv sn and say things are not what they were reprebut possess a joy and peace the world can sented to be, then commence to be dissatisfied neither give or take from them. Those who with everything, arid everybody, and especially adhere to the principles he taught,have the light with those who preside over the Church, which, which St. John speaks of as being the true by the bye, is the first step to apostacy; then which man who cometh light, lighteth every our minds become dark; and eventually such2 into the world. With this light, how clear, how persons will leave the Church. Such are they plainly we can see and comprehend all that we who cannot stand the trials, and are necestouch and handle. We will not fail to be sue-- . sarily not of thoselvhom the Lord will nave; cessful, for we are constantly iih5rT5vTng. The and inasmuch as they are not willing to be sub11 o VAra a Kflvinr snul if wnnlrl f t Heel. "u ui ui ject to his laws, will have to be subject to bim springing up into everlasting life.- - This is our jYhonL they list to obey, who will verily prove T exnr.rip.nrw. to be a hard master and give poor pay. Then her experience will be sincerity of her heart, in consideration of these things, let us endeavor TU - O l r 'it nt ana was me musauitv cavior caiieu laitniui each day, to "prove all things, and hold fast true. If we attain to' perfection, we must be that which is good," and patiently .endure all like Him. M. E. Kimball. the Lord sees fit we should pass through. Let ' us pray for strength to enable us to do God's righteous will,, and all his laws obey; Seek OUR TRIALS.: him with alLour might, we then will know, and prove what is true. We must pur trials all The Lord SaVS He- will have, a trieA- normlo "Wv, and if it is his desire, and he permits us to be pass through to gain celestial glory, and we will then realize 'twas good we had "Our tried , it proves it is" for ou r good. We are to " Trials." be tried to see if we arc able to stand the temptations of the evil one; ourSaviorjwasJ.emp- E. R, C. : r . Leiii,18S3. ted, but he said, "get thee behind me Satan," and if we are in the line of. our duty, we. also PRIMARY FAIR. will have power given us to rebuke the evil one in the name of Jesus, that name" which, A. Primary Fair was held in Snowflake, Dec. , when uttered, will cause, as the poet exclaims, 20th, 1882,under the auspices of the President, "the devils to fear and flee away." But as we Sister Emma S, Smith and Counselors, and must be tried in order to be God's children, we the President of the Relief Society, Sister M. must pass through perhaps bodily affliction, J. West. and how many of us under such circumstances The fair was opened at 10 a. m. by cause they 'gavelhe certificate to the person whojiad the- largest number of votes. Was not this honorable ? . Should weThot praise the bridge which carries us safe over?. They would have done more had they known that this' was -- - and prayer. attendance of the people from Rnnivflu and Taylor. The children . showed con. bhlerable energy, and skill in preparing articles tor thc occasion. One little boy . ee 'our-bmH- -- cs . rake, a little boy, nine, made a harrow, a little girl, four, made a quilt block, a little girJ, five a sweetcake, a little boy, seven, an ox yoke, a little gjrl, nine, a basket "covered with beads, a little - boy. eleven,i made and n.iinto.l - . 4 n . ftrnifvl rnrlrinrr nice Tvi?r. . , . . 1 i t ll t.utile '.0pin. live.- f cnvomA urusn iiiai ne useu cross wit h shells, and made a wreath of flowers . . a nine uoy, eieven, maae a spring wagon with Cover and spring seat, a girl, eleven; braided straw for a hat,. a crirl. fourteen ...cut and mn.lo her father a coat; nine pairs of stockings vcre made by girls from eight to twelve years old. ns -- - -- J 1 (1 r 1 1 111- - . r 1 . 1 . 11 . , , 1 1 1 ' - , . . . 1 X Ellen J. Larson, Secretarv.' THE GRANDEUR OF WOMAN.: re-vea- leS . - ' I re 1 z . -- of-mo- 1 . e ok . v both sides of a quilt, set it togethej;,cardedjko quilted mosrofit "They had bread rand a variety of cakes and pies; ornaments .of cardboard, wool flowers, cushions, crochet work and embroidery, besides many other articles that were very creditable. The boys also had many, articles very creditable. The afternoon was spent in recitations from cards of our faith, speaking pieces and singing sonirs. Closed bv , coranlimentarv finwlipa x iz ti j from President JesspN. Smith and Bishop - cur-rentto- ' 1 wool,-an- d . . -- 11 : - . 1 w 1 w v. . ' I XT 13 There was -- a ; When you want to get the grandest idea of a queen, you do not think of Catherine of " Russia, or of Anne of England, or of Marie want to Theresajtf Gerraanybutjyhen-yo- u idea a of get your grandest queen, you think of the plain woman ,who sat opposite your father at the table, or walked withlhim arm-inardown life's pathway; sometimes to the thanksgiving banquet, sometimes to the grave, but always together, soothing your petty griefs, : correcting' your childish waywardness, joining in your infantile sports, listening to your evening prayers, toiling for you at needle or at the spinning wheel, and on cold nights, wrapping you up snugand warm. And then, at last, on that day when she. lay in the back room dying, and you saw her take those thin hands, with which she had toiled for you so long, and put: them together in a dying prayer that commended you to the God whom she had taught you to trust oh she was the queen ! The chariots of God went down to fetch her; and as she went in, all heaven rose up. You cannot think of her now without a rush of tenderness that stirs the deep foundation of your soul, and you feel S3 much a child again as when you cried on her lap;-an- d if you could bring hrnBacFagain to speak just once more your name as tenderly as she used to speak it," you would be willing to throw yourself on the ground and kiss the sod" that covers her, crying: "Mother! mother!" Ah, she was the queen ! To make one jsuch woman as I have described, how many thousands would you want of those "people who go in the round of fashion and" dissipation, distressing their body until in their monstrosities they seem to outdo the dromedary and hippopotamus; going as far toward disgraceful apparel a3 they dare 0, so as not to be arrested by the police, their, behavior-- a- - sorrow to the good and a caricature to the vicious, and an insult to that God .who made them women and; not gorgons; and tramping on down through a fri volous, r d issipated life : to temporal . and eternal damnation. i'Vanifc. Leslie's Sunday -- m . -- "One soweth and another reapeth," 13 a verity that applies ' to evil aa well as good. . George Elid, ; 