W 0M AN 132 'S EX PO NE NT. com polled to. It is any longer than they-a- re tbeir Inalienable right to cast it cfT as soon as they gain the needful strength. : Bat the citizens of Utah have never contemplated rebellion against the authority of the United State, however arbitrarily the jipwer of that Government may have been exercised. They revere the Constitution they owe and ac knowledge allegiance to the Federal Union, ,and. "have always been anxious ta occupy that position connected therewith to which a free people are entitled. They have therefore repeated, ly sought admission into the Union asa Stater THE ITOMTS EXPONENT. l,9oG manufacturing establishments,, employing 3,221 persons, with invented capital to the amount of $2,839,403, producing goods to the value of $4,21 7, IS 1. . These have In. , E HUE LITE B. Editor. ,WIlMr alt Published Lkke'.Clty, Utah Terms;' One copy one year, pi. 00. one copy six months $1.00 copies for ;t2e price of nine. Advertising rates: Each eqnAsv-ten- . line epaoe, dlie i time, $150: per (month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to reanalar adrertisers. ' Room of the Council Exponent Office, Lower-We- st House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. very day except Sunday. Address all business communications to T Pnbllsher Womjlk's ELrpoxmyr, - Salt Lake City Utah. semi-monthl- In-S- y; - . ' - , FEBRUARY The DenTAtuffrm nf rndpnnr?fnp- enunciates some of the fundamental principles vi pupmar guveruinem, epeciues jiueriy as one of the inalienable rights of man This undoubt- - J ' "J political liberty. Governments are Instituted to secure this as well as other right?, and the just . ppwers of governments are derived from the consent of the governed. Under the system of "territorial governments which does not appear . L 1 i .1 J : uuuiemniaieu-j- 1L me ' . ? 1 1 representation being denied them, their one Delegate having no vote in the National Legislature. And their own local enactments are nutrient tr arlritrarv Bnnnlmnnf. hr rnr.oai I ' .. miles, its water area 2,780 miles. It miles north and south and 300 miles east and west, and over 10,000,000 acres of -the public domain therein have been surveyed. Wherever a stream of water flows down from the mountain heights, eettloracnts have teen farmed, which grow in numbers and wealth as larger areas are brc ugh t -- u nder - cultivation through the increase cf the wafer supply; the volume cf which enlarges remarkably, 8nj as various industries in addition to agriculture are There are at least 350,000 acres of . established. land under fence, and the grain crop 13 not less than., 3,000,000 ' bushels per annum. The foot- . hilla and benches afford ample grazing grounds for stdck, herds of cattle and bands cf horses fatten upon- them for home use and extensive .export, and fheep raising has assumed larce proportions', the present number being in the . neighborhood of three quarters of a million shearing annually about 2,700,000 pounds of wool. Factories are established for the manufacture of yarn, cloth, blankets, shawls, etc., in various parts of the Territory, arid over a mil! ' -- lion and a half pounds of wool is exported. A11 kinds of fruit grown in the States flourish in F.laa-aaaro of superior quality, dried J apricots, peaches, apples, plums and small fruit being among her ttost profitable exports.. Acdcrdlng to the census of 18S0, Utah had dage as to be placed under a uone man power" of the most irksome character.. The Governor or infiuenceThliifiicn wpr nf absolute veto, bv whfnh the le7lslnHc nrta nf thelrown elected repreehtativts can be ren dered void at will; and against such autocratic dominion there is no remedy. This Is despotism pure and simple. The citizens of Utah are thus not freemen but vassal?. The colonial bondage, ol against which the fathers rebelled was liberty bued with a republican rplrit wold endure it ' t . - . : . " enrich the State and benefit the nation. Among the undeveloped resources of the Territory are the iron deposits, which exist in many localities and are declared by noted perta to he unexcelled In in trinsic value by an y in the world. The ores are magnetite and hematite, and yield from 50 to C5 per cent, of iron and both In quality and quantity the deposits are remarkable. In close proximity are valuable and extensive deposits of coal, also of limestone, which will render the manufacture of iron easy and cheap, when larger capital imparts vitality to labor and a solid politlcal.basis fa laid to give stability to important enterprises. Coal fields of vast extent are being opened In other parts of w v la i' ii lii mini rr j Awv.r the world, sulphur enough to suflbcate it, coal enough to cremate It. There is lead, Iron, mica, antimony, and other minerals enough to supply the country for centuries, and the capabilities of this important section of the public domain are only j U9 1 con mencing to ba und erstood. , . wa-- a & m -- To ee Continued. . . - have-no-contr- 3 liL Since the opening oMiejjnjnesJJrhhas-pr- o duced T)versr)0:ono.oooTiTThn77nrf Nw mines are constantly being discovered and many of the oldones are both permanent and profitable. The stability which statehood would give to the Institutions of Utah would impart, confidence to investor, and capHaTwould flow, in by which the stlir hidden trea3ures of the hills could be unlocked and brought forth to : "0-- - I $10,312,902. " of 1870 gave Utah a population of 86,780. The Increase from 1870 to 18S0 was per cent., or annum. cent, At the same ralio 5,315.per per Utah by June 1SS2 will havea population This is con?iderably above the figure ever required heretofore as a condition to Statehood. . area The land of the Territory is 84;970 square S2o ined. Utah has additional ie&sciis for a change of tuaf invl ntfio frocprnrneTit to those whtatvhnve O " the yohe which Territorieslnthrowiiig-cf- I' down them and astPTtlm WiiiylrtHl nrnni. ' b.. o o nrwl wvji Besides the ing political liberty. ordinary disad- - ZJ - of-167,301. fines human rights and Doinls out the wav which they should be secured, it is the right cf the people when the government under which ui ey exist Goes not answer the purpose for which it wa3 designed, to institute a new government; and not bnJy to alter but abolish it when it becomes destructive cf those ends. The changorom a Territory to a State government therefore a rightful alteration, if in the forma-tio- n of the State the principles of tqual freedom and popular government are established and-mainta- nt; -:"T State. -The population vt this .Territory', according to the census of 1850, was 143,903, of whom 99,909 are native born. With the natural Increase and the influx by immigration, the present popula- tion may bo safely placsd at 100,000. The census It .L- r ; I ; annual report of Weils, Fargo & Co., is as fol- lows: Gold, '9,039 ounces; silver, 5,435,444 ounces; copper, 605,880 pounds; refined lead, Dounds: unrefined lead. 52.319.850 8,213.793 ' ' pounds. The "total value, of these products, computing the golJ and silver at mint valuation and the other metals at their seaboard value, is revenuejJUie material elements necessary support of a growing commonwealth; intellidue regard gence adequate to for republican principle?, by which liberty fchall be extended within the limits of wholesome law toalI clac.se, parties and creeds without dis-Unction. Utah possesses all the qualifications which may be reasonably demanded and which have ever been required of any other community seeking the rights and privileges of a free u iu jiuvo ieeu vonsuiuilon nf thn rlnltd Ktfttps.'ftn fnstrnmflnt frnrviftd in . .'; kaolin, clays of various kinds, etc. The bullion -- to-t- he i-- accordance with the spirit of. the Declaration of Independence, iwliticalliberty in its true sense is not secured and cannot be enjoyed. The peo-r. e ar jxoverneri witnnnrrneir ronspnt: Thv . I i Lit oij toe executive iihtb no voice tiu il ine eeiecnoix judicial or administrative ofllors sent to inanT age their aflairs, nor in the election of the national officers who appoint them. Laws are framed for their obedience, in the enactment of which they take no part, proper congressional 1 . self-governme- .-j etc. ceded by all rea?onab!e minds. The power to admit new. Spates into the Federal Union rests with the Ccngrf ss of United States. The only general constitutional rule to govern such admission is that a republican form of goyemment shallbe provided for and secured; to the new Stater But other things are usually required, the right to demand which is not disputed, such as a sufficient population to bear the, burdelTof a State government; an area of territory large enough for growth and expansion; property of sufficient value to yield a reasonable 1, 1853. rtn .uuu mine) Jiauili UH1J1, '.' .;:' The principal mineral products of Utah, are gold, silver, lead, copper, iron, coal, sulphur, ..-- ' REPOItT OF THE COMMITTEE ON STATISTICS, APPOINTED AT TIIE CONSTITTJ- - A 1 . Having failed heretofore," ttieyrejiowakjng another application. The propriety, and right. " 2 f a In esa of this cou rse - miis t cer t ain ly: be con- - UTAH'S CLAIMS TO STATEHOOD, A - -- . SALT LAKE CITY, materially creased during the psst two years, and It Jg sa'e to put the manufactures of Utah at S3.000.0(V per annum. This U exclusive cf RnViWm7r,;f reduction works. The principle manufactures are flour, mel, cheee,-sal- t, molasses, leather. boots and slioes, harness, eaddles, woolen goods hosiery, lumber, a ash, doors, mouldings, brick, hme, ciiarcoal, machinery, furnl ture, paper, ' soap,glue, candles, earthenware. . "hmnm canuy, cracxers, matr.hes. tl.-- - Thm OTA oavaral fniinpl.n ..1 " ONK WOMAN'S OPINION. Another attempt is being made in (he Congress of thy United States to disfranchise the women jof U tah. Tb e Woman '4 . Convention tly held In Washington, passed r evolutions denouncing theso attempts and have been before the House proclaiming against it as an evlj display of power. While these and thousands of other noble women throughout the land, and hundreds of liberal minded men are laboring in the interest of securing the franchise to jll women, . here are a few narrow-minde- d politicians trying -- to deprive a handful of women, away In the. far west, of that privilege which they had exercised already twelve years, and no one has ever beer; ahla to say, the least eyil rev , " 