Women of all Nations. Ti'tS Vol, 11. ; . " of viiat Bhall "one then answer the meEecegera and the That tho Lord hath founded 7Lion, the-'ation- oor of His . V Uiau C1UUU3 . the Elandcr'd and seorn'd, repl- ywbat . To th' messengers sent by th' Nation? most To straiten the Saints of tho Lord not wh- y- -To hamper the honest, they know and cry Except to quiet their hue 'Who deem us sore vexation. -jgainst the Lord to light, tWihejight,vast (?) assurance 0 To censuro Ilia last days- -: For founding a Kingdom in these For building It up by peculiar ways Drawing the nations Ireful gaze And testing the Saintendurance. . must trust In His judgment just, we needs Who 1b surely a Inena 10 wo iowj , . 1'atienco! Is needful as Faith and Love, IlowlongV" is echo'd in courts above; eThe Lord is waiting His'own to provTo Bee If we'll trust Him wholly. dreamy As thehungrthlrstyfcasting, . ... ar . wau-, And to weakness ana tTulhlthghthcy powerful scera, So ttofoe-- 5 fa Shall wake to confusion; for One, Supreme-- mrcdecHis own due time, will the pure Tho' henjinearwDeaKciK and thrones deca- ykingdoms will totter, like crumbling secas, so routu. And Zion's oppressors (a dread array) Shall dwindle to nothing, or pass away; or say-- God Wherefore, should Zion be sad, hath his own forgotten? of Hosts" Forth to the rescue! "The Lord the lion.:.; like From His covert will come, Fiercer by far, in His anger, grand! -and; will Woe to the powers, who His land-"T- hat of this chosen Ye shall know, Oh Chiefs! the Lord hath founded ion. far and wid- eAnd this is the answer, that Wc send "to the nations, greeting; must pure of heart" , Guide; of U Highest, her ; "Tho' even as gold, she may -- till be tried, . retreaUng. no For the true, there's m anm.e. , Emily Hilt. W ooi ; .,,0 A-t-i- . , ani-wntin- c;n andlojiOhaers PLEASANT REMINISCENCES. - ' illdhavaW but to nurse and t-J- T'i TfeH r -- Smith we martial and unuerauuuu, mieulme Mary BmitK U beyond our comprecrowd hensive senses, the time for upon our mental vision; must therefore, we declare there must take about it. Our mysterious applicant been shaken pardon us, if she feeUVe.have her'r.utoi?ra"ph- - fJ. wW- '"reduce.'. WI.r,kr ul ta'Xm of families obsorv-time- reUgi-- u : i51- jonl -: ' ful ttJ' , . . s - "" 'a P- i- be in it! Padt-me- -- Now lol-lo- . . Mr Warren's portrayal: nsistaKe.. makes "We wonder if nature ever .., , ' . n: :..! doe- - do aiuw j i ui auu luo nonor - so and so deserving.The the about to depict possesses m a high- degree tact ..and qualities of grace, ,wit, considerable dpplicant possesses veryof sound judg-men- t, ta"nt; under the. control a..d U aciated with n.nch knowt tele ; m and varied accomplishments. Liberal, in aot- - pt her case is exemplified, not onlyoffi charity, but in little quiet and in efforts of zealous iriendsh p, , best possible construe, he gerness to put the of other. in, tion on the words and deeds of hervi-vacit- y her cheerful moods the scintillations seen no- arc sometimes felt as well as more unpremeditated thing, however, can be if an occasional gut ha:, such an effect, and surserene of impatience ruffle the usually all events, more face of her mind, none are, at srales ot an- u rrr,m th sirrocco o ii auu iree xuuu and her ner and malice; her tastes are elegant, onrl prarcelv know , manners mjscmawi, what to wish amended in her character, except it is a slight 'tendency to procrastination. al pfk-naj-nes- character? thou- - ;j.relim maryto wuhM,t--c- y. ' , :y c.i at once pro- -' oifended by a too by faint praise; or. the same time, portraiture, one who is, at s, --- -- w thMi- with . the sweetest said, "almost if ASbFhe Sphere may truth : ' ' t shnnlfl w0 - be acting: mm. rj mir critical ueurw. runjustifiably, if" we either disparaged pos-- : shc.looked up at me and in the. word., oas - - ,.rc.fite.-:.;T!- , :. 1 Into sT,egsuch a char, icr had vm, P'a?' l boy; 1 unfortunately a picture of her gay, J05 . but truthfully drew childhood, bne museu l;; cee; 'JZ .recauiu ; f be; t -- ji-"- most-jneongra- that mo M4 ufth But to.(iay j. nfcWmhrustr uvi,0t. ormrrUwith a double : rbarrel nui iu. . and, re-uni- v k. Is it InUaUlv posed, "Can it be true? riAand indicates such a inestimable ble scat: I find myself, as it were, me E1t at writing table, Assent I proceed to pa. your -- into a tangible form ior the id the Exponent. .r.hpr VCar r 1882 has passed to the Etenl PW. C,SLuidi!?KI:--gone;it-brought'With-i- t and ances. and to h IS5 sPAf sa .the-bul- . 1 'e., deed is a duty but to Him who, has and about us, joyous; Christmas fox-for- And her largely developel Smith in a unink' and i.rtTA3" after tne-Tin n r 71.1,1 horse-flesh- ? er n- -- pleased, and mostof were ti, f, enclosi .. two . specimens for a whom he first alluded vas to Jg for we breathe our suspicions of her penchant v lhf'. nT'anticipation, -- reveakitselOPrriUC V- ; tn a ladv the salientj oil mat V1) jt cnurnctci nfo a-- savin a parenthesis, Jlr. fme . points : ot v.v.7--- 0 How snail we muuuun which eso e, bordering! upon temerity, shalLwe hint , what term plainly discover? In of combativencss which the strong dash ; Z Saw ; w 1 Varren e dehnca ntleman who advertised to ! an character by the handwriting -- J ... ; ouite a sensation by tin Soon each one was seated at W arte,.. ; their whole soul absorbed m Mr, torn . what they were going, to hear., 'iue. through aftenPinterre?Kum as- Pl m ' spent L al rzzrvoTav wnose. -- - . I intended the followingbefo New YearV greeting, but comprehensiyanj uau wu it CeiVeu ), . i s: rn - T. KINO. Hark the herald angels sing, King, Glory to the new-bor- Who came to redeem the beautiful creation of His Father! This thought gives a sacred limit, beyond which no one passes : it" v.'iliriv! I I lne no fiction, but an actual experience .be my subject, festivities of Christmas was to after three and and 'tis to me a pleasing one, -tdecades of time, the very influence of hose and about me; L esaround is times happy; nad ; pecially see one, when a happy party from 2 filled the" house from ba?emcnt to attic ciilCv. JSew 1 ear; ana ai wsi iu Chnstmas-t- o fixed on me there came a lull I saw eyes and a enouiringl v as the mental purveyor, Jmnrnmtn into mv mmu. anOL .i i ucucvi'jiiifiiixcj:Yt tnougui, Jir r:"rr:i ouFru wo oil write to- - at 1 exciaimeu, Uh. lt was Warren ihenricheirtfeuiht of the season! Recepd2 with dating of hands, and a host of compU-Aould toPSea? mamma and aunt, ents and sat we do without her, etc. ...All. How council the matter was talked over in Y nat bnun . shall we wnteY to -.ng as if you I said, write freely, or a write to me; either your, own thoughts 1 Salt Lake City, February, - n - A. - . . .. female might euphonious of, English delicate be expected to enlist some of the, Burn s Mary; but sensibility of Cowper's, or. exthe applicant, whose writing is beloreus, ol hibits more of --the heroicf characteristics an, of Maid orthc l M,-tncelebrated k he .. hiafArxr , in alirother Mary we ever ietu noetrv, or romance; wo ica., .uvw to; mistake somewhere. Our judgment:.refuses S. ascribe, and our pen to In th Smith no Mary feminine qualitics is a name of all the Smiths at once (which thebelk-ringing-in'Tthe-da- - liY HANNAH tv ; andrinos signslherself : by 'ilprettiest; names 0 -- ' fehall , ViUUiU !.- them the least shadow of gloom. It is a seaand;, son of delights. Parents, grand-parent- s the and children, arcane in love ot the holiest in feel-- . brightest, there is scarcely a difference for that day ing and enjoyment,; all are young are awakened in thejnmng atany rate; they y on which, -by iopie thall tmsUi . for a writ of error inUhe present instance. We must own . ourselves.: fiurly posed. One ' un..u---- - 18. she does, we should feel inclined to move If they meet' in one unbroken? chain, probably never so to .meet again on earth; but the all present is before them, and they ignore TIIKRE'S NO 11ETREATING. So. ITJMtUAllY 15r 1883. k SALT LAKE CITY,, " "To wish her kindlier is no need, - More prndent, ot more eprightlr, freed Or moro Ingenuous, or more - - - - ' his" characters, of which Mr. Warren and 