Wig iHTtr M i I TrWc gplitcliit I In ev?ry gathered home to lirtJ, and in ' the.mounUtns. T "m pie f are totag' erected to the Most High, where the Saints can perform a woik for the Hiring and the dead, that Israel may bs redeemed and alltbings prepared for the time when the lamb and the lion tshall lie down to. ge the r, when Sajanl hal no longer have power to atOTerthlxsewho serve the living and true God, and peace shall reign hi the hearts of all men and over all the ear tjbr; he-ft-hesrted Edit. rUSELI.IE B. WElJft, PabUsied secai aoalhly, la 8aH Lale City, UU Tern; Om copy oa yer, $3. 0, oae copy ill month $1.00 Tea copies for the rrice of nln. Advertising - rtlfi Ech tqukrt, lines of nonpareil pce, cn SL : A liberal diacoustto month per. lllma, , refoUr t4trU3rs. Exponent Ti3ttV .1. House, South lwr:T"Imnuli 8tret. Batiness hours from ' ' Temple 10 is. to 5 p. m. vry dy except Sandiy. ""A&dress all business communications to j Salt Lata City Utah. CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION. The Constitutional Convention met pursuant 10th in the City Hall, Hon. Joseph F. Smith in the chair. . The roll was called and it was fcund there was a quorum present. The chaplain offered prayer. ' Minutes of last meeting read and approved. Hon. D. H. Wells, chairman of the committee on statistics and other essential matter, reported" that a document had been prepared, which he submitted for the approval of the convention. It was read by the secretary, received and adopted by the convention, and 1,00). copies ordered to be printed for distribution. . Hon. John T. Caine then presented a report of the delegates, accompanied by the memorial Which had been presented in both, houses of Congress, and published In the Congressional Record; these documents were ako read by the isecretaryTand a motion made andJcarried-t- o have them printed and published with the report of the committee on statistics. A vote of thanks was given to the Washington delegation, and they were highly compll- mented on the able paper prepared as a memo- rial or a petition to Congress. Hon. F. S. Richards, In behalf of tho delegation, made a very h ppy an d approprJa te response to the compliment tendered the delegates, - to adjournment at " p.m. April SALT LAKE CITY APRIL FIFTY-THIR- D 15, 1SS3. ANNUAL CONFERENCE. TiiE General Conference of the Cnurch, held in thi i city, commencing -- with preli mlnary "meetings on Thursday, April 5 th, and the regular Conference commencing April 6th, and con tinning over Sunday, was in our opinion the largest and grandest assembly of, the Latter-da- y Bainti that ever convene 1 at any time in the history of the Church. The weather, part of the time, was not warm enough to admit of opening the large Tabernacle, and the meetings were necessarily held in the Assembly Hall, and thousands of people could not gain admittance, tut most of the time the immense Tabernacle was open and well fl lied. Oa Sunday It was crowded to its utmost capacity, and many hun- dreds could not get In at all. There has been a general feeling of satisfaction wan tne people, anrappreclatlon orune great blessings enjoyed through the providences of God, and a desire manifested by the. Saints to persevere In the path of duty, to grow rich in faith and excel in good works, keeping the commandments of God and jenderlng obedience to his laws, and trusting in Him for deliverance from those who oppose his work upon the . ; earth. The brethren who addressed r the people seemed filled with the spirit of their calling In the priesthood and the power of God rested upon them,and the immense congregations heard-an- d felt the influence The preaching was by the Twelve Apos ties, and First Presidency of the Church, and certainly was impressive and powerful. On the last afternoon of the Conference 7 President Taylor spoke of buslnesi matters and gave his reasons why financial statements were not submitted to the Conference, which was satisfactory, and a vote was taken on the matter, that proved unanimous. President Taybr occupied the remainder of the afternoon, speaking with great power and grandeur. He referred . the people to the fact of their almost marvelous deliverance, and called on the congregation for an audible acknowledgement of the hand of God, in delivering his people from the hands of their enemies. When all that grand congregation responded to the "Amen"feelingly uttered by the President; the Impression was thrilling and touched every heart, for every Latter-daSaint could feel that this weak expression of gratitude was only a feeble recognition of the man:fes tatlonof the mighty power that can turn and overturn nations and kingdoms at his will. To those who have eyes to see and hearts to understand, It must be apparent that there is a. power with, this people that the world cannot understand or comprehend. Who would have thought, except a Litter-daSaint, that so little harm would have been effected, by the passage of the Edmunds bill? And yet the facts are before the people, Zlon continues to grow and in- y y The convention then aJJourued until October t)th, at 10 a.m. J--------- 1 1 - h lik&aru added a few wordi and some made imltlv tatraenti tn the 'subjects before the convention. MmuttH were called fcr,r rtad, and ordered to be printed. Jttca . and recounted a few of the difficulties under which they labored to bring the matter before Congress at its last session. In the report of the progress of the committee by the Hon. John T. Caine, the fact of the AUTISTIC ENTERTAINMENT. The Unity Club en tertalnmeglteS Th eatre Monday evening, April 9th, was. an ; unqualified succeas. The programme had been arranged with great care, and the members of the club and other performers were diligent in their preparations beforehand and they were well repaid for their labor in the appreciation of their efforts by the general public The ladiei of tba Unity Club are possessed of artistic, dramatic and musical talent, taste, tact and executive ability Which enables them to carry cut an entertain-mentwlt- h but very little outside htlpr-BiBh- op II. R. Clawsjn has been specially Interested in helping the club, partly from a genuine love and taste for the drama and stage, and also from the goodness of his heart and a desire to aid the sick and unfortunate. On the last occaiion cf the benefit of the Deseret Hospital he was materially aided by Henry MoE wan, Esq., who has in days gone by been much accustomed to the theatre and familiar with' all details of the mechanical work. The programme of the Unity Club was one which could scarcely fail to draw and certainly evinced taste of a high order. The music was the best that the city aflords, and the singing was from some of the sweetest songsters in these mountain vales, Miss Agnei Olsen, Miss Nellie Druce, Mrs. S. E. Langford, Mrs. Maggie Hull and Mrs. Edith Clawson Knowlton. The piano solo by Master Joseph Mclntyre deserves specialmention on his own - account and that of his teacher. Messrs. Careless, Carrlngton and Clive rendered their music in the mcst approved and pleasing style. The tableaux were all attractive and beautiful, foremost amcng them being four season?, represented by Lu tie Thatcher, Spring; Louie Weill, Summer; Dalla Cumming9, Autumn; and Clara Felt, Winter. Their costumes were exquisite. The costumes for representation of character In the tableaux were exquisitely arranged and everything denoted cultivation of a high order. Among the tableaux of a historical character were AmyRobsart, groups of Statuary,Boadicea, Evangeline and Joan of Arc, Cornelia, mother of the Gracchi, Children, Early at the Cross, Niobe and children, The Tomb Revisited, Othello and Desdemona, Faust's vision of Margue- death of Hon. Wm. II. Hooper, chairman of the delegation, was alluded to. This reminded the president of the vacancy and he made a suggestion to the convention, that they take . . the ..matter, into consideration. One or two members offered motions and others amendments to the motions; but It was finally decided 7 that as the committee on nominations previous Fly appointed In convention assembled, had not bsen discharged, this committee should he prepared with a nomination to fill the vacancy rerite, Execution of Lady Jane Grey. Besides ferred to at the next meeting of the conventhese were the Good old days of Yore, Love and .., ' 7 tion. Carried. Duty, Tableau from Patience. motion A made by Hon. Hosea Stout, that In the comic, Lord UUInV Daughter, The when the convention adjourn It be until the Old Woman who lived in a Shce, and Oft In the 9th of Oc lobar next at 10 o'clock in the mornStilly Night. These were so exceedingly funny ing, prevailed. &a to provoke the entire audience to laughter Hon. D. H. Wells made some very sensible and loud and continuous applause. The reading remarks upon the political situation of Utah, by Miss Julia Thomas was much better than at the constitutional rights of the people, her first appearance. Her selections were such of religious liberty guaranteed by the as showed (to more advantage, her culture in the constitution, and the attempts if some of the beautiful art of elocutlonT She has a clear and members of Congress to , pass unconstltutlocal expansive voice, and Is perfectly at ease on the and aggressive laws to oppress a free people platform. and bring them into bondage; he spoke of the Miss Ada D wyer one of our home artists, Is to annul the attempt woman' suffrage act;' a great favorite on the Salt Lake platform. to disfranchise every class'of citizens Her voice Is fresh and: aweet and her style la they possibly could In order to further the schemes of very pleasing and attractive. She Impresses her some men who desire to obtain audience powerfully." She recited Jamie so possession of the offices of the Territory. effectively that it seemed real. There is no Hon. John T. Caine made a few explanations doubt that she will attain to marked distinction of matters of public interest that had not been in the profession of elocution. understood in quite regard to men and measures, The Unity Club has certainly made a success and Tvhich Ujwas necessary should be made, In thi3 last entertainment, and the members clear In connection with what had been Jiave every, encouragement for future eflbrtslnTf" spoken, their-heritag- e 