W :.. :: r'l - -- -- p, - v. I rl -- , t 1 Shtsi o Of thrift and Godly fears; ' The floors arc covered with trials borne, elt 'I n ? ok i w:d to Sisteji 'Mat.; fair: In that fair world Ehc'Il meet our father, : Who has left and gone before; He has crosfcdlbo Stygian river, ' And safely reached the shining shore. - . "? & -- No. .10. I so unlovable. rejoice I was so Jnximtacfc-with-the-aintoutlm- , improre' ; " ". fortunate as to have come Ihave e . des- - .enbed it has warmed" me up, struck chords that have long lain 'mute for the want of a hand to strike them. Association of superior natures., or rather perhaps I should says manners is necessary to every one as a finish to ed ucation of whatever school. r- We are cultiyaj-ted by such an association more in a few hours than we could be ia days or weeks of fcholatt c friction. "One touch of "nature makes the .wh.ale-worlk in "and this we realize i n' d with onr fellow beings especially our. . . 1 i r il fcuuenors mis superiority needs to oe dennea ; in a few words) it does not consist in wealth br position i rises" from ihe cultivation of the heart and brain, and the association that, polishes and refines both these: organs and gives them tact and talent, to diffuse araiabilitv and happiness among any society into which the circumstances of life often throw people unexpectedly; a really. well educated person h' at home in all society where goodness and respectability prevail; and when brought in contact with opposing elements it is often seen that the "oil and wine" of love and kindness emerging from such a spirit, has: the power to still the turbulent element of ignorance, and awaken an under current of love and admirain tho bed rock " tion, that was flowing-silentl- y of a strange, hard nature, which" the voice of Jove and education had nevercultivated. My beautiful friend, adieu ! In spirit I kiss my hand to thee, and aspirate a blessing on thee and on thy earthly pilgrimage Thou : ; hast shed a stray ray or two of sunlight on my lonely but peaceful life; thy image is photographed vividly on my heart and brain. -Our spirits spoke to each other- in a language "peculiar to themselves, and Revealed things that our present language could never properly make known. May the angels of God attend thy steps, and peace and health be around thy dwelling. '.. Image of Beauty, Farewell ! II. T. Kino. j asso-ciati- 1 1 ng I 1 ta s IIcmrt;N' A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN. Yes ,' O, shining mjiona5mgo.awaj You seem to tell us, "'tis ajmjosJt'djt"..lL.-:- That, though your going may darken the skies, The sun, in his brightness, will soon arise. I have seen that wonderful being of God's creation, a beautiful woman! She fairly magnetized my eyes and one or two of my senses and all of my heart, that I gave her free as air, I could not help it; I have been . ! to-da- y . " Jooking brclcandcinnotrecollecHhatLever saw, to my mind, a woman so perfect. I dis- - t Glittering stars, you stay all night, r Shining on brightly till morning light Like bright rays of hope, high overhead, Though all things eartblj seem silent dead. The cricket, the owl, the moon and ttars Beguiling the silent midnight hour prx Tell of a Creator everywhere, And prove Ilis power and loviugjCare. -- Emily Scott. assertions and tuey generally are not true, but there are exceptions to all things, and this is one. I am so glad I have seen her ! she has left an influence that I will try to make beneficial she was surely formed as a model in more ways than 'one,. She has passed down another current, never more to blend with me personally on earth, but spirit- -' J uallv wo shall communicate; for there was a powerful affinity between us; I will try to draw an adumbrated portrait of her, but ieel I cannot do her justice. Grandly tall ! and proportion, which in itself is beauty, visibly stamped upon her from the crown of her noble head to the sole of her foot ! Np fat ! but flesh and muscle to balance her hight, her beautifur,7womanIy head finely set on a graceful neck, and shoulders worthy to -bear the same; her profusion of hair amounting ' to a marvel but so gracefully arranged as not to be cumbrous her voice musical, and the delivery o.f her words perfect ! Her dress-- why it was entirely a model for any fashionable modiat, and yet original ! rich in material, " but plain in make up no vulgar jewelry about her neck, but a simple ribbon bearing proba- bly a souvenir of chastesimple but recherche the ribbon tied as none but she could fix it ' her hat! I ought to take a "whole" paragraph to describe its elegance, but "I.pass" were I -- a painter I should be apt to, take the to id ensemble of this unique woman as my model for St. Cecelia, because with all this beauty and chaste adornment; there was a sweet, womanly simplicity, a suavity of manner, and a simple dignity of deportment that gavo the electric charm to all sho said qr did her earnest yet . gtntlfj words, her mannc?. so .simple yet' pol-isjiod. Jjaing th impress of a patrician, yet humhle aad entirely approachable, What;a uodel ! Hat! we such an ono al- iiKo sweeping " - LINES OF. LOVE. TO MA 83IOOT. . . - . In a dream I saw Eternity My eyes were opened wide, jana onrtne manv" beautiful th nca e I saw on ev'ry side. But one scene of all can I recall, 1: A scene so purely bright I fear I cannot portray to you The glories that met my sight. ' "' ' . AA mansion, with' white shioing pillars, Of lofty, marvelous grace; The walls were jeweled, and windowB wide Were draped with misty lace; The garden was brilliant with flowers Tho trees sung soft refrains' - To tho rippling trill of the waters, Sounding like falling rains. - . Lovely clol angels with happy eyes, Flitted from side to side. With cjuestions I sought these belnga brlgh To which, one softly replied "Thla home was fashioned for one on earth ' Whom j'ou both know and lover-- " Would you like to look at the treasure Which ebo has stored above? - . A . the tree, your Sounds like a sentinel's "cry on duty!" Telling the watcher she is not alone In her vigils sad, by tho dying one. "" LI ob-tus- e, -- 'Singing your night songs, gay and cheery, Do you know yon comfort the sad and sick With your "zr-r- , zr-r- , X' ; Set In with the gold of .woo and paia, Embossed with many prayers. Go! tell her we pray for our meeting here, But all must .bide the law! And when you scs her kiss her for us, On earth they call her Ma." Little crickets, so blithe and tnerry, : i I in our manners ana address to eacn otner which is often so chilling, so immobile, so "Tbiscrowrris her husband's" I ore and trust; : Its gerns, a woman's cares; THE WATCHER'S NIGHT THOUGHTS. "hoot-hoo-h-o-o-ty- '1 v it -- -- Cloverdalc Farm, Tooele Co., Oct. 2nd, ISSo. O, owl, In v' way3 before our eyes we surely should -- - clip-cl-click- " "Now see," she said, "the Iovlicst gift That woman .could receive A diadem of more priceless worth Than mortals could conceive. Glowing, glistening, and dazzling gems, A domed this lovely crown;"" White resting in waiting brilliancy, Cushioned wUhi softest down." - - Thcn ietu sVtiivolL3re axjuiih. honor,-'.-In "due time' or. r crown of 'grey; Also let us strive to join her . In that fairer world, dear May i I 5 , 1883. That thine like angel's tears; Those flowers were strewn by children's hands, ' The fruits, a mother's wees, ; . Planted Tiy irptyiMgci4Sov. The saddest tree that grows.' .: A world that is not full of sorrow And ever haunting care, Even In that 'blest In that world more fair. , 1 "These walls are festooned with jewels' rarey" Bister dear, wc know pur mother, W ith her crevrn of golden hair, Soou will leave, us for another World-mqr- F IS A SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER "OUR MOTHER" : J of tHe Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations, Vol. 12. A F r r vt i 0XA7 ...ti r-- 1 HOMESPUN TALK. vv- ' Yes, ma'am, I am Mormon ! Mormon to tho backbone. am no saint, and you won't need 'to consult more than two of my numerous household to find out the truth of this statement You want me to tell you what Mormonism means to me. .Well, it means that I have a right to wear plain clothes, or rich clothes, J 7 onesjthat I have shabby clothes or a right to put consecrated oil in or on my chi Id ren wlien they Larejfi ckihiieL-in- y neigh borsliavo a right to call in - quack doctors; it means that I have a right to patronize home ininstead of building" up dustries and see me go to jail like An- - , would who the men nie Gallifant and only rejoice thereat; I have the privilege of giving my Jiusband all the wives he chooses to take, and take comfort with them, too; that I have a right to teach ray children to respect the dear religion their fatherj suffered for and - sometimes died for its , sake; it means freedom, peace, faith, and lite ? full and complete, both here and hereafter; and : it means QoViu everytiiing! old-fashion- co-op- ed 3, . - 