W "O - .JpiH t Si tli 7 voice, our mother's voice. la every passing hour. Where'er our wandering footsteps stray, Whatever be our lot, That angel voice our hearts doth sway, " " forgot, Our mother's voice," our mother's voice. A VENERABLE WOMAN PRKSKNDIA LATIIROP KIMBALL. Continued. -- -' ; v It is impossible , , e to give anything like an ac- - of- the sufferingsan dtrials of "theeo pie during their stay in JVinter Quarters, and had it not been forthe faith and the determina 7K)ii n t ir ftei iTtrjbiited whea they hrttjj Winter QVi tr.?, raed, bar"elected tion to serverqd, and to persevere in well doing, thousands would have sunk under the heavy burdens and afflictions. But the grace . of God sustained them,.and they trusted Him Sister .Presendia herself had many - implicitly. spiritual manifestations, and especialy during the winter ef 1847, after the return of th pioneers from the Salt Lake Valley. Many things were shown to Sister Presendia, and al- "most as it were the heavens opened to view, for her comfort and consolation in the time of her great sorrow and sacrifice. These were sacred , things, given her for her own benefit, and to sho w her what the future would be if she maintained her integrity to the cause she had espoused.'' Sister Presendia has freqiientlv remarked. that she was never so thankful for anything in her life as for the manifestations she received in those trying times at Winter Quarters; for it hadkept her from yielding to temptations, to doubt and murmur,and had supported and given her courage in the. darkest hours of her lonely ' widowhood. When" sorrows of various kinds had pressed heavily, and her cup seemed to be running over with bitterness, she could recall to mind what had been shown her in vision, and the promises made to her if she proved faithful and true. ' . : they Lad food. On3 - of .the.-- mfu -- was Ed ward Martih7w 7 Jied, in thir city , about a year ago. The others Mr. John Tib-bet- s and Thomas Woolsey. Sister Presendia was. much affected by this circumstance, and always looked' upon'it as a miracle, their being p reserved to cross over such a wilderness in the dead, of winter, and find their way without guide or compass. r ' In May of th e same year, Brigham Young, Ueber G. Kimball, Willard Richards and other leading men of the Church, started enroue r for the valley, each of these brethren in charge of a large company ot Saints. SisterPresendia and her little son Oliver left Winter Quarter on the 6th of May. Iler son George had not followed her according to promise. Many women, had to drive their own team, yoke and un voke their cattle, milk their cows, if thev had any, and cook over the "cam p fires; the hard- snips mciaent to a journey oi this kind are calculated to bring out all" the weak points of character, aid to prove the integrity of the in-- . dividual to the cause in which he may be enlisted. Everyone who" has crossed the plains over the sand ridges, through the sage brush, encountering Indians, buffaloeswolves, etc., etc will, I am sure, bear me out in the assertion J: -- have made. Sister Presendia, like many others, had much to endure, and drove her own team, part of the Way, though in delicate health, and sometimes unable to sit up;her cares and labors were varied and numerous, but she enjoyed the spirit of her religion, and was happy in feeling that she was about to reach a place of refuge, where the Saints, could worship God according: to the dictates of their own consciences. She however arrived here on the 22nd of September, and settled down to home life in the Old Fort. January ' Gth, 1848, Sister Presendia wa3 confined with a daughter. ' The little one wa3 named Presendia Celestia, and was a very bright and handsome child. The baby was a great comfort to the lonely mother, who had left her home and come thousands of miles away. She grew to be very beautiful and intelligent and attractive. No daughter was ever more fondly loved in infancy than this little one, indeed she seemed right .y named Celestia, for she was more like aelestial being than a mortal" one. On one occasion President Young inquired her name, and was told it was Presendia Celestia; quick as thought he said, celestial Presendia; anft so it seemed sh e was spirilueUe in form and feature. Her mother's, heart was entwined around her so firmly, that it seemed as though to be separated even for a short time was almost insupportable." But the purest and dearest are often taken in V , infancy. Early in the Spring of 184.81a few of the Mormon Battalion found their way back to Winter Quarters, on the Missouri River, where they had left their families when they were called to go to Mexico. They returned almost literally starved; having undertaken tol cross the - desert - with: paclf mules," and being overtaken with storms and often" losing their way, lying at night on the ground beside their mules; they persevered while their provis- ions held ont, but when their store was ex-- hausted, they first cut up their saddles and", cooked the rawhide, then one by one the anirT mals that had been so faithful and carried them so far, had to be sacrificed to appease the of life and in their bodies. pang3 hunger, keep '. . " - " To be Continued. Zr:r;r:z-ZJ- - 7 MUSIC. ' V 1 - Reader, when you breathe eyen this word," has it not a pleasing sound? Does it not penetrate the recesses of vour heart and RtriVfl f h.- der chords;- - whose vibrations have cheerful ccuuwi x avurituiy luipreaseu wnn ine word, let us peer into the nature and effects of the art. Nestled close in the heart of every human being we find an appreciation of music; in some clearly defined, in others awakened only by peculiar circumstances, and on rare occasions. ' Who has not been relieved by hearing, the emotions of the heart portrayed by strains , of music, in whose supernatural charms we find power to soothe the aching- - . -- - fit ' i I t r:r!d our (JhTiFtfsn TI;o rud, j li.itmnients.. v thzj r- - jart-rt- ? airtij eTriia cfJ Galilee; urging-thtiirc, idicakd:py-gl- i -- : - . T c j , "life what and torn, they ui&l more uian aave, and l:ktd very iik'e Motif- LU-edim- ? . Her flours of love, when others" eId, Ixse half their m agio power; To her our thoughts will fondly cling be at I t- -' Lv " The blessings and the prayer,' Though kindly greetings friends lef,low, We miss her accents there, Our mother's voice, our mother's voice. ' n K JSVT . ar-- . tLYgrr'au-ir'car- 3" dfreat; holiest oMhera "'attr onr owa sweet mother ' Vvivy It eannot TO W iUrxr. "aiirJ and ikl vviih Xu 5j long vvilhoi.t When far away from that dear home, Made radiant by her smile, Iler prayers still Lit 68 us aa we roam, Her words we Hep the while. And if frotn other lips there flow - .ghl ytrd ( Horua love itoLi-rjr- . rkiino charming fclr (ur mother KX Hieter PreMtodia'tays eh e can never .forget the (H'U MOTJnCU'S.VOlCK. many re the tkrUJJi.g Mflfnl-iK'nr Isllln ou the mr, which tho heart with "rlture WLIIo etarts the Xnailllitg tc-- - MANfB warrior's fiith; crc:earlng through evtrj vein vira and courage; and like a stimulant reviv-ing- . hi3 exhausted form. chwring hira oia,To.' to victory ! Pass "from "this been e.aud note the disconsolate mother leaning over her darling babe, whose fragile form (not prepared to encounter 'r the chilling blasts of this cold world) is fast yielding its mortal part to earth; how pained and sether features, a? she reluctantly yields her treasure,; and painfully watches' its gentle spirit ebb with each fleeting moment; suddenly a heavenly strain of music is wafted through the open window mark that change of countenance ! those features .Heem calmed "by the holy mystery -- of those fa sounds; something whispers that her rose-bu- d welcomed by seraphs; she is seemingly permit- . , . Vo 4ftiiT ir noon infi ArAannna and in so doing is assnred that the chain now t&r rvt-fl- m severed will ere long be welded forever; that a reunion will eventually come when mother and ehild, clasped in one long affectionate will enjoy unalloyed blis3 in that world eternal where music dwells supreme. Music is not an art of recent development, but has taken an important part in the graat. " "drama of life" from the beginning. Our earth launched from the hands of its Creator had accompanying phenomena, which in their varied tones produce music. Hark ! the elements combine even while I write, and proclaim in - deep, fearfulrroaring thundcr'tis true. How infinitely grand are those bass notes, telling in their monotonous rumble ofa greater, mightier than mortals, can conceive I Is this "not r power music in. its grandest, most perfect form? "For - a moment we are now lost in the depths of a wooded how forest; thickly mournfully the 7 wind howl3 the branches, nature's own through harps; listlessly moaning," then suddenly bursting into a violent passion of mingled grief and sighs, and dying away into a pathetic requiem. Thoeminor chords ! What a seraphic tremor in the human heart they cause ! ;v In fancy now we are seated by the cheerful peat fire of the fisherman; the gentle rain is pattering on the roof, which, with the. intervening crackling of the embers, drums a lively tune; a lull in the chat the drops come faster; through the windows the pale moon is seen occasionally peeping from behind a dark Nimbus, then hurrying on, seemingly driven from her path by the huge black clouds, far in the distance comes the sound of waves, one after another; alternately roaring, moaning and dying; now voluminous, now scarcely audible; swelling and receding like the beautiful, tones of sl diatonic scales "The voice of the'Great Crea ' tor speaks in those mighty tones." Returning now on our imaginative tour, rich, plaintive tones, issuing from a sanctified altar of worship, 'round which penitents are kneel- - " ing and offering thanksgiving, fall upon our "eai"srSoul-inspired--vei3 given to their feel- ings by means of singing, and involuntarily sent to their Slakef. In "such worpraises-ar- e ship find we not a solace for all our cares? In the house of Grod where music abides we unconsciously enjoy elysiumt and in a dream v reverie, picture ourselves shut out from thi3 ;Cold world and its care3 by a halo of peace, typical of Eden's atmosphere. Jennie Harpx--. i Mesa City, Arizona, May 23rd, 1883. era-brac- e, . .. -- -- . . nt . Virtue is a rough way, but proves M night a bed of down. Woticn, -- 