X) W OMAN ' 8 EX - feard 'demorietr-- : car0f (;od uion the earth, and that where "to Ixj death, to be spiritual isJife." nal minded has Orphaned in youth Virginia lived JWItU distant kindred, ana i lie fie iew laW9 ...... with her. it.M little ivrnDathr v in the flock," They deemed "tho itrancr frora'view Whose Inner nature hid -- Theirs "could ; Its d'r.inco here, its finalinr, " . - And from men's contradicting creeds To choose the one true perfect plsu Whereby to live and thereby claim, The gift eternal life to man. .. . That ev'ry passion, ev'ry power, whole, of perfect Formed worthy part Yet realized, through broken laws : Confusion reigned, and wrongs lcame . In turn the tyrants of the soul, Maker's sharae.7 'their 'Til mankind grew Vet in the fresh soul of. the young, - Faitb, hope and courage spring anew Above the darkness storms have cast; So she, while days came on and went, Some paths of life passed safely through heaven lent. By the pore light that What paths are lone- for a pure girl Who has her home and kindred too? love My friend, for those the angels snare Tho tempter hastes to build his In ev'ry path her steps pursue, beside her there. Though kindred walk And she, a sewing girl, had met With human nature face to face--In its true features, all unmasked From outward guise that custom feigns, true grace And of t, not robed with that That buves a shrinking heart its pains. In ev'ry home her ear could cateh - A discord through its harmony; or power Wealth, station, bring not peace To satisfy the soul, nor bide The wounds of life, society 1 Discovers npon every side. cried What wonder, that In secret Her soul to God, '"My Father, give Thine earthly cblldrenW again . -- i ' A. 1 pie. -- k.u It and easily acted Wj upobr Wg p " , -c- ; nnd7 wanted or hear the gift-o- f tongues, some one speak to have a sing by that gift, but she expected. to a last i:;;w'Ya7;wW" Wp tnnk her with .us A Ti w. -- T.C rl fi rt;yr i iuijuii ng I .arose and santr 'i'-7nin fftinrnp ame visitmsHn-Kirtlan- dr - simultaneously uui im "" 2:v.:h verse in per-.... words; beginning and ending onj. fect unison, without varying. we had sung it together a thouas though just sand times. After we came out of meeting,1 our cousin; observed, Instead 'of' laughing, v.... never felt so solemn in my life To he foniiniifii 7' ' Wknbhed. ' : ' Mus. rappxran fBfe tio&ngues, afluenccs. m p1j Titi that-lhejn- jnw jesting. gsla yta But. :. . ilVjL Have , Am Jan. : . iiL-- s you r any of the missed me, noticed my long silence and I Hatter mywondered, why I did not write? of. rnc .whil have.kindly.thought self that you much mv heart and haifds have. been full, to; Az-ter- . jA uiy often with you while I sat by the hc bad another after one who sick children, bc-asid- - 'diphtheria. rkindr-lXow to the many- friends whu Juy.' i - and.-iuth;- y ih .in answered my quibbles and will vay (hat Exponent, I send greeting?, S..;l Hr. i lh the faith they all seem to have in i Ow lhel-Wd-promirappT- but wucn my hvj.I cry and idle wordcm mc, 1 01 h ones were in danger and ei them, mv heart and 7. ?ml ...iuinei AW-highfower, and ctied,;!). Gplju " I felt that I had been feeding mine unbelief and on husks, and said in my heart, I will arie loved ones go untamy fathers house. , My thankfulne. were spared, and now I turn, in like the Athenians towards t he unk nown ther wnnlrV-rriv- nnvthioir to vwsQSS riA t J UUU. A W.V. idrnFfartirtbat so many f th- - o r prov.. un,u. feeing Christians have ( prolong ha. includes MormoM and all). Another year - 1 - waM the alter This was in broad daylight in KtrtUnd-saSon. - A number of the children m s.ste and the Same. When the brethren told ottao. came home in the evening, they the power of God manifested.in e: . Dear Editor. Oan. and their . LETTEIl FROM OHIO. I ;: .. , nnft nmasion. I saw an- ;n fp avr kmer upon the lemfast was during one o our monthly -- -- Continued. h, . "orfenga augusta Joyce Crocherox. an J Saints.. the saints were m the lemple little girl came to my door, and The in wonier called me out, exclaiming,house' mee ingis in the top of the meeting and-th- ere ht -Fen Ao-th-an-e-e ls door, the clothed.in white, covering roo"Pfrom end to end; . They seemed to - and dur-Deare- d :walkin-- to and fro;: they appeared: - realized that- - they before -- Wa3 There was poured out upon us abun-dantl- y the spirit of revelation, prophecy an(l: The" Holy Ghost filled the lipuse; tongues. -- and along in the afternoon a noiso wa heard: it was the sound of a mighty rushing wind. But at first the congregation was nUrtled, not: seemed. knowing what it wasr To many it tlamc?. lather thougli the roof was all in Smith exclaimed, 'Is the hoiiic un lire!'. 'Do this morning, you not remember your prayct, Father Smith?1 inquired a brotlier. men inu it patriarch, clasping hi handcxrlaimwir-iu-Spir. wind of God, like a mighty rushing manifestations Many have been the spiritual enioved by this aged woman during the years " that"have elapsed since fehe became a member of the Church. Speaking of these occurrences, and of Ihe gifts, she say?: "A cousin of ours to r : also said, in the interpreta Her nature o -- KIMBALL. 7 rRIiSKKDlA LATHROr " of persecution had already begun to make-i- ts appearance towards them, even though' they had not become members of the Church. Mr. Buell's relatives were strongly opposed to his the means of goingwestfearing-it-would-bconverting him to Mormonism. A Every evil report that could; be circulated . against the Mormons was being carried hither and thither. However, the way seemed to open, and during, Mr.Buell sold his prothe winter of 1835-36- ; where perty, and moved to Sackett's Harbor, they remained that winter, but not satisfied, - and on the first day of May, they reached Kirtland, Geagua Co., Ohio. Shortly after arMrs. Nancy riving there, they rented rooms of Richardson, well known to the Saints in early truths " days. . There they heard the everlasting of heaven proclaimed in their fulness and received the same into their hearts. - On the 1st , Sister Presendia was bapday of June,-1836tized and confirmed by Oliver Cowdery, and reon the 9th of the same month her husband In the following ceived the same ordinance. another September, on the. 8th-o- f the month, . on - was born to uir. auu .uib. jjtttn, called him Chancey D. He lived only a shortOctober. Durtime, expiring on the 1st day of .Presendia ing the interval of time, Sister in Kirtland, sbe enjoyed many the manifestations great biasings and realized .. of God's power iii a very great degree. ot at" that time were in that condition . humility and childlike simplicity that ca led forth the exercise of the gifts of . the Gospel in was a a wonderful manner. There really which spewas cial outpouring of the Holy Ghost, seemed like the baptism of fire, for every pnetual gif t to partake more or less of these spin and blessings. Sister LTfemple. the fast meetings in the Kirtland " the' who e congre"whereroe"vral .occasions,entranced by the regation was, as it were, them. markable power that rested down upon of rejoicing, ofxthese peculiar seasons Speaking -W 'Wp. P.iiovcd many very ,,.c jt y 1U vv (rreat blessiners, and otten ?aw ujc Ihe-Samts 7 VENERABLE WOMAN. ' npnfppft:in ""oneninj? ihe meeting. vday the' power of God rested mightily upon the fnr . TO BE CONTISUKD. I .J u e&ireu " " .. A prophet, as in ages old, That we to Thine own will may live,fold. Thy flock, within Thy shelt'ring . 1 - -- fr .1 - - - sweet-harmon- y . , The intKLery of human life: ' c ...... . ; " : bu . v aDOUt congregation wasuTprayig one corner of the roomabyyu t head, a choir of . angels, singing most beautifully. They were' invisible" to" us, but' myriads of angelic. voiced seemed to ..be united in. ji?glg -- some jr filled jsong of Zion, ynd their . the Temple of God," . atrthe pnte- . cost.. In zinc raormn g, atner duuui . p . . 11 sue j mat wnicn til. their gathering to Kirtland, Ohio. The spirit i ,- e, would oring With steadfatt feet and silent tongue the kept the path of duty, truth; s "With ready hand and answering 8mi!c ' S lightened burdens ther'$ibore, " riitifyinj all her youth; '7:.; -.- And FUll hcr face its mystery bore. : : , Some thing beyond her power to name, 77 7 Too "eacred to bo strewn In speech, Like struggling dawn upon her soul, I : :. It hovered p'raost plain to eight -lier reachal i .ofct within ; x Nearer and r h night. "Around spirit day d -- iusband heHeWdraml ughtShe7aid-he- r: The El- was even then ready to be baptized. ders whbwere laboring in that locality, and under whose teaching her husband was con verted, were Elders Ditcher and Blakesley. At that time a western lever was raging very high, and Mr. Buell was very anxious to go out west. This Sistcr Presendia "considered "providential,-an-: d not fathom or unlock. SniUb-preside- - : - v T,- y 8E(X)NU 1'AHT, onWWraittl ' . tinn were on their knes, praym.vocalkj: of the Latter-daSaints, which is wholly, spiritual in its first fetages of development. , -yet In the fall of 1835, Sister Presendia "says she .. meetlLg5- when Father coh- the Eiders preach m Eurrville, at .4 there was no confWion. The .r.'- of the. the 7 : the old echool-houswhere - she had been jrregatwn rainleclsoffc HELEN AND, .VIRGINIA: U PONE NT V - - n fc- awnd; wHerlMn r-- - - 