THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT Salt Lafc City, Utaa one Tenas: On eopy year, $2. 00; oae copy six mentis fl.C0 Tea corks Sot Una .rriee cl Bine. Adtertisin HrteE-qrwrts::T3aoFcocpArell space, one 00 A liberal discount to 5Ct tlsse, per month, $3. aJhvxteserjr Ttzalu oi 'tba Council Sxpoaent wal monUi!, ia Fatiis! Thii U ail ns k,4 ml " women who hive physically ijeiitaHji "1 "and f pIHtuilly greater frtviom to devebft than the, "Mormon" ;. women. The very genius of 'Mormoniim' iUelf, gives women prtvtUgea not acknowledged, and not yet granted in the portunity of marriage;" dct'any ether Church in ' Chris tendom doLthkTAr ariaal uralTconse- - - XwsrRoom JBn$ineaJxixs-6a- 1 : House SoaiJfple-atreet10 a. ni. to5 . a Addrws ail bsslnefS communications to V ' Publisher Woman's Exfcuttst, : Salt Lake Qty UUh. - . BALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, ejDhurdjthat-is-- 1SS3. ANNUAL CONFERENCE.' m reasons; there cannot be perrect narmony, it could notbe a complete union," or blending together of heart and soul, which is the true meanin g of marriage. In this respect then Mormonism is fax In advance. Woman, too, may have a choice, she is- not obliged to accept , the first offer of marriage, lest there should "7 ntevernbTanother opportunity, as thousands of women do in the world, where according to some of those Eelf styled protectors of the weaker sex, women have so much freedom and attention. To enumerate all the superior advantages given to women here, would take too much time; but one thing we may say with all propriety, and that is, that In the matter of progress, women have greater liberty, becauee they are not, and need not be, tied down or restricted to any of those strait-lacerironrbedsteadTulesT on that environ about every hand the women of the world. To be sure the suffragists have opened the way considerably and made this matter much easier for women than before, but they have not yet attained, in the Church or in the State, to the liberty enjoyedbyitheae "Mormon" wives and daughters for whom the outside world entertain such an abhorrence. Many of th e chains worn by women are of gold, to be snreyllnked with jewels, and the bridles with which they are so securely fastened are of fine spun silk, yet they are oft times - To the Officers and Chuech-of-Jesus-Chr- - Members day Saints: of the of Latter. ist ' ' ' ' : " - Meetings will be held In the Large Tabernacle In this city, on Thursday, A.prll 5th, 1SS3, at 10 o'clock in the morning and 2 o'clock in the noon, preparatory to the Annual Conference, which will conmence on Friday, April 6th, at 10 o'clock in the morning, as per previous adjournment." " V -- d, Geoege Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith, ' First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Da- y Saints. Salt Lake City, March 20th, 18S3. ' -- . HOW LITTLE IS KNOWN OF " . "MORMONS." ' It is truly surpriaing, when we consider the boasted intelUgence of the nineteenth century, to find how little is really known of the "Mormons. People actually engage in what they term studying the Mormon question, and solving the Mormon problem," without becoming acquainted with it, except through hearsay. In conversing with strangers who pass through the city, and spend a few hours, or perhaps a day at most, one can readily comprehend the fact, that, as far as the people, the institutions, and the condition of the Territory is concerned, they are as Ignorant as ofa foreign country and Its interests. Tne circumstances under which the "Mor-moncame into the wilderness are misrepresented, the desolate state in which the pioneers found this valley, and the government they soueht to establish here, all fh others of a similar nature, are told in various ways, and elaborately colored. this Considering psople belong to the civil. l2ed races, and have been educated in the same habits and customs, as well as schools, of those who live on the other side the Reeky Moun-tainone cannot help wondering at thesa absurdities. The only thing that these are quite sure they do know, is that Mormons have more than one wife, and consequent ly they are to them a race of men and women, separate and apart from the rest of the world of mankind. It seems to be a settled fact with them too, that the women cannot possibly have minds of their own, or free agency, or they would never submit to the social domestic relation aignlfied by the unmerltorious term "poly. s" s, anti-Mor-mo- gamy." ; ouaf jana gun ground notw I th landing dic, alindtr and talartfprtntaUou, when e galling In the extreme, yet these ladies scorn the women whose strength of character has helped them, to rise superior to the environments the world has for, centuries past held necessary for women, and declare them- selves free to think, to act, and to advance in the scale of being, fearless of the ridicule and" " opprobrium of fashion worshippers. There is no other Church that has such a per-feorganization, including all within its fold. -And theorganizatlonnbftheTwomen of 'the Church is in Itself a study. The world has nothing that compares with it in its harmony and "consistency throughout. What is termed the woman's rights movement is becoming now a thorough system of organization, but it is a long way behind in many particulars the organization of women In the "Mormon" Church. That it is so little understood outside is due mostly to the bitter prejudice against "Mormon" women. They cannot believe they have any good in them, and look upon them as low, degraded and nn worthy of notice. Were it otherwise they might learn many truths that would help them in the good work now being carried on in the various societlei founded for advancement and support. a great pity that when strangers come to this city they do not make, the acquaintance of "Mormons" and learn of matters from their stand-pointhey would then be much better able to and judge to lecture or write, on "Mormon" topics. If there is nothing in Mormonism it certainly is not worth so much talk and comment from the newspapers, the platform and the pulpit. The principles sdvocated and practiced by this people are of such a nature that will they self-sam- -- . et .IJs t; prj those .who oimcse them end week to destroy, and break- , down their power will sink Into insignificance aud oblivion.: They are the theoiW which, if nrorerlv carried out in the lives of men n,t . .. - . ;Wjoeiii.illim and produce a racriemrowed wl t h h ighe r a t purer aspirations than any that exists at the present time. Urr-'- - nd iXheChurchea according to the statistics: then If they marry, they, must of necesalty, a .large number of them at all events, marry out of .latwry'srestSnndjiky; 1 they do not know, andcUl tWTrstte. There are ho -- , ; teeu HOME AFFAIRS. We have perused with much satisfaction the pamphlet entitled "The Farmer's and Miner'j ner and Simmons, edited by Chas. W. Stayner. It is clearly and forcibly written1 in a style that cannot fall to be beneficial to those who are in-- , terested In the laws pertaining to land matters and mining claims. It will be to the interest of those who are not well posted In the laws that govern5 these matters to purchase this work, for it is, multum in ptrvo. The book is for sale at the office of Stayner and Simmons. Price 23cts. - ' little-comprehensi- Another lady graduate in medicine and surgery. Mrs. Margaret C. Shipp had her diploma awarded her at the Woman's Medical College Jn Philadelphia, on the 15th of March ult. The "lady has been studying the science for the last eight years, and during that time has given lectures on these subjects in dlHerent parts of the Territory. She has now returned home, and with the title M. D. prepared to enter upon the practice of her profession. Mrs. Shipp is a lady of culture, pleasing and attractive In manner, will no doubt success achlete in a medical career. Utah has now several : talented - woman physicians, and others preparing themselves for this important .... sphere of work. The Woman's Conference of this Stake of Zlon was held in the Fourteenth Ward Assem Jbly Rooms Friday and Saturday, March 0 and 10. The first day was devoted to the Relief Society, Mrs. M. Isabella Home presiding. Her Counselors," Mrs. Elmlna S. Taylor and Helen Mar Wrhitney were both present. President EUziR. 8. Smith and Counselor Zina D. were also upon the platform, with H.oung several other of the officers of the Relief Society. The usual exercises were given, minutes of the previous Conference read and reports Riater from fhA n Mr Aral hrnnh In thn Rf:nVfl Horne and Sister Eliza occapled the remainder of the morning in practical instruction to the Sisters, encouraging them in the performance of the yarious duties of the organization. The afternoon meeting was very interesting, the speakers were spirited and touched upon matters of general Interest. Sisters Z. D. H. Young, 8. M. Kimball, E. S. Taylor, H. M. Whitney, P. Woodruff, E. R. S. Smith and M. I. Home occupied the time. The Deseret Hospital was discussed, the silk Interest, T)r. Barney's proposition to give free instruction to the sisters who are desirous of learning how to care for the sick, and many, other matters spiritual and temporal. Saturday morning, Conference of the Primary-Associatio- ns, Mrs. E. C. Clawson presiding. The meeting was specially interesting, and great Improvement was manifested in the several branches, through the reports of the Presidents. Some very good singing from the ' . full-fledg- well-earne- d, : ..... little folks. Afternoon, Y." L. M. I. A. Conference, Mrs. Mary A. Freeze presiding. The reports were very good. The speakers were Slaters M. A. Freeze, Mattla Home, Bister Eliza and M. I. ' . ed ve 