WOMAN'S EX PONE NT. previously;" To avoid disturbance father paid hia$30 in gold, and about" ten o'clock a.m. struck our tents and traveled about nine miles , and encamped on a small creek by the side of , the road." t to Towards morning father was sent-fo- r Whi Next tney's camp. retu r 11 to Bishop. the Markham news arrived, bringing day Bro. of the birth of a son to my father VwjfeJSarali-.- . . day "of March, -A-nnrhis-was"thQ-8th the child was called where he was born. - and David, as also the valley .Next day .towards even-i- father and President Young went to n Bish- - nJBiitnev'nipju uie "" Bamejevjsiiiu and band came up camped with, us, for which-w- e were all glad, as they entertained us every evening when in camp. This place where we were camped was called Richard's Poin t, on the borders of a snallwood?7rThejnajority of--: "" the camp of Israel were there, where we were in consequence"' : obliged to remain over a week, : of fctormy weather. My husband wrote. "The number of souls in Zion's camp, this side of the Mississippi, at the present time somewhat exceeds 2,000.,. Wm.. Kimball conveyed Sarah Ann in an easy carriage to the camp this day. Before leaving the Valley of David fatherBishop . Whitney) had the gopd luck to exchange a span of horses for two yoke of oxen and thirty bushels of corn, with a man living in the vicinity. The band having received an invitation from the people of Keosauqua to come and. play, they went on the 10th and 11th, and the Court House was crowded with audience. They received an invitation to repeat their concert the next evening, which they-diwere also invited by the citizens to" take a ride on a "light boat," and as they neared the landing a cannon was' fired twice. - At this place they cleared abont $30. Concerning that place Horace says in his journal: "This place, the of Van Buren County, lies about county-sea- t ten mile3 east of our present encampment on the Des Moines. Wednesday, the 11th, in accordance with the invitation' ,tW baud won't again to Keosauqua, Wm. and myself accompanied them." "Thursday, 12th. Very stormy the rain" has fallen almost incessantly since Tuesday y last. received a letter from Watter-ma- n Phelps, stating the general news in Nau-voamong which was that Wm. Smith and George A. Adams had arrived there and were about to organize the church that John E. Page and Jiufus Beach had --joined the Strang-ite- s that Luke Johnson was again received into the church on Sunday, the 8th that Col. Kane was there and was-tleave on the 10th inst that the ice had got out of the river and the steamboats were running, etc., etc." This was quite newsy- - letteiand all these things were interesting to a people who were traveling away iiom their homes,' never more to behold them. But there wa3 no mourning nor lamentations, we felt too glad to have made our escape. And the first evening. after the warm sun had dried the earth, the young people" were out dancing by moonlight determined upon being happy, or at least to snatch all the pleasant moments and enjoy them as they came along. Some of the camp were already prostrated with chills and fever in consequence of want and exposure. It now rained almost incessantly, and Bishop Whitney's daughter, Sarah Ann, was in a critical state part of the time' while there. And Mother Whitney, who stayed with her daughter, and, like ail the rest ' was exposeo! to cold and wet, took the rheuma "tism, and it settled in her left wrist, which had been broken the previous winter by jumping from a buggy when the horse became frightened one evening as she was from" the Temple, She QQuld pot bi returning convinced that it we broken--, although, tha Bishop's father, " d, - -- To-da- o, o Ill who was a doctor, told her that it was broken, and that she ought to have a doctor to set it, he being then too old to it himself. ' Her hand and arm commenced to wither away, and one day while on the journey Father John Smith called to her tent to and. notion her hand add wrist enquired info the cause jng and seemed to feel greatly interestedinhcr be half; He pxilkd forXbottle" of' consecrated oil to-atten- d see-he- r, frh-iny--mr- mr of-rai- and administered it with prayer and mighty faith, and he prophesied that flesh should come upon that arm and hand, which was literally . . jMfiUedjJbpugLt : QcaeentinuesRicharl's Point,, where we are now located, is situated on Chequest rrairierana nere we are likely to remain for some time at least, as the roads are almsTlm rt passable.: "Friday 13th. - . - .' - and-pitche- rapidly." "Friday 20th. Our rouie being chiefly on the prairie the roads were very bad; crossed traveled fourteen miles and Fox River encamped about four p.m. in the edge of a small piece of timber very poor muddy place, y, being destitute of a name, consequently gave it one, viz., Slough of Discontent The prairie through which we have been traveling and shall for a day or two, is called the "New Purchase," on the "Fox Divide." - . "Saturday 21st. Started at half past nine, proceeded eleven miles and encamped on the edge of the timber about four miles from the River Chariton." That evening the band overtook us, and before retiring they played a few tunes before President Young's tent and father's."" OhTwhat dismal days those were! And the next - day was Sunday cloudy and disagreeable as we started in the morning and crossed the bottom, which intervened be-tween U3 and the Chariton River. We had considerable difficulty in crossing that stream, to-da- y, on ftccQUQt of tfcs fteBBS3 of thsdetceat on d . . . , . . . The clouds having cleared away this morning the weather assumes a more smiling aspect, which, after three days incessant rain, is very acceptable. "Saturday 14th. O. P. Rockwell and Edwin Cutler started on horseback for Nauvoo to carry letters. Lyman Whitney and myself took a short excursion into the country for theh purpose of trading for oxen returned; hav- mg partially effected an exchange." The weather, having ..continued: favorable there was a fair prospect of our being able to resume our journey in a day or two, but on the 17th it commenced clouding up, and before midnight began a slow, drizzly rain, which continued the remainder of the night, so we remained there till the 19th. The. quadrille band went to Keosauqua on the same day by invitation, to hold another cpneert. The weather -- continued showery till the evening of the 18th, when it cleared off pleasant. Horace wrote the same day. "The corpse of Bro. Edwin Iattle was brought into camp and interred tor dtgr. He was taken sick here a few days ago, and was conveyed into the country in order to have skillful treatment and to be shielded from the inclemency of the weather; but notwith standing all was done for his relief that human AaA frwlay while iji the url omi fiffinrA. the camp. His disease to the on way wagon -was the quick consumption;. He appeared to be reconciled to his. death, and died in the full faith 0 the Gospel." "Thursday 19th. This mormiag about eleven o'clock struck our tents- - and proceeded The weather-fineon our journey., though rather cool the roads quite smooth travel ed about twelve miles our tents on a small creek which also bears the name of Chequest, on the land of a widow name unknown. We are nQw traveling through Davis County, which joins Van Buran County. Brother Kimball's family and ours are well Sarah Ann gaining to-da- its banks. After crossing there was a very bad hill to ascendrand they, were obliged to double teams in both .places, besides the assistance of a number of men to hold back, and push up hill.1 TlaiHsJ er part of the day-W- e. encamped on the top of the hill in a small piece of timber Ho w- oTthose tedions sleet and days mud, and sometimes hunger, for already were our rations poor and pinched, itjbeing the intention at that time to cross over tne uooty lountajins the same year. Tnenmportant event transpired ; that dismal morning, while we were crossing the bottom between our camping ground and Chariton River, which wa3 indelibly written upon my memory. We passed the wagon of Sister Zina D. H. Young, which - had halted - upon " : the" east Sank, where she had a beauti-fu- l son born, and he was named Chariton. I : have never met that son : nor heard hifliame without its reminding me of, Chariton River and the circumstances attending our eojourn there. The following, written by Sister Zina, is worthy of a place in our history: "I had been told in the temple that I should acknowledge God even in a miracle in my deliverance in woman's hour of trouble, which honr had now come. We had traveled one morning abour five miles, when I called for a -halt in our march. There. was but one person with me Mother Lyman, the aunt of George A. Smith; and there, onthe bank of the Chariton, I was delivered of a fine son. On the morning of the 23rd Mother Lyman gave me a cup of coffee and a biscuit. What a luxury for special remembrance! Occasionally tho wagon had to be stopped, that I might take breath. Thus I journeyed on. . But X did not ' mind the hardship of my situation, for my lifo had been preserved, and my babe seemed's j Lm.'i i -- . - ' ' -- .! neauumi. - To be Continued. A WORD FROM PROVO. Knowing that your interest, dear sisters, is ine eaiiio ivl ait ), will tell you of our welfare.n.i'j 'The young ladies are just. a3 b usy a? bee.--. They have had a fair this fall, which wa.s successful in every particular, and leaving a balance of $80 ..(eighty dollars) ;ih" the Treasury, which will be given; for charitable purposes, and to assist in the erection of our new Tubcr-nacle. ipiritf growing in the hearts' of the Saints is manifestitself-fogood. Those who are Saints aru ing m6re determiucd Thau ever, and those who are indifferent are getting deeper. into the unsafe mire of neutral ground. Our Conference, which htis4ust Pas k was -about as poor as we ever had, owing t our President, Jenn ie Tanner, being away, and our beloved Sister Taylor not being here, but wo ' enjoyed ourselves, the few that were togethfr, and felt encouraged, as we always do after doing our duty. 2... 1 reform-aiaiuTliuirtharr- s r - . -- - , lire in a flourishOur Primary ing condition.. We have, not held a fair in .Association's . Frovo this year, but we held aconcert, which: was the most successful one ever given in Provo, clearing $40 (forty dollars) in our treasury, after paying seven for tithing, five to the Hospital and ten to our Stake Tabernacle and paying all expenses. The knowledge our little ones have of music, order and prompt action is of greater worth to us than all the money made. O ur Primary Band is no w u n d er active practice, and thejwxslare coming to the front for once," proving that they only need a wise and interesting plan to make them as active as -- ' .' the girls. We read with interest the reports of other societies, and we are trying to keep pace with hem in the cutyivatioQ of the youth of Zion, . - . 