the uom nt th . v hsnd of Mb znnuU r, vite i out In Lis aripulfth f cul, ' .tht r, forgive jl hl,(jW .not hat they Ut," Bbalbman, W :j thy a I? iJ'U t Htt Je lower than 4) - au f ;i vr of .HJm in example whgm there n ''ioVm," -- ? 1 J,- -. niliup Hrvr:w!t'i ?l"-ITIiifp;- ri. ' 3 that we to tray fmm,.li Me Hud tuifrfivf often t :vpping a re a a y ar ie a ,feath.trvnkj '1 f hurries n with' a fin w..b I w o Id : Iikt :'Vimentbn , but.'pce will rfiit vTWrbr- - ?'A Lovely ba Jt so soft 1 W zf-ff- f-- contiifcuto Jo'ho fidvance4ur ' and forgiveness. ff : .;,t . Oaroijfie Ivcrion, f the own h pplLes - I f Bknder Is liurTecFTo cruJi3jy rhx px: e ehoul'j remember "to err is hum;.j," Fn.pirt.i-forgive the offender. The man wish a reveug- ful spirit Is in a perpetual tt- nn, lie is hh rx-tormentor, and his gu:Ir, of ccujs?, if his v - Cjv - s r . is the revengeful though ta, f jt a pirit of revc-ugt i of h m the deviJ. Let very spiri whee s l is uarktned with malice valk through a ie?J clad with verdure and fljwt'r?, and no.hin2 v. ill appear beautiful to hin?,"but on the cthtr LanJ "to the person whoe heart is full of Lrgivtne every thing appears beautiful. Jlopiogve will all cultivate a spirit of forgivenes lap J charity towards one another, 1 remain, etc -- the oflicers ahd. mcrol ors cf if.e ( ;,-W- pve-?nt- e . - fr.'en'Jhliip." it to ypU beccue w'e LovKyeup ; an ;1 wish you to 'remeraj;crp.whes-jvcii:.si4lia far f!i5?tsnt !rvr;dp ths1-- no', matter .what cvmes,-- ; thcrfi Hrtg-"t rp.fi1gnd?-a- liorne," Msy.yu go out into the world ai a pessfnser tf "peace," that wherever yon go that heavenly will ftcure for you a band cf true friends: Wc ask our Fther io blef s S'lster lk-iolvc- , . t Ar-rce- Sakaii Wheeler, President. SAiun McGkeoar, Secretary, - la IN MEMORIAM. of this jiff - ma vcur heart always-bagfu- "Faith, Hopo and Charity," that keep In sight. Wc H LADIES AND MATRIMONY. 1 y u broken In the I sometimes think some of our young girls do not fully understand the important step they are taking when they give their hand to be Joined in wedlock, The best women have an instinctive wish to marry a man superior to themselves, which' I think, is as it should be, fcf a woman that marries a man inferior to herself, wrong herself, her family, and her whole life, for he will most likely dfa her to his level. In the first placp, one should marry for Jov; Is very well, and th a t we fchoulu have and hold, bui It does not answer in pHco of sffeeticn. Giils, do not marry a man that is naturally cruel. If he will wantonly torture a por dumb cat or dog, fly from him as you would from a snake. If his nature delights in torture he will not spare his wh'e and children. D ) no--t marry a fop; there is in such a character nothing that cn what commands respect. JLokvithj'r-uaiare called fast young men, thoe who frequent the saloon to satisfy anunnatura! thirst for lire water, and those fil.'ed with conceit, who talk large and use either vulgar phrases or cath?. Those wha wear dashing finery and Took with disdain on others who toil income honest cccj- J : . pation. : 1 1 la folly for young women to think they can reclaim the ones they lovet , 1 say to ycuog maidens, be warnedin time; can yon reclaim Ihof e who have not the power to reclaim themselves? I say not often. Bswarc, for eft the deepest rascal wears the finest clothes and has th e - sm 0 othest tongue. ' JBefare you begin to Ecold me for this impious thjrig, first look around and see if it is not true.5 Ycung iadie?, a8Iifel8 precious to ycu, and. since you valae it highly, take no chances; better than marry .a youug man whom you know to drink a littlo now and then, (for his friends sake) wait a while longer. "" To think of regaining a young man from in temperance la simply folly to him; your efforts ., , Tr-t- h. j yen-eve- F'iiall r (,13ec3n light cf & .blight : cf" l! - ' "'IZrLir: 'Fai'wcii'- - ior a short chin cf friendship, seascia; and but more eo, that we may All prove worthy to meet in the "grand reunirn ' in do we sincerely--hopa- F a ther 'a iloni'?, wharp we..grh allmeat-tho- se .'"'Loved ones who have sone before.'' TE 5TIMONIAL TO BISHOP CRANE. Sister Cynthia Durfee died at her. home in Bcavef " Dams, Box Elder Co., Utah., February the 20tb, 1333, aed seven years, two months and twenty days. LLfcsceascd was born kv tbe Stato-of-- V baptised intotho Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, ia the year 1330, and has paused through a great iwxny tryiatf scenes in tho Church, but she has ever been true and faithful to the Gospel, noverdonbting Its truth. She was the wife of FrancllloDurfee, one of the Mor-mo- n L'attahon. Long may her good example live In the hearts of hrr children and friends. Resolutions of. respect on the death of Sister Cynthia Durfee, adopted at a "meeting of tho Relief Society of ."Beaver Dams," held March 1st, 18$:$. Whereas, Godf in his wisdom has seen lit to call from v our midet our much loved and worthy teacher, and, Whereas, lier labors in our Associatlorihavflbcen, faithfully performed, we feel that 6ome proper rceogfiK tion of her virtues be recognized among us, therefor ; ; be it, , Resolved, that we as members of tho Relief Society do deeply mourn the loss of so valuable and faithful a : ty-thrc- o -- y . Toner to whom" honor is due.v pyoplo of WftI ct ' Herrimau-cHebraled-tho-,V- 2n The good i birth- day of tbeir Bhhop, Jame? Crane, in a very n suitable manner, cxpres-Tvec- f tho high in which he is he!d; the pe p'o cf h!s he is indeed a father and a friend. ward He has labored faithfully to lead the young people of his ward in the ways of the Lord, that they may attain to honor. An excellent address was prepared for the occasijrj, by Sister Jano Bo wen and was read 8t the pirty. The filters oMhe wardcontribnted the means tho Blshrp with a nice gold watch-anchain, which he received with happiness The "party' was held in the end gratitude. Pchoolhou5R and about two hundred and fifty people sat down to a snrapfuous dinner. Sister Bowcn also composed a pcem that win icadand ' Them were several highly appreciited. speeches made, and much good feeling calcu'atrd to happ'fy and eaccuragthe Bishop. The evening was .Occupied ia dancing and social erjoyment. 7 '. uppre-cialio- feel-tha- i" ahd-prtser.- ted ' . appreciation iaffu-ence- . Welch . res-pe- ourHar-kH'a'i- ur irueTi8.t"ihTuT Khsolutioxs of Respect. e - Y. L, M. 'the Th;rd .Ward' of Brigham 1 L VUUxNU .of t"'!tr fecl-'i- o of Soren '. lte.soIations: . Whereas, it has pleased an. alwiso lTdvIdence.to cdU from our midst by tho hand of death, our beloreJ flater,-an' friend, Therefore, ..47 llesolved, that we do recognize in the death of pur Slster.C'arolino Ivcrsou, the loss of ah able, fill dent and ' faithful member of our Society. Resolved, that w:e esteem her past faithful labors aiid devotion to duty as Trorthy tho fellowship and emulation of us all. ' .. Itesolved, that we condolo and deeply sympathize with the bereaved husband, children, relatives and friends, in the lo?3 of a loving wife, afiectionate mother and a true friend. that these Itcsolutions le spread upon the records of tho Relief Society of the Second Ward, and "ttiat a copy of them Lo sent to the bereaved hnsbanc'i also that a copy be Bent to the woman's Eipokext. knowk'dgc that wo have or j iyed ycur efforts in .v doipg .good in enr midst, tluafee we ask ycu to accept; this ring "as of :true ' 7 ' Houth Morgan. tf e M. AV cxpressi!ajQf aiectionato., regard- - wa l rcscTi tecJ toJ?.Tr.,Ariacda Snow Yoang & her departure on a mission to'ths SandMeh Islands with her hu stand, I. JAftcc'tion ishment; whetlur ho ja at homier a- ra vJ, hi compiDy or abne, it still earo-8ethough,: and a Provldance haHv ordainel tiat hesjevfr meditites against the peace of ajo:'u-- .sh even in tho design jese his own. My aJvJce wouid be to bnahh all tp'tefu and hi-- folio?,-i- Yef n s fho vfife 153C. sisters of the llolief Society of tho Second Ward, Silt Lake City, nnanimousJyj,dopt theiolIowirig AVe-th- ' fair,;------ iTerson, born. 4th A puroepIrit has left uonajrell.. prfp&red to dwell la a holier sphere, where Ehenolr ebines among the jewels of that gloribas court on hih. -- cflttr, rnd- rjojpf ir- - : wf Trjtvo ThoF wlfo enjoy rceat ' ...... "Oct'dCer antln cur hearSB;it : Laiiea hence by eirthly doom Just tent to show, how s weet a flower In Pa r&di-- e would bbsm." ttf ;r 1 t, r t: hL , jtttfr&p-i-cn 'ha. kiul.cf a y man a .good jtixj f bculd .m my, -Jy-L nvl.pf-ri;...- ; 's i.tiil fulfiling . ' a iiyT;:;na ath CiFrloiy tcre of Ltrhut bKSt v !. opf miHiion in E'jrcpa. I . j V . I DIED, L'Utlr Hcfcer Kimball, ssn of Orson F. and Zins S. Whitney, died in Prove, April 20ih," IS;3, from mcrFels. He was'born June 3rd, 1SS2, and thuga hi ?cjpurn cn earth was short, the -little one wrJ3 entwined around theliearta of all -- who knew him, rand was a source of much comfort to his mother, having been born after th :'. - r. o Resolved, that we cojidole with each other in this bereavement, and tender this token of respoct and love to her relatives andfnends In this affliction... Rosolvcd, that we present a copy of these resoIutiona to her relatives, and have the same published Jn the Vy'osiAN's Espon'ext, and keep n copy of tho same on our record. . .. . Sarah A. Dcbfee, , - President Relief Society ,r Collinston, Utah. Deseret Hospital, May 12th, 1883. 1)eau Exponent: . . I wish to express my sincere and heartfelt gratitude to my numerous friends for their kind attention and sympathy manifested towards me during my sojourn in the Deseret Hospital, where I have been mad e, very com- fortable. I feci, in my heart, to acknowledge of tho Ixrd in the affliction which the hand ha3 over- taken me, and am assured it will result in a blessing, for I have learned by a long experience under the "New and Everlasting Covenant" that all things are overruled for good to those who love God. I know it is good to serve the Lord, and I desire to devote my life to His service. 'Nor do I forget my dear rela tivea and friends iu St. George, where tho acci b-- . 