W Q fXK Sr EXP O Of E NT 7 12S "To do justice and Judgment is more acceptable to the Lord than sacrifice. 2sov ,rs the old year is dying out, and we , let us turn "are aoout to commence a 210YeiLiuulhirJleafV instead ot continuing in the new and a narrovv gauge; step put upon broader scale where the Lord has designed to ;plaee iiSjand we will be better -- able the repeated attacks lrom our enemies who are striving to ,mako inroads among us, and are making their unrighteous and unlawful as saults upon our rights and oiirreligidn.We v who have been called the weakerYessel3 are now bein g brought to. the front and let us 'show by our earnest works whether or .no we are wicked ami foolish nccusatioM "r;iUod iLgaint :: so innocent and .law. abWiiiiLa people. ; Poirtramv'lm beriv enilediiie "Mormons' pet 'theory.'7 If 'such' is the case it h.n. only ' . - when all went smoothly- - Butsupstn this" part of our religion was done away with, would it meet the ends aimed '.at by these pretended reformers? Jso. The ones who are living in i to-mc- -- . . . i -- -- .. - -- I-lia- v ;c"'7a :iyL--: J Helen Mar WniTEY. FACTORY, E:cje:i. . llop. Tsa Enth a:i 31 of W. H. WA RD, $A L T LAKE CITY, UTAH. 19th , MRS. ROMANIA B. PRATT, lil, 0, OFFICE 13 , Office CODBB,- - FIHS 4 CO S BU1LDISG. hours from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Residence, Twelfth Ward, 24 South Street, bet. 5th. and 6th. East. Special Attention given to Diseases ot the . MISCELLANEOUS. EYE,-EA- The tricycle is rapidly becoming popular among Jbnghsh ladies, and is considered an healthy and fashionable pastime. NOSE AND THROAT, R, OBSTETRICS AND DISEASES OF WOMEN. TeleDhonic Communication between Office and Residencf ex-hilerati- The Crown Princess of Germany has be come patroness of a new institution in --Berlin for the training of married women, and girls as nurses families. 7 TEA. QUEL'S i Ji. T SALT LAKE CITY. Special Departments for Gent's Clothing and Carpeta, Ladies and Children's Bhoes, Dry Good, Shawls and Domestics, Groceries, Hard ware and Stores. .;. i te in-priva- ; " DRIE0FRUITS OF ALL CUSSES WANTED. Happy is the man who can bring: the very atmosphere of heaveruwith him whenever he approaches us .who acts upon our spirits as the May breezes act upon tne first shoots of the tulip and the violet! He is a bountiful giver. lie confers on us light; he beams goodness into oursoulsrher teaches us patience; he showers on us brotherlv kindness; he illustrates he - exhibits the true beauty of meeKness; he sheds hope by his very presence : and his unflinching has often been an - inspiration- - of . valorbravery to our failing ; hearts. iNext to Christ Himself, there is no blessing to the community like a Christ-lik- e Christian. - " . 21 2feh's Socks, Ladies' "and CAildrens' Stockings, Infants Kn ittal Shirts and Shoes, Ladies' and Childrens Hoods, ' le. '.family Knitting done on Reasonable Terms. ' wc : JCNIT-TIN-C' -,: Cs lit W. St.; Sat. made of the riirht material, that can stand the : burning, thereby proving ourselves an .T honor to our Maker. ; -- ' aide-de-cam- p. et" . -- ex-Quc- en ; "offitTa3na,tui;alTdealh polygamy have been excluded from the polls - by the Commissioners, but it seems to have brought them no nearer to the solution of the "problem" .than they were before. There is certainly no mystery in this patriarchal order of marriage,) being Bible doctrine. We are more than willing that our record should be placed side liy side with theirs. Kothing could please us, better than to have this opportunity' of drawing Comparisons, between our. lives and "who seernsopained : those of the pious-sou-ls over the marriage relations of a few "Mormons" inXTtah. But the facts, when simmered down, are contained in this little sentence: They cannot handle the "Mormon" funds. The see are signs and awful judgments-whieh-being poured out upon the proud- - and wicked, nations, show that their cup is full and running' ' over, and it is for us to see that we are not found upon their side. For they trust in their own strength, Goliath like,"But our confidence"-is in the Almighty God, "who, at a beck, can cast down both thorn that come against usyand also all the world." Let the mothers and Hie daughters of Zion whoThave entered into this high and holy order cf marriage, be true to themselves and to their covenants, for if they have done it With pure motives, they will surely experience the divine interposition of the. Almighty in their behalf, and he will avert the" blow; for hath he not many times delivered us out of " ; great troubles? Let us remember that the prayers of the. righteous availeth much. We read of the faith of women anciently. There was Susannah, who cried with a loud voice, and tie Lord heard her and raise4 up the spirit of . Daniel, - who stood up in the midst of the people, who had condemned her to die, and said, "Are ye such fools, ye sons of Israel, that without examination or knowledge of the truth ye have -- condemned a daughter; of Israel? To those ( who are planning against us and "have prounced false judgment and condemned: the innocent and let the guilty go free," it will be said, "Thou hast also lied against thine own head, for the angel of God waiteth with the sword that he may destroy you." ""Let us beware of the tongue of slander, and that we do not bear false witness against- our - neighbor. "Though I have .the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowall faith, so that1! ledge,rand : though could remove mountains and have not charity, : I am nothing;" The Latter-da- y Saints need not- - look for peace, for have we not been told that we were to be tried in the furnace; and the extent of it, I think we have scarcely begun yet to feel, and those who have entered into the sacred and holy order of matrimony thoughtlessly or, treated it as a trifling matter, would do well to repent and seek unto t he Lord u n til thev ob-- " tain a testimony for themselves,' and not'pro- rastinate tie day,Tor."slothfulness casteth into deep sleep, and an idle soul shall suffer Jhun- - - nder tool "moreTdanger . new-one- become so by the immense interest, "which tho; mnear to take m iL'anu the. unmercuui- who are entirely- attacks made' unca ignorant of the prineifle,'aiid . of the motives whicli prompted us to accept7 it The un principled course which the are plirsuing.towards us, compels us to stand in its defence, and they ou,r zeal; we; have taken thei wrong step refer thein to theiiistory.jof past ages ior. proofs whether or no we speak truly. There was far , considerable arrogance "and pray who mar she beLl'.Tho Empress of Austria " was the calm reply." The stranger was the Duke- Maximilian of Bavaria, father of the present Emof Naples, press of Austria and' the The? utter his accompanied by collapse of the millionaire can be imagined. fot-jis-fait- h; Dr. T.L. Cuyler. . DRY GOODS, HEAVY - & NOTI ONS, GROCERIES, SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUEENSWARE, , EW. AGRICULTURAL-IMPIEMENT- S, ELLEN B. FERGUSON, PHYSiGIAN AND SURGEON, Office and Residence on 2d South and 4th East Streets. beliveen 2d -- .. : j Judge Biddles Onxiox. ' WHOLES ALE AND RETAIL DEALE 113 IN Judge 'Horace P. ; Biddle, of the Indiana Supreme Iench, says: ."In. a perfect government every human being that belongs to it should be represented without distinction of age, sex, nationality, color, or condition. .Thelegal status of every -member of the state should be the same, leaving each individual to establish his own mental, moral, social, religious, pecuniary, or any other personal status, according to his desire ability and merit undertlie law. Whenever any per-- ; son is mentally too weak from infancy age, idiocy, lunacy, or any other cause, to exercise the right of, suffrage, it should-b- e done for him by his parents, guardian or whoever has the legal right over his person and property. Such a government may not be practicable nowr perhaps never can be, but the tendency of all the free governments of the earth at the present time is in that direction; and it is the duty of ' every government to approximate such a standard,-anas rapidly as the condition of ' its people will safely allow." has been given to SURGERT, Special Study OF WOMEN, and Diseases of the Can Not a thousand years ago, an enormously wealthy banker" of the "Hebrew persuasion," tivavclling from Munich to Vienna by rail, at length condescended to entetinto conversation . with a carriage companion, and finally went so far as to say, "You seem to be a good sort of a fellow and a gentleman. Look here, I am going to Vienna to see my daughter., who is mar ried there, is awfully rich, and keep3 a tip-to- p .house. I will introduce vou to her." The pleasant stranger thanked him and mentioned that by a eurious coincidence he. too. vras trav. elling to Vienna to gee his daughter. "Your uauguuei, mueeu ; Eaia iqq dew Danger, wita be Called by Telephone Day or Night. Gr Of Home XLade Trunks CUTLEIt, Atent for the for Sale by JOHN C. PROVO WOOLEN J1ILLS, Old also HOME MADE Cotutltntlon Balldlnn Brown Tarns, White Yarns, Colored Yarns, Casglmers, Tweeds, Blankets, tTannels, Shawls, Llnseys, Jeans, .. d ' THROAT AND LUNGS, NOSE, C7 DISEASESX Cotton Battlnjr, Wool Batting, Brooms, Washboards, Brushes, Etc, Etc P. AUERBACH.& BRO. : HAVE TO THEIB HEW STOHE. HAS. 124 4 126 ' CALL AND EXAMINE t Spring and Summer Goods. 2D J"V I ID E 1 S, J-AM- TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. UTAgent tor RUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMPS. Ptnnps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded ta a uh Davki Jamesfoz-SaltLdJCity.- XST-AMr- H. DINWOODEY, WHOLZSiXS AKT BKIAIXi J3XA1X& IS : , FURNITURf!- PillS BEDS, WISE KiTTEESSES FEATBEBS WALL PAPEBS 75, 77, & 79, First South Street SALT LA KB CITY ; 