W OU t "cSS .Tnert & - wi d I hive niriv aiiu ten. "''the. tiae rxtfra ksKle'tili6S :o and Warburtoh and Tate, of Tooele Citvj and I feel it is" duo to tie., brethren and Sfetors who made us so welefcme and took evry pairtfr to forward u :. on oar inissioa! Wherever w- went tbesame kind - spirit prevailed. At th!" close of a tw day? ocofeifcnce at GrantsVille, . -- 7 ' - icre the same w ivtj.njia were neic and myself rude with S&er FredHca Wilson, her husband leaving his work to us; alo Brother Tate. lur secretary, anl Brother andSister Tlale Siter Site k ny iera Slie are wealth, I was - J ' Msociatc; but ,he had . u Sedenbe l.t: mere onM have tnebaintsni Utah , SvSlTV11 riand nn7? ly m wno. nave grown in our mids A Tfor. And, by tho wpahhv t,? I J wow v' ,, u 7 " am AT brightly before the vain eyes of the world, they are priceless, because they have been mod . in the "furnace and provoi, and they have the ' and one gross and malicious falsehoods, manufactured and i i' .i copieu irum on.e ne wspaperr 10 anotner7Ior the sole purpose of. embittering the outside world against this peole, Utah ' and have beautified and made it desirable by i "cii u u i icu iuuui i in ougn years ana oiipil - privation,-which"coul- d never be written, except it be- in the record that-1kcpf- above,-1,- who know them to -- be? false, having- shared in the privations, sorrows and sufferings of this people from the very beginnings and know the purity of their motives, cannot sit and hold my . anlent J t "r? c 5 very excellent b "biCUiarsirom theBishon Rm some, . . who-foun- ded - 3- " ; that those who misrepresent us are peering krogfe gtecn- ' - eyesfrthatrnonster;iviiich has blinded them to every worthy deed, until all our virtues are distorted and made to apin the most hideous forms, and in their pear . v, i i :.i, u m:ui irive- sent commissioners to ugutuuua punish us without trial, regardless of constitu- tion and laws'. Thil people ha here that they ' might be able to enjoy their religion, and help to build up Zion in fulfilment of prophecy, which is considered a very great privilege, and J a right which they could not be persuaded to relinquish; and thousands of the poor are anxiouslv nrn vino- fnr ihn Aor tn .nmn ,rT,nn they can gather up to Zion to dwell with God's people, and: none - who- - are - possessed of one sparuot truth or the sjrint. of. Christ could than in praise of a people who have exhibited such proofs of benevolence and Christian philanthropy towards mankind. More anon, from yours etc., ,t - - ve-gathe- red -- . - . peak-otherwise eertained Kimball spoke a short time, giving good counsel, and also Sister Hunte and ?wo . - books,-Tublisne3"ByBiE-R- .,Sno S&fCOf'als0-Secret, S?creta"es were appointed Sister - ring of the true metal. In reading- of the Sep. 10th, 1883. hookey, and while repast we were charmed by some fine music, made by their little very nicely upon the violin. . ThiVbein4he sixth day we had traveled and meeting be sisters felt obliged to return : forer but onermeeting Wheld in thisacl commencing at two o'clock and till half past four, in which time a Relief Society so ganized:ister Jemima Stookey being3 : umt pmce. 1 - par-takin- adaughter of Ids - s - -s- were very teeble; from In. the meantime a sumptuous meal was prepared, which we had barely time to partake of, tho Bp." and his carriage being in waiting to take Sister Presen- dia Kimball and myself to the depot. It would be useless to undertake' to mention the names of all those whom I formed so pleasant an ac (juaiiitance with in Grantsville, Tooele and; "the other settlements in that S take; but I will sum them up-aamoug themost choice jewels Helen Mar Wiiitjsey. g . homS UiGcSlI S wa agediM- r- whowhere to Bp. Atkinsv t; there wiUhed and anointed, was d of lier m l- been back Vn lono- .smno ot ? told, and a so tlmf to an of Sister Sharp's was also n;pHpterv by Kimball, whose mission seems to be tobless.and comfort the sick and afflicted On our return we filled; another appointment " al . anomtedjhicjo On oiir return from oae of the humble, nf i liiineda . TueEy jnoniiug we started for Pine canyon . a : were used in every settlement.. One remarkable .feature that I noticed wherever we went was the bright and pretty children. We witnessed an excellent performance upon alarge accor-deo- n by a son of their President Sister "Ethpr Benn ion, aged twelve years. We took tea with to more iii, auu m tuewasuieau ume wereireateo TnTne eveii- jnusiCrnich very chtirmingr a still more interesting, meeting was held ing at Sister Sharp's, President of the R. S. of V ernon. 1 will here mention that Sister Kimball and I. were her guests, and the rest of our com pany put up at the Bishop's, who is the nephew of Sister' Sharp. Though we had attended three meetings each day and administered to the sick and were up late every night, still wo blessed. If we had been ministering angels I think there could not have been more love and manifested. Sister 'Sharp, who had l&tely lost a daughter, had met with an accident and was in feeble Jiealth, . She and a voun-sist- er, her relative, desired to" be washed and " -' take nivtfv ftrstonished - " oughTiisTrryalley. ; -- country me. The next morning Sister Kimball, myself and a number of the sisters 'went to administer who was sick. tapnc Attended an intervery esting conference of the Relief Society and loung Ladies in the afternoon, and a very inResting meeting the lady teachers which: . i ine.Lanvon. ih . . nfll llin Hfn.n ....v 1. Leui 10 st0P ftnd (rie of the f" of but rive . - HfZ - :had-increase- where we warofeatly bJessi ud also grati-fie- d by the presoice of- the B&hop and many J other brethren, Sister Kimball and myself were taken to Tooele in company with Sis ten . Tate and Warburton; the latter took me to her home'whcrel was overwhelmed with kindness by her, and also by the other Sister War-- : burton. The moment I entered their door I ielt that I was in though previously we had been grangers to ' each other.' .. .... Sister Kimball was claimed by others of the . sisters, who had long known and loved her a JlillLcr infcel To me a ridn in an rnv carnageJ3 iar more pleasant than the cars, and I could fully appreciate one ,like this over so smooth a road in the 'cool of the evening with a bracing breeze and the lovely perfume irom the wild flowers and the new mown hay which made it most deliVhtfnl tn m h ,;,i been so lpng shut up in the city; 1 enjoyed the whole trip through Rush Valley, it beimr " "" """ new to in uurions in theeveninoafllietcd "'oro "ones were anoint to see -- the washing and anointing ofa sister who was lying very sick, we started for Vernon, where we arrived be'tween twelT and one, whereof nnnrA dinnpr was nrenared. Herft'wfi mpt with the same warm welcome, and it was remarked, ' - that our - meetings in "interest" from the first, and here it eeemed a3 though we had a still "greater flow of the Holy Spirit. Bishop Sharp, with a few other brethren, met with us in conference, and they appeared highly gratified, especially the Bishop, who expressed his pleasure in being visited by 'the sifters, and thankful that he had attended the conference; felt that he had been benefited by hearing their teachings, counsels, etc... -- Vhen this conference was dismissed those of the Primary were on hand, and we were a faindelighted with their swept voices reciting their fine pieces and singing the songs of Ziou which, by the byj were . frOm Primary - : - . ferencejnjheveniii'g,jand next morning-, after retarr, and Sister Hat, President of the Priru- arv Associations of that Stake, and Sister . and. Ielt :U arriving m i ooeje at: ten o'clock, where we first learned the shocking news wf the burning of the Council House, etc., which irave us very 'fad" feelings, and we sat un late'talking ot it and other events which are -r casting their shadows' belore. littit u?: she years r'jnttt' aud her eloeutiou and a acting spoke dialogue, would have done honor to one of maturer years. "We attended the Young Ladies Con: lvnAnnL - - EXP 0 N E NT. ren VongrnredTariour and dialogues and not one ot them was un- ebsgii. say, thoughts led e r'iaiLii?, dq: down lax Jun while ir a vtfliu through Tooele Stake with Sisters Prssendia Kimball, of fcali J .akePresiden t Mary Ann Hunter, oiVGrantsville, Skrf House, her Se : 1 tedllrhariuiii ''the'IVisarydiov i the Peh Id ' proper expression N S At er v&r:&iac .)f it sumntuous meal. which t hey "had, prepared . we adjourned to the meetb house to attend R. S. iiuvting,, then '.OUE.'ISI? THKOUGHvIOOELK.: r.rvnp:cc I .MISCELLANEOUS. A picture of a ruined castl9 on the Rhine, painted by a blind girl, is on exhibition in Pans, and attracts a good deal of attention. . Mrs, Mary A, Livermore has collected in a volume her Lectures on Women, and it will soon published by Lee Shepard; undeT the, title of "What, Shall we do with our .Daughters? Superfluous Women, and other Lectures." , x . ' The man was dust, refined, but the woman double-refineone remove farther earth. The woman was made of a rib, out of the side of Adam, not made out of hia head to top him, nor out of his feet to be tram-- , pled upon by him, but out of his side to be equal with him, under his arm to be and near his. heart to be beloved. protected, MatthmL was dust from, the Menrv. d, , 