W DM A N '8 ' " . of the Clinfcfa. ThHr house to tho Eldrs and to the local Saints and a bomv of .hoHpitalHy. At & place of meeting lit rutlc-Vfrc j' g'tieroiu to ii fault, and willing to and clothe d"ime them ad re atbat Jhr y mij?ht e Wt who . f of alfaTtoli proclaimlng-ththus plan r ; left ScotIn January JlBrcLand81&tfr-GIbso- n land for America on Wrd the fhip George W. Bourne. Their family then eontihted of two torn and two daughter, David, Annie, Jeanctte and William. L Thfy were ten weeks making the voyage acrons the Atlantic. Bro. Gibson had charge of the company ofSaints who came, across at that time. THjr went to St. Louis fir.--1 and remained there a!oat two .yearn, and Bro. Gibson d over that brunch a part of the time. Sister Gib- (.on was like a mother to tho 3'ounger Saints in that branch of the Churchx In May, lSof, while llvfng in St. Louis Sster Gibson hadanotber daughter born, and she named her Cathariao. InMav, IS-Jtho family left to Louis St. gather with the Saints in the Valley; At a Fork, Lonp point xiiot far from the Missouri RiverTthn little cirl bom la St. Louis "died, and of course the had to be buried by the way-side- , which to a tender mother such as Sister Gibson, was a very severe ordeal. Tho family arrived in the valley, and Seated In SaJ t . Lake. :.JDity. . Here Boms., time, .subseouen t. Brother Gibson entered upon the practice of plural marriage, and Sister Gib6on went hand and hand with ber husband sustaining him and acting the part of a i r loyal wi fo and & mother to tho 'younger wives. In no other way could Sister Gibson have so faithfully proved her devotion to the principle as In the noblii-twith which she received to her home and heart tho - wi ves taken in the patriarchal order of marriage. Iu this she displayed that true heroism that elevates tho : women of this Church and places them on a more exalted platform than the women of tho world. In SIsttr Gibson went with har husband on the Mud- -- shVcndured mk&ionrwberedy Tmiclrhardshlpanorx vatlou. At one time thev had their honso and eTcrr. thing in it burned.- - In 1871 Bro. Gibson went on a mis- eion to Philadelphia, while there ha had a stroke of paralysis and Sister Gibson went herself to Philadelphia to bring him home. Her affection for her husband was indeed unselfish. -- For. tho three years following she devoted herself to him night and day as If he bad been a. - child, for he required the same care and attention. In : she went to St. George to do Eomo work In" tiio : Temple, and while there aho attended to the ordinances for tho dead of her ancestry and- that of her husband, which was a great satisfaction and comfort to her. Sister Gibson was an exemplary Latter-da- y Saint, always regular la attendance at meetings and greatly Interested in tho Relief Societies and tho Y. L. M. I. A., taking part in the exercises, ready and willing to tcsti- - fy to the truth at all times when called upon. She was a fire:side teacher. Sh loved to speak of the principles of the Gospel and explain them, to the young or to those in doubt. She was beloved by tho young people of her acquaintance, for sho possessed that adaptability that won their affections, She was, as it was remarked by one of the brethren who spoke at ber funeral, amiable in the highest degree, patient, long pufferlng and kind, tender, forgiving and benevolent. Although sho was a very unassuming person, 6ho was a woman who had read a great deaj and was intellectual in character. Sho was possessed of true Christian charity, which caused ber to overlook weaknesses and encourage tho weak and erring in the. path of right. Her whole soul was in tho Latter-da- y work, and sho departed full 0 zeal, having, been Tevcr ' faithful In all things, in fulfilling duties and responsibilities, even under the" most trying and peculiar circumstances. Sho leaves jnly one daughter, Mrs. Annie G. Sharp, and seven grandchildren to mourn her loss. "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord,yea, from henceforth they rest from their labors and their works do follow them." E. B. W. ' this occasion. Bishop M. M. Merri offered .the dedicator prayer, which seemed, to include every blessing asked that could be dired to be pou red out u poa 1 not on ly those who had adffltMfciSiprindpJea was al ways ojxui Jjfctrn. jrflojstncTi:fet- i- in . - -- buiMin-ati- d- ... WASHAKIE. I " Minutes of the t)rganization of the Primary Association by E. R. 8. S mi th: "We thank Thee 0 God for a Prophet" was sung by the children, after which Sister Snow offered up prayer. The children sang, "In our Lovely Deseret." Sister Fulena H. Zun- dell was chosen President and unanimously sus tained; Eliza Ward and Elmira JBall, asXkun- selors, were unanimously sustained;. Phoebe Zundeil, as secretary, was also unanimously sustained; sister ii addon i. ward was sustained as Treasurer of the Primary Associa tion. Number of names enrolled, 23. Sister Zundell gave eut notice of the next on Wednesday at four meeting, to be held : o'clock. v.: The congregation sang."0 my Father,'- - and the benediction was pronounced by Elder s . . AI-phon- II. Snow. " ' " " so P. Zundell, " Secretary. . . JUAB PRIMARY. A report of the Conferenoe ofjho Primary "Association of Juab Stake The Co. of Conference held Juab their Primary Seventeenth Quarterly Conference on Saturday a.m., June 24th, in the meeting house. The meeting was called to order by Stake President, Hannah Grover. Singing. Prayer by President Paxman. Singing," "Great is the Lord." Then the legal transactions were gone through with satisfactorily. Associations composing the conference were represented by their. respective presidents. Each showed that the generality of the young people are alive to their religious duties, and are endeavoring to serve God according to the best knowledge they possess. A portion of the remaining time was occu-- ' pied by some of the members of the Primary in an interesting and pleasant manner, Afer songs, recitations, etc. of the exercises some, of the elder people who were present addressed those gathered. Each spoke of the noticeable improvement of the of-Zio- The-diflere- n. . on s; myren3kngingt0LlhePriraary Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY-REPORTS. RICHMOND. Bear Editor: "Vi On JunT4tn we held our Annual Meeting; we convened in our new Relief Society Meeting House, which was abo dedicated at the same time. Many of tho brethren nfet with iw on . Associa- In the conclusion of their remarks tho speakers exhorted them to payattention to tho tions. instructions and to treasure up the knowledge them by their able presidents, as the fiven thus gained would be of great use to them in after years. J After spending a pleasant time tho meeting was closed by the choir singing an anthem. Bishop Warner offered the benediction. Jj, Addle Sciiofield, Stake Sttcyatajf. BY IfANXAII T. KIN'G. 1847, the pioneers entered upon tie site where . now stands the beautiful City of Salt Lake, named by the great histor- July 24th, ian, Burton, "The City of the Saints." Bat it is July 24th, 1883, that I wish to make palpable in a few thoughts that floated through my mind while witnessing the celebration of that day in the great Tabernacle, a day never.to be forgotten by young or old while memory holds her seat; I wish I could do ample justice to the subject, but I feel that I can but express a moiety of all that pa:s.sed through ray mind on that day while sitting as a unit among many thonsands that had congregated therein to. take part in or witness the performance. It was a day especially for the exhibition of the children, and I can say with truth they formed a iuvenilo crowd thnr. rw of;rt- might be proud of healthv. harmv and mriaf intelligent; youth itselt is beauty, therefore, of course, it largely preponderated. 1,100 children varying from - six to twelve must .be exceedingly well trained to preserve order throughout, but such was the case to a marvelous degree; their musical education has been under the training of Brother Evan Stephens, and they demonstrated that it had been both careful and laborious, he has indeed performed a labor of love; and he must love labor to have been enabledcomplishas we were charmed to witness on the 24th; the children not only performed the mechanical part well, but they evidently felt the music ot" the soul throughout. I saw many little feet beating exact time, as' they had been taught to do, and their flags (for each child held, a small star spangled banner) seemed devoted to the same office: ovprv nW " wa-s- admirably executed,-and must"havo i 1 f tnniiea tne soul ot tue Master, who of course held the baton. Brother Evan Stephens has shown himself a public -- benefactor to the. children of the Latter-da- y Saint?; the cultivation of music, like all the fine arts, is a refining, elevating science; a soul devoted to music, and living in the cultivation of it, must live and breathe an atmosphere of purity and of soul that no language could portray. Brother Stephens has introduced our children into this heavenly studio; he has given them a taste of the grand and th- e- beautiful," has called out the faculty that lay dormant within them and which I trust will never be allowed to die or even fade from out their souls; for music cheers and soothes those who-lov- e it is nothing else can; thero is a Ijeavenliness about it that speaks to our spirit of the Great Creator! I watched those children closely, and I felt I could distinguish in them, young as they were, an appreciation of their kind and indefatigable music-masteand I trust ' i they will never forgetjiira, but remember him in days to come, a one who struck "the Harp that the beneficent 1 strings," Creator has placed in every human heart in a greater or lesser deerree: remember ilmt.v U w awakened this in their young hearts, never I trust to sleep again; he has strung the chords to a harmoniouirtensiorrrandhToupli nil m. mg Jifo its roohan ctrains will never cease to vi brate, but bo as a lamp burning eternally on their heart and brain, nreservinc them fmm everything that is low and grovelling. God bless and reward Brother' Evan Stenh PT19 nnH his life be preserved ' to carrv out. hi mh. may r ' .1 r, . tion among me matter-na- y caints. Then came the representatives of nations in costume, and this must have been a work of somo of tho dresses were most elaborate and wstly; lkabeth and Leicester, Napoleon - . " 1 1 I . 1 y m- - r, , K . RE F L IXTI rj$A. j' ele-rati- nt the-conclusi- THE 24TH OF JULY, 1833, A K IJ CO y'H EQ U K NT - , r - ito rendered aid; but all the surroundings tnereof. The brethren praised our efforts and bid us be united, thanked us for our aid in helping thc poor and visiting the sick, and for even' good word and work, that we should and had performed. The financial report was Tread and found to be satisfactory; inasmuch as we have a building .and appurtanances thereto. "wro7trT"ST,S0(JranI our indebtedness on tho "same something over $200, which we are now trying to liquidate as fast as possible; besides striving to fulfil our duty as helps to the needy. President Merrill with -- her counselors, ever desires the welfare of our valuable Woman's, exponent. Please accept .our kind regards, Wc remain, yours in the Gospel, A. J. Merrill, President, " ' JJ. Brower, Secretary; : July 22nd, 1883. prc-t-ide- 17 : j . y EX P ONE NT. . . ' la-b- or on 