W0 Randolph 15th and 16th of September; all are cordially invited to attend. Choir eang anTanlh ; broken up so often.' We hold our meetings once a month; as regular! y Tas circumstances will permit, at which we read the Exponent and other church works, striving to render them a source of benefit and - mutual im- - " After an absence of ten years I find myself again in the promising City of Logan: Promi-- : nent among the edifices erected since-m- y last visit are the magnificent Temple and the ele- gant and commodious Tabernacle, in which bbath meetings are Jield.. On Monday last Su : we bad the privilege ot going through the Temple, and as it was my first opportunity ot visiting a building of this character you may judge of my feelings in viewing the elegant proportions of this' house of God. The workmanthe material, b of exship, as well as - cellent kind.- Great care is taken to have every thingjrjperlydone. should I DartifrtilariA It would not be in favor of any class of workmen, as air the departments show skill and faithfulness of execution. The Plaster-of-Pari- s work -t- hough deserves aedaLmeiiiioii,as-it tends to beautiiy the structure, lhe center pieces ; of thtsmaterial are being done by a Utah boy, and display much taste and skill ia design and' execution.; The Utah material for this purpose is much whiter and finer than that which is imported from the east, hence is used in their construction, as also in the ether work. Those who have assisted by their means Jn rearing this beautiful structure will be blessed-- in a day to come, and many will rejoice that they have subscribed their names ino great a cause. A nickle fund, established by President , Moses Thatcher-som- e years azo, ha3 accumu-- " 4 H sm. a a f lflfalrtiroii ,i uunaro jlowarusinc juw.u v i V building. Thus the young are privileged to uqu ti mvn ..wmu in Luis nouie worK. One little fellow a short time since asked the privilege of going up to see the building, but was torn ne could not, as it was against the rules, and he might fall and hurt himself, but he replied. "I've paid my nickle every Sunday and I've got an interest .in this Temple, and I think I ought tobe allowed to go up." So they let him go. It is hard to restrain those who help to build, the temples, when they desire auu ib ia wun amerent wY,"v6v' feelings that those draw near who fail An their share in the great1 work. It will about $25,000 vet to eomnlefA tW require which has already cost over half a million; bnt this will soon bo feels interested. In passing through the rooms 7 the account given me of the Nauvoo Temnle by my lather came vividly to my mind,:(I-thoug- h I was quite a child when I heard the description from ray father's lips, but very plea ing recollections concerning the Temple, from which our Jathers were driven, were inspired as I gazed upon ,the inner of this more beauty modern structure, and the peaceful influence -- . so-muc- h- 1 1 1 I -muuottuu -- -- Tola ine heart ; p.v.vi.uv,.umiumg,iuis with unbounded joy and gratitude to God for the Gospel privileges granted to us. Other matters, on which I desire to write, must ho deferred till another tin- - E. Logan, July 27th, 1883. M. Stayner. Moan Corpy Ward, Yavapai Co., Arizona editor woman s Exponent: :Pfrhfln3 afVur l!noo ? i . i . it":l una lsumieu of interest to the readers of piaca may your valuable paper. As a Relief Sooiety we are doing the best we can under the circumstances- - r C be . A.- - 47 nt r provement. A t a meeting of the society held November 21st, 1882, Elizabeth D, Gardner, on account of failing health, resigned her position as first Counselor to the President..- - She wa3 honorably released by vote and Mary A. Farns-wort- h Jehosen in the same manner to fill the vacancy thus created. Annie D. Farnsworth was appointed to act as secretary with the former one as her assistant for the present. ; A pleasant little affair took place here a few dayr agoiOhTshape of a surprise party given" ' - . " 'iit'- n amed "Elizabeth"D." Gardner, who has returned to southern Utah to visit her friends and benefit her health. Members ofJhe Relief Society accompanied by the Bishop and other brethren repaired to her house the evening previous to her departure. A' dress pattern with a number of other small gifts were presented with appropriate v chief Home with him that he might have proper care and nourishment; he remained two weeks, at the end of which time ho was able to return to his home on the reservation. ., As poon as he was gone four of our little children were smitten down with what appeared to be the same dread ful disease with which he suf fered. One of the number, a little bov of ex ceedine great faith, was healed almost instant ly after one week's illness by the laying on of hands. The other three were brought very low, the fever remaining with them six weeks. But they are all well now and the general health of the people is good. -- dnr "Protrtnrr- - e the-bon- re--ma- on -- - - r T. A. X JUKI the same, . A A XAJBoL C- I- OeC. F. M. A. - LETTER FROM OHIO. Editor Exponent: Dear friend, it seems like a very long while since I have enjoyed the privilege of writing to you; a severe attack of asthma and house- er, - of-th- rnn Expo-yENT- the-winf- to-leav- V1 aaa , P. S. We greatly appreciate the and desire to nenew our subscription to - There has been a great deal of sickness among the Indians in this vicinity duriug and many have died. We have also had considerable sickness among our children, but through the blessings of our Heavenly Father and the power of the Holy Priesthood their lives have all been spared thus far, though some of them were brought very near death's door. There were two cases of sickness among the Piute Indians of which I will make particular mention. The one, a youag man, came to our house very sick; he had previously been bap- '"tized and desired to be aaministered to forjiis health. The brethren when they laid their hands upon his head were impressed by the Spirit that he would pass away. They ordained him an Elder. One of them offered to take him home and care fur him, bnt he seemed to prefer his own mode of living and soon returned to his wigwam among the sandhills. A few days subsequently Brother C L. Christensen, who is an Indian interpreter, started to attend the Stake Quarterly Conference at Sunset. He called at the Indian camp and found the sick man to all appearances much better, he expressed himself as being free from pain,? and seemed very cheerful and happy. Brother Christensen was absent about ten days, and on his return called again,1 but found the camp ground deserted, and that they had had a very large fire just previous near Which Jay a portion of aiiorse; by raking among the ashe3 he discovered : what appeared to be es of a human being; the truth flashed upon his mind in a moment. The Indian had died; they had burned his body and killed his horse and a number of other animals to accompany him to the spirit world, according to their tradition, an Expense which they could ill afford for they are very poor. The brethren are laboring diligently to teach them the fallacy of all such traditions. Case No. two was that of their chief, an old fA to advance the cause ofZion, we remain, Your sisters in the Gospel, w- Annie D. Farnsworth, Sec. - remarks, which were affectionately responded toby the recipient. Owing to her delicate state of health no other exercises were in- dulged in except music, vocal and instrumental. After wishing the aged and respected lady a pleasant journey and a safe return all withdrew, feeling that in blessing they had' been blessed. after suffering they did; hearose immediately from his bed arid requested baptismiat their hands.. Nineteen of his tribe followed him into the waters at this time and a number have been baptized aince. Bishop Farnsworth brought the old , i n bono r of-- the- - abo ve iL terribly for a number of days he sent for the will soon have to give her up entirely for she also will move away in a few months. It is rather disceuraging to us as a society to be CORRESPONDENCE. -nvr- IP ONE NT. Iiab3tih3st3" ' Elizabeth Pugmire. Secretary. Julia Budge, Asst. Secretary. Editor Exponent: B our numbers have again been reduced nearly hal by those who h&vr.$vfA away in search tCver it)catit)hs. ' uvlt VfesidentJiaa ben; " ewakefaafe, MAN'S hold duties has prevented me. Now I should like to tell "Si3ter Eliza , as you all lovingly call Sirs. E. II. Snow, that her favor wa3 a great pleasure to me. I alsoiwas made happier By the lines of love from Mrs. Crocheron. And to the two Sisters who addressed me through the Exponent of April 1st. T wish to say, most assuredly I believe there is a God. The heavens declare the glory of God; the firmament sheweth His handiwork. It is Mrs. Welby, I think, who says, ; '0, who cao lift above a careless look, While nch bright scenes as the? his bairt engage, . And doubt, while reading from so fair a book, ,That Cfbd'a own finger traced the glowing pago, Or deem the radiance of yon blue expanse - With all its shining hosts, the cire!eis work of chince." Yes, dear sisters,! believe in God. You say then that I must, if I believe in Him, keep his commandments: andvou auote from Scrintunv "Repent and be baptized etc" I can almost say, in regard to the commandments of the New Testament, "All these things have I observed from my youth." The Rev. A. Alexander in his "Evidences of Christianity says that, "Manas so constituted that he mnst have, some sort of religion." That he has a "natural propensity to pa ious homage to some object visible or invisible." I believe he is right, in the assertion, and feel that as I drift into the sea of unbelief I am unhappy. I do not dare, nor wish to be so pre sumptuous as to try to stand alone religiously, yet cannot find any church or persons who be lieve just as I do." The Catholics are zealous, and, from what I have heard, their priests good Scriptural : doctrine, but their f)reachdoes not seem to eflfect their every day dealings. They can get drunk, sell liquor, swear and do any and everything yet be zealous, good Catholics; they openly violate the : plainest laws ot tne state-o- r tjorporation. A zealous member of auy ;protestant church is, by reason of bis religion, a good citizen, a good neighbor and upright in his or her business transactions; but, to be a Methodist, a ijaptist, rrespyienan or 4Jiornion, i must be- -- ing, ins -- ! . - 