WO MAN'S. E X P 0 N EN 110 T . our hearts; He heirs oar pravers and knowsair4iO)e8. He has preserved us in the past; He will do fo in the future. He also knows what cur enemies are s, doing. He krio.sra 'their. plana and e;ret c and He will reward them according to y will their deads of darkness, aud some te'fof rata who ecu Id compel themJodoBc?L am surprised that awocian , should hate such limited know; edge of the nature and disposition cfiitneYBs Mm. Newman ehowa by her Women know ai ell a 3 nun thnt the Gpel 0 Jtfiua Christ ia true, and having this kncwKid (hey are just as anxious t practice the principles of righteousness as the men are. Womtn very frequently declina to marry ' good , eteady, single young men and marry one who the deeire ,car-jnDJlngsra- re-ra-- k?. Ann in-eac- find themselves outside the jgatcs of the "city,"; among those, who "love and make a lie;" while the despised and persecuted Mormons will have annherrtance-wltrr- t her a pestles an cTpatr iarchisT of old, with Jesus Christ as their King. Bsa44it4blawn.JfMr8i3 h - E. Teasdale, M. Nephi, Dac. 11th, 1SS3. k, Support theni and educatelhelr" does ehe call that children; what ' he where men enly have mistresses in secret, and do not own their children, but ca9t ' them off. She didn't ssy- any thing about the 7 thousands of women who are betrayed every year in "the world, where the one wife system prevails. . KEFLEOriONS. world practice, acknowledge one wife, but which-t- - Nor did ehe epeak of the multltaJe of children who are raiherless, made so by the corruption of their paients, who throng the streets of the great cities of the East. How much "love, ten4 derness and care" is iavifhed upon those ragged, half-stayed. little waifa who get a Jiving by fitcaling, begging, or by any way except hones r believe i a obeying the first great com- - rr and that God gave to manrnulti ply-an- d the earth, and we, unlike some Christian Jidies, do not employ any unlawful means to prevent having offspring. We look upon children as a great blessing, as a heritage from God end no Latter-daSaint Js satisfied to live in a childless home. We are taught that children come from the presence of God our Father, and that it is a privilege to have a body and gain an experience on the earth. We also believs that theIrjprlj8jwilJjeturn tq God If they keep Hfcj laws while on the earth. Bslieving this, how is it reasonable to eay that we have no affection for cur children. They are the light and Joy of the houtehold, tbey are the future hope of Isra. e 1. They are all well provided for with every . re--"pit- cish y thing that love can suggest.. Loving parents and teachers spare no pains to instil into their - youthful minds principles that if practiced will make them good men and women in thid life and exalt them in the presence of God. j fcnow that this Is true. I have been born and raised in this Church. l ean testify that .1 have never been taught to do wrong, but all my Inetruc-tloE- S have been to be honest, truthful, virtuous kind and obedient, to treat others as I would' like to be treated. When children are disobedient and take a courle that leads them into tin 1 parents know no keener sorrow. Mrs. Newman says hundreds of children attend the Christian school, and hundreds mDro would" aaojtatiz hm ana a saeuer were tirrivi,iCi ! me Who has provided a shelter for those who have already dared to apostatise? Do they not remain in our midst without being molested? Let our Christian friends provide a shelter and give those who are afraid an opportunity to flee from us, for if there are any of that class among us they are welcome to "fle?, for we want no "cowards In our band who will their colors fly. ' The Latter-da- y Saints know no fear, enly the fear cf displeasing God. They are like Lord Nelson was when a child, when his grandmoth-e- r told him she thought fear would drive him home he said, " What is fear, Inever saw lt. We do not fear what the wicked say about uV We know It ia false. Oar Heavenly Father knows It la false. He knows our t -- -- out-golng- s, . Do you think we would be prepared for the coming of our Savior to earth if we adhered to the proposal cf the Rev. Henry Ward Beecher? For me I should rather accept' the message of the angel to the Prophet Joseph, who requires all to strictly observe and keep the commands of Jesus, whfch He gave when He dwelt upon the earth. Tosuch He gives a portion of His Spirit that the eame results "will follow in accordance with their faith. Thousands.know this for themselves but not for anoLhor. But oh I the power pursuits have to obJitcr ate thete truths if we neglect to be faithful in thanking Him for these blessings and ask divine aid in the future. A thrill of j:y took possession of my mind hearing the recital of the three watchmen who aaw the beautiful phenomenon, Nov.20;h, at about half pass five in the morning. It seems the light was of a beautiful pinkish hue, which moved to Ensign Pak and rested upon Its top ilf teen minutes, then loomed up in to the heavens about one hundred feet, where it remained until sun rise dispersed it from view. I think it is a good omen.: I always look upon Ensign Peak as a sscred spoi, cr at least will tv go," when the flag of eve y nation will be unfurled to the breize, welcoming ail nations to the Kingthat-world- ly " up----- on dom of God, for He "All who will come, tsy, my come and drink of the waters of life free-lYou will find the testimony of these gentle, men In the Evening News of November 21 tnrtr 100 i. ' K b., x. L. M. : ; M. E. K. I A. AND PRIMARY BRANCH BELIEF SOCIETY, LONDON. Bythe emigration of the' late President: Elizabeth Young and one of her Counselors usan Witpm, itbecamenecessary-th- at this Bociety should be reorganized, President Gar- th' 9nfence President, nfed PSltlon of EHXf aJX' afiairs-an- d Jii IK tfeHronSunda a of the The Slowing E ders present and assisted Elder Picked viz. Elders Clawson and DennW , society was effected. PrILWH I itEPUKTS. THE WHITECHAPEL : 1 r- Cl0Se 6 aflerno Garner made a few remarks relativf to the proceeding about to take place IW followed with abrief buUn structive address approDriate to the occasion. He said K;at, OUR TRAVELS BEYOND THE iMlSSISSIPPI. " BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. Wednesday, 4th, we remained in our. tents. Early that morning the band came and played l'or the benefit of President Young and brethren. In the afternoon, they having received an invitation from the people of Farmi hgton to play, went after obtaining the mind of the T President, where John Kay, our favorite song. &ter, sang one of his bestr "The sea, the sea." They were treated. with the greatest respect "and kindness, and given an excellent supper at the Gait House, and afterwards escorted a mile towards the camp. My husband and brother William accompanied the band, and according to the former record , they "returned Uo camp about 9 p.m. This day Bishop Miller left camp and went ahead to seek a new place. Brother Kimball's family and our own all continue1 well, hearty and in good spirits." The following little incident "occurred in the early part of our iournev. Two or mnrp nf father's young wives were walking behind the wagons when night overtook them and the wagons being out of sight, and, not daring tc proceed alone, they stopped at a farm house where they were kept all night and treated to . the best the house afforded. The nicest room had to their belonging they only son was given them to sleep in, and after breakfast he escorted them to the camD. which thmicrh hnt a little distance off was hidden under a high hill to the left of the road. Father had cautioned his wives and folks about lingering be hind,and this had a tendency to make them remember it. My husband wrote, "Thursday, 5th, struck our tents about ten a.m. had not proceeded, more than ten or fifteen rods when the ailetree of one of father's wagons was broken, inconse. quence had to leave it behind and put the load on our other wagons. I went two miles ahead on horseback to a little place called lnapjirte at this place we crossed the Des Moines; River and camped after going a short distance, having made only three miles this day.' I then proceeded two miles further to Bro. Kimball's several others, includ- encampment, who with . . Jl inn. me axuuery, naa Btopt on the open prai . y' " 4 continue to act as Secretary. Thi was seconded case, put to the vote and carried unanimously.; Sister Mary Garner was set apart under the hands of PrestfE. H. Nye Sister Waterfall under the hahd of Elder PiC- ket, and Sister Gill under tlAi hands of Elder Clawson, Sister H. Heath not being present ' Prest. II. Garner said It gare him satis great - faetion and eyea- joy that- - thoeveral names b mi tted had receieved the en ti ra api lie lad su Pres't. proval of Nye and the rest of the breth-reu- . He then uroDosed that the Rnnlo, tu... ganizetLshou Id hold -- their first m ri ni?r-a28th, seconded by A...II.-Clarcarried unani-- ' " inously,. . . Alkxandep. K. Clark,--. Branch Secretary. day-the- thfyhavtj the rJght to marry the man cf their choice, End If tbfy chocse to marry a mm who already has a wife they think it is nobody's bus tcrfaliand Ilarrkt Heath; Counselors; Sister Gill to - mbi-nation- -- JjasJamJuy dent of the Relief Society; Sisters- - Mary Wa of " , 1 ' 1 rie. After having struck our tenta "Friday, 6th. ' Bro: Kimball and familf I vomAimand proceeded about six miles to Indian Creek, where we arrived at two:p.m., and took up our quarters for the , mVht thev having made cjguu xuiico very Daa muaay going. 'SatUrdaV. 7th "Rnfnra etari'inrr ihU moril Went On. WaitPfl till-nn- r fnllra m-u-ay ing a man living in the neighborhood, four miles sOuthTof Keosauqua, name of by-th- e T11 n PQ mck 4 r An A r A aim f.A ft .yoke of father's oxen, saying that they had ; Dtrayeaor oeen stolen tromhim three yc ' 