UfflAfl'a 0GOD! 8AVK THE BAND. grpart-ofthigwabicliiav- - ! X ., tho trumpets eound loud and clari'netts as one, It jUd the piccolos keep tlma to the beat of the drum; the trombone's deep tones echo wild through tha "i f land ; To the ppirlt of lore of, God savo the Band ! Let cornopean's soft notes In unison' be heard, jUd bujl s add strength to the praise of the Lord, in splendor with colors so grand, let tWa the tune of, God save the Band ! , forth to. March ' ; j . ; W ask that the Twelva may regard ns jn .hyp, And lead us to play with the Band that's above, Where-- , Joseph and Ilyrum forever will stand And join the rich strains of, God save the Band I IUCU1. Ged l OH GOD SAVE NAUVOO. When we pray foi all blessings to equally flow, For the gathering and kingdom of Christ here below, For the good of all people, the Mormon and Jew, . Fora more perfcctunlon - we'll pray without ceasing . O God save Nauvoo. When you pray for bid Israel, now scattered afar, For the nations and kingdoms degraded bylear, For the world in its blindness and wickedness too, For redemption as promised, then pray without doubt- .. in- g- " TBXSEtDIA. LATnROP KIMBALL. Continued. well as men that, It is true of women as we reverence greatness in those who lived in former ages, while we pass by the virtues and heroism of those around us without notice. "The past is hallowed, to be sure, and we do well to revere the great and' good who have lived and labored in - former times, but it is also right and proper to ren der honor and the praise where ever it is due to merit; and this in do a Latter-da- y Saint3 should be able to is good to way that need not be offensive. It feel that one's labors are appreciated, althongh the glory of all efforts made to build up Zion belongs to the Lord, and should be given I II . n TTYI - Sister Presendia has been a woman of great integrity of character and capable oi intense with spiritual force, from her first connection the'' Church, consequently manifestations ot power to her through the gifts of tongues, of tongues and visions has been quite have been, remarkable. These blessings ofscattered over the interval - time from her and have up to the present coming to Kirtland , hplJVa,-fK.r with exemplary patience inter-pretati- anctheroia fortitudeinanyjtr -- through darV - waII -- eventful. half - cen?he has had to pass in this since she tury, for it is now nearly fifty years It not first believed in the true Gospel. to dwell qt nor would it he wise j possible, " 1 : XXX JLiAaUgO -- the on unaerstana tne mina -- Mormondom." J 1839. March 15th, "Liberty Jail, v .. Sister: "Rpflr "My heart rejoiced at the friendship you maniiesteu in requesuug w wave tumwoauuu man, with us; but the jailer is a very-jealoto get for fear some one will have tools for us. mob the of the eye out with. He ia under he grants is life at stakeif his continuallylid TTa will not let UO auj ;niuvvi with any one alone. , to see to be us for would "0! what a joy-iour friends. - It would have gladdened my heart, to have had the privilege of coming with you; but the hand of tyranny is upon us; but thanks be to God it cannot last always; and He- that sitteth in the heavens will laugh at their-cometh. calamity and mock when their fear "We feel, dear sister, that our' bondage is not of long duration. I trust that I shall have the chance to give such instructions as have been communicated to U3 before long; and as from U3 and also you wanted some instruction to giveus some information, and administer some consolation to us, and to find out what is the -- best for you to do, I think that many of brethren, if they will be pretty still, can stay in. this country until the indignation is over, and passed. But I think it will be better for Bro. Buell to leave and go with the, rest of. the brethren, if he keeps the faith, and at any the Spiritconcerning .. Wo fnrtlina sneaketh I him. I want him and you to know that 1 am H .... your true friend. "I was glad to see you. No tongue can tell what inexpressible joy it gives -a man to mo "theTfacb' of one who ha3 been a friendr after a having been inclosed in the "walls jof prison "seems me to my heart for five months. It will always be more tender after thi3 than it was before. erse " t - : JL ' V viU3vU JUJ Ul J LUk I tne ancients. H or my 01 ra if I had not suffered the wrongs which I do 1 -- T iiiiciix tiuai parthirik-IveToiildhavefel- ,.., arrived at us-conv- llt-- JJVtUjV u.ixw ujr oigut ouu uub uy laiLIt will Our trouble only give U3 that knowledge to the jail we found a outside inside and the door. We heavy guard were watched very closely, lest we should leave tools to help the prisoners escape." took dinner with the brethren in prison; they were much pleased to see the faces of true friends; but I cannot describe my feelings on seeing that man of God there confined in such a trying time for the Saint3, when his counsel was so much needed. And we were obliged to leave' them in "that horrid prison, surrounded by a wicked mob." "While in prison, the brethren were presented with human flesh to eat. My brother Wm. Huntington tasted "before the word could be passed from Joseph to him. It was the flesh r of a colored man." "After my second visit to the prison with Frederick G. Williams, the prophet addressed to me the following letter." "This letter I have preserved as a precious wompntn fparPT far than pold. It was PubV lished for the first time in the 'Women of we 1UJ Church, giving the adversary more power uyci us A VENERABLE WOMAN. r . save Jsauvoo. TOicn you pray for your foes, both without and withlin For the captive in prison, the exile in sin, "When you enter your closet as" Christ told you to, And ask of the Father, then pray in the Spirit ' " " O God save Nauvoo. To be Continued. l. . "r bXXX -- ; O God . ' II 1 -- - "When save the Bond, in fall chorus we'll join, And pray that one spirits with Thine may combine; And all that is rvil we'll ever withstand . And pray without ceasing, O God ! save the Band 0 ? v., " 1 ' "My heart bleeds continually when I content plate the distress of the Church. O. that 1 could be with them! -- 1 would not shrink - at toil and hardship to render them comfort and consolation. I want the blessing once more to "lift- - my voice in the midst of the Saints; I would pour out mv soul to God for their - instruction. It ha3 been the plan of the devil to hamper and distress me from the beginning, to keep me from explaining myself to them. ' and I never have had the opportunity to. give,, them the plan that God has revealed to me, Manv have run without bein? sent.rrvino-- . - eare the Baud from affliction and wo?, From sorrow and death, and all of their fofa; L j3 concert to lire whila on earth they shall stand,-And join In the chorus of, God cave the Band ' ; . cuiuiuueu, ana not a myth: The irunh'ncrfnnq rPfnA Mrrand Mrs. Buell- also went up with the. Saints and settled in Washington township, jjxu. xucjr were uviug at mat piace vuseun Hnn inH nrprnrprr ""cu Ui ltvio wnen in sister rresendia Ijwauueu iiirjeriy jan, visited them on" two difierent"bccasion3. Wm. Huntington, the brother of Presendia,- - was one who, was with the Prophet in that dreadful prison. Sister Presendia gives the following account of her visits, which have only once been published in the Women of Mormon-dom:- " "In the month of Februarv. 1839. mv father, with Heber 0. Kimball and Alanson miplev. came and staved over nit?ht with us. on theirway to visit the Prophet and brethren TDrLiberty jailr- -I was invited to go with' r t: . plJ Jit ... 147 elaborate upon incidents of "this kind; those je have given are Sufficient to show that such Jaa wboea liart are ulloaft- "0 "Qod f iaT with mutlcand gong j0 joond forth thy pralseain raarchea to 'grand ,' xo ioand forth tbjpralars t&Ttweet tones of,"God tare the Band I And OOod r 0 N EN T . ISA for good to them that love God. "Beloved sister, we see that perilous times have truly come and the things which we have so - long expected have at last began to usher in; but when you' see the, fig. tree begin w pub iuilu lus icavca, yuu may auuvv.iuai. uic . summerjiiugli-atJiand- . "There will he a short work on the earth; it has now commenced, suppose there wilt soon be perplexity all over the earth. Do not let our hearts iamt when these things come upon us, for they must come or the.word can-hbe fulfilled. I know that something will x x i uuuu xi am up ii' tuw geuerauuu 10 uih.u piuue see what they have been doing, and that their fathers havainheritedHesandth.e vhave been led captive bv the devil profit. But .do..-Dnot have o they know not "what they towards any son or any feeling of enmity believe shall be let ot Adam. I I daughter out of their hands some way or other, and ma a i nnr in n trn it win r l ot - to-n- e o t- only stand still and see the salvation of God. He must do his own work or it must fall to the ground. We must not take it in our hands to avenge our wrongs. "Vengance is mine, saith the Lord: I will repay. l have no tears; l ofonrl 'nrt rlpnl.li. drd hpinfr mv fiplnpr. "I wanted to communicate something and I J wrote this. Write to us if you canw ' . J DillTHrJ B. J This letter to bister iresenaia win be reaa . "c. f ..m'kad ti )T X 5 . w n f oippct Iw flip.. : Rainta. flinrl nil j A. people must admire the simplicity of expres- sion ana nuuiuii bu kiikiij iu umiuuu with the character of a true prophet of God, and so unlike a false prophet or teacher. A , prisoner in the hands or at the mercy of a mob who hungered ! or the blood of the Saints, h'i3 people that he loved better than his own life, deprived ofJhis counsel under the most trying circumstances, persecutions on every hand, yet how nobly he speaks in his letter, how grand and lofty the sentiments therein set . forth!.. .1.. : To be Continued , - you wisn success iu lut? iuaiv.pei severance your bosom friend, experience your brother. wise counselor, caution your-elde- rand hope your guarcuon. It David Davis with a question as formidable as that laxcvpr Intel v aDDroached less than might Senator's physiquer-nothi- ng he pay attention to a young lady of wealth, Mr. Davis' ward. The decision was reserved na irtllnnrs riiir - L .1ltt rV, n vonriororl i' - it COn ivi, oinp1 n. irrm idable hintf I cannot m ve my con- you are pour uuu ueuusent, -- V Mi not-beca- V U6U-il.xiu- Vi use are in the - habitof - incurring needless debts,: without knowing or caring how ypu are to " pay them." - 