t, i .., - ..- ' " '" ?' - .. w ' : ' M jOT43 which had Mn of Mcolated wi t h t W h tr, ,xx to the ef of ti ,! rlvM' from the ha KH hrlpbl l'LTw?fil, ar-- ihitiked rTta!n1v l'f n a great it ' V . i,:Rf (l n tki and md I aal Uat R :fnfriefr' 'rt' ;' i.,.U.at judgment .lASj Hi-sho- eh l -- - ,iv - w, - " - t - - r ir4i T I A --- .ijhair-awtt,-- --- iZZm . - -- r. Uy-W- - . . 1 "' il i' : teCtT W nloSllgicApwI'DW, at the ItUTK ii uJ tao admin-.j.tMl- tf UoglJwhere. tueorainancts fAr them. ul4 U exerc!d Jhe '' Presi-CenAii- U ih Unity CJutT had made '.great effort and contributed liberally, respect, i. e., uhjW4 ii v jkoiforcmoit There had been many other .kin, tbe Ui tAp t'..- - in-titut- lm ln-tha- t . ., iv., ; - . t I A Urge and imill doaiticas. a Bister M. labella Horne made fowremarka, arid a lied, Sifter Elhu expressed her feelings cn the nubjeit. She rtalize-l- taat many of the from the patUati had received great blessings lord through fas ting and the laying on of haridj. stated to the meeting T Dr. F.Ivira S. rirney the sisters to the propSliIca she had made teach Vcla&a in obHeUIcjnatpmyiand.physl-- A ovT" TaTtTfheTffect that she would give the tecnlnflf free, anu enjy receive uaie icuiuu- eraii:a for rcom and other services rendered. The students must find their own provisions, but a cxk would be furnished to prepare the meals, also to do the washing for the class, . Sfater Barney made other explanations in detail.-- . Sister Jane 8. Richards of Ogden said she was pleased with Dr. Bsrney'a proposition, thnugnt-- jt a yer liberal, one, thought it essential we ih.oul.l have more e.ffic!ent nursea and competent through the country settle" . the .... . b i'.ircu'.iTc IS TACHiHif , t Purgkns the' lie V'aiUn? t roari: Dr. -- . -:- V,:'iLAA t ' i , v.,i - -x A - A. A: - ' "A v 4 sf ' t:c A lit; JU.- - av a - Ital, ts; f'iBii5a t , .?f?"t. . A r rj5?y ca I'a' e .a H I.j, ; : II,' Ycud?'; rte, ilira Af n. ti:;a4'ivif a ltf jAi!ifilJi'i5cn'"'' trljjasffd m ittstat'rrurect:; 1. 'J'.B. ftitt vas ary i aU B-rBitlt ch-t- .V;tV.aj Htcs, Kj VMtfa?'.ar; fliakaJ -- aa J lar d Ma'fy 'p t rr e n r; J f . Etjih Vaa'ChocveD, regMw' aal. clerk; aoj 3Tiv Asa Mclesn, Ma'.rcn; VMUng Ccmmlt-tfce- s and a F;aace CraraitUe were tab?equent-lcacetn. At a taeetlDR held oa tb 0.'?;r-&r- j y of May, wm it wa.3 ttter-irsageEt"- tojuUicgajitn te mi. e, and cj cofflmltteef.were at jlated to canvass then ever-a- l parts cf the ciij, and adjacent dhtrkts, and fee what rneacVcoAl j LeAobtalned as donaticna towards defray Sr"jA the trrnsei of eitabiiehing 8uch an Iatltut!cD. A j'jptltion wa drawn up and Eabmitted to Prfesldent Ttylcr for appfcvaJ, and the canva'feing ccmmittef.8 began their wcrkA TheB ladles Trcro enpsre.l nnrt fnl,and meetings were held twico and even three and four times a week, and reports wt-rmade frcm the feveral commltteep, who had WS C01J- proceedings cf the' committee?, and gave advice in regard to tho fled from time to time - JUI of the jLuuvcjjjcxn. 'A circular .oBusgesiioaiaai eactr lieiief Society and L. and Y, Y M. I, Association should pay statedly one dollar per month as a regular lub- - !a"c.rJ.r-t- icono-S5.:- i, &aJT V n:Ucec. Jitr. the" meeting ia April-i- t f !, hre al i u)w jrtv'.icaily filling donated liberally to the hoi-- - therHrew af'the "ApocIatfon;flad':A wHJPfrat to J yt and 'neceasary help by t to-k'- up the lnitltnUn, the enterprise requires tr i ecfiaomy and active executive ability. The iadieafcr-thExenat veT.ard, whu manage the benevolent Institution have certainly shown great xal indarcMineaa Ja UiU philanthropical "work, and been determined to nuke the effort a tuecesaful cne .'for .'the benefit cf. the sick and : a:!!icted among the Latter-daffainbi. Through I and evllreport they have teen untiring in and gxd work, and still feel deter-mLw'i!igea d to ptmvere in well doing. Only those jvho nave: practically Jabc re la this djiecticn can appreciate the Immense-efforthat has been an i th,e arduous" labors undertaken made, what has already been done In this dl- rectlon, with the sole motive of amelloiatinglhe condition cf tuffering humanity.. At the present lime the Associatioo hai enrolled eight.hun dred and fvrty.five members, who are exptcted to pay bn annual fee cf one dollar per year. ' Financial report. Total cash received during orders, 1,092.05; totalj Ihere have been other donations of lumber, fbar, meat, cow and calf, produce and other- - things; quilts, blankets, bed linen, etc. Most of these atticka have been the given Relief Society and Y, L. M. I. A. In the by several Stakes of Zion. Expended in cash for and furnishing the building as well fitting up a9 current! -the xrjen8esBjnceof enlng IIogpitaLAJuly"l 13,705.28; Total amount of expem e In- - or- dfr3 etc- - 51,044.55; Total expense, 4,749.83; Rein maining cash, $1,087.37; Orders, 47.50; Total, rl,114.87; The fees from patients received during the year amount to S754. 75 cash; Other thlngs,-$337.3making Id all, $1,092.05. After the report; had been read and approved the President made a Tew. remarks, reviewing-brief- ly some of the labors of the past year and expressing her gratitude to all who had aided In the work-i- n any way. She also expressed her gratitude to President Taylor for hia wise counsel, gl nt toac-ccmpii- $5,-S'31.- sh 70. 7.-168- 2, 0; waa Issued thrcugbout the varioaa Stakes of Z!on, giving the names of tho cfilcers or we lDBtitutlon and regulations made to enter practically upon the work. One of these was ll, It raler ile:ii t3 e5ip.M.M. Harriet Kiik la her dri - In-N'iTe- ib ;:U:rva ilvA-- h wm i Tf XX;ani7 C:e.k, la' 44Mt'lo rtwtfn. i- - . '. ; ; i--ir . "! - , ments, referred to her living at a dlstano from the hosplUl, which made it more inconvenient for her to attend the meetings of the Executive Board than the other ladies, but had always made it a point to come when It was possible, and also to asalat all in her power in every der to benefit the institutione partment of Dr. Ibmania B. Pratt said that aa far as she wa acquainted with the practical workings of the hospital it was managed In the best interests of the association and doing great good. That the physicians connected with It acted upon the highest principles of skill and science, their works assisted by faith. Being a young institution there were many disadvantages under which thoje interested had labored. The motion was made to change the name of tha Finance Committee to Ways and Means Committee, which was carried unanimous ly. The (Committee was authorized to act in behalf of the association, In making arrangements for the concerts to be given in the Tabernacle, on the 24 th of July, and the Chairman of the Com mlttee was authorlzad to call to her aid such other help aa she needed for the work. The several Canvassing Committees were honorably discharged from farther duty. After some remarks from two or three of the Ways and Means Committee in reference to their special department the meeting was adjourned for one year the-labo- 1 EDITORIAL KOTE8. A good place for invalids is to go to the Baths at Mrs. Dr. Horsford's, Thirteenth Ward, on Third South Street, between First and Second East Streets. The baths are medicated as well as electric, and are very exhilarating. They are epscially good in cases where there is a lack of circulation of the blood, or any indications of paralvflls. also for nervous comrjlalnts. Mrs Horsford Is a very genial, affable lady, and takes great pains to make everything pleasant and easy. There is a bed to lie down upon In -tha room after having taken the bath, which la quite ft consideration for delicate people. -- 