O N EN TV WOMAN'S EXT :.v : i yf.lce of the heart, and tbe voice of the brain, TbeJr language i feileiit, but tbrillu;g the ttralnf What Ytiliunfis they write! and what volumes they ! it r rl . jJravB aeide toll, Mirny mctentiavoriby . the dauntless courage ot bister rresenaia i occurred while the Buells were ihin- - on Fish- ' mg Kiver, ; her sweet veil, or throws baekber e ad pallt without Eound,-- they converse -- 'Tii a ftrcUtTe of that which in future will be, see! A mirror upheld in which visions we sou a realni ol the A lecture present ed mortal control! from Ijtleasir.gtlieTpirit I descending each day,- as of cfldr"- ; And the same loviog shepherd is watchingjlisloh; V i -"- Andlli3 chlldrcrijare jfed in a mystical wty,- -- vnr i hr vmrn nf the fhenkerd they love and obey. -- I : 'I ' Salt Lake City, Feb''.2is,t,;lSSS."" f t sea-o- when the carding n . " -- e against the Saintsjrewsj4j Mr. Buell "having apostatized from 'the Church, was possessed of a very opposite spirit to that of his wife, who was strong in faith and fervent Presendia prayed earnestly to in spirit.-Sist- er the Iord for her companion, that he might return in tho. faithrbut his miud had grown very darb and it :was useless to reason with, or en-- .i rpnt-hito pfo. the error and doubt which had misled and confused him; The Hunting- the tgns were obliged to leave Far West at Misfrom time of the driving of the Saints Pres-endsouri in the Spring of 1830, and Sister felt entirely alone and forsaken. She iquestered pot Sister Presendia lived with only a young girl for her companion. And even the girf who had come there on purpose to 1 teach "in th entirely alone during the day, a3 her little son George .was old enough to attend school and. went with his. teacher. She writes, "I used to ' in the: 'woods, company, my ritayalonVall day the wild birds, and my music the cooing of the turtle doves in the forest." In this very humble home, on the 24th of April, 1838, her first . daughter was born, but lived only four hours, : raotlieTv she called herdelineElizabeiliItis-wa- n with no one again. I felt alone on the earth, prtn nnw mucil hardship Mormon numtu to comfort me, exceptingmy little son George, have borne; and under what peculiarly trying for my husband had become a .bitter apostate, circumstances many of the children of the and 1 could not speak in favor of the Church Latter-daSaints have been born. in his presence. There was by this time not A nn PTamDle of heroic courage, we are one true Saint inhe State of Missouri to ray ;;' One day while the to following. give proud ' . knowledge." ' Mrs. B. was living in" this secluded place, she bister of Sister Huntington, (the motjier had occasion to go to the mill four miles disdied on the 8th of July following, she drove her own team' and took her ' Presendia) tant; " from hardship and fatigue brought on bUie little son George with her. As sho came, out merciless men, "who persecuted the,, .Saints a had to large she through the pass prairie upon killed and many died death;" manv toFar men j:iinto armed of up going company of hardships, others deprived of health, which West. She weir knew their purpose. Their : were never able to regain. ' " they horses were loaded down with bedding, spades, From that time on Sister Presendia suffered sbovels and cooking utensils, and there ; was a overburdened , greatly in her feelings, and was terrible clatter of tin dishes. There were two with the saddened with sorrow, and her 'mind men who knew Mrs. Buell and spoke to her. 'rriefs of the people she so loved, .and she -- She says, a.s the horsemen rose to go u the to remain away from them all, with no was obfiged little and child, team her with hill she, one to whom she could open; her heart. Mr. 1ip left of them. The horse- i;fi0 Buell prospered in business and in a temporal men called a halt and dismounted, facing had an abundance of, point of view, the family the company towards Mrs. B. and the child, make them in every every thin g necessary to ihalr linrifS liV the bits. Sister . way comfortable. Presendia savs, "I thought of Mr. Carey, who to , the was born son anoiiier About this time killed on the had'a 31st the on home from the -- . house of Buell, Norman Oliver, prairie as he was returning of January, 184D, which one can readily mill. Then, for the first time m my life,!, directly after the dreadful outrage asked the Lord m expected to be shot. I the Saints in Mo. lnese me against with perpetrated child let go to only my silent prayer and OIivct; both to grew man-en-- . two had husband as if I should be killed, my married and had families lof their own. not hood, did I the in Gospel. faith his the tirely lost 'The next few years after the Saints lelt went but forward, team mv events or hurrv urge some of the greatest State and the horsemen the hill, over on Church. steadily , transpired in the history of the - stood looking at me, but the shockr.nearly trial of that overcame m?." Think of the of men moment; and also of the brutality women and themselves "protectors" ot Many To Pur.niiEiis asi Kuitors. cstab-Iihdefenceless a intimidate d thus to children, and magazines have been newspapers child-oan open prairie, woman and her little the United States and Canada within' in ' of help. obtammg where there was no possibility 'the names of which do no- two years, the la4 x -wcatatnmKing oi. It is too inhuman to bear in any newspaper directory or look with doubtless will read this account logue. The publishers and editors of such are i o hairs white the on of "still greater reverence invited to send copies and a full description Fall same The faith. the of in editor ed veteran this a-publications to the rewtive had bank, the river Mrs. B, while living on HulLnFs Newspaper .anddiankrccryor Missouri these from dreadful fright 'another New Haven;: Comi., U- desWorld, the and todrive mobocrats, who were anxious be properly catalogued and may rode men up One day six edition of that work S troy the Mormons. armed. well all this notice to her door on horseback, 1883. Editors who kindly give men two seen pass had she confer: a will aif iiPertion, in heir- columns They inquired if had she not; America. by there on foot. "She said,inIno, favor upon the Press of search of them. then they crossed the river when two brethren, They had but just gone Broi Rust and Bro. Cleveland, came in; they imfomed is not at the bottom, nature were in search of work. Mrs B. ,r f will if endeavoring to return, and them of the danger that awaited: them to they eat Sufand betray berself one time, or proceeded. She gave them something and peq) " and to carry with them in their pockets, and TiHoUon. other. told them they had better go up the river . . re5ses-it-ihusA,InCTeriayv: ' - . AVC-r- .- itA-iitTrKi- -- " y 1nantta' " on" in the W -exp- it seeks not the magical charm to control. ,Ti3 in-lh- Lster ia ' : !.:.- -- jjlt. .ajucia mill tome dt-- . ; That come in tb" cataract, roaring and wild, That bas often our soul of its Borrow beguiled! i t us often silent, and "watch for the time, 'When such voices ring out in thei r mystical chime Such are often in mercy sent down from above, Infused by the spirit of God! who is love! Oh life! earthly life! thy rxrcMA is grand! land! . : Thy mystical units of clysian whisp'rings briug balm to a sorrowing soul, And at a - m M'loW we hunger, avA listen to voices like these, "That come in the lowers, that come in the trees, r .iiisoun. : J)Qrkuate& n ' .AX)., v Ik'fv V uay very lonely, as the. log Jiouse, Home" distance froflje'igh they occupied was consequently-- with. the. soul, vxi fFtralnt, and defying control; riT i tiirt.ivivl sweet, that the spirit then holds, magical folds! And n tMp ti.: eorporeal-i- evijiie "he rented a grist mill and two carding ma chines, built a comfortable house; for his famiwoods. r:and commencedl)ulineii7" frrinUf-a'gain on his own account, and run the mill through the following winter. The persecutions -- was employed a carder, - voice - ofjrerfift?lvmc- - in - we Lear, on the brain, on the car; Breaking ewect on the heart, Transporting the eoul to a laud of its own, St round by a mystical zone!. Ar.d ;l Vy , kiA&ss j;i est and travel all night aVhey "had certainly been watched for brethren were often whipped and sometimes back to Far , ' AnTlneljirisirvo ; .. JjHinUliilKht, when tlccp has forsaken tbo eye,' Thcee voices cOmthrbjipiDgAnd 17 : ' jIq . ' 155 A VENERABLEJVOMAK. SIJJCNT VOICES. : ... "' ', PATCHWORK; . " not genteel, they tell me now, To make a patchworkiuilt, of poverty they vow s 'Tis . And poverty is guilt In worldly eyes well let it be,v But you and I sh nild clearer see, I think it Is a branch of art That forms a good, important part In home economy a:id joy, And plea?ant houri without alloy, May thus be spent in social chat, While fingers fly this way and that, Forming designs of light and shade Until a perfect piece is made; And then the quilting, Oh how nice! To meet in friendship and rejoice, When work Is done tbe circle sp. aads, heads Mingling the white and golden brother Of father, mother, sister, TTfnot your own, why then, some other, in pleasant play or may-b- c dance. While jest and song the hours enhance; From many a patchwork quilt I trace Some well known name, soma dear, dear face, , And from one star will spring anew, true. and friendship of 'Some time Ioye : Our parents loved those simple joys, Shall we forget thfcir girls and boys, scorn the old? s - And in the Ahno ! there lies the purest gold, - ' And is not life all patchwork too, or false trup, Our thoughts and actions, whole the form to Pieces that go Great plan divine tho Gods control; y Then bo our station high or low so Ixt's cut and fit the pieces That perfect shape and colors blend, - Fraying that One above to ina His wisdom where our own would fftilr " hearts would quail Courage when our weak , Then may our life work be replete lu all things perfect and compieio. IIorE. 'lis ' ' : new-scenc- . short-timebefom-be- en -- per-ceivew- as T boys,-Georg- e i, who-stvl- e n ho - des-Sfb- od - lyslS 