W 0 M A N S E X P 0 N EN occurred even before lie was a member of the Church. Father Rogers responded in a very affecting though !ffifpe'ec speeches ami other, pleasing 'exerdsesyere eiK ".gaged One' in-'.- r nay adieu :is released, and will TbfM-di- i weresoon relrrnr'' liyrrrtrfiy theJiiext" ble'--s Bro. and thd"hea'rtv steamer, Bromley vas expressive of the love. and confidence he has won in the hearts of the people, jwith jvhpmjieJELssociateJ-andduring the j)at G-o- i ne pi umucm uvtr been prepared plentiful supply ,thereofJiad and all m Look with thankful :iim,e t i&oii; a i . ' . department was jruii.anu reircsJirnent :otjiycjLand umonvas- - trulv heart.-- ; - .... a enjoyed - which ,- long will be remembered by those who partici pated therein. : - to Onjiie following Thursday were entertained at the re-en ce f Broth.'.rQjxiit-iv; hi di uinettrh all took part j.i the exerci! s, in songs, reeita- ; ti on.vh ad in I 'etc. , and . B inters Cox and Xel- 1 ' fcsoV fruit, lollies,- refreshments, to it and all, pleasing to .notethe. expressions oyiand-gladnesm the actions Jlf i and up jn the countenances of all present. i i Aiivcr .praying iur mo ;rtrcoess at the Lxrox.- work; we. subscribe ourselves ,:. your sisters in the Gospel of peace, , President"j IlANXAir Cox, Secretary. Au.htnd, Nov; Zealand, July JoThTlVS'J; dL-tril-j.- . .d , J as-depic- ted s . . . D A L'l :', CASTLE - E.M " 1 : T: Y ( o : . - . a rearatron-o- yii f ,. k.-.,.- . . t : ur - ples ot theGosnei. i: andtlprTThW7rT" All seemed to have a to live their religion and be punetualm -u:ndmg to every call made upon them.-c - lsingingndprayer-conferen- ce atl journcd till the first Saturday in February. Ann--a : LETTER FROM OHIO. Deak Mormon Sisters: It is coming towards the close of the year, when all good business persons examine into their acQount,st6ck on hand liabilities, etc. Perhaps 'twere wellto settle up religiously now and then take an inventorvof liabilities, as sets, profits and loss, and so on. Our communications began on the subject of plural marriage. You came forward promp-l- y and answered my questions with seeming honesty, and I accepted your statements that, "peace and happiness were found in homes where plural wives lived together." On that point, however, I was not a disputant, for in studying human nature, as I see it in those about me, I have long been convinced that such a change in the marriage relations would conduce to the happiness and benefit of the world. But I thank you, all the same, for your testimonies to tlie truth of my impres- .si-ta- - ,- ... . nt E. Seely, Secretary. PICNIC PARTY! A conjoint "picnic 1 T f r party" of the Second 11 jyard. iieiiei society ana rnmary-Associa1 Hfof Satnrdayl August, at Johnson'3 new bowery. All the T. tion,-ofLoga- tercsungand benehcial. ,ie-Ir- . " - . The anger of an enemy represents our Vaults -,of uradmonjshe? ps-our"duty with more hearti-'3- 3 than the Hndlinesi of a tYimh-.Te- rmv 1 w . -- -- - took-plaee-- oir pleasure seekers who were too old or too young to walk were conveyed to the grounds in carriages and other vehicles. When all had arrived the opening exercises commenced 7 at 10:30 a.m., Mrs. R. Nibley presiding. Singing by the Primary. Prayer by Sister M. Ballard. - Singing. Then followed questions and' answers bn the Bible by the Primary Association, also songs and recitations, which were ." very good The remainder of tha timo was occupied by . I m .. sions. . Perhaps some of you wonder v.hether your letters have really had any effect on my mind, or if I only write for pastime. I will say ihat your kind, Cliristian words have, I trust, "fallen upon good ground, and will, in season, bring . forth abundantly. Almost thou' LpersuadesU me; at least my heart goes out to you with kindest feelings akin to .love, and I t'hank God that we have become acquainted. . , . . V Though we Lo strangers, far apart', In purpose we unite; Sympathy and love In.?pire each heart To live for God and Hi ght! God Is our fattier yours and iriifi", .' : As "sisters we unite; Against all wrong wo wJJI curaltao To live Tor God and riht. InjasticCj- - wrong?, ' - ill . Singing by the Primary. Prayer by Sister McAllister at 3:I0 Mary p.m., when al f re7" turned homeward, feeling well satisfied with the pleasures of the day. Emklini: E. James, Secretary IX. S. August Pith, !$:;. . ' Coring-grainLtraiu-JngJ- : inn io--r ul ..Model Church." Sifter Grant spoke in a very interesting wav to the children; exhorted parents to take time to intruct them. sino-- nrav and read with them. "Desire that old Sister OtlvirKLiaay live as a. life isilesirableToTier, andlheii .pass through the gates of death without sufier- ing, and on to her exaltation in our Father's r""" Kingdom." Song by BeFtha Jones. Sister Ivins spoke on puritv and its .beauty, and counselled the. j children to read and educate themselves for the great future; spoke a few cheering words to the old ladies. r. Song, "Under the Snow," by DagmanFrank - and JMiss Wilson. 7" Sister Townsend spoke of the beauty of ... truth; said if all mothers were as faithful and noble as Sister Grant there would be more noble sons. Exhorted mothers to pray with their children daily, and to win their confidence;! teach them to keep the Sabbath day. , 'William Pike recited the Lord's Prayer, all the children joining in concert. Sister Stewart spoke a few pleasant words. - Song Jjy Jennie Bench. Sister Benson gave a few words of ad- vice and comfort to all, especially to the' aged. -- Sister-Pike addressed the assembly in a fev,' appropriate words, then closed with singing. " Dismissed by Sister Fjelsted, after which all partook of refreshments. All felt it had been a good, cheerful meeting. Our Primary "was organized in June, 1883, "with the following officers: Emma Pike President; E. L. Crowther and1 J. Lee,. Counselors; James Stewart Secretary; Jenny Bench, As-- . Secretary; Katie Hansen, Treasurer. Sister .Benson the-- other- - sisters. made a few rema'rksfencouraged allfo continue t i i i in nninnr' chp cain itwnii n ho a nnv"!nnre to be remembered, especially by the little folks. Thinking that they had been, rusticating long enough, President, Sister M. Ballard, thought it would be well to close the day's enjoyment. -- - u-U- , iBensoiLiind mer; Select reading by E. L. Crowther, "The . Minutes of the Conference of the Relief Society of the" Emery Stake of Zion, held at GVtle Dale, August 3rd, President Anna M. Larsen presiding. Conference opened with the usual exercises of singing and praver, ' reading of reportsxthe presidents of the differ-- ; ent societies gave verbal reports and also bore .their testimonies to the truth. President Anna Larsen made opening remarks;.: saidshe was -thankfulT.o sec so many present. Expressed dfer regret and disappointment at not havin .... Sisters E. 11 S. Smith and E. B. Wells with us as their presence was anticipated by all. She knew their absence-wa- s unavoidable", and felt to acknowledge the: hand of the Lord in all things. President C. G. Larsen saidhe felt honored ' in iucetingrwith.th.e- sisters, and felt highly hon-' ored in arising to address them; felt to pleased hear the reports and tn kpp. . . . t. i J,.,,? . i ua.i uctJl ' done towards Temple building; we had received fciuu uiu5iu- -, imi wouia receive still greater me u uen our iem ni es .bhould trrto look on the brldif An r.c thing through, our lives. Ya were here to have a god conference; hopecL all would feel free to express their feelings, try to be en ted with cmr lot and not complain becati.v we do not, have w everything might desire; wished all to avoid running in" debt; felt lik,' blessing and comforting ;ajrwho were striving to du right. several of the brethren and sisters made encouraging remarks upon, ehildren.-no- t. nllnirino- the,; . " , Junius LU - to- - iui-uie-iH-f iii-in-its-iobl- e : to order, and some choice songs and recitations were given for the benefit of Sister Klizabeth -- the number of 2 ' -- e - . sionr ''TAfrTefres-krnentsswinging, skipping the rope and other sports were engaged irr by all. On the arrival of Sister Elizabeth" Benson, President of the Cache Valley Stake Relief Society, her counselors and others (that were invited but could not attend earlier) the - president,-- Sister M. Bal lard real led the people ; d . the Relief Society, and the recitations and songs of the members were rendered in a concise and Dleasin? manner. All nresent nartook f Ijogan met at the houseof President Emma Pike to surprise oii her 79th birthday a poor Avi'lo- v- named Ostlund. ThererAs-erthirty" ladies present, among them, Stake President of K. S., .Mrs. E. Benson, and 3Irs. Lucy Cardon, Sister 'J'owusend, Sister Ivins from St George, Sister P. P. Grant, the mother of Apostle H. J: Grant, Sister Jane E. Molen, Primary Stake President, Sister Stewart, Sister HenstrOm and a Jliim b er uil others Th e- -1 ea ch.ers - were ;sen t for the old lady, and as' soon ns she was seated the door was thrown onen and- of) nrimarv children sang with snirit (Onen the door for the Children.'' graver by Sister Molen.- - Sing-bi- g "In our. Lovely l')eseref." An address was then read by E. L. Crowther, after which all the children shook hands with the old lady and ' all presented kerwith&amed44tle-giftr-M-t- er Jarh-- Molen aud Sister ' Lucy Cardon addressed the meeting in a pleasing and interest-'- -' ing manner. A?song by blisses Lowe and L. Lieshman; Beading by. Sister Pike; Song, '.'Sadie Ray,'-- by the Misses Thompsons. Si'sr ter llenstrom spoke for a few moments on de- - to William M. Bromley, who er 55 Editor Exponent: liottceflbWfitttnfiTfhTr; q to-Eld- T: " " 'gainst friend or foe, Together wo wil 1 ilht; - AjP:WOEQen, let the wholo Work! We live fbrGod- and right. aowr - All prejudices thrown uside,'. In.Ietters largo wc write, r So all may read the words with priilc", "We live for God and Right !" 1 " 7 y" Yours" withjove, . - Emily Scott. Things that never happen are often as much realities to us in their effects, 'a3 those ..that are accomplished. Dickers. 