WOMAN'S EXPONENT 1 ListancvV thev had btlrs in the vicinity ci an icxr. en?r ?irv; mpcaw nor cis son were a: like wa "koie, bat ibe showed, plain y. how soc-in-k- w ; h-- towards ;Mor-- v mens " and that was the first'time that we had met him." There was but one in the roonurcho snv ilwrnw nf rMiwt r4 Vint was useir uaugoier, jars. Amos the one we called to see. We ftt1ffj nrf fhre tfiniTl Je w m inn fp . .... UVUA t we us nearu mem roaring wan cioseu ueiiiuu laughter, which, of course, was intended jfor. our ears. They thought, no doubt, .that this would crush us, but we considered the source and felt as much relieved as though we had es- caped from a hornet's nest. "A few years after we had settled in this valley we were told by good authority that William Hibbard was trMfAi? it? 'sritfi XTis,niv "-- hp y 1 1 V . , lM-liV- U I (TIVU VdilJ?' O O 4J III ll'VrHi -w Ill IMII.f: vM.f ' NfWTIP. where in California and hung. i T To,i0 Fridav. the 27h nf FpKmfl ' A last adieuj to our home and city and recrossecl the Mississippi with Bishop Whitney's family, ' . whom he sent to camp in charge of Father C. K. Liott, the Bishop remaining behind to see his own and the rnnr4i v. (noma Usj bvuuja u t v.lj aillft i,ai came to the camp next day. ' Brother Joseph ... - nauyoo 10 fcSUTVtW assist in . winding up the church 4 I' t nT Tiff 11Trn Vv.ll ! -- . should seat ourselves upon some of the Tem ple rocis near by and watch the setting sun' with its beautiful reflections on the river and our quiet citv that rpstM ?hmoifeat there enjoyincr ' the delightful scenery, more particularly the lovely landscape beyond the MiesifiaioDL until : tneJun faad sank behind the western hills, how soon our . ... nnf rr. wnni;nuC . 1 1 , and nnr itioo nkn.i:iu tseuiiraie foes, and I be traveling with homeless exiles wworus me sun. Scarcely seven years 4,ml elansed .slnnt th , saints wereJrHrtnr-fivTfir-Tr- i.; came ha . , -- , ,i -- "".jn3cuurji-ana ,jriuo wun scarcely an earthly confort, or well ones enough to hand them a tirink ot water or evpn tn i,ri luml to their, d,.. urn scene eqt tather and his brother Apostles .S death, started for Great Britian to fulfil a revelation and which the evil one was determined ' Bu'thsLord Wed them and ft as tney were obedient. And by faith and pemverance with the blessings of God there J, wr and n. """S e,t with lovely farms' f io wilil ?n vflorpc ' - ( enedjo nnd suffer. 'if need be. committed against the "Mormons" have been allowed to go unpunished, which is a lasting stain on our country, a boasted land of freedom and a refuge for the oppressed of every What mockery ! -- The following "is ..nation from a revelation given to the Prophet Joseph: , e, nothhstanding their sin iy ctthem off; and w the day of wrath - yill remember mercy," .... I H have sworu, and the decree hath gone beasiite7 wlwle-wil- l he d s. nujtherewill iwill seek Joseph's make yon free, therefore ye are and the law also maketh you free; nevertheless when the wicked rule" the people mourn." Though our people have long been oppressed we have not lost any of that spirit and love of freedom which inspired our fathers -- the daring sons of liberty, to stand in theiri own de- fense but we fhall not turn traitors to our beloved country nor its institutions, which we know were formed by inspired men;.biitweT-- . shall continue to sue"forouFrights, and leave the rest in. the hands of the Almighty, who is already vexing them as he said He should do if they would not cease their wickedness and per- secution or nis people. The testimony of the servants of God has gone forth unto the condemnation of this generation, because the majority have hardened their hearts against them,-- and in"aTevationI ta Joseph the Lord said, "Verily, I say unto you, that woe shall come unto the inhabitants of the earth if they will not hearken unto my words. 0! this anbelieving and stiffnecked gereration, mine anger is kindled against them." ., ; "For a desolating scourge shall go forth the inhabitants of the earth, and shall among continue to be poured out from time to time, if they repent not, until the earth is empty, and Jhe inhabitants aMlUterly destroyed by the brightness of my coming. Behold, I tell you of these things, even as I told the people of the destruction of Jerusalem, and my word shall be verified at inis ume as ithhiiJier4en-vtrtfied- ; The Lord also said, "Whoo layeth down his life m my cause, for my name's sake, shall find it again, even life eternal: Therefore, be not afraid of your enemies; for. I have decreed in , my heart, saith the Lord, that I will prove you m all things whether you will abide in my covenanteven unto death, that you may be found worthy. For if ye will not abide in my covenant, ye are not worthy of me." Concern! a.? those who have been afflicted, and persecuted" and cast out from the land' of their inherit--ancHe said, "I; the Lord, have suffered the affliction to come upon them, wherewith have been afflicted, in consequence of they their transgressions; yet I will, own them, andthev shall be mine m that day when I shall come to make up my jewels. Therefore, they must needs be chastened and tried, even as Abraham who wacommanded to offer up his only son! ay7 beUeze-tliati- via-ite- rather than forsake the only true religion or to dwell in the midt of alarm. All She crimes theref-are-consUmeUw- ' Til fulfilled.,: They were .related - to me bv Father Butterfield, of Santliquiu, where! this summer. And Brother Charles Hyde, the Patriarch, being at Father Butterfield, bore witness that he was present in that TemThe former ple, and.lieard- - the same-thingtwo was doorkeeper there for years. The Patriarch, Father Smith, said, "It is a time of !& a great apostacy peace here among us. The judgments will commence right here, and they will try to burn this"Tem-ple- , but they cannot do it, for it will stand a? a monument for, this generation to look at. There will be men that you little think of who We preferred to go . ' :'. pass.', It may not be out of place here to repeat a few of the prophetic worde spoken in the Tew. pie at Kirtland, much of wjiich has come to pass", and therefore our faith should bo streugth-- . . - Bide with a young gentleman (Mr. Hatch) and inuui y gi" companions who proposedas we came to the brink of the hill, that we ty of "Mormon'' women. " ; frefe indeed; business. During that timeWm. Clayton" a composed narodv on the and thought, have forgotten the words, the burthen-o- f it was that th rfnrei ha a left for the "Bishop and which was afterwards sung in camp with much gusto by the rxra jummerf-ISM4rhn-Hf??r- keys ndoNved with'thce blessiow His Prophet Joshad ken promised through and of eph, which were theL greater richer, the thee no man could rob them. Though barwicked and lawlescJd drive us jnto the ren wilderness to endure the pangs of hungerdes-and death-in many forms, and they .could ecrate and demolish our Temple, they .could "I, the Lord, justify you, and your brethren of my church, in befriending that law which is the constitutional law of the land. And to law of man,, whatsoever is more or less than these cometh of evil. I, the Lord, U- - rlfseemsonlv a littlft f ITTIA CinlO flirvoa omnvr. luvv ovciica were transacted which I have.been wug rehearsing yy Hen memory is once aroused how many a forgotten incident comes up which has lain hidden for years among the duBty and smouldering cobwebs of the past. Just now my mmd reverfcl lwdc to a laxroly ning in U,e forth by a former commandment which I have given unto you, that I would let fall the sword of miue indignation in tha behalf of my per pie; and even as I have said, it shall come to -t- - waandi hkidoks &!t a"ti en accoinjcliU which and we shall be driven we shall go beyond the life--the- n Trom city to city Rocky. Mountains into the valleys of Ephraim. Then- - there'll be - great excitemeritTor Mexico and Oregon, for the Lord will contrive a way call out the honest in heart." The Prophet , to - Joseph said; "Thus saith the Lord, the government will send an army far away in the west - beyond the Itocky Mountains, and it will be before the north and south go to war, and just f Trill mirn if ir 'ttaii don o a Va RotriAr. - gave the- disciples,"" When" you see Jerusalem .surrounded with armies they may know that their desolation is at hand." They heard the mother of the Patriarch, Charles Hyde, give the interpretation of tongues in that Temple. Among the things spoken was that "this people would be driven from city to city, and many would shed their blood for a testimony to the truthof th is .work, Joseplmvould be"cait Into prisonrand the peoplewould say "Mormonism is down." The trials would be so great that it would seem as if the Saints could never go through them. Then there would be another that would be more severe than the first, and it would appear as though they could never go through it. Then the "power of the Lord would be made manifest, and their enemies confounded, and Joseph's name would then be among all nations." He said Jhat some of the Saints felt very sad over these things, believing that the Prophet would have to die before they could be fulfilled. We have witnessed his death and tW fulfillment nf the most of these predictions, and we know that thft hlrtfwl nf-- rtlir frnm cflll W Amirnv I " la jJJUI I J mfL3lOT the dust, and that He- who has promised to avenge 1113 people 01 their wrongs will repay OUr enemies four fnlirK nrtA tTint oil ihavr have taken from us will have to be restored with in- terect' onrl lot tV,n faWUI that day 'is nearcFUmn many of us have imag i- sa-icr- ed 'm'a-rivr- 1 -- ined. r. "The woman's department at the Boston fair has created surprise: among those who think women cannot invent. Some of the contrivances are ingenious." . " "J1.1-- " nas a paper on Southern California in the December Centnry. It is a description of the founding of the "City of the Angels," .Los Angeles, a story so picturesque and romantic that the author declares it "a tale for verse rather than for prose.- ". ,How strange that so few people understand what it is to stand on a principle, leaving the consequences care of themselves, and knowing that the final result of doipg right ia always good!-f- t6A B, Otaci to-ta- ke 