erzziezl, and Lbey will astert thplr rights at the mt u who will honor "pcCit by rcttng to thc Jierxssilbns they axe dec Ud to flil, and defend .1 rats of the men and the women who have, ty their industry and intelligence, made TlIEWOMlVSEXPOXEXT. EBJUtUXE B, WILLS, Ihe.cousiry-deifabl- tok Or: cc?t cse year, i ccam: . ' E N T. K X V O WOM AX- - nMa I .1.1 , - e, flimcni' irn tinw 41 watt rand th Spirit; this is the kingdom a man irtut fornake all things for. He must have it if faith suftlclent 'to even lay down his life world for this required. I have forsaken the kininm.au'Jhow (noon I shall be called upon IlftTTor the Kike or Christ J T?rTaviTaxfnrnv w rf V WI know not; bat If it everbe rcqutreu;ot me 1 nope and I may have fortitude to withstand the trial " not deny the Lord that bought me. Notwithstanding you are honest unto man I ask, are you honest toGod in all thing's? If not, have you a conscience void cf offence before Him? I leave you to answer these questions yourselves.... i can assure .yuu-- w uut, uuuu thing to give up all for Christ's sake, to be willour lives in Hla cause. - I ing to even lay down T . 1,4 ...U Li. it. U kjxow more aoout meee lLln.. luiuga iuu x uiu wueu I saw you last. I have been In the hands of a - wicked mob, and knew not but they would kill me. I have even Bat in my house for hours with the door open, expecting the mob to take me the second time, when cne cf their leaders had sworn that I should die that day, or he ' would. You may judge for yourselves what were my feelings. I can say I felt composed, nfAil inV TVMLlfal PfiV ' , : . -- . . ; rii; Yxch ten lines of nonpareil ecire, sp& one liberal discount to ; r rejarTCrUsers. M. C. Z. In Irick tuildisg north of Zxpo.fxyr-Offic- e, Bnslnes5hours"Croai 10 a. m.to Street. ;I.t Est Temple 5 p. m. every day, except Sunday. ' Address all bttslnesa communications to per month, $3, 00. Un?r-$i5- 0: A - .Publisher "Wojllk's Expoxkst, Salt Lake City Utah. HOME AFFAIK3. A VfLNEiiABUi AVoiiAN will be continued in cur next number. The manuscript having been burned,there is some delay in getting the items. Miss Ehh.v"Atcin," daughter of George At-kiof To'cele City, is now spending her vacation at her home, after two years study in the Woman's Medical College in Philadelphia. She has passed her examination in the first regular "coureVof study. Last year he Bpent her vacation in study with a class in elocution; In Coburg, Canada. " She will return to Philadelphia this , fall to pursue her medical studies, and graduate! as an M. D. She is a bright, intelligent girl, and has all the necessary natural ability to succeed in the profession. Utah has just reason to be proud of its young lady graduates. 7 Jottings By the Way. Is the title of a neat little pamphlet of about 70 pages, by George V7Johnon, St. George, Utah, containing songs -- End pDem?, mostly of a religious tone, and some prcse articles that are very interesting. The Johnsons were connected with the Church as early as I&31; they . are from the State of New JYork, though the parents were from jMassachu-ettn, - SALT LAKE CITY, AJLQUiTJ,J8a3, THE COMING ELECTION. The August election ia close at hand, and is certain! quite an Important event. The Woman's. Journal of Boston ( which, by the way. has had a great deal to eay lately on the Utah question) says, "the August election will prove an imnortan crisis in the Btruccle apafnstnbivW W The issue will come home gamy. -1 -- i jt-iu il iiluau uia iL. tnt1 me ejectuo jpeupio lujlv uiiucwj tion of a congressional delegate last fall." The journal knows very little, eeemingly,atoat Uiah matters, notwithstanding all the recent visits of correspondents and editors to Salt Lake.' There Is no need cf any fears oq, the part of the people's party here, nor any cause for rejoicing on the part of those, who desire to see the "Mormons" wboii&ve9tUed-thistrantrymade It post ible for themto live here and amass JT fc i 3. mr fVivf n v tn tnn nil Ko raV4a rf -- 1 -- 1 III after redeeming the desert. There are plenty of legal voters for the people's party after all are excluded that the Interpretation of the Edmund' bill by the Camrniselcners could possibly dig-- 1 franchise. The Federal officiate, reali-t9 ry fl nnffl orifl lurl rrt a KniU I.. UaVO DCcn Very uiutwoauu juujjcn w VJCUllUU n ' 1 particular to hunt up every pretextagalnst any- - votes by the paaple's party, but with all their diligence they will hat suzceei in their cflorts to gain the possession cf the offices and the trepsury of the Territory. They must wait a little longer, and while they are waiting the "Mormon" population will increase so rapidly that the end of their waiting will be woe to all their hopes. : The Lard has given this land to His people, and He will hold them responsible if they do not maintain their rights to Its possession by being on the alert to preserve the freedom that is so essential to the life and happiness of Ame. rican cltizfns. Everv man nd ATArv that has the privilege of voting should consider it A aanrml rtntv. Tfc la iimt; na mnK r u is to pray. Hat eo far aa the election settling i it. ij oi iae question pjarai marnage, the Journal is far astray. The Federal officials here care less about that principle than the world imagines. They want to get possession of the Territory" divest the "Mormon" people of all rights, civil' political and religious, and drive them from their inheritances, if they will not submit their, consciences to them. Lst tho people bo wise prayerful and vigilant, strong In maintaining their Integrity, to God, and the Constitution of tneir country, and all will bo well. The race that is growing up in these mountain fastnesses are abundantly endowed, by Nature, with the tenacity of purpose, and the determination to maintain the rights of the peaple who first planted their feet upon this desert land ere I passea mw me nanaa or the United States gov 'nMn Mostcf the poems areyrxgOQd jndeetVanct PoetIc talent as well as a mind clear to comprehend truth and the. high er elements of human character. We see nothing in it to condemn, and therefore commend it to the Saints everywhere as worthy a plac4n-tht-ir v libraries. ' i- - I New Class in Midwifeey. Dr, Romania B. Pratt announces by advertisement that she will cornVnence a new class in midwifery on October Stb, at one o'clock p.m., at her ofilce, over Godbe, Pitts and Cc'fl drug store. Her school in this important branch of medicine, was established in 1878, and has been eminently successful, she having instructed! two classes a year from that time.JDrPratt ot only convert sant with the theory of the subject In its detail?, but her active practical experience adds an important feature to her power to communicate correctly all necessary Information to her pupils. Mrs. Pratt's office is pleasant and central, and as the whole time is spent upon the subject in hand, the student Vis enabled to go to work at ones. The rooms are elegantly and conveniently fitted up for the course of lectures, and she has all the medfulapprutanances pertaining to this branch of science, charts, manikin, etc. Students from a distance can, by taking rooms and boarding themselves, get along on compara--tlvel- y limited expanse. For terms see advertisement. is-n- OLD LETTER Extracts . j a letteb weittilx by Edwabd Ptiudge, First Bishop op of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- the Church Saints op y chusetts Oct.. 22nd, nfwfj a 7e 1834. tv.llguom Of UOd. reserved for tho r.h -U4 . . r -- 4 1 1 AllUilC4i - xt f.'". knew they had no power only as it was seen the mob by granted unto them. hundreds, armed, and to all appearances ready to destroy msn, women and children. Companies cn horseback passing the hcutea cf women and children where there was no man. threatening the lives of all who did not clear out before night. They appeared to me more like fiends of hell than men. I'riests headed at ieasjjtwojoL jthose companies. I da not know Hautfthe revcla- 1 I-h- ava . , - n t third heavenror This klnnm 4. ,be that " thatTr"f aS"a' D? through mBch Ulbula. the kingdom . see imWa he is u wanoi i theWngdom vlnce you that I am not sane; but be it so, you must have ycur own opinion. I know I am not dciujcd. i you think that you would Bupe not persecute any people as wo have been Take heed then that you do not od- persecuted. . ... ; pose mis wor, lor when the Lord withdraws His spirit you Jfow not what you may be left to do. The 8avior told his desciples that the i day would come, that those who would put them to death would think they were doing God's service. And verily I say unto you they that are not for ua are against us; and the day will " iJivicnjTi jum lugeiner as iney --did Co. to oppose the truth and put down the people of God. Therefora. T v fov. heed to yourselves lest, perad venture, you are fighting against God. Christ and his Apostles were never known to mrapff v hnt k- - n I w V Mi J things which that wicked generation was pleased to. pu t upon them. From this we learn "m . thftt fhrMla Xiyllrt haWA l """""'o wpitit oi unrist never persecute, but are always persecuted, as we may learn both from sacred and profane The Bible says, they that have not the history.of Spirit Christ are none of His. Here is a criterion tt jrjuuge ourseivei. loncerrore entreat yoa to carefully examine this subject; make not a hasty judgment, for truth will bear an inveatigatlon. Spare no pains to ascertain the , l troth, and remember thf k ain. leadeth into all truth. Throw aside all prejudice and remember that one truth la worth a If you are wise you are wise for yourselves: and mav th T.n. -t m. Holy Spirit, that yoa may be wise in time, that in eternity we may meet in the Celestial Kingdom of God to spend an eternity in His sbn ln-Jac- X -- 0l:i w 7 r' thou-sanderro- v,- rs. .-- presence. PIONEER DAY, A Sabbath for the Saints. Blessed be the forever. Many thoughts crowd themselves day into my mind this morning. The contrast of thirty. 