minded: per v suit bad followed. rThene liberal so ahxloui to Letter: thelcondltlon" gona who are of the" women of Utah, and who made such . boasts of what they would do for them, during wi.en electioneering for Dale-- " the late campaign now urging the lawmakers gate to Congress, are the nation to annul the act of- th & Utah"Leg to yo te. : ieiature c.mfering u pori women the ri ght Is a little game"of," U jg plain as possible that It rjbtractlon they are trying to py, and at the the expense of women they have scarcely e t from courage yet to Bay, take they: believe in a certain religion, but be an women are " weak creatures," and to make Congress believe women ea?y matter ought not to have the privilege of voting, and that will take away from the People's Party a few thousand votes weakening thair ranks a little, and equalizing the two parties somewhat. pjural marriage does not enter imo me ques tlon at all, for no woman on whom a suspicion is hag fallen of entering Into such relations, allowed to vote under the Edmunds law as Interpreted by the Commissioners. Consequently that settles that matter decidedly. It is not because they vote r for men to hold cfllca who have more than one wife, for such men cannot hold any office,-we- ll why is it? Simply because. of power, by they want to obtain a balance working away at the rule of subtraction. They would take away every right and privilege that the men and women enjoy who settled this land without" the least conscientious entitled to some scruple Mormon women are took in" opening up privileges for the part they this new country. Many of them drove cattle over the plains, yoking and unyoking the team themselves, cooked for their chl Idren, made 1 their own fire?, etc., while the husband and father was In the United States service. This in Nauvoo, and people, driven from their homes and compelled to go out into the wilderness, afterwards called upon to furnish men to go to Mexico, a mo3 t d request, yet cheerfully complied with; and hard-shipundergoing numberless privations in which women bore their share havo had comparative peace and of years here in the prosperity for a number, mountain fastnesses. The toll and labor consequent upon such long difficuland tedious Journeying?, and the many to pioneer ties and trials which are Incidental " life have been shared by the mothers and fathers end sons. daughters equally with . the the utmost conRealizing this fact and having of women fidence in the integrity and capacity of V tah or tht)Ublic good, the Legislature Be heving i gave womau. the suffrage. of would be for the best interests -- ; of the-ballo- political privileges; but possession is nine points the law, the old adage salth, and the women of Utah have the sufl rage and it will be a hard matter to pcrsuaC'ongresa that any particular, benefit to the Territory can be derived by the men-becaus- it-w- ill arinulinz of the rrright to vote, when even those Governors who have been most opposed to woman suflrage on general principles cpuld pee no evil result arising-fro- m Its exercise in this Territory." : ; However,, if the liberal party push women t o the wall In the political struggle nsthey seem 7 determined to do, they will not achieve the ob- - . Ject of their ambition, and will most assuredly get the ill will of all womea everywhere who are demanding political" recognition. Iri these mountain vales there are hosts of young men, as well as old, who are by every right of birth and intelligence entitled to citizenship, who will uphold the Constitution of the United States awhieh--'i?Whtirf-"6ma7th- -- -- ' def-er- t " , five-hundr- ed un-comm- on able-bodie- s, uncom-plainingl- y, 3 g" be woman's intelligenceoUld thus Again and to exercise for the beneiikef a wrest the again have the liberal party soughUo ballot ftheTwonien of this have each time signally as futllo as failed. k doubt tb9 last will to ..inff imw nnxiOU3 1 - ...,,,1 a,. ; ; the liberal party were, Pk tojjfc, f .- liberal party, who in her "downtrodden cond t to deprive her of -H- would be erals to cheat ths women can! . Jpalitlcaiis ty it bavebeenb not appeal It Vj1' th oui -- s in-trigu- their side. ' ' . EDITORIAL NOTES.- Sisteijs D PRESENDIA c1, their . visited. :, - lu Kimeall and Zina Relief Societies of Davis Stake, held at A. Friday, January 19th.Mrs. Nancy Clark, presiding. 4 I A W lO f Q - . TVl IN the notice cf ibe atam oi a Snow published Dec. 1, issue of our paper, ty citf A very pleasant party was given in the Lion House parlor on' Thursday evening, January -5th, In honor of Sisters Eliza R; B. Smith and Zina D. H. Young. Sister Eliza, as sne is ar- t fttl nrnci DAITsnf Ctlinfl - KllTl leCllOIiaiCIjr CUUUBUj nuo cvTvu.j name is day, January 21, and Sister Zina, whose m m errorjsocsxwhja rTThft miatske is In her age. Sister tn 1810, as be Snow was born in 1819, and not fore published. bv courtesy of frit nds in roPAfvfi'L Washington, several copies othe "Evening full Crftic" and "Washington Post," containing accounts of the N.AV. S. A. Convention recent, " the resolutions adopted ly held in that cityand from" which we expect to during its session, as make some selections for our next paper, they came too late for tbii Issue. Ward THE entertainment in the Twentieth : - A HAPPY EVENT. e, . ell ' e, of the H. Young attended the Conference Centre-vill- pographical mat tney snouia eu votes rfor the of the ballot. Had they cast their -- Liberal" candidate he might self more "Liberal- - h ii; ; -- - prcw" and standby, the flag even under difficultiesand they will always out vote such men as are how trying to get Congresa to take from the women of Utah that privilege which they hold most sacred; and have exercised for twelve years continuously with the mo3t satisfactory results to all parties concerned, except a feV dissatisfied office seekers, who are striving to build them selves up at the expense of the territorial treasury, and not by the will of the whole pteople, but the desire to rule by light of might, taking advantage of the prejudices of the people azainst the "Mormons." and resorting' to all sorts of trickery to carry on the campaign. But this move to disfranchise women Is in keeping with the enti re proceedings of the "liberals," and is only one more outrage perpetrated In the interest of a few who desire to arrogate to themselves the control of this little portion of territory, and to oppress the rightful owners of the soil and the pioneers of the desert, who have done the hard work of searching out settlements have built the roads and bridges, made peace with the red man and destroyed .the wild beasts and reptiles, until it was easy for others to rame here and acquire wealth and position. set Toe fortitude and endurance of the early tlers of these valleys is deserving the recollec- . tion and gratitude of posterity. Those who par-endured the priticipated in the hardships and settling this country, know vations incident well how to appreciate the blessings of prosperexertions; ity that have followed their untiring of their and are certainly the best guardians not own freedom and the public welfare, and will or surrender the fort for any political whim not while they have God and right on . " nn ThnrBfTar vnfnc. Jflnrar" iV. was, we "i?3 tand, c TWt enj oy able aflal r "The Institute finished, on that day,the first de- --eaae. sneecnes were m&ae. ion es. reciiaiions and brief, lectures eivenr some sweet music was . rendered and a manuscript paper, "The Index," .. was read. After the exercises the guests partook of refreshments and the whole was followed with dancing. The house was crowded, invitations having been given to many outside the Ward. We acknowledge-wltpleasure the ln- vltation extended to us, but were not able to at- - tend on account cf a previous engagement. On Friday, January 19th, the firsf annual meeting of the Seventh Ward Primary Association, of this city; was held in the Ward Meeting House. Mr. Minnie H.James, presiding. Bishop Thorne and Couneelor McLechlan were pres ent, Mrs. M. A. Needham, President of the Relief Society, and other members of the Ward . -- The annua! renort and treasurer's re nor t were read by the secretary, Fhich showed the Association to be in a prosperous condition, - The in- crease in numbers aunng ino year uu ueen decrease,' 14. The exercises were excellently rendered, and the selections were in good taste. The first was a song by MiBs Minnie Funk; next, ''Nearer my God to Thee," by' six little girle; recitation, Master Samuel Andrews; dialogue by seven little girls, about a bonnet; recitation by MasterJLeo Foster; dialogue by three little boys and one girl, on smoking;- - song, AHa Mnrv AWorn Wnndbnrv : recitation. Miss Lizzie James; organ solo by Miss Alice Lambert finished the programme. During the year past, one ofhejCpunselors, Mrs. Jane James, had been removed by death, and the Primary has increafiecLJn.Jiumcers so iaai u wm luuugut au visable to aDDoint two more Counselors to assist the President in her labor of love. Two Sisters had been selected and Sister Eliza R. S. Smith officiated in the nominating and Mrs. Maggie W. Y'oung and Mrs. Louie Woodbury, were unani mously "sustained aa Counselors to aid Bisters James and Broadbent in the work in which they have been so efficiently laboring the past year. Brlaf addresses were made by Sisters Eliza It. S. Smith, Louie Felt, Ellen C. Clawson, and E. B. Wells. Bishop Thome made a few remarks exMcLach-la- n pressing his pleasure, and Counselor pronounced the benediction. This Primary is one of the best conducted we have ever Rr'hnnlhnruw of .. I. ? 1 on Wednesalso a household word, was sixty-tw- o to day, January 31st. The committee arranged make" the party a conjoint affair as the ladles have been so closely associated In their labors; ih nflnr!p. and also in family relation- " g- ships. - X, There .rtmti LUUlClCUIilVU ' wereaDout-eigmy-perBD- ns xbih 11 m wm-- to enjoy themselves in nrh other and con wcratula- - tiens of the honored ladies were In order. One of the committee read some letters from friends a poem which. absent, and who were unavoidably . ... i i had been written ror tne occasion vy auKubi Joyce Crocheron. 1 Mrs,, Zina Y. Williams, in a mo3 . graceiui Sister manner, in behalf of the ladles, presented Eliza with a handsome slik cloak, accompanied which she included by aretty little speech in Sathe remarks made when the woman of maria poured" the pyecioua ointment upon the 