!l" 5 " s the" Women of all Nations Rights of tHe Women of:Zionf:xand tlie Eights .THe , No. 87 HEBER C. KIMBALL. and considerate, even to the mendicant in the street and to all they may come in contact with, a very halo of beauty aLonce seem to turround them, and every" right feeling heart 'Exclaims, evendf the lip u silent, how 2iulrl have lound one I desire to mutate. True, genuine politeness is as free m air! there is no stiffness in it, no "putting on style;" that is a bogus affair, and at once denotes the ' True nobility is ever humble and plehian. in the purple," , unassuming; they were ""born and wear it naturally as their daily clothing Were we to come in contact' with the'good old man, the Emperor William,' we would sec one we might feel was "one or us and ai .Norwich friend rjf mine, who often sees the Prince of Wales riding around, when sojourning at his seat of Sandringham, speaks of his great affability to all classes, at the cattle show -- sh akin g hands- - with the hordsmeri,'and con with them as if they were his equals, and that he is delighted when he finds him-el- f taken, for a Norfolk Squire, etcetera. Queen Victoria has ever been - noted for her condescension; always receiving as favors to herself the, attentions of her court and servants. Iy young friends, drop all paltry assump-- . tion, be determined to be natural, but see that nature is cultivated: in the highest school; and remember, the best and highest teachings you will find in the Gospel; that alone will give the first principles of politeness; and thoscwho graduate throughitS" varied" "forms" will most assuredly attain thc coveted diplomai ihafwjlL fit and qualify them to pass through life, to everyone by their kind, affable, deportment, that condescending they are living Christians, and cousequem ly daughter's hand has raised tho veil That hid Jrom stranger's view The spirit gentle, pure aud 6weet, 1 ho spirit grand and true; . And those who deemed hiiu stern of mieu, And ewiU and keen of word, Judged by the meed that error won In duty's service heard. A ; . .And .he, who as commander stood, In childlike weakness bent Heading for etrength for him, for bar "Whose lifo with his was blent; Ab, skeptic, yo who knew him no,: Your judgment false withhold, -mankind Ills story could be told. Scarce less than love he gave to (Jod .. The love he gave to theee . The true companions of bi3 youth, And children round thrlr knees; Vet, on the altar he resigned -.The dearc6t joj-s'o-f earth, And Ibva divine, descending, gave - Gifts of celestial worths" 4he-gIfU4f- ,-rich - - A "contrite spirit, broken heart," . And noble work fulfilled, These were the sheaves he carried home When his brave heart was stilled. : Joy, Immortality,, are bis,... His humblest prayers are won, And heaven unto earth bequeaths The record of its son. cvi-denti- -- self-sacrificin- ... . " " : ...Auursi.uJoYt Sunday, Aug. 20th, BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. Fi Id ay7 "January 2nd. The weather was clear and cold this morning. At an early hour were stirriug,7 those who sleptin the-Tem- - e -- Cr.ocnKKO'x. - 155:?. y . ng -- - IlAN.VAir T. . Salt Lake City, Sept KjN:. j a "BE COURTEOUS." "WE AIM AT NOBLE WOMANHOOD." These words are a Bible injunction, written with its usual sublime brevity; out our Lexicons define the word "courteous" as "civil, well-brekindness, favor, civility" all this is part of the Gospel, and should be inserted into our uauy vuuauuiaiy, uctausc iuu eitrcue ux u is called for continually. It is getting to be thought, and taught by some twilight minds, that afl'able, pleasant, condescending manners are servikl euch minds have no : comprehension of what is truth and beauty; so far from this, there is a high-tonemost exquisite politeness, that manner e would perhaps repel a person not accustomed to etiquette and polite society almost as much as a freedom of manner used by an inferior .: character. is It a general complaint that the children and young people of the L. D. S. are very in affability and politeness, i. c.7 in good manners in goncral ; and an y one who ha s mingled in polished society will acknowledge this to be an absolute fact Havo they acquired the notion from the book of the aforesaid teacher that they will compromise their dignity by being "courteous'? Let mc say any one who is satisfied that their dignity is fully established is never in the least fear of compromising it! but when we see a real lady or gentleman affable, cncle.eendiiig, gentle What is noble womanhood:' Is it to 'dress, - sing, play upon the organ or piano, or make a fine appearance in company, all of these accomplishments are very well in their places, but they do not constitute a noble woman. The mind may bo well trained, but unless the garden of the. heart i3 cultivated, and good seed d, . d of-th- ' de-fiicie- nt - - There are many people who 'are wel educated, who are anything but noble in charwomen. acter. ' . . - noble is gown we will never, no, never make 1 ,'; reach it. Let w set our aim liigh iml We aim at noble womanhootl. Let us" become women .wherever we then true, may be found, whether in the kitchenj garden or parlor. It does not detract- form the lady to be able to make a nice loaf of bread or cook a meal of victuals, inJact there is no real lady, in my estimation, but that thoroughly underaffstands everything pertaining t air.-:. Therefore if wc c.vpeet t runic up.to our aim, and be true, noble women v wc mu?t understand all these things. There is no place that makes a young lady appear more lovely and truly lovable then-whelooking tenderly and lovingly after her younger .brothers and sisters, doing everything for the comfort and happiness of father and mother and never remembering self, except so far as dignity of nte nree.iry t' n character and lhc-- nolde-hearte- ?fdf-re?pe- et " - d hnu.-fchol- and a large company had assembled in the ves-trwaiting for their washings and anointings, although it had been supposed the work must cease for a short time for want of oil, but several bottles had. been brought in for temple, use by various individuals, so that by the time it was wanted there were seventeen bottles. . . These were consecrated by the Amasa Lyfollowing persons: AVilA. man, George Smithy JosephYoung, ' liam Crosby, A. 0. Smoot, Charles C. Rich After and F. D. Richards. the business of and cxercise3 "the regular day were over and the meeting of the High Council and the High Priests were closed, we had some excellent instrumental and vocal music several members of the band having been invited in by Elder Kimball, viz.: Win. Pitt, "Win. omith-ers- . Clayton, J, F. Hutchinson and James They performed several v very beautiful pieces of music, and at the request of President Joseph Young played a Fisher's Hornpipe, upon which he broke the gravity of the scene by dancing by himself. President Young then invited some others - to join him in the After a short time dance. spent in dancing. Elder Hyde made a short address, and requested those present to unite with him in thanksgiving and prayer to God which they did. ; A new song composed by Wm. Clayton, called "Come with me," was first' sung by Clayton and Hutchinson, scconV panied on the violin by Pitt and on the Jmviol by Smithers- - When thi wa3 over an address wa3 made by Elder Hyde. After the address and prayer the President gave permission -to any one to' speak, or pray, or shout, 'or ?penk in tongues. No one seemed to ljkpoied to mt-thopportunity, whereuponinhe prc;i.knt. arose and made a short address. ,, f we now 'havo which to the alluded He privilege, of meeting in this house, and said that we could worship God danctpn'? well as in ' Tho way t'vv i6 to other wayt;. grow aiKl'thrivc is for us to serve the Lord in all wo do; and as wo have called upon the dif- -feu nt quorums to meet together once a day, it .villi eventually bo with the whole Church. There will be houses for them to meet in. Remember the covenants that wc have -- entered -into. No man is to be tilled with lightiu:-.no brother or sister will be -- allowed to cpeak It evil of his brother or sister. we is tho duty of the quorum to meet together--cannot enjnv it but a ehort time, , g Saints. ple y, even the Church of Jesus Christ n, .. .. SCENES IN NAUVOO, AND INCIDENTS FROM H. C. KIMBALL'S JOURNAL. rbeariB the first-borof Latter-da- Aunt Hannah. . . -- : Manuscript paper, Youiig Ladie' Journal,' .1 Nephi, Utah. ; . -- i f'e. 5; ; " rto 1 bering that we are the daughters of God, by keeping His commandments,. being chaste and purein every thought, and in the end we will be worthy the title, of "A Noble Woman."' " Grand in his stature, so his soul ' In strength majestic bore A lm rden of his wounded heart,; Nor ein of suffering wore; The eycHbatrpterced the false of heart As clouds by lightning riven, Within the walls of home Illumed Their lives with light of heaven. -0- S uch ayoung lady is generally beloved by all who know her, she makes sun-hin- e t he rover he,goe?, and is - what I- - wou Id term a noble woman. Let us ail keen our motto m view, 'remem noble . m-the- - ? ; - 