1S6 SCENES IN NAUVOO, A-X- D the th; he :avv "J B. Backenatos came td liro;HvT Guddard's (aa we were then. emiceaiedj ay tug tu u.s that lajor Warren wis iuu lojiavo jia interview wun tne i weive. AccordiugTylit : three pni. Brother Brij and Lewis ; Dana (Oneida natiorf . lie 'savv " We ordained Joseph Herring an Elder, 1'vh Daaa having previously been ordained. Wo .hadtwuch' conversation", with them aude'e'eiveo!-muccounsel from them us to the traits ii character of the red men- - . Backeiistoss and several others ': came ito ;my,; house in the evening, andveral tune were : played on t mtLbv Sifter Pi t chfo r --remember INCIDENTS pa . h SY GELUN MAR WIIIT.N'EY. The first meeting held in , the Temple at .." Naavoo was on . Sunday, Oeteber 5th, 1845. - I was present with J&eehoir 7"on ihb occasion, .also1 at Conference thethrejU6wlDgyavr iiiecQOir ana orchestra j occupied, .a ganery at lajor; Warren, CaptaiiB Tu rner and Morgan: " ' .Inliii TavlAr ( JiAnrti A S tn ith, tos were -. : . i I7ii tliI- -- jurnalr" I .take from my fathers journal: -- "Meeting opened at five minutes to eleven by rresiaeni jd. xoung as a iorm oi aeuicauon ' .Lprliyer.-- - Grea joy and gratitude "was felt by the Sain ta to realize this blessing which they had so long looked , for. . There were five thou-..- . rr? rwrmn .ni, pntpA rnm fnrf ifK-- .no: d ' , - " . . iney inen wenjoacKjojuarinage rv "WedSesdav. 8th. met much", business was" transacted. Presi dent Young spoke upon the thieves who were in the place, and Mother bmith spoke at some ' Thi3 length, day wa3 the close of the conference. All things went off in uuion, not a dissenting voice in the congregation, and a perfect union exhibited by the Saints to remove from the country the coming Spring. All these things transpire in answer to the prayers of the Saints, who meet together constantly after the Holy Order; and the glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost for His blessings upon Israel." , "Thursday, '9th. In the morning I, with my brethren, met for prayer and - then met in the Temple to counsel them on going east, etc, to sell property, and much business presented. In the evening the usual company met for prayer; the following things were prayed for the prosperity of the Elder3 in the United States, and the brethren on the South Pacific Islands, and the brethren in the West among the red men of the forest, that our enemies may be frustrated in all their designs,, that confusion and disorder and 'treachery miirht enter into fTipir rnl-W the sick of His people might be healed, union preserved, and that all of lib servants may be saved from their enemies, that they should not have power to serve their vexatious writs, that the Temple and font may be finished, and 1 - : . ; ' 0 : i .' - . self-defen- se ' - I i.:, tu i.A- of the brethren came in. for counsel. Joseph Herring (the Lamanite) was one, about going home west to his tribe. This niht. . I returned home a3 the pose had left vi ith their writs. Thursday, 30th. Bishop Miller and Brother Burdell returned from Springfield, whither thev had been to visit the Gov- - - ernor." ;;; November 2nd, he speaks of .El- Saturday, ' i J '. . dpr Hvdft nrparhinor nnnn thp finhipctinf-trtw-t" followed and gave an excellent exhortation much in .the eame strain. I also spoke and couuselled the Saints to pay their tithing, etc. In the afternoon met the first emigrationcompany and came to a partial organization, and gave much sel and instruction on our inteiided removal." t r Tn a Timo KKUinanr nn r rr iror omp orti unable to attend tobusiness. On - the 7th ! . y - -- . -- - t i at five p.m.. with pretty good feelings. Father wrote, "Wednesday, 29th. We spent. part of the day at Brother Kockwood s. Many . . iu us . -- it;.v-Backen- i , - y t,T dedicated and consecrated to the most high God, that ;Hi3 servants and handmaids may obtain their ordinances and7 of sealing the Priesthood, and the way V openedpowers forTIis Saints to go to the west, etc." : Pa tne 12th he mentions twenty-fiv- e captains being appointed," and all the to number nine called out Next companies day he, with metYoung, counsel for with two president Lamamtes, Joseph HerriDg (Shuwnec tribe) - . Tvh?Pr .Tnfin some few. companies were called out preparatory to organizing for, removal. In the afternoon the four companies were addressed " "A by President B.Youngil: "Monday, 6th Our General Conference assembled in the Temple Jor thejfir3t timeuch business wa3 done. The Twelve met. in wwn. cil and for prayer, morning and evening, to our Heavenly Father to stay the wrath of our enemies, and to overthrow all their. designs, T T Li. J.L - il... rr. L' 1. xiu .1 we tnanKt xlis nas uone inus iar, ana wnicn holy name, Tuesday, 7th. In the morning the Twelve met forprayejiJnesualplaeer .. vxmieieuut! mm iu me xeiuj)ie. 1 preacneu.in the- morning, together with Amasa Lyman. In the afternoon, v?hen the Conference was assembled, .Major Warren came in with his posse of troop3 and surrounded our cannon, supposing it wa3 a mob, President Young dismissed the conference and told the brethren to go home, and let every man be prepared. Warren commenced to search nrm nrtwn hnnwa west, d western frontiers, more - especially those who have cast their lot with the Latter-dasaints. in her with But she, though children, poverty was never sad her countenance always wore the same pleasant smile. . She was happy in the knowledge "that she had gained a key that -- would open, the door to the true riches that can not perish. She early sank under the man)7 hardships and privations which befell the" latter-day pilgrims while' 'journeying westward, but members of her family are still living in Utah who honorably represent her name; I also remember the following incidents, cdpied s V "from father's journal: "Tuesday, 14th. Mary Gont was sealed to Lewis Dana, a Lamanite, by. B. YoungJbeing a wife sealed to him under the New and Everlasting Covenant for time and 'all eternity, she being a white woman." Her husband was civilized, and had been an Elder about four years he being the first Lamanite ever ordained an Elder in the Church of Latter-d- a v Saints. Wednesday morning, the loth, father re ceived a letter from SherjffBackensto3, rean "interview. "At twooclock-h- e at hi room in He then and there the Mansion. . his mind and views me gave concerning the we to believe, he firmly and professed religion positively believed it to be the truth, and he intended to embrace it by going forward in the waters of baptism soon, and he would go with "us, the whole extent to the expense of his life and all he possessed." Much rumor of "Saturday, 18th. ? Elder Hyde returned home war. fromthe east and brought five thousand yards of topsail Russia duck." This was for tent3 and wagon covers. "Sunday, 19th," he wrote, "Met at thexTemple' in company with the Twelve. Elder Hyde preached. At four in the afternoon the Twelve met their company to organize them in the following manner by placing captains over fifties and tens, and each captain organizing his own company." On the 20th, he says, "Greneral Arlington Bennett came into our city had an interview with him at Dr. Richard's. I solicited v him to meet us at John Taylor's in council this evening. He met according, to agreement continued with us till ten o'clock." Next day . posse of the Governor's troop3 came into the x interfere with any one and city, but did not ' ' .. soon left. He wrote on the 23rd, "The Governor's posse, consisting of thirteen men, came into the city to take Bogus Press, and searched Brother Wood worth's house (one of our near neighbors) and then left the city. Onthe 24th one of the Governors troops wa9 shot by Brother Bigelow in (not mortally). Report says that General Arlington Bennett was hissed out of Carthage yesterday. "At this time matters look dark our enemies are much enraged. Wherein we have asked the Lord He has ans wred us in every instance; I therefore feel to praise and exalt His holy name for the blessings and fa' .' vors to His people Israel." : served on the citizens ot'.this place. President, "Young told him we were perfectly willing so. far as he and brethren were concerned, as he and his brethren did not hold any official office in the city or county. That we only governed fhf rrifirrprs nprfftininfT tn thft nfmrph Thia 0 . inp: items r-hr- : miatner mentionswaamv music ieuenr w'a her name I 'could. hard ly ' remember.-anihis pleased to see it mentionedin was She hM'a little, delicate frame-anlike thousands who have emigm-tefrom the cities of the old . country to the ; riiltr4n-4Mtpri'i4'U- - hitAnranle"down the river, and he says, " On ...the 10th Brighara- Young, Bishop Miller and - "I borrowed six hundred dollars and paid Brother Russell, as he had bought one hundred thousand feet of pine boards. This will finish the Temple.;' On the 11th he says, "The young people had . ' An I and myself took supper with them by the request of Benjamin Johnson from thence I reV turned home." this" occasion remember as a very pleasant I one, and the mention of it reminds me of an incident connected with it My father was quite a favorite with the sherifi. and T beiner thereV with him he renuested the nrivilece of takinor me to supper. He also invited me to dance, and being the guest he was invited to lead out , at the opening of the ball. During the dance, nt ouch rpsf. nf "th lirrht fant.a?!tip. tne." I was entertained with the rehearsal of whathe vision he called itt and gave me his interpreta- r n a xrrll n rr inn no v rn a Knf trn rr t and could gcarcelv appreciate or view it in the same light that he did especially as coming from that quarter; besides, being in the midst rf q r? oil rrVit Ail nnirlrilln flint wiflr ihtt thril-- . ling music of the band was far. more to iny much more exhilarating, than was taste, and . t i i t i x i .i ne seemeu.i uetcriuiucu me SUDiect upon wnicn to dwell. Sheriff Backenstoss was a friend (no doubt) raised up by the Lord to favor Hispeople at that critical . time. His resolutions, which he expressed to my father, even if they were made in good faith, were spoken too loudly, as he did not hold long to them. I believe that Satan is ever present to take down notes, and he soon learns, our weak points; we should therefore put a double guard upon our lips, and when we vow we ought to say, The Lord helping me, or aa said an ancient Apostle. "If the Lord wills ' we should live, and do -- this or that." To be Continued, . 