... ".. .... -- ' let , while it by N. K. Whitney; we had singing was passing around, liien, r. r. rrau arose and- - spokev andW-Wi-Phe- lps spoke greatsolemnity rested upon the brethren anoVajaters; John great union in our meeting. Smith (the Patriarch) spoke a short time, then Elder B. You ng said, this quorum should meet here every Sahbath ami parteke of the Sagra- ra ent. I'h ey gave us ool counsel our pany in Philadelphia, wishing- to purchase ' - the 17th, lie wrote, "Egan and Lathrop got Mtv. The letter was writteuat Bioomington. ; v were hunted v iome from St. Louis, The following ha wrote "December othat: . , by enemies at every point," half past eleven my yife and daughter, Sister On the 21st he. mentions-- a sheriff by the Whitney and daugWr Sarah came to the name of Stigall coming there for Brother Fel- - ... '' - Temple for the "purpose of doing some sewing.' Jers, "because (he says) Brother Fellers drove r They commenced working at 'off his own cattle this is wonderful." "At t. . thfi- - rinpinc of the Temile ixtrolrra nVWV Backen-- . seven in the evening stos came innnd.' wid thrF Major-War- ren it ' came at Two swore if the Anties would not" help hinf bring Young, wife of President YoungV : ; " Z in the afternoon.", thoso.inen .who killed, Durphjr' ta justice he we that and remember this circumstance, would leave the county, nd wan ted Backen-sto- s with sat in father's room, next to B- - YoangVwho, his forces." to go for them with hi3 brother "(Uncle Joseph) came in and are :Jf;5iirt& sang some hymns Sister Young assisting them: putting onihelast coat of paint in the upper Uncle; Joseph sang "The Upper Qalifornia," rooms of the Temple. Two stoves were put r and the rest joined in the cnorus.iX"At four up in the largest room, and they were cleaning o'clock (he says) Sister Vilate, Sister Whitney, out the upper part. The font is going on Sarah Ann and Helen left; I went with them several of the oxen done the horns are on." to Brother Kingsbury's; took dinner from v 25th, I with Brigham Young and George thence they returned i home, and I to the Tem. A Smith spent the forenoon in raising money ple. In another place is the following: "At for the purpose of sending to St. Louis to get "three o'clock William brought his wife, my iron also clothing for the Temple hands, as . "daughter Helen and Mary Ann Sheflin (father's . they are suffering much for the want of the wife) up into the attic of the Temple; I took We raised some money to send to same. from there they . them through all the rooms "At St Louis by Hiram Kimball. ' into the went the of tower; A After top two o'clock I went to Bishop Millers, to the dark they came to see me in my room; I bowed wedding of his son Joshua. My wife and son wit ti mem Jeiore tne -Jjora - and callea upon WiPjam2and idaughterzHelenTwentwith him and asked his blessing UDon our heads and B. Young and Bishop Whitney and . -- , . all went home in good THE SUFFRAGE FESTIVAL. - BOSTON.. .:-.r..- . . me.-Presid- ent ft QJ families werejresent!jLl-J!Zbout-sixtpersons took dinner had good music and a splendid time." I remember this" occasion and can add my testimony, to his of the agreed-able time we spent! About- - this time a letter was received by Brother . Lewis Bobbins, from William Smith, which, father said "was read in counselit wu 113 wlihmtth against toe Twelve." A few days later news came that. William Smith and George J. Adams were giving their affidavits against the Twelve as treasoners. Those twe men were guilty of treason, and were inspired by the father of lies and sought revenge for nothing only because their own wickedness and; corruption had been bronght to light, the same as do all other dishonest apostates, who seek vainly to bring des- truction upon the Holy Priesthood, and those whom they have withdrawn from; but they only destroy themselves, by becoming the instruments of his Satanic majesty, who knows as well as we "that the salvation of God is sent . unto the Gentiles and that they will hear it." On the 27th of November, father wrote, Silas Haight and Halkins Taylor came into our city to take some of the brethren prisoners, being authorised by the United States." - v "On the 28th they left the city, (father said) in answer to grayer, thank the Lord our God.' He wrote Saturday, the 29th, carpets were laid down ia the- attic story of the Temple. They were sent by different ; ones forthepur- y LJhankedJiimthatehad-givenshlspr- lege.: On Saturday, the 6th, everything was completed in the attic story of the Temple, and. father wrote, "Peac dwelh here in the house of the Lord. We all feel to rejoice before the : Lord, that he in his kind providence hasper- mntea iJia aotvsmta to imxh th uttio. . When we left the room we asked the Lord to bless Israeland hold us in safety till we could rive.fiomeof his faithful Elders their endow ments" On Sunday all of the holy order were x n ia gainer saia; istne wnacmuic lucre advice of President B. Younc. and , . -- ; ' On the 2nd they received a Utter COod wmow, dosepn burr, John Bcrnhie, W. W.aid Jon wewt4,We clothed PheS vJ.Z' U Lucian and Phebe Wondwnr.l, h?jll "gjtag at two o'clock with prayer , ivx aiucr oonn xavlor y v. .poke a Bhto. then time; H. 0. Emboli . it Tiog nii'ic Tii nasi i.. his room and if? Lro ??Sr J """u uu mscoucn. iilder o tTtt . , Auer ne a hVm - ami ftoovSm.' SKf V, and the others of the 30th, aboul i twenty brethren in all clothed and offered up the dedication pray r of the upper rooms." "December. 1st, A. W. Babbit got home The tidings are oi ine noiy Urder of the Holy Priesthood, having received it in Jhe life time of Joseph qtiH Htmv i C.!at. il mo- rropnet 4uim uwjiu, andi ratriareh: President B, Kimball, Vilate J&bSfo. Hyde, Parley P. Pratt, JIary Ann Pratt, John G Smith, ffiiSLe050;Taylor bmith and Willard Rich' ard,, H,gh Priests and their wives,:, John and Clansa mith, Alpheus and Lorfs CuUer Reynolds and Thirza Cahoon, Newel K. and .Elizabeth Ann Whitney, Cornelius and Catharine Spencer, MilGeorge and ler, Joseph - Young, Levi Richards.Jlary William and his xter Mercy R. Agnel bmith (Carina Sr:k o :j Thompson, ) HlSSSg wall w ineuittiolics. an' t G.I. j the weather went io uaviu x uimer s and sealed.two women to him for time and gave some counsel, then returned to the where I found my wife Vilate , BishoD Temple, -- "XA iiic, xicocufc were me j which father says, "are members persons, luuyx J TUDdayi will come and partake with us the Sacrament nm uyuuimuisLereu inis gives tnem great "Sunday, 7th, snow' faUing - Mr Vifate, bister E. A. Whitney and V her daughter Sarah and Sister Bathsheba Smith came to assist us. President B. Young, H. 0. Kimball, 0. Hyde P. P. Pratt, Smith, O. Spencer, L; Woodworth, G. Miller, W. W. Phelps. L. Rich- ards and A. P. Rockwood were present, and at evening went into the room ofB. Young, which $. the southeast corner, and bowed ourselves before the Lord, and Him thanks for his goodness unto us in gave sparing our hves to finish &isuse, and for many other received. " m lA and huL YonnS - fc?3 by -- m e u mball v xxrl'7' broke bread, which C-- Kimball. b7 Elder B ? Joph Young and carried wound - - . f Z:--- . tl : blessings spiritsTESrii So popular is, the SufTrage Festival and - Banquet which the New England Woman Suffrage Association shares with the Massachusetts Association on anniversary week, that tie tickets were all sold, long before the festal day arrived. But the demand for tickets continued to such an extent that two additional tables were set in the chapel adjoining the Meionaon to accommodate the demand, and still other tickets were sold for seats in the and the. platform were gallery. -- The-tab- les beautifully decorated with flowers. It was a pleasant sight to see the long row of suffragists time at thetables so well spread by the excellent caterer, Harvey Blunt, and released, for a little while, from the constant uphill road over which all reform has 7 to be carried. Mrs. Julia Ward Howo presided. Aronnd herjon the platform were invited quests, and some of the oldest of the suffragists, Hon. Thomas Russell heinc on her richL rwith James Freeman Clarke, Mr. and Mrs. Livermore, and Miss Freeman. On her left were. Mrs. Elizabeth B. Chace, Lucy Stone," Henrv B. Blackwell, Mrs. Clara UNeyman, Mrs. Anna Garlin and Rev. William Spencer. Mrs. Howe always requires a song before meat, and 1 a suffrage "Song of Freedom" was sung, all joining. After supper, 3Irs. Howe made the opening speech, and announced the toasts with grace and wit, as she introduced the speakers. The first toast was 'The Golden Rule in Politics," responded to by Rev. James Freeman Clarke, which was followed by "Fai r Play' Mrs. Julia Ward Howe; "Good Resolutions," Hon.. Thomas Russell; "Liberty and Love," a poem by Martha P. Lowe; "The Woman's Hour has Struck," Mr. Charles H. Codman; "The Age of Chivalry," Mrs. Clara Neyman; "Woman as a Reserve fWce " Mrs-MaA. Livermore; "Signs of the Times," Mrs. Lucy Stone; "Women in . Universities," Miss Eva Channing; "The Commonwealth," Hon. Charles W. Slack; "Stronff-Minde- d Women." Anna Garlin, Snencerf i'Onr T!n- mies," Miss Marr F. Eastman; "The vJng-a-pleasant-so- cial " ry Sympa-ofefonis,- A Rv. Frederic A. Ine Granite State." Mrs. A monio Hinckley; . q-w- w. ine speakinz was intersnprp nf Uaspard Alaeder Jr., placing two fine violin solos, accompanied by Mrs. Gaspard Maeder. .. Mrs. Flora E. Barrv h !n!mi'.M.-.- &n the Song" A LuBaby, t te Afro,w ouuerson, My jo." ' The Festival : -- is indebted to Mrs. S. G. VaitI music, wnicn was an vlAApA . m1? Tr' forberaccompanimentaand to Mr. ha m Mcrnail for th ; t. rX !. W too short. Mrs. But the feast of toasfa and part unsaid. The time v. ia. Mioa oeverancft. ;1 n, m Rev. William H. Spencer, Dr.; Mary close fr'tofo a fine tea o'clocfeu ceayany to B- -T-,A-i--- tha airhoaesT J. Saf-- exercises came to a . oimfAf ?a WhitUer pvea; by H.; AiUd Lang Bras sans, in - " - : a r 'BlwiWeU, with ru .-J- ir.t?: " w" 