xivtuv uw! nistcr exuoritxi : me vmm Jadieor t ne wJLiUllgence Jn the - patirof commended their lalxr m the pat, and blesseilthem for the efTorti they had put forth to bring ethers Into the work. Confer ence adjourned for three monthiHuDK Doxol- ogy. Prayer ty L. O. Richards. rVVe .hof ere; this that- the "ladles "of Utah -hare read Dr. E. B. Rarney' advertisement and propoll tlon to them, wh Ich was published In the We pray you to repeal eomuch of the act of - This being an exceptional bnportunifv. and tuch a liberal tOer, we tru&t an. effort will be made Jn this direction. It la somethlnglwe have long needed. We have visited the IVs., residence, and find she la making all preparation to be ready, having fal th that her proposition' will be accepted. Her rooms are neatly furnished, light and pleasant, and well .suited to the. needs of the student. She says she is anxious to distribute the knowledge she has gained among the Saints and we doubt not she will make the instruction useful and interesting. - We hope that Presidents of Relief Societies will take it upon themselves to make selections, and wake up an interest, and If necessary aid those that could not otherwise effect the desired object, and in sickness they may have some one with knowledge nd skill, while at present many wards and settlements have no cne to refer-t- o In an emergency who has the requisite skill. Sisters, consider the great : need there Is of assisting In preserving and prolonging life. In addition to the offer made In her advertisement, Dr. Barney Intends to have lectures from other lady physicians, cf acknowledged ability and experience. The Dr. says it will require ten days to get the necessary book?, and she hopes to be able to commence the class in April. ' . . MEMORIAL OF UTAH DELEQATE3. In the Senate of the United States, on Friday, February 23rd, Senator Call presented a memorial of Delegates from the Constitutional Convention of Utah, which was referred to the Committee on Territories and ordered to be printed in the Congressional Record. "To the Honorable Senators and Reprcstnta-tlve- a of the United States: T The undersigned respectfully and humbly present this their petition and memorial as follows, to wit: We are citizens of Utah, authorized and in8trucjtedjbyjhe peopleof that Territory to do what is proper and possible for the preservation of their rights and liberties. In their name we pray you to consider the situation in which your legislation may place them. We feel sure that you will at least hear us, since our worst enemies do not pretend that we have lost the right to petition for the redress of our grievances. For certain reasons, elsewhere given, and which need not now be repeated, we are entirely satisfied that the act of March 22, 1832, was an assumption of power not granted even to Congress by the Constitution. We admit, however, that we are not the ultimate Judges of that question. If you shall be convinced that yon, and not the Territorial government, have Jurisdiction to legislate on the subject of marriage, divorce, and other matters of purely private and local concern, and if you think it propsr to exercise that power without regard to the nearlyunanlmous opinions of Jthe people affected by it, then we beseech you to modify Jour law so that its penalties will be visited upon those only - who commit the prohibited offense and are legally found guilty by a Jury impartially pzl&tri. r . 4. , - Whatever may be the authorizes, or reetn to authorize, the diftfranchisemenCof . rrsons who are not . convicted, because it1s"'aaeLpnnu4j.cent flcte UPU petfion conclailyfely-fitfei-unif- ed . 1 fce innoctnt. - 5IE?115P ' ; ; . -- to-- r . your jaw will be eliminated. No groaeer viola-tio- n of common Justice could be committed . .than criminal law operating ex post facto. Respectfully but earnestly we protest against the CDmmisEion appointed under the. act of March 22. The people of the Territory had a clear and unquestionable right to choose their - own local officers according to their 0Tn established laws. Congress decreed that: this right should not be exercised except under the five persons to bs appointed by the President. The commissioners, being appoint- -- Oj.unaer tools the duty but did not nerform it. In consequence there could be no election without a conflict with Congress, which we were unwilling to bring on, however certain we were -- . -- super-vislon- of obgJntheright,JIherewas and aa a no election, legal consequence, the incumbents of the local offices held over agreeably to the statute in such case made and provided. But an attempt was made to punish the people of the Territory for the default of the commissioners by seizing the local offices and putting the public money into the hands of the Governor and his retainers. And this, we are sorry to say, Is asserted to be In accordance with what is called the Hoar amendment, hast- ily and inconsiderately stuck into the appropriation bill at the close of the last session. It is clear to us, and must be to you upon reflecV tlon, that this amendment has not and was not intended to have the effect claimed forJt J but if the courts of the Territory should give it that construction all control of their own affairs would be taken out of the people's hands and free government In the Territory would be at an end. We submit to your candid Judgment whether the repeal of this amendment is not due to the character of Congress as well as to the Territory of Utah. So, and so only, may all pretence be taken away for the perpetration of a huge political robbery. The people of that Territory would be unfaithful not only to their own rights and the rights of their children, but to the cause o liberty and Justice everywhere, If they did not demonstrate as earnestly as possible against the; bill of pains and' penalties reported by the Senate Judiciary committee. In open defiance of the Constitution,-i-t authorizesthe rcapture"and" Imprisonment of citizens, male and female, known and admitted ta bs perfectly guiltless of any offense. It violates the sanctities of the family by compelling husband and wife lawfully married and living together in conjugal har-- . mony, to testify against, one another. By a legislative decree purely arbitrary, It disfranchises all female citizens, though their right to the ballot Is vested as clearly as that of the men, and though it is not pretended that they have done anything to forfeit it; the injustice would be no greater to extend this disfranchisement to the whole population, and probably is expected to follow, "either directly or indirectly. The pendingbillrabollshes the election dis tricts for members of the Legislature, and if it passes no election can be held unless a commission of Federal officers, known to ba the bitter enemies of popular government, ''shall rediatrlct the Territory. This bill passed in its present shape, , and added to the hostile measures of the last session, must almost necessarily result in the destruction of the Territorial Legislature, the seizure of the local offices, and the subjuga- " tion of nthe people to a state slavery. of Ignominous that no honorable man In- -' '" :v -' that the- retroactive feature of xnt cf the Jurisdiction over our local aflrrs which you may think it right to claim, we are 'a'e in assuming March 22 a nt, - In .orurofCongieia will gtaiid u p 16 defend m ea?u tea fvr bidden,, as they are, by the express words of the Conitllu- : tion. g :. , Nor can any excuse be found for thera in the . which U protested .by. many, and by some sincerely" felt, for the doctrine of pla-r- al These jemlties fall on the marriages. " whole population without- reference to the per-- : sonal guilt or innocence of indlviiuaK They are stabs which reach the vitals ofjiivil liberty ' " " and do not touch polygamy at all. We bring no railing accusations against our enemies at home, who have labored to excite animosity against u? to break down our antipathy . - " Terrl-toljoyermn- nn manage our own affairs by agents of our own choice. But we cannot conceal from you the dread and terror with which v,e contemplate ' the bare possibility of being placed undertheir J domination.: r " ;:" Possessed of despotic authority, with law In their voice, with unrestrained power in their hand, and a helpless people under their feet, they would act after their kind and plunder us without remorse. What chance of Justice willv we have if we submit to their exactions?. What ""safely for our lives if we, resist? With what reason can we hope to escape the fate of all other communities placed in that unhappy situation? Our cae is even more forlorn In its Outlook than any that modern history records. The men who are striving to become our masters claim the offices and funds of tho Territory, which are our undoubted property, in defiance of law, Justice, and the rights of secured to us by the Constitution. they succeed It would be mere madness to ex pect the smallelt regard for our rights of private property or personal liberty. The undersigned were specially entrusted by the convention. which framed;for the people the " constitution under which they hope to be ad- nitted as a State, to lay that Instrument before Congress and usk that proper action be taken7 thereon,. Inasmuch as our constitution is faultless and our population much larger than that of seme States already In the Union, we venture to hope that our admissiolT will not be unreasonably delayed. We implore, you to take our case Into your consideration, and save us, as far as your sense of Justice will permit, from the. great calamities with which we are threatened. And we will ever pray, etc., John T. Caine, self-governme- nt If F. S. RlCJIAKDS, D. II. Peery, W. D. Johnson, Jr.- OBITUARY. Death has made ead havoc in the little tovrn of Kanab, ia tho past three months. Many homes hare felt its icy touch, and many hearts haro been left desolate. The aged, tho youth, the kabo and the young mother, TiaTe been ruthlessly torn from onr midst. ItJs peculiarly touching to see the fondly expectant mother clasp her Infant to her breast and yield up her young life for that of her offspring. It Is with regret that ire record the death of tiro of these young mothers. Nor. 5tb, 1882, Elsie, wife of Joseph Ilamblin and daughter of Nephl and C. AJohnson, departed this . .. life, three days after the blrta of a 6on. and Nor. was born She 1861, consequently was 5tb, , e she died. the day twenty-onAlthough she was daughter, and younjj, she was a good Saint, a dutiful ' ; . , and mother.. . a lojlng wife From a child she waa proierbial for her truthfulness. rae'iater of tha Relief Society, bat baTlog Sha was ' 