! - " iMIIIlW" 7 r Ill r I, f i - - WW - - - mum ,11 K r 11 It. fl ' ,; ii,.,.,-.,.- .,- "II J H I - W ,i Siriiia To 1 SALT.; LAKE ADDRESS LlzA- - R.Ssow SMrTn ina? A5i -- D. to-nig- The precious years tince first we met ; They've- flown so quickly, and each one'." Has grown in value richer jet. ' at that time had not known tAs night winds - far-of- f 7 - , t, And still for many years to come J " May truest friend sf'their greetiags hrliig," : And in unbroken circle join - Augltta Joyce 1,1,; No. - I I. 17.- .... uju urat cnronicies 01 ner aaven enlightenment springing "from faith in the our latter-da- y itl)on earth, to )o his companion and aid, work, and are making great tnat W the greater beauty and charms of their mark as physicians, editors, writers, as she could modify the coarseness of the. presidents of Relief and rmprovement societies --Sterner sexrthat to as great an extent (all things considered) as while'he, strong landisturdj,- battle with the should; are the Iadie3 in older and more highly favored rough scenes of life, in ' - the countries.; ' struggle :.for - existence, - she could by the y gentleness of her manner and the feminine We may thus conclude that the sphere of woman extends into any vocation to which she graces" that all true women possess, render his ' The sacred writ declares that can give her sole attention, and also, that she i3 man is not perfect without the woman,- and as much of a success in what she tries to do a? --vice versa. In what fathers. and brothers. r. oureartkvherc partn there is a semblance of a house do we not find can be measured as to her intellectual status woman the prominent figure, and who shall byjthe right enjoyed by woman, I claim for our that as social system the highest position as being emsay empress of the social circle of a happy home she is not the equal of man; and phatically that one which, if fostered and susis this not her true sphere of tained, will give to our wives and daughters usefulness? Who that has watched the loving wha'tever blessing their heart; desires and all the rights they can enjoy. From " The Index'1 mother, sitting by the bed of sickness and has Keen her patient, untiring power to wait upon" Vol.'V.f No7 hTv:entieUi Ward Institute.' the unfortunate; her loving tenderness towards renegade children; '. her patient endurance in DIVINITY OF THE BIBLE. the trials of maternity; herself-denia- l in times of adversity, and other evidences of the great-- , A short time ago I wa3" asked by a lady if ness of the feminine heart can deny her sex I really believed the Bible to be a divinely inwhatever right will contribute to her happi-- . spired book, and not merely the writings and ness? Who that has felt the, magic tenderness wjsdom of men alone. I wa3 somewhat surof the soothing hand of our wives or mothers prised at the question coming from the source on our troubled brows during sickness, can for? ... it did, for though I had heard men ridicule and get its influence, and what touch of man's can mock the idea of ita being of sacred origin it equal it m intensity of-- expression? vas-th-e first time Thad ever' heard 4trdouhted It may therefore Ibe briefly summed up that To me it bears on its pages the woman. a by man is greatest abroad and woman at home; seal- of its divinity, ia its own strong witnoes, thus are they equal. How many instances are and viewed in connection with the signs of the there in tho experience of thousands of suctimes as they are transpiring daily before our cessful men where the quick perceptions of the eyes, it seems to me thereis nopossible room softer sex have aided and guided the states-mafor doubt, that tho blindest of the blind might see if they would, but there are none so blind and patriot, warrior and pioneer to success? History is full of such instances. The ophopeless as those who will not look, who resotoils the in share are to sex always ready posite lutely close their eyes for fear they might perfor whether of and. man, see and have to believe. chance battling .. struggles I freedom or , as pioneers seeking homes in new In thinking on this subject events recorded is she who therefore dare that countries; in the Bible, scenes therein portrayed pass besay a born drudge? Who is woman? If I were fore me as a grand panorama, and for me to best suited is asked what kind of employment doubt would be unpardonable sacrilege. The to the other sex, I should say that any kind account of the creation, the council of "Gods, that -- need3- nimble -- fingers more- - than- - main their decision and the accomplishment of their strength, in other words that labor that does designs and labors goes far beyond anything not taxjthe back more than the hands. Women man, by J!iis wisdom alone, has ever produced. - excel in telegraphy, photography, needle work, Although somewhat changed and marred by in as as clerks stores, the handling oi uninspired men, there 13 enough music, medicine, surgery, from do but detract not as I of the beauty and perfection of the design, of artists, teachers, the previous proposition that she should excel the plan of salvation, and a wisdom so far in the art management. Jt should be superior to anything we can fiud in man; that maxim established that we mu3t look beyond him for it3 origin, and a definitely competency the light of the spirit of its great Author will Jn houses government should stand first in the their enable us to read and understand . aright, to - minds of mothers,when teaching daughters -life. some of A of duties the knowledge 'r partially see i t3 "magnificence, but all its glory : is beyond avocation always pro vesavailahlewhenad of mortal sight. ; when and a a down overtakes into The of woman, and lady leading Egypt Joseph versity .his father's house, the building up from them settles down to learn any of the above spheres of usefulness; let it be one she loves to work at, , of a great nation, their bondage, deliverance, she be learn and travels in the wilderness is a marvelous successful; if and she will sure to work and a wonder, beyond the power3 of man -- one thing well it will come into use when . to even imitate The book of Psalms, Proverbs, thrown upon her own resources. ZT'.l-.--' - The arises the whatr of etc. bear too plainly on their pages the stamp is position question of inspiration to be1 doubted by' any honest woman under the influence of the "Mormon" faith? I3 there any part of the principles heart, and'when we turn to the Revelations the the us of therein contained, to the prophecies of the to thrdugh instrumentality fiven Joseph Smith, that assigns to our Prophets; and see how they have been and are ladies a degraded 'position? Are there any being fulfilled the blindness of the world is a the in enh'ghtened marvel, and seemingly their ignorance unpar rights enjoyed countries that the ladies of Utah do not enjoy? donable, because, willful and unnecessary; but comHas she been denied any right, socially, "they love darkness; rather than light, be- -' cause their deeds are evil." And when we mercially or politically under the social influences existing in Utah? I say not Our turn to the record ef Jesus, bis teachings and ladies are showing tho effects of the true works oa earth, his crucifixion and resurre- " to-da- y ... Ifa-c6mmuni- ty ly , thou, my page, gently for me, And from my heart this message' bear; when friends in love surround, ". Jfy spirit shall be also there. - 1, 1883. arfi-lie- That I haTc met and won such friend.s, lint keep it also through the life That through eternity extend?. : CITj LTAHrFEBRUAKY pre-eminent- Their praises of thy lives to sing. ' .; - (, may I never lose tho joy . . ct. , ' And nearer coming also fonnd -- These, rich in wjojri, near my Eide,Jr True friends, who lent their helping hands, And gave their loving words beside.-:-- - To-nigh- ,, i life-perfe- sounds may bear). Go r : Aught worth the name of sober care, Though premonitions sometimes came ' i : - 3 ',, her-person . My life . of all Nations. a iui H. YOUKG, jAN'L'AUr 25, ISS'i lJic'er liftd 'counted till tk-TTomc- "' '' '' "' The Eights of the Women of Zicn ,'and the Eight? of r0L. 11. - - . " .' , mmm - -- - , CKocnEROJf. -- THE SPHERE OF WOMAN. BY C. Jl. SAVAGE. There are very few subjects upon which , opinions Vary as much, as upon the sphere of the gentler sex, and the ideas concerning her true position are different in every clime and amongst all people. It 13 left to the negroes of central Africa to give us the picture of woman in the lowest state of existence socially and morally, for nowhere else can she be found in a more sunken or. degraded condition; and "if the horrors connected with- her capture and , sale into slavery are added to her previous condition, her state of being presents the most intensified degree of Human misery. : It has been stated that as fast as a nation mcreases in inteilijrence so doe3 the social position of the female rise toa higher plane; the question- - therefore arises, admitting thi3 proposition, why should not our motherSj, who bear the brunt of the social tie, enjoy every right and privilege that the sterner sex claim? Who can say just what she should do, or what she should not do? On the continent of; Europe, in Germany, Switzerland, France, and - other countries, she can be seen working in the fields, gathering manure on the high roads, helping bricklayers, cleaning streets, unloading - Steamers, and performing every other kind of - - " rJj.jdeadeiiuig-j)ccupation- - .until, in. form s, aocTfeaturc she loses the gracefulness which constitutes the prominent charm of the sex we Jove, and yet in spite of these facts the inhab-- 1 itants of these countries consider themselves the most enlightened nations of theearth, and easily get ridLpf the disgrace by assuming that be the Borne person3 are necessarily born to more under servants and slaves of others born favorable auspices. With all such conclusions I most emphatically diflTer; for nowhere in any sacred writing do we find that she was ever allotted any inferior or degraded position; but , on. the she was given as a helpmate - contrary -- u, . . ' -- of-hous- -- e the-concepti- on . " . : -- so-call- ed -- :Z 