V W O M A X s is "' vita 'israe 'sUt.chit Jtajtifcesu aid ?u tie sitiabciliing ! ffn lirei. cxjaif 2131 Scaith fcuTbinJj ijrK;;.Bf4sii3 c'ac i ite first sury is bulls 0 rhi:e iczelast hte the Te:rp. and t3e ! cf th en ret n Ho: of .one ii the wing-- of the sYiie et:ne is still standing, it alone is 123 f L, I jng, 83 you can irnatne how long they intended it to bs. The other stor.'e3 are of Brick, and all sfeak of how reniirkabie, it that they should' hve stood a long. The staircase ii or walnut. .. Tae river i Jan a fese ' etepj frooi the west door; the oak trie uie still 8 landing; trumpet viae and tbe flowers have,; climbed to the top,- and looks, leauiiful. We hought a picture cf" Joseph Smith, and saw pictures of the whole family. In their parlor was the old secretary owned by Lifyrunudmithn it Is elegant, but very old fashioned; an oid cht cker tabl that Joseph owned, al-- a bureau that was very handsome, and an old .center table elegantly carved. We then went across the street to Joseph's old home and drank out of that old wtll too, and saw the grave-yarThe house U jut tbe tame old house. We eaw where they aaid he and hia brother lay; the grave is between two locust tree; we b!bo t&w the IJt.li fruit frame that stood over the grave for yeart; next we eaw hia old houBr, it was" well not heed for anything. From there we went to Aaron Johnson E;q's. olJ house. Tnecld print-- " log office was moved away up the river, tut we saw the h juse, and went all through it. they took the old ,way last winter, but the -- ret-i8 much tiieeamt-- the aweeteat yciuog married woman lived there; she was so kind ' and felt bo sorry for ui btcauYe we cried, Hhe had a sweet Utile baby about ad large as BsJle, with blue eyes. 1 cai,n ,t express my filiugs here, I wacoaipie ;ely broken-down- , an J couli think of nothing btyou, my ownsweet mother,! and of your soiruw. Kix. we vient to H. C. lvimbxll,4'. and it 1m a crand lsv,trin 1. ..r...,. z in the center cf the old Loum is a white rock about two yards in length wifi 11. C. K , 1545, engraved upon it. There are smo Germaus liv- - -leg in the house; the were ve y kind to us and tokusall through the house; we went Ju the large room and the t wo bedroom-ustairs in all the rooms, and into tbe tbird' story, and up on to the observatorj ; tbe.e ii the most beautiful vie from there 1 ever saw. I of thought Auat Helen, and 1 d n'c blam Ler for fpehklng to oiteu tt Ler bomt, :0r it is ful. 1 bought htr piere of a Ja gfc tv.rgrten" They have balls a wj. g on and the whole place l joka lovely; there is alto large bl ck of redBtcneon t; e easti ie of the house vwitb the v-- s i-- V - o d. ' " pre-erve- fire-plac- erg avJug m. we nent tn Helled father, B shop AVuitney, llvnl; the u use Is all gone, and tbe pteAhst j.laca m Kuvoo stai.da tu the ground where t,h hcmeHtu; the old bak steps there still. Tht-- We ient to wh tt used to be the old grave aid; a me of the old graves are sii 1 left iu the people's lots and others are moved to the new cemetery' From there we went bck to the hotel. Mr w-r- X E JV T dru k r u t far ui and . all your property that we deed e, with or without hw; we will degrade your children all we we will heap insult en ins ilt upon you until you revolt, thea we will "call on the military to exterminate you; mobs have kil'td cur prophet? . ... 1 muurc ' .1.111.. anu tf '. "" BE LLE N-x- i e u Smith, the old mm that took ua around, tWuT that all Joseph fropheciesTiadcome "truTbuT" one, and that wai about the "M ormons" back. HesaldJcssph said it Should comine bfcome a vineyard, and the M,rn!?ns should driok the lnn5ndUhaLUmathereerenogra7evine8-thii- -e. Now it Is Indeed a beautKul vioiyard-mle- s and miles of grpevloes and and we had some cf the wine in Stnothlnelse Lmi'a tt - ,a n euou.a oe and should decried, a ded city; and oh, that is true! There Is tbrtl cannot express. I forgot to tell you that we elr . they cannot fail to rsalizo their loss keenly, aeverthe-leswo acknowledge the hand of tha Lord in our bereaTement, and feel to Bar, "Thy will bo dhn." Leonard E. Harrington waa born Jannarv 2rn, iots ' Deak Editoii: ... I am brim full of contempt and at the actiens and rulings tf the disgust grand Jury, prosecuting attorney andiuiges,the whole heap of them, Senator Eimuods included; anj if ycu can find or imagine any words which can morn fully express my contempt consider them said. It is a disgrace to 'the whole nation the way thsy are aus?n g that noble woman, Balle Harrsand htr baby. Never glory in be'ng an Americm ciUzen egaio. I was born in so I wont have t share the odium Euglandl that is fast makiDg the United States a hisa and a bye word amongst the Monarchal Governmentsvof the world. Don't tdk abont the 8panlsh or the Star Chamber after this abuse Trqiaiti n of an cent woman. If the United otates are Inno not in" a auguratlng religious psrsecuticn agaics- - the Litteray Saints I am mistaken; (I know t am noOthey havak,n the right of frwefitrfor doing hat whk-- was not an cflen.e time orc mmltal; they drag wnnen and baba! from Ihr home, and put them in prison th out trial of ary kinbecue they to answer impudent f" question; granfng, Bake of argument, that she is aplur WY'I has children in the marriage don know a ythLg about never havw'een the hdy, what right have criminate herself; is thi LlL fT' ch.. question to a murderer or h k ber, but she, poor thmg fa M 011' ih makes IJ the differ nce at New Liatwn, Oswego Co., New York. "Embraced cording to.thni and "(axatlnn but II,. about ' 2 Wv cwa ccmc:ence. 'epresen,a,1 " Oh consciences T to eralcffi3ials t out or your sou that Ij v,f 'entity who . mro.J evT vnn 1)60 e ill rejigious fenffme, buUT the PenI- - 1 t I t i v - c - w al in ta fy dst . th,. Mart Fixdlet, T ' T? f at denly 4 ' President, Emit a Featuehstoxe, Secretary. Jane thMrs; Jan,t Bishop Sharp's, ia the home of her fir of tb. of tfci l ng ing anc of loo ing in zeal fnl mos one Gibson died ud daughter J harP wm tho widow Elder Gibson, who labored for manyfvears as a inkaionary ia the old country and also in America. was bom in Johnston.-Renfrewtr-7a-nd, October, 1313, her maiden name waa Nicfaol She warmarrled to Wm. Gibson December 6th, 1SS1, in Paisley She was baptized into the Church of Jesns ""-daSaints at Paisley, November 24th 1340, by Elder Francis Sprowl. During the time Bro. and Sister Gibson rcm.Ined la Edinburgh afrer they received Brother constantly en- tha 8pread of the principles of VFromtlDff truth, tempon.1 afTalra were a secondary consldera-t- l Sister Gibson labored faithfully in domestie and was also zealous In spiritual alirari ----- y ur tho - .r (a - riend wffl I ff Dden, - ar-.riv- nil noble - a Gospel in 1512, and gathered with the Saints at Nan- too; Bhared iu the persecutions of tho Sain ta, and In Salt Lake City in September, 1347, hariny crossed the plains In the first company of families that came, la 1350 ha bocama ono of the first settlers of American Fork, and has never ceased to labor for the Intereat of his ward as Biihop,; counselor, father and until hi demise, which occurred Jane 21st, 1S33 The funeral was tha largest one erer witnessed in this 7place. At special meeting of tho iWllef Society of Ameri' can Fork the following resolutidns were unanimously adopted: Whereas, Oar Heavenly Father, in hia infinite wi dom, has seen fit to call from our-miour beloved -friend and brother, Bishop Ionard E. Harrington, and, Whereas, TTe misa bU kind and fatherly counsels, realize that in him we have lost a firm friend, a man of God, and one who was loyal to the cause of hia religion, and that of his country. A true friend of woman, who did not heeitate, In his unflinching Integrity, to plead her cause in tno Legislature of the Territory, la Convex tionand in every place and at all times, whenever opportunity presented itself, Therefore, be it resolved V tbe Relief Society of American Fork, do ' deeply deplore the loss of our beloved Bishop, Leonard E. Harrington, and that we truly sympathke with the bereaved family.ia their great affliction, and pray oar Heavenly Father to console th.-in reavement, and be unto them an ever present help in h r ' By the death of Biihop L. E. Harrington a gloom ha beea cast over oar little city. Having been Bishop and President elnce toe organization of American Fork as branch of tho Cnurcb, he has endeared himself to tha hearts and affections of tho people to that extent that E A BY. J ' . IN MEMORMM. - Loun: Wells. H ARRIS AN D ' : Lovingly, ' - you-shal- ntlx pryor the health and tafstyrory bu ' ' 1 j all. Give cur love to all the folks and to all the children. I shall try and write up my first steam-boa- t rld for you. We are gf ing from St. Louis to Chicago, and then I expect to go .iirect" to Massachusetts. Good night, dear haart. ' . yur.m.ewg.iuc'jL ni croreyEdnaTdo eo agalu. The American Nation ii a prof nalion, but you are only a handTul of poor deluded fool; we are .gain to get rid of you now you have made this country so that we cm uTJ in it, and we intend to have it for us aud the vJ minority to dwell In." Ye, ycu hve done these thing?, and more-'- ' you have insulted and i jiprisone l our befet ratn women and children, and will continue to do e0' until the Lord says, enough. Then woe, woe unto ycu, for the plague-- , sorrows and desolation that will fall on you and follow your footstep l wherever you may g; see ycur dear, est hopes blamed and come to naught, and the cup of sorro w you are pressing to the lips of the Latter-da- y Saints you shall drain t the dregs for it is your wages; the measure you give you shall receive. Mary' " Grantfivllle, July 27th, 1SS3. .y e p rue - ejvh 5?aiilhd 0 the Very e'd well Oh; such n day. I Lever ex- peJt to any thfog lik Jt ag.iu tuch fe lit ge, pis; (hey are Uyoud all defcriptijiu .Every ftep I tock I wondered If you had efer been there, and bb, how I diJ ?or; In y.m. a?nl .ak. ppk you questions.' It seemed as if. jou must be . there, and Iwoald turn around to look. 1 never had such a strange YecljsgCJceuld not find fa therV house, but saw the Masonic Ua'l, where they told me he once had hia offlc''during some trial, but there was an old gentleman, a Mr. Morrell, that called inn me last night, and waa to call this' mcrnlag, that could .have tjld mo everythiag, bat we c 4 me a wa y so early tha I could not tee him again. We had to come on this steamer for there was no tell.ng'when there would be another, and we feel anxious to getonourway eift. I should love to see you all. There is neyer-o- ne moment tha t you ate not in our thoughts. I wanted so much to tay my letter wss from Nauvoo, but it waa so near, just as we left, that I guees I might say so. I do not forget any of you in my prayer?, but con8ta d, ; ' J cu I '; E XV jbil die .labo . K y Jpel, Gibson-was-alm- ost af-fair- s, things, Be, 0 com Hou tim? 