W 0M AN 8 cotupipiw tuutTii auu nuanciai pecriiiy to receive particulars llnroniJ o a condition. " ,i E IP O N E N T. 149 P ave never before Keen a por trait of we have seen many styles, . both aneieu t and modern-wh- ich came anywhere near Iq our opinion, a correct -- ur w - 1"? COUBIflrpnt ir!o wuu ji-j il... uiwu man t luat 'v,"v' miht live. AHother artUtr whose id w have examined, in their over anxietv to make"' nim app?ar beautiful, have simply rendered; m : eIIem!Date and in nearly all paintings of his uescripuve Passion, in order to depict the intensity of- bis , sufferings, have imparted to the countenance" an expression of despair and .. pain as undignified at It is ordinary and repul- ive. The e h turetf, together with the'Htmo-0- d coronp, bteiluz halo or moonlight Uck Srund heal, as unsightly and unnatural jkfl feathered rwing - given to this day by zr ravior-a- nd organjza-- T - ur own,,nd,for.' lietfeTjBoclety countries. Therefore, when fcuch organ eln ' that are nQFJocfuM In the several - Stakes of VJon here at home (that report through the Stike Secretary) they should be re- -' ported separately In branches to the Secretary of the Central hoard, Mrs. Sarah Bait Lake City, Utah, Box ?85, as f.oorias praa-tlcable," now and hereafter twice a year, In time 1nt th f enerarreportgAi we are aware there " ire many of th ese branch of the Title! Sccie ty that have never reporteJ at all, we would ug. gest that In the first report made, they give date cf organization and what Elders officiated in organking; names of officers and such other data as relate thereto; that all may be recorded ln a thorough business-li- ke In 'za-iorex- ist ri-Tirv- -- ; 3f.-Kimba- l!,7 , - . . fur-th- Christian limners toTtheir angeliand immortali have invariably spoiled. lot ourtasteevery-pictori-al : representation containing them. But Do 6, with the characteristio daring of true. . genius, has departed entirely from tbeEe traditional custms and given us in this sublime creation the spirit of a God in the body of a mortal man that we can truly feel - approaches thesomething inimitable likeness of One who was indeed fairer and gentler, but at the same time mightier and more powerful thn all the sons of men. Even the d scarlet robe Is dispensed with, and in its stead the god- manner. Hoping that this request may meet with a ready. responf-eand ever prayfor those engaged In this great and good ing we are work, your sigters. In the Gospel, Eliza R. Snow Smith, Pres., " Sarah Mr Kimball, Sec, Central Board Belief Societv. li One of the mo..t eloquent sermons we have ever experienced, and certainly one of the most ..... marvelous ever rresched tbroughjbe medlum-o- f the painter's art, is on exhibit! m aUJheDqr 6 ir Gallery, ""35, New Bond StrtTLodon. We refer to the mamTaotb painting by M. Qustave Dor 6, entitled "Christ leaving the Prfelorlum," already celebrated in Europe and America, and pronounced by. competent critic3 to be the most wonderful production of palette and brush which the present ago can boast. It was exe cuted in Barls, fron 1867 to 1S72, but as the work ; was not uninterrupted, . it can scarcely be said to have .occupied that period in painting. As a matter of fact, the time expended on it was less than three years. It was in a forward but unfinished state at the beginning of the Franco-Germwar, and during the siege of Paris lay carefully folded up and hidden away in the earth, to preserve it from Injury by shot and ehell or casualties. ; At the close of the bloody and ruinous strife it was resurrected and brought forth from its fiery baptism and burial, and, as if still further a figure and type of the Divine character it portrays, perfected and placed on high to elicit the wonder and admiration of the world. The first, though far from most important feature which strikes the beholder of this beautiful and sublime specimen ofart, is its immensity. The canvas -- containing it is no less than twenty feet in height by thirty in width, and : takes up one entire side cf the Gallery. The figures covering it, of which there) is a veritable multitude, are life slzs, and so strikingly lifelike, that at first sight they seem to be actually moving about upon the canvas, thus investing the picture with an inexpressible charm while clothing it in all its fearful reality. The sub jet explained by the title"Cbrist leaving the Prretorium," the artist having chosen for the theme of his masterpiece that thrilling episode m the history of our blessed Redeemer, wftere He, after being tried and condemned before Pilate, is descending the steep stairway leading from; the Pra3torium'or Hall of Judgment on His way to Golgotha, the scene of the crucian other-impendi- ng 1 fixion. , - The figure of Christ, to use the language of the writer of an excellent critique on this cele. boated picture, "is nothing short of an inspira- - : ous kinsmen and associates ioua ro hr flft rnllsnt Annas and :rr: " Alex- - . v t UML.AA. bWA. w w m w - " - J polluting kiea betrayed, wistful to fly yet power- less to move, and feeling, notwithstanding his conceaimeniinaii ine g f ye me ui Master is even now reading the secret thoughts" of his heart, he stands as if riveted to the spot by the conscious horror of his crime,' glaring gloomily askance from behind the green'sh cowl which lends additional repulslveness to his features, and quailing like a co ward at some invisible fo9, endeavoring In vain to quiet the "Dg like pangs of conscience which are ned rows through hia EOul. It h indeed a staading fome of ills own " majesty, from the desecrating touch cf those thirsting and clamoring for his bl ,od. is- fi?.ht nf fim dnwn which-H- e slowly wending hia way, i besieged on both sides by the excIUd populace, frantically eager to catch a glance at or gloat Insultingly over the downfall of the despised ,Nazarene, and only restrained from cflering violence to his person nlnna her ander. But there is one face, in all that motley throng, upon which it is fearful to gaze. Second only tp that of Christ in power of attraction, though for a far different reason, and so hideous of aspect as to send a shudder through the soul of the spectator, what shall-w- e say, countenance of the of we can what gay Juda?, the accursed! Half hidden by the crowd, yet plainly conspicuous from the position he holds, T ia g otheroreyoiithfulhlaoesscrueTahdTnvI-- ke The Savior, fot the moment, the spear ehaftg of the unfeelinor shldiern. nnrf hem raed In ty he "ur.-lncrowd, appear two femais forms," oue of them ple anl delicate, though very baatiUfUl, arrayed U blue and white, whese ad fice, sinking, frame, downcast eyes ana sweet auu silent expression of sorrow, -- . pleased." 1 but who baa braved the of ordeal the and dared the danger of agony the occasion, to obtain a passing farewell glimpse of Him who is her soul's idol, the be-lovea liemg to wnom, nuttnree ana tnirty years before, she had given mortal birth. Her com- , pan Ion is Mary Magdalene. un all sides gleam me distorted visages of the rabble, their eyes glistening with hatred and their tonguss uttering execrations. One can almost hear the shouts of "Crucify him! Crucify hlmi" swelling up from their maddenca throats. Here and there amid the throng may be picked out faces that suggest for their, owners members of the Apostoh'c Twelve, sid, silent and non committal, the trembling victims of human hope and fear. More than half wayv up the steps, a little in the rear and to the left of the Savior, stands a group of three persons, richly appareled in sacerdotal robes, with haughtiness of mien and malignant triumph stamped on every feature. In the foremost of these we recognize Caiaphas the High Priest. and in the others, one bent-w- ith age and the -- Je-li- e Is even now piercing, like form of the" noble Sufferer, full of grace, of gentlene?s and unassuming dignity, Is arrayed In a garment as white as the purity of Hirri who wears it. The head is crowned with thorns, - from --every b3rb of which, buried deeply in the brow it encircles, trickles a tiny rivulet of blood, npt far enough to disfigure the heavenly beauty of the face beneath, but enhancing itacalm and patient expression, and imparting to it such a vivid phase of reality that instinctively our hanJs go up to our own; foreheads as if to relieve by counter pressure the cruel anguish of the uncomplaining.Martyr; who?e sublime suffering we behold. The hair and beard of the , Savior are of, a sunny auburn, and Interweaving the tmses that fall gracefully upon hfs shoulders, course streams of deeper scarlet from the wounded brow above. The eye has a wonderful expression.' -- Full of anguish softened by patience, and of holy indignation: kept down by a compassion more divine. There is no weakness iu that look. It Is the face of manhood, of Godhcod in distress.1 No petty anger gleams in that celestial eye, but from its wondrous' depths the soft rays of pity shed their lustre like the stars. It Is the look of a martyr going williugly to hia grave, the aspect of a King, of the power he could wield, but unwilling to exercise it for his own preservation or the punishment cf his persecutors. Around the head plays a delicate halo, so soft an(Psuh-- . dued as to beall but unnotlceable, not as if put there by the painter's hand, but as If emanatcloud-hun- g ing, from the face Itself, or as If the skies, already dark wi th the I mpeudmg-shadow- s of Divine displeasure, had rifted sufficiently to send forthjjdngle ray of light head of the mighty Sufferon the sorrow-bowe- d sign of. the Holy er, and while the do Ghost descended upon him, the vo'ce if the Eternal Father was again heard whispering: "Thfaismv beloved Son. in whom I am well all-consc- of-th- with tears, contrast strangely with the -- wild and vehement grief of her, companion, who, throwing up her hands and uttering a despair Jng cry, sinks down upon the ground where she is In momentary danger of being trodden under foot by the heedless and howling multl- tude. The first Is Mary, the Virgin Mother, through whose JtehderjBoul the prophetic sword' ' 2 est . time-honore- A SERMON ON CANVAS. In-tens- e f AnftVi In rv An am')i in U ILa tone and to fill the eyes of all who behold -- , by the protended spears of the Roman soldiery, engaged in clearing the path towards Calvary. The balconies and high, pieces. on either-han- d are also filled with excited facei and swaylnc TormF, bent forward in attitudes "of the interest. At the foot of the stairs-ar. the huge forma malefactors lifting up the cross wooden which is about to be placed heavy 11 notl , TTl iho r1olfo fa b j that shameful burden bore the sins of a fallen world. Te the left of the picture; a little way - poi-whoa- -r- fearfuMight re Theuintesence of horror and Perdition personified; llell in one human countenance! Awful even to gaze at, what must It have been .to endure! As wo before that terrible picture of stand misery and guilt, cur tympathy for the con remorse! . spell-boun- d 