to dig their money out of their vaults; bat he wished it understood that while we make a liberal propositien to dispose of our property, we must have the means to .help ourselves ".7, - away. to to write was said their object Mr. Tucker each Bishop and enclose our propositions in a letter, at the same time advising him itier to rnmp himsftlt or to. anooint a cOminltlee of SCENES IN NAUVOO, AND INCIDENTS FKOM H. C. KIMBALL'S JOURNAL- .ET HELEN MAR WHITNEY. y Saints, -ff- TWpttiW Oth. Thft Twelve ...met in counsel at Willard - Richards' with two rti'"""1 .1 ! y - Jt uatnoiics; mr. lucicer 01 iguincy, ana iur. "TiiPsrlav -- . . 7" 1 f .r ' Hamilton, of Springfield, who, came to con- tract for our city." Wednesday) ipth" Father wrote This went up to tie Temple in company morning a J T , llw 1 mm I Tr il t ing very fine but cold. i Found oi ine About "half past ten : it was reported that Priest Tucker and his as sociates were below, waiting an interview with the Twelve and council. Mr. Tucker and Mr. 11 . Hamilton were admitted into the upper rooms of the Temple, accompanied by Bishop Joseph 1 J.t- ; 7 t anai a numoer rresiaeni 13. loung brethren. . - , tion to those present. - J The propositions of the , -- i S were presented to Mr. Tucker in writing, who read them over and then handed them to Mr. I. -- 1 TTnMlUnx .1 wuu, msu reauJ it mem. fill j.ne genue- men were men invited into rresident Young s 1 ,uwm J I A - ll. - ' me xweive, were George Miller, John M. Bernhisel, Joseph L. Heywood and William Clayton. Mr. Tucker made some observations respect- - . jL'. mo Jt itu mam ruums niA inn pmn ii President Young' repied and explained in re gard to that matter, also the pulpits, place for etc. J.and alsn t.hfi tne orcran riHaV rnnma Mr O VUJt ALUt ucoiuea wicocjui., A A of our public buildings. In answer to which Elder Hyde read aloud the written proposition and offered some explanations. President Young remarked that we wished to realize, from the sale of our property, sufficient to take all our poor with us in a comfortable uiauucr.- - u ue was aioneine his couldjake -- wife with him and make his way to the Pacific with little difficulty, but at the same time he did not wish to do it. He would rather have ... t.; un wugous anai go wnn ail the rest of the church comforfaKlv. BniA rfr7 Tnntoi. CA1U iiC AUVHU J uiuugnb it wouioi oe wisdom to publish our propositions in all the Catholic papers and lay the matter plain before their people should also think it advisable for the Catholic Bishops to send a competent committee to asep.rt.jtin ih value of our property etc At the same time they would use all their influence to effect a sale as speedily as possible thinks they have men in St. Louis; New York and other cities, who could soon raise the amount we want, but the time is so very short, he does not know whether it can be done so soon. He then asked ... IT xtrtk wahU 1 ::inT e wuiing 10 nave our propositions - published in their papers. President Young replied we should have no objections, providing it was understood that we reserved the right to sell when we had the chance Elder P. P Pratt thought it would be well to talk over'the propositions and investigate them, so as to have everything perfectly and clearly under-stooMr Hamilton wished to ascertain what conditions they could obtain two ofupon our public buildings one for a school and one for a church. : President Young said he was well awn Lot W men in the Catholic Church who could furnish all the money we would want at once, Jnt he supposediit-wasl. d. - w 1' trrlli , owned a wealthy bank, when Mted ' Jho not sign oft1 more bilk he reriied yhy he as a good deaf of trouble to - " pMrty, and enter into terms lor a nnal agreemenr. was large, and the sum to be raised He said .. ... t . . j. out tninKg r the time very short, could be - it can b accp able to give us a decided answer by the 25th ' ' inst. :'y ; President Young said he would like to add ' a note to our proposals before they go for pub- lication, to this effect: That if they agree to - our propositions we will lease them the Temple for a period of from five to thirty-fiv- e years, at a reasonable-pric- e, the rent to be paid in finishing the unfinished parts of the Tern pie, the wall around the Temple Block and the" block west of the Temple and keeping the Temple in repair. The council agreed to the amendment, which was accordingly added to the proposals and handed to Mr. Tucker. ' - :- AVvUiUvU lUCv a y iu - jkA M.kj w v v. mj mm Some portions of father's journal were writte Ha wrnffl "Aitpr wa hn Wt 10m 1 iivfnn ot through" President Y'oung called the follow: mg persons into. HeberVroom viz. H, G. Kim is against the law for an armed body of men to go from the United west; alleging thatjt ' States to any other government. - They say it will not do to let the Mormons go to Calfornia nor Orogon, neither will it do to let them " taary in the States, and they must' be extermin- ' ated from the face of the earth." . To all earthly appearance we were. then to be "scattered or wiped out of existence. We JklrjJckereemedlaive-muchncourag- e" ment that an arrangement would speedily be were but a little handful and no power to look entered into to accomplish what we want to but to the Omnipotent, whose hand had Both the gentlemen seem highly pleased with thus far kept us together and not the power of the Temple aud the city, and appear to feel man. But He, in his infinite mercy, had enthat the dowed them and given them the key by which Catholics should get this sanguine his faithful servants and handmaidens could Temple and vicinity. About half past twelve they departed, evidently . feeling well to approach nearer to His throne, and find ward us. greater favor, because of their humble obedi- At a ausurier taJbiir-JEl- e Hvcls eama Jntn 112 ia a 11.1111 .1rcniiirpmfinui. . . r ar.npr 1 t il j ir mv room and broueht tidmersJliatcrEheriffTlsavs. w v I cj " nvuiu UWCAb B.3acEenstoswas clear and acauited. The inasmuch as thev mftlfft nlnfa and lair nlan.tA jury said only on the part of the State it would not have reexterminate this people and destroy the priesthood from off the earth, that the cursa of God quired two minutes to have made up their :ver-aic- t. They have got two of the mob witnesses may come upon them, even all the evil which in jail for perjury, and Backenstos has they design to bring upon this people, and that gone to to the Springfield Governor to withthe Lord would preserve the lives of His serrequest draw his troops." vants and lead us out of this ungodly nation - "About half past one o'clock, father says, 1 peace.-"-- After we got through there was a jn "Mother Lucy Smith, the mother of the Prophet, uU1vviiU5 vuai luc jjum wouia answer -- our the first time that the arrived; and defeat our enemies. President prayers old lady has been in the attic. . She with Sister said we should go away from here in Young Agnes, the widow of Don C. Smith, Sister of in our enemies." peace spite Mary, widow of Hyrum, her sister Mercy The holy ordinances of the Priesthood are Thompson and Elizabeth Ann Whitney took the things... most dreaded by the enemies of lunch with my father and mother. He wrote all nghteousness, and -- it is him (the father of Mother Smith says, "Write that I ate lies) whojgat work stirring up the hearta of. hearty." " He continues, all the rooms are nicely, carpeted men to destrov it frnm nfffKo and.have a very splendid and comfortable ap- ter-da- y Saints are prepared for this and know pearance. At three o'clock that he will leave no stone unturned to accomSister Mary Ann Young, Vilate KimbaU and plish this end. How plainly we can see his MzabethAnn Wbtney commenced washine workings in the efforts made in these days by and anointing each other-be-ing the first in his agents to stop not only the the Holy Temple of the Lord." We legitimate emi-- " are here from the gration spirit world but also the lonreminded of the Prophet 111 heart from the words that Joseph's gest various nations of the The sisters are always first in all works." but good how feeble are their efforts Consul earth; At twenty-fiv- e minutes past four Mason for instance B. Young and H.d Kimbili commencld trying to prove that "Mormon .missionaries are. bringing "over paupers Elder Willard Richfor all prove but wives," thev etc., ards. Mother Smith went aoortive, the andin the through course they are very ordinances that pursuing they evening with thole who havl are inadvertantly publishing the Gospel tfuths them and making proselytes faster even than in the of the Prophet,receiving so my can missionaries we do;.and can't but wrote, and that some and the reX these words, "God works in a contmued working tiU half mysteriously Tn his three wonder to the morning when President perform.'' Because the keystJ Young wh ch were to be present-kneldown and, A. confemd beini Lyman Beed have ad. mouth, offered nn. en landed Most High, forhis t( the d?mmiStre,d goodness.. Father says," B. Latterly the faithful portion 1 ouncr and w ft. ,H n are still determined to be faithful and true to the"" MercTK.TEompon and W. W. Phelns anrl Temple of our God, we are to harassed and persecuted to the MttoSd only obtained about an hour and a half slD ' . To be Continued. - 1 f uno-cciv-e the heads of the government were laying plans -- Lz jjwj wwo m o ball, r. r, rratt, John laylory. Myde John r Xi.jragej vjcurge a. oujilu, .xiuaea, oyxuau, Newel K. -- Whitney, George Miller and Wil liam Clayton. The President then stated that he had received a letter irpm bamuai Brannan, -saying that he had been to Washington and 1 - auu-Biaw;i- -- : . Drevnreu 1 - : . i the identinen-ioicandalue tne Sister their endowments. Vilate Kimball and Elkabeth AnnWhitner, females. At "attended "to the , UI1U u Cl'JUA. JJJiuci viouu x iaii uiuio m wo xiao -- The following interesting events written by "my father as they transpired, will, no doubtr be read with interest by the Latter-da- , 01 -- . - : - , 'a- ' -- - : ffTIy . retired, the-Pnestho- od t J r tt;.7i - Zn &H -- Y0UD wentjiome, B. Young and Joseph Kingsbury's 811(1 th an! ate fereaESt, went to County Convention on aettbgim July 10th. U&J, mUr . 