WOM AN'S E X P ONE N T 130" "Gentlemen, you are used up; anti-Mo, gentlemen, you are divided,1 the n sermon-oare brethren the vou: cot the have one that voting mon3 Mount, plain, great c for ) some in few a more sentences samebr Doming, James, wav, every simple, yet containing ill. The for Bed thethan volumes of some for Coulson, and some - writings of the "most , can learned of men principles that if lived' up to Mormons have anti got you; you ttavjn would -- enable of God in- ' thecioun try re vcrYthingris in contlionj you can do nothing. You lack a great leader; you deed;; but I fear that a life time of earnest will enand endeavor be want not a head; and unless vou unite upon that study enough 10 - head, you're blown to the four winds. The able us to reach the standard of perfection will carry the election; a guarpointed out by J.esu3 to his followers that dayy ' on the Mount. - be dian must ; Hope. appointed." .'j.rv There was no division among the brethren, as Bro.. George A. Smith.;, there assured-them- , SCENES IN NAUVOO AFTER THE and that Elder Rigdoii was entirely mistaken, MARTYRDOM OF THE PROPHET saying, "the election would be unanimous, and AND PATRIARCH. the friends of law and order will be elected s by a thousand majority- .- There is no occasio- nBY HELEX MAP. WHITNEY. to be alarmed. r Brother Eisrdon is inspiring There seemed ah overruling providence iu fears there are no grounds for." the the time of the . The second : dav after the Apostle's return Apostles being away at - martyrdom- - of Joseph and 7 Hyrum, for the time had come for them to seal their testimony . special conference, to give Elder Rigdon the . with their blood. If the Twelve had been opportunity to lay his claims before the Church. there they would never have permitted them Meetings were then held in a grove some to recross the river into-- IUinois, much less to little distance east of the Temple, where a be given up, as they were, quietly and without great multitude gathered together; for this day a struggle into the hands of a bloodthirsty was to decide who was to "lead Israel," mob.. The news of their death fell-- like a Sidney Rigdon, or the Twelve Apostles. That .thunderbolt upon the Saints and sped like wild7 was a day never to be forgotten. I was fire throughout the land) and a terrible fear among the number' that was obliged to stand, took possession of the people. Believing that it being impossible for half of the congregaseek the "Mormons" would tion to" be seated. Mr. Hatch, a young lawyer, revenge, many of them lied from the county. whom I had formed acquaintancewith"at our President Brigham Young and Orson Pratt theatre the Spring previous, stood by me. were at Salem, N. II., when the rumor first We had been on pleasant terms, but lately he met - them. They went to Peterboro, where had turned Rigdonite, and frequently, during - heard confirmed a letter from it that long harangue, he spoke in defence and they by Nauvoo, written by a Mr. Po were, giving parpraise of the speaker, and tried to convince ticulars of their assassination. They started imme that he was the right man to lead the Boston for to meet father and Church. . Hevery quickly learned -- my feelmediately my Wilford --Woodruff, who had also heard the ings, and how offensive he had made himself. dreadful news. A council was then held My father wa3 seated there with Brigham relative to their return to Nauvoo. They felt and the rest of the Apostles, and I became that the Saints were as sheep without a shepvery indignant, and quite a war of words enherd. Brigham and father waited there one sued, neither of us (of course) yielding the week for Apostle Lyman Wight. As soon as point. Not long after thi3 he married one of he arrived they started for home. Brothers Rigdon's daughters, which proved to be the only Orson Hyde, Orson Pratt and Wilford Woodloadstone that attracted him in that direction. ruff joining them at Albany. They arrived at At 2 p. in. the congregation again con- Nauvoo on the 6th day of August, 1844. vened to hear President Brigham Young. ed As is well known, Sidney Rigdon, who He asked them the following questions in behis duties and moved with hi3 family half of the Twelve and the people: to Pittsburg some time previous to Joseph's "Inasmuch as our Prophet and Patriarch are, death, took advantage of the absence of the taken from our midst, do you want some one of the to to hasten Nauvoo Twelve, majority to guard, to guide, and lead you through this to lay claim to the guardianship of the - world into the kingdom of God, or not? All Church, claiming to have had a vision from who want person to be a guardian, or a theJLord concerning them, which he related prophet, a spoke sman, or something else, sigat his first appearance before a congregation nify it by raising the right hand." (No votes.) of the Saints, saying that he was the identical He said, "If any man thinks he has in fluenca man whom the Prophets had sung about, among this people, to lead away a party, let wrote about, and rejoiced over in every prehim try it, and he will find out that there is " -ceding generation, etc. power with the Apostles, which will carry them Elder Parley P. Pratt remarked, "I am the off victorious through all the world, and identical man the Prophets never sung nor build up andHefend the Church and kingdom wrote a word about." I was one of the listen- of God. Brother Rigdon has and think I few that ers, of the Saints come 1,600 miles to tell you what he wants very felt that Sidney .Rigdon,. who had deserted his to do for you. If the people want Brother post when Joseph stood most in need of him, ;Rigdon to lead them, they may have him, but was "the man whom the Lord had" called" for I say unto you, the Twelve have the keys of a shepherd to lead His sheep, in this the sad- the kingdom of God in all the world' -dest and darkest hour of their experien ce. "The Twelve are pointed out by the finger , r. A day was appointed by Marks, the presof God. Here is Brigham, have his knec3 ident of the stake, for a special conference to ever faltered? Have his lips ever quivered? choose a guardian. Bros. Willard Richards, Here is Heber and the rest of the Twelve; an Parley P. Pratt, John Taylor and George independent body, who have the keys of the A. Smith were opposed to this hasty step, and Priesthood, the keys of the kingdom of God the former counseled the Saint3 not to be in to deliver to all the world. This is true, so a hurry, but to wait till the Twelve Apostles help me God! They stand next to Joseph, "ask wisdom and of God." Elder returned,' and are as the first presidency of the Church. Rigdon evaded these men, as if unwilling to I do not- know whether my enemies will take come in contact with them, until he was forced my life or not, and I do not care, for I want to meet them in council. He was a very " to be with' the man I love." man, and upon this occasion he paced "Brother Joseph, the prophet, ha3 laid the the room as he gave, utterance to "the foundation of a great work, and we will build "Well mihtJosephus .doubt tion, words fail. "if it were lawful to call lain a man." Take following: r- -- - -- . -- -- anti-Mormo- : - ns It . . , - ' had-shirk- " - - ex-citab- le anti-Mormo- ns that with 'Mormon ism" would cease to have a being. 'Those apostates said - ?Their- - damnation is sealed; their die is east.out .ongnam saidineir uoom is nxea. - - pro la on A Imlnrli f tt Minlo f inn fnvinrwft .. - nan hnild n. kintrflnm i man r . . was thought by Joseph Smith's death ;. " Thorn is nn Almitrhtv it. w,J,.: we and can build a kingdom such as there laid, never was in the world; we am build a kingdom faster than Satan can kill the Saints off." - - ' 1 merely copy these few paragraphs to show whet her the. keys or the kingdom were held by the iwelve Apostles or by Sidney Rigdon. The : latter, sorely feeling his discomfiture, returned immediately to -- Pittsburg; and 'thr work that he accomplished is-- ' a matter of Ulion ; 1 - Satan can kill the Saints off .' We are able to testify that his words have not failed no one can denyitheirfulfilmen t..- O uxjmemies-wer- e mdea and dm not sen that "tlm hlrwl nf WQ Prophet was the seed of the Church;" nor that their predictions were so soon to be answered upon their own heads instead of upon those of the Saints, who that day recognized in . Brigham Young the voice of the true shepherd. For proofs that retribution has been meted out to many who had a hand in our persecuof' innocent blood tions, and. 1 the shedding n 1 wnicn cnea to neaven ior vengance, we refer to a chapter of testimonies which, long since, were given by the guilty, andhave-bee- n in a little book entitled, "The Mar- - r. TniT-!nl.C.1J.uj jujiuu.il v. xjituuauiu; snowing aiso how "the sms of the fathers arc visited upon the children. These things are terrible to reflect upon and --how awful to think that it suuum ue so, iiuuing 10 tneir own sunenngs, which they were doomedtq endure here,- - besides the terrible"puhishment hereafter. can Dear witness, with hundreds ot others i who stood that day junder the sound of Brig- nams voice, ol the wonderful and startling effect that it had upon us. If Joseph had risen from the dead and stood before them, it could hardly have made a deeper or more lasting impression. It was the very voice of Joseph himself. This was repeatedly spoken - of by the "Latter-da- y Saints. And surely it was a most powerful and convincing testimony to them that he was the man, instead of Sidney Rigdon, that was destined to become the "great leader," and upon whose shoulders the mantle of Joseph had fallen. I will here mention a little circumstance to - show that there was still a warm place in the heart of Prest. Brigham Young towards Elder Rigdon. It is now more than twenty years : since hi3 two eldest sons, Sidney and Wickliffe, came put West in search of gold, the latter hoping also to find health, which he lost while studying law, and had been for somo time a sufferer from dyspepsia! .Being old schoolmates, my husband invited them t share our hospitality; while they staid. : They accom- 1 panied - him to the office to see President B. Young, who gave them a kindly welcome, and 1 1 . lately-publish- - ed y . . speaking ,alone to my husband, he said: "Horace, you give those boys a home with you, . and you shall lose nothing by it." Horace informed him-tha- t he had already done: so. Everything that laid in our power was done to make them feel comfortable and at home. Wickliffe remained here through the summer, and Sidney stopped with us whenever he came in from the mines. Wickliffe was more religiously inclined than the other, and Ke expressed himself to Mother Whitney and to Sister E. R. Snow, that he would give all that he had if he could know of the truth of He wrote after returning home and and expressed his appreciation of the hospital-- , ity that they met with, while wanderers in this To be continued.) far off land, 'j "Mor-monism- ." 