ON E ;3f Tf WOMA Nf 8 K'B ..I to tho scene connected with this pa rt of our ried in the Patriarchal order of marriage, being tour. We reached Portage, however, just in season to dispel the cold chill?, warm up, and the second wife of the Prophet Joseph Smith. be on time to fill our appointment.. We had a rTTfr slater, Mary Adeline !Noble, bore the first, child in this order of marriage.' Siater.Arte--mfsi- a very interesting and profitable.. meeting, the was a firm believer in this order of marSpirii of the Lord being abundantly poured out both upon speakers and hearers. At, tho riage from its first institution, and freely gave close of the addresses, we attended her 'consent for her husband to take other wives, -matter Mowing to the f morecximpux -- whleh law heVbeyed and iheiived arid asiociat fgnbf Ladies Association, the of zation Young ed with them through life," and was ever a been -very hospitably entertained, Having mother, a comforter and companion to' them; we proceeded next morning on our way, and each cno of them bearing- - testimony to her after a..drivo of about twenty miles, amvedat merit and worth, and I would refer the readers Malad City, Idaho," where we held a very inbf the Exponent to an address of her's pub-lishteresting meeting with tho Y. L. A., numberin (ho itsuo of the 15th October last, members, and ina;very" ing about Eeventy-fiv- e which more fully declares her sentiments." prosperous condition. The day following, we Thus has another noble spirit departed, one held a "conjoint meeting of the members of the whom we would gladly have retained in our Y. L. and Y. M. M. I. Associations- ,- filled midst, and jro truly feel the loss of her society, several vacancies, and effected three new orand while we mourn her loss we testify of her ganizations. Having here finished our inter worth as a true Latter-da- y Saint. - 8he was ever esting labors; we took leave of the hospitable and a mother kind, and genial loving generous Bishop and family, together with numerous wamhearted-endsTxaiidMoee- ed friend, kind to tho poor and needyacomforter- on to to tho weary and oppressed. Sis tew, be commiles in Idaho. still distant, I Samaria, some ten forted; we shall meet her again, If we remain Here the meetinghouse was filled to overflowfaithful, in the morning of the first" resurrec-and all re- prevailed, ing and. the .1Good Spirit 1 1. .... tion. loicea tocretner; visitors ana visuea . C. to be foTgtehTTHBving attended to the Frances never ..'.-Brown, business required,- - we - left this interesting Stake Secretary R. 8, - St. locality, and turned our faces homeward. George, Dec. 20, ISS2. Our next appointment was looked forward to with unusual and extraordinary interest, at R H., Y. L. M. L A. AND PRIMARY the little city of Washikee, a Lamanite settleREPORTS. ment of about two hundred inhabitants, located some three miles south of West Portage, in Box Elder Co., presided over by Bishop Zun-de- l, d, assisted' by Brothers Ward and Hunsaker. Havingrincompany with and .Counselor, Lydia S. Pierce. Secretarv. re We were informed they had over two thousand returned from a, highly interesting tour cently six or seven hundred under through the northern portion of Box Elder! cultivation, had harvested upwards - of three Stake, in the" interests of our Y. L. M. I. A's. thousand bushels - of grain - this season , - had I trust that a brief review of our journey and quite a, number of cows, a large herd of sheep, labors may prove "of interest to some of your many horses, and were well supplied with numerous readers. wagons, farming implements, etc. We noticed, Bro. Chas. Kelly, Stake President of the Y. several fine brick houses, and were told they M. M. I. As, with his Counselor, N. Madsen, burned their lime, made their brick, and also, II. Jones, Secretary, arranged to travel hauled all their building material themselves. with us, visiting, at the same time, their asso-- They have a large commodious frame building ciations in tho settlements lying in the district which serves for their schools and meetings; a above mentioned. .Accordingly, appoint-- very excellent school is; nowjnproressjcn ments were sent forward some days - previous orTorty young Lamanite sistirigof thirty-fiv- e to our starting. girls and boys, under the superintendency of Tho morning fixed for leavingO could sramplv Brother Chandler, a i very efficient and have been more unpropitious; a heavy, furiousJ N teacher, who rejoices in this labor : snow and wind storm had set in, also, at interand mission. We werainformed that his dusky vals," accompanied by pelting sleet, the. pupils compared favorably with our white .weather having turned severely cold. Several children as regards their intellect, aptness and ot our friends advised us to abandon this unreadiness to acquire book knowledge, etc. We idea an we could not foster for dertaking, a were joyfully received on our arrival at this moment, that of allowing our appointments to curious and unique gathering, and warmly fail, while the gentlemen's werel being; ful-- : lay hearty hand shaking, in -- which all" greeted filled. Therefore, we bundled up, stepped into gladly participated. We gazed with wonder, our vehicle, placed our feet on warm bricks, with feelings impossible to describe, upon these for the improvised occasion, and gathering Indian Saints as they were gathered - and more closely our wraps around us, indicated to seated in their assembly hall. The women, our - symyathizing coachman " that we were neatly attired in Bats, bonnets and shawls, ijuiiu xuatiy. carrying their babes in their arms instead of Ilavinjr made a run of twehtv miles, snenk upon their backs, according to their former ing in railroad 'parlance, through snow, mud custom. The men dressed the same as our and driving sleet, We arrived at Bear Eiver white brethren,- - with hair cut short, neatly Crossing, stopped: at Brother Standings, and combed, etc.; and to crown all, making this partook of refreshments generously prepared scene so impressive and solemn, was the sacred by his estimable wife. and earnest devotion impressed upon everv We had now anotherjwenty milesbefore us featureof-thei- r countenancesnvhileherr choir --- ere Portage, where we hadn nruchanted praises to the Lord in their native pointment at seven in. the evening, and the. tongue, and one of their number opened the storm, lhe SGvero nnlrl- - nnfl meeting by prayer in the same language. When abated Here again was suggested by some of the time was announced for commencing meetthe gentlemerrthe propriety of our ing, the Indian Deacon, with becoming gravity, but quite failed of eliciting any signsreturning, of weakand a reasonable amount of official importance ness. When within five miles of our destinaand dignity, drew- - from his breast pocket a tion ..darkness overtook rus, which;" together large brass key, with which he ceremoniously : with tlie disagreeable circum8.tances-'alrcadyrlocked the door; then taking: the key and rementicned, failed in adding much enchantment placing it, he resumed hia seat, arising, there- - Her eister Louisa was tho Urst-woma- n after only to quietly admit some tardy member, or reluctantly allow egress to an anxious appli-can- t. The order and attention observed: throughout' the entire services were highly, ex- mar . emplary. . i -- sd , -. . ' - : labors. - Minnie J. Snow, . . Brighani City, Dec. 27, 1882., EbiTOR-ExroNEXTr acres-enclos- ed, . ex-perienc- ed " . -- we-reach- ed - 7 Supt. Y. L. M. I. A, r, Nov. 9, 1882. Dear Sister Wells: Janie-Lovelan- -- -- About three miles from this place we filled our last engagement at the thriving little town called Honey ville. We then drove home, ar riving in safety, our hearts overflowing with gratitude to the Giver of All Good for His blessings, preserving care, and the aid of His Holy Spirit accompanying and inspiring our ' -- ; ' )ihties. A ,...-- orr bythe-listenersr- -- .. to vuu uuie wjuir.wim mo a oung iuen S ilSSOCia- tion, and appointed a young lady to act as sec- retary. lhe good Spirit manifested here: warmed our hearts, giving utterance to our thoughts as freely as at any of our "previous meetings, and its ; sweet and holy influences : .were equally ielt "Leaving this 'singular community of Indian Saints," formerly known only as savages, we proceeded to fill our next appointment at Bear River City, about- - thirty, miles distant, where we were very kindly received, and addressed a large and appreciative audience. We were pleased to find our association here in good con-- to -- their re- dition, 8piritedJ.andwideawake ' unite-ihem7-f- r - v: K There was not a fcufiicveiit number of young Lamanite sisters to form an independent or- - . " . , I .. send you - these few lines to pu t in y our paper, the Woman's Exponent, as I thought youwould like to know how our Primary As-sociation of the First Ward of Logan is get- ting along. I am only twelve" years old and am a teacher in the Association, and can tell you with truth that I do all I can to help my President, Sister Lundburg, with the Primary. I sometimes sing and dismiss meeting and bear my testimony, and with my sister teacher, Maud .Lamoreaux, gather money or calico for the benefit: of our Primary. I think God is to "give us health and strength, that very good . t .. . 11 . 1 1 f we may penorm an ine auties mat are required of us; and I know. God is good to His children, if we obey our parents, say our prayers and do what is right. And if we read the Bible and other good books, we will find God's word is true, wjiat He has said about His com; ing on the earth to reign with His people. will find in Hoping yon space your good paper, I remain your sister in the Gospel, . 1 Selina P. Burton. Plain City. Dec. 18, 1882- On Friday, Nov. 24, at ten o'cloek a. m., our little folks comprising the Plain City Primary Association assembled; at the School House to hold their Quarterly Conference and to go through their exercises in singing, reciting, etc. They number one hundred and thirty.nine members. The meetings are interesting and well attended. The children acquitted themselves during the Conference to the satisfaction of their parents, teachers - and -friends. The pieces in the programme were well chosen, and of that character that tends to the elevation and ennobling of the minds of those who partake of them. The exercises were brought to a close with some short yet excellent advice b Bishop L. W. ShurtlifF and . Sisters Raymond and. Shoemaker; they spoke very encouragingly, and exhorted the children ' to keep on in the good work in which they are engaged. The little folks then partook of a they enjoyed themjclyes ex- picnic, in . -- t; 