WOMAN B EX PON BNT. to our ideas. ADBKESSED TO BISHOP O. Tj, yr 1IITSET. Bright harbinger of Summer, scented f ay, " . Spring's fairest month, thrice welcome thonr tor thee the maTjs taaeg her sweetest lay, "TheJlnnet warbles on the hawthorn List, list, what music greets my ear, .What sound reverberates through the dell, -- Is it the crowMftr Ofinatia chime of Tillage bell?rT , hand-Pomon- a For Fan has tuned his pastoral reed, Tcrrolcfcore leads the dance along : : And trips it lightly o'er the mead. Behold, 'tis Venus' chariot comes Drawn by a pair of turtle dores; She pays a Tieit to our homes With all her train of dimpled lores. And see, from out yon busy town, The boisterous crowd come rushing on, The strernest face has lost its frown And bade dull care awhile begone; The pole is hnng with garlands sweet, For lasses choose their queen y, While youth and age together meet To celebrate the first of May. - MlBTIIA A. Gaultox. to-da- . INFLUENCES AND DISCIPLINE. How true it is that outward objects and surroundings affect us in this life. There are there must be certain unseen influences too that exalt or debase, as well as that which we see and hear. Place a child in an atmosphere of wickedness, where he hears bad lanzuaere. and is a witness t6 dishonesty, duplicity and meanness, and it becomes second natnre to him almost invariably, even though he may have been born of goodly parents and with unvitia-te- d blood. And vice versa, though there may , be exeptions to this general rule. Temptations are incidental to human life, there is no doubt but this is strictly In accordance with certain laws and principles marked out as preparatory, or educational to obtaining a higher of Trials tta nro fnM rmrifir us as gold seven times tried. If we possess pure gold, or It equivalent, in our souls we shall never know it unless we pass through the trying and purifying process. And yet our natural inclinations would lead us to avoid all" that would be calculated to stir our hearts to vvm i J avuu4uij of sorrow, or "7 perhaps bitterness. But fortunately, it may be for us, we have not "exactly the shaping of our own destiny, though we may cut and carve away at it considerably, and sometimes mar it, in attempting to mold it TMrfAction : - . ... - 1 - e-might Wake, Wake, toy burp, and Join the Song, And thou, my lute, asaiat the lay, JTor P&eobss dri-re- a his ateeda tiotig'':To herald ia the joyous May. Bright Sol illumes the mountain crest, And morn her wings outspreads, ' The swallow peers from out her nest Beneath the sheltering leads, The dew from off the skylark's wing Like diamond sparks are thrown, The rising makes the welkin ring A all With music her own. wThe buttercup with golden crest, The modest primrose pal?, And Tiolel In azure drest Jjr. Bedecks the fragrant vale, And like the daisy, greets the day, Who wide her petals spreads, As conscious of the breath of May They rear their perfumed heads. Gay Flora's bud crowned nymphs are seen To scatter flowers with larish come in mantle green To strew her fruit bloom o'er the land. Gay Momus dona his cap and bells, And youth is decked in ribbons gay, For mirth, and joy, and pleasure tells That this is blithesome, smiling May. Kt.at.ft Life is a beautiful thing after : all, notwithstanding all the hard knocks and bruises one gets,- and the rough paths our feet must sometimes tread on in its great highway. The jostling, and crowding,- - and : . pushing -among, . our r fellow men makes : us more 7. mindfuL of others, finding we must give a ittle, yield a point, and th at others -- have as well as oury- rights that must be respected selves. Otherwise be intensely lelr-fis- h, as some are inclined to be even now, though we get so much discipline by contact with thej.greatworldof mankind. Butras I said, at certainly partake of the scenes among which they live. This is a fact y that cannot be denied. If oceans, mountains, lakes and rivers, prairies, valleys and forests effect in a large degree the stronger and more .prominent traits" of character, then why not in the finer qualities of heart and mind by the beautiful in art, in music, in poetry and the in the homes of the people, be they rich or .poor, effect them by association even though they may not receive a high degree of cultivation in any one of these - branches. To live among refine peapleis jnjtselfcultiva tioh ; to live" among beautiful objects, if one has the sense to appreciate, is impressional; to hear good, music is to be emotional; there is nothing more powerfully emotional than music-evethe music of the waterfall, the murmura river as it winds its way towards the of ing ocean, but more grand and sublime still, the murmuring seamusic indeed, music that lives forever afterwards in the soul. One who has lived in early life, or for many years by the seashore, can never forget the delightful sound of the wavw as they dash and break against tho beach, or in soft murmurs lull one to sleep in their gentler and more placid moods. It comes back again ever and anon, fresh and natural in after years like a sweet melody. Music is, and must be, the highest human The sense, the nearest approach to Deity. Creator has all things set to music, and in the ;" most delicate rhythm, and we only catch - here and there a whisperT an undertone of the divine inspiration. It is so far above our poor " Comprehension, vet by and bye we may understand. Poetry is one of the elements tbat constitute higher attributes, and to properly appreciate true poetry one must be possessed of a hih order of intellect, must have some conception of music, and be intensely inspirational. I am aware that many will dispute this, nevertheless I maintain the theory. Who can judge poetry but a poet, one whose whole soul: revels in the undiscovered realms of that fair Elysium that lifts you into another atmos phere than that of this mundane sphere. Who . can criticise music but a musician whose very life is not only devoted to it, but enraptured in its expression? Who should judge the merits of a painting but an artist,and- one who is able to grasp the subject in its idealistic sense as well as in the actual developement worked out by the production upon the canvas. Yet one may be greatly influenced by any and all of these things without fully appreciating them. And indeed much happiness of a fine quality is given from these sources. It is elevating to live anions beautiful scene out and indoors, for they Deautify and give impressions to our lives that are lasting in character. They tend to gentler ways andjjsofter morals, make us more charitable and forgiving, more in sympathy with the better side of humanity, .and more lenient towards those who lack in grace and excellence of attainment. No miser ever Jives among beautiful scenes. Their walls are bare, their clothing scanty, their lives barren of good deeds. The remembrance of beautiful scenes, beautiful things and their association clings to us as long we live, even though great changes may transpire in our circumstances, fT . ' first,-peopl- e -- ent n - ; "Long, long be my fecartwltli inch memories filled, Like the Tase la which rose hare once been distilled, Tou may break, you may rain the vase if you trill. Bat the scent of the rosea will hang round it alUHT? Therefo"re:1etstLer-- S the beautiful an we can?-no- t encroaching upon iue privileges oi oiners,anu when we have that which is" pleasant- - and happifying let us give : God. the glory, .and letiour hearts swell to Him that "cror lives are cast in Ana jet no one ne seinsnjji pieasant piaces. : with-gratitu- de nrlin nun rnt da on1 highly favored, but enlarge their hearts in proportion to the bounties Iieaven has and dispense- - with a liberal hand to those in need. Thus may the blessings of hea- veu uesceuu, lor me poor are me j? atner s especial care, "for theirs is the' kingdom of heaven." And it is true that we can see the necessity of discipline. The Lord'sways are not rillt iTrtPtr Yirotli-ra- aiai-ny- bes-towe- d, means He makes use of to school our spirits and brincr us into nearness to Him. Spiritual impressiqrare similar in their bear- in zs to material ones: one sees a! vision, the --J3piritnof accompany it, yet iuc wiiuie iurce vi lis uieaniug anu muuence may not come at . once with all its thrilling sensations that " emotions, the follow and linger in the brain, the mind, and . the-Ikdrmaye- ven soul-absorbin- g afterwards. One who possesses Jpi ritual powers cultivated to a high extent i3 always companionable, though the education in other respecti may have been neglected. , , AmTJEivr. , EDITORIAL NOTES. In . our last number, May loth, a poem by Lula was published, entitled, "Blessings," and 11 ' X nJJ.Anni.J i,w CA- - T) ouuiwotu uisici iiweiium ju. TT' Out fviiiiuail, bv mistake the namo of ihn TaHv 1 1 1 -- was addressed was omitted, which we sincerely regretted. .." . On Monday, May 11th, Sister E. R. S. Smith left the city to attend the Woman's Conference in Brigham City and travel through several settlements in that Stake of Zion, to visit Washav kee among other places and assist the Elders in the organization of a Relief Society there '" among the Lamanites. She ha3 been absent ever since, traveling most of the time, and speaking to the people. Mrs. II. H. Jackson, a lady well and favorably known to the public as an anthor and contributor to the Qentury Magazine and Atlantic Monthly has been spending a day or two in the city. We have had the privilege of some pleasant talks with her and feel greatly pleased"with her acquaintance. Once known she could never be forgotten. She is making notes of some of the distinctive features of our belief as - a - people, and will certainly do justice to the subject from her stand point. and-histo- ry On Wednesday, May 23rd, the Annual meeting of the Primary Association of South Cottonwood was held, over on .hunr-- child-.re- n present, about fifty boys ranging i' m five to about fourteen years old. The ex. rHges were well rendered. Mrs. Elizabeth Davis presiding, assisted by her Counselors, Mrs. The Margaret Cahoon and Mrs. Wootqn yearly report was an excellent "one, and the - mcnt in the future. The meeting was addressed by E. C. Clawson, E. B. Wells, Louie Felt, Mary A. Freeze and other ladies. Be not simply good Thonan be good for something. ' .. 