1 sqrnefe "tjrsrV 'The y bad .7. similar reived arivi.-- tKt.lV' 4r?s' trvvub! annn." ' e was very gcnteol trtr.l t.f ;:,inast in.-the - and we stopped to listen to a letter from Brother Dunham, and they crave to us a his tory of their travels."' "They have, had some difficulties, but all will work right in the end." Next day he writes, "I and others of the Twelve were sent for by Sister Jennetta Richards, (Brother Willard's wife,) to meet there and pray for her, as she felt that she could not live Jong. We also prayed for my wife, who is very sick and offered up prayer for Bishop Vhitney, who has gone to bt. Louis that he may be prospered. "The same day he writes, "Brigham Youner, Georee A. Smith andmvself went to the Temple to see how things were progressing." "The rafters were mostly on, all things going well." "Returned home and found Sister Whitnev. She anointed mv wifo : -- i usV "June the 20th, I again met jjviu with brethren read to in my historywere that part blessed O U ' J . V Q " VY e stopped reading at two o clock in the afternoon. I found my wife worse sent for Sister Whitney. We clothed ourselves according to the order of the holy priesthood and anointed andprayed for her. The Lord heard us, for she was better and had a good night's rest The Lord shall have the glory." "All i3 Missouri -- quiet in our city." what William Smith had said on the stand the TrPVinnfl finllViatlv VlQf lift ond V?o innTtantinmi had been neglected, etc., which was false, and he says, me sorrow, but the Lord will cause all things to go right." "June 22nd, Bishop Whitney got home from ot. Ijouis. --At tour o clock ttiesame day, William Smith was married by Brigham This-giv- es Young." "On the 25th, met with the .police, the Bishops and many others at the Masonic Hall. William Smith was present and said he was afraid of his life. He received a rebuke from Brigham." We read that, "the wicked flee when no man puruuetL," which words applied to William Smith, and he justly deserved that rebuke. In Joseph's life he was quarrelsome and frequently had to be dealt with before his brethren for unchristian-lik- e conduct. He became very wicked and unprincipled, and his conduct towards Joseph was at times unbearable, but he exercised towards him all the kindness and forbearance that was possible. He was very deceitful and tried by his allurements to lead away some of Joseph's: young" wives by picturing to them the to be seen, and the more pleasant and agreable life that they could lead if they would accomhim to the Eastern cities. He had a pany of plurality wives, but his first wife was an in- viuiu ana was men-livinin Philadelphia with her little children. "Rishnn WMfTiov oa : -- IVi'tf 2tl, Either wrote; "The lll.u ilhiru il n I 'Phil 'Piiil " present. We spen t uitfc t of the da, at the but if all :i day., ZKXgloYngentilitY femple. of hi eonduet had Unexposed to Jeplij the ,Sundar,-nhf"-'meeiiwas held at the old ' ?eriou more been have consequences might Thestand. iMjtigrega3Vy-rarge- v j'He. "Brother "martyrdom, and the next dayjafter; - from - 'Josenh?---an- d "Hvrum Th( tntrT' Oie to -- hU arrivaltNauvooHtead ;xjf Leaven's well tmiDg and passed oif blessings., were - meeting, which was held by the road-sid- e .vrrz-iirrTirT- rL east ." ...lit "... of the Temple, he rode tlauntingly by in a fine fifty-on- e persons." He mentions the fourth of carriaire dresedJnepmburaingTwitn5be " July, and says, "Many of the Saints spent the but himself and driver. He could have taken uay riaing ami nau oauus 01 music, ana amused any other road as well, but it. looked as .though themselves in different ways. The steamer 1)1 he did it just for the purpose of creating a Vernnon came up fromt. Louis, some from sensation. He aspired to stand as the leader w '11. rtn ii iir An1 A. rl o fia and fully expected to take some of his brother's were near one hundred and fifty who stomal wives if not all. He afterward professed or aliover it were very ' feigyed rerjenUnce - and humility before the civil. All things .passed off well. General. Twelve Apostles and the people. 1 had the Tv. .; i ot.:ir xiicis.cusi,o3 came 10 my aiu ouenu jucmmwg honor of the perusal of a long and eloquently house and spent the evening." worded epistle written by him to one of Joseph's To be Continued. young wives, telling not only his devotion to her, but of .a wonderful vision, or revelation that he had received, concerning her and him. T TlT. .! l m rpL. self, picturing out her future state in glorious' colors. But I suppose her mind had not suffinewspaper printed in the world was established! and edited ' by a woman Elizabeth ciently expanded or else she possessed too. little . 200; of the spiritual to appreciate such visions, Es Mallet, in London, 1702,-alm- ost years ."said In her she had from to she even that a pecially 'deign quarter, ago. salutatory, established a newspaper to "spare the public reply, but cast his letter to the flames. His half the impertinences . which the ordinary poor suffering.wife had passed away previous tothis and he thought it a flattering inducenewspapers con tain." Woman like, her paper ment to offer a young lady the privilege of was reformatory. standing first. But she knew his former hisThe first newspaper published in America, tory, being one of the number that he tried to of which we haye any record, was in Massa- fascinate and lead away from his brother, the Gazette and Arw'-Xc. After 4he death of ; .Prophet, while he was still living. After allowing her sufficient time to answer his epistle, the editor, the widow edited : it in the most " he called one morning, and I happened to be v, spirited manner for two or three years. It present and heard him ask her for "that letter" "was the only paper that did not Suspend ' when she coolly informed him that it had been publication when Boston was besieged by the destroyed. His countenance, which had alBritish. The. widow's name was Margaret become two shade a or darker with ' the ready Craper. pent up wrath, (which he did not try to conIn 1772 Rhode Island issued its first newsceal) grew darker still and the look ho gave paper. It was owned and editedby Anna her as he turned to leave resembled anything Franklin. She and her two daughters did but that of a Saint. What made hi3 sim still the printing, and their servants worked the : greater was that he tried to hide them under the printing press. History tells us that for her cloak of religion, and in such there is no such quickness . and "correctness she was appointed thing as repentance or remission of sin3. He printer to the colony, supplying pamphlets, soon after married a very pretty young girl, etc., to the colonial officers. She also printed and though the character she bore was not of an edition of the colonial laws of 340 pages. the best, she was good enough for him. I met In 1776 Sarah Goddard printed a paper in them both at a dinner given on the 6th of the Newport, R.T., ably conducting it, afterward following August, at Brother John ' Benbow's, " associating with her John Carter. The firm was who owned a large farm on the prairie. My announced Sarah Goddard & Co., taking the parents, with about fifty persons, were present. : partnership precedence, as was proper and . William Smith's countenance that day plainly right. bespoke the bitterness that was raging within. It was said that he only married the girl for i. In 1772 Clementine Reid published a paper in Virginia, 'favor jng the colonial cause and spite, at all events they were not happy, and it was only a short time before they separated. greatly offending the royalists; and two years after another paper was started m the h His brethren labored with him and tried to do him all the good they could, and my. father, " terest of the crown, by Mrs. H. Boyle, borrow-"- : spoko truly, for William Smith was always ing the name of Mrs. Reid's paper, which was the Virginia Gazette, but which was dissatisfied, otherwise the Twelve were one. . June 27th, short lived. Both of the papers were pubbeing one year from the day that lished in the town of Williamsburg. The Joseph and Hyrum were killed in Carthage colonial paper Was the first, newspaper in jail, was set apart for fasting and prayer. which the Declaration of Independence was Father writes in his journal. "0 Lord I thank Thy holy name, that Thou dost hear thy serprinted. vants and have brought trouble upon thosejwha In 1773 Elizabeth Timothy published and edited a paper in Charleston, S. C. After the haye spilt the blood of thy servants and persecuted thy Saints. Even now they are revolution Annie Timothy 'became its editor, . . dumb that they can not do business, and are and was appointed State printer, which posithrown into confusion in answer to prayer, as tion she neld for seventeen' years. Mary we have felt to plead with Thee, with uplifted Crouch published a paper in Charleston about hands in token of our regard to Thee. I thank the same time,, in special opposition to the 1 .Thee, 0 our Father, for Thou dost hear us in stamp act. She afterward removed heri paper all things when we are agreed, and-thi- s Thou to Sakm, Mass., and continued its publication hast granted to Thy servants this day, and I there for years after. Ex "'.-'2- ng -- ti. 4 - , - Young and Charles Shumway returned home from Ltheir Westem nissionizz:AtfourdeIoekF - , . Saturday Juno camenieiUwheae " l remember as 1 read thesi.and iisu it uvt. uetrii iur ilia rvcuru, wouiu prooauiy have been buried in oblivion. . I will copy a few as they werejmttenJjtJiis : 1345." He says, "On the morning of the ISth of June, I went to John Taylor's to read his- -' . , - j- ' Smith, John Taylor and myself- - Brother Ezra au.tkld-ea- -- " ' -- answer. father's airtadv uthu his VpfAy- - lUiiYlxf blrsifl g auilp?tt and "pronjrT ....... ilY !ll:CV fi't nr,iil illf Tin' 'S!nt ."oL'these e many thmsrrnenircaieiFm-m- en4u-- h Iccktcg and capable ot Appearing pc:il;ja to President James K . IVik, laying r&rg hjmithe.iru noppissT; and long scaring people. But Ms .bear! was as! six adamnt-hdid not deign aii nonrnai waicn kd tu ntra,; ihouUer.' HeWiUaiiif waj certainly e rd a I find ' in that iaaHv 4 fvVf ClVTS- - Via :,A-W"- tFi)rpl;hrg---qT;i:r- i wkivii il fh Sh.-Ni-bierw-aJ ittfiUT-city-and-we- ' ' cr nt - ni A ' r. -- . . ' -- -- - 