V? then?salJ;Ke,;Avith a 'hat 4hat made me wish I hadn't been quite readily. flnent with mr iiSimd nnwpK . so 'Put tlieni in church I emphasized the word chureli,-"- " hoping to turn hh thoughts' from school hpuw. ' that are. used five days in the week, to, churches that are used b,nt one day jnthe week. But I said "he, , impadidn't succeed, .hat-then?- ' fill-uagain. The promote and tiently. good saint made- a gesture of deipair. 'What kind, of teachers do you give these little ones; crowded into dark basements, huddled into. Good wardrobes, stifled under stairways? ones, I hopej. tbose with judgment and exper- " ience. and full of love "I was sorry that he touched on this subject, for I thought he would pardon, my sins in the school-houseas I was but one out of many; but in the matter of teachers I feared that I had not so much to plead in excuse, so I answered: 'Your reverence, when I co to Boston and am your city doesn't lie in that latitude, I might as well confess that I do no such thin?. I nut in young girls sixteen rears who can't define judgment, much" less possess it ; with no 1 .1 experience; pupils themselves yesterday, teachwith the destinies of eighty or a ers, hundred little children in their hands; heads so filled with balls, parties, and novels, that there is little room for love of children these are; they to whom I commit the children in dark basements, crowded wardrobes, and stifled" closets!" and. doctor. I dared not look the good saint in the face, but stood with bowed - neaa oelore him. rresently he said, 'Look ! I - looked, and beheld a great multitude of children whom no man could number, sporting on the plains of the Golden City. 'There are! they whom scarlet fever, diphtheria, pneumonia, have taken from your fever- '' breeding . school-roomunder-th- e charge of children themselves. Think of how many desolated homes, blighted hopes, those children represent. There was a crash, the golden gate ' vanished, and in letters bf fire I read these words: 'Inasmuch as ye did it not unto the the least of these, ye did it not unto me.' There was silence for some moments, broken at last by, the- doctor,,who -- said ; oirhave" seen the children released, from' their bodily have seen them writhing sufferings; I y under their pains. and overcrowded school-room- s are the remote causes of a largo amount of this suffering. Both public and private schools are equally guilty. TVe wonder at the stupidity of our fathers,. who provided seats without backs for their children, but gave them plenty of fresh air and of room. Posterity will condemn us, who provide comfortable seats, and deprive our children of air 7 and of room. Your plan of putting six or eight children "on a benchso closely seated that they can hardly. move, is horrible. .." Itch, lice, and sore eyes travel along the whole line." "No suchchildren are allowed in my school," . said Brown. ... ' "Nothing but a minute daily examination can determine; that," continued the doctor. "And have your young and inexperienced teachers, who, with a fatal blindness, are placed over them, the time, tact, and judgment to make this examination?" Brown did not reply, and the doctor went on! "As a citizen of this commonwealth, each child has a right to his individuality; to a separate and distinct seat, to at least six square feet of space, over which he is master and for which he i3 responsible. Citizens of a republic can be made in no other way. All this abominable arrangement of settees, gall erieajmd extra seats, must Op relegated to the fork-ages.1 : - -Uoctory you are crazy. On this plan P. S. 50i), with its two:thousand pupilsciili a one horse affair of about five hundred," said Brown; "and from being chairman of the: -- - boasted of his famous two or three hundred. ' ' -- " - . - .. ; for-the- 1 e, . - V . to-da- y, s, - to-da- Ill-ventilat- e school with a beggarly 'When I told him mine nil him open. his eyes. Think of the cost. Four f)Or). schools fo do the the doc. "Not all the work, Brown," replied fill tor- "they couldn't the ; cemetery so fast. There is money for jails, almshouses, and prisons, when over crowded why not for schools?" - "We 'don t get half of the money now for which we ask," objected Brown. "If the class is full, refuse them," answered the doctor; "refuse them in justice to those work-of-lVS.-N- r- - ' Mr. Caine, then appearing Jjefore the bar of the House, was duly qualified, taking the oath prescribed: by Section 175G of the Revised Statutes. : , : ;"v .? JCNIXTING FACTORY, SsLSiasi rr C:uticfW.S.'n::per,i. Ca 1st W..5V, Men's 8ock4f Ladies' and Childrens Stockings, Infants Knitted Shirts ayul Shoes, Lalies' and Children's Jleods, ete. Family Knitting done on Reasonable Terms, WARD, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. 19th 77;ill-healt- . -tor - " ' : bread?" queried Brown. seeds! "Not if: the half offered contain the of h and" "premature decay," said the doc--- ; :. tor. Brown said nothing, and the doctor con-- . tiriued: "Medical men have written volumes g the schools. upon the evils of Again and" again have they demonstrated the least space a child should have; the lasting evils of foul-ai- r T'tlie'eyedestroying power of barracks are continually repeated. "Wo cannot hold our 6wTn with the schools of other nations, unless there be great improvement, both in their physical and mental conditions. The editors did not go through the great Exposition with their eyer shut. With our wonderful physical and mechanical prosperity our schools have not been keeping pace. In the next ten year3 the press will hold every school trustee to a strict account of his stewTard-- . ship. Brown take a step in advance to better the physical condition of P. S. No. 505. - Reduce your grammar classes to forty pupils, your primary classes to fifty,, give each pupil a separate desk, put over him a man or a woman for a teacher, not a girl who still ought 4o be in the academic class or normal school; and then, when you approach, in reality, the gate of the Golden City, no pupil of P. S. No. 505 will be there to. accuse you of crowding him out of life." do it!" said "Toby, there's my hand;-I'l- l - Brown ; and the good doctor went home with , the happy consciousnes that the resolve meant life and wealth to many a child, for Brown was a man of his word. Gentlemen of the Education Boards in the - cities of-- our fair ' land, will you not follow Brown's example? Sanitarian. : MSi-ROMilHIA-Br-iPRATTr- ;; OFFICE 15 GODBE, PUIS k CO S ' Bt'UDOG hours from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Residence, Twelfth Ward, 2d South Street, bet. 5th. and 6th. East. Special Attention given to Diseases of the 4 Office" EYE, EAR, NOSE AND THROAT, OBSTETRICS AND DISEASES OF WOMEN. Telephonic Communication between Oflice and Residency over-crowdin- . .T 33 JX. & X A T SALT LAKE CITY. 3S2 ed -- Special Departments tor Gent's Clothing and Carpets, Ladles' and ChlldrenSHSboe8, Hard-waDry r Goods, Shawls and Domestics, Groceries, -- and Stoves. ,.,-" DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CLASSES WANTED. . S. P;TEi RDDEIj. WHOLES ALU AND NOTION 8, GKOCERIES, DRY GOODS, HEAVY - RETAIL DEALS IIS IS & SHELF-HARDWAR- E,- ; GLASS & QUEENS WARE, AGRICULTURAL EMPLEMENTS, Ekj. ELLEN B. FERGUSON, PHYSICIAN AND Office SURGEON, and Residence on Id South between and ilh East StreeU ha? Teen given to SURGERY, Special Sttrdy OF WOMEN, and Diseases of the NOSE, THROAT AND LUNGS ; That JchrrTrCainewa5 ed as a Delecrate to Congress from the Trri- tory of Utah for the unexpired term of the h Congress, and is 'entitled to the STOO JOHN Sale by WOOLEN MILLS, also HOME MADE CUTLER, Agent tor the PEOVO Constitution Building:; Brown Yarns, White Yams, Colored Yarns, Cassimers, Tweeds, Blankets, Flannels, Shawls, Linsofs, THE DELEGATE. . : DISEASES . G-3-3 u3J Of Home Made Trnnlu tor Jeans, Hon. John T. Caine, Delegate front Utah, took hi3 seat in the House of Representatives, Jan. 17, 1883, for the unexpired term of the" Forty-sevent- h Congress. Following are" the" particulars, as -- published in the Congressional Record of the 18th January: Mr. Pettibonc. "Mr. Speaker: I rise to make a privileged motion. I am - authorized by the Committee on Elections to report to the House in the matter of the application of Mr. John T. Caine to be admitted. to'ia-sea- t for the, term the of unexpired present Congress as a Delegate from the Territory of Utah, that the committee, having had the same under consideration, have unanimously adopted the resolution" with which' their report concludes," and which resolution I ask the Clerk to' read." The Speaker. "The resolution will be read." ' The Clerk read as follows: Zd BIT Can be Called by Telephone Day or Night. " C. Old Cotton Batting , Wool Battlnjr, Brooms, Washboards, Brushes, Etc., Etc P. AUERBACH & BRO. HAVE- - 1. TO TREIfl BEMQVED - NEW STORE, CALL AND Nos. 124 026 ' EXAMINE f" Spring and Snnimcr Goods. 3D AVID ES, & steam water fitter. tinnergas J-J- Il rf? Agent for KUMSEYS oelohrflted LTJT and FORCE Pumps Repaired On short notice. Orders from the country promptlj responded to. Addrtst,- David Jamct, Box 306, Salt Lake City. : fW PUMPS - ."L..ij.;:PlNWOObEV;r WHOLESILB AKD BXIAIL DXALXR IS T U R N ITiJ R Ei PBJSS BEDS, BIBE - MATTRESSES FEATHEBS WALL FAPEBS Resolved, -- , ha-cop- - tion-was-agreetl- , already there, in justice to themselves." "But is not a half a lo.affbetter than no , ; The Speaker. "The question h upon agreeing to the resolution." : riiojresolu ..: Mr. Tetti bone. It thero is nrjHobiec tloa.--I now ask consent that Mr. Caine bo sworn in," . s, of-acr- EN T. - m ; O N first school in the :ity, T should como down to the level of Jone?, who is chairman of a little primary in the suburb?. I never .would con- - stern-ne5- 3 . 0 MAN'S E X P -- Forty-sevent- seat as such Delegate, 75, 77, & 79, First South Streef 8 ALT LAKH-CITY 