she speaks thus of her visit to Capt. Hooper's soon after her arrival la this city: "" '.'I brought with me a letter of introduction to ;Mm (Mr. nooper), and as he was ill, his wife EXRXS LIIfE B. wriLs, Editor. came down and met me very cordially. I was ' glad of an interview with Mrs;'Hooper, for she Published In Salt Lake City,, trtaV Terms: One copy one year, 3. Off; one copy six months is an only wife, the mother of seven children. Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising One of her daughters i3 thb '1fe "oX' Prcf. Ikjaars,- - ten- - lines of nonpareil space," one Youn g, a son of Brigja am's, who is one of th e tjme) month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular adTertlserB. "corps of "teachers" 'at "West Foint .Academy. TTeet of Room Lower Council the Exponent Office, Mrs. Hooper la a believer. in the Mormon reHouse, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p.m. ligion, and a stout defender of its tenets. Bbe lJl ettry day except Sunday, Address all business communications to spoke with contempt of the Sail Lake Tribune. Publisher Womajc's ExroanRrr. declaring JQnLdidgpeaktwelUf any lqrmon the res t would th ink that something was atyrutat; wrong, so bitter and coarse had been Its lanThd guage and expressions toward them SALT LAKE CITY JANUARY .1, im. Tribune editor had told me: 'It paid Hooper to be a Mormon, and he didn't care any thing abfiut it as a religion.'" THE YEAR 1883. The next item in her first letter is her visit to - the President of the Church. We give it comTirK Woman's Exponent sends a hearty ' ' Own her in a of w to language: ne plete greeting year its many readers. happy "I was accompanied by Mrs. E. B. Wells, to Whether here at home in the valleys of the This the Gardo House to see President-Taylor- . mountains, or afar off over the seas or In whatever land or clime the little messenger finds its gentleman is now President of the Church, and has been since the deathJcf Brigham Youngs way. May it carry with it a blessing, tiuth, He was one of the men in Carthage Jail with lights a ray of sunshine, that all who read it may be cheered, encouraged in the path of duty, Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum when they were killed by thq mob. Taylor was hit by urged to persevere In doing good and assisting four balls. He is a stern, grave, stately and inothers. Stronger in the faith and more earnest in labors for the kingdom of God upon the telligent man, 74 or 75 year a of age. He was in the act of starting, in company with George Q. earth. Cannon, down to Man ti, and oar conversation -The new year Is a: time for good resolves, a was very brief. 'Mrs. 8. is a "iiewspaper .cordesire to improve in all that will help one to He smiled ... respondent,' eald Mrs. Wells. gam the sure road to happiness here and heregravely and said, . 'All we crave of Mrs. 8. is -after. A desire to gain light and intelligence that she. will tell the truth about us. Very few that will be to the soul like a fountain of pure-wat- er do that In speaking of us.' 'Believe me, Presito refresh Invigorate and strengthen it. dent Taylor,' I repjiedyil shall givey our eider as The year has dawned auspiciously foxtheBalnts fairly as I can; I look through no glasses colored peace prosperity srid every needed blessing by bitter prejudice. I shall state the facts as I abounds in Utah, and futute prospects seem sae them.' 'A few pleasant words to Mrs. W. :. ..; propitions. and he left as." It Is good to have such days as Christmas and After this follows a good description of the New Years when one is expected to greet Gardo House, the Beehive and Lion Houses and- friends and acquaintances with kindly or affecthe office buildings occupied by the Church.: tionate salutation. One might grow cold and Bhe speaks at some length of these places and hard were it not for some of the pleasant re - what phe saw, and then says: ..... ....... minders that swoop down.now and then, and enfold one in such a loving embrace that one is "Nothing can be more entertaining than the " long talks with Mrs. Young, hearing her tell of glad to submit to all the extra responsibilities, the varied experiences in her journeyings which ever attend upon new phases and condithrough the Territory for near 15 year3, as the tions, for the gladness and Joy it brings to the heart. To become indifferent to the happiness companion of her husband. She has become familiar with the people, especially the Indian of others and be swallowed up in one's own amtribes, that the Mormons call the 'Lamanltes' bition pride or pleasure Is a very common failing from the Book of Mormon.' among mortals, and sometimes creates. such She speaks of our judicial affairs intelligently selfishness as to exclude even politeness, where and approvingly, of her visits In Mormon aflabllity . and kindness should be extended. homes, the people she met with, etc. A com Kind words, cheerfulness and smiles help one wonderfully, to be sure this is not all plete description of the Assembly Hall and the bu t they are often more acceptable , than impressive services on the Sabbath and the adgift. is another--extraThis Is not a homily however upon kindness ministering of the Sacrament.-Her- e from her letter which may be of some love or charity but a new year's greeting, and Whatever short comings, Jaults or blunders, the interest, as 1 t shows the true feeling "Mormon" women have when the sacred and holy condiExponent may have been answerable for In the tions of celestial marriage are compared with past, we trust that In the future it will be able the vile practice which exist so extensively in to correct them, and improve In its appearance ' ; ere the year that has Just dawned shall have large cities: "I was told by a very goad Mcrmcu member drawn to a close. And again "A Happy New - that one of the commissioners had stated 'that Year" to all our friends and patrons. he felt sorry he had seen so little of the Mormon --families! urlng their stay here.' I am certain TMRSTSAXON'S LETTERS. that no people living could r be much - more patient under all of the Federal moddllr g with Wk have received from New - Orleans two their affairs than the Mormons arp. They hold of the 8 copies thelr religlou? tenets with a dogged resolveTand "Timesmocrat,'Dec. andJIS, containing the letters written by Mrs. Elizabeth they claim all a5 under revelation, plural marLisle Saxon while in this city dated Nov. 29 riage as well. Looking at it or trying to discuss and Dec 7. She writes without fear and tella it from a physiological standpoint. Is one thing what the h&a seen, and how she has been treat that liettlea the women of the better class aa d y ths "Motroc- a- people, much w anything yell ca?i I aa talking $ htr frit J?tftr THE WOMAxWS EXPONENT. send-monthl- ; . y, $1-0- 0 fi, J f - . 4:ak .. -- , . 1 ' . ;.':.. . " . :s,-.-.....- . ct - . : . -- with a very intelligent Scotchman and he was citing some cases regarding our foundl. lDg hospitals and ohter . Christian charltl-- , resulting from vice, and made a remark of to-da- y, friends, and it'was some little time before I could induce them tcr try and consider how much bearing this would be bound to have In disof such nature." We held a cussing earnest conversation on this subject, and very " I learned from them many Interesting Items In regard to the religious e fleet on the vices of great cities as contrasted by the lives of Mor-irno- n Poplewhera as affording a tabernacle for a spirit tod welllnT' In her secDnd Jotter Mrs. Haxon comments upon the politlcil situation in reference to John P. Caine, theDdiegate uof the Peopled Party, and J udge Vau Zile, the "Liberal" candidate, then glveV it as her opinion that the ultimate "etTect pf the Ed mu ndsJjllLwilLha hard to It is impossible to convince even thne Gentiles who incline moat favorably to the Mormon people, owing to their honefrugaj, temperate lives, that plural marriage is not still carried on, as it is one of their revelations, and most cherished and eacred ordinances. Common sense tells us that to legislate and enforce law in this direction wjll constitute a police system of such a nature as to place every houss under the espionage of paid individuals, and the results growing, from such a system be a more terrible evil than the one agaiDst:whichTwe" are . fighting." Mrs. Saxon speaks of the faith of the "Mormons" in this wise: "Believing, aa they do, .in. the prophecies of the 'Latter-da- y Saints,' they have every reason to anticipate great and marked, changes for thernselves, under the new order andronditions that a change of national politics will inevitably bring about. Persecution they expect from every quarter, and some of them glory in it, for it more firmly nnites the church and renews the zeal of the lukewarm,: binding them as a This may be people more closely together. fanatical and weak to the last degree, but what can you do with a stubborn fact? Sensible, business men will sit practical, matter down and give you the Bible, old and new, the prophecies of Moses and Smi th alike, the book of Mormon, and Doctrines and Covenants, with as much zeal as an old Scotch Covenanter would the Bible; declare that he holds all true alike, and is ready to be offered up for his loyalty to Joseph Smith. In this day of changing faiths, let us look upon this resolute willingness to 'die for a cause with an eye of sober Judgment and put passion by. The prophecies of the paer, the signs of the times, the spirit of the people, all seem to indicate some great and nationally im portant event in the near future; and to a Mormon 'Zlon' is paramount to all else. They believe, and so express themselves, that we are living in the 'last days,' and this modern Zlon' is the promised refuge of Israel. I am glad to havo I had the pjeasure say that not until cf reading the letter written by l'hil...IvQbfnsonJ to the New Ycik WTorId during the suaamer He bears out my assertions made in my two letters first written." Here is another mention of Sunday services made in her second letter to The Times: "I was at church to day and heard George Q. Cannon speak He is one of the twelve apostles of the Church and had Just returned from a week's visiting with President Taylor in the Territory. Mb spoke to about 3,000 people. Not one left the church. He told of the prosperity of the people; of the union of sentiment among them; of the desire to be faithful to all trust! the gfnrl govern $Ed loyal In $rery way fore-cas- t. ""F " . of-fa-ct -- to-da- y : 