127 WOMAN'S E XP ON EN T r and in We hold our meetings rniFtestimonj iaceungs me apinvui wiu wru is poured out abundantly upon me sisters. in the gift of tongues, prophecy, ; and interpreta to us. tion; they are a source ot great pleasure our Wo' nrc" called to part with preident,-- -- -. a .. .. r "r ti. . who is preparing to sian iur Aniyua, xjiu the society resolved to cive her .a- A hA s.AaAfc-.v"rartT 10 express uur appicuiauyu vi iin I, president. The choolhouse was tastefully; decorated, for tho occasion, under the auspice of the teachers: fhr c society.mct.on the. even ing of J an; 3d, nnrV no t li KiiaK aniU an X h rb t he r 3 of the 102-Knua nnspnr, a sn. ior wti' utiru lu ' share our joys and sorrows with them, four on which was a , large tables were provided, vv most lUAuiiuuj adroit the to managecontain it all Owing ment of our energetic teachersand the unity which ejdst3 among our sisters, ou president unconscious-o- f "the whblepro- semi-monthl- y, . -- I mi-- i to-da- bnL'ht-smilcTu- u-or- o wa-entir- ely- Ceetling, UUUH rW. -- dent Eleanor j. iuornsjuA-icii-v-- ' Smith and. regret at Margaret Brundage, expressed theirfollowed by losing so faithful a president, also Alnrv Sr.nf.ks i auui 'iLf.,1. our esteemea iimuiui uiov, t. n,,ncfllnf .... T,i77.!P. C. . after - which, the following- named " teachers Amanda M. Stout, spoke: Marilla T. Allred, Sarah Fames, Clerinda Langston, Henrietta .PW. Ast. Sec. also Harriet Millet, President of Shonesburg Society, and Ursulla OittorU, President of Springdale- Society, also bister KemarKS were Kezia Hall, of Kockville. made by the following brethren: 11. I. rL Bishoi) C. N. Smith, Counselors James ' . . T AI 11 Ir.. 1 I '. 1 ning', Supt. Sunday School. Our worthy witlra beautiBishop presented our president and Covenants fully bound book of Doctrine when she as a token of his sincere regard, Sister lvezia responded in her quiet way. v hall announceatnatour-p- i v6iu-- the hands and gave the meeting into or anyof the Bishop with a request that bo which aU one else could suggest something a couldbe interested or instructed he expre-se-handhis inability to do so, except a hearty to be given the e and God bless you nn-nshaking most enioyabie 4 ;. opes. parting evemngrm whicV;a fi d ft sauucu ielt all prevailed, with the evening's enjoyment. fc. 7v Stout, Ast. Sec K. S persons outs - I sir in my warm andjozy : Father in au v King Arable : ff the though not jessing 1 am or worldly and (hat I m,ve learned the n these ttings when not put to the ri and for thVexpenence . the what-tru- e riches consist ined greatest of my blessings is those greate and: this knowledge, and how obtained . BetfuU lasting riches ato to be th th Handful with quietness, than - WfapSm. with travail and vexation of spirit- H , ff! sin ageinst God our gnilty of this whom we are dependent Father upon for the' smallest breath of that could extinguish f -- 4 liXis He faw fit. . 15ut to . : ocniimu At (lOirS rlgUt naiva, IUglUr Our children should bo examples instead of and we should blocks to stumbling r,7farl I'n n i,n wnrtinrr for the tfood and ele- 7 "7"'-vation of mankind. wnuau ana - Those modern scribes pnarisces the "Morbelieve to them led has blindness mons" and especially the ones who have accented and obeyed the higher laws of God to be bnlv the ignorant dupes of a lew cunning and lotrMr nt n rptmpment in tneir .1 Jmihes and surrounanigsrauu-tr-uiu- sc and holy emoUona wlncu are so j judgtrue happiness are ill prepared- - to pasaLatter-day ment upon a whole people. For the Saints are trying in their every dayvalks to become Saints and useful citizens, minding their ;owii business, exercising their faculties, and improving and bringing into use, all the talents which the Lord has lent them, tor thiste"re7JuTfes at tiie hamB of all, to fit and preiu pare us for those higher from freed where celestial and exalted state, flesh is heir the pains and infirmities, which all. ot to here, we can continue on in our labors and love enioving an eternity pf unmolested may unbroken happiness in tne miusi to revelation, having obedience which we (in as the well as acted as saviors to the Jiving made by our elder dead, to meet those promises before the brother Jesus Christ, t5 our ather, and foundation of this world, for the salvation -Ho to increase-for-e- xaltation of man) have helped has promised that we shall become Jesus Christ, theirs to GodndintTIe witlr "when he and as the Prophet Joseph said, C Jesus) gets nis Kinguom, his Father, so that God may obtain kingdom will exalt him upon kingdom, and it and the will tlien take a higher exaltation, become Savior will take his place and thereby , uiui, pxalted nimsen, -- uoa what inherits and his Father, ways of - and ex-- did before , and God is thus glonfled- aUB s of alfeU in the salvation and exaltation s children " These are some of .God simple down rbut grand and eternal truths,which come child. little to the understanding even of of a man is right in hisfvn eyes; If the . the heart." ,n,lrpth knOW Pnuld but 7 tt-Lhonest pomcu ui called the desires and aims of this people, smaU Mormons, and , compreheddy even:m! to wni.u decree, the high and holy calling oi u. have been calledramt have a taste illuminates ourwholebeiwhen commandmenta of walkin- - in obedience to the would never entertain such ad there would be no such k, e walica-or-iii- ; it not a little strange that -- - . , , . .lirli I - - JVj.. St instant, a . fir "K5 'As ye have sown, so shall ye reap. l wh: ITe Sts CHRISTMAS REFLECTIONS.' and the goodnSs of our Heavenly A. that h.ave .P- -f; wu one was equally . our children, and like a we swallow them up. Po1' of sorrows of it and the have fotp The disohedient, who have their- own way, thereby Vnnnel ruin upon themselves and hearts f heartrending angnish to the J.hoso parents and friends,wdfu ly disre- have courLel they AmoPng the most paid to the autnority Being. Little colder i scores who proto the Sabbath day by -- fei,or wish to be Henrietta CMrnlv fl'mrpcrMrd uto re seem ; almost, una voidable, tircu-- to" " and what, a Si Enlund o isuesr iv come.for onrsii-- day the-wea- For the hand that rocks tho cradle, world." Is the hand that rules tho rLacenTJtorH I will - upon us, and sponsibilities that are devolving has comsolemn charge which our Father mitted into our care and management. pow-- ii c Father, come, ye jnt, ;Csitel"iheJ6yetcfnatpt' your .Lord;" your crown?, ascend, and elt with lis, .- ohi what a responsibility ' watfare w Uh the various and conflicting n opposition to the . "Yo blessed of my rewe mothers realize the . cantinue-lO-Jiiregartt-- , the willing and obedient, He will say: 7frl" BuUo ChurCh - This morning as ,,VIli . charitable disposed , - : WkUfly--th- ... - P1 1 claim can neighbor." But it is the poor who We Jay have no to the promise of our Savior. seemed to be a surpaupers among uswhich one of them asking prise to the Commissioners, if we had hidden them away. . that the We have the comfort of knowing e poor in our diflerenl Keliei bociet es, Bishops and .our Ladies the rrrAttPTv nnon -- rthev are uevu wtov,- lolldavs. All ,who are their hearts glad upon to male l ave " Not our people alone, but they merchants -the remembered ot our i. iirunuat;, j ' arthVsame" and time, handing me the you," tokens of her rc:membrance accompanied with 1,:, 11,tn nnto- "Tn Aunt. Helen, with love and best wishes for a happy Christmas, from Ella," which be assured were more highly appreciated for being of her own skilful handiwork. Other tokens of remem- - - and-W- m. : Helen. JZ3idotrgc4-4-- - nt our purpose as a text from a short Christmas sermon. practice from the iime that dolls and assLstiug "Santa Claus" in preparing packages to fill the numerous pairs of big and little stockings after the owners had retired, that all might feel joyous together on the long anxiously and looked for Christmas morning. A delightful means is this, when attainable, of conveying to one another our love and kindly feelings, which should' predomiupon this day of all1 others nate, being the anniversary of the morning Savior of all tFatgave birth to Christ the was born in a mankind, who, history tells us, "Foxes have manger'and never had any home. hole! and birds of the air have nests, said where to Jesus, but the Son'of Man hath not maketh "wealth lay his head." We read that After sup- itating the object of the meeting. with mUSlC. r att tvaa ontprfnined from the sisters nongs, recitations and remarks beand brethren. Sister Amy T. Draper, in half of the teachers, a presented ..a beautiiul Unnft'waa t Art :i 'J album to tne : presiuem, n nr hPr SPli .imeniS 10 UU Cipicssou iu f i, - will serve which to preach, This has been her I ceased dressing a. . y, incident ..., v i . ...... sue, vhilii manded and said that we should keep Holy. ,. ii ta una- - P T f. t tt lie ileik ijjy PpciLUUlUUp iiuit3rjyi cuses for our indulgence in vain amusements, or working to make preparations for them m the coming week, a3 we see frequently done in our midst. Those of more mature years, who ' lead out, should set a difierent example to the use of the younger, instead of making a wrong "think un-- Snhhath dav: which many appear to : kU avoiuaoie, uui a jji wi n tLlf'are impossible J i e makes ntr rernnrcincnU Mia Mn'Llrpn tri fulfil. On' this day wo should go to the hou.--e of worship, not with and a cheerful lung face?, but with a glad heart fool-i;- k countenance. All our vain thoughts and desires should give. way to duty upon that dav. and if we can not restrain ourselves, but " - where Bishop C. N. Smith and his wife "Aunt Lizzie" Jiad escorted them. After order was restored, bister Kezia rial,addressed Eresimanager of the proceedings; iho f ntlr " : has' com: .. ch' Hc mdv -- --r - many earthly comforts and even luxuries which I. have sorely known the want of in dayttut are past, hy t pow in my declining years, I have" many things to cheer me dwelling round td within the bosom otmy family by many tried and true friends. I was just feeling a little sad. at,the thought of my absent son and thinking if he with wife our and little ones could be with us cup would be overflowing, when who should onen mo uoor uut my uusuauus viuow hr.mch. j savmrra with a rUntPr nfvv frrofflfeU 