W Jaws udlid'f and. how ntcufisary :it na young ladies to f 4eflr4e Jt" Id rtBJUiy-G-fi imlajarj oi-- n net only ktijofoK iho'rfgfil . & Ika Cify Friday morning, Sept. Z!na" D H Arrived at Kef lil. .we were rafet by at Povo was j jintd by ..Sitter. Young. Pres. Paxman, took dinner at Sister PitchforthV." .narrow gauge road to After dinner took-th- o Wales. Br. Franzten was there to meet u?, and we drove ovr to Spring- City, arriving there about 5 p m. Tin Ssnpele Ladies Conference was held at Mt. Pkasant, on Saturday .at 10 o'clock a.m. anu 2 pnr. From there we drove over to Fairview and held meetng at 7 p.m. Sunday morning met with thje Sunday School at ML PJeacant, and also the Pri mary As'ocla. tions. Held meeting in the" evening at Sprihg J City at 7 o'clock. Monday Wo went to Ephraim, met with the Iielief Sociaty at 2 p.m., the PrimmyA9Socia- - The children oti at ciations that place have gleaned this season 30 bushels cf wheat. Tueeday wTe rode over to Manti, saw the beau tiful Temple and went all through it. Held meeting there with the alsters. Then drove to Mayfield, and held meeting at 7 p.m. Wednesdays ent to Guunifcch, met with the &ifekrs at TO oVdoik, and from - there went on t0 Fayette and held meeting in tho evening. Thursday morning drove over to Juab, 22 mile, and tr.ok tho train or home. At Provo Sister Zina stopped to visit for a few days, and I , returned to Salt Lake. Pies., Pcttnfon traveled with us the entire trip through the Slake. The vifeit to Sanpeto was one of the-be- st and most enjoyable cf any I have ever taken. Everywhere the good spirit seemed, to ha poured out "in ncirT)Uindance7and both brethren and 88 wellaa the children-seem- ed mere tbanr to to us welcome "The midst. their glad sisters in that locality are doing well and enjoying their latore, and are ready for any good work or laudable enterprise to help in the progress of the Kingdom of God upon the earth. WV shall ber-w- i t h-- m uch pleasure-curi- e ourn among our Was time them, though very limited. They are a good, industiicus end upright people. May the Lord bless thern in all their efforts is M.' Isabella Hor ne. my prayer. sis-ter- s, re-me- m PRIMARY FAIR. brta fine bridle he had made. Among the patchwork exhibited by the th Ward were seme blocks made by some very (mall boy h, and they were as nicety sewn aa those the girls did. It is ntcey' sary for the boys to learn to sew, and tucMe little .felbws may well ba proud cf their first attempt. A pretty piece cf music was composed by a little girl of the 13th Ward, and on Saturday afternoon the delighted the visiters by playing It for them. This, with many other exhibit?, showed what great talent and genl is Ultra is among tho children. We hope the little ones .will continue in their good work. One thing deserving special notice was a calen- dar of notable events in Church History. V,i pages of legal cap paper closely written, by a little girl in the 15th Ward, aged 10 years. It givei evidenca. of unusual ability and decided, tendency to "spiritual influence?, remarkable in . one so young. . - held a very, pk&ving lillb Fair in President o ww. aj.uicD, iuiu, u mjtu, ueginning Wednesday, Beptembar 20th, In all rejects it was a delightful showing of tho handiwork of the children. Each ward of the County had its own standand each one held articles of peculiar Interest.. Tn -- vuvuij uiv ystazouy luem would be utterly fmnnflfiihlp hut n fled the deftness of the little hands, and showed how industrious all must have been to accom- plish so much. There we're displayed all kinds of delicate work, from the most beautiful embroidery and painting down to the ordinary darning, patching and cooking.--- One piece of work, deserving special mention, waa the - piecing of blocks enough for a large qulltjdono by a little girl only four years old, of the 3rd Ward Primary. The work waa so beau-tlfull- y executed that the prize of a rocking chair given by Mr. Glass, was awarded to the tiny . -- Wthere'evc-- lady who did not more about "think, ar;lcx3 marrying?.1.:. And: was 1) in hp-- nvvTi wr r nnp wKn did Tifit. rirtnrr " . it Aiiiu ui hi iulu u.uy luijju luuuiut; "lucky one" chuuld be? Girls talk" In a joke about their "fellows;" and have a great deal of are ioing and lapoft about who they ' "11 .11 now wnen tne event win transpire, tney will manage when thev are married, etc. In listening to them I am sometimes led to wonder if they, ever give the subject serious reflection, if they ever t hi n k of the responsibilities and" d u ties Manyiiepriz23 were given by-diffe- to-mar- WOMAN'S V Editok Exponent: We had our conference, as you Bre aware, the -- second and third of August. VVe had a good time together, the Spirit of the Lord was with ue, and many good instructions were given from the sisters s well as from the brethren who spoke. We were very much disappointed in not . having ycu come to visit u&; in particular the Primary children; thtdr litt'iv-hearrejoieed" when we told them that ycu were coming to speak to them, and after that they had heard that the railroad was washed away, yet when wewent to our Primary meeting Saturday afternoon, my little boy asked me if the sisters from the city would not be there, to Epaak to them. I feel in myhearttpkJ3fiOahIesa4hePrim- ary children; they are but few. here in Castle Dale, but they are bright and Intelligent children, and thoy have improved greatly in the short time since they were organizad. It seems the time passes along very swift, and every moment ought to bo precious to us: a moment In hut n small fraction of. time, yet momnnta make up the threescore years and ten allotted to and few reach that period; they drop' ali the way along, from early time down to old age; though to some there are a few more years" allotted, but when the last day comes, whether early or late, it is useless to plead for more time to close up unfinished business; therefore let us use the, time and the talents the Lord has given unto us to help to build up His Kingdom; and listen to the small voice of the angel of time that follows us from jour early days and whispers, prepare I: Let us live our religion and honor the name of Latter-da- y Saint. May God bless all my si3ters who work for the advancement of the Kingdom of God. I wish success to your paper, that It - may be circulated among the Saints to cheer and bless the sisters of Zion. Caroline A. Larson. ' Castle Dale, Aug. 12, 1883. ta - There is none so homely but loves a looking glass, South, e, . 1 1 1 i ry . T that they take upon themselves when, they ""marry, i'Or marrying i3 only the foundation, and the duties of a wife and mother are many r l - ana lmportanvneeaing tne exercise or patience -- . 1 . - 1 . and wisdom. To choose a husband is no trilling matter, when so much dejends upon that' choice; for our whole life will be iniluenced and our future happiness or misery depends-upoour choice. We all desire happiness, yet-honnrplp.! nnd inrli'ffprpnf. wp nro itvs niinrr the very means' that will secure this blessing to us. Girls should never marry contrary to the wish of their parents, if they do they will repent it all the daysr of. their lives. "Honor that thy days .mav" thy father and thv mother," TT- frriTTrr":T"T)" y e are nromisea ion? m me lauu. luxj - I . ng' u;-ii- rent ad leg and gen tie men of ;th o city. S a eh on ej &3 to give encouragement to the children. A. W. C. 1 r - - mortal-existenc- The Primary Associations of Salt Lake JUAilUiAGE. J " - tiokB at 5 p.m. vihU m s VISIT TO SANPETE! 7, iJun IOT fftk'f making. A very nice quilt, fhown on thi-ceagion, waamadc axT donated. to the. Temple by (he Draper A8Gclat!on. Though the girls had. a greater display, the boys came in for a Urge share of the praise. There were' some, splendid samples of their: garden im", and one little fellow exhibited a very rt; closing reratkyarat; the conference was adjournt d for three months.. I left Halt EX PON - I t wis 'juiie marvel little ones coald do in the way ' . N '8 feeamfetrt'ta. unuUand their phyetos) tfgan at i iraud no t t liiiis after all tut (Iciiig tt. fur our O M A ' " . . . ' " . ... . to come, through obedience to parents and keeping the law of God, then should we think of disobeying them, in this the most important event in our lives? Hqwcould we expect or ask God for His blessinglipon us when wejlis-rega- rd His commands and set at tho -- counsclro 1 oviolrnnareh tF. w hnzd nought tr rTmi t ps "rTpT7" sire is to see us blessed and happy?. , Girls should never think of marrying outside of this Church, unless they wish to throw them selves away and forfeit all claims to the blessings of the Gospel. Girls, never allow the attentions polite or gentlemanly he may be, nor how handsome he is, or how rich he appears to ber Be not deceived. Think not of his rood looks or his wealth. "Be not enticed and flattered by diis attentions; do not permit fhem, lest you let your affections overbalance your calm judg- that you can win him to ment, in the-thou- ght mir sirlp tr tliinlr na wa An onrl Tonoma. such idea, if lie will not do riirht and emhrnoft mo u ca f ne win never embrace it lor you, or it he does, after he has obtained you he would "back down" and apostatize because lie was not genuine, he was a fraud, a deceiver, and very like ' ly he would not only leave" the Church, but would abandon you who trusted him, leave you forsaken and betrayed, to take care of , yourself as best you could; orjf you remained with him, if he did not desert you, you would be cut off from the blessings of the Gos-pe- l, because you had joined - yourself with an -unbelievei7you would be ope with him, for are - not man and wife one? Not only would you suffer yourself, but your children after you, ana" what right have you to deprive them of a guuu lame! ttuu tuc ngui w um Diessings oi . -t- .hfi Pripstlifind' Wp nrn rvVrl lot o first right is a good mother, and I think a good father i3 just as necessary. It 3 direct opposition to the commands of God to unite with unbelievers. Has He not told us to keep ourselves clean 'and unspotted from the world. and not to partake of its . influence, lest we i .... i i snare in its piagues, anai it is hard enough to live as saints should do when we are all e taitn, but aouDiy nara to struggle and fiht ujci-ucutuatr-i- Mu . . -- ' . . of-on- agaiuii an Women up to, to men sne tire" nouse, jjjJKJ3ii,u ajixibt - - naturally want some one to look lead out, set the example and can ionow. n ' the head oi tne husbanasets a good . examje . . 