LOVE'S BIRTH. F- " !It had lainorycarjlifcd a frozen tii!n;j, V : Iu my soul's remotest deep. I drifted through life with & cartlebsjicart, Nor dreame41f the force asleep, ; --t . , ' i pie. - ' ' . of old erect,.healthy, and with a countenance bright and Emiling with tho reflex of the spirit of thy Father God! Long dear Sister may you go stand; to bless and instruct your sisters by your sweet words and, more by your exaui-- - ; ana o'er the scene The moon's soft impulse glowed Casting o'er Loach and shadowed hill irrBlTvcfcd wreath untoldv - Ice storm wan uowu, 'i t" $4 and your .vej Lmay-yoi- The grassy path was smooth, was fair, That led us to the strands With restlessv: anus the sea leaped up And emote the quivering 6ands ' - Oh! something stirs within my heart Full, palpitating life. Swift quickening throbs my eTery pulse "With expectation rife. You raise my lips to yours my soul With passion throes is torn I3ut with tho lingering caress Behold ! my love is bora. -- , -- S - ' : ' - -- r to-da- y, ' . Now, for all that thy soul can desire we pray, With "many bright happy returns of the day." September 7th, 1S82. ADDRESSED. TO SISTER BATHESHEBA WV SMITH, ON HER BIRTHDAY, MAY 3RD, 1883. be upon thee my sister, on this the return of thy natal day; may blessings of from this . every kind be multiplied upon thee thee for day henceforth. Blessings be upon thy sisters in thy labors of love, adminstered to thee for thy holy places! Blessings . be upon like every faithfulness in all the. walks of life; sore had trials, hast thou true Saint of God but hast borne them meekly, and with calm endurance; thy spirit has bent as the willow to the stream, and the spirit of our God has brooded over thee, and He has sent His angels to watch over thee, and-t- o comfort -- and sustain thee; thou hast realized their presence by the intuition of thine own spiritand the whisperings of the Eternal! Thou hast been blest with the .friendship of the servants of God, and of thy sisters, handmaids j)f the same. And we see thee standing like one of the handmaids Blessings : -- prayer of-- he - ; - ; Hannah T. Kinc ' V - .' try- ing to do as well as they can in our scattered' condition. We meet once a month and are united in doing good, so far as it lie3 in our power. We have a Primary Association," and the children take an interest in coming together. They meet once in two weeks. We endeavor to. teach them the principles of the Gospel; I have had a great experience in. this Church. I heard the Gospel in the State of New York, when ten years old, the first sermon that was preached my father; and mother believed, and weriforward into the waters of baptism, January, lS.jThe V heat, "With the prophets of God in their exiled retreat; Thine eyes which bav.e turned not from hardships and toil, -enemies spoil; "ToTiew thy JoBt treasures," thine --Thr ebeeks which have gtowotf witE tho spirit of light, From Him In whose blood aro thy garments washed ' white; . .V heralded have which truth, valiantly Thy Hps In, the scorners proud face, since the days of thy youth; Thy neck, which hath bent not In servitude mean, To tho foes of thy God, howe'er threat'ning the ucene; Thy trmi and thy shoulders, thy lungs and thy heart,"' Thy body entire yea, every part, ,. . Bo blessed and renewed, and strengthened these continue bltssings alway, And with thee To bless thee, our sister, our mother and'friend, Our voices and hearts hero in harmony blend; -- And thousands besides, whom thy goodness hath blesst, Will never forget thee, and sure is thy rest. and claim 'Mbng tho jewels which Jesus will "make up" read thy loved We shall sco thy dear face, we shall name. - - ntho-ameri3-t- As a Relief Society, the sisters here are ,' Blessings This we repeat; From thy silver crowned head to the soles of thy feet, On thy head, which hath ' weathered the storms and tho : jetai L . " WOMAN'S VOICE. k LOVIXO TBrBUf E FROM LULA. ! on y our person you pass ienmu me n. to-rejoic- y BLESSINGS. liless'ings - ;.bi&&3:..you,-fo- May 3rd, 1883, 17th Ward. . , ; Z7:rVrZ7r yMjr- d habitation.---i- your Sister, - - ' ( 7:&lmmck'ritiii jiblessmg : i A gentle touch my wrap was laid ' Around me soft and warm; " And standing thus, your arm was staid ' , Around my quiet form. fay-Go- had faith, enough I should be well in the mora ing: Tliis messenger informed me that the principle of celestial marriage was a true principle; and many thiDgs were told me for my consola-tioFrom that time I never had r a doubt about the truth cf that principle, for I knew I : haLcversed with a that' he had told me the truth', for ' I was healed by the power of God. I arose in the morning welrand wentbout mywoxkrand'I halij)een very ill for three weeks, .not expected to live. ; I al ways felt thankful that the Lord had shown me the' truth of that holy principle. We as .Latter-daSaints 'have great reason in this day, when light has been live that we ' revealed from heaven to redeem mankind. Wishing the Exponent every success, I remain your sister in the Gospel X - -- to-da- y next mmtbrFebroarypny Mariaii Pulsipher Burgess. Thurber, Piute Co,, March 12th, 1833. , A JOYFUL TIME. In honor and respect to Sister Elizabeth - efe in Saints the with We gathered 7 baptized. Kirtland, and shared in their persecutions. I -- ; had the- - privilege of hearing the Prophet Joseph speak almost every Sunday. I was present at the dedication of the KirUand Temple, r when the power of God was manifested to such a great degree. The hymn composed for the occasion "The Spirit of God like a fire is burand I indppd ning wns MMW - thujiiiJTiLlieard-a- n vr-and indeed that hymn always carries witn it a wonderful power whenever it is sung in the congregation of the Saints. In the Temple the gift of tongues and prophecy was very powerfully poured out. It was a time of rejoicing. I knew Brother Jeseph to be a prophet of God, when I think upon the trying scenes he had io and Nauvoo, pass through in Ohio, Missouri of his enehands and at last to be slain by the mies, it causes many reflections and brings back vividly many memories of. the past I was at the meetiHg when Sidney Rigdon called on the Saints .to choose a guardian, and announced himself a3 the man for the position, and when Brigham Young came on to the stand and spoke, I thought the Prophet Joseph had been resurrected, and T arose to my feet and looked, I could scarcely believe it was so much Brigham Young, he looked and spoke then doubt like Joseph Smith. I had no who was the right man to lead the Church; T WW BnVlam Youncr was the right man. I feel thankful the Lord has not forsaken or -- forgotten his people at the present time, but has given revelation through President Taylor. the If we will humble ourselves and honor we will priesthood, God will honor us, and receive blessings at his hands. I know the Lord will bless U3 if we keep his commandments. of you My dear sisters, if. there are any that do not believe in plural marriage go witrr an honest heart, and ask the Lord to make known to you hi3 mind and will concerning this principle. I was once as unbelieving. as any one, and sometimes spoke against the principle, though I knew the Prophet Joseph had more wives. I said if I could know it wa3 a true and I principle I would not speak evil of it, when- do know my own heart condemned me ever I spoke against it. The next September, after the Prophet Joseph wa3 killed, I was very to show sick, and I asked the Lord one night me; if I should live or die. That night a came and talked with me, r heavenly messengertold me I should live, audif I and this holy being . most-aDTjroDri- - Jl ate. X. L P. Williams, a noble and much beloved mothar in Israel, and the respected President of the . Relief Society in St. John's, a party wa3 given by the..sisters of tjie Relief Society, March 15th, 188:;on that May she was sixty-- ; three vears old. About thirty persons as sembled at her residence, a bountiful dinner was prepared, and all enjoyed .themselves. After dinner .the time was well spent in sing, ing, dancing, etc.. Sister Williams was presented with a nice rocking chair, aud other nice presents were made. Later in the evening supper was prepared, and several brethren joined the sisters at the table, and afterwards the-- evening - was pleasantly spent; song3 by ane An-J lto, Hill, KroJ Jamear-SisterLewis;-th- en 8ingingbyall-ithony and Lewis ' the room. .Speech from President Lewis in praise of S'lter W illmma. The President of the Relief Society expressed herself grate-ffor the honor and good feelings. All were happy and comforted, and i twjisjin occe A vthing-so-impres- si : ul . A.NNA J. JOSEPIISON, Secretary. The first annual meeting, of the Deseret 12 in the Hospital Association was held May Council House iu this City. Report of the d labors was presented which will be past-year'- s pub-lishe- next "TriE-Wol-f issue. - ; And Tun Lion." Phil adel-phia,P- a., was April 27th, 1883. 'A new. phrase, laby one of two used in the convention to-da- y dies from St. Louis, who, in behalf of the branch leagues of which thev are members, presented Na- theone $850 and the other $500 to theladies : tional League. Said the latter: "The from tho door while ; propose to keep the wolf clevthe men are keeping away the, lion." This -- Si-- ' forgoten; to-b- asion-never: -- . n of the con- - r erly turned phrase caught the fancy vention at once, and the applause was deafening ladies as she took her seat The spectacle of novel a sitting as members of a convention is The delegates of one, but is rather pleasing. -the gentle sex have taken a great interest in they the proceedings though, except m voting have who Those have borne no . active part. themselves like veterspoken have acquitted success attending the ans, and, altogether, the deleadmission on equal terms of women as for their side of the gates is a strong argument They have been female suffrage question. en with ten.treated, with great respect, and the coder regard, by the other. members have ntention, and no doubt the proceedings they ' been more orderly and decorous conducted been not would have been had they under the eyes of thedadies on thpMform , all the sessions? . -- ar 