Miss Adams as ffcabel boy, evinced thorough at the deathbed of her thought that the society In entitled to credit, for Its labors, and ought to be recognized and reported at home; therefore to the Exponent, as the organ of each organizations in all the woibJ,! the foregoing la respectfully submitted. training and adaptability; The singing of MesdemoI8llea Agnes QleD, and Louie Vells, was cbarm-iDgTathe piano aticompanlmenta by Daynes; Mh'ia us well opening piece, were, of course, perfect. Mesdamea Wells and Thatcher delighted ,.jftig nd tPr&s-the- y pieces, and the tableaux gave the finish The best In g" touch to the artistic programme. among "these wa? "Cornelia, the motbeFof the Gracchi,' which was beautifully represented; and JfLdy Jane Grey," wh Ich was a'so well taken ; "The Good Old days of Yore" was very character- .and "was well presented. The committee of young ladles have shown good taste as well as executive ability, and their success la indeed well earned, for they worked earnestly and with untiring energy, and they certainly' deserve great credit. Bishop H. B. Clawson, who is perfectly at home in matters pertaining to the above items, which were rsIecte4 from report. Respectfully, - "". ance, in this nttentive-audiente,-holdi- - ; ng C. . A members, a total memberfourship of thirty six. Since the organization teen meetings had bsen held, all visits in the various circuits had been industriously and regu larly made andone may be sure, great good en- a nf i u io yamrr ua " inRtmctinff- and ii a u iLrveu uuiio " in need or in tf ' uuutaiu luucc rruw sorrow. It had been decided that the Sunday entertainment School children give a Chrhtmas . , . j lt. OO .1 eveuujB, and this took placer The matter of preparation was given into the hands of the sisters, in connection with the had nicely Sunday School officers, and they decorated the room with evergreen?, flowers, little attractions : wreaths, ribbons, and all the to create, while which women alone know how in one corner of the room was a Christmas tree, twenty-three- e p"" 1 At the conclusion of the brilliantly lighted. to- .? ror-distributed ,-exercisef, suiiaDie prcccu. contribution the youthful performers,the sisters' 85 to this fund being to the value of 49 teen The many visitors to the conference have oi r members the apportioned among the resident Church by the sisters cf this to: was that been provided with all make hem M comfortable of the word, much of the success o? ?Iiterf dse a -i- ton. eoc:ei'r7 ;ths on temperance, placelo an ctoj J Valley View, 7 . A.N. Dear-Sist- er 2,' 1853. . Helen: .. According to promise, I will eudeivor to give you a short history of my travels and experfence since I left home. I had quite a lonesome journey, traveling , all the way alone," 2,400 p.m.. miles. I arrived in Chattanooga about of one the lot like sheep, and I assure you I felt morn-jnnext The hotel. a to find but I managed I started out to find some one that I knew, but It was similar to hunting for a needle in a the needle hay stack, but, nevertheless,! found in the shape of Bro. A. H, Snow, so a of when I Apostle Lorenzo Snow. I don't know ever was as pleased to see any one as I was him; ;he was there attending to Elder John Morgan's to business. We started out the next merning gee the sights; wa went to the top;of Cameron Hlllon the west side of the city, from this the whole country point you can get a view of around. The city water works were beneath us, -the water is forced from the Tennessee River up to the top of this hill, by a steam pump. Into a i gt reserii7andbeir3 is Missionary city in maius. East of the city of the Ridge, where one of the bloodiest Look- iotowQi. wflifou2ht. also, to the south is was cut Mountain where another great battle cut 10 pieces ;n fought; the timber was literally is & thismountain; It is a very high point, there .tccomodction present on the top, a hotel for the Cemeof visitors. We next visited the National beautiful place; tery, eastof the city; this is a is there are 14,000 Boldiars bjried there; it eodded down to lawn grass ail over; the graves are laid out in sections in circles, so many gravesunto a section, the graves of those thai are each known surrounded by those that are known; a miible fciab. grave being surmounted, with iron --The entrance to the?e grounds h through an two large stone gate, the gate surmounted-b- y pillars, about 16 feet high, the date head riECE, JnEciibedwltll r.cadamized of Its erection. There is also an road lending to this clty4 It Is quite a large city fceing-hung-- of you; were wg togethersomo time whcrranotherjRider, Brother Soule came, sol am to travel-withim, sees to as move nround Brother he Coray leaving fit; be log too old to do much walking this winter. to travel in, it being Tti3avery hard country ' 1 have, done considerable very mountainous, traveling and fireside talk since I have been' here. I have spoken' in public twice; my desire fs to fill a gcod; and honorable mission, and I feel to put my trust In God, knowing that he la able to accomplish all things; and I - know if a man is honorable and contrit& in h?s spirit, he will be able to . overcome all obstacles, and that friends will be raised up to him on the right and on the left. I have verified this wherever I have met friends. Brother Coray and I have bteh able to get into society where no other. Elder hel been; among men that were most' bitter in their prejudices six months ao. They are very wealthy people, and they have given us standing invitations to stop with them, I ar- predate thie, and atknowledgtr-th-e .hand of God-- in it. Brother Smith, in blessing me, told "me " that I Ehould follow In tha ftseps of rMlierTE and that I should never lack for friends, and should be able to accomplish a good mission, providing I would keep the word of wisdom, and keep unspotted from the world, which counsel I "have faitfrenoughrofollow with theJielp of my Heavenly Father; Well, dear Vi ter, I will close for the present, with Jove io your family, Uncle Horace and Aunt Maryland family, not -: forgetting yourself. From your aflectionate Brother, 1 Newel W. Kimball. V p. S. I Lave seen a notice in the Exponent ent rno by Aunt Em, of a pamphlet written by you, which I would like to have if you would eud it to me." Give me your fa! ia and prayers. Go I ble.'s you allis the praver of your brother, X. V. Iv. ten-spea- Us, -- Smy the Co., Virginia, Jan. . he of -- MISSIONARY LETTER. ; Birqth extto ward Coray, h them spellbound, as it were, by his eloquent and touching addresv. After occupying an hour and a half, the speaker asked all 'who would make a resolve not to take any strong drink for one 'year, to raise the right hand, when all, or nearly all hands were raised. It being a free" lecture, a hearty vote of thanks was tendered Mr. Clark for his interesting entertainment of. the evening. Doubtless much good will be the result of his sincere labors. Dec. 6, 1832. -- the-ewrtlo- tzr . The Swiss and German mission yesterday aronlno "tnrmTiiff Arf a Tiriolf otf an flail snH lnatrilf tire conference, during which, among statistical and flnanrfal rennrts frnm nil narts of the mis- tinn Ttmruntn(r th hrnnrhps. th wnrk of nrpflrh- Jng the Gospel, the emigration of the Saints, the Sunday schools, etc., a very creditable report was given concerning the Women's Relief So-nM.xr v V ATfNtfnoro In 7 " thn rltvj of Tirn.2 The Slaters had their meeting yesterday at o'clock, the hall being densely crowded with brethren and ciafra frnm vnrlnna Vmrts of Switzerland, and it was really a most excellent gathering, the ladles: presiding, speaking, bearing powerful and impressive testimonies, and conducting the whole business of the meeting in a manner instructive and edifying to all who enjoy the Spirit of God and who are able to appreciate its presence. Ac- . I, . 11 Ml V3 4Viftf" n 1 II coraing 10 ine repori meio icau, n ncaio u the society was organized by Prest. P. F. Goss, on the"30th of June, fSS2, with a president", two and . Otb, Mr. WilJiam O. Clark, of California, one othJs pathetic lectures on temper- Bern, Switzerland, L -- At Morgan City, cn the evening of January FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE. , lecture t: when BrotherJIjfJtyii3 from .Misglasippi; ho t hen .set me apart to" travel, fn VSrfdnTXleft on . the..night of the, destination . I ..vss-h- e re alone !oV a"8 in onlh j: before my traveling companion came, he had been to Pennsylvania visitirg his folk?, I think 'you and Uncle Horace are acquainted with hi my .8tf5yeliexaJ lf ofthe latter, as she cannot write English, I have prepared, by request of Prtst. Goss, the rendered the 'committee the - most efficient aid, and the benefit of his advice and skill, helped much to make the affair not only a success, but a pleasure to all who attended. Editok Woman's Exponent: Ste ter ' : be-ha- scene?, : ds Magdalena Rohrer, President; Stefer Elizabeth "Hachen'and Magiajena Rothliebsrger, .Ccnn'f el. ore; and Sister Itosa Muller, Secretary. In : the lovers ofnauslc r Bome SOnoO inhabitant?, but there are about two-thirof them negroes. So much for Chattanooga, I stopped at. that placefour days, r - : ; MILLENNIAL STAR. of' tfTIio Latter-daclosed the forty-fourt- h The Christmas numl.er Saints Millennial Star" volume of that valuable journal. est It is the y eld- one pubKshtd in Liverpool. paper-exce- pt Thi3 paper is edited and yublbhed at the present time by Apostle Jolin Henry Smith, now President of tho European mission, though .the it for the pres?, is in practical work of prDaring - I: the. h9'ndsof Elder U. l. w inmey, anu 111a tv;pH,-- il abiiitv n apparent even in hi-- editorials. .He cMe3a most interesting editorial on Christ- mas in this poetic strain: "Let smiles wretho every face with gladness Let happiness, like a well, rise uj) from every hones t heart;-anrippling laugh ter, like a sunny stream, flow merrily forth from the lip that wait on purity, speaks no evil. Let pleasure and festivity go hand in hand with temperance. ge d Le t f aUhi hope i nd charity th 0 white-wigraces of the Christian gospel encircle eacbi festive board, and hover over every family hearth'. Let kindness and brotherly love be overfall. Let -- mutual mediator and- - generoos -- poverty-praise generoua-wealt- h, wealth jpmember poverty. Let the epngof the and the laughter JubIUnUtunejO)ycmtIty the Inward praycf 7 cf innocence be tempered Fy j d n ind-,monarc- h 