W 0M A N 98 re wu rrae the Lorvi & we csrrsrr rs this '"is rfis how. Lhn? an? thou-- . sands' of bmliKfa and i?:eij thai have labored these walls 'andj pu; on-- ihi'rocf. and"' jo f.'Vy.'are.jJjuj butircra, iut epfWrtunitv t;f. en'-'- -b-- : B X P. O N ENT. .... W But there we ndemu Saucing;. but we do hiTe'iundeil their religion. to . hnd nothlua: to read in xviurchapter.xv, lX -- 1 verses: ."And 31iriam, the prophets, the sister of . :Aaroy. took a timbrel in her hand, and all the and-witjam brels jromen wentout alter her wjth dances. And liriam answered thtm, Ixrd, for He hath triumphed "Sing ye to the " failed ; glorious! v." This "same spiri t was what th,- of iha Saints of Kauvoo, who had budded a Temple." to the Most High, in the midst of the must bitter poverty aud persecu-- v tion they had proven their faith by their works. A The Lord had been their shield aud their: de fense; though scourged and smitten from time to time - they had no cause to doubt but still protect them and fight their battles. This He! had promised, through Joseph the Prophet, that Ho would do, like as he did to Moses in the case of the children of Israel if they would go forward and do His bidding, and" after being delivered even out of the ' ud f- . tion? Yfs.! .'and this .i the ver v nhuv where hevjcan ha.YilextTVxu.win.gato--adan- " -he- I T . llt PC LUBk -i : ir rrs uutnnc winUOWS. nnr I thft TnAflTlPflf ArHS innlror seller it was resolved to break up rr lrTiiolr-t- the , 1 1 J -- 1 1, and all put out of the way. But when he re ceived correct instructions he acted right, and aiit trap which our enemies laid "for ; .theplan i i so ..?: us worneu mat it gave us the advantage over them j and when he went according to counsel he came off victorious every timp. Wo-arc hunted ,aud persecuted and our enemies to try trouble us in every way. Wejieed aJit- tie recreation. My mind is continually UDon the stretch, because I know the Church must be saved. The Gospel must be preached to all the world. Temples must be built, and T then add to this all minor rottAr toll rnn' v I vu j 110 Ulan klinWS.nr fan VtTaw ltiirrlcn nnA i responsibility that rests upon my mlnd,unleshe experiences it. One thing I will do, I will do my utmost to break down everv thin-- ' that , i .... j:..m,. xt .winit uoi, nave uivision and contenuiy tion, and I mean that there shall nut be a fid- in un.i Lnurcn out what has Holiness to the Lord upon it, nor a flute, nor a ' trumpet, nor any other instrument of riiusic. If Jos eph Smith had lived we should not have been here,we should have been in some other country i uvh t ciajr in luw nouae out a little while. We have got to build another house; it will be a larger house than this,-- and a more glorious ' one, and we shall build a great many more; wc shall come back here, and we shall tn Kin build hous all over tho continent land, and of North America.. Last night we had some of our young folks here some of our children, and they all covenanted that thev would no more minple with the wicked. After closing his remarks he gave perm ie'sfton for all that , " & - -- 2 1.7-- 1 4- 7inan- were worthy of lreing disfeilowshinped: They, like the sects of the day, had received their training from the old school where to sing a song or to laugh or run upon the Sabbath day was too much for the sanctity of those who believed in burning men, women and children as witches, etc. At lhG7 Professed to believe in the S9, V0 and Holv Lible, upon- - 7hlch aU c:;nsidf-re- .r-rcta- - !l-- t- t - the earth. We have cause to believe that dau8hters of those who persecuted are coming to a knowledge of the truth. fln,Ulro,u X?.nd a"l to-.- put a veto to the great putlus aand ,1c, to oomrlk!. .-- LaSav " this tic-- 11 7 ' o onrl it x I CTTfirT7 rTTC?i llft thought, we would certainly do different, and rliitilr wotvuiili? hp rnnrp mrpfnl nnd rill t a wnicn double guani causes so many neetUesj pangs and heart burnings by the unfeeling criticisms, evil speaking and tale bearing which are so commonly indulged in making mountains out of mole hills, thereby sowing the seeds of enmity and discord and hatred" between brothers and sisters, and by those, too, who Jiave covjen anted J)e&re God and His angels that they would cease the practice and do it no more. Nor would there be so striking a liae drawn between the rich and the poor by- - following and. apeing, not only theBabylonish styles, which are fast "creeping into our midst with all their Stiff and aristocratic forms, but other great evils which are growing out of it. Pride and high minded ness we know that the Lord will not They are not according to the Gospel nor the pattern set by "our Savior, whose only associate (wc read) were the poor, and they were looked down upon just as they are It is very humiliating to confess that we have such things in Zion, but which cannot long be permitted for they are' among the greatest QflinsVnd which are calculated to lead men and women down to perdition. upoa-iuat-unrmy-inera- spoken , a n AT--- Utthe:7rtfgj-4- 1 i . coun-tanauc- to-da- y. To be Continued. LEMUEL, NOT SOLOMON. . J 4 C - ' liilhsj a r nwin r-.r.- l AvrnHnt.4-made-- - this latter day wTork1ii that early to this time. They were placed upon day up record for us and our posterity1 to read, fore- - -: telling events aud what should be accomplished in a far off country, of which we then knew little or nothing.. Then how can we disbelieve the rest? And have wc not witnessed and helped to fulfil many of the predictions of Isaiah? Ho vr plain and beautiful 'are these words: "And there shall be a highway for the remnant of His people, which shall le left from Assyria, like as it was to Israel in the day that he came up- out of the land oi . Kgypt.;; 0 Zion, that bringest good tidings, et thee up intovthe high, mountains; lift up tly voice with strength, lift it' up, be not afraid-sa- y unto the cities of. Judah, Behold your God! Who are these that fly as a cloud, and as. the .. doves to their windows? And the soib of etranges-- j shall build-u- p thy walls, and their kings shall minister .untu thec, for in my wrath I smote thee, but in my favor have I had meron thee." cy "The sons also of them that amicted thee shall come bending uuto thee; and all thev that despised thee shall bow themselves at the soies of thy feet; andjhey shall call thee the city of the Lord, the Ziou of the Holy One of Israel."' "Fear not: fur I am with thec: I will bring thyMVoiuh iililJu.-l.T-t- the i th iTnTjLr and - the- ; jMth keep not back: bric-mcx . hand of mercy and prosperity. But are we deserving the title of Lxkr.y &dnU following as we are doing in the ways of BabylonL nfthdmtiihg up wfth the GentileworluTiII we from them? "Decanlcafcely be distinguished " part ye, depart ye, go ye out from thence, touch no unclean thing; go ye out from the midst of her, be ye clean that bear the vessels So spoke the prophet Isaiah. 'of. the Lord." 'i ! l l il i w e -It e cou id out - real jzeine-reaosjriD- Hi are sustaining by disobeying any jfjhe commandments of God 'and remember that we have got to render up to Him a strict account : The traditions of our forefathers, which we ' all inherits! a potion of, were -- such that dancing w?? !!. ihund)t ;mwj llm tinner. decide l 1 icm'rmir fulfilment-of-their-wo- rds J 1 - i louu-BUfTerin- cr , -- wished to retire to do jio.v N-- the testify to . and for- heen merciful. bearing with us during all the yearj of our inpilgrimage? With all our sinfulness'and gratitude He has still extended towards us a lo , . ii fi The prophet also said, Ana me utmura nau. come to thy iignt, auu the kings to the brightness of thy rising Lift u i thine; eye? roundi about, and see: they gather themselves together,. thev come to thee: thy sons snau come irom. far "a nd thy daugh ters shall be nursed at thy, m "There are six things that the Lord hates , yea, seven that He abhors a proud look and a lying tongue, hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that deviseth evil imaginations, r feet that be swift to run to iniiehief, the false" witness that speaketh lies and hcithat sowetli discord among brethren." one can truth fuly say that either Joseph Smith's prophetic words, or those spoken by Brigham Young and his brethren have failed. Thousands upon thousands of this' people can "Mort - -rould to-da- r ' m n a ti f nv.ti Ir 1I icmuau. But how many have remained true to those m the house oi the Lord, and continued true to the sarae.' lias tu church 4Tts not to And look devout and seem to pray,' And e'er Ban goes down 15e dealing scandal through tbo town." mons" this fall; and if I had hearkened to Col. T a . seventh trouble their joy aud gratitude was poured out to their Deliverer in music and the dance, and they felt to sing, "Thou in thy -mercy hast led. forth: the people, which thou hast redeemed: thou hast guided them in thy .strength unto thy holy habitation." T . ns n,i : got me yet, and when they do get roe they will -I tnr v.w LnnirJ htnA oik cicc, x nsuiy uu. x rum XTil ..wuuuiuj; d0Wn tO of the fulness of time. Js it of Grangers that havebrought n and haye bui ded our strength aud muscle, .it.r fh'iM. and assisted in brmginir Who are fhU barren snl under subjection crh where; there are at le&stno old settlers toouar. rel with Us; where we can !av we have tilled '' ruads." and wa ivil'l the snakes and rtjada ii leave this dieted nation to themselves Tor they have rejectedlhe Gospel. This church' has obtained already all they have labored, for in building this Temple, but after we leave here (I feel it in my bone's) there will be thousands oi men that can go into any part oi the world and build up the kingdom, aD(I build temples. If any want to faint, let them faint. If there are any that don't want to go with us, don't urge t hemp The United States Government says, if we let the Mormons go out from this nation they will give us trouble. Well, per haps their tears wilLcomeJijK)iuLejiiWhere-i- s there a city of refuge on the face of the earth but this? They have tried to. break up up, but with all their officer',. all their troops and Jill thpj have got writ4 out for me, but they have not dW.on-:itn- not the h 'i: :in;.tifwvjrld - am I p hall ft fc ey have any recrea" j . Di buque, Iowa, August 7th, 1833. "H. B. B." recently contrasted Dr. Hammond's idea of women with the description of T r .... a virtuous woman found in Proverbs, and attributed its authorship to King Solomon. But this wisdom did not cwne from any love-si- c . omon. The words are those of King Lcm-.7? his i.oihcr taught hitn? nthcpr6ph;?lkai Appar ently-sh-s "j umpsd at this conclusion ;'5&. wise one, censidcring her "neurotical condition." Itis th8 abnormal, hysterical women who usually put themselves under the care of mate physicians. Then these physicians judge &U women by these invalids. Doctors, like the Hebrews, see a "fall' whenever women, Eves daughter?, desire pTcjrcss. '" ' .. llxvrt V.. ArAiib. -- e. 