7S : of heaven direct from God the instruct him in'. Eternal Futherto teach-an- d the' duties that should be required of him, but until those whd held the keys of the everlasting Priesthood, the authority by which, men admm- from : -- and reports up in proper shape; to do careful how we censured others, and be gene- r- : Conference was adjourned for three months. Singing. Benediction by Joseph L. Hey wood. : Sarah P. Crosry, Secretary. ve . . -: . j up-iBu- . ; Ruth. Salt Lake City, Oct. 10, 1833. JL S., Y. L. M. I. A . AN D . OMERj ARIZONA. Dear Editor: REPORTS. PAXGUITCII STAKE - We were first organized as a Relief Society. under-the direction of P. J. Christofferson, Jan. 1st 1879. We "were then reorganized with the assistance of Sister W. East, Stake Presir dent of Relief Society, " Aug. 20 1879, with Sister - Cecelia Hamblin, President;! Mary Skouson and, Polly .Greer, Counselors; Julia Johnson, Secretary. A change was made in the officers Aug. 21, 1881, with Sister Emily Burke, President; Mary Skouson and Margrett 3LT3ewit, Counselors; Mary B.Eagar, Secret tary; Ada A. Earl, Assistant Secretary; Celia Jensoh, Treasurer; and 29 members enrolled. The keie and the "ditionThaO other brethren have kindly given U3 a lot, and we have paid for the lumber to fence it; we want to plant some mul berry --trees, to see what-- " they willdo in this country. We anticipate building a house during the summer; we have a very healthy climate and a good people; they seem to be trying to live their religion and build up the waste places of Zion. We are on very friendly termswith neigh"" bors; we can see a great difference in their dress and. customs since we came among them, although none of them have embraced the Gospel, yet there are some believing it. The Exponent comes to us like a dear old friend to cheer and bless us; we prize it very much Tin jlus flir off land. I Ever praying for our sisters who their time and remain-- , energies for the welfare , we in sisters the Covenant, E. J. Burk, Presi-den- t; your Mary M. Eagar,Seeretary; Ada A.- Earl, Assistant Secretary. ... -- . can our-Mexi- g7 of-Zio- - n, UTAH STAKE. 11. S. CONFERENCE The (Quarterly Conference of the Panguiteh Stake lloliof Society was held Aug- - 31st, President Barbara Myers presiding. There were" present on the occasion Apostle ErastusSnow, John R. Murdock, Prest. of the Ikaver Stake, Prest. J. W. Crosby and several of the leading brethren. After singing jihd prayer minutes of the last conference were read and approved, and written reports were given. - President" Barbara Myers said it was a very busy time, but was glad to see so many out; circumstances ihad prevented her visiting all the Stake. Ex-- . I horted the sisters t do all they could to teach their children, "the principles of the -- Gospel. 8pokeof the. storing of grain. Snow E. said he was Apostle pleased to meet7 with ;the. sisters, and also the brethren; spoke of training the youth, felt to encourage sing- ing and music to make home cheerful and en- 1 tertaining; not to give .way to evil speaking, but be ready to hold up the hands of the weak, and those that arc afllicted to give them joy. . Prest. Murdock said it w;a3 with feelings, of -gratitude he stood before us; did not know what, was calculated to do ' more good than these meetings of .the Relief Societies; felt to admire the prospects we had before us; said it was the small things that counted in the Kingdom; that theaters were the refining part of the community; if we had intelligence it should be : - . - and-verb- al - - are-spendin- PRIMA R Y :. " : ! and life to "one another. There is a mutual love that actuates these sisters" towards each other. We should realize our positions, and" so live that our examples would have an ennobling influence; let us put away our follies that "we may be worthy to join with, boly beings, we are not far from them. We must get rid of all selfishness; let us become God-lik- e that we Zion. Mount be saviors on We want to may live to do good, and. Jhe heavensKjoice over: . . briiig .together,JikecoilsjQfLiireimrrting 1 gct-their -- 'I e capacity. enjoyment, and when we unite together we draw down Tthe blessings oheavenr Whflt.'j. "Hjleshirrese aging words; urged the secretary to get blank? no-rig with J.he statistical report,: which -- shows a wonderful increase in our numbers since the : organization of the Church, arid I could not help but think that those who are waiting and watching for Morinonism to die, would, if they. ; listened to that "report, begin to get somewhat discouraged, and conclude that for a dying it was wonderfully "thrifty. I listened attentively (I could not certainly-b- e a" great'desire .called disin terested) but to learn the true status of things generally, and I must say that I failed, to preceive any signs of decay. I cannot think that "our healthy condition is due to any especial care that has , been bestowed upon us" by those who are not of us, as i have never, since I can remember, seen anything that would induce me to to be-- , lieve that we were a pet of even the parent government that we love so well; they have never provided food, raiment or shelter for us when they could help it; they have even turned out of doors, and seem pretty determinedly "minds to keep us out. I cannot h help but conclude that if our welfare had upon their tender care alone depended .that we should have been, by this time, in. Without the situation they would like ioliee us, to wue some of their own expressions, used t we "Jcno win whom to trust; we know. who Was sheltered U3 from the rude blast, who has turned aside the wrath of the enemy and made it an instrument for good, who has comforted- us in times of ailliclionrwho has bound up the broken heart and made it to rejoice in times of sore trial, and "His arm is not shortened, and 11 is hand is stretched ou t still;" we have nothing to ear but ourselves. Father's promises are sure, wo have only to obey. " -- . htr 1that.aineiiuthQritraipo In m he imd to act. j... But I:; am digressing; we started out cou-fereuc- Therdntofgd - . . ' i with the sisters in a ways pleased to meet used; that the sisters had a much to do in their sphere as the brethren, and one was not without the other in the.- building' up of the. r Kingdom of God. .tho-court- - Minutes Conference of the Re lief Society of Utah Stake, held August 31st, 18S:, Couuselor Mary John presiding. Visitors from Salt Lake City, Sisters E. R. Snow Smith, E. B. Wells, II. M. Whitney and E. S. Taylor. Conference opened with the usual exercises of singing and prayer, reading of minutes and reports of the societies throughout the county. Counselor Mary John made a few remarks, in which she expressed her pleasure at meeting with the sisters in conference again, and regretted that we were deprived, through sick-uesoj having Ma Smoot or Sister Cluff with she would say that with the help of the us; "Lord she was determined to hold out faithful to the end. ,; v - Sister E. B. Wells was pleased with the reports of Utah County, thought they would compare favorably withny other reports she had ever heard in any Conference of Relief Society that she had attended. Said it was wonderful to think the good these societies were doing. There is power in the women of r .ion in helping the Priesthood; exhorted the' sisters to be more punctual in attending these meetings. Spoke in the interest of the Deseret Hospital and of the good it was doing for the afflicted, and explained its practical workings, invited the sisters fcTrenew their membership, Sister E. R. Snow Smith said she was al- s, . ; . -- -- usr.""'"""-""- ' ' : Sister E. S. Taylor followed with some very good remarks on various subjects. The Relief I. Associations, Primaries, Societies, Y..L.-1 e t c. Ad vised m others to wa tch o ver their "children, give them good counsel and advice, and use their influence in having them join these societies. , Conference adjourned till 2 p.m. Afternoon session opened with singing and -- M. . prayer. Sister E. R. Snow. Smith nresidinoo i : irnnl1 lllro in lioon delF:-dhe'-differesocieties, mst oa i)ic should spirit dictated.We always bear our when occa4onsoffer, those testimotestimony nies never grow old, for w know not that-w- e will be able to testify the same that we do for many have fallen away from ' the truth. A number of the presidents bore a faithful testimony to the truth of this work. Sister II. M. Whitney said, she could "bear her testimony to the truth of this work, "and without we each have a testimony for ourselves we can never stand. I love the saints of God. We must be humble and.prayerful and live near to God and if we have weaknesses try to overcome them, and drav our " lov ed ones after us. I cannot doubt thi3 Gospel any more than l ean doubt" my existence.- Any one that will step forward and sustain celestial marriage will be blest in so doing; let U3 be unitedfor in union 7 there is power." Sister E. S. Taylor gave the sisters .good instructions, especially young mothers, in regard to their children. Spoke of her knowl- edge of the truth of celestial marriage, and iuu.rtuiVrU-ii- , m iier owu lamuy. Sister E. B. Wells said, I think we have had excellent teachings. Spoke of Doctor Barney's offer to teach; and. thought' the' sisters should avail themselves of the opportunities given for instruction, a3 we were very de- - : ficient in good midwives and nurses, more es- specially in tbe outlying settlements, and Dr. Barney's ofler ws not often met with; said wo need to study to promote the prolongation of human life, and how to be more healthy and strong. We want to ' raise men and women physically strong as well as intellectually and morally so. Made intelligent remarks upon this subject, as also, upon education; advised the sisters to become acquainted with law aad government, that those who had the privilege cf voting might do so understandingly. Sister Snow Smith said, I want to talk about this medical school. There will never be such an offer again; we ought to have 1,000 .sistera learning, We vant knowledge. Death often ensues just from the want of knowledge.' We should be up and "doing. Woe " to those that arc at ease in Zion. If the sisters can call back to life the sleepy ones it will be a great work; spoke eloquently upon this subject for some little time. Bishops Johnson and Madsen both bore their testimonies to the truth of this work and also eudorsed all that had been eaidj7tl - Kritfl clio ! fi-n- m nt to-morr- to-da- y, " . . 1 pres3-forward-an- d ' - -- -- -- - -- 