... TV 0. iiV ti I cis c -- a or Loggia. r - ESsmJ en wer csly la- - fcamfel bdlsiiESr ooi hands, the other belng been H'Mybelcnjlajj "to"lfifiaiyiih'.lil cf nint $tff?? itandlng; he was healed immediately. These tie great testimonies to as, and we fee to give pnJae where prats i a due. I enjoy my Ubora, ; andfwl to be energetic and wide awake and emulate the example of All - good men. I ha ve traveled in several counties, borne my test!-- : mony whenever I could ge t the chance. I have a good companion In my brother, one who has got the spirit of his mlfaion. I feel to thank my Father in heaven for this mission, and hope that I can fill it with honor Is the greatest desire of my heart. Remember me to all Inquiring friends. With kind love to self and family, I remain, " :CiXL'- Your affectionate nephew, NEWEL W. KlilBALL. tu2iing from a chrcriic dLseA3 . - 1 - U icgust, Brcther Xdlefson and wife were called to St. Gecipj Temple and remalaed tiere 5 menthi; Sister Edlefson was in poor health during that Uae she enjoj very return' she -I-caring her stayat St. George And after her anticipated much pleasure in the prospect or laboring In the Logan. Temple. Notwithstanding her poor health aiter her return home, be retained her -- buoyancy of -- spirit and - ardent hope that recover and continued so until a short time previous to her demise, but when finding death inevitable she became resigned and willing to die.'and departed this life in peace and the full hope of eternal life. At the time of her death and for several years previous she acted as : one of the counselors of the .Relief Society of the Fifth Ward of Logan. Sister Edlefson was a woman of rare ability, was possessed of qualities that are necessary to make a good Saint, wife and mother, all o which ahe was to an eminent degree. She was the mother of nine children, four of whom are dead, those llring jmay be greatly blest and aided by the lustre and goodness of her exampIe,for during her career In the Church she endured many privations, both In her own land and InUtah, for the Gospel's sake, maintaining with- - her own hands; her family while her husband performed several years ot - Com-mo- she ever manl-rest- ed an implicit faith in the' Gospel and the ordinances thereof, particularly was this noticeable in her recent illness with respect to the administration of the elders, experiencing relief upon nearly every occasion when administered to. She was greatly respected and esteemed by all who knew her, as Is evinced by the following n, memorlam: Yorkshire, England. Waa baptized by Samuel d Wood, October 29th, 1847. Emigrated with' her in 1857 to SaULke City, and came lo Uephi In 1SC3. Was called and aet apart by Bishop Br .ran tm " preside orer the Nephi JKellef Society, Jane 23rd, 1868, which potltloe the filled with, honor and satisfaction nntil ycjrnajyjgthi lSjShejLEhejwaa choaea and et apart by President Teaadale to preside orer the Juab 8take"Beleif Societies, Nephi, Mona and Leran; wai JfaithM to her duties. !he won the lore and affeclion-- of the officers and members over whom she presided. The remalna were followed from her residence to the"" Meeting House by her family and relatWes, her counselor and secretary, the board and teachers of the Nephi Society, the President of Mona Society, officers of Let- jan Society , and members of the Nephi Society. President Paxman, Patriarch J. G. Bigler, C. n. Bryan, Q. Kendall and C 8perry made very appropriate remark, aided by the Bpirlt of God, comforting the bewared that wertpreaent, and a fervent prayer by Brother Joel Grover to God onr Heavenly Father for His bles-lnto rest upon the family and bereaved husband, wno is now on a mlSBlon to England. The Nephi Brass Band was In attendance, and her re mains were conveyed to the Cemetery, followed by her family and many Mends. Com. ttu? S Ia FebrMI7 emigrated to lWtcdatHyrum, Cache Co., and in the 1S5S' - : R S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. - from England : , - Sister Taylor spoke to the children, said a few years ago there were no prophets nor apos-- , and how thankful we should h, ties on be that we are : permitted to come upon the earth when God has. again restored the Gospel' When we are sick we should to earth. call in the elders., to anoint and administer unto us, then if we are not appointed unto death we will be healed. Sister Howard said she was delighted to hear the questions so well answered; and was very pleased to know they remembered their prayers, for if they would always aso they would be preserved from accifctT' Little boys, do not use tobacco, for it is a filthy weed.' Obey your parents, that you may Attend have long lives upon the earth. your meetings regularly and spend - no time in nunting lor tnings tnat snouid be kept ui their places, for you will be held respousible for all the time you have on earth. Set m example worthy of imitation by these childBe careful ren whom you have emigrated. of your health, and do not expose yourselves to the cold and wet when it is unnecessary. r Do not be cruel to animals, no matter wtat kind they are. Be humble, gentle and obedient at all times. Always be cheerful and happy, then the angels will attend you. the-eart- Sister- - Barber - exhorted -- " thechildren to treasure up the instructions that had been Ever be 'good, kind and obedient, : given. that you inay grow up good men and women. - President "J. TETMelen thanked the children for their good attendance and kind attention. Asked the, children each to sav five cents towards emigrating two more "children from" England, a brother and sister to the little boy and girl that had already come to Zioii through their efforts.' , Conference was then adjourned to the first Friday and Saturday in September.1 Chilt r ren sang. Benediction. z ' ; Lavinia " Paery, Secretary. Raport of the Primary Association of Cache Stake ibr the half year ending March : ' ASHLEY, UINTAH CO. On the Fourth day of March, 1883, we met and organized a Primary Association with Sister Abigail Oakes as Preaient; Ella Reynolds Bodily, Counselors; Sister-Mar- y Sister Annie "Brown AbhofferrSecretary; Treasurer. - Thev were blessed and set apart So- Mary M. Edlefson, beloved wife of Brother N CrEd." son, died,; May 18th, 1SS3, at her home inLogan, Utah, after a long illness. She was born 10th February 1800, at Fyen, Denmark, was married in the fall of 1S31 h of Sister EdUfson. . Mary Where t Almighty God has eoen fit to take from our midst by the hand of death Sister Mary Edlefson. Therefore, be It resolved, That .while we bow in burna ble submission to the divine will of Almighty God we realize that we have lost by her death a friendly adviaer, a motherly counselor, and more than all, a firm and fafthful supporter of the principles of the Gospel. Resolved, Teat we treasure up her past efforts in teaching us the principles of the Gospel, and advising us for our best good and that we emulate her worthy example. ' Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be spread upon our minutes, and one presented to the bereaved ones. Axxie AJTDEBSoy, Secretary. Fifth Ward Relief Society, Logan, June Cth, 1SS3. r gs ciety of Nephi, June 14th, 1883. Besolutlons of Respect to the memory of our Stake President, Slater Amelia Goldsbrotigh: Whereas, it has pleased Almighty God, by the hand or death, to take from tn our beloved President. Resolyed, That we recognize in her death the loss of an abla and worthy President. Resolved, That w esteem her p&st untiring, energetic and faithful labors In the path of duty worthy of our higheat appreciation aid emulation. That Resolved, we, sensibly feeling our loss, sincerely and deeply condole and sympathize with her family and friends, and absent husband in their bereavement, and may we long remember her good example of patience and perseverance In the path of duty, and strive 'to walk in the path she so nobly trod. : Resolved, That these resolution bo spread upon our records, and covj be furnished the bereaved family, also one be sent to the Womiu's Expoxixt for publi' ' c110 ?Amt Lobktts Biglbu, Stake Secretary. 2fcpM June 14th,18S3. mldst-oLwhlc- Resolutions of Respect to the memory hut-ban- RisoLtjnoss ot RsspBCT.Cd opted by the Relief - she-woul- IN MEMORUM. oate-chis- ed ' ' mlssionaaborjjnthe Dunlin NepM, Jaab Co., Jane 11th, 1SS3, Ameli n. Ooldrtronjh, wife of Brother Henry Goldsbrough. Deceased was born December 7th, 1814, at little and prayer, reading of minutes and the Stake report etc. Presidents of the varions" societici' gave verbal reports, The children were from "Bible Questions and Answers," President Jane E.'.'Molen then presented children whom the Pri. had emigrated ruary Associations of this Stake ' 5 In year faM.wiag mored to Ottd la Bear Lake Valley. tuh! family to lie jearlSTI she cored with ha? husband wure mziwertd. and ore. feft tsy Gcd fclesasd Wi fc&i ibesi asi- - to- klr ca t pais, bat Ocd fsTer left it; ecr JINN'S EXrONKKT -- ihhn(Li ff Bishop Hatch, bhefier and Counselors. These brethrenBishop made some excellent remarks and advised the sisters to take such care and interest in these meetings as would encourage the children and be a benefit to them through life. On the First met and had a very day of May jepicnic, songs were interesting meeting gung, and pieces recited, and we enjoyed ourselves very much indeed. President Abbv Oakes gave uY some very good instruction which we highly the heartfelt wish of your sister in the Gospel ' ' ' --- Melvie Bassett Glinfs, Corresponding Secretary. :r- LOGAN, CACHE CO. - GCp?f Zlt ?rimary Association of 1st, 1883: K On the stand Prwi! dent Jane E. Molen, Counselors ber and Hansenand Sisters E. S. l" E. Howard of Salt Lake anfereSe opened with the usual exercifes of Sg . Meetings hld, 337; Kumber of Merribers, 1847; Increase, 205; Decrease, 97; Average attendance, 773. Readings Bible Chapters, 98; Book of Mormon, 14; Doctrine and Covenants, 43; Other Church Works, 203; Home Readings, Chapters, 672; Home Readings, Verses, 1172; Miscellaneous, 391r Recitations. Bible Number of Verses, 320; Book of MormonNumber of Verses, 27; Doctrine and Covenants Number of Verses, 235; Other Church Works Number of Verses, 424; Miscellaneous, Books, 431; Testimonies borne, 55 Financial. Cash received, $217.48;; property, $10678; Totalr$32426; Devoted to Temple, coo?011.127-8Charitable Purposes, 65.12; Cash on Hand,T38.41; Property on Hand, 127.53; Total on Hand, 16594. ' Jane E. President XtLf' 5 - -- "7 . Tabernfe : - - - - " LAyiNiA TJTAH Molen, Parry, Secretary. STAKE. U0tes of the Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies of Utah Stake of Zion,' held in Provo City, June 1st, 1888. Present on the 1?8elors Joan- - and-Marga- ret A. Uuff,4Secretary, etc., Mary John presiding. Sister Zma D. H. Yonng present also, with s. lew of the brethren, Confercnco opened ffitb : r 