suvtd back into tho umdr hv Whuellouse, nearer the river. ather says, Joseph' V to God and iht Lamb, amen; snien. asd'&aenT te- words tad I$?thjaaand--tairatime,' the spirit of God descended upon the people, gladness filled ever? heart, and tear3 M joy coursed down many eheeia. 1 he word ana-jeae&r&i- ""wentTtcTJohF pack to wait Uon the Smith family ai the Biihop3 made a feait. About one hundred rjersonsprefeutr AH - j 10th. The teamts met at .;,. ; the stand at ten Vcloci ia the morning and I spoke, aTsolBrigham ZAir&.alm'fxihe bffiitK, --John h. Page and Urson rratt., Aujournea at iwo..n me aiier-- . noon, as the heat was so intense. A great many are sick.", 1.; 'I.;;1 ''Wz-After the meeting of fasting and prayer, father says, "I met with my brethren in the r -- evening and praved for rain." "And on the it began loth he wrotef'in-SniidaTncTnj- ng I to," rain very hard have had a beautiful ghower. This was in answer to" our prayers. The Lord be praised for His goodness." He wrote the day previous that hiswife, Sarah "Peekewas very sick at Brother Stephen Winsat- - upwithrher most of theT chester's, and-h- e night. -- The evening of the lGth, after witnessing the death of Brother William Gheen, who died at 7 o'clock in tne evening, father took Sarah and Sister Winchester to the river and baptized them for their health. He was paying them for the- - board of iis wife and" two daughters, whom he had. adopted. Brother and Sister Winchester and their family if they had -- been our nearest kin, could, not have - thought more of one another than wo had done from the time that we were neighbors in Kirt-lanOhio and in Missouri. "Brother William Gheen," father says, "was buried on the evening of the 17th, at 6 o'clock. Most of the Twelve were present.". Brother Gheen and family were among the Saints who came from Pennsylvania. He had given two of his daughters (Anna and Amanda) to my 1 father as w i ves, and did not consider it a dishonor to be thu3 connected withlitmbut quite the reverse." 4They have each borne him ; a numerous family. And though Anna has left us to j'oin him and thousands of loved ones beyond "this vale of tears," her name will ever live in the hearts of countless numbers - besides the many who are connected with her " by family ties. For five successive days father wrote in his i journal that his time was spent working on his house, visiting the sick, in council, and a variety of other duties. "Saturday, 26th," he says, "I visited many sick and attended coun cil. We nominated several officers for our August election. All goes well, and the Lord is on our side." Sunday he mentions going to meeting with his wife and daughter Heleiv fi -- 44Thum3ayJuy it was a relief to many to be able to give ex- nression to the feelings with .which theirhearti . and prayers of the faithful few that wo vin permitted to remain there long enough to finish harTcmphvtkafc ibey might T)e endowed with the blejiiingu which the Lord had promised them, and forjwhich they cheerfully gave their mite and labored faithfully to finish the h which the Lord had. commanded to be built, Wordi cannot ex press the irratitude that I for hfincr "ftHtltd wnrthv-tn-h-n rana. the one of whom the Lrd has made"! "pedu. liar people," which is the only Church ever es. tablishediipon the earth' f in ce the one we read of inthe Jays of Christ, who believe and ac?n k cent the whole of the: Gnanel as tantrhf - b " " 1U mo , 1. ancient Scriptures, instead of choosing- - that . 'pC ? aad war doubt not that t Terr the angels looked upon it and rejoiced." ; oo let it oe, saui rresiaem loung, the ceremonies, "this is the. seventh iiiia.v at the weft, or the .fewi.h hahnath. It i imDreive-cn- e -- - con-eludin- g, a i. . - i 1. - il. l - 3 3 : t mrn r- i - i i tir i finished the walls of the Temple, and may rest from our labors. A creat amount of sickness prevailed dur ing the summer months. The Apostles and their brethren jwere Jnthe -- habit-of meeting and sometimes oftener,- together every evening, at Brother Willard Kichards house, to unite their faith in the holy order of the Priesthood to-d- ay . -- . They also had to labor with their hands. My father worked at his house all the-tithat he' could possibly get. July 7th he wrote, "Twelve men came to work on my house, six of them were masons.- Much work was done. to W. Richard's to read history I went , vr.: it.-ill. m vvwmuy. anai ueorgo xoung A me . - niiu-jsngna- kjuiim, t i "nTn1!nVv7rjl,nrt Aiuuau uiuuti ouocJU TJ.UIUUIO x d, (now of this city), came there and gave up all he had, which was $2,600. 'Tuesday, 8th. Fourteen men came to work on my house. Went with Brio-ha' iQungand WHlara iticnards to the Temple. Had council with the trustees. Gave'the $ 2,600 to the Bishop. Visited some sick in the evening." A My mother's babe was very sick at this time vuicu lact lamer meniions in nis journal as"uuivvy via nuAivfcj auu curruw 10 Wll 6 uesshis suiienng. iwo successive days "some oi nis Dremren came in to join nim in prayer for him in the holy .order. "Sister Jane Youner's wife") and Sister (Uncle Joseph - ,. ....... w. AVlWf. 4 if IV y (j ney were present and spent much time with m to minister to our babe." "On the morning of the 9th of July," ho says, J. was sentlor by Brother Willard Rich-.- : ards to administer to his wife who appeared to be dvin?. About ten oVlnrV T w.nf i Brother George A. Smith and his father - w kch i : niLci me nmy oruer half an hour. She (as AA ana nraved tnr -- well known) was one ' - ..vw..wo v"i"vci, uuvcri3in ngiand .a. win nere miiiion one or two incidents "-- j . ana sne died m about 13 ..though this and much more has been published in iii3 history, concerning her. Sh w0 the daughter of a Mr. Richards, a' Presby- tenan minister; and when father first met her she was visiting a familv hi a 'wvuu mm whom he was acquainted.j As soon as they were introduced she entered into a conversation with him on th ctiMnnf P u n.. 1 Prt . , tv He found her a very anxious to hear and of the true Gospel. preach 'that evening -- bap-ff"L- He ; "Brothers-George-Mille2and"A- m spoke a few words upon the Nauvoo JELouse then Brigham Young spoke." Most of his time on the following Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday was spent visiting the sick; and he speaks of a funeral that he attended with Brig-haYoung, and speaks of them reading history and going on the Temple. The house of the Lord was well on towards its completion, And they could truly say . that this was one of the results of faith with works. These things may look strangely to those who are unacquainted with the principles of our faith and the great work which we have been engaged in for over fifty years, and especially that our people should continue working at the" Nauvoo House and Temple, and at the same time preparing to leave them to the mercy of a set of sacrilegious mobocrats to demolish. I think that this should be a convincing proof (at least) of the sincerity and honesty of their motives. Nothing could daunt their spirits; but if they had not enjoyed something superior to any man-mad- e religion they coulu neyer have been supported under all those sorrowful and , trying scenes. It was through tho united faith m . . ' intelligent lady and very understand the doctrines She went to hear him and the followingand ' then she was fully convinced of the truth' and sent for him and expressed her desire to be baptized, which request he cheerfully complied with, and confirmed her at the water's edffe-A- nd as an illustration of his prophetic character the first time he met Brother Willard Richards hexclaimedrViUard, I have writes in his jourT" nalthat Sister Jeannette Richards was buried at six in the afternoon of the 11th. 'On the evening of the 9th," he says "the Bishops made a feast at the mansion." VVU -- : . -- lftpna nnrJ notmna 'Phri nna TtTA An. UJ blind indeed. If Christ is truly our pattern, and He had to submit to bear all manner of crosses and sink bejow all things, that He might rise above all to become joint heirs with thingi, Him unless we have a similar, experience in this life? This people have proven their lingness to submit to be persecuted and hated of all men for righteousness' sake; and where is there another people who have manifested such true Christian patience, and faith enough to Jrust in an unseen hand under all circumstances-and still believe in and rely upon those how-are-- . we ' promises, made by our Savior, who also commanded that we should become one in all - : j iTT- '' - . mine." And because we are striving to obey this command and every other- - Christian and God-likprinciple, that we may be saved and have part- - with Him in that Celestial glory : prepared for the faithful and pure in heart of all nations, and that they may hear the same glad tidings of great joy and be gathered with us into ' the fold of Christ, making sacrifice of our idols and .rejoicingeven in the midst of our sorrowa, when We. part with our beloved Hbrethren, husbands, fathers and sons, who are going forth in the service of our Master to save the souls of men, that they may- - also be partakers of this joy which is unspeakable and that power which has ever brought comfort and cheer to the humble heart and is free to all who will seek for it; and because we , have sought to become of one heart and one mind, w have ever been looked upon with a : : jealous eye, and hated by the world, who refuse to hear and understand the truth, but will mis judge us and all our motives. Union is power; and this is the great' bug-beaand because they cannot Dreat up ana aestroy it, tney con3iaer us a dangerous rival, and in their madness cry polygamy as the only plausible excuse for break mg up and destroying this power. . Ihey do not understand the character and the unwaveringjntegrity of an honest Latter- day Samt; but we can well afford to be charitable, for we know what is in store for them and many of us have drank deep enough of the bitter cup of adversity to know how to feel for our fellow creatures, and I fervently pray for those who are, deceived "in consequence 01 " the great prejudice which is in the world, because of the awful lies which have been manufactured and set afloat, for eflect, by the wicked in our midst; and our foes are more to be pitied than we are. They certainly have met with poor success so far, and feel rather chagrined at the present time. Ajid Longfellow says, "If we could read the secret history of our enemies we should find in each man's -- life sorrow and Buffering enough to disarm all hostility." T Supposing they should oblige us to leave here, it would be- doing for themselves a more e life-givi- ng r, - -- - : -- . United States, and if they; were wise they would leave us alone; for it has. long since been proven that we are like a mustard stalkr which, if disturbed, will onlv multiply the ' To be Coniinucd. more. - -- . 