f rom Minerva W. Bno w and ahers. A xmlla K. Biiow, Preideiit of this Southern Mission little W-geve- tf year? old, who- had joit uivft nun me iu&uiiwt, ana not aoie vo te up; but ! was flying for my life: I knew I mart fo efore tllft mill rtriRArl fnr tka nlKf .r.".U the help of my eon GeorijCthn Vearg kn uu uic uuucs ana privileges of Latter-d- ay Saintt,. combining fatherly counsel with gentle reproof, that Sded by the gooi 'Spirit' and be ad-- puc ; ajfet admoai3f- rt K a fret . I r ,.,.v,7 i' ,1 . Dlwkk, Jul I'femiinad at what was then known Cutler's Park. , . - W Brother-HuntiDgtorirpresi- ded -- five-hundr- - hind, day ed 1 1 1 on for want of proper food, and from hardships incidental to the journey." the-flrst-cam- , - with" - -- . as Cao-- . - 1 . . hou?efar dear-paren- , : went- - to keep "Joseph However, we passed the win ter in the place known a3 Winter Quarters, now designated Florence, on the famous Missouri Riven Before leaving Cutler's Park I was very ill; it was; feared that ; I would die. At the same, time my father was at Pisgah, also my sister Zina, my brother Dimick 'in Mexico, , my.brother William in St. Louis, my brother Oliver on a mission in Europe, and anoh came nic uuiugs mat my veteran iatner naa died at risgan, my inena, my counselor, my own to whom I looked for counsel and advice for the future that stretched out before me like a great unknown and undiscovered desert unrelieved and barren. My grief was deep and heartfelt; I had only my Heavenly Father left, and.Ir reached one" above to open the heavens for me. and aid me ' inray Joneliness. I was in a new and wild and this was indeed a country without means, T il T i..n. knnn.. vide, and He always has. Joseph Woodmansee and his brother Henry were building a log cabin, and they wanted me to keen house for them, and superintend their home; but I, was no sooner established ihere, than their father wrote for them to come back home to winter, and I was left in charge of their goods and "home. After they left I started a school, which wa3 a great blessing to the children." It was verrhard times for alllhe Saints, sickness was Woodmansee. . -- I tainJames Brown, in connection - . h; a :lrvl:I- - anditrcnjr,:rwnh lamijy, .was among the n'oaber. 'vtif?. ipFachy wintered', in Pueblo, where she hriL'T under tK; mosttrying ah"rjm"- daughter.h-3r- t vanced in the general interest of the KingOli verr4he -- youngest, with me. We' traveled ; dom. all. night on the old road - to Xauvoo, an d ; At two p.m. a general; meeting was ad-- . reached Dr. Spurgeon's at d ay break. There: 7 dressed br President E. Snow, touching on -- I took some -refreshment, and then knowing I various subjects, speaking quite lengthy on the should be pursued, and that the mob would-b- e evils of drinlr censuring severely those who on my track, I went away to the woods with ' sold wine and intoxicating liquors, but left his .v my little boy, and -- stayed all day long," fas ting blessing, with the congregation.' After meetand 'praying for deliverance. I picked flowers 1 ing, drove to Graftoand held joint meeting of to amuse himfor it- - was Spring-tirne- , and,I the Societies and stopped for the night.. 5th. &ave him water from a stream running down Drove to Rockville; met with the Primaries at the bluffs into .the Mississippi. The Doctor's eleven, and the Relief Society at two p.m. A house was full of company all day long; but general meeting in the evening was addressed when they had gone, at evening his daughter ' by President Snow and others, 6th. Parted came out to the woods and I went back with with President Snow and lady, who went onto her for the night, sleeping with my sick boy Kanab,-th- e others "returning came to Duncan on.a-littl- e feather bed on the floor. I realand held two short meetings; an excellent ized, the great contrast" in my situation, no feeling prevailed; then to Toquerville and home, no bed to rest in, nothing to live 7th. Came to hejd evening meeting. Leeds, upon but my trust in God and my friends. and held mooting at eleven; thence ; home." The next day I got in a wagon and hid myWe had a pleasant time and enjoyed ourselves self; when, we Arrived at .Nashville, the place in meeting and associating with the people, to cross the river, the teams being taken", to ' and found a peaceable, happyspirit prevailing;, the Iowa side, I saw a man I knew was and felt to say, truly these "are a people of looking for me; I. kept out of his sight until . Latter-daythe name God, every way worthy of he had past, and then retired again to the ' Saints. F. Cr Brown, woods for, safety. However, I got some tiR. S. from home Secretary dings through a messenger, and learned that the mob had been sent, as I' anticipated, and were searching.Nauvoo for me, and A VENERABLE WOMAN. . to take my child away from me. My brother Dimick. Huntington had not yet left NauvooT but he sent his sons to take charge of me, and rRESENDIA.LATITROP KIMBALU see me safely out of Illinois, arid I went on to Sugar Creek. Thiswas Continued. pIaceof the Saints who left Nauvoo. I stayed - Sister Presendia, in connection with her huslnVdeep'ravine, secluded from everybody, unreceived all the ordinances and blessings til I could have a few things broucrht to me. band, in the Temple, that those are entitled to who which I had previously left with my father. I enter into holy covenants in the order of celesat night, on the ground, slept on a buffalo robe " Nauvoo remained in tial marriage. She with my little child. No tongue can tell what until the work in the Temple was finished, and as my feelings were during those days of severe she was well fitted out with a good substantial trial. But I had considered well, and weighed the matter beforehand, and I felt I would carriage and span of horses, and; had her two when to she was with advised rather go with - the4 Saints and suffer and die remain, her, boys she could be in readiness to leave with the with them, than live in Babylon, as I had lived wilder-, when! before. When it was eafe to travel we started Saints they started west "into the out on the route the Saints had taken. We ness." . She too her children and team, and crossed .the Mississippi river into Iowa, and , arrived at Bonaparte, Brother Moses Clawson helped me to make some purchases, as I had stayed with a family oj the name of Jordan. who friends little money with me, and ha carried my were a some ofher However, opposed flour for me. The excitement I had gone to her going west, and also opposed to the Gosinto followed her through, and the exposuro to cold, lying upon pel, heard of her intention, the ground and not having proper food or rest the retreat where she was waiting, and succeeded by stratagem in effecting her return to Lima. gave me cold fever set in and I was very -saw ill." On her way she passed through Nauvoo, ... "Brother Joseph Coolidge came along and he President Brigham Young and had some conversation with him about her circumstances, gave me some medicine, which benefited me to be rsue. .best and what, course would pu very much. This was when we were near Garden Grove. Wo arrived safely at Mt. Her brother William and hi3 wife wen t wi th her to Lima, and remained a week, and then Pisgah; there I found my father, and my sister and her children. They were living in a . Zina bitter she was left alone among a people against the Saints, and filled with the spirit of perseculog house without any chimney and not any floor. It was a sickly location,nearly every family tion. Time passed and the Saints had nearly as had some sick, and many died there on Grand if Presendia'felt all left for the west, Sister River. It wa3 thought best for me to remain . she was at the mercy of the mob, and indeed there awhile with my father. Very soon after plans were laid to destroy her. One night a arriving there,- men were ' sent by the governsubterfuge was invented to decoy her out of ment of the United States, to get volunteers to doors in the dark; she felt a great fear come march to Mexico from among the Mormons, over her, and resisted, but the tenant at the to fight for a government that had suffered U3 mill close by, hearing the disturbance, came to be driven out at the point of. the bayonet. ' out and set his .dogs on the mob, and they went Men and teams were called for "to take these - back through the orchard to the woods. Sister volunteers to Col Saroee's tradins post on Proven dia says, "then I fully realized the dan- . ttftf.- st Mormon the Missouri River. Charles C. Rich and my Wi cnr.nii1orl - - near me:J W UUUUVU m V, -at Mt. father, I prayed for help and my prayer was answered; Pisgah. --They considered mycase, and.decided my brother William sent a messenger, telling to send me in Father Bird's team to the bluffs me to leave all my worldly possessions and on the Missouri River, and then I saw the come; my house- was full of good things for my men enrolled as volunteers and take comfort, but I walked out of it, leaving all beof May 1846, with my on the 2nd up the line of march to Mexico. My brothe brave-heart- h were-brough- t To be Continued. THOUGHTS. J Y HANNAH T. KING. My thoughts are legion at the present moment; would it be possible to concentrate them in to a certain forciL let mo . try; the first thought that pioneered the, residue, was a convictionof --what a blessing a peaceful, contented mind is to the possessor, and also to all whom it may come in contact, or be associated vith; and who has no undue craving for that which is not within its reach; one who can the grandeur that wealth bestows, yet : feel no envy, but can-ev- en rejoice in thTpros-perit- y of another; that can see others lauded, and even preferred ' before themselves, yet feel no have no regrets; one who can daily retire into their own home although it may bo humble, but they ever find it "swept and garnished," with pure thoughts and sweet influences, and the spirit of peace prevading it, and they rejoice therein. Some cannot realize that true happiness is more often found in the "sequestered vale," than in the halls of pleas- ure; if happiness dwells in our own bosom we carry it with U3 wherever we may be; we dp not look outward or around for it but feel that is an individual possession; then, life in all its phases is enjoyable. It is a general impression that riches bring happiness and enjoyment; they may or they may not; tho way in which they are used decides the question; they certainly give the possessor a, grand "opportunity of blessing themselves, by blessing thoso from whom wealth had been withheld; and 'tis more blessed to give than to receive; there is a nobility in giving, and most certainly a nobility in receiving a gift. Strange as it may seem;lthere are tnose mat it is impo33iDie to picas; Jjjt id bottcmptedrhey wouIoTlhrow bacF . be-Mo'- heart-burnin- ld g, . ' t, 