uitl. .- -- lrannan -- afeajdy ; had ?chargo"V(i'f""tie uiumiu 111 tp,( tJlllJ.tllJ V't IH1U1 1A.( s:ul 'tlie' half ) wboq Lory ship lugoklyii, "idea nf Tbo our "intboenli'ld." ranee .- ter cHh rBwsJf H cliirsD Ife of: Mo: niav"; eicep: the tqLi, tea cf Kelsnna, say?, witiv U xxlSVt cnas'.?n His jcof .favjy afiibr' .t ..Hp v'l y'sjlJljL av 'vj:Trv;i:i-szitS .V' Tt-4x?- f wi th'tVrrofi"au4 villi faiuL:' , and. C-iemeinter cf pestilences, tiny ' will ' sll-UiUU-- ni ..; "l-.- ; ' think. of these words anJ imagine Let cur--- ; fett'aTlf e may, study the laws cf life end ealvatkn and try to carry them out, AV is dhi ti Viyfotl i e r wrxtLf r it is J u 37AYci .good j rincip'! thuiue ,jr.r1yli fuun i with oil in or 'ami s' Vtheu the Bridegf ccm co'metb, is -- case fe?f d-- m i " MAi:r .FrJronRiS jN. C Jcn'ni.h.Iik, Yjii'g ; L Yc Nu7. r Kti aid cf 15S3. in I ebruary -- oLatter-da- ..: nuniDiv asicyoui J "and protect us in. our constitution il rights, while wo are passinjtloigh JkgMtgAY cxiis-'s- , was quite a novel .ex- - " '. was-impossib- ns ' I loward Egan captaiiisjjjMhem. iseiore starting irom sugar Ureek the fol- rowing memorial was- addressed "lo his excel- lency GpvenjjfjduiT Honored Sir: The time is at hand in which severaljhou- - uuUreiLciiize liCiiriveiu from their peaceful homes and fire- , .. ' sides, their property and farms, .and their dearest contitutionalrights, to wander in the bareen plains andsterile mountains. of western ex- wilds, and linger out their lives in wretched . lie, iar4eyonii tiitrpaie of prolessed civilization; or else be exterminated; upon their owri lands by the people and authorities of the State of ' 1 - r- banUhment rather than death, but, sir, the terms of our banishment are-- : so rigid that we . t. f!l i II .. nme not iiuve auottea us to make the suiucieni necessary preparations to encounter the hardships and difficulties of these dreary uninhabited regions. We have not time allowed us to dispose of our property, dwellings and farms, consequently many of us will have to leave them unsold, without the mean? of nrocurinor the necessary provisions, clothing, teams, etc.! i XI 111 XIISI Mill. 1W uOuhmtt cuuiu ilutmin.-utJiaiHC yciuuu tile settlements; henceour persecutors have placed us in very unpleasant circumstances. V To stay is death by fire and sword; to go in- , 1 1 . ; '" i. ! Brighamlsfamilyioward3 .evenrag;,;r-ir- r. There was a great amount of sympathy Brass Band Vni it p anything that had been heard in 'that part and thev were cordially invited to play at everv settlementand requested to give a number of concerts this they did after consulting the Presidency, and fur which tW wr.ro us we ee..tharGod did lulhll the predictions made that day by my father - by " ocr r,T-.- and-truly-Hi- s d c.r,. y,lcl11 angels went- before us, and He was the breaker up of our way." It will be remembered- - by those himiliar with aur history that a letter was received aoout this time from Samuel Branhancon-tiiniu- g a copy of rather a strange agreement between him - and a Mr. A. G. Benson, which he desired the authorities to shm wasread at a council heldJ3y;a of the Aposties in a valley half a mile east of the camp. Sam. Brannan waschemin. for T'liit nber nought butrldlvprQf rrahohad been exiled toh'b him and a host of political denWue tcl sist them in tlieir plans to settle mtCo h the after J " WCSI required the pioneers A: f ami Co.tl odd ho. y itiiiiili.-.- . .f in the "country .'where- - they may settle. In refused case they to sign the agreement the was' it saitl, would issue a .pruelania-President, HUll, Ottllli IV HI lUUb. iU JItU LU J 111 r'litl'JJl 1)1 ' the lo'rmons tJ take, sides with either Mexico or Great Brtain against the United States, and order them to be dispersed." This was one of tiio plans"' instituted by Lucifer, who wanted to reconcile God and. Baal, but we had wiser'heads,- who iincJers'tQO.oJ their 'duty better. .President Young and his brethren were laid out by. Jo.eplf Smith; aud they saw the wifdomof settling in a countrv where they could be out of the reach of ruthless and ex- ' , ' tiei in niatmg moos, u n ti l .ion ..liad increased and put on her strength. The A nosf les did no -- " 1 1 , I W't 4er tdlrdTri mies, asauvised iionson, to avoid beit God that they in ing arrested; but was and to Him alone the pilgrims lookeel for that protection which had been withheld from them bv their own ennntrvmpn. A nd if. Vsn iliiii. w.i.) led and i)iacL-- them here upon the liuunm uu.ck'ujuu , oi tne couuneur,. .aim -- Jiaxa t . oy-ir- tsviuakes. i tr a tendetl-ihe-La- t LtolLUncle Sam." IjjT that first ..exodus there was such a great desire among the people and such a determina-.tion.t- j?onstjmtjeye-sor- . " e o emigrate with the first company-thathere were hundreds started .without the necessary outfit. They could neither procure suf-w u icn re wrucu ' ncicui, icuujs u v i i tj. vjumou our DroiTess. and was. flic. eau?e of a frrpnter anion n t of suffering 'than there Would otherwise have been. And my father,' in speaking v of it, said, 'under .the circumstances it would 'take years to reach the mountains. Our. difficulties commenced the first dav that.we started from Suirar Creek: and mv trials a3 wel 1. lyf ktfreThiidl)hTa7geTalnlly carriage in which mother and the children and: most of the Nvomen folks were obliged , to , ride or, else ,. i t were n. ii7 so' i ip.ivi i v i oaaeu: vartrms nis wafons ; ' I did not consider that my marrying j,had lessened my claims, nor given any one else the riL'ht to mv ohm1. lv thp jswIp nf mv- mnther. and it was -- something of a surprise ami a trial to my veak faith to find that my fathers familyTiad become solarged,hathe had not conveyances for them.. One of his .wives Golden) who came from Tibia and wns livinrr f.imllvJ nf Rro. ih 1 IUV ILIUI wcucuiuu varum at ougar ureeic, was uuKnun" lo me uniu i met nertnere. Jbiie was a verjf and that morning father sent her to his carriage, but finding it crowded full she turned without a word and went and rode that day with Sister : Grant. After be coming acquainted we made our confessions, ' and manvJ n fimp wrv hmmv rnPrnA fn. that daV- -4 VV l and laughed heartily over it, as well as other thiiws tliat-oiic- ft vpypiI nnd trifrd u?. At every bnd idace'lhe "teams hnd tii.ha doubled, ana the first day we were detained, it seemed. to me ..... . ;.. i i .. .nours, while they, crossed over a deep raviuo and drew the loaded wagons' up a steep hill on the other side. The rest had all got out of the carriage, and while I sat holding the reins the t ; j - mani- fested by the people as we MairjrTrsi tcij7)urcalhps7 a nd . wh ere ver the companies stopped our men were able to una employment. 1 he splendid inuda made the-Nauv- UK. . l, 1 .... 1 J'--4 - 11' thc-Sai- nts : .1 . -- WH-- le IM V " ; r...'i. r. : " L s V'.iO i UU.'.VJLl -- And Your pe titioners will ever pray." .'7TIn the diary of President l oung was. written as follows: ''Our homes, gardens, orchards, 'farms, streets, bridges mills, public halls, inag-- " n igcien t Temple and o t her publ i elm p rove men t s, we leave as a monument ot our patnotisnjin- -- ... IU j.H Bt-nsuJ-i sufferingstarvation and death.-- 1 i ,vmH;ins!br to A. Cr. tlipri liniiv" nnd ft jihrnws -' ofthe ne pcrience, and niight be called was Creek when with what at Sugar compared before more tile us; especially youthful laying no t responsibil-ifeeling they particular portion ics rating upon them, nor any great hard-.ship- s as yet. The band played even' evening, and Uan3 C Hanson, an j abpted integrity ot heart, and a3 a living testimony 01 aTcntCvafyery' iond of. playing his violin. the falsehoods mid wickedness of those who My husband would often join him with his flute, .charge us with disloyalty to the constitution of and there being quite a number of young people our country, idleness and dishonesty.. . in my father's family wecould form a cotillion On first the March of the day1 four majority of of French by the big log fire, and often we left their the.companies. did so at evening, and danced to amuse ourencampment. The following is copied from Sister Jane B. Taylor's selves as well as to keep our blood in proper journal: circulation, I there took my first lesson in j.i ti. ii uauiKuu mot mng,"iuarciri;i:7a meeting was nman i mini.. uuuisii ilia urm.m'r for the purpose of giving general iIrstrilc., called Cl to keerrwarm that it without a the brethren regarding their journey. to tions; exercise. Many declared ' that they had never Bro. Kimball exhorted to be diligent suffered so much from the cold as they did' at in prayer to Almighty God all tiie day long. He Surrnr T!rpplr nnil v?p. worn Infrmorl W.if ninn called especially upon heads of families o atchildren were born the first' night the Saints tend daily to fcmily .worship, and. to give heed camped there. Feb.. 5th, 184G. The inspiring to counsel, auring them that if they did so music by William Pitts' brass band, which was God would bless them, and an ends f Ond . organized into companies of tens to travel towould go before .them, and would be the breakgether, often gladdened the hearts of the Saints, ers up of. our way. He left the camp with and helped greatly to keep their spirits from i t 4V..v:i., i lauiii cuuj tlii) niLcr. They appointed Wm. Gaboon and meeiing was (lismisseu 5 ""waiNlhivrreenient - Ex4;Vr;:as-- . . i 1 exiles be under the necessity" of stopping in this Territory for a time, or unsettled parts, in- the pur-- , ; either in pose of raising crops, by renting farms, or up; oh public lands, or to make the necessary for their exile in auy lawful way, we humbly petition your Excellency to use an in- fluenCe aud power in our behalf, and thus preserve thousands of American citizens, together. - with their: wives ' and children, from intense should any , lUUi lii' HI y - ' xicli ;t fviirrcv. : ...:..u,..i n ri"i n tt n r it "unless the leaders of the CJmreh sigued an agreement vvun uiemip. wnieu. ,ine i resident'iic airtnYiiT trVi!ent party, the government. would not. permit the the Church ,u- de-liv- ter Iveiuhill and lJensoiihis agent, and others i.ii Saints as a come rr.ittee in behal f bf several thousand suilVrin:: of Jesus Christ . t'.'iiiii.Uu'tHipi : .... :r' r" W'e,' the presiding authorities of pre-paratio- IJY II ELEN MAli - WHITNEY. e "Tjiani;c6ndjtii ; - OUR TRAVELS BEYOND THE : " Mississippi. .; Camp-lif- - ti ..0.1 tfriu..C. If t Par ;y .. ! V have girted cuni:mcT?; scYenU hundreds of r.iv.v cri- are and upon our dreary journey, "HTc n;j;raih'h .ci.i"ptd in" lX,(AVat'yT"To'uu. U, some of us are. frorulhe. intensity. of th and ..others have barelv alreadv without-food- , sufHei:Jnt to last a few weeks; hundreds of others must short! v follow us in the same un: J liitr. Bui)0t, under these ti ui. e;- - heart-rendin- wniclt- - S. could compel them to sub- - i i , . -- - ' 1 iroud-spiritedma- ; u-if- li 1 1 - 1 I 1 n, . w -- - v v V-- V , w 