that the abilify to hold land means the ability to fcear firm?;' In short, that fmight alone makes right." THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT .. ilHCLISE B. WELLS, 1 in Salt Lake City, Utah Published Terms: One copy one year, S3. 00; one copy Ls rooctbs $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each equare, ten lines 01 nonpareu Bpw, discount time, $2.50:. per jaonth, $300.. " A liberal ' " :r" .regular advertisers. Council Office, Lower West Boom of the House, South Temple Street. Business hours from in n'm. to 5n. m. cTanr dar except Sunday. jseml-monthl- y, Enent to ' IlTAadressI - - JUNE 15, 1883. - RELIEF SOCIETIES OFWEIJEIt STAKE We had the pleasure of attending the conference in the Ogden Tabernacle, on Friday, Juno 8tbj 1853. There was a large congregation present. Mrs. Jane 8. Richard, President of the" Bosiety in Weber County, presiding. Mrs. Hat- tie C. Brown, Mra. Sirah Herrick, Counselors, prea&nt. Mrs. Monta Harris, Secretary, Mrj. T ' k a rvI iiT'm .n m w rv n n m wn a ni n wk r u w n n k rm a ni r i. .uaiJjy ju, ouurujii, iotb. v;rucniow, Jius. muojuiu xnup, into, iuurjr xiru, jura, iuniwn Eiogbam, Mrs. M. A. Wallace, and otherofflcera of the Societies. Among the jrentlaoceia Trr "East and West..--- - of Weber Hon. P.D. Richards, Probate-Jndgof Hon. W. the L. SaurUiff, County, Cjunty e . Washington, D.C., Joseph i Esq.. senior member of the mercan- tile house of Child end Bon, 3!ahop Sanford TUncliftTVi. TllnKnn "Ttihorf Hal "Rlohnn "P Qfford, Superintendent W. R. R. Stowell. There were also present H. J. Newman, Simon Barker,-JoseRobinson, William Barker, Samuel Glas- G. Child, Jounrcianmng, Euw, " V1IIHIKI After the usual . anu orner leailng iq., : .. - f s!nc!n " short speeches were made by Mrs. Jane 8. Richards, Apostle F. D. Richards and Mayor Peeiy; the lis t gentleman nllading to his visit to Washington as a member of the Constitution-- , al Ccnyenticn, and hla acquaintance "with Mrs Lock wood, the eminent woman lawyer. Mrs. Emily B. Richards then addressed th assembly for a few minutes, and spoke eloquently r oi me eminent l&ay lawyer, Mrs. Lock wood, and gratefully of her labors In the suflrage work, and in behalf of tha women of Utah, after wb Joh sjie read the addrc of Mrs. Lock wood. V r THE eYftrntfifiB DISFR ANCHIj?EMENT -- OF WOMEN OF UTAH. y pot-hou- se THE BY BELVA A. LOCKWOOD. lu?ad Ufore the. National Woman Suffrage Association ' ' at Washington, D. C, January 24, 1S83. Mk3. President, officers and 'members of "'5???A3.i)MANUFFJ0E-ASS- l ciatjOn: We are banded together in the promulgation of one of the moat momentous moral and that binds them equally? Dees the ballot cal reforms that has ever agitated our country and one which must, In the nature of things' revolutlon!za tbe social jmd.poUtIcai-iififi- 5 . f 1A VI 'M III AV -- I h In llMf-K- w . . - - vuiou. is Will OVPrtnn 01 J Common Law, that tte man and the woman are one,-an- d that one the mm; and unfit the man for this duty? The Constitution of the United State, the embodiment or the wisdom of. the Fathers of the Revolution, confers upon woman the right of the ballot, as follows: "AU pertens bom or naturalized la the United States, RUd8abjeettoth$JarisdictIoattfi ' politi- I the individuality . of woman; equal rights and privileges; and equarresponsIbHitle?; the right to say who shall rule over us, and how we shall be taxed; the light to put down the whisky traffic with the ballot; the right to ta voice In the controi;cf oar publlo schools. Not the abill ty to bear arms, for war Is a relic of the barbarism of the past, and y the "pen is mightier than the sword." Reason, reflection, argument, are subduing the passions of men, and the god-lik- e and the immortal in man fs con trolling the brutal and the mortal. It is argued ; that if women are permitted to vote, that colored women, Ignorant women, and women In brothels will vote. Yes; but to day colored men, Ignorant men,"foreIgn and men, men who hang around whisky saloons and brothels (and they largely outnumber the women) vote. The tramp nuisance is confined to men. The croaker, goes farther, and that it will unsettle our domestic relations, says disrupt and dismember families; that women will neglect their homes and their children. Perhaps they oald, if women were disocsed to fnl. low the cxaaiple of the politician, the we uauKer-c- u corner and beer siloon. grocery aj Bat nearly the same arguments have been raised at every step of advancement that has oeen maae jn inis or any other country. 'When a woman forgets her maternity, and natural love and affection die, then, and not till then will she forget and neglect her children and her home. But is the moral duty of a mother to her home greater than that of a father? Is there not a common compjet cf nature and of law to-da- ph -- : setts, reiterated that conviction. Ba t falling to secure legislative indorsement of the right of franchise of the women of the country; we ak a sixteenth a mend me n t to the Constitution of the United States to settle this vexed question at once, and forever, and thus do Justice to the wives and mothers and sisters land daughters of this great American Republic; of; which we have boasted as the freest and grandest country including M&ssa jlmsetts and New York,'; have granted school suffrage to" women. Nebraska, in her last election, polled 8,000 "male votes for Y t woman suurage. ir iae . women lueuiuejvea naa oeen permuwa to. vote, mere wouiu nave been 50,000 votes cast, andc the election would have been won. School suflrage for women means a proper education of the children a coming up out of the old order of things; out of the idea which is an emanation of the heathen- and JrnlianJjdwn-to-s of superstitions the ?a3t, Into the broad light of a Christian clvIll2ation, which means to women Intelligent thought, freedom, responsibility, re ward for labor, the emoluments, of office, and It means an. Incentive to study and work; a light in the horksn of the dawning cf anew aay. i 7 :'t For more than a decade, Wyoming and Utah, with characteristic Justice and - these articles of the Constitution before them, decided through their respective Legislatures,- - to give a ballot to their women.' For" twelve successive years these women have voted, and homes have not been destroyed, nor children orphaned, but, on the contrary, harmony and; morality have been the prevailing results of giving to the women themselves this method of self.protection. These are precedents-factua- l, tangible demonstrations of the principles enunciated by the National Woman Suffrage Association. Bat the enemies of reform, ever on the alert' for cause, willing to descend to trickery and chican ery to compass an end, no matter at whose cost, and seizing hold of the most trivial pretext to carry a point, make the religious belief of the Mormons, which culminate! In the Edmundi bill March 22nd, 1882, a pretext for disfranchising polygamfsts, male and female, and disqualifying them from holding office. The law was signed and promulgated, and the commissioners duly appointed and set to work to ferret out every unfortunate man and woman who had ever espoused that principle of the Mormm faith, and to place upon eaoh the bah of disfranchisement and disqualification for With singular fidelity and zeal, thesa commissioners did more than confine them-selve- s to the strict letter of the law; which was In Kf91: - evere.:L They- - made the" law retroactive, contrary to the spirit and the letter of the ConstituUon. ; undertook to enforce their Idea of They the Intent : of tha law, and what they believed tha 1AW osgbt to be, and to depose men frca offica rW m A 1 frora-therydafkn- rs. President,.. what our refornrniHeaiiOs Iton. F. 8. Ricarda, jnemter of the Constitutional Dalegation .. 1 " ofthe Hw. Gen. B- ir, Batler, bald - and inTrepld, advocated It then. True to himself, he has recentlyviii his masterly led-ttHTatrTleller the argument that argument of human rights and human privileges down to the one point of sex. A woman in every State in this Union may hold land In her own right. She may pay taxes, real and personal, invest in bank or railroad stock, Is to the law which in every section reads his or him, and msy commit and be hong for treason against the governmenk-AVithe- nt any opinion .as. to her innocence or guilt (for I have none), I am glad that one woman suffered this martyrdom; that one woman demonstrated .that she had power to conspire foi thieovertbrow of the Government. And yet every drop of blood that courses through my veins is loyal to my country and her best interest, not to a section, a faction, a party, or a creed, bnt to the best good of ihla xehola people Xortlt and Soutlk - - m nn ifonv In ftnv rrftOli Wltmn IIS un ii nnni u in wci o uuicnai uvu i hum the-who- le : QUARTERLY CONFERENCE. ) so write j Jurisdiction the equal protectionofjhjejaws war ehyear8agothe attention. of Congress wn-; as called to this clause of the1 Constitution ar- ferring this right of suffrage, and able legal bayonet, dipp8d jnhe hes blood of 4hev,cflmitryJ yearst0 w - s for three Citizens of the United States and of the State shall State in which they reside. LJ ;make cr enforce any law whlchehair aVrldge the piivilcgei or Immunities of citizens of Iho United States; nor shall any State deprive any Af- iifo. Hhriv. or nronertv without due ww To-da- . SALT LAKE CITY us, y the people could understand and believe It. there is no t, in land, man or woman bold enough to advocate a return to the eld order of things either as a matter of expediency or necetsity. We have now narrowed the Publisher Wojox's Expoxkct, Salt Lake City Utah. -rt a wpl sfcarJy a .teniury to. shake oil the incubus of human-- c:7Wy, and Jo publicly declare that color should not Interere with the rights of citkensbip. r The Deelaration. U the Fathers that Vail men are bcrn free and equal" had been warped to mean thatcolqrJtcok-r- ; awayllhe indices or manuoou, ana inai i.egrue and Indiana were not men; an iT for a ieiln of deca-iethese peopleirere oppressed, deprf ssed, insulted and outraged. It took the rint of the It took Edit. of, are M eas self-suppo- rt. of-,fic-e.- . 