W O M AN '8 E X .jjjl jlljl rr LIFE. I I I he war. hungrily devouring, in the Cincinnati; Enquirer. "Do you think it at such it" iJiimfo somewhat waUhed ft bud, as inorriiu i'Lt Burst o'er the earth; saw It, as its leaves bo bright nccclred tbclr birth' paw -' it, when the noWday him : ray sv-- s FOOT-PRINT- 18Sii. die; did Here's the school girl irad maiden with bright dreams -- untold, Ilere'a the fallen whose virtue's been bartered and sold; The strong and tho feeble, the and pure, All mark the same thoroughfare, who will endnre ' And keep safe.thcii birthright life, endless life, While making their journey 'mid trials and strife! Again oh our Fatherlet Thy love descend, And guide us In safety e'en unto tho end. ' sin-staine- d '. BUCKEYES. . AVhicii of the two shall Vote. "Emigrants are coming to this countrv at the rate of 5,000 to 6,000 per week. Did' yon read that, Harry?" asked Mrs. Dyle as she turned over the paper to find the Society Newg column. "Let 'em come," said her hnsband without taking his eyes off Clara Belle's article, which . I T 5 i i o ? foreigners coming to this eonntrv; wellK why r ' are you. put out about it?" Ilia wife made no answer; her so he turned again to hi?. After a reading, few moment she asked: " What length of tiine must these liOOO,-ou- t of the ,Ono who came last - week, remain before they are privileged to vote have a voice in law making for the country? No doubt one fifth, at leat, of the V number are males." Mre. Dyle stood with flushed cheeks and her black eyes flashing as she aked this question. "2j.Lll "Five years,' ' her husband answered, "they must live here five and then become naturalized citizens. jears They can know all about the country in that length of time if thev read uie aauy papers. "Yes, certainly; if they read all Clara Belle's articles, and everything that's said about Mrs. Langtry and that Fred Gebhart," Mrs. Dyle answered, somewhat scornfully. 'IIow long has Pete S warty, who keeps the saloon on the corner, been here ten years? about the coun. .What does he know, or care is he well as try's right orrwrong; qualified to vote as I' am?" 14 You ! Do vou want to vote?.' "No matter-whethIlIooTnot; Imt one ar gument brought against women voting is, that 'twill only increase the number of votes to be counted and do no good. I think the same argument will apply to these emigrauts." Mr. Dyle looked &t his wifejith a smile which seemed a mixture of TaJrnlration and contempt. Then got up, with a yawn, stretched himself and went out, saying loftily: "Let women attend to their own affairs; they know nothing about politics." And, in his absence;. Mrs. Dyle thought . savs with a foolish smilo er ' oyhisjvordsjm will turns we compare note.s and see : which e best informed -- "on pol itical matter?," "she" said to herself. 1 Chaptep. Second. is-th- . Teatime arrived, but not Harrj'. . 3Irs. Dyle had overcomex her anger and was looking very sweet and complacent in her white dress with sprays of scarlet flowers in her hair and at her throat She had not given up her determination to have a political talk with her husband, but, as a wise woman that she was, had con- - xvf 1 . ued . "W-p-1-- yer (hie) 'pinion (hie) pol (hie) tics, eh?" Mrs. Dyle looked at him in silence as he llpAnnAfl fllinn tVa Qra onrl ootnl- - Tif,v n IphhIen sleep immediately, then, as she tried to iv- move his boots, he said, "One of the lords of- i cativu, vni , n.unjr ; , Emu.y tii'n NOTES AKD NEWS. The Annual meeting of the American Woman Association will - ha held in Brook- Suffrage 1 . . XT "V, . Ail. 1 il. A tiic Jin uuu irtii- oi uctooer, in the Academy of Music. iin - Mrs. .Margaret W. Campbell has devoted T rw 'rfirvjf ni Annmof fn NVvft linracfoi-Dickinson, O'Brien, Monena, Ida, Sac and n Carroll Counties. 1 At last the will of Mrs. Eddy, of Boston, has been approved. This generous lady left . $32,000, to be equally devided between Lucy Stone and Susan B. Anthony of New York, to be used in the interest of "Woman's' Rights Cause." She has also left some money ' to Wendell Phillips.; If the men who devote themselves with pathetically unprofitable" zeal to exposing the - weaknesses' of women would only spend half time as much and ingenious effort in curino" these weaknesses, women would soon be Sam-son- s in intellect and morals. Mr?. May Wright of-Mas- s. Willard's California campaign "netted"1 theW. C. T. U. of that State over one thousand dollars, resulting from the collections taken at her meetings. Thi3 she was strenous-lurged to take and use for her own necessities and work, but preferred to leave it behind her to continue the minlsfratiAti troll ha. gunr Exr Miss . y r . ... i in-hi-- -- Hopr. I man who had left her in the afternoon with uch a pompous walk, wh had said, "let wo: man - mniil her - own aflairs, cte," was a fine looking man in faultless attire tliis man who had just entered had his hat crushed in, and on one side; his clothes were bespattered w ith mud; there is nothing oroud or manly walk or appearance. 1 lis arms hang limp at - J o auu taKing a dook on political,l economy went to the parlor to read. 'A little after ten. o'clock Harry came in. Harry ! Was it Harry, her husband? The 1 e, ; but-contin- In an hour unguarded lot go the Itod, The Iron Rod that must guide our feet, Till we gain the victory grand, complete. Oh, Christ in hearen, the weak make strong, And guard in this hour oTsin and wrong. Here are tiniest feet just entering in, --llereia youth and manhoodstrone to win. Flore's the footsore and jwerywhoBejon.rney 'a xa ar uuur, Whose crown for eternity's lost or won. . com - How many feet faltered, how many fell; Some we thought linn as theKock of God, . . rne waited nearly an iiour lor the 1 affair-- I gay so fnnuy?" ai. --ame iiea-iaoi- i . you; it is none, : "Why, why, Bess, I, wasn't laughing at you; didn't hear what you said,- I was laughing - about Jvangtry and' Freddy Ge))h"a rt th e pa ( ), ves, you were talking - again H pera say the tales you tell, s, a iv, why ueed ii jng oi ner Jiege- - lord, then drank her tea, ate a littie of the good bread, cake and fruit her ":7:' heart growing neavy and sad. - Too well she surmised the cause of his tardiness. Doubtless he had found some companions who had also been reading of Langtry r and Gebhart and were toasting. l S. waicuea in ine asys your iour mile leer, Your little forma In beanty completed awcet names we cauea tnem May andGay But iu the brishtfiprin-tim- e one passed away. And we wept for the lost and tha one still left, For htr heart was broken, her life bereft, But the littie hands lockoned beyond the tide, And now they're together tho other aide. fcot-prlnt- yer-war- . .. : - side-bnard.A- -h- i a'rn't we American citizens;'is it none of cur affairs who comes into our home?. Are you" Her husband laughed out, which caused .Mrs. Jjyle to arise and push aside her chair eo suddenly that Harry looked up startled. "You need not laugh," she said half angrily, "vvii at uao oh, -- -- y-cs- ,;I of our affair?." x "None of our ' foot-print- s e, loofcs to me;: like Amenta will urseivre be in the Tiosilh-- of iri,1 t ja ren U w io- - h a v- unUely given all the property to the children una made niciaseJves- Jepenaent on the unwilling support of 'the children. Don't vou think so, Harry?"' "Y-c-' guess what did you say ' have you read Clara Belle's article?" "Of course not, when you have had the paper ever since it caine. I never read them any- way. I was speaking of foreigners Idling up this country so rapidly, and asked, if vqu ap-- p "Whrt do I - I'oot-print- -- roved of it." Musing and reading the story found In tbe language of footprints upon the ground, Ajanguage few Btudyor stnp in rcaA, As tney rnsn along at a ilgntning speed. ; Some are here yet that I've watched for year?, Watched with trembling hopes and fears; As I view the dangers that lie between loo present and future bo dituly seen. Some have passed on to the other aide, -- And -- thehare faded 'neatb tiaeVawlfl r- -" tide; r And some indelible stand to day, Aa milestones to guide the stranger's way. i ). -- thoroughfare trod by the- daily throng, In their calls to labor to and fro, Or on missions of lore or pleasure go. A end-zilti9J- eluded that she did know but little and would &?.k for infTrmatioii. - v. JLverytning was jenect in their little riming room with its cool matting, cjboicejpicjure znentXT-Sfcraau- ie ana gi mentis: crysUiraira .sii- i; iH the s. Dyle prided rTicll-t?tr In iiig a Tp'rfeclhoTfSee epei, and . as I rmssed nionrr rwa-mualufl-ona- well to encourage i.i '; ; Oar acts remain, "Which, like theleaveF, around do lie - To mark 6nrrejgnt 'fcJt Laks City, September 8th, -- .' Taies?:r;2lhiiw amllce'ou'rsi" s, . wo blossom, ': - ! 'And Buch Is life ;;- . 1 r " " Shed forth Ua ; Its beanty seemed my spi;i to tliuii I eang It praise! :f'""T7 ati'ii had set-ItI watched onco more-rlb- e beauty fled Around mo nought Bare leaves I met To show 'twas dead. ...... -- PON EN T . -- LL.Q ur Herald, publ isl led - ia -- La fay ettc ," f i d i ana, comes this week in a new form. It c n- pagea ui iiiauti, auu is m bizv Huliauie for binding. It will be issued the first Saturday of each month, and continues to be the orcran of the N. W. S. A. as it w: wrmn printed weekly. It is always full of news, fresh and interesting. The editor, Mrs. Helen one of the brightest shrewdest M, Gougar, women in America, good looking and in her manner, tasteful in dress, and pleasing one of the finest speakers on the platform, -- vbu7 : , j 