EVENTIDI-- t " It was la the fcummer gloaming, The soft,' tweet, pnrple gloaming, j ... t'-.bhadowisv with blended sunset of the Ijgtifea paler rays " - ; v '" -- r .r f h'"Ji :. t- - haavalhe alr And tbi fragrlM&tzfrt&t Sowers iris And the silver thread of twilight whlten'd all along ' " : the way, Btlllneas stole,: over allith landscape Till a ghost-lik- e ' ."'1'.'-- " - : fair, '. That wo wander'd in the garden, " ' '. , . ' i The grand, old fashioned garden. ' Ah, 'twas in the subtle gloaming,The weird, entrancing gI.oa.min g. When tho shadows deepen'd darker, and the stars be . gan to shine, And one felt the heart of nature in its gentlest, tend'r. est hour, That we pledg'd our troth together where the roses in -... tertwine; i And we reveled in the realms of fanevJi potent power, While we saunter'd in the garden, The dear, old, homely garden. -- - -- - . - r nTn tr ftomlnw In that mnrmnrMnndert'one- that. falls sosoftly on the ear;, While it twept along the rose-treelike the flutter of a -- n Ti f TllA l?Im - T ilf,, - " s LIng'rIng down among the gratscs as a presence ever-- . near, Left a charm for years to come like a precious, living , thing; for in the 'twas Aye, years garden, The rude, neglected garden. ; Oft at even in the gloaming, The vague and solemn gloaming, Have I listen'd for the echo ofthat wblerjerJmM thel flow'rs; And mplUw lrom fV Tl!oh rn. Til All liQij DU1I flhl JU wmw " wvmv, low. ' , --- - . . A ., j v- .-. uauuw ltlD n 1.1. Ill WUDCUiCUUlJ, C1IIU' mer hour?, As we vow'd to love each other, in that long ago , In the thad'wy old garden, The dear, enchanted garden-- . :. far-of- f, And still the purple gloaming, The fair, deceitful gldtmlng, - - Comes forever with tho Bummer, just the same at even- - ' tide, With the memories that haunt me of the beautiful and . bright, And the glory of the hours that will evermore abide ; In the soul of "one '"thatTwaits through the dark and stormy night, For that promise in the garden, The dear, old fashion'd garden. " . It Is sweeter In the gloaming," , The calm and tranquil gloaming, To recall tho happy mem'ries that around our hearts entwine; While wo ' are young and ardent,-- tho future seems so . . . - '1'right; Borrow wouia snauer love s ' - iiowuiauuvuresia uiat '. : . fair 6hrine, Or that darkness, sad and droarv. could fallow its de : light, -When wo linger'd in the garden, The balmy, iragraat garden. lint tho1 in the summer gloaming, . The strange, fantaatic gloaming, v "Wa onlv see faint shadows In a dim. nwn.l wav. 7 e Or waken echoes, as from a far-of- f shore; Yet we know to those who're faithful there will dawn . a roseate day, 7 A glorious that will last for evermore, ' .In that fair, Elysi&u garden, The first, primeval garden. Emile. old-tim- TWO DREAMS. 'Ncmcomes'liioVijurvj who can' it mean? and the mind will quickly, revert to some one who ha,! i&aid or done . that did not seem ne whom 'we 'had thought wa our quite right-oin 'whose vp m vp- nt houra- friend, company . ,. i i or pleasure and fcatLslaction onejn Trnom we lia44ru s UA and &m M&HrtvvH&V we will thjnjk. with an already- wakening ?u.auu uuii oyer m our minai.inin jjijuu, have that passed heTween us of alittle Unpleas ant nature, and though we had dropped them at 03 ;norworth .'"thiHtirig about, they now begin to assume gigantic-proportion- s. B hall we now begin to hold ourselves a! oof a nd to watch her .with a jealous eye? Common sense, answers, no, it and unbethose of our profession to harbor such -coming feel iDgs in our hearts; besides,-do- ' not those XmQOthtnguedrf,hypoC principally in the minds of novel writers? Is there not some good in nearly all mankind and are we not too "ready to think evil of each other, and to disregard these words:? "Be full of charity, for charitycovereth a multitude of '. sins.' " 11 iwi give another version of the dream.:Ihe serpent is surelv the enemy of all man- kind both saint and sinner are liable, accord ing 33 they give him power, to feel his venom ous.sting;and this will be so until Satan is bound, for he i3 ever on the alert to lead astray the children of men, and to cause them to do that which will debar them from an exaltation in, tbe kingdom of God. Artful and cunniug, 7he will know the weak points in each one's and where he cannot' induce them, to com- mit great crimes he will sow, seeds of discord, a of jealousy and hatred; or he knows where them is u n ity there ix strength, aud where families and communities' are bound together by the strong ties of aG'ection where there is aoneness of interest, feelings and desires, ym and suddenly to feel its quick and powerful bite cannot indicate anything th at is good. con scions of the 'storm', of grief, their hajve awakened, aain word-- : you will live over and "over pa?cd with scenes through" which, vcu ETmutn applrent fortitude, - -- -- xo'jr head And - - the-tiro- - e " " - na--tur- e, fhoro ho 1Q o?f Aiif V.l, ,y U..', r i in their hearts. Let us illustrate for instance' your dear ones those whose welfare and bap-pi- n in short you evSss you prize above all else feel as though an exaltation in the kingdom of God would be incomplete without their presence and their love, your soul is drawn ou t continually with a desire to see them advance in all good works, that they may overcome the adversary of mankind. They each have their different friends and associates; and lo, you behold the repulsive form of the venomous reptile slowly and continually winding its way between them;- - suddenly he will dart his fiery venom one way and another, and their unsuspecting, unguarded hearts must feel his sting, yet all unconscious of his presence they hug him closer and closer, and all your warnings and pleadings and your-gri- ef seem of little avail. He blinds their eyes to their own faults, yet magnifies the faults of others; even your own unselfish wishes for the good of all -- are misconstrued, and you are accused on both sides of partiality and a disregard for their welfare; but you cannot cherish and uphold one at the expense of the other, and wherever you gee the green eyes of the monster peering you strike at them, though you should wound " - a loved one in so . . doing." If you succeed in getting one who you have perhaps considered a little the most "bitter in their feelings to take a step or two towards the ejniliatm the other is sure to be more than usually obsti nate. Thus the gap seems to widen and all your, hopes to be frustrated. Oft you pray and weep in secret, and so time goes on and on. Sometimes when sad and -- weary with the struirsle ou seek of sympathy, but "meet a re- uff f here you least expected it; some thought less, unkind expression will add the one drop too much for your over charged heart, and long after the one who .so unintentionally added the drop is resting in quiet sleep, un- rd It means enemies, is the quick reply; and it seems quite reasonable; to dream of a slimy, Venomous snake coiling and writhing around ' - Oy wuITuncontroiable swiftness, and the bk- ter tear.? How until the small hours come, and ytu ari awareithat the-m'orr- will find:you ow. all unfit for land you strive with all y our powers of self ' command to' quiet your nerve,? and court sleep. At length in that half unconscious state be- twten si ceping'aTi djs'akiiTgToure very pulse throbbing with pain, another scene "passes be-fore you, the death bed not the death bed of your loved ones that you , have lived over so : oft, but ono that perhaps you think of less ' : frequently, yourself. This is not difficult to imagine in your pres-- . ent state of mind and body, and you see yonr dear ones whom 'you are to leave behind gathered around, their face3 expressive of anxiety and grief. Your eye "glances from faco ' to face and you call for other dear friends who though at enmity with som e - presen t, are s t il 1 .near and dear to you. They come; and in low but earnest words you make them understand ' your desire to see them reconciled with each" other.:" With an eloquence awakened by near approach to the last; great change; you point Out the way you give them this key that all that is good, all that tends to bind together with unity and love, the desire to overcome evils in themselves, and a willingness to overlook faults in others, come3 from God that the opposite of this comes from the evil one, ""' - - i ' , , - -- njKlhoud Jbeavoidedras it willreiydeaThtir"; misery, both in this life and the life to come." You entreat them by their hope of the great, reunion-wit- h those dearest ones who have gone before, their desire for joy, happiness and- -- God; to be ever humble -- and prayerful, that . they may oyercome the evil -- and cleave to the good. Then with joy at eeingupon each face a determination to give heed to your words you close your eyes, hot in death , but into that rest that you so much need. Could not some of us profit by this dream while we are still spared to dwell together? - Doic . PRAISE THE LORD. "Praise the Lord, oh my soul, and-h- r everything give thanks," is written somewhere. Shall we not as monuments of Gods mercy remember these sayings and apply them in our lives and in our actions? What privilege.- - do we not enjoy above the women of the world, whether high or low, rich or poor? God is our . friend His protecting hand is over us for good. The Savior promised his children that peace, which the world can neither give or take away, with all its power, its boasted arrogance r.nd Saint would" wealth. The humbje Latter-danot exchange "places with any of the great ones of this earth, and why? Because the true satisfaction of knowing God for himself reigns within his bosom. Truth: is miirhiy and it . will prevail, that is. the portion thai feeds the Saints day by day, and make3 them rejoice exceedingly in all that transpires, for U d,is "As thy diiy "theirrfriend thy; strength shall be." He preserves our brethren and sisters a3 they pass through fiery triab of whatever name or nature they may be. I rejoice in seeing our cause so bravely noble of the earth fought inch by inch by-tis whom Satan trying to devour; but we know that God. Omnipotent reigneth, and He will subdue hi3 enemies underliis feet. God bless all Israel, anL bless you, ur dear f. is my prayer, Editor, and Your . y . ften: pthus-iiTislvri- . he - X B.M; 