to darlfcM - ait - ere in t ice: men? ,i .t.rrr4 7 : TraerMtwutJ, cut a::er dark Your uiatntisuties" to tin? test. ' " - There-bao system tor checking "basrsae, landV Verv little gees u ruler .any in oar ojrn drcam3tinttsri&d&'. extras charge. Yea par forrtne transportation jtnd have the rare of lookingaftejsit roarself. The officials never "ghowrany great alacrity in aktmy jour efforts. If the time rtWitlnlf kraane ' ; of cars ijouta&yjme the train before wnat .roa have cartz he Jbfind and exitrninTrThTconse-- : zrzrqnence of this is a deal of hand lu?w re. Ten persons sitting in a single compartment may count np from ten to thl rty pa ck a cej Adim oowh irom a mue lamp up which abore, dispenses hair its benefactions to the next compartment. Suddenly you.mav be i.ani patience rnsf be- -you-r-mindrto-ifaTlou i5,y Girt round with rugged mountain?, The fair Lake Constance lies, In her blue heart reflected Shine back the 6tarry skies, And watching each white cloudlet Float Rilentlj and slow, ,Tou'd think a pleccLOl Ilea ven" Lies on our earth below. SALT LAKE ' !M ".' 7 hjgndredfeetfrom KTS AUiaCLTLTtrKAL t he-m- ain 1 " " IMPLE TOOLS A cloth and Clothing, r'ure .drugs; and chemicals, 7 CARPELS AND WALL P PiaiS, ALL " G HADES AND NEWlEST DESIGNS.. hrgsrand racrs completo JENNENCS?- Supt. ttury a ,:2T We. A-half- aud-eyery-thin- fv,P. ; . Special to the Ladies. ' AT TEASDEL'S - - ini-portan- ee Will be found tho latent styles and productions in LACES, raJCHES, EMDKODEHII, FANS, Ci LOVES, PAKASOES, ' --KIBDONS, COLLAliS, TIES, ' ---- of the trip. We find neafly;allrof ..these .'Swiss.Iakw largThi onn ....la iliv-twf- v prJth an miles long by eight in width. It is notliem med - in -- by high monbtains Vnt coTnm'an ds' many be utiful views of. their snowy tops in the distance. Thebauks are green-a- n dsn-el- l upward toward the hills beyond with .many, a p i ctu resqu e hajnctjJojvnjr verdure. There is a sense of repose over the whole which is most refreshing to the sight-seefrom the Southern cities As the banks .of. this lake belong tji'fi've.dii-feren- t governments, we find some civil looking custom house officers waiting for us at Koman shorn. The eerutiny is not of a severe order. Before the dinner hour we are at Lucerne, 'glad ho find ourselves again within it walls, though lt be only to gather up our belongings, find the rest of our party who were to meet us there, and then start on. '. Ex.: : Ptuui Random. And an elcpaiit assortmcnf of - - Special department for Ladies' Mwscs1. and Infant's. Shoes. 112, .11 J, lltVUS 7;,.vf Taivplc Street. r - I In "the New "York r ; rz - i-jr- i ' pfMtK fVU T J. !f l fii m hv- ?. y 'ATM ii P DWOODEY. Senate, Chamber '' at Albany hangs the oldest portrait of Columbus. It was presented by Mrs. Maria Farmer, a granddaughter of Jacob 'Leslie, governor- of New York in IGStS and bears date 1502.. WALL TAPER - O- 23 . - Home Kade Trunlis Blankets, f' ShawlB, Llnsoys, Jeans, O 3? O O 251 for Salo by JOIIX c also IIOME MADE Rrown Tares, Cotton Battlnff, Tarna, V.'oolBattln, HrooniB, LAftlBREQU.NS AND WINDOW COB NICES. 1233 TO FIRST SOUTH STREET, SALT LAKE CITY. 124-- 1 ' te Colored Yams, Casfilmere, Twetxis, UCE CURTAINS, ' ' Washboards, Krusht, Etc, r.tc iffiB Auerbach & A celebrated LIFT and PumpsKV3 Repaired on short notice. Orders from pSIT tbe country promptly to. responded fSTMdrtssi David Jamttr Box 303, Salt Labs City. ' Bro. Full and Completo Stock of MILLINERY. TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. Spring and Summer Goods, FORCE 'J ' ';' MENTS, and by an embank m en t an d .bridge. TibTuTuTTT said to have - founded a fort on this island 'and maintained a licet on the lake The old tower near the bridge seems ;.to offer .its testimony to th:it effort. IAboaTof fair .jrpportions was lying at the pier 'waiting the coming passenger. hour's delay gavejis quite a good look at that odd placefErer)thirig"xwas. ohl was clean. Tlie - houses , stoo'il with quaint gables endwise towards the street." These cable3 were notched on their outer'edrreT" like the teeth of a saw." A huge niarble lion keeps guard over .the little harbor, vhile a 7lia(Iionie71ighthouse does duty as grandly for the little place as though the navy of a nation was dependent on its fidelity for Safety. :Xhe place is small. The lion- and. the lighthouse piaf?iirge.. We rather enjoyed the. air of they put on. A hot breakfast on the little steamer took nothing from our enjoyment witli Constitution Bnlldlug - "' 6t: 'I 'W A N l JOUHJ'tl '"ln,A,S.S AN1) (iUKEX.SWARE, ' C17TLEK, Ayent for the PliOVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old .morning twilight to find where Utah. C I TY, HEA V V AK D SU ELEjrDWARF,"--- " As thcrmo'fnt'ii briIi t e n ed , ve reached Li dau, as turious, in Its appearance a? anything Uland -- severah we.have sefn. JtwJies,,oii-aiL- - Of , un ; - Xj We are no longer sleepy. "We are nearing Bregenz, and are straining our eyes in the Her battlements and towers From oIT their rocky steep, Hatc cast their trembling shadows For ages oa tha deer; 61 L FEATHERS, LlfSOLIUfil, 1 . rejiiie : daring when she ?.av"the4i(yuie. of her child-hood menaced bv straner.-C'.I.!'. e . - wn4 tma ni iU thUiLira - L' ."' i . and-passenger- ..'-- f ' iignt-glimmer- ers, - i?::aljan s groansT-ffom-thesleep- tti.Uwii 7.; Liu:,- Th? mountain ei idL JApf.u with it?2wy'earare- the netting in winch we find the .'quaint vld city ramet. --The i.ilU which' lie "chicly a round J; 'are thickly aovcr' d ScntM iu with rich verdure; The snow-clad- '. the di;tancQ Jtud? air extra charm to the pie" .ture."- - It to; vviriprenenrl 'he he-t.spot ho u t re e heart W the native daughter -- nouncing that you are to "have your luggage examined, and change cars." Then there are -after sighs, possibly in haste." hot Portmanteaus,' that, "hurrying bags, bundles, umbrellas, walking sticks, , become, a confused "mass" wraps ' of animation. If you have reached a frontier station the : custom house officers are on duty; if it is sim- -' for a new departure, you may move on. ply The guards shout, you try thi3 section, and then that. Every one is full, or numbered"" differently from your ticket. ' At last you spy a snug corner, get your things adjsuted to car, where yoirr gentlemen friends are not admitted, or in -- a" compartment '."where smoking is not prohibited. One calamity is as bad as the other. We have been in a car where the prohibition not being hung up, five or six of our fellow travelers were making ready to smoke to any extent regardless of the discomfort of the ladies present and tha fact that the xvin- Jow woi oJoeoI. Yuu alwuj s get out vC the JanglejdmeJwayy-even-atHhe-lasmoment. Ifrou speak m silvery tones to the guard, it tren- erauy iacnuates matters, ana you win oe very likely to find yourself in a compartment that is appropriated by none but our own party. The door does not open to others as easily as it might, - and you settle yourself comfortably in the cushions and find you have plenty of sleeping room. If it is1 cool, the guards run queer looking; footstools in, which experience teaches you contain hot water. " i A lunch is one' of the essentials for such nocturnal rides. Hot coffee can generally be obtained along the route. We usually take our tourist's cup into the restaurants, lest too hot to drink on the spot. Findings our own place on our return to the train sets us up very much in our own estimation. ' When we know the clocks in Munich have long before rung out the hour of twelve, we seem to rouse from dreaming or from thinking, we hardly know which, but we have a vision,: before our mental eye at least, in which a maiden and "a strong white "charger which fed from her hand," go rushing through our mind. Before the morning breaks fairly on our sight we see Lake Constance: U'gejl-- i I AND LADIES DRESS TRimmiSGS. 