103 vaMo cold n n d piercing Ilia t i t Horned to my as.ifJ houid perish! AVV'oiily TrmdTT Jihfi: encamped ;forthe niiit)m a' ere-about fifteen miles from Kanning-ton- . kcjn;i!l "The. same evening I'lcsidunt YoiiDg arrived with Hie remainder of the cuiiip, except the ariiliervf which came up" later in the even-' - 7 wi nd - vine ; ; Divine Mother. - k jr IV. 'wri U iiHIU-- tt .1 1.11. ltlg j snow had to be cleaned Tmrrwr t lv tJUIIiiU. XliU . aw?tojjiJhenja, m tt Ijeds werea tl$7m t li a:? t escd iWc .Tt?rOit-;-ji- -- - i l oyer in our tent that nigh I and it was irasdble to by the camp fire; so thafniht I laid But nojhing off, not- even my hood or jo.-ithe weather moderated .before morning JanjL ground."-',"- ; - only-seve- , Bidiops Foreman "aad Rasband. Minutes of il former conference read and approved; also the reports, showing the societies financially in a Sister Brown made- fljurishing condition. ' bo me remarks; she also read a piece from the cad Ex rQNENT,JiThe Prophet : JosejAv's Relief Societies." v'Therp:reideht3'tHefir- -4 the spirit of improvement; The secretary then read a letter from Sisters Snow and Wells, which was full of good counsel and encouragement. -- Pres. Hatch then add r ess e d the co n for en ce u pon the "Word" of wisdom ; ho feh. phased Jto spirit prevailed throughout the conference. : Conference adjourned,for six months. SingO- Godfor a ing, "We thank-JThe- e, Prophet." Benediction by Bishop Foreman, , - " . 7 iNiwthoTraiieiidal ;iat our : . brain has been made for us, and that associa tions are mentally reproduced by our environ- - ments, which bring to the mind pictures of the past as they were-seeby pur progenitors.' . n This is very kind of the philosophers, but.!;; would rather believe that we have a dim, .- 1 ; As to vyour "rruess." "Some davrmav he. wo jj shall enjoy all these beauties and nioreramt our hearts and souls be satisfied?" We shall. n, 1 dd hen, turebymoonlightwhicliiJends an addition-- : lai charmdo theetene. t"T"; r:7 , e. started from there about noon and .traveled mijes 'in consequence of the badness of the road. We passed through the ')rd and encamped three miles ington-obeyond making, ten miles that we traveled that daythe mil d m a d e t rare i n g a most i m ' possible. We overtook President Young" here, also Bishop Miller, who with his company had .' - " been encamped about a week. To be Continued. 11 hrT''u ... get-war- - . , ru----- J " - when we sit .beneath the canopy of heaven arid are animated by a perception of its vastnesy, what a sense of freedom is realized, although, as you re.markr"The most lovely things of ea rt h seem insigiii fi cant compared with the grand ejir and exquisite beaut he Have:ad(leil tot lie pic-- . six-mile- r Father:and, ;delightful thoughtrof our " r . - i -- JUAB "SHAKE. it -- .' OLD LETTER. Looking over some old letters the other day to see what I could dispose, of To make room for more, I found this one from Prof. Bad'oot -- , . old gentleman, one of, nature's noldemen indeed, and the inheritor of a "distinguished title, which lie held of no worth compared with' the honor of a Latter-daSaint; flc was a man of education and culture, though go excessive- ly diffident and unassuming that few people knew him well enough to appreciate hii worth, llow delicate and refined his and - - ideas were, an d how reverential! ythoughts he referred Tto the Gospel and the influences of the Holy Ghost. .'-I loved to go into the31useum and talk with him, I always came away wiser than when. I went, he imparted knowledge, as he did every-- . us,-wh- y : . - ' ' thing, unobtrusively. How sorry I have felt that I had not known him longer and that I. had not more timedo spend-i- n hisfociiFyBe-- T cause of thisdaek of time I occasionally wrote to him, and his'answers were always prompt, The letter iveri edifying and instructive iierejvasJEpeintaneous, and one gets- bo much fault found with them in this world that a little acceptable. The appreciation is fault "of many of us'is that we neglect the peo-- . )le we meet every day to. worshiphjitjL - li vl 'mjmofhor-ptvno,i'- of time, and affcr they liave gone we mourn that we gave so little heed to them, or perhaps tliat we have neglected them. . .' . Desekkt MuSEUjr. ' Saet Lake City, July irth, 188L Editor Woman's Exponent: Dear Sister, I have been made pleased with; of natural objects I love so your will; what a fascination there is in ga zi ng, even . pen-pictur- es meatally, on "the old forest," "the moss grown rocks," "the sea the shells and the corals, gems of the ocean, the ferns and diowers and clinging moss." We love to call np. these associations, and with them emotions of thQauldlang tyno" hinted at in the hcau-- . tiful verses:. "In my first primeval childhood." Gar religion is lull of Doetrv of this kind. Tho - .memory of the pan" extends indefinately backwards, especially .when the Urira and Thiimmim ("the hights and perfections',') of rthe Gospel are with us.- Then we -- can realize, dimly, dreamily it may be, something of the past, when Y?e dwplt in the presence of our Di-. - . "". : y . . . - . : k, -- ' - " : -- Tlow. beautiful to me. was" this dear it. ' . -- Idjionghtperhaps-lish" " - - -- "' ; e ... ' T' . Editor Exponent: ; may be. a dreamlike remembrance of the past. I think that our conception of '.'transcendental During the past two months the presidency is of the Relief Society of Juab Stake, in conmore Have rational. If we physics" enjoyed nection with President Pa'xman and. party,-hav.the- beautiful things of our "primeval" garden, where the flowers and trees,- the living waters visited the elitferent branches of Relief " ' : anil .the living light were none the less lovely ;.;":' Society of this; stake. because we were innocent; why not, by the Found the sisters alive r their duties, and earnestly for tW advancement of dight of that spirit that "shall bring nil things Zion's caus. '. Also visited Juah Station, Oct. to our remembrance," have a glimpse now and then of past beauties to cheer us on the way? 30th, and"" organized a Relief Society - and: .: As to the; desires for ."culture in arL litera- The fol- -' :z:JMmary3iB theofficers were and elected for the Relief Sostudies of nature,""Tarley P. lowing :; ture, Pratt gives U3 some beautiful illustrations of ciety: Mrs. Hannah Kinder, President Mrs. .: Susan Witbeck, and Mrs;' Mary E. Taylor, the influence of the Holy Spirit in his 'Key 'And to Theology," to some of Counselors; Mrs. Mary F. Bigler, Secretary; have," Mrs. Christena Jensen, Treasurer. in a degree, received ofv the things othe king-'--' The Qti.irterly Conference of the Relief So-- . dom to which' wo "have- been made heirs, to " ciety of Juab Stake will be held at Nephi, whom the patent of noUilityhas been given, a Dec.dothand 10th, 18S3. signed, sealed and delivered byx the living Priesthood of our Heavenly Father; what won... . Misb M, E, Hoyt, ' "" " the. der, if, at times,. remembrance ofthe glories "Secretary. .()f our "primeval childhood" should be hoed in our souls and gladden our mental eyes , SANTAQUIN Y. L. M. I. A. v with their sweet sounds and dazzling beauties? Teaji Editor: I thank you, my sister, for your kind words, I. write you a few items in regard to the Saint. they remind me that I am a Latter-daY. LM. I. A. of this, place. It is now ten What a glorious world you have to sow the . ' years since they were first orgaiHzedvEv2r-- seeds of truth seeds which never, never dk since that time this association has been grow-in- g You shall h ave something for your valua in interest as well as numbers, until it ha? ble magazineT I am glad of your prayers reached nearly every young lady in the place. i The prayers of the Saints have often' aidetl, Mrs. Nettie Tietjen, xwlio has been President and sometimes given me a new lease of life. for the past five. .vcarsr has resigned, being Very faithfully yours in tho Gospel, with.. about to leave the placeduring the winter, anoV fervent wishes Tor your prosperity, the following persons were sustained as ofli cers, Joseph L. Bareqq: and set apart by Bishop Georgellalladyjunl feecond .Couu5elor, L. W.Clark: Rosetta Ooeib IIEBER PRIMARY FAIR. -- ghawpJlrcsidciitrATi and Km ma Wall, Counselors; Augusta Tietjen, Secretary-- ' TheT "rTmarics-o- f the East and West Wards Sadie Harris,' Assistant Secretary Bettie Boss, of Weber held a Fair Nov. 14, in the Ladies' ' Treasurer. E. J. Stickney, Supt. Hall. There was a very fine dispfay of fancy-worknitting, crochet, mats, patchwork, flowSANTAQUIN PRI3IAR ers, baskets, cookery of all descriptions,' pies, ."The President of the Primary Association of cakes, plain and fancy bread, butter; jellies, ' etc. There were also drawings, woodwork, Santaquin having also rcsignd, ra TCtfrgah ization attended to by Bishop George of the same-waetc., done by. some very small boys. There was a variety of other things too numeroul to .Hallady and First Counselor, Eli Openshaw, ' which took place Nov. 17th, 1883, with the . mention : the were at There Fair, President following sisters a3- officers:" Elizabeth Wall, present of the Stake and her Counselors, Presidents of President; Agiies Clark and Annie-Broadthe Associations, of the Wards and their bent, Counselors; Josephine Ahleen, Secretary; . Maud KirkmaH, Assistant Secretary; Augusta ' also the Bishops of the Wards. It was Treasurer. E J. Strickuey, Supt. y also largely attended by the children, their. ' Tietjen, " Marion Todd, parents and friends. FOUNTAIN UREEN TRrIARY.. Secretary. The Fountain Green Primary held their R S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY the "Conference and Fair Nov. 24th, 16S-)REPORTS. 10 o'clock a.m. in .the Conference being at school house'. The little one3 did their part to v WASATCH STAKE. make it interesting, by giving recitations, dia-.- .. The Conference of the Relief Societies was logues, essays and singing beautiful little songs. After which we had some very good remarks held in Heber City Hall, November 9th 1883, from some of the brethren and sisters who Mrs. Emma Brown presiding with her counselwere present, expressing their pleasure and sat- ors. Local authorities present, Pres. Hatch -- : - s - . -r Coun-"selor- . s, '; --- -- ; " J 