V O M A 100 ir i i THE.W UJlAiN o JjAI 1 B, WEIJLS, . t "E X PO N E N T .' is not the subject uder "ecu tempIaWaCaesidy, of ?x evada, on tno dUfranchfcsount of '"Moraiou" women, vhat will not good will this disfranchisement do? It the "M .taxrS' problem .. at all, nor will It tflect the majority vote, only there wi.ll be fewnresent j er votes tocDunt. which" Ixivnx th irk the readers of the cannot fail to be pleased with, and appreciate the story, and admire the author's style of telling it. Tin: Conference of the Relief Society cf Wtter Stake ill bo held in the Ogden Tater nacle, on Friday, tho 7th Inst., meeting com. fr cppcrtuLitryjut tl:3 I a?- - N'S Editor. ve ' in Salt Lake ty, Utah .published Terms: One copy one year, $2. 00; one copy tlx months $h00:iai copies for the price of nine.' Adfertlsing1 lines ol nonpareil space, one ' ' "time,' $2.50: per month, $3! 00. A libei discount td ; rc gnlar adtertlsers. Ixtoxext Office la trick building north of Z. C. M. : I., East Temple Strest. Btipiness hours from 10 a, ra. to v 5 p. meyery day, except Sunday. T 7 j. Address all business communications to sami-monthl- y, will-inak3- authoritrirlroablete lag their malTrdaTjy, and will vote just as they please, and there will always be enough of them to- - outvotetho opposite party, no matter how it multiplies, rest : assured of that' fact. Thcre'creriir; CassiJy '"might a3 well savj his" rZxiti.A9r-W- , credit, and redeem bJmself as far ai possible r " , Publisher Womus's Expohbut, Sairake City Utah. L: SALT LAKE CITY, DECEMBER . 1, 1853. DISFRANCHISEMENT OF WOMEN. Ere Congress afcembled the various methods to put down "Mor monism" were being aired through the newspapers. On ?e It seemed as if women had no part or lot in the matter, but since the baJJot wai given to the women of Utah, they have become an important factor in the question that so astonishes, perplexes and vexes the nation. Cisaidy, of Nevada, : wants the women of Utah disfranchised. That is not new, he wanted it la9t year. It is not very chivalrous , to say the Jeat; to take any civil rights from women, who, ne:ording to the general acceptation of the situation, have eo few privileges cf any sort. It proves, however, that having the franchise does give women power, that they are a strength even hr their "weak-new.- " " Mormon'-- ' women vote for the men whom they have known and proven, and this ia the proof Cassidy gives u?, that they do not .know how to vote. If these amewomen .would cast the balloFforthe men who come here and call them fools, ignorant dupes, and their child-lie- n a name one does not Use to soil the paper with, then, I suppose, they would; be counted brave and intelligent, and they might retain the franchise with all propriety, because it would help the "Llberab" to place and power. The women of Utah have for nearly thirteen "years gone to the polh and voted as their te3t Judgment dictated, and no man or woman can -truthfully say "any evil has grown! out cf it. On the contrary, we affirm wonum have become more cultivated in the public weal, and have sough t and imparted to each other information on general qneationa pertaining J.o rights, govern ment, laws ana their enforcemenL,-Whe- n women know more of theso matters it will be bttter for any country. The children of wise mothers are always an improvement upen those of ignorant ones, and the wife who can "talk in- -' telligently with her husband on politic?, may keep him at honcaslonallywhereas, otherwise, he would eeek the companionship of some man or get of men, in order to discass the sub: " : ject. .As '.'.'. -- for men loving women more who know very little, who are submissive and Inferior, who have no positive opinions of their own, why they are certainly inferior men, and it is not that class of men that strong minded women would choose for husbands, S3 they heed give themselves no uneasiness on the at subject all. These men will not seek such women for marriage, and such ladies would refuse them if they should. Bat marrying will go on just the same, and the clever women will wait nnlil some great soule j, brave hearted - man dees ask them. And, pending that event go on with some noble employment,1 doing good as she hath L fromJhe disrepute ingHoTm)it"thl8"sme oflensivd quss lion , and let "Mormon" worrit n go on voting as It pleases them, and it will not aflect hU. politics in the least. It Is strange he should want to meddle with this alfal at all, rs there is plenty of mate, rial for him to'work upon in his own state with-.- .. out coming over Into Utah, End moreover nied- dliug with the aflairs of women, which Is never a wise thing to do In any case; much le38 when it comes to such a general matter as tola one, of the right to vote. "Mormon women are exceedingly ambitious; they not only want to vote but tohave their rights extended to holding" office we trust this will not - wound the sensitive feeling?! of Mr. Cas3iJy. So far from relinquishing their own right to vote so honorably obtained, and so nobly maintained, they are all the time worklug in the interests of cqial po-- . : "Iltica rights for all women; and furthermore, have interceded with the Legislature to so revise the Statutes of Utah as to make women eligible to offlca. Vex not thyself Mr. Cassidy, for.it may be that women cm never get a majority of votes to elect them to any office, should they.ba fortunate enough to receive a nomination, and even that is very ancertain. Certainas the .. ly not if men were as narrow-minde' d matter to take away this boon once granted One would not think so judging and exercised? from the records of nations and peoples; however, "Mormons" are not to "bi dealt with in the same manner as other folks. There is no excuse for repealing this law except that "voting is not iod for women." There g isa trite saying somei where extant, that, "What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander," and vice versa, ii --voting ii good for the gander it must be for the geese necesearily, bat lest we should incur the displeasure ofJhe author of the "Geese of Gan. deric?," perhaps it would be better to chooie somi other term. Remember, Mr. Cassidy, the Edmund's Bill dlafran. chised both men and women who had . ever : obeyed the celestial la w and after doing all that, one would think there would be a boun-dar- y to the extent of disfranchisement. Now no one goes to the polls who is, or ever was in the practice of plnral jnarrlage.Thil LDoght satisfy all people who clamor so about the dog -radation of that peculiar principle. Now whether our young people will throw away their political rights, esteeming them as for the higher law, remains to be nought proven Nevertheless, there will always be a majority to keep the ship Zion balanced. Wait and see. It is possible that the, generation born in this holy order, and heirs to the Priesthood are to make another epech In the history of the ; v EDITORIAL NOTE 3. We have revived, from one of our favorite contributors, a Christmas Story for our next trueB graphically told. We gratefu, for the article, and ZTSil ing Saturdsy, at the same place and tame hoar?. tla expected SIsterR ; fl. Young will be present; We receive, by courtesy cf some friend, a u copy tf a Swiss Woman's Paper," pttblishedJn, women of that country. It the interests e is printed in German, though lome, paris of It are in the Zurich Ujalect. -- It contains a continued stoiy, poetiyj and miscellaneous particles of various kindp.- - The paper is published tvery Sunday, and edited by Mrs. Eliza Honnegar, fit. Gallen. :;; - J " ' . of-th- ' Annie Vp:lls Cannon, formally nected with the office of the Exponent, Me3. col- - and whoee departure for Europe with the missionaries on the 16 Ih of October was announced in our oolumnp, arrived In Bern, SwitEarland 5th of November in good health and spirits" after "a very pleasant, though rather fatignlng journey across land and sea. At Bern she met her husband, Elder John Q. Cannon, now President of the Swiss and German mission, after having been separated from him for two years and three months. We are anxiously waiting for a descriptive letter of her travels, etc. fcr on-th- , publication. Tiie Ladies Conference of Salt Lake Stake will convene in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Friday andSatnrday, Dec, 14th and 15th; commencing at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. each daytIt is hoped there will be a general attendance of the sisters from thoBeveral branchea-i- n the -Staker'ThVRellef Society will occupy the day on Friday, holding, two sessions. The Primary will assemble on Saturday morning. Children from the several wards are invited. The Y. L. M. I. A. will occupy the afternoon on Saturday. A full and prompt attendance is earnestly d, . A meetinq was held in the 2nd Ward of this city, October 28th,ult.,to reorganize the Primary Association of. that ward, Mrs. Sarah: Wheeler," President of the Relief Society, presided. Sisters Smith, E. B. Wella and E. C. E.R.S. ' - -- Church. M. follow- de-eire- tor . meccIntSs?TheT..L'. I. A. will hold their Conference on the . Clawscn were present by invitation." Sister E R. S. Smith officiated in organizing. Bishop Peterson and his counselor, James Leach , were present and as follows: President, Mrs. Phebe C Young; : Connselori, Johanna Olsen and Emily Hart; Secretary, Hannah Olsen; Assistant Secretary. Master Seymour Young; Treasurer, Pauline Olsen. Remarks suitable to, the occasion were L made by the visiting sis ters,x also Blsteri Wheeler and Young, and by Bishop Peterson. .' The Juvenile Instructor Office have Just Issued a new publication, "Lydia Knight's History." The first book of a series to be published, entitled, "The Noble Women's Lives Series' Price 25 cts. tfor sale at the Juvenile instructor Office, Salt Lake City. The author is ; ''Homespun,'' "whose articles often appear in our columns. It la a little difierent in style from such books generally, and well calculated tu please, as well as edify and Instruct the reader. The "most minute details are strictly true, and this ought to recommend It to the Latter-da- y Saints. We are gratified that Homespun has made this effort to do good, and cannot help contrasting her buey literary life, and many domes- - -tic cares, with some of our sisters who think when they marry and have one baby that they apprjrrd-ihepioceedlngsOrfice- rs 