The Bights of the Women cf Zion, and tho Eights of th Katies. Women of ai!' .."X HELEN AND VI RGINIA.. DESULTORY MEMORIES My friend, when onco you: aBkcd of..mo. My reason for tho troth I bear, . I answered briefly, for my gift I not In language as with mn " . hVCT,y reflective person Tliaslimesof tion. -t- And bo unsatisfied, I turn Tcanswer further .ono who seems v Inclined impartially to" hear Tho weaker Bide, and to receive Such truth therein she may discern Any our Church taught and believed. i . And our's requirements and restraints Are, while its precepts wo pursue, Beyond tho strength of even Saints. And that 'tis better far to keep The "golden rule" on every hand, Leaving tho rest to our dear Lord, Avoiding thus all cause of strife, Attaining sa through all our land-A- n onward inarch of peaceful life." i-l- if " J)t . . Not seed of promise, bud or bloom, Taken with hopes and anxious fears, Lest it prove thorncd and barren trc, And life's long labor spent in vain; This is tho fruit, after long years, The fruit we'vo wrought In faith to gain. Not that wo lacked tho "corner stone," Whereby to bnUd, or rule to guide; Each epirit knew by Inward sight Tho system's truth, Its course and goal; And gathered close or scattered wide. Labored as one harmonious whole. . , - - know-ledge,-b- old-tim- Z - . d .. old-fashion- new-fangle- ' and helps in softening, intuition are subduing and polishing the manners, the cus-toand the hearts of the masses of the people in the world we inhabit. No festival or entertainment is ever perfect without woman's help; it is her prerogative to . embellish, adorn ' and beautify, and in all the pictures memory portrays, she is ever ther the i sister, the nen t feature. Tne.l-mfriend, the one who could enter into .all the griefs of our childhood, wa3 a woman. Yet she i3 not perfect in and of herself, but associated with man, the ?t wo forming one perfect-wh- ole, how complete do we find the arrange ment of the divine Creator. The departure of the old year and the usher ing in of the new, is apt to awaken some of those tender phases of feeling that aro spoken -of as sentimentality, often in a careless manner; but there is always a lesson in', these recur- - ; rencei, and there are those who mark such Auiht Em. VOICE. WOMAN'S s ms : d :,.. - . all-aid- e, " M " ut . " especially that this refinement oi culture is expected .: Her gentlen ess, her am iabili ty, her will do this mighty work ? Not men of war in war's array, hat gentler ones who armor bear Against all selfishness of heart; Of these I weave my rhyme y Women who bear an honorea pan. AVffTHA JOTCX C5CTO03r. to-da- superabundance of fine feeling without judgement, or principle; but tcf be kind, gentle, tender and considerate, and educate the heart and affections epually with the head and hands. It is well to reason and to be practical, it is xommendable to dig deep for scientific there must be a balance of spiritual force and human affection' or wre should have a race of sages and savan without that love and. reverence that purifies aud sanctifies joys and sorrow3,'and draws mankind closer together in bonds of universal brotherhood."' Then let us customs that encourage keep up the and coming together exchanging courtesies and kindnesses, that our children may look back to as . the holidays and annual festivities "with much pleasure'and satisfaction, as we do now to the good old times when we Were young and -- with brightest hopes alLthing3 seemed-gilde- d in rainbow hues. How'fondly we recall childhood's memories; the old7homestead, the niea- dow3 and ?rovesrthe sinerincr birds, thewal--' j low's 'twitter, the lark's hih note, the mourn- -- trout, in the .. ful whippQiiirwill;..lhe-pecklclittle brook near 'the old home, ihat: sailed-alons- r the babbiins: water. Was anything ever so taity a3 the--e Httlo fish? the berries with which our fingers were often stained, and the autumn nuts, gathered in the dear old woods and stowed away in the attics and garrets, to he brought but in the winter evenings, when the w:ork was all put aside and we ate apples, cracked nut--, and, sometimes, though perhaps we ought not t ) tell it, the old folks drank sweet cider. Can we ever forget these creature comforts? No! Neither should we, they help make up the.sum of human happiness, and we are better, if not wiser; for sueh pastimes and enjoyments around the fireside with those, who love U3 and can appreciate our feelings. To eat together cement friendship and the custom of inviting our- - friends to partake :our way,, hospitality ia the good without too much style and ceremony, should notions of not be cast :iside fijr fashionable dinner parties." formal calh and women more lpromote- advancement.'ItJsfrom - All, for tho few tares found therein. This is our work: to root from earth Evils that have for ages epreftd; And not by words alone, by works That shall bo felt the whole world through, Till vanquished sin with bending head 1,j Yields unto Truth the honor due. -- And who oft-time- -- So if I answer yon by way narrative culled from tho lives Of those whom I have known for years, Accept tho picture, you will see Of "Mormon" maidens, mothers, wives, In proof of what we claim to be. If In this garden you should find Fruit all unworthy of its name, Remember, e'en in Eden grew A thing of evil, bringing sin, Where all was pure; nor choose toblamo -- , For In tho kingdom there's a place, A,name and work for every one, According to tho talent lent . By tho great Master over all, Who notes tho humblest eervlco dono In answer to His holy call. i unaccountable, or from- certain surroundings. Floods of remembrances rush in as it were unbidden, and burst asunder the barriers timF has thrown up between U3 and the scenes of ' earlier life: all at once'" rivers of Ihn'ncrht. flow over the soul and almost bury the present for the time bein?. so absorbing U thwmrtinn carrying us back to other davs.- Yividlv thn galleries in memory's hall stand out in bold relief and we recognise here;, and there the familiar iiaces' and forms of those we loved, ; - and recall the associations connected with them which had been almost forgotten, in the whirlpool of busy everyday life, that swallows up - so completely 'our thoughts and energies, while actively engaged in the occpations that bring U3 in close contact with the people among whom we live. It is right to a certain extent to be thu3 engaged in the present, and in looking forward to the future; and yet it is well to pause now and then in retrospective reverie for the mind needs rest and recreation. The present demands attention, the future, is calling" for,, action. These are ; facts with ;which we are all acquainted, but to revel occas sionally in the realms of the past, is like sweet music heard in dreams, that thrills the senses when we awaken, and imparts pleasurable sensations, that word scan never express.: There is a pathos in memory hallowed and. sanctified, that is always elevating; and to be able to call up from within, pictures taken from incidents that actually transpired, is better than to create air castles for the fu- ture, that are not possible of fulfillment.' If ryou askrine why? I answer because it cultivates the heart Only those who are capable of intense affection, the highest enjoyment, or the keenest suffering,-cafully appreciate what it i3 to traverse memory's halls and search out the beauty of that which has departed. To cultivate the graces of human life and bring into exercise the finest faculties we possess, is to breathe a higher atmosphere, which will develop the broadest phase of character, that will search out the truth and the light, and find a mantle of charity; to cover the weak- .nesses of those less favored with conditions to - To rise and work, not lit and wait, Such well meant counsel does not fit Our cause and time on this world's stager The field is wide, tho hour is late, And none must loiter who engage. Tt matters not what calls forth tenderness, it is always a bless- "". ing. To be indifferent and callous to all things, is to mar instead of raaketcharaten not that.W5Esheldi way's -- !3e - carried P4tway3jy-our; - For us who know we havo been called f raDgpiregpreculinr- - It has been argued, theories, I medita These may occur from some event that - Accu8tomedf,throagh theiriircs to share Conflicts In pnlplt or by peni Flowerer plausible to view, Fail when brought into daily life, day3 as epochs in their "lives. I have taken much interest in que:tion3 asked by Mrs. Scott, and Jshe seems to mo a dear friend, although I have never seen her face or heard her voice. I see from her letters that her mind has been exercised in many instances the same a3 my own was once. I have been waiting to learn what the sisters who answer would say to her,, for they sometimes express my feelings better than I can do what the Ct;:maissioners did ? myself. She a.-Well, I consider they did well. They did what hand is over all the Lord permitted, and a:s his ' his works, wo have nothing to . fear, but trust implicitly in Him. Those men and women that because they had ac were not allowed cepted the doctrme of plural marriage, know . that they JireZ excused becajisef IjmI11: cepted a higher law. Yet- we had four thousand vote3 more than the previous year. They were more honorable than the Governor, be ks to-vot- e - . . 