vv r Ell - The Bights .sf the Women of Zioaf and the Eights of the Women of all Natioii- - No. 5. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH AUGUST 1,,1883. Jit pu t the tea kettle over, LOVINGLY ADDRESSED To iSrsTKii Marinda Hyde ox HR day July, 1883. BIRTH- - cider-down- : . . SPIRIT OF SONG INSPIRE ME. BY M. ' J. T. Sweet spirit of song inspire me, Lend me thy magical lay; Children are crying and tire me; Why dost thou linger away? Spirit of sopg stay near me, , ' And wait till the supper is through; My heart is sighing to hear thee, But how there is so much to do. My mind is confused with tho hurry; My head like a cart wheel goes 'round There is nothing but labor and worry v -- In woman's whole life to bo found. There's knitting, and darnings and sewing, 0, And cooking and washing, I trow ; A hundred things more that need doin And baby is king, you all know. ""SpiritsjXamjcary. With cares that I cannot evade; , . r The weather is cheerless and dreary, And this the first rhyme I hare mder Come to my aid, I implore thee,- - ' Unto my sorrow give ear; Clouds that areloomlng before ma ' ' Fly when thy presence Is near. olly is dusting the parlor, And. Jennie is making the' fire5 v. - the fair, and bring your bench and let us see You can find in the Scripture where it say3 you, can make a vessel to honor or dishonor. But I hope my dear young friends may grow up to manhood vesir sels of honor in the. Kingdom Heavenly Father. I should like also to tell the boys how to make felt hats if I do not make Two of my own my article too" long. brothers and two brothers-in-lawere hatters, and my trade was to trim them. I worked at it in the States and here in the city. I trimmed hats for Brother Heywobd and my brother. I think a trade is a good help for either sex, by this means I helped to support myself and children while my husband was on his various missions sounding the Gospel trump to the nations. I have wandered from; my subject 1 wa3 going to tell how hats were, how it is made. - - - , , ! ' . Now, little boys, would you not like to make dishes in this easy way; you could sit all day. a t- - y ou r work an d onii- - g tLoJLy mir-se- atl wh e Wished to place it upon the board to dry. You must get your father to assist you in learning to make those little things, and bring them to -- .Thercareeme lives that should bo told." By pen that's .dipt in liquid gold ! Not that they, wore aft earthly crown, ; Or slept on beds of Not that thoy robed In royal sheen, Or Loro tho title of a queen To whom grand courtiers lcnd tho "knee,. And kiss the hand in fealty. All this is well, if good and true, But such were not within tho view I had, when In these opening lines , I wished for gold to trace my rbyraeE. 'A fornTthat God himself has blest Before my mental xkion prcst; ' It bears the index of a soul Formed and sustained by God's control; And by that aid Has passed life's sunshine and its. shade, And both hare left their well known trace ' Upon the form and on the face. But naught Its beauty could destroy, 'Twas made the brighter by alloy? Yes, Lady, all that I can say Shall but enlarge thy wreath of bay. A humble offering 'tis I bring, A humble-aoagn-y heart doth eing, And foDdly lay them at your feet On this your natal day to greet Ton with a Bister's faithful smile; Who feels to bless you all the while, And pray you many days may see That brings Nativity to thee ! And rest assured had I the power z Fd renovate yolTfram this hou r.i17 I ask your life prolonged may be Your children's children's children see" .. Aud health aud plenty still bo thine" And God bo with theo, 6ister mine ! Accept tho birthday song slug;. Your loving sister It. T. King. .Hannah TV Kisc Salt Lake City. hand, without a' pattern. And then to my room I'll retire. : First I must tend to tba baby And wash little Tommy's sweet face; Susie has got her dre6s dirty, And Jack, has been running a race. Sister came oter this morning, And wondered what made me so "blue;" . Cook left last night without warning, And what is a lody to do? ' ' - There's a limit to every endeavor; No matter how hard we may try, Unless 'we are watching we neyer Can tell how the time passes by. ' Spirit of song, you are glowing, ' And often my bosom inspire; Tho rest to their slumbers are going, And I to my bed must retire. f, of-the- w 1 ; TO MY LITTLE BROTHERS. Now I do not know of anything- that rdeases me more than reading: about the "Children's Fair" in the Exponent, and I feel like praising them for their noble efforts of industry, although I am behind time in so doing, but I have not lorgotten what I have read about their I i ttle specified articles. Methinks I see their little finrrers turniner and trvinc to fit everything to its place, and their young minds active in forming something new: for each coming fair.7 How nice and good this is of them to respond to the call of those who are trying to teach them the principles of industry. Da not one of you little boys and girl3 neglect to take an active part in each coming fair where you live, you can all do something. I will make a few suggestions to awaken a interest" at -- in boys while young. learnrngtrades7 and-thHave any of you made pottery-ware- ? Little and for cups, plates, saucers, pitchers your jars little sisters to, put in their play houses. -- Now, I will try to tell you how to make pottery ware, if I have not forgotten the process. My father was a potter, and when I was a child I have stood by and looked on to see the lump of useless clay made into things of all shapes and kinds for domestic, use. Our loaf sugar was first made in clay molds of various sizes, these I have seen made and warehouses full of them before shipment. Thousands of dollars have been made by their manufacture. I promised to tell how these things were made, we will work on a small scale. Get some good clay, make it fine by hammering it on a board with a mallet; make a bench a yard long and a half yard wide, with a hole in the centre to place an upright through, on this put a wheel there must be something at the. bottom f)lat, a small spinning wheel arrangement to move the wheel around with the feet. Make a highT stool to sit on, put a basin of water on tW bench to wet your hands and the clay, have a piece of thin wire, put a piece of clay the size of an orange on the wheel, wet - . the clayjind3vheel-beforo-putting-iton,-wet-yo- ur hands, now turn the wheel quickly, put both hands around the clay and form it bulging in the middle, place your finger in tho centre to "make a hole, then use both hands to draw out until your flower pot is made, take the wire with both hands and carry it under the pot, this cuts it off the wheel, place it on a board toltiffen and dry, bake it in an oven. The potter can make any shaped vessel out of clay on the wheel when in motion with his madef . -b- " ' - . Heat a kettle full of water. .Take a smooth oard-and nail-it-o- n a-et- make-th- e and, . two" front legs shortest so that, the water can run ihto the kettle, make a proper heighFto stand by. Get skins of animals and pluck out the coarse hair, put this by itself, then pluck out the fine, using a knife for this purpose. Take the coarse and dip in the hot water, it will ; begin to cling and pull together, then commence to stretch and roll the piece up, freely dipping in the .hot water, stretch tho cloth ' in a round piece, make a round block of wood large enough for a doll's hat, while wet pull it over the block" and leave a piece for the brim, turn down with the block inside with the brini on the board, and let it dry in shape. You can leave it the natural color or. dye it black. This is what is called the fulling process. Now try, boys, and make a doll's hat for the fair. To be continued to the little girls.- - Mary Ann Pratt. Madame Rudersdorff, who recently died, was a most entertaining woman, in addition to being a thorough - musician. The stories of her life are full of interest. She was a great favorite with the Princess Royal of England, who is" now. the Crown Princess of Prussia. Shortly after the marriage of the Princess, JMadame Rudersdorff sang at a Court concert at Berlin, and was invited by the Crown Princess to breakfast with her. They breakfasted Jogether informally, and, afterwards madame sang several songs of Handel's theTrin cess's favorite composer, her Royal hostess playing her accompaniments. After a while the Princess proposed a visit to the nursery. As madame was sitting on the her watch chain, another hanging over her shoulder, and the babyJnherarmsrthe-doo- r openedTand the" Cro wn Prince walked'inrhd Prineis Tr6e and introduced her. visitor. Madame looked pp, and, with her ready tact and wit, said, "Your Royal Highness, I must either disregard Court etiquette or drop the baby?' The Prince bowed courteously, and said, with a smile' 'Do what you like with etiquette, but regard the . floorjjvitlLDne-child--plftyingwithrthehams"- of -- Uhj'Setechd , 