W O TWK.HTj' A N r8 EX H O N E NT. mind, XrAh xti itA tHht f iIIsj ffnVJnjoTyea' In endless night Vht lack i)t wisdom's lamp lathed Wet mighty halo round their head 1 Udoci ia thought, in speech, In act, itr ife a fi .t! Sxj. iwnke-iueet..All this you'll need, my youthful friend, Until life's warfare has an end ! inilTHI)AYODHKSS. - M ?qt 'NK, TAHnj a 7i5 I have a ton mm tn -- the new and everlaftin? covenant, and I looked upon it as a great hhmnz to be thus honored. ". And brought again your natal day; And ended all minority iy Ubhcrlng In majority- Tho roIHng'yoars of llfo havo run And brought you up to twenty-one- ! 3o now you enter life's great mart, wnere me nrsi norae Heler C. Kimball built in the valley was situated. V It was very comfortable compared wun wnat; we' naa oeen acu3tomea to since. leaving our homes. It was there my sou Joseph was born, and I W2S so anxious thai TTiirxv-nrrn- y 1 ta May heaven hold you by the hand, - . That firm and faithful you may stand, .. Ills son, Ills soldier, scrvaut, prittt; Then In each one you will be blest; ' And ma) this day return each year "Laden with joys your heart to cheer, And friends and dear ones round you be, Such are the prayers I pray for thee. 7 -the I now tribute Accept send, From one who Is your faithful friend. . he should grow up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord that I . prayed continually that I might have wisdom to teach him those things that would be for his highest good, that he might grow up to be an honor and a ing in the Kingdom of God. I know now c that my prayers were heard, and I feel that the Lord has been very merciful to me. and that though many of my sons were taken away wnen young, yet tnis one nas Deen spared to ; me, and in my old age he A3 my stay and com-- . fort, and I expect he will assist me in my work for the dead in the Temnlps of thp. Trrl Hp' grew to manhood under Gospel influence, for I never lost sight oi the promise 1 had made to the Lord to train him un to do His bidding I have had more joy, more comfort and more satisfaction in this one son, who was born in this celestial order of marriage in the new and everlasting covenant, than in all the other children I have borne. He is to mean Isaac indeed, and I feel to thank God that He gave me so good and so noble a gift, and I acknowledge His hand in all my trials and afflictions, and realize that He has guided me safely through, and that in ,mv declining vears I am reaping the reward promised to the obedieut and those who keep the eommandments of God without murmuring, and who endure persecu tion through evil report as well as good." . aaramon'd to play your allotted part; And not in domino to play It, But la your proper self essay It ! And truly you have well beg "a u The raco of life, yes, well you've 'ran. You have been blest with parcntB "kind, Who've wisely trained your heart and mind, Arid taught you how you might attain That wisdom, which 'tis wealth And God has had His eye on you, And dally watches all you do; Lie ever passive in Ills hands, . Obeying all Ills wiso commands; ; to Him brain and heart Present your To hare, to hold them free from sin; To strengthen, fertilize, and make Them quick to bend, but never break . 1 Hajoutj T. Salt Lake Qity. KlN'tt. to-gal- A VENERABLE WOMAN. PKLSENDIA ' r You've entered by the Gospel door, As Christ, your Savior, did before, And now you may expect to meet Not always roses at your feet .. rose For e'en the beauteous, gorgeous Finds on Its stem there ever grows and round it thick Thorns clustered sharp , A symbol of the light and dark; To good and bad comes joy and woe, A chequered life to all below; But to a Saint of Latter-day- s The snnshine comes in many ways; E'en in the storm there shines a beam, A rainbow, with Its prism gleam I That comes so straight from God's bright throne It makes Its brightness all our own. : Tue" Rod of Iron," grasp it tight, 'Twill pot temptations all to flight; " Shut ears and eyes when such shall find you And bid the Tempter get behind you ! Whatever shape be may appear In, lie does not always make ns fear him, But as an angel fair and bright He puts onr vigilance to flight. - softly in a proep'rous day, r In Sol's meridian burning ray The shadow of a "Rock" we need, And 'twill be there In very deed If we will keep our, heart and eyo Upon tho "Polestar" of the sky, That star so fixed will ne'er decline, But In thedarkost night will shine Upon each SAint of Latter-day- s Through all the devious means and ways That often as a net is thrown Around the feet of Heaven's own ! And every Saint must Burely meet . These serpent colls around their feet; But silence keep the fervent prayer -- "Will disentangle every snare; And when 'tis past In looking back Along the woeful, dreary track, In heart and soul you'll kiss the rod And say, "I sec the hand of God ! ' And He It was who bore me up JVValk Yes, God was with me, now I know, Or I had sunk beneath that woe I I rise from all a stronger man, And heaven's programme I can scan; I'm wiser than 1 was before, My mind Is stronger than of yore; " I feel, and see, and know I am A" wiser and a better man ! " not pictured blissful days, You'll meet them, sure, lnmaoy ways; Thero's much of good in store for you If you are wise in all you do; Pray, pray for wisdom ! may It be TJie one great glfthestowedrorr thee! Continued. ' The board of healfh was indeed just jwhat' the name indicated and even ,, to this day the rgoodTeluIts ot" the methods Dr. Richards taught are evident. They have never been Forgotten by those who had the opportunity of receiving direct fromhirn some ideas of the knovyeldge and experience he had gained by means of a long and successful practice, and also "through" giving heed to the suggestive whisperings of the spirit and the exercise of faith in God. Lie was an Apostle,' holding the holy priesthood, with power to administer in all the ordinances of the same, and be was not .only willing but anxious to help forward all who desired to become acquainted wtth the principles he so well understood. He realized that the gift of healing was a power, especially when combined with works adapted to the circumstances of the case, and he felt that it was 'quite necessary that- thosePho officiated ; among the sick, especially midwives, ought to have all the blessings that could bo conferred upon them by those holding the keys of the priesthood of God upon the earth. . Accordingly he laid his hands upon the heads of a number of the sisters Avho had d themselves to act as mid wives and also administering to the sick and afflicted and set them apart for this very office and calling,and blest them with power to officiate in that as iTiandmaids of the Lord. Among the number set apart at that time Sister. Pres-endi- a was one who received the blessing, and from that day to this she ha3 realized the power and influence it conferred in her daily administerings, not only when she has been called upon to act asa midwife, but when washing and anointing amd blessing tliesisters There were other sisters set apart and blest at the same time, among, whom were' Sisters Elizabeth Ann Whitney, Laura Pitkin Kimball, who were set apart to administer to the nsickr They appreciated this blessing for they had implicit faith in the power of the priesthood. V Sister Presendia says 'Sometime in the fall of 1851 I was in delicate health and was obliged to retire from the duties of the Endowment House which had been so . beneficial td me, though" I still felt the blessings I had received therein accompanied me to my home and in the daily routine of daily life. I was so happy I scarcely knew how to be thankful enough for the blessings God, had . bestowed upon me, and I rejoiced by day and by night and looked forward like Elizabeth of old to the time of ray deliverance." "On December 22,1851,my son Joseph Smith Kimball was born. He was like an Isaac of old to me." I"had been favored of the Lord to -- 1 - - LATIIUOP KIMBALL. - . GLEN WOOD PRIMARY. We held our first Primary Stake Fair for Sevier Stake at Richfield, September 13, and as far as the articles shown by the children were concerned, they were excellent, but the hall was scarcely large enough for such a display. To enumerate all would take up too comuch space. It consisted of fancy-wor- k, ecoons, knitting, home spun yarn, done by somvery small girls, patchwork, sewing, hair work, mottoes, photography, crochet, wagons, rakes, tables, cupboards, cradles, shovels, forks, corrals, with cows, pigs, etc., spades, marbles, dishes, vegetables of all descriptions, bread, pies, cakes, pickles, preserves, cheese, butter, canned fruit, catsup, etc, etc. All was excellent,, and deserving of great praise, but we could not help admiring very much a miniature threshing machine, made by Lewis Baker,; ncrpd 13 nr 14 tvlm JirJtPf? enmn nrlipaf eVinw- ing that it really worked, also Brother Bean's Chloe. of residence, made bv his daughter q j and cardboard and paper, a bridle made by a young boy, also. a fall leaf table by Joseph y Harne and many other articles. We visited the Primaries lately and find them much improved to what they were two ' years ago. Ever praying for the welfare of We remain, Ziou, r pre-pare- ca-paci- ty - . , y ...... , . -- - note-worth- rt T Louisiana Heppler, President, Puocbe PiERCJjecretary Dr. Lucy Hall, of Massachusetts Woman's Prison , said, at the couclusion of a carefully prepared paper, at the Social Science Associa- tion, the other day: "Nowhere is there an active work of reform more needed than among the mill population of our State. Those who, know only what were the social conditions there twenty or thirty years ago can form but joxl imperfect -- idea-- of the-deprav- ity and dis-- " order which now prevail in these localities." ; 