Jho Bights of the Weises'cf flm" VOL. 11. Eights of tho W SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAItCH MISUNDERSTOOD. -!- i 4- KM-l-J-.a(iK 1 At Tfce heart kemonstiunce. - its own bitter and a stranger comprchcndcth it not." fcauwelU :: 1883; l, in more nimble fashion thm th y ie ceiling. 7 -- The Italian painters have ample room accorded them at the Belvedere, the Venetians X Naiw r.f all . No. i9r . - longing to em'perora-an- d knights,' kings and counts, whose lives have been in some- - way identified with the history of Austria. The Imperial Arsenal in the old part of tne -- largest "?inS Lilian seem the city contains a splendid armory. Several place. Tintoretto and cordial friends 03 you thousand men are constantly employed here.' meet them just beyond the th rpcVinlrl How. can a stranger In their griefs take part, tem are engaged. in manufacturing .IVbpsc rcatcEt.troatIc can Lc least explained? beautiful 'jConception with which the Austrian soldiers of arms, How can a.strangcr soothe the acbiiig heart, and Bonifacio's "Mnrlnnrio" TnA cfr,nn jtcdayopetolmakewtrxeir-iiames--as famous tire Whose Borrows must be silently sustained:' one tor as their one if ancestors did in the days which are day's pleasure, were only at liberty., to take these wonderful How can the sensitive, the fond, the true The walls the of gone. . great court of theTo whom the waves or woe full often come thmgs in 'some homcepathic way, instead oflij armory are, .festooned with the huge chain crow uing one which Solyman the Magnificent caused the Strip their loved idols for the public view, grand thing upon another, 1. i and then packing the day's i T,..1. wiiu Or tell tho griefs, whose weight doth make them .i ti unuer... mm 10 inrow experience into across lurjis iuugnt our minds after the manner that we put . dumb? the Danube at Buda. Among the treasures of all we can into eur trunks for transportation. this arsenal may be seen the armor of Sobieskiv ' Ob! who can understand their keenest woe, Rubens holds a --and a coat wro,rn large place in this larrm Whose love or pride must needs withhold tho key? the1 and battle the of Lutzen. A standard captured from The links of life are complicated so, Loyolo" r galleryrIisIgnatius ' Mohammed IV, by Sobieski, during the depreaching of St. Francis Xavier are thought That truest lives oft seem a mystery. by critics to be among the finest of his fence of Vienna, is one of the curiosities. Uncomprehended, often disapproved, works. Never did a city so stimulate one to active Brave, sterling souls such The Lower Belvedere is a separate build-- l efforts to. secure its sights and shows, and in no Alike by censure or by praise unmoved from" little distance standing quite a place haslhejweatherbeen a greater detriment Upward they climb beneath, theirload of care. the picture gallery. In the lower building to the desires of our heart than here. If one ot deigning e'en to cast their burdens down, are gathered antiques the Egyptian antiquicould imbibe through fhe jJores anything but Lest on more helpless ones the load should fall; ties and the famous Arabras collection. The colds, rheumatism malaria, here would seem Thus they endure tho censure or tho frown to be the place for such an accomplishment. collected Of those at ease who claim to know it all. by Archduke Ferdinand of the Tyrol, and Eye3 and ears do hot take in enough at a time him Hail!, Dauntless hearts, too proud to e'en disclose of what we find here to satisfy our thirst for in Schloss Ainbras, the old placed by castle on the Mittelgeberge, near Innsbruck, Your griefs to those who comprehend them not; what we know is in this city. The value of Still struggle upward, for your Father knows made memorable as the home of Philippina, its collections is a constantjmatter of surprise The bitterness of each appointed lot. to us. Its educational matitations are well : the beautiful daughter of a banker of endowed, and number among them a universiAugsburg, whom the Count of Tyrol married Still struggle upward, for the gates of heaven for Jove,much to the displeasure of the ty, an academy of fine arts, a polytechnic in TTo snfferlngouls are near, and open wide; stitution, a school of astronomy, and a con aristocratic old Emperor." Through pain made perfect, are tho noblest, even The valuable relics of the grand battles servatory of music In , hospitals asylumsr wasonr Captain, 3xrist tho Craclfiedl and benevolent institutions, few, if any, cities which and knights of the days .are very . EILT IIlIX WOODMASSEE. :. Salt Lake City. : can outrank this Austrian capital. Its libra-- , far cone into the past, were ta ken . to ., ' ries are well filled with valuable books, its Vienna in 1856V much to the indignation schools are full, and beggars are seldom if ever THE ART ' GALLERIES AND MUof the people of Innsbruck , and the Tyrol, seen in its streets. Its population seems cheerwho felt they 'were the rightful custodians SEUMS OF VIENNA. and- - club- of these treasures. The equestrian portion - ful, and happy. Its coffee-housrooms find abundant customers. Its theatres is artietilarly-Taluable7and of great inter-e- st Vienna isnitselfarstorehouse filledare never without patronage nor its promenades with the treasures gathered by . the patience to the student of history. Seme of it without pedestrians, when the weather will and industry of many generations. The belonged to the Hapsburg family; a part of exercise. Ruth Random, admit of it antedates their reign, while many of the Upper Belvedere contains one of the finest galleriL in American Sentry. es of pictures in Europe. The arrangement is articles are trophies of their prowess in sabres and swords are battle. Fire-armexcellent. The saloons in which the different schools of painting are placed are University Education For Women. gathered in one department. Valuable speciThe examiners of the Royal University of mens of embroidery on sacerdotal robe3 fill readily found. Each picture is distinctly Ireland have recommended the names of nine marked with the artist's name and the. quite a space. The old heroes of the past do not seem so very far away when you jwomenicandidates for the first university exdate of it3 execution. This simple, yet ladies passed amination in arts.- - Forty-on- e definite,, disposition of the paintings is a may stretch out your hand" and touch their battle-axe of the matriculation examination: A very imgarments or their weapons. The great satisfaction to the tourist, whether his time be limited or not. The ease with Montezuma, and the quiver of Kara Mustaph , portant step has been taken recently at Queen's would quicken the blood of the most stolid. College, Belfast, Ireland. A memorial was which the. particular object sought can be Ancient vases, bronzes, metallic vessels and presented lately by the Belfast Ladies, Institute -found, enhances "very much one's enjoyment make to the President and Council of the Queen's curiosities found in the Tyrol, goto fa- of it. These large galleries College, asking that certain of the advanced up the sum of this most interesting and valutiguing. The greater our interest, the or honor classes should be opened to those able collection. Portraits of the notables of - greater our weariness. The pictures, if old, including the beautiful -- Philippina and young ladies who have passed the matricarefully examined, - tax the mental powers, culation examination of the Royal University, the Archduke Ferdinand, adorn the walls. and the eyes, more than all things else. under such conditions as may seem best to The effort to follow the artist's mind into Austrians and Germans have no lack of ma- them. The following resolution was -- passed ideal regions, catch in some measure hia terial wherewith to stock a museum of weapat the meeting of the Council afterwards: ons. We of a younger country, which as inspiration, and follow out the details of "That the Council ij disposed to sanction the his thought, as it stands on the canvas yet has had no time for avoidable disputes admission of women to certain classes in the before one, glowing in the colors placed and battles, are being continually surprised by. colleger" if arrangements: of a satisfactory these warlike chroniclers of the fighting past there" by ".the hand of genius, must always be exhaustive to the mind of ordinary of Europe. We find page after page ol his- - . character can be made, and if it is found that a sufficient number of x women - are mortal. .,, tory in simple contemplation of these articles. desirous of availing themselves of theprivi- - , The Waffen Museum, one of the finest buildWhen the colors grow dim to our morlege." There is litUe doubtthat this changes-i- s tal eyesand -- thetorief-they ings in the cityr is a rich combination ef arejntended due to the altered position of the Queen's an3" Romanesque stylesT" to tell"' 'seem incomprehensible or confused, College, which" is now connected with the bule and staircase are more than ordinarily we leave them for a time, and go away Royal University, which admits women, instead fine. This structure isp set aside for the imand find to the more quiet colorless marble, of with the old Queen's University, which ex rl a partial rest for relief perial collection of weapons, a large and ins cluded them. tells its -- 1 assortment of armor and arms be- &e 1 iv- - like :xa-yecch- - 3JS sos -- an-en- - .1 : ; . . . weighty-crosses-Le- Ti- lli ! t i ar; . -- - jr treasures-fouadherewererigirxa- lly , ' ; . 1 . . - .. -- es -- -p- - s, out-of-do- or - . . are-alw- ays , - - the-3Iodris- ' h ' i far-ttiA- brain. The statue generally teresting 