i I- t- -- th direction of culture End Wutvolent nU-r- CwjeTt is the 5 th Lie Theatre, March 17th, which "wu repeated in the Bait Late AfcBcinbJy Hall, April pib, was a graad tdeoeis.- The 'xnott .beantifnl tight cue could Jmagloe..wB i wo, huairfed21ltle ciic7iPierB: on the platform j their tweet, freb ycusg volees making barriiDriioaB melody in the matt appro-- " - Evajt Bkbop HH.- Clawsjn and Henry M.cKwn rendered the valuable awlstance, otherwise ladles would hare he re.-- been able to .the map. age all the tage,arrttjgemeati F9fcdmlraU.v Success to the Unity Ciutv &iii may it ctn tlnue to prosper and accomplish gyyj -- -- mt : itkil. r kepokt to : "rT3J Financial repntof the Dexet Hospital from October Gth, lS32, to April G:h, 1SS3, Inclusive. -- October thy lSS2, to balance: cashIg"); $103.20. Receipts daring the six months, - or-de- rt; " cub, $1,815.25; orders, $37.25; groceries, 517.50. Received in fees per patients, cash, SiSS.10; cra cow, 13370(57 uder?, 5270.3-5- ; produce, $33.621;-oTotal, S325.G7. Total cah to date, $1,161.35. Total cash expense, $3,143.63; cash on band, 017.72. Total expense in orders, "produce and grocerief, $129.65$; orders on hand, 32.31. Total expense, cash, orders, etc., $3,573 31 J; average expense per mmtb, $393.55. Fees to physicians, $190.00; matron and helpa, $731.00. Rent for building, $360.00. In addition to the amounts donated in cash, ordersetc., there have been donations of coal, five tons, three stoves, a liberal quantity of wines and brandy, towels, blankets, quilt?, pillow-slip- e and bedding of all kinds. One cow and calf, one pig and quite a number of chickens. One quarter of beef and one of venison and names of the many other useful articles. The ' donors would fill a pamphlet. Of the money given, the Unity Club gave the hrgest amount during the past six months. The Primary Association of the Eleventh Ward gave $11.00. From party in, the Fourteenth "Ward by the Relief Society and Young Ladies Association, $20.00. Donation by Joab Lawrence, $100, at as- - . " New Year's. The people have been liberal and the Executive Board feel encouraged In the'r labors. It Is expected that an annual meeting of the officers and member j of the Deseret Hospital Association will be held on the 12th of May next In the Council House In this city at 2 p.m., to transact business pertaining to the. Association. Respectfully submitted. E. B. Wells, April 6th, Secretary. 1SS3. EDITORIAL NO TE8. J acpartuon ;was painful, and ths entire community d as-"- V iV How thankful we should be, as Litter-da- y baint?, that we are . permitted to live on the earth in this our day, when the words of the prophets of old are being fulfilled every day be. fore our eyes, and that the power of Jehovah is felt cn the earth; for are we not the favored of the Lord? Is He not stretching out his mighty arm for our deliverance? Should we not be proud. of our name and station? What" should be our bearing before the world? - We should not give way to pride and folly, but seek to serve the Lord our God with full purpose of heart; a prayer should be ever oq our lipt. Righteousness and truth should be our motto; seek ever to draw unto Him who has said, I am the Lord thy God." The earth is His and the fulness thereof the cattle on a thousand bills; and we are His Saints; and has H not promiied, fn his own dee time He .would give all to His people, bu t we must live faithful before Him, Saints lnvery deed; shall we deny any principle He has revealed for our exaltation? No, verily, no I for have we not a testimony within our hearts, that every principle Is heaven born; for many years have I lived in plural marriage; as well might you tell me that the sun would stand still at my bidding as tell me Celestial marriage Is not true, it is the grand high school to exaltation in our Father Kingdom, where we shall meet with our Elder Brother, even Je?us Christ, who sitteth on the right hand of God, who has said, "Fear not, little flock, for I have overcome the world." ' There is no happier lot than that of a true Lat Saint. Let us do the part assigned unto us well, that it may be ald unto uf, "Well done, good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord." God bless you dear Ediwho write so good tor, and all your for our dear little paper. B. M. B. Some reports of Societies and of meetings and other matters which are not published will be printed in process of time. The Annual meeting of the Primary Aas3cio- tlon of the Thirteenth Ward will be held in the Thirteenth Ward Assembly Rooms on Friday, April 19tb, at 3 o'clock p.m. Brethren and Sisters interested in these meetings are invited to attend. . Amono other ways in which the"Auerbach Bros, celebrated the wedding of their niece, Miss Meyer, to Mr. Barnett, on Monday, was by" presenting to the Deseret Hospital a check for $50, and wishing the long continued usefulness of that benevolent Institution. ' " s ' . CORRECTION. Dkar Editor: I sent you an obituary of Sister Rozina.Fyers, which was inserted December 1st, please correct.' For Rosina Fyers, born io Denmark, Furs County, please insert Eozina Shepperd dyers, born January 21st, 1329, la the town of Denmark, Lewis County, State of New York; B. Broweu. and oblige your sister in the Gospel, . - OBITUARIES. . ln, She has teen a faithful Latter-daSaint,. and a true member of the Relief Societr ot the Lake Yicxr Ward. She was a lovicij wifo and mother, and leaves, a husband i and eight children and a host of friends to mourn htr y Joss. Relief Society Teachers. Died, at Malad City,. Oneida Co., Idaho Territory, Emily Jane Evans, daughter .of Leonldas Clinton and Margrett "Emma Mecbam, born April 13th, 1S)3, 'at Richvillc, Morgan Co., baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, when eight years old; re: baptize'dbyherown desiro in .1874. Died, March 25th, lS&i of convulsions, being nineteen "years,-"elevemohth6 and six days old. She leaves a loving husband, a little babe of. a few hours, and a large circle of relatives and friends to mourn her loss. All who became aqualntcd with Sister Emily loved irV Jor her amiable, cheerful, and happy disposition. dispersing clouds of gloom with tho merry sunfehine in her loving heart. She was Assistant Secretary to tho Y. L. M. I. A., which she filled with credit; she also took an active part in our ward choir, and filled our hearts with joy in listening to the songs of Zion as they.flowed from her Hps; and thongh wo sympathize with tho bereaved relatives, and acknowledge the hand of God our Eternal Father in all the trials and vicissitudes of life, yet wecan say with the poet, "Dearest sister thou hast left us, a . . And thy loss we deeply feel, Yet 'tis God that has bereft ns, lie can all our sorrows heal. i j "Yet again we hope to sec thee, ; When death's gloomy night has fled, Then on earth with joy to greet thee, Where no bitter tears are shed." ter-da- y been left out 'on account of the real name of the writer not being ; at Lake View, Tooele County, March lh . Richmond, April 4th, 1853. X.o. and daughter of David aid Jane Adamson. Born: Tcbuiry - 11th, - IS tf, in KumfordV Stirlittrhrn:: Scotland. Kmlsrated to Utah with her ! in . Several articles have ' i). C. Shields," . given. ef ieTr4i ves- - fcare4eircTofIEneHd - :r h:eS, co-work- A venerable woman will be continued in our next number. n ex tend. their heartfelt ; sympathies to the herea-rcand pray the'corisolics influence; of the Holy Spirit ;aay bc "with her ia this hour of affiktlon. 'The faneral serrices took place in tbemeetiag houss, where a very large' " scaWym?t to pay. their list, mpects to tlrs drpartedr":" n " joy- uiid' F&tiEfactizjs? each other's )oye asd sorrows for to many years, that a -- A .WOMAXiflJTESTIMOX r 1L 1 t !E-- L prlatepiecefeM gfatalaUpay3ftaV ; ariiiEpiLe 1 '? ike cvrlaEiiiiri; MTpdi SBfiTras'.a ;tif-'3SSlaexstber-iJallLftti Society,; "aid with ibft, w ae recjTwITiriinilllc jshlAns Jlwidpt juiie He has lies Awosdirfnl work Intrainlngthe little ones in the beautiful science of mutic, and he never wearies of his continuous labors in that direction. Mr. Stephens If, without doubt, a geniu, and he composes music with Jhe greatest ease. He has ability and per- severance, and with these he ought to excel in " the rank of composers. .iril conference, X-'1- hasbund on making her to rillmpre, .expeneneeC in from airaidea. hospital, DK3Eiq:r the acSered' severejy. .AOer biil-i- r 1uw Koaguiioe Creek, emigrated to Utah is Lome is Frovo cctii ISiVi, when the moved v berg the bag elnce resides until berdoilsr-Ji- BlXPHESS 172-.: Axse Sawter, St. 'George, of old age, Dicy Ray Perkins, beloved wife'of William: G. Perkins, of St. George, Utah ' Deceased was bom August 12tb, 179C, in Patrick Co., Virginia. Sister Perkins embraced the Gospel in ISiO, In MacDonald, Hancock Co., Illinois. Brother and Sister Perkins emigrated toX'tah in 1S4&, bringing with them , an only danghterwho is living In St. George, and who has ever been devotedly attached to her mother, and her ""constant companion through all tho trying scenes of travels, Journeylngs, and the sorrows of life. 0Aunt Dicy, as she was affectionately styled by her friends both young and old, was one of the most and generous women that ever lived. In sickness ste was an Invaluable friend; thousands In this . city can testify to her devotion in times of., extreme trial, and when sickness and death invaded the homes, Aunt Dicy , was sent for; 6he practiced as a midwife many, many years, and was very sucessful indeed as a practitioner. . Warm hearted and sympathetic In her nature, tender to- Vward all, charitable and, orbfarlng, a Latter-daSaint in every sense of the word Aunt Dicy died full of integrity and rich In the faith of the new and everlastyears six months and ing covenant; aged eighty-severetained her senses till the last twenty one days-S- ho to her daughter Patty, " directions moment, and gave who she would like to have to attend to the last o2S- cea to be performed for her when she was gone. Sister Perkins suffered much for eight weeks in her last illness,-"Blesseaw the dead that die la tha Lord." - Died, in " kind-hearte- d , ... Died, at Fillmore, Febuary 7tb, 1S33, Sister Elizabeth Richmond, danghter of 'William and Mary Green. Born October 2nd, 1S0C, at Lngwardine, Eerefordshirc, England. Became a member of this Church Io 1310. Emigrated to Americg with Apostle Orson Hyde's company, on his return from Jerusalem, ariYing at St. Louis late in tha fall; remained there until Spring, then proceeded to Nauvoo; there aba was married to Thomas Richmond and resided until the cjrrmleionof the Salnti, ia which . y n -- d : 