W OMAN 8 E X PON E N 1 -- Ci:r. zzd will give Santa CUus inenev srarira My sen, I tear Uncle Ralph. can not. get here Santa Claus "Don't 'cry, ir.a,"ii croV doe? cot cezne tevniht he will be Ktter na- tared by New Year's, an d : then he will bring us locKof: present. What a jolly time we will have! Never mind the stocking ma here come? ja!"" and away he ran laughing.to meet -- to-nih- !. te - Msfath Chrii tmas came and passed as - the mother, : had predicted, and no Santa Claus; though. a, ray of hope, had entered her heart from the innocent prattle of her little son, and she looked ee. forward - with j)f pleasure tor the coming of New Year's Eve. The week drag ged slowly by, but at last the welcome sound of Uncle Ralph's "get up George!" to his team was heard. The mother's heart leapt for joy, for it was New Year's Eve. The joyous voice - of her boy was soon heard. r ' "Now, nia, here is Uncle Ralph! Qpme and " j: see if he has brought Santa Clatis." "7 is weary "and will r "My child, your uncle want his supper; we will not trouble him yet." "Oh, ma! just ask him if he has brough Santa Claus. Of course Santa Claus will no come until I am in bed, onlyletjne know." -thinkouTTuncle has 'brought him,Jmt here is your father! ,we will have our supper first, for it is getting late." The little fellow could scarcely eat his jup- -- per he was so excited. J. Said he, "I wonder what I. shall have? I will be a horse and wagon, and marbles; hope-i- t -- how I would like a drum! but Lsuppose Santa CJaus will think I am not big enough. I want lots of candyr--P- a likes candy, don't you pa? What will baby have? A rattle I suppose; he is too little for anything else." And he drew himself up with an air of importance. "A nice dress lor you ma. Oh, dear! I wonder what . -.- J... ;. eke." ; The mother listened with pleasure to the prattle of her little one, hoping yet fearing, while the father looked smilingly on and said but little. "Pa, why don't you talk, don't you think grandpa has sent Santa Claus?" ' "I .hope, my son, he has, for ma's sake and your's. You must not be disapointed if he has not." - v have sent us nothing; not even a lit'The -n ilL I V Crist' I M i li' ilAfaiHivtortne cnuareu. ii wvy w us some tea and sugar and some candy for the satwn.rf-Ralph 1 children I would have-bee- n and Eliza,' the cruel things, sat there and laughed. They knew what I came for, but I could not ask them. Selfish things! I expect thev have plenty for themselves." At this outburst of feeling the, husband said "Do not take on so, Mary, Ralph may have r- -- - : 'Oh, but-- I shalla!-forthey've7goTl- ot3 jof things up there and we have so little here." "I think he has, my son, so go to bed and dream of the horse and wagon." "Yes, ray boy," said the mother, 'go to bed and ma will hang up your stocking; I think it will be full in the morning." After the mother had put her son to bed she crossed the garden - to the: house: of her brolher-indaw- . A rap on the door, and at the sound of "come in" of a country . well-know- ! . place, she entered. "How do you do Ralph? had a pleasant journey.'! - " L "The night is cold, Ralph, wait until morn. ings and I will help you.unload." I do not know about waiting till morninor. ' ' the box is marked M. E. L., I think Mary will want to see her goodies." It was like an electric shock to the mother. She started to her feet and exclaimed, "Oh, Ralph! how could you j be so cruel as not to tell me?" I ask did "You not mef . Mary, so I thought I wouia give you a surprise. T ttT P 11 J, u, lorgive-yor,ajpn, dul it was a very cruel one." In a few minutes the men returned with a box weighing nearly one hundred and fifty pounds; at sight of so large a box the mother's emotions were so great she could hardly control herself; she managed to articulate, "Come in, Ralph, and see what my friends have sent - 1 . ' of-taki- w, : ng -- jru.wm flumoiy-ask-the lord's 1 hungup,land Santa KT 1 Claus never failed to pay his accustomed visit. ' - - ha3 Mr Elizabeth Little. ; . 1 " ' ; -- However early in the morning you Beek thj gate of access, you find it already open: however deep the midnight hourwhen you find yourself in the sudden arms of death, the winged prayer can bring an instant SanoT near James flamiltcTU- . mv axe; a Know you will n ' ' ' Bux-tor- u forg IV- - , uu inn, hh Kn nri vu, natural that y3uiai. would be bitterly dUapnoint- vv. iVn ' "Ma, are you awake?" "Yes, my son." "Did Santa Claus come? Did you see him? May I get up and see?" Before his ma could answer he espied the fi'ill of rlrinTO wiffi ih a ntVr tliino-fnftntrinc around them; he sprang from, his bed with a 7 joyous shout. ".Oh, ma, pa, lookl get up and see what lots of things Santa OIaus. has brought us. I told . .. 9 1,1be better naturea oy iew you- - he would Year's." i The tears came to the mother's eyes, and she 'thought how little those living in afiluence realize the pleasure they could give their friends, who were not so favored, by imparlgotheni a little of their substance. ' Since that time the settlement has gradually developed; other children have been added to that little family; the little stockings have It I -- . . Nothing ao increases reverence for others as teaches one a great 8orrowlto- - one's - selLV-the depths of human nature. In happiness we are shallow and deem others so. Charles "Say no more, John. I am ashamed of my weakness; I feel that have been almost wicked -- ' i - - . been yearly re-lative- to-nig- ftnvthinrr for me." "Nonsense, John, what . does a great fellow like you want of anything; besides, they knew you would get most of the. good things, and to prove it 1 will open this can oi lobsters ana make you a glass . of brandy and water, that you may drink their health, and mine, too, if you like, for I feel very well, thank you." The mother had very little sleep that night. Her heart 'was full of Otratituda- to her Hp.ivenly Father for his goodness, and she humbly asked His forgiveness for her want of faith in i l i i ni f ,i i i rr' . one mm. inougni oi me Kinuness oi ner friends, and prayed that the Lord might bless them through the coming year. -- Then her thoughts wandered to her sleeping boy; how he would clap his hands and shout forjoywhen he saw his presents; and again she thanked the Lord for his goodness. Day was beginning to break, when a little head was raised from the Dillow. and a hushed . ' abode. "Now, Mary, what do yon think of the goodness of the Lord and the kindness of your -- see CJ A 1 -- , J- 9 ' l - r. .;:l:.-:-.i.:-.--;--;- ; "Marv. I feel nuite slicrhted: I do not ' . .' " f VA VV " " ' . -- 7 "Not very pleasant, Mary, but my health is ; very good." , "Did you see my father or brothers? "Well, I did. see your father, I met him in the street and had a little chat with him; I did not see any of the rest, I was so busy I did not "call on them; I wished to get home before the cold weather set in. What going? Oh, noiit down and have a chat by this warm. fire.. New Years Mary; a merry time." ''Not Ralph, I must go home to the children. Good night." The mother got away as quick as possible for fear she would break down. She could RCA rre- ly walk home her disapomtment was so great eu enLereamernusbancl'B lace -fchanged to one of pity, for he saw how greatly she was disappointed, but ho wisely said nothing. She f hrew herself into a chair and burst into tears. : Do-not- . oukof my wagon." preen anDles: these are - for mince pies: no tur key, but a ham instead; jars of preserve, a bot- tie ot brandy and one ot whiskey lor sickness J suppose. Spices ha! ha! as sure as I live a bologne sausage as long as my arm! oh, dear! I do not know how they got, so many let us take any the box. in .... tnings r.-i "ii i or we win nut jiuuw wuere w put more out them." L- . "No, thank you, Mary, you shall have all V the benefit of the surprise yourself, without anyone else to share your pleasure. I wish you much joy of your New Year's gift, and may this be but a foretaste of the good things to come. As it is but a short time till morn- ing l wiii be a little hasty, and wish you a prosperous new year. Good "happy and mgnt. And away he tripped with a merry whistle, feeling satisfied that he had been the means a load from that mother's heart, and of sending a ray of sunshine into that humble I hope you' have . ' US." n and'rice, cans of salmon, lobster and oysters, raisins, currants and candied peel, with a few -- . tobjkJiat,. for- J rA tkq ' small bucket of candy set off with the'glorious flag of our country. How the boy will shout when' he sees them. Here is a trumpet and ttle for baby; lqokl John here .. is tea, sugar - : . or nrl wflcrnn and marblefl he wished 15 to-nigh- t." . -- not yourself "Myself? no! look at that little stocking hanging by theMmney; see that sweet face so smiling and hopeful. I think of the morning, when the little fellow will leap from his bed with a joyous shout to find his stocking, empty empty.. How can we bear the look of that disappointed iacer JL do not care so much lor - ; myself it is for my boy." "I think, Mary, you are mistaken; I fee Ralph has something for you." At; that moment there' was a tap on the door ah.'d a laughing face peeped in, while a cheery voice said, "John, come aud help me lift a box - snoes-i- pretty MM even the LordJ.' so? are talk do generalyou you "Mary, why and of full so thankfulness; you are hope ly rI - ho.w . ''Hush, Mary, your, father and brothers have been very kind to yon. We will not always be as we arenow, this place.is but newly -- :- 1 " I "settled;"" f to cost. that my Why "Yes, John, I'know for us, nor not were we, sent here? nobody-car- es has been here." One two strokes there, it is open. ."Look eyes." first, Mary, I will shut-mhow see! many things. A nice "Oh, John, dress for me, two hoods and sacques for baby "No. I felt too proud to ask him. If he had brought anything he would have said. My friends do not care for me; they have plenty, and so have yours. They are "all alike sel- - -- . ETwiirbe"whcnhe 'finds that Santa Claus him. 7 gome-degr- - sleep until your box is opened; I do not thinV IiTpuld. and of course we must fill the child- ren's stockiogs. : ilow plcajedthoi dear boy TV - r 