WOM AN'S E X P ONENT.1' C. Kimball's, on, City Creek, cailed the adobie row, one Saturday I designed vis jting my 'sis- - Tbcre U a lore that God maj , be But mmt hid from mpxtil eyee, Because It htmUrf sw dtfissir Secauae of eartfr'jVtttnntfS? v many a heart luchloTe hat known, But hid it dose from human view, And unto death to it was true," Its last fond words, my own, my own! " The sorrow that mutt not bo seen, ..When death that hidden treasure etealsr And all that loneliness reveals, And all that's left is what has been! Yes, ' . ottonwood . e, I . -- " (All gone from that poor stricken heart, The watchful eye the ready hand, The woman's heart it must expand And mourn to see it all depart. -- Wisdom, prudence, veneration too, All mingled in that humble friend, : Whoae sole appointment was to tend His queen! for such devotion love was due. ; 4'' her husband, by reflection , he ' Shone Into her heart until lie earned a niche that he himself should fill, That by her gratitude unveiled should be. . : Ye dark brow'd sophists! on your lip Your finger place, till you can tear The scales from off our eyes beware, You hold the balance with a righteous grip! For queenship, who would sigh! to bo Watched and judged, the inner life to scan, And all within the court of erring man! Thou knowest Lord! we wait for thy decree, , l Hasnah '"H "SisWMary A. T3ubbard,wboriiowTesides in Willsrd City, came and staid with me about two months, which was a" great comfort to me. I She had a lovely babe about the' same age as . mine, and it took my attention, and .was a ' great blesiing for tJbe time. After she went I gradually lost my appetite, and grief filled my heart. In the fall my health became " very poor. My sister Zina and-- L went to with our "children to. Brother Bank- head's, to see if the change would be l)eneficial. There I was taken very ill and thought .to be was nigh unto death, my feet' near my end. "were cold, my tongue was stiff in my mouth, I could not speak,yet I was perfectly conscious; a candle in the room looked like the most distant star. It was a log house, and the walls had sunk so that the door could never be opened or closed tight without effort, yet the door -opened by invisible hands in the middle of the night, and my father and Joseph Smith walked s into the room. I knew by that appreciative, spiritual power, which all possess to a certain degree, that they were in the room, and I turned my face to the wall, feeling impressed they had come for me, and that if I should see them, I must go with them. I felt that it i would be too much to leave my little Oliver, my only one now left to me, alone in the world without father or mother, with the burden "of his great sorrow upon him for he mourned !and could notbe wholly --comforted for the loss of his little sister, Brother Bankbead sent for Brother Kimball, hecame and administered to me, and by the power of faith through the and laying on of hands I was healed, and able to return home. Several Elders administered to me at different times. I returned to the city after an absence of a few weeks and soon after my .health failed preceptibly. I went into a kind of decline, which developed dropsy of the heart, and subsequently dropsy of the entire body." the visit and let Oliver, her brother, then 10 years old, take her over to . my sister Zina's for an hour or two, until I could finish doing up my, workrand get ready to go; Sister Zina lived witH President Young's family, in what was known for so many years as the log row. Oliver took the child up in his arms and placed h'er on his shoulder with her big dollJn Iierlarm.i As they passed out of the door she turned her head back to me with such a pleasant smile, it was such a tender good-byand seemed to make an impression - upon me at the: tirae,.. ivertook her to the east end of the row. and she called at everv room and received ad mira- tion from all the. ladies until she reached the dining room, where the family were seated at breakfast, each one speaking to her so kindly and "admiring her loveliness. Brother Young was also at the table, ami kissed her last. Qliver then started towards home with her, Oscar Young and several ot the other boys with him. They crossed City Creek, and Oliver . . sat her down to cut some sticks to make whistles for the boys; it was but a moment, a fatal moment too, he turned around to look and she was not to be found. Her little brother Oliver, she had been intrusted.screamed-- " - and cried out "a red dress." President Young's family heard the confusion, they left the table, and all began the search. ; That portion of the stream that passed Brother Kimball's had just been turned into the other, and disturbed and roiled the water, so that the child could not be ..seen. Elizabeth Culvert Chase jumped into the creek, went down stream two or three rods, and found the child. Meantime, my poor boy Oliver, ran home and told me he could not find her. Instinctively I knew her fate I felt con fident that when Oliver set her down she had turned to go back to Brother Young's, slipped off the slab and fallen in the stream. 1 ran : across the street to Dr. Williams', they brought To be Continued. her in, dead. No one seemed to have any faith that she could be resuscitated, yet did all they could to restore her to life, but the vital spark The Princess Louise has promised to send a had fled. My tongue turned cold in my mouth, number of her paintings to the Foreign ExI felt that I was dying. With the courage of hibition in Boston,- - next October. Ex. a martyr I restrained - my grief, that I might In Omaha, Neb., 90'' saloons pay into the live for my boy, for Oliver's sake. My joy and: treasury 690,000 for license. This is one item hope to which I was looking forward in my old of the liquor question, but what about the age was taken. I thought of what Brother money the State of Nebraska must spend to Joseph had said, "Children I love, and children take care of the paupers and criminals, and I will have." She was taken to my room, as what about the desolated homes and broken we returned Sister Vilate Kimball said, "the hearts, that no amount of money can ever -flower of the flock has gone." atone for. "Everything possible was done to console my is a handsome monument now being son Oliver, but the poor boy could not be comforted; he would retire and sit under the bushes prepared, by command and at the expense of alone for hours. I never blamed him in the the Queen. It is made of Aberdeen granite, and is to be placed over the grave of the late least, he loved her so tenderly, that his heart was rent with anguish too deep for words. John Brown in the parish churchyard of Cra-thi., Messrs MacDonald, Field, and Co., Zina, Lucy and Clara Young prepared her beau--tiful, Aberdeen, are executing the work. It is of a clothing for her burial, and she looked so so lovely. She was buried on the 10th chaste design, the chief ornamentation being the r - Scottish thbtfe on the cornice, which is carved in of May. I tried to smother my excessive grief, -- relief and a border of oak and ivy, j -t 03 it but after dark I visited her, grave day after should be. The inscription is as follows: "This day, and there on the sacred ground gave vent to my sorrow in tears." stone is erected in affectionate and grateful remembrance of J ohn Brown,the devoted and per- - j "A few days previous to the death of my little one Brother Kimball had a curious dream, sonal attendant and the beloved friend of that seemed to be a forshadowing of evil. He Queen Victoria, in whose service he had been dreamed that he saw a serpent carry off one of for 34 years. Born at Crathienaird, December, 7 his children; he went into every house and 1826; died at Windsor Castle, March 27ri883. warned every mother to watch her children 'That friend on whose fidelity you count, that friend given you by circumstances over which carefully. I watched and prayed, and that you have no control, was God's own gift. very morning I asked God to protect my child from accident seen and unseen through thedav; Well done, good and faithful servant; thou hast been faithful over a few thing3, 1 will make but, God knew best. She was innocent, lovely and fair, beautiful to look upon, and waa thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thv Lord." Selected, taken froa the evil to come. . And what is lost to ns alone, None knowing of the prize so held, TheJreasured "castle" struck and felled, Yet none must hear one sigh or groan! City. " re -C- . ialt Lake Caroline Huntington, of the 16th same place-wheipy piesent home . ome - "" e w, U8itUjatalI" tpeak of lore tbat gllmps of be&reo," Because the heart is free ac air, r A aovereiga organ, pure and fair, That God himself to us has given. He served tei-in-la- lW-ard,;.th- I - ' Strange indeed, but the destiny of everyone of the Prophet Joseph's wives, that have had two children born in the new 'and everlasting "While residing in the eld buildings of Heber LORD THOU KNOWEST? - 43 a -- - T. Kino. A VENERABLE WOMAN. ' PRESENDIA LATHROP KIMBALL. It cannot be expected that coming here as the Latter-da- y Saints did, without money and only provided with the barest necessities to eke out an existence, but there would h mnMi None were privation to contend, against. exemDt. The families of Rrmham "Ynnn(7rwl Heber C. Kimball shared , in respects equally with: others. Sister Presendia lived in a very poor home indeed and endured much When her little hardship in consequence. babe was quite small she had to put up an umbrella over them in bed to protect them from"' the thick, muddy water that came down-throu- gh the dirt roofs. Mothers who have little delicate babes sitting in their comfortable parlors or elaborately furnished nurseries, can have little idea of the trials of the mothers in those early days in "the settlement of this valley. Brother Edward Martin --who had a much more comfortable home than Sister Presendia, and seeing how much she had endure wading through the deep snow in the middle of winter to feed and milk her cow, offered her a helping hand, and she spent most of her time at his house where she was made much more comfortable. ' Under all these trials and difficulties Sister Presendia was patient and cheerful, thanking her Father in heaven that He had permitted her to gather with hia people to the Rocky Mountains, jmd also that she had been a mother under the hew and everlasting covenant of marriage. Her little babe grew to be a, most intelligent child. During its infancy she devoted herself to the care and development of this little one exclusively except household duties, always taking her with - Rtr wherever she went. ... tse N . . 1 e. " i- ' . un-dpubted- ly. 