VOMA N S ExroxExr. ra.iys hie ! I aai tai-riye- 62: iMisd-Kaathlj,-l- a- e cojesrr3&-Orca- -- Ters-0ee-eep7 -- "Lake City, fUh costr7EOcJss- - -- . he AN OPINION. " ing forth so ffuchcomment from the press alii over thcTcountry, oujht, In our opinion, to be more fully dlscusted right here at home. Why should the people who settled this valley and made it habitable and desirable be and regarded as criminals, without a trial?- - And why shouli they be thih punished n by being deprived of citizenship for thai dis-franch- hei which-Wfsnota- offence against the law whenthe actual circumstance trmplred, but was cn'y so by the Poland bill cf 1S62. To illustrate let us cite one' case. The person married In 1855, In 1856 the husband died, both were American-borcitizen descended frcm those whote forefathers ff ought for liberty in the struggle for independence. Yet this woman, a widow twenty sevtnears, at the age of Bixty la excluded from the poll s, forsooth, because twenty-seve- n years ago the was a plural wife. One mlzht bring up hundreds of exceptional cases, bat to no (orthe commissioners have, -- dicided that no person whoever has at any time been connected in plaral family relations shall le eligible to register or vote. . Que item mare on ihis subject, here are the wives of HeberC. Kimball, every one of them native-borintelligent womeD, property owners ' made n -- Putpi n, overtak&lhemJiltheybQ found . wiikliJWA-Jive--Vhat-4- a4 Philadelphia and Boston, the mcst noted cities of the ea9t? Wky, theae tourists who come direct from these large cities tell us that women are untrue to their husbands, to their marriage covenants, that rich men have not only a wife, but cne or two mfs tresses. That the young girl or woman that la lad away and seduced from the path3 of virtue is cast oat &nd abandoned; society will not recoguiza her, but the seducer the villian who has deceived, mis led and betrayed her, is receive! in society and his crims only, winkad at, and Madame Grundy allows him to pass muster because "he must sow ' his wild oata." ; Is it becauie of Iha deaire to benefit: &m !a. vate the people that this campaign has been in uagurated against athe Mormons?v Everybody .. .11 Tt is 10 snows lDeiier. it gam possession or tnelr nrorierl v and of the nublio treasarv. To enr !nh politicians and greedy effice seekers from the hard earned profi ts of .the original settlers. And what have the Mormons asked of the government, simply justice, nothing more, or not even-thbut to be left alone. History tells us esEence of. government" and without-i- t all forms of govenment are tyrannies. Where la the jastics or, the Edmund's law, or even" its-conaiaiency, wnea we consider the practices of the world? But even were Congress desirous of crushsng out and destroying the system of plural marriage as bslieyed and practiced by this people; why trample upon the sacred principles of the Constitution by making the In opposition to the very law of ju'ifce. To. condemn and actually punish with judge or Jury cannot eavor o Jaw daclares that even crimima whtn Xastlce, nals shall be tried by a jury of their peers. God has in no way manifested his displeasure at the practice ofnlural marriage in the present day. On the contrary, He has in many ways made known to those who are partakers of his spirit, , that It is by hlmsapproved; In fact He has commanded his servants to enter into this holy order of marriage. It is a matter of sincere re gret to all who comprehend the necessity of ad- -- herlng strictly to the basis when such highhanded oppression, cm be countenanced by the executive administration, knowing that the consequences mu3t be disastrous to the oountry itself, A great writeK has tald, "Constitutions are nsver overthrown ' t,n haTe proaounctd tentenca on i thaia -- ......... .i vi but totuht- u when nitl)V( an 1 s u c- - i - HiMitrx ( ) Illil'ril rt 1 mjVJoI thWl lnVuLvea so t f 'uaij c ttd in 'ltWtlK Brtiluf rftllVious lti rnrrt n ix 1 1 :tjmttrrahairiii& mbr.Uzlni5 ft;J (crruptioB.e.lIecl'. MISS FKANXX ' .K. Wl LLAKU.. Miis Frances K. Willafd, lie ceA rated Lec'It tho Wom'sn'j Ciiristlan turer J P;tM Temperance Uubu ia the United SUttf, visited Bait Lake Lite ( i?y Lbt weik and delivered two of her brilliant and interesting lectures. She Is very pleasing in manner, also in her appearance upon the platform is a la?ytl. at to see 13 to admire; and she i9 no doubt capable nf all 'sheTias iiulTcrrakVrr; eaey sn gractfuT, end "talks a great deal with her hnnd'M.c: gt .s ture3 are something indescribably fascinating. She is doing a mammoth work lu tho temper-- " ance cause. We had the pleasure cf hearing her lecture, entitled, "Mother and Son, or The -Mother and the Boy," which was touching iu the extreme. God speed Miss Wrlllard ln her "workTorlemperance and the ballot. The Union Bignal, published in Chicago, I1I:, and edited by M:s3 WlllardVf later, Is the orgsn cf the W. C. T. U. We are glad cf the opportunity ' .L-u- t cf exchanging with the Union, and ehall givs it favorable notice! Miss Willard has her secretary traveling with hwr, Miss Gordon, of Boston, quite a young person, very intelligent and agreeable, and evidently devoted to the caute of reform. . They are organizing in the principal v cities of the Union, and laying out regular campaign work that must tventuaHy result in efficient and permanent organization?!, In towns and villages as welLas large cities. This i Laudable work for woman and much more creditable than to ba beseeching and entreating Congress, tbe pulpit and the pres3 to take measures to coerco ItJie conIences of a people who are themfcelves engaged in a work of reform broader and more philanthropic than the worli outride have ever undertaken since the days of the Savior and his , i-- - Apostles. LETTER NUMBER TWO. at "jus-licjfl-t- he F retro-activ- e, ele-men- ! Jyi ts . tvtvm that o UglfJiitiun Ooi'tgra niay trty. llowevtr in aotrtht Mormon people can; Hard to abide hit-been- without excuse. The world Is ripe with wickednsss and cor ruptlon. Do these honorable Judges, sent here Jto enforce the Jaw?,, take, any -- measures to 6 up- prcsj Infquity 'and check the growth of vice that No ! JThey are not stalks abroad at noon-day- ? here to interfere with places of this kind, with the whiskey element or disreputable places of any sort, but to put down a religious doctrine an d practice that isnoxlousjtoit bejporld, Jjs cause it is in direct opposition to the practices cf he- the generation In AUGUST 15, 18S3. an out'idei standpoint. The questions now before the public and call- bu widow more thayi tocj .are,' excluded. lav gi'indTlowly, bat they and to there who are fo grinl ixc'cdir gly fl reidy to judge and decide, and to condemn on the tUgbteet. pretext', let theai beware, lest Salt Lake City Utah." following the example of the Federal officials and Commissioners, who profeas to be so deeply interested In the welfare of the territory, but nave "never In aDy way sought to become ac quainted with the people, but judge them from KN T. The mills J u Jgrnent little-outreV-Howev- eri- .N VeraOon cf their present condition, because they were once married In that, to the wcrlJ, de'eata ble order they are forever dooraei, if ni?Ji rnvn are to bear away. J -- The city Is getting a goodly fib are of visiters The gathering cr reunion cf this season. Knights Templar at 8an Francisco has brought numbers ofltlemah and ladles from all parts of the Unit ed States, and Fait Lake City being one if the curiosities of the present day, people ome to tee it as they go to see Mammoth Care or Niagara Falls. The ignorance many of thetri manifest in sjeaking about Mormons is most absurd end ridiculous. For instance, ter walking around the city for hours, to accost a Jjtife girl and Inquire, "could they lee any Mormons?" As if Mormons wer& la a cage, or shut op like 80 many prisoners, when in all probability most of the people they had seen had been Mormons. There are many of theser intelligent, educated and cultured people who Teally'ssem to think Mormons utterly unlike all other folks. Perhaps this is not so very strange as trthey are every where spoken against," bat the fact that whtn they ccma right into the heart cf the city where this : peculiar . pt ople re- - -Bide, that they- - ask -- ft rinf ormation from their enemies rather than: the people themselves fee ma a thev are onlv 0 dead tlx year?, but makes no" dlf erenee, there Ja no exception made In Jl.OOJTes copies for tbe price cf rise- - AdTtrtlsirg-::rtBqru&vtea lines of ranpartll space, ove time, $20: per mont,' $3. 00. A liberal dicoa?t to regular advertisers. Expoxext Office, in trick bqlidln ft nortfr oJLZJCLM---I- ., East Temple Stret. Baaiaees fcoufs'frotn JO a. ra. to 5 p. ia. avary day, except 'Sunday. " Address all business communications to SALT LAKE CITY, yearbnt, XV wnieiv who hJpd to r eclalm these desert It -- Unda, TWii&tod They r. than rtfteen eer K Cleveland, x Ohio, July 31, 18S3. My Dear tiieb: We are ready.and waiting to go to Ktrtland, and I thought as I had a few minutes I would write just a note. Cleveland is beautiful, very, All that John Q. Cannon said of Euclid Avenue is mora than true; I was perfectly charmed with it. There are two rowi of trees on either side of the itreet, and the branches almost touch as you paaa through. Thev residences are grand, they Jiave such immenfexlawns and drives, the largest I have ever seen anywhere. We arrived lait night about eight o'clock; took a "carriage and rode from the depot to Forest CJty Hotel. We were very much fatigued, forx the road from Chicago H very tiresome, arid they do not give you time to get anything eat except a cracker or cake. We were obliged to stop here as we could not get a train t o go on until we have had a splendid time; we went up Euclid Avenue, from there to View Cematery, where President Garfield ia brled -- 1 1 is perfectly lovely-,- si tuated on a side -hIH; we saw his coffin In the vault and the place where hla own tomb is to be. Two sentinels stand guard by his tomb all the time. Lake View Is aLo a very lovely place. , to-da- y; L-ik- a -- Niagara. Anust 8. I did not have time to Falls, finish my letter in 4 ClTeland and so ihall continue it hert, W 