1?Fm3-twentvember- Ler. exhorted-al- i to live near to the Lord -Sgiiii a testimony for themselves. ifter Duke could bear her testimony that A v s. -- forwean APnVlLained from Chicasro; and a 9r ady as a teacher. It is supp.osed that there are 7,000 Scandinavians in SaltLake.City and Vina .and unsigntly on the outside, inus lar 11. for it has anything but proves a riddle to us, iU'.. iui wnn u sn exierior. iuculuj.iuuw ay, ia pretty good testiinduing was this thewoKojjjyur of enables one ,any ono in mony that there is religious tolerance should be willing to remain long in its gloomy esSiaternow-SmitliHhisto- r here Utah. Different religious sects come' vicinity, it puzzles us to divine, yet we are told "I dreamed a dream. Confer-enc- e and -- build up their churches, and seek to is great wealth under the royal. roof. there months. three for adjourned make convents unprevented. The Grosse Garten, which is outside the Caroline Daniels,-SecretarThe autumn leaves are. now donuiog Pima gate, is laid out as a royal park and is array. In the canyons, the beautiful. the favorite drive of the king. It embraces tints are so diversified that one- cannot choose NEPHI PRIMARY. about three hundred acres. It is a most de- between them; they remind one of a bevy of The for afternoon princiriding. lightful spot meet-- , beautiful girls, some' possessing orie';char in and: maradorned is to the by entrance The Nephi Primary Fairheld m the garden pal 'some another, but all wonderfully fascinating 21 and 22, 1883, was largely vases of fine workmanship, having ble ing House on Sept. are the hills and ex. and attractive. ; Not only of the seasons and allegorical figures of attended by admiring visitors.. The air cromountain side3 glorious; in their foliage at this four quarters of the world.. There are hibited a variety of cooking, needle work, the season in flaming red and flaunting yellow,. and chet, etc, executed br the girls, vegetables many fine statues through the grounds. A but . with all the peculiar shades and variations, handsome palace in the Renaissance style has a little wood work done by the boys. to the this of beauty one can appropriate much ' .- The This is the third Fair the children of Nephi 7 been recently .erected within the parkadornment of the home. The grouping and Keitschel Museum and the Museum of Antiquihave had, and there is a marked improvement dec- arranging of aufumn leaves is a sort of visible between each; not only in the number nmatiff the attractions of this palace. ty orative art, and has a very pretty effect, also in the Several restaurants are scattered through the of articles handed in for view, but when they are artistically woven or Good bands of music Tend a cheeri-ries- s execution and variety of them. grounds. Nature does much in fanciful designs. had their ConferOnSepL27thJthe-Brimarto the place.; A beautiful pond is not the towards making our homes pleasant, by iux- house. It, who The held inthe was attractions. which meeting swans, its ence least among leavesrthe Tines,: nishingus-:theftowersrth- e the attended Primary by was seem to hold it a3 their espiBcialcjprai.e also, largely the evergreens the autumn leaves and winter tendencies, ocialnnheTr" Children, their parents and friends. Thetimo making decidedly berries. Life is not devoid of beauty, nor of and friends with us quite readily. wa3 occupied by - the children's exercises .. pleasure, if one will accept the simple delights, addresses from .officers aud visitors. We return fronijhe Garten by another way, - -rr 2 of nature. L. Addie Bciiofield, Secretary. getting a lovely view of some of the mountains AVoman suflrage in Massachusetts. Demoof Saxon Switzerland,"and driving home past cratic: "We. believe in equal rights, without several palaces and fine buildings. We discoA RICH KINGDOM BUT POOR SUB-- : houses for limitation of sex." Prohibitory: "We believe ver that there are very few detached JECTS. for in equal political rights regardless of sex." single families. The Germans have a taste Where in .political rights for al 1, both" in a horizontal direction. Greenback:Equal. living " men and women' We are learning a little about the city Republican: "We favor a. our way we would put up a block of buildings, wherein we have located ourselves for the pure and extended suffrage." dividing it into separate houses side by side, of congratulaIt is impossible to tell the exact meaning of witli dividing walls, steps and hallways appropresent. We find it a "matter -- this last sentence. It may mean everything or tion that there i3 an old open market place of to each house, these people would use priated old the most orthodox stampbooths, and nothing, as far as the suffrage for women is the "room in their own fashion. They would offer to dresses women and mafdensin short concerned. Taking the platforms as they have but one large entrance, and all the rooms us their wares in mostguttural German. stand, it would be fair to say that they indion one floor would be the establishment of a the The Elbe runs through the very heart of in no way be brought : cate a growing public sentiment in favor of family, who. woujd single ad-: del ightful tramp city, and promises many a in contact with their neighbors than we . suffrage, and are, taken all together, an 6ver its old bridges. Soldiers and officersof alt" -- are with the persons who live side by side with vance on the platforms of previous years. : ranks are to be met with at every turning. But before we congratulate ourselves, we shall Of course, as yet we dp not, see the paU3. waito-ge&vhethtfiu?e?h"o are elected to Americans and English people arc fond of the"" rticular ad vantages crfrthis our the legislature, upon these platforms, show their place for winter, and quite an English air perit expthiit-vades one section of the city. We have rather respect for the platforms by actingJirconformown. "Respectable persons of small means may WeshaU ;them-.doubly. gadaiidr li; alar away feeling ourselves in this find more desirable homes, perhaps, than they women of relieve round to The freunite all corner of Saxony. : country grateful, if they would otherwise- - Prince and peasant situabout is no doubt very beautiful, and the the stigma and helplessness which dkfranehise-- r tlv live under the same roof, the aristo ation of the city particularly charming. ment implies - and involves, and to 'relieve cratic part of the community taking the best The kingdom of Saxony js rich, the people Massachusetts from its greatest shame, viz., of the building while the humbler mem' part that of degrading all the women of the Commopoor, taxes heavy, and living high. The land climb up to the garrets or descend to the bers esis under good cultivation, but the people to the political level of its male n-wealth basement. " " x. criminals and idiot5?. KUTII KANDOJI. pecially the women work hard. We have Xt seen here what we have not seen anywhere else a woman and a dog harnessed into a cart, OBITUARY. NOTES AND NEWS. while a man, husband or father, perhaps, walked comfortably along in the rear, or Died, at Brigham City, Box Elder County, Scptembe" . loaded jear of up the wagon for his team. 11th, 1333, of consumption, In tho tbirty-nlntPrincess Beatrice has agreed to furuish, at a B. the wife of John of McMastcr, The army claims the larger part sketches for an Engher age, Elizabeth, Jxsloved given price, some pencil Forrest. and Elizateth v-'7 of Thomas and men. The people seem industrious. . daughter y ; lish monthly. Deceased was born at Itomton, Dumeartonsbire, Beggars are not permitted in tho streets, yet Miss Sybil Carter spoke on Mormonism at we feel that there is more poverty here than ScoUand, March Gtb, 1311; was baptizad into' tht in Saints when eight the'Boston Ministers' Meeting Pilgrim Hall, Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daanywhere we have yet been on the Continent. crowded. was has since been a and hall Iu 130'., last week. The The working women have a worn-ou- t years of age, came to Utah look. " . resident of Erigbam-CltyThe children-orehas the lower classes look poorly of B. Kentucky, Mrs. Mary Clay, Saint her example was ever worthy of As a Latter-dafed. d or deeduca-- . secure to Mich', mem-- ' Nearly all of them are Ann Arbor, moved to imitation; a true wife and mothor, and a faithful formed in some way the imperfection . probachildren. tional advantages for her ber of the' Relief SocietyC Deceased has for many years bly being due to lack of nutritious food and held the oilice of a teacher; wks also assistant Fecrttary needed a , rebuke," says s vomen overwork. "The and performed every duty aebJgued her with lovo and de' - them ofsome because that-thWe find by this afternoon's drive friendly extemporary, votion. To say thatxwe miss onr beloved sister does bill a veto not would who environs of the place are very attractive, and for a asked governor not express our feeling?, but we know that onr loss is their " the city political rights. conceding a fraction of larger and finer than we thought. Auher eternal gain. May sho rest in peace, as that wa3 hrr us "to go to ret.M. Ex. gustus II., called "the strong," was a lover of , oft cxprcesed desire before leaving show and To him the people are RhAllpd as she lived a faithful Saint of God. Jler pasplendor. if women were eligible that js It thought tlMiec throueh her elckness was remarkable; not a mur. largely indebted for their start in art and civi--r. Mrs. Fawcett would be the for Parliament, ligation. Augustus III. improved largely . mur ever escaped her lips; on the contrary, her thoughts chosen. She was one of the four Misses first were ever for the good of others nntil tho last. he found. :The princes and kings themselves whom of distinguished two Garrett, To show their appreciation of her virtues the teachers from that' day down hav.e not been and fumiihers decorative designers.. M at lha funeral, walked two hy two at tho head of ifcer backward in. enriching the -- kingdom in all di reotinnu corpse ta tM 1&Uxj$efM wbicU ?rostdsatr5soYPffv A Norwegian Methodist Qaurch b&s becn The old nalaca s p,ot organised 'in &ny. weanj one pf . . -- -- . j - 's . jtQ-achoi- ganSng, -- - - y, . "their-gorgeou- s - - bas-re-lie- fs V epe-"-"clal- iy fash-ione- d . y -- -- -- -- -- ., er out-of-the-w- ay ity-wit- , " . . . " 7 b able-bodi- ed . ; y . , f y bow-legge- 1:-,- -- " -- e . ::''"rr-- - - ' - - on-wha- t , of-Saxo- ny 1 . , . 1 Salt-Lnkr;Ct7rU- hrfeb 