WOMAN'S EX have b-tt- K riljJi'l.tiU U n ha 1 wr;h J bit ii;U ti ut - r- thfli Hfti, Whitney v;ry yNi-;Were j usi dsJigh t". Jo .'fciij etjtf i tn.in u. ihey are v.:y wa!l;!..!id d "i ev yMl :pJh-u pUzfunl etc. Ttuy libls to rrnka our vi-HU ! iii-- :ir VvIV) yrri 4tf noi lt 1 Vi-- in ' cur -- ht in r hii brother, and hf-th- a . old p'pee of intf-r,-tThe oM gravej srd by the Temylr, shw Belk'.s . , fee expected arj vy Ih&t !hty vronld write an of course article about us in the paper, our names were from Salt Lake, ttnd BolJe being iutroJuced as N. K. The Whituey 'a daughter. well and educated Whitney? atepltneaiit ana inejr suxrcundirs are very neat end taste-fal- . regi-Ure- d ' ". ' was 60 fragrant, oh Low I did wish thbt we were a I together, ?:ow muchm orewewculd - VijIoujjly,leotsba IbeJrRJriiQ come here from Kirtiand, she was juat as delighlej as we were, but not eo surprised, as she had regis- m ' ft just auer ' Ui, and had She is having a delightful time; nor cousin, iiien urau,fcr, is with her. We left them last night at nine o'clock; they go on to Newark, Wayne Co., New York. We have ben at Niagua Falls all day. I had not Imagined them half eo grand as they are. I have never enjoyed any sght so much In my life; I will speak of them again but have not timo now. Give my love to all the folk.', also Belle'. We are nurrymg so to get to Mas?acho8stt8 in time for the DIckins-meeting I wiU write to yon iruui uccie B. ljOVlugiy, noticed our names'. - ' .In moments of deepest solitude many, many things pas3 through my mind. I think some -- over-wroug- ht -- ch-slo- ife la cfttn thut in irem ?,"' ihttt-Ltalthfu-i health fall?, and her spirits their elasticity, and you wonder In your heart the causa. - Oh , bo to her what yod once was In your h appy o du r t i ng d ay b, and mirk well now the drooping flower will look np and bloom forth again with a hemty a'mostc?leg- tiaf; ter with her, she hai rrorg and trUl?, to which you ire which yo ;r bu; stra.jge; trn ierr.ff-- and bve can (Jep Ive of ll their apd above all ttlugs ,.Ij i,ol tn a; her with not tear and pa.?sy her indifferenctf, if you "hTarf, 4hi7h waterGl by kindnea would to the atedjyd cf a cur existence throb viith iertnn and p if ct affection. Sometimes yield jour to wishi. herP; do yju fini it hard to yield . Think you It U not difficult for ocaumll; her t Ljiv'fa up alw&yt? Again, th ,w yourdelf -luaniy ypar wife can look up at you and f el that ycu act juaiy and nobly, and can freely give her c ntlre cenfidence and trust io your Judgrrent. If husbands were a little more mindf j1 cf t!ie&e little things eo important to woniiD, methinks there would be mny happy homes which aro not because love doesn t abide therein, but or the reason we forget or neglect to speak of it; husbands .mt-rfrequently, I think, fall into the error i f thinking it la quite neeJltes to epfak of love after marriage, and if ever taxed with neglect for the same, will reply, f'Ycu understand well that you p.ssesa my love why reiterate it?" Why, indeed! The matter that appears fo trivial to the husband, li to the tired housewifo of countless worth; H i! literally a pirt of her existence. Husbands, if ycu would see your companion wear a happy face; if you would toe her bright and cheerful, at once a. fai!hfuJ,Ioving wL'e arjd true mother, bringing up ycur children in the right and proper Way, imbuing Jihe principles of truth and religion into their freih young hearts and mind; if you woald bar forever the though is of wemau's rights from her mind, and make htr think her position at home ia infinitely jup rior to any politic j! office she might ever aeplre to; if you would see all this you have but to woo her every day, as you did in the happy past when eha was but a happy,Jhcughtiesi girl; she needs your love and comfort so much more now than she did then. Her cares are bo. numerous and tryiug that ere long, deprived of her hnsbantPd encouragement and affection, she sinks gradually into a careworn, fretful woman, a comfort to none, not even herself, and the husband deplores his unhappy fate in beipg tied up for life to such a threw. He would do well to carefully scan his own actions in the past, and Eee if such a state of affairs could not have been avoided; and your children, those bright flors that spring up almost unprceived into ycur path, -give them too a fithet'a bjundless "loved'eh- couragemea i. One of our popular wri tets has truthfully taid: "Thg father who plunge's into business too deeply that he has not leisure for domestic duties and pleasures, and whose only intercourse with .his children consists in a brief word of authority or a surly; lamentattonyqyex"-thei- r intoJefable xpnglTeac it eqaalijr to b ' pltisd and to be btated. ; Vr V . MUSINGS. times, parucaiany alter holding converse with some unfortunate person, who views every subject frcm the darkest side, what a priceless gift is cheerfulness; how the sight of a glad, , bright face cheers us in momenta of sadnes?. What a world of. runt- - RnA lot? fA Arrlncrv vv I j invu ii the husband, if at be a cheerful face, brlnir to the tired, wife and mother. On the other hand, if it be a dark and gloomy ccuntenance with which ho grteta the ioved ones at his hearth what a shadow seems to accompany him there, casting a gloom over tb entire circle of home. In these reveries or esaiacaiQaa.with inyislf, X cannot baVetoit manv trnntilt. -- . Louie VVeltj. Lldfcd per--fect- We met Bister S. M. Kimb dl yesterday at ' jei.ac.j Wife mav havo your tod e new-mown- I itb it tLe' woild, do entra c t edl etht The reentry tf ere U txcedmjily lovely, the most beautiful he jea cf .sura:cb arni easdafisp, and I thought bo ranch of Annie and the "Order for a Picture,' that she recites so WidJ, ( tried to S8y it over to my-elf- , but cduUI not reruember it) the meadow? where, ve Tent to tee the " hedges vrcre so prettaad tbo hay t terea ai Atine lempie rat trial fc an-gul,- y we should have everyond Cilling ou ua, and f.a j grandfather and grandmother's rave-- aho. her aunt'; th y all ).i.v very eJch tonit etc ns. The folks were il! vc-i- kind and nit, and Mr. ' ii h'j-Jii- tc lo-- e 1 t' rt'l en-t'6'- lulljen:tgiUer nl '.be o nnv n lJurHt The store is occupied, but the house is vf cant. We went to.' the house -- wher6xfi!H!r' Far.ih M. Kfmba 1 whs married and lived, Joseph Khi'g tL-r-a h pi-lTicz- iJsoBoUaVmt'itr-p'av (Biho,f N. K, Whitafy'.") aai taVold. 'store; the t jJJ us these " : one single endearing term wiil do wong ders frou her brow" all clou da of You encounter ycur difQcultiea in the gloom, ai, ''fanned by hoa7on but . 1 -- -id CAfry tu ; and toillricr the fftajjiy, but vtculd ten-'oitr-l- i- i d th'ojgh of le.:8 magnitude, may have befn &i ?ird to besr. A kind, k; conciliatory word; a r t in NT. C ftthu ht to yJht 1 ajihorfei, trow. Your t'I 07t-- the Meutor, whero they Jivu, V; TsaipN a;)j;Uj) ,t lae tojt, tuul m;c a cha uiiog Te'iile i be .; view? of .the Krtliu I UMU.r in' "ingllxed .up. by thy Jo.ey'at; j -t ai il f u cur wif. a it the early day paopia VVIiUV I i.on ' We xU:it M: ':..i':t-lWr-ri- ar.d en . h the dully hYiStusivr r hattHr-h- P ' , -- ly 45 I have, xxo ale ij cUel forth fn-six ki from tj i m le p r ticn d-uVt, and disapproving of my rfcftdtr; but Jet rr e t; i in I ttn k devoted friend of d men, anJ a taere U ?w wys i kilts evy m jtct I uijw.j. day -- i-- t .Utfuate-i-g raaoaae'cf iLuFTnita- - ra-T- on the other side of thia question. Iu cocclu. eion I will aay, we often wonder, why it la that we see so much sorrow and suffering in life; it U indeed a mystery, and one that no philoso- -. phy can solve; but God ia wise and Jut, and ha3 sild that cur trial i work oat for ua a more : excellent and eternal weight of glory; then we mu&t look to Him for cjmfort and support in the sorrowi through which we are called to knowing that He doeth all things well. pit - Then, . ; . 'God help us all, and lead na day by day; : help-- us all who c&u walk alone " 7- - r - ' : ... For the perfect way? Evil allures and tempts us, and we fall. Alas, dear friends, our human strength ia small, And which of us may boast? Ab, not a day Sifts thro our lives bat each has need to say-G- od help ha all!" B-- A-fir Clover Di'e Farm. - r- - AWAKEN THE PATRIOTS. Thr tubjtct wa wish to to introduja or is rathtr painful cs well at unpleasant. Shall we s il the pure pag. s of oar valuable piper by in its columns items toma of inserting the outrage committed upon a daughter of the Repub. rt-fe- r lie, vi2: the Imprisonment of Belle Harris. It la without a precedent in the history of the American nation. y0 fail to Dud worda in fhe Eng, lish language to express'ths indignation wefeelf while those who commit the crimes of prostitution and infanticide walk the streets at mid-daunmolested. The same administrators of the law that passed sentence upon Belle. Harris for follow the example o our Savior-whe- n -p- restiming-'to He wai arraigned before the cheff Judges and ruleri It i3 recorded that he opened not hs mouth. Notwithstanding injury upon added to insult to which the Mormon people have been subjected for the last fifty years, plundered, mobbed and driven; their leaden martyred; their women outraged; in all this the government looked on with silent contempt, when mcs5 of those very persons, the victims of th ese'cruelties, were sons and'xiaughters of - the pitriot fathers. They loved the dear old flag; they were born heirs to that heaven-bor- n freedom bequeathed to them by their veteran fcneestry. Maltreated and unprotected as they have been under the government of the United States, they have in ro instance violated the Constitution, or failed to honor the fUg of ou? country, and yet in the eyes of all nations, our noble delegate, George Q, Cannon, who was an honor to the Corjgretiional Halls of cur ration, was deprived of his seat by a violation of the Constitution! This we consider an insulf, not enly to his constituents but to every American citizen, and a stain, on. the escutcheon of our the patriots slep? O, God, awaken country.-- Dj 1 ibem Now, ihaU we who hold the birthright of liberty tit silently by and tee bneof fair freeJom's daughteraimprlsoned for refusing to answer impertinent qaestions? No! Belle Harris has done he nor to h er iexf and placed a fetar wtthiu her crowaTth a t wJlInew fade, and miniatrriog angels 1 ear record of ber innocence aud rueeeagers bear the? hews-- , to. the land of the patriots, bo spilt their: blood to bequeath a Harrh (foca not enjoy to-d-ay lhataoy tbat.Bella I liberty And should her case not rtceiv sCfightedws .deciifcn; in; ther courta of eatbVifr cm ba appealed ta the councija-- of the (Qods, and tbsa retrSSntisa wilt ooatj iha csa t2:rd to y In--j- ury - 