W0 M A N ' 8 EX P ONENT 53 . n' j r&ftB Hi. notary piihjic, frorr Effn.-hvr- , r Han to cn her way. husband, J'Hni4j?i!h Sir" II. R Kopley. The lady is one 'who Lai iktii:n. Jn .imar.! ' '.vas t am ;n n t Afc FOB . ; '' 55y better t thc own i 1 ! Mjyugtr-Hfectfcfiig;!- iiicenpa-E2- wcra otijof Uto :hx wni a cbn e r ' uv . r nujjdt;r tb e Jaw in i- -i :'"77- - . -'.- the- Manuscript Potmd.,;is the title of the cf the Faith Promoting etieg,ijmd is a work of real merit.:'. It is' by Elder George IU-- nolds, nnd the r.islrVtr.' has den e. h i re st f lei c r e J ii in col lent : u i up hi m f'TiiEMyth 0 lv-.t- - j i. :n .. . . 1 . " ' 1 t '. and withal Connect in gtheiartoge theFfln suchi an orderly ana mu resting manntr&s to attract -- ravened upon the subject. It is a book of meal- y ur, r.iiu uiuV Uj;oXi i; IIiCIJl;4 Have a wide circulation,' both In ti-- Church and among thoee who are not Latter-daHalnts: The Book cf Mormon and the gpaulding n Btory have been a theme of dhcutsion and for over forty and Brother Key-nolbeck tbrowa more liht on the matter : Sunday; and I have been intimately acquainted with other men whoso consciences varied eo widely from that, that their house keepers, whether wives or servant?, instead of the privilege of attending meeting and partaking of the sacrament on the Sabbath, were required to stay s, at home and roast beef, eta, that when those .conscience men returned fr m meeting they could regale their appetites with a smokiDg, luscious dinner. Such probably had beeu the custom of their ancestry. wild, roving Indian's couccience Justifies y , ppec-uhtio- ve-Mv-, fhnn d'a Ii maker-pudding- oni:. There to much in the wcrk. to admire ca well aa to interes", that It w uld f eem almost indispensable even in the home library. One mignt read it over and over again with benefit to himself. It gives positive "facts and actual- -Be sure and buy it. Price 25 cents- .- For sale at ia he ec7ei-tne"- -- Juvenile Instructor Office, also at J, H. Parry's book store, next door to Hardy Bro3. and Barton's on Main Street, H. L. City. ' The Con'erenco cf Relief Society of this Stake will be hsM in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms irrthia city, on Friday, the 21st inst, commencing at 10 a. uk and 2 p.m. Secretaries should forward their reports a early as possible to Mrs. E, Howard, care Woman's Exponent--Ever- y Society in the county should be represented either by tha Pretident or one of her Counselors, or. secretary. As it is expected some business peiiaining to the interest of the Society will be transacted it is hoped all the members will attend who can make it convenient. Bishops and brethren of the priesthood are cordially On Saturday mcmir.g the Fr?msry Associations of the Stakq will convene in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall. It is urgency desired by the President, Mrs. Ellen C. Clawon, that there thould te a good attendance of the children from the various wards in the county aa well as a gdbd representation of efficers. The Primary fair is in progress and ought to be made a grand success.,, There is nothing stimulates IHB t! Li t; I g 1 d Ui IliC ilfcViC iuiuo uiuic iuu mciu Fairs. Be sure and forward reports to Mrs. 1 Vilate Ycung, the ECTeMycfPJ.1HJL ' County. . . - v The 1 . Xj. jvi. l. a. win noia ineir in the afternoon of Saturday, 22nd mencing at 2 p.m. The President, A. Freize, urgently requests the . - . ; , 1 u co cn-pcieu- i.r-or.- u:j. : , " ,-'--- :. other?, "An innate power or faculty implanted in our nature, independent of outward circumstances cr fiurroundinga." It has also, been termed fth6 hiahet authority to which one can appeal." 1 1 seems to me that 1 1 would be d ifflcu it to make more egreg'oui mistakes. Admitting to be the test between right and wren?, whose conscience would be the one by which decisions should be made? People' consciences vary nearly, if net quite as much, as the facial outlines. What a motley variety of standards of right and wrong! But, says one, God has implanted the conscience in our organizations for cur guMe. ; ; If (Jod made the con?cienco why did He not make all consciences alike? Whlhv A' rnn. ecience Justifies him in pursuing on eourfs, B'a J usiiCes him. in pu rsu c g - an itireiyrnpposI te one. For instance, I have been intimately ac quainted with a man whofe ccuscience dictated him to so strictly observe tbeSabbathtn-iaw-thaT-h- e refused to partako of fcod that was cocked on 'is-certai- ' m W "' '1.1 - Sla shrewd enough to evade discovery, but not so with the educated one. In our everyday life how frequently we find persons feeling fully Jus-- ' tiOod in performiug acts whl3h others could not Why this difdo without ference, if conscience is an unerring dictator? Even here, with the Latter-da- y J3ant, who are prcfeBa fone Lord, one faith, one "baptism," all consciences alike? Far from it. We have been differently educated, and early impressions are not readily erased. God has implanted in the human organization the germ of every, faculty necessary for a perfected glorified being; and these germs are all developed or undeveloped according to , . . , - - m Inst., com- Mrs. Mary members as to be well as the efficers present, that they may cr tne instructions given. receive the benent ta to Mrs. Send reports Angus J. Cr6cheron, P. O. Box 419, 0. L. City, Utah. - 'But,. says one, can persons do wrong when doIngwhat conscience dictates? Yes, but at the same time, they cannot act in opposition to conscience and do right, for the 'plain reason that they would be acting dhhonest'y with themselves. Everyone, to be honest, must do as hi or her conscience dlctatc;jut that Isjiot this sayipg that the bet in itself irright; standard by upon the correctness of the is developed or which the germ of conscience educated. stndard, There is one7and of the fulness Gospel, as taught and that is the by Christ and His ancient apostle?, and re. " vealed in this dispensation. The Latter-da- y Saints have thi3 perfect standard. The question may be asked why such a variebeen ty exists among them. The Saints have in their gathered from all countries subject circa m- training to almost every variety of of stance; and habits of mind. a well as those aL manners, are not readily exchanged. And though a perfect law, or system may require but little Ume for lta enunciation; faU ihow de-pen- , only-onen)erf- ect - uonrarence der fvlfltinr - o oircumtanfit&iur.cr variously defined, and i eflFStiinistijd. liy some .it has. been dca" inated,he-cnlycorreet-rule- elsewhere, ami has of before"", the law 'for men good hope; equality and women iuive near future?. She very no-- hie in appearance and fluent in speer.ii, ly n v inu of ..vtrcrg chare cter, and well calculat;-,to' 'von-- ii lhapxLf.c2cJon she has chosen, whf.: was quite ne from prejudice, and seemed to comprehend the situation into at li fell - t ii e" KJ m uri a felrl a 17 La tKr own I his better than jn est..- strangers wisp visit i:t-r- that more than a gtntrat oiivinay be hecetsary to mould a people by that U ;v;.:r system . Un- - - nM.'.i;--Hik-- . tHJLXlE0SKx4- tO3CIEK(;E: W HAT IS IT ? h-- truru'Wh ds . - .iderMiclirmp havin06?SSaionof-theGcsbsGod, Af 7 i infA mn. iniiead l; of appealing to conscience a a reliable criterion, It should be, "to r the ' law and to the testi mony it It is presumable that, as eoon as the Siinti fullv nomnrchend. adar t at,d c'ritifAtn with this" every faculty perfect ejstem of faith and practice, they will (:ee eye to eye" in all tilings, and become "one, precisely-irraccoidfin- i n p.. PVfn - nnn ii ft r n ft until then. ,,' C8 - sn -- ft - salt lfce city, Aug., liiM. ta nri ft a i n ttr.r E. R. H. SV . ; . . THE DICKINSON REUNION. - r-: - Oka no E, Mass., Auy. - My Own Dear Mother: litaj'd mufth 1 3S3. Ne v Esglaud,'! ;Herege..aj.eJnourdegjd o tluTf wp hfiv 11, tbuit mI cur 1!vh I went to the Dickinson meeting at Amht-rsall aione. den't vou think I was brave? I maved r TbTTnnTit'b'e'dlrecte 1 jut what tv do and where to go, and I know thst I wa". Arrlvioa at the Amherst Dpot there was a perfect Jiitn but I looked out for a bus?, and as it drove to lha hotel and all the others got out I followed nult. I hadno idea what to Jo next, but I eaw two real nice locking ladies standing nearrandl plucked up courage to go up iind intrcduca myself; they were, es you may aDppos, D ladfee ccme to attend ibe mectiDg. I do not know how cne eo difldtnt as f, and timid In ecciety, could do tuch a thing, but I did. When they knew I waa from salt Lp.ke,. which fact I lost r.o time in telling them, I did not need to say anything; more. I went un eon ai ict iJva'wY", nL-all people, and as very to me. They were could be. We soon started, polite and kind as 7 TfoT Collega Hall. There were between two and thtee hundred; membors gathered, and they kept coming in fcr some time after. The President of the day, M. F.. ' Dlckin&on, Jr.lof Boston, was a very fine looking, of man, and presided with a great deal eiSi and the papers giving; dignity. Uncle haa lent you better than I you all the particulars much were a great many vice presidents, a secretary and recording secretiry. In fact it wa and everything was in quite an elaborate affair, peifect order. R. DJekm-eoPrayer was offered by Rev. Leigh of Grace Church, at Great Bend, Pa., and ""then an address cf welcome waa delivered by the Preiident of the day. The address was excellent, and mut have been carefully prepared, and hi manner was pleasing jind graceful. He " alluded in the most happy way to the worthy ancestry of the family of Dickinson. There were a great maoy very jceauti'ul thoughts expressed In his speech. He' aiid a great deal about the of their enduearly settlers of New England, foi civil ' rance, their sacrifices and struggles no . rights andTef mean distinction to have descended from such stock. One of thW9 aiventuroui splritawas-ou- r common ancefctor." "It is now almost 50 yeara feince Nathaniel Dickinson landed nt Boston, and prior to 1637 ur ounmca found a home a? vveiuerBijeiu, belo w Amherst. In 1659 be planted the perma-meseat of our family, and deeply rooted the - name oi lui'w") B::UwU:mu-Bl,tu.u- 6 to call him generationi hae already blessed." He gave quite a sketch of the family history, and said "Nathaniel DickinEon died at t 9 ; ck-inec- nq - ---- ---- e can-The- re n, Tffls gios-libertyT-H3aId,- v nt li-e- a 