WOM slxbs iy xuvoo;Axn iyani: K TKOM H. G K I MB A TJS 'd 0 U A X PON- K X - ?. N T" wih Si 1 1 tor-da- .'KEl.ES MAr. wnriKEY. union, ... IVi ft rder of mamai -not 'cWptedj uJLi:i ..... laitn iiim':i" .our made us attack only upon to stand iirm u the. i ud, and dt r- - .come- life or come in the - anti-Maso- -- : . : gan jhojiwserMasonry sacred covenants nnd ...inat(tnf;no r IrnrtTO KotTA KIT, tlJT ll "..41 and are calculated to piit mankind in possession of the means of salvation, temporal as well as spiritual, and to bring us into our proper sphere and relationship to God our Heavenly Father, and which has given to women as well as men the true key. that can unlock the mysteries of the eternal Worlds bringing back to our recollection thoso 'glorious things which we fost remembrance of inT coming down 10 una aaru world as wanderers in the paths 1 . : oi uarknss, ignorance and degradation.,.. ; It ii tuuua, nuiiest ana upngiit " toeubdueand bring into subjection our fallen natures, and requires lis to put away our vani- nui whichis low or that wouldluuuige be offensive tothing God r the celes--" "v",vuw uwu m-a- ny tial beings. These thing3 were taught-tns and . Holy Sanctuary, ought to be riveted upon our mitfds and upon those of our children, so as to be remembered and lived to in all coming life: And though we have up come for short of living what we we ptofesstillrt-- . hoi:ii todo eo in tunc Rnf ilnh,, i and integrity (A our hearts wo arc to bo pcrcc cnted aiidthrcatcncd-innoc- cnt women in-th- at - impris- and God-fearin- people to be jeopard ired beto bo trae to their obedient to covenant, 'His commands; we want-th9- m vho are the enemies of God) to kn-- w : g cause thoy Bredn-rium- ed ,Ksrr -tandhat-wba- ll nrow ourselves upon His mercy theirs-- mto the hands of ..men who unce proven themselves to be liars and trai- w weir couutry, ' themT and to hJUL God; whom jdw dyedathebr &s dket we boV to hf b" f fil afi ' rtf riirJ" tit !UJf -- df .... i .: .. . T ur,, M.i 1 . 'J "AH H lU'l i .i PinL.ui.tii!,i- - outn.-- .b.h'qght the t xternviimt jvhjcli droVi1 ua all out of Missouri. nTTTi.-- -- oulit t- in Mibjection b:1 - I be cartjul- in guard against luini aaiii-- t I vitv and talebearing. lit - ; . . I I .1 I - . s, n l. "yourfaithful.Nlie in of women being bands, sjoke of the necessity subjection ta their hus- "I am subject to my God, my wife to me and will reverence me in my place, and I will try to make her happy. 1 do not want her to step forward and dictata tome any. more than I dictate to President Xoung. In his absence I ; take his place a6 cording to his request. Shall we cease from r loud laughter? Will vnn nrvrr slander your brother and sifter? I will refer your minds to tho covenants you have made, . , 1 la n r.lwftrv n rt rA' r Vi rt- 4 1 - . t r ...Ill .. 4: have dream3 and visioi s. We shall not be with 5 ou long. We caunot rest day nor night until we put you in sion ofthe Priesthood. w& jf V J V II Al I VMU V f VA J lJ It I ' ft work and inakc others clean." There arc from seven . to nce have met together every day to pray "ever-siJoseph's death, and the people have been - SA 1 V " - -t- I welve-persomrivho Turley has been liberated by the power of - God and not ' of man. "Elder Cahoon bore testimony of the impor- ' ! i? J.1 mms lance .oi;muse jl wnicn nadi been spoken, and rejoiced in the idea that the things he was taught in the beginning were the same things now taught S3d remembered, and itis'sober cause they are eternal things. i . ' ' 1 1 x The assembly was then formed for prayer, and Elder John Taylor being mouth the whole congregation united with him in prayer. ' At ten minutes past two the meeting was dis missed and another congregation met in the came ruuui. ; s . by Orson Hyde, ' after . which by invitation of " Elder Kimball who presided (President Young not having been at the Temple and the duty of presiding having devolved upon Elder Kimball as the next in suecessiou Amasa Lyman - addressed the assembly, he said, uouotje3 with most ot the present as- 'emldv" it brrrnTltlUr nf V nntw thcir 'livcgj they have come to a timo they never saw before-- , -- they have como ta the com11 mencement of a kno wledge of things, and it U necessary that they should be riveted on . to-da- yy -- their mind:-.- ' One-import- ant- thing tobenn "derstood is this, that those portions ofthe priesthood which you have receivedi are all es r sential matters. - To be Continued. tnGn?!,Dg0r 4unerent irom what we were before we -- "' . f . ;..r .. . UJHiZ .' ...j-- tritle UK-i- i l r.t."" ' tin---- - A-r k US. ! everyday' and pray in private circles. i v . l U-- , j . -- ath Uiittf .wm,tini, I tf i ( ( and Brigham had been suffering from the whooping cough for a month or more previous to this, and continued to all winter.; Her babe and Bishop Whitney's were dangerously-sicwith it when wo ' were : compelled to leave Nauvoo in tho month of February, 1846. "Sunday, December 21st," writes his clerk, last a "According to appointment on Sunday " 1 meeting was held in: the ea3t room. J Seventy-fiv- e persons were present, Elder H. C. Kimball presiding"; After mentioning" the names of the brethren and sisters,: he says," "At five minutes before . eleven .. tho-son"Glorious things of thee are spoken" was, sung Father John Smith then made a few remarks; blessed the bread and it was handed round by Bishop George MillerThe wine was blessed' by Bishop Miller and handed round bv him. While the wine was passing around Elder George A. Smith arose and addressed the congregation. He thanked Gpd for the privileges this day enjoyed, and spoke of the difficulties tinder which the church had labored to attain to the blessings we now en" joy. Another thing he thanked "God for Already had more than .five hundred persons passed through, and therefore, if half of them should be like the foolish virgins and turn away from the truth, the principles of the Holy Priesthood would be beyond . the reach of mobs and the assaults of the adversaries of this Church. Order was one of the laws of heaven. When we come together aud unite our hearts and act as one mind, the; Lord will hear us and will answer onr He related an instance of socae childrenprayer. bein haaled and cured of the iu whooping cough one wght through the prayers of himself and Elder Woodruff in Michigan, whilo they were thee cn a mission. Said ihat whenever they could" .get an opportunity they retired to, the wilderness or to an upper room, they did &o ancl were always answered. It .would be a : tU ..... !n ....- ;i. tjf-Govl'- My mother's three youngest, David, Charles g, .., j i expressed nis unieigncd iovei.:rine nreinreH and his confidence in their endeavor.-- to keep these rulp?:;:"TheL. Spirit waj then addressed the "'"iiunjr. J Elder Kimball next meeting. Ho .concurred in all that had been the observation f lh"c.elthings- is ami essential. Abont lour years ago next Mav "nine persons were admitted dntojbe Holy order five arc now living, B. Yroung, W. Itich-ardGeorge Miller, X. K. Whitney and H. C Kimball, two are dead, end two are worse than " "President Young left the Temple about half past four o'clock to be absent for the - night. u At five o'clock" a meeting wa3 held in my We offered up thanks to room. God and asked for the health of Bishop Whitney's youngest child, al."o for mine, and that God would turn away the wrath of this government from us and overrule things for . bv jo lau'diter which the.partjrw'ere assembled. 7; The reading was finished at ten o'clock, at which time Miss Eliza R. Snow handed in a list of the females washed this morning, which list Bhe hasitaken "for several days pasLXAt seventeen minutes past nine a.m. we com menced washing in the male department. "thel-lode- nnd mnfp nirti?mr n tw? .L.i i l our obligations. At all: events we intend to prove true to our integrity and hold to the vaut-t- l the man in" Jedir ta iiirli .p ii M 'Hi-"- lug unlcr "Idie woman' ; fra-ternityfi- vc -- death ' ns when but a young girl, of getting a'glimpse of iuo outsjue ot txe morgans D00K, exposing nlosonry, but which my father always kept- locked up"Nowif:meiish8uld be true to Ma- .sonry aua 4101a. eacrcd tneir" covenants to that or any other fraternity, why in: the name of conscience should hot' our corenants to the (heat Matter Mon bo held as sacred? Ye. f . anti-Mason- s, untt! feCliuj. president Young having slept in tlie Temple last night was early at his post and dictating in relation . to the . business ol- - tno (lay. and. i t ranging the workmen m oracr, etc.. aner which he listened to a reading from'Oiptain Freemont's journal by Franklin 1). Kuban??. . The morning was a very t ' beautiful one the sun shining clear and bright through the east windows of the room , ,11.1 HIM : r Saturday. December 20, 184 ). father Wrt4(t, ; 8-- l... i.V.ii.,,. f U'vd t vcars ..ou. tourseoro - ! first degree of 3fasonry in the bdgeat 'ieor Fists, On Lorio ColXeW" York; and u "1 4, rrrioiiAio receiving all of the rights up to the Morgan affair broke, Koyal Arch Masons,-th-e "out and the Masonic Hall in Canandaigua., and all their rewas burned by cords consume!. It seems lhattheJ;-Masonwere persecuted and the same unjust proceedings were heaped upon them by the that have been upon those who hold the Priesthood. "Not as many as three of us," A father says, "could ineet together, unless in se cret, without being mobbed. I have been driven from my houses and possessions with many of my brethren belonging to that some of times, by mobs men. their leading lhave been as true as an angel from the heavens to the covenants I made in at Victor. e I wish that all men were Mason3 ' find WOJlld Mvf lin in their nrnfacalirn ?lan tYiA world would be in a much betiex state than it Is now." The Prophet Joseph after becoming a rason said that , Masonry: had7been taken from the Priesthoods In Nauvoo I was ac--. quainted with the widow and daughter of Mor- - ti,.-.- k-i'.- 1 in fivlitsi'. at. . .n Unl-- Lr!Vv thv'H Up tn lit -r .'-Arj- y unlud nuin and Vfife'arv them u.Uiitauu corruption: and tmuv fWrer; ami raor will Uks that it prison? r ".they can provide to bind th ju!? oi nwu. Sain: ;i ren to make of .a tat t" the to tlcnv or tre up u Do not wait for extraordinary opportunities' for good actions, but 'make use of common sitoHs A lwg valk is better than a s&Srt 