wouM bo their "be given of the ccntfjUloii cf Jbel. I Io?pI talciui the work fone there at the annual Confer .r Jn April. .;7Z:: ; :. SEX F ON EN T. W OM A N 142 feeling! I prsy the hontat in great satisfaction; and the children were not the only ones that .were mad a happy,' for through the kindness of Bro. W. W. Willev wile, SUttr Cancy Wil- Young- - LadiesAsswiar lejv heart may be gathered out from the intioiin the earUv and bo prepared: to meet the Son r.f tienrtcd e pre.-fidentof-th- Call, ".went FLKCriONS. .Jim ni- - coal My mfnil has teen reflecting baik to the days of my youth. My parents never belonged to any religious eectj but ever taught me good moral?, vJrtae and a, eacrednees of keeping the Bab. athr-Oa -hoae side f us Uie Methodist Leld rptheir n3?etiog9, on t?ie 6theF"rJ3 the QuHkers.: I had ti?e privilege of going to either. , When I was twelve years tlJ, I well rememberihere was a Methodist revival whfch I attended, nd ay af terBunday Tliy t old us If we did not repent and get religion, we would go to hell. It inyeelingv I resolved to get religion, but how to get it I did not know, for they did not tell rr.e. I rent sleepless nights, and agonizing day, trjing to get religion. I would retire to ray ct amber and try to pray, but alf I could say wai,Fatber, I am a sinner, forgive me. Farther than this I knew not what to dared 'not tell my mother the ccndtipnTofe my mind; weeks parted by, and I still continued In this frama of rand. Finally I resolved I would quit he Method ia's and go to the who Quaker,, always tut In silenre, and told me nothing bad; so, like all children, It soon wore away; only at times I did feel I aoulJ like to get religion, a I thought it made ik-pJ- e very gocd. Whin I was eighteen yeais cJJ, there can e to our town four Mormtn- - Elders. I begged of ray mother to let me go and har them preach, to w h!ch sho jgave h er jxn. sent. Every word that fell from their Hps, sank dt c p into my heart. I said, that is truth . They taught me how to get religion; to repent, believe "and be Immersed in water by those holding authority from God and I should receive the gUt of the Holy Ghost, by the laying on of baud?, as in tho days of the Savior. I obeyed and I bear my testimony to the world, I did receive that living not from mortal being, bit from God my Father, revealed from the heavens; and ; Died, in -r ; : 1 r l ly all a Joying llathcx-an- d mother, four brothers and four Bisters and many dear " friendo to mourn her less.' una taKen: to the of Sister Ann Dustin, president of the Pri mary, whi e she 'was busy.with the children and the rest of the money was handed to her at the Tabernacle, and it was a great surprise to her. Many thanks, to our Heavenly Father for finding in the hearts of our kind friends such good deeds that will ever be remembered. Ann Dustin, President. Oli ve Sessions, Sec. P. A. who kne2vherSheleaTC3. Neitie Brighton, Salt Lake County, Jan. A. lSSS. 21, Dear Sister Wells; Our Conference Jones'. num. uvu ucca ero iuieu auoui vmiijj-uiuwith books and a center table filled with flowers, which the children made. We wanted motto, Primary Association, to hang over them, but did hot get it. We held our Conference on the 27th of Dec, ' AMITY. z CJutt, Editor Exponent: feel it ray duty to give a brief report of L. M..I. A. of the organization of the Amity, Arizona, which was organized Novv'2, 1882, choosing Sister Julia A. Jenson presi- dent. Our meetings are well attended, and a great deal of good has been done since the organization. The young ladies show a desire to press forward in this great work of the latter - l. ; -- M. . We are much pleased with the Primary Speakers. Our Society has paid to Salt Lake Temple, nnilf. nnrl tirlv '"Sl)r"7 to 7Dfjjprpt. l' tTftar)itfll- ' 1 .1 86.10; for prizes, wool and work; .$565; total, S2G.75. In treasury, one quilt and a few arti- - Editor Expos es t: l. m. i. a. cles. , Vino 'fiicf KJIC,-- 6r gJlLICi 1 that nractinp. matps r&rfpnt . sr?.y?' r . t.hA tnr Ivrer rravinnxcrihro x jt o - the t . 7tVn M v..-v, of the Exponent, We remain, your sisters Jn the Gospel, Fiiccess Emma : "'"East Bountiful Primary Association had a Christmas tree in the Tabernacle, loaded down with --presents; many--littl-e hearts were made glad that day. We had songs and recitations by the children; one piece, entitled, "The Cittstai: Trs8,,, by Gecrgo GarstV, garo. Vi Editor Exponent: - Ann Harvey. at 8alina. primary fair - - The Primary Association of Salina, Sevier on the County, held a fair in the school-hous18th day of January, 1883, representing the handiwork of the little ones,from 4 years old to 14. The room was decorated very tastefully; the walls with quilts and other articles. One large table was spread with the children's articles, jsuch as wool flowers, tidies, picture-framescarfs little cupboards, tables, garden ladders, clay horses, stockings, cakes and pies, cushions, and a great many more things that I will not mention. The forenoon was spent with recitations,songs,diaIogues, and some very good instructions by different ones. Prizes were givrTaccordingJo merit. The children's din neFwas brought there, which they partook of with great appreciation, on account of being After dinner, the childrejQdanced together. 1 ,. i i jl. nome auu mm " uiuu, reiuraeu very 1 i x - J x' r..i auuJ J TL. xue uucciiui aonattu uuppy. $5 to the emigration fund. r Much satisfaction wa3 given. Mary J. Crane, President. Angeline Martin, Secretary. e, . s, r.:i k"-i-- i-- A ;-- - . . Pauline Larson, Secretary. BpUNTIFUL PRIMARYT mo vaii J XI It llllt Jtt next time you come to f UUjiiVAninrr Ug Yours respectfully, Holder), U. T., Feb. 1st, 1883. -- Vminn' X T MA, Wasatch. uu ol J. Bennett, , President. . have line weather Association of thi3 ward was reorganized by Bn. B. R. Stevens and counselors, with the folio wing officers: Emma J. Bennett, president; Mary A. Stephenson and Annie R. Harmon, counselors; Pauline Larson, secretary; Sarah J. Gyles, assistant secretary, and Emma We have about forty Stringam, treasurer. members enrolled, and an average attendance of thirty. Though our numbers 'are; small, we . are striving to prepare ourselves to become useful members in the kingdom of God. - We realize that we have a great work to perform, and unless we are diligent we cannot expect to gain the reward which our Father has promised lu xjiiauium cnuuren. uur wortny president is a faithful and energeticjwoman,who is doing all she can to help build up the kingdom. Our exercises consist of Bible and Book of Mormon lectures, select readings, songs, recita Our meetings tions, essays and testimonies. are very interesting, and we are all doing our part to help them jilong, meanwhile remember-in- r o, ..: The childrenwith Sister ClufT and Sister "Brown, all join in sending our love to you and T Our Improvement and Primary Associations are in a flourishing condition. The officers are .lalive to .their duties and are doing all they can" to instruct the youth of Zion. . ' On the 5th of Nov. last, the Young Ladies', was a Prophet, sent from God ta bring forth the Gospel In this last dipensat!on. When I as twenty-twI obeyed the law of Celestial Marriage. My companion was just, virtuou?, noble, in principle, a man, fearing God. His first wife whom he married three years before, was kind, and noble principles dwelt In her heart; the freely gave her consent to the marriage, and vv3 mulully agretd to travel the journey of hfe together bt cause we sincerely bt 1 ;eved it was acimmindment given from our Heavenly Father. We have passed through many trials - -- - y. selor, Sister Richardson, second counselor. Tho children went through their exercises, which were appropriate for the occasion. All felt well paid for coming. Our Association numbers four officers and 24 members. We have meetings every two weeks, the excer- - songs, etc. A. Jens-ox-, Secretary, Secreta E.zBlgeiaw,.ry . holdj-- bupt; VrTlake, bister Ulake, nrst coun- riapa ilAinnr Onpcfinn'a nnrl Anavrora ran'ilai t Ana Julia jays. was held" - s report: I : CENTEli WARD PRIMARY. II. S., Y. L. M. L A. AND PRIMARY that tt alimony assured me that Joseph Smith : IanslonAVyoiuinTerritorr, j&in-tTTl- Eliza Martin, daughter of IIuU und Jane Wat terson . Martin. .' Deceased was bom in Mullurwell, Lamukj Scotland, " "Tiiftft r. isr,ri - and was in her 11th Year at the I ime of of the Young her demise. Sho was a faithful raeml-cLadles Mutual Improvement Association, also of fho Sunday School. She was kind and dntif-j- and beloved ny, together, In connection with our companion, but those trials endeared us together. 1 have livej with and beside her for forty years; we loved each other "aa dearly as earthly sisters Cvuld. A short time since he lelt Father calltd noble her .spirit home;....! mwrn her loss 'cannot death but tevertha chords that bound" cur hearts together, and I expect if faithful to meet her in the spirit world and rejoice with her. When I think of the women of the outside world aud consider how they look at the Xat. y Saint, and think we are impure and corrupt, say all manner of evil against us, I am led to exclaim Oh! that I. could peak to the nations of,the earth, and bear my testimony of the truth of the everlasting Gospel, that Gcd hai revealed, the noble prmcjp!esMn(egrity and virtue that prevade the hearts of the Ealnta of God who dwell In Utah; if they could understand Ujtca thlss hov changed - sea 1 doI tes-tlmo- was-purcna- house omTUAin u ter-da- to a few friends and collected $8.70; a - FIFTEENTH ANNUAL CONVENTION. The proceedings of the fifteenth annual convention of the. Rational Woman - Suffrage Association were inaugurated at Lincoln Hall, Monday evening) by a novel lecture, entitled "ZekleV Wife.'9 I Tho l;sturcr tjls Hxs. Aa !T - D'aifi cf -- 