EXP ONE N T . W 0 MA N 9 S 123 there were a lapful, and the, comments they called jforth, matfe 'i. very pleasing;- - finale to that most happy "Christmas, and I. will thrown ...... no. moralizing; cloud ov e r ity no r shat t'meniorv. do so either anil in looking back to that youthful circle, 1 feel each one that comprised, it recalls it with the same pleasure as 1 do, and realizes the blessed truth, that happiness once " M i given j a a iuv iuie LT. grand jury for the murder of Joseph nnd llyrura Smith began at Carthage on the 7th e of namerof those men are IjimJr" to the Saints... who were then Jiving in: that part of the country. They were: Thomas C. Sharp, editor tifithe Warsaw Signal; Col. Levi Williams, a Baptist preacherp Jacolj Erlavis,:"' Senator; Mark Aid rich and William N. G rover. , , is, It not my purpose to go into particular of their sham trial, as it has been published. Suffice fOo say that those assassins were " -- ' -- - Ma-Th- . - . V .' MARTYRDOM QF. THE AN D PATRTARC Fl. I -. BY HELEN' MAR WHITNEY. , - j ; ; . " AFTEUTHL NAUVOO SCENES-I- N -. '.'honorably- - acquitted." But if t - tne purpose or Dnnging tne murderers oi the Prophet and Patriarch" to justice. Haying previously plighted the fuith of the ; state that they, as prisoners, should, be protected, he ' - could hardly do less, but the people' looked a vain and needless display; they upon this could read his heart and knew full well that . lw 1 ne was ouiy ieignmg ana1 mai mis was due another exhibition of his hypocrisy. The same day President Brigham --Young recieved his commission a3 Lieut.-Generof the Nauvoo Legion previously hekivby Joseph Smith. - It will be remembered that previous to his death Governor Ford had disarmed the Nauvoo Legion,, which fact he wa3 - reminded of on this day, while witnessing the- review of the Legion, as several of General 7 Young's staff appeared in uniform but without arms. Bro . - " 1 - . , al - nIohnnyfoTaTTtiili)dn C.fk rt V1 era r Aa i .mil rnnat trrvii Brigham Young accompanying the order is- sued at Springfield, Oct. Oth, 1844, were hot calculated to allay, but on the contrary, to excite the former suspicions of our people. The were, aware of tho righteous c5:f of our cause, having witnessed, the patient forbearance il "arpoor and persecuted atnulated.; wrongs a people u nrter m r V: v.iuvt'vl., little handful" ".ho 1; through the kindneas cf an i Father.,'tA':x)utliye the dark and terrible scenes caused by tfier'r ariti-Monno- ns llir s . . ' : ; all-iuerc- cruel and barbarous treatment and drivings in Missouri and then into Illinois.. But they. that the "Mormons" had gained over them, and they dreaded the power that we would hold in that State if allowed to remain there and enjoy our constitutional rights. And by Jan. 18 l i, the vile plans, concocted by those sectarian, demagogues and scheming politicians, were carried- - into effect Our city charter" and the charter of the Legion were repealed x : -xi i:t i ' i ii community of peaceable, lawrloving citizens of the United States the land of our birth. Yes, and a boasted land bF liberty and freedom, for the oppressed of all nations. But the work of God still pro- gresseu. nis oaiuw oecame more uuiteu, and the work on the Temple - went ahead with greater speed than ever before, which caused Satan to rage with, greater fury. The fallowing incident occurred- - in our family on the -20th of the same month, January, 1845. My mother gave birth to her sixth son, Brigham Wilh:rd;'her liealth had greatly suffered in consequence" of the troubles. The grat excitement and anxiety of her mind, during tlic scenes- - through" whichshe had passed, being too much, for her feeble frame,)eLandher - -- Oi . I ' i naoe v;ere ouen limes prount neartp the grave; mighty" iai th an'd the administrations of the holy ordinances, their lives were preserved. ; The trial of the men1 indicted by the a T - - . T 1 , - -- - t ; L I 7 but-anothe- . ahead.zrPer?e . nion . . y; both for Missouri and Illinois, to let them e,Ana.wo the of a on 1 not will sav- - as - he d id te 1 r Daniel history forgotten." seemed clouds to be l($ver-inheayy :iIhough over the devoted heads of the Saint?, looking at times very dark and threatening, 7 yet they could not prevent tlTem from enjoying the sunshine of peace, nor the bright hope which rested down upon a JoyaLand people (whose consciences 'were void of offence Wore Him and all the world) with a brighter glow than they had ever before experienced. A material change was wrought in society by the cleansing process which had been going on, as much of the filth and scum had passed off, giving still greater en joyment at "our social gatherings. We had ou r concerts, assisted by the finest orchestra in the .west, ana other ; innocent amusements. in which the youth mingled with those of mature ' years; a nd I can look back to them as some of the happiest' hours of my life. J The dedication of the Seventies' Hall was one of the most pleasant incidents in my recollection. Commencing on the '25th of September, 1844, it was kept up for eight days every quorum meeting in regular order, accompany led by members of their families,- - who prepared 'a feast of fat things," which was partaken of by all, including some of the Apostles, the members of the Choir, and William Pitts band of music, who w;ere in attendance each day to sing the sweet songs of Zion, some of which were composed for the occasion. For a and copy of several songs, composed sung on various occasions in our Kauvoo Con-- y cert Hall, I am indebted to the kindness of Sister Maria Burton, who, with her husband, R. T. Burton, were participates in those pleasant scenes, she being thoughtful enough-t- o preserve them, and which T think are well 7 worthy of a place in history. I here present the Hymn composed by Parley P. Pratt for' the dedication of the Nauvoo Concert Hall, which came off Dec. ' g ; : -- God-fear-i- ng . 20, 1844. , L t ole 1 the-publlepi- to-da- ... been: 'Mormon" criminals, there would have been no mercy shown them, but would have met a similar fate to Joseph and Hyjrum. One of the lawyers employed in defence of the murderers said: "If the prisoners were guilty of. murder, then he himself was euiltv. It was ought to be ki i 1 ed, and public opinion mad e t he ia ws; consequently it was not murder to kill them!" ' The - following letter, written to Brigham Young by the Attorney General of that State, Jcsiah Lamborn, shows how intelligent and honorable men viewed the course taken by the members of that Legislature, and it will hit not a few in this vicinity, aa well aa those'at a distance who, through falsehood of the blackest die, have instituted the present mode of crusade only for the vile purpose of demoral-iziu- g and plundering their more virtuous, honorable and industrious neighbors. He wrote: "I have - always considered that your enemies have been prompted by religious and political prejudices and by a desire for ' plunder and blood, more than for the CQmmon eharterj-an- d goad by refusing all amendments and modifications, our Legislature has given a kind of sanction to the barbarous manner in which you Jiave - been treated. Your two representatives exerted themselves to the extent of their ability' in your behalf, but the tide of popular passion and frenzy was too strong to be resisted. It is truly a melancholy spectacle to witness the lawmakers of a sovereign State condescending' .. Jo pander to tho vices, ignorance and malevolence of a class of people who are at all times ready for a riot, murder and rebellion. Your Senator, Jacob E. Davi3 (one of the murder-cr- $ of Joseph and Hy rum), has done much to j,v.; son the minds of members against anything -- Lie walks at m' large, in defiance yorjayor. , Sir-indicted of law, murderer. If a Mormon was in Us position, the Senate would afford no protection, but he would be dragged forth to the jail or the gallowrs, or to be shot down by a cowardly and bruUal mob." . Many (we admit) were the blind instruments of apostates and aTawlgflrtfiaciplKi?lique and the same is true" bu't they will shut their eyes and their ears to thV truth, little God realizing that they are striviiig-;camswhen trying to compel u's to fb'rEabHis laws and conform to. theirs. Layp '"mado who are doubly dyed in the darkestvjpols "of ' corruption, and would profane and defile our temples, that are being reared to Hir gr?,at and Holy name, if they could,' with alt manner of riot and revelling. This has been their and to break U3 up, but they, will L calculation, find, as have the rest, that this work was" not dependent upon Joseph Smith nor Brigham Young, but that it is established no more to be thrown down. Though many, .through various causes, have slackened in their faith and fallen away, amL some among us have become puffed up in - the pride of their hearts, gold having become their God, duties and covenants are set" aside. . But there are those, . and women toev who are e as the Jewish who mother was exhorted her - seven sons to be courageous, willing to suffer and.' to die if needful, rather than deny or depart from the laws of God, neither mil they "submit to ; On the 27th of the following September, five hundred troops were marched into our. cityby (jrovernor Jb vrd , pretesding tha t theycameior d they-ha- the tyranny, to which Senator Edmunds I3ses to subject them," and we will " say " ' r 'TKiMrk ilia T m.l I.aT r..;... ...lit. ;: little wJiile for our., chastenincr and rrrrff ln yet think not that; our nation is forsaken of Godj But abide awhile, and hphnM rr f "' v,- -" H IS glial power,' how IlelvTII torment thee ind ih V boatVU " sauic3 .fj.riiugiuu jeimeii prcuicteu of the --"Mormons" in 1812, in a letter to the New lork Iltrald: "They may kill one Prophet ami confine in ..chains half: Ids, followers, will take his place, and the Mormon's 'will" still -- go cute them, and you are sure to multiply them. Thi.s is fully proved "since the Missouri per-- . . but-throu- gh" ; :' Truth is our theme, our joy, our song, How sweet its numbers flow, All music's charms to truth belong, Jby-:;mea . ; Our Halls and Temples rear. . Twas truth first formed our band and choir On Zlon's western plains; 'Twas truth that tnned our earliest Ijrc In sweet harmonious strains. - truth this TIall shall be, Wtlle earth and time remains; Sacred to . , as-tru- ' truth ourselves we owe. Twas truth that brought us frm afar; Twas truth that placed us here; Uniou and truth without a jar, To Where the band and choir in harmony hai.t sound thir sweetest strains. trith our union, is. complete, in concert rise, songs At ' jhy the power of truth we'll meet JiLlxi wcg amid tho skies. - - -- ); lo ihe Prihco of Veace, ' firs trath'has made us free;- Ail lu"' tha day of full release, Jlot lias titiths grand jubilee. To w Cojrrm'ED. 7 r; 