wo MtAT3m:$ X p Q of Latter-daSaints, and there are onethird more rplejiothanjthere jryejL were;before at any conference since the Church began. I called the meeting to order ; and offered on the subject of nrnvpr. B. Youno nreached ' We met baptism for the dead. SCENES IN 2UUVOO;AHI) INCIDENTS FROM II. C KIMBALL'S JOURNAL. BY HELEN MMM UR WHITNEY. ' - Father makes frequent niehtionof gather-,- . incs at the Mansion and other places, in whicbf we took part, also of entertainments given at cnrrl thej ConcertHallj andfjpreidkgtliera -- of times, which has served to refresh my memory. Several familiar items I found written in a. Kma.ll nnrtketdiflrv whlnh had been overlooked The following 'he wroterFefern-"- " At ten.o ciocJc in f ary 1st, the evening Elder B. Young and myself went to see Joseph and Hyrum." I remembered this x incident and that he brought home a small scrap from each of their burial robes. Thair bodies had been kept hidden till this time upon Joseph's premises and closely guarded, as there had been large sums of money offered for them bydifferent parties jto speculate upon; but the Saints were never so poor nor so destitute of human feelings as to commit such an act towards any one, much less men so beloved and revered as were the Prophet Joseph and lo-lo- . . . . his brother Hyrum. " t Father speaks of frequent - visits - paid - to "iheirmother and their to widows, Emma and Mary Smith. The 2oth of April following, he mentions "assembling at the Mansion in company with five of the Twelve, Sister Emma and Dr. Bernhisal to see the giants, Frederic W. Randall and his lady. He afterwards took me with other members of his family to see them. None others were present but Brig-fl2nYou- which circumstance was n, inresa! upon ray mind by his looking so diminutive as they stood aide by sidewith the giant He wore an immense gold watch and chain, also a the latter, which we large pin and finger-rinso handled,"was large that it went easily over three of the President's largest fingers. Jle was heavily built and had a deep and powerful voice. His wife was about the right hight for him, but did not seem to enjoy going about the world for a show as much as he did, being in a delicate state of health, she expressed her repugnance to this kind of fife and a desire for a more quiet one bacfc. in their native land g, -- amonsr the higWands. Thy reminded us so of the characters we read of in the "Scottish chiefs" and other novels of the olden times, when their brave chieftians and ladies of high degree were all large in stature. The Book of Mormon and Bible also, tell us that there were ""giants in those days." On the "6th of February," father wrote, "Last night I dreamed I was at work on my wheel, with others, in the pottery and putting vessels in the kiln for burning. Several were assisting the work was great" He also turns going with my mother to a potter shop, and says, "I made a crock upon the wheel, the first one for nine years. Those acquainted with him knew him to be a this was his potter, favorite trade, and . he frequently made use of the parable as Jesus did. He first learned tho blacksmith trade, when but a boy in the State of Ycrmont, which business he carried on in the winter and the pottery during the warm weather. Both were very profitable trades and would have made him a wealthy man, but instead he willingly gave his time and talents towards the great work of building up our h ather 8 Kingdom. r He gives the following account of their April Conference in 1815, which was held, after the first day m one of the vallevs a little south -- TdfAmnaA in "April 6th. Weather beiD . fwAtifxr llift'isflnrl 1w fitting Meetiag opened ;by 6. IIydeOhentHe"ittle W "nliiMrpn wpta Mpsspr? five in the afternoon. rump, tn ft rlose flt The wind blew hard "II""7"7" .... at ten o'clock in a val""fondayjTtnTet ley among the hills. Spent the forenoon talking about the Temple and Nauvoo House. In the afternoon the revelation on' the Nauvoa House and tithing was read by Elder 0. Pratt, then Elder B. Young spoke." I spoke one hour in "April 8th. B". the morning Elder Young filled up the time. The afternoon- was occupied-b- y B. five and con0. o'clock the At Young Hyde. ference adjourned till next October. AH went and very dusty." v ';- - . - x V off well.'; On the evening of the 9th, he mentions ing at theConcert Hall and enjoying the singmandjnusi(vetc, . be- beau-tif- ul meeting-hel- d A. "the next evening he speaks of G. J. Adams and Samuel Branson being cut off "from the Church for bad conduct, also about getting the Masonic Hall for a Drintine' office. "This lodge," he savs. "was organized on th loth day of March, 1842, with forty members.x dosepn omitn was made a Mason on the same evening, Abraham Jones was present and acted as Master. The first night he (Joseph) took the rat and vocond " Wrw, tho next night took the third degree." fhe following I copy from his largest journal: "Joseph and Hyrum ...Smith were blaster Masons, yet they were massacred through the instrumentality of some of the leading men of hat fraternity through the States. Although bound under-th- e strongest obligations to bejrue and faithful to each other in every case and under every circumstancethe wuiuiiMiuu crime excepted. A There is no denvinc? that thprA ro cnmA -- luw S .f History and hid in y with the ChurX same where Joseph ad , previously been conceS W Richards was then sick with the chilis and fever, and President Young's health quite por Father wrote the mom ng follow' g,"Haagood-night'8p- ' Bu dreamed of seemg a vessel blown on to drv dreamt land- -I of saving being drowned. A. bmith came tn na. - ouBg and I went homo. At XZQ n.. . . Pm,n m o'clock in the morning Joseph KihburyJbok " him in his buggy to Aaron Farr's. . This place was a mile or two from the city, on the edge of a thick; wood,, where he staid in the afternoon thatday. Mv mother went o himT He wrote Vitharahmgsburirto-5ef hA that writ into hp forest twice to Trav, the second time accompanied by my mother. They Jeit in the edge or the evening he to meet with the Holy Order at W. Bichards from: back to Bishop' "therehemeiomcf ' then .went ' " Hunter's.''.; ':' : VilatwAth-SaraOn the i9th. hejgay.g? h Ann Kingsbury took me in a buggy to Brother Eobert Pierce's, where I fjund Brig-haYoung, John Taylor and George A. Smith. We rested all day and felt refreshed received great kindness from sister Pierce and her two daughters, Mary and Margerete; may the Lord bless them with peace and plenty After dark wen tth rough the city disguised saw many of the Saints, but they knew me not; went home where I found my wlfe Vilate, and all well but lonesome went back to my lodging at eleven almost as light as day." JNext day he wrote that Willard Richards' came there with the Church Historv. "About ten o'clock in the morning (he says) my dtar uais wc jscj me iiu ouster oarau iiun Kingsbury. They left in one hour, and my daughter came, and Sarah Ann with her,' .and they took lunch with us at two ' m , , o'clock." This visit at Brother Pierce's I remember very well. Several of the Apostles were present that day, and we rgpfint a very agreable afternoon in conversation, while some were engaged reading history, and wo hod fiorae good singing. -- Brother Taylor sang "The Upper Call," composed by himself. We left at dusk, after which father wrote in his journal: Oh Lord, bless my dear wife and children, that all be they may righteous from the oldest to the youngest, and all live till they become old." He came home and staid that nighty but was called up at three in the morning and went to the trustee's office, where he remained through the day. d4Q trie7eniDg (te says) I rode down with Bishop Whitney to administer to his wife and two s children, and Julia Durphy, who was work-mgfo- r them they were very sick.". A few days after thi3 my mother was taken sick with chills and fever, and father could come to see her at night It was three only weeks before they could meet with the Saints, and this course they were compelled to take much of the time, while they were building and perlorm-m- g the work in the House of the Lord. Our persecutersand. the murderers of the Prophet and Patriarch supposed when they .. u, mi3 act would be the death llow to, Mormonism, but when finding out their mistake, and that the Saints did not resent it as they expected them to, commenced the -same course towards thetheyApostles, to whom Joseph had delivered the Keys of the Kingdom. But knowing themselves to be innocent and that they would be treated in a similar manner, having prqven hxnr much justice there was to tfae .Unit SStes for "Mormons;" vtw0u la no notion of putting .7 haiPn3TnH0f to be dungeons, for thiV would have adeadstandstiU to the work the . -- - fcfand, . good Visit. . upn people (as 'a bonest and smcere followers ZrCZ v ards better, but B. Young qSe day wet and chilly. and wUht0USmUif:' dinned "15th rinll ihu ? PS Wj. notbis Y The Saints convened at ten een years sinc the organization of the Church of Jesus ; . -- mean and disreputable characters us the same as are found in all other among communities, and those who (Judas like) sought to lucuwcives juio me good graces of both parties; and according to Jesus' words the net .was to gather of all kinds; but those who have not already met their just rewards, will in due let him be "Mormon," . time Gentije or Jew or whatever name they be called by, each may one will be made to answer for his or her own sins whatever crime they may haye committed it will return four-fol- d upon theii- - own headl 11 the 12th of th Allowing father and several of his brethmy ren found it necessary to conceal themselves to .escape the clutche, of their enemies who cme there to serve their writs. Father, B. Younff . uJVk'ih Last night I dreamed I saw many serpents JJhey jumped atrme butxlid not bite." At four y ' the Christ, l a?d controled in the Holy Vnestho 4f d governed by weretinu8Uy prin-h- h being taught and bave been driven to desperation, end long ago have attempted - 