, W1 - -:- O' ti' troD, author of "Wild Flow ers fT JjrfcLiiUdAk di atctj to th crlKttt- Xhi jffvyw - Buck, their no laborer in orcry'" tree heart t i t ri '1 Picture and -- (!iurf'lij..ni r ' U , " ' 5 i . . i . .11 uJ e. .. - ' - ire halJjsa o rtit-fsiv- in : : f r tlw tU!drr7age' is in v VMfe 6:iVor i g l n a i a ty e, u n J i not on' y v ery s w e e " J : V )t . : lu'M'ey spVropr'atc: ; Jrr;n spirits dear! yc light the path That else wcTc ioiio nnd.diiir, I follow where yoar saluted fect - Lead onward up to Iliin, ""AmnicVr above life's discords your heav'n dnspire'd hjmn.'! ; ' t?-M- -- ulj itr thef aVrcinable ffliiea: .MormonwhJ I 1 . t H true, waa are a .disgraie, and other that are dronea iu the hive. Tfafrhrineeted nevyijo are al gruajbliug, ara realiy t;j ba pitied, for they are 9 ia'ndic g in their own Jiibt. 'But wo nvt" trot wonder that 8tan is up in arms and muhinggood U3e of tho littlo time' that i.Jeft liimfor Z on isgroda Jn wftdom and pwer, snd swiftljiraadiug' over this land of premise. If God had not been on our ide cur institutijna would Jang si uolliiva die! a natural doath, and " cxisicnca. iuMswa.jji .yjsiia uot now But tho united prayers that have been, contiau-ail- y ordered up in behalf cf the Latter-daSaints have been aaBered, and we have been pject- fed con Vi n ual IjrroTirXulaidTTf .our tueinie p, TErrled OLHkikEeaj a.m2gktc&.nly-havelrj- en wb m nn 'organ iza tion s their sy m-- -I ok Had mottles.- gi ven in su jh a O licate fashion z ! sYAv-n- p (he harmony of all, is indeed 7 ij'iilc a.otudy. We cannot doubt that the work" - an d it isoniething ro en- tirely different to anything before denned that 1 i wi)i i eqiiiteTGvtltyand surprise. Its liif tcrlcal value willbo-jhonor to the lady who had the tact arid lalen1", the energy, and do undertake tha responsibility Without m pofse-rvsrrsr- i j . y ce jnxirwy, trusting thaeneroTiarpiblicanirtbT the J atronago of her fi iai and .admirers And TVeTustriOt forget, add her faith in Gad .to His- hie dn g upon:h t fTuTmbleetlcr Is . into t- " fdect. ,;Bit," . II j. must, or the honor' - . nation -- rUare ;n I'll jn our Wi: UEo vilhTOT What headway can the Church -- institutions make as as this organzsd libertinism and enthroned' long indtcrncy are allowed to remain? The men of. throttling this" evil have .not yet carao t'J the front. I wonder from v. hat stta' they wid come, and in whic;h Congress thfy will ap ptar, and what will be the ir de of their attack. E ght hundred ciptivei of Mormon dom, under the care of their captors, alio we i on the Sib-bat- h diy to pa3 through New York is a mon- 'strosi ty , a nd t f ai 1 she calamities of t h e wee k is the most cilatnitori?'." Oyn waited gepulcher? why, all the Kins .nd iniquities that can" na icr&ped up and gathered from every uMor- mo !" could n ct to c 1 a pared wi I h - the given by thk same Kir. in one : of his best Bermons upon the condition of . dety where ho thrive?, and m ;uy others cf" tha rich and pampered Pharisees, who preach oi.Iy for hire and divinu for mcney,.but utterly rtfuife to : hsstenina:. to correct a ifue. J&st wln-r- o mad it appear aaif Mrs7 Barney hadgiven sn cr iiid leetiirT to tiie" Y; L. M. lV Association of the 8tU Ward, ?The truth k she Fim-- j iy rea i through co irttsy, Dr. Fratt dcture which an irnperativeprcftesional call 'ntercept-cDr. IVatL presenting herself. d iljss ICate Field log ue it irrralt Xa J 1 wdH giveher o The at u, November 5. Musl mm.. M oDdfiyeven-iL- o' Those who with' to have a niutical treat should Le sure and attend. ., Lon-- v dcri &r.d papers fpsak very hi;;h!y of h:r rerparkabJe tali ntora public enter talc nirn a7riDV of dhe Jady Vvt rs fitility of -- Aicn tal- - nt ve csnnot ludp thinking her fap-eire- de-cripti- t? uce at the theatse will -l; and w be a "euccesa prcfessicnally hope it will bo financhiiJy. . Wextrtrreait Avicksdne of their daily aud.dejr vi'yr and is cno Jit tie item pubii3hed at JJetroit, h.rj August 1st; 1S33. (At Bjy C.ty, this morning', t!;e bodies if five dead infants were fouud in a vault in the resr cf Mc Crmick Block." Thee are trifling things, which are thought little or nothing of, and are of every day occurence in their boasted Chrietain circles. UnUueh things are horrifying to Latter-da- y faints, who bdicvo in obeying all the commands of the AImi5hiy, and we are audacious enough to practice tiia an- dent order of the Patriarchsr And we know that hell is the portion of those who.t&ko what they cannot give, the life of a human ieing, except in Felf defence. The Rev. Talrnage proposes a different' mode from" Christ's teachings in the New Testament, that would have told them of Ilim who came to seek and save that which was lest. It is truh3feaiaaeriea; openellnlhlrhiillrcund JaltLake City might 01 ce have put a quietus on the "Mormon?," had they not been held tack by a higher power who dtc'ared, ;Thus far thalt thou go and no farther. ' It would, be well for such as him to fctcp before they arrive ai "tho. day of judgment' and consider well their teps, that they pass not will have to meet it in (&Ue judgment, for the g!vthg-MDmcn,Qapy"qq- VISIT AND INFLECTIONS. it would be a pkaure could we give a sketch, cf cur trip down through Utah BUke with Sister E. S. Taylor, and afterwards to Nephi with Hifcter ErBr We l?buT there wera go many dealing dnciden fa attending cur journeying and the intere3ting Conferences, with the greeting of old friends and making new ones, etc., -- that itwouid te useless for one to begin aa it wouid take up too much ppace. But I C3n te.Mi fy that we found thtm enjoying a kind and inspired by the eame desire to becomespirit one n spirit and in truth, which we met in every Settlement. Thad never before vi&ited farther than Hpringvillo aud I confess that I wis Eur-- 1 riK'd, more especially to see what a multitude of mtcdligent and neatly dressed children, with trlght, .happynd pretty faces that are ; growing op in thu midat of this peopled The of tho Primaries worn varied and estinir, and their tinging End all was very . - . ex-trci?C- fi charming,. The JRelief Sccietieaand ycung psc- Asaofdatiensjudgieg from the reports that ere read and the full bouses, with tho good order and attention paid to the speakers, were Is : Dr. Ta!m;;3 say, ;go.U and Virtue, end dify v(Jhh of God and reformatory .111 f?iJKUi misiaKa b vxithiowf-curfcon?ehcld?Ifow""Ih- have ty re jo'cd end gloated over the rain of curtain ones who hare disobeyed the teachings and counsel received from their parents and friends, arid been captivated hy tha charm? and deceitful flattery of their serpen MkeJonguBP iaugii over thelnisery an j desolation which they - have hfcjptd jn:a:comr;ly, nLd- - thcn undertcka" to palm their unholy deeds upon the practice . of the ydural order nf of- -mnrriwfyAAlin ycung itich and Smith, but in so dciog thtir own ignorEnce an 1 rnaliea isrmade manifest neither of them having been born of what they ; - L ic:r-dr;y8in- -- J;a We have had abundant causei to ff ar and 5V)ie7..t! mil in g;by poc rl tea who have lain wlt i en?na:e oar yjuthand would glory in"' tho" s half li'ad rrot bten :) orJ-g- glva-f.atiafaction- i 1 1: n; j adge that our so- -; a i h v d f re c t i on" A nd h-- v y-r- Go ?fo fm ; - v 'will in JJusiJ JiiDgs zUe he among tuo ''" authr o' this unique wot It, jat6r; f th$ drawing Jin'.i (its inning, all denu by herowu and ingenuity .ceHaduly" will; do herself great credit, Trie beautiful illusttatibris of the Lat- "i Jrj I thst day wlicn all mast stand before the Bar of - at - ; i tiiHtw h U.i-gre- . ' 85 to th p dold abQUt the Ignorance, vice and dogredat'Ian V - fcJl dHar.e worStja , "0, lv n Lvtl?3yif-t- i-- and touching, ' r Mr?.-'Crccht- " EX POIf ENT. S IntU'ed(d, end .Ho trjli:- - lo iiro priufipie, rf the tejeJ, ruid AHiin in work ;r f ! i a TOTcWii'ii I t'ia vi- v -- - IF term mothers. They have openly and iusuHing'y told our youth to rebel against our teachings as well as every righteous princi-p- is contained in the Gcsptl of Christ, wh'cli every t r u e Ha n t I:a striven soljngaud dil U' gently to instil into the hearts of their oflepring .eLCouraglog our ecm to get drunk, to freq itrt gambling cells and bouses of ill fame, or anything to break us up, no matter how bad they become Mormonism is destroved. Such w it greatest sini of onr JjaonjwjBrbeorahe youth which are laj ing at the doors of theee rep-tiiin huti;an fhape. And they will yet have to tate more of the bitter dregs of sorrow and angui.-i- i than is now rending the hearts-stringsof those who have loved and cherished these sons, who, thanks to the abandoned wretches that have crept into our midst, have become fit . -- I ' o es " suijects for the criminal cell, G6d gi&rft th&t r their example may serve as a deepina lasting kiFon to others who may incline to te way ward and disobedient, and understand distinctly that theie are. some of the choi:e fruits of Christian ciyil.zitior . Yes, and thty intend, if pofsible, to Efcake our pescifui and order y citit the same as t! eir own, which are filled full of vllcness ' and corruption. And n)W let me say a few words to my young: fr;en,'s and sisters, for I am interested in (heir wthfare anU wish to see them: all made happy, Had we always lived as we should do could our enemies hava ga'.oe t sp strouga foothold a9 they have injOur m!dst?i think not. Had we strict-.l- y kept the laws of God and of health, which be. long to those lawSjddjejhislovo ob.t such a hold upon ua, eflecticg - our bodies and our spirits, taking from us so many cf our loved cms, the little innocents that so twme themselves around our tenaerast heirt-etrlngkaving so many ttrickea and heart broken pa. rents an 1 friend8, who wlllmourn over their untimely death, and their own, seemingly, unjust and needless bereavements, and " often-timmurmur and blame Providence for the same. But were we williDg to search Intj our own ourselves we mighty hearts aud then Jearn the true causa. We have all fallen,. end therefore are bcrn and begottoirin sin, snbT" we naturally cltave to the world and the things. of the" world, and those who are not very careful before tfiey kre aware of it will have drifted away into darkne&s and unbelief, aud apoatacy is the euro result. We havu witneseed these things from the very beginning, and know tb&t it would be far better if we would keep humble,. and always listen to tha teachings and a Jmonl- tions of thesa whem the Lord appoints as thephei d to guard His fold. We should not slumhsr, but be wide awake to the times and the scenes which are right at Qjr time here is very short and precious, and should bo well spent. The reading cf flj-ti- cn is a loss of tima, for In that we can gain no knowledge nor intelligence pertaining to cwt .. s, es cross-queEti- on and-p!aje- our-door- s'. 7 " 