A November 12th, SMer M. I. Home ahdE. 8. Taylor went to Handy to meet "a J tii the Relief" Society nnd Trlma-- y Af80'l3-titThe rneetingH were h Id In the new mtfct' Ing house, and were very well attended. Biabdp Jlolman wa present and rnade; eorao excel lent remarks. Wagcn leads of slat enr came over from Union to attend the meetings and receive instructions. The annual meeting of the Relief 8ccle(y conyened at 10 a.ra , Mrs. WJlhelmina Oleen presld-inai d tht lMniary meeting was hel j at 2 p.m. Much interest was manifested by the s's tera in trying to .Improve and renew diligence in their laborj OjrSaturday, November 10, we had the pleas-- , ure of attending the annual meeting of the Pri Eleventh Ward of tbia. mary A8tjcciation-of7th- e Mrs. Louie Felt presiding.' There were City, over one hundred children present. After, the exercises, which consisted of singing and recit- - .. ing from the little ones, two essays and one organ eolo, and the answering of qutstions from "Bible Questions and Answers," remarks were made by some of the ladiea who were present by Invitation, Sisters M. I. Home,' E. 8. Taylor, E, B. Wells and M. A. Freezs, the last'named speaker dwelling with special earnestness upon the "Word of Wisdom." After the remarks of the sisters cne of, the girls of the Association stepped forward and- - preceded by a few words ; the presentation of a very handsome plain cold ring to Mra. Felt, a tribute of affection from the children under her care. Mrs. Felt responded In rather a touching tone, evidently affected by this expression of their I )Ve, and said the ring resembled her lovo for the children, .aa it was wlthoutjend. One of the secretaries then read ON Monday, n. . -' g, -.- .. jt - - some verees composed for: the occasion. It Is very evident that Mrs. Felt and these associated with her in this most excellent work have won the love of those under their care, which la a great point gained. One of the best features of this particular Association ia that regularly previous to the opening prayer the president inquired if they know of any sick to be prayed for. And the children state If there are any, and especial Jy any of the members, and they are prayed for In faith, and very often the sick have been healed, or if not healed, benefitted by thee .hum'ble petitions, to w hich the "most ferven t amen from the children ia added. After the meeting adjourned refreshments were served to all in the bouse.r ThesiTlittle meetings for spir itual education should be encouraged by the parents, and every opportunity given for the cultivation cf faith and the Holy Spirit. "MissTTate Field gave her "Mu3lcal Mono-- , logue" in the Salt Lake Tneatre, Monday evening, November 5th, to a large and intelligent audience. It was something entirely different from entertainments generally, quite original in style and excessively funny. It was full of wit and sparkle, and merriment was the consequence. Everybody laughed, they couldn't .help It, and wouldn't if they could. If a good laugh Is a good thing for the health, then Misi Field must have done considerable towards 1m- - proving the condition of her audience. To enu- -' merate all the gopd points and elaborate upon Uhe entertainment would take more ability than we poseess, but will say it was thoroughly enjoy-abl- e, especially "The silent song," the "Spanish Muleteer's song," with castanets, the toast of the Englishman at the dinner party, "Tbeltal' ian Opera Burlesque," etc., etc. : Mias Field la a' clever humorist, and one appreciates the fact most emphatically when they listen to hsr Mav steal Monuloge. She is quite deserving of all - the papers say ta'her Tpraise 7No doubt her play presented qme time ago ia London wag fair or good hit and thrusts, a the name would t W0 - M AN'S EX VOMJMJl. Indicate, "Eitrernea .Met.u - Her-boo- 03 the speaker added,witb much e mpb as I 'Ladles, your societies are too parsimonious In paying fcaIarierto preachers and teachers wbo'exhaust all thir eyrarjatrmH and eneraiee.'and thn have to Jeave leet Mony li what "Ten k, Days in 8pan," U iad to "be a very entertaining a hmori-t- , and work, and Jd?in?,f the lady seeing the eoar'e si Je of abiurd and ridiculuB : things, and able to present them, to the pubffc in the mcnt happy fashion, "we ghouid C3hclude her to be an a Jept-i- n the stj'I! of. writing bril- liant and amusing articles onfall eubjects. suppose! wlihitwmeTuture time not far dis tant give the public some of her experience in the Weat, that will be quite equal in point of niirit.Jefet and .witticism t the London inci dents an i the burleiq-a- cf Italian, opera. Mira b ield is con pjlgmg.hertsyHnairXike to sider5hTy, probably gather material for future ; U8?i in the meantime it U to be hoped that 'the vlady with her sharp shrewdness will be able to discern truth from error, and facts from fiction, and not be prejudiced in her views by thoee who, make it their busines3 to cram tourists, especially editors and writers. --We wish ,lier a pleasant and profitable stay in our mountain home, and success and safety in her journeyings,and .prosperity in her efforts for progress in the" right -- , tbjave. , wa. elicited, and a Kenerous contribution given at the close of t he service." 'Twent in tohearwhat ebeLWDnid Jaave to say- on the In terestlng subject of. Mormonism, and --will tell you that the report In the Commercial Gazette of the speech, is correct as far aa it goes. But the reporter forget to raent f on t b at Mrc. &tfe'xiVMn i w Tji RrnowandTSrEerlFdies there, with whom she had held argumentative conversations for hours at a tlmeand then ac-- 'knowledged to herself that she had made no headway at all towards upsetticg the Scrlptur Newmanjaf-Eliz- a e , , ' ; direction. LET TER FRO M CISTCINNATI. - Dear Erti tor: : - 1 -- ; . ' , . . al argumenta they brought forward in proof of Mormonlam, that they were earnest, intelligent and very superior women. That.what Mrs. Newman said against Mor. monism was in the words of a Mr. Bate; repeating word for word the article I sent to you once from the California paper. She also re ferred to Mrs. Stenhouse. Perh aps I expected too much from one who had seen the evils of Mormonism, or I was prejudiced, in your favor, beforehand, but I really did not think that Mrs. Newman proved very much against you, though she Is a good speaker and seemed IhTeaTnestrZTL v- - I eend you pome clipping from the Cincinnati Commercial Gazette, and Cincinnati LEcquirer, -- Qpe T. thought. her argumenta contradictory. apQ take a few moments of time from press- - he saiJ: "Home la a word not known In Morlng duties at home and beside my mother's monism; they have no home?, only kennela for sick bed to write to you concerning the lecture Then afterwards she said: reproduction." of Mrs, Newman. "These new couverta brought from "Mr. Anie F, Newman, of Nebraska, is In many cf tbem yoahggirl, seefng the the city, and the guest of Mrs Dr. R. H. RusN Mcrmons In their thrifty, p'eaeant homes, Imag Mrs. Newman is deeply Interested in all that concerns the welfare of her own sex In Ine that tbefre could be no happier life than to phjsicil, social, and religious life. She has spent much be one of the wives of thtae- - men, and to reign --ttlme not onljr exhibiting asubstantial with them as queens In paradiee w uld be the sympathy for the cause of Home Mis3ion?, but has closely studied the problem of Mormonism highest blie; but they awaken from their as it relates ta women, in its usea and abases, imaginative dreams in bondage, ' soul and and is prepared to give much intelligent and rev body." liable information on the subject. It has b?en Mrs. Newman, belonging to the upper, and proposed to call a meeting, to be compo?ed caUed,by her duties, to the lower strata of socles strictly of the Hdies of all denominations of the to be held on Monday next at 1 ty, must acknowledge that in her ol servatious city 2:30 p m , at St. Paul M. E. ,C urcb, to meet i of the rules and regulations of both, even outMrs. Newman and her an address." The lady, side of Mormon'sm, the sme thing is true of who is said to te a very ta'ented and attractive young g'rls and the married state. They never sneaker, is en route ff r the National Convention, learn the geography of the state well until they of the W. C. T U., at: Detroit, and haa consented to remain in the city for the benefit of those get into it, then generally find that theybave who may, wish to meet her. traveled down ward when h ey thought! they "The pfcture of Mormonism In its relation to were g6ing north, that the capital is Selfiabnesp, the classes of wompn are both and located on the river Lust, instead of B'iss inn the ' painful. The stronghol l of their system resities in three dominant features: their missionary orParadise river. Her observations certainly tell ganizations, financial and ecclf8iastical8ystem8A Every man, woman and ch ild Is required to "That marriage bliss is mostly an empty dream, of everything they possess in give : And things are not what they seem." money and goods, and this brings in the immense revenue of 51097,O0O par annum. SeverI looked about me, befo:e the leciure bean, al hundred missionaries are employed continuand saw some familitr h ces, and thought, how ally, and it is expected to make two thousand well sea'skin facquesantf paisley eh awls cover converts a year. In proselyting, the subject of hearts full of bitterness; I knew that soma came polygamy is never mentioned, but there is pre -- sen ted a of JtheT"Latter day there because they must interest themselves in pure organization Saints." They entrench themselves behind the samethJng to take their minds off domest'c trouChristian's Bible, claiming that Jesus was the ble, or go mad. And their goodness of heart founder of their system. leads them into missionary wojk and keeps them "Among the civil features la the enfranchisement of women, which la used to Justify their from tak leg opium cr liquor to silence the cries of ' and balance and the power, give position of their anguished souls. to chains serves vote the woman's tighten every I am glad that Mis. Newman tpoke to the of their degradation and bitter bondage. Women ladles of Cincinnati; the subject of marriage, in are graded aocording to their capacity to work, and children are loveless, deformed and a blank. ail its phases, it an important and interesting A a Every house is house of prostitution. one, and ever will be. grandmn may take for his wives his mother, of As in agriculture in fact In all nature there mother and sister, and the presentation their Is a constant demand for changesthe old stock teachings and its effects on their lives is such aa of basis words. The can scarcely be made in ldegenerate8 unJesg grafting, budding, and jcrpsa-- z " - tbeir religion is polygamy, and woman's highest -ing are eclentifical'y attended to, so It may be office to reproduce the species, There la no love, la social life,' At any rate, Mrs. Newman, the car or tenderness. ilormons and othera do well to stir and irrigate "Mrs. Newman then spoke good Im Sociemade by the Home Missionary the soil, scatter new sead; if the counsel and atchildren of Mormon Hundreds Utah. in the work te of man it will come to nought, but ty tend ttie Christian schools, which are-thhope if it be of . God it will be established in due time of the country, and hundreds more would aposand cannot be overthrown Emily Scott, tatize did they dart,and a shelter were provided, - j foreign--countrie- s, ln-Ut- ah and-suburb- . ?, ( fctn'-tlin- g one-tent- h -- of-t- prei-sion- he s e V 