WOMAN'S EXPONENT erne e njoymont, a time ot liberty and peace, two messengers rode into camp having just, arrived from the plains rHhkt-bitmmtntri'- apr - i i - , . i , living at mac place and bind it up. ... I a time where the old church blacksmith shop now is, in a small' adobie house. Unfortunateafterwards I fell on ly for me fourteen months the ice and broke it again, which was as a natur- al consequence more severe and more troublesome than the first break. In those days wo did till our own spinning, coloring and weaving. l nau an jmikjs" pisii pum" as I was by theliameorParsons to assist me -unable to use my arm for some time. .Sister Parsons was a very good woman, very capable ' PRESEKDIA LATEEOP ? KIMBALL., Continued.' "During the early period of the fife of my son Joseph I was engaged in teaching a private school in the. old scboolhouse built by President Young, in which, for many year?, ward meetings were held initha,tlQcality, 'nhn fnst- meeting where the childrcn were blest alter the pattern of the Savior, and according to the order of the Church of Jesus Chaist of Latter-'daSaints. There, on one occasion, Joseph was blest by President Brigham Young, and great things. "syerc promised him, among which it was said that he should supersede his father in holding the keys of the priesthood upon thencarth. I was very grateful for the blessthe one ings and promises made to him-bholding the highest authority given to man upon the earth, and yet it created in me a feci-- ; ingof greater humility as well as an. ardent desire to dedicate him more fully to the divind work to be accomplished in this generation. I felt theneed of the Holy Spirit tu assist me in - training him up' in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.': ; 4 ; ... "Zion was growing and increasing, people" were getting more comfortable homes, and the prosperity of theSaint3 was gradually becom-in- g apparent. From a barren and desolate land villages and towns, farms and mills spng up by-d-in t of thehard "labor and" enfgies"bf tli(ipcojleraideel and blest by the Almighty. My husband's wives were all made quite com fortable for those days, although now such surroundings would seem quite and countrified. We had to card, spin and color our yarn, and weave, and the dresses made, by our own hands were more highly appreciated by us then, than the silks and velvets some of our young mothers are ablo to buy now. .We -kne w th e wwthrof fheselhings, for ou r own hands had made them. We made our own soap, - y. aniliadjlike . day.'' ... . The next event of importance which occurred in the life of Sister Preseudia happened ou -- tfljHliCJo Oliver iKlpmhcr-srrn and to move a lye leauh was walking backwards and hit her heels against a log and fell breaking her- left arm. The elbow turned downwards breaking the ligaments of the wrist. In her own words, "it was a terrible smash." She says, "I got up by help of my knees and held my arm with my right hand, straitened the arm and fixed the bone so as to make it look natural and sent for Brother Kimbalh He said it looked to'be right and he did not believe it could have j all been broken, so sent "for Dr. Ezra Williams who lived just across . the street, by this time the arm was so painful I could hold "it myself no longer, and Sister Williams, the. Doctor's mother, held my hand for me. Dr.6 Williams was not a surgeon and was unable to determine whether the arm was broken or not. Accordingly Dr. France was sent for, -- he understood the. human organism thoroughly and - - .JneMn-elyha- t Zihess the arm. Knowledge is power :n such extremities as this. I then learned ray arm - was broken by the sense of feeling when the " - -- ' CO i ... :v preciate' every elfort for advancement in the di rection ot temporal progress. In those early times in the valley the Saints were blest with great faith, and there was very little sickness, the gitfs of the Gospel were en joyed to a great legrchel)eoplewere humble, and 'the pride of the world was not so prevalent as it is to- -- p-- y we made our own molasses for sweetening, from beets and sugar cane; we made on r own candles, and live!! mostly, by v.wnv,. uf homo made articles. All this w:;: a rich experience, and" taught us how to fttl for each other, and'to ap- lor ten years we can save ourselves by; the fstate"" help ofGod . JTh e griivest-inatte- rs discussed there the were next few hours . during :". and the people returned with "sobered countenances and reflecting iipon the serious condi- f If lion ,orf anairs. 'The historv6fth"e " Echo Canvon war i w,ell known, thi3 wa3 the next particular inci- dentfit occurred the folIowingTaH and winter, My son Oliver wa3 one of the number who went out with that expedition under" Gen Wells, and many were the hardships' endured by those brave men. Their clothing was poor and many suffered much with the cold on ac- ; count of that. Oliver had his share of the bitter experiences of that time and came homo ' when he was 'relieved 'from duty destitute and ' v worn out with i fatigue."; '. this was "the move," which trans-pircFollowing in the spring of 185-This wholesale moving a .time of experiences, the people were comparatively poor, especially in clothing and what is known as family groceries, and any sort of delicacy or luxury was rare, and was always saved for the I movcd hlF" sick among us. Prcsiden family south 'a few at a time, as did all those who had large families, for whatever the world " may think of the advantages men .enjoy in having large families, there is certainly a heavy responsibility resting upon them, especially when there is any move to be made involving a change of place or residence. Large bodies move siowiv.' it is said, and that h a r j at these large famiiie3couldnot move south the same time. Sister Presendia at this time had her two boys, Oliver who was then a grown young man and expected to dp a man's work family, and her little son Joseph, just ' at a most interesting age. "It had been determined to leave our. lovely city to the army and all go farther south. Bro; Kimball fitted up Jsome teams and started a -part of his numerous family, I being one of the number to make' the first move to leave our homes,..the other- - wives- - were Anna Gheen" kind-hearte- . . .- best, no one can do everything, and my sewing was greatly behind on account ot my naviug " had these accidents." Sistereroy R. Thorn " d soul, understanding my: son, dear, ' circumstances made a surprise party and a;, sissewing bee all in one, and thus a. few good ters helped each other and made up the child-- . ren's clothing. Such kindness I shall never forget. These were the times of- scarcity, and .the Spring of 1856 was the time of the grasshopper famine,' when those who had something; laid by lived on half raiions, but many--of the Saints" had no provisions at all and those who were partly supplied, divided their scant store with those more destitute than themselves. I .felt so keenly the sufferings of the people in this time of scarcity that although I , only rations in common with tlieirest of Bro. Kimball's family, yet I asked the Lord . old-fashion- -' ' - . United States mail, and brought the tidings of Johnston's urmy being on the march for Utah. ' What a feeling came over the people with theso tidings. President Young had only just before said if they will let us aloSe with" the . e ana give a in prayer ta take away-n- iy without me strength-t- o it, so that I keep up might give my rations to the poor children who had nothing. Strange as it may seem the Lord heard and answered my prayers. I was enabled to keep" up" my usual strength with scarce any food at all, and the desire of my heart was granted me that I might impart'my share to those who had none. In that dreadful time many w'eieJeenesjDfdistri!S3-fjiti- ful to relate, "arfd some were not able to endure this severe test of their faith and apostatized from the Church and went away. Some lived -- on nothing but roots and greens for weeks together. Verily it was a time of. trial that pierced men's sou; to hear one's children crying for bread without a morsel to give is something that even strong men shrink from, and ..the tender hearts of mothers in times like these are torn with anguish." "In the summer ,of 1857 it was arranged there. should, be celebration of ho . 24th of July, Pioneer Day as it- - is called, in the tops of the mountains, at the head waters of Big Cottonwood. Quite elaborate prepara- Itipns were made and bund reds' of the people gathered there the-d- ay previous. Brigham d M-- . . n-h- r ; in-th- e -- ' Kimball and Ellen JVjeJweje.jnQ . MMmshrfriHaUSn Kimball, Daniel II. .Wells, . resoum aa.i all ,v?ro .., very la,,,,y. no- - frrtm 'uuuuiitm lups. In the midst of --n- the-cost- y . - InrrK family and wel I j)rovided for. We left Salt Lake City and our pleasant homes so endeared to us because of our previous privations and wanderings, on the last dav of Mamh. 1858. We had no expectation of returning; we made the sacrificefully countings .- It was o new thing for the Latter-daSaints, and . seemed to accept it with the same spirit they of serenity .and resignation, that has ever and always characterized their movements in times 't of the severest trial. While I was in Spring- yille I was ahvaysjmsy-- , every one had to work, it was an absolute necessity. I had left all, my home, my furniture, my household appurte-- . nances, such little things as are the ornaments of home, it was very little we could take with us, only the barest necessities, but all I wished particularly for was my bedstead, lying on the floor again was so hard after our long and tedious journeys, it was annoying obliged--1submit to it again, "and all on account of these who had already previously driven us into the wilderness and been thecause L&lL our hardships. . Still there wa3 no hardness in our hearts, only "pity for the condition in which -- -- eak to -peak on tho tt iv e were so npar Kimball, with s all our children. My son Oliver had been -- married just before to Mary Ann Lack. Our, directions were to go as far as Springville and remain there in care of Bishop Aaron Johnson. -- Ceorge A. Smith, and in fact all the leading men of the Church went up to take part in the exercises and -par" ticipate in the enjoyments of the festive occasion. They took with them4heir wives and children, and many others joined the company, for it was the people's holiday, and it was a season of rejoicing forthere had been a ful harvest the year before after the plenty famine, an d a day of prosperity seemed to have dawned ' ; upon the saints." , i'Bro. Kimball had invited me to go up with him, and Mother Whitney was with us. The roads were steep and I walked so much goin up the mountain that I had chills andfeve? thatmghu .Mother Whitney administered comfort to me and blessing and I was it was a splendid time of recreation, andhealed, various pastimes and -- amusements were m, dancing, singing, orations, .and indulged 0, how. Saund-er- . , to-b- jwe were so unexpectedly placed. e 0 