W THANKSGIVING; PONENT. 51 to teacjh God 'requires me to teach it to you, anllJavcouwith , tle Yeponsiliility of He said, "I will not :Jieyingordisbeiieviiig. oTwTTr . il Tl l tr Y9n it pr.OM t. 'j i.L u iwi ST;trr tin ui wit, jiu tt " '7.'-'.77. . TTr:7f :n i : .. i ered only temporary (my 'father sickened and died there the next year). I returned with h Yirtcn to my prayer of thanks and prajsc, For all thy mercies andlh lovo to me . six-month- d 1 , you if 1 1 i he repliel that the Conwere the best - he had .said, 'Mhis is not .what .By-law- wantTell .theistertheiriiiii-ingac--cepte- of the Lord, and he has somefejiing better for them than a written Constitution. I invite them all to meet with" meTamPa few of the. brethren in the Masonic-II- all over my store next Thursday afternoon, and I will organize the women under the "priesthood after the pattern of the priesthood." said, "The Church was never perfectly organized until the women were thus organized." Jlejvisi'iedXaJiave Sister Emma Smith elected to preside in fulfillment of thc reve ation which called her an Elect Lady. ' In the wanderings' and persecutions of the Church I h a vcpa r ti c i pated , and in the blessings, . endowment and holy anointings and; precious jiromises ihat I have received. Tomorrow I have not been a stranger; but I only write this short sketch to - instruct and hannif v. so I will He-furth- er lttol, vrith two and Hiram' sons, Oliver, my widowed my i mother, Lyd a JDiJle Granger, Anna Bobwith menine years bins, a girl 'tliat Jiv-e- suit'" President Smith replied, 'It i just what we want." The deed was soon 'made out and" d and married my youngest brother, and my 4.1 1 T "P. Tl u.. . j lvu-- uiuLiieis, xvm;ij tut mm x'iirit;y d. kj ran ger. My husband was detained in New York City, aud had become linancially much embarrassed. The next- year he came to me financially ruined and broken in health. I engaged in School teaching in the Uli Ward to sustain and educate my family. My salary was only per mouth, but that was much to us at that time. April 1st, i854,iysyouugest son was born. I discontinued school three months, then opened school in my home. I taught eight years. I. should have remarked, that on arriving here I sold our tit ou t (t?nnh.Qtc.'j for a com- fortable little home; this I have always 'con- -' sidered providential." JThe Indian agent gave ; "...i t t.,.i:, educated and raised. She died at nineteen. I named her Kate. .. IIy mother, who had lived w!th n'le 20 years, died JiLltil, aged : !Mv husband was drowned March . 186-5,in the Pacific Ocean by the wreck of the t . inter the- - coast of San Peh.), on Ida.Hancock,-oJ- fhis way to the Sandwich Islands;' aged (12. i wjii t.it.i'Ltid ji Lij.c i i ui tr .tin Relief Society, February 7th, 187. In December, 18G5, aTlittle girl was brought " to me whom I adopted. November 13, 1 808, a silver trovrel and mallet were furnished me and,"asisted by a ma.-t1 ; transfered in due form. President Smith said to me, "You haveon-secrate- d your first, born son, for this you are blessed. of the Lord. I bless you m the name of the Lord God of Abraham of Isaac and of Jacob. And I seal upon you all the blessings that pertain to the faithful. Your name shall be handed down in honorable-remerubrance from generation to generation. "Your son shall live and be a blessing to you in time and an honor and glory to you throughout the endless eternities (changes) to come. He shall be girded about with righteousness and hear the 'helmet and the breastplate of war. You shall be a blessing to your companion and "the honored mother of a noble posterity. . You shall stand as a savior to your lathers house, and receive an everlasting salvation, which I seal upon you by the gift of revelation aiiddjy virtue and authorit"ofthe Holy Priesthood vested' in mein the name of Jesus Christ." '..'the in year 1842 Joseph Smith tauglit Early . TV.-.1 A - 1 , S2-X0- -: marriage t .. 1 e'veTs"elir7'5,Mic iKea-iLty-pFopmy- --- - . " -- . 7-- r- l.-f- fbTenntyand the doctrine of plural marriage. He said that in teaching this he realized that he jeopardized his life; but God had revealed it to him many years before as a privilege blessing, now God had revealed it again and instructed him to teach it with, commandment, as the churclr could travel (progress) no farther without the introduction of this. principle. I asked him to teach it to some one else. He looked at me reprovingly, and said, "Will you tell me who would furnish material thejnjhim s stitution and that." session,: iir jvim oa i was good currency. President Smith replied that it was. Then said Mr. Kimball, "How will that reserve block north of the Temple de- - s, ! 1 she read -- I am tlie daughter of Oliver Granger, and ""Xydia Dibbk Granger, was born Dec. 2!, 1818, iir the town. of. Phelps, Ontario Co., NewTorki: Of my father and molherVeriTcliirJren only myself and two younger brothers, (Lafayette and Farley; remain. My father, Oliver Gran- She .ome and consult with us on" the subject of tunning a Ladies' Society. The. neighboring, sisters met in my parlor and decided to organize. was delegated to call on Sister Eliza K.r Snow and afklier to write for us a Constitution and and submit theni to President , T nil r'i -ijji.tui szw u pr r i m r flr: i tin rsnay s By-law- - Y. . Tern-- I ball met the Prophet Joseph. Smith, President of the Church, and said, "Sarah has got a little the advantage of me this time, she prothe boy as church property." poses to turn-ouPresidcut Smith seemed pleased with the joKe, and said, "I accept- all such donations, and from this day the boy shall stand recorded, chyrch properly"' then turning to' Willard Richards, his secretary, he said,' "Make a record of this; and you are my witness."- - Joseph" Smith then 5i.l,Major,Ir.KimbaU ivas-- in aj or i iFl he- Nau voo Legion) h ave yjjunow the privilege of paying and retaining , possesion-- or. receiving.. 500 and giving pos-- . d ,z ,f bors might wish to combine means and efforts Soon after the above conversation Mr. Kim. " - efforts; for assisting-th- I told her I nish. in-rni- siii ut i she' would mak como 'shirt?; for the v.nrlrmpn' It vas thdi. suggested that some of our neigh- -- right in as tithing." '"Well, I'll think-abp- 111-- - pie hands came up in conversation. - facultis.-moreiirecioT- i.- . of combining our . -- keenly-prirpd"b- 1 v Cooke ..was .seamstress; for "me and the .subject . .: Vi In the summer of 1840, a maiden Lady (.Miss s o ? ":' Temptation." 1 - .. I thank thee for this life, e'en with its care- ,And for the, power another's rief to shnre, . To cheer tho wexiry, help the fainting stand, Who iiid po much of earth 'a desert land. I thank thee for the Llted ylft of sight .To gaze upon thy work3 so grand and bright'. And onman'B work?,1 who fainwould rival Thec-An' may ho not, einco he a God may be':'-- . I thank thee, too, for all tho senses live, Bereft of any were but part alive; j To revel in the harmony of blis3fnl sound, Oh joy unspeakable therein Is found;. x l : y Mora those who for a time, Though brief it be, have Lost this gift divine And feared with anguish far too deep to tell A silent world, wherein they4iavrto. dwell." And for the blessing great toin.terchangj Thoughts and ideas boundless in their r ange, is All, all oni far Than goldoa store,:or: fame's bright glittering-!ta- f. And, too, I thank theo for that other one Vic may call sense, which Saints alono have won, That touches with a magic wand the other live, Makfng them all more- lntenselyaliye.ziFor friends and kindred and the Gospel light, Whose beams can penetrate tho darkest nipht: For this dear mountain home and sparkling rill, The peace and plenty which these valleys lill. ' : For watchnjen who on Zion's towers stand To guard the flock from wolves that prowl tho land, And once again for life, its joy and care, And low on bonded knee for tho sweat hour of prayer. ' And for thy spirit to tho suppliant given, The ray of light that guides us back to heaven; Thy wandering children, travel-staineand sore, Oh. meet them there when this brief life is o'er. I on: ger, had an interesting experience in connection with the coming forth of the Book of Mormon. He ojbtained the book afewmonths after its in the city of New York at Prof. Motts eye infirmary, he had a "heavenly vision." My father was told by a personage who said his name was Moroni that the Book of Mormon, about which his mind was exercised, was a true record of great worth, and Moroni instructed him (my father) to testify of its truth: and that he should1 hereafter be ordained to preach the everlasting Gospel to the children of men. Moroni instructed my father to kneel and pray; Moroni and another personage knelt with him by the bedside. Moroni repeated words vand instructed father to repeat after him. Moroni then stepped behind my father, who was still kneeling, and drew his finger over the three back seams of my father's coat (which my father felt very preceptiably) and said, "A time will come when the Saints will wear garments made without seam." 3Ioroni told him (my father) ihat he might ask for what he most desired and it would be granted. - He asked for an evidence by which he might know when he was approyedj).f jGod.--.T- he eridenceTor sign, was given and remained with him until his dying hour, being more particularly manifest when engaged in prayer and meditation. I love the memory of my father. He died in Kirtland, Ohio,August,1843,aged47. I was married in Kirtland, Geauga Co., Ohio, by Warren Cowdery Esq., September 22nd, 1840, to Hiram Kimball, eldest son of Phineas and Abigail Kimball, of West Fairley, , Orange Co., Vermont. My parents had pre- - his- - it-to- -- , home mNainmrr-- f 77 three. weeks after my marriage-.- We boarded in the family' of Dr. Fred eric nVil- then went to housekeeping. Jiams, eldest son was born in Nauvoo, HancockMy. Co., 111., November 22nd, -- 1841; when the babe was three days old a little incident occurred which' TlI will mention. The walla of the Nauvoo Temple were about three feet above the foundation. The Ch.urchya3 in.neexLof help-t- assist the Temple Walls. I belonged to the Cliurch oT Jesus .Christ of Latter-da- y Saints; my husband did not belong to the Church at that tinic I wi.shedio help on the Temple, but did not like to ask ray. husband ( who owned considerable to help for ray sake. property; -- My hu.sband'came to my bedside,' and as he was admiring cur tliree davs old darlini: I said, ? What is'the boy;wortbi"He replied. tVOt. 1 don't know, he" i s wortiaojTadeal:', I nid, The reply fereworrfrh 'was "Yes, more than that if he lives and does well." I said, "Half of him is mine, is it not?" "Yes, I suppose so." "Then I hare something to help on the Temple.' WpieasamBT'" You' have?"' "Yes, and I think of turning my .share Wriitrshand free. - EX viously .spent a year in . Kauyoo; irancocK Co. , TTTinpis; their present stay in Ohio was consid- 't AUTO-BIOGRAPH- OMAN'S itr.-iiici- iL ' --- er t ; L n ;rr rt r A cii rrriniinfl on OC:ntYillo cert . Vri pie, I had the.honor of laying the cornerstone of the first.Ileiief Society uilding erected in this disnensation. Sarah M.' Kimball- - -- 