WO 'and they hava bowed themselves before their Heavenly Father in a humble and contrite 'manner, with faith in iheir'hearts, (for without : and "" V : . . What a lile&iug to realize that we, I ) 1 1 - ,- n, and call in my wandering mind from the cares of life, and fulfil my promise to them so often my iiuie sisters. .1 thmK-oand am so pleased when I see them the subjects spoken of, and engaged in making things for the clrldren's fail. I think of them as rose buds hi ooming in to life, fair and innocent, prethemselves for future usefulness in their' paring -rw i.,ii.-- j & Tr;:.i-.:-j- . s DUiwarK r atucr iviiiguom, 10 v'-.uecoine zion of industry in connection with ; their little. " brothers, and when I read of thft manv little thi ngs they make, which occupy their young minds, and their little fingers active to accom plish some object, their faces beaming with smiles, and oh, how happy they look and feel! I look upon such as being the first and foremost to do the greatest good through the journey of life, and I hear those very li ttl girls when at home, asking ma if there is not some thing to do. Poor tired ma, shall I not do that? and her little daughter can. do many little things to lighten the the burdens offher shoulders, and make life to her comparatively easy. A dutiful child makes a happy" mother, and - r " gives her a.pjiul heart. My little friends listen to your teachers and obey their ' good instructions; learn to be self imstaming by cultivating tidy and industrious habits, which will develop in you those powers of mind which you possess. Learn to be neat sewers; there are a great many stitches in plain needle work worth learning; hemming, overhand, running seams, button hole ftitch, " and darning patching. All this requires neatness and practice. Little girls, get a knowledge of all these things, and more, while you arc WUUU.U.UU wiien von rtp. mnrripn vtrnmon vnn can in,very deed be a help-meto your husband. :Do not lot your mind be. carried away by foolish fashionsbut possess in yourselves a stable mind, to be modest-i- n your attire and a' determined will of your own to do and to act, to please the noble and goouVUie honest at heart, and holy beings who are not moved up-o- h by the follies and weaknesses of humarrife- mate choice 01 that which will mould vou for a useful 1110 and a noble woman. Our acts bespeak our character, and -- bend the mind to Sood or evil. Industrious habits, formed in youth, make life's path pleasant and nappy. Th.6 V. lead nilf. int firnflV.fioMarf..J. thought, where no idle time i3 spent; every moment of time should be employed to do good, to help some one, even.bv the little folks; ma or pa, brothers or sisters, if they are tired and weary let them rest, and you do their part of the wsrkaml the Lcjrd will Motj yon ibr so do t . et m .. ...'.-- w 11 fc - - - -- p For the 1 the-matte- P'.ro. E.sr . j INTRODUCTORY. -- Last summer when Mr Cushing went East with the Zunis, he married a young lady at Washington, to whom lie had long been engaged, und brought her back a bride to live in an Indian hovel. He was compelled to ioin the tribe iii order contained . ; , memseives onau ineysnau quesuon their sacrinceAcunt for. nought?- - shall their -11 ; example and their labors be lost on me, and their hopes meet disapointment? If that command, "Honor thy father andjthy mother," shall prevail and the sweet testimony of the ana strengthen tnenrin. noiy pint convince the same faith and service unto their God, the still sweeter and richer will he the reward. secretive people, and their religion and tradi tions arc as secret as Masonry. After joining them the leading men of the tribe endeavored to persuade him to marry one of the dusky maidens who sit around half naked in the sun, mold pottery and weave blankets. And he came near losing hi3 influence with the Indians, and even stood in danger of his life because of his refusal to do so. Twice were women selected for him, but he risked penalty of rejecting them, and would have fared badly but for the protection of the native governor, who had adopted him into his family and given hi hi a bed of sheep-skin- s in his rude the told Indians of Lis cngagemen t Gushing young lady in Washington, and of his injtoa tention to marry her to live with them, and although their preference would have ,becn for him toN take a wife from the tribe, their gallantry overcame their prejudice, and they received bride with a respectthe pale faced, brown-eyeful and cordial welcome'. Mrs. Cushing was -- the daughter of the late Mr. Magill, who wa for many years connected with the venerable banking house of Lewis Johnson fc Co., of Washington, and was one of the belles of the capital. Her devotion to her husband runs parallel to his devotion to seience, for there are few girls would leave a beautiful home at Washington for a mud hut in an Indian pueblo, even for the men they loved. 7 A man or a woman who does not love luxury fails to reach or realize the privileges and possibilities of existence; but ho or shevwho cannot dispense with luxury and enjoy roughing it is a worthless weakling unfit for the tasks and the triumphs that thi.V great world offers. Mr. Cu3hing belongs to that ancient fraternity, the badge of which is always apparent, even" under the barbaric costume of the Zuui the honorable order of gentleman and in his rude surroundings and primitive accommodations "every sign he gives detects thi3 order to which in Washing- which he belongs, and of t "1 he-03 an ornaton ment. Mrs. Cushing does not enjoy life in Zuni as her husband does. She does not and cannot . share his fascinations for the work in which he is engaged. She hate3 the dirty womenand the naked children, and despises their filthy ways, but she has made her mud hut a pretty little paradise, and has developed the possibilities of comfort even in Zuni. The clay walls of her mde , hou?6 are huug ' d -- . And to the . young of our people: if this work shall cause them to appreciate their honored parents more by the nobility they have proved, if it shall cause them to weigh the object for which these sacrifice wero endured .1 aeamstthe poor temptations of the present lime, r, ; d ' 11 WITH. THE ZUNI INDIANS. labors of those represpiritual or missionary ' sented. ; , As Cityis-thebeaof these or- so these ganization3, spiritual' laborers were selected by the precedence they hold. 7 our indeed Throughout Territory beyond are as many as sincere and faithful, noblo women, well deserving of every honor therein; but there is, of necessity, a limit in the present work, and that which would have been a pleasure became an impossibility at this time; but it is the purpose, inMuesea-- ' son, to present another work which will be of interest to our people. It is not the purpose of the compiler of - these sketches to furnishTcomplete historie3 of the subjects of the picture, to which this book is merely an acepmpamment to acquaint those who may be strangers to them with an outline of their abors and ther virtues; to eho wr as it were, what manner of women these "Mormons" are. To do full justice to the originals would require more space and ability than aro mine. But if the, eyes of the stranger may be opened to a knowledge of their purity, integrity and faith in God, their heroic, firmness and the trials they have endured without wavering in their allegiance to His cause, if any may be convinced that this people are in earnest and in the right, and that God is with them; if they" can realize that for men Mormonism is not a cloak, a subterfuge and a selfish system, that our women are not from the dregs of civilization, led and controlled by stronger minds, without a knowledge within themselves and for themselves for their cause, it will prove a joy and delight, a sweet return for my humble but earnest efforts. O, that these truthful testimonies, falling upon hearts that are as blocks of ice toward us, might,, like burning bullets, melt their way therein, until;s like Joseph's brethren they would weep for injuries they iuave - - Aug usta Joyce Crocheeon. In presenting the picture, Representative Women of Deseret, before the public, an explanation may be appropriate,'that the object may be rightly understood. The picture 13 intended to represent the L. D. S. Women's rather than to draw attention to Organization, those intellectual gifts and acquirements, which in this connection are but secondary to the done! r- Owing to au unfavorable accident, and consequent delay, the picture i3 not ready to deliver a3 I expected it would be before thi3 time. However, it will not be long nov before you receive both picture and book, wliick.are in 1 he hands of the publishers. I felt-thaprogi;es iomo must be growing anxious regarding: and that an explanation is due my kind, benevolent friends. Yours very sincerely, . " ... ;. r -'-r TO MY PATRONS; . Iarv Ann Pkatt. . of r.--- . " .. Lake City, Sept. 8th. Y LITTLE" 8 ISTE RS. I must try home as a missionary,' a silent nope.gieai gooci,. 13 my ierveiiL : do not read fiction, as it weakens the memory. the' timer ill pr iit, and nothing gained to ele--'., vote the soul , lM prayers direct you in :. things,1 that by the HoFy Spirit you may be nlle to accomplish much good, antLmake' many nico things for the next fair, and a nice written letter ot thanks to your little brothers if they make you those thing3 I nfentioned to put in your .playynouses.' . " 31 That this work may go forth from my 1 Vi the heart is like sunshine latter, a storm, such peace, and joy, and love towards all mankind, . it is realy a foretaste of heaven; and'no happiness .which wealth or worldly honors could give WHtuld bear comparison with it. I have wriUen thesejew thought? at random, and you are welcome to use them a3 you see tit.; The Exponent is always a welcome visitor, and no pleasure which I receive is so great as the perusal of if. May. the blessings of heaven attend you in your labors, is the prayer of ' S. M. P. jour sister; TO ONE N T, w c 1 are af-flictio- EX P S 5 ,. Y.o'? "1 n f all r,t Jiinra cfmn IrH ri bow the knee, too, in time of trouble and and how clear and smooth our pathway seems; the rays of light and joy that pervade olfl-nr- AN ing.'and say, "She putteth forth her hand to acts of kindness and her name shall be honored ' among the just." Read J the tru th in good books, and lav.U li BtflfMW fiiHrnmrlprpJ j faith it is impossible to .please God ) and ask for assista nee veCTroQT" ' ta na8a''"4m ' consola tion?. M vm - or-iu-6u- ni 1 M iii-aiw- ays . i 