dal of Information of jp!a,otV In the old world, of-- . MttVfiM Ufif iBaoeeumti'od artcoflec--tion- s an well a the country which has become hallowed ground because of lta association. It " yoa directly ii written in a etyle that brings .J .J i 'a anu ecenes luav are ueisuriueu among inepeopie one expect- although historical in fact. J ing to travel over the ground, U would e very who remain at home a valuable, and user ai ana pjeasmg cjropan iou. i ue uuua i very BUliAUiQ iu pcecuma ii B3 jiino vi buk) hd nn'ffh't'to be wldelV circulated. For Bale at" Bibl Vaat a. To-an- to-tho- 1 . 1 . y just to say, J3mer wens nas cos-t.tz- - Deen Tery muuu ; who has been constant In attendance and effi cient in her labor, especially with the singing. Eoapey Bishop Attwood and Counselor were present also aUteres K. B. Grant, B. W. Smith, Ellen. C : Clawson, E. B. -Wellp, and other ladies. The exercises were notice-ablgood and well rendered, tome in a very manner. Programme: Address, Victor Thorn berg; Song, Wilhelmina Lardon, "Lost on the Lady Elgin;" a wonderful execution for a child four years old; Dallogue cn fashion, Misses' Mortensen and Merril; Addres, "LittteBy'a et First Recitatien," Carlos Badger; SoBg, "Whip- poor-willby four menace", was very goou indeed. Select reading, Orlle ChtldV'Let ns be Saints;" Alphabet m rhyme, by fire members; ; ; tlll fjett:ThuViK&ftXZ the four of Recitatlorr, 'A.Z rPAg, members,-"HelpingIda X5yner " and twenty-si- x Questions Papa;" ' Ans were; Recitation,': Claude-Lewi- s; Bong, four of the raembert; Essay, Willie Phillips; Recitation, Rhoda Jackson, Primary Speaker; Recitation, EHzi Lyon, "Did you think to pray;" Bong, Mary Romney ; Dialogue, Sarah A. Knott and L'retta Evans, "Between a mother anda little child;" Recitation, Edwin Wright; Bong, Hattie Horaley and Eliza Knight; Recitation, Frank Lewis, Bible verses; Song, Mabel Brown. .After the exercises, remarks were made by Elders T. B. Lewis, C. R.' Savage and Salmon, and several of the sisters; a vote of thanks was tendered to Sister Kate Miller Romney, for her constant and efficient aid with the organ and teaching the children elngibg ever since the organtzation. Sister Toone hai labored very faithfully, and is reaping a rich reward in the Improvement of the little people under her charge. Benediction by; 8ister P. L. Kimball. In the evening there was a social entertainment for the Primary, which was very enjoy' able indeed. Stromberg, "Scenes that are brightest," this little songstress deserves recognition and encouragement; Bible Questions mem bef sJDlabgneThe-"drea- m answered by and its fulfilment;" Bong, "Tbenittle an- Tribute of respect to the '.late Ilaldah Iferiah Ball v '" V" ." " ; ' . tyne. r' The funeral services over the remains of Sister Huldah . Tj.Tiawf xrr.. trUa rf VAr RSchard Ballantvue. were held In the Fourth Ward schoolhouae, on Thursfilled day afternoon, April 5th, 1SS3. The building was to there went to Its utmost capacity with friends who pay their last tribute of respect to the memory of their ' , departed friend. The services were conducted by. Bishop Edwin Strat : ford. The choir sang: "Mourn not the dead who peaceful lay Their wearied bodies down." . Elder offered Joseph Parry. The by Prayer was then ' - choir then tang: 'Sister, thou wert mild and lovely." After which David M. Stewart addressed the assembly for a few minutes. He said ho had been acquainted with Sister Ballantyne for twenty years. He knew she was a good, kind hearted lady, and a faithful Saint of dad. Shfl was alwavs readv. wlllinr. and took a delight in administering to the afflicted and supplying comfort, consolation and material help to those who were In .'' need. These kind offices were not confined to those of her own household, bat were extended to the whole neighborhood in which she resided. Many will miss her, and wnmuo oy ner ocain wui xose a inu mtiiu wnu outside of her them like an administering angel. But own family circle none will realize the: loss of her socio-- rr..v J' -- - 3 - 1832, Clara Barton, and wife of Frederic Barton, daughter of Mark and Hannah Beazer, bom October 11th, 1SG0, at KaysYlllc, at Kaysrille, August 19tb, Died, ; - - ' ViTintf TTtih Tiixin m Sleter Barton has lived and died a f&ithfal Latter-da8aint. She has" left a husband' and one- child, beeldea many friends by whom the will be greatly missed. She has been "a faithful member of the T. L. M. I. A. ever since its organization, in 1S7G, She has ever been on" hand to do good and attend her meetings, for duty never seemed a task to her. She was, in every aense of the word, an example to the youDg ladies worthy of - r tm f it . i . - Xf Fa to cood enough w w , From April 19tb, .1832, to April 19th, 'A Ann i i I imn I inn n anil f RTTATiONsr-BIbleTNoTo- ua n At. x- -i verses, 30; : Financial, Savaffeand;Emlly Sharp; Recitation, Lawrence Prim-arleRomney; Essay, Isabella Salmon, "On the Recitation, Georgma Toone, "Address t0 Eva Ellis and Ida Saow "v-- OJ iu. VUW 4. 4 i , Rnn&. T.Ma' - . : Counselore. , At our last Relief Society meeting the following preamble and resolutions were unanimously adopted: to Whereas, It has pleased God our Heavenly Father release from her sufferings our much' beloved sister, Therefore, i 4 sj Sakah H. Sheffield, -- ' ' : . ' : . Resolved, That we do recoghizo in the death ter Mary Hannah Miller, the; loss of a faithful teacher the Nephi Relief Society, a friend to the needy.'a " in comforter in the hour of trouble, a devoted wife and Church of Jesus mother, and a faithful member of the Saints. ; Christ of Latter-da- y faithful labors and her esteem we Resolved, That aa worthy the emnla-tlo- n devotion to the interests of Zion, ' of every membar In our Bociety. U . So-cie- - T i- - . .. ,- &UUUbiuUl .; of. Sla- , CtW-- re-wa- of a paralytic: Died, in Nephi, JIarch 2T.tb, ISS'3, of Thomas Miller. Btrbke, Mary Ilannah JOHer; wife Derby, England. Deceased waft born April lith, An Cash received, 6 ,00; Cash on hand, 12;70; Cash disburEed, and $6.70; .Programme of exercises. Singing, sever Lewis. Recitation, by prajer by Elder T. B. i Af fh mpmbers. Welcome To All;" Reading, Belina Pnzey Practical Education; Song, Lucy 7 .X; Mormon, .18; Doctrine Covenants, 20; Other Church Works, ;27; Miscellaneous, 77; 8. V.OUOU UU ui uo nm lima Wacll the Bat ordeal. Gospel Is full of pass through this promises to the faithful Saints of God, and those who remain true to the end of their Uvea will receive a in the resurrection that will fully compensate ' them for all their sufferings for. the Gospel V sake. He prayed that God would bless all present with His Spirit and enable nsso to live that when at last our end 6hall r come It may be like that of our departed sister. She lived the life of the righteous, she died m tne jLora, ana her eternal reward is sure. President N. C. Flygare next spoke. He said It fell to his lot to be with Sister Ballantyne during the last hours of her sickness. She had been a very great sufferer, ner body was worn out In the services of God and His people. But she had borne It all with much pa- ' tience and fortitude, until the Lord relieved her by ata ovr:. fihs'ls now free from all 4, itop nffVtrfntm jj her sorroWand taTgone to her rcst lie then spoke of her long, faithful, and efficient jabors la the Relief n the Fourth Ward, over which sho presided for OI ' rlzcx";-- Boole of 7; Dialogues, ct to our departed sister. ; j,7follow the example of Ecsolved, That we will try to ' our departed sister in our lives. In the . Resolved, That we condole with each other a and tender great loss we sustain in our bereavement, token of respect and sympathy to her husband, parents, and family in this their hour of trial, hoping we will ever emulate her worth. reaolu Resolved, That Iwe present a copy of these of the a Uojb to her bereaved family, and publisn copy same In the Woman's Expokext, and place a copy on our record. . Maut A. S. Ssow,' President, kll" MiarAJr-BxBirzsr" " nubllsh. 1883: 'No. ofmeetines rvh'eW,-45- ; ofjnem 75;, attendance, Readings, 155; image' bersi lGfTJoctrlne Bible captersV' Bookof Mormon, and' Cbvenants, 7; Other Church Works, 12; -- res-pe- P. " our midst pleased our Heavenly Father to take from another of our dear Bisters, we, the young ladies of the M. I.' respire to manifeat dur appreciaUoa and Twenijetn vvaru, mrmcum mk y.., Emma Toone presiding.; he annual report nns .vuitonf uwnvu and" Itr seemed . Testimoniai. of Respect. Inasmuch as it has A-.- Relief Society, with whom she had been associated, and whose beBt interests she had labored many years to Rkrt mado manv friends who mourn her de parture, and whos5 hearts are filled with blessings for her and her posterity, who will perpetuate her name and memory. She harf been a woman of integrity; she Has fought the good fight. , She has kept the faith, and has secured for herself an eternal inheritance in the : Kingdom of God. the next speaker. He Middletouxwas C. F. President said by Elder Stewart, fully endorsed all that had been as h had been long acquainted with the deceased, and knew that every word that had been uttered concerning her was true. He sympathized with tht bcreayed hua band and family in their affliction.-- ne knew, of course,' that we are all appointed to die, and It is but a matter pro-niftt- y imitation. On Thursday,. April 20tb, an annual meeting was held of the Primary. Association of the . . . - - : . berg, "Let us be useful;" Recitation, little Roy Grant, "Butttrflles;" Recitation, "Articles of Faith," very well done, Adelaide Mortensen; j Ajrgau bou, iiiiuttij iiiaivu) v.. String-aSusan Well Sister performed. ceedingly was appointed as a Counselor to Sister Wells, lie marks were made by Sisters Clawsin, E. B. Wells, and R. Attwood, Bishop Attwood and JUounselorEmpy.Meeting was adjourned for one year, and the regular appointment for the next week was. announced. After the close cf the meeting cake and oranges were served to all in the room. " r Secretary. GONE TO HEK PwESt. OBITUARY. Son. Annie i - ' ," l Z " ". frletd. I'ftolTed, That ;the&e .resolution be spread upon the " records of the KepU Belief Society, a&d that we putlith ' : the es.ec fa th "W'omak's Eposekt. e, -- aided by her OounEelor Mlsa Georgie Bpencer, . - " f On Friday, April 21st, the" Primary Association of the Thirteenth Ward held.fts fourth Hnor Mr. TiVtlia Ann Welle.wnoiiaa had charge of the Association ! u one year,- we: condole and " 'deeply ejm?atHze -- wlttrrtbe' bereaved hneband, dilldren, relatlTea asd a Jaithfnl. wife, mother, at.d Jn of friends the lcs ' BnarpOn therprlmariwr;" Song, Juvenile choir, Hcltatlcn, five:of the member; Recitation, Willie Culmer' Angela can do no more;" Frank Puzy and George Ferrins; Song, Flora "Phlll! ?; RecIUtlon, Lily Fo srlerj Reclta-- " : tlon, Albert Ronmey; Recitation, Maud and , Nellie fce 0 V EeK4ed,yThat'- Kate D!a-lega- - a TB. red tatlon, Lew!7 T . . mnn I ii n. muuu.w Qtinn nn rn.ri.ii m jtoio. m ill mi. 11 ' ty biui has earned a name that will never perish. , : Elder IrijFarrj He ' said he had been acquainted with Sister Ballantyne 1 And nvr saw her dnrin? iuu v f that time when she was not ready to impart of her substance to "administer to those who were in distress, ne never knew her otherwise "than an honorable, upright irn ftffur.tionate mother, and true a Lat- nuiuaui HKfr,! - r 1n all thi frill KTm noth?Lwltll rr arat o"i " ier-ttj- r j r v ijoiuk."' had heea Bald of ker by tie former speakers. -- - " -- , . 