UM A and jramcd by a boy thirteen years old, be- -' sides many other articles which were . very creditable. There was a great variety of cakes and pies nicely , made by the little girls, aad sold at auction for the benefit of the Association. The exerciser that, were jtiidered by the children were worthy of praise. A pleasing featu re in the program mo' wa3 the read ing of the manuscript paper, "Banner of Truth," edited by a boy thirteen years of zgav andit: creditable to the children of the As. wastry sociation. Closed by singing and prayer Officers at present are as follows. Emma E. McCleve, President. Rhoda E. Perkins and Cornell Woods, Counselors. Anna otandifird Sec, Jane Perkins, Treasurer. -- ; r TRISliRY-PARTY-ANDFAT- -- r - t ;- - you &the little folks, fcTtheirfew: a quilts, tidies, em renuitv We mention and shams and slips, wool m picture Salter,, nose sack, mmer, the.ej last made corn, potatoes and beets, : and raised by the boys. Celia E. Beak, President, Counselor. : . 1883. Richfield, Feb. 12th, etJf VJlmfog, 15th ifr PftST2 K home; she, with St. George to work in Tad been absent KJ- ThomashTM. - 1 what was her surprise to of the sisters . with the bounties of the ; fe of welcome her s called to w Mrs. M. es- - jerking see ao out there,--P- seventy-fiv- e ;th When the? every kind and charitable act that is wrought by the spirit and influence of divine grace, or through love and respect to the word of God, the same will be recognized : not likely : heard of the great change that . . ndHhoughtfulfe-ineiidpape- of Tebit being Relief Society- .- The the same got up housofor 13 1883.5 latter has sometimes been vainly. snb&tiiyf , AT LEHI. PLEASANT PARTY We had a very enjoyab r . I believe that e, FARNSWOKin, :Editor Exponent: , M. E. Bond. e member d r - . of-pai- n . cortedJolheHall - . arranged stockings, a IZtXrs, d oTFrench embroidery, a brai . -- 1- iSck and the day, by. the "Sduring articles he Lociations. The -- your house in Mendon. Do you remember it? How is Bate3 Nobles? Do you ever see him? Are you ever com ing East? When is your son Orson coming home? I hope you will - write me when you can and as oft. , I am much of the time, but yet do a very!, poorly great deal of work. J . - . Yours with love, -can 1 leu juu. ui mo giuu I months yet; saw for had not expected it for some three or four days that she was sicker I say it was a "glorious than usual. we were just laychange! She" had been up and head thi ing her down, and she said, "lay my arranged way," while the pillows were being and suflering we saw the expression and unrest, she had worn for so many years, and repose-Therchanged to one of sweet calmness of breathing, was simply a cessation that moin motion. Oh, without a gasp or life going outl ment, when I saw her dear How I wish you could have seen her. . She looked more like the mother of long ago &o than she had for. years; she longed,neton,wish much, for this release; and we can her back, for we believe she is "better now, countless dead. as I feel is true of all the Sabbath It was her 79th birthday and it towasrest. We : hour of retiring evening-t- he She always till Thursday. kept buried alive. 1 expressed a fear of being should be pubhave felt as though her death are so lished in the papers there, as there Utah who once knew, many scattered through to address her here. I do not know where were three Adelia and many others.; There bunaU biit 1 of her six children here at the the privilege was the only child who had amso Oh of witnessing her last moments. that I was here! It was a glad and grateful that would - have to be beautiful death-scenHelen be realized. But, alas, my dear he thought is with me that of her present the condition0 we may know nothing.; I and djnAnr-sel- f povertyoLihe situation, Will as rich in faith as you are. You are, too kind attain to it? given:by the Primarysociationsofolh of the Jresi wards, under the management dents and Counselors of the held in the Society at at 9 o'clock' a. m. and closed Minnie A. I:xfell7(womaniike)ihl6veth hinv - You were with me when mother was baptised by Brigham Young at the back of unknown realm, and my jdear mothercuterhastnepassea on beiore us. How fr was have see him ha3 come to our household. For the first: time (the rrtitaiir VrofA" Via rmonofi for one nf nnr -- programme It My dear Helen: ever so A FEW OF MY VIEWS. Kirtland, Ohio, Jan. 28th, . ! gr again; LETTER TO MRS. II. 51. WHITNEY. and pleased. JAftir dancing awhile, a bounteous repast after, heartily-enjoyed, was partaken of, and which the Presidential with a beautifu shell box. by each behalf of the comi Bp Joseph L. Home, then continued unt mittee. Dancing was 12 o'clock, when the company. separated,-a- ll their trouble. feeling amply repaid a New Year's; Day was celebrated by Fair, - . jhadjt; s5iignam's son looks RWmk" much like his father? I wish J could EXTRACTS. IC President an her Counselors, - son - Secretary". r Michigan, aildMyron you know that a eon an grandson ofBrigham YpungcalleoLon.Ulast?:summer2 -- g a 151 . ring spoke, a short timVrcxpressing her surprise and returning thanks for the good; will which had been manifested towards her by the also short sisters, account of herdabors gaveji in the Temple, and how she had enjoyed them. Bros. Winn . Anderson. Yates. Bishon :'T. R. CutIer ahd Jdrs. M. P. Thomas made some ex- -' cellent remarks." Meeting was dismissed ; by Bro. Anderson, and all went home feeling that it had indeed been a feast of fat things, both spiritually and socially, and one thatwill not .soon beforgotten by.those who attended. " M."A7Standrino, Secretary, R. S., Lehi. - m r0NENT -- On the evening of the loth of Dec, 1882, the Primary Association of the 2nd Ward of, -- Richfield gave their President a delightful-surpriseft was planned entirely by the little folks, towhom greaTcredit is dyejthejuanner in which it wa3 inducted. was in At the hour appointed every-thinsent for th readiness, and p conveyance .was who were " EX to present President, Standring with: a black eilk dress pattern and trimmings, as a token of love and respect which they felt ;towards her, and appreciation, of her labors amongst them. Alter dinner President Stand-- , . " 'H Scety - tt JN r so often rs your I thank you and appreciate 'M were go ing you ol the know form what you one like Production of Polygamy. I would Had you heard that the of them ed Church a Conference of the April here?, They wa to be held in the Templerestore it, but have commenced to repair and ita courte? where are those who once thronged or Father is past 85, buUsjery wellfbr thinks of ace. Evelme lives in Iowa, is very poor cLbg to eeeus,but her health at Her husband is President or in Eber is in Mapleton. kindness. this I consider is no model for us wu Je to be the disciples and followers our virtue or not do wo acquire Christ, for 'rules and through system of practice, precepts founda- no is there where the wicked influence us tion: but we have better rules which teach to love our enemies, and I believe that gospel words or deed, being charity, whether it be of administered in the spirit of loving kindness much good, and will, with God's help, result in if the effect does not immediately appear, the be administration may, after many days, letfaith-anbrought to remembrance; butacts of kindness, works be combined in all our and attendthat they may be approved of Godshall see the , ed with divine blessing; their we -- afflicted rejoice, and if we laborrteighteoh Then finally, ness sake, our reward is sure. and prayear. let us strive with all diligence to Uod, sanctified nestly, that our hearts become do done be all we may pure and holy, that works we glory, for by our with an eye tHis great shall be judged.- I believe that in times of and last dispensation of Jhe fullness of the people of thera will he much required and without the both to do and endure, God, -shall be found whole armor of godliness, we T feel for one that rhave much to wanthig. bcrable to and much to learn before Pshall in this : altogether, a good purpose " accomplish, of God I do view, but by the grace : at all discouraged, for the gospel truly brighter to me, and I the fress toward the mark of callmg, to abiding my closely adhering there is no Hone and Perseverance. I believe to will-b- e able stay ou, itepower that we may unto victory, that exaltation in thekingdom of our ami nraver, i i,rvA "r.. i ijather, is my GioiTT a,iisr?j Reeves. ; . d . to El .. Charlotte E. Bond. tBf V-'lli- nt , ' en--jwKS- arueur 4. Was glad to Re-org- -- Centreville. T1U3 WORLD THE FASHIONS. OF AWAY. WILL PASS - late paid There has been ntWiig of uia in my way of tb nkmg taU. day Saint3;anl will mas its Datb. Jlothers in Israel.I Urn 