The Bights of tHe Women of Zion. and the JEtWits of the Women of all llations. SALT LAKE THE ARTIST CHILD. -- 'B3 WiaTare yoa doing, ,7" Gently heinrned This head, And I saw ncatb his little fingers " Pencil and paper spread. "And may I isee yonr picture?" Then as be gave it to me " A 6hade came over the drooping face see. to 'TVas pitnl 1 -- ....... And then a thrill went through me, - For J that place had seen, ' Its vralls loom, np and seem to blot The ralley wide and green. And yet I asked him gently, "What do you call this place?" "Its where they are keepingmy father;" " And turned away his face. . . -- , . :r - L .r;. Thosglojli stand -- - When fairer scenes are dim. Sunk In his soul's deep silence, Who can the growth foretell, When years from now shall this ariist paint The woes of Israel. Christendom, reading bibles . " Boast the advance you've made in the walls our masters of Again children's Our hearts are laid. " : Heroes who left to us freedom ! Look down on us tdnlay, , w Where tyranny's graft on Liberty's tree .. "Wasteth its life away. " 3 - ,lj Brick foi brick as they stand there i, Tower, and gate, and lock The res a wall in Israel's soul r That doth the tjrant mock. Closer they stand together, Nor doubt, nor shrink to go Through waters deep, and fear none but Him Who will o'erwhelm the foe. : Augusta Jotck Cbocezbon. THOUGH IB ON MARRIAGE. V The May 15th number of the Exponent contains an article entitled'Young Ladies and Matrimony," which Kthink every young lady should read, and follow the advice there given. The writer says, "a woman who marries a man that is her inferior, wron ps herself her familvV and her whole life, for he will most likely drag her down to his level." It must be bo in. the very nature of things. A woman who has no other object or aim than to live the life of a true Latter-daSaint, and work out for herself an exaltation in the OelestiaLEjngdom-o- f GocH ... i ; it . uu iccio iuji, weigni, oi tne responsibility y -- .1 . ir UIVu ouu aw the spirits. of all . men; He knows their hearts, I .1 i seerec tnougnts, i ineur. aims, tneir. u yu licrseu. wueii sue enters into the marriage covenant, to bear the souls of men, heirs to the everlasting Priesthood, makes no other calculation than tobB one with her husband in all thing?, for "except ye are one ye are not mine," said our Savior. She looks for a man'whxT is faithful. She marries Qnprofe&ing full faitlj in .the gospel; profes vn 'l . -- er ab-scen- ce il: ineir-mos- . the end from the beginning, he knows whom vou are ntted to mate witn. ne is tne bests zLmatch-makthat Ikpowof. Trust him and he will not forsake vou. Now some neoDle ( wise . er to such de- (From being united It .1 i 1 une oi ine greatest commanamenis liver me. which our Father gave to his children was to I mi wmhf tho I svrt ATTT I tA1 with idea of love. ! - " t i f tfYXTCk ftUU jlU If OUUl UClgUUU XU1UU 2U1U BlXClJgLll, r ourselves7if "this commandment Twas Btnctly Me so loved tne worid tnat ne gave do.) Jfciis loved us tnat ne created tnis Deautuui eartn on1 t1 q . no I m m . iitti it-- wifTi iBnA win - ' 4V. - mm . us to do right, and keep his laws, but giving us the power to rebel if we choose to do so, that we that we may might choose the good or the evil, ... 1 .i i am t overcome our ana weaknesses tne neip . xuj - : -- " J.j-r..i.-iL.-i:i- sing to be virtuous . and good, knowing by her course of conduct kin lile" whaf standard ,he ' must come up to in order to become ber husband, he is all that and more too, he has no bad habits she cannot find vices, if he has - them out, when any he approaches her he is all goodness; when she is united to him she strives with all her might to be o?ie.with him in all things, after she becomes better- - acquainted with him and sees that he is not what he professes to be, although her whole soul revolts at the hypocrisy (for hypocrisy is always detestable to a pure mind) still she remembers the covenants she has entered into with him, they 2 must not be lightly broken, although he may ignore them everv day she must cling to him as long as there is a reasonable doubt in her . mind about .whether;, she would be doing him an injustice by leaving him; in trying honestly before God to keep her covenants and be one with him, she descends to his level, and until she has strength to break loose from the influences by which she is surrounded and say, - "as for me,I will Berye. the Jord," she is not-h-er natural self, she is influenced and directed by him, as is right and proper, as I contend, , that when a woman finds out that a man is net wofthyof her love and obiericeSshe :cpmmitaZ. a sin bv living with him: and .'on the other hand I think she is not j ustifiedan6lBhould never separate herself from him .until she is satisfied oi this fact beyond a doubt. Young . ladies will ask, how can we safely choose a husband if men are so deceitful? There are many safeguards thrown around the children of the l Latter-da- y - Saintsj which' thoseC the world are not blest with. First,- their. parents generally rive them good counsel. which if they heed will lead them in the path of saiety, then tnose to whom they wish to be united, liye in some warder branch of the Church where there, are presiding officers who can recommend them if they have been faithful in ; the discharge of their duties in the. church, (and if they have not they had better have nothing to do with them) then last, but not least, there is the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, that has been conferred upon every soul that has been baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, by those holding the authority of the Holy Priesthood, a constant source of revelation to those who nourish and cherish it and give heed to its promptings; what ! can young ladies, receive revelations? Yes; just as well as the President of the Church, or the Bishop of a wardvcan in the affairs that come within their sphere, but only as pertains to their own affairs in life, and what is of more importance to them than ., choosing a partner for life? no I for time and all eternity. Pray about it? ' Yes, is it not as important the Lord should 'guide us in the choice of a husband as it is that he should protect us through the dav from accident, disease. and death? Pray as" well as watch She says, ii ii .uittxxjr iur io ve, respect is an very weu, ana that we should have and hold, but it will ,not-answin place of "affection." I agree with 1 but there is no lasting love that is not her, based on respect, we may love a person for their, fancied virtues, and when .we find an of them we lose the respect we entertained for them, then love must die. "The flower of love can never flourish except it is v moistened by the dews of admiration and res- - . pect." Young ladies, do not think that you alone are sufficient to make a selection, remem- ; - pictures for memory 1 Look, What will they be for him? Nor 3; ; . Six years old ! But upon his bead And in his childish breast, That which would weigh a man's strong heart ' Upon his ife doth rest. Think of it! While his comrades Played at their game of ball, He, scarce more than a babe, sat alone, "" " Sketching s prison wall I " CIW x-- .i x? !! - f L. " ii. j 1 It ?1 : 11 t ji 1 oi mteiiisrence, and nnauyi)ecome-UK- e Him, R 5 a nrlrn nucu no uo xiitbcu ij aiiuy ms presence ana nave nnisnea our prooation - here. Trials are necessary for " our perfection , an A na T svA rtnll wiirI IUl vu wa nu ora iiuiluv i ud wnatt.. condition in whatever we may be trials) liAmA An7 vAlwn xciiuxxx iiuuiu aim T Li--f .i (f fcAX . hnt hia crrapft ist all RnffipiPnt V hat among all the pleasures : which this niftfiAfir rounded by loving kindred and friends, and r .what has ever been revealed Father by-ou- l,na V, 1, 1 that husbands 1and wives who arn nnifor! 1 edtrQ ' togetner in tne Donas ox tne new. and evenast- ng covenant will enjoy each others society, not only "till death does : them part, but through all the countless ages of eternity, and i . . il ' LU21L lllSLf.a.11 1 IJI LIliLL ItlVH ..urniP.II jnHV-nHH-T- nr .each other growing dim with age, it will grow brighter and stronger as out latent powers are ' more fully developed and we assimilate more to the likeness oi Him who is the author of r our being. Why, it is the mainspring of all t T Mntint KpIiotta "flint' Tiot-n ntlipr iftvs be a pertect love that does not come from God. : .- -! Tr ii j uy xxis ttuu 13 nuti lnspireu opiriu . a T An t a.f o: condition of those who have no assurance of a union with those they1 love beyond the grave. J V a n nfAil il amX Aim n panionship of loved ones? Eternal misery. Do not attempt to Jreform bad men; what God has failed to do, and they have no disposition to do for themselves, you can never ac Make yourselves worthy of the complish. best of men and then resolve with the help of - Ond t.n nospnt nn ntliAT. nnMpi far mnrtlA it Ka to labor all your days and share with others; accept plural marriage with a. husband who. has been tried and proven, whose integrity, to - -- vuc Aiuttuum ui vjiuva is juivnu. zluu led yvu have made a success of your life, have accom- plished the object for which you came here, nave secured eternal life, than fail in this and ; Burn. : k gain the wealth of the world. Y 1U w- " The Woman' Journal of June 16 ult, contains an article concerning woman suffrage in Utah,- and refers to two other articles written by ladies opposed to women voting; T" - 