94 V J I AT 1 3. members: XI may possess wealth, yet it cannot keep theJoved ones from the grave, or make children loving and cbedient, or dispel tbe dark clouds that are destined to pass ever their horizon. If health wilPuot fill oar lives with sunshine then ' CUUUIJ ITU " w- - Some , LjfnTAhK-yrTttttT- s CUT , Life Id a stage, and men and women are actors on it, wye Shakespeare, and - when we pasi cfT .from-thistage of action, mo will appear cn an- othtj:7 and hant,v iall wo Le if we have ner formtd our part well while here. Msy the D. O. Lord help us bo to do. Amrn. '' I. A. AND PRIMARY!' , preston, bear lake stake. Editor Exponent: The Stake- Presidency of Primaries, Sister - Gth. 1883, and organized a Primary Association) which baa generally been , very well att- ended. Sister Etfza Dalrymple acts as presi- - dent, and performs her duties to the satisfaction of all concerned. We bave thirty-on- e members in our Association, officers included; average attendance nineteen. Our Relief Society was organized March 1 '2th, 1883, assisted by Stake President, Julia P. Lindsay, and counselors. Sister Martha Dalrymple acts as presi dent and is doing her duty aa far as possible with so few to. assist in the work. We have only ten members here now, several having Jeft here, but hone to be able even wir.h thik small number to accomplish a work that will be ac- iL. T 1. 1 .lir',1 ...,1.11a mtn respect andi ccjpmuiu uy lure in e xioru. love for the noble women of Utah, we remain the friends of truth and right." Amanda Da lymple, Secretary. " ' ' . . of the brethren, PresidentJPaxman and Cnunsftlnrs RbknrAVTTrnpr ortrl TTloll TQf.;- 'aTch J. G. Bigler, and Elder George Kendall; of the sisters, E. B. Wells and II. M. Whitney co-worke- rs -- from Salt 'Lake City, the stake and branch ouicers oi JNephi, and others. Alter-thopening exercises and reading tho minutes of last conference .President Kendall called upon Branch President Pitchforth to represent the Kephi branch, which she did, showing it was in good condition, after which President E. Kendall and J..: Picton, in their usual kind and motherly manner, made a few remarks and gave good counsel to those present; felt proud of their associations with the Relief , bocietyj spoke in praise of the teachers and JJAX . Editor Exponent: V1w-Du- f' ViliUr t long- - . - Js - '"'- - " Sister Zina D. H. Young addressed the congregation upon the duties of wives and rof theliist.ers un mothers, also on derstanding politics and government, that we might know and understand our rights. Referred to the Primarv Association work said it was an apostolic work, and should be considered as such; mothers should not neglect to uphold the sisters who labor in the Primary. Sister Home addressed the audiance, speaking of the necessity of mothers realizing their positions and learning to think anddecide for the-necess- itv -- - . the privilege of receiving knowledge Lfrom Him, keep their nature in subjection to His laws and commandments. . President Peterson spoke of the imnortance ui "vani aikci nie ueau, auu oi urawincr near lo vjou; saiu mat n we were not drawing nearer .we were certainly drawing, farther away from Him. Spoke of the factory, and the necessity of being prepared to sustain ourselves, as we would need iactonos and the grain the sisters 7 have been storing for several vears. before twenty years, as Babylon will fall. Said the young men and women should take an interest in learning different trades, as these occupations will be necessary. Sister Hvd a V-- .. tOnailPa whinh eKovl ,ItQ, ' ting. Singing by choir. - Benediction ;. by Bishop Andersen. Conference adjourned, to be held at Moroni, Dec. 15, 1883, -- 8eeminSlv away from esteemed sisters who dwelling were bringing forth spirits from God not one cuuu wuuiu grow up to apostatize. Motners should live near to God, avail tnemselves of . S we feel that we are blessed Lord, not forgetting to think fiim for of His many blessings toward, us. 7gthis the S. read, also the statistical and finanThere presidents who were there verbal gave reports each of her. respective " . ward. n jt r fTl tt i maaet ar: i: i i iurs. iu.-- A. anerresiaent, rriiyae, "few remarks, giving an account of her labors and experience while in the St. George Temple, also of the accident she met with while in St. George, ' which had caused her absence so ' I deem it a pleasure to have the privilege of mingling my voice with my beloved sisters ;?.the. Exponent, though we are far 0fT in If our Secretary R. cial reports. , FERRON CITY, EMERY CO. . . : ence were Conference adjourned for three months. Benediction by Patriarch J. G. Bigler. Mary Pitchforth, President. Amy L. Bigler, Acting Secretary. e , The Relief Society of Sanpete held their Quarterly Conference at Mt. Pleasant, Septem ber loth. President M. A. P. Hvde nresidinc'. Theulual devotional exercises "were rendered, -- - 7;'- - SPRING CITY, SANPETE STAKE. - lief Society. E. Stevens, Hannah ' . . . On the 22nd of September, 1883, at ten o'clock a.m., the Juab Stake organization of Relief Society held their 22nd Quarterly Conference in the Nephi Meeting bouse, Mrs. Elizabeth Kendall presidiug. Present on the Btand, . . . - REPORTS.- ! 1 . -- : . M M. ' - J R S., Y. L. not think half as much about the little trials they have to pass through, but were seeking to bless rand comfort each other, and Vto do godtoalL "' '""'"7' humanity, President Kendall then introduced Sister ' Whitney, who said she was proud of her associations with the sisters; was very pleased with. the singing, and also to come to Nephi. Thought the hand of Providence overruled her coming here- Said she was her Father's handmaid and was on hand to do her duty whon- ever it wa3 made known to her. Spoke on Ce, lestial Marriage, and how'she had been greatly blessed ly advocating that principle. Made many excellent remarks, and gave much good advice to mothers. After singing, conference adjourned till 2 p.m. Benediction by President Joel Grover. At 2 p..m. conference was continued accord- ing to adjournment. After singing and prayer President Kendall reported the condition of the. Mona Ward, which was good (the Presi- ...dent of that branch being absent on account of sickness). President Serena Aagaard reported the Levan Ward as being united and striving todc their duty in all things. Prest. Wm. Paxman was the next speaker. Spoke of our late President, Amelia Golds- brough, of her faithfulness, and of the able support of her counselors, Elizabeth Kendall and Jane Picton, that on account of her death it was necessary to have a reorganization. That : ..himself and counselors had talked the matter Mover and had selected the following names for officers:.. Mary Pitchforth, Stake President; Amy Bigler and Nicolena Brown, O)unselors; Mary Hoyt, Secretary; Thirza M. Vickers, Treasurer, who were all uuanimously susv tained. Branch officers: Miranda Bryan, Pres- ident ofNephi yard; Rebecca Udall and Ann M idgley, Counselors;-Matild- a E. Teasdale, toecretary, Hannah Urover Assistant secre- tary; Charlotte Evans, Treasurer; and Julia Bryan, Assistant Treasurer, unanimously sustained. Levan and Mona officers sustained as they were already organized. The balance of the time was taken up by excellent and appropriate remarks from Prest, Kendall, Sisters Hannah GrqyerJMiranda Bryan,H.JI. Whitney and E. B. Wells.. Prest. Paxman made a fe w "ctosm o1 rem arks . felt well pleased with the but felt that we had too little time to say all the good things that were necessary. It was moved, and carried .that a vote of thanks be returned to Sisters E, Kendall and J. Pictpn for their faithful labors in ther Re- " attended, considering our scattered condition; we have twenty names 'enrolled-mos- t of these sisters are striving to do their du' ty as far as they know and understand. We feel to uphold and sustain our president and ' counselors in all their works and ways, for we "feel that they are chosen of the .Lord to take charge of the society here in this vicinity, therefore, in order to be united we must love and respect them, for the Lord says if ye are not one ye are not mine. .We' have a desire to do all we can for the advancement of Ilia .. Kingdom and for the huilding of Temples in which we can recieve ordinances necessary for our progression, and all other blessings which the Lord has promised to the faithful. Ever wishing to be one with my . in the Gospel of Christ, as ever your sister, . v. qwj afwaeitQ lywdl ' l; l0ihTlS82 assisted by our beloved President Annie Lursen, and her Counselors;" Sister Mary Olsen was elected President, with Sisters Eunice Ioleu and Dinah Wridgley a3 her Counselors; Sister Hannah E. Stevens, Secretary; Sister Hannah Henry, lreasurer. Sinw v that time we have been striving to do ty to tm be,st or our trotgroi.ir.ineeungs moumiy, auu ueyare.prtt- , - many express it. - Then let ug try with as much energy as 'if wo were fctadying to get an eduea HoBj Try to traiu. ourselves in the ear and. aJ monition of the Lord. It there ia anythicg that will bring us life eternal, and. make thls wealth cannot life pleasant, It Is tho purchase it, yet it ia withiu the reach of all. luife h loa short to be wasted in frivolity. We we do live, and ehouM improve our lime while ' ?a r11 Mm trond wp ran. frit' If wn waste r.nr time an-talk n ta wcwill regret it in tho fife to ccme ." . they, l- aa 8i)rin2ville,:ISS3.- Ulster? w 1 h i50-eiigaed-if- iTf 3 With etwiiaUifs-foT- ? , .OuxJlief"cietyitorff ' oppornit.j;ior aevtlppmentrThatjfiejLJ do pnf. an. I mnlov all curiiaic aud talents' in fcllcwiiig tbe prevailing fashion, and let our v.,.,,.inni fnii AftiMo or.l Arrtnitv. nnri for- - G-pe- ei Salt Lake City; did" not wish to take, up the time .as all were .anxious to hear fro.m them. introduced Sister , President Kendall then Saul the Wells, who' made a few remarks. Relief Societies had made a great improvement in our sisters, that they were better women, better wives, and better "mothprs than thev would have been without these blessed: gHvrtIkeow ntfsorrpw?";- Sim? Jive toiirts tat, Urhifc sail ba merry, but J?f t .U3: ;.Wj!'j te dftary4 with diubls of an eternity. .' .Wasjeirjcliflu-avOurtihlV"eWm1 hoVa- - ; of our sodetv. . :.q Fannt Kofford, Secretary R. 8 