deni tck plaaiUr which' 1 Vwaiihed therv .U'iit wtvis si: the residence of ray ; brother-ia-- taar, 3lr. K. Beiitlr. Friends were ea hand to aid.kai comfort theyeould. The hope was entertained .tilt 'it was only a sprain and would take time to., regain strength. By a bro- asnTsrical examination it proves to -- ivi Wiitw -- uniD ; j. u near - c.it; Acti n ir S ecrctirv. f.fv. roVEXT I unimpressed lo write a'...Tew lines to put in it. I think it a very "excellent" parxrt.QneKhk-l- i Afler"reao!imnffi3H'oM an V-- 5ixcui:iiit;ji ananoia it in posmoirto to remain anhTUospital until the enapiejmeia-waiE--LJLexpec- t article named shall arrive, which will be, prob- abljr, Wo weeksjonger, - In t he hope of again bein: permitted to bc.;drnon:rmv friend the ..s.--r- Saints of God.- - Y. I.. M. Ex her everv motlierhiyuld hTvenh - T?0iTYP"f "7""" . fnlltr- xo mer'as-- i :our: sisters, as. it Y. L. M. I. A. A PRIMARY ' Counselor Mary John, Zina D. IL Young and several of the brethren. Conference opened r : ? !.t. ii.. ...... i i vnia uie.iuuai exercises oi siugmg anuj prayer, reaaing oi minutes ana reports, etc. Presidents of the various societies gave verbal re ports, and also bore their testimonies to the truth of the latter-da- y work. ... ... -- -- . to-da- y, . 1 vt4-n- l Jh i Vv i X . A aa!ao4a1 m?m ms n .. L.I.J . ion tnere. ine spirit ot the ixrd was with us throughout the whole conference to a great degree. Sister Sarah Roberts, of Goshen, spoke . in the gift of tongues, and Sister Young gave the interpretation.' Sister John spoke of her feelings in the Temple at St. Ueorge; advised the sisters to attend to the- work for the dead. Spoko of her belief in celestial marriage and prayed that all might understand it; prayed God to bless Sister bmoot, that her life might be prolonged to do much goodN After singing, and benediction by ; I can say our Primary and Y. L. Association in this stake of Zion are prospering. Myself in company with - several of the Stake officers of Primary and Y. L., also of R. S., visited Mona by invitation, February 17th. Met with the Primary, at Sister " Elinor Somervilles at one p.m. Besides sisters, there were several of the brethren present, also President Paxman. Singing. Prayer by Bro. McConlie. Singing. The exercises of the children were well rendered, follwed fl. A. M. Grover, Pitchforth and E. Goldsbrough, Brothers L. A Someryille, Baily, Hawes, Pixton and President Paxman. Apostle Teas-dal- e and wife came in, he spoke a few minutes of blessings to the children. The meetinsr was then given over to the Young Ladies and ad dressed by .blder leasdale , upon our duties as an Improvement Association, said we should strive to become "good housekeepers, and that life is just what we make it. President Paxman said, There are many duties binding upon man, so also upon woman. We are the children of God, we should strive to know our duties. Be careful not to grieve , . the Holy Spirit, for there is no happines3in wrong dojng. 'After dismissing we adjourned to Bro. Newtons to celebrate the birthday of President Eliza Someryille, who ' was led in. by her first Counselor where her friends had preceded her, she having received" no intimation was genuinely surprised. She was first presented with a handsomely framed d picture of Apostle Teasdale by himself. a by splendid picture of Sister E. R. S. Smith, fromthe Mona Relief. Society with an" appropriate speech by her first Counselor Eli sixty-seventh- T Sec-con- - - Chris-ten- a Editor Exponent: . the sisters never to oppose it, but ask God for a testimony for themselves. Bore her testimony . to the hely feeling prevalent in the Temple at' . - nd 1 ooeaience to an the com-- : prayerful iaua-aHmands ot: uod. Counseled mothers to send their children to the Primaries. Rnnkp nf tli a rF . Pool, Treasurer. We have about twenty-fiv- e members enrolled; though our numbers are small we are striving to prepare ourselves to become- - useful "members in the kingdom of God. We realize that we have a great work to perform, and unless we are diligent we cannot expect to gain the reward, which our Father has promised to his faithful children. Our meetings are very interesting, and we are all doing our part to, help them along, mean-- while remeoberjnriictice-makesrperfeI think it is a good thing we can have these meetings, they are a great benefit to the young; and should we not be thankful that we have such Sisters as Eliza R. Snow Smith, Zina D. II. You ng, and other sisters who travel from place to place organizing the sisters? I think we ; ought. I hope they may live a good many have health and strength, and I years yet,-ahope we may sometimes have them visit us up here in our far away h" -- f -Hiver praying for the welfare of Zipp, and the ' success of the ExP0NENT7rTemain y6ur sister " in the Gospel, Serreta Pool, President. u nnn ai tla -- ct to meet with you again. I wish to hear from all the - Presidents of this Stake. Sister Zina is with us and she belongs to us when she is here. My heart is filled with blessings for you; your reports express the diligence and good works you have accomplished, and I pray that . we mav all continue faithful." Bishon Tanner said it was a satisfaction to hear the sisters speak; in the pathway of dutYtherewa be diligent with tetyfexhorted-parerlts- to their families in. training them aright, for the future of their lives depended in a great measure upon the parents. Exhorted all to be humble and prayerful; spoke of the duties of the members of:theIlelief Societies, and said " we can lay Ithe foundation for our children to build upon. May God help us to have His holy spirit. After singing and benediction, .conference adjourned till two p.m. Meeting opened with., singing-an- d prayer. President Smoot spoke a few words expressive of her thankfulness for the interest the brethren and sisters took in her behalf; felt to wish to live to do all the good she could, bister Zina D. H. Young said, "If Sister Smoot should lay off mm1 vnAiil llifla. r i.r a 11. l i - nun iyii ijiii ii. in hi ii iiiiiv iim in porally and work for us behind the veil; our loved ones love U3 after they leave us just as much better a they are better; when our friends leave us they are only a little ahead of 1 1 ' pur. as . printedjfurl-thei- - tary; Emily Pool, Assistant Secretary; T. Smoot. o . been -11-' sociation. It mtiop th : of this ladies were young place organized. Ivver since thaj jLime;. this., aisociatibn has been" growing in interest, aswell as in numbers, until it has reached nearly every young lady in the place; and its iufluence is felt by all. , Ilattie J rllicrginson, who has been Dresiden t. ever since the organization, has rMirrnpd nn the following persons were "sustained as officers and set apart by Bishop Price and counselors. Mary Ann Gardner, President; Persis Roberts and Rohda Gourley, Counselors; Lucy P. Tay- - On the 21st of December we were organized by President J. R. Pool, with the following officersi Serreta Pool, President; Mary and Annie Stephens, Counselors; Susie . Pool Secre- rr.ovo, Utah co. jumute8 oi tne uarterjy .uonierence oi the Relief Society of Utah; Stake of Zion, held in the Provo meetinghouse, March 2nd, 1883. ' has- ' benefit. R.S., ine-rv-- " A. OF (iOHHKK. : . u. u. amrresiueni oi L A., and think it oughtto be patronized by ceiJ 1. Dear. EuiTOK: - i wiw juu iwiciv lieuijjiLregnru io has been: seven vcSm - d' by a mast d Butte, Mar Secretary. Dear Sister Wells: 10 friend,-T)Iowe- JUVEK. KAKF. DA.II individual Iwuntiful repast. The evening was spent pleasantly in singing ami apj.ropriate sjechen froiu nearly everyone nment. numbering -- -- 1 trom. -- -- hierviirelifnaevera :mal -- tmt'-.' nor .conference adjourned ...for. r Vx KOU x knL) a x Ti:isf BLhop : -- W LitchfieldrMiiliceht'Jameson, Rachel Edwards, Emma Morgans and Mamie Price, Assistant Secretaries. Adopted by the association. Resolutions of respect to our beloved president, Hattie J.3Higginson, and her .first Coun on 'their selor.' Christina Hiefrinson. deoarture x ' uu to Idaho. We the members of the Y. L. M. I. A., feel to regret the departure of our president and counselor, whom we love so dearly. It is now seven years since we were first organized, and we can truly say we have never had occa- - sion for nrnnlf : . . during ajar l . ttt r While we were this time. 1 4 ft r s hIamm ft r ft 4nn by their good example and able teachings. Whereas, they are going to help build up the wastej2lacea inxionr may theiriab ora they "will associate as they have been to us, only in a wider sphere; And may they find as many loving and sincere friends as those they leave behind. May their wise counsel and kindness sink deep into pur hearts to be" a guide to us "through future life. Whereas, they have embraced the law of celestial marriage they have faithfully per- iormea tneir auues in; mat regara, ana meir lives in that order are truly worthy of imitation. We deeply regret the loss of such President and Counselor; but hope our loss will be their gain. We trust we may tiAii jjiavco oo j ixjixJi txo .iaj We will ever pray forauj their success and happir ness. Lucy P. Taylor, xxtAn . Goshen,' U. T. April 12th, 1883. EMERY STAKE. Report of the organization of the Relief So cieties and Primary- Associations of Emery Stake of Zion. Relief Society of Castle Dale Ward, organized August 24th 1882, nnder the direction of the President of the Stake, assisted by President Anna M. Larsen and Counselor Joana T ftft riL.'n. AUUtt I'll VyliilUa. i icoiucill,, Lucinda Counselors; Harriet Wilcox, Seelyand Jeffs, Secretary; Violet Wilcox, Assistant Secretary; Ellen Miller, Treasurer; Caroline Larsen, head teacher; and six visiting teachers; - A . Officers, thirteen; Members, twenty-five- . Primary Association of Castle Dale Ward, organized January 6th, 1883. Stena Olsen, President; Caroline Larsen andAnneha M. Justisen, Counselors; Sarah Seely, Secretary; Franklin P. Larsen, Assistant Secretary; Mena Petersen, Treasurer; Officers, gix; "Members, twenty-nine- . 1: Relief Saciety of. Orangeville Ward, ized August 29th, 1882, Caroline Curtis, Presi - 