v . -T--f I Indiaaapolis, but tlie pertonality of Mrs. DiiDU k o entirely lost' in that of Zckle's wife that it is hard to realize Jjiat the yjd Jadv so manyranq so varied expe nences is the hanQiire-anhappy ..young1 mhKfachar- - o tales f t u ni te in 11 1 a n t ;a n a l r.ti,, ,i ajr i' t ie L 1 tbfi . i . . uh be-W' rs o , - ' - n . t ue4o-theljnembe- - - to pass, without delay, the Sixteenth Amend-- . men t to the Federal Constitution now pen din e r in the Senate, which prohibits t the, several fctates lrom disfranchising United State? citi-en- s ' ' 'on account of isex. Jtetolced,-Thathe- - thanks of the National Association are d of theSen-- . ate and House committees on the claims of women citizens for their favorable considera- tion of the women suffrage, measures now be- fore them, and their unfailing courtesy to those--whhave urged these measures upon their at; ' r ; J; . tention, Jiecolved, That all competitive examinations for places in; the civil service of the United ""States" shoiil'dbe"" 6peii: on" equal termsTo citPr zens ot both sexe3. and that any riyjl service reform that does not correct the existini; ft nj ust discrimination against women employees and grade all salaries on merit and not. by sex, is a dishonest pretence at reform. Whereas, The Constitution of. the United Statesdeclares that no State shall be admitted to the Union unless it have a republican form" of govern ment;- - and whereas, no can exist unless al the inhabitants are given equal, civil and political rights; therefore, Uemlved, That we earnestly protest, against the admission of Dakota as a State, unless the - right of suffrage is secured on equal terms to all her citizens, women as well as men,. ; ' That the proposition to disfranchise the women of Utah, for no cause whatever, is a cruel display of the power vhichvliesinmightlalone, and that this. Congress has 'no more right to 'disfraucise the women of Utah than the men of Wvo- , swll allowing the interest of the audience to ilag requires something more than ordinary talent or a mere aptitude for recitation; it jequirVs t , i rj d epen d epxciQ fid ea lUler ig i " al i tyjof tli p :t and geniu3 for action.. It requires : also a mmm -- in--tn-- - w " the women of all sections; as '.equal citizens of nation, demand the nation's protection fundamental rights of citizens ombe-r- e . public, the right indeed iipon which a republic is built the.riVht of franchise." Mr. was frequently; interrupted with applause, and at the ehve oi ner aqaress was warm! v. approved. Mrs. Mills, of this city, sang, as a solo, Barbara Fritchie," in excellent style.- - At the evening session - - flip' v it Ul I iu LA rs O H: Tflcter.kctdiJlrspann - ' a.Jii--St- at : f -- - ... 143 ballot, to jhe fitness oU means to consider tins question. The lesson is, let not the work ."Zeklefs. Wife" li t y i wi tljt.JLjen m a ii Tiio m p- n 11 fI x1 . . II T .1 Wt.fi .1. tiufluui ton s juiuomu, ami Aviui ifoe Jefferson's "Kip'. Van Winkle," and is as unique mils wny.as 'cither of these characters. To sustain a conception so foreign- - to the natural eharateristics ofthe actor; without. once., f uaiajn'S EXPONENT. r . ; 31rs. iilake snoke on the question: .' is it a Cruae to be a Woman?" She showed timent expressed- by; that characterVMrs. in. a clear, logical manner that wherever a Dunn, herself the author of her sketch, woman was apprehended for crime the a' to remarkable the possesses degree power to against her was not because of the audience her the crime she "had committed; but because " the impress upon feeling that the - old lady from "Kentuck" is before them, not crime had been committed by a Woman. Mrs. for to their, amusement, but Blako furtlier said that every woman in this only say things also W impress upon them thoso great truths iau n t ry W4i4rea ted by - the law as j f she were - which have presented themselves to her raind to blame-f-or being a woman. In New York an honorable married woman has no right to during the fifty yean of her married life "Zekle'a Wife" is a keen, shrewd, warmher children. A man may beat his wife all lovable old without education he pleases, but if he . beats another , man the hearted, woman, law immediately interferes, showing that the . or culture, yet with an innate sense of refineofment and touching undercurrent - desire woman is not protected simply because she is Zekle."--As-h- o not to :be too hard-oi- r tells indiscreet enouglf. to be a woman. If it is not her story, which she informs us is a true one a crime to be a woman, why are women subfrom real life, she engages the attention and jected to unequal payment with men for the wins, the sympathy of all her hearers, and same service? Why are they forced at times to don men's clothes in order to obtain employbursts the evidenced of frequent applause satisfaction of the audience on Monday evenment that will keep them from starvation? :: '.Miss Couzins began by saying that the Americaning. UVemThe foreign emigration to our coun-born The regular convention opened on Tuesday woman was "a woman without a try is constantly increasing, having during country;" but before she had closed she had morning.when a business meeting was held at the Lincoln Itall, at which various committees' past year: reached the enormous sum of a proved that this country belonged exclusively half a million of people; and whereas, two to the women. were appointed, the most important of them It '.was 'a woman, Queen thirds of these foreigners are men; therefore, beincr the committee on resolutions, composed Isabella, who enabled a man to discover this ' , it isof growingimportance of fci 11 ic Deverchx" Blake, of New York City: - - country- ,- anddn the old fiagrthe-initialsve- re to the. women of the counballot to "1" and "F," representing Isabella and give the Virginia L. Minorof St. Louis; Harriet 13. try for the maintenance of American in- Ferdinand, showing that it was acknowledged Sbattuck, sof Boston; May right bewail, that the woman's initial was the mo3t importof Iadianapolis; and Ellen H. Sheldon, of the r is a punishment Whereat, considered. first be to and in matter this ant District of Columbia. which a republic ought not to inflict upon its It was a woman, Mary Chilton, whose feet At the afternoon session Miss Susan B. ifizens unless they have been guilty of crime; first landed on Plymouth rock. It was a "Anthony, who is always cordially welcomed in rim whereas all men regard tho denial woman, Betsy Ross, who designed our bcauti- AYashington, addressed the convention, giving : ;r, pol itical rights', as - a humil ia tion , Judge f uljfiag, the original eagle on our silver dollars, a succinct, terse, and logical statement of the Jilrck having, in his opinion on the Ed- and the seal of the United States, without reasons why she demanded a sixteenth amendm'inds bill, accurately spoken of "an in-'- which no money is legal. All the way down ment to the Federal Constitution;or, "Whv famous' and degrading j)enalties of disfranin our national history woman has been hand we come to Congress." chisement;" therefore, in hand with man, ha3 assisted, supported, and , The special committee appointed to attend llciolccd, That the taxpaying to the work before the Senate committee reencouraged him, and now there are women States have these United citizens of women ready, to help reform the life of the body poliported that two hearings were given the officers this infliction of not deserved the punishment, tic, and side by side with man work to purify, of the convention, and that ot the reports of demand that do most and they be earnestly renne, anu ennoDie me worm, iuiss ouius the Senate committee with regard to a sixrelieved from the cruelties it imposes upon seemed inspired with her own thoughts and teenth constitutional Amendment the majority ' them by disfranchisement. the audience along with her in her carried Senate the to was in favor its presented report Whereas, during the war, hundreds of flights of eloquence. by Senators Lapham,- - Ferry, Blair, and Anwomen throughout our land entered the serThe report minority thony, Republicans. RESOLUTIONS' vice of the nation as hospital nurses; and Senwas by amendment the presented against MliereaSj many of these women were disabled looked, That the women citizens of the ators George, --Jaekson , and Fair, Democrats, bv wounds ahddisease, while many were re United States demand the rierhtto vote, in or Mrs. Spoiffbrd, the treasurer,, reported that s duced to permanent invalidism by the der that they may be able directly to mnuence " were spent in Nebraska in the endeavor they endured; thercfore, Je2isalionJbrUhepromotioaeLmoralityarid io carrv the amend ment jainatD wis;. That - these women should of the the and protection government, good --iiucu on the pension list 'and receive suitable Wright bewail, oi inuiauii. 7 best interests ot their sex; that woman sunrage on "The Lesson of the Nebraska Campaign." means in consideration of their services. means stable institutions, happy homes, equal Mrs. Sewall said: "Women must learn that After the .reading of the resolutions an men and women. for and can alone equal purity wages, power gives power; that intelligence animated discussion followed, Miss Anthony In larger numbers than ever be- Whereas, influenced intelligence; he by appreciate or showing in scathing terms theinjusticejof" the Slates are deUnited the of women the based fore, that justice alone is moved by appeals employment of women to do equal work with manding the repeal of arbitrary restrictions on justice. More than anything in tne course men at half the salaries in the Departments at wriicTi novTdehaT them from the use of the hal- Of snffVo hp. Nebraska campaign Washington and elsewhere. and, lot; national this of method the A. resolution was added and adopted declar- - ,. justify primary of Nebraska defeat in recent The Whereas, for her association. We have a right to expect that ing that paying Dr. Susan A. Edson a constitutional amendment, giving the women teach State Legislature wilUbe- composeuLpt "services ;as rattendanthysiciaTi-toPresnIenof the State the right to vote, proves that Incthe picked men of alUhe States. We havea. Garfield 81,000 less than was paid for the and consequent jfajlure is the wisomprehension the as intelligence, right to believe that same service rendered by Dr. Boynton, a more of an appeal Id themasses on a result natural nathe of men dom, and justice of the picked recent graduate of the same college from question which is best nnders toed and approved tion are to the same qualities in the mass ot which she received her diploma, is an unjust y-the more intelligent citizens; tnereiore : btato and national . of men, so is the fitness, ' we 'call discrimination on account oi sex. this Congress That Bwlved, upon the for demands legislators to consider the' .ouzius, nt tr'F - ". thorough-sympathyritrr-errcrrarr- so-call- ed rr- n . - dis-enraiuat- . . true-repub- lic : - 1 - : Rt.-ioJccd-, -- . ; ' : , .'. . Disfi-anchiseme- . '. . law-abidin- g, hard--ship- he-:o!ve- uay ' -- - -b- - . 1 d, - he-place- 