our citv. fci.it 1 had. cvt eight courses on two sides rauy of ths 04-Hoc,-- v invre ami niowiinigetfraliawTlh'eWdrk of God vvntisulu to progress ani his power waj . - arrayed against the Saints, and a the 15th of ScpUiiber, : AvhUd my father and others of -- hi$. brethren vverw in council, fit Brother ; ffoslpi :.ibjbirry,-twv- O &Iow ihsr roenTi" BrY ounsr. II. tVKimbailr " P. iVFrattr A.. Smith, John Taylor, W7 ; Ricbiird- - G. Miller; John Karn?, 0. Pratt, 0. Hyde, ac d Job tv Page. These men ?aid they -- Tret eLreq ii ested "net to serve a writ on William Smith. They did not find any of them and soon . leit the city. . 10thT father met with his brethren to consult about what measures to enter into, ana concluded to stop the work on the Nauvoo House. Adjourned at twejyqo cick, and met agamju a-une- . - t r lnor tut ' l.' 7 i --7 1 tit ininrm r Tf Tiui'kH - I ki J. -- ; , . . Mc-Com- b, , . - e . laid hands upon the sick, eighteen of them." caturaay, he mentions being again in coun-ci-l, then went with General Charles Rich to visit the sick. At three in the afternoon he "and brethren went to the mansion. He says, "Brother Rose came in with news from Beardstown. He saw General Hardin with two hundred and fifty men on his wav to pyer-burden- eil placed in a similar condition, and likely to be scattered a sheep without a shepherd, had they a diviue power to lead them to victory. Where if they had not been united, and had had no other but human aid to look to, or to interfere in their behalf, tliey could never have "30th. The council met at the Seventies Hall, adjourned at twelve o'clock, as General Hardin had come into town with his posse to search for property and lost men. He wished, to have council with the Twelve," so we went to his camp on the hill. He read to us his orders, which he had received from the Gov rernorf after which they searched the Temple, Masonic Hall,, and the Nauvoo Barn, then went down the river to camp. The Twelve . and Bishops met at W. Richards' for prayer and council. We asked the Lord to frustrate the designs of our enemies and to blind their eyes, and cause the troops to leave our city; Held council in the evening at John Taylor's. "Wrote another, proposition to people of the State, that Ave were going away to come and our lands and houses and we would fmrchase '" -- . critical moment in the tida of ur afiairi in NaUvoo; nnd we rtad that Washington wu often led to retire atane from camp, and bow in secret iiraver to that same God of Israel, in whom c trust, not omy to relieve nis heart, but to gain His divine awist- nM in idit ivfiil fnnflirt. Thi txnnlA w br . -- . he news- - . . a sheriff and Jawyer.liot a .Mormon, and Porter Rockwell came in. Learned that a mob rushed upon them suddenly and chased them from WflrciTr Tn iha utm rrrm in crfit ftWflV frni the mob, Porter Rockwell shot one man, and "R n nl on stn.csi" On ft Or i wrv - m rrv" Ord ers were sent to the precinct by the .sherin tor tnem 10 be in readiness. ."About ten in the evening Col. Markhani went1 to Carthage, with" fifty men." "My Father in Heaven, wilt thou help thy people and deliver us Irom our enemies, a3 thou art our Father and our God." He wrote that on the evening of the 18th several" com- Red-fiel- d panies went out to take prisoners; Bro. came in at - the same' time with tidings from Lima. On the 19th. the Twelve were in council most of the day at Bishop Miller's. Father mentions one young man by the name of Tippen, being shot by accident in the camp. He gays, "Visited the camp about ten o'clopk. Tippen died about that time as we were going to see him." Rose earlyin -- thembrnOUii.Salurday. ing, went to the council room. Two hundred men went in wagons to meet Backen- stoss'at the junction. Tippen was buried; had a short discourse by B . Young and myself on the public square. Most of the army V came home." "Monday, 22nd, held council with a committee from 3IcDonougli County-,- at John Taylor's. Chose three men to meet them on as follows. A. Babbit, Tuesday, at Bedell and Wells." "Tuesday, 23rd. The day pleasant. Much rumor from Camp Creek, spent most of the ; day in council, receiving letters from different parts of the country, writs out for ;,.' twelve or thirteen men, l?h. Twelve All the and "Wednesday, 2 about thirty others went to Carthage to give ourselves up for trial. "Went before Squire Barns and were dismissed. We went to Bee the jail where Joseph and Hyrura were killed. Most ofthe people had left the place; got home about sunset and met a committee from Quincy. Met in council at John Taylor's-Wrota proposition to the mob; broke up at one o clock in the morning. Friday, 2Gth, father speaks of attending coutocilat Brother Taylor's, the same day at one o'clock, he says, met for prayer and council at W. Richards', from thence went into the public square, ancTsaw one hundred families come in from Camp Creek and other places. 1 7 -- . iinTi roc fromSnnnrneltl. The Carthage to meet General Hardin. tide of the mob is low at this time.. Wiiiiarii Clayton came in with a proclamation from (Seneral Hardin, and a letter. He is now in Carthage with his troops., Dr. :::i:r---r- . Colst6n came in." "20th. At nine o'clock met in council at Daniel SpencerV Five Lamanites were, present Adjourned at twelve, met at one for . liro. ver and council. lent and Isaac Morley met with us to present the names of those to go west.. In the evening went down to. the river. B. Young baptized three red men, and confirmed them at the : r l, st Ka,vV a J tern- - health bein? poor, wfut home early. Sunday, Lth. being rainy, few met at the standf B."YouDg.- sjxike a fewwords. by to get in their grain and other V,;nT nt to see the iicK. lister sooner Met in Council, Bedell. and "others, Bataii". becita e"' 7Bat From thfice wo went to th General Hardin, Judge Douglas McDougal, and Col. Warren met them next day in council at John Taylor's. Father wrote, "After much conversation we adjourned about eleven o'clock. Went to the Temple with them and their array. They went all over the Temple. Took dinner at Brother Taylor's. Met in council in the after part" of the day, with the' same men. I discovered a spirit in them not to do much for us. Went back to their camp in the "at four or five o'clock. We met again eveniDg, Brother Andrew Perkins, and Dr. Colston came in from Carthage, said there were three hundred of the mob. and "Oct 1st. Engaged in council and The Twelve 2nd. visiting the sick. Oct. others met in council with General Hardin's staff. His regiment left early in the morning, and the General left about eleven o'clock for Carthage. Then B. Young and myself went to visit the sick." Went also to the Temple. They were laying the lower floor for the con- - : ference." The same day he mentions attending the funeral of Sister Daniel Spencer, and from thence went to W. Richards' for council and prayer. Says, "Great union prevailed' L These historical items will be of more than usual interest to this people at the present period and they are calculated to instil into . them new iaith and determination to persevere in defence of the sacred principle of liberty, which we still epjoy fthanK God) in spite of every effort that has Deen made by our foes, who seem to have forgotten that persecution and intolerance beget an increase of union, and the same spirit and love of liberty thrills our bosoms, which at the darkest hour roused our country to action," and inspired the hearts of the people to appoint for their commander-in-chie- f, G eOTgeJS7a&hingtonrand h eTwas filled with the spirit and power of hb office, the same as wa3 Brighara Young at the most -- survived through those early scenes of trial and tribulation, much less to have carried put the great revelations and commands of the Almighty. But they knew as well as they do to-- , day the' necessity of humility and prayer without ceasing, and that in everything they muit give thanks, knowing that "he who is faithful shall overcome all things, and lhall be lifted up at the last day." We know that a 'three fold cord is not quickly broken, and wisdom strengtheneth the wise more than ten mighty men." We have had examples enough to waf r,rWllirtn will (ci. ATt( Vlh.t YHM been, and ever will be effected by outside Prei-suraupractice whiebmrfoes seem determined WU WlkJ UUU OUVkUCl t0 leep Up. and works so nearly lives whose such a people, of the resemble those of the ancient followers 1 auewa poor ana aespisea nazarene, who navowillinrfUY hv thpir trorks- - and a like ness to make sacrifice of home, friends, and all their worldly prospects (as thousands have done) and what ia of more .value than all the rest, their good name. For the last fifty years we have ueen looeu uunu uujj, ibcuku, driven about and wronged, for nothing only our religion, and still we cling to it in defiance -nut inn iff threateninga to do. and tliia " Amm VIf ii w e, JilU-nuC- ic ii V- -;. t-"- 1 1 t: . VAmVPVnM wa Vnnw that j our Redeemer liveth, and we still have a posi- tive assurance of divine support if we keep humble and united. We are aware that the "Mormons" as a people, have not yet become all that they should be. Many among us are like dead branches are neither one thing nor the other; and the Lord says He wants us to be tue- VlUiVi j "spew but of His mouth." If we we would meet with but little interference nv mat coiiuiwuii were all m with "Rahrlon j- from them, but rather let us be upon the watck towerfor the signs of the times have been great and mighty changes which ancient and long foretold by the prophets, do hundreds modern; Iremenaber, yes, and so of this people, how the solemnity of these father for years previous rested thincro o . .urxn my , 0 xi to his death; because he ioresaw, m mo tiwuu of his mind, the awful scenes when the judgment cf an offended God would be poured out without measure upon the inhabitant! of the who are earth, and he beheld the fate of those less at ease in Zion; and it will take nothingfrom than His scourging hand to wake them t 7 their slumber. troubles may be Therefore, our presentGod-senor a blessviewed in the light of a for it will wake ing in disguise, like all the rest, and carry on the cross, anu uu.w many Tf: ff;nf7 more, closely than they have ever none others can become heirs with been.-A- nd and eterour elder Brother, t6 c that celestial are who willing nal glory that Ais awaiting allrrnas. -- . Can DUCU kA. ihoir A who stands safely leave the outcome to Him Iftt ua see that we keep inside over these of the good ship, while being tossedthe narrow through Irbugh billows, l l Miiat' nnv' rPTfiri7. wc uou v i v places,-reach our eternal inheritance. fore-shado- w d, or-pas- sin 1 1 . w fe 