WOM AN 'S E X P O NEN T. menti That thU vast crowd of people are 'EerfB- k a false on the face of it aa anything veil can be. The one great feature U their union and !ligtoys drawn between rich and poor. Every one in The mlatreaa Is called "elster and 'brother 'liitei by the maid who cooks her dinner, and flection of themostjbr other ly- character-tizi- n culcaledineverj meeting. Strife is denounced, and arbitration la the prevailing rule. Going Into Jaw courts is moat teverely condemned." There are several other Items in the letters ' we Bhould be pleased to notlea but have only ipace for one more at this time: "I was invited, with my hostess, to a surprise party given a Mormon Jady on her sixty-fourt- h birthday; and truth compels me to say that for genuine, enjoyable hospitality and ship, memory holds not its equal for many years past. The party coming brought the refresh went?; every relative was informed, and many of the fifty-fou- r grandchildren of this 'Mother in Israel were on hand. Mrs. M. I. Home and her husband sat together, when Mrs. Weils came forward, and, in a neat address, presented ; - good-fellow- -; her a magnlflMnthotographlclburnTtheF friends' pictures' within. Her good and noble life was referjed to with genuine heartiness. One of the Mrs. Home responded briefly. daughters sang, the' children joining in the chorus. Then a Iovelyllttle poem, 'To Mother,' was read by the eldest son. . Then an original : was sung,-a-ll song byone of Jierjcharityco-worker- s Joining in the chorus. Mayor Jennings and his agreeable jvife, with other leading Mormons, were present. He gave a toast to the lady; a " thanksgiving prayer was offered, Then came a variety of refreshing ieIJcacie3, all handed around bytbe sohsTsdnsInTaw, daughters and I of the jovial but young-lookin- g daughters couple, who looked as if they might travel some time on the declining hill of life, and enjoy It too, before they slept the final sleep at its in-la- w when the fever of living foot, Is oyer. The evening was essentially cheerful, but its pre vailing feature was its religious character. The ii Mormon lives his religion in his dally lite The graces at table, the reverential deference to Deity, the thankfulness on all occasions are something that is too real to be anything savo . sincere at d heartfelt." This highly cultured lady who has traveled from Maine to Texas with her eyes open, and visited women of all classes and In all condi. tions, has not one word to say detrimental to the Latter-daSaints. She came here to see and to write, to learn facts as they actually exist, and every opportunity possible in so short a time was afforded her, to see and hear for herself. If more of those who visit Utah would take pains to gather facts of their own observations for material to write about, there would be much less prejudice against this people outside. Her description of the Woman's Meeting in this city was truthful and certainly calculated to impress all who read it with the earnestness and zeal of the sisters old and young, and the effectual exertions made to train up the young --the ways of theLoirT,and taundrs tand their mission upon the earth, instead of encouraging them in the vanities and frivolities of the world. She speaks of the "Mormon" women as having ideas of their own and expressing them with as much readiness as other women, and that if they were not honest and zealous in their religion they would make things pretty lively for the men who are engaged in it. Mrs. Saxon knows perfectly well that the ladies whom she met here are earnest, devout Christians, and that they are working for a better condition for humanity, in fact for b? redemp- Ulcq cf the human family. y . -in- . r. - HOME AFFAIRS. . Il : : The Unity Club willTiyo an 'entertainment on Thuridft'tr hFn . t i Richer da acted as iere- tary. The following officers were 6us"ta!neaby " Jen-ning- . The Thirteenth Ward Sunday School children ETLXm: Tote: Mrs.Lula Gjreeno Richard" president; Mrs. Annie G. Sharp andMisa Chru J. Romney, counselors; Misy Celia Sharp, nc retary; Miss Emma Phillips, assistant secretary, and Miss Xettle Sharp, treasurer. Th Bishop gave some excellent advice to the young sisters, and Sirs. Taylor, Sirs. Sillier, Mrs. Wells, Mrs. Richards and liss ImoeaciumdaQnia appropriate and suggestive remarks to the young" people on the subject of their organization. - The entertainment arranged for. the orphan children of the 15th Ward on Chrisfraa3 day, was appropriate and commendable. To do good is always in keeping with the example of cur' Savior, but to bless and make happy the hearts" of the fatherless is certainly in accordance with divine precepts. The Christmas: trees were handsomely trimmed and many of tho articles were made by the fair hands of tho good festers who assisted Mrs5S. M. Kimball, as well aa by herself; she is very ingenious in makingbirds, elephants, rabbits, cimels, cie. The trees were lighted up splendidly with petite. wax tapers, and tho hall was like a fairy picture. Presents, useful and ornamental, were distribut- ed to the little folks and every heart made , - arti-flci- al ere " They will undoubtedly rcmembar Sister Ivirn-ba- ll in after years as a sort of fairy godmother. " She has indeed proved herself a mother in Israel. ' - . - INMEMORIAM., AIlTi:3IISIA 12EAMAN SNOW. : It becomes a sad and painful duty to record our of beloved demise Sh tcr Artedearly the, misia, wife of Apostle Eraatus Snow, who de- parted this life at 12:30 a.m., just past midnight, of the 21st of December, after a lingering jlhus through which she evinced a spirit of fortitude and resignation, tojjiejlL&f--h ea vrrr , vM b c i4gh-e-he dreaded the pang of death. She was the eighth andyoungosfe child of Alva Beaman and Sarah Burtta Beaniauj and was born March 3, 1S10, at Livonia, Livingston Co., Isew York, and was the mother of eh von children, eight eons and three daughter.', , u)l of whom are living except three. She was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints at an early date, and with her father's family removed to Kirtland, Ohio, where her father died in 1837, a mucirfeemed and highly respected memberof the Church of Saints Vith her Jesus Christ of Latter-datwo mother and sisters, Mary and Lsuisa, ftht removed to Missouri, where she was mUrritd to Elder Erastus Snow, at Far West, Dee. 1 3th; 1S38, by the late Heber C. Klrnhalh feon after she, ; with her hu'2nd. .moved to ""Ksv.voo, Illinois, at the time-- of. the expulsion of Siints from Slissouri thrmigh the ex rerrab Piling order of the notorious and vindictive Goyvclcv, L:l-buW. Boggs. , Sis ter Artemis lay vns n:io of t iico WiiO " y : " m " officiated-i- n the Nauvoo .Temple. truly bo termed a wauder?r in 'early life, being in the rpersecu tions and epusnTonH of the Saints from .Ohio,. Missouri nni Illiiicls. She was, in the first company th:;t kft In February, 1846, crossing, tho Minsk Tsipfil. on, the ice. She drove a team across tho plains ia 1818, and came to St. George in ISGU Sho waa a .faithful member of the Jlellef: Scjciyftom i ts first reanization here. aaiLalsiiJreaideji t (n the V. L. M. I. Association when Erst organized , be'bvcii by all with whom eho and '. : 7'.-uvo- r : . wereiaboutjhlf Thursday, Dec. 2Sth were made preparations by the Superin-- " Wm. lor and his tendent, Nay assistants, Wm. Hennefer and Joseph Morrfe, alsot he ladies of r? the Sunday School of the Ward, Mrs. Elizabeth II. Goddard, Mrs. Susan Strlngam, Misses Rumel, ReadTng7Dcthers. Three Christmas reeswere loaded with presents of a very great variety and beautiful to look upon. The afternoon was spent in dancing and pleasant pastimes, and at 4 o'clock the distribution of presents begun; the were all numbered and a corresponding number given to the child that drew the gift, which was handed down immediately from the tree, and the recipient made happy. --7 Three special prizes were awarded for punctuality, attendance and aiding in diligence, deportment, to was awarded first The little Clara work. the Lawsori, seven years of age; second, Anna Stromberg, and third, Lydia Hanks. There were some exercises in music, singing and recitation that deserve special notice. Supt. George Goddard offered prayer, then the hymn "When Jesus shall come in His glory," was'sung; afterwards recitations "Elder Orson Pratt, the ven- erable Apostle," by little CJara Lawson; "The -- old Soldier," by Master Thomas Sloan; "Blngen on the Rhine' Miss Louie Platte; singing, Miss Annie Peterson, "They'll miss me when I'm gone;" Miss Anna Stromberg, "Bye and bye you will forget me." Elder C. U. Savage ' came in a few momenta and sang "The Merry Mormons" in his happiest manner; he also presented a handsome Bible, Sunday School teacher's edition, to the Superintendent, Wm. Xay--Ip- r, who has filled that position nearly seven years. Brother Goddard sang the "Hazel Dell," and six little girls sang together very sweetly, It was a pleasant Interchange of kindly feelings between eld and yGung a? well as a time to be specially remembered by the littlo people. There were over 300 children present, and as gay and merry as possible. It was certainly quite a suc-- On Thursday, Dc. 28 18S2, a meeting was called by the Bishop cf the 20th Ward, to convene in the school house at 2 o'clock p. m. Mrs. E. S. Taylor, Tresidtnt of the Y..L. M. I. A. Central Board, her couneelor. Miss flattie Home, and Sirs. E. 13. Wella were present by invltatjon, Effhrn John Rharp teck ,chnrg8 of L.:AV. hap-:P7z.Th- time of rejoicing on rhada Great : the meeting and effected the following organization after some consultation with the ladies preen t. Elder ortheDeseret Hospital in the 12th Ward School, house; the performance will commence! at 7:30 ' o clock; The is an , excellent, one programme consisting of. music, vocal, and instrumental,;, recitations and tableaux, historical and mythological. The committee, Mrs. s, Maggie Mrs. Annie W. Cannon, Mrs. Nett Snell, Miss Prissie Misa and Talulah Jennings, Young, have labored earnestly, ardently and continuous- - ' ly to make the affair" pleasing and successful. The Primary eon cert in the 11th Ward, New Year's night, was a splendid aCair. The chorus by one hundred and voices five twenty. was well rendered and the exercises were all In keeping. The fairy play "The Sleeping Beauty" was a complete-succes- s; the costumes were pretty and the piece was well presented. Mrs. Louie Felt deserves great credit as also her assistants who aided her" in giving so pleasing an entertainment.- - The object is a worthy one, to .benefit an institution for the sick and infured. The programme is to be repeated for the benefit of the children of the Association, and we hope the house will be again crowded to its utmost capacity in favor of the Association. cess. -- lit. 1. was-muc- h ngsociatod, 