The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women cf all Nations, uf KTirL .... i ....... ... -- whole world 1 USJ'J- - f - ' - - " No. 24. - of the faithful and the friend of God." is striving for a unitv Also .tteDemoerata are striving with all their might the Lord blessed "Jacob with, his own voice, for a unity of action in the interests mother! On her brent and more wives than one. And Leah, " ' ' The sacred infant slept, of. their party;and who eball say, if they sucRachel,- Bilhah and Zilpha became the From infancy to youth, her love ceed they shall be dispossessed of the of mothers of, the Twelve tribes of Israel. right Its faithful watchcare kept; the ballot? The, Republicans are And was not David a man after God's own exerting all And from his lip's a gentle child's their powers, for the same object; and, shall: heart? Jehoida, the Lord's High Priest, took : Whose e arilcBtTrordB she tanght, lose also their they right to vote, if by chance two wives lor Joab, the King of Judah, who ITef ear and heart with Joy received should-becounited? Every society they ' icuccmcu xaiuci lrum moiairy. The wondrous truths he brought. nronicies seeks the unity of its members as a necessity Solomon had xxiv, many wives, and was to its success; and shall all such' be debarred " blessed3.)of the Unfaltering, when men amazed Lord, until he ran after idola- - 7 Their chosen master proved, the rights of freedom, or is it because we gre . trous women; also Hosea was commanded to Through persecutions, aye, till death women, the weaker sex, that man, proud take a second ...wife, anpl if-- we study ITer lore, her faltb, unmoved; man, exalted to a little brief authority, geeks to we the find will Ubundant to Bible, evidence, Whose rapture like the mothers owrf r us, the "poor worn en", of Utah, of our deprive convince candid a God that not mind, only, That through all sufTrlng smiled ! rights? Because what, forsooth? Because we sanctioned the institution the of Patriarchal Whose woe like hers?.who would have died are one with our.husbands in the maintenance - order but that he commanded his servants in Tor him, her Prophet child ! of the principles of freedom, do they think many instances to. obey that law; therefore I that we, as the honorable wives of honorable rrophet and Patriarch, her sons. . say a3 before, that it is an honor to belong to "Before the mother's eyes men, having had. the franchise for so long a such an institution, and how much higher is Did visions of, the gauntlet path time, (with a secret ballot) would not, ere this, than such associations as . that pure principle And martyrdom, arise? nave thro wn.oit the yoke if we were m bond those existing m the world, where a man only Or, answering prophetic fears," ager it (as benator bdmunds says) we were acknowledges one wife, but where many Did heaven in mercy bend under the influence of a Mormon living women are prostituted by the lusts of men who With strength arid balm, and promise suro such as he represents, we could at any look with horror over thsrsnow-cappe- d moun- To lead her to the end? moment have thrown it off and voted against . tains to the happy women of Utah and pity Of women, it was she who liret our brethren. " How did our commissioners their forlorn condition, while all around them, Jlcceived baptismal birth, find out the minds of the, "women of Utah?" on every street, in every corner you find hordes -- When from the throne of God, his work"7 How could they judge of the sentiments of the of women who were once blooming in inno- - . Was brought again to earth- when people, they never traveled through the en to the cencc, the . fairest of their The life that here was ono with them, Territoryfindut-thc:tnieYcelini?sfh- e lowest hus of w T grade degradatiojLWhile-th- e . l n mi i i .t Linked still with theirs will shine" n Mitibiied peoples jjieyiJtner8rhave-peeband (whom the confiding young wife has to draw their own conclusions from a few of trusted her life, hefhappiness and her all, in , our enemies, or those who have been excluded j In courU and spheres divine. Kis keeping) is secretl decoying to his treach- from goad society, hence they are not capable of Within the heart of ov'ry Saint erous heart some unsuspecting one whom he ... Forever he endeared. judging. can, after having gratified hi3 unhallowed pasThe tender face, the noble life, Senator Edmunds. is as much in the dark as sion, send forth into a world, un1 The mother heaven revered: are our commissioners, with regard to the name the of or wife, by tho friend protected by Long hath she slept in silence sweet, and sentiments women the of feelings, impulses, who had betrayed her, a prey to the sting of And now her rest is won, of Utah, and I can say that I have enjoyed remorse and shame, to die, perchance, Awake her name, that younger Saints the fight of franchise for twelve years, and for. When men think that these things Forget not this dear one. have failed never to exercise , that will escape the eye of an Almighty God they V privilege, Augusta Jotce Croctiebox. (until it was taken from, me) and I was not at are mistaken. I tell you the judgments of the any time compelled to vote, only as I felt, Jn TAimighty will fall on th6 nations of the earth own was under the mind, my and sweep such wickedness from the face thereright. Living law of the Lord, it was to my interest to work of; we say to all who pity the women of Utah, OUR FRANCHISE. for the good of thepeople that were living look at home, and cleanse the nation from the under the divine inspiration of God, our heastench ofjeorruption that-i- s sapping away the If the Legislature of the Territory of Utah The condescendhas Father. foundations of virtue and happiness from the venly Almighty had the right to grant the franchise to the ed to reveal His Gospel to men on the earth in land; and close up the places and dens of inwomen of the Territory, (and they having.vio-- : this the last dispensation, and has instructed famy in your own states, and then you can lated no raw of the Constitution of the United His servants in this our day in all the ordilook to your neighbors. The Lord, ere long, -nances that He did the Ancient .Saints; and States) by what right, political or otherwise, will comeoulcf Jais hiding and destroy those - among otherprinciples,yHe 7haFreyeale5tHe-hol- y shall Senator. Edmunds, or any other man, say that have rejected the Prophets and persecuted it shall be taken away? He says it is because order of marriage, or a plurality of his Saints, and those that have shed the blood . they vote as &unitt "because they .vote as they wives, and I am" proud to say that the Lord-ha- s of the innocent "and sought to deprive them of are compelled by their husbands." I ask, why blessed nie with the privilege of living in their rights, they will be as stubble in the ' he should complain, if we, as the "poor women" the same. I honor all who practically honor time of God's judgment. We put our trust in whom for men we to choose vote of Utah, this principle, as it is only those who love this ' the Lord, knowing that we will be judged ac have proven to be men of God; because we law that will be found among the noble and cording to our works (whether they be good or vote for men who have proven themselves to a and will of: forever : exalted, reign kingdom bad) with a righteous judgment, and inasmuch ' be honorable and just, who conceive it to be as we live faithful to our integrity an4 our kings unto the Most High, a3 we find by readtheir duty to maintain the principles of true whom men God the of that ing Scriptures, holy God, we fear not to trust ourselves in His ' conwelfare their of our Father loved, were men who lived in the ; hands. "7. liberty, to promote the f ; claim we the of because and ; stituents; right practice of plural marriage or were descendants The wicked, and ungodly we leave in the Lfri)mlhosa-who-Iived-m-i- t. conto own our vote to We find that Americans, according hands of our Heavenly Father, knowing that to vote the we Abraham,-Jacob- , claim Solomon and vrctions of neht: were David right O 0 He will deal with them according to their denot for and favored for freedom of thought and speech, and to wowere of God, all reproved Sarah A. Fullmer. merits. as those to the the sanctioned God convictions; Lord but their we, wives, according rship many Orangeville, Emery Co., April 9th, 1883. in those blessed lived who: a community, claim the right to vote for men and that practice, that will perpetuate the that are holy order. By reading' in Genesis xvi and xvii Chapters we. find how the angek of the principles of Jvirtueof holiness, of honesty, of It is much safer to obey than to govern. will that Lord appeared unto Hagar and blessed her, integrity, and good will to all men, Who is so wise that he can fully know all and promised that she should become the implant in the minds of the community at Be not, therefore, to confident in things? mother of a' "great nation," also after that, large that it is by unity we stand; it is by thine own opinion, but be willing to bear th,e Abraham married Keturah, Genesis xxv unity that any enterprise (whether political, ' others. TJiomas ci Kempls, social, or moral) will tecome a success. The Chapter and 11 verse, yet he was the "father . j judgment of -- BUCY-SMITlfr of-aio- n Xhe-Troph-ets he-ha- : - 5T - me . n-Jact, " -- -i- . , . . " ' , hier-arch- y, sex,-sunk- - . 1 - cold-hearte- d un-car- . ed ; - . . . : . : .; . -- God-fearin- g, - . 