WO MAN ' 8 -- EXPONENT. A VENERABLE WOMAN. hundred' Continued.' It it .were- - .write a life an varied one "might say complex, as the one of Sister PreV rliPRr.nlt in afford.-Howeve- , i . raw-hid- sta- ... and-healt- the glory. On another occasion,: previously, a visit was made at Sister Leonard's and a meeting was held, at which Sister Eliza R. Snow, Zina D. Young and Elizaebth Ann Whitney were present, also Sisters Vilate and Presepdia Kimball and some others. Brother Leonard spoke in tongues in an Indian language, and prophesied of the destruction of this nation before the coming of the Savior. The power that rested upon him was so great as to produce such an intense sympathy with those in the room, that ;they were all wonderfully affected. Sister Eliza Snow walked the floor to keep, her breath. All felt the distress and agony that awaited the nation, nore particularly the priests and harlots being destroyed in their wickedness, bister Eliza Snow spoke afterwards in the pure language of Adam, with great power, and the interpretation was given. , es To be Continued. WASTE NOT WANT NOT. -- - S Five alonejrereTliumbleandzprayrfutatt and-the-manife- imiinaw jnd vvcr childrel i .i toJrawrneajLto4he Lord, tions of his goodness and power were indeed marvelous, especially in healing the sick. The gift of tongues and interpretation, and the gift of prophecy were given them for their comfort and consolation in this trying time. To mention one or two of the wonderful manifestations of the healing power will surely aot U txut piartA. nf Jiyman Whit N. K. of ney's (brother Bishop Whitney) was Testored to life afterit wa& seemingly-pas- t re one had not seen or spoken covery. lhe little for two days, its eyeballs were dried joyer, the - sisters-w- ere ' called T hT to administer, - Sister Elizabeth Ann Whitney, Sister Vilate, Sister Laura Pitkin and Presendia Kimball and one or two others. They administered, anointing the child with oil, and bathing its eyes with milk and water, and it was restored to life miraculously, but the .sisters gave. God exertion; but she loved the children and their affection. -gained The people were afflicted with muchsick-- ' ness, the water of the Missouri river "was unhealthy, it was an ague country; provisions were scarce, and the lack of vegetables and fruit caused scurvy and other similar complaints, and on all sides there were sickness and distress, very few escaped, and many died. Sister Presendia was taken serionsly ill the week her school closed for the season, she was attacked with winter fever; but she had unswerving faith in the ordinances ol the - and through the exercise of faith byGospel, those around her and the careful nursing and kind attentions of friends, she was, after a painful and dangerous illness restored to health. About this time three of the brethren who went out with the Mormon Battalion came back to Winter Quarters, having been sent on special business from Pueblo. One of the three was John Tibbetts, the other names the lady does not remember, The circumstance made a lasting impression upon her mind, she says, "I never beheld such a pitiful before as these poor, worn out travelers sight presented. Their clothing hung in rags, their faces burned, and with sun and snow they were nearly blind. Their feet were wrapped in from the Buffalo. I sat and heard them tell how fearfully they had suffered the prairies in the dead of winter, andcrossing all this jnthe employ of a government that had driven us, defenceless women and children, into a savage wilderness. I could not refrain from weeping when I looked upon these my brethren and realized how they had suffered " ' of 1847 as the snow inhXB left the pioneers who had been busy preparing themselves during the winter left U search out a haven of for ho Samtsho had been compelled refuge Lo land of liberty yes, a of freedomTet dom purchased with the blood of ancestors, 'who d themselves fled from9 ligious persecution and tryannv On r d . consisting of all those who could fit themselves out with teams and provisions, grain for planting and implements of husbandry, started upon, the trail of the pioneers towards the Rocky Mountains; now indeed was thesettlement al- most deserted. The Sisters had greater need : and protect the women . , " ld . lived near to the .Lord, otnerwise mey couiu not have lived at all." ' The families of the Bat talion men, the families of the pioneers were left as it were dependent upon the Lord for was protection. Sister Presendia at this time living with Sister Laura Pitkin, another of the wives of Heber C. Kimball, their house was near Sister Vilate's, and they used often to meet and pray, together, and others of the family and neighbors would gather in. They-wermuch exercised in their feelings for the pioneers, who had gone out into a new and undiscovered country, exposed to the perils of a savage wilderness. It was a tiiue of great when anxiety. Soon after the pioneers-lef- t, the weather grew warmer, another company, endia satisiactoriiy. mere are" many minute details that fill in so many different places that tomake a complete whole w6uld require r, morqjspa(e.thaiiinew5paper columns brief outlines nave brought us so the on far journey into the wilderness as to Winter Quarters, and now let us stay awhilo in tkis resting place by the way and recall a few items of interest. Ilere the people waited, yes, waited for the. pioneers, waited ior the Mormon Battalion, a weary waiting, a desolate ' ... waiting. The Saints built log houses, "chinked in" according to a Western phrase, and covered generally with dirt and straw. The floors were dirt or sometimes puncheon. When we consider the comfortable homes "the Saints" had left, the hardships and privations they had endured, the hundreds of deaths by the way, we may well say, "it was like the children of Israel in tha wilderness."' YW. tVimiKrli Uv endured without murmuring andXesought4he jjuxu m Bucugiu jju uis spirit . 10 sustain them. Sister Presendia's home was a very humble one, built of logs and. covered with straw and dirt, a little straw upon the dirt floor for cleanliness. Here she "toiled day after with scanty fare, and taught, the children, and when school would close for the night her voice wou W J mm Ji w wiJJi - to serve their country, ana tne pioneers iuu thus away nearly one hundred and fifty more, were left the aged, the feeble, the women and The sisters left almost sas it thft children. TRESENDIA LATHBOP KIMBALL. j able-- b Waste is a subject that is rarely spoken of in connection wuh religion. "Wilful waste makes woful want is an old also "Waste not saying, want riot;" though the latter does not always prove true. From Holy Writ we learn that i is disn easing to God, and our own reason con- so when so many Of the e.irtJi'ia m?r fspeciaUj . us a,ui wuj iojq 60 POOrlVr fct. Peter says, "To knowl aace;" aud when 1 with five loaves and two small fisW Ha tn?m to "Gather up the fragment that ic ... , that God has given the , beasts of the field, the fowls of the air, the' herb and the good things of the earth, whether for houses, fernsprchards or gradens, for the benefit and that- - rame . use .of man, t j)lease theeye and gladdca.the heart, for"Tool and raiment, taste ana .sraeii and to enliven the. soul. And it plcaseth God that He hath given-- alL.. these things unto manrfor unto this" end were : to they made, to be used, with judgment,-noexcess, neither by extortion, and in nothing doth man offend God, orjagainst none is his.,: wrath iindled, save those who confess not His hand in all things, and obey not his command" . t - e . ments. ' , Vegetarianism is now attracting considerable attention in'Europe,and is advised on account of the land being able to support three times the people, if cattle were not fed, and the ground planted with grain and vegetables. But God gays "Whoso forbiddeth to abstain from meat that man should not eat the same, is not ordained of God;'but "Wo be unto that nan that sheddeth blood, or that wastcth flesh and hath no need." Doc. and Cov. It is also given that it is pleasing . to Him that meat should of winter,.or excess only: be and all of hunger, things ate to be used with judgment and not to excess. Also cruelty to animals ' though not often considered religiously, isjnot the less worthy of our condemnation, while their general inability to defend themselves should implore our clemency. It is said that , much torture is inflicted on animals by physiologists and that physiology cannot posssbly progress except by meansj)f experiments on living animals. A humane writer says "You may buy knowledge at the cost of sin, and often do so in scientTficinvesti- -' . gations. We do not remember reading any scripture-o- n tKe subject, but it seems reasonable that God does not like his dunib creatures to suffer, especially as it is written that a sparrow does not fall to the ground without- His notice. Christ's commandment to "Do unto others as ye would that they should do unto you" is probably not out of place in regard to the brute creation, and certainly to torment and abuse them is the reverse of mercy; kindness and compassion, which attributes we are encouraged to cultivate and practice. aten-inHhe-ti- me -- -- - - ' An Fellows. MISCELLANEOUS. We should do everything we can for others, if only to dissipate the Jhought of what they omit to do for. us. Madame Swelchine. : "The time has come" when scientific truth must cease to be the property of a few. It must be woven into the common life of the world." Agamz. : Habit, if wisely and skillfully formed, be- comes truly a second - nature, as the common saying is; but unskilfully and unmethodically directed, it will be a3 it were the ape of nature, which imitates nothing to the Jife, but only clumsily and awkwardly. J?aco?i. We want one man to be always thinking and another to be always working, and we call one a gentleman and the other an operator; whereas, the workman ought often to be thinking and the thinker often to be working, and both should bo gentlemen in the best sense. The mas3 oi society is made up of morbid thinkers" and miserable workers. It is only by labor that thought can be made healthy, and only by thought that labor can be made happy, and the two cannot be separated with impunity. Ruthn. 