Who had beenjduly elected by: the voice of the invaded the don eatic relations of pQpV3-l-t the teHibrjdlsrupted families; and strange to eayjio 'lU efforts tapanlsH men who alone had heVflrxbli :fiira committed t qnd jpljgamyreaked Its vengeance npon ; ther women. It has never btenjimarcedo-Xa- r as I anow, mai any woman in utau has, openly. Hyedwith more - than one h usband. But th is Edmund' Bill disfranchises the first wife of a Mormon, who of all other - - jssbojildhave guUtyrthen, ;auouTa7in. this 'bouse' woald be guilty of a crime, if her husband should attempt to commit bigamy or polygamy. But the Mormon people submitted to this outrage, and quietly refrained from any attempt to vote. ' Every polygamous . Mormon, and was disevery wifeof a poly gsmlat franchised. , One would have supposed . the matter would that have ended there; but there is that spirit in tyranny and oppresr slob, that when the victim is under its heel, it wants to grind him a little more, Inflict some further tor; pre. Now comes the lion.., George WillIam Cassid,trofiNev53fl7 tk mlnnmW - from that little faroff WestiixTState. and wish- - -- . . -- in-tem- ds, himself. "';x;x. .' Mr. Cassiiiy introduced the following blllr "A bill to disapprove and repeal an act of tbe'gov-erno- r and legislative assembly of the Territory of Utah entitled "An act conferring upon women the elective franchise," and for other 'T 7, ..purposes: ;' " " Belt enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress aesembledThat the act of the Governor and legislative assembly of the Territory of Utah entitled "An act conferring upon women the elective franchise, and approved by the governor of said Territory February twelfth, eighteen hundred and seventy, be, and the same is hereby disapproved and repealed. Section 2. That all other laws or parts of laws now in force in said Territory conferring upon women, In said Territory, the "elective franchise, be, and they are hereby, disapproved and repealed." ; . Now ask the gentleman what hia little bill is aimed at; and when the time cornea to a representative for the little State of Nevada, let the women of that State arise; in their own womanhood, and politely ask Mr. Cassidv. f if they can do it in no other way, through their fathers husbands, and. sons,) to stay at home and till the soil, or delve in the mines of that productive 8tate. He was elected to Congress by the meagre majority of 1,237 votes. Anyone of the eloquent women on this platform could go to that State and turn the tide agalns. him. And so let every politician die - whosegreed for office outrun his sense of Justice and who denies the paternity of his "own child, or the significance pf it, as Mr. Cassldy does la this biU. Hardly had the sound cf this geitlsman's .. ' - . . : re-ele- ct teims it. . -- ' Hear what .he ; : say: ;irJi. hiA ' "Section 7. That it shall not be lawful for any femaln to vote at any election hereafter held in the Territory of Utah for any publio purpose whatever, and no suh vote shall be received or counted or given eflectjn any manner whatever, and any and every- act of tbe governor and legislative assembly of the Territory of U tab provld lug for or alio win g - the : registration or voting by female is hereby annulled.' fosction Er lbat the existing eleotionrdistrlcts and apportionmen t of repr eeen ta tlon con cern- lng the members of tbe Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah are hereby abolUhe J; and it shall bo the duty of the Governor, TerItor-- ; all secretary, and the United states judges In iald Territory forthwith to redlstrlctsaid Terrl-- : tord and apportion representation in the same in such manner aa to pro vide at nearly as may be for an equal representation of tbe people (excepting Indians not taxed) being citizens of the , United States, according to number?, In Bald Assembly, and to the number of members of the Council and House of Represenir tlyeFjresp ctlvely7as now established by Jaw . And a record of the establishment of such new dUtrlct and the apportionment of : representation thereio shall be made Inr the office of the secretary of the said Territory, and suchstab llshment and representation shall - continue until Congress shall otherwise provide; and no persons other than citizens of the United States otherwise qualified shall be entitled to vote at : -;- , any election in said Territory." These citizens are guilty of the crime ofbelng women, for no fault of their own; "famales' Mr. Edmonds calls them, which might apply equally to dog or cat and for this crime he 7 proposes to punish them wlthont Judge or Jury, and by a flat of law deprive 10,000women citizens cf. the ballot, and concludes by saylny, No person other than citizens of the United States, otherwise qualified, shall be entitled to vote at any election in said Territory." And now the'title of the bill is amended as follows: , "A bill to provide further means for. the snp, presslonof the crimes of bigamy, polygamy, and unlawful cohabitation in the Territories of the United States, and to provide for the better government of the Territory of Utah, and for other purposes." r Did ever a politician I cannot say statesman so get up flimsy a pretext for so unjust an act? Punish innocent women for the crimes cf men I Does any one of this intelligent audlenca believe that that was the honorable gentleman's motive? Disfranchisement is punishment, and punishment supposes crime, and . crime , under onr Constitution and laws, call for a trial by a J ury of one's peers, and a conviction of the offense. ;See decision of the United States Supreme Court in case of Cummins, 4tn Wallaca. Qappose that'Mr. Edmunds should attempt: to introduce into the legislature of his own little 8tate of Vermont some sweeping legislation like this, and under the pretense that some persons in that State were guilty of unlawful cohabitation,: nndeitakeroiwipeurWO or 25,000 votes, not after trial and conviction of crime, but on general principles punish the innocent with the guilty. If the honorable gentleman is really so intent upon the promulgation of virtue, and the parity of tha mor&b cf tha Territory, bat to' ALiTcf. the Trritorie3 of the TTnltAH Rfftfpfl tn fiww snot thnt CarivTeBm dars invade. He has already hadJLnand m disfran: pVilflfnof h mn nf thft "HiRtrfnt of Cnlnmbla. and his appetite is whetted; ifor more ccnqgesta -- r suffrage by posUivei legislation iQrOther Territories, and In -- new hTerritories that ' may be fprmed; invadlngtbose rights usuaiy delegated to the 'States j and, Teriitories of tho Union, of artftDglng their own internal ; affairs. He seeks to who shall or who shall not vote. ; v ,; Jiut let us see wnac else mere is in inn um re t crX- lating to womenKeaa section il-I- Section 1. That in any prooeamg ana ex - - Uoited States commlaoner in any prosecution for bigamy, polygamy, or unlawful cohabitation under any statutem of thea United 8 la tes, the law- . m m . a mm - be a competent witness, and may ba called and biip.Vi nrrA(1tnar or without the conexamination, protecntion sent of: the husband or wiff, as the case may be. tSeatlon 2. That Jn .any. prosecuuon lor big. under amy, polygamy or unlawful cohabitation, r before any statute of the United a United States commissioner, ladze. a srrand mtiu Ha vimriQll.rf tn tnmtfv In - States-whethe- ve i hi w iji kii v i'jiiii il 1 1 - nesff may oe Issued by " - f aminationperoreitnergrana-jaryj-ajuageo- - Leg-islati- oat woman lhwa ahuttinif h TTnUd PlfftiAo , -- "yrr - ha nraa T?n thfyC believe in 7.bJgamyYor Tpolygamy?)Npf . lnc to Imttiortftlfzw ilm1f In com a noi? mnirna to d h franchise the women of Utah. He wants to wipe out, at one fell swoop, more votes than - it tpok to elect him to office. He wants in his magnanimity to punish women for tbe crimes of men, to punish Gentile or nonMorm on women for the alleged dlreliction of Mormon men. He says by way of explanation in the newspapers "that this blow is not aimed at woman suffrage so called bat ajjtigaxnyand7 polygamy." The lion.-Mr- . Cssaldy knows, If he knows anything, that no blgainltt or polygamlst man cr woman, cab. vota in Utah no Wi and that whatever he his bill Is a blow, lb woman suffrage and only a fool or a knave would deny it. Bat it does not matter so much what a gun la aimed at, as what, it hits. Hear the gentleman for already disfranchised under jhis former , bill, all of th emwb fO reEnow" I ou polyaray or who have ever lived in polygamy are alreidy disffan chi59:i, but this sUo IucluJe3 so called Gentile women. For .what, are they, they been bigamists or polygamisU? Nof Do an(1.fcv 'rj;. , or-hav- com-cnft,- .or . Jtepubiio iii what is really til iturbing , his digestion, Jet him experiment upon thie Congress cf -- the United State?, nf ter the fir' WfkTrittn, S,e' left quorum voice died on the air beforeT the HonGeorge Fi Edmunds, of Vermont, comes fcrward wih an Amendment to hia former little bill, Growing bolder by toe success of bisi3r6biU,iwhicli.'Was' as unconstitutional as It was udJ as t; under cover rpf aexal led jpurlty tstone at'woman suffrage; making - bigamy and polygamy a cloak- - fcr the disfranchisement of whom? The Mormon women? r No I they are KLini'iiiiivii h i w . the court, JuJge, or w rmm com-mlat- on wlthouta pravioua sabicoaa, CjmpaJI- - ituuitiia aticuuiuiiD ui NUi'U wtlucBI, when It shall appear to the cemmiafcioner, judge or court, as the Cise msy be, that there Is a reasonable ground to believe that such witness would nniawiuiiy rau to obey a eubjccaa issued and served in the usual course insoch cases. in thia .jThls eminent Jurist .and lujg uia r law-mak- er, -.z twmmoniiaw, ana statute law respected from Ume immemorial, by bringing witnesses into court by process of subpoena, bat proposes to at tach them at once and bring them bodily into, court, or thrust them-- , in Jail if need be, to con pel attendance; to make the wife testify against tttAW fM Avnlnnl- 4Um ? li0. D (U) aAlUQV VMS ml - defiance of law,. statute, or custom; and tho learned gentleman does not even allude to a pre , - Vino Kom r aw linaKonrl V4 SUW UU9VSUV4 " cedent for such unheard-o- f legislation. He proposes to finish Indiscriminate y by dlifranchis- i nor vnmn n oror nhurotati rr Avon nnonrntnJ n crimei much less convicted of a felcny, : He proposes to bring a wife into court against her huj- - him of felony, and thus beggar herself and chili, ren. The learned Jurist buries the Blacks tonlan idea of the oneness of husband and wife before tha law, so deep that it is doubtful, with his learned emanation it win ever again be reiurrected, or that3 barrister or Judge will, la the days to come, venture to allude to it. But he throws Starkie on Evidence' and the. Jaws for the Pension OfRoe quite in the shade when he undertakes to make a "certificate of marriage, solemnized by priest or other person," prima facie evidence, pf the facta rrnulred bv thia ant tn ba tAfH here in, in any proceeding civil or criminal in whic the matter shall be drawn in question. No 1 wi Bin in inn i jjuri.i in liim i ( ri 1 1 n'l rtv t n Certlfl-- . rtini.. the department of the Oovernmeot is a cate of manlage, whloh any person can faiifyfe tfi!r.n na vlrfnri Nnnr lfatn fn nof Hf nm. graph of this remarkable bill. , Section 5. record That and entry of sny every ? kmd concerning any ceremony of mar- rlagej orin nature of manlage, made .cr kept ' by any officer clergyman, priest, crf per OAper-forQicivil cr ecclesiastical functions, whetht? - , ns 