87 an U far ty y ear- - u go. Wc m Ig h t t h e P shout from (he fulatna of their heart. when their eyes first buheli the broad acrui of thii beautiful valley. They saw In v in Ion the future homo ttt the BaintiQOiu-ulr"lnhTa- ufy and grandeur; they saw a safe retr eat from their oppressors; they viewed with pleasure the lofty mountains; the limped water flowing down through the rugged cinyone; and notwithstanding the aspect of the country generally waa even that was In ther favor, for no one waa so greedy m to desire its prsseaslon In thoEe day?. Here wan a place for- - the Saints to rest their weary feel; here was ground to stand upon; here was water to drink and sage brush to' burn; and wilh the few pounds of flour, and perhaps a few ounces of sugar and tea. What more could a paople want? Well the peace and protective Influence that pervaded the placejsupplied the lack of other things, for. surely the people were destitute of almost every earthly CJrnfortiVlIow could it ba otherwise, after being driven from their homes and possessions time after time? Hook back upon the eitiy-days- cf this church; the days in Nauvoo; when the Prophet Joseph was with u; when he taught me the principles el x v ( " 1 1 -- Jo--iie- era . Jhir;x. ex-chi- : g, the varied circumstances attending It; his cruel death; our exodus from our homo In the cold winter, and tke incidents.aitending our journey in the wilderness; our arrival in there valleys. I look with wonder upon the change thaShas been wrought.ia the comparatively few years that have past. sicca we first arrived here; and I "Surely ths hird'a pfotej3in2laoidJiai--- Leen over th 'IrTT&lTdayscf Nauvoo Ltbe holy order of ce?e3tial marriage wa in its in- fane?; it was not taught publicly, consequently the people gsnerally'dld not know of it. After we crossed the Mississippi River ii was not con sldered iiece83ary to any longer conceal it. I remember after crossing the river I sat myself upon a fallen tree with my babe in my arms; the snow was falling in large flakes, thick and fast. I was cold and hungry, for fool and clothing were scarce,and much had to be done before comfortable quarters could be provided. Many eyes were turned upon me or rather upon my baby; some with favor and some with disfavor or contempt. Spiteful things were Bald, and the oppressive influence that hovered over and around me was so distressing that it seemed as God has sustained me though I mu3t sink; but ' through it all. . Bpiritual wives, as we were then termed, were not very numerous In th'oae days, and a spiritual baby was a rarity indeed. Oa our journey from Nauvoo the Saints would stop ""'and form small settlements to recruit. I stopped at one of these places a short time. Company after company passed, and many hearing that a Spiritual wife and child" were there, curiosity led them to seek an interview. Ail pronounced the child a bright and beautiful boy, the hondsomest child they ever saw. And it was a child too born in that despised relation called plural marriage. ' Well, time has proved that all who professed to be Bainta were not Saints. Some did not like that peculiar religious principle, although they pretended goto do. I remember when my babe was about eighteen months old I took him to a neighbors', one looked at him and said, "Well, that is r woman the smartest spiritual child lever saw." Another lady asked her if she dtd not think spiritual children were as smart as other children. She answered she did not. I had my own thoughts. Waslt consistent to think the Lord would d his people to adopt a system of marriage that would degenerate the mind of the human species? I could not see i t in that light. Well m those dys the principle was new and strange', ifor a r ! for-biddin- not wear away one prtic'e. This tore is uaed d'Ui store ant? p'jjt cf3e?, ahi ia very, Isrze. 100 ft. by SOV Ever to many foundations and to different from our traditions and the cus tony of our former 'live, thtt we'eannot-wondethat rnxixa talked a little. The v 'a:i i'ii of to- f roaMa iua daynd m ally ra7c ts . 1 All i no w ilo w- -i i is l bu t "few know. how it was thf n. No w.wo'fcee thrift and plenty. The people have gcod homes and an abundanca of the comforts of life. Then it was poverty and privation, toll and hardship. But few children had been born in the celestial order of marriage; portion of this territory Is peopled with men and women born in the order of plural, or cdesthl marriage, .with large families born and growing up in the same holy order of matrimony, being taught in all the pure principles of the Gospel. Truly the Lord'a hand is over this people for good. Blessed be the name cf the Lord. E. Dow. Salt Tke City, July 24th, ISSr,. 0-..;&-v.ry-. "7 thU saoielrwk, and teveralhere to-da- y stap3 made of it, how we envied them; from there we went one block east, and saw a very little iquare houfie, built of the tame rock, we went In among the tree?, It was a perfect grove, "and found that this was the city park, and the little house wis used as a sort of store house. A man who was working In the park told us that Mrs. Clark, who lived on the hill, could tell us who had lived in all the old houses, but he -- now-a-gr- eat ' kaew nothing, lMrsClark,e; , x ; . ' NAUVOO THE BEAUTIFUL. .On hoard the Steamer Pittsbubo on the " Mississippi River Leaving Nauvoo July 23tb, i '' ' - r ' ; 1SS3. - " .. . ple! , . him .and started so we left for we. went in several old houses to are almost all occupied by Dutch peopl?; we at lat found Mrs.' Clark and her "two widowed daughters, they were very pheasant, and so kind to us. We were a long time deciding whether to go la or not, but we thought it we were not jooura geous enough for-- 1 h a f we would not find ouTany thing so (we braced up) so to speak, and went in, and as I have already said, they were very kmd, and insisted tn our stopping to dinner; she went out with U3 and fihowod us where the rest cf the Temple rock was that hal been bought by Mr. Bitter, a .very rich eld man; one of the daughters went over with u, and we saw all there was tg ree, hunted round for a piece with carving on, but only found one of these -- immense head?, and it was perfect; the stone was scattered over the wliolo blcck, and he has ; sold a greit deal; it hardly seemed possible there could have beeo so much in the huiJdiDcr. One Jargo piece wita carving on, he S3ld to a man from Chicagi for $300, and h would not sell that head for Je'g; he .gave us some email specimens'. We had dinner, arid then, accompanied by the two girl, walked dawn through the beautiful field?, and passed the hedges (I never 1 My Own Dear Mother I tried so hard to write last niht, but was so tirod that I fell asleep when I was writing. Belle and I left St. Louis on the rail wcy train after eight o'clock on the evening of the 23rd, aniLarrived ttontroseIowaTatTIvemWe had such a day yesterday, such tramping around that at night when we did etop we were ' perfectly worn cut. I was delighted with Nau- voo. It Is really a beautiful plac?, but such EtiJlnes?, such deathlike silence, L never dreamed of; they call is "The deserted City," and it is well named. Its situation is more picturesque than anything I' ever saw, and it I . , ... . . . . I nr r l rl.n.n has such a weird, sad attraction abcut it for me, not knowin? what sh:?. was. They told us she that my eyes constantly filled with tears in spite knew so much, and she did, but much it was, of all my efforts to keep them back. It wa3 a too many liep, a i)erfect hcrnet'dces, and wagotcool gray morning that we errived at Montrose, out ss soon as pS3;u:e; irjom there we came first and the river waa very quiet. We crossed in a to Uncle Joseph Young's bdus7and it is a boat, and waited on the other tide uotil our felbeautiful place! The large3t evergreens lever low traveler could go and find Mr. Smith and the his epring wagon to take us up to the hotel; be saw, a fountain and a great houee, they eaid, wai almoit the same; two 0?n came back with the old gentlemen and his story brick, with frame top, with little windows wagon. We rode up quite slow, so very &Jow, stone and green shutters. From, there we Baw Br;g- or some objects that often I had to wa'ch a we were to ham Young's old hou?e, story and a half brick tell whether on the ground really west wing looks old, but there are some people moving cr not. However we did not m;nd, for we had a splendid chance to look around at the . living there. We next went to tbe mo3t interesting place, the old NauvcoIansionMrs. Hudson green flslds, vineyards and beau tif ul hedges, . lives there. She tcok us through the house. and the old tumbled down houses. Mr. Smith Wo first went in the parlor, with its large, pointed out to us several places where people' black mantle-piec- ; next tho long dining-roohad jived whom wo knew very well; it was very where they told ua they brought Joseph after he affecting. I thought of your suffering, how " was killed perhaps you bad gone through thesesame It was full of old Ihings, some china, -- streets, and cf all the sorrownand trcubleyou: and everything was old ftll over. had known right there when you were so young. From there went to the kitchen where the old It seemed like a dream that I, your youngest well wa3 and had a drink cut cf the same old daughter, ehouli be so blessed as to have the well. They told us there had been no change privilege of seeing all these came places. We "rmade in any part of the house. The water was arrived at the German Hotel, called the Temple .Wo eaw at the right refreshing. House, about six o'clock Tuesday morning, July hand side of the kitchen the room that Mother of 24th; every one around us was German, but ' Smith hadj)ccupied; everythinglooked veryolcT courBe they could all speak a little English. worn out. Shn took us up stairs into the and The house faced the nor thy and we had anTce7 ropcet josepn'n zoom nnu laio me c:osei wnere, large, quiet room up stairs with a porch in front, J it Is said, he used to lti Je, bus she could not open and from it we coul J see where the eld Temple the eecret door that leads up on the roof; the used to standj wewero exactly one block east of told U3 cf it, and said her sou knew how to do it, itacroasthe street. We had breakfast and tut we saw no door; we went in all tho rooms, we went up to oar room again, went up to and saw the same old stairs. Oh! how much we see what wa9 left of the Temple, but where it once stood is a nice, new, frame house, and the thought of you, and whhed you with us, bat we were afraid it would ba too much for you. From store on the south west corner cf tha block ii there we went to the Eiverslde Mansion, once built entirely of the Temple rock; it ia as lhe "Nauvoo House," that was just started smooth and white as ever, and they eay it does 1-'- m, hfcve carriage ; 1 1 many-flower- - - s; . ; . m ' ' . , - be-fo- re com-man- . ' 