. f. W OM da AN'S ; EXT 6 Ni'E NT like b'ask to thcsa yrha'have cnc.ft-&e:- i u.v ? -- a , v; on ' v fo. t r. u a nei a & mpirTnd ':ve-- e hrihls Twer. '.ai'-- tt jirifcnfel frc rn HhffpTiU:fc o:rnc?o;are :aeU f irtut of mftinie.- are. f Jaa" - gviiita ZtIme itlrilIaii t be errata&inur e- e R very"--prettv- t Z3att:uuttTto rttaia Uiartspirirjstira . r.r''w MrsBe vans, equal upon Without aiv "our Hcavenlv Father ibr iruidamy, strength. u lor ti qiiaiiflcati-HH.to.hand. the iieccs-a-rv TJuTaof the minion. I can ,oe two 5r three y juV: aiiieruit wav.--in which I bmld pt' UmiU.wiih-- t-- i:rin :ronam-- j :'tr rW i.vi wit-;j- . and the vi.-- it- -o 'v.'a- WiOtoihordiii r t induYcitilu m n hiuf c,4u 1 em will 1 ht--y nnr Ifcaa rei!itel(.i-nnt.T- of. tire kinjmsseiMiM of S:UaijUtMtiil w-- u lnva As-ociatio- tWle - il " or -- " ' native-languag- I i ij-- s - ' iss:v.- Oji. is..iii - 11- e-l- d uwtn "warn td of Lh potfer, which will 6e able i:i to if, euehJa fho last iiays I ho very !tet. And may U;d to deceive ia- -t jiTgnt that o r Wi.dciii, uaimasd Altlusy nor-rcstloot-boita-- o uu t:i.aV a.Cifi ilfid ao ins j.Uve juaur-- mLhc. TataLo will 6Jnicra no bnzrr.i-.aypo.;ver to Mil! it -r toi- - 'tuj ; worfc, After the iiitial opening exercises the children recitatioir etc. tookup soma time in ohg?, divided into thre; The Association wa the'n er, -io; ;.';Lr Alice. n.'., , the jint distiict; ... liavc-"ehat-c-ov- 1 i Si-sier- . . la i Lucy Maria Hansen ir lr U-iiiv- over tlie second; rind .Sister" - fhouli Lea are il, was held at: two p.m. hei-si,t- the imiiiliy Oar Conicreace uatloac -- t Le tii from tat: i rpriscii bYMisu : aiur; absence ol rylcspect; we all iegrettcd the th iiueen, who was unavoidably deterred irom tno comin bv the Fcrious. Illness of. ;intrndtd rwr'Kvs (f Hawaii, wlio alsoI will leave an ick. takUl inwas untibhc more in- of 'the rcceptioa of th tercsting correspondents than ruysejL. was. organized by A Primary the P'th of August, on President Partridge, Viri. S. L. Partridge acting' as President ior the present, and Mrs.. Armeda S. Young First Counselor; and IJanaa, native voinan, Second rwmQPlnr jiiid Victoria Kekauoha, Stcrctafv Ernest Partridge in for the h. v.ith 39 names enrolled. Here teach childagain is:thc difficulty of trying to ren without having 5iiflicient hnowledge of the -ah tl .language to - explain things oi" tlie children; the perfect understanding do our best,. trusting that however, we can only the Lord will bless "our eiibrts: We are very - petticoat. s!;uwijvgiiliLMii TIrTmfttaTph.: There Iwas needle, - Urn i D aayritnnoTl.ed,.. a "cliarniing bouquet of natural tlowers," and. were - th-'- ' Croehet"d er Wil-i-oi- over the third. The meeting, was; then hv Bishon .S.. .M. Molen, Brother Cul- ins of Bear Lake, bister- - .Jaae j.vMoien, Hake Presid en t, Pre-- i en t Lucy vi Isan , and ad-.Irsr- n A 1 1 -- "i-t- Parkinson, President ?i the er H ellsville 'b Primary. All were well pleased ml i:poU those presentV .:. encouragingly Meeting was: then dismissed. v Benediction by James Unsworth. '' Wiihing the success of the Ex.pqnextl . - t-- i e, ' 'cuxj.bteriii-tli-Gtp- 77777" ::iit-rleiiT- iies; -- A Lice-UsyoiiT- d; Cor. Sre, ii, ; iV:TY:Tffi"L aTaKD reports. PRIMARY n NRLSTINOJiK -- v-- e -- GrfVrcare T)f IftfliprSocietiea of the Sandwich Islands was' held at Laie, Oct. 5th, CO') nn lo eiftnd. 'IMrs. B. J j. Farti'uU'O, Mrs. Ameda S. Younsr; native Counselors, Kaahanui - 8. , con-dens- ed -- ViersLQci JjIM3tM A few remarks were made by Sisters Partand interpreted by President ridge and Young, ' also addressed the meeting a Partridge, wh') duties their short time, instructing them, in and encouraging them ia their labors. . Most ot the aioney paid out of the treasury. lias DCCn UOuaica oy um mutiuui ueienea iuin buildintr a house for the use of tbeso-- ciety atLaTeyit"i3considered necessary lor them to have such a house, not only for the accomodation of .the- poor but for other purposes. It would be hard indeed for anyone who Has not bad the experience to understand the many ditiicuhkhs to be overcome in trying to introduce and establish these societies jimong a peoploj0-.. - po unaccus-tome- d to anything of the kind, aside from the, to me, almost insurmountable difficulty of learning the native language, h is a labor which requires r ...l.-arian-. rne-etiag- ; - - :.rr, . 39' imple,in,theif---understalfdTiigsJau- : : -- . ' ' the treasury on April oth, lb$.), nmount donated since April, 272,791; given to the )oor,;55,20; expended for; other jmrposcs, 144,30; amount in tlie treasury Oct.' 5th, 1883, 03 ': t also VresE. Tartrid're, J. II Gard ner and W. G. Farrell. Meetiug Mas eaHcd "' iooricrpJ--rfeJ'artr.jdge. ihe teoeiety 01 Laie having formed theni&clvcs into a choir for the occasion, and being dressed in white, arose and sang one of the old songs that used to be nmg when Brother George Q. Cannon was on the Islaulls; and which was composed by.Bro. R. Allrcd. Prayer by Kaahanui. Singing; ThereareYi ftecii societies organized on the" d if" iVrent Islands at' the present time, Irom alLof , which written reports were read except one. Verbal reports we re also given of nearly all by. Prorients or Counselors of. the diifereut socie-- . -tic? which . rermrts hoAved them to" be in a Nourishing condition., ilie ngures 01 tne ofraem---bers reports were as IoIIowslX umber April 5th, 188:, 332; died, 17; removed, 1 7: new members, 07 ; total number of mem o.ml Xnlip- R. aeejHtatd M 1 I The Primary Association of Lehi City, Utah to the Fair,"bcginaiiig Oaint TitltTmaldug our meetings interesting r'v&l it was a TT7T eh i M riDJikxlo-OTa aircec:ts Fridayt,:d9thT reshow oftha handiwork of the children. Wishing theExiNiiSTcveryjLUccess, I Tn the Gospel,; , mam vdur sifter Each district held articles of peculiar interest. S. L; Partiiidce. To enumerate them all would be utterly impos- sible; it was quite 'marvelous what they could do in regard to cookings such as plum puddings, ' COUNTY Y; I.. M. I. A. cakes, iellv cakes, rice Pudding- . Editor ExroxKisT: .wked-el5tekcns7ieil- v, preserves and dilierent " i zauorroT A:nieeti ng wattrltTtlTOwrgou kinds of pickles and beautnut ureaa uuu uul- our association on the 29th of June, 18ft3. ter. ReMrs were elected: ofiictrs The following, A very nice show of wool flowers were given E. Mrs. Anna Funk, becca Rawlin,s, President; oa the occasion. One globe of wool flowers - Waddoup.?, First Counselor; Miss-Lou- isa was made by the First District to be donated Sec:nd Counselor; Mrs. Sarah A. Orchard, to the Temple; also three very nic quilts made ' Becetai'y ; Miss Emma Kemp, Assistant Secrethe First, Second and Third Oi-- t nets to be by Li- to tlie" Deseret Hospital. There wa.3 tary Eliza J. Stephenson, Treasurer and presented names enrolled; We have thirty-fousome nice plain needle work, such as children's we ; hold is darntwenty-twoour average attendance dressespillow cases, down to netting and and have two oncedn weeks, very our meetings ing. There was a splendid show of rug?, tidies, a ' all take sisters The , good young mats, daisy mats, mottoes, paper work in lily interest- part in helping to make our meetings the shape of lanterns, stars, v reaths, chains whatever they are called upand pen. wipers. Though tbe girls had a 'irn on. As .an. association we are trying, to greater display, the boys came in for a large the of the ways prove our mind:?, and learn share of the i)raise. 1 here was some, smejmiu reciof consist a Our Lord. speaking, meetings canJiteior4 tat ions, essays, songs reaan3Jtc1: fhnhin"- machine, made bv a boy 14 years' 01 age, and a cupboard, book cae,- clock shelf, remain your sister iu the Gospel, corner brackets, reelrtool box and saw, made Sarah A. Or.c.TiAr.i), Secretary. by boys from 12 to 11 years of age. There wa3 " a'beautiful show of agriculture, such as fine squash, cabbage, potatoes,. red peppers, beets,IIYRUM PRIMARY FAIR; and arnurhturning riipnndierjCUpans.-oniori?of'otlier useful things grown by the child The Primary Association of'TIyrum held a :7"ber " ren of the Primary. Fair in the school house on Tuesday, Oct. 2nd, Sarah A. Ball. Secretary. ult., under tlie presidency of Lucy Wilsoa and G cor gin a Ralph. t ITEMS OF A LETTER FROM This isthe first fair' held in Hvrum bv the BELLE M. JOHNSON. Primary. The: young ladies also took part, and had a stand for the Y. L. M. T. A. It was a pleasant and ..enjoyaaie attair, showing Tempe, Arizona. the interest ana industry 01 what little hands Yesterday a small company came over fro ai can do. The articles exhibited were of the Tempe and ' we all went into the hills to see w'ool usual kind, tid ies, mottoes, flowers pinthe ruins of a large, town that lies between., home-spun one of skeia litcushions, silk by a here and Phcenix. I wish I could describe .. . bo-- . tle girl agedscyen. To enumerate them all ,theJayelines3 ,of the eenerra Ground and ...wouldJbenip.Qssible;there .yond them. It was late and wo did not have "from a miniature jiarasol to a bed quilt. time to "go over the town, oaly stopping at two - Every one present expressed their surprise at ruins, the first a building seventy or eighty feet how much the the little ones could do. seeing square, with a long hall on the south, and crumb--lin- g Ou the young-ladie- s' stand were a great north divided into apartments, so' the : . many useful and ornamental articles. A rock3 showed. But the Imost imposing 13 cheted jacket, breakfast shawl and ladies' a ruin at least 300 feet, long by 150 wide aiuch-i- SANDWICH ISLAND PRIMARY-F- A indefatigable exertions, and patience -- ' " . . . . : 