W aM - . JEmv - y, "regular idvertlasiy.., Exrorarr Office, in fcrick bnfldlngDoriyblV;. M. I., East Temple Street. "Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. vry day, except Sunday. f Address ail business communications to. Publisher Womajt's Rxpoxkitt, Salt LakVOlty UtahT dab." 1SS3. One can scarcely Itemize the bills that are be. ing introduced Into Congress to settle the "Mormon1' question. And this is not all, the Presl- dent f.f thn T7nHpV Htatpo. fh nhfof TVormHr of this great and free ReDubllc. recommpnria Congress to annul the organic act from which Utab derived her - power of " govern men place her: people under a national commission, to bo appointed by .Jjim and confirmed by the Senate. In regard to tills matter it la difficult to express one's self, such an idea is so far removed from the spirit of: the Constitution, or even the letter thereof. - Of all the several bills." . . V 1" i C?, i. tUt- nt oeaauur .uapnam ia me most ridiculous. It Js sufficient to convince those who know, how little people oateide really do know of the actual circumstances of the "Mormons." To . . . rjas laws i A. . to uvsiroy statutes that never had an existence is an inconsistency, that la new enough to be original. Senator Lapham has an original method of solving the problem, but unfortunately for him there ia no material to work up-o- n, as there never was any 1 w passed in the Utah Courts, or the Legislature of the Territory, which recognized plural marriage, consequently there is no such statute to annul. Congress is the only authority on this subject, except the Ecclesiastical authority. Congress has twice de-uo uuuuruu wirn in plural .r T".fco , la not thfl conviction now farced imon a fair tih-Hhtbls- - - - . . institutions. advocat,n ulTf8 anet iM S hefnCer0at,, ord the-sw- m etcvetc.This 11 tit IjI.:' lo oeiuuiiu ju x'uiuug it cuiltl 1 !utCaCh,D88 of 0Dr Savior, , . . the the editorial columns of one of the oldest and ' 1 - oh! there U nolhinff like "Ma Belle Fran Miles Rnd miles of magnificent forests, all - beau tlf u lly tin ted wi th- - Bo the-utumnroi- was . again. after been flo It were thickly Btre'fVn all over the valley, I removed by the knife, and were having possible to kill all Morhlons,,, and so destroy sorry there waa no One"to"telime;what' valleylt" every foot and fibre of "the cancer," the G03- was, tut I am pretty positive it was the valley pel would assuredly spring up elBewhereTfoTIF pt theS elh e ahdMarne,for after lea vicg the not to for man Alii . one river we followed the other through to Par poeeibla cope with the Not ere but that had half is. Since having seen Switzerland I have, only mighty. they a such would learned It (France) was not the most picturesque accomplished bloody purpose fear, take hold upon them. How can such men as region, but abounded Jn these quiet charms De Rev. the Witt Talmage, Lncian E. Smithy which grow upon the sympathetic traveler. D. D. and Joseph E. Foster, D. D., advocate Twas Sunday morning- - and 'the sun ehone the shedding of blood? Ministers of the Gospel brightly, the air was full cf birds singing their " of peace Heralds of light to a benighted praises, and I thought that all France seemed a -world. How pure in heart iheso men must hpt "grand conservatory of art and music.- - Atone How can they live in New York and Boston I o'clock we passed through Ilouen, which iaa But this pious editor and minister says, " We are very beautiful place, and at three o'clock w not sure that the people of- - the United Htatra reached Paris.: No pen can describethe loveliness would not uphold and approve the action of the of Paris. IcastasUethesaul-delfgh- t thapas. -- President who should take this matter into his had mo and threw ing panorama given myself own hands, even If ho had to stretch a point" to ; wholly into theJo'yrnent ofThis mo7t winder" do It. They hope for very little from Congress. ful city. I could only be there four hoarH and Millions of them fear to see Congress assemble, In that time I "took in" the Grand Opera House and rejoice when It adjourns. Bat were there and Hotel, the ehops in ithe Palais HoyaJ,Les some way in which a mighty officer and captain Champ3 Ellyse?, and then Just'stared at every-- " ike the President could gird on the sword and thing. The buildings every where strnck mewith make a descent on that house of there wonder and admiration; every few minutes we Wnnlrt K hftn that of a thirH would reach a restaurant where In front were a m, for the President who undertook itr.mvi n umber of little wwUbUWcb and- - chairs; and dedit be done soon." And so on and so on and a" peepie sat there drinking wine. They were culy great deal more,cIosIng by saying, "Thirty days: wine table3. I saw more beautiful women and oi unver uromweu would suffice for an honora. elegant dresses in the few hours spent in the ble and end to the cancers-very.frequentlybreak.cu- t. -- - a moment-wh- gayaca-nr!gnr,-and-the e, at Mr. do the women and children and the "Mormon" think when they read such sentiments as people thee? The Scriptures which yon profess " to take ior ycur s lanaara expressly say "Thou . . um .. xui. it was written by the finger of God on the tables of stone. How do you reconcile ur views to the teachings of the Savior whom yo yoa profess to believe in? "Vengeance is mine ; I will repay, taith the Lord." He has also eaid,"Fear not him who can only destroy the fear Him who can cast both soul and body, but body into hell. ' Evidently these infuriated ministers do not know what they are talking of, but it is time they stopped to reflect,or if it is war to the death letthem take the ad, Ice : a Mormon mother gives to Talmage, "Head the. arjmy" selve., and not ask President Arthur to do bS. tlefor them. Alas, "how have the mighty ft We as a people are in the hands of and Father, who will not yarrow to 1.11 without His notice, andough rage and the mnrL bTi I all-mercl- rTV to be credible, - Doctor of Divinity is probably not a Doctor of Medicine, or he would know that Editor, consider .o them !. la healthy thing." Is this "religion pure and undefUed?" ,.- , 1 1 6y 1 this order of marriage than the Legislature or statutes of Utah have ver demonstrated. In reference to these matters one can but use the proverb so apropos to the matter. "Man propose but God disposes." All nnHna vf i IU mo - hsnrta n tUm --- t. - t,. : ' wuu mrns ana. overturns kingdoms and powers at his will. It Is not only that Congress is besieged to "wipe out the Mormons," but ministers and editors are entreated to lend their aid to accomplish the work. What do these people fear? Mormonism is not popular, the doctrine of plural marriage ia offensive therefore the United States has no occasion to fer that it will find a great number of converts- ;1UW"U momucn sacrifice to be made, it requires laying all upon the altar of one' faith A complete consecration. There are only a few -people in the world who are willing to take up. on themselves such sacred obligations. It seems as though th. world are more "scared" of "Mormonism" than "Mormonsare of the nnjost Illation and peraecuUon wkged against I iitaiii'g ill-fam- anu again in 582, this ia "A4" wuuc ux - more of an an kn nvwi Mmani nr u.--- i j s T Kjiiij ; : XO0 ' " : - weaV deal of very severe language : tand uw r-'- . VARIOUS METHODS. - , . the ecfttor'iaya: "Has It any rights that a United -- . France. No wonder there aro arti?ta thtre, one would think Mich a country could produce no. thing else. Wp hit the little steamer after s tiresome yet rather amoalog night on the Kng. Iteh Channel, and took cars at Dieppe for Paris What I taw of Dieppe was smoky, dirty and 7 ugly, amfmy Introduction In to France wea any thing but pleat ant, but the town was not many yards behind when ray eyes rested on "the Wli. est fcene, I thought, that I had over beheld, but th e farther we went the more beautiful th The evaporations of e team u p to the heights of Ju- v L -- SALT LAKE CITY, DECEMBER 15, NT. "The 8alt Lake City of the ancient worlJ was Sodom . 1 he Dead Sea raUifkad ; la Salt- Lake City, Utah Terms: 0:e copy one year, $3. 00; one copy ahcjnonths $1.00 Ten copies tot the price of nine. Advertising rite: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil "spaeei one time, $250: per month, $3, 00. A liberal discount to eeml-monthl- PONE EX S most influential new?iapers published In lioa" ton, we find . the following extreme language THE WOMiVS EXPONENT. JEHXttLIWE B. WXLUS, ir . XJ2TrEJ one. streets there than I ever saw in all my Jife beThose large crowned hats I cwroto to Lon fore. about from New York are much worn, both in London and Paris. In London the ladies do their hair very low, in Paris very high, with" shortcurh in their necks. The afternoon -- waslovely, and being on the principal promenades I thought I saw the styles pretty we J J. I didn't take time for dinner, though I had had nothiDg to cat all day, for I wanted to see as much ai possible. Switzerland is he most beautiful, in a natural point,-o- f anything I have yet seen, Your loving sister, .......... Annie. ;. LETTER TWO. Zurich, Nov. 17th., Mr Deak Mother: : 1883. 8 wMzerland delights me great Jy, it is so ; nature has Indeed favored her. The whole country from one extent to the other abounds in picturesque scene?. The waUks aie most charming, winding as they do, now through a grand old forest, then opening into a beautiful green, country winding by the river side, climbing over the hills; just euch walks as would fill romantic souls with poetry and song. The for estp, the streams the lakes, the hills covered with vineyards, all are lovely, but dearest of all ojne-are -tthe grand old mountains towering into the clouds. Their d peaks remind me of home, where the Wasatch Mountains tower towards heaven, and whose hills and peaks I have always loved. A Every thing I -- gee amuses and charms beau-tiful- snow-covere'- 4 