W0 THE OLD AND NEW. YEAR f ; ,,' year rises nplo-nigbtMnst we enter It unildden, . Unwillingly oar actions write? r The deedi of good or ill record, anaco aero ua ana inere, jurrin g or broken .j thouirht. Tmnlnns word. 21 U f Kceolfei that never frnlUge bear. : : :. Wegaze npon lti open door. not on a; It threshold tread,! 7. Bat dare Fal wopld m backward tarn once more, Awhile to linger with the dead:' Onr best intentions aeein eo rail, Tba new " C urew his heroin lor I believe the ; oonrr ko, pen.of Scott : .jf one-thir- d ne7er..4fel : t . : v . sueioquentiy deiendect the rights of individual conscience and judgment; and it is fitting that "here at last' the of -right th0 franchise should bi5 conferred on your nG"- (Applause.) And what w this right suhrage a.nght so laughed and scorned at by those who. do not appreciate its blessing Jind its power.,, The. right of sulTrage" gives you a voice in the regulation of your homes, of your streets, of your schools, of your religion, of y.ur politics. It is vain to talk of the'home being woman's, sphere so long as she. has not a word to say in regard t6 the laws that govern that home. I was verv much hrremarkaref-th- e speaker who preceTI?lnr' ner reuuKe oi your members ot 1'arliament and the House of Commons. But, remember, my friends, behind every one of our legislators there stands a woman. And what has been the influence of. the women in high places in this great reform. They have whispered into the ears of our legislators, our statesmen, our. philosophers that they had all the rights they want. Our trouble, has not been with the 1 cy men-thhave teen open to reason our trouble has beep with the women themselves. (Applause.) It is tho saddest sight to me to see a woman well clothed, fed and sheltered, In the midst of most fortunate surroundings, robeoTand mantled, all complacency. about herself, and saying "I have all the rights I want." O. selfish one! I ask rou to -- look over vour garden gate," where all Is beauty, fragrance-anpeace, unto the wilderness beyond,jyhere the immor tal il ower3 aro fading f;ist, with no kind hand3 to lift their drooping heads or any kind hearts to speak them words of ,peac6 and love. (Applause.) Remember, mothers of Glasgow, our jails and prisons are regulated by law, and what a power you have-i- n your hands In trying to build up higher and better- - tQWns -- and - cities m your midst. Itemember, man is the representative of of mercy, and wo need lh1esertwo grand elements every where, "hand in hand , walking up and down the highways ct lite. : (Applause.) It has sometimes been said that thkniovemcnt of ours is antagonistic to men. My friends, how can that be? The women have sons as well . as on daughters, andsihink you a mother would do the aedorv. nnrrrif. tr tnkft from the diariitv. o J ' J ' x f, and the praise of hersons? (Applause.) --Ex. F -- " would not ralao tho misty veil , . TIC camo old saddened tale to read. - s ' .' fbldTTrH Binning .fold on iu around of high resolves, i-r'P?, - bat never reach the goal, Onr alrength In weakness all dissolves: ' ''-train, zQutlifoU Imt . And wrecks are strownTalong the track, We may not gather them again, Wc cannot if we would tnrn Lack. '.Vi- - f I. I '":r! ' 1 If . In shiv'ring gulise thojldyear stands And mournful dirge sweeps o'er the war, The ice winds speed along the lands, "Unheeding: Loththo grave ndgay In gilded halls, on cushioned seat Their ehrieks aeem only wintry glee, Fat when through wants' low walls they be: 1:1 - n U They wake the cry of misery. The old year dies mid lasgh and song, Where costly viands sparkle clear, And through the mazy dance along Thore traileth now dark pall and bier, Yet pause they not, by corse or shroud, SU1I revel ry and feast go on, r v , With boasting vain and thoughtless proud,'- Into the untried year move on. - V- - - -- Yet somrijetweenrthe -- old and new, Lij dowxrtheir burdens at His fet, And consecra thcmselvea anew, To life more perfect and complete-Th- ere, countless millionsNkneel Low at the holy altars shrine Apart from all that can allure, They seek for light and truth divl Some with generous hand hath staid, The wldow?a sigh, tho orphan's moan. And from the downward path of sin, Have brought some wandering children home. Unholy gainB thay have not stored, to-nigh- sa&lojpoQr-awa- t, . " y, Have lived the teachings of their Lord, Walked humbly in Ilia sight alway. And In this solemn midnight dread, A . -- white robed army moves along, And from t lie ashes of tho dead, Rise peans of Immortal song. -- WASHINGTON cbKVEXTIOX. IN SCOTLAND. HONOIlSjTO " . PJiESIDEXT-liLI- - '. We have received an invitation to.,attend as a delecrate 'frora Utah '.the National Woman Suf ABETII CADY Z frage Association to be held in WashinfftomD. C. January 23d, 24th and 25th. There will The sessions dailv at 10 a.m.. and 8 p.m. business the the to of be devoted afternoon will V STANTON. The Xorth JJritish Daily Mail, Nov. 4, gives an extensive account of Scotland, fthe great memorial to her demonstration in support of Majesty's government, praying for the 3 rNW.A.and4ts-officers of the Association that delegates be present representing the women of every- - State and Territory in.' the Union. Friends who cannot aid by their work-ar- e solicited to contribute generously in money to defray the necessary" expenses of the' Con' vention. The call is issued by the Chairman Executive Committtce and further signed by and RaSusan B. Anthony, r chel G. Foster, Cor. Sec.; -- of aus-.Pjctt- " i "Mrs. Cady Stanton, an American lady" can assure Deen I Vice-Presiden- you I appreciate the honor that ha3 conferred upon me in. being permitted to with you this grand event of the crowning of thousands of Scottish women with Jae great right of franchise. (Applause.) It as here in Scotland where Was fought, over and cerate oyer again, the great battle cf freedom: of the is the wish, e exten-oLth- parliamentary franchise to women householders and rate payers, under the the Scottish National Demonstration Women, at which Mrs. Stanton was ac-- : corded the greatest honors. Of her address the Mail reports: It appears that in the B. A: eiamina-- ' of tions the XJniversity of London only 42 per centpf the men were successful, but of the women. 73 per cent.; and even of these only of the men succeeded, in. getting so .zai-2- 3 a secbndclavw?j5one-sTxteenth-- v of Oit'ST-rccgirlradtesrfHled to.v be placed in the first division. - Tho writer of the letter (Mrt . A. P-- Hens " man) states that he took ail active part in the: movement for the admission of "7 women, and is not a little proud of his female triumph; and we think it must have been some prophetic ; destuiy him "ll'ensman." d London. ard, The Cetevayo'.s ENiLisu Presknts. has Ttt Cape jsays:"CetevayO brought back from England many handsome and costly souvenirs of his visit, including a stick with suver neaa ana suver ieruie given to nim oy closed. . .. m 115 . ,Wn gnousoet, Robert Burn., Bang 0ur, glad songs of equality for hu- manity that have gone around the world; heTe " where your grand novelist, Sir Walter Scott, " jnre and wbit a scroll Unwritten , MAN'S EX PON EN T; MISCELLANEOUS. . ' t, - " Woman vs. Men," is the alarming title of Standard, but the" terrors of the title are nothing to the fearscrae fact? tils- - a letter in to-day- 's . that-name- tjift Frfnpo nf AYnfp from great ladies for . Lpnnti' hh wife and female suite, superb railway rugs and piles of prints and other dress stuffs for the use of persons who perfer the garb of Nora Creina. But of all his mementoes that which he values most is a great silver goblet presented to him by the Jueen andjieanng the inscription-Prcsented-tII. M. King Cetevayo by H. M. Queen In addition to Victoria, August 14, 1882 the goblet the Queen: gave him with her own hands a photograph of .herself, rather Jarger than cabinet size." 7 7 - o in Lngland is curious .cnoui It wouia an- pear that Ethelbert, King of East Auglia, made proposals of msrriage to Althrida, daughter ot Ofla, King of Mercia. These proposals were favorably received by Oifa, who . had no sooner got the unfortunitc suitor in his pawer-4han-- he barbarously --irmrderedhiriir" For this heinous sin OfFa made his peace with the church by granting it the tenth part of the produce of hhs realm. All this happened in the west of England about the year 78G. In the; time of Edward VI. (155.')) "the church' tithes may be said to have been placed on the basis on which they now rest. Since then land has been continuously rising in value, and with it theamot:nt, of tithes, ITntil- the passing of the Commutation act, in 1830, there usedio be constant dissensions and Iavr- suites between the clerg' and their parishioners as to the collection of these dues. Sometimes a farmer would deliberately allow a crop to be spoiled, and thereby leave the parson -- without any remedy. Sometimes he would the prosecute clergyman for not removing his tithe in reasonable time, and he would stop up roacb and bar gales so a3 to give the clergyman, his carts and teams' a longer journey to and back with his booty. The act of commutation removed many of these petty grievances of -- " r . con-scquent- ly which-both The clergyman was by this act to receive every year the money equivalent of a fixed and definite number of quarters of cornv This constitutes the modern tithes which aloncr .bring into the church a revenue cxceediQgx twenty million dollars annually, though thi3 vastMrm by no mean3 exhausts the sources of ecclesiastical wealth. A very :reatgrievaTC mcnt is a "extra tithes." These are levied exclusive! von orchards,' vegetable car- Tderisndertamcfouc7i as hops. They ' vary in most every county- - and parish, and .range from four to fifteen"Hhilling3 an acre. They form, therefore, a seriousHtem in the expense of working such properties and have contributed not only a little io increasMhe imports from abroad into England of hopfruit and vegetables. At the present moment they are being strenuously resisted by farmers in many parts, though as tho law standi there is but Uttle hope ef iinmediatc redrcs?. plained." so-call- ed . r 