JLhte. An to-- m Irch !ef hunger, and f hou shall .fathrough the eword, thy cities hall be broken dcwD, and all thine shall withthe sword In the Jield." Our God Feeth all thing?, and lie is surety avenging the wrongs ef cn Innccent opfrofsed people, and our enemies will have no power to faje the fierce judgrr en the Almighty. If. 31. WniTiUv tl? : 13. the course, and twelve used by the students.- - - Bee advertisment. For sale at thU ; office, Two Poems, by Bishop F. Whitney, now on a mission in England. The book is in pamphlet form, 1 Oct?, per copy.-T- he proceeds of the sales are to be given as a donation to theJPeseret IIo?pi t al ... In the last" issue of the ExroxEXr we republished "A Sermon on Canvas"- by O. F. Whitney, but forgot to give him or the Millen-..- . We beg nial Star credit for the article. and for the recommend the 1 neglect pardon article to our readers as a sublime and touching pen picture; "those who read the description will feel as if they had actually-.- seen the ' artist's masterpiece. J ... ' - , The Conference of the women's oraniza- - tions of Weber Stake was held in the Taberna cle, Ogden City, March 8, 0. and 10. Sisters E. It. S.'Sraith and Zina. IX-II- . Young went on Conference the but to Thursday, up the same evening, as the woman's Conference in this Stake convened on Friday and Saturday: Reports of these Conferences will be published in the next number of ..' this paper. .... .. ,, On' AVednesday, March 0, in company with Mrs. M. T. Home, we .went to Coalville in the interest of the Deseret Hospital. A iKect-in- g had been "previously"" appointed for half past seven in the evening and a crowded house was the result The subject of the benefits of hospital treatment .for the sick and injured was dwelt upon, and some committees were appointed to make further arrangements for the benefit of the institution. re-turn- ed -- - : On. Saturday, March 3 an annual meeting of the, Primary Association of Farmington was held at that place. Sisters E. iC S. Smith, M. I. Home and E. ,C. Clawson "of this city, went up on the morning strain to attend- - the meeting. Arriving at the depot, they were serenaded by the Primary band, who escorted them to the meeting house, playing some enlivening music. The meeting was well attended and the exercises ably conducted by Mrs. Aurelia S. Rogers, who has been untiring in her efforts Vo help the children forward in their organizations. The programme was interesting; the selections appropriate and very creditably rendered. . llLI -- Snos Poems. The first volume of Sister Eliza's Poems, which were published several year3 ago in England, has been rebound "and will soon.be ready for sale. This book contains many sublime effusions' which strike a harmonious chore! in of every Latter-da- y Saint. "The --Invocation or the Eternal Father and Mother," a poem entitled "Two Chapters of the Life of President Joseph Smith," 'The Assassination of tho Prophet ind Patriarch" and rcanv 'ether Eliza R. ; tho-hea- rt . et, and andtoray.""Df; cicnceOlmcdicTne sum-of-$2:p- PRIMARY REPORT. er: ar-wahwomaii, making it so'methingf'a-clu-b g witli them or rangement, a3 they furnish their own provisions. The doctor will give themJree medical instruction, lectures"oiT anatomy, physiology, materia medica, surgery and practice. This is certainly an economical plan to work upon; particulars can be obtained on making application byJetter-l- o JDr E, S. BarneyfBox 5.15, Salt Lake City, Utah. Mrs. Barney was a very successful school teacher for many years in this city, and has, by patient application and her own efforts, risen to the 'ranks of r the medical profession. The offer she has made should meet with' a ready res-- : from the several parts of the country, ponse . , i i' .. j in as i oeen maae in good Jaitli jot ii cmamiy and with an earnest desire to benefit human-- " ity. A more extended knowledge of nursing and obstetrics and the laws of life and health cannot fail to be beneficial to all. i.i dl ESTEIS -- V 11 1 MARY; Deau Sister-Wel- tt I am happy to say that ourJHUejntkgL are well" attcndcil," considering our scattered condition. We have had 6ne Primary fair. A large table was covered with children's articles, such as wool flowers and fancy card work, hds,stojddn4! I will not mentioni: Ve have had a visit from Sister Helena Madson and her Counselors." She is our Stake President. She is a very kind lady. Our much beloved President, is , not at home at present; when she is away we miss her kind voice and wise counsel. I am ."but thirteen years old and this is my.iirst at- tempt to write to you. I send a New Year's greeting to all my Priraary friends.7 Praying that our Heavenly Father will bless us all, that His Spirit will rest upon us is my prayer. I remain, your sister in the Gospel, y .; Minnie JLllred, -- P. S. Sister Wells, I am one of the little girls that helped make the hair wreath that : was sent to you from Chester three years ago. I thank you for the little Primary Hymn "' book you sent me. M, A. RESOLUTIONS. -- -- " will-brin- Pratt, who lias been teaching for some years past, advertises her class will, commence in April. Terms thirty dollars for . - r -- ---- J)ii. R. . i:csolveJ,that these resolutions ;j ppread 'upon our record and that a copy 1 furuhhed the- bereaved fa fully, a i so t he W'om a n ' Ex rox XarpaUica tlonr; AIhs. Schax Spkrky. ; M, K. Ta t i.oh , Secretary. ' Salt l tU March Jib, lv:.'.. City, Dr. E.' S. Barney who ha spent the last five years in medical - studies, most of that of live best -- medicfllcollge&-iii- time in t he Eas i, f a k cs o u i t e" a ii "ad va n t agcou s . oiler tu those wishing someobiain a knowledge of tho week' to take twenty-fiv- e students and provide -- furnished rooms, bed, fuel, light, cook and Classes for instruction in niichf ifery and obste tries are being formed "in 'the 'city in order to meet the requirements of competent help in this department of science. . wan me wrcavea himlly and friends In the Iom of a klnd wife, ailccAionalo mother, vrort by teacher and a ood and respected citizen: , 'Jhwey otimJort he f pecifled EDITORIAINOTES. ... irrand and aching pieces are contained in The this work oung Peoples Ljbrancs should hp supplied with this work. Thjr cli IMren e hall die cf . JJesoIutions of respect to our President', 'argarct A. Lnmlcrt, who departed this life January Gth, 1SS0, acd twenty three yearf, ten months and eighteen days. arc agaijr caljed Through the providence of God - to mourn, the toss of one of "orir memt-crby death, two ln Mothers the year, and this time our hclorcd and respected 'Tresfdent, whose Ios3 we deeply mourn for we loved her for her kind and gentle man- jicr?, her falthfnlneEs and integrity in the cause of Christ, her prompt and punctual attendance to the dnlics of her otlicc, and the exemplary life he led worthy of imitation in both her "public and private LETTER FROil ARIZONA. s LaviDg-diedSvilh- career. ... Therefore tc it resolved, that tre condole with hcrhus'- lacd Jn Lis irreparable .bereavement of a faithfnl ami -lovtrg wife and ebmpanion, and" with her parents and J" relatives and friends. May we long rt mcmbcr her salnily life, and emulate her virtue?, and her mor,al, religious and domestic life, and may her infant daughter never know ho want of n mother's care, but live to fill up a life of usefulness. : KcsoIved,JjxatjwyTrejn 7iutionsdT.he parents and husband of the deceased. Eefcol ved, t hat we sen d a copy to the Expontxt " for "puT'ircation. r :" . : , Axnta Lameeut, Elva Wcoi.STExnvLMr, " ::T " , ' . - Edith Atwood, Counselors. Eliza Atwoop, Assistant V , . January 22nd, Secretary. ISS-JKamas, P. S. Since writing the above her infant daughter ha? passed away. Ep.astus, ArAcns Co., Arizona, January, 30th, 1883. Dear Exponent: I thought perhaps a few lines from this out -- ' of the way place might find a corner in your delightful little paper. Last Friday, the 2Cth of the month, was the birthday of one df our good mothers in Israel, oister jl. P. Ivilhan. ' She is President of- - the Reief "Society j 01a this place. Having recently iost her husbaiidjdie was ieeiing spirited and cast down. The brethren and sisters turned cut en masse and made things lively in the shape of a surprise dinner, Sister Killian not being aware quite-lo- w of their intentionsiuntiLtheycame into her- 10 use well laden with baskets, etcetera.' Soon the tables were fairly groaning under their weight Of good things and all sat down to partake of the delicious repast. After dinner the Choir sung several hymns, Bishop S. E. John-somade a few remarks and spoke in praise of Sister Killian who was completely overu, come, by this unexpected demonstration. Bro- ther Johnson presented her a beautiful card bearing a quotation from Psalms, 27th chapter, 17th verse. "Wait on the Lord; be of good courage, and He shall strenghen thine heart: wait, I say, on th.c Lord." 1 RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Th e evening passed away," each one enjoying ' " themselves to the utmost. . resolutions of resect to tic memory of Sister Ellen By One Or Tin: Members. Cojndie, who departed this life JFcbunry 21st, 1SS", nged seventy years. The following preamble and resolutions were unanimously adopted by the members of, the Fourth Ward . Relict Society. Whereas, an Allwisc Providence fca3 called from u?, by the hand of death, our beloved and respected sister; Kesolved, that we recognize in the death of our Sister Ellen Condie, the loss of an able, efficient and worthy teacher and the Fourth Ward KcliefSociety. Kesolved, that we esteem her past faithful labors and - devotion to duty as' worthy the fellowship and fcighcet respect of us all. erin solved, that to condoi and d;crly pyepathize WOMAN'S VOICE. Dear Editor: As it is the contributions that in" part comprise your valuable paper, I thought I would throw in my little mite, hoping-i- t will be acceptable. The Exponent has proved a great blessing to the ladie3 in this vicinity, for as' yet we are in an place, and cannot get information of. what is going on except by what wo glean from readirjg. What a great out-of-the-w- ay 