W O il - . EKMONIUIYMEr EX PON E N T . ; Iore birar OPrnd let him know That you lorehim, ere life's evening Tinge his brow with sunset glow. Why sbonld good words ne'er be said he irdcad.- .,)f a frieiid-ti- n -, ; it. Do not let tbe singer L Waltdeserved praises long. . Why should one who thrills jour heart . Lack the joy you inay impart? If you bear a prayer that moves you Hv its humble, pleading tone, J :. .Do not let the. seeker r ;,., before his God alone, v Wiiv mould not your brother sharo Tii-filrength of "two or three" in prayer ? ' If you sec the hot tears falling From a r orrowing brother's eyes, , Jhara them. And, by sharing, Own your kinship with the akics. Why should any ono be glad When a brother's heart is sad? 7 To be. Continued. Ti . . . the fourth child of her parents, and was bom in Watertown, 'Jefferson Co., N. Y., September the exact counterpart of the Eliza, Huntington - whose likeness is in the book, the record of the Hunt-- , ington's, as a type of the race. Sister Presendia is a woman to see once is to remember always. She reminds one of the dames of the olden times, large, tall, grand and majestic in figure, dignified in manner, yet withal, so womanly and sympathetic that "she seems the embodiment of the motherly element to a degree that would embrace all who come under her ence. Truly she may, in every sense of the oivrtiira-mDairis-s?aT(rTQ- T)e If a til very laugh is rippling ' Through the sunshine on his faee, Share it. Tis the wiso man's saying For both grief and joy a place. There's health and goodness in the mirth la which an honest laugh has birth. - word, be termedamother "invery deed. Her life has been exceptionally, eventful. It is impossible to give in a brief sketch like this'even aHithe of her wonderful experi-- . ences, but a few items will convey to the of the life of this good womoh, so ... reader-somethi- : ' So until its happy end, Your life shall never rich in faith, so full Jpnntegrity LtqtheGospej anoTwiirperhaps be beneficial to others,and show of what material have been tbe women who have been foremost in helping to establish the principlesjhat have called forth so much com-methroughout the civilized world. It takes women of more than ordinary:. stamina to all the stigma, reproach and calumny is that sure to follow the introduction of any new ideas, even though they may be for the progression and ad vgncement of the human race here and hereafter. The father and mother of Sister Presendia both became members of the Church at a veryearly date, they had been Presby terians of the strictest kind. The Huntington's with their family, contrary to the wishes of their relatives and friends, shortly after embracing the Gospel as taught by the Prophet Jeseph, removed to Kirtland, Ohio, wher6 the saints were gathering together and assisted in building the Temple in that place, which is still standing as a testimony to all of the faithful labors of the people of God, Most. High in. the jnrjectiil face of the bitterest persecutions. At the time "of-- the gathering to Missouri, -- Father - and Mother Hnntingtoniweat'up- to Jackson County, and shared in the hardships and perils, of that eventful epoch in the history of the Church. The hardships endured there by i these veterans are too dreadful to contemplate and eventually both of them laid down their ! lives in consequence of the privations and persecutions to which they had been so cruelly subjected. Faithful and" true to the very last hour of their lives, were these noble saints ot the Most High; descended from those who had battled forfreedom fromrjpressionmn nobly earned the title of freemen for themselves and e their posterity; yet' for the reason, them-tfaith their religious compelled pass series of ordealsunV trying throughthesame til death came to their relief.'. Who shall answer for the noble lives thus sacrificed? Is thera not an avenger of the innocent and suffering of the Saints? Yefc these thing! trans-1- . It fact, and one that any thoughtful person cannot avoid, noticing, that many of the men and women who first embraced the G spel in this dispensation, were the direct descen iants. of those who fled from per-- , i jecutiori in tl old world, to find an asylum in me new, whet they could worship Uod aCCOrd- is a singular - . V . And how similar has been the history of this people to that, of the Pilgrim fathers and. mothers. Amonrr this number is the ladv who forms th p. mibippf. nf fhis sfcpr.nh: Her frene- OIOfrifa rPonrri nn ihn fnt hPr'a SKIP. H lintinfrt.nn was her family name), has been - traced to Huntington, the Puritan immigrant -- who sailed from England in 1833, but died at sea", leaving a widowyMargaret Huntington and" cthree sons. Of Mrs. Kimball's illustrious was Samuer , Huntington, one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence, , rnor of Connecticut, and President- - of we U)ntmerital Vm. HuntingtCongress. on, grandfather of Mrs. Kimball, and nephew of Smnpl TTnntincton. was born w Tolland, Connecticut and served in the Simon an-cato- inroufrnne-Kevoiuxion- ary wur. He to New Hampshire in 1784, and moved ere Mr?. Kimball s : iatner, . Y m. 1Dgton, wa3 born; he also served in the war Jjth Great Britain in. 1812. In 1804, the ork, and there Presendia Lathrop was born, whose biography we Published last in the ExroyEST. The:s k W lUter Zina D., year rs . self-sam- , ; . s. bold and fearless and speaking writing against" wicked lieis'iiud crime has cruelly slandered. .Mri.. Gougar has brought suit for slander against the men who so basely traduced her character; The following is the resolution: "Resolved, That the Washington branch of the National Woman's Suffrage Association extend to Mrs. Helen M. Gougar their moral support-i- n her suit, now pending against calumny and" detraction, the weapons only of cowards; aud-th- at we consider her cause the cause of all -- been-mos- t -- - LATIIR0P KIMBALL. " "ahlTr?abljcd lady, who on account of her ng en-du- re TRESKKDIA The National Woman Suffrage' Association-tru- e to the principles th ey profess, have re- solved to use their inlluence'to defeat Cassidy's 'Bill introduced into the Congress of the United States, with the object of annulling the act of "the Utah Legislature of 1870, in passing the bill granting suffrage to the women of this Territory. At a preliminary meeting held in the Kiggs House Parlors, Washington, D. C., Saturday evening, Dec. 30, the following reso- lution was adopted : "Ilesolved, That the bill introduced into the" House of Representatives by the Hon. G. W. Cassidy, of Nevada, to deprive the women of Utah of the ballot is a retrograde movement, and aimed at the perpetual disfranchisement of all women, notwithstanding his assertions to the contrary, as women who are polygamies cannot vote there now; and that we will use whatever power wo possess to defeat that of-Mr- . A VENERABLE "WOMAN. -- Another resol utjon wasado'ptsd at the same- raeetingiiu reference to the cruel and wicked -- persecution Helen M. Gougaiyditor of "Our Herald," a woman's paper published nt lacka friend. H ; N.; W. S. A., WASHINGTON. D. C. measure." , Scatter thus your seeds of kindness All enriching as you go; Leave them. Trust the Ilarvest Giver, lie will make each seed to grow; , ; in-Israel Ere thcrdarkness Tcii tha land. Should a brother workman dear - Falter for a word of ehecr. ; : being. released in 1G34, came to America and", was the . first minister', of Scituate, Massachusetts.- - -- 11 Mrs. Kimball's mother:: was Zina Baker whose father was one of the first physicians in New Hampshire, and whose mother descended from the Dymock's of Sir Edward Dymock, Queen Elizabeth's champion. Presendia was r j truly, . y, First Congregational Church - in iMP(on, iwas JmprisonedlloGwoZvearsr and-on- pr&Ise If your work is made more easy- -: wan : in the ' re mar-riage,"the- and ahis family waFiIso amoP the early New England, settler?, one of named, non-conformit- ' . whom was the Reverend Samuel Lathrop,' who, for a being preacher U If you bear a bong that thrills you, gang by any child of Bong, wtlLtho Lathrops,- from whom Presendia - -- , farailicsW intermarried UDt"-gto- 1 By a friendly helping hand, no. Spsak out bra ve. and pired under, the broad spread folds of the,, flag of libertv, freedom to .all. religious liberty-- to .every creed and coler. Consider too this" was. not .on account ot the practice ol plural could be no such excuse t hen, fqr the principle had not yet ten Tevealcd.' generous ot nerotsm has defended to them, and that it veryEtroiyljr marks the character of the fami- - - 123 x j, two women are defended from a race' of patri-'- : .f an(i ?Uinot strange that a share If you. have- ft Mend worth loting, it AN'S ' r We heartily endorse the sentiment expressed women. " - in the resolution, and hope MrsGougar may come off' triumphant in the suit now pending. Mrs. G. says in her paper of Dec. 9: . : "The slanderer and his attorney have raked around amonir our former servant girls and sewingwomen; have searched hotel registers to ' find our "character but they have studiously of Christian avoided .calling in homes where we have been hospitably enter? tained from; time to time." 1 vil e thin 3 that .. With al : the "wicked "Slid have been circulated about the suffrage work ers,, this is the first instance we have heard of when suit has been brought, and the ladies who' believe in'equality of women .before the law," will watch the proceedings of the court in this matter with anxiety and intense interest. Mrs. G. is a handsome woman, a fine figure, most pleasing address, brilliant writer and a great favorite on the platform. A woman to be loved and respected. .. . . the-hundre- ds ..- . " ' . On the whole, it is good, it is absolutely needful, for one to be humbled and prostrated, and thrown among the pots from time to time. Life is a school; we are perverse scholars to the last, and require the rod. Thomas CarhjU. o At the last meeting of the "Woman's well-prepar- Liter--ar- y Club" of Indianapolis an exceedingly paper. uponthe life and charao-te- r of Margaret Fuller ira read by Mr. May ' ed Wright Sewall. - . ' 