W0MAN1S EXPONENT. 62 munlty, whether they are men or women. The time wa9 when one could walk the street al any-hoc f the night alone, without the leant jro TIE.01AFS"EXP0raT. Published : ternl-monthl- in Salt Lake City, Utah y, tectl3Ur saste'a conscience oTd of cQence, aiid would bs as safe a3 in the ebehor of homo. People .geldom thought; nf iDfbg rr bol-- U- Editor. EXiaELISE ll. TVELIS, tho months-iSl.pojrearcoplesfof-- mfir-Oiwxop7i5ireaT733r0l ratee: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: per month,- $3. 00. ' A liberal discount to" regular advertisers. Expot:kt Office, in brick building north of Z. C. M. I., East Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. rn. to 5 p. m. every day, except Sunday. --Address ail business communications to - a their and coujd -"WiTwrthut sc) much cf the furaea of tobacco cr whiskey. The name cf Ual W5.3 not profaned upon, the streeLe, and no Jittle boyii or loafers loitered aroundthe street corner?, making the atmosphere vile with their foul' langmge nnd smoke. reslful was THo'eautifuTTTi - how : this :.citLjcLths SaintSf-but-no" ' changed! .. r Why ehculd there he such resistance to authority? Simply because the local offices are in the hands of the original people, ;the old Eettlers.'" A few men and women have come into our midst and set up a cry against the power of the "Mormon" Church, that uader the rule of "Mormons" men aro not free and indepandent being?; as though Jhe civil -- and municipal authorities were not jusi bs faith- dgors?,- tiliOiyil??'!8!! - I w,- rnblisher Womau's ExpoiraxTr Salt Lake City Utah. ... - SALT LAKE CITY, 8EPTEMBEH 1, .. 18S3. , "" A CHANGE INDEED. Whata change .'lias, conic to this once quiet, peaceful and orderly .citj. The citizens were free i;nd 8&fe t ) w;dk the GtrttU by day t;r by an J There were no saloon?, no gambling den?, no houses of infamy. All these have come through the influenco3 cf the new clvila-tioKonio of those who arejpo anxious to poke the "Mormon Prolhm" havu introduced into iio ance. h-y- e tempt?Uu to sin and succeeded in e Vil throws VJurementa "in tile" path of U.e unwary, and making ellppc-rplaces that they might fall. Tho Serpluro " VVce to the workers of iniquity' and vos to illm that rejoice? In iniquity.' Thercfor'et them takeheKi that exult in the downfall cf any, rr.d mere especially thse that have suid, "Let us look upon Zion that she may be defiled." if they have not actually used this quptitson from Holy Writ their words havo been eo similar that it could riot; be mistaken for the fulGia.ent of the prophecy of of UoJ, dov7n" the"l ""ho, looking )n3 peri j i of time to the present, foresaw whs: would actually trans. jire in the Jat days. A wfckad ana" sou I de troying JnJlumQQ.hii3 -takenrfirm h oI"oTS he individuals that make up the pep ,litl:n tf our 'beantifa! city, and tho power of evil has de?yl ;p in a Jh or element, and so far transgressed the Ita h of " rociety and humanity ai to stcop to a Bwcte.i of barbamniam, as evinced in the terri death- of and th8 Biihop Biirt, Fummsry vengence wreaked upon the por, miserable, cowardly It i3 enoui'h to raaie those who knew thii city ai it'ence was in Its quiet beauty and peactfulnesa exclaim, "How Ins" all th;3 change been wrought, and what does it portend?" We who came here- - for th 9 purple; cf worshiping Clod according to (he dictates ( i our own con-- t cieiic p,and fully anticipated the establishment of a gbiious Zlon, can teaacely htdp a sort cf righteou? indigLa 't u t f thingi as they ut the present time. rj:0 dvnb, heredity to be.;r undiluted rule, would have order in their ranks. There would not bo the tightest indication cf ikU spirit of turbuleuca mid insubordination Here "the people" the original landowners tojiave ccmipkte control. As the matter etanJu they are for the time bei compiliei to iimijlJoJiTenfu3igrrmr: uuentupm the disregard of law and aulhtriiy, becauf o foiaooth, "The powers that e" have for the tilng that &n x:eedlugly wise and fitriht forward ccuree must tej:;ursued to ovtrcom3:vthe r eck hsk dar-in- g of unprincipled persone, who hive no re. for law, order, nor restraint of unhclv and ' gard wicked impulses. Buchindeed are dsngerous elements in a com- - thaauiprophet -- " Iroft i 1 ss-..sast- pt;-mitte- 1 lb-n- o obtair:e4-tteh-hTadw.- sY . d . and under thejerisdiction of the courts, aaif were not members cf that. religious Thia" body. spiritof deflanca has sprungup -- and been ncairishedbyalaliimQn anxious to rjisume control cf the gffiiirs of the Territory, its counties and cltfe?, and even the consciences of a pEsopIe who made the country habitable for them. They intend to get pofseacdon cf every p'a:e and position that afford any revenue1, and r.;Jo wJth a rod o! iron. Talk of freedom what would they giva to the bene and sinew of the country, the farmer?, the mechanic; how do they boast in public and in private. Taik cf protection, Euch. protection as the wolf gives the lamb. Have we eyes to sie, ears to heir, hearts to understand? then wo know just what to from tho.e boasters about freedom and independence and individuality. Take aw&y from Salt Laka City the sslocnV and uch resorts aa a certain class cf people'" uu u actual lAiLu necEeeny, and tlheyouIcL noUive hereT-unle- sa indeelTthey liad T enough wealth to have a wine cellar of their own like tjie old knights and barons of feudal timss. Then wo might loih for the peace and quietude once hero those who by hid comu far and cn. ejoyed duroi do much privation for the sake of a resting even city-- 3 m " -- irUhe wilderness. place the dreadful occurrences of k3t week Perhap? msy ba a le3?on to those who encoursgo a bru-telement instead cf obedience to law. Governments must Vxbtaud the people must sub. mitiolo governed. Evciybody i.s to do right under the law of the he j, aai ir they do wrong they ;must abiJe by tlso couKeqae'nces of thatv;;..-- g, Ru infringement especially if it ::- upin Generally these who make bo .:. muc. :t freedom aro" the class who tread on others, who want no law but .. timr y isaess, and who havo 110 regard for Uw, hurnun or divine. It ia sincerely to" be hoped that the authorilies cf thia city wiil the police force, and that tome of the nul aancesupon our streets may scon bo abated Who are these loafera who congregate upon the and jCorneroLthetreete around the u of thosaioons? Idle, depraved and viJt? Are they members of t Vnurcho!JCtihUyt-Laasl . - ; ; l in-crea- se r.n, SaintTToTled, fcTer were they have lost the No man living inihe lineof hi.'duty would be seen in -- n ch place. The principles cf this Church teach industry; diligence In good works coram and all thai wiil elevate h o and charACtercf men and side element t fh. It th-- so-hem- es, in: peapln a opposed ;to'ood ex-cialy io the cpntrqiorthe. otlik- uf the United Stated imfnat'. Thia neocle have cub. - tha Thfv-rerrer-ent ur rnment,-u(- llSeral ofilc i ,nni,i hYiAr l ing and Jookif.g forward for a time wben the result 3 of their integrity would be apparent, whou. ftftfr lon waitintr. the truth would st of this great 1U. Ja3t dawnupon the office-r-public that "Mormons" were good citizens; toiBUtain and main tin the principles inculcated in the Constitution and Declara tion of Indp en'deric t . men and women-, who are bo active- -' The few . I ly engaged misrepresenting tho "Mormon" people" to the T'prthe pulpit and the pres?, wilf not succeed in however f hrer,v! their base and wicked or its and they m v fe. M irmrm-eprinciples and pecpl-- j will outliv aii such enemies, and triumph over them, ft in not an n on of in an, b u t the wor k of (io i - t - -- goYemm.fcnt-cd-hy-:-UteTPisn8- cb-me- -: 3, far-seein- bt-g- ho eartiir'MoTmonnTn hh wor krmgf cr"in rdi vhlual ivJv&n c em en tan d aga: higher grandizement, they are cause and for a mor:' laudable in(c-rcethsn actuates those - whore"iiviri(on ly fofllm' world and ita vain ambitions. Thcfe who think that Mormon i"m can be overthrown by in'roduclag the aHuromentp, vanities and tomptu'Ijus of tho world Will find themselves terribly Jsusfaken. A f.;w may influenced who r.ro weak minded, but no one eounJ in princfpJe, and living In tbo light bf thoGpM ei will bo thus J;d nstray.JBuLwx be to tf.co who ;je-to bring disgrace and evil up-o- n -- th;--y n, Thy " ; TiOdmSktr3ti3 ZsTlprLwithtfcaF our midst.. ,- ' to ay ?,0. true, but it does net sujt their purpose tt womenS community Z U " y worjin t k tho Sahib;. Te thoio who rpied p.nf.ie iix the wenkand unsuspecting, and ce-- k to decoy from the paths of virtue and rectitude the young nnd the igno-ranno b'f g&ing can follow nich a coun-e- . The U of spirit peace that which should be sought, and not to stir up strife and diacord, either in t, puiic or private. It is better to eufler wrong thsn to do wrong; and bow essential It is to con trol the temper end tho tongue; and more than this even to control tho appetite. How much misery and PufTering is produced by the nee of alcohol. No tongue can tell the tale. It ia impossible. And to think that this once fair and happy city should be cureed with dram ehops and plscss of imfamy eem3 almost incredible to one acquainted with tho place from the beginning, and with the record cf the people and the contempt in which they holdall such vile and w;cked practices. One cannot wonder that the noble women of the Temperance Union on their bended knees and with tears streaming from their eyes entreated the ealoon keepers to close their doors that their hnsbande, brothers and sons might bo saved from the demon strong drink. And may the time hasten, on when popular opinion may bo 0 much Egainst these nefarious practice?, these houses that lead down toperdltion, that the cities and towns of our glorious land may ba freed from the pollution that springs from these prolific sources of evil, that are at the present time devastating human, life and'happines3 more rapidly than anything else.. And hero in Zion whoFe gates Shoii'd he closed sga'.nst &II Impure and unholv influence, the Saints should est their faces as flint against . . Ri! fmiflnnfi'm (i mo growtn or evil, that he might indeed b9 and fair to look upon, End the wonder and admiration of the Torld. .... - e -- EpITORI AL KOTE8. We had quite an Interesting interview with Mrs. Ada H. Kepley, attorney at law and ' 