DKMCATKD TO HISTKU ALDER ox the di:atii or hub uj:inrD In gazlog oii that forrn of woa&rooa Aa la the casket It wo peaceful larr . iMuoiiTKii ' charms : "' " o calm and chaste In the embrace ordeatb, "Vorda moatexpresairo leant from oat my lip's At though a voice within ray' heart endorsed The beauty that lay.pauivc there. Beauty In I ts highest, holiest, moat unearthly pen so, In ailent eloquence, :rasstariiped thereon I That girl so young, in unassuming youth,. Became at ohco transfigured as Itwerc, And al I approached as with a silent awe ! -How eloquent that silent, beauteous form Spoke to each gazer as they passed, ' . -- .. awe-struc- k Telling the brcrity of earthly life! .; How fralHhespirations all are wont to. feel! Beauty was there that death alone can give; It clothed with sanctity the Elceplng form, And all approached, as they would bead "before A royal presence, In its robes of state ! ' ' . - Think of her dwelling in eternal light, "Within the Ineffable presence of her God, " And the divine association of her Savior's love ! beings great and noble while on earth, "Who having nobly filled the mission given .Are now beatified within the smile of God ! ImaginatioB fails to paint the scene, ' But He, who viowed the ransomed throng, And Raw tha fflnrjr of the Firstborn's Church, lias left by his Inspired pen a vision Michael An gel o would have loved to paint ! On meditations, such as these, let us dilato, Till we become with all their glory rife, . Feeling our spirit chastened and subdued, And bending low respire, "Thy will be done." , . y Tixa. triarch were A VENERABLE WOMAN. PRESENDIA LATHROP KIMBALL. - - Continued.' In the fall of 1840, Mrs. Buell moved from her home in Missouri to Illinois and settled between Quincy and Nauvoo. During the time she lived there, a period of between five and it wdid af--" feet the people, the Saints? They were plunged Into the depths of grief for the man Of God they had so loved, and the wives and children of these noble men, were sorrow stricken beyond measure. Sister Prcsendia heard the dreadful tidings and could not believe it true, but when it was confirmed and she comprehended the situation, she called upon the Lord in her loneliness, 'and asked that the Holy Spirit her in her extreme need. To might, comfort ' attempt the recital of the. suffering and anguish of those who mourned for the Prophet and Patriarch, is impossible. The time came for the performance of ceremonies and ordinances in f the Nauvoo Temple. Sister Presendia was some distance ... away, but she was notified by her mends that it would be her privilege to go into the Temple, and in the language of Scripture straightwav she came, and availed herself of the opportu- six years, she made frequent journeys to Nauvoo and visited among the Saints, being particularly aquainted with Joseph and Hyrum,with Mother Smith and family. Sister Pres- . endia, as we shall hereafter calFTier, became more familiarly associated with the Prophet and his teachings, which were attracting much-attentiamong the Saints and all sorts of slanders imaginable were being circulated. Truth is always counterfeited and every true principle or science or rengiuu lutruuuueu mw the world has been met by strong opposition iromthe masses, generally the ignorant ana bigoted. In Nauvoo the teaching of the principle of celestial marriage" by Joseph spread like wildfire, ,and all sorts ot improbable and misrepresentations were noised impossible abioad. Is it so strange that the Gospel having been restored to the earth and the holy Priesthood bestowed upon the servants of God ac--, cording to the prophecies oi ocnpiure, iur instance, Isaiah Jeremiah and Malachi, that , the Lord should command his servants to fol- on ' Ifoully-murdered.-lio- - , v nity' Hereafter we - - ; recognize her as the wife of the renowned Apostle Heber C. Kimball. The' next great event in the history of this people was the exodus from Nauvoo; and with this up the thread of the narrative of this distinguished woman, of whose life we. are only giving a brief sketch. we-ta- To be Continued. . . , THE .CH ARACTE R OP LADY MACBETH. In the character of Lady: Macbeth, we find the commingling of two sets of elements; one ke indoTiiithterriMweT. and ' fidelitr- - 7OmtrpiWl jvrithraiitagoiiizedr and finallr over-- " .foremost. :. among '; powered, by a' baser wnich, ana predominating over ail the others -- uigTowtaia Xet us ctthkniEHMlingrpoer-.- examine this rjassionJ and see under what peculiar guise it is presented in the character before us. The word- ambition we jrenerally - . .A ""' its possessor to accomplish its own aggrandize- ment, self, being ho oroof nars fro mnirn around which all other issues power, revolve, ana .to.wnicn tney are subservient. But in Lady Macbeth we find that self is not, the basia or foundation of that vaulting ambi- - v ' .. tion which . transformed - her into a thing of I or-piy- - . . Salt Lake City, March 15th, 1S33. tloD, ; ,. . : Oh! mourning mother! stay thy falling tears ! J ,Oh! sorrowing father, hush thy choking sobs! AVould'st thou recall her1 from the realms of bliss? Would'st thou strip off the robe of Heaven? , Ottear the starry chaplet from her brow? And once more clothe her in habiliments of earth? No, No ! I hear you say, No, np, we would not Then, dear friends, atem now the tide of grief, Oh! mourn no more for her who wears the robe, ' The immaculate robo of the redeemed The starry crown of an immortal 60ul! HAXNin - .the &&j1Ii&&m q tvpznat intellect, reSt- - -- . v in the faulted of Abraham, the f&thtr. of the faithful, and other andent worthing with v,hom He condescended to hold convene? To ' me it gfcemrcnly comKtehtjintb of the' fjord vt th1 hit peop e - from " the" com- mencfcinent of the world. Tna Lord's ways are not as our rays, .'and rnan cati not judge the '". Almighty. ..: Joseph himsc-l- f taughtlhe principle of plural marriage to Skter Presendia. and her heart was humble, and her mind to receive the - revelations of heaven. Sheopen knew Joseph to be a man of God hlTlhTiaTei ved m any manifestations in proof of this, and corisequent- ly when he explained to herdearly the knowledge which he had obtained from the.Lord, she accepted the sealing ordinance with Joseph as a sacred and holy confirmation.. The troubles and difficulties that arose afterwards, that eventually resulted in the d eath of Joseph and Hyrum, kept the Saints in a constant state of; anxiety. The sisters . who had entered into' these covenants were in one sense separate and apart from all others. Their minds were more expanded, new light had burst in upon them, and they were buoyed up by a spirit which they scarcely understood, otherwise they could - never have - borne the calumny and reproach cast upon them, because of their having taken upon themselves these solemn vows. No tongue can describe, or pen portray the peculiar situation that environed about these noble self sacrificing women, who through the "provi-- 7 dence of God helped to establish the principle of plural celestial marriage. Those who speak of the principle of a plurality of wives as .debasing, or degrading, know nothing whatever of the practice of it as it exists among the Latter-day Saints, and those who condemn these r sainted - women who have taken upou themselves this cross, in all .purity-of-hea- rt and motive of purpose, are as ignorant of their, lives and the reverence in which they hold these sacred relations, as they are of what exists upon another planet, or they would never dareupbraidand sneer as they do at those whom God has called to take such an impor- work. tant part in his great Latter-daThe crisis came, when the Prophet and PaJow -- ot, most sacred claims of kindred and hospitality, but also to lead Macbeth on to his destruction, the one being on earth whom she had sought to exalt. It was for him and not herself that caused her to steep her heart in guilt, andbathe her hand in blood, that little hand, that wards sweeten." It was for him that she became the impersonation of evil passion; to pon place within his hand the sceptre,-and- -u his brow the imperial crown, she had sold her self to hell. Among the nobler qualities ot 1 I ,1 f aam wo wo nim xicru w iiiiuu ituu iiua.ii., Vita iiigu tuuiajjc, womanly love and sympathy, filial and parental affection; the two latter traits strikingly exhibited where she says: "I have" given suck and know how tender it is to love the babe that; milks eme," and the sentence, "Had he not resembled my father as lie slept, "etc., occur- - iiu a lti'UUca iu mc uiiuai ui u miuuimuua throng of evils,- has been likened to the unexpected tender minor chord occurring in one of Weber's or Beethoven's symphonies, and steal- ' - - r ir -- - nwr nr is hpard amid thft mftornifinfint crash of harmony, making, the blood pause, and filling the eves with unbidden tears. We cannot look upon Lady Macbeth as a ino- - tiiA W TYinnstpr ... u nf d(nravitv. or a "masculine virago. but as a croud,n noble, 1brilliant, intellectual ... 11 t ' woman, wno ien dirom ner mgn pmnacie oi virtue through mistaken love, and the lack of Christian influences. Had the circumstances of her life been other than they were, she pos- u i. i l l fcUsbtja cieuieuuJ uiiuuiuj juujihu i wmtu, l'lxJ perly directed, would have made her stand put rominently among the noblest ot woman T -- 1 1 l- 1UU Black. as is the crime which she ushers on. to a successful issue, we find by way of palliation that she is not theiole originator of the 's dreadful conception, for it springs within mind, before his lady is introduced; 'tis true she takes a more active part in the crime afterwards, but commentators on the play say that it' is due to her superiority of intellect, rather than her love of blood, and her more thorough executive ability, as compared with that of her more timid husband, and had it and courage, not been for her they would have been discovered at the murder of Duncan, and identified with it. It was not altogether the pangs of conscience that made Macbeth oblivious to the danger of his situation, and the necessity of concealment, a3 he stood with bloody hands and dripping dag self ger, in the open court, but a lack of that the supepoise and dauntlessness that marked J rior mind of Lady Macbeth. , After the commission of her first great crime, we find her not a willing agent in other deeds of blood, but devotedly engaged in supporting the nervous weakness of her husband, until -- that greatest of all wrecks, aberration of the mind, made her oblivious to all earthly woes. In her sad life we read the storvof "a .oe. proud heart broken." -- Mac-beth- self-possessi- ' - 