WOMAN'S EX PO KENT - way of expressing "'' the great and sublime event . that are transpiring all around uv We are apt to look back and admire the great men and womeij of the past and their heroic deeds, nd forget that we have in our.midst men simi- larly endowed with the holy Priesthood cf God, and worxien whose lives of heroism and self sacrifice equal if ..they do net surpvs any of th 088 we read about in the Scriptures, .and reverence bo sublimely. That this is a brighter age! andpne Jn.. wh f ch grea ter esy en t a is to in- - any other period rofr- the transpire-tha- n . I t- - - world, , the Latter-da- y faints are taught to believe. Joseph the Prophet and Seer so instructed the people, as he wan taught of God through direct revelation; and- - the Scriptures -- abundan t ly test! trufhllof his .'.words.'"!' Isaiah, in his most glowing and f mphatic language, prophetic In his utterances, has graphi ally described the latter-da- y dispensation. David' the sweet psalmist of Israel, speaks In his beaut', ful way cf the wonderful erents of the . latter times, and the poet inspired of God wrote, "Which kings and prophets waited for and fought, but never found' It is not etrarjge that the very people and nations among whom these great events are transpiring are. almost regardless cf anything beyond the ordinary, and yet all around them the great programme of the Almighty fs btin carried out in its several acts and various details, and will eventually conclude with the demption of ZIon,' und all the glories of the kingdom Daniel saw In vision that should ry-of-- i forever. r- - the - --.. "He who runs may read;" it is as plain to the understanding of these who are walking in the light of the Gospel of Je3us Christ, that the events that are now on the topis with this people and the government of the United States, are part and parcel, and a most important part, "too, of the great latter-da- y drama. Can any one doubt what the result will be to this people of the agitation on the subject of Mormonism, now so general all over the land? Not those certainly who have carefully ob?erved the denouement of each of the particular events termed epochs in Church History eluce 1830. Those things that seemed hardest to bear, that have, been considered, and in fact were, in one sense of the word, the severest struggles of the eairits have in the outcome proved to be the greatest blessings. It is not possible in a brief - sketch to mention - them, separately as they have occurred, but certainly those who have passed over the ground have seen for themselves. Thousands cf instances might . be brought forward to prove the manifestations of God V power among his saints- ;- this rpeopls called "Mormons," so despised cf the world, so hated, so persecuted. The Lord has in every ce thicket, 7ge provided, as itrwere,a 'when He has brought hl3 saints the house; of Israel into strait places. Can we not believe He will do so now? Notwithstanding the malice and bitterness of the world against "Mormons," and their intercessions with Congress to have oppressive lawspasedgalnst - them, and burdensome restrictions placed upon them, depriving them of the rights accord-- " ed by the Constitution to all freeborn men, yet will the Lord in the future,- - as He has ia the pst provide a ransom, but He will do it in his own, way and time, and according to his good Measure. Men are simply the instru ments in his hands and Legislatures, Cabinets and CongresEes, with all their wisdom, their are his to mould and to wealth and ram-in-tf- -- power, work with aseeemeth Him good. x The prophets in anient Hint?, asell hcee jn me present ai 141 days, have spoken much against eaEe m Zion; many - think there is litt'l e ' need of their help a the kingdom, as God Will iui of Jator rolling forth his work. iKgreai But doe? not our Heavenly Father expert each one act to nobly jo opart; develop all the ta'ents committed to hii keeping, and to acquire wisdom and ? strength. o labor In the graat He most certainly does! It has been through the united tflbrtajrf the whole people ed and guided by his servants that the work , vine-yard- -- Therefore It behooves the Saints to maintain their Integrity at the present tlmevC that which has been revealed from heaven, be not fearful but strong in the Lord; knowing that He holds the nations In his grasp, and He can cast down or raise up at His will. Never was there a time when Zion had more need of Intelligent workers in the field than at present; and those too who e will work with wisdom and skill, and ah eye to building lip Zion instead of seeking their own aggrandizements sin-gl- ---- y.; - Tl hH)p Insignificant, for each ha i an important part, be it ever so humble or obscure. The Payers and ftilfuI Iarors of bo hum Jw'f r.f a "..uiCKMug oI uoa upon Israel, in its grea'et n' ed RS that, hlch to those who are looking on, seems the highest endeavor of the Ablest man, or woman who step forward to assist in the time of danger, or dlfflcuHy. What could the captain of a ship do without the sailors? and yet he controls their labors, assisted by his mates and pilot, and unless they obey his orders all would be confusion, and the ship could not reach the pomt they, sailed for, and accomplish the will of the owner who had sent them out upon the ocean. And unless the captain listened to the pilot and was guided by the true compass, the ship would be sure to go wrong. Bo the Latter-daSaints must listen to the one whom the Lord has appointed to direct the cf the great ship Zion and while he is guided by the Holy Spirit which is ever the true compass, for ... the prophet? cf God, .the ship will not be- stranded, or cast upon the rocks though heavy and perilous storms may 'arise, and perad venture many of those on board may become restless and uneasy and fearful; yet if they will sticks ti the good and staunch t; and eld ship they will at last reach a they need not sail blindly either, for each one on board Z ion's ship has the privilege of carryiDg with him a compass, the Holy Spirit in his own heart. But to Jump overboard would be fatal. How. many have thought when trials come along, well "I'll stand for myself, ! am tired of trusting to others, I sea no way out of this difficulty, and I believe the leaders and these who preside and direct the affairs of the Church are all wrong, and PU Just give it all up." Thus have such departed from the true ligh t, lost the faith ones eo dear to them and have "sold their birthright for a mess cf pottage!" Nothing pays so well as to be a saint. How many instances of the kind spoken of can one recall, where those who have remained faithful and true, have after years of endurance grown doubtful, and finally fallen into darkness, and wrecked the hopes once so strongly entertained of salvation and exaltation hereafter. Humility and prayers are necessities for the Iilter-daSiint. But In this busy wcrld amid Its every day cares and perplexities, it Is eapy to forgft to seek diligently unto the Lord for testimony and instead of Ioing so, msy look around to see what kind of lives the people are living among whom ti m wm EDITORIAL NOTES. The StfckeSecretPrlea of 'th8 af-fai- semi-annu- rs . testimony against the principles of the Goss wofully r eglect fu 1 pel, al though-perhapselves of duties and careless of keeping the com" , mandments of God. There is no occasion for fear, if one will goTto with his might to do his part, and where there is unicn there will be power and the L rd will withhold no gcod thing from his people. He will raise them up friends on the right hand and on the left, and carry them off victorious though all the powers of earth combine against them, for as the Scripture fays "He will make the rvreth of the w;ickd to prabe him." s 1. Homeland E. Howard visited Summit County in the interest of theDeseret Hospital, leaving this City Saturday morning, Jan 27. and returning Feb. 3. On account of the severe cold and stormy weather they did not" accomplish all they anticipated. They held two meetings with the sisters, one at Coalville and another at Grass Creek; several other'appolnt- ments were given out for them, but the weather would not admit of their traveling to keep them. Every attention possible was shown to aid them In the work they had in view; and at some future time the ladiefljwrio went as a committee, will likely visit again on the same errand. The Deseret Hospital, though stl !1 in its infancy, is nevertheless filling a long felt need by the people. Some changes have been made since the1 institution first opened; but these were deemed necessary by the managers for the btst good of all Interested. Unforseen circumstances and requirements demand such changes from time to time in all public institutions. The people have donated literally to furnish and establiih the Hospital, but all benevolent enterprises require extra exertions of this kind unless they are liberally endowed, and it would take years to procure theneedful appurtenances and conveniences for such an establishment if depending upon fees alone. Much charity work " hss been done; but good J udgment and wise are necessary In the management to know how to adjutt all these matters. The institution commenced very small, comparative, -- ly speaking. The ladies who have charge des afliires asTan Executive Committee are well known In the community, and their ability and experience is unquestioned; under their able management there is no doubt that everything wl.l be done in the best manner possible to the highest interest of the institution and its permanent success." " The young lady installed as home surgeon is v. ry competent, skillful and energetic, kind and eolicitious fcr the good of all under her care and the prosperity of the institution. Dr. Anderson 13 the regular visiting surgeon, and his successful career as a practitioner in Utah is too well es tablished to need com men t. There have been tome very particular and Interesting operations jerfcrmed since the Hospital was opened; and there Is every reason to believe that from this email beginning a flourishing, praiseworthy and benevolent institution will grow, that will be;a blessing and comfort to the afflicted and injured will among the Latter dsy Saintff. A full leport -- erafe-por- their lot is cist, Judging and condem'ng them and taking their weaknesses and short comings-a- L.,M.L A. al Sisters M. - y .Y are respectfully solicited to prepare aud forward reports in good time for the Secreof the Central Board to make a complete tary report for tho annual Conference in April. This report ia required at the office of President Taylor ten days before the Conference". Mrs. E. S. Taylor, President of the Y. L. M. I. A., Is anxious there should be a' report from each of the organizations. Send reports to the Secretary Mirs Louie Wei la, care Woman's Exponent Salt Lake City. , - . -- ' . tion pro-mo- te 