WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 171 .: -- t-- r We U rxlirJ kj or.r l!y j tla sr'$ &ti. Poiij Azu Ias Greir jwm Tex, ilir lt, 1$4, ' fcc-r- u - ,larTV?hia.ftca C.v, irii tzirrled to AV Grtr NoTtnber -- zd IScS, Mcocdkj to th? la of ib SUte la whkh tb;jr resided, (for U&.) On .the 22j day of ''JsJj, 1S7S, tbej were fale4 for tlzae and all etetoitrcC mcJ her and four teachers have ken appointed to yi?it aiscsg the aters We hold our meeting tHttce a month at 2 o'clock p.m. Ladies Association has atao been organized with Julia A. Johnson, President; Lucy Norton and Melvina Gunn, Counselor; Ellen Bigelow, Secretary; L. Jackson Assistant Secretary; and Maria S. Holden, lias ijcrtV ?.-U-It no-wa- A-Y-ou- ng Trcasu-rejr,7Thereii- life when quite an infant, and-ro- n was much eicenied by the king, her father, who was obliged to Scotland soon after Mary's birth, and particular anxious that her be should health ly strictly attended to in his absence; the diet provided for the little lady's nursery was more8ubvtan-- j tiftl thiin 14 rrfinr!ihii fnr hillwn in iu a n rm being wmanchet and fine bread, mutton or chicken with all,-a- nd the breakfast iuust Kaver " aequatly l. gto l Ve fourteen A Primarv Association was organiietl with Mrs. Polly Ann Greer, President; Priscilla "Hamblin and Lora A, Brown, Counselors; : - joiqxfrxUrL Iiracl AlpMc, ApdllJL& - Brother aad Slskr Grccr m.'rrated to Utah In ISTT.aud to Greer, died at Amity, AchaT con. CoArizonvoTkia re and Taamtion. She wai a true Latter-da- y Saint, ceiTed with joy all the principle of the Gospel. She wai set Apart a President of tha Primary; Aeocia tion of this place NoTember 2nd, 1S?3; eha wa an afiec- tionat and dutiful companion, a kind motherl and trnely a good neighbor,- - She departed In peace and fall faith oflthe Goepel, and an assurance of eternaliifa in the Kingdom of God, where she will eTentoally be reunited with'her husband and little one?, and beloTed brethren ana eister wno taa not forsaken her in the dark Talley and the shadow of death. She was an exemplary woman and beloyed by all. Shewas tho aother of six children, three girls and three boys. xIIer last words to her husband were, I want yon. to liTe your religion and get another wife, one that will suit you. v To bcr eldest girl Mollie she said, Are you prepared to gire your mother up? the child sobbed no! then she counseled her to take care of the little brothers and sisters that would bo left lonely at her death, she en treated her to be reconciled, and said she must be a good girl. To her next daughter Sue, she said, I lore you Sue, and then her spirit departed so quickly it could hardly ' bo realized. Cor. D. between ten and twelve, their dinner ta emm and meat of various kinds, custards and sweet tfttts. and Gasfionv wine! on fast rlnva fisk instead of meat, supper the same, but not quite so ueavy. a uey uycu at oi. uttiut'8 a i aiace , London, the greater part of the year, which Susan Greer, Secretary; and EllaHamblin, ;Arix3flJt ' The Association hold their meetings every are generally Saturday at. 2 o'clock and Jhey ' "' " well attended. The sisters are diligent and faithful in the performance of their duties, the Bishop and of, the other brethren occasion ly visit ou r meetings and counsel and encourage us. Always praying for the welfare of Zion and the advancement of mankind, including the cleva- tion of. woman , and also for the success of the Exponent as the advocate of woman's cause, I have the pleasure, to subscribe myself, Yours in the Gospel, ' : nog 1 ' MESA CITY, ARIZONA. Some time since initiatory steps were taken toojani2eflJYL.-- M Mary E. Marble, Secretary. RINCESS MARY, DAUGHTER OF CHARLES I. UANNAII T. KING. -- -i-i- i-i mieiiect. " - - " : Jennie Bush, Corresponding Secretary for Y. L. A. WEST BOUNTIFUL PRIMARY. Our Association is not a large one in point of numbers, but the little folks are striving to improve themselves, and most of them are much interested. We have bad two Primary concert! here for the benefit of the Association, which were well attended. They were a great encouragement to the children, and reflected credit upon their endeavors. Praying that the Lord will bless all the Primary associations and the efforts of those who are laboring in the good cause. Miss Julia Fackrell, ' - Secretary. AMITY, ARIZONA. On November 2nd, 1882, a special meeting was called in Amity, Arizona, and Bishop Albinon M. Holden organized a Relief Society with the following officers, who were unanimously sustained by the vote .of the people: Mrs. Martha ;Bigelow, President; Susan Johnson and Lucinda Holden, Counselors; Mary Emily Marble, Secretary; Celestina Marble, Treasurer, Nineteen members are enrolled Wl - The royal family of Stewart were remarkable for their beauty, for many fine qualities, but most of all for. their misfortunes! The Princess Mary, daughter of Charles I, was : an exception in the catalogue, and yet little mnfVioi- - AfnriA rift TVfpflJmA visitinfy Tnfrlflnr!' has been historically written of her; while other princesses' lives ha ve xbeen traced on she - came "without" being" , invited "because it - the pageof history again, ana again; she had happened to be convenient to her; ttris visit a little who diedxat Cams-broo- k was not an agreeable one, though the queen Castle while a child, and Queen was nleased to present her children to her had has Victoria a lovely monument erected motherfand she told her "the king had made to her memory in St. Thomas's Church, Isl her a happy wife,happy mother and a happy o Wight. It will be remembered thatN queen 1" But even at this time trouble was Charles I. married a beautifuLFrench ; Prin- ix gathering around the king, who, while this named Henrietta Marianne youngest cess, Xbappy reunion was taking place, was marcbing daughter of Henry IV of France, and his Queen Mariede Medices; she was net considersubjects, causing his family much sorrow and ed a very wise or suitable wife for an English anxiety; little Mary oegan to notice aay aiter on account of her being a zealous king, partly day the grief on her mother's face and the Roman Catholic, and that her training and tears shed by her governess, the countess of education unfitted her for so important a Roxburgh, who had been a second mother to her, and whom she loved very much, but position; but she was beautiful, and the king loved her, and she returned his love. Her whose husband and xson were fighting against eldest son, afterwards Charles II of England, the king; and they raissed their pleasant was born at Greenwich; his mpther declared walks at Richmond or Hampton Court, and be him to an ugly, though a very fine "child, thought it very strange and disagreeable never and so solemn in his infant ways, that she felt to be allowed to go out of doors without a guard he was far wiser than herself. The next arof armed soldiers; even at night ber sleep was rival was a little daughter, born at Whitehall, disturbed by the tramp of the sentries at the the on 4th of Nov., 1631, and was London, gates, and the poor child began to look careworn like the queen, her mother; at this time, warmly welcomed by both parents, but she was a very delicate child, and so caused them though so young, a way was already being mart fnr her to esnane from the evilS that were much anxiety; on this account they had her when few baptized only a days old, by the coming on her fathers house; lor juaneae name of Maria, after her grandmother; they thA bearer of ft message from the 'MpAim. were very poor at this time, and it suited their Prince of Orange, asking her in marriage for circumstances to have a private christening, as his son. Charles I. was very willing to listen the Parliament would not vote more supplies to such proposals for his younger daughters, for them. . The child was provided with a ' but he had more ambitious views for Mary, besides which he loved her : so much, that nurse, and the Countess of Roxburgh was her But from the first day of her life! When he shrank from . parting with her. governess Via two years old, an establishment was arranged of Wealth ftflprfl kof lorryO Uw avuuu for her, which certainly did not indicate were made for the bride, and that the Prince erty; besides a nurse and three watchers, a of Orange would- - undertake to assist him in lady of the bedchamber, a seamstress, a tailor bis struggle with, his rebellious subjects, and, and shoemaker, a gentleman usher, two pages, moreover, the little girl, who perhaps undera laundress three grooms, four footmen, five An1 mhat of th her narents. hH Oflan TCI lAAb - sha iiau mvu nui.iu kitchen servants, a coachman and-mo- re im-- " Ihardiffercnce in religion caused much misery than all, a good physician, Dr. Mayer, between husband and wife, told her father portant whose gkill and care were supposed to have that sbe should prefer being married to a -- sister-Llizab- 12th, 1883, the organization was effected, with the following officers, who were ?et apart by President A. F. Macdonald, Bros. Richens, Stewart and Carter, viz., President, Mrs.j Zulie Kimball; Counselors, Miss Etta Pomeroy and Miss Beckie Richens; Secretary, Miss Gertrude Pomeroy; Corresponding Secretary, Mrs. Jennie B ush; Treasurer, Phcebe Shepard. Our society meets weekly, and from the TlnrA e, . R S, Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. fvrrifA mother, and she loved to walk in the beautiful garden with the children, carrH'ing the baby in her arras, singing to it, and talking and laughing with them. " Charles I. was" anxious that his children should all speak English as their" mother-tonguthough his wife gave him some trouble bv ner Dreference for her native laneruatre. but as her sons grew up and visited the French court, they were unable to converse except in English! The queen was, of course, a Roman Catnolic, and used to give Mary rosaries and crosses, and to take her into the chapel for mass: when Mary was eight years old the kine found out what wa3 going on, and positively ioiuaue ner utiiug utH.eu tuero aga.iuf uuu in sisted that nothing should ever be said to her against the protestant faith. She grew to be a pretty child, and a devotetl' daughter to her kind and good father; her brother, Charles was her favorite companion. .1 A very important event in Mary's life wa3 brought about in consequence of her grand- - a-fe- -- -- rt eth, , : - -- . w s . 