175 WOMAN'S KXPONEHT protcataut partner. ;ThIrdeided the .iAtterl-- ': and inApril iGU, the young prince tame and landed over, eieorted by twenty at Graveaend, where he was met by a royal equipage, and driven through tendon to Whitehall where Charier and. rce2ved him most affectionately; Mary was not" there, for she was in bed, poor child, at Somer- Z jet House with a' feverish" cold and, swollen T. face but her bridegroom of sixteen begged to hard to be permitted to eeejier, .that the Icing ve-se- w, ; ULj . V4W-V- A frVSWk A.- - V f ' V brofson, leaving the.throne sanded England by the title of William III, having maimd Mary, the eldest daughter of the-- depoied King, James II. Parlia- ment deired that her name should Lfe.coiijoint-- : government of the iy blended" with hU in tha ascended. the throne hence and kingdom, they unitedly as William ana Mary. " THE PIC-- , .. " ,V- - land, afid at the expirationjojthetwjrears she should pass to the house of her husband. Charles at last bowed to a dire necessity that surrounded him and his family; the marriage took place with the usual court ceremonies, as soon as preparations could be made ready. A royal vessel was duly fitted out, and then came the cruel separation, the king was peralmost fectly unmanned at parting with his worshiped child, for having a mind beyond her years she had been the solace and comfort - of his troubled life; he repeatedly clasped her in his arms, blest her, and wept bitter tears nvpr her ttrnhfthlv he had a presentiment that their separation was final. As long as the vessel wa3 in sight he stood on the shore makcalled for ing fond signab of adieus, he then ride to a a swift horsi that he might rapidly a view of high eminence that still commanded treasures! hi3 heart's . the ship that bore away Never to meet again on earth! Time passed the final tragedy of regicide is history. Mary mourned the sad, sad finale of her beloved father, but her mother and her husband blest and consoled her; the two years with her mother was religiously kept sacred and then she was placed in the beautiful home that had been fondly prepared; for her by the hand of love. Alas, a very few years elapsed before this lovely and chaste union was dispelled by the cruel hand of death, the young prince was seized with' malignant smallpox, and left Mary a widow at nineteen. At the restoration of Charles the Second, he invited his widowed neice and her boy to come and make her home" in Englandshe and Whitehall, accepted the kindly invitation, appointed for the home of her childhood,-w- as her residence. (Awindow is still shown in that fine building from which Charles I. from emerged to walk to the fatal block, " whence he was ushered into eternity.) the beautiful Mary had not resided long in was attacked lier childhood, when she home time terminated by smallpox, which in a short her Ufa in the very Dioom 01 wywauuwu tf . hk . fevuti to nercnSrgc'Vr ith reluctant least for, the small fraction of Tu reflected beauty that our memory can carry oyer the -- rrnf nf W. ftiiF W. WW W Jftm-not- f J VirvtifT lift J fct.VUU ' : ' v In thseyour farewell visits, we do not forget soldiers. We' must sse one more drill. -- the . Munich, Oct. We have with us in this second visit to this our favorite city of Germany, a dear friend" , whose leet have never trod these old streets before. The delight of the newcomer at the place seem3 to quite keep pace with our own We wax elo; satisfaction in showing its riche?. we coax our quent over the marKet-pIacfriend through a .quaint gateway, and then lead oh to the picturesque square where the old : women have set out they: wares to the best advantage. We hunt up one old woman in particular. She has always been an especial attraction to us. Her specialty, which she keeps heaped up in little tubs in front of her, is, in American parlance, "pot cheese." Here we buy it by the spoonful. It is one of our luxuries. We indulge in it frequently; partly to please the old woman, partly to please our own taste.- It reminds us of a lovely spot far over the blue sea, a beautiful country home where so many happy summer hours of our early years were spent Anything here wdiiciu recalls that home and those who were the charm of the old house is a delight to us in this far away land. The dear hands whose unceasinizlvfor lillftvinc o o ministrations wrouehrso j the comfort or the fortune to be gathereaunaer-ner-nospitab- ie " roof, have long since ceased their labor, but her gentle deeds and loving words follow us even into highways and byways of the old world. of Munich is particularly This market-plac- e quaint and attractive, large and irregular in sbapeMt gives room for many a picturesque group, which might well delight the heart of any artist from our own shores whose eye should fall upon the like for the first time. We leave the old square and its comical attractions, and post oh" to the old Pinakothek. How glad we are to get into it again. We have heen in Rome, in Florence, and in Venice since we took our lat look here. We have seen a great deal that is very beautiful, but our affection for the Munich Gallery is in no wise shaken. There is certainlv no collection of Rubens' works anywhere in Italy which can here. equal in value and variety the one found Murillo's Italian children are like a magnet, and draw us irresistibly to the further end of the building. . They are just as fascinating as find cunelves they were months' ago, We is not in order among old friends. A catalogue here for us. We can find allure want without. We know just where to find the treasures of Van Dych, and Titian, and Paul Veronese. We feel as though we were wanderers who had come home, and a great feast had been spread for us. Rembrandt's scenes from the passion , are as grand grander in our eyes than they were before we went' south. Del Sarto is as full of sweetness in his holy family here as we shall ever hope to find him. Wouverman, us into Ruysdael, Brouer and Tenieas tempt the cabinets with as eager steps as in the days of our earlier aquaintance. Holbein,. Durer, the front IQuinten, Matsys, are prominent inas we must rooms just as we left them just leave them and all the treasures which come after them and go away soon, not to come back again for a long, long time, if ever. It u to turn cne's back on the- not We find them "on duty," drilling away, exactly as' we left them months ago. --They are a3 and stalwart as ever. We act-sturay, strong Viol 7th,-1832- sweet and loyely; although young, he was very manly in his manners and was highly accomplished, spoke four European languages," a good mathematician, well acquaintedwith history, both of his own country and that of others, and had long been admitted to sit in the eoun- cils of the Etate, and Mary, from .sympathy with the trials of those she loved, was older than her years. Arundel House in the Strand had. been fitted up for his reception, and he had a private key . to the garden of Somerset House. A frequent interchange of visits took and marriage was proposed and earnest- fdace, upon; the king objected in consideration of the youth of his daughter: but, ahfc! heavy clouds had long been gathering around him and his throne; and he had much desired to find a safe asylum for his beloved family, for Charles was a devoted husband and father; it was now proposed by the Prince of Orange, the prince's father, that the marriage should be solemnized, that the young princess should still remain under the care and jurisdiction of her mother for two years, that the queen should accompany Jhe young bride to -- Hoi -- TURES- OF "MUNICH. .was introduced to . wealth of. this old Pinakothek and walk cu&t-3- y away, knowing in your own heart you may never uon its like again. .. Bavaria has -.laid hold on iaanya rareirea&ire -- of art She vcy kiiciu. mm. mw rciigious care, ana. js a jealous guardian of all theeood gifts committed -- W her by them, and he Kissed the little girl in spite of her swollen face and told his father in his first Tetter that she was who in after years v e; 5 . -- - pleasure-of-alr-whohad"t- -- s6-verye- asy he ckxrc if iliia liolltr An nmi our side of the water we would be obliged to keep a large standing army under rigorous drill if we wanted to be sure of keeping them at a respectful distance. The entire business of this great kingdom seems to be the training of "soldiers. The "goose step" provokes anew to " M VS VV J In the afternoon we go to the National Mu- seum, glad of even a hastv peep once more at' its contents. Weeks only could give one, by patient study, a satisfactory idea of its vast collections. We have become somewhat familiar with the building and its wealth of rare antiquities, and we guide our friends on to its greatest objects of interest in a sort of despairing condition of mind because we can do but little more than make a hastv excursion trin through these wonderful rooms so full of the relics of other centuries rich mosaics, rare tapestry. froraJRaphael's cartoons," Roman antiauities, ceiling3, marbles, jewels !and castsjmbstones, 11 .1 costumes an snowing ine progress oif -- civiuza1 i " recent date. In our own land, which is so new, it would be quite out of the question for us to understand how these aristocratic old nations cling toJtheir past. Their heroes have lived in it. Their poets have sung of it Everything which belonged to it is sacredJn their eyes. This particular collection is almost inexhaustible in interest and extent. We wander up stairs and down, taking in what little we can Aiit. irf ihfk trrpflt. variptv hpiforfi ns. Thft dav 1 0 j comes to an end as far as regular -- -- - sight-seein- g .:i is concerned. We are glad to drop into Cafe Lutz for a cup of its excellent coffee and queer cakes. When we are rested we go out for a stroll in the look at the historical frescoes in the arcades which open out on to the garden arid walk over to the lower parade ground to see what the soldiers are doincr there, and we feel after the day's work that we have been here a long time. We have renewed so many delightful associations, . we .don't quite credit the fact i . t ii i ii . oia tnat we nave not yet siept in tne city since our return. J to our back We go quarters tired physically and mentally. The good frau is waiting for us She has one of her mo3t tempting German "meals ready for our famished condition. She refreshes us with a cup of tea and produces Marie and Poots to our no small delight. They are as bright and fresh, as cute and charming as ever. They are a picture in themselves rthe sweetest, prettiest German children Jt is , possible to imagine. We were more than glad to get hold of the dear little things again. It was right restful to fall into the kindly frau'i motherly care once more. The dining salon looked as cheery as ever, and the valuable frieze, still lent its painted by the artist Hof-'garte- n, ? . son-in-la- w, rnnm. Wa missed w -.- w wwtuu IflO i ft CCO JilUl lliM-- Janiwi-the winter time before. Nearly every one had in our glory. "gone on," and we were left alone more , than Many of these friends had met U3 onca durinff our wanderings; others shall we. rx Vita !T.11.fTTI-lTTlV-rf- VY hope to .see l again. u The meetmgf are lor the 