The Bights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of A NEW; , " - 1 ... of this world is to praise and Hess, :T " ,' Extol and reDerata tho memory The way hf nLIriends:wJici Of dear ami Too ort while they are with us, we forget, ' Or fail to realize their priceless worth; ' We do not sense how ranch they are to 113, , flow much oar happiness depends on them, Till they are gone, and then it is "too late!" Too lata e'er to recall one needless pang, f- -- YEAR'S OFFERING. 1883. - ;: am-bol- P -- " Bat doubts and bitterness will cling to those Who Ehut their hearts against Its kind approach. Tho year just closed is like a buried friend. And If Its gifts, Its precious days and hours, We've failed to value in their faultless course, Failed to 11 up witb.useful thoughts and deeds, - " o'er Its gravewo may indeed lament, With sad, unfeigned though unavailing tears. Bat if, instead, we've wisely spent the wealth Of .... opportunities for doing good, -- T"-That crowded on us in the fleeting time; Watchful that nothing worth ft stroke should pass, Which we might aid in doing, or might do, Forming fair shrines for tender memories, Then truly, we can find no cause to weep -For thi3 kind friend, more than for tho vast throng Of cherished favorites, the sweet and pure, . The good, and wise, and, staunch, omoug our own, Who have been summoned in the year now past. To higher spheres of action and of thought. - That they have triumphed, winning fadeless crowns, Vo cannot doubt; therefore we will not mourn. But with the gen'rous feelings that should I ive Within the heart of every Saint of God, n 1 Well praise and bless Him for Ilia matchless love; An d ceaseless thanks we'll offer for His care, And kind protection which salvation wrought Anew for us throughout the vanished year, ' . And through obedience is promised still; And with our thanks this humble prayer we'll raise: Our father, God! Bless Thou Thy chosen one, Thy servant. whoinThou'st called to lead Thy Saints," Whose head is silvered with the time and thought, Vhich he hath spent to name glorify Thy ; - In tho salvation of his fellowmen. Blesa him with health and with Thy strength, and let -- The light of revelation dwell with him. That he may comprehend Thy mind and will Concerning Zion yea, 'the pure in heart.' And with him bless his Couuselors; the Twelve, ; Their Coanwlors, and all whom Thou hast called JTobear Thy Holy Priesthood here on earth; Wake harmless every weapon that Is hurled T 'Gainst those who bear Thy truth into the world; The young among Thy sonsjand daughters bless, Surmount them with the shield of righteousness; faith and union with Thy Saints increase, Throughout the Stakes of Zion SDread Tbv peace; And through tho year just op'ning, may we stand, r follow, as Thou . wilt, Thy guiding hand. ask all thingf, and say Thy will be done, ft the dear name of Thy beloved Son; Thine be tho glory, and let once again, AIi Israel say Amen ! Amen !! Amen !.'! ' . " ' . 1 ----- -- ---- - t Lvlx. JANE WELSH CARLYLE. The life of this good woman, in the hand of a George Eliot, would make a soul-thrillin- g . . Jane d -- . - . a . . most-meni- " life-bloo- ; was .the petted and- - only coteh ytan7TTho" boast&t" of the family, blue blood, and who had ample means to live a life of ease and elegance; Jane was a pretty, gay and lively child, and grew up a very attractive woman; she received a liberal education, was bright, and witty, and possessed a beautiful face, and pleasing manners ; all this was a fortune in itself; of course she had "many admirers, but she remained perfectly heart-whol- e till meeting Edward Irving, she felt he was the only man she had ever seen to whom she could commit her life destiny- - Irving had been her tutor, and now solicited to be accepted as her lover, but he had been affianced to another woman, and this was a serious obstacle in. the wav of accepting him; yet she candidly confessed she - loved him, but told him he must first win the consent of his affianced to a severance of their engagement; but a Scotch betrothal is as sacred as a Jewish one, and means much more than is ordinarily received by English or American society. The young lady refused to absolve her vacillating lover from his covenant with .her, even after she heard that he loved another; and Jane wa.s too proud ' to accept' a lover with a broken' troth, so ended her first and only love!- : At this time her father died, she was devot edly .attached to him, and the shock- - and sor- row it caused her, seriously affected her health, not bew of a strong constitntion. To the latest period of her.life she rarely spoke of him , and always in a sacred hushed way, which told the reverential love with which she cherished his memory. This alone, if nothiug more, shows a marked phase of the woman's chaarc-- . ter womanly love and devotion, wa3 its most distinctive features, and which her whole life exemplified. Edward Irving was the only man she ever loved she confessed to a dear friend in the later years of her life, that she married Carlyle from ambition, and she added, "he has far surpassed all that I ever hoped of him, yet miserable!"- -! Here was the grand mistake of her life, they were the antipodes of each other, both by nature and educatio- n- She wa3 of patrieian birth, fond of society, proud, sensitive and accomplished; he was of the yeomanry of Scotland, accustomed to the hard life of its bleak hills; he had no sympathy, with fine lady arts, was not social, was grim even in his humor, was dictatorial, believing in - himself and scarcely anything else; but she found him superior to all around him in intellect, and she felt he would make his mark in the world, so she married him. Had she remained single," relying upon her own capabilities, she would have become' a" literary character, of which she was very fond, and her letters, and diary, and occasional poems, all. reveal the fact that she composed with ease, and her rare conversational, powers.would have drawn around her a circle of admiring friends, instead of hich, she formed a loveless union, her own individuality absorbed in that of her husband, a menial in position, her home cares and daily struggles . e-struggle daily, and yearly laid herself onthe altar of sacrifice that she might accumulate all good to a being, who was hard, cold, and nnapprecia-tive- ; even through the long, weary years they lived at Craigenputtoch (the very name gives one the chills), the bleak Scotch hills, 4tretch- ing in monotonous barrenness on "all sides, yet, through all she plodded on through her hard and dreary warfare, without sympathy and al without appreciation, filling the offices; while far from being the companion, of her husband, she only saw him for a few moments in his dressing rQom in the morning acting as his valet, during the long seven years of their residence there, for he could only compose in solitude, and his nervousness compelled him to occupy a room far away from the domestic doing3 of-- the house. Through her constant labors of love, she enabled mm to fulfill his great 'mission,, freeing him from all domestic care; but sometimes she would speak r of Jhe travail that accompanied the production of Frederick the of his err eat work,-"Lif- e Great," and in her witty way she called it "the So valley of the shadow of Frederick! ' Carlyle lived, and wrote in comparative ease, and Jane, his wife, nourished the and fed the lamp with oil day by. day, without praise and without price. ' But X must retrograde somewhat,rthat I may -give a brief outline of this noble woman, for without that her picture would be entirely incomplete, and her great merit depreciated, but death has brought to life and, light, I will "Welsh daughter-jof-- a as (X)nsiderablydeveIoped:himself;n read- Tng this brief memoir of his wife, I felt there "must be some instinct' in the feeling!- - now, at last, is given to the world the sombre life. The imprisoned soul of his beautiful, and most exemplary wife, Jane Welsh; for fifty long years this woman lived like" one who had , "taken the veil." -- Carlyle, like most, devotees of the pen, was poor; and the of 1 his wife was to economize a small income to enable him to follow; his vocation, "hi3 mission on the earth as "a teacher of mankind" in this course she never faltered, but steadily, -lif- i ciating? . . .. English literature, than that of Thomas Carlyle, and his wife, Jane," and' yet how many have gone down to their graves with like history, none knowing and none appre-- , . Then .. sJuamh on. living Dickens, and George Eliot invariably drew from life, bir Walter Scott was so pointed in this, that his characters, were read and recognized. I to say the writings of these author with: -- Mwer tindrmany "others, cannot bo read by any mind of capability to comprehend, with-- . out life instruction, especially to those whose lives have been spent in comparative seclusion. The young mind craves food as well as the body, and i3 so imperative that it will have it. Then let them read to their hearts content; if they read such authors a3 I have named with ap- . preciation, they will have no taste for inferior writers. The life of Jane Carlyle shows there is often more romance , in real "life, than even found in books.' I have been drawn into this train of thought by reading a very brief sketch of this lady's life, which would certainly make" a book, if taken in hand by a competent writer. " I have already felt a repulsion to Thomas Carlyle, great as he was, for -- which -- 1 can scarcely account, as I have only read portions of his "Latter-da- y Pamphlets,' but in them he e, - not fail in my purpose even though Iinay be " somewhat erratic in the recital. "Save the history of Charles and Mary we often, hear -- such Works derided as trashy faction, when in truth they, are always taken more or less from characters. One harsh expression which we may have giv'rir OrolleHoYetontl The Gospel light, restored in Iatter-day' Corrects with every' other this mistake; And those who will accept it, in Its strength, Its leanty and its folncEs, "need not err," In greater or in lesser things than these. "The testimony of the Lord is sure, And mak'cth wise tho simple" happy truth! To those who. will receive it, It Is peace. and. most instructive homily to women of all grades; many such have been written, and read with tears, and heartfelt sympathy, and to Yet ev7,king.mind with-edificati- , - Wit T-Ta- " d, -- -- 