WOMAN'S EXPO NBNJ, 60 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT, is appointtd to. being the tenior lady present, preside. kt us anew." Prayer by Singing, "Come-Sister Lucy Russell. Sister Wcodrulf speaks of other Dlaces where thev held meetings and t transacted some hnsiness in the Interest of . the ' : T children. Thursday morning, Sept. 6, VitBidentB. R. 1 Snow Smith left the city cn a visit to Booi El-- , der Co., and to attend the Ladies Conference .. " E35JELISF. B. ratiiebed Mini WEIX, Editor. . monthly, in Salt Late City,, Utah for the Price of nine. Advertising n.0OTen"cbnIes ' Yatee: Each eqntre, ten lines ol nonpareil epace, one time $2per-moaUi- T $X4KLJl Uber&l4iiJConjit.-x- a regular advertisers.; ExrON'rxT Office, In brick building north of Z. C. M. I., East Temple Street." Business hours from 10 a. re. to 0 p. in. every day, except 8unday. J . T -l cornmrralcaUons to A'Wrren , A . I'ubllelwr "WomuTs ExrowBST, .Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, SEPTEMBER lu, a L. D 1883. The Ladies' Conference at Pruvo commenced August SO ult., at 10 a.m , InMhe meeting homo. Mrs. Zina Young Williams, President 'of Primary Associations of that Stake presiding. Mr. E. 8. Taylor and Mrs. H. M. Whitney of Bait Lake were prerent and addressed the ' Conference- - The Y. L. M. I. A. held their Conference in the afternoon and evenlcs, Mrs. Jsne H. Tan t E. S. Taylor addic?tfd ner pie?i iicg the mitring cn tutjtc pertaining to their jN tigress and advancement, urged them to live pure r As-sedati- : on -- : ay 1-- 5 con- - lt aim;," Mrs ." Mary Johns7X3buneIorr to Mrs. M. T. Bmdotjpreeid-inc- . Biatera Eliza R. Snow Smith end E. B. Wells were there to attend the meetings and ad- uresseu me sisiers ior a snore time alter the had been given from all parts of the county. These reports sho wed the Relief Society to ha in an exceedingly prosperous condition financially. And each of the local sister?, those who spoke, seamed to be growing and Improv ing in spiritual things. neces- In the afternoon Counselor John was t re-por- - Tuesday, Sept-- . 11, a epocial meeting of the P. A. of Ueion, 8. L. Co., was held. M. I. Home, Lydia Ana Weils and E. C. Clawson of this city were present. Bishop Fhllllps presided over the meeting, A. reorganization of the was effected. 7 Relief the of Union held Wednesday Society their annual meeting, Mrs. Elizabeth Richards presiding. Present from the city, Mrs. M. I. Horhe and Lire. M. W. Wiloox, both of whom ' addressed the meeting. Friday morning, Sept. II, Mrs. M. I. Home and Zina D. H. Young started for Sanpete to meet with the sisters of that Stake in their quarron-Saturd- : theame place at to-da- v. terly Conference at Ephraira and" 1G. and will visit Sunday, They probably Mint!) Mount Pios?aat and eomo other parti of the count v. .... August 31 the Relief Society Conferenca -- venedat - ": Pre-iden- of God. ' ' ; TWO BOOKS. -- Brother J. V. B. Jacobsen of Logan informs mo that he has the Agency for Utah Ter. fcr the eale cf books, entitled, ; l - It. Snow Smith preside i. Siatars Whitney, Taylor and Welle each made a few remarks, and then Sister Eliza E. B. Smith addressed the congregation on various subjects of importance. Sister Daniels maje some remark?, and was fol. lowed Bishops Johnson and Madden and Muther Duke. Daring tho afternoon Sister II. A. Bssbee, President of Utah County Silk gave an interesting account of the progress made in silk culture. Sisters E. S. Taylor and H. M. Whitney vlai ted all the : For the Exponent. ts . ... - "For Gjrtr-- " - - . ' ' --t -- ANU "HOW TO FEED THE BABY." b ave very carefully read specimen copie cf both, and find nothing Jn them but what might have been written by Latter-da- y Stints, and I heartily recommend them to every household nnt only as books to be read, but to bo studied and kept on hand for refer-eii- c' E. R. S. S. , 'f n, nts of Uth County south of Provo. hold-le- g at meetings Springvllle, Spantah Fork, TayEon, Santaquin and Goshen. They were absent nearly two weeks, and held e iLe wi.h in the cr.: meetings people On WednesdayHeptember 5, the Relief Scclt-t- y Conference of Summit Stake waa held at Kama?, Mrs. Mary J. Attwood presiding. Mrs. E. Uoward .from Salt- - Lake wua present and addressed the meeting. The Y. L. M. I. A. was held on the Q irsajvJtiieadJfrtei- ueai oi x , Li. m, J. A. ol Knmmit Htot-- , v. lag, Mrs. Howard giving .instructions. an J encouraging the young in the path of duty. Sept. 7 the Primary Conference was he!J. Mr Sa-le- m, twen-ty-on- Fslt r.nJ Salt Lake City, President of all - the -Primary Associations, waa present, and her remarks to the children were excellent and gladof ly received. Mre.Felt also accompanied Mre Lovlea Roundy, the President of the Associations of Summit Stake, to one Primary or two tolhUl:fcWrae i -. :- to day, contra TpptelahTcu tUnTfcurr pieces," a nd cachplecS" served to make a dumpling for a dinner, and so they had a good dinner each day for four days. Sister Pre send ja saw such time?; she has known the trials and hardships through which the Saints have passed, and now it is befitting that her aistera should h- nor and bless her as they do She has blest others all her Ufe, and to may she be blest and live yet many 'years ' " enjoy blessings upon this earth. Speeche. follow from Sisters McLean, 8. IV, Greene, Sanders, McAllister, Miaa VilateCole, Sisters Fanny Huntington, Fulmer, Minir, Yure, Pyper, Pall, Paul, Dr. E. II. Furguscn, ' Buchannan, Brockhold,M. Gray, A. J. Hawley, Rolfe, Harvey, Watmough, Emma Toone, Z. D. Young, S. E. Russell and Jj. G. Richards. All ask blessings of long continued life and happiness upon Sister Presendia; and testify to the great power with which she is gifted in call ing down the blessings of God upon others, in anointing and adminldtering; also of her kind and motherly disposition, her loving, sympathetic nature, her wise counsel to the weak and sorrowful, and her liberal heart and hands toward all needing. The sisters are requested to arlse. and Sister Zina takea the lead in offer-- " ing up petitions to the Almighty in behalf of several friends who are seriously afflicted, to which all unitedly responded Amen I " Sister Presendia maaes a . brief speech. Her heart is full of gratitude and blessings for her slaters, and thankfulness to God. He blesses her, she knows not how, only that she has what she needs In the time thereof. She blesses her sisters one and all, and hopes they are as happy as their presence, wi th the favor cf God, have made her this day. She 8iUdown, but is requested to take another seat. She arises to comply with this request, and as she is about to take the chair placed for her in the centre of the company, a large and handsome win ter cloak, appropriate to her position and age, la thrown and wrapped around her by Dr. Furgnson,the Instigator of the plot. (This la not superfluous, my dear readers, Sister Presendla had no comfortable winter -wrapper of any sort.) "This Is too much " said the "queen of the day," quite overcome. " Yes," responds one of her court, coming for ward for a kiss, "It is too much and too warm for you are to wear -- , theie times uB to her. This day when one fine apple was given c " - theMemmiouniilDg TuNfnve4tIoii wlta other similar evejnti.i-- ! zo Snow's, lay a t her bro titers, Apes tie Ijc "two "or three weeks. Si? t er z Alargaret IV Ycung accompanied - r3:ster"E. Rr S; S.to Brigham" ; --: ; City. L i Saturday and Sunday the Relief Society, Y. L. M.T. A, and Primary of Tooele County held their Conference at Tooele. Sisters E. Howard and Rachel R. Grant of this city attended and - had an interesting time- ,- The" meetings" were ' presided oyer by their respective presidents. Relief Society, Mrs. M. Ai Huntei: Y. L. M. I. A., Mrs. Ann Tate; Primary Ass'n, Mrs. Sarah b Hale. WOMEN'S MEETINGS. -- BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY. . to-da- y, It tho 73rd anniversary of the birth of our beloved and honored sister and mother in Israel, Presendia L. Kimball. A goodly number of the friends of this excellent lady have at her -ph f.i, quiet home in the 16 thgathered J Ward, as an ?.t v p ., lodgement of their appreciation of her won... hry como with cheerful, happy faces, their hearts full of bleeaingsand baskets of picnic. Sister Mary Gray takes charge of the ' bsskets and, with aids, arranges the tables pre-rurntcry to lunch. No dinner well arranged picnic, (according to thi .wrjtef- louuouuu wepariooKoi It ! not alone the ample repast which fc satiate-th-e appetite of the physical being, but the pleasant chat, the kindly feeling and expreed, the eeati ments whlclT are sure to find utterance,and the perfect freedom which exists around such tables thatnakes picnic dinners peculiar! ya.' en, We Dinner over, we repaired to the Bitting room, and there resolve into formal meeting, over which SMer Phcob, WooSft' i3 it next winter.-- ' Then Sister Woodruff says, it we all want to kiss "Aunt Presendia," to do so, and then we will dismiss. com-plimen- U soul-revivi- u her while the cloak r Perfect order la again establifehed. We sing, "Do what is right, let the consequence follow7 and are dismissed with prayer by Sister" E. Toone. L. G. R. Bali Like City, Sept. 7, 1853. j - FOREIGN EXHIBITION. to-da- y pmed So we all kiss is still around her, ' t- "Toe Foreign -- Exhibition Is, of coarse, the great attraction in Boston this year. the perseverance of Mi33--a- nd myself, and on account of being connected with the .Woman's Exponent and the courtesy of Mlsa Nellie Brightman, Assistant I had the extreme pleasure of beingSecretary, shown through the building, though at that time It was not completed and consequently not easy to be admitted Bndtr any circumstances whatever. Af--i 