W O MA N 8 would put some leather between the nails and the foot, instead of ou the top where, it diu no goou. a ne nigut-iviujuwtuuauuu for any trade, is to make an article well for lnnl-- Pfisft. nnd pomforL If we support trade, vvhy not say how things should be made, iIrAM: P.' dependent ofiashion? r" ; four lUtle daughters by making their dresses ana narrow iu Keep mciu too to thetoid? Would you rawer them exposing 'follow in the vortex of fashion than have a. d child, full, of life and- -. "." - healthy, . We hard- the ly read of a single authoress t during Middle Ages. In those days female education wa3 almost entirely neglected, except in rare instances. If women possessed.talent, they were compelled to hide . it. No-, female novelist worthy of the name appeared in England until the reign of George --- III. The lady who first- had -- the courage-t- o brave publ ic opinion was Frances" Burney, the friend of Garrick and Dr. Johnson. ' Miss Burneyremained-unmarrie- d until she is: was. nearly, forty- - years of dominant less exercise a to then supposed - power, but she, nevertheless, had the impru- dence to espouse Monsieur d'Arblay, a French refugee, whose income consisted only 100. The. of a precarious annuity of marriago hnweyer, proved a very happy one. Monsitjui hle Macaulay-descnb- es j- -i handsome a with, , icii, person oni oldier-lik- e some and taste for manners, letters." The pair did not suffer from poverty; the wife became the bread winner; and not very long after her marriage - her third novel,; "Camilla," was published, which she is said - to have realized over 3,000 guineas. Rome Journal. .. ' .. The First Female 'Novelist. ; for future 1 and also comfortable, to prepare usefulness and longevity; and take a course to 1 better the condition of the generation in which we live. : Mothers, wives of men who hold the keys to unlock the mysteries of eternity, why do we not comprehend the purposes of God concerning us, that our posterity should grow up as calves of the stall, perfectly developed, tsubject3 to carry out the ergreat designs of Jbrfh those noble spirits reserved to Wih-inconsideration of these things should hood, ne carried away by the fashions ot a ' cKeaworiarlt seems as though that is made to put on the body iseverything made for its destruction; shoes have to be made to the fashion, the heel not set where it should be, nor wie enough to stand on; the ankle is " twisted around, and sometimes almost dislocat-ethen another folly is invented, making shoe tops so high, and .lacing up-thfeet so is no chance for circulation or the Jhere r tight air: to get to the feet, which 13 quite for health; this is Chinese fashion, necessary to bind the do we feet, want to be stunted like up them? I will change the old maxim; give the feet plenty of air and keep them dry, and the head from cold, a cold generally commences in the head first, and then goes to the lung3. cold from too much Teething children-takcold air passing into their ears, causing many serious complaints Mothers, put a thin cap on their heads until their, heads are covered with sufficient hair, and lie their bibs with : flannel when they drool; and change often that their vitals do not get chilled; do not put shoes -- on them butsockswith : soles; these rules in save your child and Dress suffering. pain your little girls with waists, and let the weight be their" shoulders and not on the hips, whichupon is injurious; dress your bodies for comfort, and to ; K Wl TT.I WG I MRS; ROHflNm-BPRflTTrrflr- -observing dress-you'ma- Jromoi?ealth y . v xil reason a little on the. way-- : - dress " our feet; boots for men, and high shoes for women are very unhealthy; they confine stagnated air and dampness; slippers are best for ;tne house with a thick, warm stocking ."but as men anoV boys have to be in the wet it shrinks the leather; there should be elastic on the . Jt top 01 the mstftn. fn and make it easier to pull on and Jq.pt, get off. nd. yo shoemakers, do, I beseech you,' put an inside sole in bootsandjshoe8 to cover up we nails and In win-te- r are they cold, and in summer,iot and very uncomfortable to walk on all little grandson, told me to look at hfs as he those-persecuto- ra; $ hl ff thaUt S LTS did-when ? h,s b0t hurt.tim ? W d he had to on the !Vasllllte a 0re P Dr 4 OFFICE 15 GODBE, FiTIS COS BCILDWG. hours from a.m:o 6 p.m. Vardi 2d South Btitjj)gtth.jLD(JJ)ti. 10 untases ui A Upeciai AXienuon given ce I feTt into his boot, for such to put on those lUtle rdthlS so"yrand I almost & rdeffiea shoemaker. I thought I Knsf, OBSTETRICS AND DISEASES OF WOMEN. Telephonic Communication between Office and KesJdenc saut lake- - cirr. cipcuial Departments tor Gent's ClcthlD and Carpets, Ladies' and Children's ghoee, Dry Goods, Shawls and Domee t lea, roce rle, Hardware and Stoves. DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CUSSES MNTED. . ' True Manliness. Every young man considers it high praise to be called a "manly fellow;" and yet how many false ideas AGRICULTURAL ELLEN PHYSIGIAH ia mwk Physical Ktrpnorth rnt ha tncf ' o wb QomA j was endowed with tremendous bodily powers. xxe was a. grana specimen or See him rending the lion as he numanity.. would a kid, or carrying away the gates of Gaza! But was a weak creature after all, unable ; he to resist the wiles of an artful woman. Great intellect i3 .not the test of true manhood. Some of the most - men who have ever lived " were intellectual not Lord Francis Bacon was a "prodigy manly. of in- tellect. The sciences sat at his feet, hmf as their benefactor; yet we see extolling him led down Tower Hill, a prisoner, for swindling. Fast living is not true manliness. Some x men think that to strut; and pufT, and swear is to be manly. To some the essentials of manliness are to "toss ofF their , glass like a man," "spend money freely like a man," "smoke like a man" "drive a fast hprte likp a man," forgetting that virtue is true manliness. Temperance, chastity truthfulnessrfortiiude, and benevolence are the characteristics and essential, of manliness. To bo manly U to be honest, cencroua I brave, jioble anoT pur&- - in speech and life. The highest form of manliness is godliness. Some one has said, "an honest man is the noblest work of God," but the man who is honest toward God and toward his fellow-ma- n in: short a Christian man is the noblest work of God. John B. Gougfo WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALXiLS IS DRY GOODS, N O T I O N 8, GROCERIES, - HEAVY & SHELF. HARDWARE -"GLASS & QUEENS VV ARE, IMPLEMENTS, Ero. B. FERGUSON, AND SDRGEOH, and Residence on 2d South and ilh East Streets. Office . has Keen given to SURGERT, Special Study OF WOMEN, and Diseases of the A . , be Called by Telephons Day or Night. Can Home Hade Trnnka Of DISEASES THROAT AND LUNGS NOSE, ear Cl7TI.EIt, 44rent for the JOHN for Sale by PROVO WOOLEN MILLS, Balldlnri also HOME MADE Constitution Blankets, : Flannels, Shawls, Llnseys, ' . Jeans, Brown Tarns, White Yarns, Colored Yarns, Caseimers, Tweeds, '. C. Old Cotton Batting, Wool Battinx, ' Brooms, Washboards, Brushes, Etc, Etc , P. AUBRBACH & BRO. -- - 7 BM0ED ILA.VE CALL jggy " AND A:'-:- A. ; Sis. 124 TO THEIB NEV STORE, 1 & 126 EXAMINE Spring and Sn miner Goods. - &0J0U are going to keep a school?" said a young lady to her' maid aunt. "Well, for my part, sooner than do that -- would marry a widower with nine children." "I would that myself," was the quiet reply, "but prefer where is the widower?" between 2d ID A7ID JAMES FITTER. TINNER, OAS WATER &.STEAM - ' &T Agent for RUMSEyS celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short not loo. Orders from the country promptly responded to. XST Addne, DavtdJama, Box 306, Salt Lake City. H. DINWOODEY, WH0XJE&4LX AJTO BXXAII. DZALZB pint beds, wise mmim FEITBEBS IS I'M papebs J Ceel , iub EYE, EAR, NOSE AND THROAT, 80 where a nail had run into Twelfth 10 Office d; e WARD, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. 19th . -- : FACTORY, Ca . J e . Irt ."St.,S8t." 21 isl 31 ti. Kext Scsr Scuti cf W. Z. Swjer's. Men's Rocks, Ixuiifs' and CAiWrw' Stockings, Tnantt Knitted Shirt and Shoes, Isulies'and Children's Hoods, ele. Family Knitting done on lieasonable Terms. . -- -- ClilLt-EES- . , - st ' " ' SURGEON. and aud rcfeldcnc of theT)C6crct KatloRftJ Hank, and .half a Mock north, veft side of the strpst. 1 " ; SPKCIAL ATTEXIIOT GLIYEN TO' ; G3STITRICS A5D f ISSUES OF WOIES 1XD -- age,--Roman- Pf OOlce -- it" M. D.. E.-SIIIP- PHYSICIAN '. able to come to a knowledge of the tmthi Wnere snouia xne spirit oi uisuermucu, aUU mothers of Lat frmnrl Tricn nuuviu r w vumm if Tint,- in the we" Wind terdaySamt:"chndren? Why are and ignorant? And why will we follow in the J world's path to fashion? Do we not comprer hend truth enough .to lead to common sense ' to practices, and dress our children according But fwhat is for their good, and what is right? no, corsets must be put on our .little girls to teach them to lace their bodies to grow un- " natural. If we expect to have the spirittabernacled in the body, we ought to take a course MRS; ELLIS . ? - ; rosy-cheeke- EXPONENT 75, 77, & 79, First South Streo 8 ALT LAKE CITY' 