W0M THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor. EMJIELIXE B WEULS, AN' S . KX V 0 X K NT and Injured to be cared for and made comforta- -. Ida a they could nct.be in their own hemes. Tne money given was the proceeds of entertainments and parties, foir which the member cf the club worked with all diligence and enthu-slasmjealisi- Published semi-tnonthl- rr in- - flilt - Lake . Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 13, 1853. THE DE3ERET HOSPITAL. DESULTORY NOTES. We are often asked why there is not more In the Exponent concerning the Desefet Hoe-pita- l. To give definite particulars that the public might like to know would occupy considerable space, and wcu!d scaicely be of sufficient importance to give 83 large a share of ajvery small pap?r, which rlsplisbedln the interest of women generally, ' both young and old, and " not one particular organization or departmen t of either charity, industry, or politics. We may say, however, with all safety at thepres-,- . ent time, that thusTar the Dsseret Hospital has prospered, r With the many difficulties to sur mount that ever attend the establishing of an " t institution of this character, and, taking tho ";7 Tvhole inatterlh IdyclnIdeTation, it cannot but be said the ladies so far have done well. To . be sure they were mcst cf them inexperienced in hospital work, but tihiej. patience and perseverance accomplish wonders when the heart is interested, and certainly tho ladies of this city and adjacent cities and counties have manifested a true spirit of benevolence and liberality In beatowinc of their means, and a desire to help carry cn this enterprise, which is most praise-worth- y and admirable. There has been obstacles Jo encounter and emergencies to meet which were not anticipated in the beginning, . but such things are incidental in all departments of life and wotk, and therefore, scarcely need commenting upon. The people were appealed to for free donations to assist in furnishing and fittiEg up the building, and the res ponee was general from bothmen andwomen,---- 8 well and generous. A great many have feit very anxious to help forward tho institution by giving public enter-- i j talnments; perhaps, because they knew more of the needs of Euch an institution, and it is customary to aid in this way; and certainly it has been a great blessing and help to the Ilospltal, The proceeds of the concert given in the hrge Tabernacle last July, under the direction cf a very able Committee, Elder George Goddard, Chairman and general ,margerjofJhe affair, did considerable towards helping this in its Jncipiency. Since then a Primary Concert has been given in the Elevnth Ward in this city, and the proceeds handed over to the Hospital, 41, from the children, exceedingly good indeed for the little folks; of course, a great deal was due to 'the excellent; management of Mr. Louie Felt and- her associates in . getting up the entertainment. The Unity Club, which waa organized in November, 18S2, tiave made a donation of $500 (five hundred dollars) to the Dejeret Hoppital TT7 for the benefit cf that institution. It Is certainly most commendable in these ladies to work aad aid with material help, a place for the sick - -- as-pro- mpt on -- - -- ng attention. Every person must know what It is to go into an empty house and furnish it with everything for. comfort and conventeeandbe8ide8-the-furnishihgsleuc- h tfa trh as-fejpg- f when y the.Coa;anj'tt.mFjin.vthe.-lOth of jvril nexL However jib it Js we ; fetl satisfied all has been done that could Le during so short a time and with thebttteT'prejudices that have bet u arouse 1 and the antagonism that has grown up in conpequenco cf the. falWhooth . and mi?rej rcmifaticus f tho o who nrf sirous of miking pditieal capital, out of the Utah q :eslion. r v - MR. CAINE'S BILL. HonJobn T. Caine, on the 2'3th of last month, introduced the following bill into the House of Representatives: "A bill providing for the"election of certain officers in the Territory of Utah. "Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Representatives of the Unitel States of Amer-icIn Congress assembled, that at the election to be held in the Territory cf Utah on the flrt Monday ia August, 15S;, the qualified elestors of said Territory may vote, not only for mem-berof the legislative assembly and election .falls upon that day, but for all territorial, county, an J percinct officers In the same way and with the same effect as they might have dene cn the first Monday in August last, if tho commissioners appointed under the act f March 22nd, 1SS2, had not failed to appoint registration and election officers: Provided, that their terms cf tffice shall expire at the ?ame time they would have done had they'been elected on satd first Monday in meantime the duties August, 1832; and of the said offices shall continue to be performed by persons now holding said offices agreeably ' ose ln,-th- e to existing laws." The bill was read twice and referred to the committee on the judiciary and ordered printed, VOICE OF ONE OF THE POOR FE THE ' r: MALES OF UTAH. sNo man has the right to prescribe to another what shall ba " his religious belief, and the Latter-daSaints, who have added more to tho wealth of this nationthan any other class or colonists and populating, theeo barren wastes, being the majority in this Terriand as tory claim the right of : Judge Black said, at tbe close of his argument for Utah, (whose name we shall honor in . connection with others who have nobly plead the cause of the oppressed,) "Yoi have no authority to legislate about marriago in a Territory; the people of Utah have as good a right to thelr religion as you havo to yours." But if you, who profess to have gained so much greater light -- and wisdom, could show us a better way, or any better fruits cf true civilization, from ycur own domestic relations, we would ba willing to yield assume claims the point. But when a and power which are unconstitutional and try to force them upon m (hy means flatly prohibited" and "The right to say that the women of Utah, or the men of Utah, shall not exercise their religion as they may think it rigbt-an- d all 'proper, and that they shall be deprived of their political power in this country because of difentertainment of opinions upon this subject ferent from. their own," and "that women who are not found to be bigamists or polygamiste," or to have contracted this tie are to be disfranchised, and though we "Mormons" have never Infringed or violated the rights or claims of any y by-reclai- ming ul eelf-governmen- t, NO ADVERSE LEGISLATION. comparatively little has been accomplished, at Isast according ta the statements and dispatcliereciived. This the fact that the adverse legislationproposed by antl'Mormons has all failed. None of the bills proposing harsh or arbitrary measures having passed this session, notwithstanding all tho eloquence of famous senators WESted uron the matter. One point has certainly" been gained the seat has bren given tothedelegateof the people's party from this Territory. The bill presented by the Utah delegate, which wo publish in this issue, wasr certaiulylmor lvdbly received than the opponents cf Mormons'' would like. The memorial of the committee was a!so candidly considered and both the bill and the memorial are 4rach a3 can be recommended by ly-w- other.-ofTi-cera-wh- wo people can congratulate themselves upon e d efl til te nur s in a home, a hospital must have a dispensary supplied with medicines, and also instruments for operations of all kinds. In this respect the Deseret Hospital Is well fitted up. The instruments were purchased in New York City, and are of the very best material and manufacture. All the apartmen ts and wards are nea tly and su i tibly furn ished, : and the aeco m Od at bn s ar e such anhe" patient might enjoy in "a home, more than like an ordinary hospital. All the people employed there strive to make the house home-lik- e and its inmates happy. Services of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints are held in the reception room every Sunday afternoon, and the sacrament is ad minis teredomder the direction cf the Bishop of the WarcTand. his Counselors. T"he sick have the pri vilege of the mlministratlon of the Elders of the Church, which isTcerUinly an advantage and blessing to the suturing, which the Latter-da- y Saints can appreciate. The medical board ia ample for all emergencies. Dr. W. F. Anderson, the regular visiting surgeon,: has an established reputation as a physician, of more than a quarter of a century's Several lady standing in this community. phyJdan9are on th'e. visiting and -- consul ting board who are well and favorably known aa practitioners and a house surgeon, who, though a young lady, has already won laureb in the profession, and made hosts of friends in the calling she has Chosen. Congress has adjourned and r-r- a as are necessary for family use buc-cessf- i h lyih e a ble cause for an institution Just in its infancy, r struggllngfor permanent establishment. , For, years the sisters actively interested in the Relief Society in thfs Church have seen and ' felt deeply the need of a place of this kind, But where to obtain the means to found a hospital seemed to.be the difficulty in the v.ay of its accomplishment. There did not appear beforehand1at least in the minds of many, so . much apprehension about maintaining it were it once practically started. However, having undertaken this benevolent enterprise, the ladies of the Executive Board find that - it will require continuous application to meet the monthly expenses, as there are necessarily more patients that can only pay a small sum towards their care and treatment, than those who can pay in full the expense for board and medical ed. Th e wot k of t he Cuijitltutbna! CommltW having been f!n shed fCr-- he prcttit"Tio"nthey have returned home, and we shall proba- , thejwer City,-Ut- ah Terms: One copy one year, S3. 00; one copy six months $1.00 .Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square,, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $20: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount" to, ffegnlar ftdTertlsers. "" Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, Soath Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday; Address ail business commniilcations to . A rnblisher "Woman's Expohett, the people, in whtss interest they were present , ' . -- ' 