N'S WO MA - - pounding the truths of Mo'rmonism. I real- izea raqre iuuu ever my uepenuenee upon juroa, You cannot realize, without being among theffj, the feelings of the world towards U3 as a"peo- - t ; XV ON E NT E 47 number of poor-- and aged in this ward who edge nnlf arfe Our. means is increasing, therefore we 6 wl n ack : edgejn Ireful esiing56f;-ouHeavenly" .... v r Father; ' - May. every Relief Society throughout the laud of Zion, prosper, and fulfill the charitable duties ulevolving. upon all, and let wisdom be one of the counselors in each is my. sincere r from Utah with a pleasant countenance. They ""leehiTo have the impression that we are sad and Oppressed. .1 advised them to come and : Fee t he cheerful, noble spirits we have here. I took a great many of our hooks and cards with. me, and offered them to any that would like to ' .read them. Some took them to read, but said they did not expect to be converted. I enjoyed myself very much with the aged, and many shed tears at parting with me. Conference adjourned till 2 p.m. Prayer bv " Mother Duke.: : ; ';: Afternoon session commenced as usual with singing and prayer. A few of the presid en ts gave. reports ofheir societies, after which Sis- tier E. K. S. Smith spoke for a short time: Said, X often think we underrate ourselves considering the great work we are called upon to perform, to assist in the salvation of the living and the dead; to lift the curse that was placed upon woman and bring her back to her originaJj)os- - ; -- :. prayer-.- : . ' ' -- "." ". : Tour sister in the Gospel, A. IC K. o : turn back Into the presence of our Father and become.joint heirs with Jesus Christ, Can we have comprehend it? How many of us faith enough to receive our dead to life again, or to go into a fiery furnace? : vLet us keep our standing and duties before us and we will be prepared for anything. Let our enemies do their worst," they cannot do more than God will let them. There will be a time when the sinner in Zion will tremble. The priesthood has been greatly benefitted by these societies. They help the poor in spirit as well as in means; by and by there will be no poor aracng us. Now we have another. Temple open and the spirits in prison are rejoiciug. Let us do an eye single to.the glory of : everything ' with -" God. ... :; Sister Home made further remarks, on housekeeping and good cooking. Said we want to learn all. things. Teach your children them to run at large; allow not order; dp teach them good "manners, and to be truthful and respectful, and cultivate their hearts at home. The younger you commence the betWhat nobler work for mothers? ter We do not realize thi3 as we should. Do teach them the ways of the Lord. Lay the foundation that they may grow up strong minded and fearless in everything that is right; set good is no bl e w ho examples b efore them. A., woman i i mates home dear to her children be awake to your duties. Teach your children to vote when they are old enough, and to esteem the not say alHs ivell in ZionT rprivilege.Let-u- s It is tim.e that we arouse ourselves. Let us never betray our trusts, but be true, that we may inherit eternal life. Conference adjourned for three months. Benediction by L. W. Kimball. C. Daniels, Secretary. to-da- ; . y Editor Exponent:. 1 1 ..1 1 1 manti, south ward. Editop. Exponent: The Relief Society of .this ward was organized February 2nd, ; 1882, with Sister Elizabeth Casto as President, Sisters Maria Jenson and Sarah Jane Lowry, Counselors, ;who are exemplary women, with the Gospel at the bottom of their hearts, and ever ready to strengthen the weak. They assist the bishop to take care of the poor and lend a helping hand to the sick and afflicted. We have also a number of: good sisters who are Willing to act as teachers, and we have no trouble to get them. They all realize that it is" a noble mission in which they are engaged. We have quite a few lines about the way in whi chr tire t rut h came to me and how I received it. I had never seen a Mormon in my life that I knew to be one. My sister had, twenty-seve- n .years ago, in Australia, received the truth with her husband and seven children, six sons aud one daughter. They " had gone to Utah and for years we heard but little of them. My sistep and-tolme she-ha- d . wrote embraced the Mor-- " mon faith, saying it was the true GospcL It seemed all so strange to me. I took the trouble to inquire into it, feeling she must "be deceived. For years I lost sight of her and her : -- ' - . I can remember I had a desire to know, serve and obey the living and true God; with all my heart I longed, to find Him. I tried the Wesleyan Church, I also sought the Lord in private prayer, and had many answers to my prayers. The Lord ofteii seemed very near to me. I tried, to walk before him blameless; - watched professing Christians; sought the advise of ministers; all told me to believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and I should be saved. I did believe; I thought I was saved. Who was I to pray to, I asked, the Father, tlie Son, -- or the Holy Spirit? Oh! to either, it was all the same, 1 was told. After a while I got somewhat disgusted with it all and left the Wesleyan church, and for years wandered without anyguidance in the way to heaven. I had visions and dreams, enjoyed much of the influence of the unseen-worlNo one seemed to understand me. One lady said I was very mythical, but in secret I cried, "Lead md to the true and living God' Years passed in this way. I had given myself so entirely to the true and living God, and trusted Him to make all things right, and did 1 -- . . The thought came to me to write you a family. As long as ; -- . . ri : I 1 d " . : A NEW CONVERT. - 1 These yearsr' The Mormon doctrine was an- r ...... j . other thing. Ti . . l r .i otuer. tie nsd come. iave one witnout the nnt sm mnpfi tn awl hi - A"nnf'."Pjinn.v-- - n in cor the truth before' her. I could see he had come for this pu rpose. Not to listen would be to - condemn, not only him, but tiie Chlirch he ; came Iq represent, unheard, and this, I knew, would not be wise or kind. All wanted on earth was to, do the will of the Almighty. 1 lifted my heart to ..Him to. be kept, and sat . . r i 1! . iywii 10 nsien to my iuormon nepnew; It was. a wonderful story. 1 was taken by surprise, as he, with the Bible in his hand, showed so plain that alMhe Christian churches were i n eon fusiorn ihadofteir wnndprH if Christ would find His bride la"thechurches on the earth, as they said lie would when He came again. The Holy Spirit was with'nie as the Mormon Elder told it all out, putting it the other way about, faith in God, repentancc1,-baptisfor the remissiou of sms, laying on of hands for the gilt of the Holy Ghost. It all Hashed is me. said to mvi upon .. . . . . Tt Scripture,"! 1 saw should have to give up; I knew sell, and from that hour "that I must become a Latter-daSaiut, abated Mormon; because the Lord must have His way; I had settled that long ago, that what the Lord made plain to me in that I would obey Him. Little did I think -- -- n n tno cert f 1 n riarr i r r 4rr Awf U Atvo j tX!XA iKJ UCQiCb 111 iULAiJlUg cue cai til UiiU. lift it to its former place near to the home of pur Father,, Never has - woman occupied-simpbrtant a position to purify ourselves to re- !" I . , " 4 i 1111 hadt heard so much, at thci time president of the London; Confer present 1 was pleased to see him, and to hear ence.) n t t i ties of life. I nephew, of whom d. not dojubtut Suddenly I heard that one of my sister's sons was in England on a mission. What did it Do the MormonsnseFd nieaii?T askel-mysel- f. out their messengers to England to preach? What does it all mean F or months I heard of him and his .work. Some warned me of him, others simply told me abpuj; hi3 work; one said, "He is very busy among u." All summer; passed in this way. One, day a letter came from my brother saying my nephew, who had warned me of my Mormon nephew, was won over and had been baptised into the Church of Jesu3 Christ of Latter-daSaints. This I could not understand, as he belonged to the Plymouth Brethren. I really knew not what to think. Not having replied to his letter of warning I took the opportunity-t- o write and ask him.' His answer was, yes, dear auni,it is true that I am baptized into the Saints. Church of 'Jesus Christ of Latter-daHe went on to say, believe nothing of these people but what they say themselves. Th is was wocse and worse. Must they sound their own trumpet? I thought my nej)hew must be beside himself to talk in this way. One day I was told that Mr. Nye wanted to see me. (The same Mr. Nye was my Mormon y y . . I m ... y He was leading me "through this gate of bap-t.tisinto the Mormon Church,'but so it was. m I praise His Holy name. One difficulty after another was cleared away by the Lord's that in my innermost soul I gave waV-No-t so outwardly; I must search' and prove the doctrine before acknowledging it 'was from God. I must confess 1 shrank from the change'' that it was plain to me must take place; so I set myself" prayerfully to investigate to see if : . , :.. i -i ii .luusi,. luuceui' strfiug nuii ii uhj Hiiue. uy ijjo Spirit,- - givea iir answer to light of the - Holy ' prayer, it must. A corresponleuce between us lasted some weeks, then i could "hold out no longer, and really did not wish to hald out longer. Question after question had been put answered to my satisfaction.- My patient and i instructor, the. Mormon Elder, had met the longing of the depths cd'myjnmosi;soul, up for years. I wrote freely, not dreaming any one but my nephew saw whatT; wrote; it was best so,at least I think full pouring so, had I thought otherwise-th- e out of my inmost thoughts would have been withheld, which- - would not have brought so rich a blessing. So, dear madam, it came to pass that I" was baptized in the Serpentine, London; on the 2Gth day of January, .1883, ; and was confirmed the day following by the. laying on of hands.. The warm feeling of four hands on ray head came in itself as a comforter tome. The sisters gathered round me afterwards, said what a rich blessing mine was; I was , highly favored, they said; I could only remember the words, "May you be filled with the Holy Sp; 'it from the crown of pur head f to, the soles your feet." It waenough;dt was the wit a tome that all was right, being the one thing I lesiredabove all others, to bo filled with the Spirit of the living God. What a change came over me from that hour. I felt let into a large room. I had over the wall, but had gone in by the where I might find door into the sheep-fold,- , pasture; and in humbling myself belore tin? Lord and obeying His laws through inI find life abounding, knywh.-dgcreasing on every side At first the Priesthood was a little trouble tome. I failed to see its use. I had always been a little prejudiced against young ministers from college. VYbat could they know? They nies-senge- v - : not-climbe- the-Church- e r, 