urn A. ft The RiglitB cf ;tlie: Women of TOTEA'RLT i.u:c;iiTJ:n or i.our.s.o w. nif if u;t ( " f:i. r ' lb, glorified Misfortune Alas! for the Only those heart with the parting and pain. .' . iJLl grant it, indeed, that these sorrowful mourners May prove that lor good our afflictions arc givtn; : ' even transient i ojourntTE-;. We're here but. To morrow you'll meet with the lov'd ones in heaven. To tho sweet", tender bud from the tree now trans' . planted We ofl'er this tribute of pity sincere; Not for thee is tho boon that to many is granted,- ""'The protection and love of a father 'so dear. May the angels of mercy be charg'd to.attendXbce-- , May your sorrow boar fruit ofJJiqvdestJdnd;--- God " " - orllie To tboioro FalTIe7of"aTr' we commend thee, In whomcv'ry orphap a J'arent can iind. you mourn for the father, .whose name you can honor, His Iofs to your mother you never will know; May yourjove be'a light thatlvy ill sMnedoWn upon htr, And comfort her heart in despite of her woe. Vv'hile ' For etircJy our children can comfort or gi ieve us than anyone else in tho whole world beside; If of long cherlsh'd hopes by their deeds they bereaveMore ! - - l)y-nie- '.to-da- n a m hey-tlotn-g- ; iier case,making j you please; who ever heard of any one worshiping God by believing and not acting or speaking. Under a monarchial government England protects her subjects and also foreigners in their religious worship; while the represent-- atives of a republican government are disfranchising and oppressing, and have failed to pro.: tect a portion of its citizens in their constitutional rights.' It h .said that history rejeats-itself- . When the iron heel of oppression,under the monarchy of the old world, stood upon the g neck of our Puritan Fathers, insomuch that their souls thirsted for freedom; tbey not only braved danger in crossing the mighty deep, but suffered privation and danger from the., red men of the forest, but laid down their lives for that most sacred heaven-bor- .... boon, liberty. Dili not our mothers share m those perils and dangers? Did they not feel the patriotic fire of freedom burning in their inmost souls, in spiring them with courage to exclaim, on, on, to victory? 2sow, we would ask the learned philosopher of the nineteenth" century, what has been done bv the party in power to ele vate women? What has been thepojiujar i ve to woman s teach i ng-o- fto meddle with refined sphere?., Oh, she is too politics; it is not necessary for her 'to know anything about the law; it is very unpopular to go to the polls and vote. and not. lady-lik- e What i3 the result? Where are our statesmen and patriots? Havq4hey been regenerathe Conting and progressing since 'TG'Read gressional Records from the- day that Cullom BilUviolated the spirit and letter of the Constitution, that same, spirit is .prevailing in the hearts of somjjijenaioj letatlves'torojestroy the original letter: and meaning of the Constitution, yhich is more sacred and dear to every American citizen than " E Pluribus Unum. life itself. . Dr. Wr Hammond has failed to produce-anphysiological reasoning why women should not exercise the right of franchise, and become educated pertaining to the laws and politics of the nation. Now, as we belong to that unfortunate class whose brain is deficient in weight, we would like to ask the learned philosopher whether the superior intellect consists in the quantity or quality. This learned anatomist further asserts that the governing power of the world is to be found in the brain qQheraafcL-AVhe- re shall we go to fmir pTeceflent, not in our own dear native land of liberty, but back to the old monarchiabgovernments ofEurope. We' learn from history that queensbave often excelled kings in the administration of civil government, not from a superior power of reason or intellect, but from a clearer moral sense of justice. : . It has been said that Isabella I. was the greatest and noblest ruler that has eyer governed Spain, because she sought to do right. Theresa Maria, with, a - very - limited educa-- " kon,wastbe wisest and best sovereign who has held sway over Germany, becuase she'labored for the good of those she governed. "What is y - For tho truth may you seek, yea; and find tho refrer-hin' ' waters of life a3 they flow from above. May your life and your labors bo truly a blessing To the Kingdom of God and .the friends .whom yon love. Emily Hill Woop?jasski:. WOMEN IN POLITICS. : n . n - .... . -- he-past-T- Clati OnIE VEXED UJ'iOJ JUiN. mm... been takeiriyy tfie Executi ve Coinmi itcd r.f: f 1,1 New. Y Qrk StateAVoman Sufrrage Association on the proposal of Senator Edmunds, to dei ,wrarijie - . Vf . 'Twould indeed have- been better if early they'd died. The name that you bear is both honor'd and hoary, 'Tis known and respected at home and abroad; Oh! be not the one to diminish its --glor.v, ....... Nortum from the path thai your fathers have trod. rro t . :.. dead are the fortunate onlyand sorrow no more will they know: living, the loving and lonely who have euirer'il can' 'fathom therwoei. "to-day,- A FEW THOUGHTS d : Tho 188-- " How strong are tho ties twecn the dearest and truest, twairrr- How rutb!ysjealh3ji,cji When we sense that some loved one can never ccme to How crushed is tho AX UK AY rjf Victoria l tate-an- infant ,) of Ent'land. Her refined graceftilpropriety of manner,' cuuple I with her superior inteJIect ha caused vice an :f iiiy to retire' abashed from her. majesty 'lis j And; saWUlmti sceptre parses into the hands of a woman. Compare the, reign of this noble woman with that of the kings who, preceded . her, and see if her success' as- a ruler for the rJ'ast fuf tyHli ree . years will not en cou rage'lhose who are deficient "in. weidit of intellect to cul tivate that organ, the brain.. It'i.s am KliijAVlcdCre nal .1 kltlyJiMinin rvrei fhat "England would have been involved in blood shed and war. Compare the administration of the government of the United States with that of England with that acredin4rn-vienf- , the Declaration of Independence, to: out the way, and it should be to the polipoint tician what the compass 'u to the- marinerjit sea; and wh ile this heaven-borboon of free-doheld sacred and inviolate the adminyras istrators were blessed with, wisdom and peace, throughout the land.' 4wt-- re t in xVngf eso ay Meritibills in violation of t he' Constitung stringent tion to o) press and destroy that portion of its ku)je&a that worship God according to the dic- tates of their own conscience. How long will jfree-6qr- n American citizens stand silently by " and raise their voices against such pro" ceedings; we declare to the world that we claim and assert our constitutional rights; not" changing the meaning of the clause in the Constitution as the Supreme Court did in the Kev-nd- s ;ui-- 1 Biguts of tlie Womeir of ail Nations SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH,' "JS. Vol. .Zicpd Abe iiL U rcrt fl7.fi 1 prive the ladies of Utah of franchise. This i Jiighly commendable and much' more saint-lik- e - t.ian the 'course advocated by him and others win) are .DecmnigcranKy: upon .'th is ;?,jI.ormbn, "HVife question ;at least, when undertaking to solve 'hat they term "a problem ," which does not .exist, only in, their imagination." We would like to ask some of the proud ladies of our Christian land, whose squeamishness over ' this plural. order causes them "to turn up their eyes in such holy horror, and their lips with scorn and contempt at .the na.n;e of "Mormon." and. also those who would advocate the extreme- nation remedy proposed by some of their Christian divines and lady lecturers, who like Mrs. Newman would like" to see all "Mormon" wo-- . men disfranchised, and feel themselves justified " in so doing, and sending circular letters to all countries 'from whence the "Mormons" draw their converts, describing the horrors of polygamy in Utah, at the same time professing, for us such charity, do they fully realize, were they to accomplish their ends, the great amount of suffering, the weeping, the wailing and utter desolation that this would - bring to the hearts of the widow " and the fatherless, whose cries would ascend up daily and hourly to Him .who has promised to be their Father, until He WOUld arongo tLora of ihalr wranfft? Uo any - of them suppose for a moment that the women of Utah would be such fools as to leave homes, where they are called by the honored namo of wife, and their children acknowledged as law-fheirs to the father's name and estate, to work iii" their establishments to earn their daily bread?... palpable ignorance is exhibited by such. It makes one laugh it sounds so ludicrous. The idea ot the ones who desire making their escape from this Territory to do so by an underground railroad. Why one might suppose that Mr. Newman had been asleep as long as old Rip Van Winkle, and we feel to pity him, wTe do indeed; and all the rest of them, and were we not the most .charitable people in the world we should despise thera for.their ig norance, their superstition and slavish subjec- : tion to the current of Tpbpular opmiOn and popular sentiment. But we assure such that we are laboring for their enlightenment and their elevation in the scale oi manhood. And would that they ?could see their own situation, and realize that the most alarming and crying evils of the day the twin relic if they please- ; '- . ui What , yhjchJiasa-uUerl- y d nearer home than Utah. We think it high time that some effective and lasting remedy, should be administered instead oflegalizing the crimes of political theft and prostitution letting the harlot, the fornicator, the adulterer and the murderer of innocents go "scot free,"" instead of fighting an imaginary evil which has borne no such fruits. These are some of theommonlfsagslland customs among those souls who preach morality and go into occasional spasms over the marrying theses --propensi ty-- of trample them under foot, also the constitution, and every law and principle of our government, which we were taught from our earliest But childhood to loveandrevere -se- lf-righteous . "Mormons,"" 'will-they- - -- 