V H: VMA N P 1) N E K N T jjf lull JtiUy, UicEixili, and thMU cSssliyl f Ihe; rZc.bljiien had aIreadytitmb?ej,rzThe meBto: "Vava very iutereHin Insir acted in the jirincffJca he to the I'ecvivibg Holy Spirit preserve and a a eafegard influencea etrii from them' cuni; beia -- meetings in the SUke had been Uvs-pelau- S&US Editor. fi. emi-montii!- y, -- riesf!2ich's ;uare, 'ten lines ; of ' nonpareil c-- f space, one time, $2.50: par. month, $3. 00. ; '$ regular adYertisers. : :. j '. I 11. r,xwSt;3rTrffice, la brick ,ldtogjiorpJC. a. m. to Temple Street. Business boare from U ist . 5 p. m. day, except Sunday, I., avry .. , , Address all business communications to Publisher Woman's" ExrcinrST, i-- '--- ' ' -- 8ALT LAKE ' Salt take City Utah. CITY," CCIOBEK . 18S4. VISIT TO THE CO0NTRY. In company with Sister Eliza R. S. Smith Wo left the city ori the sou fehefn. railway train Thursday morning, September 11th. AtProvo Bisters M7 A. Hyde and M. W. Snow jned our phi w estopped Icrg enough to pariy. At dine.with Sister PItchfortb, tbei tooS Fanpete - - cc--cu- pied . Valley Riil wyJor 'FcuntairwejirlVreiwe, were racs t bes pi t a b !y wtlacnit-- And euter tallied at Bishop Johnsyn'3, Friday morning at ten o'clock the Relief So. ciety Conference of that Stake convened in the new brick m eetlng-- h ouse , His t e r Mr A7'Hyjle rpresidtagPfeak a carriage load of ladies, had come from Eph-raii- n to attend the sisters' Ccnfeience, There were a great many brethren present, and the reports of the aisters from the different places plainly showed that the Relic Society in that county waa in a flourishing erudition, and the Btstera wcie doing a very excellent woik; thy have given a great deal towards the Manti Temple, and are not weary in well doing. They, have considerable money donated ,for a wcolen factory, and the Bite has been selected, The jjsteraiof Fountain Green famished the money to buy the glass for their new meeting house. Indeed it la wonderful how much has been ac eompllshed ty the Relief Society fhi that one Stake. The "meeting was addressed by Sisters Jaco Ann Bmn of Fayette, Caroline Madsch Mt. Pleasant, followed by Sister Ellia R. 8. who gave much gcoJ advice, and re. viewed the work which bsd been accomplished by the Relief, Society beginning without means. She encouraged the sisters to persevere, to take care of the poor, and urged them to live near to the Lord. Pr. at. Peterson made some very pleasing and interesting remarks, illustrating what she aid by very happy comparisons, which are always' impressive. Sister Hyde spoke in praise of the BrJgham. J&mng-oademyran remark?. r rr"TTi: rTTj"" The afternoon meeting was addreEsed by Coun. Ba rah Ann Peterson, who dwelt upon the Btcringof grain, and told what had been accomplished In that direction by gleaning, and also fcpeke ofjLhe exertions mad to huild the woolen mill, and referred to. other important labors in which she vas inter ea let. Sia'e'r Polly Ann Johnson of Fountain Green made a few remarks in regard to the Work of the cistern there, and spoke of her long and varied experience in the Church Sister M. W. Snow of St. George c cupied a short time iu speaking upon spirituil things; referred to the days of the Prophet Joseph and the priociple of plural marriage. 8Iater ; - ;' ; -- E. B Wei la spoke uponthe subJectB cf education and cultivation cf talent. Sister Eliza R. S. Smith spoke on the growth ed corned. the Soii y School, and also Sabfeath eervces at 2 p m. Elder John Chase preached an excellent dlf course. In the evening there was a meeting of the young people, and the hbuso was crowded; Mrs. A. M. Hardy presided. Monday morning drove oyer to Mt. Pleasant, where a general meeting was appointed for eleven a m and Primary at hilf past three p m. We dined at Bishop Madsen, and the same evening we' drove to Spring City, where a general meeting was held In the evening at : Heven. Tuea day morning drove to. Eph,raim, acsom-panie- d by Biehop Allred and Counselor Larsen and several ladieo. Dined at Prest. Peterson's, met with the Relief Society at two and Primary at half past four p.m., remaining there alt night, and spending a very pleasant evening with 1 al-rea- tiy n y . ' t-- , 1TE iI3 OF RELIEF ROdETY CON-- T FEltENCE. '1 . 1 A c " In the evsuir-q- the young men of the brass band came to Bhop Johnson to eerenady the ladie?, and were Invited in tojartaku of refresh-- . menU; played some popular mu3io very credit- - ' abJy, wolch was quite enlivening. Sister El za, T inbebalf cf the ladles, made a few "remsTs," thanking them for the courtesy. The conferee ca cf the Y. L. "M. I. A. cf the y Stake was held Saturday morning, yeptember 13, Miss Helen Armstrong prea'ding; reports were givth. by the young Jaoy presidents in a ; trief jaml comp: ehensi ve manner, which was very creditable. The" youug girU at Moroni c.ncerning a fair held by tbtmtwhichr thty had cieaied quite a little sum of money towards starting a library. They had four quilta to donate-t- o the I)e3otH?spittIrAfter a few" remarks from the president, Miss Armstrong, Sitter Eliza delivered a most excellent aJdrtSj to the ycung, in which she included everything young girls should learn, and gave them mother-J- y advice to guide them in after Jifej after which the remainder of the time wbs taken up by" the other visiting sistere, , In the afternoon the Primary Assodatiun met-. in conference, Mrs. Hannah' Ccllard presldiLg. There were 130 children present. ExeicUep and recitations were well rendered. Some remarka wer9 made by Sister Heywood of Chester, Sis. ter Eliza B. and others. At tireeoxi ciu&ion conference ftdourned for three mentis, The same evenicg we drove to Bishop Lrons' at Moroni, where we were mcst heartily wel . teres tin the organization?.' We returned toEph-raiand remained at Prest. Peteraon's over night. Thursday. morning early drovetover to WaJes; and tco the train for TNtphi, where we arrlvod barely in time ' to fill an appointment to meet with the Relief Society. The meeting had commerjCe'd in the meeting hoaeey which was well filled, Sister Mary Pitchforth preeidiDg. " Sister Eliza addressed the congregation upori the duties and privileges, es well as LbprB devoiviEg-upoLatter-daSaints, and exhorted ail to'dlli-genc- e and faithfplnees. Blsteri Wells and Snow each spoke a few minutes. This wa, cur last meeting on cur viiit south. We dined at Jiro.: Bryant with several. cf the brethren and sisters of Nephi. We ei joyed ourselves very mnqh while abient, and Feel very grateful tq all whp jeo kindly entertained ua "while traveling in the interest cf the L. D. P. women's aiisoclations, and we reached home Thursday evening, September 1 8 tii, injx cellen health and spirits, and very grateful that Sisters Eliza at eighty years of age had eDjoyed th journey so well, and had been able to steak in every cna of the sister'd meetings. ; ; re-porl- di m . A liberal discount to nurmr-oiUlyttende- antl many brethren had taken pains to be preeeui. The Bishops showed every attention to the fiAtera, conveying 7 thejT party from place' 0 place, and manifesting an ia. agsluat temptation aud dcubt. I'urred par ticfjbrly to goyernmtnt auvl dlte'pliuo In the training of children and to the correct cultiva. tjou jhe.consciiuee;; though t mothers should have the highest aud best possible education. Prea'. Peterson andBJhybrgenson each tcr w tikis tetinl" la 'Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: ce copy ona year, "$3. 00 one copy six nontns $1.00 Ten copies tor the price 01 cine. Adverfis&g PaUislid veVy Prest. Peterson and his amiable family. . Wednesday morning tae party drove over to Mant, where a geni ral meeting had been ap. pointed at eleven. Dined at Bro.' AVarebam'?, and then went to visit theTemplajBro.' Folsom, -Ma! ben, who re th0"Teitccl7ftnC''.' sides there, took great pains to take the parfy through the building and expliin i t. ' This Temple being tarlH In the mountain and .exalted above the hills gives it, to one tinctured with sublime idea?, a sort" of Scriptural Bignifl-cancand one eannot decrite in words the feeling of enthusiasm and. a we it inspires la the soul. It is a grand and magnificent structure, and ona that will "attract Ihegize and wonder-in- g eye3 of. all that worship gloriously." After returning from tha Temple we weat direct to the meeting house to the Primary, where the ' e, The Relief S)cloty Cjnferenca of th la Stake of Z!on waa held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, September 19, commencing at 10 a.m., Mrs. M." Isabelfa Horne presiding. Opened "by singing, "Let Zion. In her. beauty rise." Prayer by Counselor E.S. Taylor. Sing-IncO, 8ay what ia truth' etc. President Heme made a few opening remarks, and Mrs. E. B. Wella read the reports from the several branches in tha city and country, also the complete report of all, after which Mrs. N. Hyde and Mrs. Presendia L. Kimball each made a few Jntereatiug and spiritual remarks. Preaident Home spoke to the Secretaries about having correct xe port a In time for the " Stake. Coiaference, and stated that Sisters E. S.Taylor and S. M. Kimball would give the Lecesaary instruction on some general meeting day, to tha Secretaries, to aid them in making out, their reports. Conference aojourned until: 2 p.m. 8iDgingr "Lord dismiss u with thy blessing." Prayer by Mrs. M. W. Wilcox. Afternoon 883sUitt opened with singing, "The' time ia far ipen t," etc. Prayer by B. W. Smith. Mrs. M. A. E. . S Inginp, "Hark, ye mortals.'' Watmbugjexjnejla plecS3i)f needle work she- had there on exhibition. It represented Joseph relating hia dream to hia father and mother; shs was over seventy years cf age when abe commenced It, end had worked it expressly for the Logan Temple. The meeting wa3 addressed by Mrs B. W. ' Smith; Mrs. MrE. ton and Mrs.. Rebecca Jones. Esch apoke a short time glvingrgood counsel lelating itema cf and exhorting 'the sisters to diligence, v faithfulness and good works. ' Mrs. Annie T. Smoat spoWe to the mothers upon the training of children, aiid ga ve good, sound practicil advice; urged them to send the " children to the Primary. Mrs. S. M. Kimball made some very pertinent remarks, and Epake of the conference the had attended a few; days before in Ogden, and said a great many bishops attended it, the President of the Stake and many other brethren; there r, Ma-rin- Semi-Aunu- al xtiilh-- ca 1 -- . ( da 