WOMAN .170 ..J' ". -- L. - ,. - - . witlrthe informatt'W; that Bro, Emmet's w re thirty miles Tbelo.w the Bhiln on in work upon hi :n as deh:dl until ! began to investigate, 'when 1 bceamealarmed lest it should be true. Then "what should I do? Must un all hindrul, friends, society nndlhe-eemfbrtoi' life' This' seemed '. to b3 vHfeTBerifice; requircd,nVP:wdiKdi I cheerfully aceepted, and,., have ever 'been thankful 'to-b- linked VimiicTi.d uil.i,th?Thluhou:ol:Uwi.' there the river, and h:i'd.takei-- jobs of 'order to get provisions to prosecute their jour-lieHe alsc) said that twelve wagons, "Mormons," lial come up from St. Louis, and that. v a U. S. oflicer. had told them that he was order- "cdto prohibit nil suspicious persons from cross- hiniing thnf the fprnmns,'- were t in person; meant. We were lict able t tart i'i',i:i v, .till marly noon, having to build another bridge. Early in the morning father called the peojde of th'c camp together and, selected tventy-fivmen to Lro to work at the bridge. ITesident Young and Bishop Miller also assieJ; they .. ot were ( n camped within a : v; ,o ; olip, ' are. ' . llarkiiesrreee'Ues ". ,t - iiiidimLsoifr " : " ' : . iioue .to-da- y f-a- -s ' farther. fhen will lie sanctify His children, and "make tlie wrath of man to praise Him.,' There may be so my who think they are doing God's service, but it is said, "There is a way which scemeth right unto - man, but the end thereof is death." Oh! that men, and women too, would consider before they enter such a perilous barque and make shipwreck of their souls, for it is a fearful thing to measure arms with the AlX mighty. ;."'...' God bless our brethren who are laboring so faithfully for the yood of Zion; and our sisters are not idle, all are anxious to win souls y a knowledge of the truth as it is in Jesus: Amen. M. A. P. Hyde. '"' 1 i V .:- tt'Q- : - ' -- OUU TRAVELS BE VON D THE MISSISSIPPI. .. ".'-:- ;.. " e halt-breed- am . and on asoimding the opposite hill saw that Prt.dJent B. Youuglhad.not yet started, so our' .jpaiiyqult had got out of the T tiiHlraFTeliinT way, when we went on, which they had just ' built'.' eroding the bri-lg"This," Horace says, "like the one. at the "SkpitTg Pock," had no other foundation than-ll- o ilvood." . NVe passed through the timber, and after u small bottom and ascending a hill on crossing the opposite side of the river, there we saw a grave, which was covered with logs laid up in an oblong form and about three feet high, something like a log building. The stream we crossed was called by the Indians the "XiJdnie Ve" were told that the JJytany Kun." grave saw waa that of one of thevbrethren i:i I5ro'-' Vrright'.- comp:my.. We sto'pjicd again about Jhiou and baited our cattle while waiting for a bridge to be lini.died, and i camped thatnight ou a "divide" near timber, with quite a large creek on one side and a branch of the same on tlie other. Here we met Bro. Cumrhings, who had come from Council Bluffs' the day before, - . . , 3 . bridge we then started the weather sultry We stopped about, two o'clock p.m., Ixiited our' cattle, and had to drive them. about a mile to water, in fact, there has been so much dry weather and so little rain, in this part that there is a great drought throughout the coun- ' Bro K. went ahead r 'v. try. look-out a good camping ground, he-r- turnto and, ed, having found one, and ;we went a mile and a half further somewhat out of ur way in order to have a good place for our. cattle. . ' -- e i all-starte- journal TlTdnjfoUorace's. in of Council ' Biufis 1 Bi-lrop- rM -iir- we .were now oil "Musquito sight build another had to to w'here Creek," stop they bridge before we could proceed further, and then we had to retrace our steps and travel six miles round to accomplish the two miles . : cross to the river, , Horace wrote "Traveled about ten miles We found another -- beaulifbls)rlng ofi n - water fact the ground here ap-- 1 irrthirpliice,-ipears to bo full of springs. The scenery us js entirely different from that through which we have hitherto been traveling, abounding in hills and dales and murmuring rivulets and considerably resembles that of the New "' England States." The heat of the; weather was now at its height, and the whole country around abounded in straw-berrieand and other fruits indigenous to the counand the day following our arrival thereji try; number of our girls went out strawberry ing. ',. this was fcun(iay, aud lather rode over about a mile to President Young's camp, and learned there that Bishop'Miller had been to sec the who agreed to furnish spokes and pitch for the building of a- ferry boat; if, after the church had all erossedthey would give it np to them. They wished us to have notliTng to" say to the Indians in the "way of tampering with them. 0 u r companies h a(Ln ojtlis p;os i t iorr 'lo'tldthi-i- , but it wa3 nothing strangetiiat they should view us, or any other white people, with T suspicion, for they: had generally beenrneau and dishonest in their dealings ' with the. Indians: beido3. thpv hnd'ppn vr!ipl lii' o X United States otlieer, to beware of us, but v't had too much at stake to take advantage of:' the tribes, traveling as - we were through their Territories. jlli-- ' There were certain ones in camp at the early start who receiveol severe rebukes from the One was the Presidency for' beingxdishonest. case of a young man inxBishop ililler's camj), who undertook to pass "counterfeit money iu pay for cattle, etc. The. Bishop" wrote to President Young to excuse the young man, but wbhed him to make restitution to Mr. CochraUj the man who had been cheated by him but for which the Bishop received an awful rebuke, and was ordered to restore the property It waa soon discovered that such characters were not wanted among us, nor were they to be bus- - s, d . - ' .source." ''".'-'- - . , B LOOM I NGTOX, a-- ; J DA II 0. . : A Vasp-berries- -. b!ack-b:;r-rie- ::. 1. " 1 . rfifronj-thre- idenev s ut the : Bloomington Primary Association, by v of permisi(n and counsel of the the slake, in consequence of. nervous debility, 1 take 'this op'portuiiity of responding, to the request you made some time since, and give y.u n brief description of the associathwr alj'jvev named, over which I have had the honor, to since its organization on June 11th, to 17U, the present time. Vo labored under the direction of J. P. Lindsay and Counselors until a stake or";:iiiza-t- i on : w ai t fiect ed wi th the follovin- - oilieeiv: Annie Laker,. President; Elizabeth 'Pugmire prt.-idenc- . )re.-id- e; s, "and Elizabeth Hunt, Counselors. r We have, ll'o 'members tnrolled, v.iih xi average attendance of 50; we . have', held our meetiuge weekly, and I am coiifideufthe Lord lias blessed U5 in our eiibrtsfront-th- e active : -- part the members have taken, and the general good feeling that has characterized our assoeia- - expission of feel ing from t he members, owing to their diflidence; so we added to the exercises an opening and closing address, and fbund- tiiey worked admirably, thus inciting the older children to think for themselves, and affording them Ppojnjtiesqf expres.Cing their thoughts and'exercislmr themselves in Dnblie- nd in or- deHo vary our exercises we have taken the names' those who w ere not present to respond to programme, and have them give the cause of absebee. We have a library in our association costing 813, and we havexjeposited to our credit in the Liverpool Office SlXfordhe emigration of needy child. We have also donated to theLogaiiTVnpiejs and bave on hand 7 besides property. Yoursktcr in the Gospel; L. M. Hakt, Presitlent.x. . Mary Patterson and Louisa Stephens Counselors; Phebn A' Holme, . Secretary; Mary Kroque, "Assistant Secretary; . Sarah I atterson, Treasurer. -- - : . 'Jl -- -- s, Editoh Dkap. to-da- y. - (To be Continued.) e started fromVthis place about cbdifc ' fr.i:il 7 s, . ts, UY HKLKN MAll WHITNEY. oar .Vuiienng 1'ieaueii and he:1os3 of our hou.M-ropertv as a j usl.i licatioiv iHretaH aiin upm-oureiiemies", but 'such a course tends to tks-- ' troy the Kingdom of God." . The whole of the camp startad in thf: afk'r. noon and encampe d n .the leiok of the M- ia mile ab iv.' t'l" tradiii ' sonriIiiytabout hou.-eVv'here we sa-.- a number of Iudi:ins and who' were riding about accompan-iethe agent, trading horses at the settle ; mentdjelow. "Soon after our arrival," Horace wrot., "the , Itrethren met in council.-othe bauk ot the river, to lay down certain rules for our observ- ance while we remain here Thev are as.fbi- low: Every fourth man is to assist in buiM-in- g the. boat; one or. two out of each ten to herd cattle; whilei others are to go put in the country to trade for pro vision "There wa-- a committee of. three appointed, viz., father B roi her-- ioek wood an d iller,Tovvait On the agents and ascertain the priceijof errirwntle-livrmjrnis permilted- to have aiiv tndlic with the inhabitants or Indians without having peruiiion' so to db from the proper prr- ieoti-ii- "Saturday, 01st," Horace wrole, "we were detained this morning about the same length of time we were yestcnlay morning in building a 'of-iniquit- -- short-distanc- . ' ..Wfrw--f e us. i - -- he light. The ad-- v versary fears and trembles, for his time is short. "Tiie kingdoms of this- world shall become the Jerd- - a nd I lis Christ," and all the efforts of the puny arm of flesh cannot stay the work of the Lord; the sooner their cup is filled, the more it will hasten the redemption of Zion, and His people 'will be free. v .; .'Preident Taylor, was not afraid to aecoiii--pa'n- y the. Prophet Joseph and his. noble brethren to prison where death awaited them at the hands of a murderous, moband that, because they wor.diip .'d the true and living God, and other cause. A watch worn by Presi-den- t Taylor providentially saved hi Hie, the V bullet aimed striking fhe wateii instead of hi heart; he wus already wounded, almost unto, '.ilt nth., "and is a living mmlvr. i m i I ar foei iVzT wiTTTic tearj hiLiuivan ee h im inh wi t Irr , Jbr GoaL UUvi JjTn(jit;fonn ' His people. The Lord will permit those who are seckinir to destroy and scatter His people to .accom pli.di His will, and thus far canjthcy go, and no - v. flj ,X:haril.onwhcre tlwf iirganked- - the caruo Here are a dew words frm President X;n)v remark made, on the following- Sabbath: told them 1 was sati-tie- d that, Ihc course' wc were taking would prove to be the salvation not only, of this camp, but of the Siijritditf- t- - t h e da wn in g of a brig hue. day for the Sai n t S is approaching rhore jrapldl the .nio.s't strict laws anr the.pjbr nwn in their council .heh'j I i s . tamed in rules were laid ; com-pM- iv "ItiRonnrJestluKHl ty administer the erdiu-.- . r. it !?.J .lie was slow to introluuc.the ?ubjcct, r::d EX T ON EN T. S . " . - : " : -- 