WOMAN R 6., Y. L. M. I. A. & P. A. REPORTS God. 55 . sisters were nurses unto the 8ick,and wished he could say doctors a3 well, instead ol sending? - foxpnie Drp.f Rssed: doctor to ad minister deadly Prayed the blessings, of jSyo (jod to rest upon the sisters and all those, who -- have the welfare of Zion at heart. Singing by the Congregation, "The Spirit of God." Benediction. Conference adjourned to meet at Fountain Green, September 12th and 13th, 1884 , 1 .iis. Xt . - . . ' Maiiy Hyde, Secretary, Koka RoniNSON, Asst. Secretary. b:: v CORRESPONDENCE. Si-ter- s, follow after.- - - Much credit is due also, to the Prest. of the Stake and the Bishops of the various wards for so kindly assisting us in the discharge of "our ""-' ; :- -'' Elizabeth Yates, President,Delilah K. Olsen, Secretary. - . nent, 44. On hand at date of last report, Cash, $225;-61- ; Property, $2696.04; Wheatrl295J' bushels; Received, cash 819A85; Property $67.91?.; Wheat; 112! bushels; Disbursed cash 38.82J ; Property, 12.35; Emigration cash, $6.05; Temple cash, $8.75; Deseret Hospital, $12.00; Home industries, $35.45; Property, $24.00; Missionaries, $8.50;Building, $82.85; Property, $12.50. On hand. Ca.h.-- $187.73: ProDert. bushels. ,,$2663.731; Wheat, 1373,5-60 SANPETE -T STAKE. " ' Quarterly Conference of the R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary held at Gunnison, Prest. M. A. P. Hyde presiding. Singing, "Let Zion in" her beauty rise;Prayer by Bishop Bartholomew Singing, "Sweet is the work;" Minutesand reports read and approved. .. Counselor Sarah Peterson said that in listen- ing t& the reports, it showed thai we were.a uuueu peupif, turn 11 was ouruuiy 10 uo an we could for the upbuildingof the kingdom of . ' God. : . Prest. M. A. P. Hyde felt thankful in meeting again in cdnfefence. It was one year ago since she wasln the Hospital and the surgeons gave heryuo encouragement whatever,, but she trusted in a higher power, anrt was now able to ajk jxithon tM good counsel given to-da- hoped all would y; ob- serve family prayer, for it was our soul's salva. tion. ' Sister Rebecca Warehara spoke on silk culture; thought Utah would yet be a great silk growing country. Advised the sisters to persevere and not feel like giving it up. Asked the blessing of heaven to rest upon each and every one, and upon our children. Felt that heaven Would be incomplete without them. Felt thankful when Sister Hyde was speaking tosee her so well again, for she has so much faith in the power of God, etc. Verbal reports were given by the presides ts of their respective wards. Singing, prayer, conference adjourned till 2 p.ni. . 2 p.m. Opening exercises a3 usual. Sister Jane C. Snow said that at the lime of Joseph Smith's martyrdom in Nauvoo she was following behind a team. There was thunder and lightning and intense darkness, and all nature groaned, for he was a true Prophet of God. Bishop Madeen spoke with much kindness to tba aiatcra. '". ( ExpoziMTr--- ' have a few words to say about this remote region where I am staying for a short time that I wish to appear in the columnsofnour little paper, the Exponent. First, it is a wild but beautiful country, the atmosphere seems the' verv breath of heavefl; so clear, pure, cool and invigorating, even in these dog days! The ts are e0 widely separe ted, that nothing but love and joy are exhibited when they meet;. and I feel many could endure ia close approximation and association and ' retain all their good feelings, for the very spirit of the place - breathes of peace and good will. Freedom and liberty reign supreme; God and conscience being th3 "powers that be." Sunday, August 3rd, 1884, a large meeting was held in the new school house, Bishop B. Haightand Bros. Martindale and Grant being on the stand,also the Pr6sident,Bro. Durfee,and Thos.0. King.' There was excellent - and teaching and it was mooted that aspeaking Sunday School and Relief Society should be organized. Names were presented for nomination, and 5 o'clock was named for assemblingr" During recess 19 persons were baptized, and a large assembly again convened at 5 o'clock, according to appointment. ' Meeting opened with prayer by TI103. O. King, s peaking by the bret h ren on the stand, then confirmation of the newly baptized, followed by ordaining those selected to officiate in theJSunduy School, and setting the sisters apart for their offices in the Relief A sweet, humble and " peaceful spirit presided over all throughout the ceremonies.. v The Bishop then addressed the meeting in a few words and called on some to express their feelings; he was responded to by Bro. Durfec, Cole, and Thos. O. . King. The Bishop then called upon Sister H. T. King to express her feelings, which she did out of the fulness of her heart. "Meetin?iwashiL-ili"""diction pronounced by Thos. O. King. Bishop Haight returned with u to the house of Bro. King, where he stayed the night, leaving after breakfast Monday morning. He is a very kind, wise man, and is much beloved by the whole settlement. , Ou Thursday I attended the first Relief So- ciety held in this region, Sister .Mary Anne Wake presiding, with her counselors, Sisters Dennis Durfee and Anne Lowe. Teachers, bisters Dorcas Kin jr. Duzfee, Graham: Ed- wards and others. There was a sweeV even childlike spirit in ' that first meeting! Each felt desirous to do her part, yet felt her inefficiency to carry out the desires of her heart; but every one must have realized the Spirit of God was in that meeting and that infant society; and hence we knew it must be a success. Each one felt it had been a time of refreshing. As one expressed herself to me, "I feel so much better than I did when I came." All were separately called upon to arise and espresi their feelings, and every one nroje.at het, though it wai "evidently the trial of thtU - in-habit- Statistical and financial report given at our last conference 13 as follows: Officers, 11G: Members 527; Meeting helrfr "71; Average attendance, 153; Woman's Expo- r' - Editor I Almo, Cassia Co., Idaho. ... . duties. ' :: -".;.. -afreraent. At close of meeting, our conveyance being in waiting, we were soon en route fopDeseret, a distance of. eighteen miles. The diversified country, covered with flowers and shrubbery, somewhat lessened the distance, and in due time we reached Deseret. The citizens were y T : , ' i'ujtij XPO.N EN sustained by efficient officers. , Ieft Holden: the following morning for -- Scipio, a distance of fifteen mile,'. Meetings held as previously appointed, a good representation' of each association being present; instructions filled with the Soirit of God sent comfort and rejoicing to "the "hearts of the lis : teners. The tour of the Stake being completed, Sisters Home, Taylor and Felt took their departure the following morning for Juab. .Many - thanks, dear for freely devoting ti mc to perform so arduous a task. The good results will long be felt, for no missionary labor has ever been more effective of good; a bright future is the recompense.-f- or their "works will' P. t tTh&rt(MeBcl&Zri with connection Sisters in Home, Taylor A., and FeJty" had been made, effected a visit through Millard Stake in the interest of the above tions.i Sister Home and company arrived at Leamington June 11th at 2 p.m.; were welcomed by President Elizabeth Yates, Counselor Lorinda Thompson, and the good people of Leamington. Met with the Relief Society and Y. L. M.T. A. at 4 p.m., which was well attended. The following morning Sister Felt met with the children and organized them into a Primary Association. They then proceeded to Oak Creek, where they were joined by Counselor Martha J. Robison, E. R. Robison, Stake President of Y. L. M. I. A., C. Henry, Secra taryf and D. Olsen, Stake President of Pri-- . mary Association;" The Relief Society and Y. t L. convened at 4 p.m. A spirit of union prevailed; although apparently strangers, all felt the congenial influence characteristic of the SAint. The Primary held true Latter-da- y 10 a.m. at the following morning, meeting showing results of good training and able man laboring under considerable excitement securing the dam, which loss would insure a failure of crops, also thousands of dollars already expended; notwithstanding the unpleasantness of the occasion, we were welcomed by the warmhearted people. By previous appointment the Relief Society convened at 10 a.m., PrimaryAssociation at 2 p.m., Y. L. at 4. A full house and a very excellent and enjoyable time ensued. The Spirit of God, as many testified, was manifested, the children performing their part with zest and To good will, which was truly gratifying. meet appointments we were en route at 8 a.m. the following morning for Kanosb, a distance of fifty-fiv- e miles, The good roads, pleasant weather and extensive scenery, greatly relieved . the monotonous and jtiresome journey. Passing throughTIolden, Fijlmore and Meadow, arrived at Kanosh at early even. The same familiar greeting was accorded. The following day three .meetings were held, which were largely attended, eacn organization being well represented, showing a feeling of unity existing among the. people; much valuable ihstrii( tion imparted by the sisters. Next morning returned to Meadow, meeting a similar welcome; held three meetings as before, each organization being well sustained with competent officers; the instructions were excellent. After the close of meeting we traveled eight miles; reached Fillmore at 8 p.m. A ccordin g to appointment three meetings were held the; following day successi vely Relief Society at 10 a.m., Primary 2 p.m. and Y. L. 4 p.m. The President, Lr Robison, of the Y. Leaving resigned on account of poor health, Sisters" E. S. Taylorand B. A. Robison effected a reorganization. Meeting was largely attended, and much of theitoirit ot the Lord was felt. : Sister Horne spoke very plainly upon the uj tucvjiwpci, i,uo puciiiuu ui women, expounding: Scripture to verifv her remarks. Sisters Taylor, Felt and Yates and others followed in the same humble, instructive that eent a warmth to the heart of every way, true Latter-daSaint present and a resolve to endeavor to eeek motz diligtntl the Kicgdnm of E Next morning proceeded to Holden; held three meetings in their order; reach: OTganiza tion manifesting an active, lively interest, and , .. 8 an So-ciet- y. - " 5 , : . lifs to ixin wd bm .t t?uad of Mt 