116 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Croclierou, is thrilllcgly ilch la pathos and ieiU dement The language is choice and pcetka', : and the incidents of Jhe story prettily woven with the golden thread of bveonjhe -- onHffvrteln hands of., ahnilTflnhomrb .... ' "weaver jj of the variom col a tasteful and artistic themeutlo-thaorings that blend harmoniouily in falls gracefully over the actual fend gives : it the perfection cf an ideal picture. The second bast stoy, by Homespun, Is iven in the young author's happy style, and is realiy worthy the place It occupies, . Homespun is the JrjijQ&rapidJy-u- p honors and getting y the wayside. The poem, "A Christmas Idyl' is the gem cf the magfizinejit embodiea two pictures, artktlc-alldrawn in outline and beautiful elaborated, as well a3 delicately embellished. In act the sublime theme the author has choren seems most ably handled by inspirational genius. No loftier subject could hav been selected, and every word seems to fit in its proper place as harmoniously as a strain cf heavenly music. One caDnot read the Idyl without feeling a sort of solemnity4ar.d grandeur in his own eoul. Such poetry is exalting in Its nature, and we congratulate the young Bishop on his success, to---cel- Editor. D In Bait Lake Uty, .Utah. Published Terms: One copy one year, $3. 00; one copy air months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each 8 ?uare, ten lines of nonpareil Brce, one to time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount reynlar adYortlscrs. "ExTOXtzxr Office, in brick building north of Z. CM. Street. Bnsiness hours from 10 a. m.to East semi-monthl- y, . Teaple I., l6jpeTdfty-except-SaBda- yi Address all business communications to .' T- - . publisher Womxh's Export, 8alt Lake City Utah. " . y -- SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY THE NEW YEAR, 1834. 1, 1S81. Happy New Year to all oar friends anil patrons, and may it be a prosperous, one indeed.. "Utah has good prospects If thing? can take Ihelr legitimate course. Th a great fuss being made all over th world and through the pulpit and press wiU do no real harm, if no more positive adverse legislation ;i pushed but men, anxious to obtain power and influence, are busy with divers tchemes and plots to undermine and des troy tbat wh'ch more than thirty yeara of bard end CDnstant toll has built up. Should theBe politicians and demagogues succeed in their, wicked msfihlnatioEs to bring down persecution , upj?n the "Mormons'' again, it would only for disgrace and punishment ever follows with relentless hand those who eeek to build themselvei upon the ruin of others. It is no less true of peoples than individuals. "Where are those who bitterly persecuted the Balnta in Missouri and Illinois? Have they ridden to popularity on thla ilAIormon" hobby tiiemfiajfand-radlfibefbre th public? TSo, emphatic illy no. They have gradually sunk into inelgnificiiC3, or have died ignominious deathf, bo sure does retribution folloWj those who peek to exalt them?elvei ly crying others down. Utah deeerres prosperity, the labors of her people have been worthy of such a result, worthy of statehood, but it remains with Congress to prove how far they will oraply with the of the majority, and Becnre to the of this growing Territory the rights and privileges accorded under the flag of American jA mii-"lateagafnsrth- em, : Inter-ceedin- gs citir-zen- a i freedom. However, there is great hope that the new year may briDg peace and plenty, and that Utah may continue to be in the future still prosperous, hei homes still happy, her people following out the groat and grand principles to a t h ave advocated and taught by wise men and patriots In all ages. And hoping and believing all will work together for good to those who serve God and work rfghteousnetB, we again moat heartily wlshall happy pew y i ar.j-- . - rrzr7" ' EDITORIAL NOTE3- - The holiday number of the Con tribute rjc.n- talns sqme verydnteres tin artlcIe3r"E!der Geo. j Reynolds' paper?, upon the Book of Mormon are calculated to educate .our young-peopfin" the7BooklDf Mormon literature. This is a result ardently to bo desired, for heretofore this wonderful book has beeu more or less neglected. Bro. Reynolds' artlcleB are so smoothly and pleasantly written that the subjects treated up. on will awaken a new interest for the young. 7" "Angsia," the prize story, by Augus ta Joyce te and trust he may yet ieach the realization of his most ardent aspirations as a poet and an author, in elaborating the wonderful themes with which Mormonism to richly abounds. Miss Kate Field will deliver her popular and interesting lecture, entitled "An Evening With Dickens," in the Social HalJ, in this cl tyf on Monday evening, Januaiy 7tb, for the fcene-f- lt jof the Deseret . Hospital. - We had the pleas- ure of hearing the lady cn this suKject when she first came to 81 1 Lake, and know whereof we speak. All the admirers of this celebrated man's writings should bear Miss Field, who was a personal friend of hi, and makes the audience feel as though they could almost see Dickens nimeelf. The lecture is for a benovelent purpose and: should be well attended on that account, as thi is the Etason to bless and euccor the poor and unfortunate, and at" the beginning of a new year It i3 fitting to be kindly and generous. We hope to see the hall crowded. Miss Field is not only an author, a lecturer ;and a humorist, lot has good dramatic ability. She brought out her play in London some years ago, which was very highly spoken of - English paper; it wai styled "Eitrmes Meat." Her books are very interesting, f 'Ten Days in Spain' "Hap Hazard" or "Travels in America and Europe," "Pen Photographs of Charles Dickens "and Charles A Feehter, or "Life of an Actor," his Hamlet in Europe and America, etc., are some of her works. Mies Field is also a practical business woman and noted for her talent in this direction, which "is rather unusual for an author. She was one of the first' to help introduce the Telephone into Eagland, did the literary part of the work, and is one of the original stcck holders in the firm. .James Dwyer Ejq has for sale the North American Review containing, an article by Trest. John Taylor, followed by one from. Gov. Murray, each representing his views on the' eltuatlon of Utah, at the present time, etc. The articles are placed in contrast as they are pub" seem that every lover of Jihed, and patriotism, of truth and Justice, should be ablol - . -- by-th- it-wo- j JoweHas e uld ThcTbwTs Get the magazine and read both udgejffJchia-true-andwhich- lfi false. opinions. - here lu Utah, who prtht in believing au practicing the patrlarch&l order of ruamege, ar c corrupt tastes and imaginations caups is no feVll," coujd themjo think bvll where-the-re real that they also live in glats hcu-ea- , and are daily posted concerning the rotten condiii on of their own circles, In- which movo the very ones that cry the loudest sgainst u3, and desire so much to 'solve the polygamy problem' would but Btop and look matters and things square in the face, and let reason iuTeys they mhhtjrfcjy ""There are greater problems than the plural wife eystem, of whL-they would do well to reek a solution. Firet, practice the "Mormon" creed, "Mind your own buaineis' then itujy how ycu may but cJeaneB the inside cf the plat- Telylheh There U no danger Inat the outside will be clean-als- o.Gather up the low, ignorant masses of wretched humanity tbat have beeu e6 long allowed to exist and increase in their midst. Yep, in tha ve;y hf art of our boasted and enlightened nation, which profeteea ,S) mucb, but ha? done so little in the way.of true real-lbenevojeLce, or even common mercy, think It would be more Christianlike to commence there instead of working up a wicked crusade against a handful of inoffensive people, who mind ncbodyJ business but their own; and, even the conversion of heathens afar oil' m'ght be left till a few of tho-eJtheir own midst were saved. As Uatile Bam ha9 great wealth at his command, would it not,be commendable in him to render more aeiistance toward this good work, inbtead of leaving it all for thesoj".Jor.. mon?- to do? taking theTiTTives in their handa and going without pursa or scrip, as the som3 having already been killed ly tho?e ignorant people, for proclaim to truth them. And the log the same w ill apply to other nations where cur Elders have been traveling to pro-. claim free salvation to the Gentiles, and to gath er out the ppor and the maimed, and the halt aud the blind, as Jefuseaid they should do, that His table noay bb filled. We have been given to understand what to expect from the rich who made all manner of excuses, a3 they could not spare the time. "Therefore," said Jesu?, "uone of those men that were bidden shall taste cf my supper. If any man onie to me, and hate not his father and his mother, and wife and children, and brethren and sisters, yea, and hia own life, also, he cannot ba my dhclple." Thousands of that class will seek admission when it is too late. There will also be found those who have ' not -- on the wedding garment, , but they will be cast out into outer daxkntss, where there will bo weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth. The common cry about the ignorant scum who gather up to these mountains from thediflerent nations, shows that theyv understand not the Scriptures, nor do they de,slreJo, for they have' hardened their hearts against them, Just as Jesus predicted, and they do not sae the marveiou3 work that is belt g accomplished by the Al mighty, right In the very midst of them. This x is the greatest and the grandest mission that has ever been given to a people, and like every good woikof this kind, it must be performed by the few that are ready and willing to labor un-- " der the the counsel and direction of inspired men, who will not varyftoni-th- a principle and hhrulesmarked ont bv our Savior hut are ready to take their Uvea in their hands to go and proclaim Hia Gospel to a wicked "and untoward generation waiting till He thinks fit to reward them. "Many are called bat few are chosen;" which words will apply to this people as well as to any other. Those of the more favored are expected to teach the poor and the ignorant classes, who have lacked the opportunities, how they may al ieu!. 1 . --wh- e-- j thate sr-cli-l h . je y n -- Savior-cooamaada- . . A WOMAN'S OPINION. the o'er prudiah portion of eastern society.' J whoclaim to be insuch awful Jest Jeopardy they ehould bepolluted by a few "Mormons" away ' - i 