W OMAN HELEN AND VIRGINIA. And while the echopn scarce had dledi twae; greetttig bore Not welcome only, but thelrpralse. Oh, grandly beautiful she stood, And cadence and expression wore A pathos that no heart withstood, "cruwerl ; ; As o'er the helpless child she prayed As though he knew her lore and tears. ! v; ' And, clinging to him, holding back The life that blankly lingered here, And pleading but to keep him still Within her loving care; He awakened, and she turned to hear More than the answer to her prayer. For e'en as fever's blight had cast Ills mind in gloom and silence long, So the same strange and wond'rous power Consumed the fetters and restored Freedom and light and reason strong, In the due season of the Lord. -- "Bearing such love as theirs?" Ah, yes, . I meet and .find It everywhere;- - t Dearer than life, more strong than death'. I recognize It as the sign Of that which Gods and angeis share A portion of the Love Divine. And now, dear friend, if I have used My truthful pen not all In vain And you would wish to further search Still other'points we hold as well, J) may some abler pen make plain Their truth and beanty. So, farewell. . AUGU6TA - JOTCB CKOCIIEKON. Almost too late, for marble like The earth worn singer fainting lay, Alone, afar from home and love; Virginia stood beside her, then Found strength above her fears to say: "Signora, do we meet again?" A thrill passed o'er the weary face, jTbeJufitrous eyes looked Tiprtosee" The gentle speaker. Radiant joy Illumed her face- - "Virginia thou? Virginia never more leave me, For thou art all I cling to now." , "Mother," he whispered oh, her face lighted up with wondMng joy- As she leaned o'er and took his hand;: 'Mother, have I been sick? Don't go Out of the room ana leave your boy; li seemB so strange here, I don't know So Salt Lake City, 1SS2. A PLEASANT GATHERING. luonuay evenmg,jjtctaiiarinei rxiraL. 1. of the Eleventh Ward, held their annual meeting and gave a dinner in the Assembly. Rooms of that .ward, Mrs. Mary Freeze presiding. There were present the Presidency of' this Stake, Angus M. Cannon, Joseph E. Taylor and C. W. Penrose; also Bishop McRae and Counselor Robert Morris; Sisters Clara C. Can non, Maggie Y. Young, E. B. Wells, H.-Whitney, Nellie Colebrook and Martha H. "A." - 8he sang no more". They brought her home, And In the few fleet days they learned The lovely wanderer's hapless fate. ; The phantom love that lured her on To faithlessness, neglect, had turned, And hope and strength at last were gone. Where I have been, or how I'm here." She searched his eyes, their look was bright, He answered back her trembling kiss . And raised his feeble arms as though - To clasp and keep her in his sight, Then fast her joyous tears did flow, And kneeling by his couch's side 8he held him to her throbbing breast; ' And. a they ere alone with God "Father, it is Thy power, I know, For Thou hast heard my prayers and blessed My soul with joys that overflow." M. -- " There was a very fine programme after din ner, in which the young ladies wh.6 took part did themselves "rent credit. 1 he historical sketch from the Bible by Mjss Sampson being Miss Tucket's lecture on especially good. Miss health and Ciclia Colam's essay were The well written and very appropriate. singing by Miss Maggie Freeze wa3 pleasing and made an agreablevariety,-an- d the other" recitations and essays were a success. In fact the whole programme was tastefully arranged, and the manner of rendering merited praise, as well as the promptness with which each one . I "Teach mX&7 faltn, Virginia, now What thou doth ehrih I receive; Teach me thy peace and hope so sure; My babe again? and linked with thee? Reason and love thy words believe I wait thee In eternity." A step drew near; she raised her hand "Dear wife, may I not join you yet -- ; And share the vigils of your love?" i nen something In her face he saw, And in the eyes his question met. That filled and thrilled his soul with awe. Honora in her arms, And soon the sacred work was done The ordinances for the dead; And unto him she loved she gave The dear and lost, the gifted one Resting at last within the grave. So died " And as their son looked up to him Th; wond'rous miracle he learned And knelt in gratitude with her. "Dear wife, it Is thy soul's reward responded. Oft through her sleep came holy dreams, Arid Our dear chMla msonhas returned To him ty favor of the Lord . waking hours their meaning brought, "For love thou gavest Virginia's child ' God hath restored to thee thine own, Nor moved him from his birthright's place. For this Thy mercy we renew Onr covenants before Thy throne, While here on earth, Thy will to do." Like some sweet music, rapturous, new, Virginia the glad tidings heard, And hastening to Helen's side Saw in the boy's changed, gentle face, A look that all her being stirred And made the room a ascred place. ' Oh, happier than ever now The blessed days and weeks went od, For gratitude made blest content. " Each felt the other's soul to be One which from God Himself had drawn Approval that all Saints might see. -- Grew sweeter, nobler, year by year. Time wrote fresh truths on her soul's page, Adding that royal mien which comes To those who teach, and lead, and bless, Until more beautiful is age Than even youth's own loveliness. And while through daily scenes she passed. She listened for the "still small voice" And closer sought God's mysteries. Counting no sacrifice as loss, But in its offering to rejoice, As fires that burn away the dross. Adown the waking hours of night Grand intuitions softly came Of earth's and heaven's futurity. And through long hours with prayer alone , Around her swept the holy flame, And wond'rous glories there were shown. 1 . - No savant's love so deep as this- No gems so rich and Joy so sweet And naught so poor as this vain life. Like one who but prepares to go, Yet first each duty would complete," These lines my pen has striven to show. And these are "Mormon women." Seek Through every vale where Saints abide, - Remarks were made, suitable to the occasion, by the sisters first; followed by. the brethren. Jt was a pleasant and social affair, and much good instruction was given by the speakers, calculated to encourage and promote the growth of the association. , And threw a light on sacred lines; And whether in that dearest place, Her home, or where her footsteps sought The poor and sorrowing, her face "Mine eldest son, my firstborn hope! -- Through him the Lord thy spirit proved; Thou didst not blame or vainly mourn, Bnt bore io patience His decree, And on the altar faith unmoved Brought down His blessing upon thee. ; when these lines of mine are read, How many there will be who'll say, I did not think she knew my life ! " ' For oh, this story is the fruit JOf 'one grind Tree whose strength to:day Finds In ten thousand homes its root.' ' Virginia's eyes grew large and dark. Her tender face still paler grew, And as the strange, sweet singer, rapt ": "In harmonies all but divine, Poured out her soul, one hearer knew A dying life inspired each line. Virginia followed tone by tone, She knew the weariness and woe; And when the wav'ring figure passed From sight she said: "Take me to her, I knew her once, not long ago;" Her husband rose, without-demur.- ; For In the mother's heart there grew For him; bereft of reason, more Of watchful care and sympathy Than all the rest com blned possessed ; Through the dark pall his spirit bore She loved him mqre than all the rest. Row above row the Jights flashed out, The music hushed, a pause, and then "And alttt wasting fever's O, just as keen the mother1? fears . Lik faith and purity are there. Though waves of hate and death may roll, They cannot quench God's light, aor hiae Ills pathway from each martyr's soul. : hoy-uffTT- ' 83 Half dreamy waltr, then as some bird High soaring over hill and glen ' Till in the clouds the last is heard r- - And then ere many weeks had passed, Again on Helen's . EXPONENT; A Prelude atrAno'A!v swtrarCf. tZZiu7 J "'iwvw bvvio iuuur Concluded. A 3 NOTES AND NEWS. " ' A woman suffrage convention will be held in Lexington, Ky., Nov. 5 and 6, under the aus- pices of Mrs. Mary B. Clay, of Whitehall, Ky., president of the American Woman Suffrage Mrs. Gougar and Mrs; May Association. Wright Sewall,of Indiana, and Mrs. Elizabeth Boynton Harbert, of Illinois, are among the . speakers.- Ex. - Woman Suffrage is being discussed in the Two iiundred Normal Institutes in Iowa. teachers in Pes Moiuea, fter a discussion of the question, decided in favor. P of. Akerd, State Superintendent of Public Instruction,-sairecently in a lecture, "The equal citizen- ship of women is coming coming rapidly and no man can stop it!" The sentiment was ' " highly -- pplauded. Ex. "A monument in the shape of a simple obelisk bearing the relief portraits of Dr. Martin Luther and his Katie "Dame Zolsdoerferin," ns he was wont to call her was recently erected on the site of the homastead in which she passed the years of her widowhood." d 