WOMA N V20 les over once or twice. evdry day they have neglected their llttip'darllrtjra ftlmAgthieyoiid forgin'neBs: Mothers, Js not bo, but bV tho washing of J.eni ydnifiavo done" : Jt -- 4 - Ufeip . - o 4h 1 l their baths. r Healthy men have been brought tojextreme weakness by taking a dally .bath, but have regained their usual boys strength and vigor .after omittingthe-bathear- id have received lasting injuries by going in swimming too olttn or hj staying in the water too long. The judicious farmer Is careful not to Irrigate nis grain too young or too much, knowing that if he docs so it will turn pale and lessen his crop at the time of harvest. How much more ought mothers and nunes to to careful of the tender plants under their charge, and not wash them too much and thereby weaken them and kisen their harvest of life. Man and the horse are similarly constituted. Who ever saw a colt take a-- voluntary bath, or even the young of any animal to do so. All nature proclaims " against it. Bathing is good in consumption, lijrr complaint and other diseaseo when the pores need opening. Emetics - are aho beneficial in some sicknesses, but who would give a daily emetic to their children? Medicine that is good in sickness Is Injurious in health. Water is a powerful extractor of the electricity aud other health promoting elements of the human system, as maybe witnessed by placing the hand in warm water for a thort time. It soon becomes white, wrinkled at.d weak-ened- aur breakfast ' ' -- " , too late. I do cot wih to be understood by adopting the cap tion ef this piece that I think the children are washed to death at the time of giving tbetn their baths, bntJby- - ed e n , -- - . than 3' it cleared. olP leaving Joseph .. C. Kingsbury behind, as also three of Bro. Kimball's teams 'in the care of Hans C Hanson traveled three miles and a half and encamped at three p. m. on the East tVrk of Locust Creek, near where Brigham hud previousjy encamped one of the most beautiful locations for au encampment my eves had ever beheld, in fact it seemed as if expressly designed for our use, and jn contrast with the place'where we had last stopi)ed, ; 4 -- g morning about eight o'clockfUinvJirt "07i son iii the science of oxology. taking the ox whip to drive, the first thing he did was'to go on the wrong side, and then had to endure the roars of laughter from several of ths boys who were standing ready to witness his irit" effort, but some of them weifi-iiu- ite a green Thimself in the practice of ox driving. Put after seeing his chagrin one of them took the wnm nnri11nrnve a I..!' little wavs to mvo. htm nn idea how it was done, and he soon became as handy in yoking, unyoking and driving as any. of the boys, and even some of offf sisters were schooled in the same science before we got to our journey's end,-a- s numbers of our brethren who came out from Xauvoo as teamsters, returned after a little, some of them taking their teams with them, after we had some from other quarters. We had doors, generally, cut on the left side of the wagon covers. Boxes and bags cf grain, etc., were packed in the rear part of our wagon' upon which our bed was made. We had our provision hest in front, which served as a ta-- " ble, and between was just room for my chair this being my only piece of furniture the most of our household chattels having been left in our house in Nauvoo. I could now knit and read as we traveled, and Horace - could read or play his flute as he liked, and none, I think, but those who had a like experience can form the slightest idea of the appreciation and happiness it gave us, to have wao-oall to ourselves, which, under the circumstance was next thing to paradise. ' 'On taking the team to drive," Horace says, ( I went into Brother Kimball's company had not gone far before iMcommenced to rain which continued through the and night-trav- eled day seven miles and encampecLabouti- xrHmrrthc-open praine7irrone of the most disagreeably muddy places I rememler ever to have seen-dr- ove our horses and cattle about a mile to tho nearest wood, which consisted, principally, of elm trees, and afforded them an excellent opportunity of Some of. lathers teams got stuck inbrowsing. the mud, and had to stop a mile or two back, and none reached us except Joseph Kingsbury with the bucr.y the one horse wagon, and Sarah Ann's wagon to'-ii- .noon,-doublin- after-leavin- ' ' , - won ob-tain- . thec'yv-.er- . have me bothering around in the mud, to which arrangement we very cheerfullx submitted. , "Friday, 10th," wrote Horace, ''This morn-- ' ing fou in f the rain had not ceased falling, but on the contrary, pouring down with redoubled vigor.- .Getting bur cattle' from the woods, we Our teams; when started about ! ox-tea- ' S w MAR WIIITXKY. ' were tho ones that beemcd themselves the 1110 t indelibJy upon my jneuiory,.buL this' one really, had ius pltMrj- '.ant bide, ior;l 'remember I.19W giattiul i icU there to bo under a tiirht watron itertr we were comtortable and tec u re from the cold piac-- IKS HiJllin warm fMitnhlw hnnc fook. thi v j hroiiiriiL VU. J VM O 're.4i1estiug.nle' h) stay, in the wagon, as she On the. 7tlr a menage criine-IroPresident YioungVwho was t wel ve ru'i e 5 a ItCud; .1 cuestiug my' father and the rest to eouie on. That day succeeded in rrettimr a ffir its" and also a gentle yoke of olen, Previously we"" had had no placejn parlicular. I had traveled mostly with my mother, and" our ' lodging had been, like that of hundreds of ..others, on the ground. Put here was a ' new lesson fur Horace, who from a school boy in Kirtland had done little else but printing and school teaching yoking up and driving oxen he had never before undertaken. On the Oth; this J pi ace, he wrote, "Started this " - served us a kind of lufiabytooythe.us--t-( p; Andmthe Tiiorning my cbusihTNetty, , 1 " Some may ask, "How often should I wash my body?" There are some parts that need rpunging oil daily, but' , some physicians decidedly object to. their little thi Id ren being bathed all over in water oftener than once in "a ' week or two. And then, mothers, why. not take the word of tbe Lord for it, and use "strong drinks for the washing of the body." But do not wash daily with water and then with liquor, for the liquor cannot restore that which the water has taken away. I do not expect to write in this6hort article an hun, dredth part of what would bo necessary to fully ventl- late a subject so new aud in direct contact with an al- J?.oj?Aja ijitcrsalpractker bu t- -o lyTiffldoiit"toen1io people to reflect for themselves on the many things connected with this subject too Tiumerous to mention, for -- when I reflect upon it I feel, as it were, an inspiration upon me to call to the mothers to stop and consider for thenm-lvesand rt&lize what they are doing to tho litGod tle cherubs has given them, and forbear before It is : 1 and beating rain, 'which, falling upon MISSISSIPPI. BlIIELL'N - . eoiiipauy." ThC muddy camping )acc, mentioned, hy to' be iorotteu. IIorace7was one iiuL ca.-:i- Thedisinal - OUR TRAVELS BEYONIT THE Lo- - Jjru. " y heir-tor4m- -- n ?tt " "-- r Most children when born4 and for a few days after-- , wards, have healthy pores,' with a lively glow on tho kin and ft firmness to their fioh, which would remain . and tbe glow gradually wear off if nature were allowed totake its own course, bat they all soon disappear after being subjected to- - tho daily water baths, and in thp place of tbe glow on the akin it assumes a sickly, pale white, and the firm . flesh becomes soft and flabb', although the child may le fleshy, and t here la but fittlo m nscleJn the arms, and when handled the flesh' almost secma to leave the bone. In fact healthy pores need need physic, and ... washing no more than healthy-!wel- s the former tejwejikem "iystem as well as the fatter, and who would think of giving physic to their children daily as they give'them .. : tho-whol- Lole. ng-- rid 0 th e r s 0 f o u r ."Compa n y w er 0 reti unable to cuirie up, a.? alio Parley T. Xratt and zo-Yt- . '" ;.' extrirato iiimelf fruiii a mud - plain fclf-- i vld.ent facts herein contained, and then if you are not ORvinced that little children a re. washed top Jiactfl will trouble you no more ppon the enhject. -MftTrwS8BtTnftde hllconstitnted to be au nmphiti- ' ons animal, in fact bis whole body naturally resets the ontward application of water, and jnoet children decid edly object to it when old enonpbJRaxfOlJM15- ; tlT"WMDtneThrra-wTiaily'"?ragc6but my object is to epeak fortbose who are not old enough to epeak for them&elvcB, during which timo the greatest injury is ''v ; ' done to'them :he principal oEcb of the pore of the ekin is to pies ' of! constantly an insensible perspiration, and In. a ju ft rnorigh to CBcapoTo bcaltbyperson they ar- keep the system in a healthy conditlonTwithout any tlflcial appliances. Nature will do its own work. .The applicatioa of water to tbCLeklri ojcds and relaxes thefier pores, which will'allowia Euperabundanceof Jnsen6ibfe : perspiration to escape, . and- - any one can readily under-- ' ftand that this wonld weaken, not only the pores and '"' fekln' but thejwhote body, if 'often repeatedr:"'"'""'' will-allo.- their pores tifing opened- - p.nd: relaxed $0 often, thereby giving the vitality .of "the muscular and nervous powers, debilitating 'system, mjklng it more liable'to catch coid,- re. quiring a closer coulinement from the fresh air,, thereby for.tho.ten(!er. depriving it of tho endurance r.t'ft'r-uA- ' t to. whooppass safely hrough teKhimr, plant aro chil.irrn ing cough and many other complaint that dthey sueen in b; nirdrdeath'TaeFlhTjira wayT"1 for the doctors 'nor their medicine cannot restore tho vl- surely washed out of tality which has tvon tltowly ' and relatives ftte left to mourn them, and the parents ""to.'IT was -'i he answer 4heif4ef!!',,,aud wonder- why could bo consistantly given, "You have ifinocently' li. I ..AIW washed your child to death." -- life-lon- g :x: F0N ENT v tbrm a Injury. Some may 6 top here, not wishing to rr ad any farther. To such I would say, read the -- artklp throngh and reflect upon and comprehend the r K X S paradisef1 th. Bro. Klnibairs horses, ox teams and men, including myself, went back after the wagons left behind. Win. Kimball put four of his horses on Sarah Ann's wagon, "alul one ox team H'as tsken back a mile further to pulf one of father's teams out of a mud hole, and the folks all" got to the camp about half past three o'clock the same time we did with the ox teams. When we arrived found Brigbfam here with two other brethren they were in council. Bro. B's camp is twa miles y froni here. made a coall , pit that we might be able to do some black- smitiung. A meeting "Sunday, 12th. was called at 11 a.mi.present. B. Younc. H. C. Kimball, P. P. Pratt, 0. Pratt, A. Lyman, G. A. Smith, Ji Taylor, Bishops . Whitney and Miller, and several others. Bro Young spoke; gave some good instruction,, and concluded with a plan for our future movements that was to send fifty men ahead to the source of - Grand RiveTyand then to make some e inabout two miks square build' 'some huts, plant soniegrain and garden seeds, then save their garden seeds, which would not otherwise keep any lengthdftime after that for the main body to follow them-frohere we are to take a north-wes- t course till we arrive at the, head of Grand RiverfromHhere proceed to Council Bluffs, on the Missouri. River, then over the mountains, leaving behind at our new settlements those that have not the means to prosecute the journey, thereby furnishing a sojourning place for those who may hereafter come on from the States. Bro. Brigham and the brethren with him went back to tKeir camp after having taken dinner. " IOheaTtenmon Bro. Kimball called a meet- ing; gave some good advice to the brethren-part- ook of the sacrament and dismissed with The weather has prayer.. continued fine since Friday last. To day a number of our teams, also two of Bro. Kimball's, went to bring np the .remainder of our company, viz: Bro. Lorenzo Young, Lyman a wagon tnat latner riaa leit uxtueyuu We are now in Putman Co., Stmck"ur"ttrand pro-- , ceeded to Bro. Brigham V camp, where " "Saturday, 11 . -- To-da- A- - : - ioprove-ments-fenc- m . -- De-hin- Missouri-Tuesdayr14th- d. r N 