W 0MA R S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. , ' N' S 2 E X P 0 NENT. I'. administered. 7 The sisters Reeves' Hall. The tables were prepared by the Presidents of the Centreville Associations, 'MrsrJvebecca 71 6rter anxOlKannylJGUrnert- "Willi their, assistant?.' .We do not forget those. vounf lame wno wjiuca o.n.inAr:n p? fiprvmrr ' " J hot vegetables; etc. Good instruction? were given to the children by the brethren and sisters who addressed them. Sakaii E. RoniNsoN, ' feel that their . endeavors havo been blessed, and that much of "tiro Spirit of the Lord has been in their midst.; J WIIITECJIAPICIi BUAXCII, LONDON. 7 It is the desirejLalLlorssi Ja!):'iov3J'in that part of tlJjordWinci. cdelmiicT 1-- ," 7:7 7 t the ten TffiVCylKT fa tHllwrti'ntheyit Ma in Gaunerj President; 7 tms oraijcn, m tnejr large hall, JNew Road, v An'n Gill, Secrctar7 Mile End, by a concert or entertainment. Tim 'bill of fare"7 provided was of a man varied and Elder II. Garn,erpresided in hisusual genial liberal character. In some respects this was a 7 style. Elders Lund and Atkins were, likewise model concert, all songs and matter of a quesToVards the close Elder Leo Claw- 'preset.: tionable character.unwortliy of saints-beison gave; a shore address, in which he. stated, """ excluded. It "was certainly one of the most) how pleased and gratified, he was with the if not the most, successful .yrt bold, : manner the programme had been rendered. 7 ht r reIVcit. II. Garner then followed with a few garded numerically or in it? financial results.': At seven o'clock p.m. the hall was nearly filled' witty remarks about making a collection, a most attentive by respectable, naively remarking that as they had all pa id 'to aird7ixpectant audience Until eleven o'clocky wiiji but a came- to' the c)nvrt he must let them off this short interval of ten minutes, the Intercut nev- tier. er flagged. After prayer .by Elder Leo Claw-so- n J7der Lund73i5n dismissed with prayer, and Jh'-i'-iand a hymn, the concert commenced by a.i this tenth- and most successful overture "The May Queen Walt, pianoibrie anniversary; Many of the Saints attending iV rn .and piccoloSister Dolly Atkinson and Air. A. groat distances, and there was a fair Hazzard. In this limited spaco f 7. 'iog of strangers present. (urse it is to do more thin make impossible li:xanm)i:u R. Clark, 7 7 ing reference to those who more particularly "'"7""777:.. Branch Secretary. distinguished, themselves by their ability ("r . 15 - : ' he-Rel- ief ' ' . . :, - ' Stake. Secrelarr. " n vli--- BIRTHDAY PARTY. t On the 10th of May the friends, of Sister Sarah Copley prepared her.-- pleasant surprise on the occasion of her Goth birthday. At two p.m. they assembled in the Relief Society Hall; when Sistnr Cop'ey arrived, as she thought to attend a' Primary Conference, and picnic; she'."' was struck by tho admost entire absence of children. She wis escarted to the seat of honor, after. which Bishop C. A.'Madsen made an opening sj)icch, in which bo expressed his own tis well as bis brethren and sisters' high esteem . . : " ; ( -- taIentJnsomednst ina manned Out Primary Conference Cen trevii ie meeting to-da- her killwdnta'eTrSisteTAiigieT Cross, whose musical skill .is .well known, 'in her singing likewisedisplayed no small talent. During the evening the following report was read by the Secretary: Tenth Annual Report of the Relief Society 'of the 7Wh itechapel Branch for the year ending. March 4th, 1i-- 4: This society was disorganized in October, 4883, consequent upon the emigration of the President Sister E. Young; reorganized the following March, under, the Presidency of -- wvYnsTjf-ir: president, wo counselors, secretary and seven teachers. jN umber ot meetings held during 7 the year, 13; Visits paid, 71; Cash collected -- from all sources; 10.14.5; DisburscmeTifsTXyr-10.-2; On haiid,0.18:2L The newly appointed members of this society are now initiated into their work. They meet fortnightly. The reports are given and ' financial matters arranged in unity and love. Thus fir an extra oneness has prevailed. The ineceseitous poor : have been cared for as far as the means would permit, And it is hoped have been judicious' : "'Jjarbira before desire to vote and - ," The surprisingly large vote obtained under such adverse circumstances, increases our regret that; Mr. Ilaniil limited its scope to municipal and presidential suffrage, so as to avoid the legal question of coiistitutjonality. If the vote of "the New York'. Assembly expresses the real opinion xr its members, a hill thus limited mighVhecoine a Jaw., and would ive women so much political power as to ensure their com- pletc enfranchisemen t in - the near future. It is a pity to have the wheels of progress thus blocked year after year upon-- a mere technicaltmLWilcDttlie--author-of-TlYe)71l7ha(Tn- s , that br . n, . chdldro)aJUo.,Avas.d uTa i n gi n'g; a d vised them to' :" out tho instructions' she ha'd them in regard. to ttoriug np Relief Society was laying" election-wheref- 7 -' ' at such board is making registry shall be refused reg-istratioii because of her sex. Tlie oljject of tlie bill, if it passed, was to make a test case and have the courts decide whether under t4m resent State Constitution of New York wom en have a right to vote. Many who voted -against tlie bill said they did so on the ground , that it was clearly .unconstitutional, aiuLthat if the question was up on a constitutional amendment, they should vote in favor of the proposition. The Brooklyn members voted for the bill, with the exception of Messrs. Kelly andNason, who were recorded in the negative, and General Heath, who was absent. Ec. Rampton; Soiigr"'Herein our mountain home," by a class from North Centreville; The thirtv- ti ons were ans e ve nth clta ;f swered by all the associations combined; " i'ne Gambler's Wife," .Miss Lottie Pack; Song, "Jewels," by four girls from Far-- mington; Recitation from Card No. 4 by a clas- - from South Centreville; Names of the of Zion by presidents t,f 'the. various-Stake?Master Mathoniah Thomas; Recitation, "The Fisherman and the Priest," by Frank Shep- is our Aim," herd, from Kavsville;-"Learninby a group irom South Centreville; Recitation, "Good Resolutions," Charles Hogan, of South Nathan Bountiful; Recitation, 7 Barfow; Singing by a roup from Kaysviller ."Go break iho news. gently to7:dother." Pret.-Rogerexpressed, herself well pleased - with thfrreports and the pieces rendered by the "Pre-existenee- ot -- continuejto carry previously given beans. Said the up wheat,-- aud . , thought the Primary children could zaise beans .and donate a small orti m every year. (ipod order preyailesl (luring 7 theTmeeting At noon the officers and members partook of a nice picnic dinner in vritis known as Brother cr The Woman Suffrage Bill was killed in tho N. Y. Assembly May 10, by a vote of 57 ayos and o'2 nays." The bill recognizes the right of women to vote, and provides that no woman who possesses the qualifications for voting -- which are required of men, and who appears n Reci-tatio- h : 1 "man; Reeiatioii, f-- present., A few hours were spent' in sociable, genial conversation, interspersed with sougs, dialogues, recitations, etc., when we were dismissed with prayer by Father James Gledhill. . 7 ...7-7. If. M. Gunnison, May 21st, 1884. - Fritchie'-Joh- a t io n-- o eir-appre- - , - -- creditable-to at thr Mrs, jlary A. Clark, of the Relief. Society, Prest. Win. R. S'mith.Bishop Nathan Cheeney, and Brother Nathan T. Porter, and Bro. Win. Preece, of South Hooper, and others of the brethren 'and sisters. The Primaries of Davis Stake, are nine in number, all of vliich were represented by their respective presidents. We hold our conference twice a year; our exercises are similar to those ia other places. The following programme ;was 'attentively listened to: Pri ma ry- address by TMiss - Mattie - S mi th, of Ceutreville; Singing," "Pilgrims,"by a class of yoimg Missjes 'lne rvames of the Presidents" of the United States," by master Calvin W. Richards, Jr., of Farmington; Dialogue, Oscar Lay ton and Henry Blood, of Kaysviliei "Song of. the Seasons," by a class from SoufliTBpuntifuI: Recitation, 4 JlcIi a pter ofoBiblaQnestions 7and Answers, bya;ci:t ff boysTfrom North Cenh'(eyjilejSon.g Ihm Vftriii by a class 117)71)1111," svi M fro in K.iy lie; an essay by iss Job anna Sea ," - - jintlth Jabor3 in the Relief S6cietyuf JjUnnisoivjQve which shehas 'jthvideil for .nearly nine years. She was presented with a beautiful parlor lamp, an exquisite pair of vases and a rocking chair. Sister Copley made a response charai trr?trcrrjrfmodesty, her saiuTd ik e humility and her integrity to the cause of : truth. An excellent repast was then served bv a number of our young ladies, who seemed to know just wlit everybody wanted. Plenty was left for the sick and the poor who. were not 1 884: on the stand, oflicers, Mrs. Aurelia S. present posed by the respecleiLJLlto Garner" Doubtless these are but instalment; of future favors to come: Ho has already composed the following, given at this and previous concert's: "The Priesthood," "The Cat."' "The Cheap Jack, -- comic, given. by the writer, "Pa's come home and last, though not least, "Priestcraft," recited by himself, in which blows of 'the most vigorous kind are dealt this "Colossal of Error." "Pa?s come home y was sung by Sister Angie Cro.., pianoforte accompaniment by herself. Song by Elder Loved ay, "The Naval Hero" was well given; as was a song by Sister A. Gill, entitled "The .OldMaid, cored.A song - by the children must not be omitted, "Words of Wisdom," in. ..which" the saints were exhorted to eschew tea, coffee, and tobacco; a duet by Sisters N. and A. Collins was given in fine style, and a song, "Exile from Zion," was given with much feeling by Elder H. Heath; songs by the Pros. Spillraan added to the general harmony.- -- "The "Minute "GuiF" at Sea," by Teacher J. Davies, and "Just down the Lane," by Teacher T. Ellis, wa well received. A recitation by lady, 'Sister. Caroline Parrott, "The Dream," was driven in fine style. The way in. which Miss. Dollkinson presided at the pianoforte' was nu.-- t was held " house, March ih), S i s tejMTu pi ey ; FAl:.MIX(iTON, fastidious or cultured. A pleasing and unique feature in the entertainment was thatr several of the songs and recitations given were com to-day- f )r . ity. JJx. " Manners are the shadow of Tirtues.Jney 