.1 l'h?.Eight3 of tb Women of Zion, and tho Bights cf tho Women of all Nation.. . Vol. 32. 13mTII7D AT SOU Al OK ANSiVBKSAHf :?UltUTE't TO CHXKLK W. TTmZA' It. All hail the day! r - JiUPTURAI, TESTIMONY. TITR UOSOKAliLE rEMtOFj:. :ud they a;kwl .Him,?; irsliaTTtTiese .things :be'and what tlrsre be .pnjhesociliiogs " StrLTikexxi ' SNOW SMITH. shail-comirtrpa- the dny when mortal Birth, . . ; . "lOth-yfir- se. n-the : s, " While purple, gold and amber clouds Adorned the western skies, The earliest stars would softly peep Like smiling infant eyes. , With baby brothers grown to men Kow nestling in my arms Not mother's babies, Lut.'xny own, . Hath, nature lost ite charms' Nay! woman's heart and hands and brain, Life's duties may employ, Yet new love teaches her all g KjjL, . More fully to enjoy. An4 nature- - too, mora grandeur wears, Befitting well ber age; While in her book of books she writes, Along, long, promised page.' In eighteen eighTythrcc and four, The twilight hour hath"shown.-A mystery, which the learned world, Gravely pronounce unknown. Ah! how shall worldly wisdom lind The things which God hath plauM," When only by His Spirit, e'en : Tho mcek'shall understand? , . ; light rising high; -- : . .. "Uay of Burning" doth approach, This sign is kindly sent, .,' ' To warn the wicked and the'.proud, XQQ " -- , f Ll'I. A. ' ; ;..' s -- . y "1'reoious treasure thou art mle,1r rrecious book thou art divine For me to read ntrd meditate, j, ' And all its joys to contemplate." . ? i 'l . Now, it is great folly for men to Jose their, lives exploring for the lost tribes: fhey are not . lost, to thfeir Heavenly Father, and in His wwn due' time He will causc tjie mountaiiis ot ice to melt down at their j)rescrice, and He will lead them baelcby His power, the same as He led them awh)', for ;TIe hath a care and an eye to all the workmanship of His h inds. Our opponent's say, "Why do you do o. and so? Why do 'not you do as we tell you to? religion; take no notice of God's word; believe not in revelationneither in the gathering; stay where you are, and bo one with us and obey the Jaw ot the land. The Jaj or the new civilization, allows houses of ill ur - ; i lS " -- To'spcedily repent. All those who 'watch' for Chriet to come, " of-it- . At times, not only in the west, But over all the sky. : " May sec II ia wayprc-pircd- , And lifting up their hearts, rejoicer These things Tie hath declared. Sal t Lake I. ' City, Jan.. 10th, .. id . . .' - This, twilight mystery appears, A lire ' gether, -- . spoken of in the xvi chapter. Speaking of tho other tribes' He says: "But" I have received n cominandment of the Father that I shall rro unto them, and that they shall hear myvoico, lan d .sinilldjrcjinmj; nhereTrnliyT)e onefold and one Shepherd; there- iore, I go toshow myselt unto them. WlthjgaxJ --4olifHrwel vT'trthcsscattered condition thejyorid is entirely igno-ra- n t ; but I he' h isto ry written of them in t h & Book of Mormon gives us a "knowledge of " them, and many other things, which the world will remain in ignorance of unless they read its pages and judge for themselves." lad vise everyone to read it; if you have not the book purchase one and read it through. It is a true my testimony to. I have history this" read its pages with great interest and delight, ; knowing that it gives an account of the cd man's origin, before his skin became black, and after. It is a wonderful book, and the lineage of i ts people kept so perfectly from generation to generation, and also the time to. mark events so minutely kept,: makes-- ' it the most iiHcrest-in- g book of the age. No one can "read its pages w'uhftut t)eing' forcibly convinced merit; for so Its preservation many centuries, hid up in the carth by its last writer, to come forth by his hand to JocCphSmith to enlighten a dark and benighted worldf and he, Joseph Smith", being blessed with the gift of translation, made its pages clear as the noon-dasun; that all who read may .understand and have joy in its remarkable record. Many would receive a greater light if they would not neglect to read its mspiredTpages. -- -- 1 not ot yoiu ...' Also those who. were". led away by the hand of the Jjord into the north country, thosamc questioning-the-Savior.-wit- Whenever Got! has had a people on t!ic earth, so long as they kept HU holy' laws, aiul "strictly His commandments, they were a distinct jveopV from all others. The ancient! hi jjij,s capacity Tlie children of 'Israel did not mix w;tih other people not acknowledged by God as keeping His laws.' He gave them the mark: of circ.u'n? cision, that they might be distinguished from all others, and to' this day their tradition clings closely to them. Yet many times they were scattered abroad and taken captive by their enemies, but this was on .account of their great rebellion. They turned away from the true and living God to worship idols; but when. they turned away from their sins He forgave them, and they were a blest people, and lived within His fold and the Lord was their Shepherd. 1'ut when the good Shepherd came on the earth and began to call "His sheep and gather them up they would not, neither would they hear His voice, and He said unto them,- St. Mat hew, xxiii chapter, '37th verse, t:0, Jerusa lem, Jerusalem! thou that. killestjM)rophel5,-arr- d stoncsUhem whiehiireiienT unto thee, how often would I have gathered your children; together, even; as Jien gathereth her chickens under Ire inrmgs, andye woiild ntt. jiegathering of the people of God has been " Understood, by thenT in all ages of the world. John the Revelator. alluded to it. in the xviii chapter, 4th verse. "And I. heard another Voice 'from heaven, saying: come out of her my people, that ye: be not partakers of hor sinfe, and tliat ye receive not of her plagues." The Savior compared H is people to shecp He sail, "Tho heep hear my yoice, and the voice of a siraugcr they will not follow." Tins is a true Jsemblauce The Shepherd has His sheep wdthin the fold, and the good Shepherd say?, "He: ieadeth them ibrth to pleasant pas-- ' . tureS." ;. The .Savior calls the Nephites His other slreept and it is referred to by Himself in the x chapter, 10th verse cf St. John. ' 'And other .this fold: them, sh.eep I 'have which are not-oalso must I bring, and they shall hc4tr my yoieeTitnd there shall be one fold and one , Shepherd." . as those who came to" this c7)ntinent, they arc thqain?'liaplcM,"rcajl.:,-;"Fowherever the will .U, ho there earcasi the eagles gathered to 1 - tKnow - PHENOMENON:" How oft in childhood's happy time, Beside the window low, With baby brother on my lap, I watched the twilight glow. Too toon for lamp or caadle light, And yet too dark to see To work or read, the twilight was A calm, sweet hour for me. How many, bright and hallow'd 'thoiiht, My youthful mind would catch, While watching thus tho shadows dim, Across tho landscapo stretch- ' regard to 1 lis coming, He tells them plainly how they arc to know. .Tho2th verse of JKvTdofTd their hate, and ni .do their bow to you. Lion House, Salt Lako City, Feb. "1th, ISf. slieepT have which are 19th verse. "But verily unto vou, that the Father hath commanded me, and I tell i t unto yo u', . that you were ; se pa ra ted fro m their's because of their 'iniquity; thereamong it is because of their iniquity that thniv fore,, ' ' V I ;lst vcKc.::;VAnl He shall send His angels with airroat sound of a trimmer, md lir. ebnir gather together His elect; from the four winds, from one cud of heaven to the other." , " Now it seeny; by this language in Holy Writ that GoTV pcfjple would, be gathered out fro rii all parts of the earth, to prepare themselves Xhv, when they were - I-sa- ' ; efteri?d7nab33 :THTIILI0HT . un- - - " MU i that I should tell one fold and one Shepherd.. ; J jx-ara- -- ' Thon-rsaid--Heunto ' TThat-other not of this fold; them, also, must I bring, and they shall hear my voice, and there shall be rnr-ilc- d twin-agent- to them : ss? them: nation rise against ration, and kingdom again-- t kingdom." 11th verse. "And CJorreat earth shall bam divers places, .and famines ; and pest ii ,rCDcc5: a!Kl fearftilrsigfctarid great signs shall there be iriHicayen." tit, Mathqw, xxvi purpose, heart, and brain, are all combined To aid tho upward progress of 'mankind: one of those, emergencies require, Z-- i'. When grund events are destined la transpire. .With inspiration from the Eternal Source, ' In lucid eloucucfi magnetic forccf"""7" lie pleads the rights of man and woman-kinJ. AVith jndgmcnt, reason, fact, and truhjcojjab" illn&trions work.of God and men Ho plies tho strong speech as d pen. Our friend and brother, may your useful life Be full of years your , with blessings rifO; Long may you live the sword of .Truth to wield, V" ..' Till Peace is crowned, on Zion's battle-fiel' Live till the pure in heart are nnoppreesed Yes, live to sh:ire the Saints' tfiumphjintjest-- - -I- - xagfVl;hd the Father command me sign will chapter: 7th verse "Whose . Now read Book of Mormon, 3d Nephi, f 712 - Ten Commandments say, "Commit ' not adultery." The law, a3 it is defined for us, says, separate" husband and wife; the Scripture says, "What God has joined Jgethcr Jet no man put asunder." The lawof Senator Edbeeii"UccIared constitutional, munds, which-hafame.-T- he s 