TO THE CHILDREN OF TEMPE. I was asked by your president aomethiog to add ; To your entertainment, to make yoar hearts glad, To instruct, edify, pleasa and Mfid3e, . 8& I use. H- - lZZ mitiimjm Bat just what to talk of is hard to decide, Tho world is bo broad, bo deep and bo wide, With so many subjects for thought and for speech, And all bo infinitely ont of my reach; For we don't comprehend the smallest thin g, The tiniest shrub, thatoird on the wing, So . beyond th wisdom of you or I Wo see them live, and we see them die! Bnt we cannot call fromTlha earth's dark breast The lovely flowers our earth has blest, Nor give to the birds the breath and song That cheers our hearts the whole day long. We walk abroad, in the sun's bright ray, That cheers and brightens our earthly way, ' And we boo It silently sink from sight, Leaviug a glow of golden light. And then we watch for tb twinkling etar, And the moon peeping up o'er the hills afar; We gaze, and admire, and love thsm all, But the mantle of mystery still will fall -- O'er our dim mortal eyes, that we may not know Just nowGod governs His' works below; But we know 'tis with wisdom and mighty skill, That.IIis Land guides all to His own great will! All move in harmony grand and true Must study the pago nature holds to view; There is no jarring or discord thenv Only man has marred the picture fair. "They took a leather boat," says Hor- .vutlllg tu ojiumer uorace Jdiiarearre. ly, of our Territory, and ever must be. The lecture begins with a brief, yet fairly compre- - found five of the; brethren, Isaac Morley, George W. Harris. Phinehas ll'wh Snow and Bro. Miller, waiting for them they sociated with the geography of Utah. This done, a review of the Utah past is beguupar-ticula- r stress being laid upon the cricket war, grasshopper devastations, the result of. the approach- of Johnston's army, and the difficulties all got into the bolt" with them and went back, -making seven in all, there being a heavy wind up stream; the waye3 were very high, they were momentary danger of upsetting, as Brotlier Kimball said who steered the boat, but they laudedsafely-withou- t any accident at the place from whence they started." ", TIere;at the mouth of the creek, - they built a brush bridge two of them, Brother Kimball an d Wm. Snow, rode up the river about two miles to see rf they jcould find any better place for the ferry than here they returned, not having found any, consequentlyjtwas agrced to establish it here. One or two of the brethren then took the others back over the river in ' the leather boat, and they then returned. He says, "The, brethren up to "this date have cut from 1500 to 2000 tons of hay, the most of which is already stacked." He "also mentions the arrival of Uncle Joseph Young and family that evening. There were then rising of 800 wagons in. the three camps, which were situated ' m me iorm oi a triangle. On the morning of the" 8th Bishop Whitney and Bros. Woolley and Van Cott started for St. Louis to purchase goods, also Wm. Kimball, Colonel Kane,)aniel Davis and Orson K.Whit: ney started for Nanvoo. On the 11th Wm. returned with O. P. Rockwell, the latter having started for Mt. Pisgah. "They came to bring back some bed clothes, etc,belonging to Bro. Jedediah M. Grant, that were taken away by Col. Kane. They had gone about hfteen milea nr. t.hp-.fm. the village when he (the Colonel) told them ho did not feel able to go through by land, consequently they came back and put him on board the steamer "General Brooks," letting Wm. take his horse, and agreed to meet him at Nau-vdin which if ha failed he was to keep the . . , It is sad to think how he turned away. From God, and troth, and the light of dy, To wander in darkness, and 6in, and strife, Away, far away, from the paths of life. But children dear, there is joy for you, If you will be noble, good and true, For a messenger came from the throne above, Eringisg glad tidings of mercy and love. He brought the gospel and left the key That opens the way for you and me; Even the way that our Savior trod, Holding fast to the Iron rod, men t. r : o, That will lead you safe by the mansion high, Whose Inmates scoff as you pas3 them by; That will keep you still, though the wild seas roar, And wreck, and ruin lie on tho shore. That will whisper peace to the troubled soul, And guide life's bark o'er every shoal, , 'Till it reach the haven of peace and rest In the golden city, redeemed and blest. S. E, R. October SO, ISSi. horse."::::; " . Saturday, 12th, a council .wa3 - ; held, atTwhTch the following resolutions were made: 1st Tat all dogs should be tied up at sunset and not Released till the next morning at sunrise. 2nd That no firing of guns should be permitted within hearing of the camp either by night or day,andat such things should cease wholly at sunset. 3rd That no timber should be cut down for fuel which would answer itie purpose for building, and that when anyone wanted wood they were to apply to S tepheh Winchester and Father. Eldredge, who would instruct them" cwhen and where to fell trees. ; It was particularly enjoined on .the brethren to spare the walnut trees, which had been already cut down in great numbers to procure walnuts. , TRAVELS BEYOND THE MISSISSIPPI. -- BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. 1 (Continued.) On the 3rd the committee sent to confer with the above named tribes brought in their report of the same. "They had seen the chiefs of the Omahasv Big Elk and Standing Elk, his son, who signed the article which they had drawn upjreqiiesting their consent to remain . one or two or more years. Both tribes are very anxious to have all the improvements we shall leave behind. The Otoes were anxious that we should not close with the offer of the Omaha3 and go up the river, because there they would have no clue to the improvements we shall make, whereas if we stay where we are they consider themselves entitled to every thing we shall leave behind. A committee was appointed by the council to look out a good place for cattle and to see about the removal of the ferry up the river near here.". On the 5th my father,accompanied by Bros. 0. Pratt, W. Woodruff, J. M. Grant, Horace Eldredge and several others, set out in pursuit of a new ferrying place. A committee met them from the other side ofthe river by agree . - UTAH: AST, PRESENT AND FUTURE. A hasty announcement drew a small audience together at the theatre on Monday night when Robert W. Sloan gave his lecture on Utah Past, Present and Future. On the platform were seated Prest. W. Woodruff and Presidents Angus M. Cannon and Charles W. Penrose., President Cannon introduced the speaker with a few appropriate remarks, and the young man plunged into his subject with earnestness and enthusiasm. asThe subject i3 one, notwithstanding-thsertion of the author to the contrary, of profound interest, to the young people,especial. e encountered in battling Indians. - The present of Utah deals with her and'abuu-danceo- f the .her mineral resourcos, her manufae" tures, and her credit as an outgrowth of the conditions peculiar to her peoplej conditions likely to win for the Territory permanent prosperity and future greatness. lhe lecture concludes with a view of the future that awaits the Territory ifjier young people only:take"advanlapf 'the rare oppor;. tunities that await them in a land so richly blessed as this, if ihey will only prove worthy the blessings left theni by- - the pioneers, and which God has placed within their reach. It .is an exhortation to the young to prove themselves worthy their grand parentage and make the country they inhabit great as they become r great themselves. The lecture was loudly and feelingly applauded whenever any touching or emotional sentiment was portrayed in words. He seemed to feel all and more than he said, and his manner indicated his intense interest in the theme he had so graphically worked upjmd jpon which he had bestowed much precious time and thought. We egret-that not be produced in the different wards of the : city, forit is one calculated to inspire an ambition in the youth of Zion to press on to nobler aims and higher resolves, and to attain to that aBiallcnAoa whio-- ia the result of purity of lift and nobility of purpose. agricul-.turaleapaeit- varietl-charact- er i . : e-lecture-couhr -r- , h NOTES AND NEWS. L On chis eighty-fourt- h 'birthday Mr. Geo. Bancroft received congratulations from all -parts of the world, cablegrams co minor from Germany, England, and France. Patents have been granted to women during the week ending Oct. 14, as follows: Lslia C. Harrison, New Haven,Conn., Hitching Device. Margaret E. Knight, Ashland, Mass., Gar- -' men t Clasp. - The corporation of the New England Hospital for Women and Children held its annual meeting on Tuesday. From the dispensary report it appears that the number of patients during the year was 10,403; new patients, 4,- v"l60; treated at Home, .834. Mrs. Ednah D. Cheeny read th annual report. Dr. Emma Culbertson is added to the staff of dispensary physicians: There is only, a small debt re. maining. The student whom t he John Hopkins university refused because she was a woman, Martha Carv Thomas, of Baltimore, ha3 just received tlie degree of Ph. D. summa cum laude,the fourth and highest degree which the University ot Zu rich can bestow. Think of America sending her Republican daughters to the heart or Eu rope to receive their degrees of lofty scholarship! Think of Europe emerging from her medievalism before America! Think of the universities of Switrland, of Italy, of Austria, of Sweden, of France, shaming 'Columbia and Harvard! ' Atoll on the throne of God, and not below, jn the. footprints of a trampling multitude, are the sacred rules of right, which no majorities can displace or overturn. Charles Sumner. y, 