THE CAPTIVE HEART, My heart was once a caed bird. ' " ol'f T That'Iipped Its FrWwn barai therigiitrjap3Teft5tl , - -- A form bo fair, of heavenly mold, Moving along with dainty gjace, That e'eri the earth flowera crowd, her path; V They rare had pcci bo sweet a face. -- The bird Us heavenward course forgot, And quickly back to earth it flew, Into that bosom nestling crept, , Captive again, for love of you. Now, gentle friend, my heart restore, And let It wander fancy free; Or If yon will not, fair exchange, And let thy heart my captive be. Salt Lake City, Feb. 7th, - im. 'Tis rain to kneel beside the grave Of burled hopes and pleasures, And sigh for the companionship Of those decaying treakures. 'TIs vain to brood o'er boars misspent In idleness and sorrow, And Beak to expiate their lo?s By borrowing from the morrow. 'Tis vain to think that cruel words Can be recalled when 6poken, That In the breasts wherein they rise They leave no trace or token. Sa lixa At ki nsT A VENERABLE WOMAN. PRESENDIA.. IiATUBOr, KIMBALL Continued."- After Sister Presendia had moved into her He-bpresent home in the 16th Ward, President 0. Kimball gave her on one occasion a peculiar blessing. Bro. Kimball was a man who er when he was not too much annoyed with: worldly cares wa3 fullT)f blessings for the Saints, and especia,lly tender of his .own family, and often blest and prophesied upon those with whom he was closely associated- .- This particu lar "blessing he told Sister Presendia to write and it should every word come to pass it was , given April 7th, 1862.; "T wanf. vnn Trpcpnlfl fn crn fn t lift Til A PA T have bought of Daniel Morse and take care of it as my property, and yon snail dc Diesi in an your labors, and everything shall prosper in your hands; be liberal and kind to the poor and to the sick and;- of your means and strength; uph'61d me in your prayers and faith." The angels that have guarded mc throngh. life are those that guarded the ancient apostles in the days of Jesus, they will be your guardian angels, and the hand that Ja raised against you - - t. ful chastisement ; J sorrow- -' over five years ago, and 1 have hot forgotten it, although I sometimes ' think I scarcely know hoi to do, for in an-- , cieijt times, according to the Bible, they were very strict. If . we read the 13 ih chapter of -TExodusl2nd and 3rd verses it saysSix days thou shalt labor, but on the eeventji day there shall be to you a holy day, a sabbath of rest to the IiOrd; whosoever doeth work therein shall be put to death. Ye shall kindle no fire in Sabbath day." And upon 1the your habitations rr . l cc i verse: "V i :i i we reaa in xumDers izna iumcnap., "And while the children of Israel were in tne wilderness they found a man that gathered and they that sticks upon the Sabbath-da" y, . ! . 1 . -- ' j uucatntuuti peauiencerxne.sworapna iam-in- e would make their cities waste arid deso- ; V times, but I received a very severe and CAU-t- L J the 13th verse, it says that it was a sign that ye; may know that I am the Lord that doth tify you. Leviticus 2Gth chap, and 15th verse slkvs: "And If vp. will dpsnisn mv ftfuimps nr if .A j your soul abhor my judgment', so that ye will not do ail my commandments- ,- but that ye break my covenants: I also will do this unto vnm T1." :wnMlI PVPn 'nnnmnr. nxrer vaii wrrnr Mn. sumption, and .the burning ague, that shall consume your eyes and cause sorrow: of. heart: aud ye shall sow your seed in vain, for your : enemies shall eat it. And I will set my face against you, and ye shall be slain before your enemies' Much more is said, and in other places the Lord says if they do not repent He will bring seven times more upon them until 11 n t.:- - v IT 11 u uugu ii uugu y.uvj tub Viilil .'. 1. 1 1 I. J it .IMJ. ftuu uaugu ici s, utwi . carry uu iiieic ciuiuren, i i ii 'ni. . late. .After speaking all this the 34th verse says: "Then shall thes land enjoy her Sabbaths as long as it lieth desolate,, and ye be in your enemies' hand; even then shall the Jand rest, ' and enjoy her Sabbaths. - e4 35th. "As long as it lieth desolate it shall rest.! herinseAt did-Ti- nt wstnii vrtnr'Sahrmtlia when yc dwelt upon it. Of course this was given to the children of Israel, but if we rea Isaiah Iviii, 13, 14, we nna great promises are made to those who observe it:' "And if thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day, and call the Sabbath a delight, the hoi v of the Lord honorable, thou Bhalfc honor . 1 TT t mm, not doing thine own ways, , nor hnding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words, then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord; and I will cause thee to ride upon the high: placese of the earth, and feedri-x.-thee with the e i it. e i"ii t tr ueriiago in dacuu, my laiuer, ior meraouiu oi the Lord hath spoken it" :We also read in the Doctrine and Covenants, 224th page, what has been revealed in this dispensation in regard to the Sabbath day. "And that thou mayest keep thyself unspotted from the world, thou shalt go to the house oi prayer and olier up thy sacraments upon my holy day. For verily this is a day appointed unto you to rest from your lab si, ur iiu jjay iny uevuuuus uuiu J? . . . , T St. George. -- nil flip rrmrrr0nrfltJnr clioll stone EinTwith stones without the camp. And all the congregation brought hi m wi thou t the r.amn find trnrrl him wifV fnnrifl nml K 'AX&A -- We surely ought to appreciate the privileges we enjoy; we are free to speak and act, but I sometimes think we are apt to do wrpng on account of not understanding our duty as we should. There are so many nationalities among us, each having their own peculiar notions, that we are apt to partake of their ways, unless we study and reflect for ourselves. The Sabbath it is designed for day, for instance; some think " a day of pleasure, but it is several years since I went pleasure seeking on a Sabbath, without it was to go to meeting or Stake Conference, or. so methi eTTrTirJthe Baviorf rigcfxhatratuf said when He was asked. if it was lawful to heal ou the Sabbath day, "That if any man had a sheep and it fell into a pit on the Sabbath day; will he not lay hold on it and lift it out? HowX much more is a man better than a sheep?; Wherefore it is lawful- - to do well on the Sabbath days" (Matt xii, 12). Some may ssk, did not you used to go pleasure seeking on the: . 'Tis vain to hope reward to reap . For Service never given; , "When God shall sift tbe good from bad, And welcome them to heaven. - . v,TaA tioj.hy,pat hfi nut. tn dpnlJi THE SABBATH DAY. 'TIs vain to hope to lead a life Of usefulness and duty, If in the soul the grace of God 8blue not In all its beauty. - I i ' - 'Zl ITmniTi my household "into the house " 'TIs va in to try to honl the- wounds For unkind actions given, Or tie the cord that sweetly Uads Onr hearts to each, when riven. u T-g- ot i .. LONELY THOUGHTS, - Alter ' to iuuic.uvci auu ueu caie mvnflw hma (n fhn .Lord; he said when I had it cleaned and prepared he would, but without waitiug for him I dedicated it myself to the best of my ability, and with all the faith I could enrnmand menced to clear up around and nrenare for makino a garden, ' and planting trees and shrubs of various kinds. These grew and were luxuriant and fruitful, a more prolific garden there is not in the city. I also bought a loom aud everything necessary to carry on and to make carpet and kinds of homeweaving manu- factured cloth. I have done all my own domestic work and never have neglected waiting on and attending to the sick, for I felt it was my mission in this life." Sister Presendia has indeed been an angel of mercy at the bedside of many of the Latter-da- y Saiuts when' sick, and often, Very often in- - r deed, soothed their sufferings' when dying. She has acted as a midwife and in faith and humility has done a noble work in this capacity." Her path has not been "strewn with flowers, but sharp and cruel thorns have pierced her as it were on every hand, but now in her later years, when her head is silvered o'er, and the experience of her former life rises up before her, she bows meekly in humble acknowledgement and submission, and says it was good for her to pass under the rod of affliction, for she has learned to appreciate tha feelings of others, and knows how to sympathize with the trials and sorrows of those who must pass through fcimilar orla.Ia if they eicpot to obtain a celestial glory and exaltation. WhUa kimTnThtjbrongh the linden trees It atop ped to chant a simple lay; When looking down it saw, forsooth, One of God's anele pass that way. PREST IT (V -- ue7 From home aiid friends Roared far avray. -A- ftd-tirengW A11rhf himi imfA n him in ward, because it was not declared what should be done to him. And shall surely' A to-da- ' ORIGINAL. shall be stayed, and it .shall not prosper. 1 want you when you. get moved y to write this Messing, and it will be fulfilled; now go in peace and prosper. The blessing of , , ; ' : lue-iuu- O 1 1 i " j fc nnd 8omethingsimilar to the promise m Isaiah "Verily I say, that inasmuch as ye do this the fulness of the earth is yours, the beasts of the neia ana tne iowis oi ine air, ana inai wnicn climbeth upon the trees, and walketh upon the .1 .1' JVi nnn mnrA ava Pflrr.n t la niPflflinor tr rtiA tbt i3 and gladdening to the heart promised. This alone sh6uld induce our young people to keep sabred t.hf SahhatlTdav. far thev all likflthis- world'a riches; but it is better to do a3 our Savior said: "Seek ye first the Kingdom of God, and His righteousness, and then all these thingoliall J)e added unto-yo- u. -- Mary J. Morrison. ' Spanish Fork, May 24 th, 1884. " The philosophers, as Varro tells U3, counted up three hundred an dtwenty answers to the question, "What is the supreme good?" How needful, then, is a divine revelation, to make n plain what is the true end of our being! " Edwards. Ty--ro- . 