V WOMAN1 44 IKE Editor, jpi In Salt Lake aty,. Utah Terms: Lr.e copy one year, $2. 00; one copy six months no Tfln tmlea for the prtce. of; nine,. Yemsitifc rates: Each s fa are, ten lines of nonpareil epace, one discount to time, $2,50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal ' ' f-rejraiar advertisers. of Z. C. M. north Expo se irr Office, in brick building iMt Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. ra.to " rabUfeJbcd XV ONE NT E . testimony of JesuS, Had it will bs In this Instance ai it ever has been, iThe blood of the martjr" will be "the seed of the Church.' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EMHELI5E B. WELLS, S , semi-monthl- y, .vvAll thepartrcuJr enooFwe have not us jet'beep to ni'tfce one wetland mourn for ready known Jh jse who have thti bsen cat jcff Iri the prTme pf manho Jd, and for the dear ones to whom they vfer' bound by the purest and holiest ties of hu vutjo man love. . . mm . , - ' svery dayy except Sunday. . Address all business communications to ... Publisher "Wokah's Kxposett, Salt LaTce City rial.. EDITORIAL KOrES. HALT LAKE CITY, - - 15. UbV. AUGUST SADOCCURRENCE. There are great events traospirtn at the present time which cannot fail Las bring to the 8aints the truth of 1he inlad of every Latter-ds- y fulfilment of prophecy, anientjdpjlernt Oae of the mast notable occurrences is the great eorthquake which took placj a short tlmeazo in EoK'and. and there was a terrifl;; hcck on the 1 0th of thl3 mcntrrT3n the eastern coast of lb e Unite 1 State?, extending from Sandy Hook to Portland, Maine. Although no great damage, or very serious at least, was done, yet it carried consternation to many thousands of reople and 111, noidoubt,help to fill men and women with urror and dtsm3y,aa has been prophesied should be the case in the last days. Assuredly the Lord ia showing His indignation by thunderings and Ugutalngs anl "earth q lakes in divers places,'-- ; and otber gieat ca5aiaUi83"and accldenlshjch" veeni to ba constantly . transpiring and fear is tak-in- g hold upjn .fclhe peoplp, notwithstanding manyasaert to the cmtrary. The wicked still continue tr persecute the Saints and seek the Jives of those who are laboring (6 proclaiia the Gospel to thu honest among - the nations. The latent instance of mobocracy oceurred In a place ciHed Cane Creek, Lends Co., Tenes-ee- e on Sunday, August 10, while a meeting was baipg held on the farm of a man named Conner. Twelve ma3ked men appeared upon lne icene, ami it U aatQntrc!eI!y stated that rive persons (at lea-- t) are kilJeJ anJ on el worn an thought to be fatally wouuded, Mrs. Conder, wife of the inau jjm whoe ar.n the meeting was being held. What pain ?hat anguish of pouI will be' caused by this terrible -t- ragedy. I n hones tybuDg meii, sent to proclaim the g tad tidings of salva-tloand' seeking to bring souls to a knowledge of the truth. Leaving home and all the tender associations of kindred and friends; going without purse or scrip" as the Great Example instructed His disciples to, depriving themselves of the comforts and privilege they enjoyed in Zion willingly to labor in the Master's vineyard. It is hardly creditable that such dark deeds coold have been enacted as the killing of these Elders while engaged in devotional exercises on the Sabbath day; that such a candition of things could exist In this land of religious liberty. Yet so It'.Is. How humiliating to think that our poor country cfwhich we have been so proud to boast ha? fallen iuto such What a blight, what a stigma on the eseutcaeon, that mlnhtera of the Gospel Jesus taught, while in the discharge of their Important duties should be attacked by a mob armed and disguised; their lives threatened, and some even slain.. But they are slain for the ' , '- -. - . and-sufferin- g; nocent,-inotJtnsive- ," n . far-fame- d die-gra- ce. ca-tion'- a ill-cie- nt money will be raised by the energy and at this Fair to buy the f !?4$tiie rV Ouitreaders will doublles a be pleased with the very ably written address ofMrs Lu Dal ton, delivered on the 24th of July in Beaver. So much space is occup!e4 by the publication of this address that we are unable to commence (ho Biography of Sister Patty Sessions in thU number, but intend doing so In September 1st. However, we think the article a very exccUt-none and the themene oil which too much eiuj--n- jt -- . t 5 p. m. ' Tjik Ladies" fair of Sjmmit County has been opened at Coalville. It U expected that si. Si&tek Zina D. H. Young, who has been in Lgan fora 8horfctlmepattcilleiatingIn theTem pie, came down to the city cn Saturday, Aug. 9. 8he has during her stay in Cache ValJey, in addition to her labors in the Temple, visited eevtral of the.iettlement and attended meet-in- gs of the He lief Society and Prim ary Associations, At Mlllville there was a very Interest ing annual meeting of the Itelief Socle ty,and Ihe singing was done by twelve of the larger girls of the Primary, who rendered some choice se lec tions in their awect fresh voices, and which was a charming feature of the, meeting. At Lewidtoa the Itelief Society had never been visited by the slaters from Salt Lake and they were indeed greatly pleased and rejoieeJ to, have S also visl ted terJ5ina;Si3ttir Presendia-Kimb- all most of the settlements with Sister Zina and also went to MeaJowville to visit relatives. Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith went to Morgan on Friday, the first of Augaat, toattend the Siiters" Conference of that Stake. She returned on Monday evening, August 4. During the con. ferecce Sister Eliza the Y. L. M. I. A. of Mergan Stake, which became ntcetsary on account of the resignation of Bister Mary, Jon e "Too mar," who expects shortly to move away. Sister Susannah Heiner was elected Presiden'; and Sisters Mary Welcii and Turner her Couii-eelor- be said. Articles on hand for publication: ConfefeLcu of Y. L. and Pimary Associations, of Millar i Stake, A Birthday Party of Patriarch B. F. Johnson, Relief Society Conference of Sanpete Stake, ,Mu3ie,' and "Musings" from Orango-ville,Tthe Girls, Cofrespondence, from Pine Valley, Woodruff and Hyrum,an essay signed At F., and a very ably written letter fVouo Lale. These articles are considered suitable and will te published as soon as practicable. o SERMONS AND WR TINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. illS TEACHINGS TO THE RELIEF SOCIETY. . zed s. ' On the 16th of July we had the pleasure, Ju company; with Sister Bathsheba W. Smith,' of attending the Relief bodety Conference of Da- vis Stake, held at Kaysvllle, Sister Nancy A.. Clark presiding. Bishop Barton of that place attended both morning and afternoon session. The Relief Society of that 8take is in a very profperou8 condition; the sisters who take part in it are faithful, earnest and energetic. After the Conference adjourned the two Primary Asi eociationb met in Joint ' session, Sister Jane Blood presiding. There were a great numb3f cf children, and. they observed the most excellent order. The singing was particularly sweet and Uiejxerjjjfeeswe reverywellrendered- r- is terr Aureiia 8. Rogeri who presides over the P. A. of that Stake takes the deepest interest in the' advancement of the little people in the Primary; and is untiring in her labors through the coun- ty. : ' , .. We devote most of the editorial columns of this issue to the teachings of Joseph the Prophet given to the Rellsf Society in Nauvoo. Much of this matter has been published in the Exponent some j ears since, and also in the Contributor, August, 1882, but as there Is still need of teaching to many not acquainted with these things, and all may not have riad it or even seen it, it seems highly proper to republish, especially for the benefit of the tisttrs actively engaged in the labors pertainiDg to the Relief. Society, and who have not the opportunity of hearing so .much valuable icstructiou as those residing in this Stake We trust the sisters will not onlyread these articlei will be continued In the next number), bat(ait will preterve the papers, that these important things may be kept on record. of-Zlo- n. i 28, 1842. At two o'clock, p.m., I met members of the "Female Relief Society, ; "April the and after presiding at the admission of many new members, gavea Itcture on the Priesthood, showing how tho sisters would come in possession of the privileges, blessings and gifts of tho Priesthood, and that the signs should folJjvr tbemBuch as healing the sick, IjTetcan'd that they mfgFt atfain onto Uiese blessings by a virtuons life and conversation, and diligence in keeping all the commanjmcnis; u synopsis of which was reported by Miss E. R. casgudev Snow: "President Joseph Smith arose and drew the attention of the meeting to the 12th chapUr, 1 Corinthians 'Now concerning spiritual gifts, 1 would not have you Ignorant.' Said that the passage in the third verse, which readaNo man . cn say, that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost should be translated, No man can know that Jesus is the Lord, bat by the iioly Ghost He continued to read the chapter, and 4 give Instructions respecting the different offices, and the necessity of every Individual acting in the sphere allotted him or her, and filling the several offices to which they were appointed. "Spoke of ihe di8positIon of many men to con- - thelowfofllceir hlTh"eJnrch dlehonora---bland to lookwiths Jealous eyeaupouthe "Sjjfcr e, standing of others who are called to preside over them. That it was the folly and nonsense of the human heart for a person to be aspiring to other stations than those to which they are appointed of God for them to occupy; that it was better for individuals to magnify their respective callings, and wait patiently till God shall say to them, 'Come op higher.' "He said the reason of these remarks bslng made was, that some little foolish things were circulating in the Socle iy,against some of the ! ters not doing right In laying bands on the sick. Said that If the people had common sympithlef they Would rejoice that the sick could be healed; that the time had not been before that these things could bs in their proper order; that the Church is not fully organized, in its proper order, and cannot be, until the Temple is complet-- . tdwhere placet will be provided for the admln iitratlon of the ordinances of the Priestuocd. "President Smith con tinned the subject, by quoting the commission given to the ancient 