W OM A N 'S beautiful season this yearrain gather all our crops. The UltCki enough to put UUU UlUHIi. JLUC been greatly XkVXlCJL .j doing well, also the Primary and the Y. L.M: I; A., which has only been organized a short time. The officers are as follows: Mrs. Lcnora Savage, President; Mrs. Cecelia Owens and Mrs. Mi car A nhw AlrtftnQ -- Woods, Secretary ; Miss Elsie 0 weDs, Treasurer. We have about twenty-fiv- e members, and we . hold our meetings dnce a week and have every other one a work meeting. In them we are learning to make flowers lace, gloves, and to braid hats, and do such useful work. We hold conjoint meetings once a month .wi.th the Y. M. M. I. A. We can see that our meetings are a great benefit to us: it makes us feel as though we were not so much out of if we are away out in Arizona. We feel like Dressing forward and being up to our duty as' Latter-daV Sam t3. : Ever wishing for the success of the Exton- v.?iT. and all who wnrk riVhfpnnanpss' T rpmnin Your sister in the Gosnel of nonce. ' , nT-r- -- the-worl- d ; y : X X M. 7 . Gardner. . external increase." "Rnlipf So heloViu "the raeeU County Stake, t.TiA ciety of Utah ing house, Provo City, August 29th,, 1884, Counselor .Mary John presiding. Conference opened by singing and prayer, reading of minutes of former conference, and reports from the different wards of the county, etc. Bister John felt pleased to meet with" the' sisters in. conference again; thought our reports' were good wished to hear verbal reports from ' the presidents and hoped the' sisters would speak their minds freely. Wc can all say something of this great work in which we are ' . engaged, etc. In responding to the call the presidents rep resented the sisters as on. the increase in laith and good works, ever ready to aid in any and every good work presented "to them. As the morning was far spent after singing and " " 2 p.m. Afternoon session opened with the usual exercises. A few of the presidents who had not given in their reports in the morning, now a short, time in doing so, and as there were quite a number of the brethren present, they were invited to speak to us. jjruuuer jc. xu. uynma saia: i trust tnat m tViA hfivA I shall sneaking . w S v 1 7 O horted the sisters to be "speakers. Said they were sometimes accused of talking too much, w men was oiten true ol men as well as women. The Lord gave w omen - the faculty of talking r that they might educate their children in the more finer virtues. Mothers should be educated as thoroughly as fathers in the Gospel of Christ. Mothers are more responsible than fathers for the state' of society they have more the. care of the youth and their influence reaches farther. Most children would leave father for mother, hence Jhe .greate- r- the responsibility of the mother, and the mothers in Zion have the greatest. The spirits of superi- or beings are coming, and will still come, and we wish to prepare ourselves that they may come to holy parents, that a righteous seed may be raised up with a fear to do wrong. The woman nas the chiet mission iu this regard. I recommend you .to' be energetic, be speakers. Every time we bear our testimony to the truth -of this work and the Prophet Joseph, we gain strength and a blessing. If you desire to see your sons honored and respected and saved in oc-cupi- ed J . v-t- A. eviTT7 , . i- of-th- -. ings of the servants of the Lord to guide us and it is ouirjyjjjiiiowheiij, TM Aimtirneis "TEorTand there is a work to do. Was willinto (loill she could, but had not had the chancB that the young ladies now have, but if we will do the will of God we will be all right. Hia promises are sure and we can rely "upon them Let us bo faithful and fulfil the covenants wo' have made with our Father in Heaven. .. aT 'PI. ..! .1 ASSt. oec-iue ciicuitti ivs ,tuei icuu11uy me on the retary calling Rejief Society to assist in Tabernacle.' the building Singing an anthem1 - President Smoot said he co'uld t bear his test re m arks oi A post e ;mony to the truth Lyraan. Eternal lives" is the greatest gift of . God; we can never attain to an eternal increase without the celestial law; seek to know your proper status we should hate to wake up in the resurrection and find ourselves without, an' . eternal increase; I anorry so many speak so" lightly of that law. You will be held responsible for your teachings toyour children on that "J ' principle. . Brothers H. H. Cluff and D John endorsed-th- e , remarks of the previous speakers, arid ex-horted the sisters to continue faithful in all 1 -- e ; good .works, etc. , Sister John said, T feel to bear my testimony -- to the .truth of what has been said. I know them to be .true, etc.--' We will sing and ad" journ our meeting for three months. " Singing, "The Spirit of God like a fire is Lyman. prayer conference adjourned until amrnpt Is ever speak, nor allow your children to speak burning." : Mirmtps of the Confprpnrft nf do good titid . Woodruff, Apache Co:, Arizona. utah-coun- . against celestial marriage. iSoinanor woman that does not istirlpd to ;a wife or husband embrace that principle. You mothers ought to educate your. children in that principle; you cannot have your husbands or children with- out that law, for without that: law there is no lO kJUVltJf NJT -- , jopaTe )UIU . -- jhLeiroodJtel PONE the celestial kingdom, be industrious workers in the yocietv and in the Kingdom of God, We JVel very grateful for their help, and think it shows replace that which has been lost; ; - EX BenedicilgnbyVpotIeLICI. " . lono;i;f Jti "Ill.wb tUn T.rT,4 Budy-e- . BEAR LAKE STAKE. 1T' T)Ji " 9 . Hart. Singing an anthem, "The earth is the Lord 's." The Sacrament was then administered. Jlhe statistical and financial report was read by the Stake Secretary, Sister E. Pugmire. Prest. Lindsay had a tew items of, business to lay before the society which she explained. Referring to the Hospital, said that the money as well as the articles "sent last spring were very -vy asniucu acceptaoie - to tnat institution. pleaded and encouraged with the young ladies' ineetinirs: -knew that thev must have- wnrkc. j hard toO'have accomplished as much as they nad, and exnorted tnem to continue in well doinsr. Sister L. M. Hart was then nominated to take the position of second Counselor; which .was unanimously sustained by vote of the peo- . rm. Budge, Jas. H. mond. Caroline Daniels, Secretary. . and George Hart ' Os- ' Prest. Wm. Budge said, We are increasing in numbers and we are increasing in faith. There are great numbers of Saints that see tho necessity of attending their meetings now that - ConMinutes of the Twelfth ference of the Relief Society of the Bear Lake Stake, Sunday 10 a.m. Meeting called to order by Prest Julia P. Lindsay. Siiigii)g,"ilail to the brightness of Zion's glad morning." Prayer by Bishop John A. Hunt. Singing, "The Lord is King." Minutes of last conference read and accepted.- - Prest. Lindsay had enjoyed the meetings on the two previous days and asked an interest in the faith and prayers of the Saints to assist them in their labors through the day. The following branches were then represented: St.. Charles, Fish Haven, Garden City, Randolph, Blooraington, Paris 1st and 2nd Wards, Ovid, Liberty, Montpelier, Georgetown and Cottonwood. Those of Laketown, MeadowviUe, Woodruff and Saleratus Creek, Bennington, Soda Springs and Preston were not represented. Prest Lindsay said it had been customary to read the written reports as well as the verbal reports, but this morning thought it would be. well to omit those who had been reported, and read only the ones from settlements that had not been reported. The reports were then read' by the Secretary, showing that a good work was being done by ' the Rel ief Society. , The sisters reported an excellent feeling prevailing in all the wards, and the sisters trying to live better lives and the commandments of the Lord. You all understand that I have been laboring with but ohe counselor most of the time-sincappointed to the Stake Presidency on ac- count of ' the sickness of Sister Rich. "She has Qften asked to be released, but I have declined until now when I do not feel able to do the work, and Sister Cdllings is not very strong. We have concluded that under the" circumstances it would be better to have a younger woman to assist ' us. Sister Richis a faithful woman and would be glad to assist U3 if she could; wished the faith and prayers of the Saints to be exercised in her behalf. Spoke of the building of the Tabernacle and desiredThe assistance of the sisters in this important matter that they might assist the brethren. Counselor E. Collings. We have. the teach- Semi-Annu- al . . . to-kee- p, e . did not years ago. This is a time of great us. to It is time we were making importance improvement, and drawing nearer to God. The spirit of the times suggests this. The time is coming when there will be a general disturbance; the wicked will fight with the .wicked and we cannot tell how soon it will come. The day i3 also drawing near when the Son of God will come in His glory. When these things appear they will try the faith of those that can be shaken. All that can be shaken will be shaken and those who are not established in the truth with full purpose will-fal- l. How careful we be to to the ought get spirit of the Gospel. The wicked are enraged. What is the matter? The Lord said He would establish His kingdom never more to be thrown down, and the ' adversary knows that his time is short and a-fe- , " lispa nil Vila InfliiAnfO 7 nntinna must be 'as charitable as possible. Practice .what you preach. Walk up close to those who tr kpp.n1 thp" laws" nf. - Gnd. Gave . arp. trvinoO J : . i a1 i.j msrrucuoas 10 ine sisiera m ru- mnuy pointeu hnshnndin kppninfo the in flssistintr " r re their e tci - . - -- commandments of God. Prest Hart wa3 very much pleased at having the pleasure of being home again and able to meet with the people of St. Charles. Always Ten joyed the meetings of the sisters and was much interested in the instructions given, they would make us wise unto salvution. They give U3 joy and satisfaction in this world, and glory an d exaltation -- h ereafter.jIt --Js - the kingdom -thatrinritsndevelopmerit will influence apd mould'all ther institutions to His will. This work is preparing us for the great advent of the Savior's ediaing. We should be thankful, for the position we occupy here in the valleys of the mountains. No power can destroy us, as this Church will stand though the heavens and earth may pas3 away. Prest. Osmond congratulated the sisters up on the success of their conference. Saw an other great necessity of a house to meet in. We have heard a great many good instructions and kntiw them. to be true. Wemust, never expect to wear a crown unless we work ... : 