WO M AN PONENi EX S In behalf of Dimick Huntington, deceased, X. .Jacol 1,iCse l&n wbilcrthe T01TF 7rrginal mem brrs, with Aunt Fanny, supported by who epokefor her, were stahdinir in a emcrro-on the and was ; stage, truly a very littlo scene. JSDRESiHO lbrc8?ercilelivered KIM HA LI Zeb-"lo- 5bou!-- It And be higher grateful Ijai in fv trum'jK't-f-niai- TJnd praise, pens than mine to sfng-lbC ; to thy memory raise, breathing round .. grvtfi no uncertain sound! the truth regarding thee,: to sp.-awhieh would nil a Hut craves k imn iBinean original A vohiragrand anrec. ;,:A M rile, Toay that written for thq occafiun :: " : "r ll'oeiu. gratifyi)r aspect wo hcre'toKiiuLlShJti tight Obmoro' attrjictlvences than a etore of tbinln' - - - r . : inarlial A race of fire; '' '; . :"d """ "T-7""- , . v-- honored name Since it .first &hone conspicuously upon the roll of " ;' fame. Viv, eiuce Ihe buid "Sjward" - drew forth his plitteiiug sword "TiTTBe prclent time, did af-hisfry room for our name ' '.'--. ford. In the eleventh centnry, (more . ' . When you in times of need were ever nigh, Not only to tho rich, but chiefly to the poor - Thy aid was freely civen o'er and o'er;' ' faultier," that - none recreant had '" " ; ; " !.lL!i.hcrQwe iicc-- ' gopdryri u ml me"f ' Inclined to hies each. o'thet and all errors to forget. those who love the Gospel its riches still proclaim, And never dim the lustre of their grand, historic nam?. And those who may : have stpp'd aside in a dark rind' ' . .. .....J" ; trying day, Beform at once, and travel on the brjghIelJl-wa.v- TeTrwen this jn ort.al lifu is o'er and all it dalh'f-hil- l rett, - - " - -- " . May all now present meet again in mansions of the " ' heitWl LtTAM CLK(,0. ' This was followed by songs, recitations; next dancing;, how we did dance. .The old ones led oat, then "c;amr.thc every eye beamed love, and every lip was wreathed in smiles. uch ot on r enjoyment was due on r kind end noble z 'friend, Brother Boy cr, who devoted himsc-i-f to our enjoy- ''mcnt the whole evening; "his kindness shaJI never re forgot." Supper, and such a banquet! it was grand! The table did not groan exactly, tut we did- - Over two VT '"'' partook of the baanteous feast. At i.ibJiiight we separated, each heart filled with gratitude and love for such a "never to be forgotten" event."" - - -- li'j-dr- ed ' ".. A jneiufHT of the Huntington family.; . l .1 - .lt.A--WlLIAM- honor-toavidow- s: "1 Have fled, since first on Albion's annals' "Huntington" Editor, Exponent: . A appears). ' . Twas placed on "Siward'.V by the king for faithfulness ' ' - maintained In aiding Malcolm to the throneMacbeth through erime . had gained; , To unseat this vile "Usurper" valiantly he fought,.' Terormcd his duty well, as by his times and conscience - ( ' . . .. .T taught, 73Z ; j . hart Dear friend, my feels full in praise of thee; life out to be Long may your lengthf-K'A calm sweet evening, now-"th- e day is done," 1 . v was traced; In peace, in war, at home, abroad in struggles for the : : right,. In law, in education, dispensing truth and light In the vanguard ever present, in science, or in art, in all that seemed for human good the Iluntingtons took part; And when the land that gave them birth their liberties denied, Some crossed the broad Atlantic and intolerance deSed. -- -- ow.11 And T- ' -- ' . . ; - ') We hatajvery leasaut aiTair on Friday, the ord int., gotten up hy :the officers of the Kelief Society in their new hall for tljejvulo.w?,'. widowers- missionaries wives, newcomers, ami a few old yeople7numl)ering over seventy. Precisely at one p.m. dinner was, served. After dinner, speeches were made by John C. Naile , J. Beck, Counselors W. II. Winn and Andrew K. Anderson ami Dhhajr-- T. 11 Cutler, d with songs and dancing until live p.m., and all who participated felt it had been n time of rejoicing and one long "to be remembered. K. StanWinti, President- ,if. A. STANDBINfJ, Sec. f ; And p:ngland's King, admiiing much his actions in lho field, Appreciation plainly by exalting him revealed, As a mark of "Ifoyal Favor" the Monarch on him placed A "Title," whence .the" wide spread name we proudly inter-sperse- , WOMEN PHYSICIANS IN INDIA. - THE HUNTINGTON GATHERING. The cvent.jof the season with us, as a family, was the .gathering of all the members of the iluntingtoa family possible, at Springville last Christmas. It seems so pleasant to reeord scenes of joy and gladness in this world of disappointment and sorrowed among thairlght epots-- of my life will ever gleam that of my meeting with my loved and honored kindred, the "2.5th of December 1333. programme was as follows:. Visiting. cousins, ancles, etc. through the day, and at sK p.m. we ail assembled at ' the City Hall, a large and beautiful building, which had been, secured for the occasion by William, .the eldest male member of our kin in this Ter- aunts, JyhaJar-ballwfts-brilliantiy-light'(rrwT- : , Andlhc Jcadcrimon HuntrngtonvbydeathTsTtnekeii r down. j There while hi:; wife and children in bitter anguish . lF Aunt Presendia, my honored mother and dear Aunt "tiny, Uncle Dimlck's widow, Uncle's William and Oliver sitting on the etage, made as grand and beautiful a picture as one would wish to look at, with a few Wends and sub memljersof the family as a bock ground. Hcingr them, In tho body of the hall, were the sons andAuj5hter&, with their husbands and wives and their children, which are not a few, and a few invited friends, mplete the picture. A Bofeina hushjjtsweetTpeace jtol over the ; assembly, broken by that immortal hymn 01 My Father. "r l'rayer by Bishop Packard. A Eng selected from the history of thelluntingtone, that "A 'Welcome,1' Wm, Huntington; "Selections family history," O. B. Huntington; "Speech, fesendia Kimball; "Speech," Zina D. Young; "Address," ' weep - - ...,'- 4,he Gosj cl flag unfurled AjidnJheamjjf--bjgotry - " bf i- , of They find thrir noble lineage links with Abraham ' old, A pedigree more precious than earth's princes may un' fold, - Maha-'HajaT- Fine bunches of grain, grasses, etc., tied with JjjrighJL. ribbaiLamLmou ntcd on - a panel o - ' ; : . The cause of universal good the Iluntingtons cfpousa, And strive the sleeping millions from slnmber to arouse. Yes, some all risking for the truth have braved a frown-- ' ing world, -- - When the fulness of the Gospel sheds forth its glorioas '. , Dr. Edith Pechey sailed for Bombay a fortnight ago. She ia to be folio wtd bvan- ;. other medical woman, and both are to be at- - , "taehed to the hospital and dispensary which the merchants are about to fouud. Dr. Pechey -iTthroraii who in.iS'70 won, but was not allowed to receive, ps Scholarshi'jniFtlie T ii University of Edinburgh. She anuT her are to receive liberal salaries, and will, besides,' have abundant ".opportunities for interest expressed by her Majesty in 1881, in response to 11 pathetic appeal of- the Puna, who besought her to send mcdi- cal women to the aidof the perishfng sufferers in a thousand zenanas, into which no male practitioner can enter." e, rays; Inlnd 7TJieLondiiii Standard, "that' the foundation-ston- e of the hospital may be laid by the Duke of Connaught, who will thus well represent the - - merchants' committee several months ago, formed to, induce iirst-rat- e female physicians that-cityfrom to establish com--jianio- ' host, As teachers and examplars In morals widely known, A band of men who never fear their sentiments to own. The stream of time still rolling on brdughtxm thaLat- ter-day- In response to the ioyitatibii of the Bombay the-Ho- He sinks Into the ocean to take Lis last, long sleep. His sons are our forefathers, a few here that claim can yp boast. But through this great "Republic" they form a mighty dear j "'.,'; ' - Our .lr' a pilgrim crowd were In sixteen hundred ''U"' " found ; Their native land forsaking, for the-ho'ofjreedom ; : bound, But ere they reach the shoro the "resistless shaft., is . thrown, thirty-thre- e ' ' ' I-- thAcjgbuadred-- - '.''..'. years God, and you, and all the Saints le one, Such is my heart's devo.te'st fervent pcayer; I crave your friendship I may ever share. : Accept the simple song my heart doth 6iug Your, friend and sister, IIaxxah TAPfiED King. were ..': "' .: crown eternal is in store for yorv, But earthly blessings now arc surely one. The things of earth the earthly bod 3' need?, And. nature is imperative when'cr she pleads, "TTeToTtTalas! Through life we often. find The good, the pure the noble and the kind Lack much, which they in truth have fairly earned,- - But well i know ydii "ha vo the lesson learned To bo contcnUwith that you do possess, And feel the hand of God to thank and bless. "all " leading spirits through the ages that have etood Well known and foremost in the ranks among the braye V .' ; good, .Thc.,-namwas one that" should endure, as plainly now appear?, I"or vastly it has multiplied as onward come the years? -- must Whnt have answered to this greatl . : been,,' ; - vuIdahnjrorJr "T77-;seen; i ; ; : , , ,1 r . touching , leariied how they can aid thelnyriads" passed away And meet them all In glory in a fast approaching day. S4-99.-hav- u, ; A host of people, in whose veins-therefiows one kindred -blood, , Who have come to greet each other wi!h feelings pure and good; Tho representatives are they of an illustrious line, wnose noble deeds in days' of old on hislory's paes shine. , .. The Huntington?, successors of, a bold and manly sire, Whose heart-i- n V.ld chiva.'rous times beat bih with : fweefekriowledge'mehtrofjbays gone ?, pot-rn- by Bro. William Clegg. and round tbciek one's.bed Thy gentle step is heard vith noiseless tread. , To bless, to comfort and prescribe in faith from save death! that may I . ' And then thy prayer- -a sister's prayer of iove above! realms the from a Calls down blessing , , Yes, man', mzny.hast thou Most indeed, ' : in so need; so means grand gentle, yet IJy ftom whence the Jiving' breath And then the form ' II.vs pass'd, and J aid tho weary ono in death, With pure and holy touch thy hand hasdeek'd :jn saintly robes the Vfdy death has wrcckr'd, .And given peace andsatisfaction in that hour To loving friends who mourn death's awful power. ' Who docs not know the. balm it brings to f "TmTtrcasu red de a & ap pr oach d w i t h e and i't y ? Tnoy haveracoW so sacred in. our eyes As though a part of us had pass 'd into the skies! As though by some mysterious means we had become Allied more closely with our eternal home! In many such a sad, yet holy scene, , a thou Hast kind, tllieient helper been; r z And jjovy.in your declining years, dear friend, May fi'leiids be round you till the final end " 123 plush, or velvet, make handsame ornaments. Autumn leaves, crimsoJi maples, or flrer sumachs, make happy c fleet against anolio lanel, tlie ribbon being red shading to brown. . 