EXPONENT. cording to law we are not prepared to say, pcii tiveJy, but if it were right and proper la the case of Belle Harris, and- - no cue seemed to op. of towj make her teTtify in the of the writer, who write?, ss she often aqerti, AvUiehiMslnj In the preface, whl?h" U very brief, she say?, trMy heart and biain were weeded in the con- -9Pti(mt)flhe eniloret pceiii, cotitq'untiy it Is me jet of the union. it ; case, and that la what she m t an C8sr n o t Jlkejyita do .under-.- , asy-clr-eu 7however trying. r;;". .;; Miss White la a delicate, refined, sen.atlve girl, a great favorite with her friends, and the: way In whfchshe" fs - being treated will bring down upon thcee concerned fn'the mtt'er the Indignation f tbe parties interested in her welfare. As for maintaining the dignity of the law It is rather stra'nlng a point, when m odea t, : well behaved young glrla are sent to prison fclmply beoaute they refuse to speak, while disreputable women may have the most perfect i liber ty and freedom. v MIhs White is undoubtedly atlhenesent- tiraetbe vlotini.of religious persecution, but her own clear conscience and purity of heart are the beat eafe.guards and companions she can possibly have. There ia still law In the land; and men who lave Justice are well acqeain ted with the rJghta and privileges pertaining thereto. We expect to see the law maintained in its supreme set at dignity In this Instance, and Nellie-Whit- e liberty. It may take a little timjajo accomplish this, bu t we sre not living in the days of the In quisition or the Salem witchcraft. compared to mice devouring corn, iu a titue of famine, to be turned alive in a barnjlmmedlAte ly afterwards be was anooyed bv mice, and he sought refuge on this IhUcwJ; hii llttl j j errtcu-tcr- s fcl'OWMl' h lm there, ho we vr, and de vourei own theriver, gre"atfyxharmed 1 A ui . VVe all the wy. First on one side would rise an imposing ruin, then on the other a mogniflcent caatle, eich with a long, loteredtlng story, or a . . ' Jl iertr we saw a nigt), mm fail jegeny. ua mo seemingly ihaccafs.'ble castle, where, we are told, robbers had made a home and hidden their treasures, and juet as the mind begins to fancy the underground paetats. and the mjeterloua haunts of tliia place we turn to the light and see the two cistles ai'd BVerrenfeli or "The BrotherF," standing calmly bvfore ds, and the pretty hgand cf thffte we cannot pat Interesting-fitgh- tjj by, ,thouh--othfrr mayUlT missed. Hre in Liebenettin Jived an aged aim with two sons and an aiopted daughter, both sons loved their foster-siste- r ami wanted to wed fehe but favored the her, y oungir brother. Tee other, disappoin Led In his love, joined the Cru'sB tier?, and in foreign lands won honor and renown. ,'. rl&h : 5 jg siHlj 7-- EDITORIAL NOTES. The Exponent of this issue ushers In the new volume, and so many of the subscribers are behind In their payments, we whh to remind "them, that they may come forward and pay up, as every body knows newspapers are not pub. llshed without money. ' Now is a good time to eettle up all delinquencies, and also to subscribe for(the coming year. On the 12th of May, as per appojnjtment, the; cmcers or tne useret Hospital Asscciation met 4VI nlltr Knf nn 4ViAfk tnavn 4lt. Qirtlnl not sufficient raembsrs to compose a meeting of the association, tbe meeting was adjourned tine die, or subjict to the call &f th President, H. B ClawEon. .Prest.. Wilford Woodruff, of the1 nnrrnm nf th TtrlvnA nnfit.lpK. Prnr. AAI. Iw-- i i Cannon and Joseph E. Taylor, cf the Presidency of this Stake of Zion, were present. It ia a matter of regret that so little interest ia taken In Attend !ncr n hv the fdatera cnrftllv D ""O fhpan " nual meetings. We wish to remind the sisters whpMcamem Association the first year that we have now; commenced upon, year. Many of the members are delinquent In their payment of tbe tne-tnir- a "second year, and perbspa need reminding. an annual fee of one dollar pej year, a'- It is - Bisteb Hannah T. Kino of thiacltyj well and favorably known aa a writer both in thla country and in Englard, has recently published a new work. It is an Epic Poem, being a ayn- - LETTER Xr. 1.. DOWN THE RHINE, 1 ' In tt?y la st I told you I would give you something of a description of my voyage down the Bhine, the river of which we have read and heard so much, aLd which stems to have such 1 'a farcl nation Jor t rav tiers. From Frank ort tn the Main e weDt to May- -' eaoi, stopping thera on ?y a short time, as we were anxious t. start down, the Ilhlce, We left May enco early in the morning; the fl3gs were flying from every bouse, the soliiers were out in full drees, the bands playing national tunes, and everything looked gy and meiry. The boats on the river were alUdccked with flags of different colon, and all the parading was in honor of the Kaiser's birthday. It was a grand holiday throughout jthe empire. " "At las t"we were fairly embarked upon the w of hich tour lata have talk ed -Bblne, th at river and written, and poets so long have suog, aud the beauty of which I would so delight to tell you all, but what CDuld ray poor pen write after Byron, Sahiller, Ly tton, and so many gf eat authors have so beautifully and graph!cal'y described the castled banks and the blue waters of this wlnding.rlver. Almost from the first, after leaving the city of behind, the banks began to grow mors Ixiaulifnl; &.ntl fitnptng hills covered with vineyards, where the women and children were working and tying up the vines; nil this peemed so picturesque and romantic, I could not but appreciate the poetry written of this land cf the . grape and the vine. At each villiage we were greeted by the firing- of cannons; cccaeionaliy we saw crowds of peo. pie wending their way up the hilalde, gofng to the forests behind, with baskets cf picnic, and all dressed in their holiday costumes. I cannot begin to tell the pleasureIfelt as one after another of the grandnldcagtjeg, the pretty villagea ' and the rocky cliiFsj jjresented theraeelvefi to our view, then faded from sight, only to give place to another scene still grander and lovelier than we reached the pretbefore. Towards mid-da- y ty little village of Bihgen, so celebrated In song, an3 I thought of the beautiful lines of Mrs. CaroIihe'Ndrton, ydTnrTlmy "dear' mlAhj taughF - m e when I wa i a child. T ea w the pTcfii re here " of the 'Soldier of the Legion'' and his fair love s anding hand in hand on the hiJMde gazing at the beaufy of the scene around, and the!r soula filled with love; I almost thought I saw them there, and Shat I heard the words "Tell her I dreamed I stood with her, and saw tbe yellow . z-- , ; "iT::77:'-.;.;: .,;-- v ,;Jihlne; saw the blue Rhina sweep along, I heard, or. seemed to irom ine Dirm or tne Prophet JoaephBmith, his martyrdom the journey across the plains, and tne arrival of the Saints with Brighara Young at their head, on the eppt pronounced to he the eite o( the fnture Salt Lake City. The book was published at the I JUVKNILK lWtjTKULriXJK ft & tut ftt ihat VflFtf alan at th And her little hand lay lightly, confidingly in mtne, Bat we'll meet no more at Bingen, lored Bingen on tho 1 M oi V A f A juaner-oay-pami- a m ' A 4 s mam - EU 18 DOW JOr "RrpnNBVT nfflM at J- - H. Parry', Main Straet, and at Mrs. KIne's I sldence. Dernford House. I7th Ward. It is a poem that will speaa forcibly to the m t t r urniioi every junuer usy dsiiii. loe oooa is dedicated, bv nermiesion. to President Jnhn 1 i. a m ' a. i . Taylor. The preface ii rirciaiJy chAraxsteriatl The German songs wa used to sing, in accents low and clear; ' ": ' - - And down the flowing: riTer, and np the Slanting hlir The echoing chorus &oanded In the evening calm and -- The lather then built the c&s leof HitrmiMa for the younger fron and bie b;lJc,"htit tl e mnr- riage was posqwned; Jfieijyve iof JhQyaungr brother cooled, and hearing of his broher'j success and glory, he loogud, bIio, to leave noma J t t i rt anu joiu me wusaaers. Not long after his departure tho father died, and HHdegarde, for such wa9 thri fostr daughter name, lived alone in L!sben3teln, mourning over her loneIJae?e, and longing for the of her irver, whos faith she doubted. Bat ona day he returned to the 3tcrrenfel, bdDgir7g1h hlrrFafaTrOreciaa bride. Hilde-card- e lived in the other castle in Eceluei-on-, when tne night a sranger knight demanded the hospitality of the castle; this one proved to ba the other Brother, who, hearing of his brother's faithlessness, cime home resolved to avenge his . sister's wroiiws. The following morning be challenged hl brother to a deadly combat, but before their swords were crossed Hildgarde Interfered and begged the brothers to befriends. Bhe then retired to a convent, which is situated Just be'ov the castles. The brothers separated, eauh to his m re-tur- - : own castle, aud lived wholly apirt fnm each other, until the younger, deserted by hi Greek wife, threwhimelf at hla brother Vm arcyTbe g -ging forgivenenp, insisUrg that his friend-hi- p alone could male him happy. So the brothers lived the remainder of their lives in Llebenstein. fPkn 1. V . 1 J , this little legend: attachei to make the-- n stlll more interesting. We pvsed, of course, the Lorelfe. but beird no echo, only taw he great high cViY and rugged rockB. I cannot mention half we saw, nor begin to tell by letter how charmed I was with It all, but I thought, O, so many times, how mother would enfoy this, and how I wish she could see it sll. Just before dark we neared the part of the river, where on the high banks are the Dracbenfeh, and no long as we could see, for darkness came upon us, and the lights of Co-lncn shnnn nut in th rlUitunn-- . thno rota "visible, and tbe last thoughts on the Bhlne were of Boron's beautiful lines, . . , How much sweeter thesa word are to rce now, before I enly heard them, now I feel them. Juet bey :nd thl village, on a little Wand, U a grim old tower, called the Moase Tj wer, about hich there ia a itory' that a cruel Arch- - n r : , ' a - still. Rhine." 4 of.L-ebenatel- . , . sunlight ihlae bills of Btngen, dear Bingen on the .On the vine-cla- d 1 - "The castled crag of DrachenfeJs Frowns o'er the wide and winding Rhine; Whope brrafit of water broadly swells Between the banks which bear the vine; And hills all rich with blossomed trees, And fields which promise corn and wine, And scattered citieB crowning these, Whose far white walls along them Ehine." . It was night, and we had reached cub destina 