ii.WHA? AUK WE CALLTD IX to climb ami diversities of tongues Lph.,.:ith chapter, 121'lV Verio, wcl' read, Ibr the perfecting ot: the ui:;K for the work.'of the inintnrv, l'r the cd-- ir'vii? et' t.he 'body oi'. Christ.;. Mav 1 k h'v 'lontr? Until thev' were no .. lunger nevdvd; I cannot concttve ot that time.'WlVun'Ood has .a kingdom on the earth, ami;; . His Go?pcl prcacMlviby 1 U sulj ti't ib'rit t I - r;:: n tij:' ,1 rv ;:,e - iifi:ony 1 'it 1 1) goi-v.ai- t s-- -- si arikiit; li.;:;!':! H is "f; uf h :A ' X s H;0u ..vac.TIi.ij.-qi- :' riii' :v, ia t lid i .1..; :le :ftmv , - 17J po'rdivs.-W- ja . tHHl all. i lie graces of the Gospel aifd in thc'ful-- " al ihirrsci s themselves. ' Tiie wonieu ;of '.this': Cliu'rcli ' are calie.d' iVno-ran- t, -- 1 '!; G - a-- be-- the.ivr.'ry' by c v e rj as t i n .' I s fir and it is said - of lis, we arellnigTd 1u:o measures by a crafty and cunning prusihoud. This is an mil rue assertion. We Lave th-- ' : same privilege to, investigate and seek knowllor, edge purse Ives, as' the; men of this Church '"li.lT,-aniMfaiHmuch ..time to' ;Wt receive the gifts and blessings of the Spirit which : e hvlir ve Waal ; knowledge . ,iiv upl ny other way, will reeeiye a (1o.-sq- the unity of faithrand of the knowledge of the Sun of G'o 'u n by ji per fe cit jn aii; ii ntoj Iiol iiu asure of the. stature of the fulness f Chrit." Mth verse, ''That we henceforth .be '..no more Ui ard -- fro, ;and of with every wind of doctrine,bv the sleiglit n finnuJ nhe4spei and if it did not agree with Scripture we have i si:. rt rf "its j'ulnlmeiif. Vhot!:drthjv sense enough to detect an error and disown it. is ijiiCTgittSal'- -j r i V i fegefJ in tfltTThore4" a. "LLUi which 1 j.UVc' .p;.kcil',-'- S'AllK the-- .Scriiiture we read, and the more we investigate ." Lord.'. ; .. TUftVnnrl fMmninjflfti.nywhpreby-theydi- c Trthe stronger is - our faith, and the more thor it afl ds .vJ " to deceive; v ough lyare we convinced of the truth; and if in what been fulfittcd La?' lias and what not Jlaii we would ;be called lAbraham's children we The-otchaj)ter,20th.'verse:That He might Lccii icdiiilcd. Has the Gospel' been must do the works he did. We believe and .preached sanctilyand cleanse it with the washing of to every 'juition, Jiindred, tongue; ... and peoph', accept the truth-- wherever it is to be found; and water by the word." ken by Johnlhe iievclator, 11th ehapt r 'our o))onents must not condemn us because : The 27th verse, fThat He might present it 'aiid Gth.vcr.se?-- ' Now let us read StV John;: loth" we cannot believe the opinions of men. W. to himself a glorious church, not haviag spot eisap:. r, :;uili verse, Ja.-- 't clause, "But now is law the want the .and. testinionyof the or wrinkle, or any "such thing, but that it from hence." IiT another my. kingdom;-i.'jtif and they speak not according to this shouLLbe holy and without blemish." ...... told the Jews that hey should .see I'Liee is it because there is no light in them." We Xowj we believe that this same kingdom will no' more from henceforth, until they have been thoroughly conversant: with the ..be set up again upon the earth according to rUuid ay, "bles.-- i d:;is He that coraclh jn the" vided opinions and schemes of Christendom,, the vi.don of Daniel, 17th chapter, 27th verse, In another place it i:.!!jie of which pointed out diverse-ways- ,but not to the . "And the kingdom -- and dominion and the the J "iho J;:jid(7i;j' suleriag violcm-euistraight and narrow way that but few find. yi;.ii'.id uiKc::t by ibrce," so that Christ cmiM- greatness of the kingdom under the whole Wide is the gate and broad is the way that "Theaveris shall be given, to the people of many go in. Our Savior said enter in at the i'-of the Most High, whosekingdomds tl;;:c, for ail Lohlii.g the priudnood, the door, and He has shown us plainly the door in wLcrviii all" ngM vtis in vested r to " kingdom, and all dominions --w h cii ttndTTCX'i versat val ion. .'Shall we' --tsiuldih shall ,uih2--o- r and obey Him." nvere taken- -" obey His voice, or the voice of a stranger''' "No, irom the earth. We know that-i- former'' Jays a great many the sheep knoweth hot the voice of a stranger. And when lie administered, the wine He been literally fulfilled. The" prophecies-jhavThese are our views of the reading of the ; tyid (.; (;.'. ipj't s; J scattering of the Jews; but in the last days. ; chapter of ; Scriptures. John, 'For I say uutoTyou, 1 will not drink" Go'd would remember them in reat mercy, Our friends abroad want us Jo forsake the oi' t!ie i'mit ol.tluv "vino until t'e and they would gather back again upon their King lorn of erne Lord, one faith, one baptism "and His word, t r:;a stiall ho. we see hy this language come.' own lands and build up Jerusalem, for they are f ir their views, which they divide and subdiliuii thy Kingdom of God 'was not ."continue d. of the true olive tree, and God's ancient covenvide, firstly, secondly aii J- thirdly, all 'iiicely TheCTentik'3 ddtli "And the into ant i:y. :dattht.w, '2M chapicr, .people.' written dowu on paper and put between the veie, of tiie kingdoni hlialNe preaclif-iiiis tb-- pt h tame olive tree, but inasmuch as they leaves of the Bible, and when it is read to tiie " and nbideth not in thn docfrinn of ju itlUuil vn rid i'Tf "a Tt il cts.? tTnLT a nation; people on Sunday itsuunds no more like Bible nil tiie end c'me." Meaning that Christ, and will not receive it in its truth and doctrine than a" wolf looks like a sheep. u.'t the kingd.o:u'uiichan''ed. .purity, they will not be spared, but be cut off, think for one moment we could retrograde Jil. Paul iys, JCpistie to- Galatians, 1st anj'the house of Israel will come up in rememand throw away truth for fables to please, their otli veisc, "Jjut though w;;, or an anbrance before the Lord, and the last shall be notion of things? Why don't they 'advise the Gos-first gel the same as was last. The little stone is now lieavrn, preach any other reformers to turn back to their standard, the miUr j-uItt ,3iuil.be4accursed,'Ao,-- ' cut out of the mountain without hands, and older churches which they came out from, .be: Ji dui.sec in.l will roll forth until it fills verges .'J, 10, 11, speakearth, and cause of their inconsistences? ' But ire came the ekct lady to receive no will break in piece all other kingdoms And ing or wriiing-t- o not out from any of 'them. The priesthood other doctrine than that which had been the God of heaven would set up His Kingdom was revealed to Joseph-Smit- h in its primitive tan-id- .. and it should not be destroyed nor"jzi veil to is form and in advance of all far purity. It '"A'hOsoever trausgre-seu- i: and abideth not e people. We know" the kingdom which rin n lormoa it ttio f run oiid :i'i !lw d icLrhiC oi' Christ,' hath not God. lie" Christ and His disciples desired to establish Goepel, wherein no change has taken )lace, that abiddh ia the doctrine' of Christ Lath was destroyed; a great apostacy and falling this gospeL. of-th-e and kingdom will prevail 1 b.ih the I'itJioranI "theSoa took the Jews Whereas, place. away sought ' over all error and superstition, and if our opU'o may exauiinc the doctrine of Christ as. not the law by faith, which was a law of carponents can dethrone Jehovah, bring to nought .... it was taught by our Hayiorr-II- e nal commandments; but by works it became to set the His work, and overthrow His Kingdom that-Hthem a stumblingstone; the Savior fulfilled this by being baptized y John in Jordan; has set up for the last time, if they can afh'r this the iiuly (Jhost rented upon llini. law and olfer'ed to them a higher law, which fight Him they may then bring into subjection .Ho then coamianleiL His. they did not receive, but rejected as a nation. disciplei to baptize, andcatter tojheirjwilljhe and this alter His resurrection from tho Then Paul aid, "Lo, I turn to the Gentiles us to the winds. four " r and they received it gladly." ' But this little Maky Ann M Phatt. St Mark, 11th char, oth verse, And IIe. stone, of which I Juu--e spoken, which is the said unto th m, go ye unto all the world and P. S. Thank you, lady lawyer, the time you word of God, is now a stumbling stone to the over-ruthe was well occupied, and spent in a good ' pivaeh Gospel to every creature; Gentiles, and if the Lord spared not the naturbIievctli and is , baptized shall be saved, dud cause. A great pity you was begrugded those al branches because of unbelief, how much few minutes-tless will He spare the wild ones in unbelief. .v that ludieyclh not shall be tlamned.," etc. speak in defence of right. I The 20th verse says, "And they went ft.rth The 3rd chapter, 20th verse Acts, says, "And guess they were a little nettled at the truth you ' and preached every where, the Lord He shall send Jesus Christ, which before' wa3 spoke. Those men have had the floor so long, working with them, and eonnnniiH'.the word with sins and had it all their own way, theyjlon't like a preached unto you." Amen..-lliowtni:. woman to express' her views on thesituation. The 20th verse says, "Whom the heavens ' the.Sectarian's belief is that the sins We Latter-da- y Saint women will accord to must receive until the time of the restitution v areal wirli.'and iio longer' needed of all things, which God hath spoken by the" you all the time you require to speak on so imAnd they persecute the Lattcr-day- : Saints mouth ol all His holy prophets since the, world portant a subject as human rights. And you we beiieve they are shall to our sah have our prayers, and ..they shall avail But as it was in the days of Noah, began." vation, and necessary to make the Church of you much.; Women of the land, you have a3 so shall it be at His second coming. His gosChnst Ki:u et, and we can give the proof by much right to uphold and sustain all classes in pel must be declared unto all that villeceiye -their rights of freedom and the pursuit juauug isi. cur., i tli chapter, all tlje it, to prepare the way tor His corning, to build tho 27th er-- reads, "Now. vc are the chapte bod v., happiness as the sterner sex; and true religion temples and to send forth messengers to say, Cliij.!, and rnembcrs Jn particular" "That must and will encircle all. , "Come unto me all ye ends of the earth and , .there should be.no schism ia the God receive my Gospel and be saved in my Kingbody' set in tho Chinch apostles, prophets," teachers, rate. dom.", And they who will turn away from , Peace if possible, justice at aily miracles gifts of healing, -- helps, sins their governments and come in at the door, and not try Phillips. I , :.;i-la!- wfwtt- V, ' ' f ' -This; . -- - ' h ; " -p Seri-i-tures- i. j li-- (I.e.-Lord.- s ?p;-ak- , the-saint- an-everla- nui-rff- s sting ; gdoiu e . 'th r.-e- , -- - .... , - were-grafte- l " -- l 1 trans-(iressf't- 1 Do-the- e.-;.-- :s..i iVi-a- r A a the-whol- Kj-idle- ; e an-oth- er -- sr-pf-f- i ' ex-aiup- le e v Latter-dayJaint- s. . fn-e- - . . . n o -- . -. .. 'ddHe-fttva- be-ea- ue . -- - . Yen-du- ll . .. 