u V 0M vj - -- i A He' tirS". k-- n:M-:b- ...."-- e e arid sinew of tie : h;iv T. raa rlcf Christ, the ftjodjLCinnVimJ avne rrr.': A. .o. HAVE VK it ruck." ft and btat . -- wiaJt-tlaw f- nr. -ii Whlje thoi-- who take compared to ttm mm e tne atld. I hve letrnedy,ol8rvtiOU that there are people who eorue to thite valley full of faith, au 1 aeem o niuiih f befull ef intelligence ai to worldly otjtc; they thlnKa thev. thfV brain to prosper iu temiwral evrn-toa- sk or a blesslu . pty ; rio- - tU .!.. the oppoaMe oouiae wre who built his house upon Kmg-a- i Uteriu the IW- .mkih . ..".-- fcuudtd Uon - of Okxi. I Kniilii your net work-it- wcrtizg e!si$'GviY ... ... K N S va'soeawnt of. the : rrarbyth? cfssst. Are " :bo 'vre tti-i'nitsMf- it. .wj iVUV n.vi i itself - K X I1 O S - - V A N hare ho time to CHAiUrV All trAi thwir ill blltiriHKH. I)llfl 44HhyHea aeempiishcthelf purpose. By thin" vtime they have lost the spirit of thanking the corce cere, are T.nrii ffir bliuo'8. but take credit of their " wives around nialtitude of a want en here don't abilltUs, and proceed In : their own strength. Finally conclude to sj en l their time in looking ' .at the faults of others, not thinking of - their wants of the ladies of Utah? At lean the own (for we ail point in enr na- .. have,83me weak women her.e have the good sense to know what WI1JUU li uyu &uzuuo--Yrj- u uuHW ua . 10 lures their rights are, and intend to use every legal j "8 tumbleror become a stumbling bl jck to some means in their jxwer, with wisdom, to maintain one else). I would ask, what kind of farajllea would such people raise? For we are told that them, and one' thing1 they have learned is this, be would he who cannot govern self la not tit to govern Jivo for who besides" tho?e to mind their own business. pleasure :' "v;. life a of others. There is a large percentage of that el83 tco U burthens eDjoy may taiei with I also read with ditgmi the clippings from nido How many I cannot tell. thia at tho however. ea-c( and CJui'ort. Li iSing Mrs. Newman's address. How dare she maker I think Our Savior compared the lUog Jom of heaven -- q'iea,tion how fool ah to marry at all. the assertion, "that.every house in Utah is a7 "to" ten virgins, five were wise and five were they have forgotten, or they do notrwishto house of prostitution, that there is " no love, the The loolish said unto the wise give us of know what our Bavior aays . upon satjec, ia " oil lovefor our lamps have gone out. Accordnot without the wouisd, that It, The man your care, or tenderness; that our children are in the Lord." or the. womau without the man, ingly they went to sleep in a cold state, and less, deformed and a blank," or "that we have to we VVe are not perfect, nor c&n attain awoke in the tame condition. For it seems that perfecno homes, only kennels for reproduction?" How Oos-pboth the wise and foolish slept. But those who tion without tajh otht r. The spirit of tae dare she say that we are in bondage soul and had the oil were easily lighted. Bo al?o with btiog oppolie to the spint of the world..world the to We more a body? produce the Haintt, those who live according to the rults defy .Tula spirit brings faitJi, hope, and charity, cm- ; our Bavior has given to all the human family bined with purity of purpose and sincerity of free, happy, or chaste people. A people that will possess a portion of His Spirit even in proheart. AVlth thete virtues the buruena of a are bound together by the bonds of true affecbecause be a would 7 pleasure, portion to the rules they live by. This light and family prompted tion and love. We defy them to produce a .Lord motive. The the the intelligence will rill their minds with the true judges by right y4y more healthyplpriglft, intelligent, or perfectly licrlit. whinh Rf Tnhn Bfalra nf Ko cava it liohf. motives and intents of the heart, which are all formed lot of ohildren no blanks. We teach etli every one whj co'meth into the world. known to Him, tecause He knows what spirit them ourselves, by theJielpqf:,Gp4urJ3eAa. - we are in" pon ession of. All spirits are known But this is not all: for it teaches us to be self-sa" of one to believe the evil that Him. I the of every life, of health, riflcing people. "If a man compel thee to go a "principles enly Father; to access our Savior at the had Ha time rmile, go twain; if he acnite thee on the cheek spirits of purity; we teach them to avoid the evils of Heob-tine- d and fasted turn t He other also. Blees them who persecnte Then forty nights. forty days the world, and to keep themselves from con He over because did thtm cot y ou; bless and curse not." Tnis is called the all, power tamination with the evil practices of the world-W- e to not did He their command yield promptings. higher law. None but noble mindi can condesneed no help from our enemies. We pothohle stones to become bread, or cast Himself cend to do this. And why do they? Because of the the He invite from knew the pinnacle Temple. missionary jsociety to use the litely they know that those who persecute are foolish evil from time that these the oil the Bavior spoke henceforth; and spirits virgins, they have not money collected for children nearer home, as Vt-- t l"ia tHoro rit ncnnla nrlin Yiri n o f nKoV will we our cherish In when Ha them knows bosoms. we have plenty and don't need it. We spurn Jaw-tImus Gad are Hi3 We own told made in that the higher prepare ther way TOr the second all such help. We depend on God our Hea- do not we then i ossesja gernuofthe Daity age; coming of our Savior to the earth. venJjr Father in the noble workof raising ouri "Within r our heBrUjnoonaeqaently little children Buca a people can live in that holy order children in the fear and admonition of the -- are fit for the K ngdom of God, as the Swior known a? plural marriage. They can Jove their Xord.-;--We said they were; accordingly they deserve to have d confidence lnT our husbands; neighbors as themseiveg, and deal out righteous parents, tLob who fear' to offend an Justice to all. They msy not live as we know them to be men of God, and that all wile Father, yea, even the Creator of all . perfectly as they ought bnt it will be they hold the holy Priesthood of God, and we are were created, for Mim In and done sometime. by they things, perfection do not cover broken hearts under sealskin and a commandment given to progress as .Ho Not onlv so. but wa will have k kincdom of bad designed they should. Why then do they sacques, or take opium or liquor to keep us peace,, where none shall molest or make us from going mad. We know that the Lord has who take the opposite course expect the tlessJng afraid. And the time spoken of by the prophets, of God oar Father to attand tneir tflorts. l3j commanded His people to obey the law of celaying that "he who will not take up hi? sword Do deserve it? , be deserve to honored they they against his neighbor must needs flee to Zion for lestial marriage; and wc obey it because we beloved In their declining years by a Godand safety." This will be the result of the sacrifice love it, not because we are forced to. It has for blc'i we are making would cni.Jdren fear fearing po3trlty; i JNor do we make these been givento raise up a righteous seed unto to oflend their eathly parents. I believe they sacrifices in vain. This wi.'l produce a pure state the Lord. We know that our husbands are honor and respect ns even as we honor and love of society. A pure love, which is not the cold, tha laws of God. They may be tempted and honest in their obedience to this law, and that sordid love of worldly gain. No, we will reach led from the straight and narrow path for asea-son- , a higher mood, a nobler eatimate of man.. Be they provide for their families as honorable earnest but the of their earnest in the Eearch for good, anu speak of all by prayers parents men. The world do not comprehend our mowill see their tho iioaf. yx70 pan Thia fa Hia nlrh nf and some return at they fu. tolly tives, but we know they aro pure, and the tu re time. If we learn fcy contrast they will do M. E. Kimball. Xord will be our iudtre. Jrcan be nrovd hv the same. Cut you ask, is it wisdom to raise a posterity, when you cannot properly educite and Holy, Writ,that God approved this practice in Minnesota sendV toCongres-thi- s olden "times, and shall we raise our cljthe them? This is well thought of. But this year thr puny arm' Is not all. -Leed. a A moral jelig--ioufirst Scandinavian they ever good national elected to the God. The Lord delights in the chastiagainst jndthough will do mre for them even training is His name Kanute Neilson, and legislature. ty of women, and stalo His servants. Chasti they are poor, because with this they will be he a of men who are fast gainrace represents lovera of intelligence and, with It, will sea tyjs the germ of true nobility, and imnarts ing prominence in the politics of the Northof developing their abilities, andwill dignity to the character of every man and west. a "xmake use of their talents and time. woman who possesses it. It is a precious proper gem, How rind who labored with their many canyon and there is no people on the earth who appreAn illiterate man who was violently deown hands for tneir support and, saved money ciate it more than the people of Utah. - We to atttni school, where they have revived pracnouncing the presumption of women in asking have a holy horror of the crimes of adultery tical education which made them useful mem for the ballot, was asked by an intelligent lady and .licentiousness,' and we have the greatest bera of society. U not Cecjamiu Franklin one where he derived the right to settle the matter. of this clis? Tie progressed until he received a ambition to keep ourselves pure, both in body vnat ngnt, said she, "has any man m just-- . of Arte. He had a eom:non iiplorairasI8ter and mind, and also honest in thought, -ice to fcuy-- we education, it is truest he considered hicm eif a iaaies snail or shall not voter word; deed and to keep freer from the evil of man as to science,the higher advanceYou have the power, but whence did it come? the world. We feel it ment. How many people Nave I known who Is it ah inherent right of man, or is it an usurourduty have gone with a few others to some remote ourselves, our religion, and bur rights, and let pation and an assumption of a privilege that the world know that our standpoint is truth, valley and settled there; roaring good families who hardly had time' to devote three months In really belongs to all? What right have you to honor, purity, chastity and integrity. We bethe book to say to me that I shall not exercise a nrivileze year learning, yet in learning from lieve in God, and that He will hold us acobservation they could not be surpassed But countable. In Him we trust. Let us as vv vuju; wcuiuijr ueai nave a g i those people were a righteous people, who feared and you have none? You have the property Saints Uyesonearunto God that we may have God and ib3erved H:s laws; tnoe wao rememr to vote a tax umn mv nrnnprt.v. find 1 power bered the words of the SaviOr: "He who hear-et- h His approbation from day to day, and His have no these power to defend myself. Is it right? sayings of mine and doeth them, I Spirif to guide us in our every day life. will liken Is to him t the man who ballt his house ' I hail with The logic of the lady set ua think- ju8tr delight the arrival of the Expo- a upon rock, ftp. And the w-n- ijescended nnd ... - -- '1 .. " -- ; t'e ,,-- r-. em: grants .taat rTJror"TLT view- they Uke of the crdtr ol celtutial marriage. With the spirit of the world how dreadful would be its eSIisetjuene??. St. Paul eays the carnal mind is not tuijeet to the wi.l of GJ, neither indeed can be. Accordingly envy hatred and uialtce must be the reeulc. With this, Jl'irit they may weJl fear to marry even one wife. Being oftilf-feretemperament ran J ditl?rentiy eJucated is there danger 0; giving ofltnea at auy time; -- 4ntioftnaiircitre-r - -- " ... . a nt , v . fool-.lt- el -- . -- c -- ; - o -- even-hande- . : to-da- y -- " to-aa- y. . the-proprie- ty . x . self-cnat- fe .to-defe- nd -- g jf h. 