W 0 MAN ' SEX k- -. (widow. of JTtelmp Cdvcy city, "ttss able as being the oiut't itvins "rnonibrr cf the Church "now' known ; sh c'Wah lnp't ize'd In Atfgutf, ri rmed 4jH ho 2 f0, by D vid W hi mer, ami tonwas "h'er "Cwn. Prophet IJoscph" ml th, who -- of-liiia " . .. - - ::r:- ..'-- ' "'cent urlan, was sit 1 ii"? si 0 t n ol qui t j 'itiiiii. this! i.i m, tnd - d ea'r-- 0 Ml ' i ts hop--H tm f erf-vd- n; h a t way i"i?inr seemed j appreciate the () M FoIkJBmuftiyu err Father Wilder, who; no i & ? 1 t-- f J ,. I4i i 1 a . ... i f'getlj has p2a?3'.i ' ' j J - j 1- - v. - - " ' the lasr.t't;.ip u' .ibu awy.icn company. AH over ninety T.vr.H.iVi;jge of white ribbon,- - wrrc '"; ; t .. '.'t:'--.-?iti-gregcg- ' . 1 ? , 3 'Houl-atlrrir- " !j " pe-opf- been erected, and covered with" green boughs and vines, and bearing the inscription, 'Honor had been tdeiednd -- prepared benche-- , aiso platform. and bowery for the; speakers, by a hundred and thirty young men of the Y. Ij. M. I. A.," under the direction of Wm. W. Hunter, fcon of i tho lt& Hu:. tsr. The exercises at the grove .were very brief, to bkes and bijt pointed and epiritedj-calculutecomfort the aged. After singing and prayer there wa3 an address of Welcome by Bishop IJromle-- , which wss warm and heartfelt and calculated to make all IjLllQmd J?restr- M. a Cannon made Angus very happy patriotic thatone every good and loyal cit'zen speech, to might respond from his innermost foul. , He touched a very tender cord in the breasts of the pioneer settlers of Utah. Apostle George Tras- "uale spoke forcibly ami feeiingly, the bleEsing of God to descend upon the asscm. bly. T. A. Lyne, the veteran actor, once bo great a favorito on the boards of the Theatre, re- - s cited a scene from WilIi3mTelI,witrragreat. deal of the old fire and zeal in his manner,and indeed ' it eeemed an appropriate rendering. The meeting was dismissed with tinging and prayer, and the committee distributed prizes to the oldest and thoce who were Jn ary special manner entitled to the honor. The piizes consisted of para-sola, canep, hate, collars, teapotn, dre&e patterns, handkerchiefs, neckties, tea, tobacco, wine, and Jiii-ho- u d and-invok- : ed V liberal and the eemmittee seemed well posted on "the matter of distribrtipn. -- Good humor prevailed and all- :wa3 done quietly and in i 7 good order. The ''Old Folks' Committee" are a very efficient body and certainly deserve great credit for the very able manner in which they conduct these large excursions of aged people. All home feeling Eatiafled and contented with the exercises and enjoyment of the pleasant day spent in each others' society. 3i 0i AN OPEN LETTER. and-mirt- - .; h ; re-tur- ned I . -- . "Dear lady Homespun!' and all the dear sisters whoentln-their names a short time ago as a memorial of their appreciation of the humble den of Hannah T. King: I have how published an Epic Poem; beiDg a brief history of the Church of Jesus - Christ JronLitsjarstorganizattonlotheJ Saints upon the site where now stands the metropolis of Utah, J. e., "the modem Mecca" and I take my pen to solicit your patronage of the same. You'll sayi "Give some people an' lowing, which takes tha elf dive franehh e out . of the hand of the Ttrritortwl LegLduture, and , fiiftterc, 'each' take u"d't32S Price twenty-fiv- e tents on ly, which will be a mtjihty ifcjp to me Id paying for the print? ng of thf. Lojk, a.'i I'd hiuie you a hlreiBg for the eirjrse. I h5v voroe bnund at fifty centf. Thope Wliryou7Tlnyar Hannah " 4viryia Terv )jTC:3ecj ' of nil .q r ted Vet p.n 'j r:a-gethnt rightful hidrs- uvAie' t x istMg Jawa be uf their ir?iu rifai es. Thu may . . I i r. r. . . ai inciH u 01 wv f nurtTTcr inn jat-te- r h ii o fr Hni.Hi as t ) 'ilu?: a elabTiihmtiit.' under cal mMUHgf mcnt of. trusb en,' 10 ba point ed ty ;Uht3 Preidtiit of the United. Bute-;What-icondeeentiar.! ; What idriyf- "What mocfeery ! JU!i-t M vi v. wvi-uu;nPSr7Tr,fetTCn pr- T vers ic n of t h e f rueTpiincipIe Tjf 7i;e tdom . We vut-iIu-t- Ut - dpoft - t -- 7HtTweptyf!ne7f nts sre prettily gotten up, will look well" (','. M) drawincrocm tablKand- the inside will ray for eeping. : E'yei your grateful sifter . f -- ptirHy-jfdigTo- t M - I 1 us 'tpf--pc-ltti- - - t T. Kijnq".. - - cciif iarfVb p mi iruierT wearing t e Irue,'. and a great many xuyx red. Arrived a f trio- - .iep-;- .the American Folk and i. ... .. i. j u Til me corn- ur. vo ;'pahy with'. some music, .li'shop c JJrcm'Vy and hi. iiiin.ttje were on hand io to Cdinraara Grove, a short c m vty rhe L..a.ht-;;as- My version la that breeds confidence nnd affection. Now for the ,pjth of this Jetter.r kirxJnvss and apprtciation -- O UK r v- 37 inch and they take an ell." t -- PONEN T. NATION PAST AND PPE BENT. Dkat: Editor: - , 'In ULmjjj. tirt spfcti vo view .history,-an- . tht one ofUw? complaiut'rt nde aqrainst of England by qjur'rtrvehjtionary fatherwas,-FHoJ?'ih'!ng otrr' niy--t vsJanblo Jaws, and aHwirig the forms of otir own fr'o.vernrrjent; for our gishture1 ftr,d declaring themtrelveH invested wjth power to g'hhi for find die tu , of 4h is n at icn's Curoptring the past: vith the pus- - -- of - we are Jed to ixclalrn, "How the mighty have fallerj!" falltii from thatEtandaid .'of broad, libera), spirited patriotism end freedom love of and the principles of c (Jus 1 rights, that animated the founders of this great nation. My fu 1- l- That is the f tan J Mr. in his bill. He thinks himself capable vf 'legislating and ; mind travel made i)is fefee'.h wh.'c'-- i tccured the eign4ng of t h e Declaration of Independe n d?iLcanpictu r e my mind the tcene, when men were ready to h.y down their lives to t ecu re unto posterity boon of freedom; when every breathy d the moment came wa?f as it WereV hushed,-anfor the Committee of Three to present the document to le signed.4 What, an awful moment! What a responsibilify ! Yet did they falter? For a moment only. Wnile looking at the magni. tude of the etruggle that would ensue, and, seeing in case of failure, the axe, the scadbld and theglbit, theu every man was ready to sign, l ean picture the acene when the fierce, bjJd voice cf Pnttick iltnry raug through th 8im- bly, makiug men start to their feet, and the fire of freedom and iudepeudence to.course through their veiup, nnd the inspiration of God to impel them to sign. Yes, the Almighty ruler of the heavens aud earth cau32d the men on that day to be filled with inspiration and fcfgn that parchr alligeep: ment, notnly for themtelse.-',4,utest-boof freedom; the that it should be a Bible of the rights of man forever. It wes inspiration that caused Patrick Henry to implore them to remember that God had given America to be free. Then mark the struggle that ensued to raiae the standard of liberty and freedom on this continent. Look at the battlea fought, the blood that was'shed, and the perils and hardships of the unequal contestJhj gijjjybe itzrlHe - 1- - 1 ' ! a t ijmmpwu .i t v k.h u w a 4j Ilk. - . - I s . A Tr xi .. i ' . . . . . re iy at ra ul t . in These Congressmen .talk .'.about ignorance in Utah, bat by comparing noits they tan find the-heaven- ly hold the reins of government and the destiny of this Republic in their hands are hj ignorant and blind to the interests of thec;uutry as to establish a precedent that. i?. a deadly thrust at the fundamental principles of freedom, like the one which they are trying to force upon the people of this Territorv. I think it fd Trance that would ba ir.excue&ble in a schoolboy, much lesa in the rulers of the nation. As these measures will not bs confined to this Territory whenever it sterna exp edient to the dominant power to crush" some obnoxious stcticn of the roiintrv. that nreo.rdpnt wiU h nsa-- fnr- ho pofce, and a "commit ee will ba.estabJisthed, as they have a '.'technical right" to take possea.-doof cur property, and appoint a committee to use - i n t ok AmerTc laws, to select their own offi cers, and to have a voice in the counsels of their common country; to stand on God's earth free men and women, and cleave to the principles of the Constitution which gave them that right. We honor the men that have bequeathed unto posterity this heavenly bocn, and we, as a people, will stand by the principles of freedom and equal rights, the Constitution in its purity, as it was handed down to us by the men that fought and died for union and liberty. Let the men that hold the reins of government pause, reflect and compare the present corrupt condition of the nation with the past; : . and above all they should remember that they will be held accountable for the trust reposed In them, for the faithful performance of their duty as the servants of the people; let them remem--be- r their oath of office, as the custodians of the people's rights, and not treat as enemies the mnflt loyal people that America can boastt How can they, with the fact before them, when they know that we are a law abiding people, presume to put their feet upon the necks of the people and conceive a paragraph of a law like the fol What are they to do with Article 14, Section of the Ccnatitutson, wh:rch says, "All persons bom or Kfofvvs: - - naturalizeii in.tho TTnifpd : v subject to th e J tiriediction dhereofr are ei tfzena of: 1 . the United States, and of the Rtato, wherein they reside. N:j H.'ate shall mka or enforce sny law which shall abridge the privilige. cr immunities of citizens nor .shall any Qtatede- - ,, ttcm oriTT r.orcnn if ! fit ry I J III J III til UU. .'..VU deny to any person within iia jurisdiction the equal protection of the law." How can men, with the Constitution before them as a guide, seek to establish principles and precedents that are diametrically opposed to the principles of freedom, and that have within "l 9 .1 Hit.' kuem iuc cciuo ui levuiuuuuw auu.sojJUCUS elements that will engender civil war if carried into eflect, dtstroy the confidence of the nation and undermine the very foundations of the T.T ZJ .M7 U 1.1 - i - A X I. a I I k 11 iW union. We, the ladies of Utah, tender our thanks to the honorable men that have dared, in the face of prejudice, and the popular clamor, to raise a voice m ueuau oi our iraucu.se, as we ciaim that we have not forfeited our right to the ballot, and we claim by the Constitution in Bection facto law 9, that lfno bill of attainder or shall be passed." And we, as citizens and lovers of justice, and equity, admire, the bold and determined stand that has been taken by some nt the noble minded to maintain thn nrtnrinfpo of the CbnstlfulionTa their rights and privileges. We put our trust in God our Heavenly Father, we have faith in Him, for we know that in His ex-po- st - " 