xicr. L, - t i 2t3 A DAY-DREA- jA-'fllr-- l- PARTS.:."".. devils by.the power A ot devils. If our bavi.-rpurest being that ever lived, was pers cti!.l and spoken. evil of,. . ..T:'! t fteot ViV Jgx3l. JILI2LLBTn:X,ITTLE, a PART FIRST, Deaf U-fp"1I- ia6;.li-jt,.does,siia- been - w there is no going out, for the roads are almost as bottomless as. the frightful pit that my pious old grandma: used to tell me I should go into if I was not a good girl. There was some' con- eolation in it being bottomless. .for in. my long at. journey through it, I might perchance-gras- ' : some crevice and emerge . into the land of ; chance, that I used to read ofr where I might be changed into a beautiful bird at any minute. As for carrying an' umbrella who ever heard ofthat useful article being at home when it wa3 most needed? I am tired of work, ho I will tit down. and read. There "now, I am seated Jir. my 'easy ' chair before the.'fire ! How comfortable ! The world is not so bad after all. 1 am so sleepy. How curious those, coals look. They are 1 what fantastic shapes they take Why I thought. Iwas sitting-i- n. my easy, chair watch- ing the'prefty pictures formed by the bright coals, but 1 nnd .myselt climbing a mountain, I am at its summit. What a pretty valley? The sum's castingjts first rays on the beautifnl orchards and vineyards. I will walk down and see who lives here and what the people are like. The people must be very industrious,' for ' they are' stirring already, and it is only five o'clock. There is a group of children coming, benefit of I suppose they are out taking the this fine morning breeze. Good morning, young out" enjoying the morning air, which will keep the roses on your cheeks. "The cool air is;. very nice, ma'am, but Ave are going on to the y our mountains to gather wild flowers. Primary Conference meets; we are expecting some sweet ...flowers to deck . visitors,. andwish the stand." What do you learn at your Primaries?, "We are told to love the Lord and keep His commandments; obey our parents, and to be kind and courteous to every one. Please excuse us now,for we want to gather our posies before breakfast." Away they run, making the hills echo. with their merrydaughterrTr" see the people are not wealthy, but how neat and clean everything looks. They are musical for I have already heard several organs this ; morning. This cool breeze gives me an appetite; I will inquire of.this.young woman .where I can find- a restaurant., "Excuse me, but will you be so kind as to direct me to a restaurant?" "We havfr none, madam;" "Indeed, that is strange' You' have them in Salt Lake." "Oh, ys, raaTam, and all the rest of the issues of outside civilization, such as saloons, billiard rooms and introduced by the w house3 of of our people. Although I have restaurants, they-ar- e very conis "How travelers." a person to venient for this?"" in like refreshments a "You place get can go to the Bishop's, ma'am,- or any of our people will accommodate you, if they are able. pn-iiuntn- 'I : . . - ldTiseeoii.s.te: To-da- , . v ill-fam- ould-be-reforme- e, rs - Good morning.": -- This is what .these Mormons call "outride billiard rooms and houses civilization," saloons, This puts a new face on things" of I suppose I must fast this morning, for I am determined to see further. Here is a pretty place, I suppose it must be the Bishop's. There V-- beautif hi lawn; fragrant flowers are dotted here and there, outlined, by shrubs and ferns - of varions huts and shades, seeming to vie in their efforts for beauty and colors their more refined and delicate neighbors, the posies. - Iu the centre of the- ill-fam- - ' e. - . . 1 tor-give- : cho:-ce-"dectio- s HL-!::t- -- ure. y "lid-nartriiit- '? trfrMF large4.al.letaiU44ii It covered with a clot A- - Ch..rch the nrinriraLm'( ir.'uf. the supplied With the current literature of tlie day. There, is a cosy fi.ro' a.fid an asy- chair- ch'e, by, as-i- the master of :thediouse had just left.'Prettynick mieks here and there, of home pro""ductioji, indicate the taste and economy of; tbe mistress of thehouse. ..."'. The door leadingjo thejlinrng oiilspart- rny"open;tEere- "the "family are assenibierH-OTbreakfast. I will take a peep in. Air ex ten sion table stands iu the centra covered with a No. iea or ami shining dbiics snowy-clot- h coffee, but rich new milk ai.d bright sparkling water. The bread is white and spongy, and the butter looks as if made from buttercups and daisies. There is also a dish of honey glistening like amber in the sunlight. The makes one-feeodor of those beef-teakready to accept an invitation to breakfast, but as I am in cog. Teannot expect one. A handsome man of forty sits with an open book in his hand. Several children are there. They sit very orderly, yet with bright, happy faces, as if Jheywerenoj; afraid of 'pa. A tail, fine boy of fifteen years, the counterpart of the gentleman, sits by the side of a.fair girl of fourteen. Between the young." people- and the smaller children sit two good looking women'. The younger .a. blonde, ;iud singularly like the-- , young girl; while the other, a brunette with - Idaek eyes and rayen .locks, piainiy told her to be the mother of. iiis .'..'eldest boy- - Tliese are the wives. of this n. an and the mother of these children. "See thustir love-li- t eyes beaming on their children, and from them t their h u not only a look of love,".'but of confidence. The one man on earth to lead and gui.de them through lite. Are the women' de- graded slaves, and coerced by a ta.--k master? Are they neglected and thf r hearrstriiigs torn asunder by .tho infidelity of (heir husband?' Do they fear that somoi.urtesaii his. favors? Are these by his means. and t v cruel! children rtat.d , neglected bv '9thuir ...... t pa ren tsx a! lowed lo 'wander li'u tiLC'-Lsta- drink, to smoke, to jirufane the ji aiiieoflDeiL'Cj and to aSsociatt! Avith the v.Ticked and corruot? We shall see. Are they ill looking "or de formed? . Look at their sweet faces and omely forms and'answcrT" List ! for father reads: "If they call the master of the house Beeiebub, how much more shall thev caii them, of his household? If they have, have me.; they will also persecute voir. You children, our Lord was persecuted, lie r and afrh nd charged .with being a of pnblicans and sinners; and of cutting out tm-i- r th 1 m Thv pe ;!e." Into Thy hands we commend n ce do u e v 'lire h.i ren,' a n d o u r&h u a have' the wiui wilt,;and Thou alt Son. beloved gl.!ry4-trough' Jesus Chrbf, Thy Amen. Now for breakfa.-t-, take your; seats, r-- 1 1 -- 1 b.-t- -- :. h " . ehiMren.Jbto -- this juicv steak. Katie, J, think your bread " Ka- enou-ior a member ot Lon:ress. of - tie; the vounger wife, looks up with a flash, the" her bright blue eye. "Do not talk to me of members of Congress, Edward, I am perfectly disgusted with them." ''Now, Katie,do not be toohard on them; .pass your plate for this" steak,.:it will give you more charityfor. the benefactors of our country." Said Eliza, the eld- Benefactors of our country . 1 fike that, Edward, only I fail i to see the point. I am just us., indignant as Katie.-- : 1 Just think of placing the business and property of our church in the hands'of fourteen trutfrom the ranks of our enemies: It is perfectly absurd. Mr. Hoar must be a fit subject for an insane asylum." 1 noticed that the two. elder children listened very attentively to the conversation. To be Loiiiiniitd. -- l s- , .i i. Ml i' ' rri wuv? und serve lliee; n iney win nui,iei, b,'"c';i ught iu the shares: they have set for . to match the carp, t, well. . : dst; ; ( . piiv r'fliT7 r.f I ; . I fnTTT-- a-- e . ! - 7iVr-fri- n 1 . - i - b:.n., iney ail Thou who Tiiee, Father, for life, for health, for the Gos- that has been restored ,to men , for' the re j j. of Thy iboly Spirit and for the assurance that we are Thy children F.orgive U3 of mi r sins, we beseech Thee. Holy Father we k Thee to bless us as a family, that peace that we:may a lid unity may be. in our-mibe kind and objiglngtf our friends and ..neigh-- .bors, We ask Thee for charity, that we may n forgive each other, even as we hope to be bv Thee. Preserve our '.cliildren from t vil,;that they may grow" to be wise and yirtu-..r- . m.n and women. We humbly ask Thee, Father,.. to blevs Thy servants whom Ti;ou hast placed at the head. of Thy Church. Give unto, them reat'wisdoiu aiul undeitanding, that th.-may i!rect and counsel Thy people in a wav tr.at will be pleasing in Thy sight. Bles t um;- Thv - :il f iow t,j' iii open, as it som or:' .'UCU d soti, musical ;:)(! iustleft it. : i utnev i can:- h' ar the :ur i'A the room. n;;i fiute-liknotts: of the pretty warbler. .'Hiere is, a library liile-l- wb'h hitrit-.- and a I cast .n-to of other st ii v.- i thc ar' the. Dortrai'ts of room. .'.An 'driraa ji word oi prayer. 4iw44i4bebeav d . t;reatment losiMepsf - ; . wr wTmttrwmn-ni- a Hoiv and Eternal Father. kneel. rays otMw sun, artist's pencil J .must en.terjt'lik house and. see. what these people are' like.-- As I walk up the clean gravelled walk leading from the. gate to the house, I wonder if the inmates in their charI acter assimilate ws f: their surroundings. . the to hall par-;open the door, p:t-- lor through the 1 isTKe floor nicely cov-iof sittiiig "riH;:i red cur pet; a h w choice" ered with a gre u : oortraits of C'd1'" scenic oil painting? an-- 3 iVaturu of the. a. ebrated men rmiagii-pictiiriLivotthyait.a- fMhiXmM 3T Avewill have -fc as y J ' lawn a fountain is sending forth its silvery spray dancing in the sunbeams Directly op, .uai.iv. posite tne iouuiaiu, m cl its a white Cottage,moderatH.iu ivin-nt neat Kom-lik- r beauteous 'rose, the sweet'sceiited honey sucider" and iessamine entwining themselves around the windows and scaUeniig..,,t n m r rrn n encs-py- M. IN TWO m : - - ' es,-chos- en -- - .. . ' . ' . nd, . cle. -- -- - per.-ccnte- Ll d a-Jt- wine-bibbe- We received a very pleasant call the other dav from two of Whittles cousins, inmates of "''thelHe"h).me lit" Oak KnollTThey were very ; well puasant holies, genial in conversation and pleased with the city. They remained over. Sunday and attended service in the tabernaMrs. - : :, e '. ''' - Jleien limit. Jackson, of Colorado of the Century Springs the famous "H. and M'njnzive and the Sew' York Independent, the author of : several ' excellent books, we very much regret has had the misfortune to' break her ankle iecenf ly; we were in hopes of having "her soon here in Salt "Lake again. . H.?- - In '''Bishop Simpgont, woman suffrage and consistent -- friend. Only a few months before his death, "lie wrote: "I have for more than thirty years believed that the great intere.-t- s bf morality imperatively require that the hands of the ballot should be placed woman. I have no doubt that the coming and years will see the triumph of your cause, will that our higher 'civilization aud morality, woman rejoice in th vork' which enlightened iviil accumpiiphr' firm ' loses a . . ii - P i- P. 