, . , - " '"I . 'i t : . 4. r- - ' : " ; ... . i ', : -1- -,- . r : The Eights of tho Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. -- Vol. SALT LAKE CITY; UTAH VY. For tho EsrON'KNT. j INVOCATION. Jr.si; the third at life; consummation of time, in the days of Joseph. In every dispensation Satan "has bestirred himself to fight against 'God and try to bring Uilk pu rpftie tou- -n augh trm tGod has ever ' made use of him as an instrument to further His plans and perfect His praise; suffering him jls He would a nd checking , M- will. at It i the last "dispensation. which we have under consideration, and how fully is it proven that the. ways of God are not as the ways of man, when He chose Joseph Smith, an obscure and unlearned boy, before all the great and wise ones of the earth to open the last and - greatest ministry of the Gospel unto the child-- , 'ren of the earth. Ts it any wonder that the " . -- L0-j!M-- . year and a day a year and a day! ()b, where in immeneity vast do you Btay? EYhat wondej8 of biles couldj'our soul bo enslavo As to make you forget who weeps over your grave? What billows of melody beat from your ear The voice of the pilgrim beseeching you hear? O Spirit, set free from the burden of clay, Stop buTf6rraTn"menti A year and a day! : A year and a day a J car and a day I 1 linger and hearken; one whisper I pray; No matter how lightly your footstep may Jail I'll. hear it; I'll answer your faintest call; My famishing soul In your presence could gain The courage to labor and struggle again. ' My heart is aweary. No longer delay! I've waited and listened a year and a day. A year and a day ayear and a day! talisman words has your charm passed away? -bear nalad footstep, ! are no fond Bmiler " I No 6trenghtenlDg clasp on my weak hands the while 0 Death, thou grim guardian over tho lomb, Why wearcst a mantle of silence and gloom? Ob, curtain that shadows the light of my day. Unclose! Unclose! A year and a day. A -- O A UG U.S.T - time, in the days of J year and a day a year and a day! Three words liks an echo from far, far away, Fall ringing and rliugin around inylicait,. Till they seem of my weak, longing. soul a pad, I long for the clasp of departed handf, Iear eyes that now bnam in tho brighter land, A word or a token to brighten my way ., o Silence, be broken! A' year and a day, A ,T . intel igehrworid fouhTHHiar ITHyelieve? But they should have been preare3 for it, because! -tlierholcripturelhave always declared that the weak things of the earth should be chosen to confound the wise. When this youth had the temerity to affir- -i that he had been appointed to translate for the benefit of all future generations of mankind, precious records of ancient peoples he who understood no language, scarcely even his own is it" any wonder that reasonable people found it bevond belie!? AnoTwhen the book made its appearance abounding in excellence, filled witl consistent albeit most marvelous histories of periods and peoples,-high--an-d holy teachings, quota-- ' . tions from the lucid explanations of the Jewish Scriptures, and all couched in most magnificent T language, it was overpowering. It was manifestly impossible that such a boy could'be himself the author and originator of such a book, and had the finest schools on earth been at the boy's command, two years, the time occupied, in the translation of the book, was far too brief for the manufacture of so vol- uminous a work, in which no flaw could be found; which chimed in strict unison with the ancient-Bib- le in every lineand word. It seemed that the reasoning powers of men would inevitably lead them to the truth that the work was truly a translation, rendered " by one of the meek of the earth, not by his own strength and wisdom, but by the gift and . power ot the rioly Ohost, Hut just at this critical point, the father of lies filled their ears with that flimsy fabrication, the Spauiding and thus turned away the hearts of men from the glorious opportunity of becoming filled with God's holy word and having their eyes opened to the grand panorama of events from the beginning of creation even unto the end. And Satan filled the hearts of men with rage against him, whom they considered an impostor, until they 'continually, sought after his life. .He was waylaid, beaten and maligned, but always delivered with his. life, for his work7 z ' was not done. On the 6th 1830, by power and au- he God from. 'organized the Church of thority Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, and to eyes itrau?t have seemed a 5 mail matter only six .'members but God blessed them and called them His own, the. Church which should never be thrown do a u nor given to another people; the little stone cut uut .f the mountain without hands, which should roll ..x forth in power and great glory until it should '' fill the whole earth. And God nourished anil strengthened His small Church and gave1iuc upon line," precept upon precept, and revelation 1 -- . year and a day a year and a day! have trodden with faltering feet the way I 6aw you were going; tod swiftly you passed, Forgetting one I Irigring lookto cast, "Torgetilng to call me, or message to send To lighten the way for your travel :worn friend; But though tangled and dreary and dark the way, Dear heart I am coming. A year and a day. A 1 - hv Daltox, Beaver, July 8tb, 18S4. God-give- n ADDRESS. -- DZXIVERED BEFORE THErPUBLIC IN BElVZE7XrrT. JuiT 24tii,.1S$4, bt L. L. Dajlton. Ro-manc- Lord's and the fullness The earth thereof; the world and they that dwell therein, and we are His people, a remnant of His own is the chosen Israel, heirs of tbe covenants and promises made with Abraham, our father, and the . friend of GojaY The ways of God are not as the ways of man, nor His purposes to "be fathomed by the small understanding of man. He created this earth and placed His children upon it for a purpose a wise and glorious purpose to test them, to prove which of them would seek after truth and righteousness for truth and "right-- " eousness' own sake; for of fuch is the Kingdom of Heaven... At three grand epochs in the history of this Church, God ha .vouchsafed to His mortal children an explanation of His own perfect . plan "for their redemption from all evil, and their restoration to far more than their original happiness, power and glory. The first revelation of the divine plan of redemption was at the .beginning of time, in the days of Adam; the second at the meridianof . y e, t -- - of-Apr- il, - -- - w. 15, 'iSfiT No. 6. after revelation for their guidance. And they grew in numbers and strength until they pur chased counties and founded cities, and built ' temples to the Most High God. And Joseph iiicreed"in 7v7isom"anorin favor with God and labored diligently for the perfection of the Saints, teaching them their duties both spiritual and temporal. He impressed upon their minds the words of: Jesus, "Except ye are one yc are none of mine;" also our national maxim "Union is strength." And by their puccess in embodying these precepts in 'their actions they, became a power in the land, and their neigh-- ' bors began to look upon them with jealous eyes because of their worldly prosperity ,and because, as they averred, these! people whom they I117 scorn had.dubbed "Mormons'-noheld a6 bal ance of political power between two opposing part ies. .Thev began to cry" priestcraft, " "de and to denounce the lusion," union of the Mormons as something unrepubli-ca- n and dangerous. They sought every4occa-sio- n to malign and annoy individuals,especially Joseph Smith, bis brother Hyrum and all the officers of the Church: Then began a crusade of accusations, arrests and detentions, hard t( endure, but always ending in the discomfiture and chagrin of the accusers, until weary with m pts-- to - i n j ure-thiruitl r h ated neigh bors undercover of law, they entered upon a course of unlawful persecutions which, in sotno cases, provoked retaliation, which perhaps a pretext for scenes of plunder," violenco and murder, worthy the darkest of the dark ages. The prophet and his brethren were re' peatedly thrown into prison, and as fast as one false charge fell to the ground another would bo At last God's anointed brought forward. his noble and brother were slain by a. Prophet painted mob while imprisoned on another fidsn charge, and under the pledged protection of the Governor of the State; and that gameGovern or, at the time of the attack upon the jail, va haranguing the prophet's people, promising safety for him and justice for themselves. God and his own soul know if he was in league with the dastardly assassins. t By no means were the evil doers satisfied "with 'tlie"3eatF7 of the Smith brothers, though they boasted loudly that their death would put an end to the Mormon Church, but now they fixed their covetous eyes on the possessions of their neighbors, and continued their deed3 of violence until the Saints were obliged to abandon their homes, and in winter, with their aged and infirm, their young and old, their weak and strong, turn their backs upon their country and the whole civilized world, and set thfir faces toward the setting sun to sek asylum and liberty of conscience far avvay amid the everlasting solitudes. 0h the anguish of leaving their beautiful. homes, the graves of their kindred, the Temples wherein they had labored and rejoiced, and to crowu their afflictions they mu-ileave the shadow of the star spangled banner, which waves over the land of the free an the home; of the brave! They loved the dear old flag for which their kindred blo 1 had been shed at L?xington and Bunker Hill, but now, iu their extremity, it afforded them no protection. They had broken no law, yet that modern Pilate, Governor Bojjjjs, had signed a decree for their expulsion from the State, and Uie Pre-:)dent of the United States, when petitioned, 5aidYc.vrrjiu?.?ii.j!ist,..butI:aaii do nothing , -- w . "one-man-power- ," ". ess-at- ei te fur-nish- ed . . ' - t 1 2 for vo 1." . . -- 