WOMAN'S EX S3 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. KUKE B, Pubnebed . WBIXS, Filler. i Counselor C. W. Penrose, each occupied a few minute?, speaking In a very 1m pre-?-- ive man per upon the themes of thy J Gospel,, its teaching?, rtml3 in all a;ts pQhp world.: y, -A- rppiiAitd B enstliciqon by time, $2.50: per month, 3. 00. Jf liberal diacosntjto l reulat-ad yertlscrs. '.vT Eipossst Office, in brick building north of Z. C. M. ., liast Temple Street. Business hoursjTrom 10'ajn. to 5 p. m. 8T8ry day, except SundayT r ' Address all business communications to Publisher "Womah's Expokkxt, ' Salt Lake City Utai. . SALT LAKE CITY, - fcOE PTEM BE It 1 ,1884 On SundayAugust 24th, asperrWlduihV ncuDcement, memorial services were heU in the large Tabernacle lu this city at the Earns tfme that funeral rites were being performed for the martyred Elders in Paradise and ICanarra, whither ihe bodies had been taken to there- Bpcctive homes of the victims of the terrible nesaee. . There was a vast congregation, and the seats on the platform, occupied by the Priesthood, were well filled. The upper stand wai occupied by Pxe'at. Joseph F. Smith, Prcst. W. Woodruff" and Patriarch: Joh n Smith". I at he , next stand were the Presidency of 'thii stake and soaie of the Apostles; the next well Ailed with Seventies, and 'at each end of the stand' were most exquisite floral tinblems. The gates tjir in mostoverlovely white flowers with a ieai white dove the top of the gate?. TheTotheT was ajurpken column of nisgnifjcent white flowers, artistically arranged, a d syrnbolfz'ng the broken life in a moat effective manner. On the communion table in front of the Bishops who were administering the sacrament a most unique design in florals. A b.rad.-o- f purple flowers, on which was wrought (he initials of tho martyrs In white pansles; in the center was a crystalled white ctosf, from the four corners rose aloft four date palm branches, gracefully bending and uniting in the center, on which rested a crown of Immortelles. Surrounding the base of this eigniflcent emblem was a wide band of carnation?, and attached to the design was the Inscription, Tribute to the meimry of late lamented the martyrs, Elden William S. Harry" and John H. Qibbe, who were slain for the testimony of Jesas Chr is t,at Condor's Farm, .JLewis County, Tenneaeee, Sunday,' AugU3t10, 1884' : - The services opened with the hymn by the choir, "Creation speaks with aw'ful voice-- ' Prayer by Coun. D. II. Wells. Choir "sang, f'Sleep thy last sleep." President Joseph F. Smith wai tho first speaker, his remarks were rendered in the spirit of meekness and wisdom; he referred touching ly to the mission of the Gospel, peace on earth good will toward men..., President A. M. Cannon made eome veiy pointed and euggeetive remarks in regard to the mournfnl occasion now being commemorated. Elder John Morgan spoke next, alluding more definitely to the circumstances of the cceurance than those who had preceededhim. The. choir BftDg "The Resurrection Hymr." President Woodruff occupied a few moments In expressing his feelings cn the subject, and his words seemed seasoned with the traca of the tHoly Spirit. Ksaop O. F. Whitney, El jer'T. B. Lewis and . Young.' Tare." :'"r' ' , PROPHET JOSEPH. : and all . knowledge; that ell faith,"? T : all"-mysnrl- andj.thougI.LL-hav- could remove mountains, JUS TEACHINGS TO .THE RELIEF JSuClETV. ... This a cbaritab'e Society, and according to your natures; it is natural for females to have feelings nf charity and benevolence. You are now placed in a ElUnticn in which yon can act . tccordlng to these sympathies wh'eh Gcd has up to theso planted fn ycur besom;. If ycu-llv1 pi inciplssj how g rea t a n d gbricus wi be y our .regard in the celestial kingdom! If you live up to your privileges, ihe fcngtls cannot ifa restrained from feeing your associate?. Female, if they are pure and innocent, can come into the presence of Gcd; for what is more pleasing to God than innocence? You must be innccant. or vaii cahridt come up before God; if we would 1 ccmolbefore God, we musi keep oursefves pure'j as He i pure. The devil has great power to de ceive; h ejwlil solri,efdr m t h ings. as to make cne gape at those Who are doing the will of GoJ. You need not be teasing your huebandi because of their deed p,' but 1 weight of yourinno EilecOon ba fel t, which ia cence, kindness and more m?ghfy. than a milistcnehuug around the neck; not war, not jingle, tot contradiction, or dispute, but meeknesp, love, purity these are-ththings that should insgnKy you in the eyes of all groJ men. Sin rnuit be brought to be mut purged out from the midst light,iniquiy o 'of the Safnt; then tha veil wilj bs rent, and the blessings of heaven will flow, down Ihey will rcU down like the Iiss!eaippi river. If this Hcciety listen to the counsel of the AL mighty, through the heads of the Church, they shall have power to comrn'and queens In their midst. I now deliver it as a prophecy, If the In habitants of this State, with the people of the surrounding country, will turn unto the Lord with all their heart?-- ten years will net roll round before the kings and queen3 of the earth will come unto Zlon, and to their reepe-ct- s the leaders of this people; they thill come with! . " , py their millions, and shall contribute of their abundance for the relief of the poor, and the ; building up and btautiying of Zlon. After this instruction, you will bs responsible for your own Binit isa deairable houor that ycu should so walk before our Heavenly Father as to eave yourIves;jajrejU ld -- Lt J-n- esa not-kldul- manner we Improve the light and wisdom given by our Lord to enable us to save ourf elves. "President Smith. continued reading from the above Mentioned chapter, and to. give instructions respecting the order of Gjd, 83 established in the Church, saying every one" should aspire only to msgnify hia own oftlce and calling. Ho then commenced reading the 13th chapter. Though I s peik with the tongues of men and angeLvand have not Charily, I am become as Bounding brass, or a tinkling cjmbal;" and eaid, don't ba. limited in your views with regard to your neighboi'd virtues, but beware of eel', righteousntes, and be limited in the estimate of your own virtual, and not think y ouneives more righteous than other?; you must enlarge your souls towards each other, if you would do like Jesu?, and carry your to Abraham's bosom. He said he had manifested and foibjarance and patiencs towards fie Church, and also to his enemies; we must bear with etch other's failings, as an indulgent parent bsars with the foibles of his children. es long-tufferi- Lg e and have not charity, t amnothlng.'f He then should become mighiyQo" j- paid,. though a.inan gre!tt things, overturn . mountains, perfcrm r m Igh ty wc i k, and should then turn from h is high station to do evil, to eat and drink with the drunken, all his farmer deeds wouli not save go to destruction! -- As you him, but iccrea?e. In innocence and virtne, as you increaao in goodnegs, let your hearts expand, let them bo enlarged to ward3 others; you must ba long suffering, and boar with the fault3 and errors of mankind. j -- How precious-ar- e the souls of men! Thefo male part of the community , are apt to be contracted In- - their views. You must not be con-- : tracted, but you must be liberal in your feelings. this Society teach women how to behave toward their huebands,to treat them with mil and affection." When a man is bornejpwn with trouble, when ha is perplexed with care and difficulty, If he can meet a smile Instead of an argument or murmur If he can meet with mildness, it will calm down hia soul and soothe his feeling?; when the mind is going to despair, Jtjneedt a solace of affection and kindnee?r YoTTwill reMcelvenhitrT the order Of tho Priesthood which God has eatablibbed, through the medium of those appointed to JeaJ, guide and direct the affairs of the Church in " this Jast dispensation; aud I now turn the key ia your bhaif In the name of the Lord, and this Society shall rejoice, and knowledge and intelligence fchdll flow down from this time henceforth; this is the beginning of bitter day& to the poor and needy, who shall be made to ffjoice and pour forth blessings en your head;?. When you go home, never give a cross or unkind w( rd to ycur hubnds, but let kiitdnts.--, -ycur works henceforth charity and love don't envy tho finery and fleeting show of pin! ners, for they are in a miserable eituatlon; but as far as you can, have mercy on them, for in a short time God will destroy them, if they will tot repent and turn unto Him. Let your labors be mostly confined to those around, in the circle of your own acquaintance, as far as knowledge is concerned, it may extend to ail the world; but your admiuistratior s should be confined to the circle of your immediate? acquaint- ance, andore especially to the memjoafsdf the Relief Society.' Tnose ordained to preside over and leed, are authorized' to appoint the different officers, as the o'rc jmstancea ehall require. , If any have a matter to reveal, let It be in ge --your ownlonguej-d- otoo much In the exercise of the gift of tcngue r the devil -will take advantage of tho innocent and unwary. You may speak in tonguea for ycur ovn comfort, but I lay this down for a rule, that if anything . is taught by the gift of tongues, it is not to ba received for doctrine. Poeident jfmith then fegave Instructions respectipg the propriety of males administering to the sick by the prayer of faith, the laying on of hands, or the anoint-- , ing with oil; and said it was according to revelation that the sick Bhould be nursed with herba and mild food, and cot by the hand of an enemy. Who are better qualified to administer than our faithful and zeilcras tisterp, whose hearts ens full of faith, tendernes?, sympathy anl compassion? No cne. Said he was never placed in similer circumstances before, and never had given the same instruction; and closed hia instructions by expressing his heartfelt satisfaction in Imprcvicg this oppprCunlty. The Spirit of the Lord was poured oat in very powerful manner, never td ba forgotton by those present on this interesfting occasion. he-wou- fellow-creatur- I . , o . MEMORIAL 8ERVICE3. - Apcstle-B- . SERMOX3 AND WRITINGS OF THE ' -- lio then read the Bccond verse "Though Im'Uioc If t of pfophecy and understand Uii-ij- In Salt Lake City, Utah,: $2.: 00; one copy six months, '.one ESEEfepj for-t- year ho $1.00 Ten copies price of - nine. dvertising-rates: Eafth s ,aa?e, ten lines of nonpareil ' space, one sml-monthl- KENT. PC) 