1T)T verinid .it io.Grande-- tall wavr-anDead, dead, VJirst Viay : .v4H'fh3 """in . - ' ':. - r -- J . fruit Is gathered to, (Uo 1 en res ftftf 71 tidT'-- ". ' " "7.T" Oh, tell n?, 'vanished joy?, whit way y went Ye moonlit evening li ojrs, froru.K lea lent, 'glrt.wit$ s.Uvfa m'iit; fragrant moms - . Ytr-rerye? FoHorrrht "stria And vex my loneliness with eaor - ; -, " Nor these alone; for there arc deeper eyes, With glances keen as stars in win tef skies. In the last moments oLthapassing .year The guardian angel of our souls cotiU'S near,. And, good or ill, .' ' Of every life makes a faithful record etill. Look back, my heart, through all the crowded days ' Thdr acted falsehoods and uneven waysTT""" " Their ceaseless care and strivings after naught Nor wonder at the changes the years have wrought, .Nor thijiK good Jruit. . ' '.. . ' . . .Ml 7 winds, the softest dirges je can6lngIL TO this unquTeOouTlno peace can bring, No healing balm! With our own hands we twine The' shackles 'neath whose weight we most repine. ' Through this new year God grant us strength to go with conscience clear. TdE FAREWELL OF- THE ' When the moments of friendship are numbered, How oft it appears ; .' That the love which In laughter ha3 slumbered Awakes now in tears ! ; course And awhile in your hearts will awak?u A bitter regret; And the paths that your feet have forsaken You cannot forgut. Yet I pray you to mourn not my going, Though we have been friends; What am I but one billow, whose flowing Has touched Bhore, and ends? . And tho tale of my joy and my sorrow Lives but as the traceOf the waves, that the tides of the morrow In turn Bhall efface. - as waves leave their treasures Of coral and shell, t leave you, A gift, passing sorrows and pleasures, - -- Our friendship to tell. 7. ' ; One who has lived in a mountainous country all his life is always prepared for majestic sights; and while they never fail to delight a of lover of nature, they are seldom surprise, I had heard of the grapdeur on the I-- fi ndit.-h?rrfnf- pl "press. The nearest attempt to the ideal . - oTstaneeitavajmilewM SCENERY ON THE D. AND II. G. R. W. 1 - I can give no idea. the moun- tunnel a through running by plished would intains a distance"of two miles." This dicate that twelve miles are lost m running not feel any over mountain sides. One does and sense, of danger, and. the deep gorges one gazes wooded hills stretching far below, as deand rich from the car window, present a to the eye. lightfully pleasing picture beautiful piece of But there is really a not because of any line-gr- and scenery on the from the operation metaphysical conditions,but of natural influences pure And simple, Hi? thefo-'i- s ps now, -- Editor Exponent: not a place in which a telc- graph pole canrberplanted, the result beTnVthai iron arms are drilled mto the solid rock, and iho. Crosses hearinfrthe insulators are nlaced on them. The peculiar sensation which the inde- scriuaoie anu lowering majesty iue .t.ctiie ; I leave you the friendships, whose growing Has been from my birth; There Is nought that the tide brings in flowing Can equal their worth. For as shells from the murmurs of ocean Steal echoes that last, EoJn frlendshlnifr stored the cmotlon F. W. B. Of years that are past. "Spectator." For miles -- The Marshall Pass is a very interesting point. So far as the scene is concerned, independent - of the engineering feat in scaling the mountain at a height of 10,800 feet above the sea level, every person familiar with mountain scenery has seen its equal. It is a very beautiful sight, with the a3 a natural picture, but associated is scene grand engineering feat referred to, it a in every respect. It is not a little remarkable , to note the extent towhlch works of human of the works of ingenuity add to the sublimity and nature, when they are associated together,D. & the scaling of the Marshall's Pass by the R. G.,is especially noteworthy as an illustration. It seems incredible to look out of the car window at the track windinground.the.inountam...z side and think it should be scaled, but it sms even more of an impossibility when the feat has been accomplished to look down upon one, be- two three, or even five railroad tracks, far all but portions low, and then believe they are we of one continuous line of rails over which have passed on the magnificent ascent,; lo 17 miles of. circuigain this summit requires tous climbing up a continuous incline, lhere is however, a proposition to reduce the We are friends that have journeyed together Long time, you und I; Through sunshine aud stormiest weather, But the old year must die. .. taking anr'almost inadmissible liceiiso the-train.w'in- ' - OLD YEAllr- by. an angular for the" sake of clearness which spans the ; river and is bedded in the solid rock on either side. And here the' scene is painfully grand. .As along the eye turns heavenward fn Rparpli nf thftldiift skv and in the hoie of seeing - the top of the' perpendicular solid : rock walls which rise half a mile into the air. into innumerable, forms and shapes and leav- ing some entirely amorphous. The rains and frosts have broken fragments away irom tne original mass, and they have fallen piece by piece at the foot of the present mound; they-givthe impression that the mounds have been undermined and a heavy cave of earth has resulted. The variety of forms, the wooded hills, abrupt declines, elevated peaks, some standing high and alone, and then a succession of- them of equal he i glit resembling tkft ttWoC a.u. immense and jagged saw when seen in the dis- tance and toned' down by the intervening atindeed. mosphere; is picturesque and attractive Of the country passed through at night of O Yet :"areh harder subslancesTsvroliglit ftttever-grew-on-folryVtr- cliffs tliat the rock is suspended - . - 1 i- over the stream, and held up -- ao ''.."' " towefingTock s . - ) 1 f abundance of clay. The streams are very few and very far between, and 'the whole country-ibarren and cheerless. It U not, however, without interest to the sight viewer, and in some particulars reminds me very forcibly of Southern Utah, or that portion of it below the -- rim of the'basin. v r There are crags and castellated peaks presenting a very picturesque appearance to the eye. Hills rise up abruptly in the middle of the plain and assume varied forms, attractive because of their irregularity. There seems litthe surface, or superficial aptle question-th-at is of aqueous agencies. The the result pearance .whole valley ha3 been covered with mighty strrama. whieh have carried.Awav4he soft soil cyei, 1 .... ; ' T ..p.0Myter a 'precept- - There is a pre'csptible decrease in the height of the mountains. They widen-outthe country is.more of a rolling character; the soil is ot a 1 With sweet pale faces, fair and full of light Ah, how they throng around my hearth And whimper low ! In tones that death has,. silenced long .'"'"' There"-i- ve!y. other like, most 13 the'41little----giant- ''..' j gnystrdoTTse '.scenery rr-- njle cliMig'e, however, when Castle -- Valley: is reached. It is impossible that the whole of the ' a3 Castle Valley "should be potion by that pbrti'm of it through which v ! out. 1 au,jjarjesti$-ccess- - yilh clouds of crimTon, ros3,wiud ain;thyst Where are yc now, Ye dreams that Timo's . in the errand can von of the Arkan.; i . ) ine reaa 10 tino ws ihe wmamgs 01 .inis .nv.er.jui the cau'ypii For miles and .miles down thi3 tl'a'ljove named. go rge there seems "tiT" be scarcel)' a particle 0 F straight track, a'ad the train flies along all the while as serpentine in its movements as a whip, before the point has reached its outward limit. It is impossible to make the road bed straight; for the reason that it had to follow the course-othe river, aud even in doing 0, and after blasting and jmaking. a bedeverywhere pbss.P"'' was :pr(ip4ired to be pleaded, but not surprised. The" !J Year, are thy happy diysv of that gemmed thy pl'oa&ant w aje; Th (low'rs a clustered bough Ufds that.Jsautf-"Iu;M,- y hIUjiico-UovVaict'uU-.rhi swett chorus )m year, is ue:i'J, F:M -- T- 1 . . de- scription my soul craves, in whic.hJbegins to ap-- . frcch"theTdeal, is the femarkimade by a Hv ouiet vounco man who was viewiucrj the siirht 1 ' j my side on the rear of the platform, and who, like me, held his lial with one hand and had a dead grip on the railing with the other. After all had exhausted themselves in superlative clamations of wonder and admirati m, he quiei-l- y ho walked turned on hi3 heel, and-- as cli, that uo through the door he remarked, tat a the Inin." I would be glad to give even the faintest idea of the marvelous and majestic grandeur of the scene, but if you can imagine a stream running' nAnqiivp "p.lifl whnsfi siimmita are :i half a mile high", and as straight as an arrowr-- so sfraiedit that, thev often seem to overhang the track if ycu can imagine these cliffs piled one on top of another, without the faintest shadow of order, a chaotic mass, with-straturnea in every eouceivauiu uuecuuu, xi juu can imagine this and a little narrow guage railroad track hugging close to the feet of one of these giants, a mere speck, then you can imagine something but not this scene. It seemed to me as the engine whistle echoed and through the "Royal Gorge'which, by the way, -- ' ta ; re-echo- shake some of the jutting crag3 from their lofty , dark raplaces and precipitate them down the vine and crush the puny little instrument, which is used to convey man "with lightning ra iidit v from point to point, to a shapeless pulp. It seemed . to me that it but as it didn't, it . makes little difference what it seemed. one's cite to immodest As it might appear own experience it may, perhaps be better to tlomqn wlin had t.rHveled all he had seen through the Kockies. He said muchand imagined more, but he had never seenhad never dreamed of anything so dreadFor. myself fully grand as the (Royal Gorge." ' I wULmeelyd tta neh7e;T am glad -- I went, and saw, and got .hrnu'ph. but. like it' : always reminds mo of tooth pulling experience a fellow is powerful is out, but I never glad when the aching molar knew a person who was particularly fascinated with the prospect of a repetition of the experience. . 3Vandi5ring Boy. there may "Politeness is like an be nothing in it, but it eass3 our jolts wonder. air-cushio- n; 