j.:-:'- - r j t . .1 ,4 S -. - .... : 1- i :.- - : .... .rf,;-.T--'- 6: . ,4- -t tiilii The:fagto-o- Vol. f the "13. NEVER JiOLD OUT A HAND TO THE dwl?IsxTiir,"v1Iin' to-t- he v . ' 4. ' . If light wo desire Ob, why not enquire " j Of the Lord, who Is pleased to bestow it? Who 6ha!I bind yoa and me, Whom tho truth makctb free, : Bid the "Kvil.Ono" flee Noriyield him an inch if we know it. . toHhe-lMn- : , , LA FEMME DE LAFAYETTE. I' ''If trials and afflictions; how opened the hearts of frml V' v to w K Thf5 - . VJ ntv nf Pntr Uo fltlfflPnt TiYpnpli lv P.flpbmfrl tK ff inllfrnrotinn wnonK (Ita olalnn ieneralTaravetterhe Orators' who assisted :n -- L. or. com tort that we "Stood In - need of; how Ho naa maueus especially to realize His words, penned by one of His most inspired Prophets: 'Fear not, I am with thee,, thou art mine!" And under the inspiration of. these words, the sun of our system burst forth, light and warmth upon us, and we roseshedding up and went on our way rejoicing- - we cast our eyes over . "' the commemoratiou of this illustrious patriot have not been jable to give, in the history of the General, but a part worthy' of him, or Worth V nf heV tllA nnKl nnnanrt trtA nUaarfn of his diversified fortunes and participator . .1 e 1 . . .. i i. rea-sotwu-iui- a aiuciouaacBxaua-iuisior-- H ii '. f . 1 n. .. . -- - .. Public speakers in celebrations of thn kind "have not the, time, neither again the questionable taste to enter into the intimate relations of the life of the heroes they eulogize; abov all when their public life offers a sufficient subject as vast as it is'intricate; and then Mme. de Lafayette was also as modest as she was active in her devotedness; her virtue was too the-reside- nce oTTiilcreaturej, human and animal, yet even they have ben studied that their tastes .and appetites might,-b- ..fully., gratified. The tiniest insect has not been forgotten or by any "means; if we take the microwe can behold how busy the Maker scope w iiujinu uitrxtrve sue : yvn lu. iwuiumu; 11s iinyorganization.in rciuicio t T" t beautifying its minute body with royal colors, reanzeaj that sue had but done her duty, even lhe purple and the gold.in not leaving out any "when she pressed its accomplishment to the attribute that would add pleasure to its epheacme of heroism. At all events, she believed meral existence all has been freely lavished herself sufficiently recompensed by the love of on them and they are asJndependent in their an adored husband love of which he gave sphere as the potentate Tof humanity. such an eloquent proof in wishing to carry in Every one ought to possess a microscope, to the tomb, placed upon his heart, as a title to that they might enter" into a new world of in the other life, the medallion con- a and of wonder would that then be prebeauty tainmg the portrait of her who had been an sented to their view. The means of human admirable wife and an exemplary mother. knowledge is immense in this enlightened age, but it mournfully tp.lla are yet 'tis true that wo are wLser.than we -- -- eraHreldli1swtie7the tender love of which know, therels afund of Intelligence hidden in inspired so many manly resolution. It has tho human strata that requires a proper time conceived the thought to M. de Lescure of i master hand to bring it fortht Who making a research of the fact which entitled would think for amomentthatJBreis contained Mme, de Lafayette to the admiration and unin the cold, opaque flint; had it not been fading remembrance of her husband, and to This is an appropriate simile to sketch thus as a margin to the history of La' thousancl3 ot beautiful hidden flowers. The f at the foot of a statue fayette, like a human intelligence has been developed marvel- the history and the.'jmage of the accomthe and t J ouslyjwithin present century, i gives plished and discreet wife who honored his fireus an assurance that in the next we shall "see side and who was his consolation by the fidel-et- y of an heroic love through all the vicissigreater things than these, sending the present discoveries into comparative insignificauce; the r tudes of glory and the intermittances of popupower of steam haa been applied and brought larity. to Mme. De Lafayette was a Noailles, one of r its present perfection within the past fifty r the five danghters of the third Due d'Ayen. years; electricity also being its necessary con Le'4 Thermidor an II (22 June, 1694) in ono comitant, with its startling effects; the electric with the their telephone, telegraph, thrilling flirt" I UVllVUil Avon. . hon tnrithor miU I I Alma us the 111VIL11V.1 . lIIU JtJIllPMOCOn till liVl. UVX developments, giving power to speak ' Noailles Do Marechalo with friends and lqyed : ones a hundred miles her grandmother, the -and and hear identical the Vicomtcsse Do Noailles, her eldest and can our off, voice; they then the sister, married to one of her cousins. The old telegraph, that astoundalso Marechale was eighty-sithe railroad years of age,and had ing grasp of scientific ability; fallen into a state of entire imbecility. Her under the bed of the Thames, and the underdaughter and granddaughters were obliged to ground railroad beneath the Metropolis of sustain her under the arms to enable her to England; the electric light I might go on to mount the scaffold, for she scarcely walked any; enumerate the saving of human labor by mashe sang and laughed, and jocosely inquired if chinery of erery sort, and then the half is not told. Surely the mind must be obtuse indeed they were not conducting her a la promenade. The terror caused this poor old head to totterv that'does not see the hand of th Great ArchAdrienne De Kbailles was married to the itect of the Universe workiug with His agent man; realizing "there is a spirit in him, Marquis De Lafayette on the 11th of April, ' but God 1774. She was twelve and a half, he giveth it inspiration." Yet it is His seventeen. These manages between juveniles revelation that is flooding the human mind. These are only the beginning of wonders, tho i , were frequent among the French nobility, but met-tafollowing the saying3 of the times, "on ne spirit of revelation broods over thi3 mundane pas toajours tes epoux ensemble." A specisphere in this 19th century, bringing out the was -f- ied time latent powers of tho human mind the God in a legitimate consummation. Na- receive should embryo hid up in that complex machine, the ' human body, propelled by the "divinity that turaliy this little married couple sought to, and stirs within it" Religion and science are twin-- " finally succeeded in rejoining each other. One day the youDg husband penetrated to the apartsisters, and will yet be so acknowledged. ment of his petite wife and turned the key. Pass on, old year,we hail with joy the advent The principal relatives were angryand scolded, of the new. . . re-uni- on Many sink unawares, . In the- Mighty and Just - May yre evermore trust, He is equal to all that opposeUim; Let tho vile do and say dem-enstrate- x Whatsoever they may; .j For guidance we'll pray, Till the Lord in His wrath overthrows them. - Need we shrink from the storm Whilst we lean on His arm, Whose command, yea, whose whisper can quell it? Let the hurricane blow, For our pilot we know, i 'When he wills thus or so , There exists not a power can annul it. ; To mortals is given The priesthood of heaven; An organization efficient To triumphantly tread, lie had : 's And unwittingly fall in temptation. 'Tla "the turn of the tide," And tho best must be tried; May we faithful abide, " Nor stumble o'er ev'ry vexation. . " 1 Because of the snares, - A over-looke- d And wherefore te found On the ground, Or bring ourselves down to his level? Lest "he eift us as wheat," Or our ruin complete And esteem it'a feat Never hold out a hand to the devil. t ' jtheJautiful worlHehadmadefor cr AVhy4ow Of the Air," or evince for hia pestilent legions, Respect Or foolishly seek Those who mutter and peep, Or their company keep Who'ro bound for thobottomelss regions? arch-Tempter- - No.' 13. ur V'An(I wlicn" ey say unto yon, seek unto them who navo familfar splnte, and unto wizards that p:;cp and mutter, phould .. - these that the. hand of the Lord was revealed through all; how He had sustained and devil. : tholiving i.Woia;. d? bas-relie- " ' 1 1 - 1 ' ( tho "01d Serix;ntV bead; While we 6eek Him who said; -"For the weakest jmy grace Is sufficient.-"-. Emily H. Woodmaxsee, - sub-marin- W e x , . MEDITATIONS ON THE PASSING YEAK-18- 84. . .i BY HANNAH T. KING. Again we are approaching one-- of those revolving periods in the Book of Time in which ' the thinking mind takes a long breathing space, and thought runs back through the scenes passed in the three hundred and sixty-fivdays comprising the past year. We are brought to a pose, tho hear- t- and brain naturally run back, and gaze once again upon" the joys and sorrows sickness and bereavements, .experience during the past year; and we can not fail to recall the blessings abo that have attended us through all; so palpable have been e il appointed-when-thc-marri- , -- agc 