vLf y fLHHKLISE B. WEJUUS, Editor. semi-monthl- 7goeg on -- she i 15. 1SS4. , . ma-thin- g In forcible language and thrilling incident "the horrors cf Mormon ism." When it was understood here that Miss Faithful wouli write a b:ok, it was thought by many who had mat har and heard her speak, and by those who were somewhat atqiainted with her work in' the cause of refoim, that she would at least deal honestly and fairly with : - teJf'?ti&t trsnpired thejthqugh d suci conversa- tion was heard by any one. There were several gentlemen and ladies present, who were astonished and amszsd when they saw her book' that she could make so unfounded an assertion and publish it as truth, and wnlle openly deprecating shams and frauds of all kinds, should her-Eebe guilty of palming off upou a sensational public such a cjusummaio sham and maliciuos falsehood. What she expects by wilfully traducing and falsifying those who never did her any harm, but sought to show her kindnes and courtesy, is difficult to imagine, and when one considers the pretended claims sho makes to a reformer and an agitator of the rights of all mankind, and recalls the statements made in her lecture, one 13 sorel puzzled to understand her motive-1- , for sho ssya at the close of her book: lf and they kne w it to be uutrue in their hearts they had been partake! a of his liberality, had been numbered riinong his friends, had mingled la his society at thq :very.,.; tlmejIrerrtiheyQ. clare bis handsi' Iznbaed with Llood. j3low 5Mre4' "tlrey allow their lipa; to utter or sancllon these jvilexmd infamous storietf? Are there not thou sands to tcsli'y against them? Their treacheiy and cruelty Is equal to that of traitors, lost to ail . eense of honor. "Alas, shouli they provoke the blooiy cDnQiet they seem' anxious to bring about, and bring down the indignation of the Congress they bo imploriirgly be ecch,: would they bs guiltless of jnnocn.ibloo'?-iIAre-IheyrJo- t .satisfied nivhenT they seeinnccent men and womancst into prison for the practice of the religion which they so devoutly believe? Ifc Eeems incredible that woman possessed of the motherly instinct inherent in hermother nature, could be Incited to take part in such a diabolical scheme. That Miss Faithful, whose name has been heralded the world over as a reformer, should take up the cidgel against an inoff entive, industrious, hardworking but persecuted people, after a few days' visit, and Join hands with tho33 who are combined to destroy the peace, happiness and prosperity of Utah &nd her people, is indeed -strange, the political clique, the and that she,aa English womanBhould appeal to the Congress of the United States. To refer to ail the malignant falsehoods about "Moimons" this book coufcains would take too much space, but aa we were requested by the publishers in New York to criticize and eehd marked copy of the paper, we have touched up- on a fe w cf the misrepres 'an ta Uon3Jnthet wo -chapters named, and believing there are hon6st people who may read the book and ba deceived by it, it becomes an Imperative duty, in the interest of truth and Justic?, to contradict some of the false, wicked and slanderous o oar J made therein. . , self-slyle- d Tna'CHirt was duly opened at 10 o'clock.. Mr. Dickson (addressing the court) Bald: This waa the hour appointed, If your honor please, forjudgment in the case of the United States,' versus Clawson. Mr Harknesa We know of no reason why your honor should not7proceed to pass judg- - ment. Mr. Bannett, I wish to state to your honor that In the matter of moving for a new trial we What construction can one put upon Miss Faithful's state man ts except that she has joined hands with the clviiizars and regenerators of Utah, those who denounce virtue in Mormons and appland vice in those who seek Its over-jjhrp?!!--.- - ;-- Mies Faithful spsaka of the petition signed by nearly 500 women and sent to Congress which denounced Brigham Young In what ehe terms, "these remarkable words:" "Never in thh world will the history of these dark deeds be written, for the victim and witness oLmsny a tragedy are hidden together ih the grave" and again slie says "The history of his reign for it is nothing else Is written In characters of blood." She has aiso stated that numbers of those who signed the document had a "personal and bitter experience of thepractical workiDga of polygamy." These apostate ladies know this thing to bs utterly false-aninfato desecrate the memory of mously cruel, thus the dead, wh?n they put their namesto that if they were aware of Itacontents, and it is to their condemnation and they muei answer the consequences hereafter. Women who were intimately acquainted with Brigham Young (so we have been informed) signed that petition, d p'e--titlo- n, have, after mature consideration and delibera-tiodecided not to make such a motion, but to rely upon our bill of exceptions. The Judge altered his minutes accordingly."" Judge Zane then said Mr. Clawson: Will you stand up, if you please? Mr. Clawson thereupon stood up and stepped to the clerk's desk. Judge Zane then said Yon wera indicted In this court upon an indictment charging that you have been guilty of - polygamy cn the dys named In the indictment by marrying Lydia Spencer while your former wife Florence Ann Clawson, was still living. In the eecond count of that Indictment you were charged with unlawfully cohabiting with two, Florence Ann Clawson and Lydia Spencsr. To that indictment yoa entered a plea of not guilty, and the Jury was sworn to try the issue, and after hearing the evidence, and argument of counsel, found you gniltyonf both counts of the indictment. Have you any legal cause to show why judgment should not ba pronounced upon' yon? Mr. Clawson. Your honor,since the jury that recently sat on my case have een proper to find a verdict of guilty, I have only this to Bay why n, - - llter-alpart- y, BUDQEK CLaWSON'S SPEECH. "She that lifts up the manhood of the- poor, She of the open heart and opan door, - "With room about her knees for all mankind." ' ms .Pre3lderiXyicOii3uk- -' is best known to' herself, no extravagaacB3,fcubt3rfuge3 and frauds practiced in the great woLL therefore, how could one suppose she would pandarto the present vitiated taste or modem society for sensational matter, or Join in the hue and' cry against those of whom sha kaew so little, before she had thor- ox-tea- who .'know pur-pes- s, ' e con-caive- Utah. 1 She came here and accepted the courte elea mnd attentions of the "Mormon people; ehe g&ve h "lectureih TladerrTBhamft" in tha Salt auLakeTheatre to an almost entire dience. She fltrorjg'y denounced the bypocri-sie- oughly investigated the subject. M!si Faithful was here a few days, she was suffering from asthma, so that she was unable to see much that would have been Interesting to a casual traveler; yet she writes of Bait Lake City and the citizens as though she had been a dweller in their midst, and kne whereof she wrote. jf MUs Faithful' book is entitled "Three Visits To America and ontains four hundred pages of reading matter, and judging of her by her literary ability an J pre3tige one would not expect she could so far forget her womanly honor, ai to publish falsehoods; and knowing that the two chapters she has devoted to Utah contain so much that Is untrue.ho w can one who knows that, accept othei matter as positive in facts and descriptions. 4 The XI and XU chapters of the book are devo ted to "Mormcn"themas; opening with Brigham Young entrance to the valley, an J Mbs F,. writes: "No wonder that the keen eve of the 'Prophet' at onca discerned hla opportunities and that he resolved to balld up his Z ion in this fertile spot." If Mis Faithful had traveled across the barren plains with tired and worn-o- ut e and arrived hero weary, and only, to find a deaert of sage brush and alkali with no one to greet her save the half-naksavages, and the Jiowllng of ravenoui wolves, ehe would be able to make a more truthful statement. We -speak from knowledge and we know whereof wa assart; deiolate and uninteresting were these now delightful vales at the advent of the Saints. But let that misrepresentation pass, it scarce de To-thos- the veriest nonsense, and. would reqilre no con- tradiction. Bat in defense of truth and to show how utterly fa)83 her statements are, we emphatically declare the whola thing a myth a in" her own brain, for what effect or -- ed sooft reptaeUy al-l- that ec will be done by Congress if they set forth tj think foot-sor- IS z&iSz'X-- . :And that mine adversary had written a book," exclaimed Job in his sflllctldn, but we have no reason to apply this to ourselves in the present day, for it se3m3 to ba a very common occurrence for the eneoaiai of truth to write a Eaoh author seami U y EMILY FAITHFUL'S BOOK, book. has-lw- en J- t- : -- SALT LAKE CITY, NOVEMBER &A .,t.., hadreallybeen present. Th e fac t Is iba--h e tvss not evan Invited at all, the Invitations Saints. She kg strictly confined to Latter-daknows what the iocal papers published concerning the happy event, and no more. However, she wa?, as she says, invited to ajuncheoa party at the Qardo House, the residence of President John Taylor, but the conversation jherr elates as, -fcavfng taken place there, has been coc j ured u p by her own vivid imagination. BisUr EiJza, she 'says, made an effort for her. cenversion which is utterly erroneous; but that is a mere trifle and not worthy a moment's consideration, bat she goes on to Bay,: ''Opposite me sat Joseph F. Smith, nephew of the "Mormon" founder, and next to him a lady from Stockport sealed to President Taylor for the life that now is and that which Is to come. Both of them u led openly to their relationship, and regretted I did not see the value of forming associations "which would last throughout eternity." : ; . JS V ...:;.y:"---Miss Faithful speaks of having been kivlted Ho the ruty given in honor cf the anniversary of Bister Eiiza SaowV eightieth birthday, and' JL'zzJ-- 4 PublisterWoMi.sXxpoKisNT, r -" - Salt Lake City Utahr" " . N Wang. la Salt Lake Uty, Utah one cc Terms; copy year, 1 00; one copy six months c $1.00 Ten oplos for the price of nine. AdYertislngr vrsicsv Each square, ten lines of aonparell space, one time, $150: per month, $3. 00. , A liberal discount to rejnUar advertisers. Exfohext Office, in brick building north of Z. J. M. TL liaet Temple Street;' Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p.. m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to PnWisJbed 1 - - A- serves ineiitbn, it THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 4 M ; . 