13 do with cur cho?ce. Vcu eg cjtfcts 1 ei It & suf-r--utidin'- indu&trcuvr.rr.ve at scna; dl til eUcn ia ilia "au'd profession to whjhJJJii -w oletrt t: t y h a vinfaTu r &7 t a ! t at. Lcrv s i ra oJra'lt CcrJ.;J.jy.-rlis J ,a': nlh. g o f" i pin Ur, .!:; ftiiiiiuffly I - me not so Ulae as Like Geneva, ami tha ara perft cfly charming, not sa grand, h tho- mounf&!iifl but ' around IViUe iijsiiLUft .in,, tho : c'f ibe 05trlaid. for the leftutifiii rccHt-j- tiuo v; have tome who vri:l if tiity are cHbg? at U e pleui t p f Pm-fc- . r e (l t . I .'i'taie'are iutuijuj i to Pratt 'has certain ;y the for h'swork 's A. M 1 1 ;ftj I (hough jr i:fe Cad a on . i ) n i'ha'Juu the u;i, - LKTTKlv Xii; CiL-iCIKKS; letter,' we vitited the It roly info th ifh uikgi m : l li-i- won-.der,f- or the bluest I have ever seen, though they tell d.i ul : . ' months. When we reached. Grinder wald we took hordes &nd rode an hour cud a half up the nr. rne auimnid were sure mountain to a footed and kaev the wray a9 well as the guide. I i ever had a clear idea cf what a glacier was, sad s appreciated still more the great icemcun-- " tain. In tharvine between two of the highest moanUJn3 wss thi3 great ma?s of rock, ice and fcnow. It has been tuaaeled out, aad wet walked rii.Jit iato the cvera of lea one hundred and Ji.'ty feet, ice tbove, below, and on every aide. There wa3 in?ide the most beautiful light I ever saw, just tho fainteyr, palest blue imagiaable, it made me thiak, or at least fancy, I had passed beyond things rel and wj3eing shpwnsome-- ; " :" -- : . 1 g tlit Tc-day - row.-- d nCnl'iSgln'.re purFJbuffful thanthat-Whic- h b lir ga to earth. Oh, how I wish you could have seen it for yourself, words cannot begin to da;criba its loveliness. After we had come from the cavern and had passed on to a hill where our horses were standing, the blocks of 1C8 which tho preheat rain aad warm weather had cawed to break loose from the glacier came rolling down over the rocks with a sound louder than any thunder, and it echoed and through tho mountains. The host at tho mountain Louse arranged three cannons and fired them off for us, the sound and the echcesjvere -tremendous and terriblerAserodeback a . boy blew an Alpine horn for us, and the echo was exceedingly beautiful and sweet.- - These horns are sbjut five feet long, such -- . - -- - re-echc- ed queer-look--l- ag " things. I think we have been very fortunate In seeing Swirzerland at this time, it Is all green and beautiful as summer, and a little too early for tourists. .When the season arrives for tourists the people nearly kjll one with their trinkets for sale,Their toDgs, thtir horns, and all such things; we have heard it all and teen the real y iy f ti-i.- season is childhood! so full of Joys and pleasures, without a care cr anxious thought to mar its ful to be allowed JoomehQmeand sc8 all my dear frienda again, and my own dear home in Utah'a vales. As John Q. had never been far into the Barnes Obsrland, end as. I had not been at all, he took a little holiday and we went Into that beautiful and celebrated region. We had a nice ride on the train as far as Thnne, then took the boat for Interlaken. Lake Thune ia one of the famous lakes in Switzerland, and no it Is indeed very lovely. The water iai rjht iti iDeatk-'o- d . . in h criptive of this, it in. too grand Ty magnificat for any description from m,- btfdues It will be so much more pieafant when I come honie to tell you all when we are all together agam, D3ts DotfttUl em, "Th Itbint-- , the Hhirp, the German Hhme?y I have laughed so many ' timer? tJnce I taxe Lere and havo hfnrd it pisyed by the military band?, with the thought cf her perched on the topmost limb of en apple-- , tree, or hanging in a traj ez3 la the garden, sieging thh national tong at Jhe topjsf-he- r yv'vyt The Easier Fair is going on here7 la Berne now and H is similar to the fair held ia the fall, of which I have writtea before. The whirligig are out ia full force and aro most freely pitroa Jzed. Ho many children there,aad they all seem to behaving such a gxd time, but then children always do have good times. What a happy it is warm and bright, almost too lovelo ly stay in the house, and I am so happy with . the thought cfJA3ingtJiomegaiavith ali afy"" loved ones, still I hRve never bsen home-ick'a- t al', and every hour has been to me so pleESAUt, my health has bten exceptionally good, and had It'nof been for John Qs ill health hst winter I think there would not have been cne single cloud over these bright days. He is perfectly well now, and looks as hearty and happy as ever, and I get such good news from home, that I think I am very greatly blessed aad feel most thankful for having had the privilege of coming into this land and Seeing bo much of the beautiful earth, and yet I shall be just as grate j:r'nd o o-wrhe -- o .. eily happiness. itlked - wo-kia- T fehalLtakfi greatpl Jy when I come home; yea have read in slopes I am sure of thin wonderful forest, but I do avt think an one could ever dnngine its real beauty without seeing it. I cin understand bow this Black. Fere? t. is the .very home of romance. I have not time cr -- woid ary thing des- -- , an-.T'th- oh rSsurdsfcTt crrbTh g i Tver bsT- : o1-- t- in b foro ' if lmisT Pro C'jiwfrn has rirea wtndnfuJ.'y in 11 c; trt md ;iJ no doLbt aiko a mark in hi- - j ro.'eteror." Wartberi'j aid then Forfs't. a cled V. tfu l.'&f i erno;n i.l vis-iu- . fishing rry oui or taTfaffcr we eawTBaTtzrrlaiid ;: an,? her people ia real life. . In futamtr the whoI plscs is a perfect shop."" You can imsgine from what I have - !d yen how. t xcesfivt-JI ' have enjoyed It, hut you cani; to liegia imagine how lovely it all is, you must that for ycur- - P t il', ilo v can oi:e mouTta;n5.arc not beau-tifirid have no charm It ffit-malmost to urn i.h thcu-- h f uch a person .'can have no soul. I shall never tiro talking ofHwitzbrland, for L tl.e.miet mountain I ih'ijk One of thu largest gi;ficrs is a catsne'; ui h '.Jn.lhia mouitta'r; v.e cd k w o .iti;t!u full oflwatcr, wh'ch-'- - h f(;i: frorn jhia' jrlVck-r- . Mny'p.eop! .asenid the Jac'frau, th ugh the pss U qui'e dar geroup. A young Eiigilsh girl ande the. accent in D'eem- btr li- - t. Yf - tHd:i'y v. o went to Griadtr w.alj, a viiiigt: not far from Interlakep, through a vciy rorr.&ntic rg:on. It wa3 early in the mora in g when wo .ets'rtf d, and the air wo'd 'flagrant Wilh th cdor of ';b!o';ming 11 jcrs, and. the aouotaia ?sb vo viJJdi.2e.i towert-women and u, '.'chi.ld'r en were in tho fields, act broad we hay.e..alLJa4yu44Hlitrt siic'i Lyf, cimilir t thoso one cccasicnaTlyrjlli'm-cu- r built' cauyon. The littlii wcqdeh housta-airi.ht upon top of tho hilhv aad all along the ..side1; .qaifcJimea:lhcre-..ar.land(-lidis,--whfcto lo tern down; wo ew an Ciuse ihi htus-eimminr-- stone.whlch had broken hcse from the niouattiu.'and in iii fall hsd cru-hea houc. ' with ail the family iaside, not three years eh ce. Oatj village ia the rn Amtains is covered in with saow from Sspterhberuut'iT' March; the people live there ail the winter aad spend their in the Leau-tifcuivm wGOii; it is iu tbeso parts wo d carving is done, but just fancy never b. iLg able to go oat cf the house for six or seven to b In l.ho p4(:tu-eIt Jo life, we have Men uj en A'ter ji ...perj ctufj a - BZKXES OlrERLAJiJj AND: riirtfiriK - r o , t-u-,' ruage .f .".thtrA lpf, was ?i;ri-,- j r J ftsi.bLs:i:e-ijafv;- -- pl-v-- ';' T.ha'd eeen now fp muc)i of 'the t- Lf:hiq-0ng a Wednesday last we.Wi ed b J. W. (iiiv.toi), yrn of J J .slu.-j- 11, Ji .:(;;.& v.'s- n, of MrZ!na'I).H Voung,' wh); wi-a moit bttikiug' bfeii;es?,--- ' :ndii d, , it rbialy fee'me'da. iff he eon J. J spak, and'ttx- soul ft r'r.s tei-h.ow- ir.mrrfnTOniFr - . cf hii work. p' r trait raint- - t? a Alpire ieienr, that this ppit Would. I have w?s initial lit: verb 3fo:e ettn ain thirg so 'wild, to vrtird, -c- ; sy' r J n i ? r F h r j s t , ! ; o in ? ay "pictures wt!,Vv u'd if vui l'Mi ?pixe. Tire; Icvflinc-scf thf- witficut'o "nnnv petty ann jsactc An KupiUhnicn ' 'wht ai 'we mot '., ca the Kihi tald' Lu t hcu tfriLiizjstiYjDitm&iQjZZ gs : .l s . foil it must be the mcfet' bssatlful country in the world, to wcmUtiu, all mountains, rivers and lake?, its cities aie built in ravine3, its vih lagfs on the 'mountain sides. Vo came back to Ibrno liht night quite tired, thc':;gh very much delighted with what wo had x'. tech. ' ' - Wd loft tterao on the 15th of May, going to Montrtux the fcllosving morning, and we gave cunelves the long promi.ed p.."aiiwof visaing future lime, Cbilioa, (of which 1 fthiil at vi rKeJMwIXilcsc i y tiO, f o r t tvtfEaxKNT)T" - And then wo' took t,ho boat and roie tho' wbcle Jeagth of Lake'Gc-DOvjh, such a sight; wtdcwide-Vo'rlthe fa so beautiful nothing ilze-asHw h i d, I : b n owvvil and rivers. Wo epsnt some time in Geneva and then returned" to Laa-anawhere we tuck train for Paris. Getiev the largest , and ajcet noted ci?y of HwUzerJsaJ, did not please much as some" of the other .SwJsi-cit!- e, nie near ' Z irhjh and L icvray for example, but then, anne-o- f them have a monTIovfely view of the Alps end the Lnke"Genbv which is the uffct n.d c'tsvittat wftttif I have ovtr seen; wo had a st eadi 1 view of M a t UuG from every 'direction, and for miles a wo traveled abag the. great, glorious, eaowy Atps iyomed up before u?, displaying more grandeur than ever, it seemed ; e d m r e, " Ttamer7-I-rckctantiy-ba- le tleliT-fareweJJ- , for I know I shsJl ntvar te anything so wonderfully beautiful again, and as we rode along we soon entered the vail yj and ravines of the Jura, .j'ili above them lower the white peaks of tho Alp?, until we reached the fiwiss borders, and njered jae forests of eastern Franca. From here the ride was dull and aciattiestirg until Dilon was reached., from thcro the laud presented a more cultivated appearanc o, end an occasional chateau relieved the monotony plain, level fields. It wa? such a change froai the varied, smiling scenery of S w z jr had t h at i t tired mo exceedingly. We had a delightful journey to Pari-- , aad I waat when 1 feel quiet and comit up descriptively for the' 'pa posed to write " per. WlJ, here wo are in this beautiful city, itay-ic- g at La bihVs, and well pleseed with the 1 catioD, as we are near the coatre of this great metropolis. The first day after we arrived we epeat walking through the baujevarde3, first to the 'Pce de la Coacorde, a large open pLce which forma the head.of the BouIevarde.Ohamf a KlytCs, and from which a moat btau tiful view can be obtained ia overy direction; on onel -- side is the garden of theruIlTeriesraraj Hue Royale, with the famous church cf the Madof-fh- e 1 ! -- eline in front, another the Champs Eiyse2s, aa Jar as the eye can reach a long avenue shaded with lime aad chestaut Jjes, aad a continual stream of people walklag or rldiag back and forth; at the lower end of this street Is the Arc de Triumph de PetoIIe, the largesl arch of tri umph In the world, and on the fourth side la the Seine Itiver, crossed by a handsome bridge. The place ia most beautifully ornameafed with flow- erB, atataea and fountains, and In the centre, on he spot where the guillotine stood, now itanda .. - 