WOMAN JIELEN-- A N D --VI KG I N I A - 8 KX-PO'NE- NT 19 "It held heFfuitTit led her on, Till the release slie prayed was met. .- "Wait thoa, my spirit, till lie calls In answer to thine earnest prayer; DO thy full dutj', guard tby steps, . -FXfcKktt&etptcM nceliear That almost parts the burdened' air; I lean, I wait, the yoIcc to hear." bttt Whence came the iW'M-'- as it the mothers Wart to wake IFllglieried-and- ; helpless afrchUd" - : She stood apart "Virginia, come, lie calls for you, that you might take Him in your arms." Pallid and dumb. ';" am sorry your jnquiryhas been so long neglected, perhaps the fact of my having a fam- ilyj)f .five children and no servant may be a satisfactory explanation. I' do not wonder at, strangers puzzling over our state' of life, because it is something new, practically; its history in - the Bible is like a story of the pasti respected because withn the sacred pages that have been the' only light and hope of the Christian world. But what God has once established can He not establish again, eyen though men had lain aside the ancient customs and even made laws against it? The reason that so many are unsatisfied, and sometimes even disgusted with the monogamic sys- - Some readers it re like the hour-glas- s (their 13 as in the and it runs runs out sand; reading leaves not a vestige behind); some like a but which imbibes everything, and returns sponge, it in the same state onlv a little dirtier; some which allows all that is good like, a jelly-bato pass away, and: retains only tho refuse and dregs. The fourth class may be compared to the slave of Golconda, who casting away all that is vorthless7rrre3erves only the pure gem3. Coleridge. ; ' . " She raised him in her arms' once more; "Koct rue," he said, then looking 'round, "Kiss me good night, papa, mamma; Virginia, I am going' where I dreamed, and told j'ou-rh- d me tight-dreamed 'twas you who took me there." He laid his cheek upon her heart, They hushed their sobs, nor touched his hand'. Virginia's eyes beamed down in his r Love, courage, faith; he smiled, and then, Half dreaming,. whispered, "there!" and Drew one deep sigh, nor breathed again. With her life's secret, and its loss, . With empty arms, no longer now Did duty plead a double cause, Nor felt hei sacred sorrow yield License to meet the hallowed love Beside the precious dead revealed. . the boy and sang to hlni; The hearer's eyes., drank in the scene, And knew what most his love had missed She held, I . His eyes grow dim The As 6he the drowsy eyelids kissed. . More thoughtful daily grew his face; If Bhe had ever soucht his eyes She might have caught a shadow there Rising o'er herpwn peaceful day; But in her own pure soul the skies Were blue and clear, and plain the way. And his fair wife, like humming bird, Flitted for pleasure here and there; Tie would not check her radiant smile, Could not reprove her thoughtless life, But lover etlll, he strove to bear The fears with which bis peace was rife. Ilestlcss - r x 2 grew 'neath home's du'lfelairns, Insatiate grew her vain desires; The tender quiet of his face Passed o'er her like a shadow cold; A thought, that leapGd like mocking fires "Wa he not growing seljisb, old';:" Ehe - bark,J g . What wonder then that pity grew Slowly within Virginia's heart? With gentle care she strove to make Home brighter for the fair one's eyes, Kept ey'ry troublous thing apart, As though her own peace were the prize. In vain exceptthe young wife thanked Virginia in her Inmost heart For taking charge of dull affairs, Grateful indeed that some there were Contented to perform a part Long since distasteful grown to her. What peril ! for what power lies In music, richer far than speech; Who does not know some blessed 6train That lives, a sacred monitor, Recalling oft to the heart's reach Life's sweetest memories again? ' Some idle words that caught her ear, Disdain, contempt, for some new creed, Woke a desire, an inquiry "What is this faith so strangely new And so delusive, that indeed Divines fear 'twill their work undo?" The following is in answer to a letter from a Gentile lady in Cincinnati, making some inquiries in regard to our principles and institu- Salt Lake City, Dear What wonder that in time there grew Love, pity's sister. In her soul? Yet like a hidden prisoner, No eye discerned his presence there, Her secret lived 'neath' her control, . Faithful to duty, pure as prayer. Yet oft within her mind arose The laws which bind The worthy and unworthy, one,, ' While neither happiness seen re; Nor either other bliss may find, But life long burden must endure. Mrs. Elk ins: March 23rd, 1884. : wl .. I . But for the child grown dear to her, ' Virginia long ere this had gone, "But something in his clinging love Plead to her heart, not yet uot yet ' tions: . -- . ' e SOME OF THE REASONS WHY. - f y And as a bird by chill winds driven Seeks refuge till the storm is spent In e'en the gnarled and hollow bough, So to her kindred, distant, cold, Virginia for a brief time went, Nor dreamed the new life to unfold. Around the lovely wanderer; But stronger still the con trast grew Lilian, who loosed his guardian arm, ' Virginia, unto duty true. "Come, Lilian, let us 9 ng Thejnjmsjvjred .jewJlbw.eaj:yijiitT- -. "I'm going out, and I must dress; . Banish that cloud that 6hades your brow; I with care don't Sing Virginia, To sing that kind of music now." for-sci- ' His household of his son bereft, No hope illumed his darkened day. To him, home grew the dearest place, Full well he strove to weave its charm 3 -- For him, life spread like ocean vast, F shjnjng wave To changing musicYv'ry hour Above the treacherous, hungry deep;": Rude winds in sbred3 the sails had swept, And loft him all alone to keep . Watch o'er the fraii; dismantled For Lilian's soul was like'her face, And both Uko April's fleeting day, With sudden bursts of shower, then , Its sunshine, carols, and its flowers, All teauty, life and warmth again. 7 lie knew that soon her soul would rise Freer and lighter than before, And that the sphere' whose shining dome His hope and love had gildod bright Was bat a hollow, glittering toy, A bubble, broken in his sight. : Ills name through generations old Sire unto son had, dying, left Th' ancestral home and honored name- ;With him tha.t name would die away,' '.'Well, If ho chooses to be tied down To dnll home circle, tame home songs, Why, there's Virginia and the child, Safe com pany,tauy rate For her the. throngs, In part, his fault should expiate . zest-inspirin- 0tsr has lived nut God, the present not the future: I do not ftd to bo' an .instructor in so great a matter, but will try and reply to your differentinquiries ..according to my own expe-- . rienceand observance, lor I would fVel condemned to remain vik-nt- . . ; I was a plural wife two yearsand then the 'first wife of my husband died, after a brief illness, beiug of apoplectic habit.v It was with her full consent (or I would never have entered her family) also that, of her' children, Abut I be came, her husband's." and' their fathers second 7wifeir During" this two years we .never she unkind "words; exchanged was many years ray. senior, and perhaps looked on me something as she .would have done on a younger sister. I always bore in mind that she .had made a great sacrifice of. her personal feelings, through zealous devotion and conscientious noble principle, that she had risked all on the altar of her lhi.th, trusting in God and the honor of her husband and myself to do our part in this most solemn coven ant; The woman heartand nature, as well 53 the man heart and nature, are the result of generations of training and a . selfish looking out for self. Take the Bible from the earth and in a fe w cen t u ries, or 1 ess , w h a t wuiil d th e Ch ri tian world become? Women and men can be perfectly happy in this order of marriage if they are guided by principle, and not be frivolous fancy,.- - 0 r mercen ary; 0 r a m bi t i ou s mo' ' tives. Now, when the evening conies, and the husband i3 away? Well, if the husband is a real Latter-daSaint his wife or wiveswho do not t h'at " evening have his society, know just where hei, that he is not down town in a saloon, or" any where else practicing infidelity to his marriage vows, and trying to deceive them. They know that he stands more in awe of his Creator and the guardian angels that webelieve'are continually beside us keeping a faithful record of our words and deeds, than of all the earthly courts and laws the libertine fears. That the loss of the confidence of his brethren and family would be hi3 sorest penalty. This wife would gather her children around her in order, tranquility and -- happiness, and in quiet industry employ their time and instill into their minds that they are .the most blessed, most hopeful, and surest of present and eternal happiness, of all God's creatures upon the earth. She feels to give herself and her children to the service of J lis plan,-thstrengthening, enduring and up-- ; of His building Kingdom, bv their influence, labors, prayers and aspirations. These themes, and not the trivial carnal crosses, occupy their minds. Not repinings more knowledge is the prayer. Love of man is bondage. Love of God and His principles, with a just man, as God's representative, for companionship, both with the same mutual aim, righteousness here, the courts of God hereafter, fill their minds too well for them to stoop to or mourn for the, phantom joys of changeful weak humanity, bestowing or withdrawing. I fear I have not answered you after all. You rs truly , rzrz: zr Write again. : And once, unconscious who was near, mother-heart- tern of marriage, is because it is like a house built upon the sand, with no foundation of di- vineiprinciple authority,, or promise of hope r Augusta Joyce Crocheron. . g 