.So lUnCU these oppressed UV LUC ItCIO Qnes turned away, lllCil UCCMUUVlCrrrrt VI ultingly affirmed that no white'-'- fol- exist ing pain liKe pleasure uuvu we bound, that the wilderness would devoir them,... leaving not one alive to tell tne tale. Ana even now thev were not allowed to depart in o peace. Whether it were from motives of get some good service out of men already' ,.painl..i But even jlui tucu licw lcnuci, iJjiguuui Ji uuug, cheered and comforted them, nromisiny in the name of Israel's God that would they cheerfully comply with this call, and testify to the last their reverence for their couutry's flag, Lilt III eaiVij Ifii.i vi4 uiiw oiiuuiu ictuiii and a great blessing should follow. And he. reasoned with them, that with their force unimpaired, they would still be wholly dependent upon their God - for aid and protection, and He was just as able to defend the weak as the strong. He said, "The word of our God is with usthat we are to do His work. of the Latter Day Dispensation, therefore we know that we fcball pot perish, but- skall bUrou elit eafel y to a land of promise as was Israel ot old." " They had faith to believe these things, and , the five hundred men were quickly mustered and prepared, as -- well a3 their- - scanty means would permit, for the formidable march across the continent. How the hearts of these men -- - luucb utYV oitvuvu ff ivii 11,1 UC11 LUCj biiUo left all thatearth held dear tostruggle.without their aid, through y and jaws of. danger . !' searcn oi secuntvana mei And yet, oeaia in to tnis day, some mere De wno dare say that these men abandoned their aged parents, their tender yvives and their helpless children exposed, with scanty defense, to the fury of the elements, to hunger, thirst, fatigue and sickness, to natural death at the hands of savage foes, and death from the fugs of ravenous beasts for the paltry consideration of thirteen dollars a month and ihey bound for a place where t.h a lahar. of --1 hp? r h n n A - fan &- t h etr ?i 'Kl TTaXTT of existence, and money of no'more Wlllj value than the gravel of these arid hills. ..j... iiut did the camp ot Israel move with heavv feetamid """"tears' and lamentations over their hard fate? Not so. They who trust in God utterly, are always light of heart, for they know their friend is ever near. They made a cheerful noise to their God, praising hira i prayer and" song and with the music of instrumentsacknowledging that all their seeming misfortunes were blessings in disguise. Sister Eliza It. Snow, poet and ... priestess among the : exiles, thus describes a halt in tho Aflrlv njirf.'lif AllTfnrr innlnmin'"' WPftthpT fit. it IiIm'M U'!ir thai' UaA annniAL-- . room to stand and none to repose: "The brethren' built a roaring fire, around which some of them stood and sung songs and hymns all night, while1 others parched corn, roasted potatoes, etc. Not.-- , a complaint was heard all were cheerful, and. judging from appearances, strangers would have taken us to be pleasure excursionists instead of a band of the-ver- ' 1 . 1 1 - lll-fTff?- guuciuuiunai Could llJ tTAiies. ' anything else but God's own presence t g, trs-- . tr 1 'A mn chiKK"' I u t 1 e t Z i on . : . ; . broke the primeval soil and planted grain; signandjeaij Jussetting the face ation to forth upon purifica-UonrJvith-ourJam- of the land and NOTESAND NEWS. Queen Victoria sent President. Arthur a dispatch of congratulation on the discovery of the Greeley party. The English Woman's Review comes laden with intelligence of the active work of the noble ladies engaged in the struggle foFequal suffrage and a better condition for women generally. "The women of Siam have petitioned the king to take from their husbands the right to pledge them in the payment of gambling debts," This is a legal sacrifice to which women are ir.,ile in" that country by getting married. , , to"thr therbbundariesf-the-'-United-iState- s, ps and-ready-wh- subdue it. And the privations add hardships which they endured before and, after that day, and thJ trials which they met and overcame, are they not written in the book of chronicles? But the half ha3 never been tpld, nor can be until the great day when the books shall be opened and all men shall be judged from the records ' . thereby whether for good or for evil. Time passed on. Their brave Battalion boy s did r etu rn -- single man; and strange to relate, although our exiles had pitched their tents beyood the border of the UnitedjSjtates, and there established a form of government and a code of laws in imitation of those of their own beloved home, the fortunes of that very war, in aid of which the flower of their streugth had been called away in time of their direst a ft - not loyal! On the same day, before the sun set, they go t tf HiYl1iitJ r ( j oi ce in the God of her salva tion, whose outstretched arm i3 mightv to saveand let her sons and daughters reioice in the third and final diepensation, when the ureau ouepueru aas bet an nanu ior tne last time to gather His scattered sheep. Let us rer joice that we have been found worthy to be calleTl and set to labor in the whitening harvest. .Let us rejoice in our parents,-i-n our husbands and wives, and in the lovely children which spring up around us like the flowers in the field. lM us rejoice . in the high calling to -which they are called to . become saviors on Mount Zion to both the living and the dead. And finally, let us rejoice in Zion, which is i to become beautiful and glorious like a bride ' adorned for the coming of the bridegroom; and which is to become a beacon light and an. ark of refuge to all the nations of the. earths "And let us pray unceasingly to be found blameless ; -- and unspotted in the great day of her filled the cometh. Amen,. Bridegroom . almost imir They were sustained, possible undertaking accomplished. They arrived at the present site' of Salt Lake, Rose of Western Cities, on the 24th of July, 1847, and made haste to consecrate the spot with prayer unfurled .. and song, thanksgiving and joy. They - to the breeze the star of their banner spangled loved and lost land of the free and home of the brave; and took possession of the alien soil in the name of God and the United States. Yet to this day, there be gome who dare to say that these devoted patriots, were not, and are ; I'll if A ignorant and degraded, and willing their reh should be m also. and-the- - - : Jkhlpher must co whatever befell. for the flower of their "strength to fight for the country which.had alienated them. How .coumit uc umerwiae, wueu mey verti ameu iu give up their prop and stay, their right hand and eye, just when on the eve of entering an, unknown country, swarming with lurking savages and teeming with all manner of per- - v r... - Vv But for them, a3 for those who burned sighs7. dignant protest against this impudent demand ; lylbi' youth to read, study iHlilcarnAnd'yet.to this day,- there, be some who dareto that the 13 iisriutenrf--b a request would Deremsea ana tnus anora reasonable pretext for further acts of yiolence towards tire "lugitives, cannot now be known, but certain it is, the outcasts were followed by a requisition tor nve hundred picked men to go to. the war in Mexico. iis? 1L - these devoted pilgrims could not always forget their pain, for the song of praise wa sometimes changed to a funeral dirge, and then the weak part of human nature claimed econ-omy.t- 2 prin t and bu y yearly- thousands of dollars and support have ..converted so forlorn a veir kreHnteycHfeSSaiiciLbf a pleasure ex":' ursion? v. Howlileep the philosophy: of wear - . nechteduntil The presses of the Lawrence American are being run; by electricity. The power is conveyed to the office over a wire from a dynamo their new home had become part of that enlightened nation, a part of whose people had rejected them. And fhey rejoiced that since they might not return to their country, their , more than a quarter of a mile awayand the experiment is said to work perfectly. A daily paper printed by electricity is something of a wonder even in this age of the world. . country had come to them; and they considered that thus the promise of the Lord, made through Brigham Young, was abundantly re It would seem to lookers on that the French deemed. are getting their hand3 full with China and And now briefly review the achievements of Keeping ..Madagascar and foreign ..places this. vanguard o civilization iu tha short space 1 around make al world u armaments the may p vears. Alone, unaided and un- of thirty-seveFrance formidable as a foe to foreign nations, sustained by Hhe parent government, Utah's but how will it aflect the question of peace at band of orphan children have smoothed the . - home. Is it not risking too much strength to rugged aspeet of nature, clothed desolation conquer abroad and lessening power at home? with beauty, and transformed gaunt famine into rosy, smiling abundance. By doing this Mrs. Julia Ward Howe of Boston, delivered made the they highway posa lecturei before the Concord School of Phi8ible,and it is admitted, on all hands, that this losophy Saturday, July 26th, subject, "Emercommunication between the eastern and westson's Relation to Society." It is saidlo have ern shores advanced the occupation of all been the principal feature of the occasion, and, these broad Western Territories a hundred that "the audience was a brilliant one," as it -eat not the bread of idleness, but years. They was no doubt a ci itical one. This eminent, labor with the hands diligently! They have scholarly lady has" won much distinction in built pleasant homes and peopled them with literary and in social circles. sturdy, energetic sons and daughter, and The newspapers give a good account of the adopted, thousands of brothers- - and sisters who ' n - came from foreign lands. They have sent mes- - voting by women at the elections inWashing-tosengeri all over the world to proclaim the glad; Territory. There has been considerable ' laudable enthusiasm in the matter, which ha tidings of great joy, which they have tested and to sustain the human , know to be sufficient made it all the more interesting. For our own heart through the darkest hours of trial. Thev v. part we never have had any doubts but that have various useful industries, and women would conduct themselves with all due and not they have built Temples, churches and school-housepropriety on these public occasions, wonderNot; a hamlet in all Utah which does lose a particle of, their womanliness, a s endeavor not ful characteristic word in this day of woman tQ;$upp leetual "cultivation x of its children., advancement They ; . - n : . trans-continent- al - " s. . 