... W OM brcome free, self, eappsriiiig and iadvpendenl down as they citizeDfl, instead of Wring them have been in tLlr ow t)ountrif, where they" nocould not own an lech of ground, and knew and even thing, only toearn their dally pittance, to keep eoul and then thvy bad fcarceJy enough have Jive J and body together, and they might died in that'condition Bad they not heard the ha po wer't o e a v e 7 x,a t ter d ay Gospel, Vo know,' ''MtohQ. will coma under '. itiner;anS that 'inthjex)&98J to 'arrive at the "iS'll f true ttatidird of ex? cllencrr and wil ia th'ur V saviorVupcn Mount Zlon. Thousaads, who have gathered to these valley, will to day. testify that thty are realizing Ztbeie blcsting wisdom of: the wise shall perieh." And we are wimeeeicg proofs of it daily even In the Executive of this nation, who accepts the .fahe teuti- ' monies and - exaggerated tales, gotten . up by cur enemies for nothing, but a poiticil pur- pose, which la as plain to our "understanding aa ABC. Oar delectable Governorfcaya, t!A man must be on the ground to understand the question." 80 we should think; but what about the', Governor absenting himself from LiV post for months at a time, (though heaven knows we have no earthly u?e for hlni). "Enjoying the epoBandYmforts of a Naur York hotel, etc , etc., doing his best trying to work up a spirit of hostility a?a'nst the. Mormons." I think that none of the old Eettlers of Utah couli be found tayihg that" ''the erth yielc's forth frults by littVlaborfthe mosTfeTtnepoTe in the United States are founl la the hands of the Mormon Church,' etc., etc." If Ihe soft and kid gloved lianas cf his Excellency, and a few others of the tame cl'que, had teen hardened with honest toil 88 havethopeof the ''Moimon3" pioneer's, who, I y. their patient industry and leal, made habitable these same ''fertile epotp," they might be better able to Judge, if not more "willing to tell the truth concerning Utah and its founders, instead of making idiots of them" selves, and venting their spleen upon the io thinking gain more power aud popularity by bo doing; but they will go down as sure as there is a God in heaven, just as others have done, who have sought to, infringe upon our rights, and the disappointment of euch we know will be sufficient torment. .. turn, IxcJme - alsD ONENT. 117 -- I dantly happy in Lis home ties." May our Father in mercy cotton the grief of hia ybariWlfy of his father and toother, and help them to look beyond the grave to the immortal reunion m the celestial kingdom, is o -t- ention of ; " P "Dlher?, whese names we h9 7e DQt got, we wibj Jliroah the inHllum of the pris?, to oil the t- - bo -- AN'S EX . the Bishops and Presijc-i- ta of Relief Societies, and. ask tbem to aid us In ascertaining how many of such individuals in their reride spective wards, and if 'possible the amount esch ha3 df.natel, as we are unable in this office to determine these facts cn account of many dona-- ' tions being handed to ua In iI??Jhr Blncere prayer.. ..' con tr buting, and not individuals; more especially la this the cage among the wr js comprising the An oflering cf the kind in Temple Disfr e Motion is peculiarly impressive, from the fact that it is absolutely free from any &fldct&tionor. " " And a centnrxiitlthoyr,--r-- Hound his lifeless form aro weeping . Parents, wife, child, sisters, brothers :.- -; Veepye not; he's" Faithful hope love's anguish smothers. ' Bravely with the I'ody'fiillness , Waged his manly soul thelighf,' Till he conquered in thy eiilncss ' "Of that last and sombre night ' only-slcoping- , To Been rhlinlln-e- ti lectin! regions that exalted crown "Which bo fi,r exceed klcstial And terrestrial renown. Logan, Dec. 20th, T1IE WILOW'3 MITE THE WIDOW'S MITE ASSISTS TO BUILD. THE ' LOGAN TEMPLE Editor Exponent: r ... The subject of the Logan Temple Is ever a pleasing cne.to the Saints, especially is it so to those of this Temple 'District, who.have so generously given of their means and their labor towards Its erection, and aalt approaches completion the greatness of the undertaking appears more apparent, as also the magnitude of its cost. The total donation?, as reporjh3dt.ourJast ..Qaarterly ConferenceTlshowed the interest tak-b- y the Saints, and spoke loudly in their favor "arid of the devotion they possess in regard to the teatEatterdayor7ndaardent desire for the redemption of their dead. There Is, however, a Cass of donors whose donations are "included 4n the total referred, to which I wish to draw attention, who have aided : toewell the vast amount of "contribution : that of a number of widows, both inland, out of the district of cur acquaintance, who have .donated I2,108.3, which is truly the widow'a mit- e- . We hve undertaken to complete a list of this class of donors, and thinking there may be Com. Resolutions of Respect to tbo memory of Margaret Ann Cluff, who departed this life September 2)th, ISS'.V. Whereas, Our Heavenly Fat her has Been Gt in ilia e Providence to call from our miit out inriuod ter, Margaret Ann, wire of Harvey H. duff;.' Resolved, That we recognize in the de.ifh ot our Bis-tthe loss or an aWe, eflickmt and devoted saint and" with Mary John as counselors to Margaret T. fimootpresident of the Utah Stake Relief Society; also as president of the Relief Society of the Sandwich IsAl-wis- Card. 18S3. er IN.MKilOIUM. "Mor-mone,- - - Ere thishas fcjVrjicLogged spirit Entered throagh the sacred portal, Truo to promise to inhuit " Glories, blissand life immortal. Weep.yo not Lorenzo's waiting For ye all beyond the shore" "Where earth's ties are reunited . To be sundered nevermore. . 0--. ; Thongh the eje of mortal Mindr.cs Cannot jwer behind the veil, -- We've assurance that his kindness, Truth, and honor did not fail fin-irh- ed, C. 1 i plaudits and approbation, but proceeding from a pure desire to give to satisfy their confciences, Buperindenced hj a strong feeling cf duty o assist in such a laudable purpcEe, when taken in connection with the chcumstaricea that ordinarily surround a person bearing the appellation of a wi Jow, the act takes on the character of a sacrifice, and makes It doubly sanctified. The many donations of this class are well worthy the admiration of the paints, and should arouse a spirit of z?al in their hearts to assist all in their power to complete the Temple, that while the widow gives her. mite, sometimes all she hath, the Saints, cut cf their abundance may give amply and have abundanca left. Many visitors seem surprised at seeing the work so nearly and express themselves well paid for the interest they have taaen in its erection, and look forward with anxiety to its completion aad dedication, which is in the near future. Appreciating the generous acts .of all who have contributed towards the erection af the House of the Lord, I remain, yours respectfully, ,. n:cT fu l 1. Y, de i r .v t 1: r to the tamily. From the Oden Herald. From a couch of pain andojxow- ' r T"itasXnoXLTipirit risen, ' Soaring up to Joyful morrow, J .Where the worlds in Pplenclor glisten Konnd the throne of the Eternal " In Ilia majesty and pow'r, Where a cycle's Lut dhirnal fcten of men, for the purpate of obtaining their . . ; i- . Helen Mar Whitney. . Uuythee.Lffl,- , it k . - LOUKXZO M. It co-labor- er ' RIOHABDS. lands. always painfnl to record the death of an esteemed friend, but a duty and a privilege as well, to pay res-pect and offer sympathy to those tereavcd in the time of trial. Brother Richards' died in" Ogden City, at tho residence of his father, Apostle F. L, KichardsjoiuthjB morning of December 2 1st, ult., aged 2j years. He "was a young man of great promise and had been a very active and energetic business man, even thongh so young. He was honored and admired, we might w)th safety say, beloved by all wholmdifes pleasure of his acquaintance." "Til's" deaifii was the result of an accident which occurred while he was riding about six months before his demise;' nis suffering a greater part of the time yet he was ever patient and marvelously cheerful considering his physical pain. " From a. child he has- - always manifested a love for the Gospel, and had unwavering faith in its principles Ills integrity wa3 unquestioned, and his" love of humanity, unbounded. During the long and severe illness of Br. liichardshe was carefully and faithfully nursed and tended by his wife, his mother, and sister his father and "attention and. brothers also sharing day and night. There are many who mourn with the family of Bro. and Sister Richards, and deeply and truly sympathize with them in their sorrow, but it Is vain te offer conso-'latio- n to those bereaved until some tears have given re-- , iief, then the words of Scripture and divine truth are the sweetest that can be given to the human heart. Jesus died and rose again, even so those who sleep in Jesua Ehall'also live again with Ilim. The same body which , is buried will rise again, purified and glorified- - Paul payp, ''It isVowrTiix corruption,1t is raised in incorrupt tlon; it is sown in dishonor, it is raised in glory, etc." Saint does not fear death, it is . The true Latter-day- , of the ties of affection that is pain- the rending asunder "ful. "Bro. Lorenzo did not fear death, but he wished to live to fill his mission on the earth, and be was atrru- i3 s Resolved, That wo condole and deeply sympathizo. with the bereaved family and friends in the loss of a kind and affectionate wife, and estimable woman and. a faithful advocate of the Gospel, who has gone to join of usefulness.' sphere Resolved, That we cherish her memory and regard her virtues as ever worthy of emulation. Resolved, That thesa resolutions be spread upon the records of each Relief Society in Utah Stake, also that a copy be furnished the bereaved family, also the Woman's Exponent for publication. JherjJiUdren-Inra-nTOraextefide- " d J. Tan nek, ""T-'tMakv ." , - Alices. Newel, Ann S. Duodalk, S.tKAir Goodman, ' . Makia J. Booth, - ' Caroline; Daniels, Secretary. " the-watchi- OUR TRAVELS BEYOND THE MISSISSIPPI- r- : - ng" BY ' HELEN MAR Wn;TNTEY. I remember how nearly forlorn I felt some, of the time during those dismal, stormy days; being in Bp. Whitney's camp I was separated from my dear, mother by an almost impassable road 01 mud and was all ot a quarter of a mile away irom father s camp. So one morn ing I undertook the disagreeable and perilous journey on the back, of a little white Giunie, . x ii. n .t,;v. i?4.u t uv.,1 i little boys in Nauvoo, and, by the by, she had carried me over the Mississippi the last time that I crossed 'it to Sugar Creek, accompanied by Horace on his pony, . . - 