W 0 M AN S E XV O N 166' TEA VELS BEYOND THE MISSISSIPPI . (Continued.) continues, - "cold, : : :er t h e 1 o n ly . mother (Vilate Kimball) a present of some oranges, lemons and wine; he had come from the'; city, of Joseph, 2sTauvoo, in nine days. Helen has been quite sick, but is getting well. JLLbeingtilLcold and rainy onthe 24th we. were glad to make use ot a stove m the tent. Bro Jv. is wri tincr a letter to Xauvoo called tnia place iiener 3 reft. Thursday, 25th. Xews was received from the Society; Islands" of branches being built up, and that the queen and all the heirs to the crown had been baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of 'Latter-daSaint3. riio 26th. A council was held, and next day, Saturday, father and President Young went back three miles. While gone they visit- cd fourteen .camps of the Saints. The same day men were sent ten miles to build a bridge,, " C6;k'ouJd thus save fifteen miles journey; and on the 29th two men with six yoke of oxen were sent to meet and assist, then T "Sunday 28;' Peter continues, "mcetiflg held at pur largest tent ,thisjnorningT.a large num ber of J3ro. .Kimball's familv bein? present. and some others. lie preached to them, ex horting them to love one another, with a great aeai oi otner goou auvise. ine sapraraent was then administered and the meeting closed. Bro. Kimball then went , to public meeting, which wa3 opened by prayer by O. Hyde. B. Young then spoke at some length; spoke of the necessity : of guarding our sheep from the i ttuivcs. - : commenced 70thr old back to the camping ground on moving tne river; reter says the reason tor this was that theTwelve had received intelligence that four officers had come from Fort Leavensworth to tit. Pisgah, and were now on the way to re- . -- list'and go to Santa Fee to fight, against the ALcxicans, and then '.go to Ualiornia to get a location for the rest of the "Mormons" in remuneration for their service?, and says, "After a messenger came up to wuliadj started tell us that the said officers had arrived at the - y camp on the hill." "Wednesday, J uly 1st. This morningr the Presidency went to the Bluffs to see said officers. 'Council was held and the request to raise 500 volunteers from among us, taken into consideration. If they could UUU ICLAW LLltlli xne UUUiUU IHCY UlU JiUb VIQUL r resiliency BUY. agreed to do it on condition that the people were willing." tne aiternoon lat tier came Da ck, reter 'infivit Tnvs 'start! tn rrnssi tliA rirfr hut nn getting to the ferry we could not cross, so went back I of a mile and encamped on a small elevation of ground under the beautiful shade of Col. au old elm tree. Scott and Dr. Willard Richards are camped here with u." The mosquitoes being so troublesome near the river obliged us to move back, and as we were far from waterjhe nc- -' J .1..,. Uiysu uy. cuiumgij tiug a tu As it was nearly dii-when theyrcoiu;ludcd to move from the river, and being Tery we3ry, or two others, had accepted an inJ, with one Ai tor to nceom- ch ief-da- ti vitation from-th- epauy her home; anrLTYherr returning, finding the wagons gone and not Feeling strong, d me to return and stop the night, which invitation I accepted, though I spent a eome--vvhnervou3 and waktful-nigh- t, hut when morning canue I felt more at ease. 1 learned that her parents had separated, &3 her mother- . 1 -II k i r she-urge- at -- Epitoii ExronENT: Saints in this tallej are enjoying good health with few exceptions. Wo hare had a Terjl RgTeeablfl2 winter, and at present it is delightful weather, almost like summer, and I think it will not be long Morn we Wo had a good feast npon .Iho things pertaining to onr Apostle C. Young and II. J. Grant biTe rald us a Yisit and held several meetings, which were crowded to overflowing, our meeting bouse not being large enough to hold the anxlons crowds who came to bear . first meeting I attended ia .Almostfour this place, was held under i shed, there being only about a half a dozen email honscs here then. The yaari-agov-t- first-clas- disad-rantag- . true-hearte- their most trying hour. or "" ren-- . """ . I suppose you arc anxious to hear from onr societies. Our Young Ladles' Association favorably; we hold regular weekly meetings, and the girls are all interested and willing to learn all th?y can. We havo thirty-twmembers enrolled, most, all of them bright, gills, full of life, and bid fair to become useful handmaidens in the Kingdom of God. Tne Belief Kioty is also progressing.. There are many good, faithful sisters here, who arc willing to do their duties at all times, Ever wishing success to you, and all those who are laboring for the welfare of ZIon, I remain, as ever, your sister, Semax tux T. Boice. o rosy-fnee- the Saihtsinllris7 d - TIEfOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. , - Resolutions of Respect on the resignation of S ister Ca rol ine Brom ey March T 1 5 th, 1884. beloved President has Whereas, Our-museen fit to resign herpositionIas President of Y.L. M. LA. of Spririgville, we therefore ac, . cept her resignation, and, Be it resolved, Thaf recognizing the circumstances of events which have led our beloved President to sever the ties which have so long bound her and her sisters in their labors together, we do therefore accept her resignation, which is to take effect the loth of March ITEMS FRO.M OAKLEY. 1 Editou ExroxENT: V : ch . 188-1- . : ' - Resolved, That by purity of life and conver- sation, by kiuduesa of spirit and grace of conduct, by patience' and., fidelity in the discharge of the many duties of her ofTice, she has inspired nobler views- - of life, and -- has won the love anl confidence of her asters, who will her with their earnest prayers - to - her . fol-lo- w new home. v Resolved, That we present a copy of these resolutions to our President, and that a copy be sent to the Exponent for publication, and the same be spread upon our records. L Respectfully, - R. B. - Crafpjll. ? 1 d possible-t- h icena is changed now. Wo hav plenty of good, comfortable housce, although not very nice; a comfortable log meeting house, though it Is already too small, conference times. Vie havo most creditable school house, which, I beliere, (Jost about $1,400, nicely famished with patent deeks, blackboards, maps, s and a school teacher. New houses are constantly going up on every hand. It seems, sometimes, as though we have many s to contend - with, but yet the work goes on; emigration still comes in at the proper times., Bro. John Morgan is greatly . beloved by the people of this place, he having been the messenger to bring them tht glad tidings of salvation in their native lands. When I read tho papers and see the the great judgments that are being poured out upon the wicked, I - think that we as itpe6pleouldT)e veryThankf ul that --we are blessed with tho light of the Gospel, that wo are" here in a plac Of safety, even if we are obliged to pass through the hardships Incident to settling a new country, aud I Lwllevo tho majority of the Saints hero feel the same. There are but few who smoke or chew tobacco, or use hot drinks There have been but few, cases of glcknees during the winter, and diphtheria is not known. The water hero is of the very best quality; it Is so soft and clear It requires no Ire, and but little soap to wash with. One lady who came here'oavleTasBo de nghtedlthT,hFwincFthat: sho carried a canteen of it about 700 miles to show it to her husband and child- - . The- - camps to-da- , ITEMS FROM MAN ASS A COLORADO H??iiJi ple, y that those returning from trading in the Piatt of the costume work. Though dressed in her native she looked neat, and kept the house tidy, and could cook equal to the white women. This was quite a wood country, which abounded in blackberries and other wild fruit, and as they were getting ripe we went out in the tnorn-Jnn- d pjrkpd what wp, wnntrd-t- a' eat, after which she showed her taste and skill in braiding my hair Jn broad plats, after the latest French style, and put it up a la mode, and after dinner accompanied me to camp. While stopping; at this wun one.orLWiJ2i : my latner ypuug w tvvg. v.uz. take tea with the wife of the interpreter, who gave us a littlo of the history, not only of the chief and his daughter, but of the Indian tribes the Sioux and Pottawatomies, who were at war with . each other. And it was only the evening of the 6th that a Pottawatomie Indian : came to our camp on horse back, bringing a message, which he could only make known by figng. The import of it was that the Sioux Indians had killed a Pottawatomie, and he wanted our people to assist them in fighting the Sioux, and thus revenge their comrad's death. .. '.:,'r :' On the morning of the 3rd father and President B. Young started for Mt. Pisgah on the recruting business. - When the new3 first came to us of the war between the United States and Mexico we little dreamed of the requirement " that the government were about to make at our hands, and congratulated ourselves that being expslled from their midst we should travel undisturbed beyond the Rocky Mountains, where we should hear no more conten-- , tions, turmoils and strife, and ve had cause to look upon this demand with suspicion, especially after the threat which was thrown out in the letter received from Sam Brannan just previous to starting on our journey. But ourpeo- pie proved their loyalty by kissing the hand that had driven them into the wilderness, where it wa3 hopedrby the majority, we should utterly perish, and it was thought that by taking from us 500 of our young, able bodied meji in that Indian country that Jjwxuld cripple us so much' that it would insure our utter destruction; but there -- a few honorable men like Colonel Thomas L. Kane, who, like countrymen, rendered all the was now living with- - her and did most BY HELEN MAP. WITrTNEY. ' ENT ; - . - 1 thought, perhaps,a few line from this out of the way place might find space in your valuable paper, as I feel interested with my sistcri who are laboring in the s cause of Zion. WTe are located on Goose Creek, a tributary of Snake River, and have a thriving settlement. A great many Saits live here. The health of the good Latter-da- y people Is good. We have had some very cold weather this last winter, but very little snow in the valley. : We had a Belief Society organized here Sept. 2Ub,18S2,7 by Apostles Lyman and Smith, with the following named officers: Sarah A. Snedaker, President; Louisa llalght and Janctt Whittle, (Jounsclors; Prescilla Secretary; Breta Felt, Treasurer. . W'e are striving to do the Ijest wc can in our Isolated condition. By the proceeds of a picnic party, given by the Belief Society, and other donations, we have been able to send twen dollars to the Logan Tem. Wor-thingto- ty-fiv- e ple. . Last spring the bretbereu very kindly donated land, and'also planted it with grain. We have 200'busbels of wheat on hand, which Is but a little, bnt wo all have to creep before we can walk: We are trying to be alive to our duties as Latter-daSaints , 7 Ever praying for tha success of tho Kxtohent, I remain, your alster In the Goepel of peace, y " : hoxntk HU6HT. n, . 