. -- :vS5S Vol. NATURE. Down in tte mcadowewhero the cowslips eprin, And tbe fcw'cet clover breath U in the air. There where the tkruEh and blna bird awectlj eing, Damo Kfttnre in her robeirso wondrous fair. Holds her commuion with the regal night, And blushes, in the dawn of early light. ;t lYhat picture hath the artiat ever drawn , 2-- r , . - r I I cannot tell to w greatly I delight" - In all the beauties of tbe earth and heaven; How ardently I reverence the light "Which oar good Father has so. wisely given; Fhlnc The sun and moon, and all tbe stars that Wth the effulgence of a power divine. most sublime, Jbeed speak to us in language ; soul; human the to Arid most exalting " of time, And all the changes of the hand ccasons their and roil, ordef . Which in their or Hod of Jove, Bespeak the presence And grandly all tho forces seem to move. Harmonious In its sphere each sweeps along la measured time and method, year Ly year, Aud nature's voices in triumphant soup, Rioe out their echoes sweet, distinct and clear, That liiwer 'mong tho "everlastlug duis, Or dance to rhythm ii the sparkling rills. Music ia which the heavens wight rejoice . So gifted and so rapturous the lay, For nature with universal voice 'Unites to celebrate each new bom day; And thus fromrnorn to eve, and evo to morn, All beauty and allgracc tho earth adorn. ' go we admire, adore, andass along, Yet linger most where sweetest fiow're are strewn, And while we mingle in the busy throng often feel "'twere good to be atone'' To mcaiiave in nawire. o uhuihu aAw In silence and humility of heart. O how we ream to understand still more ... Tin? mysteries that natnro hath couceal'd; The knowledge of her scbnce--hiQja- iq Which ;nhldlaoneof us has been reveard, : -- trate, Jightaand "the life ot the. world; 'had been slain. The spirit had flown beyond, while the casket lay ia its rocky sepulchre; for-th- e : therefore how':great,; indeed, was. the darkness, while the habitations of the wicked were made to sufl'. r the vengtance of a just God by tlie . , Behold Him' crowned with, Our Savior! thorns, heaped with insults and reproaches, reviled and subjected to cruel taunts and jeers, persecuted, and at last pursuing of sacrifice. way towards, the bloody mount Th'ree hours of agony! with the cruel riails driven thrbngh the .stainless hands, that had . piercing the quiver-.never wrought feet-th- at had never troding flesh of the holy den forbidden paths, with lips of anguish that had never uttered words of guile, a heart with evil intents, thrpbbipg beneath the cruel pain, a mind unspotted with wicked all the. designs, and a life pure in the sight pf cruand heaven, ""myriad hosts of earth jet cified, wounded and Reding, He wasut to death in open sharpy lj. sacrifice f;ir the o ?, h mortal feettriumphant over all, holding-th- e shattered chains of death anrt tne oroKen ictt ters of hell within His grrtsp. Captivity hath niive:" the risoii doors have been Kon lAn unbarred, ami the glad light of the resurrection. hath shon e. .within; the shackles of the nn lit Trra Vinvn lippn unloosed, and the way will vpoinlcd out which if followed oljedieiitly Hie lead them forward to the heights beyond. it has held eo grave gives up the treasured (lust bone and ong, but can keep lio longer, flesh, tho tlrigv sinevy unite"again, and' quickemhl by its in! body of inal spirit that formerly dwelt taberclay, becomes Vbeautil'ul and glorious nacle of light, beyond the grasp- of sin and ' '. , , pain. ;i7 ' Oh, grave! thy victory is wrested Jrom thee; Thou may'st claim thy power forever broken. not the trail and .weary clay, -keerrthe inimortal3lement beyond thy time, for the freedom that hath swept thy fetters bought and sealed with the.purest . blood that ever flowed on earth. ed - ' ' ' : . ' ' ; . burthoust "For every thorn that pierced His brow now; , Unoumbered gems are glittering Below all dephts descended fie To rise In grand sublimity Above all heights eternally, And eet.tho ransomed prisoners free." . ed " the I have proved how trur, un-sulli- and devouring tfre, and there was mourning, lamentation and desolation throughout the land. Three days of darkness and the shades fleo more reclaimed his powAway. The sun once while er, and shone upon a world redeemed, and : life He, who had power to lay dom.His im- eanh-wit- VaVo'if. ii n'.icrrLin. stood UDon AND SUFFERING OF CHRIST. evil-deed- . Ji 3 No. 1. Him who laid down His life for yon and for me, and who hath said, "I ata the way, the truth and the life, come follow, me, for blessed and holy are oil flmv whr rtflvp rarf. in the first resurrection, hath no power. for on them the second death fi t-mVan wo :H it- Vi t vv nn n nil laow glorious wiu it . ! r - say, r ' "Unguarded stands the tree of life, Securely bound tbe king of strife; Immortal "world, immortal sky, Eternal lifeno more to die." . ' - - - M. A. S. ' .From the Young.' Ladies' Treasury oj a manuscript paper issued monthly ' Thought, AVard of by the Y. L. M. I. A cf the 4th ;r Ogden. ,; ; V-I- ; . :IRAOIFEOrTJLl La IE, Oahu, Sandwich Islands, April 17th,, 1884. Kimball, Secretary of the generJlrs. S. : al organization of Relief, Society: Dear Sister, I improve the first opportunity after our conference to send yon a condensed of Relief Society on tho report of the branches ' Sandwich Islands. ; (Report will accompauy the letter,) ' ' ' - l. ' ; x Our societies, are 'scattered, and inome localities liar e but few meinerB. . purr. sisters here compare favorably with these at home for ; punctuality in attending meetings, and if I they may judge others by those on this island, the for and in faithful providing 1 are donating r-- " th thei JiberaLwi r'sicfc and idest i tu tiheylare " V meaiisbut not tender nurses. adhere it a as rongly The Islanders, people, is no uncom- to old traditions and sorceries, it mon thing to find them trying t ) pray each other to death. Their doctors use old ?pells and charms as restoratives for the sick. Among the natives . we find but comparatively few an deep thinkers who are capable of exercising intelligent and abiding faith in the principles of, the GospeL ..Though riot thorough students there is among them a perceptible improve-I- d snmfi of OUT "Elders who labored A.r;i.fnllt7 l.prp varis ao-- haveTattendetLour TececoTiference it would have .made their hearts glad tojook u pon.miweU- - resscd ami saw seated respectable looking an assembly as I ia our pleasant new meeting house. The sing-int- r Laie gallery was.occupie(tby4he Tbe singing wasredjbje: - olulu choir?, There: arebut fcAV Imal-tod in the native lan L'uajre, tlie Riblo is tne principal oin-- mis most by heart, tncy pioie ocnpiuic : . . they can talk. I have introduced sewing into tho ' society. inSister Young and I meet with, them and struct them in economizing material, etc.; wo fiu'd it embaraing not to be able to speak tlio please when - Jangnage welk The sixers-ar- e - they are doing as they think the sisters in Zion : do. We are trying to help them all wc can, : There are at present two Chiefess viaitmg ' womLaie; they are cousins, tall, fine looking ' 200 pounds. en, each of them weighing over has been a member of x One, Jvapukini by 'name, -ChtircK a number' of Ycarsj 1'' j rodent of ' wbman ;c is thVRelief Society on Mauu of as much intelligence as any am'-n-g the naother tives, and talks of going . to Utah. The : - .' : jKiwer'-f-the-terajKtrwhir- lwm came to do. wc Our trust Ins been iu what ' ' ; Em n r. ilis-toilorn- M 1p. n? rpmember - ' it bb till we . ite and unbounded mercy- and charity of His soul, as He looked do n from the height of ; the rude cross that! held His bleeding limbs and body, His lips could utter, "Father forgiye The them, for they know not what they do!" dyiDg'words were f)x)ken: '.'It is finished!" and But as the wild fury of the pure spirit fled. the wrath of heaven burst forth over the land, all nature was convulsed- - in the throes of her agony; the earth trembled beneath the power of God, and the rocks were rent asunder and Scattered in broken fragments upon the face of the land; while the lurid shafts of lightning ' that marked the broad expanse of heaven with trails of fi re, told with all the magnificent of their flaming tongues that nature's . God was. slain, and the crashing thunders that shook the earth to its foundations, spoke with all the roajestic'power of their terrific voices of the guileless Nazarene, while the sun hid his beshining glory from the eyes of .mankind hind the sombre shades of heaven's pall, and: the moon and stars veiled their lustrous faces beneath the sable curtains of tho blackest night of gloom that ever wrapped its shades over tho face of earth since the morn of creation. A darkness too groat for earthly light to pene- . J jitions.; oY-:at- l; lo-quen- ce , II 4 1, 1884.. j In grove, and field, and vale, in foreet glade, On snowy heights, where man may scarcely tread, blado On flow'r, or shrub, and ev'ry grassy ' Thatifts from earth its liny, modest bead, In coral reef, or sea beach ebining pand, " ... We see the seal of an Almighty hand. -- JUNB - , That could compare in lovelinffis and grace With nature in her rudest, wildest form, No matter In what climate, time, or place, " go fklllfuly Is ev'ry figure wrought. So delicate with feeling is it fraught. SiOK r M sin of. the bettighted; and fallen .world, whose inhabitants ecu I'd" never hope to . regain the -presen ce of thei r C Father an d God wi thou t a Savior's atoning blood. And yet' in the infin- ; r YY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Eroril3"OF ' 7 J - of Zion, and the Rights of tiia 'Women IB. .'V:x Nor vull H ''-- ' -- ' ; , -- -- i .. w j ii, .. . -- ie; . V 