W O M AN 8 E X PO 9 HELEN AND VIRGINIA. Continued. ' 1 : - "Our mission HThj work through, i;- "OUgnorance) andsajrbejo 3abTl8irsdour lives that none - - "This night's betrothal may we keep Through life, death and eternity, . In love and fear and reverence. ''v- Bless Thou, Thy dau ghter Helen; here,'-Acceher offering unto Thee, And may the Comforter be near " " Within the heart, the world without Thought's grandest aspirations rise And gird the human, all about. "Helen, I have been lonely; where yu been fetraying this fair night And I not with you? Are you sad"' For gentle as one half adream She came in silence In his sight, So pale, and yet so calm she seemed. "Helen," the fear leaped to his lips i lirr nare it aggrievea you, ao you Jtnow-WhaI have striven against, and hid, And yet la truth? O Helen, ppcak! Waiting, I've wavered to and fro, For love of vou has made me weak." t hrtTA If I 'gainst His commandments stood? "And did you dream I did not see The first faint thought that lit your eyes? O love thats truehas quickest.Ightl- "And the heart hears in ev'ry tone That other thought; O love is wise And brave and swift, and gen'rous too. "But dearer far than this same lore, Love of the Gospel Its reward. And I would rather lose e'en yours Than see you yield a truth for mine; Be loyal first unto thy Lord And trust this woman heart "of mine. r "E'en now thine angel waits to bear the tidings of this hour fulfilled; The angellhat bears up our prayers Mormon women, of course I do not know . you. person ally, nor do I know but that you are a "poor, deluded set of women, who are n and unhappy and would be to thankful have your chains broken," but I cauuui, uut, ueueye. you are as nappy as xne generairun ot women. 1 hat you are intelligent your letters "'prove. Mrs. Newman ac- knowledged she got much of her information from Ann Eliza, did she? Ann Eliza! The woman who hated polygamy so, and dreaded it continually, and then, as soon as divorced from her first husband, who had no wife but herself, she married a man who had a dozen and more; then, after escaping from something so terrible, she had to get a gentleman in the East to write her lecture for her. The only particular outrage I can remember that Ann Eliza mentioned m her lectures (I liw twice), t Brigham, when ho house a lor prepared her, placed the stairway in the parlor instead of complying with her reroom or kitchen. quest to have it in the g That ivas awful! No man outside ot Mormon-iswould do such a thing. Aside--a- s they say in the drama The majority of men,outsido of Mprmonism,.do not place stairways at all, for they do not build houses for their wives The Tennessee massacre was sad and deplorable. Oh, I do not" see why so many sad events must mar the enjoyment of life. The few short years of life should be spent in joy. The Maker of the universe has fitted up such a beautiful home for man full of beauty, with the bright skies overhead, the flowers and trees in such endless varieties; the music of birds and the fruits,to delight ear and taste; wonders on every side to charm and amuse. Whyan down-trodde- 'BIeMrThoix That those who with him seek Thy love May never lose their trust in him; : May we Thy faithful children be, And earn below to at place above Where we, O Lord, Thy face shall see." -- Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells: Dear friend: This a quiet Sunday just cool .enough to bs pleasant, though the sun shine -- brightly. I am going to pretend that I have run over to see you and to chat a while with ' you all. First, I wish to tell Mrs. Elizabeth Little how much her "Day-dream- " I pleased me. - should think you Mormon women would write such stories often. Our papers are full of domestic tales of "Love in aUoage," "Love in the Palace," "Love in the Attic.Tlie highest, best forms are pictured out and a sort of romantic glamor is thrown over all, that entices the young and beguiles the older readers. I believe there are enough of pleasant, truly happy domestic scenes among your family surroundings, which, if written up, would do much good ' for your peeple. So Mrs. Newman denies a part of the Cincinnati paper's report of her speech there! She ' need not; deny it; for the report was correct. Some lady reporter must have been present, as no gentlemen were admitted; I presume she thought by excluding gentlemen she would give out the impression that gome awful doings of the Mormons would be told.. Too awfully awful to tell in thepresence ofIgentlemen. I did not see that she told anything so dreadful, however. To be sure she said, "there are no homes in Utab.onlv kennels of reproduction' which, doubtless, six out of ten of the'ladies present, could have affirmed is the case generally in this part of the country. "Home, sweet home. There is no place so dear to me as home."" Mark Twain said in reply, "Yes, that's the way it strikes me; mine got so dear I could not pay, so I broke up and went to board- -' mg." Before we close our eyes In sleep, Awaits thy words no longer still Within tby heart Its burden keep. "Go, speak to her, and let us kneel Not three divided, but as one." would be. vaa-tha- sit-io- m , . 1 " To me thoughts righteous, pure and good? Would God not move me in His wrath " , : t Lu n i teiA mnftacmaTi d T)riii5eTfi si no-:- Praisft God from whom all blessings flow." But it seems as though such a condition cannot be brought about; and, as Pope says, "To reason right is to; submit." He says also, I believe, nn 1 " "Passions are the elements of life." T a m f o VInrr irr mnnlr rf ttaii v Tlnf U l rorrona Mill bibilli 2 J jJJ XJJ Vii will for the ! so, time, present, say good:bye. With best wishes, JA. LA V V& A : " . . Ohio, August 24th, 1884. Emily Scott - Miss Flora Underwood is thenewly appdint ed teller of the Granite National i Quincy, Mass. ... Home children, a mother, love, pleasant evenings around the fireside, a resting place for theweary wanderer in after years, when childhood has passed and the cares of life have wear- Jed the heart. That is what makes a homeland I believe there are a3 many among your people as there are here. Homes where wrote" these beautiful loved - and honHer domestic surroundings were very unpleasant, and we sympathise with her that her life was saddened,-b-ut one might say that had she been a Mormon and given - another not have liEifa Jierhusbandyher-children-nee- d seemed so fatherless," nor would her life have been more lonely, and her husband could have beeniiappy. According to the biography .writ- ten by L. M. Sigourney, Captain Hemans had no great faults, only that "he grew jealous of her writings." I suppose she cared moro for her literature than she did for her husband, and neglected him for , it. without eivinc him any substitute for her love and companionship. He had a right to be jealous, any man ' " firrt vnn mt mrr thin ClcA Have I e'er checked your upward path "And ored. A GENTILE LADY'S LETTER. Then, rising, Helen stooped to kiss Virginia's drooping, weeping face, Tears of sweet joy and gratitude. "Good night, and banish all thy tears; God keep us even by Ills grace Through blessed days and months and years. A pt who - lines, an d so many others, is "Her side In ev'ry trying hour. f Bless Thou Virginia, may her feet Ne'er falter In the chosen path; Fill her young years with wisdom's light That righteous works may make complete Hflr joy and mission In Thy sight. Union of soul, more sacred sweet And firmer e'en than kindred ties, For, faith and sacrifice combined . . May blame Thy cause because of us; But truthful ones may search and find That here thy will not man's Is done r To benefit all humankind. 'V- - - . Have Mw. Hemans, - to-nig- "For that pure love which we profess Toward all creatures, e'en divides Our own heart's treasures; we, too ,Tlay Our Isaac on faith's altar raised; His power and love our strength provides; He gives, He takes His name be praised!" , Fair, peaceful as the moonlit night The wondrous charm that thrilled them through; 1'ure, vast as heaven's dark blue depth The faith sunnonn tin g bonds of earth. And in that hour these spirits knew A fre'er height, a holier birth. - "Each unforgotten word, When far those loved ones roam, Calls back the heart which once It stirred, To childhood's happy home," Uhf-- "And may these hands linked thus E'er faithful prove in every deed. ' : Be Thou our guide lest we should fall: We thank Thee, for that holy light Whereby our sight pierced through the veil y She turned and sought Virginia's Eide Musing la troubled thought apart . jpthJJtha porcVa "Virginia, should there come to yon The love, and proffer of a heart That you should know is pure and true, "Accept it without fear or thought Of hesitance for any. cause."" Tou have had testimony of '. The wide world's hollow faith and sin, And you have learned God's higher laws- Fear not to choose and live therelnT" 67 He sought, and brought Virginia, then, As they bowed down in evening prayer, He said: "O God, Thy will be done! - And help us each aright to bear An hour later Helen strayed :TT Adown her garden path alone.: nrmpt i. he 1 onely scene,: And heaven's peace fell awei-tlround; JJnuttered prayer reached God's far throne, And calm and holy strength were found. 't NEN T o Charlotte Smith is President of the Woman's National Industrial League. She is employed to gather statistics of female employments for the Government Labor Bureau. She finds that g there are 125,000 women in New York city; of these 32,500 are now out of employment. 30,000 are destiute. Twenty thousand irls drop from the working ranks into evil lives every year, mostly from the bread-winniD- - Bank, -- . class of shop-girl- s and saleswomen. . 