1IU righrto avail ourselves have the UospeL WOMAN'S 1L la th a Sdther of these prlv- -- blesslngj. fesUtijn of lila poorer. Siray copies of your. intere3iirg,sper earuj - .; times. ifiairy''. (xaH all the member 'of thk tunill branch of tho. Church. 'We an? few inn amber, but are doing the best we can; and though We have a bitter spirit of opposition to contend with, are tnj g a rich portion of the Spirit of God, and are looking forward to the time. when the Lord wiii gather us to the valldy, - t h a srffs m? y ass e orb's "with Ilii" people and ; learu "more fully cf His ' 1)7 . . y-In- "'"r":;'.' waje. for Ever praying the welfare of Z on, I remain your eliter In the Go? pel, Many Ann Simpson. a . WJtnefsed b : - . E. I : ; , j :: ' Nov. 8, 1831. A & T. FiMPSo.y," "; ktjiuk Fortik, Louisa Poim:it. ' ; ! s - . Mary John, . - Rhoda Lyman. C Daniels, . a "I ; To the memory of Margaret T. Smoot,(wife of President A. 0. 8 moot) Staka President of Jthe Relief Society of Ut&hlCbu n t v.-- w hn ri pnai-t" this life September 1st. 18SL Whereas, Our Heavenly Father in Ilia divine Providence has called away our beloved Prtsl-den- t Margaret T. 8 moot, after a long life of spent In His Kingdom' here upon the to earth, join those behind the veil; Resolved, That "while we fed to bow to Ilia moat Vxoy ttVW, we aV out on,Tr from our associations, and her wise, motherly counsels from cur circles. Resolved, That we, as members of the II Jief Society of Utah Stake, will hold her memory acred, and Btiive in our lives to folJjw her teachings, and remember her wise counsels,- inasmuch as she was ever a comforter to those in distress and a ministering anel at the badaijo of thealcfc, ever striving to allay auflsrlug and eorrow wherever she found it. Resolved, That we, the Relief Society of Utah County, da tender our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved husband and fa Daily in the loss of a kind and affectionate wife an J mothi r. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be placed upon the records of each scc!ey in the county, and a copy sent to the Territorial En- quher and Woman's Exponent for publica- - , ; fi,': o l Secretary. ; ugh, see,-altho- There are seven- - of them in the room and evi-- , " dently there is something unusual'goiug on, 6 i about to take place, by the. expression of ' their countenances. It is a low, wide room with a great open fi: e- place, and the wood piled high on the brass andirons, that are nolished as bright as .co Jhair5olJisien otheiTmTnm o ve? - with iii a year, a French Count who ha, " neither monev or brainsi and- - who had iinf le4J4Mractical idea of life, and of course' iii.kIp lier rays perfectly wretched; I wilj let. your imagination conjure up the untold story of hg re)entance for the foolish Vow she had made, r ;Three of the girls, Saral Anna and Grace ' ' fiteml the r list :of. teachers; and 7 though one ' " might fancy they :. might have learned wisdom through such an experience, still two married, when an opportuujtyjJfere.drruch as each one had they thought :acoept:ible--an- d a full one, too.. . her own who was . Ophelia, totally' unlike the other resne-tin almost every girls prouder and more ' retieen t," was falready .1 u - love : wi t i ayo u n were united. physician, and in due time-the' But she won him through strategy from the girl he. loved, and she found, when it was too late, that her cup of misery was full to over--- . flowing, and ere she had completed the seventh year of her wedded life she wa3 an inmate of an insane .asylum. -Thii3"doer retribution ever follow those who, by duplicity and cunning, seek to destroy another's happiness to secure their own. Of all the seven girls who that night conversed together so full of life and happiness, - . IiE30LUriONS OF RESPECT r -- ! . " tion. r-- 2 take.oa' shapes.olthiugs, mlieen, and yot to the mind tangible. Wo ieel asi i know that the heart bed still, that ve are 'sensible to feeling . therefore th'w must jo only a dreainy phantasy, : a re verie, bit we can sec things, t ha t a re no t , ';'- yet things that were. 0; if the pen could only paint in telling words the scenes tluitipaj-sjtIII1 be - mosc interesli ugj y jiiclr times, i one can never unfoj'tunatel v tJieenre des'cribe accurately, or make another realize; but for once JJvilljell .y ou whatl raay of what- " perchance, you've seen., the same yourself. a hundred times; but then, you know, one'3 experience testifies to another's. ,' I see a group of girls, not all ko very but all pretty, with bright eyes and pearly teeth, red Jipa and thoughtful faces; gome have dark eyes and dark hair, others blue and light hair; some are tali and others t eyes smairih7stature, but nearly of the same age. L use-falnee- mv" hand--some- . ' f jijiajjnjgiii y. the My hear: h Clied with j y and with gratitude to GU for tir.a iuUht""ei j J-- &1 '.t itr XrOKKNT, vlf. or if the mornin wiil':tialiiae going abut-m- y accustome'dll u ties. u -' K -- of-the- - . lite-histor- : -- y - . there is anything that is really comforting when I want to collect my thoughts, and far into the future, or call up a vision ofpeer the oil- ir V.y lO YQO if tir an, io iu tuc uu9& ui evening, or when iwjv, the rest of " - 1 the householuMmvejetirU-alonv room in fprtTnf a grate full of live, red coals sitand dream, wide awake, 0 such, delightful dreams! though tinged with sadnessr" Imagination, however, must be vivid, and the mood must be decidedly reflective The mind can wander away then iane3, where one hears merry eyumto green oices. ana sees trnnnq nt hnxra anr their laughter rings out so clearly that it makes me start, and although I sit here bv the fire in bleak December, I feel the warmth "of the sunlight and see the blue sky overhead, and I aee many, many curbus and familiar places and people; m fact I dream so long that I wonder e - . i girls became members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints. One of these died of hardship and privation, brought about by the cruel persecutions and drivings of wicked mol)3,'but she died with a glorious hope and assurance of an immortal crown and title in 'the world to come. J. One of that number still lives in far off New England, a rich but lonely and disappointed old maid. Some day I'll tell you the rest of the story, for it is late now anjl the fire has gone so low that niy reverie isended, and I, too, must retire, for on the morrow there is work to do, and I am sure this is enough for one chapter of the.5 story of seven. STi a x n one ot the smaller and younger girls,' is saying: "I wonder where we'll be next year at thi time? Now that we are going away for vacation and the holidays we might fall in love!'' "And I wonder," said' Hannah,, an .older and wiser looking one,with liquid black eyes that seemed y ' ; to read the thoughts of all the others, "whether (And now," sail any of us will be married Sa.ra.li, wlia apota like an oracle, "while WO are all here together, let us make a vow, and let us be sure and keep it!." "What shall it be?" "from all the girls at once. 'That none of us. will marry a man .who has not a, professional title." And thereupon all the seven consented. This may seem very silly to those who read it, but if. they- could see those charming girls as L ' see them, they would readily comprehend that singular vow as significant of the "future of these school-girls- , for such they are, just about to separate and each go her own way, treading" new. paths, always sunny while and beat youth hope high and fortune smiles' The girls linger over the lire and talk of home, the journey they must "begin the of iu this or that direction, until siiccess hopes the clock strikes the hour of midnight, and then reluctantly they retire, with an almost sad "crood night" to each other, for thev k now that. on the morrow they, must say a fond good Aunt Em. A WELL DRESSED WOMAN. and-pleasan- t . Dye, To tell the storv of each of the.vonnc girls as we know it, and a3 we see it in mental vision, would be to write rs; for each would need it3 own, for their lives lay far aparfand indeed, after that night, only twoof the seven ever saw each other againr But perhaps you would like'to know if they married, and whether they kept sacred the foolish vowl they made, and-- if they loved 'and wenThappy? I'll tell you cone or two things and leave the remainder of my story for a sequel. They all, save one, lived long enough to repent the idla. promise made to cach other, and to realize that true, genuine worth does not consist in a professional title. Of course they silently reserved to themselvei the privilege of bvingthe man, a3 well as admiring a title. Perhaps I might as well tell yon, lest your curiosity should cause you mental anxiety, something about the fate of these enthusiastic school-girlElizabeth, a tall, queenly looking girl,whose acomplishments were superior to most of the ethers, and who lived in a large city, married, She was not beautiful, nor even pretty; and so, madam, you may let down your nostrils and uncurl the corners of your mouth. She had not even a fine figure, invhich very important respect she was onlv'fair to raiddlmg," a3 they say in tradeT$ut as she approached us we were conscience of a subtle "sense of pleasure. Asliecame nearer and nearer this increased, and when it became all too certain that it was not her beauty which awoke this delightful sensation there was a moment of thoughtful hesitation in the mind, and then it became clear enough that it was the woman's dress that wa3 so beautiful, and that it was the extreme-raritof this particular kind of beaaty which made the sensation we have mentioned. Of course we must tell what thi3 dress was. Nothing easier. It was a simple loose gown high up m the shoulders, girdled closely but not tightly at the waist, and falling in light easy folds, not to the ground, but nearly to the. ground behind nd not quite so low before, so that as the woman walked not even the hem or her garments swept the sidewalk. .. There was not a flounce, or a ruflle, or a plait, or a patch of trimming of any kind upon the dress, the skirt of which was simple enough to afford per-- ' feet ease of motion and to be graceful, but was not full, was not tied back, did not hang over a bustle, and there was no overskirt. The ma- terial was muslin, or some cotton stuffy and oh, madam! read, mark, and inwardly digest- -it was not starched. It did not stan4 stiff, or break up into patches, or make a rustling or crackling as she walked. It was soft in texture, y -- - , w aneIjicrjiWJiv6rth- -- , whose future seemed so full of bright promof success in whatever undertaking they evrr Jightyentureupoiironly-tivort- h ises seven-chapte- If . . to-nig- A REVERIE. , ; s. , " : 