V OUH TRAVELS UDYONI) TIUC IJY HELKX 11 Ml-- WHITNEY. ciL-- Wi 1 i a partoi ; trJyaiHl Httnr, iic-say- Of npencer. '!& vi 1 - 1 k ; yrl(m9&i viiaving layior aim 11 : gone juieag; - 1 to-da- !rciniih .sixteen : r they-Tiniiumbe- lor i hose travei- - r t. Tr xiosea uusnin4rr' Bro. Francis Whitney and little Heber, thu3, by this means, more equalizing the number for the other tents rained TittlezlTlr fnglhe nigh t " news came from Brigham that he was live miles ahead oil' one of the forks of Grand Kiver, and that ..the calculation .was to commence splitting rails, etc., in order to inclose yomo farms, also to lay out a town plat etc." Sunday, 2Gth. This morning, notwithstanding fcr beautiful location, we were forced to go ahead, in conseqfnence of there being no good Before startr;nge for cur cattle to feed. T iJro Scott telling-cireunmance' ing heard that , happenedNabout: jfifteen milcsjrom here iir the Welder Settfement this man, Welder, g notorious for hisnobocralie principle. A portion of the artillery, had gone there, and' taken jobs of work theyhad earned about; ' .820 when they were" visited by a committee, professing t? be ji, deputation) f the people, who told them" they must leave immediately.. The man who owed, them 26 seemed disposed to pay them, but oh manifesting a disposition to do so he. was told his bors that ho neigh by W)m "r7'.; uu did2 aim leave;. utcorihbgiv I '!? paid them nothing traveled five miles anoTxj overtook the remainder of Zion's camp. At misplace the. fitting out ot those w ho intend b01ng over the mountains will takpplace. rok S. Rcundv 'came from Nauvoo thatdav. bringing the mail. Bishop Whitney received leUer from'Thos. Burdiek, dated April j?2ndf "at iauvoo. eta tin that he"'had-usreceived a f I letter from Heubea Mcliridein lvirtlamlTirn 1 1 . uy uur&eivcs; mniui A ft . I 1 . " " t- - L 4. W V 7 y V K W V V A II. or-Unu- rco: -this , . ''."; : : in-uig- y . to-nig- ht, , - bc--ih- " ' . - A - , To-da- J A 1 " 1 - ; -- jiiuiti, heay , J. e uig on foot, though I believe, as yet, no person has been bitten. The other day .one of Pro Kimball's horses being bitten he lahydsjjands-Uhe-paftfiected- ra sick n.nss ..(casioaueTl by the poison, in the name of the ' Lord, which prayer was almost immediately answered. Bro. Kimball says it is just as proper to lay hands on a horse or an, ox and administer to them in the name of the Lord, and- of as much utility, as it i3 to a humun beingf both being creatures of His creation, both, consequently, having a claim to His attention. 25th.- "Saturday, Traveled about seven miles and encamped on quite a large creek, the name unknowncalled it .Mt. Pleasant; This day, by the advise of Bro. Kimball, Helen and myself commenced "keeping house," or tent ; " ,. ' J to-da- y rptefftyrtcnirpe "3Ionday; 27th" continues Iloraceon'iyak-- ; ,.ing this morning found it 'raiuing, whichVcou-.- . tiniitd th r o i: g ! t rnlTTiigFt , a cold drizzly jaiu consequently the' brethren could not do much at splitting-railetc. Thfre are a bund red; meii assigned to this business, ten layL inrr up" rails. fortv-eifrh- t' to build im v "Iionsps: '" Iwel ye house; ten herding cjitt!tAtelv of a , hut etWearerm across" the 1 which the boys built the other lig&-day, where John river lor us to pass on our journey west; ten or and Jacob Frazicr Forsgrecn ttiy. nights-Ther- e twelve stocking ploughs and making'drags, is a wolf's den about a quarter of a mile five or six blacksmith shops, the remainder to .iium ntic, n liita it hi. juuuu uic utuci vny attend to the business of farming, etc-"- ; the boys chased a wolf into it and put fire at J Un 1 1. ,v..l .1 n l It seems that for two days there was not twv? AnMnnn uul uuuiu liixi auaie luu wim out,, cuuii;e, much done on account of the rains, which conand on repairing there the next dayijcjereilL. tinued incessantly day and night till v Jiietve4ihv-hirohrni- e it of carefullv laid; asi(ie. lieside Helen and myselt there are sir hea4taiTmnjIeasant."By tne last mail latner liau received a letter from of us.ft- John Jacob. Jennnpttfv Rmitlior V Siafpr M v Hi u t j Bro. Joseph L. Hey wood, at Nauvoo, announc and her two children." There were ing the sale of our place there for thirty-fiv"Sunday, 10th. which". of Horace wrote an anoxen, to some resolutions passed at the meeting one yoke swer on the 28th. wras, that the land which had been enclosed. ; The next day he wrote: "A meeting was and all that pertains thereto, should be consid- . I m f il called about noon in order to do some business, ltcu us oejngingj,oneinurcri necessary to" fiuingutian nrnuntaihs7 Bro. 0, Pratt m ad can es ti mate1" "tiun portion of land to till, and if he neglects ol' the number of wagons, grain, implements it, it is to be taken from him and given to anof farmiug, such' as- hoes, shoyels, etc.,: that other. Father Burt is to be left. a? .president would be necessary for' one luindrjd iaeiLon . ors. Jedediah Grant preached in the forenoon 7 expedition." 7 "The first of May," Horace wrote, "we are the first principles of the Gospel." . now engaged repairing the wagons that we inThis day the sky was cloudless and beauli tend taking with us when we shall start again. ful, and I was happy because the few days The weather has been so inclement since our spent there were so quiet and peaceful, and I "looked forward with a feelinc of dread to thft arriyal that our stay here will necessarily be the time time that it must be broken in upon and again intendprolonged beyond originally ed." be forced to mingle with the crowd and una; He also voidable noise and bustle of a large camp. Our speaks of his father and mother, Prest. Young and wife Mary Ann, and my tent was pitched on a gentle dope, and below, father and mother going to Lorenzo Young's some distance7 away, was a crystal stream of tent that same day to dine, where they had water babbling over the rocks down through a a While little there quite family meeting. stopping grove of trees and willows, where I ac. there was not more than one or two days till companied Horace the next day, Sunday, to about the 13th that we dklnqthave a shower; fish, taking along our books to read. This some of the timo hail and rain, and on the wai his favorite pastime, and in ''which he night of tho 5th had a heavy thunder storm, every opportunity. This was the most and there was some sickness in consequence, delightful spot we had seen, the whole landscape around us was lovely, they called it roll4jtitveacrYery lew deaths in our; camp dur ing prairie, and it had such a variety of hills ing that part of our journey, for which we hajl be cause to and thankful. Numbers of dales, all dressed anew in their bright velgreat jthe brethren, who had come that far with teamslind vety robes of spring. to drive,returned to Nauvoo.v The first morning I took an early stroll to enjoy thescene, and I was almostericlianted as-- ' "Tuesday, lth," Horace says, "one ofather s rrhinrra nt. '.hn I fitod thorp. IllnilP. r5... Was dishorses, on being driven up r. frlnrlnita o.gui- ,covered to be very badly bitten in two or three as the sun was peeping over the h ills and to leno still more to the scene of enchantment places on the head. We immediately resorted here came a beautiful fawn and also an anteto our family horse physician, the Delaware) who has beem.very successful hitherto," but on lope, skinninc fearlessly over hill uwl fh)In nnvl the 7th, it seems, the horse died, contrary to out of sight, with naught to disturb them nor their expectations. "This," Horace wrote, "was tie peace and tranquility of my thoughts, but inattention on the the of to the knowledge- that the spell was so soon to be the owing part broken.. . boys, who neglected to take care of him. loss was I a as. it breaks up Father consider it quite a romant)egirl. not yet eighteen, and . one of his teams." an admirer e beauties of GodV naturally Fra-zier handiwork and I thought, like the "Minstrel," Jacob "Friday, 8th. cameT in with five yoke of Bro. Kimball's u naiare, jaow m every caarra Buprema ! ozen aild went to drawing rails this afternoon. Whoso votaries feast on raptures ever new ' .. Thebrethren finished their fencing O, for tbo volcdnd lire of wrdphim, To eing thy cloriw with devotion dac having enclosed 300 acres, leaving a surplus of lO.OOO Next day anothei'ftlnDg excursioa was takrailsj they have besides a sufficient 1'Uuibcr of house logs cut to build 30 or 40 en, where Horace caugit a dozen or'' nunc. Vinildincs. This ai'trnoon Andrew Cahonn Thessubstantiak were very-- accept a bteTVo hactdiad no raeat,'except a little that had been came in from Nauvoo brought the mail, the for 5th number of the Eagle Brigham, and the given to us and some we had sorrowed a few news tnat rorter was arresieu, wane asieep, Dy days previous, for a number of weeks, but had Wor-reBackentos"in Nauvoo for the murder of subsisted principally on sea biscuits and that l stood to taken sort of fare When the sun did shine the heat trial that he was Carthage, was intense', and the reasons for my rememberon the charge and wa3 acquitted. He was no sooner liberated, however, than he was taken t ing it was that we were .compelled to wal at of was to scqusation-Hhfavor ou another tho posssBIe as threatening ; up they. teams,' Wednes-(iiiyjviiingT-A- went back for another feast- The same day Horace wrote: ."Brother Dal. i..tfs horse wits bitten by a rattled) a ke. We have a civilized Indian of the ancient I)el- :i ware tribe with us, who ii of great use to ns in such cases. Also this morning noticed a heifer, belonging to Bro. John Pack, which had been bitten. These reptiles are getting so ' -- - .. it and mi y ' - --- tfj,-cacl- 4il'tfcn or yoke of" dOTTK"aiitlTim-along, .which was very" acceptable, as during the last night four of:iny father lwrses hail strayed away, and .a number of the boys had out in pursuit of them we, went on to Bro. Markhaui's camp and stopped.' The hoea wxrcluiindrat "tlie place where the boys had last bought corn, some fifteen miles distant Jrim-ainiirbvW- ; ' . -- a man'.s life, and committed to Quincy Jail thereto await his trial' L:' "The wife of Bro. Green, captain of a company of pioneers, died, and was buried herb '."yesterday." 9 ".Saturday, th. Beautiful" d av about noon I started out and. wcot the cattle put four. roke. ,, temither s and J. 'J.' horses to and went out three or - four mrles andcarriage, encamped where our cattle have been kept took the little tentjvith n. Wm. Kimball and King went with ami helped ..... t us urxve me vearas. yjLgoxereajwarJix " ! s y, ' 135 . lioiinciflg the death of Gr.andfatferWMtnefv i lie same auy,,. by the kindness ot one of the artillery, our company were provided with some f'rveh pork, some; of the" company haying:! killed a wild hog in that vicinity, of which ' , they taw quite a drove, -- after our- arrival, which, Imweverrdid not 'hut us also an d w en t long.- - Bro Per ry eft, " Nauvoo." to hack ; . Next day Bro. Mark ham come lack from - NK NT V O - John; it ofn me need, ram l n g soon s", OMAN'S E X ' of-th- . to-da- y, ' ; ; -- 7 alf-thft- ed 