m 1 7T of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. ihTKigtits ''t Vol. 32. CITY, UTAH, FEBRURAY 1, 1884 The common rights their country had denied;: 7 bciJLBlJJBheitcr-an-d their only home. ere canvas walls; or heaven's vaulted dome. iJeprived ofjilljhjeju xnries lef t.behind-"- -' -- They mnrmnrcd not, but all their strength combined " 7 To reach The distant, designated spot, Where mobs no more against their peace would plot. Mighty and strong God raised them up a man Of dauntlcps courage to direct and plan, As Moses led the the sea.. llebrewsjthrough .So Brlgham Young (a man of destiny) Was called to guide God's people day by day And lead them in "a solitary way." : The sen Be of freedom so supremely hwect TO SISTEK EJJZA. Sister Eliza, how shall I coirvcj wishes thatsurronnd your natal day Or .voice the love, tbo vatt. apprgclkUJn....,, That prompted lbisyour birthday celebration? mo My inability bad disinclined To nndcrtako the present task asslgri'd me, . Knowing that abler ones, and older, too, Could best bestow a tribute worthy you; Tct if I fail to fitly grace- my theme, 1 trnet yonU still accept my warm "esteem. ' " ' . - Thousands of Saints to-da- y r would fain express Their recognition of your usefalness; Their voices, as "the sound of many waters," Would own you first of Zlon's veteran daughters " one and all to you this place accord, Assigned you by the servants of the Lord, Nor could our brethren have ordained a wiser, Or naturally, more able organizer. , You've lod your sisters, on In righteousnose, Yea, And systematically soothed distress; Have formed societiesjwhose purpose, pure poor; Nor ha Te"yo1itoiled and traveled thus for gain, Nor have your faithful labors been in vain. In Zjon's stakes, through all their breadth and length, I! Zlon's daughters have Increased in strength, -till with the Priesthood of "High Heaveu" they stand Shoulder to shoulder like a marshalled band, Witling and waiting, disciplined aud true, . Ready indeed the will of God to do. Our little ones have also bad a share Ot four unceasing and instructive care; 3fany the blossoms that we trust wiU bring A glorious and abundant harvesting. Even under God this state of things Is due, In a great measure, to your efforts true; And yet in spite of cares so weighty, Body and mind, you're sound and staunch at eighty. You number fourscore years, without a doubt, Pardon the pride that makes me tell It out; I know you're not ashamed of being old, Or else your ago yott never would have told. Why is it some who've sense commit the blunder Of underating "Eatber Time," I wonder? Why should we wish his traces could be hidden, v Why treat him colily, like a guest unbidden' Tis just as well for folks to condescend ' To take Time's hand and own him as a friend. boubtlees he's partial to if special few, And thus It is he's gently dealt with you; LoDg may he favor you as heretofore, At least another twenty years or more, Unless of life you weary, may you see Enough of time to make a century. :zllai-he44he4iclp- to-da- ' fourscore Oh! what you must have eeen; A wonderful experience yours has been; Honor'd indeed to bo the mate, the wife, Of one whose sacred mission cost his life; .Consort of Joseph, martyr, saint and seer, Whose memory unto all of us is dear. . How much more so to those we cannot tell Whose was to It know him well; privilege Who were ty bim beloved, and to him sealed By the grand principle from heaven revealed. Hare courage they possessed, (the faithful few) W ho entered into covenants go new, Who, while their aim as falling snow was pure, kd ev'ry kind of slander to endure. T wrcitle, not alone with vain tradition, Bnt with ' vindictive, murderous opposition, Through deepest waters truly have you past,iliroagh persecution's scathing;, fwry blat, tndured the days when our lovwl leader fell giutincu'sinatlwi Tetfirm jour faith, e'en while yonr heart strings bled, "bi you knew was still "our living head." to-da- y ! . - i Jn u for ,oa thfl doare8t Ueg were riTefl T 'ZT Pa rishUul homea Saints wf3 driven, tha pathless prairies wide - ' friends, many of whom have been long and tried, wUtyouJiajrneJ.thi;'beat-i- burden of opposition to thegreat innovation of the latter-day, We are well aware that mnch demonstration h not congenial toyour quiet, practical mode " of life. You prefer to be known by your deeds, rathe. than by the eulogies oif admiring n - friends. But for an hour of social pleasure of friend with friend, a more auspicious time than your birthday we thought could not well be i s. d. Thia even ingjwe-cobine two pleasin ures one the meeting of numerous iriends and the pleasure of pausing in this busy lite of ours to make special note of the natal day of Zion's Poet Laureate, Jlodesty is a gem becoming to the bosom of alitruo women, and we know none prize .it m ' more highly than yourself, yet we presume tonight, and we shall hope not unpardonabl to V thus bringyouto the front and review in" your presence some of your croad works. Your life is contemporary with two. of the greatest events in the annals of modern history, namely, the growth of the American Re public and the time when GpdJiftLsetJHis-JiamJ-tprune His vineyard for tlielast time. With both you have identified yourself, and adorned many events with poetic garb that will iraiuor-- ' talize and hand them down to iwsterity. AV should not forget in our bort panorama oi" the high. praise which is due your life your parents, for success in after life depends much, verj m uvh, ujvu starting out a rig h t. Under their wise teaching and counsel an in- tellectual soil was prepared, which was fertile when the seed of truth was sown . And the mystic skill of economy taught you by your mother has stood you in good part, both in your personal comfort and as a public teacher of the science of life. Your high appreciation of the Pearl of Great Price when you found ' it was shown by the complete renunciation of all worldly honors and emoluments, and even the comforts of life, and in your counting every sacrifice as without weight in the balance with truth. The dauntless and undying heroism of woman's love was exemplified in the choice of your husband. The law of God, which gave you perfect right to recognized wifehood, had been long and deeply buried beneath the dark-nes- s of many ages. But your souls were wed, ..yours and Joseph's the Prophet, with the apnrb- oaiion oi me great r ainer oi jignt ana seafctf by the authority and power ot the holy Priesthood, which gave yon strength to live and love in silence, regarding his presence and teachings a s a boon above all other?. A n d when t he saddest of sad days came, when your .husband became a martyr for trutis sake, upon the altar of a broken heart you burned the incense d of eternal vows, and with eyes uplifted to heaven, cried, "To labor in thy vine-"- " yard, O Father, doing the work that Joseph ' has given me, I consecrate my future life." Thus we interpret your long and useful career amoug the Saints of God. Yonr life's trials the death of your husband did not quench your poetic fire, but through it you poured forth yonr sorrow iu accents which comforted your own heart and the heaits of the Saints. Yoiir deep suUering made you a sympathizing friend and wise counselor to many in the dark hour of trial. As nriestess in the House of God many have received rich blessings under your hands, and with loving hearts remember vcu as a xrcat mother in Israel to-nig- ht . . . "T . . . , " But time would fail me, nor do I desire, . To count the fruits of Zlon's earliest lyre, Enough that you have used the talent given. And rendered back the Interest due to heaveu. Ah! who shall prostitute a gift divine To laud themselves alone in every line! If God to one or ali a gift imparts Give Him the prai3e with undivided hearts; Give Him the glory, as 'tis right we should, By helping up the struggling multitude.,1 And this Indeed excites our admiration That Sister Snow has used tbo concentration Of mind and body, heart aad soul and brain To build up 2ion and to right maintain. Devotion totho truth, yea, consecration, Aloof from love of public estimation, , Has won for her a more enduring crown T" renown. Than present praise or cheaply bought S. L. City, Jan. 21st , lSSt. . - . ' . tear-itaine- " A BIRTHDAY ADDRESS. Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith, the anniversary of your 80th birthday is assumed ta be suffic- a social reuniently momentous to be worthy . ion-- of '' Invigorated weary hearts and feet. And thus they reached the valleys of the West, And 'mid the "everlasting hills" found rest; Yet whilst they joumey'd on the lonesome plains The camp Of Isr'el sang your strains, cheering Such glowing words that bado them .courage take To bear their burdens for the Gospel's fake. And so for years your glorious gift of sng Has helped thh weary and the faiut 1 along. J : - One incident mong recollections rife I fain would mention of my early life: Grant me forbearauce while I thus recall One epoch more eventful than them all. -Auspicious time, wbeo truth's eternallight Flooded my soul with Its effulgence bright. Truth found me seeking it when bnt a child, Happy was I to find It undented; But those I fondly hoped would share my joy Daily endeavored to my faith destroy. So ridiculed by all and frowned upon, These words of Sister Snow's oft cheered me on, "My heart is fixed I know in wbotu I true-tImmortal lines, they cannot, will not rust. Full oft I ponder'd them within my heart, , Till of my daily thoughts they formed a part, And ever as I conned them o'er and o'er, So ev'ry time my faith was strengthen'd more, Kor can I help but wish their author blest, Whose high resolves my youthful mind impressed, Who "touched my heart' and wakened the desire That God would thus my soul inspire. How shall we e'er forget that hymn of praise Familiar to the Saints of Latter-dajs- , Even 6 my Father':" The exalting strain . Uplifts the spirit Into heaven again, And makes us recollect our royal birth, However humble is our lot on earth. Even as incense doth the song ascend When Zlon's singers' sweetest voices blend, And as wo list to the triumphant swell. We feel that "Zion prospers, all is well." No.-17- 