;; Vol. Kt. .. - I:?. O God ahove in whom I trtss-- t ANOTHER WORD TO THE GIRLS. . cr "So near, and yet m fir: " I've heard r "still small yioce" s! it oft, ; dQiitwimtta of ' And hidAingjgrthgr-kr-hon-7 Call unto Thee In'Jos'us iiamo For comfort, and. Thou hast the power.. To cheer an i comfort" oil 'the way Tho weary, wounded, hreaking heart, the family of this poor; misguided girl, to dicar this exulting cry of Satan hurled into their face, for they, as, well as all other Latter- d a y. .Saints, k n ov that 't He re be 1 er, a t ho u sa nd times better, that death enter their door'.and rob their household of its treasure, than that , they should be led away into the broad road ""By that evil one, whois the master of lies. Thus it has ever been since the warfare in heaven, when lie, who' is now king: of evil, sought for and was his with followers there, 'supremacy m.;t out of tho presence of our Fatlicr to continue that warfare on the earth, where the more faithful spirits have their eyes veiled with mor- has sought to : draw after : tality, that-i- ie spirits who, through their faithfulness, earned the privilege - of inhabiting a body on the earth, r When the Lord revealed His. Gospel to Joseph Smith and; began to establish II is Church, then (fid Satan redouble his force, determined not to yield the Tight until every trial had been made that it were possible fir him to make, and every advantage he can gain on the battleground, which' is the hearts and min.U of the children of. God, he will not fail - 1 ' . j-- - "Xearer, my God, to Thee," I cry, Nearer to Thy throne I come; -- Thinner the veH that hiJes from me ' -- ' The gl orh2sfj3fjjliLrii-liatne- him-thos- 7 our SI Father,us heal to praise v " . - " bleeding heart?, Thee whi.'e we've breath, Help TTclp us tonohly heir our pirt, Oh, giveus irferty7or derith! wi)tW6xeZISZLl Jo-thcp- f ChtUtt--th- Juao lst, ISSt. President W. Woodruff. SarntXI&fr we in this srreat and arduous struggle against Satan, should array ourselves in our battle orarb. the Snirifc oV God. nnd lis- ten and obey of our commanderiln the field, the voice of revelation, for unle5s wo-- lo tiiis we are left" to" the mercy of the enemy, as soldiers engaged in mortal combat, who have left' their commanders and thrown oil" their armor and cast away their weapons, we have no alternative but to yield to the enemy and bo bound with his chains and led away by him which is endless torment. How can the Latter-da- y Saints excuse' them" selves who have neglected their duty in failing to use their utmost endeavors by prayer, teaching and examples to assist their children to clothe themselveswith the Spirit of God as a protection' against the adversary, and, if the children of the Latter-daSaints cm Id real izc the price they have to pay for the pottage of ' this world, no desire of Satan could tempt them to sacrifice their rights in the. Kingdom for it. It is a grievous thing to see our young girls, led away and unite themselves in marriage with those who "are not of us. To the faithful and death ofJheir child- - would be pleasantparenWhe "compared with it, for what is death, the throwing oiT this mortality com-- , pared with the loss of eternal life? Note the condition in'after life of the woman who cast3 aside her rights to the ordinances of the priest d enfjap-e- into-captivi- And though ITe plead in anguish sore, And could "command, a heavenly host," And though He hied at every poro ' , God's Son could not deeert His post;" Then meekly towed His head in prayer, Drank of th; cup with divine, Crying, they know not what they do; Can we, the children of our Godr The brother?, sister of His son, Do7e?s than give onr lives to Him? Fternal Jives we then have won.. There is no t'Hoyal road to heaven;" The same rough road our Brother trod We all must tread. No pattern's given that - who are No. 2, r T-Jm- heri Q , r hearjLa Wlay6 the Latter-da- misery y reaLdeaL4aid-aboubth(r- " Saint? have to endure in polygamy. Now, ic Ul not necessary that women should have aught but liapjriuecs in this order, but how enviable is the poJiionin after lite of the woman who m.iy br; even the'tenth wife of a man, and through mistakes of lurs, or his, or both, she has been obliged to spend her earthly life in abjeetmiscry, but has stood firm iti the Hiith through it all, compared with that of --the woman who has not been sealed unto an eternal marriage. The former has her rights and blessings recorded in the heavens, and when she h prepared to receive them our Father will gladly award them to her, and she will continue in rearing posterity in the eternal worlds, while the latter must remain alone throughout eternity, and cannot enjoy these blessings. ' : -- - should not ."heii'wliy see children parents grieve when their they deny themselves these that- they should blessings, and watch for and .guai'd off every- schema of the" evil one to prevent them; from acquiring them, and further, with what earnestness should they endeavor to carry out every principle ofthp Gospel - and given " through Ilis eeryant3,:.that they - mayd) enable Trt!irow a net work of righteousness around their children in their tender years, that 11107 may not be enticed from the fold and forsake their true Shepherd. how-necess- ary - TK,ed"xT-Fyn?or(t"':orG.7- ' v.': the-voic- TIl7 will, O Lord, not m i n n to d one," Oh! givo me strength and grace 10 ar, As l Thy yUpon that sad and Foleinii day, When weak as other mortals are, In deeiieet anguish cried , If possible, the itter cup, O Father! let it pass from me. r8ave Jesus e tt"t Jmt.'cre lltyxc this mortal. hens My earthly task I would complete; OhhiTi mistrrngth, and g;::vc, and power To lay .my faults feet. When fors without, and foen within C'.mlano, Thy pHo;)!e to ensJave, Thfl ireakocss of the would cry, Oh, tii ve us rest withiu the "rave' : 7 " ' . , ill "spraks. to me, But not to take the thorns awn', For each must bravely hear Lis part. Thy Servant to Thy Saints hath ? aid, Call on the Lord with' faith in prayer; When in thy pccret closet kneel, Afk of thy Grid thy heart's desire, Oli precious "prom i?e! priceless boon! To ask of God, and Ho will bear, And liearing answer to-- our call; - ' " lie seems bq far, and is near. The Piochc liccord hi commenting on. the marriage 'of lYiuf 6T out young sisters to an outsider, the son of an apostate Mormoti, says, "Another budding flower lias been, snatched from the t(;nat'h-- of the Mormon Church'flnd thus saved, from jwlygamy and vice," etc This exulting boast 'of Satan gives me many serious reflections. Truly, a3 President Tolor has fai'l, the adversary is abroad like-- roaring lion seeking to lead the children of men astray, and this languare of the Record is only a vaunting boast of his of a victory he thinks he has gained, and "means, in imguage interpreted, one more spirit snatched from the road that leads to eternal life, and saved fro 111"" s " realized Lefore ,. The truth of it, hut. now. I know The deep, fait meaning of the term, O Father! Thou whom '.I a dure, And In my weak and hum Mo way ' '. : 'Desire to learn to know Theo welJ, ''..'' Desire to live hut to obey. -- ' '" ' hood, and marries only after the manner of tho world. She may, perhaps, though it is irbt .often the case with such, be fortuirate enough to secure a husband who will care for her happiness, an d she may enjoy every comfort the t h e tin! i world affords, bu an d i t 'will surely come, when she realizes that to be permitted to continue in the ma'r'riagn relation,', and have an eternal incrfa-in t'rf Kingdom of God is eternal life, and finds, when summoned before her Father to receive her reward for her labors on the earth, that' her name' is not recorded in the great book of marriage?; and therefore she lias no claim upon that. blessing, then, and not fully till then will she real-iz.- ? what she has lost. -- And worship day ly day, and hear my woe Incline thino liioti art my only ft ay": Tor friends, though counted hy the score, Are few wlion norrowR coiim ;1...-Anthough they dwell am ar my door, As weir a thousand mihs from home. Thy ' ALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUKE ld, J188i. TJtUST IN GOD. Bat-neve- ... ty, - NOTES AND NEWS. In the Salem, Mass., Normal School there is class of girls learning carpentry. ' both branches Helen M. Gougar addres-eof the New York Legislature 011 the 10th of May, by special invitation of that body. d Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton has removed to the bid family residence, at Johnstown, N. Y., and will make it her permanent hpme.lA -- y "MisTKrmlnaTFhful is to give to the world her impressions of America in a volume en itled "Three Visits to America' now nearly V ready for the press. . God-fearin- " Ki'Tir. g "Queen Kanavalona IIi.,'of Madagascar, is a true Maria . Theresa. Oh ascending the ahrohe she said: "I shall prove rny?clf a soldier, ever ready to defend, with you, the land of .our ancestors." This good and benevolent queen died very recently, she had done much for the elevation of her subjects, and excelled inalL good deeds, - . . .. i 