WOM ' ( is'called Anne Tikelike, she is a daughter of Kauhunahepie, who was a faithful member of the Church and an influential mail when Bro. Cannon was here. She pays her" father while he lived taught her that Mormoniani was true. She finally made up her mind to join the Church and came to Laio and requested bap-- of- a- tism. Chiefess. v:'-Praying for the success of those who labor; for the upbuilding of the Kingdom rof God, X. AN' S EX PONE NT . scenes he'describes arid the camping fires; also of going to the creek mens tioned to do onr washing, as. vvelLas the that we passed, they being the first we r rhad "seen ; an"(of : pfl r.p ur ch rnpjf the ears to Voaskt lookeX I remember the corn-.field- asino , formed by our fathers, was dictated, was was put into their hearts by the Almighty, who sits enthroned' in the midst of the . .heavens;ajojlrutriown .toj.hem,. it was 'tti5? Christ; it is as good as ever I could ask for. I say unto YouK. ma gu i fy the aw. Thercrisno" law" liTtFe of United States, in the Constitution, but I am ready to make honorable." re-yeal- more see vegetation and ' cultivated land, or : any thing resembling civilization after travelShcljsaYeryfinepci ing as we had and camped for so long a time upon wild prairie land. It was to us like an. ,UThuredayrl6ihr(Horacrwf ot eTA meetin & to was cairetTat our camp the people were told rasis theearyrave tDTGosi,-TeminTydiiTiHex-i: to choose whether they would go over the wilderness, and reminded us of our western Sara'ii JJ. Partridge. mountains with Bishop Miller to Grand Island homes, where the tall cornfields waved o'er our ot had we learned and where the art or to go back ou the other side of the river heads, which bread" was hoe our cake, the most of them were for going on with Mil- "daily making TRAVELS BEYOND THE MISSISSIPPI with hominy and the luxurious; gravy from Ier. There was also a call made for more volunteers for the war. Brother Kimball, father transparent pork. BY HELEN JblAR WHITNEY. Here we first met our staunch young friend, and Brigham started to go over the river to ' . Col. Kane, who came to our the Bluffs there to hold another council camp on the 12th, , (Continued) that and made a speech Previous to this an express had been sent by then they intend with some of the Twelve to evening being Sunday, to orders the the President to Mt. Pisgah to raise one hungiven Capt. concerning recruiting go up the river some. distance to seek a location Allen to raise a regiment of volunteers from dred men for the expedition over the mounfor us this winter. Wm. and wife, Helen, such "Mormons." that the conditions on Sarah Lawrence, Harriet Sanders and myself tains, and the dav before their arrival Brother among it would be an advantage to us. Brothers-O- . "Woodruff had called for mounted volunteers, .; accompanied them to the" Bluffs. . when "sixty at once Stepped out into line." Pratt and G. A. Smith aho made appropriate After going about a mile and a half from the said. Col.. Kane had But the day following the people there were speeches, ratifying, what ferry on the other side, the brethren were met "This yonng man," wrote Horace, "appears to thrown into consternation by the sudden cry, by a number of the Twelve and others goiiig be an instrument in the hands of the Lord to "The United States troops are upon us!" But down to the village; being near !Bro. George it soon proved to be Captain Jarnes Allen with A.'s camp they stopped there and held coun bring about our salvation at the present tinie. three dragoons who, after making known his The United States' fleet have taken possession' cil. I rode on with the. mrls and-wreached business in the High Council; at that place, of the coast of California. By doing this we the cam jr. establish a certain claim on the 1 and , and once was furnished with a letter of introduction to He re we found anu mber of our ol d acquai - the President and there ours will be the majority of people." authorities at Council Bluffs among them were Bros. Robert Pierce and Brother Woodruff dispatched a messenger We learned that father and B. Yo.ungwere and Cooledge and families. This camp was to prepare them for the business of this govern-- . at the camp on the Bluffs, and that they were much larger than ours and consisted principalmen t agent. all full of life and bustle that over 300 had ly of those who left Kauvoo long after our deOn the 7th of Julv thev bep'an crossing the enlisted, Those who could went to see them, parture. Horace, myself, and Sarah Lawrence Missouri River.-Th- at in some on horseback. and some and Horace ihQ carriages My day stopped with Bro. Cooledge's folks that night. other boys returned from their trading trip in mother went with others of our; family and I Horace wrote: "Friday, 17th.a A meeting was the Piatt country, having met with no other was to have gone horseback, but the boys all called this morning and considerable business to accident than the breaking of a yoke and a and horses not done- there was quite a subscription taken in go, wanting having enough, Horace back and the others Hans to I latter returned wagon tongue, behalf of Bro. Yokum, who lost a limb in the stayed happened Hanson while alone on the -- prairie. that evening, but father and mother, remained. There Missouri persecution, and had suffered a great was but one boat and that capable of holding We learned that one hundred men were yet deal some gave him money, some flour, etc. three to time. list. the cows at a Our were only wagons wanting complete recuiting Wm., myself and the driven across on the 8th, and we came down to The following is from the life of Brigham took a short ride into the country this girls the landing in the afternoon, but a number of Young: forenoon, and about -- three -- p.m. started for teams were ahead of us, and wer had to wait while battalthe "Brigham Young, believing home, which we reached about sunset." The till one a.m. before we could commence crossion call to bo a test of loyalty, hastened with next day President B. Young and father went ' Heber C. Kimball and Willard Richards to ing over. Horace wrote: some fifteen or twenty, miles up the river in Mt. Pisgab, 130 miles, to execcute the '"de"Thursday, 9th. We were blessed with a, search of a suitable place to winter, but not. fine moonlight night, which aided us greatly in mand," as they deemed it, for a battalion of finding any they came back, previously sendtheir picked men to serve their country. They crossing. This morning drove our oxen into the ing on six men in search of some good place. : m i .M l' messengers, wun river to swim them across, but they would not sem omciai iwmeuiaieiy Sunday, 19th. They held a "meeting in r from their high councils, to Kauvoo, go, an account of the reflection of the sun's to find out who were going over the mounGarden Grove, and the regions around, calling rays upon the water, which dazzled their eyes, tains and who were not going to Grand Island. to their old men and consequently had to take them over in the boat "They made out some fifty wagons which" at about five o'clock had everything over but to the their of men boys Horace says, "were to go ahead join Miller, place supply picked two oxen which were missing. Had a very and proceed with him over the mountains. going for the service of their country." r hard rain while we were going out to the camp "Returning to Council Bluffs, they gathered Brigham spoke severely of brethren, who. being . four miles from the river, where we all ar. the "Camp of Israel" to enroll the companies set to - .watch., cattle, fell asleep - at their posts rived to-- ight pret tyjvel L iaUguei-Wand suffered them to roam into the Indian's yi&Z of volunteers. While Major Hunt' of the vol- learneu mat JJisnoD Miller, who has nne was out the first company, unteers, calling thce"fbund jcorn fields, ahead, has had his horses stolen." . . "Col. conversed with Kane in Brigham Young guilty of like acts again should be expelled Bro. Woodruff's carriage about the affairs of "Friday, lOtK Rainy this morning. Fathfrom the camp of Israel, for they were a perer came up he crossed soon after we the nation, and told him the time would come fect disgrace to us."' but did, Avhen the Mormons would have to "save the stayed in the woods last night; and Brother James "Monday, 20th. was detained some time, having lost some of Government of the U. or it: would crumble Sraithers and Jacob Hutchinson went over the : his ' cattle, but he found them again. to atoms." river to join the rest of the band in a party ; Joseph Herring, an Indian of the Mohawk minutes twelve after of the same "Forty which they held over there day, tribe, has just come from the south-westhe Elders he and the assembled 15th, people July tells us that there is a civil war among the in the $owery. President Young then deliv--ere- d Cherokees on account of one party of them to the congregation a simple but earnest A man i3 known by his company, and his selling land to the United States, lie had to in which he told the brethren, with a speech, Swift.company by his manners escape to save his life, 3nd had travelled 200 touch of subdued pathos, "not to mention fammiles on his pony in three days. This afterWithout economy none can be rich, and with ilies that they had "not time to reason noon we moved about i of a mile beyond and it few can be poor. Dr. Johnson. r now." - the located ovrselves on a small rise requisition made upon us," and we will do In all things throughout the world, the men : being much more commodious and ng. cleanly nothing else until werhave accomplUhed thta-thiwho look for the crooked will see the crooked, than the place where Brigham is. If we want the privilege, of-- going and the men who look for the straight will see Very good springs of water in the vicinity. where we can worship God according to the the straight. Buskin. Quite a large creek about 4 of a mile distant. dictates of our own consciences, we must raise The Indians have cornfields the battalion. I say it is right; and who cares immediately Mind the paint Don't touch pitch. Go the around us, and on that account we have to for few our comfort for a sacrificing other side the road rather than shake hands years? close watch on our horses add cattle lest keep to sav to everv they want I with ne who may draw you along with him in should break into them." the Constitution of the United States, as man, the path of evil Everard. . v 1 . a V - . e " - -- . aes-patch- head-quarte- n able-bodie- rs es or-de- d e and . to-da- y, . S-.- . - , to-day- ." t; to-day- ;" "Wrm,he of-groun- d- i7. . , ... 1 