WOMAN'S EXPO N EN T HELEN AND VIRGINIA. But naught in Helen's quiet gaze Confirmed the vision scarce defined,;. -- Continued.' , year has come and gone since sshe r "When first I looked In her gray eyes And met their pnre and steadfast truth, The lips ao firm, the brow so calm, Her manner gentle, full of grace . . v ' LATIIROP When-President-Wells-- KIMBALL. " rl prosperous and happy, yet more ictive still in spiritual V "And what is human love that we Should count It alf, and prize it o'er in her last hours, and helped her daughter Helen prepare the bodv for burial after death. In June, 1868, President Heber C. Kimball died- - Sister Presendia felt she had lst her protecter and her nearest and dearest friend, out she had the Spirit of the Lord to enable her, to rise superior to the affliction, and she went about her daily duties with a spirit of patient resignation. and heavenly calm. Juno 15, 1868, a Relief Society was organ- ized in the 16th Ward, where Sister Presendia resided, by Bishop Kesler, and she was chosen to fill the position of Secretary, which she has heldjever since. At the organization Sister Sarah M. Kimball was present and had brought a book contain ing the minu tes of the organization of the Relief Society in Nauvoo, called by the President, Joseph Smith, when Sister Presendia was admitted as a member,and some great promises were made to her. la May, 1870, a curious incident happened, which it seems proper to relate in connection with this venerable woman: One night, about half past eleven o'clock, disturbed by a knock or the sound of footsteps, Sister Kimball went to the door and discovered a bundle lying on the step of the door. She says she knew instinctively it wa3 a child, and before opening it she felt positive it was a girl. She received it as a gift from heaven, and oes- towed upon Jt-t- he - most tender care.- -J t was blessed by Apostle' Joseph F. Smith, and given the name of Josephine. The foster mother fondly hoped to rear this little one to womanhood to supply in part the place of the one that had been so suddenly called away, but alas, the little creature was frail and delicate, and in spite of the love and affectionate solid-- ; tude bestowed upon the little one, who had been cast off by her own mother, she, too was taken to abetter and purer world.' v' ' In 1871, Joseph, Sister Presendia's young- - God's higher love our best reward? Were earth-lov- e all, 'twould bondage be, And life a game of chance, no more But knowledge raises, makes us free. Shall I, when these brief years are past, And higher spheres of life are won, Kepinlng count earth's pleasures o'er As misers count their shining gold? No, I Bhall drop them one by one For joys more sweet an hundred fold. "What shall it matter In that time The trials we chafe o'er Only if we were overcome, Or if we saw beneath disguise, The tempter luring us this way, And won at last, by faith, the prize.' O life! so brief thy sweetest days, So vain thy promises to all, 80 frail the staff that thou dost lend;. Thou art but token of the goal To lead as where no more shall fall ... From' reach the hopes that criiide the soul. There came at last to Helen' a heart The time to speak. The warm, bright day Was nearly gone, and Helen's dear And only sister sat with them, Ana epofce in musing, absent way, Gazing down toward her garment's hem, ? How swift the year has passed away Since you have had Virginia here? Suppose vou let her come to ma As long as she should choose to stay; Perhaps a change might pleasant be." Looking not in Virginia's face ; note its sudden, pained surprise Helta quick answered, for ber heart Knew well how deep her words would fall; "Sister, I think a change unwise, There's pleasure here enough for all." .To -- est8n,-tnarried Lathilla, daughterof TSTder Orson Pratt. This marriage pleased Sister Presendia, she felt Miss Pratt would be a good and true companion for her son. Not Ton ; ' -- -- -- . ' CAPACITY AND OPPORTUNITY. , -- worK. connection that Sister Presendia is almost daily sent for to ladrairiister to the sickrde votin 2 a large part of her time - to thisr particular duty. 'The laying out of the dead and dressing them is a work to whch she seems especially adapted. It is a little singular that she has performed the last offices of thU nature for all the wives of Heber C Kimball that have died except one. Theresa, Mary, Louisa, Sarah, Sarah Ann, Annaand Ellen. . No'woman could feel more enthusiasm in her labor among the sisters than Sister Presendia, a,nd her labors are justly appreciated. It is a grand and noble calling to alleviate suffering and t console the sorrowing Blessing otliera ahe' is herself blessied. went -- trarel worn and hungry, came Virginia softly left the room, And Helen's sister in amaze Turned In her chair with searching leok. A thought stole slowly o'er ber mind, ... i?i 1 lir s .w. to-day- . - Contimied. Perhaps the nex t most notable event that occurred in Sister Presendia's history-wawhen her son leiLUtah to go and join his brother in the east, who had offered him some inducements if he would leave the Saints and come -- and live in Missduri on his mission to England, Oliver drove hia team to the frontier, Sister Presendia says no mortal being knows what "she suffered in her feelings at that time. The son who had been with her in alL her travelings, the only one she brought with her from her home, now to voluntarily forsake her and leave the valley after all these years seemed more than she could bear. Some years later the two brothers, George and Oliver, came to Salt Lake" and made their mother a vi?it. In 1867 Sister Vilate Kimball was called hence after a most severe and suffering illness. Sister Presendia assisted in waiting upon her Our blessed Lord, where branching stood The barren flgtree by the way, He cursed the tree that mocked His need; TtlPn (hnnmv Vnnv.tl. WMM J tnnl tdil uuu n VbU KWUA From evil, this same lesBpn heed . 1 1 were over;" he rdied April 22rid,1872. And then after assisti ntr hia wifo fn pt. fiflr hnnee in order arid arrange her affairs, went and made a visit to her eon' George before returning home. When she came back she brought her two little grandsons iFredrick 11 v .TrioorVi ftTlfl frAnrortv O, roara ni' a rra his wifA kpnf. fiftiiBA fnr in &v ftKpnop and soon after her return Joseph and wife moved-t- o Meadowville, in Bear Lake Val- ley, wnere ne nas since Deen appointea i3isnop, have ..been very a circu mstance which-mus- t gratifying" to his mother who had endurod so .uiauy cruei u isappointments in regara to ner children. From this" time, however, the wheel of fortune .seemed to have taken a favorable turn, and her life seemed to have become more " Shall not mr heart nonr fnrlli nrfnr An offering to creation's Qod? Or shall I atill delaying yield xsui irmuess snade to tbose who cling Like f, to laws and hopes revealed? 44 When .:; -- - 1 . 1 A VENERABLE WOMAN. PRESENDIA E'en then I loved the stranger's face. "When winter came my heart could not Deny her shelter, aye, and love!- Winter has jwssed,- and now 'tis spring, And natnre all around me wakes And lifts its offering above Only my soul delaying breaks " " - The honor, lojalty, in their; 7 8he knew they dearar held ber peace Than their own love, aa yet untold, And ahe must bring them their release. Became one of oar household band. One of oa? Yea, for nerer more Could life be just the same again, When first I took ber by the hand Our apirita maUd, blended then.- - after Sister Presendia wa3 summoned to go ;ast to the death bed of her son Oliver, who was afflicted 'with cancer. His wife was confined the night she arrived. She staid there "Dear Helen, have yogjaought what weight And meaning your few words might bear this young girl?'',: Then Helen paled, But answered her with 'steady tone, ' "Yes, sister, I am well aware; - For many months my heart has known "Their fullest import; ! have coma To where the path at last divides. And I must choose tho pith of test, Or turn aside renouncing all. , My God supports, my heart decides . To follow where His voice doth call." From him, for Helea't s&ke alone. ThMi Helen weighed In her own soul A'A 59 8 x "You could never do anything but that." How often are those words thought, if not spoken, and when spoken, how often they produce a feeling of contempt and anger at the speaker when the latter is the cause of it. How often we hear of such a thing orfIort being a perfect success, when, if we examine1t,4t was partlv insured bv adaptation and that adab tion surrounded by iavorable circumstances, one isof little consequence without, the other,, but combined they easily, produce what often seems to us perfection. No where is this more noticeable than in onrsflvffl. Whpn n. nfrsnn is nnt.nrflllv rnnsfl- 11 frv rnrant nnA rnfTi it. i lihrd in wllr in "another." Our brain dictates thecourse to pur- sue, for in it ire certain organs, some larger and influ-- ; . than others, these bestow our tastes en co over our lives, and how natural that We should think and act according to ou remake up." The farmer and gardener considers the hab its and naturcof his seeds and plants! and then acts accordingly; what would be Editable and life to me would be death; to another No one could ever think of Jmnffl to grow Epical iruitTin the open air in Alaska, and we do not think it strange that birds do not cteep or garden worms fly; yet as great incongruities arc expected daily, by parents from their children, their mental capabilities .which,1 produce their: 1 t t 1HKes ft ana aisiiKes are rareiy.wiKen into consia-eratio-1 while they jnay be gifted and able to attain comparative excellence witn ease in several different ff ays and then if, they have the opportunity and make a Eucces3 in one direction their capacities are narrowed into that one grooveand thenjiomeajthe stinging reproof; "You .could never do anything but that." And if the influence of their lucky stars had not ' outweighed their guardian's discretion they could never have done that." . A. F. s ; - - 1 n, , . 