v- i. Vol. VLT VA. ADRIFTING J50A1V r--r cri.viiij:n . . s t Anchor nnd sail and oar,' And never, except on Lethe's shore, - Can come to moorings more; -Out of whone loveless, .trustless days The hope and the heart hath gone' (iood ships go down on thj stormy eea?, liut those empty boats drift on. . - r They had hearts to Bail in the wind's eye once; '' They. had hands to reef and steer, With a ;trengti that would not stoop to chance, And a faith that knew no fear. But tho j'cars were long and the storms were strong, And the rainbow flag waa furled, ' ... And they that launched for the bkies became But the driftwood of the world. - - Wo man 's Jou ra al . ' . 7 A VISIT TO THE COUNTRY. Oh, for an "out" into the fresh green. country! Inspired by ngthis impulse, my sister, with with delight over our two little our anticipated ride, secured seats in a northern girls-chatti- NOTES AND NEWS. d bouni the case on that memorable day the heavens showered its tears upon the graves of the dead7" heroes of our country buT alter the ceremony of strewing flowers, nature seemed cheered, dried her eyes and the sun shone forth with increased brilliancy in token of approval. . An example Right," which still holds sway in thi' life, was exhibited in the cars by a man in appearance rudely taking .possession of a lady's seat, during her absence for a few moments. When informed that a lady had already secured the reat, he answered, "Then she may find another' refusiug to arise when she returned,' although other seats were vacant. The blood in my veins rati up to fever heat, but the train sped on, leaving us at a little quiet station, from whence we were borne by a pair of fine animals through winding roads, lanes and flower-deckebird f. nd a s weetAY ith-t- h ceD - bloo m 'sdheT'aluTeT' silent infl uence has soothed the cool, sweet , our indignant spirit, we breathe scented air, our eyes feast upon the scenej) frugal beauty and our souls swell with gratitude to the Giver of our lovely mountain home. Man's injustice to the weaker sex is laid aside for the time we are in sight of the little cottage on the hill shje, nestled in a forest of applejrees.. The snowy mountain peaks tower far above in " majestic protection, sending forth rushing,bub-blin- g streamlets to dance and fcing trouh velvet meadowf? and- - thriving farms, to bo - willow- -fringed d bn " ' " And this was a patriarchal family in the plural marriage! - All clinging to the faith of their paren ts, and proud of their birthright and the principle which gave them an honorable existence among the peaceful vales of Utah. Truly such a household is a monument of praise to the mother, a plural wife 0' or-ler- jLJioble,generous;sauletljnanr-levo- tl family and his religion; der of celestial marriage Dr. Lizzie Sargent, daughter of our minister to Germany, andJMiss Flora Kelly, daughter of Judge Kelly, of Pennsylvania, are among the eleven American girl3 studying at Zurich. Dr. Mary Putman Jacob! ha-- ; lately given the New Yortc Tdeyraui some very interesting facts coucerniug jh status of women in t)ie medical profession.' The census of. 187f) showed 02' women physician in thr- - United States." Thecensus of 1880 shows This includes uTa fr reg r pra c ti t o ners of various kind-- ; but, irrespective or niich, the increase ha very marked. ' celebrated Erasmus,though Antipathies.-T- he a native of Kotterdam, had such' an aversion to fish, that the smell ofit threw him into a fev- er. Am brps- e- PareJiailapiilientBvrio could never see an eel without fainting; and another who would fall into convulsions at the sight of a carp. What would have been the effect of an electric eel on these gentlemen? Joseph Scaliger and others could never drink milk. Gardan was guteljit jlie jighLbilcg--Ar-Kin- g of Poland and a Secretary of France . i - tors. he" ealIthenr-blcssedr'"While"t- -- " 1 - 7 splendid physique, and the daughters, without and pretty, exception, healthy, each head crowned vfith of woman's glory.a fair.forehead, beneath which sparkled large, beautiful eyes.. How graceful' and modest, and such housekeeper?! such perfection of neatness every where, while every meal revealed their knowledge .of wholesome, tasty cookiug; tho Sweet, golden butter van. per taction. Vases of tastefully arranged wild flowers here and there, with" books and paper,many of them our own home literature ijayejVvi-- i 'deuce of refinement and intelligence. A ml how. rej reiliing I lie s pirit 'of-h i ndness-- in a n i test ed from the eldest down to the prattling houses hold pet. We witnessed nothing" rough, boLs- terous or uncouth, nor had they been trained for the occasion, for wo were unexpeteI'isirosy-cheeke- w d . ill-ravor- " "Rut we leave the discussion of such weiglity subjects to, abler penvwe can feel the injustice, oeuer tnanuispuss it. Our pleasant visit is over. We're homeward bound with a. huge bouquet of sweet.wild roses, a deserted bird's nest, and a bucket full of whistles-to-charthe little ones, and witli-- a higher, truer appreciation in our hearts for the women who quietly patiently tread the ceaseles's. round of home by: the ..multitude scarcely apprecithepraise of ated by tho;sefor whom they daily toil and sacrifice, until the household machinery is the main brought to,a solenjn stop; spring is worn out, the tired hands are folded in a peace: ful rest, and the weary heart has laid down its burdeh of care and sorrow. These are our Mo- thrrs ! God b u?s them h Mayth ci r "nch i d ren ris-up and grandest, most enduring monument, shall bean. honorable remembrance amonfr the Saints of God forever. 8 un Flower. . biWreit vacan t chair in the household, except as it was left to. fill that of another' home. Here was a family chain without one missing or link Ufo sons handsome, intelligent,' and of - No. 3. 884 duties,-uninspire- twelve llath Hyes like that drifting boat. Lives that in early storms have- Ioet 1 wii--lo- s . d : 1 . The sail had passed from its broken, mast, And its painted pride wa6 dim; The salt clung ronnd Yhieh had b?tlLo ebarp and trim, Where were thn rnerry mates and f reu Who had gone with it afloat? "VYe nerer learned r bu the world'ftTvicto Tca sea-wee- , ; It had floated away from the beach and bay, its-bow- 1 htnhed in lr 'silencV on the bosom of- - the fa mous Salt Lake, thimijiering in the sunlight like a huge sheetof silver. T; The sound of carriage wheels brings a bevy of curious expectant aces to the door. We are most cordially greeted and graceful!)' waited upon by the elder girl? while two or three younger one-- run excitedly in .search of "mother;" after a smiling welcome from our aunt we begin to make ourselves acquainted with the little country cousins, who have sprung up like daisies in the meadow since we made our lat. visit, when a blooming lass we tripped over the hills which years of suffering have robbed us of power to do more than look upon ami admire. In this secluded spot in the suburbs of our prosperous town, is a family to be proud of - .v. rofeTJK'K. Out of sibt of tower and town, ' An' empty anl a battered boat; lint that boat. would not go down. The morning rotte on t lie waters wide, And tho night fell cold and dark, Yet ever on with the wind and tide Drifted that battered Lark. LAKE, CITY; UTAH, J ULY - - to-h- k- bled twenty-eight- , years, find testified to me that she had never regretted her choice, nor once - felt that she had donn wrong in accepting that principle. - This '.quiet, steadfast woman had 'follow eil the dictates' of a conscience born of a mighty faith in God; found honorable wifehood and motherhood with a man she loved and honored has proven herself a faithful, devoted wife as through long years of toil and trial-suc- h must necessarily be the lot of" a woman who bears twelve children, in moderate circumlia traiiiecl to strict moral-,itstance. These: taught them to honor and uphold the Constitution of their country,, only to see them ' robbed of all rights and privileges of American citizens, unless they violate that conscience which they have been trained from birth to hold sacred; and she, this "virtuous, woman, must sit with hands fettered by unconstitutional, law, untriad.unproven guilty of any offense, while any brazen courtesan, whose steps-le- ad down to shame and death, may pass triumphantly by her and cast her vote, while she' smiles at the men. who yield her patronage. y, God-fearin- g " athe-osirftinh'TooE'eiTat apples. Henry J II, of France, and many others had a great aversion to cat?, mice, spitlers, etc. "A great huntsman in Hanover, who- would attack a wihFboar valiantly, always fainted at the sight of a roasted pig, if he had not time to run away. These antipathies have been humor-ousl- y accounted for by the doctrine of the transmigration of souls. Those who had been flies in a former state were horribly of those who had been spiders; mice, did not like cats; and those who had been cats did not love dogs,. etc Amatus Lusitanus knew a person who fainted whenever he saw a rose, and always kept his house vhen they were in bloom. Scaliger mentions the aine about lilies, and I3ayle about honey. Bayle himself turned Tycho-Brah- e pale at the sight of water-cressefainted at the sight of a fox; ' Henry III., of France, at that of a cat; Marshal d'Allert at a pig. A lady, wonderful enough, could not endure the feel of silk or fatin. A man, not k strangely, was known to faint1 whenever he heard a servant sweeping. Nicanor swooned whenever he heard a bagpipe; Bayle fainted when he heard the splashing of water. - : s; - ' -- 