W 0 MA 'N' r : ' ami f tliink wo "likve a renter reward if ye liI.t the battle faithfully. UJoiniselor A. M. Kioli '. wtid At had i Prcridmt Lindsay lor a numher qua t ii U v v't;ar.-- ', and k'uw her v;i.s her oeeretiirye-iieeoi' ifiul zealous woman that she be id a rejoiced in the Gosfrd "ami in cdlthejiriv - - -- S'.R X P ONENT. 175 --- ANPLTJv PPIMAltY A WORD FROM MILL CREEK, ASSOCIATION. " 1 u- - - Vu---tui- j.)l'.Cf.u-.- la, and ' (TOSpol. i n i:r way , l 1 rs; . " - . rs ther-i.ters-a- cya - l ' a -- . - y. rc d - - G. pr .... .,,- ward. . ..-''- ..' Acting Bishop A. Hill W. Lenimon made some excellent remarks, al-Pros; John If. Bowden and J'j-North s)oke a short time. Sister A rami ut a Xort'i returned her thanks to the sisters for the haiidso-me their good will to' prestnt"and wards her. ; - A bounteous supper was partaken of, which added much to the comfort and pleasure of th party. A good spirit prevailed and aM enjoyed ihem-e.lve- s first rate. .. cojricusioii. itwas a T.e Ff)crctTlyaII resen t. U-- -- A -o ' - - -- . - . jmetr1t 5 ' ' daynJii. J e-- ' i- vailii!g rule. Sister Helen Armstrong, t of Y. L. I. A., has established a rule within. her jurisdiHi(7n. which we have mutually concluded upon, that the girls who apply lor mem- A. must be thirteen bership in the Y. L. if.-1years of age, and although visitors are always" welcomed,-'musbring a recommend from the President of the Primary. We are in hopes will that the Stake President of" ' favor us with a like 'rule. ThisTwe have no doubt, will meet with President Peterson's approbation. We feel encouraged in the cause of Primary Associations, and trust the interest fur and in behalf of the precious, tender plants, intrusted to our care, may never waver, but that we may give them the benefit of our experience, pointing out to them, by the help of the Lord, at the bejnnnin of their life's voyage, the shoals upon which the wayward mu.-t- . stand, and guiding them withtenderest love and care in the way that leads them to God. A higher, grander, nobler womanhood means the regeneration of the race. So I thank Go.l for every wave of uplifting that to higher levels. And I am especially Stake-Presiden- Past. Osmond expected that what he should to-da- .va-ls- i tend their labors. auiong the brethren in taking an active part in the work. Wa struck with the remark of Sister Pugmire in which she' hoped that the young ladies that she represented would prove as faithful as those who bad addressed them. L have thought of them wheii they would stand hy the' brethren in the day of trial, and in faith li.H their part nobly and bring ;thcir children '.Uj'in the fear of God, when they may, be 'de-.- . pnved of the counsels of their lathers. Qui object, "desires and aims are the same, and we ' - are looking forward for the same blessings. Conference was then adjourned untill the fecond Saturday and Sunday in July, ami an intimation given thata . twodays-meeting- -' vou Id b:j lfefd at Montpelier one "week from yesterday and Singing - Benediction by Prcct.AVm Budge. -- -- coiitmue-ttrat-- -- say would be more as a testimony to the work, than to add to what bad been said. There was quite a distinction among the sisters as thereds i , Lt sirod i wi.-.he- s y - your cliildren and numerous grandchildren;' a member of tthe llelief . Socie you. ty of the Mill Creek Ward ever since its first organization, and have also'bceil the treasurer for oyer seven"-yearsAlways willing to help and cheri-dthe sick and needy, you have our best in the future. May yeu yet speml iu:inyhappy days an d do all the good you r -heart desire--- , be a comfort to your husban I and children,; aio the grandchildren that are always still ready to greet you- on all occasions; -- c mtiiine to ai I us as a baud of alters in this glorious work in which we all engaged. May health, peace and .prosperity.-attenyou' t remainder of your days, is the earnest tie--si rc of -your sisters of the Relief Society- of this h;.iye-b:vi- l - . ri;le.arzttr.3n7: ad; you have here in this land 'many friends, a eonnortabte.aud. liappy home4 surrounded by Since Sitter E. R.'S. Smitii's Primary books have been in use the children's selections have improved, till they are all that could iu wished '.for, while" prior to that time, if ik-- guiud.d the selection of fcoiigs rCcilfUt-'.usetc., were not always as., appropriate as they might-- ' be, and the I'rimaries are very thai. kfui to' Sister-Elizfor her loving labors for them, find some Prinnir'v Presidents. ho v. ill 'We not allow any exercise iu a meeting, and least of all prayers,-tgo on until all the children are attentive; they wait until oruer reigns, and such meetings are orderly indeed;' but orerlyAes - jdolsuccesiL would husband an-- lamlly; you 'have s:iareilyith4he ..sainLi in inueh joy a:id persecution, lelt your home, friends and relatives that wejnearjind . . rsrant i . .rich, measure. e occasion ;'ar,d. wIjcu we reibct back we realize that you have spent o.ver forty years in this Ciiurch, during whie-l- tini?, together with your : - dntve-mct-"her- - the knowledge-, of God and the plan .of salvation, we iind them more inclined for pursuits, of a refining nature; "and it iiijs our hearts with gratitude to the kind Lis)enser, to see the rare gifts, which. Ho has bestowed upuii tire children of the- Latter-daSaints in such " that tjjjlessung' . It is witiigreaLjiieasure- tiiat' we this afternoon ,to., confatalate voii on this t : sniiit of "the sisters. e - " : epm-pose- d 1 i- V .seif-Jaerificib- of WIriiv. am not.jostedaitohiv,- - much the Primaries of this? stake have donated to the Manti Temple, but it considerable". They have also and 100 bushels stored about of wlieat. gleaned So much fortempjjr ""As the children are tau-diand advance in - tj;-a-t x r. uereoe; ;ku b-a- on thes-Fair- - generally. Prest. Hart felt to respond to the call from Sister Lindsay with great pleasure. Kealized with Prejst. Uudgo the importance of tluse or- t.orw.anl "to f hrganizaiions, anajooK-eft most it etnm' n th TTTnTaTiTiactHju. ' Ijrd.-- We have had manv trood in;truetions from the sisters; and Prest. iiudge, anj we should treasure them up in our minds. 'J'he Lord has blessed us with the blessiugs.of'eaith and the .blessings of heaven. It is necessary that we become more perfect, that we may be qualified to dwell with the holy ones. Our religion has taughtus that we are not the groveling things of this earth, but we are reaily.sons uiid daughters of God who reigns over al l men; overall the worlds that are created. It is clearly laid 'down in. the law that Jesus shall reign as King of Kings and Lord ot Lo us. Vhat a great-wor- k is devolving ukii the Latter-day Saints. Were the deeds of the faith of our sons and daughters recorded they would tupercede anything that has ever bcutread. Admired the zeal, .courage, faith, -- energy and i as-thes- m vj-a- ,e haveljoeu l(T"Piim-- : ary Fairs (luringthe hit two or three years in ttus slake. We have had the pleasure of being present at four of them,, and invited to niany which we haver-- ba ii unabl! ion ttenil. When we saw what tiese young. and smail Latter-day Saints could do in home industiics, it made us think, what 'could not we older ones do if we eiiercisol as much perseveiance in to our and jroportion knowledge stivngih littla children do. "When the day comes .iMQUUvloiLlikllH onr,vii i'Sourc s, then, if not before, will we s, that are now likely Nsec the good of aImo.-- t left for the little onrs to monopoHze. Ti;e JVimarieg are taught to jiay tithing, which some of them are alrad v nraeticiiiLr. I regret -- ng- ; Oie.-sin- L' e.Ci:nditioi.---'i'.l(;r- ' oiili e .Canute Peterson. Vv hh tliethree Associations lately organized i. e., Stii!n,.Ciahnison'l:,nad and Lover, the: are now 10 Primary Associations in this Stake, ' numbering mendrs.lJr(! ibund them, with t?.vo exceptions, in a vtry healthy aiul.pro-...- . grc-i- e si-te- j'lphraiin. of thjb sisters her t5th natal (lay.jTker.eu.wxraLa--anu;ri- i. 1)er of the broth ren present. Almost-thentire company were there at the apX)inted hour," which made itip-iiPsurprising' to herrnot havof the )roceedings. A ing t!n' hltghtet' i beautiful arm chair Wiiireie:!ted to iicr byi-th- e sisters and Tno fallowing- liiies were and read by one of the sisters: Ye, the sisters of thyR Ibf Society of Mill Creek' ward, have, coma together with your fimiiy to give you a surprise on your 05th birthday, ap:.' preciating your labor and care as our treasurer, we present to you this chair as a small f r:spjc, and hope, that you juuy live it. ' many wars - er 5i-te- j 't mi '.WhLi .: pr-unoti- L m-njy- 0t MdL den commenced our second - lAii'.v iiK'.T'j and and iVi'iri'Hi L. M. Hart" felt to Lear her tefomonv .to i is work, and'T,as r'h ! of t lie. privilege of enit, and widud takii.part in i oI'U end. S the i'e dure taithful to i .won erc 1 ' whether she would he able to continue as faithwho had puken.-Wful lis 'those of her sdiould try to be charitable and qxak v.'cll of each other and not say fury tiling that will cause i bad feelings.Piv?t. Ludge stated that he had o.en re- by .v;is-- . quested to say a. few words,, to the ter Lindsay, and felt Id. respond to the call cheerfully. Felt that the time was xlvy short 3 the Young Ladies and Primf.ir ary were all represented in the two days. YV'o in. are indebted 'to them for their r44-i- t4 this Stake of..ion .'. .Th ""iuily'in instructing; the people and ,!h;: results-therefrom are Ve.y apparent. I'nfvi :i i to hear the sisters .speak- as their Viurds u re both encouraging and instructive, tndeul the only thing to be regretted was their being too brief Si-t- laL I , '.T' -- the Relief Society ike, nceumpnziied ; bv Counselor Car oline Swaliu-rgand joined hater by Counselors Hhxr, and mi'd-- l; as in our number of Hi ii February-2- 1 On I),c."(U!r, bee lire it i.rthi .vvJu ttaKsditiinivtraiiuii aiii .Ii.LLu;ir ai-- o tjiat-Nvi-receiv- of tlif Dr.AJi. Jli:Tujt:-'- 1 kind ami true to jhnt, thc: iVit?t"ut;d ilTiri .7 1 1 1 - takes-wome- . fr thankful the crusade which has forced men into the front rank of the temperance )l ar- A: t Helena Madsex, - IAiTnnore- - - wocon-liie- t. : OBSEQUIES; ' The funeral services over tbo remains of Sister ifar-iflirdanor, who departed this life on the morning of March 20th, 18SJ, was held in the WeEt Jordan Ward Jloa,, on the 2nd liist, Counselor Jamns Turner pret- - vt . I'rcsent on tho Etand, l'rcst. A. M. Cannon and Counselor Josvpb E. Ta) lor, of the S il t Lalie Stnke of Zion.Bish-op- s I. M. Stewart of Draperviite, and Samael li of, Tajlorsvill Wards; also Bishop Gardener's Uounsetor3 r Vard Teivciicrs, quorum oCicers and others. Tho lar3 assembly was called- to order promptly at nine o'clock. Tho choir tang, "Ulster thou wast mild and lovely." Opening prayer was offered by Bra. Jamc - : 