never speak evil of any principle of their religion; much depends uml mother in rearing their children; they should never keej them Father Sessions lived on year after the deatti of his aged wife and companion; his de parture was in a very singular maiiner.be went to a neighbor's house and died in his chair and from Sunday; Schools; nor anyoT their ing, btf train' them to - becom e ooo3 and n obleZiiaid , meet- - HT -- we should storeup "grain, for-- the s judginf rfef-Go- d were corhing '.upon 'lH!erth7ai;fe VulK be prepared if we would become saviors upon AMt. Zion. Thought we, should make our own fashions and not follow those coming from London, Paris and from Babylon...-- . She knew the" trial of liviDg with an apostate husband,, her first husband" apostatized and toqkher eldest son with him , butshe had one son she though t a gift frorh God. "We must put our trust in God." When a woman enters into the celestial order of marriage, she takes the first step would all meet behind the veil. Sister Margretlnnes thought it a feast to listen to the voice of her sisters; she felt encour aged and more determined to press forward. Brother Lindsay spoke for a short time, said every one would nave to work out their own salvation. Prayed that Sister Kimball might have strength to perform her laborsT v Prest- - Julia Lindsay felt thankful to her Heavenly Father and to the sisters for the good .meeting we had enjoyed. Wanted the Primary was brought home a corpse all. . : ; die. sine' was Singing adjourned Meeting and benediction. Julia P. Lindsay, President, - ' - and it contained the "graveTef "We had bought 200 acres of land, and my Mted&hclpxi builda mill there.; After- - : wards we purchased the mill." Both Mr. and Mrs. Sessions must have worked very hard, for she says she continued to practice midwifery night, ram or" shine, some day or regularly, ' tunes going twenty miles on horseback in the" night over those lonely roads; Mrs. Sessions'' second child, another son, Sylvanus, wa3 born June 3, 1816, and her eldest daughter, Sylvia P., was born July 31st; 1818. Of this daugh- ter, and also the eldest son Peregrine, we shall have something to say later on in the history .." of Mother Sessions, as they united with tlii Church at a very earl y period of its historv.and their lives areinterwoven closely withthat of eir venerable mother. Ejcry thing prospered with Mr. and Mrs. Sessions and they grew rich in worldly goods, but still pursued the even tenor of their way, as New England farmers usually do, living on year after year in a plain and unpretentious style, after the manner called "comfortable" in the country homes of the Eastern States. Mrs. Sessions possessing considerable of the relig ious, element in united herself with one of the established xhurcKes, and believed she was in a fair way to be saved. During the period of their worldly prosperity sev- eral ether children were born to themTallaugh-te- r called Anna, born March 21; 1820 lived only three years, dying at an age when children are David the third jon was born May 9, 1823. This son is living at the present time and will be alluded to again in thecourss of the sketch of his mother's life. March 15, 1825, another daughter yras torn to'., them and they called her Anna in remembrance of .little Anna who had died, leaving their hearts so stricken with grief. This little one lived justjong enongh to endear herself to all their hearts and then passed away like the fading of a summer flower. ShlTdied August 15, 1832, and September 15 of the same year their second son Sylvanus was stricken down and carried away to the silent grave. He was ofan age to be very useful to his parents and it made a very sad wound in their hearts to part with these two of their dear ones. August 1,1829, another son was born to them whom they named Bartlett, this little one only lived until the next January; so that of the seven children which had been born to them only three were living at the time when the Elders of the Church carried the glad tidings of salvation to them, "the ushering in of a iicw dispensation -It was in the summer of 1834 that the Gospel was carried to the State of Maine, and in July 2, 1834, Mrs. Sessions was baptized der Daniel Bean into the Church of Jesus Saints. They rejoiced in Christ of Latter-dathe glad tidings they had received lba a prophet had been raised up to receive light,knowl-edg- e and revelation, that the people who would r receive it might be fed with the bread of were the testimonies given to them and manifestations inJthe healing of the sick and. the gifts of the Gospel- - The spirit of gathering rested upon them and they began thinking of uniting themselves with the body of the Saints in the centre stake of Zion. They sold their farm, their mill and other interests accumulated during the years they had sp diligently labored together and made every preparation to leave their native state and go to Zion. Many were the obstacles and difficulties that had to be overcome in order to accomplish the object; but they were equal to the occasion and all was arranged and their property disposed of previous to their departure. In 1837 they . Ella Rich, Ajs't Sec. PATTY SESSIONS. most-attractiv- Mrs. Sessions says in her journal, "As soon as my husband's father learned .that we had moved into a new house he came and wanted us to take them (his wife and himself) ta live with us. The old lady was not able to stand on' her feet, but had to be moved in a chair on wheels; she remained with us while she lived, four or five years; during all that time never straightened nor turned herself in bed once. She waa a very large, heavy woman, and I had to : . u J i:n anuj hjovo f t i tuci irum Jin juer .uruuiiu ur wucei room to room. One day I was moving her and my arm slipped from the chair and. caught my elbow between the slats, which pulled the elbow cap out of place. The pain was very, rrrpo.t.1 bii t wh prt mnt h pr" Rfisifil nn.C""askpfTi f h p. had hurt me. I said I guessed not; with help I -- - C.UltU viiV V1U AlKJ iUVll AUA V J W front room where I had a girl sewiVg for me, told her to take hold of my k hand and hold it still,and let me pull back and straighten my arm; she did so and I pushed it into, place, and put ray arm in a sling, in which I had to keep it for 'some weeks. When father came home he wished to know what ailed my arm, I told him rheumatism or something else." TThis little incident shows the fortitude of Mrs. ?Aairms and nls.i" thpTinherpnt trf. nnrl . iiU LI V V CIV 111 O li V IU fV70CtC3tU IUKU1V Ubi IAJ Ol) her qwn arm properly. No doubt she would hrve excelled as a physician and surgeon, had she had the opportunity Qfstudying in the pro ; '' L' fession Xf - '. Another point we must not lose sight of, her noble she would not let the old lady know she was hurt lest it should wound her feelings. If we could always be as thought-- , ful of others what a happy world tkis would ' " ,:,:-vhe.' ' , self-sacrific- e; . ' .. , by-El- y life-Ma- ny - , thtrir' childc for the to Missouri, then the gathering-plac- e Rnints thither the little comnanv iourneved: : the father, the mother, and three children. fi.0 Cao f;j,Mi S ovember 14, sions had "a daughter born t a loo i. iJunng tneir-sta- y tneiron reregnne was -and the young peb-married to Lucina. ; pie had one child born to thera. rlThe eldest . tu -- : i a V . - , "'' They were all driven out of that state during the timeof the Missouri persecution in the coldest weather of winter, in the freezing month of February, leaving every . Windsor Lyon. . . thingJhinjLtAejnahundred "" in those dreadful time3 of mobbings and . driv-- r ary, and ilrs. Sessions carried her little child an ine way sick; mis iiiiie ono was jusi uiteea months olu.jyirs. jessious says sue endured much fatigue, privation and hardship upon that journey,, her little child was sick, she had been driven from her home and subjected to inn i ii f iPiri .t 1 1' v in i im v uii.ri nraruri .hum iiii nanerjseif jhatever against uoa or man,except -- and believed God. - that she was a member of the Mprmon Church in JosepH Smith as a Prophet of :: V After pandering here and there seeking shelter and protection as best they might, they reached Illinois on the 2nd day of April and camped on what is familiarly known to the Saints as Bear Creek, where they remained for one year. . i r-- . ' e. , Continued. . i her-charac-ter, like the children to be Jpreparedwitrrafew songs and recitations, so. that Sister Kimbair could see how they were progressing. Hoped the mothers would all meet with them. Was looking forward to a reunion of all the soeie- ties: Of the Stake when the new tabernacle would be finished. Prayed God to bless them took .tip their line of march, leaving behind n l i ! ii i l tnem the nomeoi tneir cnnqDooa, ine piace so aear to meui otcause it was me iana oi ineir - CORRESPONDENCE. Mesa City, A. T. August 18th, 1884. have I thought I would send you a few notes concerning our home in the J sunny south, and as manjr times has that thief, procrastination, got the better of my good resotimes- Many . - I - " lutions. We do not wish to feel nor to be thought out of the world, if we are a long way off from our northern friends, but -- wish to represent ourselves among the : rest of our brothers and sis- Ambition seems to be a thing of the ters. past, owing to th,e languid' feeling produced by the extreme heat of the past two months; for all that the season has been unusually healthy ': so far. - , Our Relief Society is in a good condition,tho only complaint being they cannot find enough to do. The hi. I. and Primary.-- .Associations " are iscoBtmued during the warm weather. . . Work will soon be reconimenced!on the Relief Society Hall, which is. now up o the square, wide. feet long, by twenty-fiv- e and is sixty-fivThe building, will be ready for occupation early this fall, and will be used for a dancing hall and theatricals, as well as its original U3e as a ffleeting house for the 'several associa-tionsV There is a general complaint of hard times, but no worse here than elsewhere. "' tt-We have just received the news of the massacre of four of our Mormon Elders in Tennes- - . rTBee7which has created a feeling of horror and . consternation in our community. Surely the world is rapidly ripening in iukuity. The fruit is just perfect this season. It is - the verdict of all whoknowVthat they ifever saw finer fruit in California than is grown" here. A company will etart.north in a week or two to attend October Conference, also to do some work in the Temple at St. George. A board of directors has been chosen, and subscriptions obtained for t.he establishment of mercantile institution, which, a e ' " . ( . 