yj A BIRTHDAY TRIBUTE IO ,;,r t "4W rMZA H. SNOW SMITH, ccrcmoniaJjrs'X-- lcu -- rcen .Tea TWA-erauyii is-.-h- - P that hour is as fresh andivid-ait-was-ju- 'st riard and supported a widnwprl mnrW Wl fifteenyeaTOloOf-that- party only two re- crippled sister, arid because her sweet disposi-tioi- i main. an d iminlyformsare aud Uiesniile-gnhecare-wor- n faceTlreiv" "hud to rest beneath the sod in the old church - every heart out to her. She Was happy that while the moon, is just pat yard; and night; her low and moving voice mingling cheerily with .ours, tv HTmy mind's eye-- can see the old tomb.-tone- ., thewith the new ones interwoven, half buried in village, down the esjSuciraugTi lon lane, over the hill where the winter wind" the snow, covered with diamonds, and reflects was keen and chill; and we drew the dear form JnP"o back triP! TYirihti''?" nn)A on T c?r,k nn.l v 7lr-mot ' n J. "1J . .of the one nearest closer and closer to our own, - Miut mine eyes, ana pray - iiod tha4 none of and looked into the pale and lovely face bv our those I love should ever have so sad an experi" . side, made still paler and lovlier by the great silence with a skating party. S. S. very moon, which shed its wealth of rich light '. MISS KUSSELL "iN ARIZONA. upon us all, and upon the leafless tree and the unsheltered and lonely bush near the cross-roaOn! on we went! every heart beating :Dear Sister Wells: v gaily' I promised you to Write before leaving home" every soul full of song and joy, till the old dark whenever J found anything of interest.- - Well, and dismal,, came within view.. mill, And we .stopped at the same place .where we one would be dull and blind indeed to find used .to 'go on summer evtnings when thing worthy of note between here and Salt taking the ftsaithy swim. We drove full on to the Lake City, to me there was so much that the i trouble is where to begin and how to tell it, or cp, s t i n pp;:d (.n our. skates and were soon gliddescribe it best to others. Tha rrnml wUh ing over the smooth" mirror which nature cre-- a " . t es tha t i riir iritn n a in lu. ivanH uul hejai rliea yen- - in ay gee themselves J rellectcfl at that season .even- - when frost reigns rcalizedforlt was just as pleasant as it could ne, not trie slightest accident or anything unsupreme. Oh! we were happy that night! So happy pleasant on the way. In coming through the Truckee County the that the hours seemed but moments, and flew ' by with noiseless tread. Not one thought of immensej)iles of lumber and wood was quite a care entered our bosoms; no one dreamed of sight inTTtself to old Missourians. who are-- at ill partial to wood fires, although deprived pf anything but the. glory of the night and the ' them for a great many years. rapture of the hour. So none saw the bent "The snowsheds and tunnelsiannoyed form that came across .the ice towards us, nor mevery" muclrrastlie robed us of much of the noticetlthat it moved slowly to the spot where grandest I one think would need was known to to snow- where be and scenery, the be, the"spring bound ou the road time a two to or make them pond scarcely ever froze, save only the sheds. There are was when covered film appreciate thin a it of times, lovely little by and a hamlets, ice no one saw the form suddenly bend forcottages fonc, here, there and all ward and then sink; but the wild scream that everywhere, through the Sierras,some looked home-likbthers wild and most and pleasant rang out on the midnight air struck such terdesolate. Coming down what they called blue ror to my heart that I could never forget it, canyon is the grandest sight I ever saw, and were I to live till .the millennium shall dawn" you need to be fascinated by the wild, magnifiupon benighted man. We stopped, breathless, cent beauties of nature there to take your mind ahH listened; but the stillness seemed rather to off the danger, to make you forget the fearful grow from the anxiety with which we hearkenleap the train is liable to take; one was ed, iii hopes of catching the faintest sound.. wrecked thereabout a month before wo came Long, long we listened, but the beating of each so a gentleman on the cars informed us. fond heart that in its terror crept closer .to our At Sacramento we spent several hours; visitown, was the only sound to which the quick and ed the State House, which 13 a very fine buildheed. No one. spoke; all waiting ing, and the grounds around are beautiful, moved silently to the sleigh, and ' saw oranges and lemons growing for the first we started home. The song had - died on our time, also palm and many other trees and lips, the mirth had departed from our hearts, plants new to me. Went down to the river, and we went back past the old church yard, (Sacramento) and found several boats, at the where the tombstones, half buried in the snow, landing, which much reminded me of old Miswere covered with diamonds and nature's souri days. prisms, in which the (bid moon could sec its empe-irabout thirty miles from Maricopa beams reflected with- - lhe iuany colors Station: the road mostlv level. Lost Mondav Taihbbw. And nearer and nearer was drawn a number of us climbed to the top of a peak each slender form, and closer and closer beat or young mountain a short distance north of our hearts in tender unison; and no one obthe settlement, and had a fine view of the surserved the sweet girl who was companionless rounding country. We saw Brother B. Young that night, until she fell against my shoulder going up after we started down, and he was pale and rigid, when her iips closed with a wail much pleased with what he saw, judging from of anguish that resolved itself into the pitying the discourse he gave us that night. word, "Mother." Her pale , face was upturned From the peak you can see a vast country to the moon, and 'seemed ghastly in its whitespread out in every direction; Salt Lake valley ness. lWe chafed her hands and rubbed her could be set down in one corner easilvOne cheeks and temples; but though she breathed ruin, plainly visible from the" mount, has the and sighed, her eye3 never opened silvery fortified appearanceorhavingbeen moon again; her voice no more burst forth in: caJtleTl am anxious to visit it but have not son"-- and when we carried her into the humble had an opportunity yet. ho'me, of whiclrshe had been the life and sup--- The City papers are welcome visitors, and describe shall How that I dead.she was port, help us to forget that we are so far from home. scene? The home was still and deserted by life; I think if this country ha3 tobebuilt up by and the burned hearth, embers the low.upon our people they had better hurry up and exclose beside it, cold and peaceful, aad in the tend the Utah Southern down this way. arms of death, lay the poor, crippled sister. I remain sincerely your friend, But the mother was not there; she had followed S. K. Kussell. Tempe, Jan. 9, 1884. ' Thii-sweet-taee- . - 1 - - t- - taiiu-Uuxjyurut;ywereiUll- -- -- . c , ' ' years, Like a rich golden cord, doth hold Those precious works, whose value are : Only by tougues cclostiaLtQld : at-rar- Peace, joy, attend her path! May tbis day, through returning years, Find every link in friendship's chain Around her in immortal spheres. Augusta JoTCK CuocnERON. e, A SKATING PARTY. There, were nine in our party that night fifteen years ago. Such a party! and such anight! The moon had just past the full, and hovered Not a cloud in the sky; each star shone clear, and in its brightness seemed to stand alone in the blue firmament that arched us over. It was so still, so calm, to cold, and all was so white. The rising moon shiningon the spotless snow was met by a thousand dancing lights, as radiant and lustrous as diamonds while the eye never wearied :'of the brilliant "scene, and the heart drank deep of the holy calm that descended upon us like a mantle of peace. Tiiere were nine in our party that night: lour boys and five girls; and in the happy way of fifteen years ago we went; to the old mill-ponOne of the boys provided the horses, an- other the wagon bed and the hidi hay over the sides, another hunted heaped the bobs or ' up runners, and we all furnished our own rugs and wraps. Just as the moon rose over the tips of a tall elm tree, which stood in front of the . me sweetheart,-wegave one wild ?,n7. Hurrah! which sounded loud and clear as only it can sound on a cold, clondless a- and night, d. 1 way we went-- . It d. -- nia people's greeting comes Throughout xmr land, from o'er the tule From out the hcartsof"TaHhTuT5aTnts ' Kcsponst vc echoes far and w ide. -- m-x- t . people's blessing, then, Upon her well loved name. Yen, bring her this, for well sho knows Her Father gives the same. . her daughter to the pond who the crinme breathed it? la.--t, and the' dav her hndv was found beneatli the'ice'nnar thd8prin.Tc ;tekd v .T.-.i- A low over the eastern hills. T. 1 Could some one wreathe in aong A loftier theme than e'er was enng? Nay, she hath heard harmonies roll Too rapturous sweet for mortal tongue. The cycle of her moment a.:d then subsided into JN ' Kpent. Thousands wbuni she bath mot But once, within a Baered place ' Hold in fcineerest, fondest lo-?Ilememtira'nce of her name and face. ' E to-nig- Then shall we'Lrhigto her A wreath of "fame, her hymns to praise? Nay, this were little, for ber brow So long hath worn tho popt' bay 8. -- JN a- Earth jewels rich and rare' The gift jtil4iaiLits.w44teti!( lief whole life's labors have f (J " Wherein the heart's trn&'iriealiTnT-ies. ' 4 & A O icmMtffM&fr. fceen ; time bath caught away the veilCustom oft weaves aa a disguise, She Letter loves the simplest speech aa ninam our party that night. An (inerc were iL no? was !(i'HaH.y, IJufweUd. not think ;so, lor the sweet' face of no beau tliat nifd Vh?t oflcring shall we brills L? lilting to thin day? . That "ot merely ;: That chill the warmth in TrbatVc'd Bay; N'uy, ix t that nigH 'fifteen "fei7frch,appy the, the years ago, laugh, filled the merry song crispy air, and many a window blind was raised, and many a curious face peered out into the moon-ii- t night in the hope of learning to what merry th94, peasant and we belonged; could see flames bright reflected on the win-pane3 .s the fire on the hearth leape'd high ear-gav- old-fashion- " .. " of-th- e -- -l- to-th- a-Jbrt- ; w e jr: )' 