00 Kane who, Ilonfco wrote, "had been to Grand Island, wlierc lie received a letter from Presided t. You n g j n f or m i ng him that th eLhreth reju- "EatTglvSirup the idea of moving tip thatjway, -go ho though t he would -- return . - There mouud ra-tvicinity, abaut-i- . of s. mile off, Avhich Bro.' Kimball and Col, Kane have no- - iia jt -- he struments and with a variety said it was th 13 country." I remember ' .".."This morning Monday." 10th. some of the people constituting this end of the camp and those immediately ei on gmg lu ru. Kimball's family were called together for the purpose of making arrangements abou t "cutting hay fbrjlievridtJjinrrvld e u a n on g t he" to cut 800 stxTv-f()r men . wheii" "counted, made Vll tons als-estimated 350 head of apiece. .11 There. were pqtHp hnr5, and mules, and 48 eheep. To- day Ave busied ourselves in completing tho fence on this end of tho ' ground and in finishing Col. Kane the bowery. . jevening-verinto camrrlast Grant's tent. take'nrtar.rBro." ill - . otrn cncirna in. cnmft rtf'tlifli m'on cTiAnlrJ . i i.--- morning ana sec wnat couiu iii,President YounV. mv father . - fVirt . jounurioy exam-- ..?. and others rode . " ioe i . i. ' feiPI? 1 that -- many of the incidents mr.ntinnl : entertainment"feSIIy the musical e met-o- l. our at Kana tent1JJLJiaiijtim:-vAvas on the 5th of August, just after pur s were formed in a circle so. as to make an enclosure for horses. J The meeting-jsy- as some- Avhat peculiar. and I being more than weary 3tly. sister-in-lawith the sun that day beating down and not a shade of any kindto screen us from itsscbrch- ing rays; we Avere considerably out of sorts. and Avere just giving expression to some of our thoughts and feelings, in consequence of the - Svag-Jbn- u evening; and the 'Col. expressed a desire entertained us untjii 11 o'clock of charming music. Tho doctor the best music he had heard in V - w e coun- - ahead on ,theJjtljLlcnijLm try to see if they could find some good place to stop, an'd visited some springs a mile ortAvo ' 7" from camp. ; rimnn's and Peck's families, who went- on to unpIeasairtrNcircumstances to Avhich we Avere Horace continue?-;-' "Somo of the bovs the Elk Horn some time ago), came up while ' Awr info fh hffnrr mpntionpd "mnnrul wlitTA , Z subjeCted, thrbaigh the heartlessness of those here." Avho Aslere, allowed to Avrong and On the 14th some of the brethren Avent oppress the they found tho "skeleton form" of an Indian, Avhen these- - trials Aveaketc, and .wondering twpV. apparently having been buried for some time;. j.n(Loncgr ?ej wyrawyig woirld cease or Avhere our lots were to bo cast, thru' fihn fnund with it. nirifp. ft niTrnit.if v n" recommenced digging a well- - .In two days tliey etc. We Avere going onin this strain while in had d u g to t h e dep th of t wenty-- e igh t feet Avith-o- ut beads, brass.. ..trinkets, etc., - whichjtormerly ' 1 1 r t washing the dust from "bur hands and faces ine auorneu ms .person.. kjqi. avaue Jias careThey also commenced finding Avater. preparatory to getting dinner. ..But our confully wrapt up the bones and the cranium, .. building a house for the purpose of storing versation came to a sudden stop, for as I. went away provisions and other thing?, that they to the tent tloor to. dash out some water, who phia. for the inspection of. some professional might have the use of the Avagons to haul hay should I see but a - young stranger standing in friend of his, who is verged iu the science of Avitii, eic. a listening attitude by the side of his carriage, J ne boys reeei vetii? J.vU divided Horace continues: "A council of a number r cramology. . i. ..1 7 which stood hardly a yard aAyay from pur tent? of the Twelve and the authorities of the. ; HFlc oke J uTTaF Father and mother aregainingira pidlyy" r'y"' and I Church"Avarheld:atfarhT;TJsen cheeks crimson as felt ith. A council was held pur eyes met; and I my made a hasty retreat, AAronderin'g who he was in Jjrotlier Jcdediah .(jfrant s tent the men Avere lately appointed etc Twenty-fiv'wa we had naid that he could take adwh and"what we. are to remain ere are. jeinlt was. that to stand on guard night and day to keep th e Ti5 zi iiu ixiuro CTumumua.! cattle out of the Avood-?- that they may .not get vantage ofrlf so disposed. : Neither of uXwere-awa- re piaca, can uu lounH,. and form in a hollow square. N of theCoI.'s ttrrival in camp, and this into the pea vines, which Ave depend upon cona Lmere stripling, being deliTwelve men chosen by the Council as' a yogmanlooked siderably for pur cattle this winter." ' ' committee act for and make arrAiigeaients f. Wcdnejday,, 12th. Cool n'd pleasant-t- he neate in form as well as features. But we soon in behalf of the camp, who are o see executed"" learned Avho he Avas. He cameras it were, like people'collected between this and Brigham's order the the of Council make arrangements an angel of mercy, and one whom the Lord, no camp to receive letters from their friends in for the winter, etc. John Davenport took two doubt,' raised up to act as a mediator in behalf the army. Our camp as well.a3 Brigham's is of a homeless and afllicted people. now completely fenced in." yoke of oxen aud went Lack to the, big p.fingi, " viav-ton.sickness ''and In the trouble of 1858, called the Mormon uui vjimvi. Ltunpiug nmetyitiiei;. jjruLiier He again speaks of Col. Kane's ". . of him sending to Fort LeaVemyorth .after a Rebellion,'' but more correctly "Buchanan's v Still yarm and sultry. Blunder," Col. Kane appeared again as an "Saturday, 8i,h, physician of his acquaintance. On the even' the as were ambassador day wagons arranged contemplalcd. though he was then in feeble ing of the 13th he Avrote: in the "form of a hollov square this bnught health and AVorn doAvn with travel. At the "A meeting 'was called in the centre of the 11t '.111 ancr.a chos-en us luriner on xt conclusion of Governor' Young's remarks in coiHiaeraoie gn'atummu, square, Avhere captains and foremen AA'ere er distance from water. cuttheir council, he said, "rt Friend Thomas, the fur the purpo.se of superintending the and Bro.: Kimball's companies occupy one end - Lord sent you here and He will not let you ting of hay. There were the names of sixteen or entire is die txiq square to day the teams were work done. Bro. cannot K.'s and read or no, otct. you diejtill your companies parties eilfTafPil.-illi.1i i n 1 re i mnlu' K"'" n Ijtuvptv t....v to have your name live to all "eternity. want " 1st I the division father's o 0 0 constituting J companies !L11 whole' lcngtirofour wagons, which we Avorked You haAre done a great work, and you will do of the whole camp of Israel. A report of the at till past eleven o'clock at night, and nearly a greater work still." Afterwards wrhen asked council Avas then read by Bro. Grant, requestTrees it. also were for drawn the completed by Elder Staines why die Avished to be introing the people to turn out annate duced a3 Dr. Osborne, 'he replied, "My dear purpose of building a bower in the' centre of morning, gather in all their cattle, yoke them, the square.. Th-- also intend fencing in tlic lei the'm remain in their yokes until further or friend, I was once treated so kindly at Winter su Avith new cut tijiii ine euiiiy cannot gee outside; ders, meanwhile furnish them Quarters that I am sensitive over its memories. -tiuiiji There was a land) run over by one of bar wagons I knew you to be a gopd people then, but grass; also to sharpen their scythesand axes, since I have heard so many hard things about HI 5 " and hold themselves in readiness to commence . Jt twin unlive iji is the' second time Avithin a week we have be-- n of haying. These orders were car- you, that I thooght I would like, to convince ' indebted to accident for fresh " myself whether or not the people possessed the ' ijduLJhjerie.xtmom -- samp humane and hospitable spirit that I found and confinjogtMit-Cattle- J uudayrlitlir4jrotherKimballlHl -- a nrimto femihnw-ffaniil Jmld to in them once. I thought, if I go to any of held there the in were meetings . ''Sunday a of numoer others however.- attended. Avobds about a mile and a half from camp. mg, my great friends of Winter Quarters, they-wil- l Brother Jumball spoke at some length, and Porter arrived this evening after an absence of treat me a3 Thomas L. Kane, Avitha re- was followed by father and Jcdediah 31. Urant. ten days from Nauvoo. membrance of some services which I may have , four or fi ve mon ths rendered them. So I requested to be sent to lie Avas lately liberated at Galena, uojme apTr..CE.i-W- ' administered and the meeting dismissed. Council meeting " some stranger's house as 'Dr. Osborne,' that I pearing against him. He brought my Avaleh Avas htiu.aud Brigham gpoke at Avhicli Avith took Avhen him to he 'eomojength Mormon people would get repaired might knoAV how-th- e twelve the avIio men were chosen to concerning he la.3t left us.- Brought also a number of "Eatreat a stranger at such a moment as this, with- - -form a Church Council,and Avere taact as city out knowing whether might not turn out to gles" issued July 31st, and letters. council, also High Council tathej,Chureh: FaIn the paper is announced the death of its late be either an enemy or a spy. And now, Mr. ther Cutler Avas appointed president thereof by editor, Dr. Win. E. 3Iatlock, of, whom the Staines, I want to know if you could have ' a unanimous vote; Samuel Russell, clerk; arfd treated Thomas L. Kane better than you have, obituary article speaks in the highest and moet Horace- 8. Eldridge,. marshal. President terms." treated Dr. Osborne?" praiseworthy V Young. named our place "Cutler's Park," Tho 17. "And three others and not." he could Myself ; 'Monday, "No, Col.," replied, "I clerk then read a letter written to President-' in digging' the well;' but yet no water. added" Dr. Osborne, "I have engaged thus, ::' Polk vote unanimous for it. to be sent the Avho The for was sent , physician proATed that the Mormons will treat the stranby ot in a Col. avsis expediency remaining Kane arrived from Leavenworth this af--, large camp ger in Salt Lake City, a3 they once did Thomspoken of as affording ies3 chancii.for.thc- naternooh in company with 3Ir. Fleming, Avho as L. Kane at Winter Quarters." tives to rob and plunder from us also the prolives at the village below. The doctor said that priety of securing tho permission of the Lam-enit- c iii patient Avas .recovering' rapidly.- The two "The old town of IpsAvich, Mass., of which chief before cutting their timber. Col. gentlemen came to my tent this evening, when Gail Hamilton is a native, celebrated its 200th K&dc is niiitc tick and mnvtd a little nn. we cent Tor Src Wm. pittJacca Hu tchinsori of foundation on Auj. 10, anduwJ EmlthcKi vkj- brought t'hslr in- Haiallt'sa red r tota on. that occrfoBi y- -- w-a-- s indeed-j-he-wa- . " -- ; to-da- v :. - 1 : 1 . 1 T g . - 1 . ' - . -- ; - .. - -- "i-nda- to-da- -- y e -- , ' . -- ' . , 1 - - . . i i l -- y ; 1 1 the--AA'or- mc-at.- " i Vyl . - J - , . , - " - " J ' - my-friend,- - wd-Jam'- Ci " 