W LINENS ON GATHERING SOME MARCH VIOLETS. Molets dim, . 'T1:: , ' But Bwtcter than the lida of Juno's eyes, Or Cjthere'i reath.M--.WISTT!;Tlr.- Sweet firstHnga of the c&rty epriug; Sad, thoughts and strange to me you bring', Yet yon speak of happy hours, n : When hopes were bright and times were And life seemed' but a laughing May, JTlu.w6ild a-- wor! d o f fl owertv bjtil i- ear-jewe- . i- - lh7J . m ls ar-rinr- 1 . . - r. - e . . Sweet flow'rs, whose hue cerulean vies With the deep hue of seraph-eye- s That gaze upon the bowers Where hope and Joy eternanioom And fararonnd Is ehed perfume From everlasting flowers, Sad thoughts and strange to me you bring, Blest firstlings of the dawning spring. gs " A. P. Family Herald. TO THE GIRLS. If I may be permitted to do so I would like through the medium-o- f our valuable paper, to gay a lew words to the daughters, my Bisters, in -- ; UvMn'Ji ear-ring- 1 : Zion. . . tb,""-"- " . Aloteof the beau-- ; tiful and ornamental is natural to most women, and it is right they should make themselves 'can Be- done with- - ' T,n fte"l.t.Min-Vmnnv iwrnio for us to tlelace' or change in any way the work promptings of Satan, cry but to us of "danger of our Creator in the liuman system. AVe cannot in any way make betterwhat He has form- iiiguien us, so inat, we may fall from that rock upon which our kind FatW tins ?n Hi a mercy so Uriah placed iiaaiKl--t1IflIt is. laJjaarnebilyliopedT the many .notrarsilly children, be tprrmtp.d reform-in-dr- ess customs and fqr that "plans -- na "rock Of Safet V" fn ru a acii n i have been given our young may be improved der every tie that binds us to the outside world Al upon in Zion until there may not be one founds .mac we may be entirely free from it. who bears the impress of the style of Babylon. No W WC know that our Fn.fW i A when He sees His. daughtersthe "fair ones of jbraei, upon whom he has bestowed such ten- der care and nnnn wlinm TTo 1q1;v.4o THE BUTTER QUESTION. tow His most choico blessingsraping the fashions and following the customs of heathen Christendom, and oneof the man v fnnlUh nnp ' As President Cannonav speaking of borne of the latter is the borinor nle.rrinp nfuC 7"indasry,rahd alluding to imported butter, htar forlKepurpose of suspending an thoughts came to my mind how could the evil be avoided. There is but little good butter to v uiuu aucieut ana, neainenisn custom, ku' is to be tt be obtained, so scarce that when you find it the regretted, has not yet been laid aside" or the women of Zion, The prophet Dy many .price is 40ets. a pviund, and the rancid kind Isaiah in . mentioning the ahominon fnr generally 35 cts. Tithing butter can b3 bought which the daughters of Zion should be con-- ; at 25cts., the standard price all the year round, demned by the Lord numbers andhthis uapOund.of Jbu t ter i s - worth, as among them the ' jsal and-sa- vs or- UT ""there is a very little of it, and does not go far tirUK will take them away with a sore cursinsr. in a family to eat, and if ucces.sitated to render Lord, . . rr XT' , . .1 i . we it down for shortening the "waste is several iow Know mat lie cannot look with pleasure on the act of wilfullv mutilating our bod ounces. If we have to take thw article into ies in this manner. Therefore I cannot see how feur stomach on bread or in pastry it engenders disease willmo-lcan excuse and is not fit to fred to pigs. Very litthemselves who parents home-madallow their daughters to inflict upon their bodtle lard can be bought, hone at all ies this injustice. The extreme folly-- of in summer. And this state of things may be this custom was firt impressed unon mv mind bv a the case'as long as Tom, Dick and Harry make the'butter. If .Uie tithing milk could be gath--ere- d saying of a very wise girl a few years ago? When she was thirteen years old her father : by milkmen and churned at a factory and . beautiful a ear-rinbirth-of as a bought kept in an ice house until carried tamarkety-w- e pair would have a good article; it could be kept uaygiit lor her; when he presented them to her she took them and said: "Oh, pa! how I sweet and made healthy. There should be noshould love to wear these J)eautiful things be thing k ept in a mil kroom bu t th e m ilk." I was cause they are a gift from you; but you see l raised in one of the' United States; my father had but one cow, which gave-twel- ve cannot unless I might be allowed to wear them quarts at fastened to string's tied round mv ears, for a milking. The milk house was built away there are no holes in my ears for them vou see." from the dwelling over wet soil, shelves on one Y side and green shutters onthe shady side to ny, my cbiid," said her father, "are you not let in. plenty of freh air, no glass winrlowsas" braye enough to have your ears nierced for them?" "No." she said. "I should not like to they draw the heat (grape or hop vines to run have holes put in my ears unless I knew .they over it). These shutters could be closed or would prow ur again before I die:'' and I don't opened with a strong cord. Nothing was kept v in this place but tho milk. The fresh air would think thev would do that." In answer to her raiso very thick cream and mako the sweetest father's question as to why she would not like of butter. The butter which wa.s made from to have holes in her ears when she diedshe cow supplied a largo family, besides many this when our bodies are resurrected, they said, "If are mst as they were when we laid them down, pounds being laid down in the month of May for the coming winter, and would be as sweet. I, if I have holes in mv ears when I am bur- when brought j)nibeJ1ablSJwlieri-churne(.- will also have' them there when I am res ied, Bad butter i3 a great, loss to the community. urrected; and if our Father should ask mo there why I had this, mark or brand on mv Cajhisjbe- r should be so ashamed to confess to Him . ears, 'Here7Fnglish salt is used, and evCry plan has been tried to keep it, sweet, but to no avail, that I had it put there for the purpose of is so much mineral in the soil, the air and there wearinir an ear-rinand na. I think He would salt. Butter exposed to the air, or even a blame me for defacing the body which He gave warm temerature, becomes jrancid. Add a litme. 1 think it the Lord whed me to wear tle salt to the cream when churning, salt tho ear-rinHe would have ,put holes in my ears water a little to wash it in, add a little sugar for that purpose." .. The father was convinced salt petre, well pulverized with the salt, mix it and acknowledged the correctness of his little wrell through, let it stand in a cool place, then daughter's judgment. A present of a book the second time press out all that remain.s of was substituted iu place of the and T the butter milk. Thi3 butter packed into an at this time the little girl, now a woman grown, oak is still a firm advocate of those nrinr.inlp.s keg or barrel and placed in an ice house would keep; the larger the quantity pressed to-twhich animated her when a child to stand to ' better as the air is excluded; when you truth and reason. add a layer sprinkle salt between. The shores NI think if the narents of the children of the of Bear Lake would be a good location, plenty Latter-da- v Saints would think seriously unon of ice, plenty of rock. this 8ubiect they would endeavor to diisiiade factories would make labor, fat pigs, their daughters from following this long time a! and good butter for the market Farmers j; iin "jiims man:.t:i.ifl iL.:L cusiom oi muuiauug meir loouies would like to send one or two cows to a good ner, for believe moX the time will come when factory to. make their butter on . shares. If every woman who carries this mark in her ear 3 milk i3 kept in a room where bad air is, its nawill ba ashamed to confess that it is the brand ture is to be impregnated with it, and many a aho wing to what extent she wa subject to the pound of butter is made from foul cream. pride and vanity that was upon the earth while -- HG-rflnff- When, yet by sorrow undefiled," gatiuyred youl a tnerryhlld." But, as I gaze npon you now, "With sinking heart and clouded brow, Tour charms are all unnoted; . I fondly deemed your witching spell Would make me love what once so well I IoTed with love devoted; My hope was, through your magic art, Sad care would from my soul depart. Vain hope! Arid yet the fault Is mine. i'low'rs bloom and stars as brightly shine As when I was a boy; Tia I myself alone hare changed, 'Tis I have from my soul estranged The things I could enjoy, Ere, at the world's vile altar kneeling. I sacrificed each purer feeling. They pay who pass their later youth Iu vain and worldly strife, x Who lose la hopo of honor's prize, The happiness that only lies In peaceful, stilly life To that prefer the stormy deep : Whcro 'wild'ring tempests ever sweep. she was tabernacled there.- - T JL price, i 187 -- '" teris-tb- e '3 ' EX P O NENT, to go aAer them in their ways at all; thu3 indi- cauug mac ue will appoint the way of Hi3 people in everything. the Ivord. .and ' A N . NOW the WOrld Woilld hnvf ita koKoxrn ihot urn is servility to be; ltated ;by .theToice i)f Il n-t- ru OMA . ' The Lord has stirctly commanded His people to follow iiim, and lie has from time to Ume xdeliveredHis will and given His commands to them through His servants, and at .no time have those who have been faithful in keeping inese commandments ianea to receive ills promised blessings. He' has called upon His people to come out from Babylon and throw off her yoke by ridding themselves of her foolish : customs and cviL ways. By adhering to these commands the Saintsxhave .become a blessed people, one that the whole world envy because oi tneir Diessmgs; tney are envied and bated because of the strength and unity which their lives of meekness, humbleness and purity have given .them. The expressed will and desire of our Heavenly Father is, that the daughters of . Zion shall live lives of purity and virtue; and that they shall have the fear of God continu? ally in their hearts, that thereby they may cul tivate a love for those principles by which they are to be the honored instruments in helping to redeem the world from the awful Bin that has emanated from Babylon and is oppressing their kind, and holding virtue and innocence as in a chain of iron. The love that God bears the daughters of Zion, and the dislike He has for the abominations of Babylon is manifest in this, that He commands the former to not pat tern after the latter in any way; tells them not A -- - ! .. . r: zs ear-ring- s, he -- - - - - NX 