WOM AN 'S TO MRS. EMIIiYrSCOTT; r may never Impart; There are hopes, that may bless like a tender carees, . That erer entwine 'round the heart. lanjoaa ; tiueaKingiy. " Well, Bess, what should I" have done? he was on the ticket; it was not my doing altogether. I don't approve of Isaacs way of. do ling at an, you knowlsaidlJilrDyle7 warmly. at the Primary meeting when the tickefwas made," she said sententiously. Wejnust search with a heart and a will. It Is not that a strife for the comforts of life Oar hopes and our energies chill, It la not that we're sighed for a love that's denied, A friend that would cherish us still. Bat the spirit may yearn, for a light that will burn,. A goal that we never may win; . While we loose from our clasp, what wo gladly would " ' ' " grasp, And end where the task should begin. If around us may shine, round our hearts to entwine The tendrils of love and esteem, Then the bosom would glow with affection, to know That life has not gone like a dream. - " - .. ' - J forth to the weak ones of earth, To raise the and oppressed, To comfort the sad, or to make the heart glad, We should foel that our labors were blessed. voice; could go down-tro- d If a gift that we hold is more precious than gold, And we joy in alove that's divine, Tis a boon we wonld ask, in its favors to bask, Where the light of Its genius may shine. And how often a friend true assistance may lend, The weary and faint to uphold; v For a word of true love, comes like balm from above, And light to our vision unfolds. Though feeble the light that Is shining r will VrtM in ,t.o T.ilr !. to tn.-r And point to the star that is shining afar, Guiding to God and to heaven. to-nigh- t, - - . BUCKEYES. WHICH OF THE TWO SHALL VOTE? "Well, Bess, I've been at the convention all day, and I think we've made a ticket that will sun me people, uur man irom nere got a good showing," said Harry Dyle, as he put on his slippers and dressing gown "and seated himself comfortably in hi3 arm chair. "Ah, whom do you mean as the man from here? I am glad of a good ticket," said his wife pleasantly. "Isaac S tive." "Isaac S was nominated for representa7 Harry Dyle, you did not ouicajt iiuuimaio uiui ; stuu liifa. uyio Wllfl intense scorn. "Of course we did, and he will make a good 1 . run, too," her husband replied, lighting a cigar. "O, constancy, thou art a jewel," said Mrs. Dyle, "I think he would make a good run, and the rest of you men should follow after with a . .1 i uup, sjtip auu jump. "What the deuce is the matter?" her husband asked, half provoked. "If I remember tightly, Harry, a few weeks ago you were for cleaning out the Mormons," root and branch, because of their polygamy; and you help nominate for representative a man who, right here in Ohio, practices polygamy, or the next thing to it." Mrs. Dyle was becoming earnest. "His personal or domestic affairs have nothing to do with him as a politician," said : to-da- y Harrvfl lift! A pmhrrftiapn M Whut anything going on here iixious to chanee the subiect. to-day- ?" in fh nowa he asked, as if "Yes; I was; but I did not care to say any- thing against a man chosen " "Well, I should have done so," Mrs. Dyle said. "I should have said out plainly, gentle-kethe man who is to represent us before the people of Ohio must be uprignt, pure, honest. This man is not, and I will not support him. A manTwho is not true to his jdfe.wilL-not-be-tru- e to any "one; a man who is a sneak in domestic life will sell hi3 birthright for a mes3 of Dot- tage, whether that birthright be his party or his state, and I object to such a representative. That i3 what you should have said." "Oh, Bess, you draw it too fine; we can't stop these evils, so what's the use of being so conscientious?" He picked up a paper to read. "Harry, you said the other day that an army, cleanthose Mormons out. You would spend thousands of dollars and thousands of lives to clean out Mormonism polygamyvin Utah, while a small root of the stock is neurished and encouraged to' crow n, To grasp what we cannot attain; And sigh for the light that Is shining so bright, Ere we sink to our slumbers again. If the T; - LJkotAJillaathtVcompIetef t9 EN - There are joya that ha Ye birth mid the flowers of earth,- J9.dJ-??eO- PON "Nothing only I lost1 something something I prized, too," Mrs. Dvle answered, turn ing aside her face that her husband should not see her smile. 1 ou you lost something? Not your watch was excited. - . juui.ft ruarry i nr .1 saiui ' sne, "i lost confidence in my husband as an upright, constant man. He en done ipjigiynemiis-tmng"whupholds the same thing if done" There ara thoughts, undefined, that ariso to tha mind That :E X -- should-bo-gentrto right here." "Oh, Bess, you talk just like a woman; they never talk with any sense on political subjects; let's change the subject before we both get anwill make a good enough gry. Isaac S representative; will get the party's votes ou election day and wUl help to carry through any measures proposed by the party," said Mr , Dyle loftily. "Your party has prohibition for one plank in its platform will your representative insist on it being carried out? Harry, if I am a woman, I have thought and read much on political subjects, and I tell you, without wishing, to give offence, that had I the privilege of attending and assisting at these political primaries I should use my influence for the perfecting of our own laws, and their enforcement at home, . and not trouble myself about something away off in Utah until I could positively know whether it is evil or not Cast - out first the beam out of thine own eye, and then shalt thou see is in thy clearly to pull out the ' mote that " '" brother's eye."-Her husband was soundly asleep. So she picked up the evening paper whin dropped from his' hands, and read over the report of the proceediugs of the morning session of the convention. Emily Scott. . -- - ; THE SIXTEENTH ANNUAL INGTON CONVENTION WASH- respective States; and all persons interested in the enfranchisement of women, are invited to attend the convention and participate in its de liberations. iimong me sptaKer3 invitea to be present are Isabella Beeeher MatildaJi .Hooker,ri5lyinpmro 3lary B. Clay, Sal lie Clay Bennett (of Ken- - Boynton Harbert and Helen M, Gougar.-Th- e principal object of this Association.. J1U1" iifjianizaiionna3--oeennoecurto tue "women of the several States and Territories "national protection in the Citizens Right to Vote, through a Sixteenth Amendment to the Na" tional Constitution. : The favorable reports of the Special Committees in both Houses of the 47th Congress, lead us to hope, from the 48th, the final passage of the resolution now pending for the submissipn to the several Stale Legislatures of a proposition to so amend the Nalbqal e Consti--tution7tharirw- prohibiFthe disfranchise- ment of United States citizens on account of sex. The satisfactory results of unrestricted Suffrage for Women in -- Wyoming Territory, of School Suffrage in twelve States in the Union, of Municipal and School Suffracre in England and Scotland, of both Municipal and Parliamentary Suffrage in the Isle of Man, with the recent triumph the constant agitation of the Suffrage nnp.h'nn in this country, and in England, and the. demands that women are everywhere making for lnrcrpr liberties, are mofct encouraging signs of the times, and make this the supreme hour for all who are interested in the enfranchisement of. women to dedicate their time and their money to the success of. this movement, and by their generous contributions to strengthen those up on whom, rests the responsibility of carrying forward this beneficient reform. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, President, Susan B. Anthony, Vice-Presat large, Riggs House, Washington, D. C. iuay v right DEWALL, vti. Uommittee, 405 N. Pennsylvania St.. Indiananolia. Tnd. Jane H. Spoffoed, Treasurer, Riggs House, Washington, D. C. . t. MISCELLANEOUS. "It is understood- - that the reduction of the public debt in January will amount to $11,800, 000.". "The Russian Government has banished no less than 165,000 persons to Siberia during the past ten years." "The Woman's Journal will henceforth num ber among its occasional contributors Louisa M, Alcott, Mary F. Eastman and Flizabeth Stuart Phelps." " Miss Fannie Bloomfield is a Chicago girl . who recently made a musical debut at Venice as a pianist of extraordinary ability." - OF THE NATIONAL WOMAN SUFFRAGE ASSOCIATION Will be held in Lincoln Hall, Washington, D. C, March 4th, 5th and 6th, 1884. Public sessions will be held at 2 and 7:30 p.m. on each of these days, and Executive Sessions, open only to officers and members of the Association, . will be held daily at 10:30 a.m. . e Societies SUtndLocal-Suffragare All earnestly requested to send delegates with carefully prepared reports of work done, and results achieved, during the year 1883 in their iiI "Will somebody tell us if there is a chaos of-socks and button-- , unrocked cradles, undarned less shirts in Washington Territory now that the women vote?" "Miss Anthony's address will be. hereafter. Riggs House, Washington, D. C." Her sister, who has heretofore kept the Rochester home, will spend the winter in Washington." "Falsehood is in a hurry; it may at any moment be detected and punished; truth is calm, serene; its judgment is on high; its King com-et- h out of the chambers of eternity. Dr Joseph Parler." - ; - 