OMAN'S EX PO N W be mi lingir jJad hs Naurcwlofcrtene with berj juid they 1S41; gather m ;tjasela tiie 'after the mtlsesJ thtr until martyrdom of the Profhst Jjwpb Smith and hia brolher Hjrrc when they returned to B,tcn, anil remalniU In ca m to tnia . thit dly antlilS49, wliea they Valley, Ixa ting flni on th corner after warda known as the American; Hotel Corner;- the y earlier they remove J to the Twelfth Ward, where they b3ta redjel during the remainder cf their lives. Mr. Bayers passed away July 17, 1861, being in his slxtle th year. Ml3 ,, Voe or Aunt " Polly as the was familiarly called came to Utah in 1S37. Mm. iBayara traveled to Boston the year previous for the purpose of bringing her aged relative bck with her. Aunt Polly died D c ember 0t 18&3, being then eighty-siyears old. She was the only btooJ relttiveof Slater Sayera that joined the Church. She had one brother only, no sister; this brother, who was her pride, and of. whom she was de voted iy fond, was killed by a b nd of Semloole Indians, led by a"chiel under the celtbrated Bemfnole chief "Wild Cat" on the 15th day of June, 1839, eleven miles from St. Augustine, 8tate of Flori da. Two other men were killed at the same tim e, one named Miller," a traveler like Mr. Vose, the other man was a resident of St. Au gusune. iney were ouriej on me roiio wing Sunday in the St. Augustine Cametery . Mr. T. A. Lyne. the veteran actor now residing in Salt Like City, waa there at the time with a thea- tricil company and assisted in the burial of the bjdiee. Sitter Sayera has remained a widow since the death of her hutbind in 186 1, and has lived a .flheUaajvh, v? reiri - 5r thj i' - -- T. K N 'God,' and for a fw uilnutes iuut have bat eight . V-'-" ) n't altogetherof the Mrs. M. A E Watmough ipoke feelingly- prf - up-onJ- he Jiscjtf chll JrD; and pointed out Mrs. Ei B. Wells spoke a fewjuinutes, urged: the sisters to attend to the duty of registering and voting, and use their influence with nelh-bor- a and friends, alto a kid them to pay in the memberships due to the Hospital. Mrs. 'Home made closing remarks and alluded to the gift of faith, the healing of the elok, and gave much good, practical instruction to mothers abaut the care of Jit tie children. Singing, "Lord, d'smies us with Thy bless-lng.- v Benediction y Mrs. L'.llie Freeze. T x Soj-kooch- e, ; as a. woman wcrlby to Declassed among the ble daughters of earth, almpU in hoi no-- , aa tUi faithful 'habits, honest, liberal, kind and just, and true, she passed calmly to her rest on the morning of (he 18th of August, 1884, in the .": ashes. . a m t xne lunerai services over ner remains were held (by her request) in her own house, where a few of her most cherished friends were assembled, on the following day, August 19. She did not wish to be kept after ber death any longer than was absolutely naceasary. Bishop H. B. Clawson conducted the services, the speakers were those who bad known her intimatelv. and they spoke eloquently of her' unbounded faith and her perfect trust in the Gospel she had embraced and for the sake of which she had left home, friends. and kindred forever. In the Salt Lake City Cematery can be aaen three plain stone fhbs, side by side, bearing the following inscriptions f ber own choice). Edward Bayers, Mary Vose, Ruth D. V. Sayera. - r Elija, Cassia Co., Idaho. Editok" Exponent: e : v'-r-.:- ; "children would Ju'y, 1333, Bishop Hamilton and other brethren, frcm Gjose tenia Haight Creek paid us a visit. They organized a Relief Society, and the following officers were elected by unanimous voU: Mrs. Elizabeth Taylor, President; Mrs. Mary Aon Oaterhout and Mrs. Margaret Rice, Counselor?; Mrs.. Clarinda Bee cher, Seer eta Mrs. Nettie Parrlah, Aest. Secretary; aad Mrs. L)ui Leasey, Treasurer. We hold Our meetings every two weeks, although we are scattered we have a good attendance at meeting. We are ail new beginners and are trying to do all the good we can, as there is much to be done by women in our day whiarereadylnd willing to do 1 and to'Iive ... r; he-di- d for the truth. We think the Woman's. Expobe interesting in our meetings. We will nent would be plenewi to hTe any of our sisters pay us a visit and encourage us in our work. Wishing you success, I remain your sister in the G 33 pel, Nettie Par nisii. PARIS, IDAHO. Editor Exponent: SENIOR RETREKCUMEN r Editor Exponent: y ; I take pleasure in giving you an account of MEETING. The ladies' regular meeting was held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms on Saturday, Sept. 6, commencing at 2 p.m., Mrs. M. Isabella Home presiding. After sing lng prayer was offered by Mrs. Mary Fret ze, then singing again; the minutes of previous meeting were read and accepted, and minutes of Y. L. M. I. A. of the Eleventh Ward were read. Mrs. Home made a few remarkp, and was fol lowed by Mrs. B. W. Smith, Mrs. tt. M. Kimball and Mrs. Mary A. Freeza. Sister Home requested the sisters in the audience to occupy the time, and several "of them spoke. Mrs. Susin K. Greene made quite an eloquent appear to the sisters, which seemed to have a telling effect upon all who heard it. She had apparently quite a remarkable outpouring of the Spirit of semi-monthl- P. A. REPORTS. fe RICHMOND. : pjojitejjvj them out in life; hoped we would increase iu good works, that the Lord would bless us in so X doing. Sister Hdwafd was pleased with all, hoped the children would pay attention when spoken to; wished all the children to help with the singing, and to be faithful in all that they undertook to do. Made many other good remarks. Bishop Hamilton wai , much eratified in meeting so many, and wa3 delighted with the proceedings of the-d- ay. Spoke of the many the childfen privileges enjoyed now,; which not when he was a boy; gave the children some good instructions. , F. Snedaker was pleased with Counselor J. what he had seen and heard; was glad to sec, the children take so much interest; made other good remarks and prayed the Lord to bless all. Singing. Benediction by Bro. N. Bawden. Matilda" Ford, Secretary, A. Winder, Ass't. Sec." Oa the 2iat of R S., Y. L. M. I. A. - m 0 . ETTER. Meeting was called to order by Pret. President of the fourth district Sitiging. Prayer by Bishop IlamLltoa" Sing, ing. After which each district read the respec- tive reports, also their programmes, which were : responded to very pro'mptl?. There-werfour districts; two of them recited in the morning d two n thdaftenoonThe exercises co- n" 8isted of gongs, recitations, eelectreadings, dia-logues, etc. Sisters K. C. Clawson, L. A. Wells, and E. Howard, from Salt Lake City, ":were present. Sister Clawson said she was pleased with the. programme, and wished them always to remember good order, that being the first law of heaven, and always Jo' obey those who had authority over, them, Gavo them many other '. gooj instructions. y Sister Wells said she was pleased to be with u.-and thought there were good instructions in every recitation that had been given. Said the year of her agev Peace to her seventy-sevent- h 4 1 lou?e. M. A. Birch, a meeting held here by the Primary Asaocia-- . tion of this ward, at. which Sisters Preaendia L. Kimball and Zina D. Young were present. The house was Veil filled with children and their parents. The first part of the meeting was occupied by the children;'; After the programme had been carried out the sisters addressed the children, giving them wise counsel and good instruction in simple language which they ' could understand. It pleased them when they . were told - that these ' sisters were wives of the Prophet Joseph Smithinhis lifetime. Both-h-ad the Spirit of God with them, and all enjoyed the influence of the same. The late Bro. A. C. Brower was present and spoke well, it being the last meeting he attended here. The day was one never to be forgotten by the Saints in Richmond. ZZl- I trust that we may have many more of the same kind, and that these noble sisters may live to attend many Primaries, will where'they impart to the youth of Zion the principles of ' the everlasting Gospel. . Wishing you success in your labors for the ' 1 Exponent, remain, Your sister in the Gospel, : ; Maggie W. Thompson. . -- : . August 18, 1884. - -- - MILL CREEK WARD. Some few weeks fiince we were favored with from our beloved sister, Presendia L.. visit a Kimball. A meeting of the Relief Society " was called, and some excellent instructions were imparted. Synopsis of the minutes of the meeting held July 25th, 1884. After the opening exercises President Julia Lindsay and her counselor, Elizabeth Collins, made a fev remarks in a very humble and appreciative spirit, praying the Spirit to be with us to help us onward, that we might be fitted for our lives here and hereafter, after which Sister Presendia L. Kim-Bawas introduced to the sisters. Said she felt pleased to meet with the Relief Society in Pari3 once more; told us dbehad been in, - the Church forty-eigyears, and would not give her experience for all the gold on the earth, "Joseph Smith stands, at the head of this dispensation and will be the first to be resurrected," Spoke upon the principle of plural marriage, exhorted the sisters to be kind and charitable. Her calling had been to sick and lay out the help the poor, attend-t- he Tdead; she had been among the richest and the" poorest of the Saints. Regretted not having Lept a history oY her experience-Sh- e enjoyed fn the seemed as though working Temple, it of halo of the and a were there, spirits good ' love, and comfort filled the Temple. Sister Kimball 'said the Relief Society was fi3t organized by Joseph Smith through a revelation from God. His wife Emma wa3 chosen President. Emma was good to the poor, and had many good qualities, and still she was suf-fered to go astray, the speaker knew not why, unless it was because she was of Judah, and it was not time for that people to accept the Gospel. Joseph was of Ephraim. Exhorted the sisters not to speak evil of one another; should ll r - ht . . The Fourth Annual Primary Meetine- was beld May 23rd, 1884, in the Mm Creek Ward . v - . 