Clan' h cf do vorthy. the ciu?c La", rather baa tepcued, vr untrtie to bir iniVgtiCjy k i Laiit-i-VT: y Sa'iii. u Hl l c paiud iy hi wjihI AuJ, Hf.cr.t.l.', )ionor; or plory' i!! it bMony Knfosr fi STViid-- I iiuiitEiiTr"litrni.l. VVSItney at- Undo i the Quarterly Conference of tho Relief Boclty of Divis Bt&kc, held kt Eaat Bountiful, or. d.thatrcye fESiSLKLUSil if. WELLS, - in J'auisiuxT KM. XXI lit; WULJr Uliv sk JOtl ,Jf jESr. fS&lt d X'tTcf riali Tritc?, man oiriK&FeJcraT Thy kiow vey $1.0 well, tb&t;''1pj. coi5cientiouIr, mtrtltd it ' trusting in di vine Zirn1ta-w.i- Address all business communications-tdX; .Publisher Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. - h s Ljtfa-Bpence- a o .be rtiidaudoubt eouFir tc iFoIcnmobiig itiai hfWrf-- ' . 8 ALT LAKE CITY, NOVEMBER i W-ha-l Lake City, Utah Ten opicg for the price of nine,' Advertising rateir Each s u are, ten lines, of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: par month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to ' regular advertisers. Exponent Office, in brick building north of 7.. C. M. I., liast Temple Street. ', Business hours from 10 a. m. to ? coii--viction- UUU WU'Jf DiA IU V". VV, y po wer, and for' in fi Ig El. ""Tb ei is u 0 im-taiiijiijt-ii- ulu prayi.-i- g doubt a time VyiU cjmo when mtn will lint! tht there aro giaver aad. naro friou dittbukicn to adjust than tha .faza'dy relations .of thy "Mormons," But f r the present they gracariilly submit to the powerq that be, ever hoping e anticipating the good, time oaiingrwhen t: bo 6hi meied oui sll, and thii l;Mcr. raohs" ill- Lave an rany rights allowed thvra as dtbercit:zsn5nftlitrei5!. ciiinTSmfiaTnu -- . TBE LATEST SENSATION. fc 1 The daily papers . jnake-thelrcolam- ' - havjJjlftiJ5-0attractive. arj'J the tele. - ns graph operators have had a good supply of regular messages to trans rait' over tho wires. Judges, lawyers, pro3Cutingattorneys, mar ehalis and their deputies, have all bsen exces. sively busy; indeed it was the general remark cn the street, when cno root a Irienoy "Have you been served with a Hubroena?'' The trial waa fraught with, tha tJaupaat itxtar. noi omy 10 me immediate rrienaa ana perei, sonal acquaintances of thb dependent, but to the and the anxiety has nnfc Irftettmar? in rtjrsrr! i fhw The lawyers employed for the defendant made eome very able tpse'ehes, and If these are imu uji. iu ycupiss jjuucrajjy iury win get a more correct Idea of the true status of the rights ana privileges tnat arecto ce observed in mil cases, and cf the juatica tax which every individual person is entitled. We should be glad to publish the speeches cf Lawyer Bennett and the Hon. F. 8. Richards, but our Olumns are not sufficient, but we alviee all the ladies, who have not read them to reacMhem cuerujjy. Our : sisters should take care to Inform tfcehiselve3 in regard to public matter-?- tho transactions of ma. jimi v?hii uuuiifc.9 lub emnaniieiimr Tl g f O ci iur having the franchise know something of the government, its executive and judicial power and authority, and not be deceived aa to the extent of power an office? holds. As, for instarce, , . A. Latter-dayairitsgcneraliy- 1 A. " T 1 A. "NOV EMBEIt 3 ifc not Young men and women should a but a only duty, pkasure to o to (be poll 3' &nd vote, for it is for. ihexa and their intt .'crt- -, more than for their fa thePd &nd rnothci t; at well" fr.r tWin-if'-thethey should be valiant. It hava had the litci-sar- y iartructiofi and cr-Ssld- . nif V iu ueaitv cumemps thiDgs. &j court : ia . lieiony ana eJmi-la- r young man born and ralaed in this community, exemplary in his arid conduct, moral in every respect, notwithstanding a!L tho cruel and wicked aspersions cast upon hlna because hu llinvPT ir plural marriage, and has conscientiously ac- ncepted It practically. He is a devoted Latter-da- y Saint, and has leen from hii boyhooJ up. He proved his valor for the truth when in Georgia at the timo Eider Btacding was shot uuwu U.1U0 iuwf uu ub no uouoi accepts tne BaviorJs words in their full meaning, "Fear not him who can kill tho body, bat fear him who can csst both eoul andbdy into he!l." Gid will watch over hi people coutlnually, and will deliver them from the hands of the wicked and ungodly, although some may havo to Buffer from tho oppression of their 'enemies, yet will He m&ke the wrath of man to praise him, even as He hath said to it shall be. ivudgbt-uiaweo- li-'- e is . E ' I 1 . . ( A. 1 ; 1 m t'i-tu- 1 . 1 L d lbvcrs f.nd gaily colored Autumn leaves, little Carol itiQ.'.Orccheron. from ; The semi- monthly meeting of the Senior - trench rritnt Association was held in the Assembly Booms, Oct. 18tb, Conn, B. M. Kimball presiding. The ".meeting waa Wi:jlT.ltcir:icd and the remarks and addresses by thy ladita vvaie very interesting, eo We are but a3 we were not able to attend and i ia v y not t.yn t h o ml nn teg, we canno t give a -: " v' proper report to our readers. Four-.ieenth.Wa'r- E LEU Li01. Jt may be tea eoie thsiVthistiUt-tio- n is not an important one because they feel so sure cf the etrergtfi crth has it not always beta (ho case Vihax kr e of " mae-t'0 paoii.3 have b ;a;t coniid C'tTT-winning that tho minority have ccmo in and, carried off soma- of tho honors1. Not 'thHt- the Liberals coulu hava any particuior power st' present, but it is most uabecoaing in Uio Feb-- : pla'a Party, under the; present circanistanc.:-- , to be found luke-wrTo be up smd doing und each one at his pest with the watch word "bo. ye always ready," hoalcl "b? theim of tne ' ' discipline. Boms. are tco iackadafical for their own good, and forget that it U tha dnty of cadi individual to represent him or herself by tie ballot. The candidate, John T. C'nv, is a man of whosa life and chrficjer not even UU bitter--eoppo&ers can say anyihing diaparpglng, and the People's Party may weil fcnV proud of such a delegate. There U every realcri why be should have th IirgHst number of vo?es it ?a possibl.0 to poll. The young peoplo who sre now caileii UPQ moreparcieolirly to tafee tSe respoLBibili be up and 7 awaiTarTd" to se.ps maintain the rights of trie, people of st , -- . .,. in-'orm- , f.-- nnTt 11 ie-unio- j'ua-tic- 1 A ..... j .j 1 - T7 .. ur" t j. ' io- wWrV-i- uy 'xuuHS raeeuisx sbu,- sucifo;B' .... ra - were mviteu. i. neso are calculated id create a good feellag and promote harmony in i the work of improvement. We gratefully ackaowledge a beautiful bou- .1 .; L 1 au i.ume use a tur in. rs. waiua of East Bun- sunbeam, from MraJane Holt wild t.iful; r.ho rouio pretiy, sweet-scente- s the matter. . - t-- 1S34. Bait Lake has certainly had a eoiTilironal ia the ( 1 iweon topic during the past few wet-atrial. The principal persons and moat of the witnesses summoned were people 90 weif known and eo highly respected that the feeling and sympathy have been moat Intense ia relation to, r , tff ty-ough- Utsh, that the citizens, who are now disfran-ichiselaid.the fonndaticngrar -- for tbem upon xilTo or portunity "riaw wherein you cari show ?yo:ir interit" to tha Peopled Party. It would be culpable' in'Jeed in the young women asN well as tho youtg men if they do not coma oui and vote on this grand oc casion. The privileges of tim people are few -e- nough already! but by all means maintain tho-few with dignity, and prove ycurselVes dPf more by your diligence and vigiinnca in -- every place where there is an Let the Utah delegate go to Con-re- oppbrtuniiyv wit!: the ts- c by Vis number of votes cv.t for him, that h,; ia not only the choice cf the People's Partv, n V they are ready, to .accord him fvir honor, akd prove their confldfenee la him bylhelr works d, to-bul- td e eiv-ing- of &a juranca-made-doublys- nre, well as words. ' ss EDITORIAL KOTE3. There will b, a rally of the People Patty in this city on Monday evening, Xov. 3rd, at 7 o clock, in the theatre in this city. -- - d cd, : i;ea thiscry recently, epent a morning in our i " uivii iiiLUi v?vii iuvt.i ic n i - - hho h an ardent advocate of woman's euffrage, r.nd ia one of, the. leading, women of tho suffrage pirty in England. She has landed estates in Ireland, and gave us considerable information upon the condition of the people in the Erner-a-'- d Lia,. She is liberal and t'hilanthropical in htr character and views, Ii a brilliant con versa-- . ticnalJst and has traveled txtenalvely, A meeting Provo ou th of the People's Party was held at tf The brass and met the delegate end his party at the de.K;t and escorted them to thaplact! of meeting, where large crowd were waiting. Opening re mnrk' by Judge Duenbcrry; John C Graham, Ca Jrm in. 3peech63 by Hon . J ohn T. Caine, B. A. Kenner, Hen. C. W. Penrose, J. F. Wella and James Bharp. The meetrbg was an en thn&iastic one, and will, undoubtedly, ba pro- ductivo of good, and induce many who are dilatory to turn out and vote at the coming election. ' "The Golden Gems of Life," or 'Gathered Jewels for the Home Circle," U the title cf a book now being canvasaed for by Mre, B. M. White of "this city. The book contaius 008 page?, is printed on tinted, paper in large, clear " " type and handsomely bound. The subjects are fuch aa recommend tho book even before reading it. and. the eosayK, for such they seem to be. are well written, fiimplo in language and c!earj ' -- ia r ho nae life. The sub- sty Ixnljidfiptiij ctirstT'Xrra'teU- upo'a ;'are Life, Home, Ho aaa' Circle Fatht? anrKM3ther,TnfHncy; Childhood, Bif ther and Bitter, Manhood, Womanhood, and to on. It is docidedJy a ve?y good book, and oce from which much may ba J earned, and it ougbt to hava a wida circuUtion. Tho Editors are 8. C. J B. H. Alien, Cincinnati, Ohio. Fergns vn Morocco sod gilt bindin g $5.75; silver flni?h' cloth, $4.75; Ii?jf moroceo,$4 50; green cloth 3.75. Mrs. Emimy; Pfeiffeb, poet and author, lately jv Ii teuhSjdtLake - accompan id - by- - her hubaad. - They remained Ibout four days herej of interest.. Mr.- and Mrs. feeing the vpe!ffer are both interested in woman's suffrage, and theriaciy hag written several articles as well T poems upon tho subject, that have attracted 5omo tittention and ioeea the subject of consider-Kbl- e cooimetit jn London society. Mrs. Pfeifler writes for "The Bpf ctatoe" and "Contemporary Review." Her books have all gone through two and some through thr?e editions. The titles are, "Gerard Monument' "Poems," "Quarter-mas- s Grace," "Glan Alaeck," "Under the Asoventoff Oct. 29th. l -- . pJ-.c- - 