but laughing in their sleeves muttered: "Look at the Jittie dog! The city - and the court amused; themselves with - it, and the gazettes contained the adventure. ; This : was very piquant. In our days they, would have made oi it one or the operettas. ' Mme De Lafayette ma do herkhrsl communion iffter ha vin sr beent tEe game year became a mother Bat behold.' at the end of three vears of married life; the young husband decamped one fine night. He excused himself by des lettres dhectetl to his wife, and also direct elofjuentes these her. - - k 1 w iuc juuviacBoc u cu, lie had believed it to be his duty to denart fur they w'ould haveiegtTamed Kim tively,' because" ' he had made known his design. This was not ior a Jittie voyage, and he states plainly that he .inienas crossing tne ocean. nel speeds, he mes to' America. He wishes to put his virgin sword mui.Lici-.i-a-.m- - thesea "tooarthe" color ot heroism and romance, which raised the admiration of the young courtiers even in the immediate surroundings ot the king. It was old 'Noblesse which shook their heads only-thwas not bad going t give liberty to this d -- . . , - .; .:' farm; . -- .. r jumball had him tnree small children,--urput into Daniel Davis's tent that he might bei nearer to us, and thus have better care and o. W A mf - . ; b . ' M. Grant." - On the 14lh my husband's ioumal mp.nt.irm B. Young, H. C. Kimball and others still be- cugageu in laying out City 10tS. Bro. Joseph Harvey's wife died on the mnrn. ing of the 6th. She had been verv ill for snmA time "He had recently come from Nauvoo, ana naa spent a great deal of his time and substance in fittiner others out for the. fiiirn pit ' KxATa Via A iL kiMnvl. "o.ug ownicu niuiaeii, i,uo uunseuence is that he is very sick himself. His wife left -- c jv.v, - W The next day being warm and pleasant some of the boys were engaged in cnttmg and draw- - lug uuuso luga. Aiurauu eptans ui aiienaing council that eveninc with mv father. PrpaMpT Young and others of the brethren. He says-"I- t had already commenced when we arrived; they were reading a report brought bygone; a? fliA hrpfli rPTi urh n nam a" f rtvrn a PnnVo. nation; the substance of which was, that Bishop MUIerV company were located on a stream 9 called Jiunmng iff water, or runicaw river, and -t wo hund red miles- froar; this placed that they were uniformly used well by the Indians, had good forage for the cattle, etc Bro. Grant,by vote of the council, gave an oral report of his visit to the villacre at the point He had sepn Mr. Sarpee and he was willing that we should remove the ferry boat to the new place that we had selected, as he had a Mackinaw boat of his own that would answer his purpose. -- Mr. Sarpee also informed him that he had lately seen a Dr. Mann, who, he said, was at the massacre at Haun's Mill in .Missouri, and a regular mobocrat, who told him that the State Mawhal of Missouri, with a posse, was on his way here Bro. Grant also atated to arrest the Twelve. tnat tne. secretary- - oi u ar naa written to tne Indian agent to have; the Mormons leave the Pottawotomie lands on the other side of the river as soon as may be." He mentions seeing a letter written by Sister Diahtha Billings to "Brother Kimball's folks, in which is recorded a specimen of Indian justice. It appears that one of the young Pun- a - Bro. Brigham's cattle, for which misdemeanor he was taken by the Indians of his own tribe and whipped, hij pony shot and one of his owni " eyes dug out." . MISCELLANEOUS. . wife. hr, Tho p.vpnincr aft.pr the denarture of Bishnn Whitney, Brothers Woolley and Van Cott, a council was held at Bro Russel's tent,wherea committee wasi:hontoseiecT locations for the winter, between the village and the Old Fort, as sanctioned by the Indians. Committee's names: Fathers Eldredsre o and Cutler. Bro'a A. P. Rock wood. Winslow Farr and J. M. Grant. They started next day, though the; weather was stormy, and continued so two or f three days. "Sunday, the 30th. Meeting was held at the stand, commencing at 10 a.m. Elder 0. Pratt opened the meeting by , prayer and said he would endeavor to occupy the time,' bvJ the President's request, till he and Bro. Kimball should arri ve.- He then spoke on general matters for a while, when, the President arriving. o he said he 7 would stop, but by his request he proceeded. His subject was the necessity of education to the Elders of Israel, and to the children in the camp. He was followed bv Bro. Kimball, who spoke in; corroboration of his remarks, arid snoke at some lenath nn v ih vuv 7 r 0 of God. of the Kingdom government Horace Lldredge, the Marshall, then arose and told the congregation of the late resolutions adopted by the council. President YoimsHsucceeded him. and snoko at some length, sanctioning what Bro. Kimball had said, and then went on treating on miscellaneous matters, and gave a great deal of good instruction. After singing by the choir, the " meeting was closed with prayer bv JedediaV -- All Paris had for him ie - -- ; Continued.') - As a conserratinn as a living testimony of the great happiness of tne am return that ol if eb., lvvy, scarcely re- vcauug me uawuiug. oi mis giory, which. had not blazed forth until in 1782 with victorv and peace. Mme De Lafayette gave birth, on the 4tn or uec, l i y, to the son expected, the son desired, the inheritor of the name George And it is to Washington De Lafayette. Washington that the mother confided her son when the reign of terror had driven her husband from France, when her mother, her sifter and her grandmother were sentenced to pay crime or their birth, and "uu when she, under a decree of arrest. hal conducted to Paris, where the revolutionary tribune attended her. At the end of May. 1794 the nifnvpnYiA T.o favette was transferred t the Petite Force, then to the Luxembourg Le 9 TJiermidar. She was not"discharged. She did not gam her liberty until the 23rd of Jan., 1795, when she obtained a nassnorfc Jut Embarked at Dunkirk for destinationHo xu pepiemoershe arrived at Vienna with her two daughters. wow oomes the most mterestin g portion of iuc me ox ims iaunrui spouse, liy the media-.tio- n of the Prince De Rosemborg, Grand Chamberlain, Mme De Lafayette obtained an audience with the Emperor, unknown to his ministers. After a detention of sixteen months she had come simply and naturally to solicit the favor of sharing the captivitvo'fher hus- band, who had been languishing in duress er BY HELEN MAR "WIHTNEY. with himself, andengarland as 7trophies the cradle of his children" And thus, really, he was of the same opinion as Mme. Be juaiayette. ihe return of the liberator tn umphed over all pretentions; when he was seen when he was heard, he was not only pardoned but admired, adored. the same eves as his rn SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTER QUARTERS. mt-thos- 1 r-.- --- .-.-rr - . i - The liberation of Lafayette and his compan ions was ,due to one of the clauses of the treaty The portals of the citadel of Campo-Formid'Olmiitz were thrown open for the French prisoners the 19th of September, 1797, after five years and one month of involuntary cap- tivity for Lafayette and his companion prison months of voluntary ers, and twenty-thre- e captivity for his wife and daughters; but they did not France until, after the 18th Brumaire. Mme De Lafayette died December 24th, 1807 of the malady, the germ of which she contracted in the prison d'Olmutz. Translated from a French Journal by George - - :7 Hamlin.:. re-ent- uc, see mere: it the people deAmerica. manded it as "well in France! But the wife of the young hero could not be unforgiving; indeed, to the contrary, had she not loved him more for this noble weariness of inoccupation, for this manly ambition for an occasion to distinguish himself, fof this grave design so courageously disguised, for this secret so well concealed, for this audacious departure, for this modest bravery and ardent desire to win those pure laurels, not of the couaueror. of ihe WbexntoT the cVmplet Ol wnlch - he wished hU wife to participate in the crown- t rs ; . o. to the service of the insurgents against Eng land, and contribute himself, a gentleman by birth.to found a first republic. His wife in 1777 voluntarily pardoned his escapade. This genT mg-nono- " "BufToll. rif firou9Lzeai-ior-iiDerty-beyon- .'.- Mme De Lafayette and her daughters partook' during two long year3, the captivity of the General. The fair prisoners were treated with a consideration which was free from rigor. .For consoling herself in the eveningwhile, "the eldest daughter served as secretary to her father, or as a substitute1 for workers outside, threw down the pen for the scissors and the needle, and cut out and" put together the shoes ' for the family Mme De Lafayette wrote slo- wa tooth-picly thef life of her mothet,1 with TJ? iittie aissoivea inaia ins, upon uippea in a 1.,1T the margin of the engravings of a volume of . mimjM; va This favor was accorded to jhryars Religion is the hospital of the soul that the world has wounded. J". Petit. Senn. "The most ignorant have knowledge enough i to discover the faults of others; the most clearsighted are blind to their own. e not only sends "The Italian' orders and telegraphs money at home and abroad, but insures packages of money by the Post-offic- post-offic- e r- -v mails. . . "The best of aTbook is not the thought which it contains, but the thought which it suggests, just as the charm of music dwells not in the tones, but in the echoes of our hearts. If instead of a gem, or even a flower, we would cast the gift of a lovely thought into the heart of a friend, that would be giving as the angels must give. Geo. MacDouald. "The glory of man consists not merely in looking up to what is above him, but in lifting .up what is below him; the noblest and most exalted character is also the tenderest and most helpful. 'In these degenerate times a great many men wild- s, may be found in gesticulating and their of support-- " intention ly proclaiming ing; this or that political party, when they would appear to much better advantage supporting their families. bar-room- " The spirit of liberty is hot merely as some people imagine, a jealousy of our own lar right, but a respect for the rights of others, and an unwillingness that any man, whether high or low, should be wronged and trampled under foot. Channing. r - - "; '" - 