WOMAN'S EXP ON EK el'there iomc a largo Egyp.tSan e?.w time broking at all the beautiful monument?, which bsar" bo mark or tlioulU of lhLJ'd.L-fuwe history of the place, Hit. mi on thia ' ; that hp pier. were recalling tJ:f w'eh very spot. 7htxi4;spteccjQ . l I CADD.pt ;.t egfiLlolwri te al!wt eawj cvtn in cue day, but after I corns home vve cm talk f o jjQUQh of t'Lese fctieets and the' .sights of Paris. We walked through tho Tirk ui l Avenue of tLe Champs EIjj.ca, . occicnslly steppin g. to this A -- rest and watch- the .' throcg rrivicg towards the Boinia JZwftgtT7 After lowing" the Triumphal Area from h ('.idea ;sc .proceed? 1 down tho Avenue Bpia do 1J iulogtie to the aik of the same israo. Tarre were crowd of people there, I never f&w to aiaby canUge.3 a.t clc in all my lifer. ' Paris ha iwelye thousand c , i it (o men-tio- fa'-hbhat- ' ; '::-:'T7:..'.'.----:- .' ib-'- n vehicles, "and is a e med io us that the wiic ie twelve thousand w ilh as many .more private conveyances were 'these.' From threat j eix in ihe afternoon this is the popular drive and wait, and hire at. thh time can to viewed wilh much EB'isfaction the .gaiety" of Parisian life. Returning frcm the park we walked throughTOthcr" piFcipal bculevaiUts, noting the pretty shops and caf6jajJrlnaJIy teed- ajhedjfce less to tell you anything about this as ! cool J not describe it if I tried,and ycu have often seen pictures of it; we hope to view the inai Ja of It before long, then I can tell you more. We did hot return to cur room "until quite late, as we wish to see all that is possible, and one h?.s much to do every day in such a city as th's to begin to see half the eight?." To day it has rained all the day long, and as the gaileikB were not open onJMondiiy-w-e have, had to remain a good part of tho dsy, however, ' Iwe started out and viewed the principal shops.-Thos- e the -- ; in Royal quite disappointed be so d il'tTt nt. I nevwould it me, I expected er saw so much Jewelry in my life; tut from the jewelry and Sevres chinajtbo other articles were not nearly as nice as those djgplay ed, in the shops opposite the Louvro. These are all under arcades, where we can wJk without getthey were filled with Eng-- : ting wet, and li3h tourists, who, I suppese, were like u?, walking arountt to pass the time away which they otherwise would have spent in the Peie La Chaise Cemeteryor at Versailles cr at some other interesting place. The streets cf Pari; are wldehd clean, and the lifo and b ustlo nlm-3- t the-Pala- ia u-l- cc to-da- y -- I suppose there is no place e world to compare with it, but I do not like ' bewilders one In-th- it as well as some To-morr- we ow gallery I think, how Louio would enjsy and appreciate this. We get along well everywhere, John Qv has the most wonderful faculty for finding placee; he has already located all the' eights of Pari?, and we go from one place to another as we choose, without a guide, and without the least difficulty find whatever place or street we desire. We expect now to sail on the 7ih of June on the Orego,Xbopewo-Ca- nf for that i8uch-a- " magnificent steamer and is also the fastest taller . ' ' . : V '. Bnp'V.C&Is ia"AilVr wTr Pjfk&t: fjjiurs-w;3.aritrammo .vwT good, Urge attendancelThoand tho selections ...excellent: and .T.prropraU - .Annie.-- ' fOiigf-- ; ' -- 'tin mu'.C hi )y in'e:Vbt'Lg 'o h 'c fscm .3 tfirrmt? y. eu Ileil up 'k The Uiine of Olseu sevriia fynyjiicus ;with s '.oni-or- d I of sweet t.mh r mc: g' u.s, U ' ict one seem v gratdiu The order and quirt iho'jntoL;Dg : wa3 'really remarkable- hnicDj ':?uCii crcJit to .tie pan iBh, assemblage and did and also to the PrcsIuent'sLd-- her Rister'Suow kd the optnlag prsjer, "the following Ler in each sintrncc, wvhich V7a3 very ;cirtctivtr.. Hhe afterward r,ddr'cfe:-.fc duet", snti w v iotr-t'ir- -fc- f-icclt ve-i- y . . uin ri-a- l . - tht.-.m.iii'ht- usual sensible .and.pri ctical rasFtn; ai-- e sea lady viajtcr Fpckv a ".few words apropca t6 the . children. To me the meeting was perc!IyJn.- spirational, trd in these espro-fciv- e word?,'!' 'felt it waig'oo.J to be tiiere ) -""There was an rrj Smith to adjourn to her'ho'use after Ibc raoeUng' and partake cf refreshmentf, which tovtrai ol the ladies accepled, and we there' found an elegant and Puhfitnntial tfble fpreat witii tie bounties and luxuri cf Jiffjind "the feVehii gj ch3ed with u ih feust of reason aad thellHV' of eoul," Siich meetiLgs with tuch.tcenes help to make the pcetry of life, and to bring out and unite much that often lies dormant for the want ofj-uc, May tivo emiTo and geuini. approbation of "our Great Father with Hi5 divine assistance ever attend all' such galher'ina,' is the pitsyer of J. JL1 d iaiitatloa-fi,obi.-&i&t:"V- ' ;. tit ait-iid-e- d a3 useful to herJuisband-."- 1 Mr. It inlth-- c,)i!jj" ).--ed of -- 'oc't-ofi!e- e con-f:taht- ly Ta3y2jsQ.n.ej3fUj.au exponents. It is said that five o'clook in the morning never sees ber asleep, and that when social engagements do not prevent she retires at nine. Even if she goes to hho is up at five the next morning. .She is an ardent believer in the destiny of Blaine, and does not doubt' that he will be the next occupant of the White House. Her friends report that in connection with this faith slve is bniidihgsojne social for her--f- c If, which is altogether jjardonable in a lady of to such vaulting, ambition,-joinecon?i)iCious gitts. ri-r- ht, air-castl- es : Elevate the working class by keeping your children in it. Gladstone :- THOUGHTS SUGGESTED OX SATURDAY XIGHT. t; 'IU a gocKb Do you think of one falsity mid another as" flight, and another as unintended? Cast-theall aside; they may be light and accidental, but they are ugly soot from the ; OKDEB. m theme, Heaven's Cr.t law, and one which I delight In. Vherfcr ifc reigns there's power; slsent, chace prevai's. The e work ia ended,eve of the day of re-thereon bended knee we thank the Lrd for mercies given in the past week, fcr a on us Hia by hand; all netdi'ul du toil-som- is its-towe- d us ties performed; procrastination is not thought of; needful rest is sought, and all is left in "or-der- .,, - v hour the nightly couch is left; prayer otlered; all things found at hand, The product of the previous evening, delight stfeElj o'er theseiffce?, for' it la felt that all is order. ris getting church time, and the hour has come for btarting; the spXda reached; the usual peat and' to there sit with thoughts "collected and taken, wait the arrival of Gcd's servants. Bowing in humble adoration before the author of cur being we meet and join in of praise and offer prayer to Him for "merciea had since last we met, and ask, in faitb,xour Heavenly Father to bestQW-X)nTmore mefcs The everlasting Gospel is restored in all its beauty, the holy priesthood ia again on earth, with prophets, jeers, and revelator?, through whom the - gs U3 the grt! am" nearly done, the treat millennial dty of rest ia near, eternity ia before ua. Ohl that vast word, "eternity," who can grasp it? Oar finite minds quail before it, for 'tialm" '" -- story of the." any important part 'slf is entircly-eiapahl- ft pf-- ' Bpuk, t hoiigh A .that , eliaraeler writing. distinguished cl itic said recently that Gail Hamilton was one of. the fey, women, of this age who can reason ami write like a man. At this time she is mak-iu- g herielf .more useful; than ornamental by -pctiiu; as "the private secretary of Mr. Blaine. T iie" oiiieials here say that Blaine. nor.Y'rti'ef'iving' a larger mail than was ever before received by any person residing in Washington. Ail this correspondence Gail IJamiK-t- on hantleSj-eith- er writiug the answer herself or (iictatiug to a shorthand man who is in service. M.r. Blaine confesses that she tun frame a "letter, as diplomatically as he can hinijiif, and he pays her the tribute of s:iv1ngj!iaL?Ilsjjc . tlia't blc&Vjs- - are sent to Hia straying, erring children. The end of time approaches; the 'tix daj 'i work ia June 10th, 18S4, by invitation efths President of the 2Ut Ward Primary Aa .cclaUonVl the annlverary of the samp, and heatd and ''Gaii Hamilton i. about Blaine' as Mrs. Logah' is" to - loviDg counsels of PRIMARY MEETING. Anna Gill. ; it would tt)t bfnir to psii'ciT-itrlz- i where sll wa&gocd, but I mint; mfiitjar emphatically a ;.ut by the M;3 ;ts "Oise:), E l i leidcro I and'Alicr, wliihw'nfaii'hl-.-ss'- :Uttje . Ucipate spending the g.'eater pn the Atlantic, ElfziR. of the German elides. part of day in the Louvre, and ob, how I wish you could be with us and f ee the wonders of art that we shall be gazing at.. Every time I enter a nit aaurfiblo. In the bt ginning all was "ordbr." The cud of thno will le jn order. Order will rolUroiighriotJ'etcTnity, for it is God'a law. much thiit wai rn'otT; gratifying.-- - BUts- - "Vu d Eyd -- . T smoke of thepit for all that. lliishin. x - . - Much dissatisfaction i3 expressed in 'England, .because -- Miss pctavia Hill has not been appointed on the Royal Commission to attend to the dwellings of the poor. As the papers say: ''There h no doubt that she knows more' about this subject than any man in England;" and they cail attention to the absurdity of consid-.erina woman unfit to be annointed nn thn Jloyal Commission, in the country' where --the sovereign is n woman. Ex, Mrs. May Wright Sewall. in the Indianapolis Time! gives a very rich and graphic account of the parttaEen by worn'en in the late National Greenback Convention. She says: "It wa3 a study of historic value to witness the bearing of the women in this convention, and their influence upon the confusion and turmoil." We consider Mrs. Sewall one of the ablest women ofjhe age; her executive ability is quite Iremarkable, and she has wonderful tact a3 well as talent. Madame Charlton Edholm contributed two ably written papers on "Woman Journalists" L' to the.Dic-nca- i Journalist,' (St Louisa Mo.) for rMarch and April. She tells fas the first daily newspaper in the world was edited by a woman, Elizabeth Mallet, in London, March, 1702." She finds a large list in these latter days. "Until women came into journalism there were no juvenile papers, and their first efforts were in that direction; Mrs. Child's Juvenile "Miscellany n being the first, and The Rosebud, by Mrs. in 1832, the second. Gil-ma- 