O lOMlW f a day--dri:a- m. P KX ENT O Said Eliza, of an ungentlemanly benefit of tor the and sake, "Only the people generally did Apostle Thatcher con- -' descend to notice this most conceited Skylock. . does He' answer tireljom SfaT5gmtybastic charges rvf therlearncd attorney. .No threats. Sarcastic and "satirical,! slang. ; u ill admit; but -proving: by living, up with undeniably.-factrecords the" truth of his statements. If such are 'bantlings,' what giants in mind; must be our TeaderFw h odia ve "reached maturitv. On the part ot Mr; Mc.Bride, howjull of low egots ism' are the breathing', pious soul." "Eliza, my wife, you state my sentiments exactly. The .attorney also charges the Mormons with peculiarly enjoying the luxury :of dying which finds nodllustration by others, lie forgets that he and his colleagues in Suit Lake have for their organ the most filthy ami untruthful paper on .'the earth."- - "Indeed they have, Edward, the attorney also doubts the assertion of in Utah feel Apostle Thatcher, that thou-and- s h his for t Honor, e .Governor,' and '; contempt siiuKitcs- that our feelings are more sinister than Yet notwithstanding the mere conti-mptand crreat ermlition suncnor 'mathematical the craft of our enemies, inn can you comprehend the depths of the wickedness of these. nu n to pervert the truth?' ;"The gen tlemanayd, pa, that our wojnan Jioldriroperty. Ikh gi vui aJJ .his ITuiqw th'af Brother 1 wives the tjeed-home-.- ' -- theirAnd" you would do the same, pa, but weali live together so you cannot. ,No matter, for it all belongs tA.ma and, Aunt Katie; ryiibwj for-truth'- s is two iui . 1- - PART ' VI F.ST. v this mom cut the. eldest hoy said, 'Tii, I wish the members "t of Congress ' could have heard ma and Aunt Katie last night -"when - they rend tth a t in t h e J ret At v. J believe they would liave felt very small; I know I would," "I an glad, my son, we do not belong to that honorable "body,; for we would be in bad repute with your ma and-Au- nt Katie,'.' I Lore the young girl with the blue eyes spoke. "Now, pa, you must not make '.in of ma and A tint' Eliza; you know-theare right, you are iju.it its indignant as they are sometimes"True, my daughter, I am. I also think that many ot the leading men. of this nation are going mad .Vve.r Monnoiiism.'' "Illiink.rfc, that niendiolding .such' responsible v t. . -- -- -- - -- positions shouhLbo very1 wise and'good.'r-"'Yes''iny daugbter; thtey should notonly be" wise a; id good, but they should adhere, strictly to (he r nles of tlieGiiUtitutiiuideiL u ; by our lathers." CTrueidwiin ' sai. tiU - J -- jizahu 1 -- : y .'. short-sighted- ,- course ho - taTce.ft-- confiliueriiis'reinoaTy it." "I think you are ' right, ttudl-to-short- Kd- -' ward; I often feel annoyed with the members of Congress,- - aud-am-surpme- at their lack of d good common sense; but I realize, that they are used by the Lord to brings about .Hismfghltv Th world-i.... urp.).-- s. fUt going, to. decay. i . . Jjiel)lood oTPropliets and ApostlejcriesJta th.e- - I believe the time Ijord for vengeance. when-Hnear. will come and take vengeance J on the wicked." "Girls, did you read Mr. McBride's criti- cism oiiBro. Tiia'tcher'sartichpublished in the. Otv,m, and Apostle Thatcher's an.vci',' "Yes, Edward," Kiid Katie, "we did; and were very .much surprised toatan educated man and an attorney shouhl .have. AVritteu anything so. it logical and ungen'tlemauly. Let me: read a ...little.." from his article." ilere she rose a i id tool; a copy of The caine into the sitting-room- , . Neil's From the table and w turned ' 'AM0 ' fcays : 1 t4s-- n ot o f ten that we7 77unc"T tne game so as to make one shot' do effective service, ami now that the opportunity of'iers to make Mr. Thatcher sufier for the Washingioii Mornion agents in general, I propose-1cruci-- ' this of crowd. the fy batuJing For him per- -' i"have folio that thrame sonally pity ; sinners who are the o.o-.men.' I n the ang u age of the Ye ie r i iiu nter, I ( o not intend, to leave enough of thisnormal "oiV fender to warrant' any effort to skin himTYor future useiby any one.' Mr. Mc.Bride further e "77" . " De-icrd- ! -- .. ) . s 1 Mi-lh- ; 1 t -- theTauthorshi) and responsibility of this letter, it tool: ten or a dozen of our 'most talented men to, compose it.. But this i a sort of clap-trap- " assertion to bias the minds of the readers of the I nit r Oaij:gaim;Uurwi)i(hv brother. I. wonder, vho eameto the assistanee"of Mr. Mc.Bride in geUiug up his violent tirade. The first part of his . article appear to nie like the of egotistic spluttering ;m untutored school boy.- 'Instead of our brother being skinned it had no. more dfect Upon lum thau the brayj'nrf - !' t her- -! i urn 1 o -- me M urra v and pity are the only f ;.! U-hav- 'm 5 L:ttter-da- ..... y I-s- aid hard 'the flesh pots of Egypt. I lay awake nights dreaming of the full coffers of the Mormon treasury. I pray to my Lord, earnestly, that I maybe chosen one of. the trustees of this most abominable church; that I may till my hUedMa-piMri:y--souLyearns-fo- pockets with her v.orthle.?3 gold and my house with herbeauteous daugliters. .Not, 'my beloved friends, that I love their fiitliy lucre, or wisirfor the favors of theiair-- sex. No, my "respected friends, I am too lowly of mind and .too yirtuous for that,, but that f might be the nml sal vatluu-t- o tliese-- poor,.. be- nlhted peojd e. Ho let us put on the arrnor of David.our great ancestor, and with a sling and a stone strike these modern Philistines in the back part of their heads. thai wo may save their money and women from fur; her pollution. Let Murray be our watchword, and,, in the lanand tiiatgigau-ti- c guage of the Western'-lluhte'eat tie fisli, let Us not caVethese; bantams even their skin for fear they "may appear as the shadow of their former selves to take away our rights." Here a little felLonrJiberty low of twelve years clapped 'his hands and I wish' Mj Mc.Bride could hear said, 'Oh, djQLihi u k jnadL of things; h knows nothing about." "My son, I do not k.nowvle-theyoiT" are competent to . , -&- aror-:iJ!iLlif(- : r Jiiuhl r m'ake a?sertio'u." 1 can read for reading in my . "Nowra, you'knov" hrst prize when I.htar ma and AuntEliza talk of w hat is in the papers, I read lormyseit';-- and I do n ,l. think people would talW.s the iMo if thev,knew moivah.mt u "P know mv son, you ar a goo'i reatier, bu t did not think your y ung mind could grasp much; and I think you do mvt ucdemand dthe very-,veji,Irceeive- cla-'an- d . - 1 gi - .law-abidin- ., -- . -- '"j . God-fearing g, EOIT(JBLVL'NOTES. y Jul y''U.'a' ineeiiu;7vli'rh'e1 in the Eighth 'Ward Assembly Koorns;. Sister Esther B. Fletcher presiding. Bishop Sheets and Counselor 31c.Murrain vere on the stand, S. Smith, Phebe Wood.:JtM?r-t5,za- ' ruff, M.Tsabelia lloViie, Sarah M. Kimball,' On Yednesday. -- - " Balb'shebanVrrSiimra CatlieriheTiliner, AnnieCross and JancTObw- - an, also occupied seats on the platform: Several excellent speeches Were made, and topics interest ably treated upon by the ladies who addressed the meeting, "and aby.'theJJisuop.;. and his Counselor, who endorsed the remarks that had been made, and also gave sound advice to. mothers in regard to training their childrenAt the close of the meetingall the assembly sat down to a bounteous repast, which had been prepared and arranged under . . : J s -- - - eu-ueeu- ' e Here Katie "whV;e blue eyes had been sparkling with fun, sturt-- d to her feci, said make a seech. she? '.'Listen; I am going t McNow, Jenny, I am Mr. Bride, and 'you will hear his sentiments. I think I hearlilth now: and'Gentleman' Ladits: You. see ;be-- , "fore you the oldest of living bantams. One why knows the Mormons ironi bjginiUg to end, from the secrets of t heir Endowment House to the innermost-chamberof their ha-- . rem. Not that I was ever there, thfe Lord for-- " bid; only I have been posted on 'these matters-bthat much abused and virtuous woman, Aun Eliza. T arn, my brethren, by profession a hint shelled 7Wt;but being a lawverT am tv -- hungup the myster- always on the fes of the kingdom. Asbef oreLam-- a .v.-;:- . Ercdieney' -..jr ; tliose-jilura-h-wi- ves, . tiun s rx tt.-- TTT1 -- in--- iju-ir-vir- s .. - of-hi- i f i ca - "son, they Own the expect you are right,-m- y home and us, too. .Not only. Brother 11 rt PDI J if r.f ii rs A Vll iui-t Tl yji of uimjis iiuc their homes to their wives: and s.o does this W J gal gentleman know; but hiss memory is very ..treacherous," as his article on the. Mormon problem plainly sliows." As I listened to thisspinted cuniversiTLtiouT" and saw the Hash of the eye, the curl of the lip, the independent, dignified poise of the i 1 was .lost in heads admiration, ahl: thouglit that they needed no .' pity from woluen who .suppose themselves their .' superiors. 1 was. much amused at their sarcastic. .rethe marks, contempt and fun "they manifested. oyer the' prm and .'conl .of' the press and the. speeches ut the members oi'HJongress concern--in- g I tab, and the little fear they have in ref- ut- i i i ei rr tiudrthFV ulu rr. ...--1th. 1 n maniksted their patriotisin, and an earnest tie ' sire to .obey all tire laws givenby the lathers of this once free and haoin' countrv. I could not but think that men having such brave, fearless, wives and ' children must he worthy of being la and consequently citizens of a state, instead of i sfra n chised m e m ber a .of: ii: -' 1 territury. To be Lou' i an :'l . - ey-do-- and 1 think the policy of .the leaders -- of our --to t heir i,wn infi'iv-ts- , f. n iiafion is wnen they take away our rights, it is but the death knell of their own." "Pa, do you think it is because of plurality of. wives' that the world speak evil of lis?'' "No, my son, the world care nothing about plurality. It. is this latter-dawork that they are... arraying theju: selves against. Their master, the evil one, knows that his time U short,. and he is stirring up his most valiant emissaries .to-- , prolong his 'and the very "rule; but he is en -- iifiateii s 1 tt. of s otia -- - fact "a ml ability In tins (TirectTonr Ja.iiQ Cowan, Sisters Sar'--" Mar v. Go--light- ly and Eliza P. Pnst. The tables looked very .handsome; there were beautiful tre-i;askets.of jusei jus .fruits, snowv linen and everything "daintily sctout,but thc'clrarm--JM&Jwn- g at table'.were more girls beau tifui to look upon than al the rest. There -were seven of them flitting about and making a picture one' would never 'tire lookim'r aL The - . i i whole aliair was a most comjjiete fcuccess, andl cannot fail to have a irood lfeef, unon nil who participated in the enjoyment of tiie reunion. "'".; We have reports from St. George; Sanpe'icr Stake and Sa It Lake 'Slake that are crowded out of tth is issue. ; ; h who-wait- flow-ers.an- ed 1 : . -- , -. - A; biographical sketch of Patty Sessions of Bountifui wilF be commenced r next num- her. .''': . in-ou- vBy a letter from Sister M. A. Hyde of' that the next Conference of lielief Society, Y. L. 31. 1. A. and P. A. of Sanpete Stake Will be held at Fountain Green, commencing the PJth of xSeptembcr. Spring City, we learn r 