... . ; tie The SiglitsJpf Women of Zio 1 TO PATRIARCH L. D. YO UXG - -- and tho Eights cf the Women of all Nations. AIIE - CI htiTC Ts TYr-95A- M . NO V EMBER buVfor that verf reaonjLwilL- .i.jveiO:);:.,!, owly, cautiously, .unles3 !) toeall jino uiiloc.een'event4vere: ymi outr'I-..c.,'-iil!?rr- il? :'Jn .which -- you have begun lilb hi .'Utah iM.goocl,ahd you are rowiT,ying.seed' ,that will form a foundation Another jearsjhort journey near- - lieiiYcn: . . AatfiIs foigfit SXCTjTtirj'otra're seventy seven . . I know what mofetryou j)riza Of alTIue birth Jay rifts th it uny La (rjvea Tho love that speaks from honest Iif).s and ryes;" In stately halls of grandeur and of splendor, I'ond, loving voices, ever true an-- tender, The sweetest music make On oft so delicate That harsh, rough tones th ir libres chill and break. - " And n tUe'lo-wIyf modestrTjnlerdwLdrinfj,"Where lord's bright gpriai-arever softly welUa"- ' And often bubble o'er, , No other sounds so dear as these Vheii telling Of joybas increase to their IwuMeous store. -Love hath no bounds, its 'increase U forever; If pure new tics cannot the old ones Bver, But all together grow ""BrigiXer "andlif router each for each, and never Will one its own true value- - sink below. " . VMirr M'-r:no- fr :i ;rra:i; fuper-Lructur- foundations are e. ;:!vva;s r('o'.trueteil -- bOa.r j heart-chord;- - iioiiieau ordei oitryVTrS'TY.-S up of rough, oafc- uch'ui' are powerful ci urc; Therefore do not hu per.-;tn- i in-- i unpolished'-i;hiti;na!.-t- , to endure and uraL if yoiTfinfl .theso materials sut ruUuii-f.u.e- - in your present path of life; keep your i;yo upon the' grand edifice yet to" be pi an4-s!emie- , t " - - u omauV - h r s :i e re : cx te: .; li n z o .wavl th , ,:evn- - i ' re-v;al-- 'l. and expand n- iz ing ad u y er. incs :th:r rtliio sahie 'movement, but it must -. 1 - 4 !)::: l. i;y u slow.'l'fowth necausft "of rtA Inn or uicrtt'i mi i of its miirhtv seaue . 'I ho. e.ir:i so h avi'v laid 'unon woman and so'nns- been- uveiy boriie until a second natturj i she bel ie b s to 3 b u t ve3 it engendered'aiKl tli ere has long been a class of "women upon 0"f Trestoratujii drin)wvvork-inhrniriho-piriMiently, unknown even to' 'themselves in the first movement, but nature and circum-?tance- 3 (generally severe ones) brought their minrh to a certain focus not before arrived at bv women, and they became almost imperceptibly leader.? fur then' sisters in a more t This subject is to me sweet and cheery, Inilght go on, still on, and ne'er grow weary, But time will not eufiice; In all your future days may nothing dreary Becloud tho sunshine of thy love you prize. "Another yearns short journey nearer heaven I Count all together now, the seventy-seven- , ' A journey long, but blest, In which the Gospel light to theo is given, Aud lovo of truth of all good gifts the liestr I ofter nothing m.ore than this small token, Wherein of all best things I've briefly. spoken; But this I can foresee, Thousands whom you have blest, a chain unbroken Of love links seal with gratitude to thee. " g state of things; by their agency the yoke became Hrliter liirhter, and now the move ment. hu; become univei-aIGo.Td, noble, mrii are assisting "strong-mindebut womanly women to gently but throw off the yoke of servile bondage of long and dark aeg, in which woman ha3 been but a "chattel" in her husband's house; land an era liberty and happiness is dawning upon that half of God's creation who have borne the yoke and the suffering even to martyrdom martyrdom of maternity added to' the list all these-longdark centur-- . ies, and she will awake one fine morningand. rise up an unfettered, being, bound only by the : law of God and her own pure nature; those awful words and their still more awful meaning: "Thy desire shall bo to thy husband and hs shall rule oyer thee," will have-be- en xau- bceau7lhe c u r.e 15 fulfilled and the judge opens the door and bids the captive go." lrcetand.he. walks forth a free.unfettered being ' in her,. primal advent in the garden of Eden- ;! sue vvili tli en feei her dignilied responsibility" and will lay aside the frivolity that has so often disfigured iier, and which has generally arisen - from the very feeling that somehow she was but an outlay in her Father's house, where He had intended her to live as the free, unfettered of her' brother, man.L. In a great .she is to hp her own agent in this relueavurc form niovemeiil always seeking and having the -- Buirlt-of her G'kl to There are, and there have always been women who have led out in this effort of xestoration of Go'l's daughters to thair primal position on His earth their names aro famed in history's. "page,ithough""probabl3r they understood not the spirit flicn agitating their minds, but'th'ejrwcre"; loosening thuban!s,settiug ''ga'tcj ajar,", till in our own .era we' joyfully note names that would Jilliileat alague too n in saeonsto- - riientionr and no need" to nam 3 them all leading minds khov; them words, all these have bven helpers in the restoration of woman to her primeval gmndetir; of. character and posisi ve . Salt Lake' City, Oct. - ; it- . d sr.ronr-;-mmde- d' un-slcepin- of-ligh- Ll'LA. 19, 1834,.. I feel there is fine material in you, and there fore my interest and sympathy is called out be- cause, permit me to say, it will require wisdom properly lay it out for your own comfort and exaltation in the Church of God. Mormonism, so called, andjvingdoni is so different to any thing else we Have entirely met in our former life, that we are apt to think we are in a clear. path,-.whersoon we find w"(T"haveto" -- to er-lle.- i, ti walk cautiously or before we are the hat aware we are entangled in a mesh not easily to bs disentangled. Pardon me, it you think mv words gratuitous, I have the best'aud most a feelings for you,b;it I am older 'thn you, both in age and in the Church ?nd 1 simply give you portions of- my experience ami that which I have found to answer my hHi-t ambition and expectation. All "connugroH -- have had to stoop-t- o conquer" "in some wav or other; they have had tact, which is more than been close observers of t' eir talent; they have ' surroundings, and deep thinkers; they hive walked cautiously, calmiy, humbly, it is ndy the great who can stoop, the opposite have m.- -' thing to stoop from, they have no '"platf'.rm-"people of large heart and brain have a natural platform born with them they are acons'ltu-- . tionand an institution 4n- - themsdwsrclule- rv wurus neiore you aissent or decide; think you. wiH realize truth in them to i I your ' entire satisfaction. -- - . " t-- Let me tell you I read in you a character of ,1684: . No., 11. and - women both on this, platform" of "reform, and the crown of victory is for their brows, but wisdom, my sfsferr is most especialfj needed Sr women, because their path U the most difficult anddelicate; they must bo on their watch tower, that they may see in the distance whatever may be approaching and so endeavor to be prepared, an Scripture enjoins them as wise virgins, that they may enter in at the open door, .' et ceter i. . ; Think not, ray sister, that these few hint3 are given in arrogance, surely not but in viewing x .recall wnat a enna 1 juut inI'urMut was experience when I entered the Church, how I needed to be fed and instructed in the thing3 that made for my future peace, comfort and exaltation in the new. life upon which I had so honestly entered; it was long .before I dared to walk alone, I felt indeed I was again learning to walk, and that again I needed heading strings- - andihe-Lar- d pfovdedth"eW" for me, even toa romance! ' Great will be your reward if you are enabled to stand firm and faithful to the end; do not expect a nath of rose?, you have ability to make them, and even your own heaven if you daily seek the Spirit of our God to aid you in laying out the talents He has given you; acknowledge Him in all thiags ' small as well as great;I fneed not remind you that "trifles make the sum of humsn tilings" I desire with all my heart to' see you progiesa in the kingdom of our God, and hence I found myself throwing Oilt Tiiy leeVmgs to you, even before 1 wtvs aware of it aceept them in love, in such I have written, and may God bless and help you, is the prayer of your friend, Bex. -- . , u pu.-Mnu- -- : t, , EPISTOLARY FRAGMENT. 1 WW:???' : co-partn- er ' , tion. :Aiid"now conies tho latter-da- y ' Baiflt men, A MORYlON WOMAN'S VIEWS. My ideas upon plural marriage are all based upon religion. I only accept it as a revelation in its most sacred phase. Mormon women .., a principle of faith, accept plural marriage as conscientiously as they accept baptism; and many of them 'have had powerful and direct testimonies from heaven in regard to. its being' a3 " "correct doctrine. ; 7"T: To enter practically into this holy order of ' matrimony it is absolutely essential to be de- - ; ' voted soul an-- body to the "establishment of J the Chnrcfr orGtxl must be dearer than all things else, and one be capable of exercising great faith in -must , God, and live nearer to Him in the strictest sense of the word, for it necessitates laying all upon the altar to embrace it. The life to come must be ever kept in view';' we do not live so much for this little interval cf time here, but to attain to an existence which i.s everlasting, where progression will be eternal, and where "there will be no limit to increase, and the exaltation will be glorious beyond all, "For eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, nor hath it entered into the heart of man to conceive." Such .marriages for time and for all eternity, with go much at stake are in very deed & all marriages' should br. It is the most holy and sacred relation that unites man and woman together, and demands from each-thhighf st and truestd'oTmrijf doveh'aidovcTT which is founded upon principle, not impulse, for feelings must not be allowed to control the actions of life, but principle raust.be the ruling sacra--ment,.a- s" e power. It is only those who pre pure minded and ', 