r,, - 'i. t t iI I j r a n f a1 l1 k ' I t..,. if - - - I v. i If i i if . - . .. M l .a . i M ! . ' h vH i s "P I B::""' Si - Tka Bights; othe" SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL 15, ' "LET THE UK BE LIGHT wluoli Iiaa niadcjne :ivrtrvrtWu) rather obnoxious to'toiue .of former 1 TJSUP what a world Is h 11-- hl! In all its ;randfaur, all-- its might, h inderdTFIrclFt from heaven, The grandest boon to mortals given;.. A vml'ol of Jehovah's smile, or dct'.'.r; " ' ' ran "That HJht ; T-'..- -- " ' ' snllj . An emblem of the realm alwe, l:ncnderki life, and h alth, a:.d love. . - Without a.stain it travels fpice, Itnought can injure or deface; II blesses earth with vivid ray, . , untold beauties iuto HLt." Mo blade of pra? could raise its head, No floweret leave its Itafy Ted, Did not this Jiht iio:i it ehine, - iginu if this orb of day ' li'-ht- - kept by n.';nOdonnom, and nfara I could learn,ijy Koman Catholic Christians.-.- vCan I sustain this? Another, that th-- soldiers of Cam) Douglas had nothing to do but drink whi.skty, visit, places. .of amusement, etc. Another thing, they had in the territorial prison in Salt Lnkc G2 :ri.ioner? of tlie rough- est kind of criminal .man. except two, andrthey were an innocent womnirand ,.thild,-?daee- d"Iherc for no other reason ..under heaven than thst ; fing to tell who nas the father of that child. Incarcerated in that vile 'prison ho'w with sixty j's vile creatures as God ever fuHhredin the. shape cf men A .u re, g and .evidently-virtuouwoman with a beautiful child just beginning to learn to "walk, kept in there and guarded as a fdou, because the majesty ol the law".so ordered it, accusing her of having insulted their dignity by refusing to answer their insolent questions, I told them of tiie pollmfr places, of the women vol in and of the good behavior observed at the pells That the people came well dressed and .with clean faces "and calm hat there' was no hurry or rowdyism permitted there, it was a? much a woman's election as a man'?. That the women seemed to understand what ther were voting for and who thev were voting for as well as the men, and that ho ?uch qu iet voting place3 were, to be seen i n any o f the states wherever I had been and I had been in nearly all of them. I found one man '.' here in filling an honorable place wh'at to (or be) who. did not know even ought that the women 'voted in Utah.: The great argument has been that you were all' growing up in ignorance on account ot yournoor aehoo'f svatern, but when Ttol.l them that Utali e'tood nearly as high in educational status as the people; of Massachusetts, (uising a nautical phrHS-they were all taken aback.' Ptow, the facts of my observation are, that for the seven weeks I spent in your beautiful city, I saw more wickedness, badness anions the Gentiles than the Mormons. "LThe Mormon idf-aof religion secm very a mi rd tome. J f TTwere mere children's phyit wpuld scni more in place, but for the plan and .way. ofsalvation it to cc "is Tim ply ridicu'eu vyct no more 'so than all otliers I. havo examined.'" Jt may be the best for aught I know, but I say, it fcemi to me very .foolish and !" "'Walk as children of Ibe liht." In thflliht that Hod has 'made; In the ennshln not the hado that Light nothing can obcu re, LiIjl that ever t hall end are; l.iht! the very einilc of God! Kovolvin even round flis rod; "As the children of the liht" I.ti u valk thro!:?h day and r.iU. ' Hasxaii Salt Lake City, April 1th, 1S3L T. King. A LETTER. -- T,Y A (J ENTILE. Feb: 23rd, 1884. Editor Woman's ExroS'ENT: T My homeward pasae wa very gatifyin; in dcvl over a uew line of road to. me, and new scenery to inttrett. I made some slight notc of this trip, which were lmblnhed in the Capital, Since my return I hre read every tliing-yo- u . Have examined gave me to Mrs. C it thoroughly, and the written statecomparing ments with my observed fact3 while in your city and Territory came to the onelu'sioa that you were truthful and of "good intent," to say the least. Mrs C.'s. feeling3 were evidently soilened toward.! her si.eters in "Salt Lke" T hen she came to know your side of the ?t ry bejbre she bad only. read and heard thtrrA liar side, much of it from tijc book pnbli?hed by Ann Eliza the 19th: How hard it. k to do justice to ourscdveeverrwhfii ancient preju-dic- o triumphs. Mr?. C. i utterly opposed to the Edmund's bill project of tlisf'rinchij-emenfand we shall both fight it to the bitter end, and' so wij 1 m oit ofuurik)-r ker d A Air" . -- -- - , w rt-Bo- stnii elsewhere. Among the statements . I have made since . ) s ; ab.--.ut- :c vour method u ha TibJU-niU-clu-irgu- d ft-inH- avrrf iHe as any of the rest have, as far la 1 can see. "And if a tree y to be known by its fruits, I must say that yours looks as sound . o - j - yoiiyur jiut and lawful rights. -.-- MrsXJs'ay-iitcUinng-- w ill dro a week an tenvaj a at-; horn ey I b. o sunimerr The legish'.ture ha?, ilon." wt II fir Temperance in iheSciiatc, we li c iT v ;!! U d t.;o we .op thvy amendment to thepeoj-Ie'y.iilhie 11 sei.-snaji Eicasc remember. me to Mr. 1 Wells anddho rest of the family; and remember me for'y'uir-- . sidf .as a friend ina!J just WiirkC hprae-jn c--- till - of-?- be-cnu- EXTIIACTS IvROM hope for yruiFsucrcss and that- you will puiify from' vour body.;.cofpo rate all the evikoflii(o ?s: fast as you find thorn out ho .radieal)iK-lhi'--'don't hesitate to do ri- ht, though the "heave ns flill." I shall .aid you in it all I can .and ever protest against cui" government planning or taking action to deprive hou-ean- s I : clean-lookin- . fl-ri- .. ftiid purge s " 'i . -- -- '. ' 0 - : ' T o il j '' i'-.- s. whiclvfUiiUyi policcTarcfS'-wer- o . YVasJrom our planet drawn away, this lwautous world Enulfin;; In lurid darkness to bo hnrlt3! ' And daath and blackness like a pall lishroudincj all this glorious ball. The very thought arrests our breath, 3o monstrous is the scene of deth. Yft day by day wo see it rise In grandeur in the eastern skies - Yet stdd-u- think mir Ieart to raisrj - j:v orateful and adojlug praise, - For that command "Let there by TJaa truiU of God disp.rsirg; niht. j ppajghalbtln "known to. the zz: bra t h of J ifc di vhi "Another staleincn't" right"'' co. m - I5rii:p 1 .22... you would abandon- ox n practice yuu berbne of the most prosperous pcopb in the world, in my opinion, ibr the other points of your religion, or them, teach fru-- : manyf gality, protection to each other and a ?.ytf-- of complete and universal industry. I ho)e the time is not far distant you will alk. e ild matter in what I believe to "be the wu- !;;; t and abandon a practice which will hu !v- 'n-tupon you lasting troubles of varied-kindile AVh in you r city i .reccivt d from your people the kindest Hn.gentlest of treatment, and 1 shall never cease to thank you for it, and I sha4'- doubtless cher bh aort .fJVflfoVr)n') - And life ift "wriod forma 6ley; Andwhereoevcr it may ph;a It tells of life and li-- hi divine. This genial, life engendering light, The very If J cornnr-omie- Ho. traitors to the government, but cannot 'make it out, al- - stated friendship.; was more thnn oO - d!)alirii44rf:imetil.utHii per Ccnt'Cofiiriiitte(ld)y; tno (p termed) GoutiJe population of Utah; which Statement I j'till feel' .rthie to ;Thi;was astounding. to them, for they bad an idea and ..thought they know, it was precisely .the reverse. This, of course,, they did yot permit to enter the 'columns of the pqx;r.-- f is published in the papers hero ha.'-- : a great dfcet on the average reader. J al-- o stated that all the "ruTr. holes" in Salt Like Ciiywith the execption of. tvo, o far a.s 1 could larn, were kept by the non-ror- mon population, .This 1 adhere to yet;, am 3L . nought' than i nnvV.hprp in have tried to. see wherein oujvt-r- n repub-lieamy' ajsockte I.;caiiafil)rd ,ta dose them all, Tioweverior trutii and jaetice. iq worth moVe to mo oo to moasanv 1'ow uT gi: .' -- T ii'A'1'.-nia- l ' J. II C. A: WOMAN'S TESTIMONY. "Itcre is a Tray vrh!di ncmeth i but the end thereof is death." ril.t ui.tj ia.ui, : "'""""'.'' , ".Wlion I read of the- - un cori.-.- i ( tj made by thorcTrho are not of us-toverlhtw the work the has commenced to bring about, tht great nnd Inst dispeiatifiu"7)f f ho fulness of time.-1- thi rer-c-j.msisi " curs t(T my";. wise men Tliiill ni rish." It fimiilrifrf Tcire'wel dingcrice an(l zal.' NVc iHve I)een taught to expect persecution, and many things mat tne i rop-nt.Jt. pn b.rttojo are rushing to which indicates a crisis at bond. fulfilment, In the fall of led') I baptized into the Latter-daJecUi Church 'of Christ of Saints. was father man a'mosf and My upright taught his "children to lie so. He did not believe in . the religions of tl;e day, but would say, "It is good to go to church and pray," but the truu priesthood is not with us." .These rematks k:d " me' to reflect, and I discovered, so far as.I had the opportunity, that all the'Chritian denoin-- ; L-or- , .of-ikMip- t! jxtiaili-rowWnrfthr- iT" y inationa cmbracfd fb'ntvt JU l!:v.ili li'ftr. in rvcvr l- -. solnej truths, but none of III. b i. r'ir.l tltli Ul iitJO lac. n i.uin irTatiiuiT nad the Lible- ULXIj-LUit- .. . .t i aviditv, and ponder cn the" "gTlh: ring .of .Israel from. the tour coiners of the earth, etc.," and rpicried, when will these things be'? I went to our veti' rabie clerivnian witli mv" .JU. ,.K ..i : .... Mo u il l.i' l. T. : a 'pmh, 'Mir niriiio-immtiy", r ie was Hind, and lent me books on the. subject: J. v. as not, at that time, aware that tho Lord was pre-- "' mind to receive the Gospel of Jesus paring-mChrist at the hands of an Eider, authorized by itli ' i . i j 7 -- -- 1 