W DM A N 8 rni: vKMt tiiat'h gonk. It hiu I'ttsffJ vry to thtf other tide of lifu'a vrlft river rolling tide, plete (he cycle, yet nothing ha :U we Bee thn change in the Again ' , Vi . v ; It has passed away, and, Bisters mine, What have wo sent on the wings oLtfme, Yhat have we stored in the harbor wide Ou the other side of time's swift tide? It has paeeed away, did It bear false pride And vanity on to the other side," "YYiUi fellish deeds and slander vile That turns to tears the angel's smile? T-- ; , eternity's shores they brightly shine. It has passed away, and wo welcome now The new born year with song and vow, Of faith received and friendship strong-M- ay they remain whllo time flies on. - Il ore. J. TANNER". Lay not aside your harp, dear frrend, Its musical air waves afar, 7 Trcm'Ious with its low, sweet sound, And other sad heartB stir v nobler purpose, truer love. If there's no bay for you now, To Yet angels, in their home above, Weave a garland for your brow. - poet merged in the woman, yes, Lighting a path for others to tread, Aye, the light of a gaidlngtarT A morning starforyouth's glad spring, To pilot a voyage of life; A beacon light to tho wayfaring, 8een above sin and strife. Your heart is heavy with life's great care, Cherished hopes shattered and lost; But should one crush a diamond rare, lie would treasure the diamond dust. .Those fragments of hope may brightly shine, Like atomsjjf diamond d ast, "When you have reached the hand divine, And given to others a trust. Then lay not aside your harpdear friend, Tho' you travel down life's hill, 'Twill cheer you on to your journey's end, And vibrate for others still. . r: - Then we see the furrowing of the plains by the rivers as they sweep irresistibly onward to the ocean,, carrying in their embrace the .mate-- -' rial for newcontinents,and the ocean ceaselessly lashing its coast gradually encroaches upon the land, moulding its beach into, varied forms of beauty. The mighty reefs thatTiave taken the little coral insects thousands of; years to build, the roaring cataract, the deep, dark caverns with their: colossal eol-- " -- umnaTjf acsolicimasoliry, all containing-thcumulated strength of age3, yet all are subject to change. If we enter the domain of the vegetable niuuuiu, u nuu urgauiiULioii and -- disorgam zation constantly taking place. The building up iuurgmjiu maiier into organic compounds, which after aggregating and arriving at maturity, kar seed, and by the process of to the elements from, which they were elaborated. The solid particles sink to n the earth that cradled them, while the volatile matters escape into the great atmospheric res . eryoir lrora wmch they were drawn the cycle is complete nothing is lost. In the life of man, says Draper, there is no going back; the morose old veteran cannot return to the genial confidence of early manhood, the youth cannot return to the idle and useless occupations of boyhood, even the boy is parted by a long step from the innocent creduThe course of man is lity of he should not accept the deprogressive, yet ception that all that he does is determined by his own volition, for at the close of our days we learn how great is the illusion, and that we have been swimming and struggling in a stream which in spite of all our voluntary motions has silently and resjstlessly borne us to a predetermined shore a shore .we all must reach; but this. is not the end all is not lost. Man may well stand appalled when he sheds the last bitter tear over some departed loved one, if he contemplate only upon the havoc "relentless nature will so soon make . upon the hallowed form before him; that , perhaps in y ears to come some s tcrdy oak w i 1 si u k" i ts" rootlets into the earth and take up all that remains of the one he cherished. This is true transmigration of matter, but not of soul The casket from which the glittering gem 13 gone is consigned to the cold embrace of earth, and although the casket itself yields to the irrevocable decree of decay and dissolution, its compounds resolving themselves into the inorganic constituents from which they were eleborated, all moulding into apparent "nothingness yet nothing is lost. To the materialist who looks upon man as a creature who lives and moves and has his being' upon this planet, and at last wraps his drapery: around him and lies down, not to "pleasant dreams," but to dream no more, how insignifi- " cant the end must appear, and what a mockery is life. Then would the Cyreniac's theory of happiness be the one to accept, that of the idea of pleasure being the chief aim in life, but anon the end cometh, which to the materialist Ah I but 'tis not bo, the soul, is annihilation, 1 ' Emily Scott. "NOTHING LOST." As we look around us in the 'laboratory of nature, we find that motion is one of the gov erning laws of the Universe; we see it in the faking of an aspen leaf, the trembling of a or tho swelling of an ocean. Motion uewdrop, involves change, and this change is made manm the most subtle ifest movements.; The silent roPPing of water wears away the hardest water self is converted into vapor Tnich rises to form the clouds; these condense, ana m the form of rain percolate the soil L ' the-nurser- true poet still, I ween, While a dear woman's tenderness . In the poetry sweet is seen. And the light that was just ahead Is reflected bright afar, . . yonder Jiurling the: sand with euch force against the stony masses that the sharp, angles'; ol' the particles. cut dike myriadsof aniond-points- , carvrnghdr way through the bulwark of rock, leaving' the dolomite standing ilike -the giant guarding pass to the "Enchanted Valley"- - the form 13 changed, but no- decay-retur- " . e It Las passed away, oh! may wo strive Our treasures to rend that they may arrive On eternity's shore and await ns there To encircle our brows with laurels fair. ' . :ettrnal in " the 'MSLAsd'X van- - ".. wi rock-boun- d Ou The A a o dates. -- or-.-gan- ic is lost w.hen this life ceases, hut when the 4last ; bitter hour comes;" hi3 physical powers weak- fcneu ana exhausted-xsi- n no - longer control the -strong spirit which yearns for its better home. . U n.iii. 4.1.:, ii.i . ". i .i iiiif uiai, WUICil VUC JJlf lUCglCUlttt u.tiie- Uti while upon his 'death .bed to exclaim, "Oh God ! if there bo a God, accept my soul if I have a soul !" ' When we contemplate upon the influcnce of man, we find that if does, not perish with the individual, but may be felt through all coming time. The divine influence of Christ has come uuu luruugu uie centuries, ana nas oeen a balm to thousands of human hearts; the truths-tha- twere discovered bv the ancients pypft. - 1 thing is lost. It Las passed sway, and has borne along, Unheeded by life's .tumultuous throng, fciwwt deeds of kindness end love dlvint, TO MARY if "to affect, no: crrci.ve'-.gtCt:tdfefetrov, freed from its' mortal clay, it wings its v. ay to ..it..God, there to await'and obvTHis "man- - . : " , the intangible is prewired, no corrupting jnjuj al and the i ros t. .' - - . 115 ht. oM rnountalns hy the wind, the rain Here ch m ing the rock into .of. architecture, reminding nnV forrcn grQtefciiie of the old eastlmin the d ay f ch li kalry th-r- 1 It has passed' away, and, brothers dear,, What have ye cent with the bygone- year? Were deeds oflbonorand mercy thine, Docs charity's mantle thy etores en twhie PON K N TV ffltr through th'j everfclfag 'returns to 4b; original condition nuro, vM water; com- d .Utter tr&rt, With U cargo of Bniilcn and trembling fears. Of joyous hoi - .V It ha passed away and the freight has placed -- Where lb nampa of Its owners are tloarly traced, " Shall we l.inv.ht)t)wn it, oh, pauso and think, r EX ; 1 their influence upon the world they are just as potent now as they were then; the to-da- y, teachings imparted at a mother'sknee haveguid- ed men ta theliighest pinnacle of honor and renown; words of purity and love emanating from honest hearts have been the guiding star to thousands who without them would have been wrookf-r- i nn the rt?iilrconf7a rP Ufn. "n T;1a singing down the centuries, and has been a beacon through to mariners.. . light myriads, of storm-tosseThe good that men do is never lost, but radiates from them and imbues with its benign -- influence all thatrcomes"withm7its sphere, just a3 heat radiates from the solar centre and gi ves warmth to the surrounding media. Tho wod aad the evil .that men do is not "interred with their bones," and the evil also has its sphere of dissemination, contaminating ' all who partake of its influence. Would that the grave could as effectually cover up the crimes as it. doea their wasted tabernacles; but 'tis riot 80, the wront? remains as a witness to condemn the oracle that sent it forth. "It needs be that evil comes, but woe unto them by whom it comes." Woe unto those who attempt to mar the fair face of truth, crush, the innocent, and witntne dark drawn dagger 01 the mind "drink deep the crimson current, of the heart," dark is the, record, they leave behind thejnf"'. dark will be the hour of reckoning. Truth is the principle that men should most seek after for it is eternal, auJhe who finds it and shows it to the world has accomplished a ' work that can never be lost. - - lm-inspiredagesgoTiaTc d of-me- n -- ; . "Gq Keek for the truth, 'tis tho brizhtest nrizo which mbrtals oftTodFcan asj)irc; Go search In the depths where it glittering lies, Or ascend in pnrsnit to the foftiebt skies, rlis an aim for tne noblest desire. ' - JTa -- Nations rise and fall, empires are only sandhills in the hour glass of time, they crumble spontaneously away by the process of their own growth' but their influence is not lost, that which is good remains through all coming time, and aids m guiding the destinies that are iff follow. ' Man should come tothe conclusion Orat his"' chief concernlswith himself, that his influence in this world is not lo3t, but lives after him to exalt or to condemn. ."Thou wast alone at the time of thy birth; thou wilt be alone at the moment of death; alone thou must answer. eat the bar of the internal Isi3." of-nati- ons . -' LThere are few signs in the soul's state more alarming than that of religious indifference; that is, the spirit of thinking all rejigiops equally u true, the real meaning of which is, that all religions 6are equally false,- - F. W, IioberUotu -- - 