increase ouUI her In nor.a on t h earth are ended , and the can; indeed exL'hirn, '' Lave foiight a good tUh", I have JiuHhe i ,my course; I have' kept the.faith: here rth there is laid, up for nae a crown of r ' h tec u n e , w h el i the' ;Lcrd, the righteous jaa&e, shall i ve u e a t t h a t day.V will lea J us to t he presence of one Lord and Ja vier. :" r Broi th- - nd vised a meeting to be held I - i- , 1- "month for the eftT.v-rf-, that they wight counsel together and better prepare theccfcelvea one-- 'nsuci&tiou to preside, over Pre-t- . Heir ek bore her tt stimcjity to the J . T?Ot'nt 'iti ' i'r. 'i i ? jl JnTT.i ' v ' It urnei . - V ' ' V .' ; on Monday, .of-z'i- on, ' - - , ' No, no, dear eister, you will find The footprints yon have left'bebinl I Will stand e ter hh y. - -- z v " . -I v of .he Anq the Ketef H6ctety..Qf;bnth-- ; Jordan. Among th guesisi sixtttn grt at graxid children were present, and lliofte were not all the great grand children of the Jady, who was the surprised recipient of the honors of the day. Over seventy sat down to supper, and one csn better Imagine than describe the Joy and pleasure of the happy ven-erab- meeting. been-th- n The aching hearts that yon have soothed, And by your kindness blessed, --"Will raise their prayers to God above To shield you by His arm of love And guide you ever more In paths of virtue, joy and peace; 1 in wisdom's waj s your life ne'er cease, In gilts for you in store. gtand chiidren ss well a fche hg.s Je . KiMer Beckstead has children, tt-- f.re ; ieen e mother of ttill livlu.r, and fif--te- en mny wjdogjjiore thanourteen yeary. -- ' J - iUt Ptckstead caD;e with htr husband and family to Utah iu 1849, and eettkd in North -Canyon, afterwards moved to what wa3 then known as the Jordan, and subsequent' called Bouth Jordan. The feged Jady is held in very high esteem by all who are acquainted with her. and her many friends will no dcubt join with her chiUren and relatives in wishinjhsr continued health, happiness and prosperity. Buch family reunions teem to strengthen the chords jf, Jove and unity wbch bi n dHoe ther 'friends :' and families, and make life more desirable and - After which Sister Minnie JBnopOiig Sbe' took much 81irIfy';''bccupiOTtime pleasure in laboring with the girls. We mnet cultivate and control oiir ftelingp; we can wlth out much difficulty master oar actions , but it requires a greater eflort to control our feelings. Tho young people are (he hope of ZIon, and mothers should instruct, their daughters in the principles of the Gospe?. Biaters . B. Rtcharda and Josie K. West said they had the kindest feelings towards alJ, and expressed their thanks for the kindness shown them while laboridg with the Central Board, and prayed for the prosperity of the associations ' . .. everywhere. ; Sisters BhurtlifTand.Monch-eacmade sbme well chceen very remarks; exhorting these pres ent to live up to the instructions given. Sisters E. Y. Stanford and J. B. Richards followed with much more good countel to the young, and advised them to live for the eternal world, and not hold so ftst to the perishable things of this world. - Brest. ShurtlifT appreciated the good advice that haaeen given, whicht if - lived' up to .' . . : ' enjoyable. ' "" nnf T Next morning we went to the "Hall" to Inthe elegant and useful articles made by spect the little hands of the members of the Primary A f 'PA s Tiol'fl mnii i inn nil 1 of o t ice n wou d be i mposs ible worthy vv'Afil tides O 1 An Miss Eva Despain had babies' socks on view she washed, carded, spun, colored, and knit them from lamb's wool. ' A number of little girls made a handsome quilt, procured the wool and calico, made the batte, patched and put . n A.A. a. . . riif s IKDE PENDENCE DA Y. BY A CHILD TWELVE YEAK3 OLD. The Fourth of Jnly, tr Independence Pay. I wonder how many of us know the meaning of this day. It ia the day that our forefathers declared their independence r from the mother country. And we find by reading the Declaration of Independence, how the" people of America were tyranized over by the king of .Great Britain. "He would keep among them in times of peace standing armies without the consent of their legislature, and would deprive them, in many cases, of'the benefit of trial by jury. He would have them taken over the sea to be tried for pretended offenses, and he would also suspend their own legislature, and claimed that be had the right of making their laws, just aa Governor Murray would like to treat our legislature. So I would adviBs all my brothers and sisters to -- them together, quilted, bound and finished in just as good work and taste as if done by their mothers. Ornamental cardboard work by Miss Lottie Halesvaged 12, and Miss, Viola Wooley, aged 5, was very beautiful. An almost unique antimacasscr by Miss A. E. But- - " ier,uged If), and one by Aiire A'. Jl ill ward gives uite a new idea of fancy work- - I noticed very pretty knit wool trimming iy Viola Despain, 12 years, as a very useful- ornament for. skirts; also embroidered necktie and collar : : by A. M. Wooley. I am almost puzzled what to say about the whole atrair, all were so well done and so cred itable,' I will mention card baskets made of spool cotton and cardboard, each jnedallion formihga frame for a pretty picture, which dLsplayed excellent taste, and were very beautiful. I will just mention a few names that deserve notice. A pretty bead basket by Minnie . Samuelson; Joan Judel a pair of wool pitchers; a cushion in raised wool work by Sarah Rich; other fancy work and useful articles .by Viola Clarke, A. McBride, M. J. Mc.Bride, --H. E. A T . A Amlfi-aoi j i nr. n f i. i W i4i ij 4auuv.i uviJ. V Halo j ni on," Gracie Hale, A. Judd, Katie and Hettie Hale, were exceedingly well done as displaying taste and industry. A little girl found some gia.-goblets with the stands broken off; she "made thelrough places smooth by rubbing on a stone, then got colored wool and crocheted handsome covers for them with tassels on the bottom,put in clay and then planted ivy Jn one, apretty creeper in another, and they were then usedln lieu of hanging baskets, and make a very pretty and handsome ornainentfor sitting room or parlor. . There was also a pretty good showing from the little boys, but not as large as we would - have wished to have seen; .therel was a good bridle made by a boy 8 years of age, J. H. Hale, real strong and 'well: braided, also a set: of gardening implements by Franklin Hansen, aged 7, out of wood with his pocket knife, consisting of shovel, spade, pick, ax, adze, mallet, fork, etc., and a good sample of early peas , ' by Chester Rydalch. There was a great variety of dresses, aprons shirt3, etc, made by hand and machine sewing, that would have done credit to ladies much' older; indeed, all the work was surpris- - ptri-ecuticii- B -- . grea grtshd children. ZHfster Beckstead was a Mormon" in fn early day, and trayehd up to Missouri about 1837; Fhared in the in (.'alawell and Ds Witt Counties, afterwards r acne to Illinois, left Nauvco in 184S and jourctyed with the Bainta to .Winter Quarters Her eldest son, Gordon, was a member of the famous Mormon Battalion, Such deeds are gems of purest ray, That ne'er grow dim nor" pass away, Where they are kept for thee As treasures hi the bank abovey Secure and safe they're locked iu love, And Father holds the key. h anniver- '"Holtf'Prefideut-.bf- The widow and the motherless, The sick, the cold, the fatherless, . Tho wear' and distressed, Thai you have fed, and warmed, and clothed,. . The separated for feyeral years. The Ui-howard and hi1 wife were present, aLo-His'e- r The sacred lessons you have glv'n; Directing thoiigbts to (iod and heaven,. Time never will erase; For they are carved in memory here, And tbeir good fruits will yet appear As buds, your life to grace. Their prayers will stand on record there .As pure as alabaster fair, A Credit to your name. And la due time they will shine forth As priceless jewls of far more worth Than worldly pomp or fame. e p --- - 1 1 to sary of her plsc? Ja Canada. The party emoted aiiu.--t tn irely of the Bgd Jaciy 'a own InmucdJate fami'y; four ho htu been daughters met on thnt - ; viit to nuAxi.--: villi:. elf birlu,-wbichnoo- - Tblnk not the good that 'ou lwve done, The gentle diieds of m'rcy shown Shall all 'forgotten be.' Juy:7:h, ,1 'President 'Mrs. M. A. Hun ter. was, as usual, full ol kindness : and love.. In her company JM rs. attended a very large Young and my and interesting meeting .of the teachers of the Relief Society, held at the "residence' of Mrs. welWrathail, who gave us. a whole-soul- ed which made our visit exceedingly pleas- come, - i calt-crtV- Spanish j .Granuville. FAMILY MLK ilNti r- Dedicated fo .Mrs, Emily S, Kicb.ards, on the occasion of her resignation us First Counselor to tbeTreel- dent of the Y. ,M.- I. A. of tho Welr Stake by Kathinda E, Monck'. ; Iii company with Sisters E. R. S. Smith and M. Voting, I had the pleasure of visiting the" women a organizations, of iooele Stake,, at Froii Sitor Harr7er. H un.'aet r, i.f Hoik y HI , ve have lieard I lie part'cjlare of u very pi: 3su.it pirty, which convened kt the reei'lfci;o -' His'er Untherine BecberaU, ccuior, f Kf.uth Joi'isn, LINES.,,.. - - l Klizabkth V. lllC'irAKDS, ivUTIflNJJA A MONCil. J. 'v 1 Mary A. Hi LEV, . as eia-t- er AogikXewis. T Fmilv J Newajan, ' Written for tho "Primary Star," I: Fork, Juue Sth., 1884; : -- .."'':. Hakait A. Hehuick, in tht Primary Afcsocl'ition. -- pi "s. ards?. by That we may alwnys be trua to oiir country Amriesn born citizens, ia tho desire of your three months, and closed by singing ome let us ttieW cur j .time y: puiut CJ piayli Uy.liii'. L. F. M t.c'i -- - country, for li.'hed in the V jian's Expnknt, si.d that 3. fcf I'? 0"rM r. . liR'Ji -iCopy of tile ..(.a mn- W-: with:the Constitution of our h&BZ&ntexi vilcn waft framed trood men. ' V.'nh tii-i ! s.-- teiih had been .of what paidf wheu: couferenje ad. upon her ami her household, and pray that the Ekme kin:! ppiri t rasy ever uide her m her new hoa4H&Ti'. f h vf r, d cvei ).t r here. -- a t h t3 J r . Si.-te- ; : -- , " ' , 