WO MAN'S $X merit were contributed, in fact too numerous LONENT 71 "that" they cannot see as we see? But there ar dressed the meeting, which was fidne so blind as thosa? who will largely attendhand made bed quilts was dimply- immense; ed,and a spirit of thanks ral(i' rejoicing was. , We certainly live in; a great and important and pattern, i " consisting of every kind,-stylmanifest. v..": V , r ageof the world, when ithe great J Jrparatorj,;--At 2 p.m. the meeting house, was packed to J many of which must have tat-- weeks of pa- work is-- being performed, to prepare a "pen pi. 1: tient application to make. The various kinds its utmost capacity;' Sifters Taylor and Home for the great reign of rest spoken of by the crochet of needle, z: to the sisters inspoke ancient and modern prophets; when Satan will anvliiinflirbrk; fancy upon many subjects of cushions, wax flowers and fruits, heart, terest, and. the Spirit of God rested upon them, iaye no more power oyer tne inhabitants of to the edification of "all. ' tidies, infant's dresses, and other useful articles-wer- e the earth. To accomplish this object mission well and creditably represented, and the On the 12th the Y. IV amfyp. A. held their aries are being sent - to every nation underthe dmiration-which conferences, wh icb werewell attends! f and a many of the articles elicited heavensrwhere they will receive them. The wise-tha" good cannot be,, other n tho?e pleasing-t5. spirit prevailed. At o'clock p m., at a joyful tid frigs have gone forth that the everwhose interest and sympathies inland for the a meeting of the Y. L. A. of Richfield, the lasting Gospel has again been restored, and tie fair and its object led thein to liberally, donate; inhabitants of the earth will have the opporpresident having sent in a resignation, she was released and a reorganization effected. Every ward in the Stake contributed more tunity to escape the terrible, judgments and or less to make the undertaking a success,' calamities which shall immediately precede tho Monday the journey south and east was reA restaurant was opened in connection with sumed, visiting and holding meetings at Ce'nv coming, of the Savior. This enrages Satan the fair which was liberally patronized, and - tral, Elsinore, Joseph, Monroe, Annabella and and he. endeavors to stir up the hearts of ti e . r- Glen wood. satisfaction given with the excellent manner in At this -- point our party were all people to destroy those heralds of salvatiou which the cuisine department was conducted. much and mercy, who,sare sent among them to provery disappointed in having to part with The Coalville brass band rendered excellent Sister Taylor, who was summoned home by claim glad tidings of great joy to the sons an d service Tin discoursing music at intervals telegraph on account of sickness in the fam- daughters of men. fair. the How blind their eyes to the great and ster-lin- g throughout . Tne next morning, the 16th, we started for conference held on qualities of those men who go forth wilii "Arourtatequarterly the Sunday following the lair, the efforts of .Grass Valley, arriving at Koosharem in the in their hands, without purse cr . their, lives the sisters and the success that attended their and two to afternoon, holding meetingsscrip, gather out and glean for the last tinv-On the 17th proceeded to Rabbit Valley, thdse choice ones who are worthy of salvatioiu labors, were spoken commendably of, and a vote of thanks tendered them by the confer-- and from thence came to Fish Lake. The world do not know this people, nor do they ' '" The journey, though rough and tiresome, ence.. take "much pains to find but anything in our On. Friday evening a grand ball was held in was delightful to the eye. The hills and valfavor; if they did they would thin k differently C ... 1. - j. the County Court House., under the manager were clothed in beautiful robes of green of vi m. xu" twnajcaxe-we-wnaileys r ineir. opm icriris; ment of the sisters: which wa3 well attended we are in the hands of the Lord, in Him U various shades, and dotted here and there with and a most enjoyable time was had. trees and shrubbery. The Lake is picturesque our trust, and He will not fail us if we ae The sisters are highly complimeted by all and romantic, lying, as. it does, in the tops of faithful to our duties, attend to our prayeri, for the success that has attended their labors, the mountains, surrounded by trees and beauand live up to every principle revealed for tho and the result is Strikingly illustrative of what tiful, fragrant wild flowers. guidance of .his people. Without we do this On can be accomplished by united effortwe the have no promise of protection when tim s 19th If the and, 20th attended the Stake brethren of the Stake will labor as earnestly Conference of the Y. M. M. I. A. President come that shall try men's souls. and zealously as the sisters have done, itwill Woodruff and Bro. Jos. A. West were present, S. M. P. :: - : , and an excellent time was enjoyed by all,there not be long ere our beautiful Stake Tabernacle will be completed, when we will then have a being about 600 persons present. WOMAN'S VOICE. commodious and suitable place to hold our At the close of the afternoon meeting on. 4raw-periaUattentio- ..PIil?L'l'n-SistersHorne-and-Richardra- d---: h-tor riot-see-----.- - . e n " " , ' .. ; ; . -a- o . - ; - r . . : :; -- T.-i.- . - ' . " quarterly Stake conference in without a large pjrtion of the gatherings upon those occasions being under the necessity of occupying "standing seats" outside the meeting house. -- B. VISIT THROUGH SEVIER STAKE. On the morning of the 7th 6f July President Elizabeth Bean, her counselors, Sisters Jane Spencer and Thirza Thurber, and Sec. C. A. Hunt. left Richfield en route for Gunni-powhere they met Sisters M. I. Home, Jane S. Richards and E. S. Taylor, who had come thus far on their way to visit Sevier Stake in the interest of the Relief Society and Y. L. M. I. A., and to attend their quarterly conference t Richfield. " We spent the night at Gunnison where a meeting of the sisters was held, addressed by the sisters from Salt Lake, and also from Richfield. , The nextldaylw& took up our journey south, Jv Sal ina. visiting and holding: meetings at Red mond and Aurora, arriving at Richfield on the evening of the 9th. Tbe next day was spent in rest, and in the evehing we attended a party gotten up by the Presidents of the two societies, Sisters Eliza- beth Ence and DorcFamsworth.-The- y were and members of 2 assisted byltbeirZcounselors the societies and Y. L. A. . The hall wa3 dec- orated with evergreens, flag3, banners, pictures, etc., and presented a beautiful appearance. Elderly persons, and those- - not wishing to join in the dance, found comfortable seats on the stand, it having been arranged for that purpose, While younger person-?- , or any who felt disposed, joined in the social dance. However, dancing was interspersed with songs, recitations and a beautiful poem of welcome and good wishesaddressed to the sisters of S..L., by Bro. Wm. Morrison. The next morning, 11th July, the quarterly conference convened, Prest. Elizabeth Bean - n, r S.iturdav. the 19th, Prest. Woodruff a sisspecial meeting, in which he requested the ters to occupy the' time. Sisters Horne and Richards spoke with power and eloquence, being led by the Spirit. Sunday evening came down to Burrville and JEditor Exponent: I feel to take up my pen in behalf of my Father's work upon the earth. I feel that pei -- '. held meeting. to Richfield, holding meetMonday returned ing with the Primary at Glen wood as we came meetthrough. In all we, held twenty-tw- o ;" :.p"r ings. : ' - -- The next morning Sister Richards started home, but Sister Home, being ill and fatigued, with so long and rough a journey, stayed a few days longer to rest, and until her health should be improved. We all enjoyed our labors, and felt that they had been attended with success. We here feel to tender our thanks to Bishops J. L. Home, Bros. Albert Hagley, Thomas Butler, Jos.; Parker and Thomas Ross Sen., for furnishing conveyances for. us, and their services as teamsters, and likewise all others who assisted or contributed to our comfort. Praying that God will bless all those who labor for the welfare of Zion, we remain, Your sisters in the Gospel, Elizabeth Bean, President, C A. Hunt, Secretary, . ; r--j - Editor Exponent: While sitting. alone this lovely Sabbath morning meditating upon the great and glorious truths revealed in our ; holy.. religion; my heart 'swells with joy and gratitude to my Heavenly Father, that amongst the. few, comparatively speaking, Ihave been the happy recipient of the truths of the everlasting Gospel "revealed through our beloved "and martyred Prophet, Joseph Smith, and I thought how strange indeed- - a marvelous work and a won der; Why is it that the world are so blin , n,-" - A VOICE FROM MESA. secutionsare beginning towards the. Saints i.i order to more fully unite them. I can see th prophecies spoken of through God's nroDhet.-- j . being fulfilled, and though we live far" fro n Utah, we in this country have perhaps as muc i to contend with, with the outside world, as th people do in Utah. There are but few Latte day Saints here compared with the Gentile , who are exerting all power possible to perst cute and drive from their homes the people r.? God; their threats are great, but I. know the-- ' can do no more than our Heavenly Father wii i allow them to do. ' In the trials I am called upon to pass through from time to time it is an exceeding great ju: to have the privilege of reading the Exponent, which after taking for a while I canno-d- o without. I feel comfort in trials to read tho words of ray sisters who have likewise the." troubles to share." Thoucrh Dersecutions mav cj i j this we people, and rage against may bejdriveii hither and i hither., I know bv bearing all with , , patience a reward awaits the just in heaven. as "I sit "in reverie alone, my mind Li? brought suddenly upon the comraandmento uf God, wherein, if obeyed, lies a full exaltation for all who will obey them; yet how few thera are who do obey every commandment given. Therefore, I fully realize that persecutions are needed to unite the Saints, that they may lay by their follies ;aod! work the works of right"t-Ofte- ; eousness. I was ' struck with sorrow '.' in " reading an ac- count of the two Elders who were martyred in Tennessee, and have wondered how mni:y would be taken away in like manner. But how thankful we should be to God that v. e have been the recipients of His holy Gospe : instead of the persecuters of His divine wor:. There are but a few of ys in this settlement j - 