' H A W OM liJiw, and that they were In a measure sweetly repaidor all their labors. y to all those the delightful things was a "fish pontfj" which created a fond of enjoyment for ' alL Thif cncluied the eTentfu! day, and i feel it will long ba remembered by all present, their usual winning way, and I felt refreshed and edified as a child of large growth. - - - H. T. K. . - accumulated considerable property and provided a comfortable home for his family, which were seven in number when we moved from that place. Although I was quite young when: we left Ohio (being about seven years old), I remember a ; very pleasant , have not had since. r In the fall of 1830 four men came to my fa ther's house having the Book of Mormon; they claimed to have the Gospel which had, been re stored - acrain in the last davs. Father told: 'them he thought they wereimposters: when El der Cowdery,who was one of the four men(the others were P. P. Pratt," Peter Whitmer and Ziba Peterson), said he was thankful that there knew- - the heartSTX)f was a all men. V ' , V What they said muhave made considerable ; impression upon father mind, for as soon as they were gone he sent; right away after them and bought a Book of Mormon. My mother believed mpre readily 'and was baptized by Parley P. Pratt. Father concluded to take a trip to New York and soo the Prophet for himsself Ihe following is v, hat Brother, Joseph says ot him in his h istory: "It was in Dec, 1830, that Elder Sidney Rigdon, a sketcaof whose history have before mentioned, came to. enquire of the Lord, and with him came that man (of whom I will here- after speak more fully), named Edward Parti, ridge; ne was a pattern "of piety, and oneof the Lord's great men, known by his steadfastness and patient endurance to the end." The Prophet baptized him in the Seneca Lake on the 11th of Dec, 1830. He then went to visit his relatives who resided in Pitts-fielMass., anxious that they should hear the joyful tidings that so fHJed his heart with gladness. He thought they had only to hear to believe, but oh, how disappointed he wa3 when they notrtraly rejected his message, but him also." They said he was crazy, and one of his sisters, Mrs. Emily Dow, ordered him out of her house and said she never wanted to see him again.- The shameful treatment of his friends was so unexpected and uncalled fer that it weighed heavily upon his mind, but served to strengthen him in the faith of thejreligion he - mjucaj fiiater Ellen Clawson, Sister Carrlngton and Sister Crccheron eaoh addretaed the children In ' DEDICATED TO THE MEMORY OF MR3. L. W. ELDREDQE. . -- Theiad newsthat reached our ears AN'S - feX P O N E N T. announc- ing the death of Bister Lizzie Winder Eldrt dge, tank deep Into the hearts of relatives and friends. I was personally acquainted with her, lived a near neighbor to her for six or seven years, and admired her traits of character as a true Latter-da- y Sain t. In all her acts of life she showed a thorough good training of a wise and J adlcious mother. In her short life she accomplished more " than one of the ordinary data of women. Her whole life was devoted to her religion; she wai ever present at her meetings, her children, neatly dressed, were alirayd with her, aDd her huibind at the Sunday School and 8abbath meetings. They 'went hand In hand together. -- With a young babe In her arms she assisted her husband In the Sunday School, acting as teacher and repot tar. Present' at the Belief Scclety , she there acted as Secretary and and an encourager of home Industry. She also look an active part in the Primary meeting; took untiring pains to tetch her; young sisters to be useful. Helped the secretaries and teachers, and spent a great 'dVaVof Um to te-rud correct mlautes,ln Uie midst of her family cares and duties. In her domestic life she was economical and prudent. Her house was ever ready to entertain her associates In, and adorned with the work manship ef her own hands. She was a woman of education, and had a tact for business, in which she assisted her husband. She attended to all her household datiea, and has gone from a life of .usefulness to a more useful one even than this, a higher and broader sphere of action. Her husband has a treasure eternal there Immortal ona. May he emulate her example in the culture of his children. co-wor- ker God-inrheaVen-w- ho d, . . had espoused. What a bitter Spirit lays hold of the unbeliever as soon as the truth is presented to them; and those who profess the most religion are the most uncharitable. When father returned to New York, his parents sent his youngest brother,' James Harvey Partridge, to accompany him, they thinking him deranged and not capable of taking care of himself. But this brother, afterhe arrived in Painsville, received the Gospel and was baptized From New York to his home father traveled in company with the Prophet, who family to Kirt ' i Deu husband and children, Short is the time of our parting; It Is near at hand the millenium, I shall come In the morn, the first resurrection. M. A. M. Pbatt. was-moving-- "AUTOBIOGRAPHY" OF EMILY D. P. YOUNG. The following sketch of the life ofone of our faithful eisters, told in her own plain un var " nished style, will be doubly interesting to our readers because of the graphic manner in which ' she describes the most thrilling .and pathetic ' incidents that have ever transpired in the his-Samt' OjV'e commend tory of the Latter-da- y and recommend it to our readers as one of the . most interesting pen pictures ' we have ever read: ; r -- - I was bora in the town of Painsville, Geauga Co., Ohio, on the 2Sth of February, 1824; am the third daughter of Lydia Clisbee and Edward Partridge. My parents were born in the . State of Massachusetts, and immigrated, while young, to the State of Ohio, and there became acquainted and married. My father was a hatter, and by industry and; perseverance had land, which place had been appointed for the " gathering of the Saints. Father arrived home m the early part of Feb., 1831. After his return, hig old and most intimate friends who had been anxious for him to go and find out the truth of the - reports about the Book of Mormon because of their confidence' in his honesty and superior judgment, pronounced him crazy, as his relatives had done before when he declared to them that Mormon-is- m was true. The Saints began to gather to Kirtland from all parts of the country where the Gospel had 3eenpreached;and-a3:we-livedaboa- r threes miles irom the boat landing, our house made a good stopping place for the Saints, and we had more or less of them stppping there from that,, time on while we remained in Ohio. After my parents had joined the Church they, were seized with- the spirit of gathering, as every body is as soon as they are baptized. They bought a place in Kirtland, bur they never nau the privilege of living there. Father Wa3 called by revelation and ordained a .Bishop on . -- - the 4th of Feb., 1831. In July following Jm4 was chosen, with several other brethren, to ac , company Brother Joseph on his journey to the: land of Missouri. They , reached Indepen- about the middle of July. dence, Jacksro-S.Mother felt that her trials had commenced when father was called to leave her at that time." Hec.chil were just recovering from the measles, which disease had been brought there by some of the Saints who were journeying to Kirtland, and her eldest child was very .sick with the lung fever. It was a new thing for her to be left alone in the hour of trouble, or to have any responsibility outside of her family or household rs.ButBhejwa3 cne "I.of the "staunch and true," and knew it .would not do to put the 'hand to the plow" and then turn back. She could acknowledge the hand of the Lord in her afflictions as well as her , . blessings.!--: After the brethren had located Zion and transacted other necessary business, the most of them returned to Kitland, leaving my father Tin theand of Zion, as ho had been appointed by revelation to labor in that place, take up his residence there and send for his lamily. I think it was something of a trial for him to be left there, he wrote to mother expressing great anxiety about her and the children. It seemed to him a very great nndertaking lor mnthpr fa "break upher-hom- e and prepare for such a jour ney without her husband to advise and make the necessary arrangements for her. In those days the Saints were inexperienced in such . things; and I think if father could have looked forward into the future and beheld what his family would have to pass, through for the Gospel's sake, he would have been still more anxious about them. But the Lord in mercy withholds the future from our gaze, or that portion that would cause us unhappines3, and gives us strength to bear the reality when it comes, even that which we could not bear in anticipation. Father felt that he had a very great responsibility resting upon him,and his own words that he wrote irom Independence on the 5th of Au-gi831, to mother, who' wa3 still living in, Painsville, will bettei express his feelings than any language of mine could possibly do. He . ml says: "I have a great desire to return to Painsville this fall, but must not; you know I stand in an important station; and as I am occasionally chastened, I sometimes feel ss though I must fall," hot to give up the cause, but fear mysta-tio- n is above what I can perform to the acceptance of my Heavenly Father." Father's business was left in the hands of his agent, and his property, what was sold at all, was sold at a very great sacriSce. His course in joining the Mormon Church , and sacrificing his properly, caused his friends in that place to marvel, and their verdict was as that of his other friend had been before, that he was in"' ; sane. could see not what there was in religThey ion to make a man give up all worldly con3id- erations for it, and that is still a mystery to the world. Ana we cannot wonder at it when we consider how little they have in their belief to create hope or exchange their bodily comfort for. But ours is different; it is everything. There is nothing too dear to sacrifice for the hope that our religion gives us. One of my uncles wrote to father as follows: t"Yoii say.the world with all its pomp and show looks very small in you? eyes; I have every reason to believe it," from the manner of disposing of your property, particularly, your farm, which I learn d horse for." you have received a It was in the fail .of 183L or the spring of '32, that mother started with her family for Jackson Co., Missouri, in a company of Saints under the direction of W- - W fchelps and A-S.. Gilbert. Mother. must iave had a great deal to try her on this journey that wp, as children, . fifteen-year-ol- , 