A P i 1 1 - ! via 4 lv to til nrtf1 1 . A w- - ' T ; ceftbv&ir - we look forward to our quarterly conference with the anticipation of having a good time. c n c i t a t g 1 t c on, anu wisFtoYaiso my voice in the defence of this jtytvcti Ask the records of. the divorc- e- courts. Why .not petition Congress to abolish all systems of marriage because people have suffered in it? " The exercise of eviisionseinshness ' ajraetamprovement-8ince"ihattimeWFear- ousy, envy, anu mance, win cause troubles in every conditioAjQt of humanity are allowed to predominate sorrow follows. There is no greater field for the exercise of all Jhat is pure, noble and divine in woman's nature, and jthe truer the woman the more happiness she will see in that order. Aside from all reasonable arguments of a physical nature (and there are many in its favor) we know that God has again spoken from the heavens and commanded His children to obey that law. We accept this knowledge in our faith, consequently there cannot be any com- pulsion. Woman is perfectly free to make her choice of a husband and when she does so understandingly and prefers some honorable. virtuous protector, even though he has other wives, has she not the right guaranteed by our glorious Constitution to life, liberty, and the, pursuit of happiness? Congress"says "we shall find these treasures as it dictates our own conshall not dictate, but God . has spoken science, t TfW ' t we nave neeaecr His voice and look to Him 1 .. A Mormon, Wife. for protection. WOMAN'S VOICE. . Editor Exponent: ' ' . ". ' . I have had a desire for some time to write a few lines for your valuable paper, as I feel interested in the youth of Zion, being President of the Young Ladies' Association of this . place. I feel it my duty, and consider it an honor to teach and instruct my young sisters in the principles pertaining to their welfare and advancement in the Kingdom of our Father. When we consider our condition as a people,- and the many blessings we enjoy, we have all reason to reioice, and we ought to thank the Lord every day that we life, that we have apostles and prophets in our midst to teach us His mind and will concerning us as a People. We ought to "Serve the Lord more faithfully in the future than we have in. the past. ,1 feel that we have been too careless about our d uties as true daughters of Zion. I fear we do riot value our privileges as we might, The Mutual Improvements ARaoriatinna doing a great deal of good; they are the means of stirring us up to a sense of our duties. The Lord has promised e will be faithful in the discharge of our duties, and humble ourselves before Him,, He will overule all things for the good of His people. : : The whole nation seems to be plotting against us as a people. In the halls of Con-grein the pulpit and in secret combinations, though we need not fear them if we live up to our privileges and the requirements of the This' Church been persecuted ha gospel. from the very first. They have slain the Proph-t- l Sd Patriarch, and expelled the Saints from States; yet the work of God does not cease, Jesus says, "Rejoice and be exceeding glad, for great is your reward in heaven, for so persecu ted they the Saints and all the holy prophet tiiat were before we live our religion If you." wi h uprightness before the Lord we will have nothiQg to fear, for" the Lord has power to take caro of His own. We read that He says He tried Z:1 h?7e eren as gold tried s?ea timti by fir people, Thw, special legiikticD 3. - 4, is readoncea month in our meeting. We hold our meetings every Tuesday evening, which are well attended, and we have a good time. Not wishing to be tiresome I will close, with kind wishes and success to the Exponent. ' St. Johns, Apache Co. Arizona, Jan. 1884. Editor Woman's Exponent: Editor Exponent: Grantsville is seldom heard from the reason is probably because y incidents seldom occur .here. It is a quiet, cheerful religious, temperate, industrious little place. - in- - these There is nothing y adjectin this fast age. By the way, we are ives famed for our hospitality. We have had a pleasant time during the holi-- j days, with theatres, concerts, lectures and balls." Auxiliary in making our town pleasant is our music, instrumental and vocal; we are blessed to an unusual degree in that respect. We had a pleasant "Thanksgiving social festival" in the Social Hall a few days since, gotten up in quite a commendable style by our' pleasure-J-o v- ing community. Music by the orchestra band, also other instrumental music; songs, speeches, recitations, essays and anecdotes, interspersed with dancing, which is not so popular as in. days of yore, as the people seem to be cultivating the head " more than the feet Supper in the meeting house having table-rooand accommodation to seat 216 at once. . On the following day we had a children's picnic party; 400 children participated in the dance, and partook of the good things. The whole affair was indeed enjoyable. Round dancing is discarded entirely, very much in opposition to the inclinations of the young people, who submit quite gracefully and " quietly tojit, as it is the wish of the authorities to do so. Owing to the mild, open winter our Sabbath School, Primary and other meetings are very well attended, also the day schools. There has been a Methodist school started here; it not being very well attended,in time probab; ly they will be frozen out. The health of the people is good. A pood spirit universally predominates, and all glides along prosperously and delightfully. note-worth- -- - : s. erson. m Our Primary. i progressing under the ablo management of Sister July Bingham, who labors unceasingly iii its iuterest; she, with tho help of her assistants, is " doing; a good work among the children. They are preparing .to give an entertainment at the end of this quarter. The ouug Ladies' Association ii also well managed and prosperous. The Ladies, Quarterly Gjnfereiice of this of stake convened in this place on the December, presided over by our Stake Presi- dent, Sister Emma Smith, upon which occas-sio- n we received much good instruction from President Jesse Js. Smith, and others of the leading brethreti of the stake, as well as mauy of the sisters, &ud we felt well paid for meeting . r together. With lSsuxJLlieutmiiea-suc- ? of the Exponent, I subscribe myself, K. Yours truly. ... . " -- , : " Grantsville, Jan. 20th, 1884. . I believe it is a long time since you have heard from the sisters in this far away part of the land. I think we are endeavoring to do the - best we can- - considering the circumstances which surround us. Sister Lucinda Richey President of our Society, is a good, kind, motherly woman, ever onjiand.to do good in a quiet way. Our So- - ' ciety gave a social picnic party in the Assembly Hall, on- the evening of the 18th ult, which was a complete success; all who participated en- joyed themselves immensely. -- It was especially planned for the enjoyment of the aged and those who did not care much about dancing, as there were other amusements, including singing, recitations, etc; altogether it proved to be one of the most enjoyable events of the season, owing to the untiring efforts' and" zeal of our efficient committee, viz.', Sister3 Ella Udall, Helena Jenson, H.liza lenney and hraraa Patt, note-worth- now-a-day- -an- y-patient4o-tha CORRESPONDENCE. Susannah Heiner. . iid -- e; ..writing a - small - paper;which - 1 not-haje.to.S- " great wort. Our association has been organized thm years the 9th of last December; there has been -- .... name in every good cause. You of course know nearly our circumstances in hearing that we are comparatively a poor people, and mostly young, but we are not forgotten by pur, Heavenly Esther, as we are blessed with health and strength in our midst. We hope we shall t excellent institution the Hospital. We sent two quilts there one year ago lasticonference. However, we feel like doing all we can in do- 4iating for the .. Hospital, for we think - it will .prove a greatjjlesj VlTall join in sending our best wishes to who are interested in the welfare of Zion those -j Your sisters in the Gospel, Jane M. Walton, President, Irene U. Haskell, Secretary. nearto u -- 143 secret combinations ought to have the ten dencyof making us live nearer to the Lord, for He has promised if we will draw nearHim? lie :will draw us that I hare had y ears of conclusion I wilr-adexperience in plural marriage and do solemnly testify that 1 nave :ueen so nappy and content- -- eti with my family that 1 have never on moment for regret, 'but" some" will ask,- - Are ... ihor not trials in that order? Certinvih.v-- . d husband-and-.hisrkin.ffwfip- ONE N T - . , . if-w- 5 , w, Dear Editor: Bluff City, Jan. 9th, .1884. DIVERSITY OF THOUGHT AND EDUCATION. Inanswer toyoursof Nov. 30th we wish to say we were very pleased to hear fronijrou in connection with Sister E. R. S. Smith, also to find that we are not entirely forgotten in this far off have almost thought sometimes. Not hearing anything in the Exponent concerning the Relief Society in this part; therefore we are pleased to get a few wrords of counsel and instruction from you. It will be almost beyond our expectations to have the pleasure of seeing any of the sisters visit us here, as we are so from isolated that had it not been for the DesereT News and our. excellent little paper, the Exponent, we should almost fancy ourselves separated from the Church, but, however, we feel like attending to.our duties as best we can, and as a rule union, prevails in our midst, and all vnntrr as head-quarte- wp. rs irsjrybg todo thtinpart, that women men. Some as as do not, can not, think deeply people aver that it is because they have (more been- educated to especially a few years-pas- t) It - is a generally accepted idea think differently, or rather for their education to consist of another class of studies. ' It is only lately they have been permitted to attend universities and colleges, they have generally studied the common branches of educa- tion music, language, and some fancy work, even drawing and painting only being indulged In by a few; but now that they commonly study botany, physiology, chemistry and many other of the higher branches in the high schools, andso many graduate, it will certaiuly have a tendency to make us think more deeply, and .in time we xaaylbe credited .witlvecientifidif-7 . a- 