V OM 46 .'Ob.if hutbands could only. realz how tireo- 100) to a. wife are; these little endearment, they ariamy iioi-D- i' ea gruugingiy given.- A woman appreciates these seeming her times of trouble and tieknesjs than ' ehe ttitt when a blushing inalden in the old trifles-far-mrelr- riurtlfigrayeTr eous I Jf r ate' tb at4hewff h6L', "he itbe 11 1- - i fcr- - ; of t ea-y-- ta -- ti e same time, while paaiig throngh. heart me of the trifrl peculiar 'to her sex,-helyaai oa (or a littlo word ofJove; she hungera ami hirsts for. these endearments which were once ;io lavishly lea to wed, and doub ts of hl continued love foica theimelvei upon her? until she;: btcomes m ody,niif erable, and, at times, able. , How little irwouid cost him and how it would lighten the burden of her" some-timovercharged heart, to epeak one word of II, etiorv which would act like niajic, dispel " theciduds and bring aanEhlne IirtheirBteal; r es -- tka. ; xENIOR HE rRENCHMENT MEETING,. -- tereeyerefrheir '..erforts-t- d Tabe-silkras.-i- ef no doubt1 Decome a lucrative employ- ; .being Iraised :in Anier--ic- a instead of being imported from France and China. . The Young Indies' aud Primary Associa-- . tions are doing a good work. The minds of the young are expanding, and i a very many cases they seem able to grasp the truths of the Goepel and;comprehend its first principles. May the Lord shower down his blessings upon those who organized, and those, who sustain those institutions. M. A. G. B , Secretary. I ':- --- -'- - ;' ;; - --- r " . ; TEMPE, ARIZONA. On the 18th of January, 1884, the Primary .Association , of Tempe wa3 organized : under the direction of Prest. D. T; LeBaron with Vilate E. LeBaron, President; Geneva Johnson -- and Mamie Hawley, Counselors; Winnie Johnson, Secretary and Treasurer. We have ly Jib?aesinr tji.cr o. a. r unnier, pbintedLout ' those who had embraced cejestial marriage; the privilege should not everyone who still for ihirk this duty,. it is our duty as much as to maintain anything ebe every right that we wo. for if are enjoy, negligent even this right-ma- y be taken from us. , A ; n Umber of the brethern and. sisters ad V vanced principles that all will do well to re. member and practice through our lives; ' A letter : from Sister. E.' B. Wells, a portion of which was read, was appreciated very much indeed, for. though we are depri ved of the )rivilege of having those sisters meet with lis at present, we are happy to hear from them. . .The Spirit of the. Lord was with'" us and all seemed to enjoy, themselves. Conference adjourned till the Gth of Feb. 1884 to' meet at Ferron; Singing. Benedic-- . tibn by Bro. W. Avery. i rU. Anna Lars en, President, Annie E. Seely, Secretary- . . " : . - --- . PRO VO,' UTAH STAKE. linutes of the. Relief Society of Utah Co., held March 30th, 1884. Present on the stand Counselors Mary John and Rhoda Lyman. Visitors frorn the city, Sisters Snow nd opened with the usual exercises of singing and prayer. The minutes of last conference read and approved.. As there were no written reports the Presidents gave short verbal reports. The societies," as a general thing, were in a flourishing condition, and wide awake to their duties and responsibilities. Sister John, after speaking a short time, introduced to the conference our new Counselor to Sister Smoot she having never met 'with us before on account of ill health. Sister-Rho- da Lyman then expressed her pleasure at meeting with the sisters, and her desire to help with every good work; also bore her testimony to the truth of this Latter-da- y work, and desired the faith and prayers of aii. ... Sister Horne waa pleased to listen to Sister Lyman, who was a capable woman and who would yet become strong and do a mighty work. Horne.-Conferenc- ; . -- . Semi-Annu- al 1 7 Jt-nkin- e, ap-prov- ed, , theeceiwXr. JaJ yMnx rhand'6Sion was-offere- er was , ino nrst speaker beihion; d'ay though the right of frairchise had "been wrested from ra , Benedic- fternoon5S -- . the-membe- Singing. . The Ladiet' regular4 meetiug Man held ip the Fourteenth Ward Assembly ..J too uib on Baturday, August 9, eo m raeneing at ance of thirtyfive. Our programmes are well 1' p.m., C joes lor Zina D. H. Young pjaidJhojriA carried out, although are mostly : After stnghjg pwyer by Mrs. Mary under ten yeara of age. The children are.all A. Fre z?, and x bisters Howard, Home and willing to do their best. We meet once a week Kimball prayei for, that they might be speedand all seem to feel well in their" labors with Minutes of previous the Primary. ily revered to health. r , ; Your sister in the Gospel, meeting were read and approved,and the report of tn aunual meeting of the four Primary Mamie Hawley. Mill Creek was' read by the SecreOn the 30th of January, 1884, the Y. L. M. tary.. Hiater Zna was the first to address the A. I. of Tempe was organized as "follows, and dwelt eloquently upon the blessuv!fctlng, -officers the set apart under the direction of ood influences" experienced whil8ehT itgrftnd Prest. D. T. LeBaron: S. E. Russell, Prest. ; ged in working in the Temple at Logan, also Zina LeBaron and Mary Johnson, Counselors; of her visit to the Associations and among the Nettie Johnsen, Secretary; Amelia Rogers, people in that vicinity, an J made many very Treasurer; Jennie LeBaron, Librarian. excellent remarks upon the order and purposej We have twenty names enrolled, with an ' of our Jives here upon the earth, J . average attendance of fourteen. We meet Bisters E. B. Well (an d E, B .Taj 1 it made Nonce a week, and conjointly with the Y. M. M. Home suggestions to the sisters on matters perA- - oncea month. L We have a manuscript taining to their particular labor?, an 1 alluded to which has been paper, very good; our prothe need of improvement in spiritual intellL are well .carried out, and although grammes Ktioj, aud so forth. After which Sister Zina our numbers are small we have good meetings" called upon the sisters lu the congregation to exand realize partially, if not fully, the import: press thermelveH. ance of preparing for the work which is ready Bisters Watm ougb, Paul, Freeze, Bird and and waiting for the Saints to perform. Dyer ech maJa some remarks; and Bister Dyer Your si3ter in the Gospel, Hpoke quite powerfully in the gift of torjgues; Nettie Johnson, Secretary. Si-tElizabeth Paul was called upon by Bister Z''?m n 3 the interpretation. Miss Emma ORANGEVILLE, EMERY CO. V "it b m h 'ew i very touching remarks upon ei Minutes of the Third Confer-enc- e tho euijsut of htaling in a very impressive manof the Relief Society of Emery Stake, ner . held at Orangeville, Aug. lst,.1884, President -Anna U. Larson . presiding. Usual opening Bung D ixology. Bne I!c':ioa by Mha Alice ia which two of the listers h ho were exercises, minutes of last meeting read and M'ck were earnestly remembered before the also statistical and financial reports for the last half year All the wards Lord. represented seem to be doing well. Prest. Anna M. Larson spoke very encouriR S., Y. L. M. I. A. & P. A. REPORTS. the duties of the presiagingly; pointed out dents and teachers, also the duty of mother in living her religion, gatheringevery ... her - ST. GEORGE. little ones around, and attending to prayer in The Relief, Society of the St. George Stake the absence of the husband. Urged all to live of Zion held their Quarterly Conference at the near to their Heavenly Father; spoke of very Lyceum Hall, St. George, on Friday, June the calamities that were coming upon the na13th. There was not so large ah attendance tions; hoped that we would live in that way " as usual, owing, probably, to the unfavorable thatwe may escape the judgments, of God. condition of the roads for traveling, from the Advised us to love one another and cease evil unusual amount of rain which has fallen" this .speaking. spring,, but a good spirit prevailed. The reSisters Joanna Childs, Ann Pulsipher and ports read were satisfactory, showing an inJJ- - Logan also Bro. Logan and Bishop crease inmembers .and & general feeling and J Robertsen addressed the conference -desire to improve in all things, and to attend home industry, Primary Associations, etcupon to the admonitions and carry out the instrucall giving good advice and expressing a desire to tions that are given. do their duties m every respect. semi-month- Adjourned ntil 2 p.m. tion by Bro. Guiman. t:- ment, a3S Y?tit even-ditagr- A post! e E rastiis ;Sno w in his add ress remarked that , the sixers had done remarkably wel Li n the way they ; had observed the word of wisdom; and exhorted them to continue faithful in all their labors; and they would not, lose their reward. . Elder Henry Eyring encouraged the, sisters wouhl very beat hujbind in the . '' ' - A N ' 'S .E X if O N E N T -- WeiaouloVseek-the ;. Spirit of . GodibrithoTir cannot do the 'wrork that is before us. There is enough for all to do. Although we it.'we may.not all occupy prominent positions, yet if we are humble and enjoy the spirit of the Gos-- pel we will find favor- with5 the Almighty; she :, made other good remarks. mention Sister Snow Smith said I want to one thing that has pleased me this morning. No one has wasted time in apologizing. Blessed Sister Lyman in her first attempt at speaking; : said the Lord would bless "andstrengthen her and make her to rejoice and shout Hosanna. God is in our midst we are all The Spirit - missionaries sent from the eternal worlds. If the vail could be withdrawn and we could see the blessings pronounced upon us before we came here.we would rejoice. We should cultivate the Comforter in our hearts and obey the counsels of those in authority. We did not come herejust for our own comfort but to do good to others, speak a comforting word to the sorrowing, raise up the bowed down. A fitting word of reproof often accomplishes great good. f Gave much more good advice and counsel. Sister Lucy W. Kimball said, I am pleased to meet with you again after being absent from you for some time. I have tried to faithfully represent you wherever I have been; "I never spoke in public while away, but the chimney ex- corner, by the .fireside, was my place for - :- tf . e 