I vThe Bights of VOL. 13. THE the-W- o of Zion, and the Eights of the Womtm ol all Nationli SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 15 , OIIRISTM-A- OIFT. The Christmas ha'd come and was over, And cv'ry one, great ft rid email, Had rejoiced In that fall, glad household From morn t ill the twilight full. --And tho cbildrerr had said irnLlrwning7 "There wasn 't another thing To fill up their measure of gladness Old San fa himself could hring." ' the sweetest of "goodnight'' kisses Just after the prayers were said, They laid aside every treasure And hastened away to Ltd; Ab, sweetest of stori.es that e'er' wcro told! "The Baby of Bethlehem" lives And lights in ev'ry heart, the love That pities and shields and forgives. ' Augusta Jotck Ckociiekott; CHRISTMAS DAY. So, iri the anthem. " -- And soorfverxrght-hrartedarTinWas so far away in dreams, They never came back till the sunshine Wakened them all with his beams. g And while still dim'y recalling The joys of the day before, - A u n tie came in with the tidings Of one precious t rcas urciuarc- - !TLlLsaridcoinQ iiuiddyOo--m-kme-- ' " They whispered a moment together, When Auntie had'shut the door, Framing a grave "resolution" Against the glad tidings she bore. Then they hurriedly dressed, and the whispers Grave winks and shakes of the head That not even cook could interpre- tOr gather a wordThat they said With three year old Johnnie between them, Each holding his dimpled hand, And he lo'oking wisely inTcague with What he could not understand, They started, paused, whispered, proceeded, -Then Ma!l herself made "hiM To knock at the doo- -, which nurse opened, Strange enough sight to behold. X, Fresh, tidy and s'weet, not a smile, though,. Illumined either dear one's check; x lint all frowned etraight at Auntie, Waiting fur Mabel to speak; And, hand its hand, all three together, Set nurse's head in a whirl; ' "We're notoing to kiss the baby, Because itisirt a glri!" . And then, while the c ml assy waited, Grandma to the r sciK rnmn . To t teat with the stem x!cnala.tina. The message they had proclaimed. "What! not when the dear little baby Was sent to- us Christinas night, On the Urthday cf our dear 3 ivi.r, To meet with so cruel a slMilv" Then over the sweet little es A wav'ring expression canif ; As their glances met, there followed The rosi red color of shame. J'l gnes,v said the litth; MabJ, then, "I guess it wouldn't be right, For it might 'bo Il'islittle brother . That was sent to us last night. ."And ohl.jnst to think, his birthday's , The happiest day of all. But he came too late for us to ban"- Mis stocking upon the wanV ."And who'll divide," said grandma, ."with The baby Santa Claus missed, ?. That. came in the' stormy night, and then ' Wras not to be even kissed" ' -- . W . JsXhmt- -i - The sweet one that's wait in" here, .For rarest and best of all presents; ' This new little brother dear." - "There, wore shepherds abiding in the fields keepTDg-by night, and J,: the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the. Lord shone round about them; 'nd they were fore afraid; And the angel said unto them, Fear .not, for behold, I you good tidings of great joy-- , which -Jring shall be to all people. For unto you is born ..;! Then swift to be first to answer her, Each repentant darling rushed And shouted, "I;" and they clasped her so Her ribbons and kerchief were crashed. and sudden yherrjwas" avi tli the angel a multitude, of 'the heavenly "host, praising God and saying, Glory to God in r t h pea ce, ; goad il lr thailigiies fra nd o ". towards men." I could not sleep last night; I lay awake long after the clock' "talked small;' of course at such times the brain has its own panoramic rambles; Thought was busy with me; one thought seemed at hist to engross the rest Christmas That day of 'day?, and its time of times, when all Europe, all ChrUundoiM celebrates it, both in its religious services" and In its joyous festivities. In the Church of England,, my mother church, I must ever remember its morning service with love and veneration; the church bedecked in holly and iyygreen, and its altar table spread with the holy emblems of the holiest rite any church can observe, covered with its pure white drapery, et cetera but my mind reverted to Cnntmas day morning service in King's chapel, Cambridge. I seemed again within its sublime precincts, which alone are sufficient to inspire the more devotional feelings. Let me describe it its peculiar 'architecture has rendered it as such the most renowned building in the world, having' one solid arch throughout, without any pillars to support it, the ceiling seems drawn together in compartments by keystones, each weighing one he-L- 1 ord n-- ?a -- ! on,f4heimmiKyni und unadorncdr which dsjdivided from the inner chapel by a superb screen of elaborately "carved oak; embodying historical subjects. Through a noble arch in the screen, hung with heavy crimson silk curtains, the visitor passes into a scene that at once rivets every sense and faculty possessed. JTt is a plnce of worship to the Great Architect of the Universe. I can hutgivc a faint description. floor; it is surrounded by oaken"stalls,M elaborately carved, with a reading desk, each side of the entrance; a highly ornamented, stand'far the eli end of the building is taken up by the altar, never-to-be-forgott- en ated ly and graphically depicted; and when the sun i3 shining upon them the effect ismarvelously: sublime. This chapel is exclusively for the Fellows ari l Collegians of King'a college, but on. grand days, such as Christmas and Easter.a few. visiters are admitted to the organ gallery by tickets, the organ being placed in the centre of the screen. All this, like" dissolving views, passed through my waking thoughts; memory was in full session with its marvelous arcncv. Atrain I was in that organ gallery on Christmas day --morn i ng. Lremeraberl, h esofrprel uUcoftlie" nue organ, and its accomplished organi-st- , and-thea young chorister in his white surplice - a rose and advanced to jlhe front of tha orcht tral stand; aud once again 1 rse?med to hear that boyVrich, sil very vol fJjreak forth in .tLei solo of the thri ing anthem, "There were shepherds, et cetera," that I have placed at tlie . : 11 commencement or my niece. Ihe 13 somewhat but oh. so beautiful ! and then the whole chapter of gentlemen choristers in white sur)licejoinJheir harmonious .voices "iriTcWlmidvolume, "Glory, to God. Glory to God irylhe Highest. On earth peace; good will towards men.'' Wheji I arose in the dawn of the day all ha d faded, but I wa3 so impressed with the beautiful rerainiscence,that I thought I would maka p3a pic vure ti at scene, which I shall carry with me "beyond never-to-be-forgotte- Then came the? festivities of Christmas; all hearts seem attuned for enjoyment in their own especial way, childn n, sons and daughters being separated by their avocations, again return home to spend Christmas; it is ever a time of reunion for all "sorts and conditions of men and women." Girls and boys return from school for Xmas Inlidays all is joy and rejoicing; the holly and the ivy decorate the rporas, and the ballroom was not complete without its renowned mistletoe of Druidical honors, and every ball was drawn to its close by that dance of Sir Jvogerde Cov-erldear which when danced truthfully is elegant in its formal quaintness. And then the bells! oh, those - bells - What tongues' they" Had for many a heart and brain ! What volumes they told us a3 they "rang in" Christmas day morning, and rang tho old year out and the new year in. Are we so advanced in this Tioasted l 9th tury that, wei have lost the heartchords and of our early days?: For myself the brain-wiri- s lean answer, happiness once given is a joy forever, and 'tis written where every coming season "I turn the leaf to read it." And as an accompaniment, my heart and voice chant forth: "Glory to God in the Highest." old-fashion- y, ed tale-tellin- ! - g -- T. Kino. AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF EMILY D. P. YOUNG. I think it was in 1832 that tho citizens of -- -- n Dec. oth, '81. ed painting. The upper part of the. chapel is surrounded by the magnificent windows of stained glass containing the entire life history of the Savior, from His cradle to His cross all is elaborate No. 14. . Hannah over which is a sublime paintingJjy.Eubens, "life:sTze, "Taktndown from the cross' the Disciple, the cenThree rarys, turion, are prominent figures, but ih ere are many ethers all these make the subject of the the-Belov- 188-1- Jackson County began to show dissatisfaction and make some threats in regard to the Mormons, but made no demonstration of wickedness until 1833, when they began to gatherin small parties and commit depredations by night A- - 