EXPONENT. HELEN AND VIRGINIA. "" Continued from "Ilonora to ber babe." The words died down upon her lips, " And always kissed tho child good night, A servant's hands did all the' rest So ho was healthy all, was right. ...... ShecruBhed back to her swelling heart The tortured thoughts that fiercely rose; Fof thee lest heart and brain grow wild Thy mother braves and bears her woes. V 'But he the faithless, faithless twice xT marriage tows and guilty pledge, Palling of tin's love lightly won And piqued by virtue's calm, pure face, ' ' Turned towards Virginia as the .one Prize la his life's impetuous race. And while Ilonora statue like ' Sat In sad reverie alone, He entered with a king's own mien, The room where fair Virginia wrought, Ills own impassioned love, made known, And boon of faintest hope besought. Not e'en her pure reply could win The wanderer from his false path; Defeat brought not repentant shame And. lofty purpose to his soul, lie turned in hate and sudden wrath From her his guile could not control. 'Honors, hear! we go this day Out from this place; it matters not. Our destination, or the cause. You cannot leave Virginia? She Has grown so dear nnto you? What! She has grown hateful unto me." Amazed, nonora helpless gazed Into a future blank and cold; Past griefs like broken arrows laid Beneath her feet, nor had she known How like a warm and sheltering fold This young girl's soul 'round hers had grown. .. Now, with all due deference to those who do t j " . ' before the law of ,1862, or. since, it matters not; women whose husbands died previous to 1802, and who were not only American citizens in their own right, but were first wives, have been refused to register, on the same grounds as those living in the So strong it, :m grew, like a thirst unsatisfied That ever pleads, the thought would come To her own teart, to none else known, For mysteries irs ever duiub, "Why was I born with hopes that build Home castles fair 'gainst cv'ry stoun, With cheerful hearth and I its qeeen? Why was I bom a woman? Why With woman's arms and bosom warm, If therein never my child shall lie? ' "Virginia, fold those robes away : Slgnora will not sing Attend her summons, 'tis tholast Deed thou wilt ever render her; Vain, boasting nature! thou hast sapped Thy walls that all too feeble were!" to-nigh- t: Calmly Virginia rose and went Where mute nonora bowed her head; The gems and robes he laid away; The traveling robes laid out with care; Questions and answers both unsaid Yet each heart guessed the secret there. ''FareweH? lrginra7teachmy heart Thy gift of strength, of hope so strong Since here I met thee, thou hast been My inspiration and my staff; " Hence, onifVatreamfloat along, 'Neath changeful skleB, on drifting raft.", - "The Source that dowered thee with gift Its strength and balm secure for thee; ""Thy fears, thy grief, thy tears restrain, A certain faith my heart assnres, 8ignora, we shall meet again." ' "Read me of homily of fate Decreeing hunger to the soul While others feast and wantons waste; ; 'Tis mau, not God who has denied Au equal justice to the whole, And famished nature e'en deride. "Truth, reason, teach me still to trust " God's jnstice and His power sure To lead the faltering feet through paths Where from. His own great treasury Each shall his rightful gift secure, Nor doubt, noLwrongJior grief shall-be- r PETITION TO DISFRANCHISE WOMEN. , " Paler, within her new found home, Virginia bends her task above; Her earnest thoughts are far away With wronged Honora's destiny Her gifts, her grand, pure soul, her love, - A slave 'neath splendor's livery. In this fair home peace seemed to smile; A husband gen 'rous, noble, good, ' A wife fair as th e tend'rest flower, s And free from care or cold restraint. Here gifts and grace of womanhood Might bloom 'neath its protecting powcF. Here evening after evening found Virginia with them as their own; Their only child drew close to her, For his fair mother lightly wore The sacred charm by mothers known; She was good to him, nothing more. . Her boy had never climbed her knee Ajid rocked to sleep upon her breast, Ska gave him. all that money boys, The' Woman's Journal in its editorial ty The Boston Woman's Journal of May 27th 'contains in its editorial columns an article referring to the petition of Mrs. A. G, Paddock, of this city, for the disfranchisement of the women of Utah. Mrs. Paddock explains to them that the committee who have prepared the petition are all of them suffragists, but adds, "The entire Gentile population, both men and women, are willing to .be disfranchised, and to have the Territory governed by a commission." -- But it Mr3. Paddodk "reckoned withappears out her host,'- -' for the Journal of June 5th, containsa letter from Mrs. Sarah A Cooke, who signs herself President of the Anti Polygamy Society, in which she saysr "Go away from home to hear news," and adds, "I certain- ly have not learned anything here of that petition. I have repeatedly expressed the opinion that it would be unjust to disfranchise the women and not the men.- - Under the commissioners, the men who are or have been in poly gamy are disfranchised." . - - . re- - II I i IH III TT1. ;tll whel mingly Jlormon." "We can inform the Journal that the women of Utah are Mormon." That Mormon women in point of ntimler as well as influence are a power in the Church, and are women of intelligence, notwithstanding the Journal calls them "dupes and slaves." The Gentile women numerically are a very smail proportion indeed and there are still plenty of ''Mormon" women who can 'ake the oath administered before re- Fgitering, and though most offensive and ob- tinviAna f a n tmivo ty inIn tTrT n t J rw lnf ir' sake ther comply with the regulations of the comim&6ioiier8,tlia.t the rights they inherit niay not all be wrested from the people who havo made tne country, and wno by tneir very acts prove their loyalty to the government, against which they are said to be rebellious and defiant. Knowing, too, that there are women of another class who take this same oath, and can do so with impunity because it includes the very comprehensive term (in the marriage relations.) E. B. W. I ' .It filled the heart else cold and lone, - Anti-Polygam- . . ' this is not ah cxpodc facto. law what U it? However, one thine: is evident, that Mrs. y Paddock and the Society do not agree in their policy in reference to tne women of Utah. '''Mrs. Jennie B.' Froseith also protests against the disfranchisement of the women of Utah, both Mormon and like,-- , - mother-love.- If , And yet not strange to natures pure, t'npruned by errors vain conceit That clips the spirit here and there"'' And mutilates with impious hand The human that (?bd made complete Nature's true woman or true mau. 'Twas m 4 - indiscriminate! v. whether ; " 4 j r- any time (in the marriage relation), but all women who lave at any time lived in the order Oft times gay frieutl3 brought pleasures new," And. mirth and music iilled the air, And even through the changing secius' Virginia, faithful, calm and sweet, Kept 'round him fclill her gentle care, . Striving to make his life complete. As, 'neath the waters alm and clear - ' OJ some fair lakes, strong springs uprise Far in their depths, and are their life; So, in her hidden nature rose ' A change e'en she scarce realized- So gently to her heart disclosed. " the Edmunds law, as administered by the missioiiers, allow one who knows to explain that i?Tvas itraitwtbatAVliat he ne'er had known Lovo deeper than a servant's care "His spirit recognized, and reached With answering clasp Virginia's love;. And she fujiilled her hiisFioiv there, ' As charged upon her from above. The father's face wore grateful smile . . To greet his boy when cveniug came, So that he gave them' no annoy The mother cared not if ho sta3ed; And he by this girl's arms careesed Shared gentle pleasures none might blame; Then wearied sank to el umber's rest. . -- l "" 71 x:.,jt I1 M I L urrI 1. IH I II 1 I ',1 I I .1 I V' f "over-whelming- - Better to be in ri4- - than at the day shame-no- Mohnmmcd. of judgment. lv . - - Miss Maud Howe has become art critic of one oi me iusiuii papers ono is uuinor .or "The San llosario lianch," just published by Roberts Brotheis. 1; : , Nova Scotia ha3 followed the example of Ontario, and enacted a law giving municipal suffrage to unmarried women and widows on the same terms as men. 7 " The British IJouse of Commons has passed a bill to allow a man to marry his deceased wife's sister, but refuses to allow a woman to marry her deceased husband's brother. ' One i3 declared right, the other "disgusting." There must be brains in the House of Commons about equal to those in the House of Congress of the United States. Our Herald, Ind. . r - tti: 1 1 T) ! 1J' in the Free' cupiesthechaTr of mathematics J I tv: . .'Pl..1J..I. nuiPKnn m. inivprsiLV or TT i Via Driir riia nf . jjancnx iwneier. nr HfnMrVi nl m wnnora fliaf Mme Kowalewsky's professorship has not excited general attention, but adds that the Uni versity of Stockholm being a uew institution, is not suspected of being a rival of Upsala and Lund, the other universities of Sweden. One of the suffrage workers remarks of a lady who is an active member of fourteen societies: "If a woman can do all this, and yet attend faithfully to her home, surely women 