The Sights of the Woman of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of aU Nations. Vol. 1U. SAM LAKE: CITY ONWARD. d Onward!.., A word Ihtit T" But its import is ever new; is-o- l 1ft All Zion's shackles God will breakrtrWith io4Its tJw'fTappoIn t ed t i m e : 'Yea! though the heavens and earth should shake, Moved by Omnipotence snblime. - !l"tzr::;- -. r But mightiest power-Twilyet combine ' .Against thee, and a conflict make; Zion, arise! thy light must shine; i'nt ou thy strength. Awake! Awake! - hamc,"r""" ; fresh atrcngth to the faltering heart,-rointinto whewlilWtlecp hMcws And heaven's sunlight is shining through. What though the deserts around are dark, While tho valleys behind. are fair, Aud tho innocent trust of our childish hours, Tho freshness of heart, life's morning flowers, And tho d reams of youth are there. Have not the garlands that crowned us then Faded and fallen aparlL Andthe flowers that were fairest In bygone years, Have they not gathered their dew of tears To drop on an aching heart? I3ut beyond the mist of the coming years We may catch a glimmer of gold, And wo know as tho soul grows pare with prayer, By tho spotless robes that are gleaming there, r Tlis a crown that the angels "hold." " Then onward forever! " liegret is doom To the eoul that lingers and waits, Viewing tho future with doubt and fear, Mourning the past till the grave is near, And closed are the golden gates. ' OlviOfC g irt:r l . "'.'' Emily Salt Lake City, Nor. 12, 1834. : .r-- -- Woodmaxs;?r. H. ' MARGARET FULLER. BY HANNAH T. KLisd. . ., -- . Mjllicext. PUT ON THY STRENGTH, Oil ZION "Awake ! awake ! put ou thy otrength !" Thou Zion of the Holiest One ! m Kesound through all tby breadth and lengtii The graud appeal, tho prophet's song. 1 : "Ob, captive daughter, loose thy bands The dust from off thy garments shake;" Fear not to keep the Lord's commands, Tut on thy strength. Awake ! Awake ! Awake ! and Bupplieato thy King To thwart tho enemy's desire; . Together let thy watchmen sing, And fan to flamo faith's smouldering fire This is no time to calmly sleep, Nor o'en the time to idly rest; Continual guard the wise will keep When Zion's children are oppressed. - Lo! multitudes comprise tho throng Oppos'd to cv'ry law of right; Yea, many nro our foes, and strong Tho forces that against us light. God is our only shield and stay, uoa is onr onlyjtiojg and Frieiid! Unless wo all 1Mb laws obey, How dare wo on His aid depend? Tho proud and haughty how shall these Upon the Lord of Hosts rely? Oh, how shall those who sit at ease The armies of th3 earth defy? , "God is not mocked," nor will He fight For those who but of grandeur dreffm; For those who His commandments slight, Although, indeed, as Saints they si cm. Come, let us all unite as one, A n d al 1 our ev 11 ways forsake; Ob, Zion, gird truth's armor on, Put on thy strength. Awake! Awake! -- -- . Shall Israel stoop, in dire alarm, To worship Baal with bended knee? The Lord will bare His mighty arm, Jbeney5-t- Q eyellispeoplowcT- Though Zion's b6us for nought are 6oId, Held in derision, near and far, Sing to thoLord, ye captives bold, He'll set your prison doors ajan ! I have just laid down the life of Margaret Fuller. can rice No one who has a sympathetic soul fromjhat Jife without realizing that of-Eden, they are Fuller in the head, and most asuredly-iuZ- fr in the whole soul! ... -- has ajtaorbed to grade me down to every day life and common feeling. her -- devoted friend? three grand . Among men, James Freeman Clarke, Ralph "Waldo 11 here-the-eleetrie- "Graco in all her steps, leaven in her ye, in very Gesture digui ty aad love! The friend and J r ---- - co-partn- ; The crown matrimonial, as Tho badge of the; partner of his Throne and sovereignty!" For thh grand finals, Margaret Fuller out her hand, laid out her heart and. brain- - seeing in the vision of her mind, woman standing once asrain on the very pinnacle on which her Maker placed her on the morning of His great creation, bearing at this remote period the hih and mighty title of motherhood of the whole human race the "bearer ot tho souls of men," and other titles equally glorious yet to be revealed. ; : : , - , m THE nBAKT'S EFFUSIONS. Engulfed beneath tho wave The angels sorely came And caught thee from Its lave In clouds of lambent flame: Yes, yes, I seenvto know Thou ne'er wert in the sea; Thou we rt prepared to go ; Where the just and blessed be. - Thou bright, evangel soul; Tliy home is with the bleat; Thy work, while ages roll, Shall bring thee sweetest rest. And we, thy sisters here, Will gather thy planted Bcod, - : 1 1 . or her brother man, wearing Emerson and William Henry Channing, have appeared as her biographers. These names alone assure us she was a woman of no mean order, and every reader of her life will certainly desire to place a chaplet on her brow, or a bouquet at her feet. Her life, with all its glory, throws a sadness over my spirit. It seemed ever one cf hvd cUuggW, yci, uo uoum sucli a mind as hers so rich, so full of mighty telligence, was capable of making in every portion of that life, its own Elysium; still of melancholy stole over me as I read her earthly pilgrimage, with her most heartrending and early death. That alone seemed to engulf every pleasing delightful, proud thought I had entertained of a woman all must love, and more than that admire with devotion! I could not feel satisfied with her marriage, that is, the man she married, yet he gained one great redeeming point. in-- my estimation, that he was capable of loving and appreciating such a woman, who paid him the great honor of bestowing upon him her heart and hand!; It speaks well in favor of all who, possessing' great blessings and honors, have the faculty to weigh and measure and appreciate them. - Sti 1.1 fel t this marriage sea ed her destiny-;yasTlropfied," and her "occupation gone!'' but out of tho her death this fearful cloud that over-hunidea brought out a "silver lining." The ways of the Great Director of the universe are past finding out even to the most humble and inquirer; yet in some of those mysterious dispensations of Providence, that prostrate the soul in dust and ashes, and for a time close the doors of light and inspiration, and cause it to sit in darkness and the shadow of death, who has not felt that there was still a drop of honey . in the , draft of gall? The soul that leans on its God and Savior realizes this a-fi'- K hath" not heafd, nor hath it entered into the heart of humanity to concei ve," and finding by her side the little image on which she had bestowed her soul's love, and probably him, also, whom she had honored and elevated by her alliance with him in her sublunary existence. Great and noble woman! Here was thy brief nursery, the primary of thy earthly sojourn, in which thou didst help to awaken the jworld to the restoration of woman to the pedestal from which she had fallen, and didst stretch out a hand to raiso the. mighty lever "thatiinyeTpropel woman from her inertia, her apathy, her subordination and frivolity, her abjectness and her ignorance (all of which will have fulfilled their mission of the curse) and restored her to her? pristine position, when she walked forth into the garden ' A'hdirltLdl lo-rear-- i JEor comcrs' uturo greed.- - hairr g pre-siste- nt -- always. Surely the mother of Margaret Fuller felt this at the recital of the awful calamity that" had befallen her gifted child aye! and that -- child's-e- hi tempt to realize it, and make the case our own; yet ray consolation came when I pictured that noble, that highly and intensely educated soul passing "beyond the gates"into that Empyreum, the grandeur of which "eye hath not seen, ear WILL THE PURITAN.. RA.CE PERISH? ; Jf said'The Puritan race is dying of pride." The writer, within a. year, heard a noted speaker exclaim before a' large concourse of people, -- The -- Puritan race is doomed." The same gloomy sentiaient may gtt utterance in various directions I do not supjiosc that the idea of discrimination between Puritan and Pilgrim is often thought of, but that the reference is in general to those who came over in the Mayflower to those of like- - type arriving later, or landing elsewhere, to that people and their descendents whom we commonly recognize as the New England race. Should a longjine of ancestry reactrback o HolIand, France, Germany, or Russia, it would matter not, the New England traits existing, then the individuals are freely included in our serious inquiry. : Here are people, not as graceful as the ancient Persians and. Greeks, not as ponderous Some writer has 