77' her position l&tt April, haveteenuntuiDg in J Jjetfe to electioneer and use a rreat deal of bairn 'their tflorts to mvae the Hospital a eucc& lat as customary In the State f, bat the peo never well in weary dohjgj'and eveiy respect, ple, ne and all, ought to cjcsidtr it aaJmpera' J although' their Jeiuty'inigeDca and TfaithfulnetE; to hold Jess unapprecfMl notwimfilahaing they gave f acred every privilege given them to maintain ' ho much time and thought arid actual labor free- their civil and pclit'Jesl rights. Especially eo in consideration of the Jaws which have been t Jy, yet fiey have persevered and are still deter--minto continue In this benevolent ejiter- passed debarring from the polls and divesting of ; px'iie.-Ji theee rights many of those who had ever ,v 7T' " ""rAt the commencement of the organization a be;.n foremost and faithful in the performance was of method of this duty, Muand wommwho adopted n taking memberships Gf tuc--been "one dcliar iGStrumentaTln eatablJshiug Jaw and order in year, : whiphh&s xeiy rcerul'with the ladie?, and the money thug cbV this Territory; if any thing would arouse the peotained gives to the institution a little margin, ple to greater diligence. in this direction, cne al which Is ways necessary iu eetablis hing any would, think this fact wculd. of this kind. Although the first year the thing Ladies, you who fetlll retain the rights of citi-- . Association wa3 composed of ladies exclusively, zanshlp, the right to vote, do net neglect the it was afterwards decided to take gentlemen eacred ' and imperative duty cf going to the " members on the same terrhsr" Since that time polls arid easting ycur vote at the November, Borne brethren have corns forward and joined, election, that it may not be your fault if there is so U9ta tremendously heavy majority,and that the but, far, comparatively few. If this could be made general It would be one of the very best Delegate may.ral;z3 that he has the full methods to help the Institution in its infancy, support of the ladies of the People's for there are very few who cculd not ailord to ; Party. give one dollar peryear to such a noble work as the care, nursing and treatment of the sic? EDITORIAL NOTES. . There are many, indeed most of those, who apply for treatment, who cannot pay, and as a natA book entitled "Heroines of Mormondom," ural consequence, unlcs3 the Hospital is helped the second book of the "Noble Women's Lives by free donations, it would naturally fail behind; Series," has Just been published and is for sale' at the present time there is due to the Hospital at the Offica of the Juvenile Instructor. Price, from patients for medical treatment; and board, 25 ct?. The publishers, in the preface, say of considerably over two thousand dcllar?, and a this bock: "The remarkable events here recordvery great amount of charity work has been ed are worthy of perusal and remembrance by . done since the institution was established. The all the youth among this paople, as they will of the Hospital will thankfully rem;nfig-r- s tend to strengthen faith in and love for the Gosceive any donations whatever, fruits, fresh or pel for which noble men and women have sufdried, vegetables of any kind, or produce, anyfered so much. The names, too, of sueh herothing in fact that the liberal and ines as these, the fcketcheB of wlioee IWea-wpublic feel to give will ba acpsptMe. herewith give, should be held in honorable rePresident John Taylor and hisCouuStdors, the membrance among this people, for no age or naTwelve Apo3 ties andjtheir Counselors have givtion can present us with more illustrious exam-ple- a en their names as members of the Detieret Hosof female faith, heroism and devotion." pital Association, also A. M. Cannon, Prest. of The book contain three sketches, the first: this Stake, and his Counselors, and Preat. V. " AN6bIe7 Wb1cQan,t Experience," is of the moAVY.CJnff of Summit Stake, and several Bishops ther of Prest. Jos. F. Smith, a worusn who pos : and other brethren. Eess-enot only great moral cjurege, fortitude At the Priesthood meeting in this city a ehort and endurance, but who also bad a great deal of time ago this subject was talked of and a vote executive ability, and In her- life and character taken upon it, and it may therefore be expected was a devoted Latter-daSaint. that the brethren of this Stake will come forThe second Is "A Remarkable LUe;"Vt ia by ward and Join the Association. The officers inHomespun, the Btory of Sister Chittenden of vite those Interested in this matter to pay a visand Is graphically told by the wriitr. ' Provo, to it the building that they may see for themThe third sketch, "A Heroine of Haun's Mill ' selves how the affairs are conducted. Massacre is of Sister Amanda Smith, a name Saints who have lead the that all Latter-daLADIES, GO AND VOTE. history of the Churchj.mu3t Jaa- -f amlliarwithr" "Herexpcrience at Haun's Mill was one that few The preliminary political work has been done women, unless aided by divino power, could and the several County Conventions have been- have lived through. held and delegates sent to the Territorial Con- Either of these sketches are well worth the mention in this city, held on the 8th of October , price of the book. at 12 m., and Hon. John T. Caine has received the nomination for delegate to the next ConWOMAN'S VOICE. gress, to be voted for at the November election. Now it remains to be seen how much interest Ahe people will manifest in the vote to be cast. My Dear Sistebs: It is certainly an important matter,for although I desire to thank you for your many words of the People's Party may feel enre of their numerconsolation and advice which I have received ical strength, yet indifference in regard to affairs through the medium of this dear little paper, the that concern the whole 'peopla of the Territory Woman's Exponent. As I have hot the pleasand their representation in the Congress of the ' ure of listening to the counsels- of the Saints IJnited Statei, U a great mistake, to use the who have been gathered home to Zton, it is a mildest term possible. A heavy vote, an overgreat pleasure to me to bo able to read them. whelming majority of the People's Party is I, too, am mdignanttjelsxepreMalaUons ' would i others who have ssid'so t sot and "of is al jwhat Jpropexjmd iJgh t, what the Utahdelegate, the Hon.-- John T. much aboatthejiateiS-in-Zlo- nr Although I Caine, who has so faithfully and ably represent-e- d have never lived in Utah, I bavo parents there, the Territory sicca his election, is justly enand I have lived among the Mormoniniany , titled to receive. years of my life, aDd I know there are a great There h very little political machinery at many untruths told about them; but as it was work in Utah, and it has not been the custom in the days of Jesus,when He said,uLet not ycur 1 Jabam-wereeem- ed .hearts ba trouble'J, for these things must needs bp&$&ei iejoice that yen bte whir you can be led and guided iu the right path aud your Heavenly Father will never forsake you in the future any more than He has In the past, if. you continue to do His will. r; , - Ann Hardy. Council BIofTd, Iowa. . EASTERN ARIZONA STAKE. bad-bee- rr ' C3nfl-'dencea- 1 . kind-hearte- d o nd Editor Exponent: - ;. ' " Our Q iarterly Conference of the Relief Society was held at Snowfhke, Bept.' 12, 1834, Presi- dent Emma 8. Smith presiding. After opening ex?rcisea verbal reports were given by presidents of the Reliof Siciefy of s'x ward?, showing them to be doing well and trying to per orm the duties devolving upon them in their O fTer-cStatistical and financial organizations. were read. There are eleven branches of the Relief Socie in tlie Stake, and a membership of four hundred and aixty-Qv121 President E m ma S. Smith spoke encourage-ln?l- y and gava muoh good advice to the sisters. She was pie ased to note- - the ad vanceintnt sihea our Ust conference, and exhorted ail to dlligeice and faithfulness. Oar Society is increasing In numbers and good works; tho sisters feel encouraged and seem to take a great interest in performing their various duties, and are seeking to.be helpers in the great nt re-pa- rts e. work. latter-da- y We are here surrounded by those who seek to destroy our peace, take away our civil rfghts ahd bring our brethren and sisters into bondage; yet we desire to bear all patiently and have an implicit faith in Him who doeth all things welL Vxts Va. tijkVU may.-- triumph, over error, I remain " Vours in the Qcepel, Della Fisit, Stake Sec. -7 V, L. AND PRIMARY ITEMS. -- " - - y y . ; - MrsT-NewmanTn- , - Editor Exponent: , Knowing, as I do, that it la always a source 'of gratification and pleasure tc you to hear of the progress of the Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary, I venture to send you an account of the Y. L. & P. A. of Fillmore and Holden. Being on a visit at these places I attended the meeting of the Y. L. A. of bo'h p?aces; alao an annual Primary, maeting at Holden, which was a most interesting one in every way, the child- -. ren seeming to bs most attentive aud one vf ith their e8ident,SisterJCelson, who was unani-raou iy The re-e(- -- .- ted . L ec Primary give a concert on Friday evening aod acquitted themselves .in a first rate manner. A little band of drummers in uniform being the novelty of the evening. The singiDg and recitations were excellent. Your fdaier in the Gospel, v ' M. A. Greenitalqii. isreadow, Sept. 18, 183 R S., Y. L. M. I. A. & P. A. REPORTS. 7 woodruff, arizona. Editor Woman's Exponent: . It has been about seven or eight years settteanllweTTEereyet' since-thisrplacehasbeie- without water out on our land. We have met with a great loss this year in" consequence of our dam giving out, but still we feel quite encouraged, and think the Lord has greatly bleat us. - Our brethren from - this Stake have kindly offered to help put in the dam again, or at least ' 