W "pioneer. I shall always 'remember her thus; if . is an inetlaceable picture .in my memory' At the time of the dedication of the Logan Temple in Mav ast Sister Presendia was called '.relative of - the fanailr in 'the Church, it is her privilege to take the iuitia-- i i ve in the female line7"rhey HaveTa very r.ddest female genealogical; record; dating back to a very early- period in the history ""of Scotland, - S3 wQltm'-breTifg-HuniingtbJ- of-Eng- - t "iirit via luviiuia mil Sister Presendia ha traveled considerably the different .Stakes of Zion', and has spoken-"- " ii kundred.3 01 the sisters meetings, She is able and elojuent uatarallvah sneaker:t ha3a . J ,: i good gift of langaage and a commanding and dignified - appearance. At home, in " her own" ward, and at the general meetings of women in Salt Lake City, .she is always ready, when called upon, to bear her testimony to the truth of the Gospel and; that Joseph Smith was' a Prophet of God, and also bearing the same tes limony concerning his successors, Brigham Young and John - Taylor. She is especially piled in prayer, and at the time of the memor-- l ahle of women in this- - city, she was called upon and made an extempore prayer, v,i which minutes were taken and it has been ii aublished several ti mes ind ifferent papers. To hear her, however, is more inspirational than .. uuvijvvuvAijuv.uiM ,Ja A . ., mass-meetin- g i.nco and dignified bearing, pouring out her ii?art in gratitude to God and interceding for J lis blessing with the most sublime faith and l zep humility, are things that cannot fa i 1 to have an effect upon even the unbeliever. Her j'layei.iu uiu mims nieeiiug 01 lauies xn me J.nea-trNov- - 16th, 187S,was as follows: lbhe-prayethat wisdom mrght inspifenhoae d .ii SPm MpsI frwAfrpr nn f h n rnti A n n il cVYl nmr'i" occasion, that everything might be done for the honor and glory of God. That as God's outstretched arm had carried His people through many trials; He would be with them VKVW. that He would hlesa and "nrotect tketrv ' e, t-- cr - ihrough all trials and tribulations, that He w.uld remember in mercy this free country, the President of the United States and its rul- ers, also the governor and officers of each relate and Territory; that. He would bless our delegate to Congress, who was about to go to Washington, that He would pour out IJis Holy Spirit upon him, that He would uphold the Diinciple of celestial marriage which He had revealed in these last days for the good of the MJman family, notwithstanding the persecutions of those who sought to overthrow it; that ue would strengthen Zion and bless the young :md rising generation, and brini' peace unto the valleys of the mountains. She dedicated r , i: ji i. an10 it' inu Luugregauuu uie juoru,i prayeai mat in them this hour of trial, gels might guard and hasten the time when Zion should be redeemed, and all should be accomplished for ;ne living and the dead, even back to the time when the Priesthood was taken from the ; - Sister Jesendia'sJiirt Aute je , 7 -- . : of-th- e d I a meeting, where many expressions of affee-- 'i ion and good feeling are given, and not '.infre- quently the gifts of the Gospel made manifest. On her birthday, in 1882, there was ajneeting of thiskind.at which time the ladie3 present A her with a very handsome black satin cloak lined with crimson plush, and robed in this nanue sne looKea lite a very queen. It was described by one who. saw her on that occasion three quarters of a century, and being of a long-live- d race may yet be able to labor in her sphere and calling many years to come, to; bless and comfort many more" of the daughters of Zion, which we most sincerely hope may be her happy lot, even that sho may finish all she. desires to do for the living and the dead. K. P. W. MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT. i ike this: ''If I could choose the picture which should i historical, it should be as I have seen her s tanding, her grand figure becomingly wrapped in a large' circular cloak, a handsome. Urcrp. lack bonnet shielding her venerable and be- ft mis vea lace trom the tallinf? ilakes of rmu-. . 'r upon ner i tnougiit ner trie very picture of a Puritan exile, a revolutionary ancev iress, and a Latter-da- y Saint veteran and . i 1 - -- 1 . 1 . "1 -? T ' ' Ever since the creation of the world there have been opportunities to improve the mind; We were not sent here to remain infants, but bower anA tnnwlolr - - was fi VPll us in nbtnin 1 O ' rJ ""1 tin wdth the help of our Heavenly Father we can become so intelligent that we ran nnm.nfA witli God-afV- er our worfe" is done in an acceptable man ner. While attending Primary Con ference at Mount Pleasant, last Sunday, had the pleas . , ! 1 finrl fVof moll nof inA ion tVir toq AVo VAlltJ II bllUO lliia L'il JJ.lli.Ll tdi f' n l it ' ITi tne people oi tne tt. in tne wonu united 1 1 f" V 1JL4 IV i 1 - s i8 : happened to get so far in advance of the people surrounding him that they could not understand him; they will then ridicule and even persecute people for claiming to know more - SfetefPfe house and bringing with them some tokens of ve and appreciation, and it resolves itself in-- i tefBssKo lerjgever - en ' Do . we as young ladies realize, the great intelligence we will have to possess the required7 lias been a time when; otrus7 Icnowled ge iiasliot heen a ppreciated, u n ess one . . . earth." among others .acquainted with the Ubof&W Jhose sacred edifices, to remain there for a time, and assist in orliciating in the ordinances per- taining to those holy places. September ast Sister Presendia- came hpmeb for a few days to get everything in readiness, ; - that-sh- e might spend the winter" laboring in the Tempietand although her home work was urgent and might have occupied all her time ' to the exclusion" of everything else, yet almost every day she was out more or less of the time administering to the sick. On the 7th of September, her 74th birthday,' there-waquite a. gathering of sisters at her do home to her honor and celebrate the happy" occasion. It was a meeting, so we are informed, never to be forgotten- - by those, who had the pleasure of participating therein. September 19, Slater Presendia attended the Relief Society of Quarterly Conference this Stake, and .was called, to the stand to address the sisters: She. gave a graphic description of the work.being done in the Temple,and of the joy and satisfaction she felt in her labors . there,and said it had been her happy lot to enter into every Temple that had been built in. this dispensation. She urged those present to live lives of purity and devo'tion to the Gospel' to keep sacred and holy the covenants they had not-fa- ll .madehat-they-migshort of the exaltation they had set out to obtain. -- She dwelt specially upon the order of celestial marriage, ' and bore her testimony to the divinity of that principle and exhorted all to beware how they treated so exalted and precious a subject. Her words were impressive and she seemed id bring with ber the iniluence of the place where she had been laboring. A few days. later she returned to Logan to renew jier duties and labors in' the Temple, and there we will leave her for the present; and what more fitting place or sweeter labor could there be for one who has passed through a life wf sorrow and trial and has borne all with the divine courage and heavenly patience that is only-givthrough humility and prayer. Of thisheroic woman very little,, comparatively; can be written. Her individual experience, the peculiar circumstances through which she has passed, the thorny paths she has trod alone, with only God an t" angels near, the temptations Which have, surrounded her at times, and the struggles incident to human nature, which in her meekness she has borne, and has endured through all and kept her integrity and has remained steadfast and faithful. These things are recorded in there-coron high; we cannot touch them, we can only read them in outline as we do a picture. . -- ure of hearing Sister Hyde speak in ton cues and Sister oung interpreted. : She' told the Limuicu tuat many ui tutiu wuttm uc cilangetl iUitho twinkling of an eye, and be caught up 1 ht -- -- OMAN'S EXP ON EN T. 1 CK 1 to-aa- y, States ridiculed and abused the.Saints for their feith- and belief in revelation, while some of them now say, "This is a very sensible idea you Mormons have, that God reveals all things for your guidance, as it stands to reason that the puupit; iiuv,iiiu liunut? amt; as iiivy were ;uisi in the davs of Moses" v Brigham Young did hot have to lead the people over the same ground that Moses led the Egyptians, consequently the instructions for that -- were eiven to Moses would not-dCan we ladies as be Brigham Young. young sufficiently thankful for the knowledge that we nave tnat Aroa uoes reveartnings - . . ' -- -- ive-Kno- w blest of us can ask. and if it is the will of the Lord we can and do receive. Therefore let u.s "Mlovtherxample of Solomon, and ask for wisdom and pray that the Spirit of God may Jilwavs hp. with 11a trvbrinrr thihrrq tr nur Tnlnda as we need them, and that we may improve every opportunity to learn something that will be of a benefit t6 us. There is hot anything in nature that wo cannot learu a lessou froAi. The bees and. ants teach us to be industrious; the flowers teach us how to harmonize colors; but I think the most x beautiful lesson to be learnt is in their death aVthe approach of winter, and their coming forth in the spring in all their beauty and of freshne33,sreminding us of the resurrection ' . the just. Girls, let us try and remember that it is the Spirit of God, that is a testimony to us of the truth of this work, and seek tobe guided by its holy voice so that we may never be deceived, for we are told that Satanvwill have so much power in the last days that ifit were possible be so many miracles wrought by the power of . . f 1 .1 .1 tne evil'I one mat n tnere are any wno,ao noti possess a good share of - the Spirit they willbe T turned from the truth. That we may have enough of the Spirit to enable us to understand ....these thiners is the S. Weilet. earnest prayer of ; Nephi. "Do you like bangs?" inquired Mrs. Snip of Mr. Temple. "No, madam, I do not." "Oh, indeed! you surprise me. Why not?" "Be-- , cause my wife and two daughters play the piano and are devoted to Wagner's music" Merchant Travelers . - Elizabeth is a Bufialo girl about eight years When asked how far she had got in her geography lesson, the little woman said, "We are in the Alps now. - And what do you think! The girls wear short red skirts and a sort of green jacket, laced irr front and behind, with puffed sleeves, vi don't just remember what kind of stockings thev wear, but. I think . theyi .. old.". .... LreIueVellxelaimed-the-paralyze- a- parent when she had recovered her breath "but where are the Alps, child?" "I don't know," was the. response; "it doesn't eay any. thing about that." 