MOW W ' i -- we arrived ''"'"JIIT'fjL latc;IncxH. I"" " '"" " . i ,' ; : ?aturday;'$tJitther we went two". miles st;!Her Ins vva.on.. and. camped, wheit he returned to a council., Horace says, which "con-- : sifted oftjiejTiiniliitlTOriti . together with the captains of ten?, fifties, him ... ucu uecisiou was in aceorao jice htVr being ov,-- r otju-ri-fro- - . : . . . -' ighnewjif.oun.diudth ace. mvselt and a number were invited over to m. being of the LaiuL wJiOse-their camp, -r from JLjic,impment-wa3" ours, and which event; Horace mentions thus: ,"ln the evening there was a grand christening held at Bro. Clayton's camp, in celebrationuf the birth of his child in Nauvoo." ' ' Thursday 10th. Left our encampment at half past (J a.m., proceeded about eix miles and '.'encamped .it 2 p.m. on the prairie near .where r . ttrojuhn Taylor and George A. Smith had encamped the night previously.- eight "rattlesnakes' were killed by our company, and t wTx'of the oxen in the same were bitten. One of Wm. Kimball's horses lips Was swelled considerably, supposed to be occasioned by the bite f a iattlesuake. is the first time we have seen any of these'reptilea on our journey' L remember that day, and of seeing bur men - Tu-tta- y To-da- y . ; f tthor, Ta U.- (dLldiiU. b er n a cl e7" S a t u rday" December -- TTrivilegettTrTnc 1 Fine;weather this morning, Porter and Edwin CatlerJcluIie"fr()m"auvoj e n-- .: 8th, 1883, President Sarah llerric residing.-- ; the usual exercises After, and reading opening of minutes Prest. Herrick addressed the meeting. She was truly thankful that we were. ultk-U-y "SundaVy, 19th. g 1 th Xaarterl I. A. of .Weher thy.-:.- l able circumstances, and that-w- e were "favoredwith the presence of Sister Ziua Yuung and several of the brethren. Felt interest for her young and desired to do all in her power to assist them to become wiser and better; could" see they were improving; hoped they would continue to attend their meetings,' and ever make goo J use of the time allotted ep si-tcr- -- s, " them. with the mail left there last Thursday. Verbal reports were given by Presidents E. Some families have started and are N.Hill of the 1st Ward Association; R: starting from there' all the time. This afternoon, at; Monch, Ith Wanl; E. S. Richards, 2nd Ward; four oclock,- a meeting was called between Bro. M, M. llalis, Huntsville. Each felt encou-ageTaylor's and our camp'. Bro's Taylor and Kimby the advancement the members were ball spoke at sone length, giving a great deal making, to continue: their labors. Notwithof good instruction, cheering up the hearts of standing their eiibrts to induce all the young all. Bro. Kimball told us it wou ld be 'neces-sar- y ladies to attend the meetings, some appeared .... to allow only ' one half p:und of bread careless and iiKlifferent, such they intended to : ;Luii pci uuy v) muiviiiuai ior ouu davs in. e. mountains. ove Hatha awaken. They desired to live humble and going 1,0'Ju miles ettertrom our pioneers 'statinsr that thev had prayerful-- , ever seeking the Spirit of the Lord to do of building a jail and storehouse, ajob to guide them; that their labors might result in worth 8250, on the East Fork of Grand River, much good. miles from here. wolves were thirty Sister Zina D. Young had listened with inYesterday seen around thecamp." terest and pleasure to4he minutes and reports. "Monday, 20th. Beautiful day, the birds Believed a good work was being done by the begin to siug, grass to grow, and everything asassociations of this county, which she trusted sumes a pleasant aspect. Bro. Pack came in would continue. Wished to see the youth ot with one of the teams sent out after corn. Zion excel in everything that wa3good; and in 1 They had to pay 20 ci. per bushel. Brother order to do this they must" have pur hearts, Spencer, who has been a long way back, just must be obedient to those placed to lead them, came up with us thb afternoon. fn the Gook la lp'nrn and practice th'at n'hioh-iright, mail Bro. Kimball received a number of the and eschew all evtf. After having Sister JosHancock Eagle. He. and father went back toephine West read from a discourse "of Prest. j day to attend the general council." Tay lor's what he had . said in regard to round -21 st. Bro. llosea Gushing and 'Tuesday, dancing, wished all who felt to carry out this Wm. King, who had been adopted into fatjier' counsel to raise their hands. "Many, if not all came bushels in, were raised. This - she said gave her twenty-twhands family, bringing .. of corn. My brother Wm. hot returning with pleasure, for she was satisfied they would rethem prevented father from starting that day ceive a blessing by so doing. Prest. Young Bro. Brigham and Bp. Miller ndc-miies did not approve of this amusement and ' that the people would not engage in it. Urged passed us that morning.: An Indian was seen for the first time passing through our camp-th- ere her young sisters to attend their meetings regto be an Indian encampment ularly, to observe the word of wisdom, be kind somewhere in that vicinity were out hunting. and obedient to their parents, and seek to preBro. Pond and Durfee, who came that far with pare themselves to fill- honorably the noblest their teams to assist Bp.. Whitney, were releas- position to which they can aspire, that of wife. o ed that day with their teams to return to and mother. Spoke of the Primary Associatheir families. That evening it comtion, said it was our duty to encourage the menced raining, and continued, most of the" children to,do right and attend their meetings. Her prayer was that tho Lord would bless and night, accompanied by thunder and lightning. loadand Father Bp. Whitney arranged their prepare us to enter His )resence with a fulness of glory. ing while there taking out some things to disElder Joseph E. West was indeed pleased to pose of for provisions to the inhabitants. Horace ' send sec the young ladies so ready to observe iho back wrrote four' letters for my father to admonition of Presf. Taylor in regard to bur r by Porter namely: to two of his wives, Sarah amusements. The CentraLBoard of the Young Noon and Amanda Ghe.en, Bro. Winchester, Men's Associations of this County were making Bros 0. Hyde and W. Woodruff." "Thursday, 23rd, Horace wrote, "Tnis after arrangements to give a series of parties in and a xommittee had been appointed to noon Wm. came back, having explored most viiut the Y. L. Association to ascertain iLthey of the country as far as Grand River saw our would join "them. They intended to conduct pioneers there,- who, he says, find plenty of work these parties strictly in accordance with the to do cattle are rather scarce there, an Orewishes of our leaders. They wourI hold a gon company having traversed- the region round and engaged above 500 yoke of cattle meeting nightin the -- vestry, and lPrestTATde7son would like the officers of tho previous to his arrival. Bro Y. li A. to meet with them. ' Without a union WmTCutler and Father Durfee started back of efiorTand action we could not accomphish taking two buggies with them. Porter took my watch with him to get fixed. About whatjve desired. We must work in harmony, and use our influence in the right direction. three o'clock p.m. we started and went four miles, and encamped about dusk on the edge X. Meeting adjourned till 2 p.m. ' "Afternoon session. Congregation sang. "Reqf a ravine in the open' prairie, where there deemer of Israel." Prayer was offered by was beautifnl .feed for our oxen "and horses, the Bishop Kobert Mc.Quarrie. Presidents M.'E. grass being of very high and thick growth." to-da- y; - d, -a- de-sire- d . was-said- . - ' Nau-vooj- " " " -- Og-de- -- . n, - Horace says: "We started about five and after descending thehill nnfl .nrns.lnrrp.m., th creek we were detained bf The fire on the prairie about three quarters of an hour, and a number of usWvere obliged tlr stiekg to whip out The fire in order to make &rselye3 a road or nnsno-- thrrmo- it'v-hon without interruption to the T. place whereJ hpvuiroof l --uur company were encamped.., Here, we overtook Bp. Miller's company. Our l'o principal hunters, Bro's Higher and Smith, ..went out before starting this morning, and cut - -- -- ; i h3-O- WKBr.H CO. o killing enakes in the grass, where our tents were al ter wards pitched , and it was enough to give one nervous spasms to see them, and then to think of sleeping in the neighborhood of such dangerous enemies. Horace continues: "As we progress on our route game grows quite plenty, more especially deer and turkeys, of which there aro several almost daily brought into our camp; vegetation, also, is now commencing to spring up around us, which we consider quite a blessing, as we have had no corn for our cattle for two or three days. Brother Brigham and the band are en-- " camped within half a mile of our place on arriving here had to drive our cattle a mile or two to give them a good chance to feed." On the morning of the 17th our company proceeded about eight miles and encamped in of hickory on a stream called Medicine agrove Oreel-- , named by the Indians, no doubt. Prest. Young, Bp. Whitney and others', -- wit h thfl ,JnJ.iiad encamped three quarters of a mile ahead andTather, learning this, determined to -go on. " ? . . . - "i: . of. the Y. L. ' ma came no wif h w jj'd. ja'iL'uam re- mai.nng behind, as also Bp. Miller and the band. Bro. Taylor is encamped within a short distance of us took a- short fishing excursion .do wii thc.creek-thi- s eveni ng caugh 1 1 h ree fish but not very large ones; some few cat fish. This afternoon they sent into the countrv fur corn ." T ' 'Miniilct of " Thursd- ''IhisTifternoon the pioneers of our consisting' of aboiit twenty men, .with Bro. Brigham's camp, started frlhc. head-oBr Kimball Grand River.,, deal a of never : gave them good adyissuclrss to involve themacdves in any quarrel:-,-. strifes or. contentions with the inhabitants, but. mi the contrary, to court their favor by every poisible means in their puWer. Bro's Kimball and Markham accompanieLlheiii a short distance on their route, and gave them other good coun' Ifaus Hanson took his cow sel. . and 'went with them." As I learned, through the mail," that Win, O'ayton was the fathexx)f a child by his wife, Diantha Farr, who was left with her parents in Nauvoo. I bore the. tidings to Wm., whose de- (KTDKN, ' ;and; s Yy- -t PR MARY the--ihy- r Decker had just arrived from Nauvoo, bearer and letters' ' That of a number of even in g the ban.' ijilLLraiiiLj4 pj and"- -! rey "jTTayeTnoFTresident Yoiing and father before... retiring. Ail remained, at this.placelill iiLoiliuiil-iwp-- i ay- except Bishop sary three pails foil of 'first rate honey tliey al:2 killed jtwo deers and turkeys during wiich Avaslntrj!,uted t )iheWmpany.'.':- - ' Y. L. M. I.' A AND r REPORTS. s., 11 - r 127 Had J jucs-sage- O,Mi.N'B EX I' ON EN T . IM i .... i. :t! ciu-;u.- i bottom, as aiso ine inn u mi tun pu. Sooirafte r a rrivl i i g we n t to J ruthc-- is called the1 WtUanl KirhardV- tern, whiy-Jof Israel, where Charles post oiiice of the camp ,r i V tanclrwi - e-?t I -- - yy to-da- y, " 