W.OM AN tfi e 'j:e -- sav.' the yoting; The speaker y.h o catjagnttlze hu audience m that they will listen to his pre. cepU, although his knowledge may 1 not be so universal good profound, will accomplish-morthan the deepest. jvko p'dlmoer the element of attraction. : - f T go down; .. ; the old And the merry feet, with impulsive bound, Sprang up as oft as they touched the gniund; Uie Taw of see-saw- Ah'mk-oc-tkk-wisest- tin; sk'yT" in the day a when we played fiejaw,---- , : . ' " - saTldsAdati5n - "TlTj'roverb, or the relation of an "anecdote, may convey a more' useful lesson than a.well stu d ied d isco u rse,.arid the poiataiBdfafari: might-tOrr.cultiva- - . drny that, the fables orvEop are (Ieeper in the uuiversarinintl thaii;ihe sermons of Wesley or the logic of Webster? And the quaint sayings of the American humorist are household words; while the philosophies of Socrates and Bacon are dusty upon the shelves. The reason for UHis-uppur- enf. People 'would rather be a- mused than instructed, and if weAlesireto-- lav attention. and then interest. theTistener. So wide spread t is the feeling of apathy on the subject of useful information .that the great .principles of science have to be woven into a romantic narrative. Astronomy and atmospheric influences jinistjje conveyed to "the mind through a jour- ney to the moon, illustrated with gorgeous wood-cutand mingl(f with thegrossestiin---possibilitie- s; and it is by this means "that some 'f the most renowned authors have found ready sale for. their researches in science. Even the Bible must le , rewritten by a modern hand, and; the" beau ti ful incidents p f Scriptu re related ,in sensational paragraphs. History must be condensed, and many of the important omitted before our youth will undertake its perusal. Thus the tendency, of the age is to be satisfied with a smattering of knowledge, a. few stray leaves; from the tree of learning,- while they chase with eagerness the butterfly or pleasure, i'eoplo must be caught with the gilded hook of attractive romance before they will partakeLo.f :any .substantial truth, or yield' to anv solid rcasoninr. The love of learning is something which each must cultivate for him or herself, before they can ever become versed in things that are. It is true we learn much by experience and observation, but persons who have not a desire to "become instructed frequently allow the most valuable lessons to pass unheeded. The sufferings of others are not lessons to them, and even their own sorrows frequently pass away and are forgotten, without leaving the beneficial influence designed by the providence of God. With this condition of things in the world around us how easy it would be for the children of Zion, who should have" more foresight arid greater self control, to become the mo3t learned, and through the blessings of God, the most wise and JLet us heed the inspired counsels of God's servants, let us walk in the ways of heavenly wisdom, and be ever willing to receive instruction, through even the humblest instrument chosen to convey it, and like the bee, that gathers honey from every flower, and 'stores it in the hive for future use, so let us accumulate knowledge from every appropriate source of information, that our minds may be supplied in the hour of need, that by a touch of inspiration the intelligence of Zion may shine forth in a day to ' come as a light to brighten the Gentiles, and to be the glory of God's people Israel.. : E. M. s. need was' there of the cunning', rare, That fashioned the niodemtoj ittrkrjKtlvasTroad, and pliant, and long, A friendly log, or a fence that was string, And a bevy of girls and boys; And they rose and fell with their laughter's swell,! Or balanced on equal poisc- ' : , Those favored few, whbse childhood knew, The freedom of country law, Can never forget the gleeful thrill As they bounded aloft at their own sweet will ,or.-Like a .thistle-down, .. straw, " Then eank like from its uiry'flight, ,1a. their teat on thexdd ,... 5ce-saw- . - happyjday-baa!fTuTa- y " Iu the order at-n at tire s law?, And the log that bore our balanced weight, And the plank that bent 'neath its merry freight, Have bowed to the samo great cause; Vet yon'and I, nowlow, now high, Still tilt on the. world's . . pulsing heart of the busy mart, is bought with gold, There's aink and a swdLiiLthe Fiirgin g crowd; ""' There are curses deep, and plandits loud; For the the game i brief and bold, And while some ride on the crest of pride, Lo! others lie stark and cold: In the Where-powe- r There rises and falls in yon gay balls The plank of our social life; And who shall grace the patrician end, And who tho plelx'ian half shall bend," :" Is the problem of endless strife, In which nature's tie, though deep it lie. Is severed with pitiless knife. ' ; There comes, too, an honr, when the balance of power Is lost in the Senate Hall;" "T-- " - " And reverend Senators, wise and grave, Whoser boast ia their cpuutry's honor to save- ,With the rise and fall; And happy their lot, if perchance it be not To lie under oblivion's pall. ' ... 6ee-sa- w powerful-of-alrpeopl- blest 'twould be, could wo only see '. The. world at balance ride! So r justly poised in genuine worth : - That brain s sho uld al ways equal birth, W'hen tested side by side;' Then social well might be of Exponents equality. ' ; Mks. M. F.'RrcnAitDS. How . s sec-saw- ! WILLINGNESS TO BE TAUGHT. If there is a royal road to learning it must certainly be found where there is a willingness to be taught. Once find a willing pupil and the principal 1$ ' stumbling-block- s -- -- , the teacher. are removed. f he. greatest barrier in the high road of: is unwillingness to learn. Hence the dif-ticul- IMPROVEMENT IS OUR AIM. s" ty in educating mankind.. There are" plenty of books; there is an abundance of Preaching; there is much good counsel, but there are few willing learners. Teachers are puzzled for methods to attract the attention of . -- 7 pro--gr'es- e. . in the pathway My Dear Young Sistdrs: I feel my inability Tfof tho task before me, I)ut at thesame timelfeel it a duty incumbent--upon- " me" to try what I can do towards improvement, i. We are- - members ' . weak-nes.-:e- de-fai- ls see-saw- 01 -- : That " hu-milt- tv MISCELLANEOUS. Anna Dickinson is to lecture Wendall jm in March? Phillips Philadelphia, in . E- - Memorial Meeting for Wendall Phillips, under the auspices of the Massachusetts Woman Suffrage Association, was held in the Meoin-aoThursday evening, Feb. 28.. Ex. Ada H.Jvepley, of Effingham, 111., has addressed a circular letter to each member of the Congressional Committeo on Woman SufTrage appealing to him, a far as in him lies, to give women the ballot. " At Londonr March 1st, the bust of Longfellow was unveiled in Westminsler Abbey. The ceremony was performed byjRev. George Brothn ot Westminster. Ex. ers, M. A., .The lullaby will lose none of its sweetness when the voice accustomed to it shall carry the claims of childhood into the c(Hineil3-ofttnation. Julia Ward Howe. The portrait of Wendall Phillips, by E. T. Billings, is now on exhibition in his studio, Room 55 Studib Building, Boston.--M- r. Samuel E. SewaHand- - other old friends of Mr. Phillips who have seen it prono unce it the finest one. in existence. It was taken about fifteen years ago, and represents him in tho act of addressing an audience. It ought to be bought by the city, and a copy placed in Faneuil Hall, as a, life likeness of the great orator of the" y and .woman-sufframovements. ' ' n, sub-dea- or . . anti-slaver- i ge of-th-is -- ourMutual - te . - -- nts thlT--ser-a- - 7 : - . ' " " prayerfully ask for- His guidance and direction in every matter He will help us. Our faith will become stronger and our understandings will be enlarged, and we will become more able to coinpihenilh&-seeacluug3o- f of the Lord from time to time as they are lata btoreus. Wer h a ve"eaihinis, obeyed the first princi )les of the Gospel; jand ;hal ; hanclsjaidpoir ;u3 for the recepticn of the Holy Ghost, and as. our minds expand we will be able to receive 'greater blessings, and our "understandings will become enlarged, and by the aid of the Spirit of the Lord we will receive line upon line, precept upon precept, here a little and there a little. : r Let U3 try to faithfully discharge our duties, n egl ecti ng none. "Remem ber-- ou r secret j prayers, for" they will be a protection foj us over the powers of the evil one, and wil Jnelp us to overcome our imperfections and the 3 that doth so easily beset us." Do let us observe the words of wisdom, as instructed by the servants of the Lord. Their teachings ought to be the word of the Lord to as, and it is our duty to give heed to the same. Now is the time for us to observe these things, while we have youth on our side and no obstacles in ou r path Let us shu n every appraran ce of evil, or any thing that would be likely to draw us away from the truth.' Cleaving unto righteousness with all our might and mind, showing kindness to one another, and overlooking each others' fanlts, and striving to uproot our own. If we do this in the spirit of meekness and the Lord will heln us. and our reward will be great. Amen. Tina. The Mt. Pleasant. Gem, Manuscript Paper, s, - wasorganized-especiallv7- for the benefit and improvement of the young folks, and there is now a duty binding upon us to' strive with all our our rwinds and improve the tal en t s o u r Fa t h er. in Heaven hath bestowed upon us, and if. we . .'. .L " -. were-iri- - AndyouSrI provement Association, and as such it is our duty to try by every means in our power to improve ourselves, and by improving ourselves we will, byhe help of the Spirit of the" Lord be better qualified to teach and. instruo.t others. e , np and 155 ; Tliis little jH"m wus. read by ihn. author at an t.ven..'injV's entertainment in the City ofWahbington in ruarj', ISTi, at the reBidenctr 'of a minister of that place . F Whitney as a Bouvenier Thti lady presented itlo of the evening. He was then on a visit to that city and "attended the soiree with and by tho invitation of a lady residing in that eity, the annt'-o- .Jutittrfjmht'," who" and treated hirn pus.sttTleraTXcitlon, The with tho greatest pollteneKS. poem i a BOrt of reminisence to hltu of the pleasant days ho passed in : "Washington society. i'')tr go ONENf. EX P S Im". Ex. , . - - , : 