WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1 are to apply this anti-j'cpubli'ca- antihris- - n, ianHitlio(Iia4licWKK)i?! nitd''tthTuclT llow their vile and wicked practices to be CUAs on right under the very do lurried - -a- rth-fromt- We would screened under. its l)road mantle? the. earth, and would welcome the honorable-o- f that they could all.comoandsee.fbr themselves; if they would only let reason rule instead of prejudiceand .hatred the oflipring"pf,4hese:v" ; -- monirers.wliairjim:: n - J i lying tiud distorting every truth to deceive simple and unwarv- therd is no other place -Where such creatures could remain unpunihed - eleci of God arotliose page, 7 thjerse, that the 'who (hrnot hardeu their hearts. The 8th verse says: 'Vhendore, the decree hatli gone j I eiQiceJt-LuheIter-day- . h . 1 f 1 . . of-tli- o exhorietletertralrhtuT . . GoOiLSjnril; ness; said the trials and difficulties eneumbereil upon; us by our, enemies seemed to give us ergy and strength. Sister Jane Ricton spoke of the Salvatioa-Armin the world, thought the title, would be a very a)proriate one. for'the sisters of the U. S. Said they were t ruly a salvation army, for thev were laboring for the temporal as well the spiritual salvation f the human family. Our enemies are doing all they can' to anni- iiie iiuc uuu nee ii oia llu. .liuiuc us, ijul ii tliey cannot overpower us..'"' Rishop Udall spoke fora short time, and 'en-- ' cou raged the7 sisters in a kind, fatherly way; prayed lor Uod s blessings to attend their labors. After singing and prayer the conference adiourned till 2 p.m. : - l ri.- i l :rr accom- p.m. . i ue comerenue couvened aiiii : h . e . f . X P- 1 lUj IU UiUIIlLUICIJ V. XI. J IC1CUJII1 ttilU J)l river vSisterAmy liigler spoke ot the progress .or the society here, and the duties and responsibilities o f mot hersj n rea rin gLt hei rich i d ren. Short adilresses were made by Sisters Hannah G rover, A. Midgely, N. Brown,. 'and. Ii. Udall, in an encouratrniir and sisterlv man 1 ner. ( Rr'esident Wm. Pax man spoke of the indig nation and bitter feelings of the world agaiu.-;- t us as a people, of their j)Iots and schemes U' destroy us; also spoke of the financial "crisis l whirh is hound t.n tnll nhnn ih npnnlf all to keep out of debt, be economical aud abstain from all unnecessary luxuries; seek the Spirit' ot God and act with wisdom in all things, aud be prepared for the great events which await us. "President Mary Pitchforth wished to thank the bretliren an(istersfor . the prayers they mK-i-rr- . . ' y - :,-- '. .. hadl)fTeTettnlier behalf during her late illness; was truly happy to. bo able to meet with them in a conference capacity. Conference adjourned for three 'months.'-- - 1 oflice-seekef- 31. E. Hoyt, Secretary. e . MISCELLANEOUS. op-pre- ss T (Wr , rnu Helen Mar Whitney! DESTRUCTION AXD DESOLATION YET TO COME. Dear Sisters: the vbiDof thal wc ve ga meeting together in ours hW. U i3 tins way we become united. We learn in Doctrine and Covenants 143 rd K' S''0f!uJuirb held their Qrterly Conference in Nephi MeeUn'g Dec. House, 10 h President Mary Pjtcliforth presiding. After the usual devotional exercises, the miS- Pr'10 inference were read, also the statistical and financial reports. . . lhe. presidents- - of the"different branches gave verbal reports of their respective SllOWinrr them ir. : ,. . wards rendition and y wi tn the Priest "lousiy God . . - A beautiful lamp shade cover is made of garnet satin ribbon, torchon lace and small plush balls. To find the needed lengths of ribbon and lace, measure around the bottom of the shade and allow for each three inches more than the exact measurement. Run the lace neatly on thejedge o f the ribbon and sew to- of an gether. Shirr the, ribbon 9: wort;n"d".urm.00,a The woman's department vin the Hospital for the Insane, in Indianapolis, is hereafter to have a women physician. For more than twenty years Dr. Mary F.Thomas has labored through every available channel for the appointment of a woman physician in the Insane Asylum, bringing the subject before every Leg--. i3latnre and before the IndianatateMedkaL 4 r . .i Aii nave urired the measure, ano oocieiv;: miners ' now it is an accomplished fact. . - -- .Editor Exponent: 6 y ' . 1 VJU""K"i, Wll "Counselor Joe.1 G rover, was. the nex t speaker; expressed hu gratitude for the privilege of meeting with the sisters; and . partaking " . IMUIl! 4 UU U. P.pi JIO I. has-revea- led of-th- wiiu ui-- ' -S 14-lt- IV. OJ(.llAiV.'li 1 . . ) H j fe-tha ukjViLllLat--berlh ad )eeirpateonfr truly i r Ar. . .. :.. .. ii.- i meet wiui uie siaiens again in u conierence capacity; felt that these organizations had been the greatest blessing ever conferred upon the . ;1 il.-l- . :.. t nil i njui,!. iitvvu men pnvl owuij, uuu-iiiii- b leges7 and were .s t ri vintr toKjjuarifv theniitdi'- - he-F utnnauu me target oi me jumujLy and the press pulpit united only in the one scheme sweeping us out of existence, and taking possession of the rich harvest that lieso temptingly before them. But though the.Imndrcth ..decree lias gone forth that ilMormonism'r must die, it never before appeared so much like living in fact it M.cim 10 iiavcauKen a new lease, and tne sail into note and popularity. Tho-.igour enemies have; never yet accomplished their cnds.still thev wem very jubilant over their great expectations, particularly from the present philan-- . thropic measures of Mr. Gulioni, and there are thousands who are willing a,nd anxious to set 1. .. , J ,. ft ' 11 U3 li; iuvuo up ineir joui jjuiii tccuuj work. But we ask, in all conscience, why the ... knife should Tiot 'b? first nhrvd sii tl.n the cancer which is eating aud undermining their own social circles; and if nothing else will do but bloodshed let them begin there instead of waging war upon an "ignorant, benighted and superstious people, who are just simple enough to accept the truth and nothing but the truth, however humble may be the source; and therefore are not half so likely to spoil as are r Jacob." those who dwell in the polluted In the 9th chapter of the Revelations of St. atmosphere of the great metropolis, of which all are so well John, it refers to locusts being sent upon the pos tea t hoir ovu icug niied with ac- , --eartiipand unto them wa3 given power as the counts of the most pK, dishonest, wicked, corrupt, scorpions, and they should not 'hurt the grass .. . ana desperate, deeds in high and low places, of the earth, neither any green thing, neither and suchfcuuheard of crimes t hat the sound of tree; but only those men which have not it U enough to make onB'sverv hlnnrl ourAl In - any. the seal of God in their foreheads. his veins. The Latter-da.Saints may feel The Oth says: "And in those days men shall proud to be distinguished by their title, and ' seek death, and shall not find it; and shall de- God grant that we mav ever be sire to die and death shall flee from them. The worthy of this distinction. . As President George locusts are compared as horses prepared-f- or Q,. Cannon remarked, in our late conference, "He evidentbattle, and on. their heads were, a3 it were, this land for just such a people a, ly crowns like gold, and their faces were as the the .Saints, and their enemies iiave driven them faces of men.." to the fulfillment of their destiny." The 10th verse says: ''And they had tails 1 iioou wrain is tne most to be dreaded that like unto scorpions, and there were stings in of the Almighty, or that of His their tails: and their power wa3 to hurt men subjects, for instance, these pharisces, priests, five months." Much more is said, but I --andew-inen who now form the Supreme . thought this enough. Court of the United States? Who besides Him We feel more like praying for those who una me ngnt pr the power to prescribe for us us, that they may repent while there is our rebgious belief and time. As for the true Saints, if we practice? ILrtelkua lay our Jhatjaith without works is dead hut. lives down in this cause we know that" we shall passes a law to prohibit the free exercise there-o- t, find them again. when they know as well as we, that they Mary J. Morrison. are forbidden to do this by the ConstitutionManuscript Paper, l oumf Ladies' Herald of loiygamy is upheld by Scripture, which they Union, Spanish Fork, Dec. 17th, 1883. also know. 1 hen away with their flimsy excuses. Ibey hate us just as Cain hated Abel, because we are favored of God, and it is our RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. union which thev dread,' and our wealth and 13 "nan me yjcavek NEPIir, JUAB STAKE. iiiiwhh;-ii- i Jill " " gathered in unto one place iion the facenre--of, This land, to prepare their hearts .and be tribupared in all things against the day when lation and desolation are sent forth upon the -wicked,'' I think if any people on the;. earth have ai n Is, an 1 se-Shard--nes- s yet we mourn to think there is so much of heart in the"; world : for the majority of revelations whicb"-our. - mankind reject the in this dispenI.Ieavenly Father sation, whereby the inhabitants of the earth may . escape the calamities v,:hichrwill surely come. Doctrine and Covenants. page, 18th " and 10th verses says: WherSfore, I, the Lord God will send forth flies upon, the face of the earth, which shall take hold of the inhabitants thereof, and shall eat their : flesh, and shall cause maggots to come in upon thetnTand their tongues shall be istaid, that they sliall not , .utter against me, ami their flesh shall mil from of! their bones, and their eyes from their " sockets." The 20th verse ?ays"And it '.ill come to forestfand the fowls j)a.s that the beasts of the air shall devour them up." We do not fear, we only pity those who are seeking to take our rights and liberties from us, for we, know too well what their fate will be. The Bible also speaks of many things that will befall those'who persecute the Church or Saints of God. Isaiah, 4Uth chapter, 20th verse says: "And I will feed them that oppress thee with " "tbeirown flesh, and tliv shall be drunken with their own blood as with" sweet wine, and all flesb shall know that V I; the Lord, am thy Savior, and thy Redeemer, the Mighty One'of Sister Elizabeth Kendall then" bore alkith- - 1 " three-quarte- inch from the upper ede. leaving the shirr string long enough to tieunjlernaL-Easte- ji tne bails on the lace, and embroider aii the solid parts of the lace withembroiderv-sil- k cor responding in color with' the ribbon nsed. -- " rs 