141 February 5 and 8. . The ilrt, February 5, (. was "given on the anniversary of the birth of me Kim. X)f the flrstiJiabo'paln (he Churchy Newel been bo living, ball Whitney, who wouMj bail 'havo completed tn that day Th parties were a marked guccets in every .to iepect, nnd trie 'hi oft t kindly feeling mined tiaco 1 a Lw fe o pa r tielp a t e 1 . j UUJ-..W11- 1 1 i eJsncpaaiULa, cen r" labors RreaTfkrowflmToTten Ttgr4aitthai d . un-- . Lirfn'rAtlont-tfiei- appreciated, and it ia where honor Js dne. but right- to give honor - miR courtesy rrorn me president of the Church will be reraembuid hereafter with grateful appreciation. The eupper, or rather dinner, served onbeth .these occasion? wa3; sdperb, and the tfcb!e niflcentJy laid. Floweraand fruits were call arranged making the whole appear mere like the banquet uf a sunny southern land than Rocky Moun-tainthe once desolate, Who would have believed even twenty . oryears aga that fruits and flowers could have namented our tables in the dead of. winter. The dinner Heelf wasdelieious. Every dinb teemed Reasoned to the taste, and tho&e who served were moat attentive and. polite. AU was quiet, nrriorlv. an d well arraneed. The parties opened at rive with prayer and cloaed with bentdiction at half paBt eleven. i Enow-cappe- s. d , i u r - lean s the requirements of the .nwnf nnnos. at fl.00 a by MrfTXu gust Joyce for cal this office . t.m eanVvTbe-booki- s Crocheron and contains a sketch cf Sister K. R. Snow -- Smith, Zina- - D. H. Yonng, Phebe Wooiruff, Presendia L. Kimball, M. Isabella Home, Hannah T. King, Elmina S. 'Jay lor, Batheheba W. Smith, Helen Mar Whitney and ' others, The secretaries of the several branches cf the Relief Society In Salt Lake SUke, alo the V. -- . Tr.--Mr . lrArjmd IT far ehe they will-be; what U theGcpel for, if not ti elevate "msn- kind and prepare ihe.ro to enjoy the society and dwell in the presence of their Creitor our ly . I Father? Well; iMhey ever get thsre AvendfT if they would not reel lonely if there were no women there; and yet vo arc not thought good enough go" to tha'polls where they go. Paul said, "tho man is" not without tho tJhej"arind4he-n- No in I not be hiioulJ the Lord." 'mm .?, to tee the w whcr prsi-rtentl- y rtx'use to;grant ta their rightr, turn iyounu,j5fier,a while AThen;:th"v;y"Feo that the Mormon men are the only cne who are dUpoood to treat themttirJy, 4Ui;t-fil- fll Ute -prophecy of Ilaiah, rtcorJei in the 4 h chapter, in which hesaya: "And iu that day aovexi women shall take hold of one msn, eayiuyj, wo will eat our own breaJ and wear our own apparel, only 1st us be called by thy name to take away our reproach." One would think it had almost come to Ie a reproaelr bo be a woman7 Il ls pit- - iul to etesuch Inon plnced whf.re they can. have tho power to ople thoir rlghta, .it, ctemj to me that they fchowld be confined to a place where they could do the least harm and that : wa? better suited to their advanced idep.s than the quarterly conference of parTtheiTreporta these societies, which will convene about tho middle of March. .. The Secretaries of the teveral Stakes cf Zion of Relief Society, Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary A830ciationa are requested to prepare their various reports and send to the secretary of the central organization of the Belief Society and the ether Associations. I have looked long and 'fearnes( ly f ,r some one of the male sex, (outside of this Church who thinks tb at woman la a person and worthy of the franchise. I eaid pne of jtho, male tex but I ghoald not have madesuch a sweeping astertion, for there are some honorable exceptions (God bless them!) to the rule, and it ha3 always been a marvel to me, and, indeed, It passes my comprehension how men who profess to be intelligent can be bo blind, it looka to me eo natural that woman should be aa good and enjoy the same privileges as men. Why, they are the mothers of men. The very beet of men havo some of .them are willthe beat of mothew,-aning to acknowledge that their mothers ditl them eome good, but the majority of theraj one would think from their tone, had no mothers. Now, there is a great deal said about Mormon men oppressing Mormon women, enslaving them and a great deal mors of that kind pf ' nonsense, which is to ua very amusing, jorjwe know better, and we knd ff that those who originate such Btorle3 know better, for those Bame men (Mormon men) gave us the franchise, and now those men who would do ua such great ser-- r' "vice (in their minds) would like to see it taken way from; usj'ana yet they love . nsj biaV4 they not proven their love for lis in 'many way? Are d 1 KUTJf. ISS1. . 'my experience and observation. Pear Editor: Hardly . r ; feeling capable, yet I will endeavor to write a lew lines to our worthy Jittle ptper, the to (5lie Ex-- , Exponent. have been a subscriber years, aud I cau truthful ponent for about four 30 interested iu p. paper in all Waa never ly 6y I is my life; it highly appresiated In our family, d and I read it with great interest; it , my feel rnskes me good when I observe the interest cur sister are taking hr beariug their tea ti monies to the truth ox thia Gospel, and t&kiug such makes mo feel, great interest in our paper. It to like have a voice would I dear sisters, that 1 of God and not work with you, a?) rkhOiV this of mau. ihi8 ia the flratxattempt that I have made for publication, so if I don;i. do"aa well as the rest of my sisters you will excuaa me, butbe-Iwill writejust what the spirit dictates, for I Jieve we ought at all time3 to be dictated by the Dear Slaters, Holy Spirit what to say and do. ns? teach it teaclu.sus our does religion what and everyho.y, virtuous, bo to Uoneat, pure, Thon a Jlfa. .nohjii will elevatejuato thing thit true .of lives live the to frister?; It pays us, my tn observe ua the It Saints." LatterJay Lord and pays command Hia mentp, keep will of the and tera- whereby we will be blessedhespiritually thufe knoweth the poraJly. The Bibio says, not shall to leat- it docth and will of the Father en with many stripe.-!.- :Then, enters, let us try lo overcome our weaknesses so that the Spirit of our habitations peace and harmony will dwell in hu-bau- . - -- . " cove-nant- s, holy ten pi a for the liv-- i -- - a u ai here the rreeuieni we have me um.ron or ua the thtnga or woa, ana ii we ..win oniy oif erve the teachings we rtCdive from time to lime I : k u q w jt hat u u r Te w a ru WJU h 5 bu re. I ftud thaTilcfnl that I am a member of the W ard of "Ijogan . RelietoCielxjote-econ-- : , "Our worthy president, Shter Ballard, U a CO goo J Latter-dsiSaijit, who, with her uh e'tht SLjttr!iLir:,(in and Smithy lanBtnvrijg nt aTTUmes to tench such things to t hefeter" as will build them up, and how tlitm the truths of faith-fuF- y ? life and salvation. We have real good meetings ar?d the Spirit o the Lord 'pfavaiisia our midt.. I always feel greatly bleeped by attending ur mbeiingB. 0 coutte, at times a mother with , small children k e8pecial!y in the kept-atilome- e. winter our littla darlings t ) the teyeriiy of tho weather, fur the Lioru ita3 given Uiem to us u- ta tike to care of, and if we do not Ho will call not U01U2H0. I never let work ktep me at home, for I f;ccompiisii muc'i moro by attending my meetings than I do by staying at home, for I am ble3?ed spiritually as will as T temporally. tim.wiiea.it--poj.Jom-ta--FXji'js- - - ac-eoun- nor ' ; : ', in the RChoolhouse;jtve had JwitU-- u . rthe Presi-- z dent of the rttake, Sister Benton, and her two c.uaselors; had a very interesting meeting, and I know if we.sistsra will pui; into practiie teachings "we received, a3 I know they are true, we will berC3ived in the celestial Kingdom, an.! riwAll with (lad our. Father. I do not kivo this inforniatiou in as a secretary of th3 Reliof Socioiy, but merely 83 a member of 1the nocieiy,' a3 it makes my heart rejoice when think and ponder over tho goodness of God and t ho bles-- r inga He be3towa upon us from day to day, ind He will con tinua to bestow more upon us if we in Javro nuu x.vp Will Uul) UUfSy wuiuihuu nients. I kuow.Uiat we aa wive-- and mothtTH-hava great minion to perform, we can accomrainin-cu- r plish much and do much good in families in the fear of the Lord; if we will f nly bo prayerful and faithfal; teach our children how to pray; ask - the blessing on the food in the absence of the father: that when they are pick they will have no use for but will call for tho administration and havo faith; even fauh from little children avail-et- h much; thia I have experience i. There is a little eifcumstauce that happened a wees or two ago to my nine uihbuwiimo' late. He will be six years old nrxt month: he wai playing in the yard and fell on a broken bottle and cut hia leg; it waa quite a bad cut for the time,the wound laid open and thetlh hanging out. Of course, . mother like, I wa3 frightened; he was crying, bnt the first words he haul tl'-.'o- -- " - ph-et- ny portions of trust in this great Republic of free Araerics,' namely, a ' lunatic a3ylum. VelI, ptrhaps I have csid enough upon this sabj ect, f or it?"is one ';hat' is calculated to rai?o tho blood of '76 tb boiling point if engaged in too freely; and I desire to keep cool and not exerclsa myself unnfcessari-ly- , - a - -- thehillr ofX'oigresor Feb. Ut., 4 to- to, for l nave a great privilege, my w -- AN INDIGNANT AMERICAN WOMAN. or.. I thank the L rd t.very d ay I live for Hife bltHBings tovvarda me aiid rny fam sr on Hi' J mT oil nnla for ifih Tiii'lt e vttf. r. , r It of the mouutain?. in the valleysjoying htr?. desI the read cf when mfikes my heart uhe truction and destitution that is egoicg on In tiie world. We can seo the predictions of thepr corning to pas3 more every day wo live. t hen tbis ought to maae us iivk nearer uie Lord. I think we as a people uught to feel wonderfully bjesed; we ouuht to more gteitly enjoy Lpur religiou hero tlian we did in tho old eviuutry, sur--prlde- vjfjtheTen think it officiate a rand the ij ead . s "' (: feiht , -i s ly in those Kea-voD- d-- r- wo to be living in tbi- great and eventful ttr, where we. cao, living faithful to oir , UoHnel I proven it, u t harli t or ua aenvea. from paying au honest tiihiug and paying our e ; . 4 irtsRhsreTir-Kre.abk.mg- vealfcd to Joseph Saiit,is. ealculaiel tomake mon-gooi- , if Uiey wiJjrepento! Uieir fins; and good men better Wes expect them to bo better than, other men, tind it they up to --- will rif ver reak auv -- rw- u.i; : ji ' U3 ti;-l- ny:hiny"thftlli - " recocmltioiu-an- - thfif yn nitu "ol auui;ir.g. their .jvi irelrhg tiieaolhtS' sCit J5,".vacu":t'iui facts' me fry hnvp moiu 'hiriiriy,- arid cur righW&ro but- wonierr- - that we: have any knowledge of.. There pro Mormcn ' men, or cour?ef mac; aro u) batter tiian otner v a- n mejibut where thh J je jae-- t Uc? vlk ges, ; oi th (iGRpel au r a-i- o t.-n- r,I n h:fflh$migj i n Ir i J r e and then the fcterner fiexwilioe &o!e to ovtr-coii- e their weaknest.e?, for th? Lord reqnirffl'a that will be humble before ilm that they not always Jmporfuniri gtCongresa "to do.,, touielbiug in otir lrhnif, If.." It" U only tiit-ito pas j lwdjto-'couipft- lcut fithers, and -- in - fc XJL doc-tor- e, my le." So I said, what do you want, 6'barJey? He said he wanted some oil. What di!, I fcaid. Of course I knew that he meant confctcra'ed oil. Taat will make me better. I Hppllad the oil and in half an hour he was up running around Hgnin I was afraid it would start bleeding aiaii), hot it did not. It was astonishiniz how it healed. This Fhowe that he has great faith in the oil aud, he will drink the oil. like water. I always use Hmm th it from their infahev. and I know it. doe3 them good. This little circumstance makee . 