W OM A N '3 EX P 64 taking the reat we were so much cf, as we had a walk of live or six fire i;yje In need -- miles before us. " After an early dinner the guide informed um that he Was realty to accompany ui and we were 1 mmediateJy on hand, feeling quite freby aii fetarted cut in high spirits. The first half mile we go down a pali or very steep hill into the crater, -- : grasses and bsautifulty tetded ferns. Nearly at the foot of this hill we came suddenly upon a lone tombstone, which our guide inform ed.ua . .i i. '' me maraca grave oi a young man jwno went k. m- - return- ing. Acro39 the bottom of the crater we walked about three miles, crossing lava that bad been thrown' up about three weeks prevcu3 to our visit, and from the crevices of which the hot gas and tulphurcus steam and, smoke was still rising. We first visi-te- d the old lake called Halemaumau, which was' not very active, and only spouted np in places, occasionally throwing the lava several fest into the air and again dying down.' There was a look of disappointment plainly visible on the faces of some of our party. "After watching thia for a short time the gaide proposed taking us to the "New Lake." We readily consented, following f fta tvotf r CI i4i! )rr aa Via rr J j 1rf Viiv v. l vt wuj w luco nvev 'J ij csnmaflrvi'i dropped ' - a. dead at this place when ; 0L1 iu A n & ccme up into our facet, nearly choking uf, while the recks feH uncomfortably warm to our feet; .but we followed our guide closely, occasionally Cftstlr-anxious glances towards him and hardly able to tuppress a slight screarc,asour feej$)d through the thin outer crust arf4; sink several Inches into the cinders beneath At one place the gases were so strong rthajt "it was to breathe freejy, and wehurrled along as though wo would tjuttacate before we feeling cculd draw a free bieatb, ondT were just In time to hear the guide advise us not to walk, too close. Jy together as it was a recent flow over which we were passing, and pointed to a hole several . feet dtep where some tourists had broken through the day before. Wheri we reached the New Lkolt was throwing up the molten lava in three or four places, and its activity seemed to increase. We stood in almost speechless amazement feasting our im-jiOHsi- ,. before ua. PorcotHnntficl o r ten were our blistered feet, our weary and aching limit, eveiy other feeling being swalloweJ up in admiration and wonder Our speech soon ert f ha no rtm j co kjl iw fill- hlimn '- : returned, however, and I remember Sister Young catching me by the arm and exclaiming, "Obi lock there, Bister Partridge." And at the CdlUU m. ' - " ap-peer- ad ENT vourcd by the fiery elemant?; and melted again. At thesam time other places will ba foaming and fretting, liisslng and blubbering, throwing into the ai-- , until you teiin the fiery to wondf rvw blather bu .are at a safe distance or anfeef " part, not far from where we id stood, was a. circle of blaze perhaps twenly yards in circumference, while In the center the crust was black and hard; and thua it continues,never appearing twice alike. We were favored with ; one view more grandly sublime tb&nall ttie reat. -- While thediiterent changes; were taking place the whole mass teemed to be stirred qp frcm beneath, bunting all bjund foamed up, spread and ran in every direction one seething, throbbing mass of boiling lava, looking for a few minutes as if It would rise above the banks and flow over; but after this grand convulsion it gradually settled down egain, its . surface becoming black as ' before. Oar guide now rf minded us that it was p ist eight o'clock, and would protably .be twelve b- 7 fore we would again reach the house, thinklcg, I suppose, that we ' would travel more slowly going back than we did on coming down; but In this he was mistaken, for although we. were lcth to leave so grand a sight, and looked back many tlmes,andby the flashes of light we saw, what a grand display of fireworks was -the going somewhat anxiously of display, yetJhought the morrow, and wondered how we would feel in the morning after such a short nigh t'a rett, We were not slow In retracing our steps until Praying that the blessing of heaven may at. tend you and all those who are laboring for the cause of Zldn, I remain, i, !HZIW Your sister In the Oosjpel of Chrhtj . . spnrh -c-- . - TU 1 Uf To o Im mrn h Una Diuii-uivut- njjvo m on vr ui MEETING. T I fa in Tf ChO Vl lie J J IIX 1 uiivuiij vvaru ivssemuiy rooms on Saturday, August 23rd, commencing at 2 p m., President sln tlnst prayer was effered by Mr. 8. S. Ycuog, and after singing again the minute8 of the previous meet- - tue ourieenin MIi-H'ornpusidinglV- fter 111 ill u LCJ icau auu Bjijiiuituj auu of the Primary Associations from the 10th, lltb, 21st and 12th Wards. Mrs. Home expressed her gratitude and pleasure to be able to meet with the sisters once more, regret tad there were no minutes from the Y, M. I. A. Bald since meeting with the slaters she had been traveling in the eettlemeuts,"and had attended a great number of meetings; had been to Fnh Lake to the conference of Y. M. M. I. A. Piesldfnt Woodruff was there, and, to her astonishment, gave out an appointment for herswlf and Sister K'chards to hold meeting. She then referred to the massacre of the Elders n 'PaTumsp: :nr1 nThnrtflil the ftJatprn to fnlth:. fuInislWldTlllllgence; spoke upon the political '.situation of the country, and so Mrs. P. WoodrnfT was the next speaker; she afro alluded to the persecution the. Elders had to endure who went forth to preach "the Gospel, and the sorrow in tne ramiiies or mose wno naa been recently shot In Tennessee, and to the eventful times In which we live. Earnestly entreated all to prepare themselves to enter Into Temples and do the work for the dead; said it was fifty years this month since she joined the Church, and referred to some of the eventa of that early time; told the sisters she was going away for a little while to visit relatives In the east, bat would not forget them, and trusted they would remember her, she hoped to return In safety. Sbter H. T. King made a few eloquent remarks uporl the scenery and places she had visited In Idaho since she last met with the sisters, and gave an account of the meetings held there, ILig. ed -- the sea. ' .a I t -- 1 . 1 - J.J 4 At I- - 1. V. 1 t" country. She spoke of that remote part of the I her naving Dsen in inia vauey ALI.l winy years, uu ri m A 1 . 1 .4 had never called In a physician. Dwelt considerby faith, ably upon the gift of healing the sick ' other good things. and said many while said Dr. Barney sitting there the whis"Who is on perings of the Spirit to her were, tVtak vmm arrH ta T Via'arraA mVtr.) .4. U. it of Mrs. Horne to the children upon obedience, and said the motherB shonld Inculcate faith in the children; spoke of the gifts of the Gospel, and said many other good things Mrs. 0. S. Young, Mrs. E. B. Wells and Mrs. 7 a i i Afa Xoung eacn Bpoae a iew muiuira, nuu iuwi Home put the following motion to the meeting: That the sisters commission Sister Woodruff to act as a representative of the women of Utah whereever she ray go, to speak In their behalf and teach the principles of their religion, and exas she pound dec trine to the people of the world unanimay have oppcr tunity. The vote was mous. Singing, "May the g'raca of God our Savior,". Benediction by Mrs, Phebe Woodruff. x We stopped at the honee of our native friends a couple of hours for rest and dinner. After taking leave cf Bro. Marchent and the natives ro.-MllIer L. Partkidcik. HENlOa KETBENCHMEN we came to the Pali; this wa3 the hardest tug of all, but we succeeded! Jn leschlng the house I y half past nine o'clock,' and were soon shiver- ing in bed, but after getiling warm slept comfortably until five In the morning, when we were .aroused from our elumb'era to prepare for another hard day'd Journey, a ride cMwenty-flv- e mile3 on hortebick. Much defended on cur getting an early start, bat the host could not be prevailed upon to give us breakfast earlier than sixbut we had everything In readiness so that we could start as soon as breakfast was over, and half past six found us on our horse3 and bidding good bye forever to the volcano and its surroundings. Oar horpea wero shivering with cold, and looked as if they had been poorly fed. The rays cf the rising sun were welcomed byall as they tinged with golden hues the lofty summit of Mauna Loa, and caused to glisten the snow capped peak of Idauna Kea in the distance, which risas to a height of 13,805 feet, Mauna Loa being but little inferior, being 13,000 feet above -B- B. ; . im-agln- fj to some grand display on the other side ol the Hfce, and so It was with all, cacn wltn a la or ner rrza fixed on some particular point of interest. I wish it were In my power to describe one tenth pirt of what we saw; could I do this I think your readers would be repaid for following my tiresome account of our little journey. As we looked over the lake sometimes it perfectly smooth end black, and then we would b startled by ajetof flame shooting high Is a very peculiar color, up In the air. Thia lava deLslng something the color of blood, with a cided tinge of orangfr in it, and th!ckish locking ' at times. I.nei of fire will be seen running In every direc Ion over the black surface like fUshea of vivid lightning; theee will remain a few minutes, perhaps, during which time a continual rlaing and falling of tae liquid lava under Ihe crust la visible, making the lines of fire wider and widtr, until all Ja broken up. The black blocks of cooled lava will be ralaed up at one side or corner until they are tipped over into the boiling lava underneath, and are greedily de O N goingwithwnEt61etumT we started for the beach, and only arrived In Time a the last boat wai Just ready to push off". The sea was fearfully rough, the breakers coming with such force as to shake the plitform upon which we were standing,and sounding like the report of a cannon as they dashed against ; the rock. One boat came very near being . certainly aid look dangerous, swamped, and a we breathed silent prayer for protection, to but Him who holds the winds and waves in the hollow of His hand, and stepped into the little baat without fear, and were conveyed onboard tho steamer. On our way back we stopped at Wailuko, on the Island of Maui, and sp-a few days very "our sister Kapuklnl, meeting pleasantly with with the Jvellef Bociety of the place of whlca she is the President. We left Maui Saturday 19th, and arrived safely at Honoluhi the fame day; left Honolala for Lale Tuesday; arrived the same day well satisfied with oar journey. 17 , : nt , just Rights Association has Norof the capital been formed in Christiana, . Uo trArni r way. its programme is w ciaim ivi n T,.,mnn For marriec cu aiiuuuiau iiuwjiu fronpral . wages for equal women, property rights; equal work with men, and the ballot. "A Woman's at'n 