:1M AN'S where mbt needed, and where its achieve-inen- it-i- s t will efleet the niost ood." And. here is tho testimony of another learned -- physician: ."roiii a very large verbal and written eorrcs- this and other. tate I jam satis-tiepWdwice-it'fmt we have become a nation of munlrr- Is this not n Home thrust, and what en u that r wrnn'K'nt 11 iiiuilwrrmirtfoT is so lo.st to everv sense of" i i j e so ao jiorinaJuinianit-aiitt-trareyeWn(iHtoined to these crimes that their conscience Brti PON EX E NT . 147 sure them that from these mouutains is to roll th;it httln stone: spoken-- of in the zScriptures," ' which will bring about, this great work of, re-- '. i"rm. And though our motive are now niH-- , is.nderstid anil we art: looked down as the very seiU!i. otei:ety,-V- v do not feelupon THINKING OF. HOME. 'Tla Sabbath evening, huched and still, Away in the chilly north; -Frota the, window of my Bister's home-- I look with ead eyes forth. The shades of night are gathering fast? Another wintry-d- ay is gone, Like many others has It passed, ' Without a word ffomiiomer - d jiiare. v . ' - itJuL .vorcd of (hihlrtai, and console ourselvfcs Go-- , . scathed over, as it were, with a hot. iron. rnrcms. ivhrurezromr.Tine cr v Tu'rei n i . - diate every wile but one leave' them with a tarnished name destitute of homes aud .support and bring them down, if possible, to their Own degraded level, ignoring the very thing which would soonest rid the world of these social impurities;, " They know as well as we do that this kind of marriage would be a promoter tif virtue. il it were only made honorable .before the world; but that would destroy their own pet. institutions, therefore the' cry' it down- - But if purity is ever brought into Vorld it will be when women - enjoy equality with men and can have a voice in making the laVs,?and when they will claim the 'freedom of choosing and raarrving honorable "7 "i i i i rti i "'' jiusnaiKis wno w in noi ue asnamed to own them before the world- as wives: though they raav have a .rural number. And this, is the, will enable that to us erect a lasting only thing barrk r against those pernicious and ing influences that are fostered and encouraged in the . midst of our would-breformers. A painfulevidence of its looseness and immoral tendencies we are obliged occasionally to .witness, and the withered hopes of tlH.e who we rein a measure blind to the vicious and 'vvill yet be looked up to and honored as the founders of a superior syjeijw "Arid while I gaze with acliing eyes . Upon this dreary, snow clad yale,7"" ' think of the.far-of- f Bunr.' sklep, r -i- or-"Mti . . - the-politica- l . i i Andwlch .baneful--iiillueuce- tkir that were gradualIyjtbro:ii arouncL. We are fixed and, deter-jfline- d to grapple with error" and prejudices until a better system of social government is we tear not the consequences, knowing that we are in the service of Him who commanded it and that lie will still iiivv vidq a way for our deliverance, and that He has ; accepted the bleeding sacrifice that we have made for thepublic weal as well as our future glory, aijd which has stimulated the weakest saint who haa launched forth to remove the obstacles that are thrown up like mountains before us. There is no other panacea to bo found, and we shall be enabled through this to produce a higher and nobler tpye of humanity, alike in physical,mental and moral growth. And we defy any earthly potentate or .power to compel us to give husour testimony against bands who have other wives for conscience sake.- According to an old time proverb, "When woman will she will, vou mav dptnrl on't", but when she won't she won't, and there's ...an end on't." And we think that they will have to begin soon, to be enabled to roof over sufficient Territory to hold all the wives and children who will refuse to give evidence to convict the men of their choice. Which prac-- . tie'e should be considered the most odious in tllG of decent people, that which was foi-- . lowed ; by men of God anciently, or the modern custom of brothel-keepinhouses of iniquity, which are built and sustained bykthers and, husbands' who are open perjurers? Running after "strange women," whose "mouth is a deep V pt," and "her that is abhored of the Lord shall fall therein, his house is the way to hell, going down to the chambers of. death: he that doeth it destroyeth his own soul." ' The women of this Church are generally of the strong-mindeclass, and as we have discarded the various receipts recommended by -- the pious male quacks, we advise them to retire awhile and allow us to "mix' and swallow nnr . physic, if we need itf instead of forcin pit u omer s people throats. 13 ut we will, as loved ones. . NOTHING ON THE' BOOK. With patient faces 'and'timid steps To the lofty Gate they came, '" And answered each to the keeper thero, With tnTnhliii Jipa.thelr nain, For their oarih-Iifwork was done, and now They mu?t meet its iiraiso or' hlame. 'Aud " c On the faces brown, weary ami "old, The pearly radiance fell; It Showed their faded and homely roles, poor coarse hands as well; That these were Uie poor and lowly b,rn It ncoded no words to tell. 'r . . g , d the limpid brooksthat flow Near mywu dear homeJn the sunny south, And my fall heart breathes a prayer When I think of the weary miles between MyBelf and the loved ones there; I shrink amid the deepening gloom, r Close to the window pane, To hide from the friends within the room " The tears that drop like rain. ' ' For when my nightly rest I seek No little evening prayers I hear Ascending on the stilly air -- . heart to cheer; My home-sicNo dimpled arms steal round my neck; No soft lips press my cheek; sweet mouth close against my ears Its loving words to speak. k And e'en through the trates of old The heavenly strains, entranclngly Rising and.faIInir,.Ftolc; Ah, the joy luulpahvthe hopes' and fears ' ,. By our tongue's could ne'er- bo told. ' -No - , "What record bring ye from the e arth below" Then all trembling answered he: "We toiled in poverty all our dayy, l and niy wives, all three; :Th0-JEO.JVas hard lut we've kept theaUii Aud brought.-ouchildren to Thoo." J. . With balmy spring npon your wings earth to dry. The snow-cla-- A meet to with friends is it joy I have seen not for years, But sorrow with my pleasure blends; J -- My grief finds vent In tears. d as " t But dreadful news received Has shut on t all that's bright, j Dear friends in Pleasant Grove are bowed And ' v " C Then turned they from the Goldfn Gate, From the holy light awa-y.-Heard in despair the rapturous hyma That everscemed to say: "Too late, O soul I hast thou come to Him . ." " , Feb. Oth., 1SS4. One sweet young friend, a sister's child, Has one bright, prattling boy; j Her poor heart now with grief Is wild; Her home bereft of joy, For he, like many more besides, With dread disease is low, Which fills the hearts of loving friends With sorrow, pain and woe. ' - -'- - "TTZZnTT Augusta Jorce- Ckohebow. - many jewels rich andxttje. "From strickened homes are torn; Three little daughters, pure and fair, A sister's heart must mourn. And "oh! how sad to meet with him, The husband, father dear, But just returned to his loving wife, Her bitter grief to share. So ' ' : t, 'Neath sorrow's chast'ning hand; lie opened wide the Book of Deeds, And "lo there is naught,", ho said, ''.Recorded here in reward for thee- ,Thy past is blank and dead; For thou hast lived for thyself, not God, ' All thy idle hopes aro fled. "For hath not God commanded thee ' " Woe to them that dwell at ease? Could not Jesus' words or His dying, touch . " Thy hearts, or bend thy knees? Thou canst hot enter into His joy i ,1 Who hath suHered not like these." to-day- to-nigh- k While death and mourning eem to be Sown broadcast through that land. The very skies seemed glad; We mourned no trials, and wrought no wrongs To make other creatures sad,." knowcth thee not home-sic- to-da- y io haiy a lime have had, Our friends wore trini and our fortunes blest, Ho T 'Tis seldom I am quite so sad And then came up to the Golden Gate Those who stood next behind, Their faces beamed with the certain fa Of bliss they looked to tind, For in their past neither shame or sin Their hopes to check or bind.' . ' Old Tjme, for once your flight I dare, Nor cire how swift 3ou fly . "Pur record below? My wife and I No strong arm near on which to lean, Except the arm of Truth's alone; Loved foces only seen in dreams Around the hearth at home, , Where sweet associations all-- "More dear than aught on earth, Until we lose them for a. while " We cannot know1 their worth. . . .. eyening mail. e ps lie opened wide the. secoulTBook, "Lo, there are the deeds," he said', ".Thu hast won eternal glory here, Aud in thy trial's stead JTor everxtes La jewel brlght In the crowa that waits thy head. "With these, thy wivob and children dear, Whom no guile could tempt or win, Who bln?hed not to live their .Maker's Jaws ' ''Gainst might and pride and sin; Where the Gods and saints in gladness dwell, .(.), thou blessed, enter in." . for-th- Eere are scarcely seen The fence-toAbove the drifting 6now; I think of the fields of emerald greea - e . (, We pray our Heavenly Father. Their precious livas to save,. And if it can consistent be, To spare them from the grave; That they may live In peace and health Until the Lord shall come, And hear without ataste of death, . ZZTheVelronlsonnd, ."Well done" Mart A. Farxswobth. - Georgetown, Feb. 8th., ISSl. 