r WOM AN ' - durHaving travelled somewhat extensively setdifferent ing the past year or 'two, visiting tlements with other .liters, I have Heard a great fi well. as in many testimonies by the reside,-apublic, to the purity' and godliness of the ;plural order of marriage, which has been the nU.'mtr the. hearts ofinanv.J sisters' who v mMii) UAtuu nf had come together as straiigers,;but dwelling-- SlYhA sr i i r-- t "" ' in the morning of the resurrection and find slaek- their glorv has been clipped by. their own . I ... l .' ness and reiusiug io lae upon inm ir.eir eru.--s of even to bear the souls of men, which is the glory nf wniaiH : T here i will .bo; greater' mercy."' lor the ones who b aye'j. i i'ned: t h rou gl iMgn -. tho worhl has n Vv. '"" (1 jru!rnH lju ftviitfii 'flifr' 'ho ''I'p'"7''' ''''id fty.bV a Bimt these princides will iiml that what they if-- we i. : teacli-- '' domjujoja an 1 God Wpnmfi smio-hf- . !i . - Iwa ritSIid y . n. . . I . , . , . I i , : undi-r-tands- 1 anu-uie- -- hoy-Prophe- t, was entirly dependant upon Him for revelation and wisdom; and he suffered the common lot of all who have" undertaken to war with wickedness and the fierce prejudices of a and corrupt Christianity. They are the ones who have thrown aside their free agency and do not exercise their own reason, but have JomethiiwiJJ ing slaves -- to pricstcfatt ana to iojIow public opinion, and they are-aireven their honest con victions. The Bible does ktit !... .:ird,. .! oioej, una i)iuiai uul l n.tLeui it.:.; . stero-type- d aid 1 liuisj-vio- thiUs'He hatetlj putting away." And what of thepresent state of society in the Christian world amisthe. crime of. infanticide which, in the words popular physician,-i- s "increasing with lea rfu rapidity ami has really reached sucli a magnitudea3 to seriously anect iue growth of civilized nations and to threateu ; tiejr very exisieiice. x ' niost unstinted and sciitfjuW invectives are. used in characterizing the criminality of a mother who takes the life of he Viborn 1 babe,- n out a word is seldom said ot the one wno micci oi . ; ml - . - -- s ipa-tio- 1 man-feari- am meek and lowly in if d "rest" ti n t o y o u r rrd ' keeping all tho commandments which has given. to His proph;ts, ancient and inodern, will be enabled, in a day to come, to claim the same xrlorv for having been faithful over'a .few e make them rule rs o ver m a ny . hings,-Il Saint who has Thi3 is what every Latter-dacome to an understanding of this G..: v.."' . h work i u L r , m ; . Iljs ha I f timuiat es a j n hi Cs us to- "endure; all tiling's ihat'.wcinaV obtain all things..'' Abraham was promi-e- d that his seedNshould becomo as mun rous as theVand7 upon tliQ sea shore, and 'others. iiave received similar premises. But he had a plurality of his king lorn. 'Was increased wives, by more rapidly, )tnd so alsj did his sons, and we see. by natural principle that the size of one's kingdom must depend, greatly upon the num: ber of their posterity asxwell as by adoption, and also upon their righteousness in this probation, and we will find millions of children whose parents are unworthy otthem. And where there "are" a number of wmis who are fruitful, the .'.more numerous wil l bechu! thi and' if they are also righteouVtacir wife may In this way eventually lxxi);mKa queen over her own- kingdom; and the greater the number ot kTng(1oi7H"'tTfe greater will be the man's glory, ;and all tlu-swill add to tho kingdom and glory of otir God; and when theirwork is finished and presented to Him, if each have done their part as He commanded when he divides his estate there, is der the woman from receiving what she has earned, for this is her own heritage. But wliat of those who from pure indolence or the fear of trouble or a spirit have shirked their duties ; and disobeyed the ; commandments and requirements of their Ma-- T be frUltful aud multiply and replen-- ish tbe earthy wa the, first and great to labor and till the soil was notcommand, "ennoonly bling, but healthful, and promotes "life, and such are' progressive and give evidence in this probationary stale of their worthiness to fill a nigner and more responsible position in the next. How much more terrible will be their sinjindjheir disappointment when thevwake" " I whu-has-r-ndr- - s e.7f h alLfi will Wh. re tlicri'' :i sold ing obedience to His adhionitions; thatjias ioi found peace and rest to the soul;' Wo know that .there is far greater safety and happiness both here and hereafter in taking the cour-rthat was marked out by the Great and ATwise Creator than to trifle with and outrage His laws and the laws of naiure.and thereby b and di-- s coine tb e g rea t e r a v es t r pa?.-:i- n Anil. we know if tliv plural- order of mar- !, ii .1 ',, o il n t tt I I ! ' n h. t ,im ' n j woujd have been th wartd a hid whi.ii better than does Satan, no i;n; is v.e are prompted continually and this why to do evu and-tneglect our duties, are his agents who are so energetic in opp ii:g this Ghurchv because he knows it to be theoli-ly true one; which will receive and actupoii this and other, principles which God has condescended to:reveal to us through His Joseph Smith, who, being unlearned, was not puffed Up in pride and vain conceit, but y evl)r(rryr)f-Chicago-; laden, and nie7irll"ethlU"labljr I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn of me: for le " poM-tious .'-'Com- e kingdonrwhiehherha rhldp(Hl'l7 Inhabits Yes, and every son'aiid" daughter h)j willingly walk in accordance with thjso laws and plans laid down by the Father and .Son Jesus g 1 v.' - the d d-iait- . - superior judgment overruled, that feeling-be- came" subdued if not en tirely squel ched. President Brigbarh Young was in favor of this step, and had proposed it sometime previous to his death, and the Lord had, no doubt, inspired him to do so. The woman's bill had passed both houses, but it failed to become a law for lack of the signature of our Christian philanJiropdy Eli H. Muras ray, whose deatbTknell is already-soundinanother warning to that class who try to rise : upon the downfall of others. Allowing that the old Scriptures were "not all given by inspiration' as testified by the 1 1 1 i ehouoo 1 e, - imnn ticnnrrK l these we'l ci)ijieuTur.d4xaiinotbHH:frt lienTT u i , u 1' W elL r an a over lew things au hrnTliasr5cen faittitul . over ruler I will make thee; many." But the fill' tluve, high; ; ones ihat.arc destined "to will who are only those yield a strict' ohe- "diencc tu the laws of God, and such mut taake b. lu up their mind to tread a thorny jtath, made jiartakers of sorrow ;and sullering that they may understand the "heigjith and the depth of im.rhil woe: "that they inay be eanable'uf feeliiK' for others, and to deal out true justice. ilii. 'i "'nv wn-- m. i uui . cl lllitl OiVlA-- , vior, which'is set xs a sample, ami if we ever with Him, must we not tread become joint-heir- s unm in His tnottei)s? But He said anjia 1 bt given to another, for they have buried their 'Fnlont instead "of imDrovinLr unon it. An.l an - .autrel of are-'lowerin- g -t- r- Fee mei t . t omLVJiixu-ta-- a -- . X . anceTTKw:iiiat'. ; the misery ot mauKinu. When he said unto Eve, "partake of the for bidden fruit, and ye shall not die; but ye be as God, knowing good and cvil,".hc;didit ;;;. tho!E)rd cnly perinit-- ' ted him to go thus inr "to- carry out His own them--'eesit plans; and ineii thai admit when they they did but know it, their mother,-namto is attached a such stigma "You brought sin into .the world." When the Lord: said, "Behold the man is become one of ti?,".. He meant the woman as well and if they became one with the gods in- d partaking o f that frui t , tl ten can wc not raw this conclusion, that in the restoration of all things woman, who was tlie first to know good tbe-jjxrand"c yij , w:l Is tan lLtls. god'cL aeh a -t li rat Ter"willeigTrTn like --"ailed --as man ratrdmajesty and power a's a queen or goddes; ovejp. -- her having a hand in transcribing or changing them or any 'ofTthe Ordinances of God's house. And when, what he terms the "ten thousand old wives' fables," which "the Old Testament abounds with, finally drop out like a tadpole loses its tail," the world will have no further"" use for the now necessar y ' appendage called woman, and the honored practice of rais-- . ing families will have become obsolete But as we are dawning upon a 'more enlightened age we find that wc are 'not dependent upon man's theories or fables, for the heavens are opened to all who will knock, and there, if we seek, we can find. , It is the privilege of all to search after the wisdom and the knowledge of God, which is necessary to enable one to tread in the path which our Savior marked out,show-in- g plainly that we must give to Him our undivided hearts, and that if we wish to attain to the highest glory we must pass through similar n. . -- t fallen from heaven, wlierctore ne devil, having? sought that which Avas from heaven, jurestfitenwardaTATomanVemattCTpatioTrfromthat thraldom and . servitude which has been imposed npon her by thelterher sex, and under which she has weltered for so. many centuries The Lord has decreed that she shall be free, and it is her prerogative, ;as well as man's, to choose her own path, and improve her talents as she feels inclined, and show whether or not her gifts are inferior to his. When reading General Butler's opinion about "woman not being a person' I thought if he had only been a "Mormon" this would have furnished a sweet morsel for bur opponents to send forth to ,conde"mnij.,jvheiL among the most generous of their lords of creation t few have yet been willing that woman should have a voice in any public matter whatever, as- - if the - crime ' of womahlnod should doom her to perpetual vassalage. The . ladies of Utah were amonir the hrstto. claim of. tha males who some the franchise, though were not entirely liberated from that old fogy idea of Paul's, that itj'was not decent for a woman to speak in church," felt considerably ' alarmed over the fearful step that some of our ladies were taking, especially when applyiug for the removal of woman's disabilities, thinking it very unfeminine, and that they were trespassing upon forbidden ground, and would more than likely make fools of thjniselves, and there was quite a war of "words over It. ButN as ridicule was their best weapon, it "gave us the advantage aud they were beaten - at their, own gamp and retired considerably discomfited. And being blessed with wiser heads, whose raaff'mwriayI this sin to Eye's door, as we have no record of. and-ha- - wc n'ri told, was once old-serpent,- other, and this attachment had become deep and lasting. Their testimony did notadd any thing to mv faith, lor 1 kuawbyactual-e- x "Hence that to enter this order is the first and - self-esteeme- in , w snshness and nracticinir the inrrsT)fhTistt : " u will da this we can bewith Him to kingdoms, princicome joint-heir- s this ami more cvei, palities and powers. All than can be comprehended by man Kpromwilhi'g- today ..the hed to every soul who mill,:-thafoundation iorit'here. We we arc all brothers and risers of one grrtit aud wi vugbV: O :iurderstand our tme i family, ." ' rnr"n..n.l 11h King- w positi 0 ni:o"l)irr Fa t her trials, and that a 11 & A i B n' .' t - rt - T rhive the unfortunate one existence."'- Thouirh doctars, ministers, moralists have said much upon t subipcf nnd written mnrp. if h reasonable to much suppose they will never accomplish 'of..anything in the direction of reform until th ey re cog n i ze th part the man acts in al 1 of these sad cases, and begin to demand reform - . 