ness, and the spirit' of the Gospel as taught by Jesus Christ. This Is the way it appears t o one Grant's vision; hoped God would bless and aid ' US." - Buinrcymgin - Counselors David Osborne singing; the Secre- "to be tjood and praiseworthy. . n j jtrre- - liean was giad to hear of the societies being so willing to perform the duties assigned them; desired the sisters" to be unitcd.and not allow nationality to separate them' into clas?e.-;-: ... . tary then read the report desired them to visit the Y. L M. I. A. and P.. A.; appointed some to go as missionaries to tbepe associations. Said tire Lord would help us if we.would try to help ourselves; we should work together and love one another. . Meeting adjourned until 2 o'clock. Singing. . -- -- , John fel tvellTomenFcn yrnTt"iTiriTnTm cm-aecm- int 1. Jane Spencer -- ierence; thought we should store our niiflds with useful knowledge, that we might be enabled to con ye rmi men igen t i Ini rav-kntw,ico- iti -- ... . feer of the BTbJe and the Mormons. they have more of the true spirit of Christiahi: ty than any order Of people 1 know.- - Wh -- not let them alone? Is it t)f their plural marriage system?. It does look like the ladies ought to be allowed to contracT"fortyeln selves in the matter of marriage, and let the lawsot God a3 revealed in the book' oi human nature regulate things, Now, Mrs. Editor, if this is worth printing in the Exponent, let it come, I am not ashamed to own the opinion LJiave.formed ; 73" abou W he'Mormons. Z r May 31st, 1884, in the following. order: fleeting of the Association at 10 a.m., wlttc asrge attendance of children, and a goodly number of the parents, also the ward authorities. Meeting called to order by President Ann " - '. ... ItussELL. Benediction. - 2 p.m. Singing, prayer offered by Bishop G. W. Bean, singing. Two other societies reported as doing well, being united and anxious to perform the missions assigned them. Sisters E. Bean and C A. Hunt spoke upon . WOMAN'S VOICE. We live in a somewhat place and I suppose you do not hear from us very often; Our Relief Society is in a prosperous condition; it was organized in January, 1883, ..andhas continued to improve- - since that time. Our worthyJrYesident, Siiter. Catherine ilatchr is doing all she can to instruct us in the great latter-day- . work, which is still rolling on. The Lord says that man cannot stop its progress, and it seems that His. words are being fulfilled every day of our lives. The whole world is arrayed against us as a people, and they are always-- . planning something4brDur overthrow, but we still continue to grow and improve. It seems to me we ought to be very thankful to think that the Lord has enlightened our minds enough to comprehend the. truth of His work. We are blest above all other people, if the world is against us. I feel that the Lord-imightier than all, and if we are faithful He will bring us off conquerors. We have a Y. L. M. I. A. here; it was organized in Feb., 1884, and it 'is doing very well, considering the short time it has been or- ganized. The young ladies deserve credit for punctual attendance. Our Sunday School and Primary is in a prosperous condition, arid" the. young are preparing themselves for a noble and great work. Their privileges of learning are far ahead of what their parents had. My prayers are that we may all continue to improve and be thankful for Jhc blessings that we enjoy. I wish the Exout-of-the-- Jelubject to study-the '. Woodruff, Arizona,.May 1st, . - ubieet. . faithfulness. - Bro. Marsing encouraged the societies to go forward in their labors, train their children in the principles of the Gospel; explained some good points in Apostle Grant's vision. Bishop Joseph S. Horne felt highly pleased with what he had heard; could see a great imDiscourprovement; we had no time to idle. back-bitin- g aged by indulging in it we do wrongs to ourselves and others. . Sister Bean made a Jew closing and interesting remarks. Conference adjourned until the 12th of June; 1884, Singing, Benediction by Joseph S. Horne. Annie L. Bean, Asst. Secretary. gentile valley. Editor Exponent: - We were organized--- as a Relief Society-- f Mormon Ward on September 3rd, 1881, Sister Sarah S. Richards, President; Ann Hale and Anna Folkmann, Counselors. Since that time we hare done our best offering our mite whe- . L. . L. S. subject; gave some instructions and e rever iwaj most needjedvcJlava-xlonate- d K S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. RICHFIELD. Minutes of the Eighteenth "Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Sevier Stake, held jit Richfield, March 14th, 1884, President Elizabeth Bean presiding; Usual opening.ex-ercise- s. President Bean said she was - pleased to feel that a good spirit had met with us, even though none of the leading, sisters were with Minutes of the previous conference read and accepted, also the statistical and financial report. Five societies were verbally reported to be in a prospering condition, and doing what they could towards assisting in rolling oiihe ' latter-dawork, and other jjood instructions of; fered by the Presidents of. the Societies. Sister Thirza Thurber felt to encourage the sisters to live near to God, to thoroughly study the principles of the Gospel and learn all we could, to set a good example before our children; bore testimony to the good spirit one felt when working in the temple. Referred to Bra . y " ; -- s - . to-follo- montpelier. Editor Exponent: w . -- po wertirad vaneursaliblTTrrthe of intelligence. Mary , to-da- y- : Secretary. INVERARY. Our Primary Association here in this small - settlement numbers 115 members, and there is generally a full attendance. We liad a very enjoyable" time on the 7th of June. In the forenoon there were speeches, recitations and songs; all acquitted themselves well. The fixed attention of both people and children during all the exercises was pleasing. In the afternoon the little feet kept time in the merry dance. Perfect mder prevailed, and a. 11 went home satisiieiLthat the rising generation of Inyerary would be an honor to Zion. Emma E. J en.son, President, 7 Flora A. Russell, , ; Counselors. cedar butte, oneida county, idaho. Dear Editor: - . Jo our isolated situation we see but communications from this part of the country in your valuable paper, hence the liberty I take in penning a few lines to .you, hoping you will be kind enough tojjive them space in your paper. We are near miles north of Salt Lake and notwithstanding the visits of the City, Apostles are few and far between, the Latter-da- y Saints here are doingas well as in many of the older settlement-- , where they have much better chances,. On the 2nd of April the sisters of this place met and completed the. Jorganizationof our Relief Society, with Sister Mary A. Green. President; Jcanette Pool and Amina A. Stephen?, Counselor?; Mary ' A. Owing few - 2-"- 0 -- Shippen," Seretaryand "Harriet tant Secretary. Iiybce7A8sis Our Sunday Sthoofs are well attended and ably managed, the Improvement Associations are. up to the times. On the evening of the 21st the young folks had a grand jollification under the auspices of the Y. L. M. I. this place conskting of dialogues, recitations, songs, duets trios, quartettes, etc.; the little ones performed their parts which did credit splendidly, and lna-mann- er ' A-o- The fifth anniversary of the "organization of our Primary- - Association - took place scale M. Osborne, . Annie Hyatt, to the-sister- - ; the XiOgan Temple, also to the Deseret Hospital. We have some wheat on hand, and all have a good : spirit" and try to go to meeting as often as possible though the people are so scattered, and the men at present are so busy with their summer's work, it is impossible for the sisters to attend regularly. Apostle Moses Thatcher, -- Bro.. Win. Hendricks and Bro. Parkinson held twro meetings here last week, giving thejieople some very good advice; they ' appointed Bro.. John B. Thatcher, Bish6p,Alma Hale and Arthur D. Young, Counselors, our " former Bishop, Solomon H. Hale being promoted to the office. of First Counselor to thePres-- -ident of the Idaho Stake. : Our crops are Iookiiigwell, aand although times are unusually dull, andmbriey scarce, yet. wcanticipate more prosperous, times in the future, and hope for the blessings that seem ' the saints generally. ' I will close, wishing you every success. "'. Mellie Peck, Secretary. -- "- - ; - e-secretaries -th- Bros. Powell Poulson 'and Bean encouraged , y and instructed us in regard to our duties and the course we should pursue. Bore testimony to the noble' purpose for which the societies were organized, and the great good they had done; commanded their --labors, energy and - 1S8-1- . reports,desiring Jllustrations4ir)on-th- s ' ponent success. Your sister in the Gospel, 0I' the association for the year ending May 21st, 1884, which was very creditable, showing the number of raeet- -. ings, nfuraber of members enrolled, average attendance, etc.; the time was then occupied for one hour with recitations, songs, dialogues, etc.; when Counselor F. M. Winters, D. Osborne, and C. H. Bridges each occupied a short time in making-suc- h remarks as were calculated to encourage the members of the association. President Bunney then announced to the childrenjliat we would have a half hour recess for the purpose of arranging a bounteous picnic. At 2 p.m. the benches were carried out and the little folks were permitted to participate in the merry dative, which was a great source, of enjoyment to them. After dancing a couple of hours President Bunney and her cou"naeI6rs,"as-siste- d by others of- - the sisters," treated the children to. candy, cakes and nuts, which the children of course enjoyed. At 6 p.m. our amusements were brought to a. close, when all went home rejoicing. Our association numbers 132 enrolled members," and the attendance was on this occasion 136. We have excellent meetings, and our President and counselors are doing all in their o f " 