(.: -- - r- - : have other questions nearer their heart than woman suffrage, it matters not to us whether it is protection, prohibition, finance, or labor, so lonsr as our question in not primal. Hence bur choice is the Republican party, as it has a therast for coble deeds and -- words, and in its VJUA . numoer oi statesmen mvorauie a. small craft an-- : ahored in their harbor, "witlTlomethingto tie fc and fair promises of . protection. If we ""cannot trust the republican party, which has a local habitation and a name, where shall we look?We cannot follow the independents, for or they have notjold us what'. they believe, they are goin 'ThePribitionists done .1 may provo-myth,-constitwhen the time came .for voting. The uents of the working-men'- s party make up Sie rank and file of the large, majorities that have gone dead against woman suffrage in been . every State where the proposition 'has ' submitted. As to the Democratic party, it had no nolicv or leaderslibr a quarter of a with century, Now it would be folly for us. comour little craft (in the shape of a special mittee, a 16th amendment, and a bundle of of unpetitions), to go forth on the great ocean certainty, to trust to Cleveland, Butler or St John to throw us a rope Jn time of danger. if any of them found their vessels too heavily laden for a Presidential campaign, no doubt woman suffrage would be. the first part of the and one presented to the bereaveMamil) rr " : aln-ays-hav- O ;31eep, aikr, Secretary . " irVolrS.containlnf BteelInengraving morocco. 1.25 of the author, bound PALESTINE CORRESPONDENCE OF TOURISTS, with steel engravings of George A. Smith and Lorenzo Snow, A bound in cloth, $1.25, In morocco, - 1.50 " ': sleep, beloved jister, PE-- ! SISTER CnRISTENSEN OF MOKON'Ij KOSE ELLEN WHITE. : PARTED s Children, mourn not for your mother, For her homo.is now with God, Ask your grocer for "WAY UP," and accept no other. If your grocerymau docs not have it tell him to write to P. O. Box SMITH 1868. Ob UVUb - Children, mourn not for your mother, Even though 'tis hard to part, 'For you'll meet again in heaven And joy c great within each heart. SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF V dry RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. board to the fishes. There is every reason to aud suppose the Republicans will cling to us, hold us in reserve, as the next best card to into play. After having turned the negro every possible shape, made all the capital they can out ot him, the women, in the order of Providence, must come next; and it is not the interest of the Republicans to preserve our lives until that hour come. If, in this general disintegration of parties, a new one shall arise with a solid woman suffrage plank in its when platform, it will be time enough for us, to get ready to we see its battalions-formin- g, march in its procession. - To the memory of Maria J., wife of Bishop J, Booth, who depared this life October 7, 1534, m Frovo lT-"Whereas ' -- - - Al-wi- se Resolved, That we, the members of the Fourth Wards Relief Society, recognize in the death of our beloved and honored President the great loss of an able and efficient officer, a very devoted Saint and in the cause of truth. . ReBOlved, That we condole and deeply: sympathize with her bereaved husband and family in the loss of a kind and affectionate wffe and mother t Resolved, That we cherish ber memory arid regard her virtues as ever worthy of emulation. Resolved, That these Resolutions bo entered in the Relief Society record; also that copies be presented to the bereaved family and printed in the Territorial Ener beloved Diep, at Moroni, Sept. ,23, 1834, Christiana, Vifo of Neils Cnrl3tensm., Deceased wa3 born July 10, by Andrew Jensen Sept. 18, 13?3, in Denmark;-baptizeSho 1855- - emigrated with her family to Utah in 1857. the mother of twelve children. She leaves a husband, eight children, an aged father and numerous brothers and sisters, also eleven grandchildren, to mourn her loss. She was an affectionate wife, an Indulgent mother; was faithful to the princiof the Kelief ples of the Gospel; was an efficient member sixteen Society, holdini; the office of first counselor for and a constant years. She was a kind friend to the poor visitor to the sick. liar remains were convayed to the meeting house, the Relief Society followihg.iiv procession, where the funeral services were held. Several of the brethren made apcomfortpropriate remarks, aided by the Spirit of God, ing the bereaved family. ( d ; ' OF RESPECT a Whereas, It ha3 pleased our Heavenly Father, by the hand of death, to take from us -- oar beloved sister, we bow In bumble snbmiion to thedivino will of the Al a, mighty God. We realize in her death we havo lost friendly adviser and wise counselor. quirer and Woman's Exponent. f Xf Wirenv .i 'i .juii b. M, Meecham, MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, v . CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. cany a larger and more complete Stock than any hou?o In the west. carWe H. S. ELDREDCE, Supt. SpiecialJtotKeLadies. . Committee. A. Smart, ; , LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, . FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, , And an elegant assortment of L T Of O ODS; FZ3 CO., . . - Auerbach & Bro. A Full and Complete Stock of MILLINERY, TINNER, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS. Agent for RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded to, - and- iitt xiy Beneath the chastening rod; Although we mourn, the whisper comec, ' "Sho's gone to dwell with God.', T ID Bj Special department for Ladies' Misses' i a lib a uuuw. Sweet soul! too pure to longer dwell JDJVXjD, TAMES AT TEAJ3DELS Will be found the latest styles and ptoductions in Those who have lived and suffered Within the Gospel pale Ne'er feel such hopeless pain for those -- Who drirt behind the veil. -- mmit, - - We loved Maria for her worth, Iler meek and gentle ways; "We loved her for her willingness. To serve God all her days. mmm, goods, HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEEN8WARE, AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IMPLE ' ter,! OBITUARY. i ,' 6ur Heavenly Father has seen fit, in His providence, tn call from our midst bur beloved Bis- Elizabeth Cady Stanton. thristenseu; CASE, ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, - Chris-lian- & SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. ."04. Then bow to God and ask for comfort, And that blessing you will gain; For your toother's In His keeping, And is free from earthly pain. Hoar, Blair, and later, Reed, Taylor, McLoed and JBunne, to give us ever and anon some crumb3 of comfort.. --Humiliating as our overposition is, it is better than to be thrown- Adopted by the Relief Socie ty of 'Moroni: Resolutions of Respect to the memory of Sister doeigivo Complete Satisfactions She has filled her earthly mission And is wanted up above To continue In good labors Where there is but peace and love. m, RF.rOLUTIOVS ! refund As a guarantee of good faith they agree the money for every can sold which , But strive to fotlowln her footsteps; And hold fast the "iron rod." Nnw wft have had a narrow contracted little state room for many years on the Republican Lap-haship, with such men as Anthony, Sargent, " Way Up" Baking Powder. to T; . , When tboLfuIi6s of Utah can procure an article of merit which la made here In our midst a It not their it a trial? duty to at leastsogive when it costs no more than foreign E.specially uwmuuwou. goocl, ana is Kunranieeu 10 pivetuur now MESSRS. SMITH & CASE engaged in the matiufact and introduction of the L...-- .LINES WRITTEN FOB THE CHILDREN OF THE -- - ' Until" the morning trumpet eounds; You'll awaken from your slumbers And receive a heavenly crown. e t - PRIMARY UPE AKEK, Nos. 1 and 2, ; - 25c. per copy " MUSIC BOOK for Primary Hymn Book, 40e. Snow", . Vol. 1, SLOO,..,. POEMS, by E.R. JmMii:?! - . - Not long ago she filled her place, A counselor good and wise; But she has run her mortal race, And lives beyond the skies. a -- Fop Sala at fhm Mfiim- BOOKS BYLIZFr. iSHOW. Jank Bailey, rrcsident, Mart U. Saraii Joli.ey, '. rant;e'xU - 4- - Resolred, That we treasure up her past efforts in teaching ns the principles of tha Gospel, and that wo emulate her worthy example. Resolved, That acopy be spread npon onr minute V ' " P0 N E N T . W 0 M A N ' SEX T Goods Sprim? and Summer AND LADIES tn. OALI- - DRESS TRIBHIUGS. AND EX AMINJ?.- - 