pens,7? " rue Khy me of the Lady cf the llock, 1? .t. of two hundred and fifty pages "Bonnets and Sougs." Mrs. PfoJirer Jft much interested In the subject of dress reform, enter, taining the view that the present Uyle of dress Ja neither healthful ncr graceful. She was much .nprefipfcd with Sister Eliza R. Hno w Smith; thought her a most remarkable character, and woman and her ' expressed her admiration e a poem - . 'T t had built up and de ana was all owing totheirJf is aia uiaQ, peculiar religious fyatem, which bounds the peo JT' ft. , Coalville, jjp,?igu Coalville brass band was present on the occasion and played the" rrS wanee'R i bb ar" three times to the attentive assembly. Ex. "7 SPEECHES. ii . . A ROUSING MEETING AND STIRRING ; ..- vuuuvu II'JIIH TK3 mail muRium Smith admitted ;tl?at he knew nothing. religion nor polygamy, but still pro- -, ceeded to discuss both in a very scientific way. . The audience was well pleased with the meeting, and went home' with a determination tor cjvake ------ ' MTS. T- A' large' and attentive audienca greeted Hon-JohT. Caine and party here last night, and everybody was well entertained by the eloqumt addresses of the speakers. Every speaker was the recipient of an unusual amount of applause from the enthusiastic audieneq, which indicated that they concurred with the speaker in the Ideas which were - advanced, and the rebukes ; administered upon the illiberal Liberals. John T. Caine delivered a most interesting address, which gave evidence of diligent historical research, and whichwas interspersed, with mttprofonriU logical t showed iiow Iter lyxin-- " just it would be if not unconstitutional for Congress to delegate the power of making the laws for this ' Territory to a legislative commission; to abolish our Territorial form of government and place our lives and our destinies in the hands of a few grasping spoliators; to deprive 150,000 loyal American citizens of, the right of local He cited authorities In the United State?, and fromadjudged cases quoted English history to eupport him in his arguments. Ho ridiculed the remark made by Hansford Smith, in OgdeQj on Saturday last, to the effect that he (Smith) would "excoriate"the Democratic partyfor refusing to adopt a resolution ottered by him last June in the Democratic convention at Chicago, and particularly emphasized Smith's proviso, "If I had time." Mr. Caine thought it would be really amusing to witness Mr. Smith' attempt to "exeoriate"such men as Benjamsn F. Batlsr and Speaker Carlisle, and sympathised with him because he had not the learning to eupport his pedantry nor the ' bia very to support his egotism. Mr, Kenner mentioned how curious it was that Ransford Smith, in his bombastic oration in Ogden, had so carefully avoided the point at issue politicbut had been guilty cf considerable plagiarism by quoting what could be found in about five hundred law book?, defining poly-gaand showing that there was little distinction between a principal and accessories to a crime. He spoke of how the majority polled by the People's Party In each succeeding election constantly increased notwithstanding the opposition of the Liberals. He thought the Liberals had receded from point to point until there was nothing left but the name, and that was a misnomer; and that ephemeral party would soon self-governme- my . pass "where the woodbine twineth'." He wondered if Mr. Smith would court like a woman, for Smith said he would do it "like a man," and wanted to know if Mr. Smith thought there I Were nineteen women who would have him If he did believe In polygamy. ; The addresses by, the other gentlemen were much shorter, as the lateness cf the hour prevented a very lengthy discussion of the matter " '. by all parties. x Mr. Dusenberry explained how UDjust the Liberals were to accuse the people of Utah o? nullifying the laws simply because they deemed It prudent to appeal from the decisions t)f sbme of our mission judges in Utah. Mr. Sloan showed how the diligence, and " ; --.t . To . " the People of Utah Territory: The election to bo held Nov. 4th, I8S4, for Delegate to the Forty-nint- h Congress, i3 one of unusual importance and political significance to the people of Uiah. rit ;rial government has there existed stronger reasons for an unequivocal manifestation of the full strength and influence of the People's party.. The friends of free government find themeelve3 to day, 8 In years past, oppesad by au unscrupulous revolutionary faction composed, It is true of an insignificant minority of our population, yet seeking by the establishment of a Legislative Commission to. subvert and abolish the forms of free government and wrest from the people the last eemblanca of political liberty. That faction wi wily UcTcmcuta lu tne: to been seek has by misrepresentation and; past face ol Utah with a slander to blight the-fa- ir pestilence worse than death, now has the unblushing effrontery to Invoke your suffrages for a candidate who stands upen a platform dedicated to the proposition that you are unworthy the boon of suffrage. A candidate who seeks by the vote of his fellow citizens to obtain power to deprive them of the right to vota ia certainly an anomaly in American politic?1, and the idea is peculiarly characteristic of the minority faction in this Territory. , s The election of 1832 for D$!egata to Cong-owas rendered conspicuous by its being the flrr-- t under the operation of the Edmunds Jaw; end notwithstanding the disfranchisement of a large portion of the People's Par iy, the date of that party was elected by an almo?t u maj ority. and th e opposing action nearly demoralizsd, as manifeited by its recent " ca-'.til-- .' -- ;;; .'feebla effort at reorganization. We call your attention to ths fact that the ia- y a? they were in 1882, sues are the same viz: the perpetuation of free government in the hands of the majority as against the establishment of the worst form of despotism in the hands of the minority. The candidate of the People's party has been tried in the positlDnand has proved himself adequate to the discharge of every duty and responsibility pertaining thereto; for he was unanimously-nominate- d by aregular convention of thePeople's Parly; it Is therefore our duty to elect him by an increased majority in proportion at least to the incre tee of population since 1832, and at the ssme time a again a terrible rebuke Jo the cham-- ' pions of despotiemv and the enemies of frte govto-da- ernment.' By the People's Territorial Central Committee.':;;;.;": :" John Shabp, Chairmen, Theo McKean, Secretary. 8alt Lake City, October 24, 1884. , ' . or whosoever shall do the will of my Father b t thia ADDRESS. COMMITTEE." SPUKLCCK sister and mother," prompted me to eetk out those whose hearts were tender and true to suffering humanity; that I might clasp hands with - them and whisper a ordf ec'm ZJOBMptDgTAMimad to their care in- - n BV THE PEOPLE'S TERRITORIAL CENTRAL 13, JwJaichJ8Jii-lieavett-- Tjiuoydides. October 28, 1884." CtiAPLTAL. ALTLAiv : uid ..... of-th- wonderful work. hardihood of the MormoD cHyiiJ. ; Fir3t iu coarse I came to St. Marks Hospital, well governs'! methought, for 'wmmediately'' wa3 the watchword of the writer of that most positive epistle that "bears his" name. Here we found the .kind, Intelligent, gentle woman, Mrs. Prout, in the keeping of the ame, who has given. direction and Carried ii: for wrd for years. Everywhere an atmosphere of comfort and quiet and continuous attention h to be observed. The inmates were cheered at my coraiog, and I realized the truth of the wise man's proverb, "It is more blessed to go to the house of mourning than to a house of rejoicing." Next I visited the "Hospital of the Holy Cross." This natnTtogA iahjallamanie, andnct mlshlsmernvidd Spread Ihggronnds beau tif uJly desigaed,and a magnificent building, delighting the eye of the paasar-band cheering the Incoming patients. Here "Sisters of the Sacred Heart' are moving up and down the cjmmodi. ou3 halls, in and cut of the wards with noiseless tread. Prayerfully I trow, administering to the wants of othere, in the name of-tImmaculate Lamb of Cilvary, who gave His life a ransom for earth's perishing 'millions. I thought the ministry of theirs was God:like and these will have an abundant entrance to the city that ia ; . y he ctiQai - Third, a'ld last in our course, came the "Des- eret Hospital," "A reck, fn a weary land," a Bethel on the plains beside the eea. Here wo find tha old Deisret University converted into ud "Infirmary, " giving to its large, airy, room s, well arranged and a de feel-in- ? l'ghtful ventilation, Au air of hoooe-llk- e greets you ou its very threshold; tho swset-faea- i almatron, "Sister Jone-j,ways greets you with a warm welcome The patients are in the main "ladle?, snd among the number are some thai; are ace J, b it their hearts areyoung and tender with love 'a beautiful touch of perennial spring, gladness and patient endurance. Young mother? are there that must needs come from afar to have medical skill not possible at home; bat the gentla, efficient care receive shorten the hours an that thfty Uv-rones at hom3 near by, even loved bring? the though tho crib Is rocked by other hands than "nam " an J hushed by other "lullaby'than "Hush my babe." Thia Hospital is under the medical advisement of a young talented Mias M. P. Hughes, M. D. She is a graduate of a three fold dlplo. rnatlc inheritance; by dint of almost unprecedented study and Indefatigable energy. She 8tag?ernoi at the most difficult clinical or surgical work of the Hospital. 8he has at thJa time a cse of the most intricate and compiica-- t i h ip J A n t d isease, wh ich she is h andl in g with .'marked ability and satisfaction. It 13 certainly-ver- y complimentarv for one of her years and brevity of prectica. Closing 1 will say of the3e homes for the afflicted: They have no holidays of "red tape," ia the morning early, fxhibit. I bavo bsea-ther&t noon time high, and at dusky eve; and have everfouud vigilance and tender care bsing evinced.5 Parting from one of the present patients, Just as we were taking cur departure she beckoned us bick and said: "Oh they are bo kind to us here; we are treated just In-ma- kind-hearte- " e v-,- the-eamwa!c- hfui tei d, 