W 48 failed to tret my confidence. The same thing crept up about the young Elders of the Church, but the Holy Spirit is always withjne to teach Zffi&mfto Elder Nye, and he put me nsrht. Goinir on obeying in all things I ad-iyg- Christ of j nr-i- n f-re-fdiei el Latter-da- y Do I regret? the- NT O N K thut.-docdJ-r- llieirra iVTIi -- j Mthpav? thou a rudder drifted about at the mercy of th' wind and wave?. - And instead nf making t ho Kingdom of God their chief aim, it is a second ary consideration with them .whV seek only fur the praise of their fellow man, forgetting that the broad road is the one" leading to ktruc-tion- , and manv there be who go iu thereat. . I preler the narrow way which Fqr leads to the tree of life, even though its pathway be thorny at the start, yet the satisfaction ' we will have in partaking .of its fruits will more than compensate for the trials .we have to ": ; undergo in reaching it. I am superintendent of a small Female Home. One of my assistant?, who embraced the truth with me, is now on her way to the land of Zion, having gone with the last company of Saints. My present assistants arc one with me in the . before theifrhave obeyed God, anil-a- re looking lor ward to going to the 'Rocky " Mountain regions. There is no branch of the. Church here, we therefore have no meetings vhcre we can be " taught the ways or' doings of the saints. The Elders call sometimes, and we are very glad to see them. They ttav ior a niiiht, they CzU.re-- . freshed and we get blc?t. Pardon me for taking up g,0,.injjLP.-y'o"r- the--laws-of- PHYSICIAN and SURGEON Office Jinfi residence, Main .streei.In the new luiiluiug, nearly opposite. Z. C M.I, STKCIAL A pos ties, LETTER FROM TENNESSEE. Editoii Woman '9 Exponent: of-th- y y Elizabeth Seals. ITEMS OX MBLE TRANSLATION. ' thc:tiraxvhei!-t- h v-e- - ter-da- y ta-nK-- ' - fr-i"-- Here everything is different, the wrangling ! b-- bitter-experienc- " n mur-mure- .i . . jb !i 'hxve .. cn rjaemJf take? ; i t estimate J tht tkp pren 1 Jiccupte(l traLs'atior', roa'ains Bonia thonaandt. In ihn Kinjj Jamef, ' im e i ty r e in ft A D 1 8 3 1 , the alteram Na Tei tioos niH'Jo in the G ym h unA A-tsre 14,601 My "actual ci'unt; whil- - in the ht) e volnme th total nunaferor rhaoges are 36JL91. I th?nk the meaning o' the haenot been.altc re J, but only tbe t ey; us for instance, tne 41at verxe in the 6rb chiHr of S John, as pi Ja Kicg James reals ' The Je Jvfi tien at Him beeau-tic ea!d, T am the brea'J' which f ame down from fjeaven "... In the revi.s-e- d version it i r? n Jf- -e ', The Je therefore i urtriurel inx-11 J cod ca ceui G b Je jn gi ( ut uf. heaven. hh: id 'am the bren 3 which lvsnvUJ- lrjy!r.i.'-tr-"prfferrel hy many are famWirtr, bylU raa'ny ht W of the J'o e h?ntlful?y e'xpre&seI.-- . I hve compare t ojtih fsc'.R of tlje New Tef ol i r,nd revved vrrionp,'wlth (he B)ok M5ruaeij aosl tha Jv;tniUenUftl w th the c;j i rou, f v ?cu u Thh rny proved hi'y x com- Um fifth, fxth and seventh ofj Ht.. Matthew v thi rae s "five to ninechapter of th re- vtM.vi yfirfiop, &r:-- in the Rnk of Mormon, C utB ut-on? t.v.tJ..eN-phifewhn He VUL bginnJt! on fcBcond Eur&paa Edit'Ofil page 65 I often sit and meditate upon the blessings etriving to gain. BttUU.K CO S AND THROAT. 18CS. I SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF. BRY GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, HKAVV AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENH WARE, AGRICULTURAL TOOL8 AND IMPJjE- . mi: NTH, CLOTH AND CLOTHING,' PURE DRUGS AND tJHEMlCALS, CARPETS . AND WALL PAPERS, AND NEWEST DESIGNS. ALL-GRADE- 93rYe carry a hrger and mpre complete Rtoek than any house Jn the west. ii.Bib?L.ba.t ' - Wtit liven of (ruth and the or.lgl.na) ip auncyinar to uvo ancient '.wr.rfes. ana eepf c rI lv tiiii traoglattd wrong, to kLOW tbst what votrtfvjJs jrhapp, not. true T.i sli . ' k ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, " -- Saints, ff they oniy live for them. Gathered out and separated from those who know not the ways of the Lord, they are permitted to' assemble them- selves together unmolested by 'their enemies. And that spirit of .kindness, 'which I imagine h so characteristic .of a people who have learned by: that net every one who says, "Lord- - Lord,"" are sincere- in their' heart.-'- , "can .be cultivated andJiring them nearer ji tl.at, point of e)l'eciiu:j that we are" PITTS OBSTETRICS AND DISEASES OF WOMEN. 1 rfephoiiicCommnniation ftwecn Onice and Isidenee. - . t he Lat OFFICE IS GOPBE, EYE; EA R NOS E - . tha t can be enjoy ed by " r la::,ctmyjrj)u Hopmg and praying that- 'truth may triumph in its onward marc'! and overcome error and shine- forth as brightly as the stars in the firmament, I will close by a:kmg an interest in the prayers of my siste-rs-, and all lovers of righteousness, I subscribe myself, Your sister in the covenant of peace, - ' ; CDiw honrsfrom 10 a.m. to"6 p.m. Residence, twelfth Ward, 2d Son th Street,' bet. 5th and 6th East. Special Attention given to Diseases of the position. down-trodde- n 1 WOILV A.i) CEILDEE.V do-in- aiKt-tak- en jug." OP - s whielr:is:puzzel tug: ihe: tion at present, ehall be understood as it" A nd having full an dim pi ici t really coniidence iu the truth "of. the old adag2 which "says, '"Truth is mighty ami will prevail," I know that time will come, for the work is a progressive one, from the fact that its leader is Omnipotent; and all th6 combined forces of darkness may array themselves against, it, but their efforts to stay its progress will be unavail-- ' -- r F. B. tho--oni- - aries of Satan h ave al way pp( Ved i t, and i f.ihe words of T lie Ap fe ' I au 1: fta true rwtf "expect the future t bring- - the same re- suits;. for he made the: emphatic declaration that all that will jive Gouly in CitrUt Jesus ' shall suffer persecution: Then let us be thankful that we are permitted to live in this day and age of the world, v when the Gospel is restored to the earth once-more, and that we have been the recipients" of it. . Then, dear sisters, let us live our re ligion, reis we have to gardless of the threats and : meet. I fed that I would .,vet to take- the sisters ii Utah by the hand and express to them the feelings niy pen, is incapable of g Li an.t from them to, words receive, juuicc of comfort that would cheer rae in my lonely - Ajamabrd-timer Though living in this far' off land, separated e Church comprising the from the body feel Latter-dalike lifting my voice Saints, I and 'bearing my testimony to what I balievcTlo" -- bo the ''principles of eternal truth. J aru'-ait off to its lone self, being, were, oik slietp one in this county who has yet stepped on the whole armor of- - the fir ward. Gospel. And haying through the kindness of the Elders, been presented' with some copies of your 'valuable paper, which so nobly advocates the.causc of our' religion, and the rights and oppressed of all naof the tions. ; medium to let my hV its I thought through ters know that my thoughts and heart are with them, in the glorious, work in which they are engaged. And having cast off the sectarian notions which I have been "taugh t from my infancy, and identified myself with that people who are so constantly maligned and misrepre- tented by the pulpit and press: ; I feci that their weal is my weal, and their woe is my woe, and look forward anxiously for DISEASES A.VD TO QtVKX MRS. ROMflHIA B. PRATT, M. D. truth has t always been received by the majority of the human family. We need only to '"look at the days of Noah, Lot, Daniel; Jeremiah, our Savior and His we can see how" the -- Your sister in the Gospel, ATTENION Mor-i.- , VJ -- iOBSI ETHICS . " - ' - my-par- C true Gospel." , We all hope to gather home, as we have learned to call it, as mjoii as the way opens. 'Others "of my friends having had the truth put rj. and 12, MUdfO hOOK for IMmar llynm liook, ' 40e. POEMS,,!. E..K.Snow, Vol.' 1,- -.$ oo Vol. 2. containing e,tr)l pnrrravlnrr f the . author, bound in ruorocco, 1.25 aRF.Ivil'ONDENCE - ( F I'A LECTIN K TOURISTS, with steel engravings of (Joorce A. Smith and Lorrnzo buow, bonnd in clotb, S1.25, In morocco, 1.50 yi; u n tiljhicyLJLriUike BYlOOMfT BOOKS ? ei rturer harr7Gri3toiarW Saints.. No, I do not. I rejoice .daily opens to my understanding -- 1 . . ' EXP N 8 sects which compose, modern Ghristanity are ever rcaj3yoopposo. rvcry.thing cohlorni. ti), til ei r standard.' rr; lGrtdline?s-riho:7''Jh'iVut(i they have a form 4 leny-- t h pa we r iKerof'ii sVaR 1 e p-- - Church of Jesu - 0 Mi -:- V-:- ; Special to the Ladies. AT TEAS DEL'S r Will be found the latest styles and pioductlons in:t - LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS. RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortmenf of jDIR Y l I-ih- t!il tJ8ftm i n Ankib Fklixtwtj. OD S O-; Special department for Ladies' Misses' and' fant's' Shoes. Q In- 5 112) 114, 116, 118 East Temple Street. rir wM Auerbach & Bro. A FnU and Complete Stock of MILLINERY, V"-firu5 i -- . Sprint ana Summer Goods - f '.AND LADIES DRESS TRIOTIflGS,, wo. CALL AND EXAMINE. S s 