i -- MiH 1" " .t '" ,i..LIi :X f . AJM THE T. ) .ty PUKT-IUSIIO- P. l - i Eight3;of ths-Wom- When 'iK'-x- t h'3fa! le4 reins yuii grH?p, xncnriuTfnTTri 7T ; TTTinvt-r- IT. ' iiiiKlc: Ihy'liiht, lose thee 'moii List the honor Christ.n- I'oet.kiliA, poot-pMphet'- ;;..L.Vroiiht i v,"oin' in - - such .matchless charm the hath reached theFr 'pYiwr, e'en sjijh clofjucficc hathIiLarl. .".;:! m iy o -, j. t t ri : 4 " - '" " ! With sacn'd, ancient jialriis "Aisd when th' ion old shall meet- ' Tic '.h:i of th" hitter MayVt thou with prophet s,, pal mists; hriftg 'Thy people's; ofierinir of pmi-'- . AC!;i;..V4 C;;,., jj ' i c' , ; ; oth., - - .hrr ' : " satisfied with one peck measure, no" ni a er li u w i n u c n ni"re the rnny.rejmr nr vyluit their cravings, may be, they must look no ; farther;! han to think thKall. wtimeii should be s.a t is fk'da'nd--n ten and the sane- eon.j irion the t i r esoin ev a h d i n on o t oiiQ u s must lj ' ' n : 1 ; , ' ' A ND iTX , n th k i'rxe i pLBii tJizJiehadneyer . west, much less as- - what man considers piring to nothing be to her sphere, because the majority of their fbremothers .were compelled by circumstances to dru(lgejheirJivsT,init-iu-n- e and fheTaine- ATI i;X(ii;i f:r:u v;on.ro .living in the last ihiy.s A ciiuityr rcvoiu wiin irroat - are taking phue, Jmd suiinnvhut t tiie ' ptirpocs of (J'-Vv vou!i tbink it il omiTut '.very llv.-'(I:nihter.s did "not f)'.)es niure a higher :a!iilitioii tlian- - jravr thoe'; 4' generations, and it i high thne thal i hy. m act begin to t lii u k an I ivm y-and w nmeives; "iiKjuire" ier.ee they eauu?, whither going; and who'they .belong to," iiitiratriTD-iir-th- e same old ruts in wbieli they have been trained, and wherein the inman. Jamtly have been gravitating down- iiii"i'f--rt;inJri- ti s rr- 'loftv-J:L:rir:an- . 1 IC 3 loll"' - Orrisneu which has been thrown into the teeth i)t woman by'r the stronger. Six, that i.e must shoulder the curse because Eve. ate and gave to Adam the forbidden fruit. We cofild : '! 1 :. with - much propriety accuse him of being" Jea ambitions and enterprising thanlhe "won?" an; "if he could do only, as he was told-- . as this writer says, "he would be no higher iu'the of: moral being than the beasts who indeed, know neither virtue nor vice'" And the time has arrived when the "bars must be let flown before her, or she will break them; and sentence or disability upon her niust stand up-j- ! eyidejj&Ja ee had epial i ty, and even ealershin, lt'"llt; J arid made a mess of it," man, who has pro-- -' fvsed Jo be. the master spirit, has made- a worse "Jnes," and the majority of men have sold : even their birthright for a bowl of pottagej and U needs no prophet to predict that the day is nigh when they will have to call upon the weaker sex to tome to their rescue. Quarrel-- , over politics and national affairs has been jrsg Jfcit for them to do, till through selfishness and hhonest meddling with what was none of their business they have abolished freedom and made it a perfect faree, o thereby proving fit to or longer govern manage alone. 1 ynuuiy, broils and : contention s an d in isru e the place of honor and justice the Strong are allowed to oppress the Weak, and "tence Utwn them at their will,, and it is tlrne that woman began to look around her andto demand the rights which man has iso ' unlawfully usurped. And neither should it be vondered at if, n among the wronged and there should be t!uw who feel portion, a- .H-al- 1 . - ".. thera-ivesn- 1 . 1 down--ffKhie- - and understand their true position, and what eehstitiites "woman's rigtits'jhan can be pro- uuee in an)M)yherpjirtoLi if lheyfeel their rights infringed upon, are reason to very apt to express it. We have-ndoubt that the cries of God's daughters and little ones have ascended up into the higher courts and that Qod ha,s taken cognizance of thci reasev'-- a n d ff eisd el i verin it t liehTfrd in the iron rule of selfish and ungodly men. But the po wer and in lluenccof women wil f increase just in proportion to the jiurity and righteous--ne-- s of..her ceuirse. Had we nothing more than the present translation of the Bible to de- end upDiiwe dion bn as mueh at sea con the (Josjxd and our future state as the. rest of. the world appear to ,be. But the revelations given to us through the Prophet Joseph Smith new" light upon the Scriptures, and a great deal that was once a dead letter can now be interpreted; and we, therefore, take a more consistent and enlightened view of the Scriptures, which previous to this was as a sealed book: In the Book of Mormon the record of 3 tells us of the' destruction of Jerusalem which was fofeiold to him and his father'. Lehi in vision, and ;that their lives were sought because' they declared to the people the, things that were coming, as they were commanded to. They were shown that through the "transcribing, "a mending, translating, etc," of the Scriptures by uninspired men,, many 'precious portions would be' altered or rejected and cast out, and that "when the book (Bible) proceeded ' forth from the mouth of a Jew it ' contained : the plainness of the Gospel, wherefore these things go forth from the Jews in purity unto the Gentiles according to the truth which is in God. But after it had gone forth through the hands of 'the great and :;: church many plain been taken had away. and precious things and precious things "And after these phi .were taken away, itgoeth forth untoall the nations of the Gentilesnd after it goeth fortlr ' yea, even across unto all the nations, the might v waters which thou hast ?een with m, I Jt h a verv varilJonastgeTieTmron it.. .11. WC KIIOW IIi' - iirr.Uw.Mit K) LlIOLlgll uiuucuu.i.icu, . i t i i 1 i - 1 1 1 chiKhrmJ-he- in a state ofinuocence, having iif j"y, for they for thekncT" kjiew no misery doing no sin. have been But, behold, in don,e the wisdom of llim who knowcth all that nien might be: and things. men arc that they might have jov. An ijhn . JIessinh"cometh in the fulness of tim-.-tlhit He may redeem the children of men 'from the fall. And because they are redeeined xfrj ;.nv the fall, they have become "free forever, knowing-goofrom evil; to act for themselves, and hot-tbe acted upon, save it be by the inni-h-- x ment of the law, at the great and last day, according to the commandments, which God hath given. Wherefore meii are frisMuL'-ti- i Jio-goo- e ' l, all-thing- . , d o rtnt5rfte?hrffdair t'h1ngs aregiven:theinlvviich- - are expedient unto man, and theji are free to. "choose liberty and eternal life through the Xe-ph- i- abom--inabl- -- created; and they must have remained orevr, and had no end-- 'and thev would have had nb ... -- wnfng so many thousands would ' l. -- that rea met to these Ilocky Mountains, but that -and mucli more thatj is wonderful we have seen, :; "'... come to pass." x : "'".; In this translation we find no reflection cast upon Eve;, but we find the following among the last words that Lehi spoke to his when he was feeble and trembling with age: '"And now; behold, if Adam had hot transgrc sedhe would hot have fallen; but JiewiiuldJiave-i'e- -- mainexi in llm Garden of Kden, anf a IV "things which were created must have reinaihey in the same state in which they were, after iiirYvere gatherip nd of a tread-mil'lint times arechanging," and I think that there' are more women in Utah who realize this i t, s-x b-o- : bi-yon- d i 1 -- w o'ne )f"doTife' oilier labor 1 . - ANSWER TO WO MA N en ; 1 t'etl-tlT- rs . : e .-. . e, " IS:- t" f . dip thy. pen in that rich stream 'Tlw'hdly spirit's' themes divi'ne, . Word" ' - : out of the book ".""."" , an do stumble exceeding great many Wherefore, saith the Latub'of God, I will be merciful; unto, the Gentiles, insohiucir that I will bring forth unto them in mine own power v : behold much of my Gospel, these things shall be hid Up to come forth unto the Gentiles b)"" the gift and power of" the and blcsse-- are tliev Lamb, , who thall seek to bring forth my Zkm at that ' day, for they shall have the gift and power of the Holy Ghost: and if they endure unto the ' end they shall be lifted uj) at the last day and ifhall he sayel ; an 4-- hoso shal 1 pub r?h p fllce"""' yea, tidings of great joy, how "beautiful upon the mountains sh a4 I tiiey be."' ". X; When thgse records were translated -- ha-b.-o- Vet J - 1 the stars. J the Gentiles which have gone forth out of captivity, thou seest because- of. the- - many- - plsiir - acting unon the sta'e of life, and i in in ir o v i n g t h e r a m a ,a n d though she '.siting acts her part roportiunatojy well, yet it viewed as an awful absurdity for her to an epual share in .the praise or the expe-cprof its: They might as well say, and with (juite as mueh propriety, (hat all ot the" men were W tended to work out. doors; or at the same kind of- business or trade, and that all should .look the same pair of spectacles, or be fitted through the niea.-iirno matter whether thev 'by be ta!! or short, thick or thin; and each one of C of all Nations..: ovV t ' '. en tokick again-s- the Bible." or'fte.innn1hr hibit .sonioTiing niorc than ' feminine or El EJ . - great mediation of all, men, or to choo-- eap- tivity and death acCOrding to the captivity and power of the devil: far he seeketh that all men miserable like unto himself." inidit be........ The word of God is to this. effect, and it must needs be that there is an opposition in all things, or there could have been no purpose in the end of creation. Were there not bitter as. well as sweet. there would be no oj)j)osition, and therefore there would be nothing to stimuiat'i; one to act for him or her self, neither could they, were they not enticed by one or the other. What more could one desire than is contained in this which belongs to - the Gospel, and ve could not asK greater freedom .'than "'th i s, and , e " . ... ' -- t . , . " oul who - which byT: every faith the received has and;, principles of this the everlasting Gospel; and it would be to the- j "interest of all if they would but sropand weigh' Ithe matter ivelb and -- iitt" rejecrthe only true source through which they obtain liberty and eternal life T testify is enjoyed ' - n(l x ; 