69 maiks upon testimony, and eaid ahe had fund marthose who were willing to fcccent riage were the young girls who were faithful IriL attending thee mtetin?f-stream or stoo l in Jhe infidelity, which teemed to be rising and increasing. Advieed the officers to hol l annual meetln good ad vice. Mrs. W at mou gh introduced a' book' citable for young wemen, htfuidanco of neoulo. ISIr . and Mrs. mnoroft, and Miea Bancroft of Hn were present, and in the afternoon the Bsptiai minister of Ogden was la the coogregticn.-- ' MrSrEvB. Wellmdct, a few remark?, gave a she hid recently mde brief Yketob, of tbe-vbi"with Hieter Eliza Ri 8. Smith, Sister M. W. BnbW and Sister M. AHyde through Sanpete r 8take..Jli:..-Dr. Ellen B. Fergusoa b;)reher testimony Jo the truth of the Qdtpsl a'ijtl spoke of the great work to be done In temples, and the need of careful preparatba for that wort; alluded to her bdag tae 6nl3; rapresaatatlYa Ia,thg Caurcli of 'her family, and her desire to be.ffcithful and wor thy.. :jJ-,i,------r MrHTM. L. Morris fpoka a few. minutes- to what Dr. Ferguson bad aid, and all that had been said. Mr?. 11, T. King inaJs some very interesting remarks upon a xjiety, refinement and perfection." Mrfl.Diaua Re id bore a faithful testimony. President Home made concluding remarks. Referred to the different subject the sisters had upon, and part'calany exhorted mothers in regard to teaching the4r children truthfulness, 11- hont'fity and obedience. 1 t. Horne proposedhat' Mrs. Maria V. Wilcc x, who holds tie rcftiticn cf Ccr. Bee, te appointed also Assistant Secretary. The motion wa put and tbe vote was unaninuus. Mr?. Elizibtjth Stayne-- wa proposed, as.. Recording 8ecreta:r-for-" the"Relief Society of this Stake, and wa sustained, by the conference to fill that office. Mr?. M. A. E AVatmoughmade a few remarks upon the government of children. Ringing Djxology, conference adjourned until December. Friyer by Ma$y A. Freeze. F.-uncj- ey ; t ' en-title- wZiy : . ed en-don-- ed r" .. 31. I. A. DAVIS STAKE. . We had the pleasure of attending the Quarttr-l- y Conference cf Y. L. M. I. A. of Davia Stake, held at Kaysville meeting house, Sunday, Sep. 28th, 1834. Meeting convened at half pant eleven a.m , in order not to interfere with Sabbath School, Supt. Acson V. Call presiding. Prefct. Wilford AVoodrufl and Elder Junius F. Well?, Mrs. . E. B. Wella and Dr. Romania B. Pratt of this city, were present by invitation. After the usual exercises and reading of minutes of pre vloui conference, the early par t'of the morninj4 session was occupied in hearing verbal reports from the sevtral fuperiateudenta of the Young LaJieFAl9ccat!oi:8, as follows:Mrs. in e Wo 3d, South Bunt i f o 1; Mrs. Jane Holt, East Bjuntiful; Mis. Mary R Woolley,. CentervilJe; Mlfs Ethal!e Miller, Farmlngton; Mrs. Sarah A. Sheffield, KajsvUle; Mrs. Martha These young T. Hammond South Hooper. ladk-- gave very gooi reports of the condition of their respective associations, arid in. a very pleasing and creditable manner,exprei3:ng their willingness to labor for the mutual good of alL Miss E. W. Smith, who presides over the Y. L. M. I. A. of that Stake, made a few very appropriate and suggestive remarks in a very happy ni inner, and aiJuacu to ner greai GCaire io promote the beat good of the young ladies associated with her iu the work of improve' ment. : Elder Welli then gave a short but very tlagtlCQurse, principally upon the benefits and good results of these associations in preparing the youth of Zlon to 'assist in bailcicg up the Kingdom of God and proclaiming the Gospel to the nations, and was f dlowed by Elder B. H. Roberts,who delivered an elcquertt discourse, speaking first of the opinion the world entertain in regard to Mormonlsru flourishing upon ignorance, and the necessity of becoming intelligent, In order to comprehend the Gospel of Jesus termed the conflict Chi 1st. Alluded to what between science and religion, and gave Scriptural authority to substantiate his statements JEttUheaf ternoon-- af terBingingpray ef" and singing, the sacrament was administered and authorities of the Y. M. the general and Y. L, M. L A. were presented and voted .' upon. B Pratt Mrs. E. B. Wells and Dr. Romania to the each occupied a short time in speaking -young people, and President Wilford Woodruff preached a very impressive eeimon, calculated to arouse the ypung to the importance of the and Inspire position they occupy In the Churcb, a them with zeal aad energy in carrying out in their lives the good 'teach tag and instructions to they are constaatly receiving. Urged them wisdom and ,tudy and obtaia knowledge, to cultivate the Spirit of God and preredemption and pare themselves to assist in the to the vast magalluded gathering of Israel, and nitude of the work yet to be done ia templesJor the living and for the dead. The conference was namerously attended by the young people of that Stake, and an excellent - . in-ter- , )'- es - and-loca- l ed ' ' . . uader-etandin- g, ., good b ,okp. Dr. Ell s Shipp spoke upon the bluing of attending these meeting?, and said, wealth and power are great, but love is greater; love is God. like, "and a mild answer turnelh away" wrath.' - Prest. Freeze made some very interesting ie- - Tj s Saturday, Septernber 0, the young ladies' conference was hell in the Assembly Hall in this- city, commencing at 2 p.m , Mrs. Mary A. Freeze presiding. Opened by singing, "Joy tn the world," Prayti by Mrs, H. T. King. Singing, "'We're not ashamed to own our Lord." Minutes and reports were read and approved, after which Prest. Free za presented the resignation of her Counst lor, Louie B.Felt.; Said it had taken her so ty surprigo sho could not choose a counselor until the Spirit of the Lord dictated her in choosing one. Made some very good remarks in regard to the duties of the members, and gave much sound advice, es- peclally with reference to the sisters visiting the emigrant Sadnta after they arrive la Zlon. Mrs. King addressed the meeting, her subject was politeness and refinement of manner, love for each other and integrity to the principles of the Gospel. Dr. Maggie Shipp spoke of the best deport? , jmentand example beiagmostnecesaary in our the own homes; that if one were not would in abide of heart. Lord the the Spirit to be wholly disThought fault finding ought continued, and added, "Tearing down others ' would never build na up." Mrs. Emily S. Richardmade some interesting remark upon the performance of duties, And referred, to the young ' mothers who had the i courage to come to meeting and bring their babies with. them. Spoke of her timidity in :f standing up to speak la public. Miss Nellie Colelrook spoke' upon humility andthe foolishness cf pride, the value of time, the Cultivation ..of; talents and the reading oj . V. Joi-ep- r Ill-natur- 'journstd fcr Cjaferuce wa tbiif montLs, to le held at East Bountiful. proceedings. . HOME AFFAIRS, I f We regret not b3?pg b!e to continue the pea tketchea of Pfesehd ia L.lKirribill and Patty ries sions In this number on acconnt of 'space. .""'.. We Practice Pluial Marriage" la the "telling tltlej of a Jxxk by Helen Mar Whi tcey It contains many plain facts bcariug upon the 'Euljact as well as personal incidents and. expe-- . riencea: and csnnot fail to do good and" will re. move somiprfJuiice.'Werec.)rcmer,d it as being V well worth thu price 25 cts.,and believe it willnot ony,givea corrtet idea of the principle of pin-- , ral marriage to the stranger, but. will also be a , god book to put into. tUe band3 of our young people. It is very wejl written aad the typographical work is in the uebal plain clear and neat atyle -- of the Ju venile lnstructer Office. The boik can be purchased there, or at this officai or at Mrs. Whitney's own house on the north side of the Tithing .Office' Block facing f VVhy , r , City Creek. ; --P- re Y. L. QUARTERLY COHFEIiENOE, " . tt re-err- d and gave good advice, ' : Conference aij doth ed for three "month. Choir eang Doxology. Prayer by Dri Maggie ? B; """'' ." , Shipp. : -- spirit was manifeeteJ by ail who took part in the 'f"irt iafcef . ..L 'S crfc-Ftia-! "M , v.' . Our renders" will observe that this J3sue con- of' Ciaasea in cbjtctric?, to IjJ&insitwo-rtati- ce commence in tiiis city shortly after conference.. It h to be hoped tha t thue living in the country ' "towns and plaees will take advantage of these txctllent opportunities noweffbrded them of ob- tainlng a knowledge of midwifery, that there may be no lick whatever of skilled help In all rthe places where there U need of such help. vY It is a painful fact that there is not competent help of this kind in many localities where It is Deeded. Young women should enter this profession, and study with a view to do good to their own ssx, and thus benefit mankind. It Is VotioiVo pioteeeioua it Wiz one"ut tVi In one which the greatest good can world, sad be done. There can be nothing more desirable to the human heart thaa .to relieve snfferirig. iDr. Pratt5 and Dr. Shlppl have rich of them - taken great pslns jomake tbenipelves proficient In nledicine and 'eurgfryj have been J tJIIfgent and'' persevering notwithstanding adverse cir- cumstances and difncnltles to contend with have beea deterrafned to succeed, and have acobm- ' ' plished a;goodrwork1n thU direction both graduates" of the These- - ladies-arWoman'tf Medical College in Philadelplila, and ' are fully qualified to teach as Well as practice. They have had excellent snciiess In teaching work and heretofore, are very 'thorough la their " simplify to the understanding. Anew booa oi ncKiy ouj pages anu nanu. b jund,'l recently published-b- y 'the" Bom ely ia entitled "DeseretNews Company J,Biograpby 1 Autobiography and Family Record of Lorenzo Snow." This book Is from the gifted pen of Elzi R. S.' 8tiiitb, sister of tbe Apostla whose rtcsrd the has bo ably written. Tbe book con tains, steel engravings of Eliza and Lorenzo, tho author and the Apostle, also several of his discourses and letters, and some of tbe beat of Sia-tEilza'a poems. Ono never before published ; ia an address to her brother and family on the occasion cf a grand reunion and anniversary -celebration, onUhe tth, 8th 8nd 9th of May last. make a complete notice 6f this book would require more time to read it than we have yet given to it, but hastily glancing over if, It seems the most elaborate and perfect book cf the kind we have ever seen, and mast be a great satisfac; " mt e " " er - tion to the family. The author says the book "has been written aa a tribute of eisterly affection, and as a token of sincere respect to hia family," and certainly It' is a worthy and beau?" ' ' tlful trl bate. " -- 