. lid WHAT A GENTILE - WOMAN THINKS, WHERE ARK WE DRIFTtNG TO. W AFFECTrON. i God Lk3 Sister i I or no ;' to Leiar her voice; J Jove to hearing -- warn - AWI1 I Jovo -- lpicoutcmpt uixuMware - of- i -- lor words unlike "weak woman," Uut like God's servant brave; Called forth to preach the Gospel, S"uch words of life she gave. I iaj-oatb- , ..o u'r.Tc r ri.t.dr y, but - ill The angvO--ocVVatun- I , I'ri-mar- f " i' ' r love to hear their. commie,-love the truths they spread. The Elders when called to go forthjto preach Have trials to meet every day. , The Gof.pel of Jesus we're willing to teach To all that will bear what we eay. . We meet many people, while far from onr homes, Who Care not for "Mormons" at all; Such cases are rare, yet they can be found ' In great Christian nations to day. When met by such people in traveling around, We Elders just go on our way. saved?" Some people are anxious to hear formoris preach Their doctrine eo strange to the "world; They say, "Let ns hear this new Gospel yon teaeb, 1 The Elders then set forth the Gospel of Christ, ' As taught by both Peter and Paul, Theee truths are for all those who wish to do rights -The Gospel is f retTfof . many Ieople wha la n s- - a re ki n d," r ' Though they are not seeking for truth. There's many false notions imbibed in their mindsr Which they have been taught from their youth. Jle fin . i When shown the right way by the servants of God To serve Him and kef p His commands, The honest will turn from the paths tbey hae trod; Ti ey long on "Mount ZIon" to stand. The shepherds are gathering the sheep to the fold, Where tbey may be taught in God's way. We gain an experience worth millions of gold, May God give us strength as our day. " Father in Heaven, be kind to us all, May we this great mission fulfil, Be faithful and trne till thou shalt recall Tby servants to "AtountZion's Hill." Charles A. Welch. - -4-- olonies, hx jthey were jLisgojL tjxcjb tUei)ahemrkilleebthem:w-hTie- Ohio.' j t n p c,U rCrainiTrf fiiird' "TfTcietv.1 liitkt.d ! .how' ton will vour "set" cultivate your arjnaint a eo". r a'cl: n ot? 1 - ' edge ytjUr claim on refined iy afp r it Vnr'fgf-t'TnT- " piy-f gatien-- Or which of your ? obli-- acquaintance-:-- . ; would undertake to aipport vol! in your old ' age because you have Sjient all your eaniiu;,:S U) keen un the' stvloot vour set? 'Eollv v.iid '. .vanity!: 2 Before the desirerdf. appearing cthe-- than.-we arc .tool: liold-othis )eiq.h', cneh iai'nily-livediK.t as their friends did, bsl', as the jr also a care to:ave allowed,, f r a rainy (lay. I'ut to day Ia:y a d fine'bnuiRt, i;ot bteauscj. really- - fiff it, ut J my,iieighl)Or hns; won't be outdone- b her. JXhii the new n- call:--a new v.Tiip s. t ie--, hntfr "by the bye, liic nppare look's out (d'srts .with - -- ''- , ' ; f , w--- . i - 1 fr nf; "eTre-;.f- - -- h'.t shablr- - wHaii--wr-jl,:-need not portray anv inure of it. vou'kn;w that before half these renovatifiis nvc mad-debts. arc incuired which need not .have: been. That is not til!. This pride i; ab a hit for or .time; ttfkiep uj) with tyle things of importance nre left undone, 'fashionable, can.; take" up .ilis time we uel trjpend 'in. com Tui-- . ble chats with the childrenaltogali r,::wo as happy as in the days pho'ur siuipiien JadLeL-.xa- p(U-- " and- - i f" ; I I' do not'.iiut5m to say tbnt.tho labor! rig Tanners im ludeth should not havo air ta to for dres-- , or enjoy the means they cam by hard work; oh, no ! It is bcJcause .there is no mil m' permanent happmess, but sure ruin, in tho'vai.-'i-- l a--- .;, , i e n d erv o r I them. " to a j the n c h , e- , t h a t vl w ; xi Id h ";;: : n can understand readilv coujdes, starting out. in life,; can mahe.fim.hr'..'! mistakes, as they are juct, ier.ridog. th j.r Vmz... lesson in practical ai ithhxnc. "Povoity is :;: disgrace when it - not brouiit . lenceaiid extravapanw.-- MaryHho 'hVi'lu v "' Jtsu?,'.w.as the wife of- a; r;trpeTiter;,v a': IT no tj h i n k s he ?tf,t;: vdjyynd: ab'-ut'b- i- hr ;...Ir-es-ce- account of her rclation'ddp ior. No, He was not ot'.thc.wurid !. i :'vi;y ' should wo be? . If the. world takes (or mistakes) , let os i:t of riches for. the badge of xm V k a bou t jO d L an d m ak a. tab a Uta Intrinsic moral worth the badge .of our nii'od Unsociety ifanyjdjdim kss we. teach our youth to steer ek-a- of f::l. o drift to social ruiw. hhail iv;;1; pride, lite ., " getting ready to shoot. They did their ideas and laid aside the old rules ' change ' of warfare. ... ' When the Constitution of the United States was framed, the inhabitants of the country and, everything that' pertains to the country were very dlferent, from, the present. Again it is time for ideas to change; evils of ' various kinds, :.u sly and devilisli is the 'wily Indian, ' creep upon the. hocest Jan' maktr and cut, him off. .Ever-- man, woman and cllihl-ivh- o desires to save the couu fry from destruction, who have the good of the community at heart, "must be on the alert. Women in old times snatched uj the guns of their dead husbands and killed the foe, they bore all hardships and dangers by his -- side and w(re an equal and helpmeet. Women did not vote then? No; nor 'do women need lo shoot Indians now; but she heeds to stand side by side with her husband, fjnd have the right to defend her?elf and h r i Irldren against the foes winch beset them on t vti y side. . estiy-U'rf-rfr)-"loclv'het- ter ! a leader-b- y his orthod ox belief in infant baptism, that although they wer equipped "corselets, muskets, bardaliers and norlablo. rests fronj which to shoot, and swords," thclu- - There's many a shir at you hurled." Sometimes we find those who are seeking for truth, Tbf-are prajing to God night and day. In' order that they may their talents improve, They strive God's commands to obey. .. ccn-:ladrcs- that you cannot meet your kn;jv;n ' r-- cr In the early days of the when men's lives were threateneil at all times by the Indian foe andtveyfaund-thei- r ideas of war- fare must change; that they could not choose . . y, g 'Like Talmage they say, "Wn ehonld pick up our gun; And feed them some powder and ball." have 1 1 l'r-gettiu- ' !: im, .'dt.es s thCTTt V jG Vf: -- - MORMON MISSIONARY LIFE. Ho i - d ' nib full v. fu.-lo- n -- God bless His worthy handmaids, Yea, Mess each hoary head;. the prevuuliir xtraviiifinii: mc not cr.il fi.rextniv;g:;ncc.:. I (fcr t riif a d i in a in ally made calico, or lim.- - y of j'il'lc dres3f thnii many others in ' a r and satin. Jsut, wys one, .v,e- nuif-- ketp ' V . strike drr-s- Tut ncati-e- ' , cahundrrdandpoUtir.i. Here goes a wagon with five colored"men, . two Germans who are never &)ber,5u:d the balance Americans. They are all men, at least, '.wear men's apparel;-thangoodne, they are not women, so they mu.-- t be ineij, therefore, ol having a say. m the making of laws capaoie 4; or our corporation. Do I wish to vote? x o and ye?r-- Do T think ltAvTirTmiiiovaLivntf-etotrowv'olhlmTo. vote? I am- not sure., for there are so manydjadTind m rnahyhoo(j lepa-tewomen who would go to the polls for no higher purpose than to "create a sensation;" and their vote would couu. as much as f h onr..cast by a thoughttul, intelligent mother, who prayeriniiy watches the body politic as she watches the physical, moralxand mental development of her own loved children. XVntoric.s ago the question was aslced, "WhaLmuitU do to be saved?" Bub Ingersoll lias made a burof the g lesque question, and people smile, the jailer who fell down at the feU of Paul and Silas, and think of the ed oqucnt infidel orator. Jiut others, aged jiarents, wives, sisters and sweethearts, many thousands are cry-iuin their hearts as they see their lovel ones going to destruction, swift unto ruin, and see the laws of the land made by saloon keeper.--, profligates, drunkards and their dupes to uit - themselves,-thesay, " What must we. do to be "..'. jyidJidplihri4ifta-Vuced- '.,'..2'.- Witnrnr- i y . rind . . , mi i Jri e ye r ,j;0; frrirn b.o mdl'xXlii-Sr-- ' ' There are none in ancient story Excelling them ili deeds; Tln-give to God the "lory, O inuchlto'-sl-- t i , ! God bices all her'as'f oeiate?, I love tberu everyone; They arcas' noble W'onif.-Ap heaven ere smiled upon.' " ,.fc,.i.i,..t T - And hanurcd Has stood by right and truth, Vet. humble, mci-- and.. ' PON K 2x - , God Him in age; Wa1T."" EX tl,;ejJieiejtg. : Froui woman's lips could How. .1 S tiro ejection,, .". There! there goesT an ojd colored man who has been in the workhouse all winter and Joiot m TL Uc'1 -- ore than hal nfcen...ovefT" ifteTotTst; tola's t Tiis vote. L:ist; year the Democrats played a joke on ujis oia negro; ho happened-t- a go- to ..their through mistake, and "they tohl him it obligated Jinn to vote the democratic ticket, ' So, on election day the old man hid ,;ind did -- hot venture, out all day lor fear he won hi have to" vote the democratic ticket.Such intelligence k required to be a'voter JJW! v k-ca- rry Oft have I pat and intoned, Yon, many years ngo, d won dernd how sneir wipdom - 9 rortojmim.pamtr Wehave in near vicinity a settlement co lo red To ki who real i v. b vth ei r muml. iats. She fain would guard onr feetFrom wcak.ng.ea.Aud inw-wft- .- the has served her f!.;. :. IS temper; there k to : y Her words are.mof.t discreet, --An y.M A On Th-ct- ' tho-dpf- rr rcTiiK-iuent- h;-"ta- y . -- . r they--.wil- with-th- light". we .have, e r thn wor'tt? patte-nvV- Let and hake (hi- 'Heaven forbid biiid vanity fnan (itir mid-- t Ir f .r: it us fast. mid. make ns' a .derhion1 -- .us-'.rais- t..-.- . too. .: a;, oi ..;;whom we sie 'Hid e" --and as a light on a hili t'ipr' ( u, : , --- ' morgan, ;vjt:iioin, 3 Prayer K.VC. E. 1S5 ! 1 i: V is the outlet iif- the saisils' .so.rn.ws. and the inlet of their support. ' . An honest man is believed without an oath, for his reputation swears for him.'- Ah! if you kiiew whnt pence tlre Madame (t'uyou.v' a fjccpTed sorrow. ; rMi : ' . more of experimental religion- fcinee my little boy died' than in all tuy life he- . fore. I have learned JJu-thndl- " --- 