W ' 1 ; " ." forjtjAVe must workinoreearnestlyandTf-- " f'eetively and fulfil all the ohl ijn firms ffyf!n upon us. ilie word- of the Lord is given to in greakr: plainness that 'weZnofe-jBisunder-- " stand. Prayed God to give us more courage and faith that-wmay do His will here upon : with Mi E, PrjcMiRE, Secretary, Julia Budge, Ass't. Secretary. v Editor Exponent: - AIonta ' It k repeate.lly position" in which is unmented" miwt&Qfifia Harris, Secretary. - ,rder &3 Lescapei-penalt- y and which is 1 the- - outgrowth of circumstances 4r 188"-f- , 18, President . . so many of her brothers pleased and sister: again in conference; felt we 'would have a good time together nti-God would greatly bless us at this time, and expressed her disappointment at not having the company of Sisters Snow and Wells, but was pleased that we had Sister Sarah Kimball with us. Secretary Sarah spoke upon many very -- interesting subjects pertaining to the gospel, the great blessings which we as a people receive daily irom our Heavenly Father; thought we should rejoice that we were not as the rest of the world; prayed we wouk; be hu mble instruments in the hands of God or&o-inmuch good, etc. Sister Ruthinda Monch :'elt that we needed the Spirit of God to be able to address a conSaints. Sister Monch gregation of Latter-dathe spoke upon subjects of knowledge, wisdom aud revelation. She quoted considerable from the Bible and Book of Doctrine and Covenants, which made her remarks very interesting and instructive. President L. W. ShurtlifT had Wn hml,! pleased with the excellent instructions given, au xxcrtim mc 1 epons, some io in all perceived an increase of interest, in tfiA HpiioC Society, which was a .valuable auxiliary in as- oisung tne isisnops in looking after the wants of the poor anVl sick in their wards; knew they would .be blessed in the labors alperforming ' lotted to them. -a- M.-Kimb- g - y After singing, benedictionvas pronounced vujiii .UVv .il until 2 - J " journed p.m. The afternoon session commenced at 2:25 with singing and prayer, after which. Counselor Emily Shurtliff, President Sarah J. Herrick Secretary Sarah M. Kimball and Bishop Win-sloFarr occupied the afternoon, each dwellon various subjects connected with the Gosing pel, both spiritually and temporally. They prayed God to bless His people with understanding hearts, that they mi ht w and-praje- rM accomplish His will. S. Richards made'a few closing remarks; hoped all would strive to keep the commandments of God and remember the gold hvvh m innate wicseunessr and - so -- admtrged"Wnenthe individual's conduct, his whole walk through asserted that the principles Mormonism, carried out, are productive of Jifwnay pmt to4 guilty of the crime chargd. It is said that plural marriages are hidden, , - corrupting, arid that proof of this, assertion is ' to be seen in vices which many Latter-da- y Saints themselves deplore. There might be truth in part oi these -- allegations if reasoning went only to- a given' point. ."7" and this declaration" being undenied, the fact of the hiding is taken as evidence, as a full ad mission that those practicing polygamy are ashamed of it. If plural- marriages are kept secret it is because, in fulfilling what men be- - : - . It is true that - Saints deplore vices many existing in their midst" the fact that they deplore these vices, however, is proof : that they do not approve oLthem. that thev do not approve these vices is evidence that- the evils are not a natural outgrowth of the Mor- mon faith, as were the reverse true - the Mormons could not tolerate a faith productive of vice, and still deplore tlie existenceof the vice ' Latter-da- y - It rrVmmnnd nT- frnd thpv. fliihlppf: " The "j thprmplvpa fn nunisVimpnt-- Iw tyipti case is riot, and no ing, or the iecresyl IrTthis ii. i i' ...1 J ''!.mission oi: saue iuuu wouiu ciaim ii, to pe, an au crime; it is simply a means to disappoint an end 11- H f - lift vft t.n hp ff w . s - . Jane S.Richards presiding. After the Usual exercises of singing and prayer, reading of minutes and reports, etc., President Jane S. Richards made a few opening remarks. Felt Prest Jane ........ . ;f -- , " tions surrounding the practice, and which con- ditions have been made by the enemies of the people, who believe in the practice of polygamy. JTtJsJi issu )eriic i a ladmission of-v-rti l4h a d e and wny judge oi trie tree by. ceives many, - il a r n.. " ; is Iaughable.to note the idiotic conclusions t-- 1 on Thursday, September i on A Vmnn J I AZ ; 2&U?M1FICIAL ADMISSIONS OF -GUILT. itself. Y. L. M. I. A.t QGBEX. : malice by conditions that bring about the ap pearance of evU. Thua a? man whose heart tells him he is right,. i3 often; by adverse cir-- 1 ngs CVa"' fl -- Miss a'l n rr'i rt rr v a-r- a : 79 . en rule, being charitable in one wUh another, not only in word, but in deed. Conference adjourned for thrna months our-deali- In shaking of fthe -- day of judgment,' we7 thiok.tpt it being a great way off, but it is much nearer than we think... AH. the time that is u is the time we live here . gjvcu upon the" eartLhe,nightiiscoHiig-hBn7w- e cannot i'f ;a work so we mii5if. wnrlr 'wKilo ' " " 'iX4.-1- ' .iSrWZM m.- , jvaTd-Pugirfwho had been to labor scribe in the Temple was unanimously sustained by the meeting. ' Jl rest .Lindsay made a law closing remarks. Stated that the next conference, would be held on the 2nd Saturday and Sunday in January, 1885. Thanked the people of St. Charles for their kindness in. fixing up the hosse so nicely, also the choir for their music. inging,i,,,l-will-prais- e the name of the "Lord." Benediction by Prest George Osmond: . OMAN'S EX PON ENT reflection ceases before a legitimate stopping po i n t has been reached . To- - the bareand un supported declaration that the principles of Mormonism carried out, are productive of evil, that their influence and effect are both corrupting, to such declarations,unsupported and they must be unsupported, being untrue it is only necessary to interpose a bare and unsupported deniaj, : The declaration and the denial, being of equal weight, the force of the former, according to the rules of logic, is lost; and save whero prejudice becomes a factor, such declarations, in the fact of such-- denial, can' have no effect whatever. ; But to the short sighted, or those who reason in a limited way only, the' effect of conditions, by which a principle or an object is surrounded, often passes for the natural outgrowth of the principle or object itself, and this failing is one to which humanity is painfully .prone. As a rule, the idea prevails that whatever is a crime is of necessity a sin. Nothing could be more absurd. It is true a sin is always a crime,even though unpunishable by human law; but the reverse by no means foilows as an irresistible conclusion. - While the assumption may be yet it will illustrate the position taken: v- - . said-Ther- Latter-daySaint- s' faith, faithfully and honestly carried out, that can, of itself, produce evil results. But humanity is weak, i wilful and headstrong; mankind in its combativeness and from the evil spirit it encourages, ever seeks something to crush; yet anxious that there may be at least the appearance . of justice for its bloodthirsty work, surrounds the object of its Jiatred and ne . w. The Presidency of the Chester Primary Association held their annual fair Sept. 19,1884. The house being unfinished did not admit of much ornamentation, but there was a cleanli: n ess, a sweetnesSj the result of the labors of the little ones. As you entered the house your eye feasted upon some jnottoes, one on a green ground had the word "Welcome'' wrought in wheat ear,r another, "Primary Fair," in oats, and another in cut letters, "Suffer little children, etc-An child's dress, rakes, a array of quilts,, tidies, meeting house seat, vegetables, poultry, pastry, etc., truly graced the tables, lor they were the work of the nimble fingers of the little ones. The Primary choir sang the opening hymn; '.,.-- -' " ' -- prayer by Bishop R. N. All.red; ahotherjiymn, and the secretary called the roll of about GO membersand their little eyes glistened as they responded "present." An unusually interesting programme of songs, pieces, readings and and class exercises were gono through, as foh . wre as-sur- ji. -- CHESTER ANNUAL PRIMARY .FAIR. -- will say, a body of men as a law making power, pass a law, and it enforces making it an offense to talk, to eat or to walk, or some other matter, as the case may be. To this offence a penalty is attached. To violate this law, when it has become . in reality a law, is a crime; but will auybody be silly cnojigh to that these things above enumerated would therefore be a sin. Yet this is exactly the position of those who attribute all manner of vices to 'Mormonism, and- who claim that violation of United States, or other laws, because a crime againstthe lawJs a sin. Tt may be a crime, because of the laws which have .been passed in Congress jluring the last few years, to practice plural marriage, but the1 being is yet to come to, the front, who 'can successfully prove it to be a sin. which are said to be the As for the. e outgrowth .of Mormonism, this can be is not a principle of the i.e., i'. -i. jud a . 1 ' lows; A neat little dialogue, Master "Orrin aifd T Lydia Allred: Piece, The Wonder Sack" wa3 pathetically reiirjMlbyMi Viola Alfred , Neilsen; A little" gave us in lisping tones, "Watching for Papa;" " Miss Neilscn; Five lit-t- b "The Old girls rendered without a flaw the Alphabet in Rhyme; A beautiful song by Misses Ida Thompson and Hannah Whitlock; of the, first, letirie record her patient handiwork of eix week's toil, a centre table crochet cover, eyiiic- ;ing by Eurida Allred. and Lucinda Neilsen; Song, "I'm lonely since Mother died," was sweetly rendered by Drusilla Alfred and Emma Neil-jien- ; Recitation, "The Adopted Child," Emma Neilsen and Rinda Anderson; Little Dennis Monsongave us "Neat little clock" "Darling Bess" by ;Wilford Monson; Reading, "Jane's 4pology,"Miss Amelia M. Candland; Questions and Answers by the members of the the wilyPrimary; :4Morriihg lows," by the Mils Neilsen. After the exercises were over Bishop tt. N. Ailred followed by some felicitous remarks. Hymn'and benediction closed this part of the programme, theUiCame a distribution of prizta -I- Ubs . five-year-ol- d, Arm-chair,- 6i'x-year-o- wirtl-hinelirotig- ld ' 