mmf 1 W"iJSp raaqy fr?' llie Eights of the .Vol.' 13. Women c SALT LAKE CITY; UTAH, 0(rrOJ5KR TIT M . G II I A T X II A L subjected-t- OF LIGHT." the time of Hippocrates till the presc:lt can not3 the. gradual, but ure progress. made e n I'll. 7.S. Cbdrcn - world." loj-erlroun- , There is battle the foemen an? marshall'd in. order; Arcwc ready to stand, Buffer, die at His word? Them atv pout's to bo held by louo watcher and warder 'EneoIPd in the book of the wars ofdhe Lord. Arc wo numbered with thoe who count all things but : ; II (J sv often xlo- nh v'sihiaos hav w j i X .1" puueuis oy mc skuiul attention 1 :"" , 7" lcV, For'Christ and His glory, for Chrifct aud His cross? V - . 1J . m&re No, Christ and eternity, this evermore Be the watchword of lives which lie died to restore. So we take up the march, on to victory pressing, Flashing back the Vnn signals of guidance and cheer; Reflecting thg radiance of pardon aud blessing"Sal ration Is near " saving pui mo giaa song-note- , Thus Father, thus Savior, thus Spirit of m;ght, Let us thine, love arid walk as the children of light. " ' . . Meadow, Sep. 12,1884. . Realizing the gireat' iuportance. o 'tho'rougli knowledge on a suhject wtiereiaVth'ousaD(l30of . human liveware invoiyed, too much.caniidt bo. vvuiA-ijuutuc, jutiiiicauuu 04 .women to fill the important station .of .nurse.-;-, and the still "more responsible, position wives." No one can gainsay the' adaptability by' nature of womanlo attend "to her own sex. Then let her qualify herself by proper 'education to become that skillful and sympathizing attend- g of-mi- ant .i; .?i-. k. f;.J 1 ;:. What a blessed boon to humanity that - e - ig- heir:ch'a'nged"ftfFaiTr.Witl0 -t- - tire culinarv materials limited to the milk of store of meal or flour and their cows, some .. ., .. .1 I' '.. .1 . l very lew conaimeni?, iney orougnc ineir inou-san- d and one recipes into play with a success that outdid for their families the miracle of the - - Hebrew woman's 1 cruse."-- A I . . - "butter on a the of march bv the dashing wagon, and so Ah he says, we could "make calculate the working of harm in the jolting heats," that as soon after camping as the Bead t o fi re cou Id be - prepared tho utheweil-lo;if' was ready for the bake kettle or reflector, which commodities were well suited to. tin wants and necessities duringour camp life. "The fi'rkt duty! of the Mormon women was, ' through alL changes of place and fortune, to keep alive the altar fire.of home. Whatever "their manifold labors for the day, it was their effort to complete them against the sacred hour-o- f evening fall. For by that time all the workers, scouts, ferrymen or bridgemen, had finished herdsmen, or their tasks and come into their rest. But every day closed as every day began, with 'arr invocation of the Divine favor; without which, indeed, no Mormon seemed to dare to lay him down to rest. Wjth the first Bhining o : - k (Continued.) In describing the ferry over the Missouri near the Pottawatamie village, he says, "A heavy freshet had at this tiihfr swollen the ' river to a width, as T should judge, of sqme- -thing like a mile an7i xh"alf3nd dashed past, iti tierce current rushing,gurgling and eddyiDg ' ; as if thrown from a mill. race,'or scriptural fountain of thedeep. Its a?fect did not invite the oxen to th'eir duty, and the labor was 'to tbrce them to it. The driver's v;as the sought after pwt of honor here; and sometimes, when repeated failures have urged them to emula- tion,' I have f?een the youths iu stepping from r back to back of the struggling monsters, or swimming in among battling hoofs, display . - 1 norance and super8tition are being superceded sportive flourislithan a ecYiooK)y whit-- nicely-t- BY HELEN MAP.- WHITNEY. ' VERSUS HAPPINESS'. . ' TRAVELS BEYOND THE MISSISSIPPI. - USEFULNESS . . - . It " feats of carpentry. tiing his shingle. "Inside the camp the chief labors were con- fined to the women, from the moment, when afteVthe Jhalt, the lines had been laid, the springswere dug out and the ovens and fire-- , places !)bilt, though the men still assumed to set the guards and enforce the regulations of )oliee,ihe empire of thex ten ted town was with the better sex. xThey wero- the chief comforters of the severest u tit-r- rs; the kind nurses - who gave them in their sickness those dear attentions with which pauperism is hardly poor, and which the greatestHvealth oiten laus to buy. And they were a nation of womlerful managers; they could hardiyx be called housewives in etymological strictness, but it. was plain they had once been such, ami most dis- Their art availed them inj . tinguished ones.. ':. : : c ' . . 1 -- . - s was wonderful to notice the readiness with which they turned their bands to woodcraft; some of them, though I believe these had generally beeu bred carpenter?, wheelwrights, or more particularly boat builders, quite outdoing the most notable voyagtnrs in the .use of the ax. One of these would fell a tree, strip off its bark, cut and split up the trunk iu piles of planks, scantling,"or shingles, make posts and pins, and poles -- everything almost of the branches, and treat toil, from first to last, with ot triHuod -- Oh, now, by our hope, by. the cross, .by its guerdon! Let the glory of God on Ilia ransom'd iq seen. Appointed to aoh is his service, his burden; Shall we swerve where the footsteps of Jesus, have "- dtperate T7TT . ... ..- ;Lsl(Ierable-tinibcringojratj- i d v .. . life-give- s, i"; . J ogether Of new fresh pledges preserving In works fotthe i. proof of thy faith; ' i t faints when the soul Omnipotence raising ' With the whispered 4,no keepcth thtj feet of Ills . 1 i - . - . S : Art thou glad, day by day, for a qnicken'd observing Of the hand that with Bkillfulne&s fashions thy path? Saints." 1 ' ouities; .Wherd are all of our ambitious women? ambitious for usevines I mean you who havei within your souls an innate longing for a high-.- , er better and nobler life, who desire sumeVlher hope, some, other object and ambition than li ing for self alone, v Arouse yourselves frouv the daily routbe of eating, drinkiug,.leeping, dressing, visiting,; reading attendin-- ' balls or theatres etc., by a little exertion, endeavor to crowd these occupations a little clo.ser and make . room for something far more enjoyable for what can and grander in this to the honest a more delightful ' sensation than the consciousness of doing good to a fellow creature of soothing the throbbing head, of alleviating the' pains 'and aches of mortal bodies. Indeed how frequently can acute: mental anguish be allayed, by the touch of a gentle hand, and the sound of a oice solicitous aud kind, by assuring a sutlerer there is at least one on earth and one in heaven who is interested in her yelfare. Come my sisters engage in this pursuit, "or in that which' will elevate your existence to lives of worth andjiseAilness. To those who have an inherent suitable- ness to the study and practice of ojistetrics there is certainly no avocation mora worthy. of their highest aspirations. . r E. R. fcnipp. well-spring- r 1 xf fTni-- V; ious lives sacrificed by ignorant and inexperienced nurses assuming such weighty responsi- - . pre-ordaine- w a vAjnnt of God now revive us, restoring A witness of love, separation and might; niumlno the word, let Hi3 children', adoring, Find wan ior munition and strength for tba fight. Yea, lighten oqr darkness dispersing the inist Hevoal the pnsoarchable riches of Christ. For oh! there are heights of unclouded communion, And trophies of promise yet, yet to be won; There are earnests of heaven in. pilgrimage union, s Aud of blias fetill untasted, uiikjiown Vho fully his charter, his birthright explores, Who fathoms the deepness "all things are yours." Child of the light, art thou hiddenabiding? Of the holy of holies the floors hast thou trod? In the secret, the calm of Thy presence confiding, Is the home of thy soul in the shadow of God!" Thence none shall efface,' nor can time disannul His sk and receive, that your joy may be full." loving-kindnes- - .. of-addres- day-daw- n - ": . . No. 0: - pro-vok- in the ladder, this mally aodt the almost practice .being entirely in the hands of, ny.ca teowomenf butit ha5 gratollyicenrl ed the sealeof importance until at the prcs-en- t time it- i3 considered a" science and art greater than Nvhich there is none other, it now being amongthe higher accomplishmen ts of many gf our. iflbt brilliant stars iu the gal- r axy of surgery and medici ne. : - 1 i)thebranch ':pfbtcfricvh1chwasImT 7" of light, are ye slnmtKiripgY roaming? , Where, whore is the witness for Ood andJlU Son? "irist in"us, Christ for us, Christ risen, Christ coming;. Aw these but traditions? I victory won: 1)o we f brink from the scroll en nis .banner urifarl'd, JFroiji the changeless "My Kingdom js not of this , ? manip-ulation- Natioii3.v and hardihood, that would have made FranConi s. or the Madrid bullring vibraTelTbravoes of applause. But in the hours' after hours that I have watched thb sport at the ferry side, I never heard an oath e or'the language of quarrel, or knew it 4 the least sign of feeling. "After'the sorrowfuf word was gireniout-to-hal- t arid make preparations for winter, a chief labor became theinakinir every brigades of mowers would tako up the march to their positions in chosen mead- ows a prettier sight than a ' charge of cavak ry as they laid their swarths, whole companies of scythes abreast." "Vhen they et: alout building their winter h ouscs top, the Mormons wen t in toqui tc con persons.' Aln perusing- - the history of medicine froju - CH,lIET tliejgnorant and unskilliul o 1884- feats orilitPrat". ami unskillful Written for the Y. L. M. I.- - A. at Fillmore, and inserted in their manuscript pap2r, " Tim Young L&dics' Literary Companion." . 'WAMv.AS i; . by enlightenment and knowledge; women shall no longer be, unavoidably, IT , "i ofill Womeii -- road-maker- s, hay-rnaker- s, . -- 