WOMAN'S EX F ONE NT;. 6 J . rWq Le'hitcresieiiJn'irj..-.- " r. Thursday morning Sisters Ellen C.. Clawson and Lytlia Ann Wells went to Big Cottonwppd, to attend tlie meeting of the Primary Associations of that place; in consequence ofthe resig- Jailer Davis, a. d.,M&-Z))ei i goTga n za t d n w as n ecessaryf .a n 0. Clawsoii officiated in organizing, and Mrs. sfe ;Yoor ail. cilonattt, daughter, ; 1i . Wfll: The enclosed c j y of a drearn refspome to a request-o- f related. Is n ceiv ; ' Primary, it being their annual meeting day. There were s quite a number of the sisters present; the . omtlHj eaith. were very good and remarks were made by Sisters Clawson and Ferguson. Benediction J ) by Counselor James Woods. On Friday Sisters. Ellen C. Clawson and meet him, and thoik hands witi b i m very wr m'y, and congratulated him that he had unisheJ his work on the earth. I tt.ld him w would have a tood time together.aa the labor '.was very p'ea-au- t and He I agreeable. said, am going to fctsy. here but a very short time, au the a I s to my itst I looked at him for a nilruenfc pf witli peCJ'Ur feeling, cijiM by hia ward-'- , au l asked him, When ha!l I pA to my res!? I knew I had kept the faitiFaad been true la my covenanto w hen on the earth, he mare answer, When ycu have done the work that I have doie, or if ua TDIe to;.Uo ho, others d3 it for you; then ycnwjhV pbtu 10 your refit, but not till theu was a prrctfe d p'.lygamiat, and as The I ftwo.a immediately after lm had epeken, his work w a- - before my mind, and it wat impressed Uon my whole being l y a power could not . resist, that nnleas I performed the same werk." and oUyed the eilertial law td marriagej I would never cbtin the rest I o much desired. I accepted the dream es tlie word of the Lord to me, indirectly, and' I have nought from that time to terve Gad and keep Ilia commandment?, and would advise all woo desire the rrst of a Lstfer-dnHaint ta neek it thro igh obedl-enc- e to the f iJ! Uw of tha Gjapel, or they will , 1 1 ,. . bi-h- op -- " y ppic: I ; re-mai- Your brother in the Gosie?, ' 7 My lt'J, .. . T ' 1884 " at-Mil- and two of them occupy the forenoon and two the afternoon. Sister Mary Ann Birch presided in the morning, and Sister Ann Lemon in the afternoon. Bishop Hamilton was present and addressed the children; remarks were also made by Si " and L. A. Wells. The? ..children,, acquitted themselves very well. Dinner was served in th yetry and all passed off pleasantly. Some changes were made in the organizations. ; Annual Primary Meeting of the 20th AVard, city, April 24, opened with singing and prayer by Counselor M. Er Dunbar, singing, minutes readand adopted, also yearly rejx)rtrwhich was ver' creditable. The first exercise was an essay by Isabel Salmon, subject, "The Primary;" Recitation, Alice Evans, A Wish;" Master Fred Dayiies, "A Farmer's Boy;" Mary Romney, song; Reci- tation by six members, "This World is'not so Bad:" Selina Pusey, "Earnestness;" Dialogue, Cahoon, Rosie Romney, Annie Sharp, Emily Clowes; Song, "Murmuring Sea," Alice Savage; Re citat ion, "Mam m a tell a S tory," Master, Joseph Daynes; Organ Solo; Chapter of Bible Questions answered by the children; Nellie Lyons, recitation; Dialogue by fi ve mem" Susie Ellis, song, "Let U3 bers, treat each other kindly," choru by the children; Emily Sharp, essay, !'The Primary;" Mas ter Albert Romney, reitatTofjrire:lIIml: Boy;'v Hannah Livingston, recitation,. "The Lost Child; - Emma Lyon, organ solo; Lettie and Maud Potter, recitation; Josie Simmons, readingKateSansom,. recitation; Dialogue by two members, Maggie oaimuu, reuitanon; eiiie jjaynes, song; iteci- tation by six members, "Trust the . Ch i ldren ;" Maude iewis, readiiifr: Alice Reynolds, recita tion; Irene Daynes, songi One or two other .recitations, the names we dixl not learn, Songj Belle May and Maggie Cahoon. After the programme wss completed Miss Isabella Salmon with- a few appropriate woTds presented the President with a purse of moneys as a tnfli testimonial v6f the ".love 'and kind feeling of the children and parents. - Sister ' 1" Toone wa3 almost cverpoweren hf this Idem- onstration at lqve. and appreciation.' ' The meeting was addressed by Sisters Clawson, P. L. Kimbalf and -- Louie Felt,' Brothers Dunbar, Savage, Ilnmncvv Lewis and Salmon ; also Sisters E. B. Wells,': E. B. Ferguson and. Jane Miller. ' Meeting adjourned for one year, prayer, by T. B. Lewis. Refreshments were then served to all in the house. - .. In the evening' there was a very happy gathering with songs 'recitations and . : . Parlor feasts extinguish kitchen fires. ' ' iVo- - ; " '" ' " ' - that is evil-?. - MrAZ! 7 Ncphi, Utah. QaUer7 Jourm I Ladies' Manuscript paper, Y&ung ' - r , "Self-denial;- R S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRDLVRY REPORTS. -- , , . 1 - 1 : ; 1 , ; - , ; .. Synopsis of the minutes of the. Relief, Society meeting, held at Montpelier, March 2nd, 1884, President J'; P. Lindsay. presiding. Singine. ; Prayer by Bishoo Samuel Matthews. Singin g. M in utes of th e previous two. d ays" meeting read and approved. Kemarks were made by President, Lindsay on various subjects calculated to inspire the sisters with a desire to improve in all good works, and encourage them in the path of duty. Spoke on the word of wisdojn, and also urged the sisters to take good care of their. bodies, and to seta good example for tbejr children to : ' , MONTPELIER. 'Home-manufacture;" -- ' e, - . vcrb. -- Lydia Ann Wells attended the annual meeting Creek. The four districts meet yearly, - vleape i to -- exer-cise- ' blee-iing'- , give, as we hope to be forgiven. Hpw.yery distressing it is to see friends, and perhaps relatives, disagree on some small matter, and go for days or mouths, and sometimes years, and never speak to each other,and all the time holding the worst kind of feelings, even going so far as to back"bite and speak falsely, with nothing but a difference of opinion for the cause; each thinking that they are the injured one, cherishing "the hitterest kind of sentiment and being williug to hear and believe anything that is detrimental and injurious. IIow very different from the example taught us by. tlie Savior! He who ' had mo t cause of all to have hard feel ings towards II ir"fellowTneiirlIeTwti23MiI subject to the grossest of ins'ults, and endured the most excruciating pain, taught us to forgive all and hold malice against none. And He who endured so much could do thi?? Surely We ought to over look the faults of others, a3 we wish to have ours pardoned. To be able to forgive an injury shows a strength of character and will cause much that is noble and god-likjoy and happiness; while to harbor this 'feeling 4of hate and jealousy will .bring nothing, but discontent and misery. To live and enjoy the society of those around , us, to pass through life and gain the love and respect of our associates, and have the approba-- , tion of our Heavenly Father, is Tjoy indeed. Then let us show by our lives, wre Avill follow the example of our Savior and overcome all .B. Ferguson visited the Tenth Ward jut - -- .In the afternoon Sisters Clawson and Dr. E. mi ch of a dreamVr, and being to attribute Jes-- Importance to rather tu dreams haii many other?, I was much Jnteiet-e- d In the one in question, and pol.'clted a copy AlUiGUgh-no- t 1 bedone A;ain He says: If thy brother smite thee on the right cheek turn to him the other, showing plainly-thspirit of forgiveness, and teaching us that it is wrong to hold hard feelings with another; that, it is our duty to forgive if we are "the injured person. That it is very wrong to hold malice. That we should be quick to for-- " 1 . forr publication In ihfPExroNENT. Of course ycu will act your pasture in regard to is. '. Lovingly, ' ' J E. R S. B. Mks. ElizX R- - Fniw riinii: Dear fciittr, in accordance with my premife madeynu jfs'erday, in L gan, I write you a brief statement of a' dream had a few yeaia ago, w hich refers to a principle of great imoi to the Latter-da- y S dn la. I dreimed I had p3H-t- i aw ay from this probation and w3 la the Pfj'rit world, and hsd been aligned .my- - d u t it. A I pa?ud to an d fro aimnij the people, I mt an oid acquaintance whom I had femwn in EngUndwben I flnt embrace J ths Ujpe. I went up to hiai ami' Bald, Weil, you have g,t hert? Hefaid, Yti to find out that I have miffed the prize I fougot. I knew tbe Gospel was true, 2ml know it now; but I stayed In England . w hen I should have emigrated to Z on, an I thus fain d to receive my and I have tinned gainst the Jaws of God, and must remain a pritiomr here fcr many years, till I have j aid the penalty of my 6ine before I cau jeave thh place, an;i he left mje in great sorrow. A ehort time afterwards I met the t ishop of. the ward heiHj h5d lived vhtn a C. Clawfon, E. Howard, and L. A. Wells and other sisters addressed the meeting. The avcr- age attendance at this Primary is sixty. d in mine, after hearing it . -- n- . The Bavior while od earth- taught Hi3 disci-ple- s to pray thus: Forgive us our trcspasaea as we forgi ve those whose who trespass against us Bhowing that they must forgive in- - order to be forgiven. That .they must pardon the faults of 7 The v athera . 4 ' mi v. .1 .1 r:,.j. ue wuung to ao unto otners as must meywiah; - , Mary Aim Brockbank and .Mary Quist, Counselor.-3; S. A. Casto and Milo. Andrewe, Jr., made some' encouraging remarks. Sisters; E. , MrS. E. U. FORGIVENISS. PRLMARYSSOGIATIONS. tien, the Ct;y of Cb'ogne, where wr Frent a tut I fear t thill couple of days most j U tire ydu with a Jang leito:; Utcr t will tell ycu mere of our journey, which ha been o fui andclmmipg i me that I knovr you Will : follow. ' - r; .is.v,:t.. '..Counselor S. I. Holmes flaidyre.aU ,iave do and e. if talents, not make use pf them we . will be held Accountable for, tije same. ! $poke 71 about storing grain. , ; Jiror I? ranklin said - that President Y oung store graio, but when he found they had liot followed out his instructions,only id exceptional instances, he called upon the; sisters When the'graih is stored up it is stored up unto- the Lord, and when the time comes He will tell us A errant tjifinv hponle will What to fin with' if come to Zion to be fed, and-imatters -- not, - t 