Icrsirni!rcr'-i- sihlslen ."changes, of thus contributing to what, is temperature termed a robust, or athletic, constitution; hemvt he beneficial effects of using a cold baih daily, and that in the early morning when just cut of bed by surgeons, and those exposed to frequent changes of climate! The coldness and length of the batfii 'should be used according to the vigor, and -- debility, and age of the person When the shock, as a st j inn lusjoj he. -- -- -- 1 :r J't l..ii,sr-:r-T- -i .1" Mf . 'b'e very cold, eiple desired, the water nOu and the time of remaining in the bath only momentary; the water may be even dashed on, andimniediatelv and thoroughly dried to brine moon a Lnrcottnn: in h&- rfVRtrrTl Txr rcfl'ei )t warmth, alter the cold ot the hrst lmmer- - sion. -- The fluids are repelled from the surface to the internal organs,-whicare thus stimulated and roused ; to action, inconsequence of which theblood is projelled through the whole capillary. system, more particularly of the sur face, carrying with it life and renovated cner- - ' -- gy? 1 . a 1 cooler and paler, and the respirations are more hur ried than' before; but this is almost immediately -- warmth, or a reaetimTTTfhiprwntpr iaHpft-lra-fore a second ifltack of cold or chill the pulse becomes fuller-anstronger than before immersion. The skin recovers the plumpness it has lost, and is succeeded by a feeling of buoyancy, and an increased animal power. No second glow, ever succeeds the second chill, aboye.men-tionebut' the debilityrTncreasts with the. of immersion. length -- , ! slurrish' CJO , r uiccrs. If to obviate the shock instantly applied to the body, and the object is to obtain a refreshing action as in febrile diseases.and inflammation, Y.ateT Bhould be applied at first, not suddenly, only cool and with a sponge, repeating the application til the desired effect is produced. The amount of reaction depends oh the coldness and length of time. One says that a cold bath is stimulating; another a sedative, or even debilitating; so it may be, but the truth is, it is the mode of using it; whether salt or fresh, hot or cold, and the condition of the patient, the time of a bath should not be more than ten or twenty minutes. After a cold bath there should be a reaction, if not it is injurious; if " '. the strength of the patient is exhausted then it would be debilitating; while to another, in full vigor, it would be:a tonicin the highest degree, and this is in proportion to the vigor of the circulation on the surface. With feeble circulation and cold extremities, should not use the cold bath, unless improving the circulation and warmth, before entering by an internal remedy or exercise. The whole" effect of a bath may be distinguished into, 1st, the shock, the effect of which is stimulating; 2nd, the cooling effect; 3rd, the counteracting or astringent enect; 4th, the reaction. pi-tie- . )ldj)atlniay the rest, according K circumstances, when one orine other ol theses actions ovpr all are not desired. The most important circumstance respecting a bath of: any kind is its temX. perature. Cold, sea bathing is a sedative, an indirect tonic. The warm bath is a relaxant. The hot bath a stimulant. Ox Cold bath is from 33 to 60; cool, from 60 - fn 70' tfmnar-at- a 7K C no . a J o ro . nn the man what the foliage is to the tree; a vast, external lung, w ith milliyiaof pores, of glandules and of papillae, and an irn-men- net-work- . warm, 92 to 98; hot, 98 to 112; vapor, 100 to 130, and .upwards. .Tepid bath, used for mvahds and children, and for cleanliness, 20 or 30 minutes. Warm baths arc slightly stimulating, then soothing, and allay irritation of the nerves, mends the pulse and appetite. Hot baths are a powerful stimulant and one should -never remain in till exhausted; 5 or 10 minutes ' arouses the nerves and general yital action. . e f x nt of- - arteries-tn-tl - ithe cvmpftnient nerve?rIi T- of jhejuternab and iirnsTWitlrthe ai(T7TlIie7rTuTkish bath the skin breathes and transpires in place of the Inn !js"r There is an aiialogv between' the skin aiid mucous membrane, as the internal skin is -- a continuation f the external, at the eontinu-it- v of which the epidermis changed to epithelium. The external jkiii,. modified by the Turkish bath, becomes the modifier' of jhe iu- tenia skin;- hence a bath mudifies and improves digestion. .'Sweaty hands and feet are improved by bathing them in cold water and then rubbing them with a small quantity of the .Tinetur.e.ut'.ColTl feet arur inproved l)y 'buth- "KeltaTIouiia.. apply rapid fric-- " ingjhciiiJ nei.vLJLjiaieiV-the- ii is . -- nt otuer,. un- ".Tiro skirri.s"To t pa--tie- i e T nr.' " jUujvuifteryybii treatmentIf -- i - e. d, t A Turkish bath less it is a Gabaranda sweat. is where there is a gradual increase of tempi-r- her there is slight chilliness felt the patient must be moved immediately to a warm bed. Some of the "hosjntals in Germany put their patients into a bath and let them stay'so long that the skin is fairly parboiled in aj)pcar-aucUain water is nice for a bath, or a little .soda added to ur commons a soft bath. Bathing to prevent disease as a medici n e, i t can be used as a tonic, a'codl spray "regularly applied so as to produce the tonic effect. "Heat, suddenly applied, will cause muscular contraction. A nervo in a muscle dipped in "water 110 will contract violenlty. JBaths, as means of administering. medicine, by placing in the bath such substances as will "stimulatetjhe skin. As an antipyretic cold bath, vinegar has a good effect. Friction baths can be used wet or dry dilute alcohol, ammonia, a little red pepper, .either will be acceptable. Keep a bottle filled with alcohol, sprin-- " kle a little on crasli, maderin the form of gloves,' and with them rub the body, one's self or by assistant. Some patients are chronic, or aenemic, and too weak to produce a glow by friction, then it must be done for them; for if: the glow is not. produced after a bath it does harm. Massage has proven to be of great value, sometimes, in cases of dyspepsia; the needs active action. Formerly cold baths in lung diseases and typhoid fever, were contra indicated, but not now considered so; yet in case of ulceration of the bowels in typhoid fe- -' ver, the moving rof apatient in bathing might cause perforation and serious results, and a being low, then the shock htight paralyze the heart, and .'death, or the lungs might by a cold bath, and death take place. Immersion in cold water to a delicate personjsnot jyithoutL. posibkv in juriousretfect. auu may .uy- - iouoweu oy aepression. A deli- cate person should take a good breakfast nn hour 'or two before bathing. Care should be taken in this as in all other theraDeutic npnt Wine in some cases can be given, as it relaxes . SlG capillaries of the surface, and while the cold bathe drives the blood internally and contracts the capillaries, the wine may benefit in this case by dilating the capillaries, and thus inviting the blood to the surface. In pneumonia and pleurisy the Germans-uscold ; compresses. An acid bath is used in some xHeptaic (liver) disease, 3 pin ts of muriatic acid . and I pints of nitric acid; use teacupful to gallons of water. Mercurial baths are rrood in some cutaneons diseases. Electric baths are .good in paralysis; they excite or stimulate all the function especially the circulation and secretion.. v Iodine baths to produce a aubefaci-ent- , gometimes eyen to the pealing off of the -- 'guilt. n nrrttcrr'T? - Kisa.oiun, useu wnu eare, nuinni n succeedeirbyjnjeoally universal sensation of to as much - nd W-p-fiown-- ."tah, 1 u.-'ei- j. hput m a hit meted from th(T OOdVTOO of may cause an exhausting effect on the part ' ;" the system to keep up the temperature. One German professor said, when the patient's temperature was 101 to'put them into a : i -- redu ce t to OS ba th of 94-aand re- -, said, put them in 10 minutes; at -her ppot it poIn Vienna hospitals they put a patient into a bath of 65 for 20 or 30 minutes, and repeat or eight times in twenty- - four hours, and it was reported that it was a very aiccl'iil V-Anot- 1 1 ecUnste4uUf it "toirgreaTXTeacTiou for a deTnlTfteTpeiion at once 'placed into the cold. Water can W while epriiikled on theni from a watering. pot,bottles. 'oil cloth, and hot lf-3cahZnTpIa3ejI . nf ,f w;lt( r i baths Russian watr.'r or, placed oyer Vapor a hut stone, and a pa,tient wilt .pass from them to a' cuol or .cwj d bath'w;ith pleasure, Used. in., rheumatism. and eutam ous. atlections, or a hi.t (luck, bath of 1 10 in rheumatism is. W:tor h.it.hs nro list as art el i minaticA JyJli' ' cases ot the kidneys; ntnin',rem;,y u Mxfdown - quarts (if Iodine,..and twiee .' of Iodito utes. A child at should be above blood heat, 98 At 8 or 10 than92;. At 10 months; is90considered sumyears, not' below 7SJ, which can be liltmer, heat. In a high fryer a person ed iu a sheet and .laid in a cold bath at 90 J, to 68?, or about 20Messthan el-- ; '"'when" jtfatediif? it then produces the cooling h' A nun" temperatureor not less " " VkinV iuienbath KrTounO11'1'1' UO. Veeks.the - Cold Sit Baths are iu some complaints 1rac-in'f- r or tonic, twenty minuti s at a time. If on taking cold there may be Uremic convulsions, sometimes just- be fore death, vhere crystals " A man had these crystals . form on the body. form on his mustache astast as wiped away, he -- b a lcoii v u s 6ns and died in a few hours.' Haths, then, should be lin-- to remove from the blood urea and uric"aeid,'as they are pois- ' "ous. In Eczema u person will have oxylu-ria- ; whether one is the cause of the o'hf-- is not proven, but there is a condition of the skin ' - -- 1 1 d ' r that hinders oxydation. The amount of good . What of sea bathing? llerived from these watering places is principal- - ly from the change of air and scenery, diet, etc, more than the bath. The exposure to toM and theunsuited temperature of the water, and the long remaining in the water, and that, when the body is over heated, is positively injurious. Smetimes it has resulted in congestion of the in ternal organs, cramps and spasms of some of the muscular organs, or tlie muscles themselves, and in some cases paralysis of a greater or less portion of the body, "and the rays of the hot sun on the head while, iu the water is also deleterious, sometimes producing what is called sun stroke, and this may. result in paralysis. On the "whole more harm Tsul f s TlronTsea bath ing than good , and young V.ith people come in contact in these placi a degree of immorality aild vice. Sea bathiDg : is more beneficial where the water is shallow, and has become, warmed by the rays of the sun. A ners'on bathiiif all over, is less liable to take cold than when only a portion of the both; is bathed. A sponge bath and a shower are similar in effect. In no disease is a cold .bath more beneficial than in the intervals of asthma. The chest may be sponged daily with wnfpr nr vinprrnr nnrl wn fpr with friction it H also good for common cough but not,. suited in eonsumpf ion-Itsprincipal action is a preventive of catarrii and cold. The.best timejor a spray is on ting out of bed, when there, is no perspiration; it increases the appetite and digestion. Spongthan a ing is more proper for delicate persons shower bath, its effect is nearly similar, include the cold air. - . 