1 ANS W-6;M ApcstJea in Maik, xvf, 15j 16, 17, 18l 'Q ye into all the world, and prjch the G Vpl.i o every ml J " bap tfzta, creature. J3e. tJb at ? fc ehafl be saved; but ho that bslieveth not shall be damned. And thefe signs ehall follow them-"tha- t believe : In ray name shall they cast cut devilt; they shall speak with new tongues; they take up serpent; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt themjtlhey-ishal- l. Jay hands on the ekkaudTthey shall rtcover. "No matter who beilevetb, tbeeo fclgny, tuch aa healing the sick, - casting out devils, etc , should follow all that believe, whether male or female. He asked the Society if they could not tee, by this swtepU g premise, that whtrein they are ordained, it is the privilege of hose apart to administer in that authority, which 13 conferred on them; and if the sisters Bhould. have faith to heal "The Tick, let all hold their .tongues, and let everything roll on. 'He said, if God ha3 appointed him, and ches-e- n him as an instrument to lead the Church why not let him lead it through? Why stand in the way when he ia appointed to do a thing? Who knows the mind of God? Djes He not reveal things differently frojodlai-WeLexriecilie remarked that he was continually rising, ah bearlog him down, though ho had hU in wsy, nwl opposing; notwith-"landing -fctMTdl&M7oyJsitiai.,, he al way came ou t tight In the encf. "Respecting females administering for the healina; of the sick, he fur.br remarked, there loulj be rio.dvil in it, If God gave His sanction ty.ht-aling- ; thai there co:j11 be no more sin in any female lading hands on and praying for the bick, than in wetting the face with water; it isX uo sin for anybody to aJml-Jste- r that has ,'aith, to be bc aJedfcxthir ur If the sick have adminu . ?- eve-ythin- g . ft-fi- li "He reproved those that were disposed to find fault with" the management of the concerns of the Church, saying God had called him. to lead the Church, and he would lead it right, thesy (hat underUk'e to interfere will be ashamed Vrhen their onn folly is made manifest; that he cakulatea to organize the Church in its proper order as soon as the Temple is completed. ''President Bmithjcontinued by speaking of the difficulties he had to surmount since the commencement of the woik, ia consequence of aspiring men. 'Great b'g Klders,' as he called lnemwh& had caused him much trouble; to whom he had Uughi the things of the kingdom in private councils, they would then go forth into the world and proclaim the things, he had taught them, as their own revelation?; said the ume aspiring disposition .wUJ.belaJhii'BccIetjy" TintiTXiustba l'TSttxj.petBonZ ishould etand,"and act in k the p!a(?e appointed, and thus sanctify the Society ami get it pure. He &id ho had been trampled underfoot by & iring Elders, for ail were aflected by that spirit; for instance, J ohn E. Page and others had been aspiring; thay could not bs exalted, but must run away, as though the the care and authority of the Church were Tested with them. Ho said he had a'abtle devil to deal with, and could only curb him by being humble. 'As he had this opportunity, he was going to Instruct the ladies of this Society and point out the way fr them to conduct themselves, that they mlghC ct accoruicg to the will of God; Ih.tt he should have many that he did net kc-oopportunUits of tach'rg them, a they were going to by left to tt:emeivev; they wculd not long hava him to instruct themjthat the Church would not havo h is instructions lng, and the world would i.it te troubloj with him a great while, and woul i not have hi teachings. "He spoke cf deiiveriog the keys of the Priesthood to the Church, and said that the faithful , w X F E 0K E1ST 45 mTnbers of the Jteller: .Poctyy should : receive them tbe .j:TowIth tbr Ictn 8inta wlwe Ijrovt in that huf-baiifj- integrity raibt fajjJifu!. ba.9 HUtiAND It trie J. aid know b w-i- o k the jfer according, to his llandt nolovo more ardentVn 1 Oij JvJbrysnjJIstersandJ "slnfoumIe'd,Trwoul Eecm, by r,JJ that is necepirenb, and ssary for her happine;?, b j t there J j stilf eome-thiu- g lacking; and the vvirigly forsakes all this to join her fate to thtt .f the "men. the has learned to lovo and revere with all the fervor of her young, irusiinj; heart. Perhapi it U but a short time since he was a total stranger to hsr, but this matters net, she is willing to tru-s- her" future .happiness to his keeping, to ehsro hid lot in life, though perhaps it may be a much huni- IhierLnne-t- h an she h a he en -- tia ettrtoT" Bhe ..will an-ge- -- t PRIMARY ANNUAL. Prefci- - -- dents Louie Felt and Ellen Ciawaon, we attend ed an annual meeting o the Primary Acsocis-tio- n of Hogar House Ward. -- The meeting was conducted by the President, Mrs. McGhie. y The exercises of the children were very rendered, exhibiting the effect of careful training. We noticed a marked improvement from ore year ago, in a larga increase in numthe bers, and also in the very excellent oroVr Ono featnro tim children. ; highly plfc3Bing exercises was extempore epeechei by t on or We .'!: eight of tho boys interested In all of the exerciser w' the considering tlim,ii girls a3 well as the we do, true indications of future uatfulno It was plainly manliest that their Pi-- i iout and her Counselors have won tho hearts of tho.-children, which is the key to success in moulding and gaid ng in the right direction. ' Lo ve is the ruling power in thene associations. Th8 children invited us to join in a picnic after the close jof.eer vices; and with promptitude b-ar- ly al t A MARK OF RESPECT. e er de-tir- e, d On the 24th of July, the 61st anniverfry of her birthday, Sister Elizabath Clark, President of the Primary Association in the Fifth Ward, was the recipient of a very graceful expression of the affection and respect of the children composing that organization, and thidr apprt ciati h of her labors in their behaK. T?o elegant v.bb-werprepented to her, on bthfelf of the AHfocia-tion- , by Misses Lfzzlo Brown and Maredtn, two little girls who aollected the Eubcriptlonp, purchased the articles and made the" preeeutatlon" in a manner very creditable to taemeelves, and highly gratifying, to Sister Ciark, who was as much surprised as she was pleased at the occurCom. ence. , grow-bright- o 'Qi . True love, propejjy cultivated, will not diminish with the advance of years, hut will continuand stronger,-eacfresh tie ally and new piedge of love binding the hearts of the parents more firmly together, with a chala which will never rust, but grow brighter with theming; a cord which will grow stronger and navfer snap asunder. If thu is what they the wife must never grow less considerate, but rather neek more earnestly to smooth tho way.and remove the thornn from her husband's path an the cares of life increase upon him. 1 1 devolves on him tj battle with the ontsido world, to struggle with the stern realities of life, to gain a livelihood for the loved ones who are dependent upon him; to &tt;ud between them aud danger. And the wife ha3 it more or less in her power to make, it a labor of love rather than an irkeome duly, by order and cjmfort in tbtlr m her heart and a smile on her heme, love ' V , b, fo-ci- Strang. - " . -- tables were bountifully spread for aged, middle-ageand. every child, of which all partook in E. R. . S. order. '''-.'"'''- How careful shod J husbands and - wives be that they do not trifle with this holy feeling; that they do not let this love cool, or die out in their hearts; for without it there are many triala in married lifu which would be h rd to ; ia-tense- oveD, in many ense, leave the land of her UiUb, the home of her chiiJhooJ, "with little hopea of ever fceeing them aga'.n, suiaermg all other . earthly ties to follow thld comparative er cred-itabl- r Jil!? BiMktLcg;etK'iiusO'iaJt:wifer . resist no is and there evil, danger; God, iien and te will not condemn these that" resist everything that is evil, enddevils cannot; as well might the devil seek to dethrone Jehovah, as overthrow an innocent aoul that resists everything which Is evil." of irresistible e the'-head- in cornpany i ejaiiom&thlDg-stp-e jL ili1 .opd. this tb.ut cjliur hrs b. tweta tho'sexea wlilch-thLord has certainly impliinted ia ihe human and which h inseparably hesrtby divine-poveraoeiated with the first great commandment of our Heavenly Father. 'Where ruyfriage ia what it should be, a union of twj toul, where .two. heart3 bsat ia unison, und the thoughts and aspirations are pure and ho'y, there, ceriainJy,-u'o- ci true b ve ex h i. Howcften do we gee a strong, vigorous man (tevotediy attached to an inval d wife, patiently., striving to alleviate her suffVring, and to'convert uvea her momenta of pain int J piesajro by tho " htrength of hid Jove. r Aud fcgaln, thero is a young, iunocent maid-- . en, pOtttsing a h3pry"liolne, kind, indulgent - On the 15th of July J r HB . rj fijoineide' if ba;ed upon pure princJylep. h brirak? dd vn all barriorp, awtepicg all before it vlth a .CTa not jEJ'111 1 lm often hot n taM "that there :h no lova ho tht Ihcrcii-- exh orted the hister lw jv? to concentrate their l fait h at d privyera for, rnrl pjk rnn fit? eo.ee in : their husband?, whom' VoA iuvi' nppointed for them to honor, and in those faithful nien whom Uod haa placed at the head of the Church , to lead His people; that we should arm and sus- with our pr?.yrs for iho. kej apf the kingdom ire about to, bj given to them," that ?they may be able to defect every thing fahe: as. well as to all the Elders' wh'-- thftll prove thfJr : intf gfity In due season. "He said if one member becomes corrupt, atd you know it. VOU must imrneija'fclv rut- it uro tzyvl '.tithf 'fi way, whole body. The eyrv of of the Church, have induce- lem to Lear a long timewjlfithdsj whollre coirupt, until they are obliged to cut thaoi olf, lest all become cou-- . 'laminated; you must put down iniquity, and ty ytur good examples, eUmulate the Elders to good work?; if you do right, there ia no danger of your going toa fast. He sa!d he did not -. 5. fftjivibWjaa.. eewbere. He lryereTUJuli AND-WIVE- -- " . v . . , And on the other hand, I often wonder if many husbands realize what an eaty matter i ia to make cr mar a womn'i happlntts, and how tnutli dpeiids upon him. in thia matter, '''tier grtr.Mist jjy' is not'occft'sijned by his build" la 4 hr a fioe hcust-- nor by buying her a new "dnk orn- o'guu, neither by lah.ra!e. cr tr-- . ' travflgant jrejiionatraiions ci atloction in tho prhseoca of others. O.'t. times a silent pressure of the hand or loving glanco cf tho eye ia far more potent; they toccn the teaderest chord cf the heart and waken a response mora eloquent, . . ; - than words. -- 