Sister Emma Smith and found her very sick. Oh the Oth she mentions, Sister Mileken and Perry had been visiting her; the' same day she, received a letter from her husband, which gave her great joy. On the 9th she.writes, Windsor a uusoanu, went to -- bt. Jjyon, ner uaugmer i 17th, Brothers P. P. Orson Hyde started east. 18th, went la the Belief Society. Sister Sessions adds here, "Almost every day I have been to visit the sick for a very beg time," Sept. 1st he went to the trial of Bro. Adams. On the 2nd she says she went to the Relief Society and" gave $6.75 to the poor. Ten weeks before she r gave 50 cts. , Thus we see how Sister Sessions bestowed of " lo purcnaseoadsUn the 23rd SisW and she writes, "In my opinion he officiated contrary to nature, or right, or reason."- 31st she speaks of going to the Temple was there, .: . Jier means." Oct.tM-- s ' v O AlXllllkWll O in w v O O his and finding Lucy, wife, very sick. On the . : from his imss un tne lives nau ueeu sijareu iu xueet again, 27th; Sister Sessions having been called to attend a sick woman, went through the severe nrrrl UVVUf Hn nnA nnrl frnvo hpr linrwls tlia &mmva. mtmJm tnoa I 11 V tfU tylU UUVK of December Bro. Orson Hyde, who had been On the 13th she was very away, came- home. came and laid hands on. her the sick, Prophet From that time she and she was .healed. speaks of Joseph having visited at her house almost daily. .", On the 24th she savs Sister Svl- v A Prophet Joseph's, and on the 6th 1 f . rn. at - -- re-baptiz- . -- hiayaddress the people from the stand afterwards; it was a time of great joy and rejoicing. "July 1st, Joseph had his trial July 4th, Bro. Joseph is free again, and many peo Three steampie have come from afar boats landed. 29, Sister P. P. Pratt and Olive Frost were here. August 11th, Judge Adams . to-da- at y. 10 o'clock in the evening. 13thshe sbvs she-w- ent On the to hear Bro. Josonh preach Bro. Higbee's funeral sermon. There were some complaints against individuals, and Nov. 1st the meeting convened in the 14th Vard Assembly Rooms, Mrs. M. f I. Hbrne presiding. After singing prayer was offered by Mrs. Esther ,B. Fletcher. Singing, again. '.Minutes of previous meeting read and and minutes of Y. Lrw-erread from approved, u mil, oau oJ Oil. ma mc xuiu, uiu, oiu, olu, mm auu ri. i ill uarusjyvj also r. A., minutes irom the 20th2ndr19tbr 17th, 21st and 15th Wards. I'rest. Home then spoko enma iimo r- feJred to the excellent minutes that had been read and the good instruction they contained. Thoug humility was one of the virtues we should cultivate, and improve our abilities and opportunities, never neglecting any duty however small, and live near to the LordHhat we may always have His Spirit. Spoke very ably upon the election,' and urged the sisters to go to the polls,-thos- e whq were entitled to the also to attend the political ratiprivilege, and fication meeting in the theatre on Monday1 semi-month- the Church withdrew fellowship from. This was a very" imSidney Rigdon; portant event in the Church, although probably, yery .... Jittlo wai thought about ; AfiTY. , Sister Talitha C. Aver v ia our pnprptir! ami worthy "president of thi? place. The ister8, $ Hie xwcuci awiviy gut up a surprise ior ner on the 22nd of Rpnt if. hpinw tlio onr; of her birthday. -At twelve . o'clock, a . .1versary : '. . uoumeous j" omner wa3 prepared m the schoclH iw l w ) 5' J vited in; she" was very mueh surprised J to see so many sitting down to four long tables filled"" wiiu me ooi lamgs oi me earin; anout one l hundred partook, of the sumptuous repast. After dinner, was over the tables were cleared away and meeting was opened by singing and prayer, after which Bongsepeeches, dialogues, also a piece of poetry composed and read for the occasion by Sister Esther Grange and an m martial band also enlivened us with several cheering tunes. A nice rug was then presented by the sisters of the Society to Sister Avery, with several other presents. The evening was spent in dancings social conversation, etrv Tt was quite a joyful time, and will be long membered by those who participated therein. Praying for the success of. your valuable pa per a3 an exponent ot. truth and a vmdtf.itor oi our rights, 1 subscribe myself, Your sister in the Gospel, Huntington. ly Anie M. Alqer. . ' e nr.i. 'p evening. E. B. Wells spoke upon the political and urged the sisters, position of Utah to remember Bro. Rudger C awson in their prayer3 and exercise faith that he might bset,, at liberty. Irs. E. B. Fletcher poke of her anxiety for the yoath of Zion, her interest in the Primary and Y. L. Mrs.Phebe Woodruff spoke in regard to veting that it was as much a duty- as to pray. Exhorted the sisters to be humble and prap for those in authority for they . are exposed to great danger. Mrs. Mary Freeze said, it appeared that our enemies were trying to crush us, but if all were of her opinion it would be necessary to build more prisons if they, intend to send men and women there for the practice of celestial marriage. Spoke of having attepded the Clawson ' trial, and how her blood boiled with indigna- tion,but she knew they would have to reap - what they had Mrs. iucy Kimball said she felt like the last speaker, that our enemies wished to crush us; but they had undertaken more than they had imagined, for while we are willing to obey the com mandments of God and ; Jive up to every principle He ha3srevealed, we will find Him our friend. , Prest. Home made closing' remarks, and the meeting was adjourned forHwo weeks. Singing, Duxology. Benediction by Mrs, E. S. to-da- y, - built. died & P. A. It .... ' , - On, the 30th, he says Bro. Joseph is at home again; she went to see him, and then heard GENERAL MEETING Y. L. -- Mrs. family arrived , and her" son Peregrine started again for the State of Maine. June 25th she went to meeting and Lyman Wight preached, and she heard that Bro. Joseph was taken prisoner again. The day following she called on Mother Taid t(rPms ETJocfinTT Smith, and at that-lim- e Smith's clerk, Bro. William Clayton ,$lQr2o towards the Temple. This was a very small sum compared Jo the amount Sister Sessions has since given toward Temple building, fur it has been her happy lot to give a very great deal to the different Temples that have been to-da- " ed via Lvons had a but if. onlv lived twelve hours. "January loth' she says, "Brother Joseph preached in his own houseT--On the 17th it was fast day, and appointed to give thanks for "'Joseph's being set-liberty. Bro. Orson Hyde preached. and she says it was a day 'long to be remembered. On the 20th the says Oi son Pratt and his wife were and on the 22nd, Sabbath day, Bro. Joseph preached in the Temple about baptism for the remission of sins. On the 28th she speaks of Bro. Sessions being ill, and Bro Joseph Smith and Orson Hyde came andjaid Jiands upon him.- - 29th, she says she went to meeting; Bro. Joseph preached in the Temple a sermon upon the ProdigalJSon. . On : the 12th of February she says Bro. Joseph was at her house, and Mr. Lyon3, Sylvia's husband, lent him five hundred dollars. Slit went to Bro William Hide's his wife had a dauhten wu me cut; to) s sue visuyu, nitu oisiers Hyde, Nobles, and Miss Louisa Bearaen,at her daughter's, Sylvia Lyons. ; On the Gth of April she attended the General Conference, which lasted three days. On the 10th she writes again that Sisters Hyde, Price,,, Bro vvett and herself, visit at her daughter Sylvia's. "On" the 12th,"' she says, "the first steamboat came up the river" (for the season she means, I pre- little-soirbo- Semi- - Annual Conference convened and she attended; it lasted Jhree days. On..the. 9thof-Novembshe says Sidney Itigdon preached." Judging from this he must have t een again by On the 21st she speaks of Joseph . that time. preaching again she speaks of many people - whose names we are very familiar with. On the 8th ot . February her daughter, Sylvia" Lyons, was confined with a daughter. On the ; 18th she says she sent money to St. Lou is to buy a stove, which wa3 quite an event in those says, for the people had a hard struggle in auy;cMrpartlnaccX5Unt6T" sickness and : other circumstances, which kept them from becoming as prosperous as their thrift and energy-woulotherwise have rendered them. er- L AX A BIRTHDAY Pratt and ... . Ivoui3 it; at the time. sewnr".'"'r""; " PRIMARY YEARLY CONFERENCE. The three districts of the Primary Associa. tion of Lehi City held . a yearly conference Oct. 18, 1881, President Caroline Ball presiding. The exercises of the children were very crcilitaYAy xxnAcred, catWvWvng ti eCEect of careful training. We noticed a marked improvement from one year ago in the excellent order of the children. . One highly pleasing feature was the "Tennessee Massacre'reeited by , a young lady; the singing was excellent, also the exercises of the boys as well as the girls, considering them, as we'dotrue indications, of future usefulness. It was plainly manifest that the presidents and counselors of the : several districts had won the hearts of those children, which is the key to success in moulding and guiding in the right direction. Love is the ruling power in these Associations. After the exercise? were gone through, Sisters A. K. Smoot and Mary Johns of Provo addressed tho children, giving good instruction. After the meeting there followed a fair, which .showed the handy-work-- of the children and what they could accomplish by a little patience and perseverance. They had a great variety of fancy work, such as - mats,-- tidies, dresses, quilts, etc. There wa3 beautiful shawl of Berlin wool made by a young lady eleven yearsrof age. The boys did their part in carpenter work and agriculture; th? carpenter work being put together with mucli care. There was one article which drew the attention of many, it was a locomotive made by a young boy fourteen. The . "J agricultural prodacts were fine. Sap. a ii Ann Ball, Sec. s j - EDITORIAL NOTES. . . Taylors , Qa Saturday, Nov. 8, we had the pleasuref attending the annual raeetingFlhe Primary Associition of the "Eleventh Vard of thi3 city, Mrs. Louie J3. Felt, presiding; singing, "In the Chambers of the Mountains;" prayer by Mis3 Minnie Coult, one of the little girls; singing, "Gather up the Sunbeam?." Minutes of last annual meeting read and approved. Exerciser hea commenced Esav on "Obe4ieace " by , ' ' . y 