9 How different tho lessons given by our elder will beby a'l mtnTnTTTVoi CiVihre vhi own. .It U real'y 'Te'rcshins t rexJ fmtjth.lng from an fnlelHent, well eiurr,te-J- . gentleman, that has In its v'ewa liberality, Janice, and common sense nil of which are exemplified In his "new view of Mormonlem," it Federal rulers, their administration, and other phenornana." i I 1. u-i 4 1 I T t , .t I. I. - A ONE NT , W 0 M A N S EX P 190. X 1 ' brother, the Savior of the world, lhe hrst lesson is to love God, our Father, with all our - might, mind and strength. We love this beautiful world with all its varieties of animal vegetable and mineral wealth; also the starry heavens,- as the workmanship of Hii hands. , - Hannah :. Halt Lake City, May 5tb, 1S34. T. rfirvil English , Kino. and shall manwhai , ut you ask, what are the laws given to men? - .', . We learn that the law3 which the Savior taught were those that will bring us to perfection; for He says,-"Bye perfect, even as your Father in heaven is perfect." You ask, bow can we do this? Well, let us consider what those laws arc. The first thing, being an attribute of. the Deity, is bve, even that which is "pure and undented, and therefore genuine, because it requires us to be just to our, fellows, also true, upriglft and : honorable, faithful to our trust, loving others as ourselves. When we have attained to all these virtues we shall delight in doing good to all, and accordingly bs beloved by all who are thus striving to live pure lives; for thi3 we have merited. Such a class of people will become like the good shepherd whose sheep know hii voice and follow We do not see slice p led by the. voice., of. , him, the shepherd in these dayias in former Scriptural times. They are driven by a dog and " a stick. We are of the earth earthy, and this love is not taught by the spirit- of the world; but those whoJove and adhere to the teachings of ourSavior will find that this spirit will draw out and develop every, faculty of the soul. Then one is .enabled to give everything its proper value, and also its proper place" This being the case I would ask,. which of the powers is the greatest, the one which cultivates depravity, the other which teaches us to be upright and honest, and live according to true principles? Which is .most I to. this leave for answer. will I yourselves r add, ho wever, that it is quite necessary to learn both lessons. We are m tlie world; we partake of its spirit; wo must learn these lessons because these kind of people we must deal with. Accordingly this is an important lesson. But this alone is not sufficient. Until we learn the lessons taught by the Savior of the world, we will never have the charity which St. Paul speaks of when he says, ''Though I give all my goods to feed the poor, and my body io be burned, and have not charity j.t profitethme nothing." What kind of charity is this? It is the love of Christ; because He knew all the" lessons Lucifer woild give, and the ordeal we are passing through. Accordingly He has for all our. weaknesses, when the heart charity is right and the motives pure. Now, since we learn the spirit of the world so readily, ought not we to learn the spirit of the Savior equally well? This was the desitni of our parents, that .we learn both good and evil. When we have accomplished both, then we shall be ready for a higher grade of intelligence, or existence, as you may choose to call it. And since we do not properly appreciate things, only by con trast,we shall find these two lessons are very important ones. -Secretary. President Clarke made a few remarks, introducing the following programme: Dialogue by Allie Buchanan and Beatrice Ricketts; Recita tion by Allie Uowan; bong by Effio Palmer, 3 years old; Select reading by ErPettit; Song by the children, "Dare to do Right;" Organ solo, Lizzie Marsden; Duet by Maggie and Berthinia Simpson; Reading by Edwin Pettit; Song by the children, "Only an ArmpFbearer;" Recitation by Willie Brimley; Reading from the Bi- Die by ueorgo ijuter; dialogue. by Janet rree-bair- n and Clara Gilby; Duet by Lizzie Brown and Lizzie Marsden; Duet by Lizzie Palmer aud Emily Durrens. Report for the half year ending March 2'2nd, 1834, read by the Secre - TWO GREAT POWERS. Is it a reality that there are two great pow-ea- s in the land, called good and evil? If you ask the young people this question the reply very often is, "I do not realize any great power aside from that we hold within ourselves to do good or evil just as we choose to do." Yes, we have this power also, our own agency, but what inspires our acts aud propels our ener- gies? The answer is, circumstances by which we are surrounded. Yes, truly, yet how diffr- You ently people view these circumstances. is this cause the difference in our or: may say - " we are all made in tHelmage of and the . Deity, partake of Ilia attributes. For instance, we have the faculty to love the beau ties of nature; we are told we cannot love any thing we do not, admire. Accordingly, that which has attained perfection is the object of love aud admiration. How important, then, is the fact that we should learn those rules of action which will enable us to arrive at perfection. Since God is our Father we want to be v like Him; will not He bs well pleased to see us " make an effort in this direction? " We are told that two brothers claim to govern this world, and to teach us how to become like God, our Father. The first lesson that we have any written account of was giveu in the " Garden of Eden, where Lucifer told our first parents they would not surely die, but become as gods, knowing good and evil. How quickly did our mother Eve grasp the idea of gaining thateminence of greatness, even at the displeasure of her Father, and of breaking His laws. This we will call the spirit of the world; they laugh at the idea of believing that which you hear, unless you know in other ways some portion to be true. Deception is practiced to the extent that the world is ripening in greatness. Greatness in what? Great in practical lessons which Lucifer " gives. Then to be a man, and shoyr yourself such, is to be putting on your dignity your power to bring all things in subindeed! " jection to your will. . This - is god-lik- e Far from it! You have d the lessons in which love and were childhood, taught you obedience. These would bring peace to your bosom and to the heart humility; but now you must love to get gain; to amass wealth, 'the greater your attainments in thisdirection the more important and god-likyou feel that you are. The world bows to these greatrnen; but suppose some one claims a portionoixthis You must not allow it wealth, what then you must stop that; if you are rich and great you can stop almost anything. Some eyen go so far a3 to have those put to death who are in their way; yes, stop the breath what! then the germ of .the Deity is destroyed? You no long er enjpy your wealth. How then? The wine cup will soothe and comfort you.. You indulge aud lose your balance, until you find your-d- f elow the brute beast, which you oace ruled oyer in pride, . Jganization; yet -t- o-day and-showi- out-live- -- e 5- ; ng ; 1. e , fMnrVn PfflQ.'lAi also Sisters' E. S. Clawson, P. L. Kimball, E. B. Ferguson sirul E. TTnwn.rd VKifnr Thoro moo v ot tup.." n rm, ta iriuy cnuaren nresent; antl Tnan J... VUL Upened by singing "In our Lovely Deseret," prayer by Bishop Brimley, "singing, Beautiful Day." . Roll called and minutes read by the ' seems to move in strict obedience to His laws Ja-Iesif-"B- Siafpt "Brother Clarke and Brother now we auimre me iiHuuigcuue ui i.ic gicau ' signer of ..the stupendous whole. Everything. ot lnni al There were on the stand, the President iding.. .. i i n... i n.' t A ex-lra- w Semi-Annu- - - of ,f An First meeting of the Fifth Ward Primary Association since its tion, held April 30th, 1884, in the Fifth Ward T1 ; wsw extract?,' by nif, thinking Iwo'ci'-bat it la all so good and true I found r mmt the whola if I began, so I will only pray that it may have a wide circa la tlop , tha t Jhe prfjadicea of its readers may ha removed as were those of the gentlemanly writer view of the ewe." PRIMARY MEETING. : god-like- tary. av lister lawson: was ran vh pleased with the conduct, and doings of the VVl l F jrvemarKs 1 , - P. S. Written for my Sabbath S chord Moa withwhom I have not been able to meet the' past winter because of "poor health. , M..E.K. Praise undeserved is satire in disguise. Broadhurst, . .WrtfTrtl rt ava1 I. A " I i. i. ti i ea i r hoira arvrvta in ihn UA'iti.t 1) .. 1 God would bless them with health and wisdom, and ajso their President and her Counselors. Sister Presendia L. Kimball said she was much gratified to meet with these dear children. Hoped they would remember that Jesus" said "Suffer little children to come unto me." Thought the children looked happy, as if they enjoyed the Spirit of God. Told the children to be honest, truthful, kind to the aged, helpful to their parents, and obedient to their president. Spoke on the word of wisdom that " . 1 t. 1. J r t was t nl even Butriiau-ivup-i, wnen sue not a Mormon. Hoped the children would keepTthe Word of Wisdom and grow in gzace and in wisdom that they miVht please God and do ' : much good in the world. : . E. Kimball. V"-A- gramme, and thought the parents must feel pleased at hearing the little ones speak up so nicely and repeat their pieces so correctly-thou- ght the little missionaries had done well in round the vard to gather donations in going order to purchase books the children had gathered $6.75 fur that purpose. If vou do not .if ? " fAr 1 - fs moot TBI " nPfUrt " P A: again; and thought they had made great ira- provement since her last visit: hoDed thev would continue to improve every week until they were as perfect as they could be in the flesh. Thought the children of this day and age wsre greatly blessed in having the fulness of the everlasting Gospel preached to them. Asked if they knew who was the first Prophet in this last dispensation. Answer, Joseph bmith. 1 old them that Sister Kimball who had just spoken to them was bis wife, and had heard him preach and teach the things of the kingdom of God while he was living here on earth. Asked the children if they remembered the revelation Godgave for children. Answer, Honor thy father and thy mother. Hoped the children would remember that this command ment was given unto them, and endeavor to keep it thaUhey might receive the fulfilment of the promise and receive a celestial inheri tance in the Kingdom of God. v Sister E. Howard said this was the second time that she had met with the children of thii . -- i 