W 0,M AN'S soft in its outlines,' and Had it no noiseless. . vric ana p.j. rent its simple elegance. who tirus cioiucujivfvi-.-- !;uui;fv Who the woman was v to Ttr WOMAN'S. VOICE. ..L:::-l----;- -I ieel it a pleasure to pen a few lines to my We sisters, the readers of the Exponent. t he "good t i mcs by ou r - often read of d ciablcs and birthdays; so we thought we would let you know we were not far behind in that lino since r I - had in -Arizona.: Kot' lonf? ti V O go-.t- :ii -- tl A the pleasure to meet and sliakehands with an rom-ymtr-- r- depot. ' . Brest Willruirth Last, wit a several sisters, camehip from Pima, bringing with them a handsome birthday cake prepared by their own ' R S... Y. L. M. I. A. - : y faith. v - of ' - i? T iv. w QmUh umii fld1rp?ed the- a,ssemoIyj .Qlcltl in a very touching and eloquent manner. Spoke X-- FROM IIYRUM AND OTHER NORTH- ERN TOWNS. i. i:Uom f'if II y rum, Cache Co., Noy. 10;r 1834. : Editor Exponent: I thought; a few words from -- this part of the -- - ... S.tw rind felt intdli- Gave advice on rrence seldom seen elsewhere. said not to take up time in offering good and humble apoloiesbut to . cultivates Com"spiritraud then the Lord will bestow the forter for the Lord loves the meek and lowly of the" fulness of the tf heart. Felt the need Advised subjects that Spirit in our exercises. would cause deep rcilection; if, recitations, thoe that are worth storing up mjurjinnds our society loTlKatThTspmnntleitecnn us nearer and nearer together and ; would draw booi r..u:n- w x fntnrp. i. mv.. meetin?5: v .. . c ' thoucrht W i'JIL til Air ahead of that is an -- education was goody but far Gos- education in the truths of the eerla,tiDg WHUK WCtuuu! ng; sp-aki- g. -- anti-Mormo- n .. . rSier Harriet A; Snow,- ": ' JVfJsTr J1A KR ISV'J IA.Yt The Relief Socfety of West JIarrisville, We-be- r Co., was favored witfi a visit from Sister .lane S. Richards, Stake President, and her Counselor, II. C. Brown, also Sister Sarah S.: Richards-whoa- d visid, leneoui aged and in- strueted us in a vcr.V able manner on the nrin- ip!r s of Tthe Gospel. : .- -. -- ''BJp4Tay.lor; also gave us xtrd'htrtWnWVTlTansoin, ver yoiidiJislruct 10ns-.Our prayer is that we mav so live that we may have the blessing of: our Heavenly Father to help and assist us in carrying on the work before us, and obey every commandment given. Ever praying for the welfare of the Exroo - . Christina. HecstepScc. sourn COTTONWOOD WARD Minutes of the Primary Meeting of the South Cottonwood WTard,held in the ward vrr. 'ls,, PHA. CnVAcA to Tiiuraj, ord er by I 'rcsiden t E. M. Da vies, at 11 o'clock. of our posi'tions and sustain the principles , k. P, A. REPORTS. s o rn e On Friday, November the Y..L. M. I. Associations of the four wards of Brigham City held a social at the residence of Prest.. Minnie J. Snow, where a few hours were spent in a very pleasing and profitable manner. Addresses, speeches, recitations, vocal and instrumental music was rendered by credit-abb- " the voung ladies in a very pleasing and manner, displaying skill and good taste, exhibiting earnest reflection, a realization of duty and a deterrniuatkm. to honor' their , -y r- , to(yk us to 21st, the officers -M. .r--1-rTr- Amme N. Bkownikc;, Cor. Sec A TLEASANT GATHERING. hands. We had a very pleasant tiraefand all enjoyed an excellent spirit. Afterwe had partaken of the good things, we were regaled with music and singing by Brother Joseph East and wife, also bySisters Mary and Pamelia Ransom, and Lucinda Gustavesonr- recitations by Brest. W. East; songs by Sisters E. Lay-"t- on and Halliday, also Bro. J. Moody; "to reading, the Prophet Joseph's last address the. Nauvoo Legion, by one of- the ladies; speeches byTrest. and Sister E. Lay ton, after which there wa3 music and dancing until AV. East. about ten o'clock. lespeet fml yr -I J. Sxow, President, y : vineyard would be acceptable, if not veryJn-terestinWe are blessed with good health and pleasant weather, and though our enemies seem to increase in rage, filling the papers with falsehoods concerning us, packing juries to convict and imprison those who have-n- ot Ijirokcn any constitutional law, forming leagues, denouncing U3 unworthy to live, to say nothing ofjeuaLrights; still we arc undaunt- JalideaFnot their threats7for we know in whom we trust, and feel satisfied that He will' con trot-al- l thin g3 for the good of those who serve Him. Our position reminds me of the words of the Apostle Paul: "Those that live godly in Christ Jesus must, suffer persecution." What else should induce them to persecute and hae us? There is. no people on: the earth'more honest, more virtuous and more" industrious than are the Latter-da- y Saints; and our Arti cles of Faith are, without an exception, sustained by the Holy Bible; the very book that -- s e - " . pnrticipatcd. Ever praying for the welfare of Zion, we re -- l :A-da- pared for the occasion, and gave her a surprise. sat down to a sumptuous reAboutjforty-fiv." - Our brethren and sisters are. doing a good' work among the Lamanites. Theydiave go and Stmd iy schoo ?, aTvrell as braii-heand Primary. Tlic'.good of the PveliefJ-cietin these, order (jBservetl meetings might well be a pattern to a more enlightened race. Jane E. Mo lex. Nephi. . past, carriage and t h eJiiifkiejfUitl ' : . ui iy Jrieml ,sis ton; the Brest; is who at present Lay guest.ot The Kith of 'September jya? .the birthday of" l. l. T i i i our niujy csteenituj Min, Au..awc:Mi jja...4.. tun, took sisters and brethren of quite a number their baskets filled with the good things preoM teiLiiiia-Beigww- m -- I . enj-iye- -, aj?propriate remarii?, u?T!ere(i me company jdto her large dining room, where a sumptuous table was spread with-4lbounties of life, wh eh al 1 pa rtook of to thei r sat isfact ion , and a most pleasant,- enjoyable -- time waT spent, which will long be rem emberd liy those who "l? if fife - , Editor Exponent: PreijM ' 3 sisters of. that" place, where we held several meeting? We also held meetings at St. John?, Samaria and Washakie (Indian- settlement); ; at al of these gatherings we had nh enjoyable time. Much good instruction T was given by Sister Zjiia, Bishop Stewart a:jd others and to be a time cd feating to att.77 In witnessing the good influence produced and the many hearts made glad by the vi. it i of .Sist(r in a; he idea ir. sugcesteu. wiiat a work such persons could, do 4,f3velin and la e were received-anboring among the siitrs treated with gn at kindness by all, ;um by none more so than. Bro. Jesse Dredevlnvt-"tifTrti'to?foinvi'- .h jby-liortewa- -- . SJ -- -- w Ex. .' A few weeks ago, by invitation; 1 accom President, .'Zma D. jiiied our esteemed Aad Mai to .Young, alley, s.ie having bet iijnvit ine JlJLt Miwuij fact unknown" iii the mod- remain a ern history of costume -- as-nom- n of-the e? vec inem-about It Wllicn suemeu imwe oi cvuu f noble women never letting anything arise to . dampen our ardor,but being humble and prayer fui and persevering in our meetings and in all good wojks and the Loidjvill bless ns ,, - Stake-of.;Zio- P"- - i. ' 'Our: Primaries."-iarc in 'tbii have order. good working "emigrated They th&aiftli child Almond family, one with the last company of Saints, "two (jiftthe cldl- - drgn-las- t yearand tKo the year before. The children seem to take great ;'m giving five or ten cents a year for bringing the little oncs from a land of joyeriyJto; a .and of 'r phtn- - , !- 111 all the civilized world accept as their guide' and standard of salvation. ".' ornament at all? Yea, indeed. Around the bottom hem, at the wrists, and at the throat, there was&; narrow ngureu uoruer 01 ;mue, beautiful' in- design ..arid in color, which gave the dress a periVct finish, and was attractive ' 'in itself without being at all obstrusive. Over a rnieiitfa short, light this dreSs and sleevelS3 falling to the the saiiie'niaterial, costume might have been worn by lii a Greek womau Jbjr Aspasiai herself, to the der she-wor- EXPONENT President of the Readdressed lief Society of Box Elder Stake, next, n listen-i- n. the meeting. Expressed her pleasure, Eliza also to the wise counsels of bister ladies; hoped tothe resolutions of the young for light and intelthey would be carried out, to gain and the more ligence is what we want w? cultivate the spirit of unity the greater wdl our youth is the be our power, for now in and time to improve, so as to become great lovely Deseret" Prayer by Sister Ann AVheeler. Singing, "Don't kill the little birds." Roll called, showing an attendmembers. Minutes of previ- ance of thirty-fivous meeting read and .iccepted. Next in order came the song3 and recitations, etc., by the members of the association, which were yery gooilr Prest. Davies followed in short remarks, exhorting the children and thanking thera for thtir good behavior and for being so punctual with their part of the programme. Sister Bathsheba Smith occupied a short time; said she was pleased to see so many present and such good order; told the children to l... ,,r..vrrfMl nnd kpon out of bad comoany. tj,3 r,ncr u Wrd-- ff WisdomrHvasunET uy members oi the association, xoiioweuuy A. Wheeler, r Mary Rawlins and Sister Ann Wheeler.aftcr which Sister Davies said t here had been a quilt made by the association ami donated to the Hospital. next Meeting adjourned till 2 o'clock the " Salurday? . Singing, "Joseph, SmithV first Benediction ny iro. joo eisu. prayc: t 'SrrjgingTn e Si-te- y. President, Emily E. Brixton, Secretary. Elizaretii Davies, INVESTIGATING 3IORMONISM. The remarkable growth of Mormonism in Utah and other parts of the United State, and the efforts made by the ablest statesmen to check the growth of polygamy, has brought the tho Mormon problem so prominently beforeMorof the original minds that an investigation men will be scientific mon Bible manuscript ly manu-ccripThis l ad, commencing next Monday. which is declared to be the translation metal of some heiroglvphics inscribed upon soil Ontario of in the plates, whose hiding place to revealed Joseph bmitn Co N Y had been 'an angel of the Iord, is in the possessign by V 