WOM AN ' H24 V 0 N EN T . r m a tter ho i ntelllgen1 nrtlFTffa woiasQ rnght be, a propt rty owner , a widow or ft wl.'e, if the bad eui tax ever at ar.y time in her "life lived with a man who had at any time in his life been In. the practice of plural rnarrhg', she was by that t xclad-e- d from the polls. Is tot thjs stretching the thread of the law. to. lis utmost tension? Yet in : enlh EXONEiNTt THE WOMAN'S EX S No- - esa from. Go-J- , 'they bedsp'ssd for thi.-- ' Ia It not honorAbk? Have not martyrs atd Jierces in oil. ages cf fho " world dons tho Fame thlnj,? Why are "Mor- -. nions" do?pis;'"d and hated became they are zeal. ou3 and read v to make sacrifices for their religion, whilo others who have taken the same c we sre held up as patterns of z?al sn 1 MdelU ty to r noble caurf? 'There la a largo clas of women who are v.crK ? i p-er- E5IHEMXE n. Editor. EUS, In "Salt Lako Terms: One copy one year, 2. 00; one copy $L00 Ten 'oples for the price of nine. rates: Each B oars, ten Ilm s of nonpareil . l'uiEfced Bcrctl-monthl- . -- City, Utah six months Advertising . " space, one iTCJXXl3-jo- thiaDepuntrT"315 ' wtjti The fame wiio v. ere known to Le ic-e t r tnij ToweiTto mV-n- , or similar, with and this -- . rccnlar advertisers. ; Kxpovbnt Oflice, ia trick building noritb of Z. C. M. I., East Temple Street. Business honrs from 10 a. m. to 5 p. in. every eucpt Sanday.. ' , d-iy- Address - evil , to :. s business-cdnmrmieation- Publisher Womas's Expohsjit, Salt Lake City Utah. J SALT LAKE OfTY, JANUARY V .' KUFFUAGE IN UTAH, W The : '(lacsf- in Senator . Edmunds biU, aboihrh- fnrf.h de rf?rT4ii in TTtrtb . !a rlllnf and will bring nunciation and Eevere critici-ru- . down, upon his davbttd Lead the indignation of all goad euflragiats. Whether the f?ct is understood arid appreciated or ;ncf, . weman tuflrage A :ni,r.v;Uhmir, nni DCena SiicC30fl in I .a h to women have tha po)l; and gone exception as have own voted their they judgment dictated; in xs.'Anriho 'and the women finr ukici I I t tr nt cviJi!:i'.ui;ij I the "Latter-da- of thrown eliongof ialons of ; i IT . imj.t-fl?JLil.UliU- j r.u. Sa'nts havs as y as the women of ed3t 1 ln t.. IU 11... lilt? tUJl- - h h by and bye becoming a power in the .land-a- nd that power will ba an overwhelming for ca, aud a cxaruple p!?clic3lly carded oat I y the of consistency Utah Co mm hsl.u . frerftD' thmthau " .'All 38 Btohe Blsckwcil has wii ten at ;' Kine of the leiigtU upon luljtct ;dis'r?.nchifciEgJpr. n in jiian-waa- u J in. 13 jf Ion. After goirg cvt r the ground and telling what she heard in U taiaJ get luiu-- : me', and 83 forth, he. vt-r- adroitly sums up the whole matter I y fsy'ng, The two quesiicrs which sugt'si themselvt.v in regard tj th's ''ore ' 15, 1884 . . . '' fub-heh- ,U- seems inclined to do now. (ucxBP. is The time hss come when woman's laws for Ihe .fipppre3?ion pf Ticeand crime. "A re tbf y not an interested part) ? It is not alone I fiuf.fi orm-iutaxation anu a oeeire to scehq i if wltirtheir hljsbarTdTand brothers, but it racst good feature" ofSnator Edmund's bill, is for the better pr utclion 01 trio nome, ins v. i. ia ro hi ft umiiti ii of all iruod irovernmeat that women there fere, are first, the juitic tf and Etcmdiy, where ii the ua? are asking and Intel ceding' fo r political rights. Tins phrae'1. "foremost nocd featureia from It is a broad and a momentous question. the Eoston Herald, a very popular japer and" Moit sincerely d wo apprtcia.te the noble' ' 11 bland taktn by the women of New York,"wto ably edited, bat Of po;ed to v.'oirau el; rage. The Herald had saidJMenah rEdrnuud's new tpjkeia w'efenso of our right bf franchise,; and feabill anti polygamy contain several good we know that evciy woman Who has voted in tures," foremostamong wijich sacred boon will 'provision and felt the privilege jjtah - abolishingwOman tullrage in Utah. This right join with uz in thanking theso intelligent ladie3 Morns-ens of the pltfve3 aud dwpeg of tha has for msnifesting an interest in our cause. proved a bulwark of defense for po'ygamy, and Thera are several ladies who have tpckeii put be withdrawn." HliclyT;n olIFliTTeUiou in times past'-m tho halls cTTal a and dlsfauca .calJ t!;e I'eppfcretantT" of Congress and before Committees, who dewomen who bsve helped to lay the foundation serve to be f.,?tlifuliy remembered by the Morof this Territory dufts and slave?. It is ea?y mon people,' and to havo their r;ames recorded is calling names, but it fail? foTthTirurage aid fearleeene?3 in airing an ut i wombn pioneers were me t cf popular cause, and one. which they knew would them frcxa tli8 Eastern Elites. They were bring cen3urotipon them. Eoremost amarg women of Intelligence &n 'endurar.ee, with thcHo noble audgrand women are Mrs. Sara Ans fo.emoih-erecruug rtNg'uua cuuvl.ciloas iie their drews Bpancer, Mr.- Belva A. Lock wo d, of and fathers, the Pilgrims. "Their religion Washington, and Miss Matilda lllndmau, of was dearer to them than' their lives, for many Pennsylvania, and 'Mrs. Elizabeth Lisle Saxcr, died, and those who lived, lived as it were iy of New Orleans. faith. Privation and hardship, poverty and toil Perchanca we hav& some friends still, and if were their dally companion. Yet through all, not we know in whom to trust, and in the fu the implicit confidence In G:d that Ho would -turo as in the past, we will lock to Him for probe the God of Israel In the latter Z3 in the fortection who will not let a sparrow fall without mer times supported them while parsing through Hia notice. Think of H, ye wise men and great, the modt Eevere ordeal. It wa given to the and consider well tho policy you would adopt Mormon peopleJDenupjLJiligrert cou u try, towardla paopla whose pronouncjl religious thiy had the'nervo to tn Jure it beesusa they principles has cau3e J the world. to' hate them. were driven - jl . ia-th- " f -- htr 8entitaTTrRirVenrnrsli 4Vhy-- t c u 'd t roi r l. tll.fii Luoi j1. Bucaf ' women aspjirciiii i'i.ii?rmon i ) ? - i cult to understand It would Btemallstiflicient for him to propose general, special-advers- e leg- - t make specific legislation fSr. He must look i au womarifiuffi-ac&3 a vcwer, or wijtffcoL7i J q wish to abolish 1 ; if it U a positive power then in the han'.s of the intelligent and wise it may le a power for good, and -if so then the na- ,i ii. i;" ucfcuo ii, iurj uju necessity ci powerim i .;f ncie3 or positive good seems at the presei.t t ma to be imperatively essential. There is hitlo doubt of aitfYajo in tha hands of women ilectiug a general reformation in the morsb of tocioty. Women are not likely to vole for men v ho will license Wcrowing- eviln in th- w mi.ht VI I e great cities of the woil J. The Ladies of the Woman HellYage State Ex-alive Committee of Nev Yorfcy who are as cLverPnd as shrewd acy women in tho v. havo Ihoir entered yrJd, protest, by "Uenounc-- i :g Senator Eimund'a proposition for the dis-- i: tuchifceraent of the women of Utah cs a gross to the and to polyga-coi- n is nn4 laixicn, punishment with ( iii trial of thoaa W'h.Ti believe in polgamy. xoiu euivjrd anq representatives are Vlcd upon to reu?t the proijositiguJlzi tatss vjti 'm ia Jeei been fearlees in iM JSfpra'iia.: fcr tho o who bdieve in this prln ( i?!e which bar bren to much legislated Pgainet- i iy is s) uupopvilir. It is quite to.h' :.r of sny rno thcso Mor-- : :8yirg"'"...'i.i luons wh'j arts' t;fc!.Tir iii.'frnr' '.' '." tt i&l.' o ,- -n - c non-poJgamJ- st -- , h0 txr-xo- ii-- " ' in Utah who know how Tnere-ji-o'j'-cpJt.- rubn jnregard todiifranr ch i.ieuvt ; t? i y. vfwy fnct that t;o rrj'h to tho eiiiM ?:h y r. -- ;?tered iicluied applied ("in the fttiiase it UtiJ.t,')uj,v,-- i tnt it was i . rJ!u'y cpleof ph.rs.il marilR., and allowing the most vib 6ud whether man" or woman, di-Ppu- t.v.!t.( t e privit;-- rirmou othe womt-- n cWctivs frutKhfge, which have held R3 a 'acred baon giw The-Mcrmo- n 1 ' nts-te. into these rcnuntUn fast- actually And it was aba a fulfillment of prjph-try- EDITORIAL NOTES- - . But Jo return to the subject of the franchiser" Women in aJinoat every part of the civilized, wcrld are agitating this question, and it is but a watter of time, for woman's star hai ri?tn and tho brilliancy of it? liht is peering into dark places and illuminating the darknets of centu-rios. Whtn women combine tcgeVher - with great tenacity of purpji o it will bo" Strang in' deed if they do not succeed in their undertakinAs the poet fiajs, g-'. y ' - Mormon women are no exception to thlgener- al rule. They ara as positive and strong willed &3 other women. Principle control thra. They have e poure i a faith, a doctrine, ad they maintain it and sustia it with as much fervor find devotion a3 do "Mormon" men. , are rs Jealous of their rights as any other They class cf women on the face cf the earth, but they are also ready and willing to make aacri." -- rices cf self upon the altar of their faith. Should Hall, Monday," January I4tb.; nearly all the After some pfeliminary cer members pro3e-nt- . emonies the necseeary efflcers weie elected, Hon. chosen President of tho Coun W. W. Clufl-wa? ci!; C. W.. Stayner, cief clerk; Hon. James Sharp, Speaker of tho House; and Junius F. Wellschief clerk. The oath of offlca was ad. ministered by Secretary Thomas. On Tuesday morning, Jan. 15, a joint session of both Houses of, the JLegislatnre convene! and His Excellency, Governor Murray, as ia- Iroducal by Hon. W. W. CluflT, and delivered his message to the Legislative Assembly. "Where is the man who has the tact aud skill To stem the current of a woman's will? For when the will she will you may depend on't, And when she won't she won't, and there's an end on't." The Utah Legislature convened in the City -- SIGNS OE THE EAST DAYS. Hark ominous ! Bounds come from afar asters by eea and by land. tcrnadoes osionswars Dis- ! Shipwrecks earthquakes flreE bloodehedmurder most cy-clou- expl- horrlblc-fuicide- ea t of all secret combinations, accidents nation klndp, sgaimt nation, husbands killing their wives, mothers killing their children, brother against brother, slcknesa anddeatlifitalktng-throug- h the land. Surely the word of the Lord U being fulfilled in tho last days, end His J tegmenta are going forth open the whole face of 