1 V T 1 .11 ,. The Eights of the Women t III - - tl of SALT ; 'LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY ' i BOLILOfyY.:.:.: .. , ' Thou dear, dumb friend ! thon dost "deserve" Rnnie words in cfatltudc to tbeo "tor 'alt tU&t thou hast been to me; ' A kindly ser rant made to serve. one-eveni- : ' Whoa Avrary.wjLh tho toils of day ,r Thliifl dpe-- arms I ever eye, me!".' "CcBio.to to seem wbl?per, ..That ' And I the loving call obey." -- '. - : ,. :, '. ' ; - " 9 -- . Thai "Dial j'ard:' Oh! how my thought out o'er every inch of ground; grand around Tho homo with birds and bantams fraught. Goes -- , '' ' Uld chair! tho tianeit of the plains; , we journey made togethcrjj ?" Jii sunshine and ln gloomy weather,: , In 6nmmcr draughts land drenching rains. Y-s- . tht Bat years have rolled, and brought ns up To eighteen hiin lred fcighty-fouWe've plodded on', if slow, yet sure Together we must drain tha cup Tho mingled cup of oartbly time, I.ut to each other let's be true; No grander chair. J choose than you,: And still within thine arms recline.' - , ? - ' " ' It. may be I may pass away "Iyohd thV gates" from out thine arm, Ti;is thqnght, for me, h. swretctt charms, ' ' ' If 'heart distant be the day. j. . llAN.v-i- , May . ' ' a , . salIt-meim37foTite1i7wh- o : house-keeper- s. , 1 ad - - ' , r; . , ; ts ' . - Aod 'Vrrnwood hillV how oft we climtd Us wooded tides its tauteons crown thowerc 1 down, WhHe somo'thc-bcechVu"1 " And. others on tli Bward reclined:; " ' , , ; . Lord's words are to be verifiel, for He has said His people would be a tried people; they should be hated by all nations, driven and persecuted. Still He has said, "Blessed are. you when men shall revile you, and persecute you for my sake." The Lord in these last days has seen fit to restore His Priesthood to the earth through His servant; Joseph Smith, and we nrft- - hnnnv raiments ci me samtvow-i- t stands us in"Iiaud to be.alive to the duties de volving upon us, and not swerve to the right nor to the left) but struggle nobly on to the AVhat. does great end it L3 our aim to reach. it matter to us if we are up to the line of our duties if our, enemies do bowl? We fear them notour minds can be at rest, we know (not believe) the Lord will'protect us; the devil and his imps have a. mission to perform, and they linWhnt afhcrf time to do it in. it therefore . , p It appears by he signs of the times that the, ' them and spoke sneeringly o them, they were their superiors mentally. But I think, too, like'. i Carlyle's Sandy AlcIhcatsontha an nerer be made to understand thi3 solemn fact, andthat's where the shoo pinches (oh; ; ; .; ; v excuse the slang). these what tell to like But I'd just people the term, ;literary woman,? .mea.ns, in Utah, at least. It means a woman who has read a little and don't give herself up to such supersti-- . tiou3 folly; as giving fried mice to children with the whooping cough, and who struggles brave- - ,, m as ly against broken looking glasses and. over "' hebiMybiin-t- o g liome-ne was ; ,areturned naving possible, and it looks as thougn It makers and not merely but little trouble to get plenty to work for him means women who have worked early- and late for little wages and board themselves; they know not the trouble they are bringing upon ' for the little information they have gathered; with ami over full whoe are and their own heads ! How plainly the Lord pressed days shows He is 110 respector of persons, for lie the large measure of usefulness find labors, It commands His servants to go preach the Gosmeans women who strive to copy the grand exand ample of Sister Eliza ly Snow Smith, the wopel to everv nation, kindred, tongue the peolast His if at man who for over fifty long years; ever since ple. .Is it then any fault of be burned?." she joined this Church has washed her apparel, day they will be as stumble, ad have inmade and mended her clothes, for many years Thoy willfiud when it is too late they arc has done all her own house work unaided, and jured themselves and no one else. They destrucdoes so now; has walked silently and nobly only preparing themselves for speedy tion ; for 'S'engeanxLeJijmnedTillepay among the people night and day,.C3 Trywhich" saith the Lord, and He gives us very comfort-in- ing aloft the.bnght caudle of intelligence words in Hebrews xiii, G; there Ho says, "shone in vision 'at" .hergirlisir bedside has read, "fwill never forsake thee." . Then .wake, 0 studied, written, edited and sang some of the in the kingnations, awake from the slumber of greatest and most enduring thing3 death ero it be too rate; arouse yourselves from dom; who is in every sense of the word, a "lithousethe great jeth argy yon have fallen into, ere erary woman," ami is, too, a marvelous - the vengeance of God WmTuTp6n you. Oh, ye keeper, exquisitely neat in. every thing, and a ministers of modern Christendom, ye enemies mot her to thousands of Israel's daughters and of new revelation ! how can ye escape damnachildren. " The term includes women who mind their people tion? How many good," honest-heartecraftiness time deceived to cunning have have by your pick up' vmTlyasiness, and never you ' How many millions to over ,the and run and hypocrisies. neighbor's lying the)r bonnet, would have called on. God in faith for revelahouse to tell and be told everybody's .bueincss, and to say anything but their prayers. It tions, prophecies, visions, and the ministry of means women who are first Tn thejjreat march angels, and received thdsex.preciou3 blessings, are who Women had it'not been for' the wicked and of improvement and reform. errors which you have mstUJed in their their husband's mates and helpersmot servant's themTthat theso thirig3 were -- ears and dependents. Women who love Mormon-isand done awav. Repent, therefore, of for its grandeur and purity, because they this ereat wickedness, and be baptised for the know, its sublime worth. :It means women unTMniceimi of vnur sins and vou shall receivemarried, that, know t(?o, Well the value of time the sift of the Holy Ghost, which ; shall give to waste it on paltry hovels and paint and shall show you you visions and revelations, and bangs, but. that elevate their.own beings; lifting do this the the highest things to come; and except you "ujftheir' associates insensibly to women" who wratli and iudignation of that being against and noblest of aims. It means whom yon have labored shall speedily overlook with contempt on the readers1 of Ledgers, ' Fireside Companions, take you, and you shall perish from off the Saturday 'Nights-and- ;! earth. ."liepent, tJierefore, quickly that gou may but who earnestly strive to induce a taste for J- - v' "V, : find mercy.",, that which is pure ami ennobling. And, oh, it means women' with oceans of to faults, but with a steadfati determination There is not a moment without some daty. overeome as fast as may be, humbly- silently '" ' Cicero. themin the stumblingblocks and prayerfullly, . Ignoring flJl nf slh' or groan. I note the sunny ppots alone, The plats wh?re early flowers spring;?;;;'' The primrose and the violet ring, atiO the cowslip's home. TUd lung-cu. ' . , loved ones gone, ; I visit haunts of early home;. ;v;; . most but alone, At times in crowds, I min2ro.wltt1.th i of Society (Tike myself) have always known that while their associates looked down upon . s MEDITATIONS. . '.. ... down. . is 'g You must know these Pariah the truth ; - arms; I close mine ifycs; uto rcccdi"-Tniifpacc! The world remembered place, in.50.me Away ."Vherc aught of 6orrow. it deiics.' I fold my ng . "'V Kcdinin-- ; In tho?e faithful arma '' '"' thptiseerac6t,to have wonderous power me up for ono brief hour i ; '. To To 'realms of tbonghtytbsorblhg charm. - .tha-ehink- ' : ''.' selves;1f,n)Gans women who often have no time with' a to crochet tidies or scour out tooth brush, but' who always have time to cheer fully assist husband or child; it means women with hearts, brains and wills; but, oh graciou?, it can never mean lazy women. : hands and eyes, exclaini energetically, "Thank; : : heaven ""we are not literary," A number of persons were speaking about a young girl Svh6 was shortly to be married. Some one asked a question about u0h, her, to which an ignorant woman-replied- , she is ever, so" industrious ' and smat, sews and; C Joks, isn't a bit-lit- e rary, is a good housckecp-er- ; and in fact, you know, she's just the kind of a woman for a good wife." Humph ! I was not, to 'blame if my lip went up and my' eyelids TO MY ROCKING C'TIAIK. No. 24. 1881 , vy, and as they raise their v lcoJirepi)t' and V . - '. : !5 ' . d - T. King. th, W34.'. ; TlOMESrUN TALK. ! LJTEIUK Y soul-destroyi- WOilEN. Yes, ray dear niailatie literary women are, possessed of a;? much gensibilifcy as yourself. : Their feeling? are quite as easily ruffled as your" ' " own. .Strange, isn'tltf I smile sometimes when 'I compare tho3(f poor, :offen'd rog 'trcitures' called literary women in oil f 'smaller towns' and ' settlements 'to thS . deeply dyed;bliie,s of the pastern and liddle-Sfates' , Perliaps1 the literary wonieh of'our towns .never, soared higher ,than l)ickens.or Ilobbie Burns; but if. ghe.; fy&i there lis some-- , thing higher and better than Sluige' and ."Sttobino andShadow!i along .wiihraok Lcsl's and Godey.' 'Magazine and ;Wsrit9,-afor our bright little Exponent, behold her tainted with "a pitiful - ; - - - r m re-npnl- ed by-tell- ing - ( ; , . 