'vaviky -- lier oflriL ?peHat requesfrgTvn away by h o yjijth;Aad, Tnt, n w 'omTyy:lynri" t.:all rcldtioh. - ThUHuiseryative ladv lit tle r:rr. '.. Vi . '.' J itiJ. ' ' ' , v:.. ' u.i.:.SJ, V.iCl. ruirv i k:::cw:tlut her s. . iuivvaticn, the giving hcr 'ather or nearest :m:ne' relation signifying, at its origin, ihe making over to the husland ....3 .'KU ...;., .i.vl tiil l VV.!Hi,U :'MJHihidx S:::i:h ..put; ikvtKtwPr MorraciLiLiii h;U ;m zuzel of." Go J. came do vv'n - ihua;--' hoavt-- mi-la id', bill re heir evos .the plates thru bore the character of which the manuscript is saM to be -a- translated. The'inrcstiatiaiili-beiiuProf,- Clark -- EnmVnriornHi appointed for of the Richthe occasion are C1. J. T. mond Cqneemit(irinrr:Ktha.n All.ei),' of the Lexington' Observer, and Mr. Harrison, of the Richmond Jtemoerut: One of the principal - witnesses to appear before the Examining Board is Maj. J. II. Gilbert, of Palmyra, N. Y. , rHe i.s set t lie type fo&tkciirst Mormon Bible. The points to bo considered arc; i. Is the manuscript in Whitmer's hands the manttscijjU Mgj.J 2. Is the t ingjyOliellSioirof Mormon? manuscript punctuated and capitalized, and to what extent? .3. Are the errors in grammar and composition that arc in the first edition of the Book oOIormon found-i- n tliejnanuscript? "Has the manuscript been changed since it left the hands of Oliver Cowdcrv, and to what . extent and by.whom? There have been several theories advanced by persons ivho are not Uh-e-Sfer monf ait h astm I'leflgin of this Bible. The most plaiisibe one, however, and ' the one most generally accepted, is that the Book of Mormon was written by Rev. Solomon Spaulding, a graduate of Dartmouth College, who was in. the habit of using his leisure ours ia, the. compilation of speculative and historical romance relating to the origin of the races which were former inhabitants of this The manuscript of one of these stories globe.is said to have been stolen by Sidney liigdon. After the publication of these scriptures by Smith an attempt wa3 made by the daughters -- of Spaulding to expose the fraud, but success did not crown their efforts. The original book, as published by Smith, did not sanction polygamy, but he is said to have received arevela- tion in 1343 wbiclii authorized each "saint" to : take several wives. The examination ot the manuscript will occupy ten days or two wecks,-anthe decision of the judges will probably stt at rest any further discussion of the ques, tlic-piintcr-w- ho -of- - : " d tion. Globe Democrat. Paul, and Superior" of the Military Hospital (if Marseilles, has been' raised to this rank., .Mdme.jle St. Julien has served in hospitals for .thirty years, and devoted herself- to cholera patients in 1865 and during the recent epidemic, A gold medal has bien granted by the Government tor the same reason to Mme Maig-no(Sceur Stephanie),who belongs to the same hospital. There are at present seventeen worn m i n Fran ce wl o' have recei ved. the d is ti n of the Order of the Legion of Honourof whoraMduie. St. Julien is the last. The Order is mostly given for devotion to the sick and wounded; Lady Pi got t, for instance, besides several French women," has received the order-aa reward for her services to the wounded in the Franco-Germawir. But the name of Iioa lhnheur 'artiste peintrc, k also in the list, and we are told that Mdme. Abjcot wasde"cora--- . 0f 416iefcnniTTg7he Oison, her husband, ogainst."armcd men,'' and that Mdme. Regis, who is the first decorated Frenchwoman, earned her distinction in 1849 for "resisting the mob." Ex; - n c-ti- ou ; No cloud can overshadow a true christian, mt Ins faitk will discern a rainbow' in it. : BUwp Thome. '. T()UrUSTd, with strt-- engtavhijf 1 (jeortje A. Smith and Lon-n.Snow, .1.50 bound in cloth, 1.25, lu morocco, -- -- '. . . . 1 ' Mrs. Eva Liickes, matron of the London Hospital, has gathered into a volume her series . of "Lectures an General Nursing," delivered by her to the probationers of tlie London Hos--pitNurses' Training School. They embrace, as might be expected, much instruction of a kind particularly adapted to tlie to whom the lectures were addressed. Their range, however, is very wide; and few who are interested.' in th6 subject can fail to learn something of practical value at the hands of. thi competent al -- . When the Ladles of Utah can procure an article of 'Smerit whtch is macfe here in our midst is It not their At a it trial? to least :.dutyEspecially sogive when it co'-t-s no more than foreign entire satisfaction. gooil, ami Is guarantee! to ofgive 'Salt.Lake City aro now MOTS' SMITH ,1 f Kj.1 engaged in the manufacture And introduction ot tne " ; "Way Up" Baking Powder. t he of.goo'l faith tiiey agree to refund e in sold which docs not giver As jnotjey for 'every, Complete Satisfaction. Ask your grocer t'r "WAY UPi" and accept no other. If yourgroceryinau docs not have it tell him to; write to SMITH r.o PH sojuIj & salt -- CASE, lake "city7utaii E.STA BI,LSTI KI) OCTOBER, 186S. M s SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF RkiII EHllfx .'i UtlUULIlUL HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IMPLE' Conversation is the daughter of reasoning, the mother of knowledge, the breath of the soul, the commerce of hearts, the bond of friendship, and the nourishment of content. PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GUADE3 AND NEWEST DESIGNS. "He that hath pity on another man's sorrow' shall befireefrom it himself; and he that and scorneth the misery of another, shall at one time or another fall into the same , , gulf." We carry a hrgcr and more I" Stock than any house m ihe wear. go-ul- . " JAMES On October 2ord, Miss Emma Jane Morgan, ZiJiP?.?! Sc CO., CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS for UMSRYS celebrated LIFTand PUMIVS. Pumps Repaired .m shon nulice. Orders lrim the country promptly responded to. " fS-Lliisz- H. J : , complete 8. ELDREDCE, Supt JOZ2, Ecx 306, trieLiei AT TEASDEUS Speciallto - It is with a fi clin of regret that I write to acquaint', the readers of the PLxponknt of the death of ourfister, ltebecca Jane Hall, who died at Enterprise, Morgan Co.. NovemlK'r 2:2nd, ISSi; of remittent fever. Deceased was the mother of ecven children, six of whom are living; the yonr.gcst two weeks and (onr days old. She, was a member and the Treasurer of the relief Society, also Counselor in the Trimary Association and a aseful mmljcr of our community. She was a faithful wife, a loving mother and a trne .friend, and wo deeply feci her loss. Though her pathJ-way has been strewn with" thorns she has won the victoryand has gone to' rest. Friends ivill miss her, but a bright future is before them at the resurrection morn. Amelia Ckoft. s,- ' ' MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, . OBITUABY- r- The Bill was brought in and read a ' first time. Ex. i Heatherland, Crumwear, Pembrokeshire (die Sister of Dr. Francis Hpggan) was mar-- " 7ied,ln IHe little village church in which for nearly half a century her forefathers have worshipped, to 'llev. Thomas Jones. The bride "$1.00, The three intentions of poetry: Increase of , increase of understanding, and increase of happiness. Catlierall. As the: mind must govern the hands, ho in society the man of intelligence must direct the man of labor. Dr. Johnson. . Ex. " copy " n On Monday, November 10th, Mr. Woodall obtained leave to bring in a Bill forQQji&rxmg Histruc'tress. c.t -- : s - s i-la- and 2, in: : j, coniaining tcei mgravuig of the. author, bound la muroceo, 1.25 CDKKFl'C )N1)ENCK OF PA IXSTINE . chy' de-lightet- NOTES AND NEWS. women. 1 . rAtn1rgT Child.-- ::VQ,Km,-0wK- Nof. ' pushed ? ' i QOKpV ELIZFR. SNOWr riUMAHY SKKAKKK, was prescripHye right in the father; o: the girl, and the buying of vvhicb, by the" future husband, furni;htd a sum of money, which eventually was appointed as; ' ' the dowry of the bride. Ex. Another lady, Nil me. d e St. Julien, S a perior o fiX h e Fil les d e 1 a Ch ari t e d e S t. V i n cen t d e , r a most radical away of tiie Iiridei by" involved rcouet, ' CilT USlCII7. Will be found the latest styles and ptoduetions : in LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, ' And an elegant assortmenf of X)E"Z" G-OOD- S; Special department Shoes. ami isses' , 112, 111,1 110, 118 fant's -In- Fast Tcmjle Sired. Auerbach & Bro. A Full and Complete Stock of MILLINER Yf Sprin? and Summer Gowk AND LADIES DR ESTt R lM K I S GS. CALL AND EXAMINE. , 