A0- - OMAN' W , "And Williams was recite4"in aa 'aMrmsnner by her Httle daughter Gertie in behalf' of the Primary. Some pretty aild useful presents were then giv- to Sister Barber from .the Relief Society and Prima rA'ictiflSevfiral o ther Prim- ' nry Associations joined with them in testifying of their love and respect for her. Prest. Barber replied in an. appreciative and feeling speech, thanking thii. .sLstm' and the children for their ood feelings 'expressed or her. All passed ofl' pleasantly, and the fclsters feel well and united.. ' , Wishing the Exponent success in. disseminating the truthand in showing to the world that the jvonicn of Utah are able to take care "C?JSV I remain, sister and your ' J. iniIMAltrrE-AKKITrNTos.l3n- - . Ob, happy thought! we, too, may gain ; The presence of our God : If we, by strict obedience hem, ' Hold fast the iron. rod. ' jin rt : . . i.-,. .. X " ' - - ' our machl.bloved.-siste'ranF. Hanson, ."death the-ridcBiW- '-a C l'Rp irSal t Lake City, Klizat eth has gone and left Tk'rJ right example, here, And those who kiicw her faithful life . "Will hold her memory dear. " J iMF(ii;'n:i:.s and .jojJBKit-- m on mm, temm HKAVV ANu HHEi.if J i AiiDWAiiKj GLAiSS AND QUllENSW'AKE, - llPI.E- - AGR I (J ULTUIl Ali "TOO. L.S ASD Jhe. ,eyejairjofJ!i1v',4t.b, England.' mm, ; CLOTH AM) CLOTiliXG, J'UilE URL'Gi AJsD CTIEM'iCA'LS, CAUPETH AND aVALE PAPERS, ALL '' AND NEWEST GJlADi-Z- DEsIGX. , - r.lwasl OMI'OSfcl) BY hlSTEU II ANN AH COKNA'hY. til d 3 ' VEKSKS - SALT .LAKEXIXYy Utah. Sister'Davis has feen an active and elicieht mem?-eof the visiting committee ofthc adief Society of the 17th Ward for niany year?, always cheerful and willing to perfurin the arduous duties of that oiiice until her health ' broke down about a year ago. r- I visited her frequently during the la't few weeks of her illness, and I think I speak ad visedly whenTsav she was a faithful, consistent saint of Ood. On one occasion she told me that if she could get well ,6heJellJ(a and let earthly matters go; but if she could not, she felt . -of heaven;-feeliT- rg resigned tothe-wi-li tharshe" wuld free from her sqlleringe, and Godwould be merciful to" It is always painful to part with thoce : r ! .7 J 7 , ISSt. after wcajy months of. Piifferinff, Sister Jemima Nightingale Davis. Horn 'November 10th, ISM!, In ford,-Manches- ter; f i -- GONE TO; REST. I'. HANSOX. the-Fatbe- he-Wi- n pr-'sent- IN MEM01UAM: : -- Leu-sprea- ; e lenoe, bf-t- " - t IJesolved, That we cherish her memory and regard her virtues as evr worthy of. emulation in her great energy 'and perseveranee' to the cause of truth. Resolved,' That thegr, resolutions upon the records of the Tounrr Ladies' Associations, also that a to tho bereaved husband and mother coj)y he .alsa th Wima's isvpoNEsTTfor puhlination. ":" Maky J. Bhoc.kiank, Maky J.?.foii:r-- n Committee. ' Floia Boi'.kkt?on, ''seiiii-jiioiulil- wo love. Another bright, precious jewel has been called away from earth, Elizabeth F. Hanson,--wifd-oAbraham J. Hausuu, and daughter of Sophia Smith and the late. John Smith, tied June lf.tb, 18S4. She was horn in' Spanish Fork, TJtah Co., litah,' Feb. 11th, isr,:;. Though none couhl jEjjVLErj spent them any batter than she did. As a daughter and"Y1 oving perse veil n t- r- and --kind - an A would often say to her aged mother, "Mother, you rest ana Jet me work." ; bho was First Counselor to Mary J. Brockbank, Fivsident of the Young Ladies Association, and was always punctual to her duties, and never failed t o perform, any exercise she was. called upon to ier!"orm; hcr liind and .gentle way seemed to win many to tin cause of truth and righteousness, for she was gifted in speaking and. writing; one of her pieces was published in tho Exj'onknt not long ago; many others were just as good that, sly wrote from time to time to strengthen her sisters in good works. She was also a faithful teacher in theabbath'ScLooI. --r' Her departure was suddeu, l'iivg sick but a few days, when-he- r whoVave'i t: purciFpirit rcHi riled" to Doc. and Cov.. page lT. UUh Verse says, ''Tea, and. blessed vc the "dead die in T.ord the from hencetjjat forth, yhen the Lord shall come and" old things 'shall pass away and all things become. new, they shall, rise from the dead and shall not die after, and shall receive an inherit ancii 'before the Lord in the holy city." Sjx.-iMa-l C South .Strci t, . 'Ah and Cth Fast. Attention given to Diseases of the r.fii??tiV.: enn:iM'iur,. v Ai-ve- e - Counselors. : ilice AVard, l.l . y paper shall contain, a synopsis of the in the 14th Ward meetings Assembly J tooms, as they have an i mportan t beari ng u pon tile general work of the Associations.' KtMEMritA-CJ- TC) UQiiiHm B. PRATT,, IO. office :i.v tmi mif k m kuldik Vi a.m. to Twelfth p.ui. I'.esi f rt h t wv t ts ottlro- Ladies1 A?sociati6r,, do deeply sympathize' wit h Tonng the bereaved hnsband, mqth4 and relatlre'in the Iof- of a kind and aJI'ectionate wife, and a loving and JThenifanv-Ba-tt--r- We intend hereafter that each issue of the IN J.OVIXG ' , e 1 KicyiAJiDsoN, 0 ;;-.fi!,- MRS; '. E; to'. j . c'. M. 1; ' if biukliUfT, nV.u iy si'KC'lAL AT TEN i i i.N GIVEN . Mmary 'of Union 'Ward met at time o'clock, June 2nd, 1884. After the usuabex-erciVe.- s were over we - had an exctdlenr pro-gramme, afu r which the children marched to rah been their President for four years, .bu.t.iinc& lhe death of h r .husband' has, been released from tb" pridlhcv uji of her other -responsilu'iitie. The children wished to show t heir appreci ati jif for her kindness while with" them; they sang hymns with man v voices and inade'her heart gladjshe was then presented with the sum of ten dollar. Dinner was pu pared tor alb and the afternoon spent in dancing. Our children are, happy in Well doing. Ann II. Greenwood, President, rl ' We bow to God onr Father's will, And humbly ask that He ; May comfort all her mourning friends That they His band"may see. ioh.s. or uei?ct.'' Whereas, ?hir Heavenly Father has seen I t in Hisnl-wisProvidence to call from .our midst by thVhand of 1TJM A IIY PARTY. T 9". PH YSICIAN and SURGEON - i : ' T i to.uuzx&'Zf.i, etas '' Our sister does not need our tears; She seems to say to all, UP and doing, dea!h may come, .'.. lie ready for his call." - ;r-0tt-y - - JUSHAW. itper ... d MUSIC BOOK for Frimary Hymn Book, FOEALS, by E. 11. Snow, Vol, 1, " Vol. "2, containing steel engraving" of the author, bound in iuoroeco, l.ri.V UORREcJI'ONDKNCK ()F FAl-F.'- i INK v with steel engravings of' ' TOUHIST3, George A. Smith and' Lorenzo Snow, Mm nd in el at.b,-$- l ;'J m oroeoor-"'- " "1.50 . AVith those, who Hke her, kept the "faith ' The Gospel light restored, Having gained the victory over death - Through Jesus Christ ouf Lord. - co-work- ElJZABETil Feb. Smitlifield, 18th, 1884. : BOOKS BY ELIZA R.' SKOW. The love of God within her heart ' all her dnties light, in far happier scenes she'dwclls, And walks in robes of white , - Sort"""-- . " 00:b:c, much' of pain she know, And still was hrm and true.. -- ; L Although her mortal 'life was short, A piece of poetry by Sister Martha cicty. E X F ON E N T . B Btock i" her failings. ; The spirit of peace and quiet brooded over her home. The last time I saw her quite ronscious 5he fervently"'' clasped my hand again and again and bade me good, by for hs life. I asked her is sh "still felt that Father did all things well. She answered, "Yes." I saw hpr for the ' last time siie cxpired. The just a few minutes same quiet was there, though her spirit was trembling between the frail clay that imprisoned it and the. freedom, for wbi,h it yearned. Herniily was around her, and her faithful daughter Jane :soottrd th M,)! dying hrVfor-K)Ion''t-" ther, as she hadxfiiifortedftnd.-4waH- , Her husband and children su?tai::ei an inep.uC r,,e l0S6 fheias-'-gaihelife iu . the 1 -prince God. . .May the Spirit o' G0J comfort and sustain may they lean on His albmighty arm, then wiJI 'they' find a balm for every woc and ? angels will comfort the -lt-for-c A - heart that mourn.'"As a th&ii-iri3rbous- Spe c ; al1 to th e ''..''. Will be. in IiUCinCS, EMEEODEllIES, FAKB. GLOVER TAKASOLS, RIBBQXS, COLLARS, :TIES, LACES; 1 -- - And an eleg.unt ftJortrnejif TDBX-QObDS.:- rlepurtineiit lor Ladie f;uu'. Sh'.t... i ', i t, in;, i mj-ki- j " h-- m, LbviLgly, ' " Xi 1 k ti Full and 'Jomplcte Stock o : MILLINER Si s.se.saiiri YT" : r Qprm antSunmer v "m LADIES CHESS u- - Tmjlc. street. t r . A of... : Sp;-.-i;- and . ; found the Lttesi styles mid pi.odHCtioiis - as friends we deeply svmp Uhize society with - .h r family iu this their great 1,', y t feel thnt li is well, for she passM nway. in the hw? ,( itloriou we, with t wilj rre ft ain if in our lives we are true and faitLfulW w has been jL a d I e si-- AT TEASDEL'S -- h.-.v- e arry' a larger and ioro complete ' In tbe west. 5qJT 'We TRKiSGS. (JAI.L AND KXAMiNK - r: 