WOMAN HELEN AND VIRGINIA. r 'Continued. . ' . - A rlma iucLiuugwiiiuiuguHrvase where the walls are lined with portraits of stately ladies and , gentlemen, who seem to frown down as if thev were insulted at'the au dacious strantrer who dared to intrndp. on their gloomy solitude. With an inquiring: fraze, I from one to the other until the portrait of pass i t i i i -Hiavei- y- giri particuiarj j- - at tract3 myat ten- iie is a monde with light. auburn hair tton, and deep blue eyes, v Her skin is as fair as alabaster; her cheeks like the pale, beauteous rose; AM. E LITTLE; i r- . I'A RT SECOND. - The coals are burning ' just as bright, but ther pretty home and com- ionaoie iamiiy-iiavladed trom view, and I find myself walking up Broadway in. the city ot rJ ew i ork. Men of business are hurrvincr . n n to ana iro as it their lives depended on their movements. Groups of men are standing here and there talkingTonthepnnc1rTaI lopTcof The day, politics. Some are calm and sanguine, The scene changes. e , " . T thersxcited and care wornHerearagged urchin is begging for a penny to buy a morsel There a sweet little girl with blue eyes and flaxen hair but oh, so tangled. As I look at her poor, bare feet and tattered gar- ments she lifts her tiny hands, and, with a beseeching look, says,"Pretty lady, ma is so sick, and I am so hungry " I place a dollar in the poor child's hand and hurry on. llilakkmmypaceforJrJim attracted by th movements of a young girl a little inadvance of me. Her poor feet are peeping through her s torn shoes. a thin shawl around her as if she was cold. The pali face is of bread. SllenLand harmless in their mldatrUnanswering love's caress or word, His ev'ry need and wish supplied;. Basking In sunshine, noting not Flower or stream or flitting bird, 'Twere hard to tell his hidden thought . Yet, ever when the thunders rolled, And lightnings flashed before his eyes, ... They woke his spirit to reply, iThat keener pierced their troubled hearts: , He mocked the lurid skies With muttering wrath and angry darts. " - She-draw- - -- o'er-cast- Their only son, their only hope, Vain seemed their patience and e'en prayer! Yet resignation meekly bore v The cross so strange that God had sent, Waiting the time lie should declare Thn nnmnu that FT Is Ipucnn moo n t Once, stirred by precious truths so sweet To the disheartened, there arose pinched with hunger and her eyes are sunken and glassy. She is scarcely more than a child. She staggers on and mutters, "Rum I rnni I will nobody give me rum to drown these racking thoughts?" A fine, handsome man is coming towards us, dressed in the height of fashion. Although it is nearly dark, I recognize him as one of the leaders of our nation. As he passes with his head erect, the young girl's face turns to an, ashy hue, she gasps for breath, starts forward, and, in a stifled shriekcries'O God, my destroyer !" and falls lifeless to .the earth. I pass on and meet a' degraded wretch with bloated face and bleared eyes; a little fellow is running after him, he takes his father's hand. Thejhild juries mji poor, piping voice," Father, come home; do not spend any more money; Tommy is sick, we have no bread, no fire, and we are so cold and hungry." Gaily caparisoned carriages are passing to and fro filled with ladies and gentlemen dressed in costly attire, going to some fashionable place of amusement. The flaunting cour- tesan and proud libertine pass side by side. Here are houses of business, bowling alleys, saloons, academies of music, lyceums, houses of ill fame, churches, theatres, palatial residences, cottages and hovels. I turn my eyes to the blue vault of heaven, bedecked with myriads of stars, and from them to tli e bril--- : liantly lighted" streets, refulgent with electric ocean with lights In fancy I see its rolling billowsjlsee noble ships loaded with costly merchandise. I see magnificent steamers, sea houses of luxury, for travelers; I listen to the shrill whistle and loud thump-o- f the iron horse as he rushes along over hill and val- ley, by fields of golden grain and waving corn, beiring his precious freight of human souls, some bent on business,some on pleasure,othefs on errands of mercy or, may be, of revenge. And I ihink what a beautiful world this would be . To send the words of truth and peace, Within a missive brief enclosed, Praying they mfght bear swift release To anxious fears within the heart That Lillian lightly, idly prized; In vain for be though noble, pure As man may be, their force withstood; What she so plainly realized Ills reasons never understood. -- "It gives me joy to know your life Is blessed with comfort, happiness-- , That you have reached that goal of faith You sought so earnestly and long, : And would take to your heart no less; ' I know yen would not love what's wrong- - ' DAY-DU- BY ,M. ELIZABETH father's love and care he met With etolldcalm indifference; But, as with nature's instinct, turned In quiet faithfulness to her Whose heart waked to its keenest sense Strove still his feeble mind to stir. I - , A "Take all of happiness that life Can yield or bring; your day has dawned, Bright be 1U zenith, Its decline Ai gentle s your spirit is. ' holy-friendshi- For the one boy, Helen's own child, wnen ievers scourge was spent ana aone, Though rescued, back to life and strength Walked in their midst with blighted; mind; grown as one aiieni, uncnua-UKe- , . Averse to Join with human kind. "And yet, I cannot see with Jon; I know, you seek to bear me bairn. And hope, and strength to light my soul, But still I cannot understand; My soul is weary, yours is calm, Your bark will reach faith's better land. should make a great part of it fit only for k resort for demons. - - As I thus muse oti the beauties of creation and the frailties ot man, I find myself before "a large mansion. I walk up the broad stept and in at the door. Noiseless! thrnnch the hall and up a grand old oaken staircase. Costly imaees of marble and bronze, from their retired niches, gaze mournful! upon me, causing a thrill of gloomy emotions. I pass from Then shall I greet thee, brother, friend With joy, for I have loved thee so Where never end- ?'- 8o like a heaven upon earth The dayajwent on, they scarce had thought T,o count the months, and dally grew These tie of friendship dearer yet; Though one e'er present sorrow brought Daily ita shadow to hemeL ... - if it .were; not for "mv&jLtim&J&mssi?', ."Farewell, till God in His own time Shall 6pcak to thee, then thou wilt know A higher guide than reason's light; "May the brave firmness you hare shown Still bear you on through weal or woe, XndThould you ever need a friend Just send mo word. Be prayerful still. And seek above all things to know, And love, and do our Father's will." Within her own blest room that night iler heart its burden all outpoured: . v The gratitude, the happiness- -Escaped from out man's cruel snare, Through power and mercy of the Lord And still besought HIa holy care. 43 ' Farewell! till in the blest Beyond :X"tVe win J,ha peace that here we miss J Then her heart anBwered:,"Yes, farewell Sweet memories so earthly dar. Have I e'er faltered in the thought Which heaven to choose, the one beyond Or this so pure, so Bure, so near, bo true and fond? - I would a Srteada desire express For your own future. May you find The ZIon that your heart preferred To the great Babylon, behind. - - - ENT--. . "The erenlng passedthe elder rose i'Slitjer TIrglhTa, one last word: ' . v 6N EX V S the-gra- ' nd ; l C'T rorrT lino rVJk oka oli'..k(lrr n 1 veal her pearly teeth, .What innocence and 1 tt, rhihiniro Uf w, JVl " tA. uvuu vj vmt ViU VUUb viinMuuw Kotv query in my mind if the original of this bright .vision is the one treasure of the house a love' ly daughter. As I stand entranced with the ty of the portrait, a sigh falls on my ear so full of woe that I start with horror, thinking it must be some benighted spirit winding its way to the lonely grave. Turning,- I see what seems to be a private door leading to another apartment. L gently push it open and walk in. I find myself in a spacious room, furnished with all the modern luxury of refined life. As : 1X1 A.KJ life-likebea- u- - I treadthe l rick cnrpetit-isli- ke "gliding through beds of roses.' A.. magnificent chandelier of a hundred jets hangs from a frea-co- e ceiling. There is a grand piano, cloied, with the music stiffly placed on one corner, as if the pretty performer was no more. A harp . stands in one corner of the room. The glow- coals in look ing Jhe polished grate inviting to a weary traveler, but they bring no warmth to my chilling limbs. : Fantastic shapes appear to be dancing here and there, and I people the room with shadows of my own making from costly mirrors, and I fancy I am walking through some lonely castle where the spirits of the long ago departed are met to depFore their long banishment from the scenes of their child-- " hood days. Again I hear that sigh, like the slow breaking of a desofate heart. I turn my eyes to whence the sound comes. At a little distance stands a tall, beautiful woman of thirty-fthe counterpart, only matured, of the ive, lovely portrait in the picture gallery. The lady, is dressed in black velvet; a costly fichu' - of white lace, fastened with a diamond brooch, is her only ornament. The unutterable woe of that peerless face causes a thrill of the deepest pity to pass through my sensitive soul. She clasps her hands; she rai3es her tearful eyes to heaven and softly breathes the prayer,0 God, have pity on my child!" Then sinks like a wilted flower to her chair. The low sobs and visible anguish of that tortured breast arouse . my keenest contempt for the being who caused so much suffering. " "iBeyond the Mississippi" will appear in the September number The Stake officers of Y. L. M. I. A. are hereby officially notified to prepare stake reports, carefully, upon .printed blanks, and forward them as early as the loth of Sep., that a complete and satisfactory report may be made to the General Conference in October. Direct the reports to Mrs. E. S. Taylor, P. 0. ' " Box 629, Salt Lake City, Utah: " &emi-annu- al r Louie M. Wells, Secretary Y. L. M. I. A- - -- .. 