W pirate zfepsrataJromeich other, wbicii thejr did not wish to do, ai I learned when ones, in visiting to question them as to whether them,! ventured ' -- they did not think it woold to their feelings lielihprkxdaam&. The first wie answered mc, Baying Oh, no, we could not think of living EeparatV, even, if the to unite -7 themselvesTatid families together and be of one ' heart and mind, our own speculative genius would prompt us to unite our efforts to better secure advantages In making mean?, saving time fey bmorenaial commjdrqtfiMt 7 and lightening pur labors." She was done. I asked her to explain how this to cook a more time Baidr"It Ukes very little maifor ten than it does for five, and in like pro-- " portion is all the general houseworkfor a family decreased when the efforts of thoee to be cared for are united for the accomplishment of it. By esch of us caring for one certain part or division of work at a time, we save a great deal of labor and time; by eating at one table less food is re quired than If we eat at three table?; besides there Is a saving of fuel, as one dwelling is" . warmed with lew weed than it tabes to warm three. We combine three washdays in one with -- Jees JaborantfEoaprthan if we made three of it. We have kept an account of the prccfeds gained by this management,; and from it we have been enabled this year to buy that sewing, machine, besides providing burstlrW and children with many little luxuries that poor men cannot think of furnishing their families. The time gained by this unity of labDr gives U3 an opportunity cf reading many good books which the wivesof poor, laboring men seldom think of taking time to read. "Well' I ventnred again to sey, "since you are aheady united to one man, I sto you are g the wisest plan you csuld to get along. Bus "do you not think you would have been just at well off in the way of means and been moro happy if jou had not entered into tns system but had eD joyed your husband's society by your-- , ; " -- t&k-In- ,wo might have been just batter in the way of mean?, perhaps I I doubt know but I could not have it; though been so hsppy as I am had my husband not taken other wives, for many reasons.'' This good woman gave me many reasons, and plausible ones, to?, why bhe had desired and maintained poJygarny in her hushand's house, two or three of which I wiJl rehearse toyou,aa to mention more of them would be superfluous at this tini3 and make my litter too lengthy. Hhe ' , . taiq: "I was always a timid creature, and during the early years cf my married life,,whenever my husband's duty called him from home, which it frequently did, for a few days, the nights durirg h i b enee - were nig titi ofehep less terror for me. Bein of a social nature, and. having always enjoyed the society tof sisters at home, I pined lor the CDmpanionship of another woman in my own hou3e Further, my first chilJren were cross and fretful, and the care of them wo;e upon my health a great deal. I rightly attributed the Irritableness of their dispositions to the never ending cares whicb,owing toourpe. cuniary circurnstancss, were necessarily heaped upon ms during pregiaocy; since my husband brought his other wives home, we in turn relieve each other from the cares of the household and hard labor during this period of womanhood and we are left to seek only that light labor and diversion thit pleases u.i best at that time; the .result la, the children bornTo uTnow, the other wonen as well as myself, are peaceful, healthy, happy and children, whieh is a fche said, a3 well off, ' good-nature- 7 d more gloriouFb - 'rr ' wealth would be." Ah, I thought, . la this not one of the keys to the mystery as to why the homes of the polygamous Mormons are Ailed with such rosy fa2eJ, Intelligent children a3 arsleaTnowhere elst? Andfhis is a fact that has b?en noticed and CDmmeated upoa by almojt every person " whohas taken a pee p Into the homes of the 7 "Utah pjlyg a mists, and many have wondered that this degrading system, a3 they called it, would produce such cflspring. And now," this "woman ccntiuugd,..'shoald Con gres3 pass, and the government enforce a la upon U3 that would tear my husband's t h en w i li w i ves ajodjchil Jrenf ramJiimflnd-the light and happiness be gone from this house aud from my life entire; for they are ner to ma as my own I was for a time a boarder In this family, and I wish I could have taken you with me there into that home and rho n you the system that ruled there; you A'oLild have learned that the -- idea that you aadr maoy- others hava imbibed that a glimpes merely ink) tiie heart of a polyg- 7 amous household woulj eicken you of wishing to become further miiiattd into its practice1, is "simply a very erroneous idea. At six o'clock' I wind my way to the kitchen, where I find ono of the wives who,' with the'asaistance of the tld esc uaugnier, is preparing, me -- breakfast fcr theTwnty-Twmembersincluding hiied men and boarders. Another wife ia arousing the minor of the family and washing and dressing and making net tho3e of ner children who aro not large enough to attend to this duty themselves. "Her chilJren," you say. Yee, they are all hers this morula. I can see no difference in the c:re that each receives from her hands. Beds are being aired and made, rocms swept acU Ousted, by aaolhtr. All this walk is completed by 7:30, when the bell tcuud?, " which brings every number of this family into the dining room the '"b'sTroom in the houe for prayers and breakfast. The father leads in prayer, a petition t j Gjd for His protection and peace to bo with his family. I Wi3h I could repeat it all to 5011 here. As soon as breakfast is over the busy girls cany out the dishes, and they are soon waihed and the kitchen put in order undar the direction of the The milk is carried to the cellar and the butter looked after by another pilr of busy hand, and at ten o'clock, whioh is their usual hour for rest and reading, we find the work of these families has been done and no one has been obliged to work herself wearj , and each, one is redy to take lip her paper, book or pen lb she.seea flf, for an hour's diversion. Now, I've given you no fancy p'cture, it ia one of real life in Utah, and from it you can tee that polygamy is a benefit to the poor, temporally; And now can you v?onder,asyou say you have done, that the women of Utah cling so tenaciously to this principle of their faith, when they could so easily rid themselves 0? its sighs and -- home" -- sell?" "Well," OMAN'S EXPONENT. to tear down and thro w away tbesh !eld that the "Almighty has prepared for the protection of their race from the awful evils that exist In the nations, and mnst jtiH xUt through a coming age. unleaa. the women"fi& brimcd 'destruction they are " ; ' ' - m tosee-ther?awf- ul standing upon tho verge of. Testimonies" of numbers of the women of Utah of thaitJtfend experience in polygamy have bsen pabllshed In the Exponent, several num- lers of Mhich you liave received and probably, read.'- I feel that It la not necessary to add more -asnry letrer ls already lengthy. Hoping that you may receive what I have written in the spirit it is intenedndJR'ith uq.- " " - . - biased jadgmeht, I am, -- soul-Inspiri- ng house-keepe- burdens? r. ; Realizing, as they do, Its beneficial influence upu their fmilie3,and the strong ties by which unites the membars of a hDusehold, it h not to be wondered at tbat they show themselves as ready to step forward and, if it U neceseary, give up Ubarty, or even life, in defense of it, as the men are. To deprive them of the free exrcle of the principles of their faith, including that of polygamy, is to deprivo them of that wh?eV Jt makes life bright and ecjoyable, and they know it; hence theymeefc with a determined -- reist-aaca every attempt of malicious, designing men to snatch from them these blessings, and thtre by overthrow their happiness. hat to abolish the system of pluralThey'realize marriage U . as ever, your cousin, PATTY SESSIONS. Continued.' " 1 On the 1st day of August Sister Sessions attended the funeral" of Bishop Knight. On the kh went to the Relief Society where they had a very good meeting, and afterwards attended a prayrraeetiug. On the Gth she went with Sister Chase to the Prophet Joseph's aud had: a goot visit; the- - same i ay th e Free 3lasoiis -- vejityithe-rn- v Lyman o rm-mbar-s . ; )right preached, and called for a con-- " tribution to help Bro. George Miller to go to the pine country. 8th, Bro, Joseph and Porter1 Rockwell were made prisoners by the Missoii-rian- s on suspicion; they leave them in the hands of the city marshal 1 and have gone back to Qu incy. The next day sh e feel 3 v ery ran ch cast down., not knowing what the result of the " arrest will be, but she sees the Prophet Joseph and he appears cheerful. At night a guard she speaks of her son Peregrine ;was sent,-an- d being one. 10th, "Bro. Joseph and Porter missing; thV sheriffs" return' - 1 2tli, "Sheriffs here yet." Then she writes she was making shirt3 for Bro. Joseph. Kith, she receives a letter from her, husband, dated July 12th, from the State of Maine. lGth, the sheriffs have gone home. On the 17th she speaks of attending a gister witha still-borchild, and says it was the first case of the kind sho had ever had in more than thfrty years practice. Day after day Sister Sessions,' according to her diary, 'goes out among the sick, and help3 to lay out the dead as well a3 officiating in her calling as a midwife. , On the 29th she rodei out with her son David to see the pottery and steam mill;" says,, too, that she saw the Prophet ride by, going to attend a special conference; this was the first time she had seen him since he was missing, and her heart rejoiced to see him. 31st, she speaks of a visit from Sisters Hyde and John-so- u Sept. 1st she speaks of going to Mr. Marks' and finding Martha and her babe both very sick. On the 4th she speaks of attending meeting, and a letter was read from Bro. Joseph, who had gone away again because the sheriffs were after him. Again and again she she speaks of Mother Smith visiting her arid" cften stopping over n igh t. On the 8 th she went to the funeral of a child, where Sidney Rigdon preached. On the 11th went to meeting, heard two lettersread:from,Bro-Joseph- s Smith. . On the 14th she attended the Relief. Society and afterwards,, went to. a meeting at. Sister Leonards'; Sister Dooty and Other were there, and they had a blessed time. The 24th she speaks of as training Jay, and 7" says Sister Buel was at her house. On Sunday, Oct. 3rd, went to meeting, and Sidney Rigdon preached. - She often speaks of her visits to the sick, and of taking them something to nourish them. On the 5th she went to see n sis-ta- . rs 