W 0 M AN ! - 4o THE BRANCHES THE RELIEF OF - SOCIETY. - - 1 In- quiry relative to duties, practices, privilege, etc., of cjUcers and members of the Relief So- ciety, and being unable to davote sufficient time to answer Individually , we gladly'ceept the privilege extended by Mrs. Wells to respond In general manner through - the columns of the "Should a president of teachers be appointed In each branch?" . Is better for to It small branches not appoint a In tho?e, the teachers should report president In the general meetings, and keep no separate minutes. In every branch the president of the organization virtually presides over the teachers; and presidents of teachers . are needed only In those branches where there is such accumula-tjo- q of work as to render It nf ceEsary to relieve : the presiding board. ... "Should the teachers', minutes ba read in the ; , general meeting?" :;.L. All members who attend meeting should be made "acquainted with and have a- - voice In all business transactions of importance In both department. No "change' has been made" in th is respect, "fa It right for thefels'tera to rsffie?" - We say emphatically, No! Rains Is only a modified name of gamble. President JBrigham Young once said to me, "Tell the slaters not to raffle; If tine mothers ;rtfflei their children will : gamble. Raffling Is gambling. V Borne say, "What shall we do? We have quilts on hand we cannot sell them, and we need the means to", supply; our treasury, which we can obtain by raffling, for the bsnerit of the poor." Bather let the quilts rot on the shelves than adopt the bid adage: "The end will sanctify the means." Ai .Latter-da- y Saints, we cannot afford to sacrifice moral principle to financial gain. Let us investigate the subject Supposing an article, quilt or other property, la put up for raffle: twenty persons donate 25 cen ta each; 'all ' hope to draw the prize, and only oneVwinsV-whilnineteen who have each contributed as much as the successful one, gain- ho tying but disappointment, which Is almost ' certain, to rouse feelings of jealousy to a greater or less t ' - f ; - e extent.. : E IPO NE N Tv '; ' ; ; Why not all donate 25 'cents' each to replenish the treasury, as well as to run, trie chances and , only one succeed? And then by utu.consent donating the article or artfcUa ; iaffiwiibnto' some' charitable purpose, .tn?v P7enti n cause of Jealousy and dissensionthe same amount , will go to the treasury-an- d 'noronVi'byexin pjjejrad no sae'rifle of principle wlil stain their .1 record. . "Should members of the Relief Society go to the Bishops for counsel?" The Belief Scelely Is designed to be a organlzatlon:to relieve the Bishops a wellaa to relieve the poor, to deal with lis members, corrtct abhset, etc; If difficulties ariie between members of a branch which1 they cannot settle between the membera triemselve?, aided by the teacher?, instead of troubling- the Bishop, the matter should be referred to their president hd her counselors. : If the branch board cannot decide , satisfactorily, sin appeal to1; the stake board Is next in order; if that fails to "settle the next step rings' li beore the gn-er- a! question the ' board, from which '.the only, resort is to the Priesthooci; but, If Tpossible, weshpuld relieve the Bishops ins tead of adding to their multitudinous labors. .'; ; v. "Is it necessary for slaters, to be ; - self-govern- ing - sacrerllhimcej pf. washing 91 . - anointing, and laying on of hands in administer-ln- g to the 8'e?" "r-CZrW It certainly is not. . Any and ; all fleers who honor their holy endowment?, not only have the right, but should feel It a duty, whenever ., . - Forgiving to a fault, devoted to her husband's whole family, and revered and honored by; to em, sheVas to all, family and friends, "Ma Smoot." Her character was full of arog- ged simplicity, a proud firmness, and a womanly submisiion toGoJ ahd her husband. ; 1 rinancrwHiclGodf has graciously commit. She was the first President of the 20th Ward tea to HN daughters as well as to His son?; and Relief Society, and when she wnoyed to Pjoyq: we testify that when admin in Ojt., 1872, she .was Eadly missed by her comin Taitn and humlllfy " they are accompanied panions and friends In the city. ' She occupied with the position of President of the Silk Association power. Inasmuch as Goi our Eather has revealed in this Stake, until she felt cbl'ged by her other these eacrad ordinances and committed them to duties to resign. In 1878, whtn the Stake or. His Saint?, it is not only our privilege but our ganizition was completed she was chosen a 3 to Stake President of this (Utah) Stake. With Imperative duty apply them for the relief of human suflerlng. We think we may safely say what bvlng and womanly dignity thousands can testl'y that God has sanctioned she filled this position until her death, only the the adminls tration of, thesa ordinances by our weeping hearts of the alsUr ' throughout thij sisters with the manifestations of His healing 8take can testify. She assisted in the orgahlzaT7 ' " In flaence. . tion of the Y. L. M, L A. and Pimarv Asao-- . ' "What age is most suitable for yoangjidy of-- j ciatlons of this whole S take.'-;-'-. ficere?" ; ; ;v On the 9 th of May, 1833 she was prostrated :. The young should fiil all. official positions in bypara'yais. Her life, which had been so acthe Young Ladies' branch (ward) Associations. tive, so useful, was suddenly closed In the viseNo. matter how unequal they feel to the sltua like grasp of paley, since whkhtlme, thoee to if sufficient whom she has so fondly ministered .during her tion, they passesi energy pfcharac--te- r and the true spirit of the Gospel, trust In lire, have gladly returned a few of her : kind nesses. During the winter ber health seemed jGld, they wjllj sure toucj to improve and she Recovered her speech to a E. R. Sow Smith. Salt Lake City, September 12th., 1SS1. great extent and was able' to ride ,out seme. As eprirjg deepened she teemed to fade away, and about six weeks ago she received another stroke A TOUCHIXG TRIBUTE. Since then she has been confined, to her bed, and has lost the ue of her left side, as well as ilA MOOT. her speech. " Yesterday she seemed brighter, xand was conscious to the last, kiesed every one Yesterdt y (September 1st) at 20 minutes past of the family and friends around her good-by5 o'clock p m., Ma 8moot, passed away from and at 4 o'clock p.m. the room was cleared. earth. She was bjrn on the lGth of April, 1809, Turning over then, when all was still,the brave, in Chester District, South Carolina. Her father to Its earth pure spirit peacefully bade good-by- e was a revolutionary soldier and her grandfather lafcemtde to nd uwd ly eternity. Hunter was an officer of high rank during the we miss we can but feel a deep, AUhoogh her, country struggle for freedom. Her brothers that-onsolemn so nobjy, worthy has gone to joy served an honorable term in the war of 1812. . sure 7 her reward. Homespun. When she was eighteen years pf age she was married to VVm. Atkinson,and a year afterwards a son was born to her. Widowed soon after the RUTH BAYERS. birth of her child, she removedJto Paris, Henry Sister flayers was well known among the early Co., Tenn. Here she heard the sound of the settlers In this city. Tall and erect In figure, a -- Gospel, and was baptised by Warren Parrlsh on countenance itha 5th of Nov. 1831. In Msy, 1837, Bhe went always beaming witlrhu manrklntf to the poor and ever ready to charitable ness, with her chili up to Far West, traveling in EI comfort the disconsolate, she endeared herself ders Sherwood and Bmoot's company. Oa the to her associates. She was a woman of brilliant 11 th of Nov., 1838," she was married to A. O, conversational powers and possessed a ready Smobt," while Far West waa Burrounded and the of valuable information, especially upon fund people made prisoners of war. Driven with the topic of Interest to the Saints. She was neve' body of the Saints from that placs tbey at last tired of relating incidents of her Boston life nor reached Ambrosia, where they were counseled cf dwelling upon Gospel themes and the dsya of to remain. Joseph and Hyrum. She has pissed to her ret t Elder Smwt, during the next two or three and Joined those gone before whem she so yaars, fulfilled thres missions to Tennessee and ere need in life; her record here wa that of a Alabama,; on two of them being . accompanied brave and true Iitter-da- y Saint. We cannot Nau-vo- o, by his wife. The couple had removed to for mourn such deaths ss.hers, it is only stepand. although Elder 8 moat was absent on a one from ping sphere of usefulness to another. mission f the family were there when the awful Rath Dagjet Vo3e Sayera : was b )rn February" . cc- martyrdom of. the . Prophet and Patriarch ' 26, 1803 in Watertown, Mass. Her parents were v. curredt Mark and Sally Vose. She was baptized into When the cry, "Westward, O Zlon,"rang the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y through Israel, Elder Smoot was among the first hBalnts in May, 1832, In the city of Bjston. Dar who were ready to start. He was appointed ing the building of the Klrtland Temple her of CGO captain over 120 wagons, in the company aunt Polly Vope and herself were engaged In up-- t Daniel wagons that followed .the Pioneers. holaterlng in Boston, they both felt it was right Spencer's being the first. Tbey entered Salt and necessary to give liberally towards the erecLake Valley on the 24th of September, 1817. tion of that edifice, and did so to the full exreAmong the first of those noble men who tent of their means, continuing their donations ceived and obeyed the law of celestial marriage until the Prophet Joseph sent wod to them, "It was Elder A. O. Smoot, and as Ma aaid a short is enough." The Elders of the Chorea in trav time before her death "I knew it was right from t ling in the Eastern States were the recipients the first.' 1 went Into it with a wiillpg heart. I of their unbounded liberality. have never doubted it, never fought it. I hav Mr?. 8ayers was married In her youth to Mr. lived it, I sbairdie It."; This is the key to her Edward SsJersX a thoroughly" practical horticulwhole noble character, --Too mortal not to err, turist and fiorist,and though he wag not a mem- she ttrs too ccnsdsntioci to remain in the wrong. St Istered-apdhrecei- v) a'l-might- - S : r Using very frequently receiving letters of .. 9 y eelf-saorifl- cs : . : ' v: . -- "VT a: e, e s. .- ' . ' . -- 