ing obstetrical cases regularly. Very frequently "entries like this: "Kode .l.one sees in to bed, twelve miles last night, put Sister eta-ro- de Sistermiles and fine six . boy, jiut to bed with a pair of twins, difficult case, se-- i vere labor, but the Lord blessed us and ve got through all right, patient safe, etc." July 16 hoe3 of ouffrring, I would sjiy you rob GjJ of your power- - to cheer and comfort others and lose the ,:Toa3taucb as you have done it tlu'ae onto the least" of thesa you have done it unto me. zz SisterSessions Bays ViCTORtA.'S 8PEB:GH. i By foreign w- - - v 1 f itth'iti v 1 t hn 1 j o neap ri nncn n 11 ing the eeasion, ''My Lokds and Gentlemen: -- I hive brought yaupgether - o enable you; to1'" uocsof amity wim an ioreign l J poworB. inior, - d it iuu.uuds paiuiui uuueriaui mniiou itum ouu.iau ty, but t ie energy, cjniraga and reaourc33 conspicuously displayed b General Gordon in the I or Jiaarioum : aeaervea my ?ucce58tui aerenr-warm reccgaiiiaa- - The advance of my troops ctirity it that gallant cilioer and cf those who with" hTmTi am have eo faithfully using my bestendeavors la Egypt to promote toe fortner improvement or attaira tnere. 1 have given my support to the Egyptian govern meat In the difficult financial position in which It was left through the failure of the recent j30ja- reace 01 in e i ran lereuce. vaal difflculiy, and am considering, with the Cape government raeam (o secure the obaerv- nnna nf tho rn trtn Hrn ed -- s- .. f--u. some coverlets; ' bud I; r East; a journey of about two thousand miles, - middle trfAirgasnveaTI "JeilpklalLweilf were taken sick with fever and ague. Nov. 1 Far West surrendered and we were ordered by the government to leavo the State of Missouri; 29th oi Nov. Peregrine returae4ome-from-- 2; - - theEast." February 15 waleave our home and, calculate to leave the State, get to Branch Creek the first night-i- n company with Bros. Burnham, York, Pack, and all our families. 16, go to Tinney's Grove; 17, get on to the 20 mile prairie; 18, get to Thomas' tent; 19, get to Henry Ashley's, go into tha, house and get . .. YuTther conaiderthe great subject of representacontinue to maintain rela- tion of the people. -- " Peregrine' started for the -- i7 r ri in ifkftTiinrntnfr1 nnd nrcacnad , " sTio woo illCBUeU.i Iq the afternoon there was a temperance lecture uj a, aui, iumci, ttuu u. uisuujj and : w m Marks spoke. From this time she seem to have been more busy than ever with her profession. She speaks of visits from Bro. Joseph and Bro. Willard Richards, and on the 18th : her-dia- ry HI ; - . f . e, Continued. , ' - ns " To-da- ; . -P- r-Lyonr w- - . . 1 t 1 - j f'"i J. UUUg R S., Y. L. M. I. A. & P. A. REPORTS. : rANauiTcnr: . "Editor Exponent: 1 -- The young ladies of this place held their an: nual election on the 5th of the present month, at which the following officers were sustained for the ensuing year: Mrs. Elizabeth Sevy, President; Sarah Houston and Alice Clark, Counselors; Miss Eva Crosby, Secretary and Treasurer; Miss Christie Henrie, Ass't Sec; Miss Minnie Sevy, Corresponding Sec. A visit from some of the visiting sisters from Salt Lake would be much appreciated. . Respectfully Yours, : J.. Looking oyer the diary kept by Sister of her journeyings from the State of Maine all the way up to Missouri in 1837, 1 foand many interesting items, but to attempt to give them here would occupy too much space, but I noticed one or two things that transpired in Missouri that I thought proper to mention. She says that on the 7th of January, 1838, Elder- - Lyman Wight and Father Morley preached, and in the evening there was a blessing meeting, and her husband,her3elf,Peregrine, Julia and Slyvia, her children, received a patriarchal blessing under the hands of Father Morley. She writes. again on the 4th of Feb-- " j u.iiji mat bug i3 tL yearn uiu; cays, jcamer Morley came down and held a blessing meeting Tit Bro. Daniel's last night, preaches here today." Sister Sessions carries her babe to the meeting and has it blessed according to the order of the Church. She writes, "I rejoice that I live in a day when the gifts and blessings are restored and ordinances attended to as in days of y old. 25th. we go to the city to hear the Joseph Prophet preach. April 6th go to the city to the anniversary meeting; 14th make a visit to Joseph Smith; 21st. Sylvia was marl riedto Windsor - - Mary H. Sevy; - . PLEASANTON, NEW MEXICO. " Ses-sio- . m fl. - ss PATTYSESSIONS. II . w Gentlemen .of the House of Commons: The operations in the Boadan render it necessary to a?k of yoa further pscuniary provisions. My Lords and Gentlemen Tot the fxtenlon of the ParliamenTha tary frincbiio will be aonce introduced. May T the Messing of God attend your labors. ur. .Dennett uuuceruLUg i preach in the morning and Bro. Cahoon in the afternoon." On the 4th of July she speaks of the parade, and on the 7th she went to the Re- -' ouuiety ugaiu. jfA.gam on ine lUin went to meeting and Bro. Woodruff preached. On the 23rd of July Sister Sessions writes in her diary, "Mother Smith was here to visit me," and on the 24th went to the Relief Society and jugned a petition;to send to the governor of the state." This was the first petition of the Relief Society, and it was then quite an event in the history of women. 20, go through . ,11 1 -- Keats ville,tent at night; 21, go through Hunts-villtent again; 22, go to Mr. GriminsVstaylhT the house; 23rd go t) Rayland's, stay ia a house, it rains and we stay over Sunday, the I , 24th, find the folks very accomodating ; 25th go on. and find very muddy roads, tent out; 26th still muddy,aird we have to tent out, cold, wet and inclement, no shelter but a tent, a sick babe and no comforts. Trust in God andpray for courage and endurance.". " 27thrroa very bad, but we reach the banks of the river and find many of our brethren and sisters encamped on the bank that cannot get across. Have got a very good place for tenting, but the wind blows hard; it is cold and there is some-snofalling. There is no crossing with a ferry beat now, the river is full of ice." March 1st 2nd and 3rd, according to the journal, continues much the same. She speaks oi; viamng o. B.IQ ir eniia, ana or the cnild She was sent for far and near in times ofdying. sick-jie' for advice and assistance. C? KtU i TUa i l . xuc utu me oainw uay tL. oegaa to cross over to the other side. The 6th, ice almost out of the river. The 7th, the wind blew fiercely, making it difficult to cross. On the 8th Windsor and Syl via cross the river; Julia was taken sick, bnt on' the 9th Bro. and Sister Sessions and family go over and stay all night at Quincy. The 10th they go on, and Julia being very sick they are obliged to stop and have the Elder3 administer to her. The days are much the same, they move on a few miles at a time, and meanwhile Sister Sessions takes the aguerand both herself and her daughter Julia are very ill. On the 14th they arrive at Carthage, find a house to go into. About the first week in April, after one or - two more changes, they move into a house of their own. .On.. the - 27th -- of June' heT"" son Peregrine ' started east on a mission in company.with Bro. Mc Arthur and Bro. Jackson. On the 2nd of May, 1840, the family move to Nauvoo, and on the 2nd of June Peregrine returns from his mission. Bro. Sessions builds a house, and in September of the same year they movein-t- o it. The next event of importance Sister Sessions has recorded in her diary is the death of her little daughter, the babe she brought in her arms from Missouri in the middle of winter. She died with croup. This seems to have been a heavy affliction for the fond mother, but she prays for strength" and grace, and she has left ' in her diary these precious words, "The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away, blessed be the name of the Lord." The little one was three years, six months andone day old the 11th of June, 1842, Bro. Sessions started for the State of Maine with Bro. Pack. She writes: "He left me alone, and I am very lonesome." , I MU Relief Society ,and on the 24th ing "theFemale ' . . . ur i i a ana near an oration. went 10 see me iuasons On the 25th, went to visit Mother Smith. 26th, : j- aaynowcpu buuilc i - : ... i.I. i.HUM n i f'l fill M Joseph" Smith per- David W. Patten was formed the ceremony. here when Sylvia was married and preached, while here, at Peregrine's. The next day the Prophet was there and a good time it was. Last Sunday we went to hear Brigham Young, it being the 29th day of April." During all this time we find Sister Sessions performing daily household duties and attend Because we live in an out of the way place we do not wish to be forgotton by our brothers and sisters in the northern country. We have a very pretty place here. We have nice farming land, where we can raise anything that is planted; there is, also, a large, beauti- mi stream oi water running on the west side of the valley, and on the east side of the valley is a large range of mountains, which are called the Moggoblon. ;. We have a Relief Society, which was organized in 1883, with its worthy President, Lu- cretia Maxwell, and her Counselors, JanTMax- well and Almeda McClellan. Our Relief So- ciety consists of nineteen members. We also have a Y. M. M. I. A. and Primary Associa- . r- That was Saturday, but thenext day ehe went to meeting and Orson Pratt . " . ' " tion. '. . I The only objection have to this place is that we are thrown too much under the outside influence; but if we will strive with the sincerity of our hearts the blessings of the Lord will be poured out upon us, and we need not walk in darkness; we who have made covenants to keep the commandments; of God to the best of our abilities need not go astray. I remain, Your sister in the Go8Del. Lillias S. Maxwell. ' - WASATCII STAKE. of the Relief Society of the Wasatch Stake of Zion was held in Heber City Hall, Sept. 28th, 1884. On the stand were President Emma Brown and herCounsel-ors- ; n ' ' also several of the brethren. -Our conference being held on the Sabbath day we had a very large attendance. The choir favored us with some of their sweetest Conference ' : 