r ilRVC ' 7 I- - OK'TClffif Ttnrf rinc:j h fr te f'r-rra:w. TV- ica tie r stilts d ' G.'Prt I Trlifri viz. of- r 'sir.fr I jf - . ;' I : c v o::! fa'furr? 'Adeline A - .. ih-x- . girls iVnirgehtle K.M)ple who were:, exiles from civilization. Peter Hanson, m his leserij)tiun, , says of .them, "They were hiostly French, lialfjL breeds and Indians the ladie-itall are v ry : -- l.-r:- . r. y '.vtint?.--, 'fearer, my God, to thee, nearer to thec;; raiseth me.'" AitbeffTttrrii"Tross .n il iu " f - ; f; ;he:b-- i - months that wtTO" W'iit.-'b''r making. j.oads building iidgc.; and ii.'U-t.- s r. making farrii:i t t'e,,' etc., lor, the. to ;ibllow; ami "TOiiiiort of i.r "'lies rujVL-rtiI think, comes nearest to that our experi'-r,.- . f trie ehildr after their, departure f, T Tv'vtit than nnv other neo: cut ',1 toe Kt: pie of- whom we have nnv'reeord, though I he-- .. ore pat idi L peopJeVml i ivc" that wo werejv .been as' .miraculously saved from death in many forms tlian they were? And thosanieJG. held onr peace and few brought us deliverance every time; and it is our wish and purpose to. tea: Tf N T luttg;;:ind isT-'tlb'H- -e ; K!ML f Xlt iO 0XE V 4 - fr-- EX WO MAN ISO B. Bsnsun. -- TRAVELS BEYOND THE 'MISSISSIPPI. - BV. :. .( Continual) ' Tho following arc incidents of our camp life "on the Missouri River. MomTav, loth, Horace f peakstoa stream Iiardby : to aist the girls in washing. ; Those uninteresting and unpleasant incidents I remembtr very distinctly, tliouglv I might have passed them over had he not made mention of this circumstance. As cleanliness is next to godliness, and having abundance of time when the weather permitted,- wo had no goo2 reason for neglecting this duty." And we had plenty of boys ready and willing to Jiitch up a team to take us to the water if an v distance away from if .so; we would take a picnic or send; " camp; ' rr f i i" i. . . i. iur-ir.. Z mnner. a oacK ivana ine jwvs- would 5Dend their sn'ar&'timtrfiskiiiir or as thevHfelt in- clined till the washing was done. Though our -' washing was not so very extensive it was hard ' enough with the sun beating down, and so breathless and sultry that it appeared as though , we must melt down under it. and this was not I was 'not a' . a pleasant thing to anticipate. strong girl having grown up like a shaded " plant I had little strength, and was what Is generally termed lazv; one of the v;orst.ills, I ' dnrsdiiv. fbe 7r!i. Horace, with some of mv father's men. and W. Markham, started on " a trading expedition, also some of Bishop Whitney's men with teams. ..They went into Atchison Cot', 'Missouri,' where they threshed sent.it to mill '.out about 120 bushels of about-tweijl:: miles bolow there to be. ground, arnt'brought" back, about (v;.)Y) jiound.s, also sheJled out a fpia.iitity ot corn and brought with them also some seed wheat. Howard Egan, who was father's principal asrent, had preceded them two or three days. .They were two weeks and" returned'-- on the ITtji of V( HELEN MAR WHITNEY. of-'oiii- g . . . y . ' ab--c- , But we had ample time to do our washing, ironing and mending, also our sewing, besides making cur' laily toilet. And even our fashionable dress-- , makers found employment as the warm came on. Father hail two or three wives Avho had learned the trade, and the same num-le- r who understood tailoring, and one of them bad been brought&aip to the corset making trade, and all of them were trained up to some kind of useful industry, and were virtuous; and worthy women, and, as a general rule, they sought the interests of one tneir trials and ieraptations leing new begin ners in what might be termed an adverse school, which was calculated to bring into ac- ...... , 4inn nun mil f toct il.of ,ua, luiiit iuiuvt'x imve lam (ior- mant testing every one's naturershowing up -- 1 their weak points and bringing them, to the surface, to be thrown off, and learn each one to c--r -- anotllJiad 1 1 President B. Young and father absent, having gone, back for the purpose 'of raising volunteers, for the Mexican expedition. From the 17th Horacediad to depend on Peter zll m aHbrhctcTiTtn a!i;-ence- - judge irom niy"wn"e3q)erience. ' July; - .".l-- nt trouble .to hunt us and review it in alKts ups" and downs. And my reasons for writing what many, no doubt, think rather; dry and prosy reading, concerning the journey andsojourn of the Latter-daSaints in ;". the wildernos in the a country whicb could he easiover 'earl84G, ly travelled in a wek or ten days under ordinary circumstances, but which took us" six months to accomplish, are to give to t he generations that have grown up since, a little idea y " . " . Peter wrote on the 17th, uTo-day- , by tation, B.' Young; Bro. Kimball, Dr. invi- iiichards, tind some of the band came down in carriages to the sett lement to take dinner. The agent, the princiSl Indian chief and a number of others were there and appeared delighted with our music. This evening our v company was enlarged by : five 'families from Michigan. Wc Icaru (nuL Elder Oi.-oHyde and J ohn Tavlor have iiu-t-. come no with their comiames. reter speaks ot the abundance of strawberries found at that place. There was a carriage load of us vent with mother on the 10th some distance from camp where they grew so thick that we could not help stepping on them. The heat wa.s intense, being in a small valley in the woods, and having no water,' only what we carried in a jug. , I had been pickiug'fbr quite a time and the berries looking sajlelicately tempting I kept reaching for them till I fell helpless, though not senseless. But the rest having gone farther away from the carriage than mvself. I was alone and had to lay there till T recovered enough to crawl to ine carriage wnere, though lamishing for a cooling draught I found nothing but tepid water. Towards sundown' it grew cooler, and feplirig better, I went out again. President B. Young came down with a carriage load of hU family about that time and we nicked - hrrir. il rlrr-Vl A"., TIT w c had to eatnrr. jxturueu uiiuu36)uuiujjYt; 1 . ,. C!l i iiuevi an our pans ami pans lull and eaten till we were clogged and wanted no more strawberries that year. That day an invitation had been received from the agent for the camp and fm. Pitt's band to' spend the day at the'Point.: This was delightful, especially to the. younr .people, and though 1 was very unwell through the night, it was out of the question for meTo forego such a pleasure. This wa thTV firf itnat our chests had been- - disturbod or onrt.o,l .fjUK,l since )ackmg them in Kauvoo, being the first tune umi venaa needed anything but common apparel. And it was really delightful to oLee more see the inside of our cheats - and to , bring' out the prettv honnpN 1.,..- rIKl ZparasoIs and kid shoes, etc., that had" been pacKtu away, and to think that we were aain to attend a ball. And I rather ' think we astonished the good folks at the Point to see so many.well dressed and merry hearted boys and ,(!).. pearance.Music and ,iwJnjaro-hafi;ilione oi it!t inoiaii. Kiuies wisiiea to have an i h t rod u cJujii s to 1 ro t her. JvLm hall, - t ha t he miditllance with him." This was Le ClerfV dugbte'r; the eHlurothic1ueTtfV(t)wato4 mie tribe..' She was a epoj.leTP child, and had married 'a young white manof htibit3Th"e1ian'"IJeen eiTucxted in a western city and dressed with taste and was in theart of coquetry :and the be- . jvgnLj-T'HTiora- d (pyte-accomplishe- 9 7 A LI , li 1 - L.' V7 ly I I.- U .JaV V j y 1; iI VJ AAKAlilKfl a I I Ilt-B- v j warm-Iiearte- d -- re-cove- rt Sunday, 2 1st, two meetings were held and a' number of Frem-hmpand Indians came up on diorseback in the afternoon. We were camped on the BlufK, nine miles from the Point. R S., Y. L. ' . AND PRIMARY . REPORTS. M. I. A. . Minutes of the Quarterly Conference of th U 1 . 1 1 i ; -- -- 1 . - i and treated us with. great' 7 .hospitality.' The gaiety and excitement ol the day "with the dancing was too much for me and' and remained so I' was taken h6meverj-sick, lor three or four days; and afterwards received quite a reproof from my father, when I had d enough tq beardt,for my foolishues-!- . Iy husbandX)eing absent, he felt it his duty to' chasten his daughter, whose only plea was ignorance and a nassionate love of the danoc.But. the lesson came too late only as a warning with a heavy; penitence for past folly. At this )l;ice, we had some windy, dusty and stormy, (lavs; Five families came from Michifrau and also a large camp, called the Mississippi com- were Bp- AVhitney -- r rtlrmg-Tnirehnrartur . -- . , - . 1 to"nlal'e them saints or sinners. The "Mor- moii" companies were all orderlv. and were truly models by the Vide of those who followed, in their trail who were not governed by the same strict rules "and religious motives and principles that our people were. Our salvation, both temporal and spiritual,., depended upon this course, and our history. is a wonder g lit r in g b is I'VL WIia! I . -v- 1 - - P- Zioii, held in theOgden Tabernacle, March lo64. Ihe meeting was conducted by loth, .President Jane S. Richards, commenced with singing, "Come let us rejoice," prayer by Bish: op Robert Mc.Quarrie, singing again, "Come all ye sons of God." Minutes of the previous conference were read and accepted, also the reports, 17 in number. President Jane S. Richards made a remarks; was pleased in having the opportunity of being in our midst, and was greatly pleased at seeing so many of her brothers and sisters present, considering the inclemency of the weather theyhad done remarkably ; well. Thought Sisters Eliza R. S. Smith and Zina Y. Smith both had great courage to travel as they did back and forth to our conferences; exhorted us to be as persevering as they were. Felt the Lord would bless them, and ' few-openin- g 1 A nine. 11,1 1 1 t'. t counselor llattie U. Brown could not meet with us, her mother being very ill; and having lately Jost her father we all reel to condole with her. Counselor Sarah J; Herrick also had sickness in her family, and conld not be present; but God is just and has some good reason for afflicting His saints. AH is wTell with Him. Put full faith and confidence in ' ' the Lord. Sister Eliza R. S. Smith said she was pleased L "to look and behold many of her brothers and sisters faces, it being a little over a year since she was here. Thanked God her Heavenly Father that we as- women of Zion could meet together in these meetings, organized by the Lord for the good and advancement of women; think, of the good they can accomplish when bound together by love and union. We are progressing step by step; we commenced with but little, but have been greatly blessed ..of the Lord, and are increasing in numbers And financial affairs. Spoke of the averago .. - . - j . : ' 