W 03- 1H E - -- - -- - - OTMMteNMTv W BIAS;-- - L3 E B. E31Jl . O MM ' Si X' F 0 N ,E N'lV. ignitiEd, "the white plamrd knigh'aod John A. Logan, of Illinois," Vicy; Provident. These two men ars thy iaon tj be voted for bv b$r. vMr. Elaine ;3 prolaWy aa ''good a asn aad as suitabl fill the Presldentisrehaizrperh ";.in ire taahr an y ciaer; ;Lu: his record ia that ru copy one year, $2. 00; One copy; six months' nine. Advertisi-necopies for the price : rates:' EacSs. .nare, ten; lines or nonpareil space, one Llimet $2.5Q: p liberal discount to month, " " reir.:Iar advertisers. ' . Exponent Offlce, in brick building north cf Z. C. If. Hast Temple 3tr?et. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day, except Sunday. Addrt'Si all bnsineBs communications to "Publisher Woman's Expo.tjtct, r Salt Lake Uit Utah. Terms: ! IrOU Ten written. pw.r'.ac omcs w yet.-aib?e t j tell what say man may ij airieii eJds - : -- GO AND VOTE,- ".LADIES, In JULY lo - " - ( aeto jd'atiaVralt1"," "ah"'! a"ivel,ht-rore piacsj hiiii- - ia .nomination m Presi-itar.with rhb;aaj' A. Ht?ridr!c:, ndia?j'j, .u'.i-i3-- 1354. "... earnest, e' ntmost en - It iVthaj-serfvbt - rtjay-aa- d strrnth . ' ty to go to the t!epait-hei po-- ' Par-- havefreqt-.entjyyieMe- ail - art eulat.Xhnra .aa tn eirineittofithcrwisa-aT- ... e thlHrli dapgercf beln g pu Heeled to the rul. bo would los; M witiir4and d&rlgairnwn , take from jheav every yttge of freedom; if they ars not arabe to mshitainiag their own right?. liberty, appresses her citizeas aad brings iato servile sutjection a portion af its territory for obeying the voice of conscience, no man can'tel what.the. direful result may bs. 'The Presidential beem that has began may turn thwtide af national i rfaira in a new direction, and men interested in tha general good may forget poorp fns'gnificsnt Utah, and thus the child who has caly received secfis and saeera, and never been tha recipient cf favors, . the mayhave an epportaniiy to recoTer-froblow inflicted by the paaaage cf the scathing Edmunds bill, and ere . another Congress shall -convene it is sincerely to be hoped .the folly cf passing unconstitutional laws may become so glaringly apparent that such measures may fail cf any substantial aepport in wthe halls cf Congress, where the banner of liberty waves before '' '"":" the eyes of all the world. THE TOPIC OF THE D.Y. Th two great leading parties of tha ration, be Republicans and the Democrat?, have each met in a national convention at Chicago, cn eep- &rae occsfilong, to plac C in nomina ticn ihe n am e of the man who should Le decided upon aa the cho:ca of. th respect ive party to ba elected to cflice ln the gift of the peo"the meat ' ple of thece United fetates. Delegates representing every State and Territory were preeent, and some rf ihem mada eilvery and elcqaent epseche?, glorifying the American nation and extolling the candidite of their choice. After a great deal of eloquence and enthusiasm in favor of several candidates had been expressed In the ablest snd best manner possible upon each a momentacs question, the Republicans succeeded in pbcing in nomination James G. Elaine, of Maine, President, the man whom Ingersoll dea d . not. in m irnp-irfan- EDITORIAL ' kicethe'. jii:. I 7 sr to be overlooked 'in' 0Bf who vifiiM.L puv-u- e' .courefM.-.-m-irnr-- r c(; nil" to- alky ia? e pirerir. rd fs ! the distressed. We ' ..." home, and bespeak for her a wit.'e fie id c aseffil-nein ter prcft sii nal Cirer. Utah may well be proud of her -icians, these earnest, faith ',ui workers the patronage of the people. )nra.iG--wa- 3 cvu sidered unwomanly to prscf ee med''e;ne-faso men wre called to .attend '"!ellca?Vf-.-ehl!r ca rn,s?aec-;- al wpmentuaderaEy'-anat how mueiLmore ..attihg.,iijLir-wamto; ;'. aih.-Vii.;- ... ' ' r: : '" n ilisa Belle "est need or in the most paihful extremity. Elder Jcir Qannon, ..who oa a missioa-t- - has been Europe nearly three y?'ar;i, ah-se- at returned cn).he lth of June, ac.?ompanle,d by his wife, Annie V. Cannon, wh"9 ?etten it' travelhave been publiahied rn the Expoeiv and have been very interesting, as we hare had abundant evidenco roni our readers. Bath Bror-ai Sifter.. Cannon' are "pleased ."to, return', home, they have hai-- pheasant Jouraey and arrived in health, and safety.'"' A p' r'ty'alTrela ti w& and friends in a special car met thera, ia Ogden aad thfire was a warm greeting and happy mtes-lag- . .Bro. Cannon has resumed the jrurnalisnc labors on ihe w.id News, in which -ra ehsraged-befcgc-iwh cn" g n hi m is Sister Cannon rested after the fat.gue cf traveling she will continue to favor us with reminia-cencof her journey ings"' abroad. She WiJ much pleased with the Swi?s and German sis- tars, anil very anxious to have taeaagitthsr out ami ccms taZicn, that they may share in the privileges and blessings that are o Irefcly'givea to me saints in this land. ' a De-er- et a in elevated positions men . to tha love cf djaplay, cr some over bearing pride of place, aria forgotten the pecp'e whose, interests efa entrusted largely to their care and whara they have sworn to serve and whese confide nca exalted them to the effice cf trust rid gave them the eppcrtuniiy to shine. America is unlike any ether nation; and there ia therefore no pooitiva criterion tojuJge by, but and king'Ucms, grsat and rich, have empires dwindled into insignificance and l ii the balance of power when thy neglected to do justice to facr of of. .mr;:y dtrv to el act "y?lWCFllbIalmra the .irate he thnngh it was the one to tarn the the m?n or men to re elected. It h not ch'y the. "'public duty,' bat it Is an indl-vidresponsibility. and one that no one cm pirfcrm fcrhia friend cr neighbor, but mast be rion3 in pi;rscn. , If all reanzad the iraportaaca of attending to taia personal-- a ty there would be a much hea- "vier. vets cart than ia usual among this people; . and assured Ijr there han been sufficient oppoei-- . 4fcn to v7aka up those whrj'mrJsjhta stake, scale in that are -- 8jioj3!d5riider Eery reraon aa "or she casts to influence tha votes o-le- n- bi!:6t, f ;r eery rote adla " cn ip' Iqv'tm narse-andtreatlheiraaari- very popular n:ea and. have shown nursed abil ity ia tie Ctiiu cf atatesniaasiiip,. and are there forejastly eatiued to Jiatinctive Yavor with the people. I very happen s, o wzyeryVntx men who have figured "conspicuously a ni- Zested unn?al taient in high placesnave made -- but a poor shcriaa: when smulfy hciding ihe reias cf power. Humaa naare ia weak and la- - on eiecticn wlljaarafeerajo the Peo'ple'j ; mi TJadging'cy"aparanoes -- r for es - . duty of every vera an who haa i of i:ff 'a-- " . " A Vjct-Preside- at. one or the ether of these eminent champions. l - The contest haa scarcely be gun, for tach party is equally anxious to win the day,and frjm. new until the Xavember election no pains cr mean'j. will be spared in the eifjrt for saecss. : There is liSe'y to be a pretty equal di -- iaicr , for-the- ' J tea we'-eacs- 1 r, " poiatahut s7c e much enthusiasm a3 men, .and contributed largely tq the waving and cheering. S cn tx" Presidential cam pal gn wrk wil te g in la g opd 21; aadit 13 their priviJega to attend and idea ,i..fake pari; ia the prcceedings.lt is a are cf little significance, that thete mefetingg at are the foundation of the electicnsT" tbej " 'splend.M - And' these. nominationa wre mid thoiifi andcheeri and .ringing appaa?e', waging-offiagand fane, swinging of ha't3, and tamaituous ultaticn. Ladie?, it is said, manifested quite as July ' 'thra fathrV a , a-- suptmr 'italn.meat?, ind. a physician and years Ktand.!a?, r o dcubt .will htr.bwn-- ' lady r;rrst!??','-'.vhll- .porularit' ' "c UTiii of .i'wcrk sh 3iiU-C-h!- i. The choice cf delega tes to the ccaventicn, eyen .if it i3 cn)y a county atfiir, ia an important mat-feaad ena that women ars a? mcch interest- are expected to be amen-abl- e ed in aimea, s and pay taxea and contribute to the to J general good, and are thsrafore a part of the bnly politic and eliould deport themeelyeg - prr-mat-e ;raw4njneai...we liiahjwho amentia mi-tak- fy r-- s re-u.-e-- i 4 precircta-TriihicanTen- - hava'fiaallv, a'tar Hgi.eat. deal of waytrihgjC pe to the cjccliisiuuthavaa TiW- en name to ap; a: Groyer. Cievtin J, cf CiW 2 Or. IS the ma :cxt beet ca'culu'vd is tha 'advancsaient'' off the The'D.-mccrat- . view, of the August election which la now jyteh: tojrem'nd . the ladies of f everal atu" rru m'fcfi ' :womaa V t-f LT LAKE CITY, pursliialulV three yerrv'and having had exrellaU npnort;. training and tuition i.f Ltr fcl Jt4:iz;cthe r::'l)t55r previaaiJyt Jlliata -- he -commences ;pr3ctice with a thorough knowledge -pf i her "work,-- : n? ocly prac t seat ez pe rfcn ce '7 which: ?h'wiira!a" in 'the profession".." ''Her til. a $3.-OO'-A'- .' br?ea diligently " NOTES. E.- - Anderson, of this city, re- turned from the East June 26, a graduate from Ann Arbor In the medical profession. She haa es - On Saturday, Jaly 12th, at 12 a.m., Dr. Ellis B. Shipp's claa underwent their final examination before entering upon the practice cf..'obstet- - rifgrhexaiBinatioir Heb?r John Richards, Wm. Bowers and d B. ahlpp. Theamesthe stadenis wexe TKanhah "B'urnEam and 3Iary Shipp,, Draper, Mary Swindle, Mcrrroe, Esther Hunsaier, Hoi:- Mil-for- C eyville, A. J. Ticpata.'CeceliaKeiJacn, Carolina Hanson, Lizzie Evans, Eilen Stark, Brigham City, Caroline Ipson, Mantua, Hannah Anderson, Bear River City. The Doctors expressed themselves well pleaded with th9 way in which the atudenta acquitted' themselvea. Refreshments, ice cream, fruit, etc., were afterwards served to all. Some other ladies were invited to be present and participate In the enterlain-v.men- t. Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith, Dr. Maggie C. Shipp and. the Editor of the Exponent were among the number. Dr. Shipp will commence another class cn the 10 th of. Octcber, and will be pleased to receive students; feeling, deeply the necessity: there ia for more competent help, in thia profession. -- Nellie White, the brave and fearlesa young lady sent to. the pen! tentiary for contempt in refusing to answer what she considered improper questions, la now at liberty and for the time , allowed to remain with her mother and family. x ' 