WOMAN IliE S KXr 0 XB N'T . grots que ipitarAneVi'aaU';w.hea the rootm were M hir h.&zf w Hh grjVa feu h s ; andJgjUlt4-and-- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. plcasure,oae cau jrapheriiaLlia of the 'devotee ; SaUjJmjjgia Wgnds&tid fairyrtalertTCeTrue and for a fhort time at least abandjn hluieelf to "" thVuU erjoynient of the pjeasjire. Generally. Jn every towhlhereTiTniusic, either" vocil cr instrumtnta), more .often both, and . though the snow may fly without and the north 1 wind bbw, yet all U buy life and eager expectancy, within. New YearV Diy was gift day. among the primitive New England folk, and io they;pfirried Christmas clF. on each side with Editor. FuU.fei t :5y.'t,t in Sadt ; Lake City, Utah tit- months Tcrs.s;,. ifSasTE? 'vxM-nds:'p-ot-neft.irS Advertising'' rate: Each s ,uare, tea lines of nonpareil spaoe,one 1 Uiae, t5fc: discount to adTcrtlsers. ;. I "T;. regular ' Expoitext OSce, In brick M. 1. C. building north of ln Hast Temple 8treet. Business hours from 1Q a. mQ . 5 p. m. every day, except Sunday. ' Address all business communications to Publisher Wostix'sEiPOKEJT,. : r ; Salt Lake City Utah. !. dft ad-mcrnX- . ( rrn - . SAIiT LAKE CITY, DECEMBER 15, 184. ZZl r gifts. .vr"- - Bat now the older people even, who were in childhood to "hanging up the stocking," have become eo familiar with this German-Englis- h practice that they have growrTas well acquainted with Santa Claus and all thejegends of Christmas holidays a3 these who were .to the manner born, and the ring of his reindeer bells ashe glides at mid? are only the echce3 of night over the house-top- s the music of happy hours that are lived over and over again in Imagination; and it is not now considered helerodox to feign a belief in 8antVCiauTfor the children's sake, but quite the proper thing, and in harmony with the now moderate but once stern and rigid ideas of New .England propriety andjalismr. The family gatherings and tiiemily reunions are blessed seasons of refreshing, and sure strengthen the ties of love that bind together those that are endeared to each other through association cr the attachment of kindred bhod How happy are those who can assemble cn these precibu3 days and feel that all Is weil,that iiacic Ts o .v3iit faces to ba mourned for, no vacant places reminding them of an irreparable ' lots. The writer believes most firmly in these family dinners. They keep freeh and green the flowers of friendship and such times and such places beconfe hallowed shrines in the Temple of Memory where one turns with loving tenderness and recalls in vision thetherished few who met at the same fireside, who shared the honors at the festive board, and forever and forever do the balls of memory ring cd, repeating and o'er each JsweJbd name. . Sometimes fortune divldas the family circle, and for a time soma one is misfed of the bved ones who helped to ihake the chain complete; but if only absent for a time "on pleasure or on business bsut' it is hot right to murmur or wear a brow of sadness, for "to ba parted in body is not to be estranged in soul anil many a dream and many a vision may paes bafore the rnjnd of one whose lips are silent." There is one thing all should do at Christmas time, if they wish to emulate the Savior and do honor to "the babe in Bethlehem b.irn," and that is, to remembar the poor, and out of the substance God ha3 given to each, donate liberally to those less fortunate let none go cold or hungry on that dsy, lest their cries should enter into the ears of : the Lord of Sabaoth jora-te8tlmo- ny againat those who heed not the In"Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the junction: least of these, ye have done it unto me." old-tim- e CHRISTMAS. many endearing recollections, eo marly charming reminiscences, such tender associations, and altogether each wonderful fascination hanging over and around If, as Christmas. It Is the day of dave.with the children mora esneeiallv. when they expect all sorts of gifts and treasures. No woLder the children love rtficTcIayTit Is the time 'mostpreecient of good to them, and to all mankind; The birth time the sweet and touching story of the Savior's birth never grows old, no stars that guided the wise men cf BethlehenoTshine down npon us, and we feel such a holy presence, such a reverential awe, as though angels were hovering near, and with glad eongs of rejoicing were echoing back from the ages past Hosannahs to God in the Highest; Peaee on earth and good will to all mankind How the human heart clings to those words divine with their answerirjg aspirations. How they lift the soul into a higher, region of thought and feeling. And the little ones partake the spirit of the day and interpret in their own simple but eloquent way every expression of sentiment and fancy that is uttered or felt by the older people. Christmas has grown now to be somewhat American, where fifty years ago only the Catholics and Church of Enehnd ceonle Christ. kert w u "J- mas by any religions observance, and very few of .the descendants of the Puritans noticed it at all as a day' of gif.'B snd rj. king. But time in its self-sam- e , ( nd grievances, and even the feeling of bitterness between nations at variance, and during the last half century many English castomg and much of the English manner has grown into the American character; and observances and ceremonies once entirely discarded by the Purl-ta- n forefathers and foremotbers have became so 1 1 (!3inmnn that tha nhilrlrori orirl nmin day are not awaro of the strong prejudices that once existed, and fcmany years were so decided against anything that favored of the special celebrations of the country out of which they had been cruelly driven on account of their T re-ligio- n. ;": ThankBarivlne Dav trmk character of Christmas, and although it was not considered "Gift day, yet there were always church services in toe morning and afterwards gatherings, reunions, family dinners, evening! JesUvjliesand the dewrations withlrinfer -- . . "HOME AFFAIRS. flow- - ers, the trailing - Ivy, and evergreens festooned fantastically and ornamented with red berries, and other appropriate lymbols of hilarity and mirth. In place of the real "Yale log" of England the New England people made huge fires of pine knots, so and twisted that when gnarled blaring the name prcstnUd, ; tht mpat weird, and On Tuesday, Dac. 9 :h, Sisters M. ; I. Home, B, W. Smith, H. M. Whitney and E. S. Tayloj went to MilllCreek to attend a special meeting of the Relief Society at that place. There were two sessions, morning and afternODn,and dinner In the hall during the intermission,' at which about BeTenty-flv- e persons were comfortably ed boiiTileus-liiiiC-Tl-- provided over by i Mr, Elizabeth Creek Ward: ULihop Hamilton was r.retent an i made pemy remrk3, also The raornln-meetiwas addressed ty Sisters - ilorne, Taybr and Whitney, and the afternoon by Sister. Smith and others- .- The sisters en. j jyed themselves very much indeed End paed a very pleasant day In tha sjiety of the sisters of LI'.ll Creek. The benediction :wa9-pro- nounced by Patriarch James Works. ; A second edition of the Compendium has been issued by the publishers and is now for sale; it ii a Dion mat every iiijuer or me unurca nseaa, and Sabbath School teachers and officers of Primary Associations, and Y. L. and Y. M. M. I. A. would do well to ' purehasa. a opy, for their own individual use for reference and authority. For Scriptural and other proof of the Gospel i : is inva!uab!e. The stores and shops in the city are b?ginnlng to put on a holiday appearanca and one cannot licjp iceiJLijj iuuii iuu vurisiuiaa uuu now x ear 8 festivities are near. There are mora elegant and beautiful ihinca now soemlntf'v -than there evnr J were before,ior every kho w window ia ornament-e- l Ilro.-.Haciak- ar, ng a-si- Thanksgiving solemnity find merry making,and New Yeais with glad greetings and welcome ated aud ei'l oyed a rneetiols'lvtro Hl of JuSLSELIXE p. WSULS, ;? . vvlth the rwernholnest-anilIov1fatirnnf- i4 of all conceivable, varieties, shapes, colors and kind. Surely the hi)3t fastidious purchaser can linu iooiisjLiitnus--t- o grau'ynisiasTe or theirs. Everything seams perfect now on the l 4 I 1 i. .11 t 1 111. ;rated, and t xpensive material used for covers as well. Bat there are books of all kinds in the market, and prices ranging from a very trifle to a large amount. There is no lack of reading mat- ter at the present time, and the Latter-da- y Saint books alone wculd furnish a library somely. It is to ba hoped that the people will remember "Mormon" literature while gathering up Christmas gifts; ia a people the S aints should patroniza the writings tf this people as much as their handiwork, and by this means create an ambition In the youth of Zlon to write good and useful books. We have for sale at this offica tho books of Mrs. Eliza R. Snow Smith, as advertised in an other column of the Exponent; and Mrs. Hannah T. King's "Epic Poem," paper cover, 25c tF, bound in cloth 50 ctfjMrs. Helen Mar Whitney's "Why we practice Plural Marriage," paper coffer, 25 cts.; Mrs. Hannah T. Cornaby'd and Poems," $1,00; Mrs. Augusta J. Crocheron's "Representative Women of Dtso ret,"7.5cts. Any one of these books is suitable to give a friend as a remembrance on Chrittmat or New Year'', and there is nothing more appro-priat- e than b:oks for Christmas gifts. The Conference of the Relief Hooletv nf this Stake of Zlon will be held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rwms, Dacember 28 and 27. commencing at 10 a.m. and at 2 p.m. The Primary Asscciations will hold their Conference the following day at 10 a.m. and the Y. L M. I. A. at 2 p.m. as usual. It is to ba hoped there will ba a goodly number attend these meetings, that the slaters may be enc )uraged in their dtn ties, and not only receive the Instruction they neet in the performauce of the same, but also "a word in due season," for O, how good and how precious a thing it "Auio-biograph- J8.1i EXTRACTS AND REMARKS. The Daseret New?, Dec. 10th, published a letter frorn aMethodist in Bozeman, Montana, in which he seta forth his Ideas of the way in which he would treat the "Mormon problem." He says: Editor Deseret News: Through the kindness of Borne of your "good y 