r ---- --- , , . ference Saturday, i;7tb, commencing at 10 a.m. eame day, com-- : sad the Y. Xj. M, I. A. on the ' "' :'' . : mencing at 2 p. m. The Pre8ldcntV message hag been delivered and Utah has not been forgotten. He seems to of the UtaFCoDamia-aio- n, avcctrliiir&d-vlcbe and would glad to gve Congress absocon trol of the Territory. The fol . lute political - lo w ing la an extract from the message : I ' - V e ' THE UTAH QUESTION. The report of the Uiah Commission will read with -- intt-dfeeB'b.errrajQlta'-d- recent legislation l3p?Bg tirtheprefeeujatloaahd: uuniah men t of ml vzam V" In t h a t Territory, r Btill believe that if that abomlnsb'e practice can t bo suppressed xy Jaw, It can only be by the moat radical legialatiou onaistent with there-straint- s 1 of the Constitution. agalu recom.' mend, therefore, that.Congress aseume absolute political control of the Territory of Utah and provide for the appointment of a conimisaion - with Buch governmental power aa In its judg. merit pay justly and wieely be put into their '" hands. On Thursday, November 20 th, a little party ofjadles met by invitation at the residence of her daughter and son Brother and Bister lienry C. James, to celebrate the anniversary .. of the birthday of Sister M Isabella .Home, en of the repreeenUUve womtu of the Latter-day SiJnta. The afternoon wai enen't In" interesting conversation, and rnaDy fervent con gratulations were offered to the honored lady that she bad lived so longj and still retained heal th and vigor, and that she had reared euch a numerous and noble family in the Church of Jeaua Christ of Latter-d- y Saints. The birth-- off day passed very pleasantly. At about six o'clock the ladles, with Brother Home, he being the only gentleman at the table, sat down to a sumptuoua repast, and all enjoyed it, for there was "the feast ot reason and the flow of soul" as well as many good things pre. , pared by the lady's charming daughters, who nre all excellent house wive?.. We missed, on that occasion, our dear Bisters EJizj R.,Bnow Smith and Zina D. H. Young, who were both absent on duty, and we realizad how much more complete the party would have been if these two slaters had been present. Longlifeo Bister Home, and may she have manymore happy returns of the day, with her companion by her Bide, and in the full enjoy-me- nf cf all the faculties with which God has so abundantly endowed her. 'J : , . h f'r ' , in-la- w, , . At a special meeting of the Board of Directors of the Deseret Hospital Aisoclatlon, held on Friday, Nov. 21 at at 11 o'clock a.m., in the Hospital ballding, Dr. W. F. Anderson was appoint-c- d to --the posi lion- - of medical Buperln tendent -- and ananliiionaly elected to that position in the institution. It having been understood beforehand, that the matter had been laid before him and that he was willing to accept the position. A vote of thankai was alao tendered to Dr. Joseph B. Rlobarda, for the valuable cervices he had rendered the hospital while attending regu-JsrJ- y aa visiting physician daring the past few months, and the wish was expressed by all present that he should continue to visit whenever he had the time or inclination to do so, as It is the desire of those connected with thia hbme for the afilictedto secure for it the aid and influence cf the best physicians in Utah, that it may develop, in the near future, into an institution of which the peoplowlll be Jaatly proud. H. B. Clawson, President, v A TRIBUTE. On Saturday, Nov. 22nd, at about eleten o'clock, Elder Horace K, Whitney passed quietly and peacefully to his final rest. He was the W O 101 eldest eon of the late Biehop Newel JC and Elizabeth Ann Whttnev. and was born in TCirt. ' iand, Ohio, uJy 25th, 1823. H?e as he wag familiarly called by his re. friends, was one of those men who yilaJ5d non til his Itemed to grow ohi, jnt looked - - 4- M"AJNiiSfcX JlintB?,-- whichVterminaUdfatalIy,Jie the picture cf health, and more fresh his complexion and buoyant in spirits L than many young men. He was a man of fine ecclal qualities, and was greatly, teloved as well aa aK re b3Lbi!L M?rfPt:Jit3 'many Aiperior well as his genial and amiable" die positioo. He was and ttrictly moral, honest ' thoee attainupr.ght, echolarly ments that always elevate the nun who uses and-possess- ed lb em judiciously. The writer knew him first in 1841, and from that time until his death. He Mas what might consistently be termed a brilliant conversationalist, when he was associated with those with whom he felt at ease, hit shrank from publlo notice or criticism with a degree of sensitiveness which rendered, him incapable of, taking the placa and position hia talents and' ability would have entitled him to fill with honor and dignity. ' . Horaca K. and his younger brother Orson K., who died J uly 31et ult. were both pioneers. Horace was at that time twenty. four years old, Orson only seventeen. In early life these two brothers were tho moat devoted frien's and both of them young men who give great promise of success and usefulness in life. Horace Whitney-wa- s one of these men who accepted practically the principle of celestial marriage, and honored it in his daily life, and his example in thia particular la worthy of imitation; he proved hia Blncarity in this eacred order of marriage by hia works, and he w laved by hia family, and will be sincerely mourned; yet the Gospel teaches us to restrain our grief for those who have died in the faith of the Gospel as he has done. E. B. W. do-vote- diy I flayer was cfiered by Coun. Ph&be Woodruff, then. singing, and minutes of previous meeting were read and accepted. Minutes of Y. L. of the 20th and 14th Ward, and 1. A. of the 20th ' J-- and 21 at "Wardr . Preat. Home requested -- the secretaries In fa ture to take the front seats, and expressed the the aiaters ..pleasure she felt in meeting-witi Hgain,Bbe had been prevented of late by sick-- , nesa in the family. r j Coun. Sarah Kimball spoke to the secretaries lor a few minutes in avery pleasing manner Tfcun. Zina D. H. Yourg, in her moat hanny manner, addresEed the aiatert; her remarks were moatly upon the work in the, Temple, the heavenly inflaehce felt by all who Lffloiated there, and the great necessity of purity of character to ba prepared to act for the dead. Coun. P. Woodruff spoke of the necessity of performing every duty and seeking the guidance of, the Holy Spirit to help us, and then our ene miea could not have power to harm u; bat if we are negligent in performing our duties and lose the Spirit of God, we will find ouraelvea In a very poor poaltlou. BieterE. S. Taylor ipoke encouragingly to the Becretariep, giving them good advice. Coun. Howard regretted there were not more of the young ladles attended the meetings and would like to fee enough of them come to sing for T , h - " ? i- ; the meetings. Prtat. Home mado come very pertinent re. marks upon the liability of all tq make mistakes and need correction; said she wished more to Bee ner own errorsthen those of othera; warned the s is ters to beware of evil influences and not to ba deceived through b9iog over zealou?, but to seek to have the Spirit of God at all times.X Ad vised the young ladiea to keep good company and fitudy cood behavior at all times and In all ' - places. i Sister Mary Freeze thought the young ladfes needed the spirit of discernment to enabJa them to judge who were good and to ahuri those who :: V"" were evil. j "''y"'-- r Preat. Home gave notice that the conference would be held on the 26th and 27th of December, and the meeting waa adjourned for two weeke. Hinging. Benediction by Coun. Zina D. H. ' Young. - GENERAL MEETING R. ii. B. & Y. The ladies' regular meeting was held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Booms Saturday, Nov. 15th, at two p.m., Coun. B. W. Smith, presiding. After singing and prayer by Coun. E. Howard and singing again, m nutes of previous meeting were read and approval, also minutes of Y. L. of the 17th, 20th nd 4th Wardf, and P. Ai cf the 14th aod 21a Wards, Coun. Smith said ahe wiahed the sistera to the time m bearing their teitimun es. Slater E. 8. Taylor was the, first to pf eak of the goodne3a of God and exhort the other aia-- . ters to testify. Bisters BrJ, H'cka, Kelly, Whitpin, Ander son, Hadden, Watmough, Smith, Hazen, Dyer, M. E. KimblI,Dob3on,Ann Richards and others each bore a faithful testimOoy. Coun. Sarah Kimball occupied a few momenta, said she felt like listening more than speaking, said she thought it a good thlDg to refrain from speaking evil of any one,even those we consider our enemies; it la better to be kind and polite to all; we want to elevate and prepare ourstlves for remi-monthl- y cd-ca- RhlgheO position alluded-teH- fi many-"goo- py d" qualities of the late Sister Smoot. Coun. E. Howard said there had baen much good instruction given, and after some other re marks said we want to be just and peacable no matter, what comes; never wound another's . feelings. Coun. Smith made a few closing remarks and the meeting adjourned for two weeks,with sing ing and benediction by Slater E. 8. Taylor. Regular meeting held Nov. 29th, at 2, p.m., President M. I. Home presiding. After singing, ( ; j ANNUAL PRIMARY MEETING.1 O i the 30th of November J..' I attended, by Invi- tation of the President, Slater Julia Howe; the anniversary of the Primary meetlng'of the 17th Ward. Many of the parents of th e children were also preaent, which waa encouragiDg to Bister Howe'and her assistants, h There were a goodly number of children present, the girls j much predominating, all looking healthy and1 happy. The order was excellent and the be- - i havlor of the children waa pretty and winning. They were very correct in answering a long list of very important questions, and the tonga and recitationa were admirably given, even by two. or three mere infants. A long by little Mias EJna Hyde was sung and accompanied by her-Be- lf in a sweet manner; her slater, Miss Liura ' Hyde, ia eecretary, and though bo young; filled her office with eae and dignity,1 worthy of Jmi. tation. I feal it must have been a proud day for Slater Howe, for she has been indefatigable in her labors in the Primary department, aso Bis ter Dougall, who has been very energetic and not forget to name Mlsa Ella Dallas, who iamoat iaiihfol and praiseworthy in her constant attendance wherever ahe can ba an assist ent, or make herself useful; she is gentle, humSuch young ladles ble and ever lady-likihould be appreciated by every one and I expect they are. I felt it wai a time of lefmhing . ' ? mu8t I-- e. f - 