.'A'- " - 118" , Giuiiie: fctood Ikbout three feet from the ground, and the mud being so .deep, I felt some dubiety about our Ikccbninlisluiig J.he journey that day in -- safety, but being etiiuulated by a s I persevered without" touch of 'regard to appearance or . the mud, with which I was geresttisly bespattered. On the opposite Fide of the road from father's camp was the camp of the Nauvoo Brass Band, and 0! their' appearance I could never for- home-sicknes- ov&m mct f urpf iFiiig, under the circumstances,-.!- -- lacdiuilbehuld. rtt, - . ctioir, thatr"WTTuld havdisherteiie71 g hail felL a little this P.P. Pratt, Tolerably fair afteruoon-4a- w O. PraU and George to-da- y - JI.-Tvtmb- allr h . To-da- - - to-da- " Bp. Miller, A.Smith council. jLThi3ibreiioon-Bro-'s Brigham and Heber went ahead seven miles to Father John Smith's camp, where they . were met by Bp. Miller and where he had formerly been encamped, but wliich he had. left and gone a few miles ahead. Here they ' proceeded to make a new organization of the companies. B. Young, H. 0. Kimball, P. P. Pratt, John Taylor, Peter' Haws and Bp. Miller, who had formerly been captains of conu panies were promoted to the office of president, and their places filled by others. In our com- - y the-beare- Kim-ball.we- nt r , : t pass by our tent on their way home; they came up from Bp. Miller's camp by request to hold "Friday 27th. to-Sara- w cviuL-suu- "Thursday 2Gth. .00 Kimbalb brother-in-laPorter started back to Isauvoo in a few days. Wednesday, April 1st, Horace wrote, "Brig- ham, with all the camp except our fifty, started on their journey intend going only six miles to Father Smith's camp,, where they are to. wait till we come up in order to hold a y father's company employed council. themselves in making ox yokes and 'doing other chores necessary for the journey. This evening wrote a. letter to NauVooJor H. c. Kimbaii." Thursday, 2nd.- "About half past eight struck our tents and proceeded to Father Smith's camp on Shoal Creek, where we found Bro. Brigham. When we arrived they were holding council-.Bro. to it and returned with the news that we were going on; consequently his company the artillery and some others went on five miles farther Jand encamped on Prairie Creek, a branch of Shoal Creek, leaving Bro; Brig-ham'- s company behind were piloted a short distance by Bishop Miller and"another brother; who then rode on to their camp.. Took leave of Porter at Brigham's camp, who returns to Nauvoo of several J letters. This day quite cloudy, butno raihr Before leaving Shoal Creek camp unloaded one of ray wagons and sent it after corn with another, putting the load on onelofJhe-othe- ragons. Crossed the Missouri State line ihiV afternoon." "Friday, 3rd. Thi3 morning soon after" breakfast Brigham's company overtook us after stopping a few minutes went on to Bish-op Miller's camp, where they intend to feed. During last night three of our oxen strayed To-da- y vonunueu snowing toiu. the till through day evening, when it cleared oil' pleasant. This afternoon Brother Pnnd took my col t and two of ou r team horses into the country with- the intention of changing " them for oxen. r " "to boot;" On the 31st 0. P." Hock well returned from Nauvoo. My husband and brother Win. received some papers from Phineas any but jt n ' ' i camp." of a ifeather bed Bishop Whitney disposed at this place valued at $9.00 in exchange for a cow, with a man living six or seven miles in Indwapped-hinv-fjranother7iviilgri0- the true .Saints, who were willing to make sacbe seven rifice and to be tried, even 'though times in the furnace of afllictiuii. k "Monday 23rd," I J oraee wote, "This after- noon, about two o'clock, had quite a hail continued storming with Morm, . rain and hairaltcrnately through the day and esterday Bro. John ; Butler came night. from Bishop Miller's camp, which is seven miles ahead be seems to like to be in advance ot the main body, as he always pulls up stakes at our approach, and goes ahead with his corn-p- a ny. lirotlivi Du iter, inln fcs It wou Id be a good Idea to go back twenty miles or so in order to get on a road which goes through the settlements, as the country through which we sire traveling affords scarcely any provender for our. cattle, some of them having had no sustenance for two days, with the exception of what they could browse in the woo'ds.'' On Tuesday we. had snow which continued with little cessation through the day. "In the afternoon," wrote Horace, "Bros. Pond and ' Burns fent into the country about eight miles and banght twenty bushels of corn at twenty-fiv- e cents a bushel rather scarce at that price. saw three deer carried by lour tent that.had been kilKd by the hunters-f- irst that we have seen on ourjourney. v, ;the country. Brother Pond returned, having disposed of the colt and another team horse for two yoke of oxen. He had been over in the State of Missouri where he made the trade, and one of the oxen proving lame Brother y -- lo-aa- - ; law-abidin- 7: a council -- . was neiu, "Saturday, zstlu. y .was what but little was done except ratifying done, yesterday at Father Smith s camp. are The roads are improyiufj4,bough"-Trier- e we learn as ahead yet, somedrylhplaces from oUr'men who occasionally go out in pursuit of game, which in this section consists principally of deer and turkeys. There: has 'been a number of them already brought into ; " out around, and ' pairy": - : The y omen were would give me a cheerful nod as they were attending to their domestic duties,7-an- d all the camps were in a similarcjgLdition to me con The. folkKiiJneident-wnTrelate- tl cerning Bro. Win. Pitt and wife, who, like were- tick with the ague, tome of the: caused Kby the cold and wet weather, and one nignt they were left behind in the mudf and vH,e;.ilo.tmi5sed tilUlate the next morn ing when some of the band went back and found.,., them. Thoie were sorry times, but who, besides the Latter-daSaints, can understand or explain the reasons for such patience and even' cheerfulness under like circumstances, having been expelled, though they were citizens, from their homes, and at that time of the year, enduring such hardships and priya- not a sad ,and some of us came consequently weredetained -- after-therearof "the company had left. I proceeded on foot to Bishop Miller's camp had not gone far before it commenced raining, which continued through a greater part of the day and night." Some of our experience during- those could not he wTitteuneither could time days erase them from my memory. This that he last mentions the road iay'over aday and the earth being soft and. inundatedprairie with the -pall that couldjvere revious-rains, obliged to -walk to favor the poor animals. Our feet would sink into the deep mud at every etep -- away, nearbeingJ minus-oH-shoe- s; as for umbrellas, they were rare articles and we Had the cold, pitiless rain beatinV down upon us all the way till we were chille ; : and shaking with the cold, and were very grateful to find asheler and a comfortable fire . in Bishop Miller's tent, where something warm was given us to drink before ascending the "steep hill on the opposite side of Shoal Creek. Bishop Miller was encamped on the south fork ' of that stream, and father took h is company . : ' with':'apitjr-'-- " get; and how l looked i'ng gaze tronVAWtroofo my. mothers wagon. Tlif-wei'e actimll v swampedinirbut-wba- t was was pany the vacancy of the office of captain filled by.StephejiMarkhamt au able and efficient officer. In each company, there was appointed two commissaries and a clerk. Jn our company the leading commissary is "David Yearsley. His business is to go ahead and engage grain, procure jobs for the company, etc. Our distributing commissary is Jedediah M. .Grant, whose, business it is - to distribute corn, oats, etc., when brought into the camp. Our clerk is John Pack, whose business it is to record all essentiahnatter - woe-be-gon- e . N'S EXPONENT. , . ' W OM A - 1 ped . Horace continues, "Thinking the rain might """hinder father from coming on, 1 started back, had not gone far before I met Brother John-::- : ' soiLof the artillery) who i n form ed r me ' ihnV father had recoverecl his cattle, the men sent out in pursuit having found a man in the act ; of driving them off,, being 1 about twelve miles Trom here, he is said to have been seen i;i our camp this morning, ' Father started about one- o'clock and arrived here at three p.m., and encamped with' Bro. Kimball's company. We - had not been here more than two hours, before the teantHat had been sent out in pursuit of corn arrived, bringAfter ascending the ing fifty-onhill Brigham with his company continued on. ' Joseph Kingsbury broke one of the thills of his bugtrv this morning soon JlejLslarlingrOccasioned ' by the horse j umpihg . suddenly.". "Saturdav. ' 1th. From the rain of the ore- vious day and night the little creek on which we are encamped is much swollen; continued raining through the day and night, consequent ly had to remain with pitched tents." "Sunday, oth. This morning the sun arose in unclouded-splendor- . Brother : Kimball called the poeple of the camp together and exhorted them to the observance of several du ties which had hitherto" been neglected one of which was that the captain of each ten should call his company, together and par take -of the sacrament, which was accordingly ' " done." On waking next morning we found it raining, and continued on without cessation till evening, when it had the appearance of clearing off, but all at once, as Horace describes it, "the sky was obscured with dark heavy clcuds, the distant roaring of the wind was heard, w hich accompanied by a cold rainj soon bunt upon us with all its fury, blowing off hats and caps,and"prostrating the tents, of which but few were found, standing in the morning. Though storm, or rather hurricane, continued the most of the night,l)ut little other damage" was sustained, except the inconvenience of being wet by the constant dripping of the rain through the covers of the wagons, where we slept,or rather, passed the n ight," I remember this very well. The camps were I about ready to retire to rest when the storm overtook us; some were in the act of evening " worship and others were preparing their beds or closing their tents and wagons for the night, when the hurricane overtook U3 "as a thief in the night," and not a wagon cover or tent could withstand it except the ones that were fastened -- downrThose who had no covering sought shelter with the ones that had till morning, when the tents were pitched and things right- ed.Nexrday it waa very cold and windy, though tolerably fair. The day previous men had again been sent into the country for corn. . . - - bu-hel- e s. - 1 -- . ..:-th- , e , To be Continued. - , - - - Man's best powers point hira God ward, Spurgeon. " 1 : . t Edward Everett Hale estimates that 10,000 men whose daily business is. selling liquors over the counter, voted for license in Boston ' ': last Tuesday.' - V r 