V 36' Editor, OMAN'S PONENT EX culatibg the petition she brought with her, end hT m aMn glh ou eee?8a'ry nr'fu iipS eu'tCfo rgt t v tia; the matter before "Cocgiefcb. No doubt he received vtry efReifmfriieli-froclergymen and -other's hereofof it .ecenis?e s.ufcc-- ded in her en-- . terprik Mr.". Newman )v,iv;-- very well that the women of Utah do not hv- i r.iiy that-ther fiueh as rignd tun re. cr r toriditicitia that of contentment and pros- '" enfrn--'-'-Ljihia- Lare in 8alt Lakv City, Utah one 'copy six months ol :nlae. Advertisiag-rates: Each b ,Uare, tenInesTof Tnonparcll ' 6 pace, one time, $2.50: per .month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to . regular tidvertiscrs.: FnLi-fcc- -- Terms: $L00 y, nc cppy one year, 3". "00; perity. We-- Exponent Oilicc, in brick building north of Z. C, M. f., iiast Temple ritrft, .' Business houra. from 10 a. m. to; 5 p. ni. every day", except Sunday. .. T '".'; ' Address all business communications to HALT LAKK AII.. AKOIE CiTY7--AUyUHTl4-18- iHE iiOJUMOXB. c Our readers will uouUJea remember , the lion rnudo in the Exponent ol Nov. loth uJJ., of a meeting held ia Cincinnati at which - 3fe. Angle F. Newman -- of NeMsli'epkepV on tho. Mormon juueaticii, end described citlio ,;a etrcng ixn:.g dition vv'cmt-i- the con o: I'caG, i thereby crcoati;jg of 'interest in behalf of the uvuHrutiuehgzoiam creaturey aod quite a larKo"'sum of nnjixy waa raked for the purpose kuiu.&izis school.. and on. the bith June, 1654, prennLd iii iho United States HeuaU by reuiUor Hour o Mae?, -- iMr.' Newunn vidi;ed HaltLDko City, bnti soon after her afrival called at this 7QnicTld"aTUliI! enlea cf thu after rteti ving her Wt; Showed her the Exponent whieu contained extracts from the Cincinnati.- Commercial G3zetto, and from the Cincinnati Inquirer. She ceeined surprised, and after iookingt the paper stated that she, M-.y- , Crit Xtws.--Immediatel- . -cb- 'from Aiin Eliza taintu-heT-nrormaticn Youugyhzx -- book5,fct-j.-- , whereas in her lecture in CiociunaU she y?ud, "Lhave spent mnch time in J,i:ttS' Hheienie jrhaving said,. "Every ho'uja in Uth is i houaeof prostitution." This liof-er- , was ti; she declared to '.b'e:un-- '' trua in thy rtporlerJH Etatemonti', .Mrs. Newman, in conversation, sa!d - she had como to Utah to eey for herself, and to examine7 tae'r subject- im-1- doetrinis of the "Mormon" Church. She j a very in teiji-nlady, a woman of wtalth, position and intluenee iu the world, and ih no u sap i capubie cf doia, reat fflnd fny -- -- - j-- 'her owii t amriij society if she would devote her energies in tne proper channel, but she has fcex taken hold cf a matter she cau never handle to do heiBcU any credit, nor will she do the women -- of Utah auy particular harm. Borne very .pointed and spirited articles were written by youyg women (plural wives), in answer to Mrs. Newman, and were published in 'December "and January jast in the Kxponent. These papers were feeut to women of influence in the world and ta Beveral members of Cangres?, in order that the falee statements which had been'made liciy might b3 rtfuted.i When Mrs. Newman came here she wa3 not awnrethatlho Latter-da- y Haint women knew that fchehad lectured on their status and condition, and fccemeOniucn surprised that we knew of It. Bhe met, while in this office, Bishop O. F. Whitney and Bishop H. 13. Clawson, and" -- ' vv.s.vdrawii up ap-fetiiio- of la ransnxTRD 4tnaneaegnllenianialkedyith.erxn subject in which ehe had manifested so much interest. Bhe said cue should call again to have some further conversation and to get informa-Wo- n on our subject, but she never came. I suppose her time was wholly occupied in cir- - v in r liT SENATOJt II (AK. 1 -- Cxn.lS'S-- i ed : ; ' .' th-franch- ied r-- OLD FOLKS EXCURSION, 1884. On the 22nd of July the OldFoIks Excursion, which, by the way, has come to be a regular yearly occurence, went to American Fork. X'here were about 000 passengers on board, and plenty of cars to seat all comfortably and to take on passengers at the several stations along the s, route. The committee, of whom Elder C. 11. Savage is now acting chairman, in the absence of Elder eorgeGeddardwere-ingloriong-spiri- ts, anjL determined the old folks should have a gala day An old folks choir (of young folks) Jed by W. H. Foster, were on board and paesedrom one car to another singing familiar, old fashioned songs : thisActaforesaldMchakes4heitefl a native born or naturalized citizen a legal voter foreign born women who have married citizens within a few days or weeks of their arrival in Utah are "permitted toyote at elections becurieg -- arHlelG4tes4a gladdeneiii . ' " 3 otli--ce- jn,-lhe- y every election by foreign born women who are wholly ignorant of our institutions and laws, and in many cases of our language. No subsequent law has changed these conditions except weaTe (Tljy t helos de-Fign- Hepresentition at the National Capital, and above all as to it5? power to perpetuate the religious bondage and domestic slavery of the women, to enfranchise1, and if upon such con-- ' ferenco and examinati shalUnnd the-fec- '.s to warrantj'thgy thai draft a petition to Congress for the disfranchisement of the women of Utah. Tne committee appointed in pursuance of the -- above resolution, having made the investigation requireo, find that the' women of Utah were hy an Act, approved February 12, 1871, that the Act was pasted by the Legislative Assembly of tho Territory of Utah, all the members of that body being men high in authority in the Mormon Church, and that it is the testimony of reliable witnefcees, of the Territory who are familiar with the facts, that the authorities of the Mormon Church placed the ballot in the hands of the women of Utah for the sole purpose of neutralizing the votes of who at the date of this Act were settling in this Territory in considerable numbers. The com mittee likewise find that . under the provisions - nd primary allegiance td.thd Mormon Churchy Under existing conditions Mormon women perpt.'t- up.t.i their own slavery by voting only for mej ' w ho con be relied upon .to "carry out the will of the Fir;5 1 Tresi Jency of the Church. As members of the Legislative Ascembiy, and as county and municipal officers, these men clothe the exactions of the Church with the forms of law, and cement the union of Church and State, and ' through their Delegate to Congress and other-wis- e they persistently oppose any legislation to lessen the power of the Mormon 'Priesthood, For the res sons sbovo given your, petitioners therefore pray that the actconferring the right of suffrage upon the women of Utah be annulled." The names attached to this paper represent at least 50,000 women of the different Christian s denominations in this country, through the of 'the several beuevolent and philanthropic associations included in the list. Petition No 2. Was presented in the Senate June 19. 1884, by ' Senator Hoar. It is tire same petition as No. 1 but signed Mrs. Angie F, Newman, Supt. of Mission work of 4he M. E. Church, Utah Territory. ' , country, and that many votes are thus cast at , of a bo u t 12,00) voters, and it would bo possible in some instan- cea to elect as county: ofllcers and members of the Legisla!ive. Assembly, men who do not owe wUu IdTTe" ed.KesolveJ: That a Committee be appointed to -confer with the civil and religiouK Salt Lnke, and to make careful investigation or the relation of the ballot in the hands of the women of Utah, torTer r'i toria j legislation and to Congrefceional JesBjhaaeixjmnihste wi-ll 1i.-t-i A hejas t &nn u aLKaeetingillbeJtVromn's Home Mieeiosary Joctety tho iUlho lie t Episcopal Church,, held m Cincinnati, Ohio, Nov. l,,ih, the following resolutions were adopt- -- of ' -- To TJIE jroNORAIJLE- THE SENATE AND HOUSE OK .REPRESENTATIVES OF THE UNITED STATES. non-Mormon- rea-iou'dilo- hu-ba- ' . ! commands of hrr ajd'tbe uutjion 'y of. the Church. Tiio"c)mruite'ti .'mtlur that as a consequence of the subjection in which Mormon, women are hdd, Hiey vote as u unit .'..r the' man'.'elected by the Church to fill ail tho offices in the gift of the people. Biiould the set conferring sqtfrago upon the women of Utah ba annulled, the p'J wer of thoMormon ieaders ; ji'sk T pl-ura- 1. v. s. senate, mr-r-pfr- , -- - ". i-- tr - -- e--- , et b-- - Subfe-qurnii- y i hro1 i Congress." Another says, "Is It true that- - the opposing women of Utah' have asked f uch ahl)U tragt?,, an;i then a&ks for information concerning tho movements made, aml on r- ''."' I'ETITIONS. rnnrioN' no. k find-that ' - ANTI.-MORMON- rcir to tl,0 Tiio iiiHl;'y u -'- ,- t ' to ' itfe . : of ehiubjisUig.-- - A' leading worrian in one of the most influential States in tho union '''denounces the Edmunds bill aa the vilest outrage upon. the American women, and one which deserves to be stricken from the calendar of the United States F. NE vVii ANS CRUSADE AGAIJWST Ihf ulrrm o'rd-r- in-ver- r age. ppo-itio-- laws of Utah, vnich dfprivo the" .wife (.( tf rg f(", : Lgk-- f tl--ii o we r - a ni.J n '.'or" her'-i'i u: Hand, gy t he', hui-31- : eny or earnings' to band the. power punisii thu .wfiTfor Ji'scb.-.dof u ho-,nud of tho' epee, by depriving "means ol pupp jn; ar.l .'as' ihU power ia ariJ li be?n exercised t compr: --vvemen to ll bni i, u, to the introJuci-i- i of wives , into' thy to. household, it'is- li'--t tuppok) that h r ik a uf ft lunjifeditW- tjul o rries-nsof support by .voting iu to 'tho con-ecr- u S4r n excHJiiiiiiuniCtvtb.ai.:--Thfy- -ai ' Balt Lake City Utah. v.ue-i- -i fall intent. Lm dis interested in the suffrage movement in tb.e States have written ua rrkir;g information 4 in C ft ah by" thn ing tboj3ourse women ho favored thia petition, snd denouno--i- c etrong terms tho act'cii on the part, of any woman to take av;ay the right of s.utl.- pur-?t?- of fb.TTKr. ti-t- , thcHpli t w ive-4tt- g ir '. that cur reader? rnsy know : ' V ; : nuxhrfr-e- itu'il, and tha.t"toUa"a wtii-ttfftrrHtrauhoriTi'--1- - - tb-em- . - xn-- : rnon Church hi ; she-or-he- iWlHUvk'hW iie fcidcracrd.4tT-ebW5'- f d under the rulings of the Utah Commission thj y must be six' mVu thT'rTdeitC'iTis crii mi 1 1 airio rind tliat the Mormon thus e veterans. The oldest lady on the train was Sister Mary Bishop of the 10th Ward, aged SO years, and the oldest man Brother James Burgon of Union, gedDl Sister Almira Covey of the 12th .Ward, -- -- 