2- - 1 'i hts of the Women of Zion,: The : . J Vol. KU No. (For the Exponent'. rv " li self-sacrifici- UP AND NOT DOWN THE iIILL OF .'LIFEs V missionaries of the latter- - . quiet, .day Saint3! The hymn was sung by the friends gathered -, together in that log cabin; the last sweetnote was sounded. A missionary had taken-uthe sacred Bible, when a murderous mob in furious hate rushed to the gate. One came in, unslung a shot gun from the wall and shot the unoffend- ing missionary under the arm. He clutched the wouna,ieii against tne oea ana aiea. iso 2 his lips; he died a martyr to the' r T"" Some say Uis down the Jiill of life 'That we are' travelings lear old And Ihat'the heights are longeluco And we are'faUin'g fairing' last.j p ; wife,. 'H- . Iast,r7J - '' " Bat 'tis not true this what they say : Though they cryyea, I answer nay i ''I say1 'tis .'up the hill we go, Li And while we travel I otight to know. Don't we look back, as we ascend Over the journey clear to the end? Cannot we Bee, though our eyes are dimjQ All 01 iXKJ past nanny wu w luciu; Cannot we feel we are drawing near Tbpse who arc gone to the higher sphere; Nearer the treasures we lost long ago? : word-escape- d eausenof trathTT" 'Tir-- ' . IP deadly execution, he fell himself to the floor, . CM d - t - warm-hearte- d, . ' w F " far-fam- ed - And at church, what will concentrate the mindsDfther audience on God more than a beautiful hymn or anthem? What a grand ef- -' feet martial music ha3 'upon the soldier; how quick one martial strain will convert cowardice to bravery? The pale cheek glows with excite- ment and desire for approaching- - combat; the " whole man is changed, and at the inspiring call of fife and drum he boldly marches against the foe.' How it thrills the dancer till the weary feet forget their weariness as they move to and Iro by its magic spell. What sound will have as great an effect as the hoot of an'owi when you are in a melah choly frame of mind, say, for iustance, when you are alone in ,the dusk of evening, when you prefer your. own company to that of any other, then the hooting of the owl . haa a blentiing with your own feelings, and any other sound at that moment would grate upon your feelings ! lins is not confined to mankind alone, the am mal creation is worked upon by its powerful in fluence, the slimy reptile, the enemy of man, is brought into submission by its charms. The howling, gnashing, roaring beast is subdued by its power. God ordained this one art to be. a blessing, a comfort, caused it to penetrate every fibre of every living thing; and why should we not cultivate this one great charm? We read of angels singing sweot songs and playing sweet strains upon their harp3 of gold around the throne of GodV ' Ve att can teeV how glor-iou- 3 this must be. To God we owe this choice blessing, a bless- ing that brings peace and love; and may we all have the pleasure of touching the strings of the golden iiarps in tne neaven aoove. J. E.'ClIILDS -- Manuscript Paper, The Home Writer, Y. L. M. I. A., Orangeville, Emery Co. . With demoniac rage another of the mob took aim at another missionarv. and while his 5?) comrade grasped the riile. to keep it from without a; shot by theinfunated.mob, and-die-struggle. A youth was 7 the next Victim, ijiS-- K only crime a belief in the principles of salva-- " U ikLA UUb JUCj lion anu ueinenumg me oainw. v j true, this old clay is crumbling fast, At his fall his impulsive True; that for long it cannot last. brother shot the murderer. 'Til have revenge," Rut. thflrH'K within .. a Knmpthinr ,vet . 1 was heard, and young Hudson fell mortally Grows ever stronger as np we get wounded. Traveling upward is the bnl. As if this work of death "was not enough to HIghendhigher towardatho goal satisfy the insatiate spirit of murder, the mob Itand in hand, my dear old wife, fired a volley through the windowwhch hit Up to the future better life. the mother of the boys, and entered the dead body of Elder William S. Berry. They left, and anguish for their cruel beA SABBATH IN TENNESSEE. reavement and care for the wounded, occupied those that were still left alive from the awful massacre. One missionary alone escaped, by - The quiet, still Sunday air, in a log caLin in filled with the State of Tennessee, was the, fleeing to the protection of the woods. . few A were" music. sacred of This dark deed was in a land of liberty, in sweet strains -a time of peace, in an enlightened age, in a gathering tpgether preparatory to divine wor'humble nation that boasts its freedom, and invites the" ship. The' hearts of. those in that inhabitants of other climes to dwell in this dwellingwere filledwith peace and love to- huland of peace. How has liberty fallen? wards each other, and towards the whole " Mourn ye, people of. the nation for he trans- -' man race.Those were there who had left their pleasant gression of your laws, for the rampant spirit of murder that stains your fair land with the homes, their wives and children, sisters and friends dear blood of innocence, that will assuredly cry unbrothers, fathers and mothers and to heaven against the participants, and those to them, in the vales of the rugged mountain that applaud the act. 'Mourn for the trouble tops of Utah, to preach life and 'salvation to not know God, those yho sat in darkness, that that will befall you, mourn for the desolation that await3 you, by earthquakes, lightnings, but who must hear of the truth of the Gospel. So then had -- they come bringing glad tidings tornadoes and; pestilence, unless you turn and of great joy, words that the Lord himself had repent. Mourn for the evil days that are com'Vengeance is mine, and. I will repay," ing. given that a new dispensation was opened. -- safth the Lordrand HiCwbrds They preached faith , repentance, and baptism of on-the with widows,4he fatherless, We rurn ; forthe;re)jnissT6ii bLsins, the laying hands that they might receive the Holy .Ghost, the brothers and sisters, the parents and the as they did anciently. They Iaitj the plan of aged ihother, who loved the martyred ones. salvation before the people; they could choose "They have sealed their testimonies with their blood. Their exaltation is sure. A glorious for themselves. If those they preached to had reward will bo theirs, and a martyr's crown will faith, repented of their sins and were baptized can by one holding authority from God, handed they wear. They are where no power down by John the Baptist, then had they enhurt them now. Emily B. Spenceii. tered by the only door.and were on the straigh and narrow way' that leads to life eternal. Then angels rejoiced that some of the hildren MUSIC. ofmortals had obeyed the trutbpwhile Satan and his emissaries raged that their power and There is a great power in music ! Among influence were diminishing, and, that more had the fine arts this ha3 the' strongest effeet upon been snatched from their evil clutches. Seek the human character. No lover of music can ing those that listed the evil one to obey, they stirred up their minds to hatred and envy, and. help but be moved by its influence, no matter in what shape it comes, though it has its differ: planted therein the fpul,;dark thought of mur-de- r. ent effects upon the human mind. Who has Painting up the characters of these innonot had his heart melted into tenderness and cent men with the deepest - colors of iniquity, the fountain of his tears broken up by some the peaceful into the troubled, they transformed ' ahd the Virtuous into the abominable. Such touching appeal of melody? Even the s'avsge who will stand mute and dumb in gazing upon was 7 their1 power.v Their priests denounced the most beautiful painting or piece of archi- them,anlly every art, themselves misinformed, '. tecture may be tamed or subdued by the overstrove to impart to their hearers, by: quotations iVom vile powering influence of music. productions, their hatred against the A " . . - . MISCELLANEOUS. The recognition of sin is the beginning of salvation. Luther, - . . . ; Crimes sometimes shock us too much; vices, almost always too little. JIale. h'fi'b'SViafiildblest-rve- - are those which are set toward hich ideals. And .the highest and noblest ideal that any man can have is ; Jesus of Nazareth. Almeron. Jenny Lind, the renowned singer 13 spend- - ing the autumn of her days in a charmimr. home which she purchased last year at Wind s Point, Eng. It is a romantic spot, and looks upon tho scene of tho Tewksbury fight, Gloucester, Cheltenham, Shakespeare's Avon, the beacon tower that gave forth its light to' tell the anxious Parliament in London that Charles was defeated in the fight at Edgehill, and other points of historic interest. It i3 one of the most notable homes in England. Good men have tried the Bible; in youth and in old age; in sickness .and in health; in business and at home; in life and in death. Lawyers have tried it; statesmen have tried it; society hastried it in its charities, its education and its laws; but it is not worn out;itis not affected; it i3 ever young and never old; it ii the Lord's Book; we need no other; the longer it is tried the more, satisfactorily it is proved the Word of the Lord, which abideth forever. -- Dr. Halt. ' . . , . ; 