WOM 58 TRAVELS BEYOND .TH? MISSISSIPPI. AN' 8 EXPONENT. i in our faces,, but soon we are at the mouth of intervals between the wagons. The cattle the canyon and now we begin to feel the cool J were folded in high fenced yards outside; the canyon breeze, and oh,how relreshiug it is; how quadrangle inside was left vacant for the we enjoy it, even the babies seem to appreciate in cake of ventilation, and the streets covered one with leafy arbor wjrk, and kept scrupulously gettinr where it is cool. But here we have rwVW-v:'------- ;-disad van task. .This walk. 3 cloister shaded cleanformednt: good'yonnroada'i , yet rough j enough to iwas the place of efiiobo for;iowly recovering : aie one considerably; but still we enioy it-- all, shake the and of the infants, "invalids,: thedfiy-home- ; the rough roads, the cooL breeze ana the ' evening promenade of all. beautiful scenery. "From the first foundation of the camp all the road winds along a clear Etream, Here its inhabitants were constantly and laboriously -- bordered with green grass andmbss7 with flowoccupied.' Many of them were highly-edu- ers blooming here and there, with' gigantic eated mechanics, and seemed only to need a rocks on either side of us. looking as though day's anticipated rest to1 engage, them at the they were about to give way and fall upon us; forge, loom or turning" latheTupon some needana finally, when horses and children are alike I have ed chore of work. tired, we camp; next we build a camp fire and had a piece of cloth, the wool of which was sheared, and dyed, and spun and woven during proceed to get supper, but, unlike some, we do not fret over our, complexions, so if the fire a progress of oyer three hundred miles. beats and reddens our faces it. does not inter-ifer- g The chiefs were seldom without some curi" with our pleasure as we hasten our supous affair on hand o settle with the restless i .Indians; while the immense labor and respon per and retire. Awake with the sun, get breakfast and resibility of the conduct of their unwieldly raove sume our journey and. about 10 o'clock, tired i commissariat of i ts hunng army, and-thand' jaded, reach our destination, the saw and dreds of famishing poor also devolved upon them. They had good men they called Bishops, shingle mills, situated in a beautiful spot in tho whose special office it Was to look up the cases tops of the mountains, with four or five families residing in small cabins, cooking for the of extremest suffering, and their relief parties mill hands. How beautiful every thing looks were out night and day to scour over every around us, beautiful flowers, stately trees, war- , trail. "A strong trait of the Morraonswas. their bling. birds, and a babbling brook rushing over rocks, winding around here and there, and ihess to their brute dependerits,and particu finally disappearing in the distance. larly to their beasts of draught They gave -- After enjoying the them the holiday of the Sabbath whenever it scenery a short time, to erase some of the travel stains and came round. I believe they would have for the morrow. As evening ourselves rest washed them with old wine after the example found it quite cold, in fact shawls of the emigrant Carthaginians, had they had" were quite comfortable; some retired as soon as The great mass of these pilgrims of any. " ... the desert were made up of poor folks, who had possible. At day break we were awakened by the safled in destitution from Nauvoo and been relute of artillery and music by the brass band, fused a resting place by the people of Iowa. ; "under the leadership of Bro. S. R. Jenks. At "It is difficult- to fully understand the state sunrise the stars and stripes were raised, with of helplessness in which some of these would rausifrom the band, which sounded sweet, alarrive after accomplishing a journey of such extent, under circumstances of so much privathough there was only a part of our band tion and peril. there, thosefew were working at the mill and . "Beside the common duty of guiding and ashappened to have their instruments with them. soon as possible we gathered together and As these unfortunates, the companies in the sisting van united in providing the highway for the prepared to cook dinner and all dine together, the men preparing a shady place, where we could entire body of emigrants. The Mormons have laid out for themselves a road through spread a table large enough for all to sit down. We then partook of a hearty dinner; all seemed Territory,-ov- er four hundred -to be full of sport and to enjoy themselves. Af-leagues in length, with substantial, well built ter dinner we all proceeded to a large reservoir, bridges, fit for the passage of heavy artillery, where they had a raft prepared and we all over all the streams except a few great rivers, where they have established permanent ferries. enjoyed a ride on the waterj both old and The nearest unfinished bridging to thePapillon young, large and small. We were also entertained with music from the band. Those who camp was that of the "Conne a Cerf," or Elk have heard music on the water can imagine Horn, a tributary of tho Platte, distant, mayhow sweet and heavenly it sounded. There be, a couple of hours' march. Here," in what seemed to be an incredibly short space of were also a number of songs sung bythe assem time, there rose the seven great piers and abut- bly, one wka very nice and was com poa ed that ments of- a bridge, such" as niighi challenge rSbrningTor The occasion by Josie E. Childs. honors for the entire public-spiriteAfter spending the day pleasantly we, repopulation of Lower Virginia. The party detailed to the turned to the Louses and spent another cool task worked in the broiling sun, in water benight in the mountains, and the next day returned to our homes in the hot and dusty Tayond depth, and up to their necks, as if en' ller, tired, hungry and dusty, where we felt to gaged in the1 perpetration of some pointed and delightful practical joke. The chief sport lay say with the Xens, oh , for a lodge in some vast in floating alont'O with the Ws'rnf fYmn iha wilderness of ice cream and shade trees! bu 0 -- I overhanging limber up the -- stream, guiding Aggie Childs. them till they reached their destination, and Orangcville, Emery Co., Aug. 4th. ' then plunging them under water in the nrecise spot where they were to be secured. This the Mr3. Elizabeth Cady Stanton contributed an laughing engineers would execute with the able article to the September Xorth American agility of happy diving ducks." Review on "The Need of Liberal Divorce laws." A TRIP TO THE MOUNTAINS, .t Know thy opportunity; prepare for it. Break " stone, if it be thy business, for the chariot-wheel- s Hurry! hurry! first one parcel and then anof princes. You may be called to ride, other (for nothing must be forgotten), then we before the sun set. Providence Journal. will be off to spend the 24th of in the July mountains: babies dfAssprT wrnmfc anA . There is the law of benefits between men: the Uvt put m .j-fk..the wagon, and at last everything is one ought to forget at once what he has given, and ... w v Vuv iuau. jut juuw warmready me sun and the other ought never to forget what he beats down upon us, and thy dust, how it flies has received. Seneca. r - , , BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. Continued.') Wf Colonel Kane, as before stated, was of:fiwjendingp'io 'Fort':- vThj for "Lils Mormon friends,r fearing thai a relanse c might take him off, and his death might tie laid to their charge. He came amonf us with ' X the intention m i . "i i J l .i wio fcu auge peopie - no naa oeen scrwrrioiyv persecuted, and were, now exiles from their homes, and the spots doubly sacred the rest-- . irig place of 'their dear , ones, and after all. the sorrows and suffering endured at the hands of the government, they had willingly responded to the first call. Thu3 was explained the act of his standing g by the side of our tent, on his first arrival at the camp. There was nothing that seemed to escape his notice. The little children who came around - Brother - Jcde-diahtent, where he was nursed during his sickness, were objects of interest. One of Mother Whitney' little ones, a beautiful, fair, curly haired boy, who was just recovering from a severe illness, was one that attracted his attention. As he was only a few rods from us the child was often seen at the tent door where " -- hfe lay, Dtas he sat under ouide ' The next spring there came to his friends numerous and various tokens of remembrance. Among them was a box containing fishing tackle, etc., which was sent to the little d Whitney boy; also the old nurse who was living in Bishop Whitney's family 4unt Sabry Granger was remembered .to a large box of superior black tea. As she parted with a portion of it, my mother purchased a few pounds, and I, being among the invalids, was daily treated to-- this delicious beverage. None were forgotten who had made his acquaintance, or done him the slightest favor. The presents, though, did not . arrive till after the pioneers had left. I take the. following extracts from Colonel Kane's Historical Discourse, delivered March 20th, 1850, as he gives the most interesting and accurate description of what he termed the "Tabernacle carops:?, ... "The character of their everyday life, its routine and conduct, alone offered any exclu- si ve or marked peculiarity. Their romantic devotional observances, and their admirable concert of purpose and action, met the eye at once. After these the stranger was most struck, perhaps, by the strict order of march, the unconfused closing up to meet attack, the skillful securing of the cattle upon the halt, the system with which the watches were set at and lines the of the corral gljarl.,em Jght With other similar circnmsfflnH inr!;; oi the maintenance of a high state of disci-- ' T ; " T . eaves-droppin- 's theber . fair-haire- . -- pline. The most striking feature, however, of the Mormon emigration was, undoubtedly, their formation of the Tabernacle camps and y stakes or settlements, which renewed jiT tem-porar- the sleeping solitudes, everywhere along their the road, ' cheering signs of intelligent and hopeful lift?. "I will make this remark, plainer by describing to you one of these eatnps, with tho daily routine of its inhabitants. I select, at random, for my purpose, a large camp upon .the delta betweenNebraska and Missouri, in the Territory disputed between the Omaha and Otto and Missouri. Indians. It remained pitched here for nearly two months, during which time I resided in it. ; "The wagons, as they arrived .took their positions along its four sides in double rows, so as or aSe wa' between ILvT Theu;-J-tents were disposed also in rows a.t 8Sr 1 . - . . we-endea- vor lve " - - . the--India- n -- d , 7 ' " . - I v' I 