w The.Bitao all Nations,- YTL. 13. JALT --LAKE dITY, TO PK1ENDS AT HOME I and snug and hoine-likc- , in moon. shines the little T;3 swcetjy Vy'indGW facing toward the cast, And oft I wonder if 'tis aught like ;A!)rhhr.m'i? lent we read of in his wandering.-ill3 pitched islvir by an ancient ruin, And I have gathered relies of the sJccj dng Fast, which wakens thought, and pictures Pass before me, which I would that I could I's'w.i for you. is He-taug- . otri h 'iuiin ''u K'H it :. l 11' iealfUn4ie , : eiiiiie4;y;jiny ' . ; Wunld speak tonight; yes, I had. letters Come from home tjKlay, and other tokens, Too, o! love and friendship from the Dear ones there. v And now you seem to come before me as ' I saw you last, ere starting on my ' , my heart is fall And fervent is the prayer that . ! t, God Will bless and keep you safe.. Unlir we"meet again. My past, has been as bright as friendship Pure could make it; its power has Made Uies silver lining to the Clouds that rose. ' : ', Seems JLuriw What will the ncord be? I know doI but I pray the God, 'Whobe power I've felt through all Tne past, will guide me still; I stand upon. the aehes of the past And long to know its history; Around me is a people Ho has Said shall be redeemed, restored, ' ' "And made "'fwhlteltnd deiihtsonie;'' They've fallen low, but His all" powerful ' Arm can nft,them up.l h, when will man 'learn what dead grow on tin's blighting tree, Learn wisdom from its record in the past,' And shun its fearful power. There's work to do for all, And liuue need be atease in Zioii, For our Gud's Saints must help. Jiedeem, rettou: and build again Iter places made so desolate. But lo, time, onward flies; l;in dom on the eartlf again tor the last time, to restore all the blesinirs that .were enioved bv the saints in ancient tinier, and we bear testi-mpthat the power :and gifts of the Holy Gh'Wt are enjoyed by those who obey the law with an honest heart, that we know that these tilings are true ami" that we aiV governed by the regulations and laws which governed the . - " . the luid night hour as Here I sit and pondcrHhinking, .Thiukiui', until thoughts run wild: There Is so much within the past, The present and the future, to arouse The sleeping senses and to Btir the ' Soul even into its depths, But I must say good night Think of me bi your gatherings, "Where feootrea I have mingled with Xn , an d t'i-- c gl xd, sacial r hours My heart can ne'er forget, sx Bear to be Jargottdi. rr . - - j--- . of ourJiiherejiirjgKti.nlJve-prote.rt-agamstTtlno- st emphatically.. ; Every organized Territory should have tho right that the early ''Revolutionary Fathers claimed of Groat Britain and bled to obtain that is, of making its own laws and being rep: resented in tUc gtrveval assembly as aconieder ate' power, being represented by men of our own choice, bona, fide residents of the Territory, men that understand the circumstances e people, that1 have ktimvn the struggles and hardships the people have endured to make the territory what it is -. , ng . of-th- UnitedStalesha?7 no business with the domestic relations of Utah- .- The nations of the earth stand and look .aghast and with wonder at the farce being enacted on 'the .J American ccntinent, an i:uuisilion on Ibot.to 'compel crime. citizens' to convict ihlmsclvc'of ' ; v.. 0. Liberty ! A "sound once delightful tr Now fallen and tramevery American ear is it possible that such things pled under foot, ex is t in rthkthrrTitffClTitlf-'liturym"tli e -once proud laud of freedom, a land of enlight- ened statesmen, of advanced education? Is it true that the sons and daughters of monarchy - : ,. . can hold in derijion and - laugh to-- scorn the boasted institutions of libertythat has caused the best blood of the age to be spilt? Oh, cannot, the latent spark that still lingers in the heart3 of some be brought to bear to save the nationfrom utter destruction? Yes. The.Lord God of heaven will come out of His hiding place eie long, and destroy .wickedness 'and rule in the councils of men, to dispense equity and. people, and save the justice to a Constitution from shame and ruin, raise tho "Flag of Liberty to its pristine beauty and glory and vindicate a loyal people frcdirdhe false 7 charge of treason. - . S. : - -- down-trodde- n S.A.Fullmer., Orangeville, June 15th, 1884. . ..- - . 8, ' - . of-dll-fa- ; -- ! The-peop- :. ons all comprehension. Senator Brown says, "he can see no difference between our system of marriage and the oll-pri- oca'-fruit- - dare men enact laws, in the teeth of the "divine law;" it is more than- a moral law, it is a command of God, a divine law, that a holy and pure seed maybe raised unto the Lord of Hosts, lie has said, "For if I will, saith the Lord of .Hosts, raise up seed unto me, I will command my people." He has commanded His people, and they have obeyed the law, and He wiil ' protect Hi3.peopIein.thdr.-.ob"edieDec.'- '. ., It is true accorSing to the Scriptures that darkness covers the earth and gross darkness the minds of the people,- when men of talent and sound judgment on other subjects should be so blind to reason when xthey undertake to solve the 31ormon problem. How they can confound the present state of immorality extant upon the earth with the holy order of'inarriage as instituted : by our Heavenly Father, passes prostitution of the New England States." At the same time : he; says. .'Under, the JlormonJ. system the husband is married to a plurality of wive.?, he cohabits' with them all as his wives, and they are generally prolific of offspringTr: Accordiug to the law of his church he believes . his are legal and it is his duty, to care for and support them all alike. The mother of .each is regarded as; his' legal wife, .and each of -the children asiis son or daughter. The family is sustained and kept together according to the old patriarchal usage. le are an T industrious, laborious people; they are a thrifty people. In o beggars or tramps are found iu the streets. Pauperism is but little known in the Territory. What they call adultery or the cohabitation by a Morrnon husband with a worn- an to whomie is nut married, according to the church rites, is regarded as a great crime; and I believe it is generally admitted that prior to the settlement of Gentiles among them neither were known prostitution nor houses in the extent to any Territory." And yet he sees no difference between such a people and the pictures he draw.-- of the cDndn'on of the Btites. According to his estimation, NftW York had 12,(KX) prostitute," thouiaurL of iUc-- -- 1 will give our sistheir integrity to tho rights of drec dom, the right, of free thought, the right of conscience to worship God accord-Ju- g to our convietious of right, to keep sacred the home tie, the confidence that exists between husband and wife. It is the hcighth o opjyres sion to be compelled- to submit; to such inva-s- i ftejhcllnigritEa ters strength fo maintain - ; Here in this far of!" land it. another page in life Jtxears 'compelled fojt naiitlaEJstabl HBArKmg h- ti.is that I would tpeak Tu night; let the past rest until the timo ' Wh ii eurth and seas shall render up Their hidden treasurvs, when sleeping ' DnA shall ri.se and break the silence ' Of the tomb. T It is of you, dear friends, That I Wanderings-- ng ToT-havi- ith - ht. : e -- ' erotSj I lis ...Hc.re.whv re people theT -of heaven, and blessed wpTtncTptt-'d The thtre th it they might tarry hcn ate ti--i- 1 upoD-th- e " . Is this the land whore Christ came to "11 is sheep which were not of this, fold" fk're where, the'si tea was given of His Kiyal birth, and th.it riread'sign of ' ltrkness which foretold f is death1 T I belie ve that that state or nation which in its legislation conforms most strictly to the moral law lainl down by the Creator Himself will he blest and most prosperous. No (A'-member pf'Cvg&?-a"lgisJatyro of a state has a moral right to enact laws ul' the Divine lawv1 We, as a peoJn the ple, declare unto the world that the order of - plural marriage is a divine lav, given unto this generation for th-- exaltation and .elevation of the hum-i- family; that the Lord, the mudir.v ruler of the he:tvns. and earth- with HiSon Jesus Chri.-t-, came down from heaven and revealed Himself; unto Joseph 'andcoa-lerre- d him the upm Holy Priesthood with the 4)awer-theret- o seal an earth and .it should" be lii-jst- , .And-suM'erinj- gitimate children are born without the protec" tion of ii father, aiuliu iriost instances both, mother and child are discarded and cast into the Streets to niitke a living as bestthey can, and sink into destruction both body and-sou- l; vhile the mdn is retained in society, can vote, , in the "nation or ; li old office, and may-dictbear rule; and men are sent out here to ' piny "Paul Pry," and invade the .acred precincts of tb-- home circle and dr.ng mjirjen bdbrea.jury to ULlU'y against their husbands:, their lawful protectors.. Such men, and only such, would stoop to drag young ladies from and - immure thTin in prison thejtiioral. courage to maintain the right of frccwillto refuse: to answer .questions... 'they have no right toaVdr, no . to-nig- Lilt 188. 15, THE-- MOKAL LAW AND LIBERTY. - s 'A JJY ' mn alone My - UTAH, - Minutes of the Ladies' Con feren ce in Sal t Weber and. UtahS takes "Lake, other notices of 'ladies' meetiogs arelaid over for lac!: of snacej howcyer th notices will course in due of time; appear als-sevcr- -- al . - 