1 183 r yatlemlti.ncesecinng small in comparison yU- Uthe mi ruber .of no in hers; hut- when we take .a faithful few--: v, wart Li n to consul e ra t ioi r U do is v.l::tt minute women ready to required id" their". duty, romfortiisg the d,w:- than, doing f - .?u:t rted and a iiie t el, tcedi ng t h- nw r v ' clothing the naked, attending to the want.,' i'n ; Sister Zina V. Smith thought the soul needed food as well as therbody, and wcshould en-- " . KTO-is-i- t- joy this great picni.jof spintual ( jh-Vt- :3thc7"nrrldc pjrjiuaiiyrs pea KinvofTitnetortnaTlTTl -- the.grciatK n connection with the more' common -tcr?, daily life. ,.afl'air of W h atfrearard im nui'e'a mil? , (..an' wcT ' Ti'-Mgh- Zx ct4i tr eaftcri t.wo-.d..share equally with those who have labored tly and faithfully? ',. Kp, we can not ; we .must extend the hand of Jove and charity "do those not of us'; let them get the relh things that we get, how strengthening it would be to both body and .spirit. - She felt to a.4; Father ; iil-ige- . . i ; Bishop Johns tdutie-i- said, "i'ho . instructions are t will-bri)U. There IsTaT lefornration among the :eoj)lein obeyin"- the i ... Ml ,1 worn oi wisfiom, and ine saints Dili liilVO imir of 1 1 is spirit in consequence of obeying it. Jenedic- Gmfyrenco adjourned till 2 p.m. dead'; re fern xl brjefytolliisw'orlr4iiihL ingof tern j)les, etc. . r Sister Smith .showed " Mainly and iii a beautiful manner the difference :).: t n; and the world; The work of God, and the work of the evil one. Exhorted her sistLn; to he careful-ithe training.of their children, teac'i-intruthfulness; obedience and a Iovc'l.ir. oioy the good, the noble and beautiful Lei:.- - an lv n hereafter.. of-the- the-Lo- d an"d-:4der- 'his niind hulmii-l)cdv)iig- Brother Joseph Parry was ail; of his. 'brothers and is-- totTieK-iet- ( ,t.. incidents of hrr experience. Hs nry 11. ('luff niade some very instructive .,ami'ijiixiri.s iing-r- c ma rk ; the sisters that are here are an active part in their various ward-- , and Lam- happy to spx-ato those sis1 d ters. not know what the. ..Bishop would do 'without thi.ir help, and the influence of the edi- fied with the remarks ed year;dad become acquainted with many that ho wo.ukJ not have known other no ke f the power of God in" convinc Wis ing us of the f ruth of his work, and gave some ' I er for many tht-r?r'irith- r, - pka.-e- 'l tlro.-;Johns'.H:- -'- - ters; thought to profit by the teaching, vve IroL to trea.su re't hem in our minds. We came.Len.!,' :to gather the true riches, of the Kingdom f God. Bro. Parry referred "to the' Script" on charity. Both Bro. Wallace, and Parry exphm' d many grand and principles with regard to the work of women, and Kingdom of u-d k i Young Ladies and Primary Associations.IL 'should give their experience it would make all -volumes; experiences that wc have gained are bulwarks tint, no ball can penetrate; th',- world cannot comprehend us. Let us continue.. in .. "Let us remember the aged, those that have helped to build up the Kingdom,-- ' and may the blessirigs oLGodbawith, Mtr - oithe eartlriuthT3"ge" -- -- Sister Richards made a fewr closing remarks, hoped all with her would irive to keep t he commahdments of God, and divo unspotted be-- ; fore the world. Aske(l.Jlui,d.)IesidngS-- of. the Lord to rest upon. all,' that they might go home safely, rejoicing in the goodness and mercies of-the. Lord. Conference aeljourned for three months with ,singing,-iAwak- e, ye defenders of Zion." 1 c n ediction by Bishop Critchlow. ' -- Aimm, Conference as Second Counselor to Margaret T. Smoot in the Stake organization of the Relief Society of Utah Coun ty. The motion was car - After singing 'Conference for three months. Benediction" by adjourned lied-unanimou- sly. ' II. II. Clujf. -- beloved ' president, Ma S.r:oot, health of-o-ur not permitting her to be present. Conference opened with the usual e'xerehes of singing and prayer, reading of minutes of former Conference" reports, etc Sister John regretted that we had no visitors from the city o meet with us, but thought we might beT edi- - . -- ; : , The statistical and fiuancial report is lows: rnovo, utaii staj:e. Minutes of ths Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies of Utah County, held" i;: fho meeting house, Provp City, February Mi.h, 1884, Counselor Mary John presiding, tho r " After a few more remarks from Sister John fne name of Sister Khoda Lyman, wife of F. M. Lainan, was; proposed to tho - ; I the;-'u-ua- l "iTsHgenHtr.--- rd as .acpeptabLQto-I- f im- ,great knowledge and widoi;;. , , Conference opened with exerci;es. A una K. Smoot spoke benefit these Si-t- : God,-praye- " I Afternoon. - er-K-im i 1 t ion by Bro. G rave. had g1 ready been expn ssed.- Ih; a!.-- o sj)jke ofiab,.r among uj)onthe Gospel and great-fielthe saints of to inspire the' saints to loo'k after the. saints 'in a mauner our: Father world. ti-T- g ;BUlh remarks made with irreat satisfaction: : n: - . - w , d'.'iri. .the -- . - ; g n at -- is-no- t - ar-oi'gr- in.-py--od - he;re-after- . wi-alt- -- The Comforter wiil not dwell with envy, strife, faulttinding and many other things not , Gm. Our first'outy as a lie! it t fitch over Hociety is to look after the poor, mid.-tsuffer in them that none may our ; this needs wisdom, this God alone can give. Said it was also the duty of every sister teacher to administer to her sick sisters if called upon to do so; theyhould Jjp prayerful and humble, and, through faith, bring down blessings from " att-'iul- t wa s '' senses. "Praise to thelnan who communes with Jeho-- ' yah." Benediction by Counselor C. F. Middleton. "' s. After-noosession commenced at two p.m; with singings and prayer. After the reading of the County Treasurer's report, Sisters Genet Bingham, Ann Beckington and Martha Bingham each gave a favorable verbal report of. her respective society i imi'chT'lo" Si-t- r r Smitlr sa i. that S no v " very to contribute of our mean's to spine :gool 'work-Spoke of tlie usefulne.-- s 'viTthc'.' Primary Associations; referred to the silk industry; advised mothers to let their. daughtersjeiTii to reel sjlk: -nnd tlreyTvrOTird h'nvear trade that would be beneiieird to tlieni, etc. -Mary LHon Cluff thought the sisters tbe-- e ' did n i meetings as, punctually 'as.--, li! irl:'l, ;ind were the'losers rhey thereby, these ocie.!ks importance, being organized hy Jo.n j,;i Siaiih. Iet us be charitable, our greatest responsibilities, be'good, be are our chiidn n, tiiev will bear off. this Kin"-- oL the wrbl, norlami' of world 'the. that brought so 'large a congregation' together, btitja 'more.- nobbi olcct thern. Goirhas spoken,, has perilled 'rr, :h;: same God that spoke ancicnth the life with lived we of beginning before, pi: us, to coining here. Are we here to work fur selvc s alum? Xo; to v.;ork ..r the vis!;r ;u,il jrayjdet- -i - . not the'pride which takes of the things of God and shows us how to comprehend all things in a right and proper manner. We are the favored, few whose hearts have been touched; let us he very watchful orer these frail natures, Ie.-- t we iq as- - ; but trrs,7n7jroniy hoped to live worthy of the "society of the true saints of G;d "for all time. Spoke on many other thing- - of importance; asked God to bless and prolong oru lives that wc might be the means of doing all we came: here to do : Zina Y. Hmith desired an interest in the prayera of her brothers and sLters; felt that it was the desire of every heart to accomplish something and do some good. Our hearts are filled with love and confidence in each other. Do we pray for the Relief Societies in our family circle? The late President hrigham these Young prayed daily for the welfare of we can feel the ' spreading work of the. word of wisdom; what a longdiv-ineffect it will have upon the spirit as well as the body. Spoke of prayer: prayer was th e Saint?. There are many key to the Latter-da- y things the Lord will reveal unto us yet. Heard JBroth bail -- eayfou rteen yea rj- - ago -- i f'z every person bowed the knee night and morn ing there would be no apostacy among us; live in humility and jve would ' have the constant sunshine of God. Sister Zina spoke pf marriage among our young people, training the young, light literature, etc- Counselor C. F. Middleton spoke upon a. variety of subjects charity, prayer, trials and temptations of the young, the great work devolving upon the mothers and fathers in Isra-- r el. ,He loved to mingle with us in these meetings, and hoped with us to keep faithful. Closed the morning services with singing-- Eli za IL i,-t-er j ; are aff'rt'at help - Lwell represented good works,;we;jareI caUedunnn to he I p ilTvW)' m a ny t hi n gs; and-- 1 often think that the Lrd does not wish us-to, brcoMie-ver- y ricli,- we arc, so often' called upon would be blessed and be accepted of " " ' Tlipiv the -- sisters, 't'licv in-- all ood.-Iloped- God. S axtr'Z". improve- wit h von' iHfvVMji.hhrbaTia-issct- - ... vmnio- nkitv 1 and aid, and if these societies should be d ropped vx J t. iaentam'oug - their Hhe' hope (lLjLJiciat--vi- t i " .du tit ?.''" 4 iirf! toriUif prnr y sense?; think of the quickened world have these five senses, senses. The Jive llas they have the germ; how is' it vith uV' not God given us five senses and one more? The faints have. .sir. senses, the comforter,-- heaven. nam t'i 'urn.!.' IhTttTnTn'f: '"' aia"greatHielp'-t- o r-i .'Hitter Ziua Y:AVil arid politics, that there'. b; order iay amon-- r fnc latter-ilaSumts. Our- children must be "taught all thing in righteousne-;Spok- e of the trials of th- saints," they were wc sent sometirncs to prove uaml- - !pr ;'ur u si-te- 4nka4:-4- ! si . to quicken iji'i mlL . - of the great goodness and mercy ot the unto us; exhorting our sisters to .seek Him, -fi.- w;; tim t(). spare, we (;: n'J7ive;o i:r ar .'Ul:' honl; we hnw ukr n ohr'" :.. I'i'lJg!Lto:ihe;ccjtial 'world, 'and mi:?t go mv dittlo. by' little .Ivmi...;, .pliy'li,to breathe is not right, it U not 'the Spir"-- " it of God; con-i- d er. well what we are going to : a g iha- hclp.oLihe. Lurdkt- U) 'L ' j.Io" .(AlFTiejirU expaiid'unto all mankind, feVl'f r .them and try to bringjh-..ha.ckJiLtiMiUTJ 'it ight.and tsro.r HhVrifMgTnK iViYH ii 1 L-.n- r lljongHt egaincilstrengtlAroiu these.ociitioiis, ;; -- thin-'- by the sisters at home; we "should fee thankful that we were able do ir.?a together again,' notwithstanding there was considerable .sjcKiie-- s io our miqst. v;()nr .rjwfa-a,re-wrj- fl; fic-'- ". '. Members, 2,132; Teachers, 34.3:- a3 fbl- -- ". 1 ' Meetings held, 227;.Average attendau.ee, 508; Woman's J'LxpoNi:xT,IoL,r Other Church papers, 10S; Disbursements to the poor, 80d.93; To the 88.20; Missionaries, T-.upl- '. - .33.90; Buihl-- : ings, Stake Tabernacle, S80L15; Home industries, S17;;G; Deseret Hospital, $oo.40; Sundry disbursements, SL3.03; Books or stationery, $9.03; Total dburements, S1,98L0L "v" - 3Iiw. Caroline Daniels,. ' Secretary! t' 