W OM A N1 S EX TRAVELS BEYOND THE MISSISSIPPI. BY HELEN MAP. WHITNEY. . (Continued.) 'Tin's wa3 the farewell ball which Col. Kane so touchingly described to the "Historical So- ., . cicty . oO cnnsyl ' My parents and a great number were there, both old and young, but" there were also many more who did not attend it. There were hot horses enough for all to ride, and we being , the number who remained behind were determined to make a party, too, and aecord-.- . ingly the boys got a quantity of bushes and made a bower before our tent, and commenced dancing about noon and continued till supper 'time. We their adjourned till evening, when w e met and danced till "about ten o'clock, and then dismissed, having had a good time, and Jill expressing themselves satisfied with our scene of festivity. We could furnish our own music, and we often danced "by the light of the moon," which was then shining upon us in : all its glory like one bright chandelier. I remem-- 1 ber many an evening afterthe cares andbustle of the day were over, when numbers of the youth would gather outside tha tents, and as chairs were rare luxuries, the majority resorted to 1 : wagon tongues, provision chests and that sort of a qtnet entertainment of songs, music, etc. Horace excelled as a flutist, and the sweet strains that flowed soft and mellow from his instrument was owing much to his father's ' ....training. When. a small boy, in Kirtland, he; was presented with a fife by Orson Hyde, who was then a clerk in his father's store, but his incessant practice wearied his father and every body within the hearing of it. And seeing his determination to learn, the instrument hia father bought him flute the next time he went to New York for goods: John F. Boyn-toone of the first quorum of the twelve, who stopped at his father's a great deal, gave him his first lessons on the flute, and his fathers -- would always correct himTif he heard him play ng " . . . . ox-yoke- s, applianqe-i-camriiifewjiere-we-enj- oyed n, otherwise than-smoothl- He also - possessed y. an excellent voice for singing, as well as a gen- erous supply of wit and humor; and telling anecdotes was one of his best fortes; and there were others of this class as well as some superior lady singers, and by this means we often drove away, dull care and cheered the aged and the drooping hearts, mating lighter their burdens. One of the best songs that we used to hear wa3 the "JewisTTMaid,'' which one of our girls could sing as sweetly as did Miss e at the Point, the evening before the departure of the battalion boys, which was referred to by the late Thomas L. Kane, but who, it seems, was unable to obtain the sons except ipe ioiiowing lines, which he gives as "a ver sion oi the text touching to all earthly wander De-vin- . ers. "By the rivers of Babylon we Bat down and wept, We wept when we remembered Zion.' illustrate, the. pitiful condition under which many more were left with families. Brother Martin had just buried a new born infant, and leftliis wife sick, not knowing who wa3 to take care of her, and there was no time to make any arrangement for her comfort, and they had to leave all in the hands of God and their friends. And who are more capable Of oLthe .singingianolsensingLlhefiilLmeaning sweet and touching song, ' ' "Hard times, hard limes come again no more" j omew-a - ber &f .Indians rode over to look at their corn this afternoon, and on discovering it to.be trod- -' den down by the cattle, were very angry; and for fear that they might retaliate by taking some of our cattle every man in the camp was ordered out to assist in driving in the cattle and yoking them up, which was done." On the morniDg of the 24th the Twelve and Bp. Whitney met in council pursuant to appointment. Father sent , most of the camp that day, in order to build a bridge over -- the Elk Horn, this- - being one of the objects of the council. Horace says: "Today our cattle remain yoked, and two men are sent out to herd them. I went myself on that duty this afternoon the bridge they have built is a very good one but three or four families remain besides Bro. Kimball's '".'"' and father's' The next day being July 25th, Horace . - a-he- ad than the' ones who remember those gloomy , days ami scenes of want and suffering that were experienced by the Saints who were left r in Winter Quarters. The following is from my htisband's jour- - ' nal. " wrote: ' "Wed nesday, 22 nd Rained a little th is This being the 23rd anniversary of my birth-daContinued storming. morn in sr. mother, Sarah Ann and Orson took supy ahead on the road per with us at Bro Kimball's tent. through the day. 1 went T T .1 .1 Bro. Orson Hyde moved back over the river, aoout a mne .to watcn tne inaian cornneias, where he intends to leave his family till his lest the cattle , shall break into them. These return from LngJand, whither he is immediateare to be found on either side of the Butter-- ' . ly going fly Creek for some distanceup and down that Parley P. Pratt and John stream. In the making of these fields they Taylor. Bro. Woodruff is about moving over thi3 side of the Missouri River., have not used the plough, but selecting the About eleven oclock at night it commenced softest ground, which is to be found on the raining and continued about half an hour acmargin of these streams, with little or no sod. weeds with their companied by considerable thunder and lightThey have simply cut down the hoes, and then put In their corn. In this way ening. We hear that one of the soldier brethit ren has died since their departure from the no farther attention till they leave it, giving they are ready to harvest it, or rather when -village. He is said to be the son of the late General Dunham, of the Nauvoo police, Iwho they return from their hunting expeditions they fields died about a year ago, while on a mission resort to their for roasting ears, which of. is fond are the Indians." left If any after that they very they bury it deep in the ground, where it re"Saturday, 26th. Fair weather Bro. Kim- mains duringthe winter. I. had considerable ball and father sent four yoke of oxen each to -tin cattle the from the he river to assist Bro. Woodruff up. Bro. difficulty keeping away fields. Quite a number of Coolidge with his omnibus came in the afterteams from Brigham's camp, a3 well as our noon, Bro. Hosea Cushing driving it for him, and started had he being quite sick at this time. Wm. Kimball I own, all! could do to keep the cattle of our camp from crossing and some of "the rest of the boys got back from, the creek and following them off. the river, where they went this afternoon, "About noon Bro's B. Young and Kimball about two o'clock in the morning, bringing up e and Dr Richards passed in a carriage the remainder of Bro. Coolidge's wagons on the way to the Elk Horn, rBro.r BrighamrKimball-an- d in father went over order to survey the face of the country." the river Bro. Harrison Those six men who had been sent up the Mistook lead the of a meeting which was Burgess souri River to "select a location returned, and under our bower in front of hed here had been that some distance up the ,v reported they the river, but had been entirely unsuccessful inflnding a suitable place to winter, the coun- MISCELLANEOUS. try oeing no more favorable lor that purpose than the place where we now are. J-- According- 'Humility is the source of all true greatness: ly, Brigham advised the brethren in council pride is ever impatient, ready to be offended, on Monday last, at the Bluffs, to disperse lie who thinks nothing is due to him, never themselvesamong the hills and' bottoms and thinks himself true meekness is not remain there this winter. mere temperament, for this is only softness or I set my hook and line 'v. While out y .weakness. Fcnelon. and caught six very fine cat-fisone of which ' - In counteracting, onr defects, we should be weighed four or five pounds. cautious not to blunder by imitation of others. Bro. Kimball exchanged his horse, Charley, for one yoke of oxen, a cow and heifer, and We,should search till we find where our character fails, and then amend it not attempt to another old horse for another yoke of oxen. ' y Hans was fitted out with a wagon and "team toacblnpany Jiis the.' He who directs his life well, understands the . mountains." best sort of grammar. To speak from the "Thi3 company started the next day, but" heart and tell the truth, is very good logic,snd coming: to the creek thev were obliged to build will serve very well for rhetoric also. He who a bridge before crossing, the late rain having runs up a score of good actions, succeeds well swollen stream the considerably in arithmetic, and the man whose life is starry, consequently ' had to camp. Bro. Kim- with virtues is a famous astronomer. This is ball and Brigham returned y from the the kind - of education- - all people ought to Elk Horn: as Bro Just Kimball have. From a German Writer of the 13 arrived Bro's Woodruff, Taylor, Little, ml ' '. - century, ' . . 1 . '; y. To-da- 1 . ' 1 . 1 1 with-Bros- . v ng to-da- y, by-m- to-da- y. to-d- ay -- d: h, - , . rrrrrZ.: Thi3 was sunc: according to the faith of the Saints, who did not weep when they remem. bered ion," for Zion they had brought witrr them. ; -1 The sdme day that- - we held our festival we, were visited by" two men from the village, who came on horseback, their names being Beach and Harding. They were : old residents there. Mr. Beach informed us that the name of the creek in that vicinity was "Butterfly." ; The day following the folks returned home and brought the now3 that four companies y' XT to-da- "No more Bhall the children of Jndah sing," . I ill-treate- changed, and instead of singing "Again shall the children of Judah Sing the lays of a happy time." ' 1 Home came here in pursuance to previous arrangement to, hold council. They remained with U3 all night. Bro. Kimball rode over to - the creek to organize that company before they go on. He appointed Hiram Clark captain of fifty, and Bro. A Billings and N. B. Barthol- -- Bro. John Kay was the .first to introduce this song to us in Nauvoo, but the chorus was it was, started from the village that day, and the fifth was to start on the morrow. It is not pleasant to dwell on the dark side, nor is it my inten- tion now to rehearse the scenes oi'sonw and additional suffering of wives and children, which was forced upon them by the cruel requisition made upon our people at that time by thisgoy T r. t a rn t h Toaa art CUIItl CIUl.UC.Ul,, UIIAl imuiWJJJ lUi UOi ? IV,r will driven put from their midst, I only: mention the case of Sister Ed. Martin, which may - . r ON ENT. become-anotner;mand?ci?.- To-da- : .. father-in-law-ov- er to-da- 