W O.M 149 me think iiigre than vr of my b Jy; and how thsckful we cugtn to feel to cur' Heavenly Fjk. uUier icr our ireeious .jewel,' when we can oc . serve the light and knol:dge He bestows upon theui, and will ontiaue sj to do if we will only tey ccmaiatidintiils and strive to tea'h Hi- - i ur ehildrvtr to do the same. There are ra any circumstances that I could relate that have y own fainiiy where ttiejjand'of the liOid has been made manifest wonderfully. Oiie: liighTl was awakened with id y baby burning with fever; she would, not notice nit-- the "Twa8 about 16 months old. My husband got up and trctight two or tie JtMUers iq auminjierioner l hap-j-ifiiti- in-m- -- , ; TT J ill til UJ 1 Vi lVHW J Ml r X II V v vj M U -- -; 1 F - i I duly, for the path of duty ia the path of safety. And how happy wo ought to make our homes, o that the sweet intercourfce of the Holy Spirit viJl always be in our habitations, that when we call for the brethren to administer to any of our family they wilj know that our families are united and ercjuraging; the Holy. Spirit In their for they will feel the influence while they re admiuisterinjr, and the results we know will ml-ist- , fxraMfe WiTtiouse of order, nnd not a home of confusion; so saya the Bible. as near like the M.d we wanti to make ourselves i -- j . 1 XKiSBiiutjV-wu- """" e . or-wiv- jiv-d- ea in nar z mony and boing united with the husband and will a thn ltA hiifahRniiwith ti.m ho rhUiir-bJe a be do will to and much same, good they and accomplish much. Their homes will e always cheerful, and any spare time the husband has after his day'd later ;b done he will always find comfort at home, he will never seek for other places to pats his tiuce, but he will ever feel It a pleasure to be at bemo with his family. I know that if a wife loves btr hutband she will maho homp & nhwrful and pleasant ai possible. We have only onco to live a lifetime, and It J) ays ua better to Jive i t properly and - prepare uurfejvfs fo Jive nappy in the world that is to come by living hapj y together; we can live our religion better; we can live nearer to Q d, for one will help the other; wewill be able to ob- 1 mentp, for union n a'rMJkth; if either of ua have any fuultf'.wJiiclLwaall haveIet us noint them out to each other in kindneaa and meekness, for h kind word will never die, and It will taka better ttFeet. Ltt ua not epeak harshly to each other. by doinc thia we will Do Hide lo r.hrvn that wo are taking interest in each other and wcrklng for each other's b?neflt. Ourthlldren will also partake of the lame influence and they ' wilt be more united. , f Well, my iiear efslerp, I hope we will ba id rilVprflll r.hotiittnt' itir.Bnlo trim tn ; " Halntp," liig-iU- , ' Ftb. Hth Emma J. Blummel. ... , 1884. A REFUTATION. The attempts of Mrs. Angie Newman to represent, or Tather, misrepresent the state of Mormon society in Utah to the ladies ot Gincinnati, produced a great wave of disgust and indignation in the breast ofjit least one. of the women whom she so vilely scandalized, and were it not for the fact that many unthinking people, who hftVP had nn nnnrn-lnnif- wmmV tn 4lcrnU ef no UU ooJ we really are, might be led to take her very unreliable information for the truth and be grossly deceived thereby, the accounts of her lahnra contemptuous smile but in simple justice to myself and the thousands of pure, virtnous, and noble women whoso reputation she has " v KW A. V A e aa ii 1 1 1 A.f wr wml-AK- tV rtciflt r VAnntd tlAFl" t racity is quite as well established as that of -- JNIrs-Newri- Utah in. positive contradiction to all her 'reli able4nformationILthe 1 -- - 1 brainsand clear judgment, and were not swayed by prejudice and, while holding no sympathy with our religious views gnd understanding not the principles which gave, birth and nourished the wonderful structure of still - tney - were honest - and bravo that a marvelous work enough to and a wonderr really existed, and were just enough to seek information from the firm supporters of the system which they aimed to represent. They did not rely upon the idle stories told in the street, nor seek the views of apostates whose light had become darkness, and lientilesj5hix knew nothina: about our nrincioles and cared a less; they knew that our virtues were not to be learned from our enemies, and our people honor and respect the true gentlemen and ladies who have spoken the truth about them. It is strange. that the would be popular and notorious lecturer with all her investigations did not discover, that many: of the apostates were among the wealthiest of the community, and have remained here for years unmolested; there is not the slightest necessity for their remaining here unless they desire to do so; the Mormons do not prevent them from fleeing' to climes more congenial; as for the poor of this class, their reported cries of fear and prayers for deliverance would long since have ceased to howl through the laud had some of the would be philauthropists tried as hard to liberate those who wished to escape as they have-trieto persecutetho2e who wlshedlo remain. The fact is,that Gentiles and apostates know that they are safer here than they would be in any other part of Christendom,but they are not as free to introduce their unrighteous practices and establish saloons, gambling hells, and houses of prostitution and assignationhence they feel in bondage and many of them leave the country. As for woman's bondage and galling chains, they never existed only in the depraved imagination, I was born and raised among this people; yes, reared in a home where prayers ascended from the family altar night and morning, and where an atmosphere of care and tenderness pervaded and bound together the family circle, J have been free to think and act upon my own agency-h- ave attended worship in the Sabbath schools and churches of the various denominations andave read much of the Christian literature published m the world; have mingled in Gentile society and have had opportunities of marriage .where I could have been rescued from Mormon influences and supposed degradation, but I chose ttffpl low the dieses of my own conscience nd adhere to thoTe principles which I knew to be Mor-monism- ,- Wen; andwhile I of my- - own choice accepted the state Cwfll aid of a plural the world hevedby tobe the most appailint condition of woe and wretchedness declare that all thlsorrow eI i Gentile garb,8cnooIed in all the 8ul,tlfl . arts ana iascinations "o: uimr n A. entered ; and cast his poisonous. ' wif h,.,., breath upon the scene- - 7 Stealthily Q sowed the seed of discontent, his oily, deccn-tiv- e tongue pictured a home of case and wealth -beyond the poyerty ot the newly settled desert-hi- s sweetly whispered compliments souU to woman's heart' Cftitj fi the rst by" attention he ea- sign encouraged (rprl v nnrflUArl.hls-irifti- m . . : " J V I caving a snare of temptations hmd to resist, till of 4"atal weakness! the vvife and motherforgot her holiest trust, and urged on by irresistible now . n.i iruiu tt. era e u i buo iieu hpr vile deceiver, and nnaily, destroyer. Thevn. , r "--- vsiftn ti-ieruaa- iuu, mn self-righteo-us . and b9 able to dUcern the good spirit from the l adattend to all our duties and Jive the lives nf tiue Latter-da- y Saints, that when we have flaiehed our career here upen the earth we will te brought back and dwell in the celestial kingdom with Ood our Father.. 'I his earnent desire. From your feister in the Churnlr nf Jpnna nhrtof nf T.ttr.HoV PON ENT EX sought to dra down into the ileejxat pire, I justified in giving exprcaaion to layZoym views and experience of a Mormon plural wife. Had Mrs. Newman been a.i wise and cunning as she ha3 proven herself to be vicious and unprincipled she would have chosen subjects more - hidden in their nature for those upon which 7 she sought to enlighten the public mind are "most easy of investigation-aftf' Gentiles who have been most kindly and h os- tea- mtably entertained in Mormon homes her statements are aa false as they are tify-th-at & t king a fart r-- W bent ti ty took t heir h a hd s7 fioni her head she locked up to me and smiled and said, "nn." and thtn looked around to the brethren and smiled, as muchaato t ay, Ijfeelj ibfctler. Hhe feron vet well." O'.i, Haters, whoii we have such experience as a great' "This we ought to feel it h pleasure and . - mUl.l.J 11,T III. ait oil ff nun uui iuuuuiu jjrivJiegFj lueuvv we do mind aud strergtb; and' oh how much ujiui, . r.iii'ii in In flifa lYir.rfa! endero nf lifn wl r lio evil one is always trying to lead us into by and forbidden paths. There are none of us who feel heller thun ) n u.- at t.rt run H rue in tlm mth nf ' AN 'S v vuiiuuuuu s - nome I ' : vr tf -- Av-hir-9w j.j r,--- -- tan-Wit- lianjnamep ot her InanThome" will never find happiness in his own. A sad and pitiful story was soon told. Less than three years of bitter anguish and remorse, unavaling repentance and man's cruelty, taunts and neglect, laid the broken heart of a -- youngr talented- ,- but misguided - Mormon wife in a lone grave, far away from' all that was dearest and .best on earth. Thin ' was the price of freedom offered by one, bitter Saints, and plural maragainst the Latter-da- y is the plan advised in This particular. riage by the prominent missionaries who seek to liberate the wives and daughters of this people. Not long since a circumstance came under my notice which forced me to exclaim, as I many times have done before, thank God I'm a plural wife ! A young girl of Mormon par entage, was wooeu ana won Dy a respectable appearing and self styled single yonng man, hailing from the west." All appeared fair and bright, the young wife felt that her life long happiness was secured, and looked hopefully ana trustingly into theluture. One child was born,: and soon afterward the husband went to a distance to obtain employment one year passed and no news came from the man who had vowed eternal devotion then cams authentic word that he had deceived and led to the altar another bride. Closely following this news, came that of a deserted wife and the east. Letters of inquiry were family-iwritten, and in reply came letters from wife g details of 'cruel numberjone, with desertion and suffering, loner vears of watnhincr. waiting and anxiety, only to learn of man's heartlessness and treachery; and the eye that could have witnessed the agony of wile number two as she- - rocked herself to and fro, clutching the unmistakable proofs of the of him who had deliberately made her an Illegal wile and branded her child in the eyes of man as illegitimate, could never again look upon a plural wife with pitv. No, it u not the wives and children of the Latter-da- j Saints who need pity, there are thousands of others who arethe victims of men's deception and cruelty this glorious land of America, who are suffering for sympathy and sustenance. Anu i woum respectiuily- - suggest to Mrs. Newman that she devote the energies of her phisoul in lanthropic raising means to support the wives and educate the children of the unprincipled men who have come to this territory and either married only to abandon or deceive and ruined many a trusting woman who might have found happiness and honor but for their vile influence. There, are many such victims scattered throughout Utah, and if Mrs. Newman saw any sorrowful, dejected looking women and neglected children they must have been that class, for the Mormons are proud to ac--i knowledge, educate and treat with care and tenderness their own wives and children, and considering the magnitude of such a responsibility more could not reasonably be required " -- -- n heart-rendin- vil-lian- of them. Will some of the energetic Christian mission ariea search out and keep these- - unfortunates?. If so they will find a wide field for usefulness, y -- 