WOM A N ' S E XPO weererstriTeto live as usdiul a life &3 our departed fate rrn d iohcritrUig f gg --r ' ': God. : ; Rostin ixjocc, dear Sister Eldredge, Tor thy work on earth is done-- , r. - Yoa bare finished here your mission, v MISSIONARY THOUGHTS : . - ' ' And as a part of Israel "We feel to do His will, , As Daniel and bo Prophets Predicted it should bo, gather scattered Israel In Zion to bo free. : Edwin L. Daties. v October 28, 1SS4. IN MEMORIAM. Editob Extohsst; We deeply regret to annonnce the death of our and respected friend, SistcrTXIzzie EIdredge7wife of Joshua Ejfdredge, who departed this lifo Norember 11th, ISSi. ,.. Sho was born In Salt Lake City, July 2nd, 1856, where x the was reared by her tender parents, John R, and Ellen "Winder, who taught her the principles of lib and salvation from her earliest childhood, the impressions o which hare nerer for one moment been darkened by doubt. Her life, which to us seems but brief, has been be-"lor- ed S . spent in usefulness; she has labored in the 8anday School aa Secretary since its first organization in 1877. also la tbo Belief Society as Secretary since 1875, and has been engaged la the training of tho young in the Primary Association for the past tiro years, Yrhere she will, at the present, be greatly missed. Many hours of Ijer life were spent in risiting the aged and ick cheer-.- . Ing them with her lirely roice and helping them with her willing hands. Her earnest deslro was to understand the principles of her religion and to lire them, and at no time was. sh0 heard to raise her role in objection to ono. Her teachings and wise counsels will be long remembered by the little ones of this place, and many will remember the acts of kindness she has bestowed upon them at differ ent times. Duriog the hours of her sickness she was tenderly cared for by a large circle of friends, who rendered her erery possible assistance; but God, in His Inscrutable purposes, has a greater work for her .behind the reil. ""where she has gone to prepare the way for those she leftyes.here,..: .,..rrrr- The funeral serrlces were held at tho meeting house da Tuesday at' 11:30,- being the largest assembly of this kind in this place; The remains of the departed w. r j carried by six of tho brethren, followed by her fami mother, brother, sister, relatiTes and friends. Remark i of consolation were offered by Bishops Nebekar, Caldcr, Kimball and Moroni Pratt, after which the procession mored to the buryiug grounds, where, with dedicatory prayer, the remains of onr sister were consigned to their last resting place, there to await tho resurrection of tho . Just. Deceased had been married ten years the 5th of last-Oc- t., and is the mother of six children, threo of whom J - are dead; she now Icarcs a husband, thrco little ones, her fond parents, brothers and sisters, besides a large circle of relatives and friends to mourn her loss. And whlla we condole wiib oar friends in this their hour of .bereavement, wo would say, Ba comforted, for through the glorious principles of tbo Gospel we hope to meef our sister in the morning of the first resurrection with . ber three little ones who are with her in hearen. An example she has left on earth for us to follow, and may jiL " ' 2 For Salo at tMs tiftm. Lizzie BOOKS BY ELIZA R, SHOW. j.AKER. On Sunday morning, at scren o'clock, KorM6, 1884, after two days' illness, of membranous croup, Lewis Barnham, son of James P. arid Mary A. Freeze passed quietly to his welcome rest, aged fire years, fire months and sercn days. "Little Loa" was an unusually bright, beautiful and gifted child, around whom the fondest hopes and expectations were centred; be had suffered much from lung complaint the past three years, during which time he had reccired in vision glimpses of a better and brighter life, which seemed to hare robbed him of the desire to remain in ibis; and he said he wanted to die and be an angel. - His los8makesar:deep:yoldln: hearts" whlehrz i mi ae canmeTcr" ongh resigned 4osay-r4Thy-- w bo filled till the resurrection morn gires back its jewelB but "Wc shall shortlynoratjengtbcned breath T llTnotthe sweetest gift God sends His friend; And that sometimes the sable pall of death Conceals the fairest bloom His lore can send. And we shall see that while we frown and sigb, . God's plans go on as best for you and me; How, when we called He heeded not our cry, Because His wisdom to tho end can see." j. 1 "Women are formed for attachmenL .ThfJn gratitude is unimpeachable. Their love is an ujiucaaiug luuuwim ui uviiguw tu t,uu man who has once attained it and knows how to deserve it. But' that very keenness k of sensibUity iv which, if well cultivated, would prove the , source of a man's highest enjcjvrf v to bi tterncss and or m woo3 if he fail sioattend to it or abuses it. , . ; I il - , I-- IN MEMORIAL. Bo , Yoa hare gone yonr work to finish in we resurrectionjiay. Meadowriile, Nor. 19, 1834. While riding on the great ship, The "City of Sydney by name," We hare faith in onr Father, God; In His mercies and His fame. '; . Your kind teachings we'll remember, - Strive to walk the narrow way, Then wall bo prepared to meet you We hare left oar wires and! families, '.. Those dear lpved one at home, To traTel in the Tineyard' " Forthoib ths eeedffrQ Bowtrr Help to roll tbo stone along, And thns His plans fulfil. , And we hope some day U meet yoa- There where all is joy and lore. In that far.dlstant land. J : And a crown of glory won. There are iix of us la number, Sent forth by God's command To preach the truth of the Gospel '.. ' '''TTT'7 Utah ! bow we lord yoa! Inspiration forbids us etay: So we are on the billowy ocean, " To New Zealand faraway, O is- EN T , N PRLMARY 8PEAKER7NOS. and 3, 25c7per copy MUSIC BOOK forTrtmary Hymn Bqok740c. " POEMS, by E. R. Snow, Vol. 1, $1.00 " Vol. 2, containing stoclcngra ring v--f of the author, bound in morocco, 1.25 CORRESPONDENCE OF PALESTINE , TOURISTS, with steel engrarings of George A. 8mith and Lorenzo Snow, V bound In 1.50 Jm morocco, cloth, 1 $1-2- 3DA.-VII- -- JAMES-2c D CO., TINNER, GAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFT an d FOItC E PUMPS. Pumps Kepalred on abort notice. Orders ircm the country promptly responded to. , oarAaoreiirATD llXZZ',- Esx 306, SALT tAXE.CITY, STAJQLIgHEJiOeTOBEIVlSGS, ot- Ml SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS t AND JOBBERS OF r " OBITUARY. Died, at Harrlsrille, Weber Ce., Oct. 2,5,1884, Maria, belored wife of Neils P. Lee, born January 6, 1847, in Denmark; baptized by Elder S. Soren son June 3rd., 1866; immigrated to Utah 1S67, and entered Into the celestial order of marriago May, 1868. Sho leares a husband, seren children, and a host of friends to mourn her loss. She was an affectionate wife, a kind and tender mother, true and earnest Latter-daSaint and a faithful member of tho Relief Society; always ready to sacrifice her own comfort to reliere others. The funeral services were held at the schoolhous whero appropriate remarks were made by the Bishop and other brethren, aided by tho Spirit of God, comfort-jn- g the bfreared family. Resolutions of Respect to the memory of Sister Maria Lee by the Relief Society of West Harrisrille: Whereas it has pleased our Heavenly Father.to take . from our midst by tho hand of death our belored sister, we feel that we hare lost a faithful and worthy member of the Relief Society. Resolred, That we esteem her past faithful labors and great derotlon td duty as worthy the fellowship and highest respect of us all. Resolred, That we deeply 'sympathize with the family in the loss of a kind wife and affectionate mother. .Resolred, That theeo Resolutions be spread upon our records and a copy of the Bame be presented to tho bewared family, also the Womak's Expoxeut for publication. Mart nEGSTED, President, y be-rea- red x , Cubistina Hegsted, Sec. fThe Boston Art Club have decided to give $2,000 in prizes at current exhibition; $350 for the beat picture by a Massachusetts artist, and the same for the best by an American artist; three prizes of $150 each for the three next Jbcst works, and five of $70 each for other meri- torious ' pictures, all by native artists. The balance will form a fund toward the donations of prize for next year." DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, HEAVY AND SHELF HAKDWAEE, GLASS AND QUEEN8WARE, AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IMPLE-- . MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, ' AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. CARPETS We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any Louse tn the west. H. S. ELDREDGE, Supt. thet adies. AT TEASDEL'S Sp eciahto Will bo found the latest styles and productions in LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, . RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortnienf of O-- O 3D ; S for Ladies' Misses' and In O IDE, IT Special department fant's Shoes. . 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Street. Auerbach& Bro. A Full and Complete Stock of MILLINERY, Sprin? and Summer AND LADIES DRESS Goods TRMIRGS. mL CALL ANP EX A MINK. , " a -- " 