v ng, considering all, the manufacturers were under 14 years of age. The contributions from the Young. Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association were very -nejmd elegant; ajvas also lafge bou uets of "wax amljwuol flowery embroidered slippers, several specimens of hair work, e tc , etc , were all beau t i fu J , of a u re ; a May.union join us heart and .hand, . And may we live to Bee"" Yet many celebration?, And theji have our Jubilee. r .77.' other is burning within them and they feeU fhey-mu- st give it f6 the world.: They cannot ;go on., missions, to be sure, and stand before 'bear, this testi-- rXcongregalidnslh but mony, they catu&end their voice abroad through the medium - of the press. Whether meir words .come to us as tne glorious sun- -- 1 f " PRIMARY REPORT. . Fditok Exponen: Our Primary wa3 orpanierl articles for use of the building, which were handsomely decor- aieu ior tne occasion. " The whole fair was creditable' to all who contributed either time, talent or means. Our Relief Society,. Young Ladies and'Pri-marmeetings were well attended. - The members of! each seem willing and determined to serve God and keep the couns Is .thcyreceiVe. through''tiw PrjVsthoodJ'rom' Ukn. . President Gowan attended all theassxMubiies uml spokeas. being satisfied with the work the women were ' doing in the difltivnt orguni.atiuns. Bro. Gbwan s Counsel s' liru. And ersen and Lee, with many ..other brethren, addre.ed the large congregatioh. We had a pleasant and ' . happy visit. E, II. M:iv Krh '"! KR:. Sister' Louisa Harper; President; Sister Letitia E. Jones and Louellia Patterson, Counsel ors We hold our meetings every two weeks. Our President is doing all she-ca- n to encourage the t ( hildren to attend their meetings. We have and also i sewing meetings. The take (oildreiirall great delight in reading, retheir citing, bearing testimony, etc. They alsa take an interest in this great and glorious work, and we feel very thankful to our Heavenly Father that He has permitted us to Jive in this day and. ,age of the world, that we- might grow up to be honored mothers' .in Zion, and do a gn at aird mighty work in'..the Kingdom of God, and io know aiJtL comprehend ll Avork that v , :Jf--?iruon- ; - -- nas to done on eartn. This is a entail branch,- but there are unite a few children t attend the Primary. We are There are twenty-one iniproving .rapid iy. names enrolled as members. - Louka !. 1L iii'KR, Secretary, RICHMOND PRIMARY oe. -- ",' Minutes of the Filth Annual meeting of the Richmond Primary Association, held June 2nd, 1884; President Mary AUaup presiding; singing, vLiitle Children- should iove Jesus prayer by Joseph Ryrhompson, aged thirteen; singing, We all have a work to do." .Minutes of last annual meeting read and accepted, also the yearly report. The exercises consisted of ' songs, recitations and dialogues rendered by -- Maky J. Steicli;, Correspondent. . '' . - LITERARY WOMEN OF UTAH. : ' childrenvMch JteSister Jane E. Molen, with us and gave good instructions. Short ad-- ' dresses were made by Sister Williams, Presi-deof the Smithfield Primary, Bishop Wm. S. Skidmore, Sister Myra Merrill, President of the Relief Society, and; Sister Hannah T. - - - - Brower. Utah. is. growing in her literature. The. has taken in this direction, and the stejH rapid progress she has made in a very few years is certainly remarkable. Many people who are somewhat acquainted with the situation and doings of our Church wonder at the amount of gooo!, wholesome literature, suitably adapted to the reading of both old and young, which is circulated among our people,-anthe influence this hfsJn our social intercourse, and the improvements as made among-u- s, in the young, can be seen even by a " careless observer. To keep up this intellectual Ho wit calls into action many active brains, swift pens and care- iul critics, the number oi women writers . that are continually being added to, the ranks of those already in the literary held, would be surprising to one who was not expecting to nt " ; . Jjyneeriui.". it-h- : 7 - : : members enrolled! U5; t Average attendance, 95; Cash remaining in treasury from previous year, 1.72; Cash received from members during the year, 85.08; Ca?h received ih,m Vn- - mwtjkmrFmsjBW jaary,entextain burseineuts, Paid to the new meeting house, -- 650.00; Expenses 'Ibr'Prtmaryterhulaiiieut7 $1.25; Paid to Emigration Fund, $5.00; Paid for cards, $4.70; for papers, $0.G); Total, .$C;i.o5; Property on hand, $5.00; Cash on hand, $1.25. Mary A. Traveller, ' . Secretary. TALK." he T June 1st. 1884: Number of meetings, hehf, 44; Number of; " ' ISJiiMlAILiiseQj few A years ago we had not the pleasure of . reading articles irom the pens of the women of Utaii. Then only those who were most gifted gave their sentiments to the public, but now . - we see here, there and everywhere, women writers who are grasping the pen, first timidly and fearful,- - but gradually growing in eonfi- dence and strength, till we find," in articles nts written by worthy some of the greatest writers in the land. We realize that" much of thi3 has been brought about through the influeno and benefit of the Relief Societies and" Y. L. M. I. A's., which is one of the methods of traming instituted by.our- -i - Ilea ookofiliistr ticfloiil venjyFa the but why should not the women of Utaii be able to write, and write glorious sentiments, to? Are they not living, uuder the voice and influence .of inspiration? Have they not the ' -Spirit of Godwithin them to guide their thoughts and expression? And .why should tliey not bo )ermittedHo write? The time has thftLord-'i- s iYot op v willing that come wh-but His hfard in Jtheinvoico and they feel Spirit calls upon them to npeak, that they mut do it. The testimony."'OCt; tmth whidi they haveoitwi turne to oh. . ; " LISXS COMPOSED r" ':7- EI HANXAH T liKCUVJi ANNUAL MEETING. .All bail,' this day, the First of June, 1 Which gave a prophet birihr Among the noblest ol God's sons; ' His name shall ne'er have dearth. ' x Yet in our hearts ehalllivcC In rnemory of the wieeftdvico lie to the saints did give. ' Our Primary was organized t'pon this uatal day, . On which we meet to celebrate It with harmonious lay7 Then welci.Tnc to .the First of .tTn'n'e, Tyj:i bro! hers ami tiaters dear, And n y we tijeet from timo to timo Wlto cig.ay a bappy ottuCT. ' them,-sentime- OR-TftB1 .7 rj nurch -- n -t- '. their. the lightning ilu.sh,. ijuick, decisive and sure., every word penetrating to the marrow, or with the cheery patter as of falling raindrops, or whether, as best of all, they come like a holy healing balm poured in. Up m our hearts, as if dealt but by a gtiirrou-sloving handj lifting has set tied there, thev the care and sorrow-thcarry with thenrthe same spirit of truth antl "godlike purity, which is being and will be felt by all the world, and they will not fail to leave their influence ujV.n it. Unlike- those 'of the r. world, the literary women' of Utah "do not write solely for or tam'e thfy may secure by it, norTbr ajiiinng' moue)', but they wj:ite simjdy becau.-- e they think ills right, and God requires them to impruvf this talent as ' as ait ;.;iit her ''talents'' wliirh He has given t hey y nf to yive . them, and ru t lr t h atri within theiif to he ..spoken, and a3 they all drink from the same' fountain of righteous- -' ness their writings aii savor nf io.! divine tho- literary woman truth; hence it tallows of our Church does' nut .;- - mud in the shape of envious sneers and cutting sarcasms'. upon a sister writer when .she hoe her sitting ujon a higher pedestat thaTi'S'livr iu;TseIT oxeupies, and also is , couseiueu t thv' fact that there isi-nwholly contrasting son mucin ''between these writers, ho, strife, ii) severely contradictory ideasrbut alljeach in- - her jwiirsv'XpbundsT "the same doctrine and teaches the same truths. Ihese women - jtrt, of eovircie, vlie svimc, as all . other persons who -- attempt Hogive their views for the public benefit, criticised most sharply, and many times stingingly severe, by those who have no aspirations to: become literary , and cannot understand the motives that prompt others to be so - There are some who "still cling' to the old fogy idea that a woman must " not look beyond the cooking, churning, darn--in- g ironing, etc., that belong to the catalogue of house keeping attainments, if she does she. is out of her sphere. - I've heard it said of a writ r, "She docs not practice in her own life that that she points out as good, and for the benefit of others." I've heard the sameaid of a .speaker who has en- deavorcd, while standing before a- congregation. - try7rth:trvTor pcaple, and I. felt sorry for the ignorance of those who said " """ , at - the-"novelt- -- - bt-caus- 1 (. onj-jrajn- ipfiSra'J3wyI th-u- . . o THOUGHTS ON "HOMESPUN Stake Prubideut,mU Meeting adjourned for one year, Sineinn-benediction Oy the chiht- ren in concert. :( Statistical report of the Primary Association, beginning June 1st, 1883T and ending dtlr wnBFantiytgmtttgtrrcryt jiiAiu co vA b&jr&fttztf magniheenApane -- he-Jand, - . . - ' it. .. snzs:i-.- .. . Our actions in private life have, of course, much to do with our influence abroad, but the person is to be pitied who has the weakness to . allow such a spirit of unjust criticism to creep into his heart to break the influence of the good spiritjhat nu'ghtrcign therev andthus '' cause him to turn a ..careless ear to the teachings of God, because given through one whose private life was r ot wholly in keeping with the livine truths that the spirit of God prompted him to teach . to them. 'It. 'is .a pity that this rife - spi rit of froiu which we', us have suffered so muchrshouhl find place . among us. Many people of the world have refused to have the Gospel of Jesus Christ taught to them because of what they had beard and,thought they knew of the lives ot the people who offered to tacb it to them. We are glad to. see "that this spirit of false prejudice is being dispel led fr on t he minds of ha- looen- Haiuts. The G the Latter-daed the yoke of error, and given birth to a brighter light, ami Z'on's p' ople are not slow to avail thfc4Ulvwi of thy liberty itj;ivoi. But ia4liewl(l,iitl y -l - ' -- -- 