HELEN AND VIRGINIA." ' :'z'1XContinued.'- She watched him often and she Hw The thoughts that grew within his mind; She knew his lovo for hor would fain Iteprees the oX9jfas&nki; And IboRfff' baVLMfi'v. :deJ&- , . .So gently passed the summer by,- - ' And then the'aatumn tints appeared. Ere they had noted time and change. Then, once (as softly as in dreams The ekles are darkened and are cleared) ' Helen discerned, like palest fleams Of coming dawn, a eilent trjitti; ' ' ' AyerBbe was first tor nole IhegucBt"" That entered In their blessed group; r And, liko a waft of ' It wrapt ier 'round; It thrilled her breast : II(er heart received and hid It there. For, aB from reverie, she raised Her eyes in eilence to his face His own in deepest thought were fixed , 6n lair Virginia V as she bent .Above her book- rarity, grace, , ; AViapt her with beauty. She inUnt. T Upon the page, knew not his gaze, Nor ot the eyes that watched them" both! And Helen closed her eyes and thought; ' Ah, new and strange they crowded in; Conflicting thdughts of sadden growth, Each strong the victory to win. "Oh, hath my heart not borne Its share Of hidden wounds and scars revealed; What o'erlooked errorJn my past Lietf unrepented, nnfo'rglvenTi to help, and it devolved upon her son's wife ' .1" i. . i j.t 'i nitib ujHju jicr, uieyiiyeu m me rainers iamiiy uniu me spnug.tne young wile making tuehouse w u n n i Tsu.hfT rm-t- rt una iu u Jdum Jiuu ot "farm and" earned a cow and some' coftonr Mr. Sessions made some trays to put milk in, the vife made butter and sold to buy a pail to milk- - ki M- JThe-thong- the tatteOTdver spoke. ht winter iftdand'epring drew near, And plainer grew to Helen's eyes The troth he not c'en'ytt had nariied ; :She knew.that now Virginias he art L a - ' . tick, Had wakened and had reeotr nizod' Fresh griefs of heart to answer heaven? "Can I blame her! Oh, no, her heart unconscioosvl alone His love, vet walM Its tender tendrils from their hold Were cruelty. If in the past She hath been worthy of bur love Who brought her here, with welcome, too, flow can mine be the heart to cast ner forth to battle life anew? "Perchance God led herTicre and 'tis His holy, message that I meet; And shall my lips a faith profess And yet my strength prove weak and faint? Father, lead Thou my trembling feet Along the path marked for a Saint." child's voice called "Virginia," then .The spell was broken, and sho went Out from the room with answ'ring smile. Then woke he Irom his reverie, "Helen" his face bore love's content "Dearest of all on earth to me." A '"'' ; the young fol ks had a bed oftlkir own. and it was riot for-you- people to marrv. ng without household goods.- iI::Ses3i6nsr had energy and ambition and took up land, put in a crop and very soon built a'house. . c uiu v t i iiiio 'Our own in iuu kjjinu house," Irs. Sessions in her journal says. "An old acquaintance ot mine told-mshe was goback to she where from: carne and wanted ing 'me to buy her loom for four dollars. Mr. Ses- I :sianied-lhe-money-an- d purchased tlio loom, and 1 soon had all the weaving I could' do fetched to me from ten to twelve miles." : Mrs. Sess ious o btaih cd.qu i te a rcpui a t io n as a for weaver both good work and promptitude; her work was always ready for her patrons at the time' specified. . Shortly" after Mrs. Sessions was married an incident ocurfcdThicnTrtgtf-hg"aeanng ' upon her whole life, it seems proper to relate .here. Theydived ten miles iu the woods and were not' near any physisian. One day a young The subject of this sketch, who, by the bye, ...Wad one of the early- - pioneers of this valley, wa3horn in Bethel, Oxford County, State of Maine, February 7th, 1795, and -- is now, therefore in her ninetieth year, and in the enjoy- -' merit of excellent health, able ,to wait upon - herself, transact her own business "and keep her own accounts. In many respects she is a woman. Her parents were Enoch Bartlett and Martha Ana Hall; she was the first born of this marriage, though her father had quite a number of children by a previous marriage, the youngest twelve' years old when he brought home a His7", first. " e ble : : - jnJjride. -- wjfVtaeeM was entirely new, for the tells us when her mother went home with her husband "they rode forty miles by. a spotted line on horseback; forty more where there was only a track, and took all she had on the Patty, as she was called, learnecj to work when very young, not only indoors, but out, assisting Jier father, a3 he had but one son, and he married and had a family of his own to care for. The girls too were all well married, except the youngest, by the time little Patty was old enough to perforin regular duty, and as there was another young family coming on there was plenty for all to do. The older children were all born in Massachusetts and moved to Maine, seventy-fiv- e miles into the wilderness. Patty was the oldest of nine children, four d woman was taKensuddejijyi " . ; . , ; son3 and five daughters, and at that early day n-r- there were no schools and neither of her .parents 1 could either read or write; they knew their letters, however, and so taught her the alphabet. Mr. Bartlett was a shoemaker, and his wife a weaver, and both worked together, as was quite common in those times, to make a home and raise a family. . The first school Miss Patty attended was kept in her father's shop, and "the schoolmistress, carried her in her arms to school," where she soon learned to read,- and being naturally bright, and, as the Yankees term it, "smart," she soon jicqulred ,what-w- as irr thoso" days considered quite sufficient for ' " ? , girls to know. Although Mis3 Patty, had been a very obeg dient, girland had listened atto the instructions of her mrentsr vns tentively honest, industrious, thrifty and economical, vet she had a will oi her own, as she manifested when she fell in love and her parents disapproved of her choice. She persisted in mnrrv- msr, much asainst their will: though iW clared if she did they would never give her anything, and thev were as irood as their word for they never cave her anvthino- at all nltheir other child- - ' though, she says, "they . V y gave t f. a ren good nt out. l et in this instance, as m ;. of similar a kind, it proved that, .years many afterwards, before her:father died he confessed her husband was the one he thought most, of. and said, "0 Patty, you made a ?ood choice. better than I should have made for you." Patty Bartlett was married June 28, 1812, fo David Sessions, and' went wifh him in hU father's,ten miles away,to a place called Ketch- am. Her husband a mother wa?' a very feeble wromah, could scarcely walk a step without fVpr fth pn1 ten bard-workin- . ..... -' 1 ; c pA fl TiTS fli pf" vrTii r iiuai n tr wntn nn in-hp- -r i. i i!.r timi. i: nitiu &uu lus'iui;, uumiucuiciiti uwu lowed the. profession of a midwife until within a very recent date, when he felt that at lier agu snojvaa no longer io oo uepenueo upon. But. to return to the story of the newly married youifg people located in the backwoods of Maine. After they moved into their new house Mr. Sessions began to build a large barn and everything prospered with them. Thespiing following they made three or four cwt. of sugar, which brought in money, so that they began to be comfortable and contented. June the loth', 1814, their first child was born; they called him Peregrine; that year the barn v, a3 finished. - However wishing, I suppose, to improve their circumstances or seek a better locality, or both, th young- people removed- to a place called Andover Surplus on Jiear iviver; the convomences were not vcrv great, for Mrs. Session1? in her journal says," wo moved into an old cabin where they hix! made i!l il hair, ami uveu.im ru uuui wu uuuiii new liyue, which we moved into in the night, lest the old, rickety cabin should fall down upon us.". " . To be Continued. ;. . , - . - - - Mother Sessionsrwho was in the habit of at- tending' obstetrical cases ' in the vicinitv: sho was very' feeble and had to be led, and before r she had time to any distance, r another came telling the young Mrs. Sessions to run as quickly as she possibly could.- - She huK. rieci on vath alLspeed and when she arrived it was thought the young woman was dying; Mrs. SeaEionsf; vlio''wa3 entirely unskilled "in apairs of the kfnd, but had abundant nerve force and. moral con mere, fnok tliin rhild niul nnh iliAmn- ther in bed before Mother Sessions arrived; the old lady showed her how to dress the baby, which after doing she started homeward. A short" time afterwards the doctor and some oth- pr hflii f flmp .lint nl! wnk nvpc TIip Tlnnfr.v amined the mother and child to see that all 1 n i l i i was right, and nuaing everything in a good condition, he was anxious to see the young and inexperienced woman who had so skillfully performed the work. The doetor called upon her" andxcongratulated her upon her ability, and told her she must attend to that business, hot to have any fear, for she would prosper in it, as it was a new country and there were many about to move in, it would be neceseary to have more help of this kind. About four mcmtl.H.. mes-senge- " 4 so an unusuarthing. sarao-horse.- Have read the future; even he Looked on her as one scarce awake To his thoughts' import; all unknown This vine hath taken root, to break . 1 Thewere very primitive time, very--remarka- " , 11 I . PATTY SESSION. -- She knew be meant the, words, and knew What he bad still to learn as wall, That he would love another yet With love as fond and just as true; Within the Gospel's sacred spell . nis course would Bhape itself to view. 'Tis mine to wait while God unfolds Ills purposes as we're prepared. Nor selfieh, coward self must rise To thwart or check another's need L The trials this young girl hath shared. - Justice demands in word and deed." Thus Helen searched her heart alone, And winter near and nearer drew. Thn the good Elder wrote to 6ay If Helen thought it well, he'd send For her fair guest to spend a few Months with her missionary friend. "Was this temptation? nere was chance To clear her path for once and all." And while she held the letter still, Softly came down the first cold snow; Sho watched it hasten, watched it fall, And something in her heart said "No." ' "Shall I, when skies are chee'rless, cold, And winds call forth the rising storm, Send forth like one cast ant "adrift; . This frail yonng girl on this poor plea? ' . H?r place Is by my fireside warm, Her Ufa lit better here with me," - . .. .J . - ; Is. jet -- lilt; IMft Artttr.n Ahft nnii m c6oerjdrjL .. , , So i - i . . .7 i. - l.'t.l " 1 . 