made our meeting a verv eniov able one. Prayer was offered by Bro. Hicksen. Minutes of last conference were read and apWritten reports were read which proved. showed the. Society financially in a very rrood jondition. The Presidents of the several wards gave in very' favorable reports. Sitsers Rich-- 7 ards and Taylor were LwitlLiiawlilchieTTr more uiau usuaiiy lnieresgng.- meeting ' Sister Richards, in her quiet, loving way, gave us the very, best of counsel; to "mothers in particular, to sec aftertheir children, their" daughters," to yknow where they are and who i they are associating with. Sister Taylor said without the Spirit of God she would be unable to say anything to benefit her sisters. Said we should always attend our meetings if possible; we would feel better, and make better wives and better mothers. Kever allow our children to be taught by those who Said we should try and are not of our faith. improve ourselves that wo may become good financiers. Sister Brown spoke a short time,felt to thank the sisters for coming to visit us, and hoped the sisters would profit by the good counsel they had received. Singing, "God moves in a mysterious way," etc. Benediction by Bro. John Murdock. Mary Bronson, Sec. sonv which - . ... riMA, ARIZONA. x r - The Ladies' Quarterly Conference of 'this stake convened at Pima, October 3rd, at 10 a.m., President Willmirth East presiding. Singing. Prayer by President C. Lay ton. Singing. Minutes and reports read and approved. Verbal reports were then given by r the presiden ts of their respective wards. President East then addressed the conference. Some of the most , important subjects treated upon by her were punctuality j to, be observed in the societyjmothers to teach their children 7 to be honest and to attend to their prayers; encourage home industry in all its branches; that we honor the principles of celestial marriage, and discourage speaking lightly, or holding in derision that sacred principle. Said we live in an eventful period, and that we should pr'e- fnr the, liarft nnrsplvpq x j - trials ffinf orooif " no r ra. v quired us to be humble and prayerful. Instructed the sisters to note the date of sub- . .1 Bcnomg ior tne j&xyonent, so as to do prepared to renew the same when due, and to try and encourage the circulation of the paper. Spoke very encouragingly to the sisters on the subject of storing grain. President Lay ton was the next speaker.- 1: Ii. '7i .1 i" .iJ 1: jjAprtsweu ma pleasure ut i"egjwUJQiJae-Si3,- E icrs m a comerence capacity; aiso in nearing T--1 1 1 -- the reports of the different branches of Relief Society in the several wards; asked us "to be kind to the poor and administer to their wants, and comfort those who are called to mourn. Invoked the blessings of God upon us. Adjourned until 2 p.m. Benediction by iiary ii. Kansom. 2 p.m. After the usual opening exercises the local officers were presented' before - the comerence ana sustained, lhe time. was then devoted to the Y. L. and P. A. in hearing reports, and instructing the young upon the principles of their religion. Closing remarks by a sister, who had lately come from Salt Lake City, who said she had attended a great many conferences, but had never, heard more important subjects treated upon than those introduced by the presiding board during the con rence. Dwelt "upon: the subject of faith &s one the of being leading features of our re- ligion. Conference adjourned to meet at St. David, Friday, January 2nd, 1885. Benediction by . - Patriarch McBride. LtrciNDA Gustafson, Secretary, TRAVELS BEYOND THE MISSISSIPPI. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. " (Continued.) The father of Zebedee Coltron died in our night of the 3lst, also anothef man who had traveled with Dr. Patten. On the evening .of September- - 1st Brother Wood worth and familarrived-liirEick- . . They encamped outside ofthe square a little distance '. from Dur tent. - We had a temporary bedstead and took their prepared daughter, Flora Gove, into our tent, where I nursed her until she recovered her strength. Her husband wa3 also sick with, fever; she had lain helpless for many days, and her heavy raven locks were so matted together that it took me hours to comb them out. We-halived neighbors in Nauvoo, and Were old schoolmates. She was older than myself and Was sealed" to the Prophet Joseph as his wife. This happened before I was aware of the principle. A young man boarding at'her father's, after the death of Joseph not a member of the Church had sought her. hand, in time won her heart," and in a reckless moment - she was induced to accept his offer and they eloped to Carthajjeacjcompanied-b- y -lady frierid.and were there married by a Justice of the Peace. Flora was never ham)T with him as he hated the Mormons, and she felt condemned for the rash step she had taken. She made this confession to me while I was nursing her, and said she desired to cling to Joseph hereafter. They settled at.the'"Point," and she paid me a visit the following winter. She still expressed herself as strong in the faith of the Gospel, also her reat desire to cleave to- the Prophet. I never sa w her again as she died at that place, leaving two or three, children. Joseph Smith gave her father the tlrle of "I'agan Prophet." He came with his family to the Valley, where he left them and went to California and never returned. Her mother was a true saint and a very gifted woman, well known and respected Z by thousands of the eainta in Utah. 1 have given this little incident irTthe life of Flora truthfully, and it ought to teach a lesson Saint to those who read it, for no Latter-da- y can find happiness in marriage with an unbeliever as soon as the illusion which bewildered them wears off; they find no Irue companionship, and remorse will come, though, alas, too late to retrace their steps. ' On Monday the 31st Horace mentions President Young, H. C. Kimball, Bishop Whitney, Fathers Cutler and Cahoon and several of the High Council, some on horseback, others in - wagons, starting tip the' river to"l661c out the winter location. Tbey traveled 25 or 30 milei the first day and encamped on the Horn." The next morning they retraced their steps toward the old Fort of Council Bluffs. Coming to a creek they had to make a bridge, 'af-te- r crossing which, instead of ascending the ridge on the right hand, they kept, on through the bottom, which was covered with very high grass, which soon grew go thick that they got entangled in it and were forced to cut a passage in some places; it was so high, too, that they could not see oyer it, although they stood up "on their horeesf. After pursuing this route for some time in momentary danger of getting "swamped," they at length emerged from it and went upon the bluff, which was so steep that they had to dismount from their horses and let them ascend by themselves. They saw the "Fort" in the distance, apparently about six miles off they soon came to another brook or ravine, where" they were again obliged to build a sort of bridge throwing in that they might be enstuff of different-kind- s abled to cross. The sun was about an hour, high when they arrived at the "Fort," which V'jnsisted of the ruins of a few old buildings amp which had formerly been arched over with brick, but had mostly fallen in they went on about a mile further and - encamped fortfie; ' night at the head of a:ravine." The next day they returned home but little 7 . satisfied with the result of their journey." On the same day Horace says, "A committee of three, viz.: Orson Pratt, J. M. Grant and Brother Bird were sent to confer with the: pmahaws and the Otoes concerning our remain . ing on the land here." -- L. 1-- the principal of which was the "Magazine" the walls were of stone, about eight feet high, on-th- e ' . LETTER FROM MRS. STANTON. . TO THE WOMANs's JOURNAL, BOSTON d right of 1 a-yo- ung- " - " . - . --T- he self-governme- for one half nt the American people is the most momentous and important question that this nation was ever called on to consider; a question so vital and in its consequences that the life or death of all political parties, the success or failure of all other issues, are as nothing' weighed in the balance, with it. And for the reason" that" not one single question affecting ""the interests of humanity can ever be satisfae- torily settled, until we have 'the united thought of enlightened men' and women in its readjustment. We cannot bring order and harmony out of our present chaotic conditions until the masculine and feminine elements are in exact equilibrium. Thus far in the history of the race, the masculine element ha3 dominated, . giving us governments of force, religions of terror, and social conditions of slavery. Our work is to exalt the feminine element, to restore a normal womanhood, and by" education, ; higher developmenL and moral power, he'ipto mouid the state, the church, and the home,, on sound principles of justice and equality. There is great fear expressed lest with enlarged liberty woman will "unsex herself." That is exactly the difficulty under the presof our women are ent restrictions. The-manothing but faint echoes of men, accepting unquestioned their systems of government and jurisprudence, the absurdities and dogmas of of their different forms cf religion, and all their various ttieties of social lite, according to the latitude andSongitude in which they were born. Hence, intrying to build up a normal type of woman hoodwe are compelled to overcome the prejudices of"centuries, the hostility of man to any invasion of Jiisauthor-ity- , and, worst of all, the apathy and indiffar- - ' The :majori ty" '"SC women could not ba more thoroughly "unsexed" - than they are moulded by the mascu line idea, and guided by the masculine will. , The world still waits for a grand type of true . far-reachi- . ss ePJ&fman to-da- y, womanhood to be born. But while working faithfully to this end, we must avail ourselves of every opportunity for popular surface work, whenever, however, and wherever it can be accomplished. For this reason, political parties, in Presidential campaigns, are of some service to us for purposes of agitation. At such times there ii a general revival of the interests of the people in . questions outside the usual routine of their daily lives, hence it is important for reformers to wave their banners from the most conspicuous point of view; to issue their protests, appeals, and letters of acceptance, ad they get and hearing which cannot be secured at any other- - time. Thus, .wholly inde-- . . . pendent of their intrinsic merits, they serre the purpose of a widespread agitation of their ideas of government. Some of us have been arraigned for .advising the members of the National Association to "stand by the Republican party." Knowing lull well that all the parties and nominees alike ; " 