WOM A X 9 8' 22 nted;! w'tthita tUy tVt ri "bist !e and .noise w r'c suu ffTfe''rrrrruffn.ifJe i&uii:ui -- -- - -- irms r e Ids along the way. ; Ucn arriving we ; were receive J sal s'"" -- entei- -- ou 1 t heelause abolishing woman I:.wrotrtr-PmhiSmhhatT,Ty- e and he summoned him to that place, whither he proceeded, accompanied by one of. our Elders, by the next steamer PrestSmith wrote me twice that he was improving, and then I TeaTl TOhe""ar tFat lie had gone home. The next hews was the mournful and whollv unt.v suffrage inJJtah; rejected, 17 ayes, f noes. Those voting in the' affirmative were Blair, Bower," Brown, Conger, Cullom, Dawes, Dolph,' 3 fencieca , M i t chell; Geo rge? 'zf7K PanierrPike7heTman7raH clin JrWIIsoh . ; Brown explained his vote by saying he was -- -- r- jei!stttatiy-alte'g irage, but regarding it as an entirely local terrahll asltTiad been estabtistieTftn a inat- - :- 1-- Jc4a4iiteiiigenenat-asiiij- f was a Irreat blow to us all. narticuhirlv th,,,., " wh o" had tra v el ed here with him and learned to " territory he would vote against the United States government interfering with Htr The LillTthen passed. 33 yeas, nays, as follows, yeas: Allison, Beck, Bower, ..Outrun (Wisconsin), Conger, Cullii!, Dawes, 'Dolph, Edmunds, FairpFrye, Garlai d, Harrison, Ingalls, . . O N E N T. 3-- rj yrd were opttTTefreshed-an- d; ready to .attend the meetlnsr. in the afternoon. After the iv?u al exercises very Interesting and beneficial Howard,""' folremarks were rraJe lowed y a eister ttuin Willard and many of the " , ryciing ladles. It indted filled one with amezement to hear these beautiful young ladles bear eue'a teslinnn Itp, and exhibit eueh knowledge, intellgenee and.Eelf control. I feel sure it would encourage fjom'i of the young laJics, who never takis part - in these asce'ation.vff they could hare heard the many beautiful thoughts that were express-e- d tbat day. It at once proves the benefits that can be obtained from They enable U3 to b jiid4 eich other up, and develop thoset faculties within us, which we knew not ot by-Siste- EX--F - "' know him. .; "' He showed himself a remarkably quick and in tellectua Hlpirit, the , possessor . of unusual ability and energy, and, had he been spared, would undoubtedly .have proven himself one of ' ; 3 Col-quis- t, the best missionaries .ever sent out. His heart seemed to be all in the work placedujwn3inil Jackson, Jones (Fla.), Jones (New),' Lapham, Mc iSIill an, Mc Ph"ersQnf Mahon Jiandersaii ltfcjmiiu-- i est, cy cu niicu 1CK., UllieSS X1U could bestudyiiiir his books; He would hav Miller (Cal.),ntchel!Ierrill, Palmer, Pike, grasped the language in a very short time, and Pughj Riddleberger, Sawyer, Voorhees- and what was still better he was always abje to give Wilson, 33. Nays, Bayard, Brown, Coke, a , George, Hampton, Jones,- Kenna, Lainar,Max-eyscriptural and reasonable "ground for the hope he had within him. But He who rules Vance, Vest Morgan, Pendietonr-Ilansom- , the universe- felt to call him hence, and we, and Walker, 15. , ' his sorrowing friends, have to subject ourselves f cureelvt. to the decree. Closing remarks were male by the President TO MRS. B. A. EVANS, LETTER Happy is he whojleft us, for his race though' of tho Y. L. M, I. A., after which the meeting LEIII. short and nobly run; and happy may wta adjourntdr we be, whoreinain, if we are able to t WrH In. the evtnisg we had the pleas u say from... A CONSOLATORY COMMUNICATION. the bruiseil of our depths yet'" willing and obe4nv the fair. I mv trulvtay i hearts:.-"Thdient will be done; the Lord gi to see the excellent taate disphyed in the arPostgasse 36, Bern, Switzerland", the Lord taketh away, blessed be the name rangement and in the articlss exhibited, a jd the April .29, lb of the Lord." Dear Sister I trust you will excuse my pre-- : wiIUngnes9 of the ycungr ladies t asUtinalI. I feel myself incompetent to offer any words good work3,' Borne at the ai tide? were really sumption in addressing you, with whom I have of consolation; but I assure you, dear Sister works of art,aud all showed the industry and" not. the pleasure, of an acquaintance at all; and Eyalis, tha t my prayers have been offered up from my desire at the present of the young lad! ee, -- II o ni e wo nd e r t u 1 ji e.-though it 'is and will still bo "that the comforting spirit, of time to recalrthe sad and harrowing made hat? just as pretty as could be puichsaed whom it is written that - it robs : death of its ken m-m hi tri tlreatew"weeks"th jrouTgrief-stricat any of our millSiui y shop?, sting and the grave of its victory, may be befeelings, yet I consider it no less a taste, so'a cjshiouF, biskttP, netting, stowed upon you, and that you and your beduty than a pleasure to make a brief report to bead "work, embroidery of the finest kind on reaved family may. feel the near and hallowed you of the manner in which your lamented son hbmmude linen mats', tidka of ail ascriptions, l presence of Him who has promised to wipe and our sincerely-mournebrother conducted binds of needle til wex work, ftllpper?, away all tears from the eyes of His people. And himself the short mission he was during liiviwn perf.r.HrH, artificial' wnr)r, work, to ' may the bright example of him who is in mitted to fill, our midst. tiding, Led rpreads of drawn and netted work, join his departed loved ones and his brethren, obedience In to the call made him of the at crved wood, quills, netbd cuilainp, pillow : ever remain as a shining-beacfor the young October Conference, 1 883 , he left his h ome and " in laees and eollara, men shams, of penci'yaud that ever be found Israel, they may beloved ones for a mission in Switzerland and -cil paintings, and bo many beautifai and use.'ul cause" of truth to assist ready warriors for the Germany,, and reached this city, after short articles that it would be impossible to mention in putting its opposing hordes to fight and its visits with his fellow Elders in "London and J enemies under their feet. or do justice in dehcrlbing them. The Indiana on Sunday morning the 11th of NovemParis, from Thistle V alley sent some very nica art'cle?, My wife and my associates here join me in ber. In our evening meeting of that day he work Hbowlng that the expressing our condolence, and our sincere wish among them h not borejirs testimony to the truth of the work he that in this hour of trial the friend of the baen In vain. One of the young Indian wome,u had traveled so far to proclaim, and expressed, afflicted may be near to comfort and sustain Bent some needla work; a biby'd white drts . theJiuoyan t liope that ocnxi)eab1e"fo tucked autTTmljaed yvTt li embroidery. Other aryou. With the kindest regards, I have the hontalk to the people in their own " : or to subscribe myself, r ticles, such ai woollen stocking aprons and The next day I gave the Elders their apYour Brother in the Gospel, everythinK In' the way of bead emb:oidey, pointments to the different fields of labor, also , John Q. Cannon. such instructions as I thought appropriate. At pursee, cuehione, hand satchel, moccasin?, and all were quite handsome; also copy books filled the close of the meeting Brother Evans rewith their writing, and it would do well for quested that we administer to him, as he felt a FROM A GENTILE. lee-b ""lassitude and weariness, also a cold and pther -- i omo of us to prac t n t ii we Id form our letters aw well, for they were excellent. symptoms of an approaching- - fever. This we ArpLE Geove, Ala., Feb. 15, 1S8-J- . did unitedly. Next morning, Tuesday the 13th, The fair waa C3ndusted by the young ladies, Editor Exponent: . had been selected for the departure of the and the contributors were nil from the stake. I am a regular reader of your valuable pabrethren, but as his journey was so Ion The lower end of the room was fitUd up fur to " per. Although Hive away out here in AlaBerlin I endeavored to him riHwt persuade del'cicus bama, I know something of the doctrine and thy served.the a few days longer with us- until he hadtastay fetravberriep, ice cream, cake and fruits. Altoteaching and practices of that persecuted peorecovered. He to howa preferred go, gether the Mr wa3 thorough success, end reple called Mormons. I have never fceen among ever, his ambition ta begin work being so flects great credit cn the President and them, but have read several books and papers great yjung that he could not feel comfortable in remainladles that give me a pretty correct knowledge ot-ting after having received his appointment. BeMay we have mary more such meeting? and Mormon character, and I admire . their fore leaving them .that night (the brethren all fair?, and may God ble8 all thoe who are seekmagnanimity, industry, and forhim to promise me slept in the office) bearance .towards th eir enem ies. - They h ave ing aadworking for the good of the-- e eocletie.i that if he did not feel better in the mornin and associations. I enjoyed my visit very muc'i built up a great State in the barren regions of he would not "undertake the journev, and so a the Rocky Mountajns,under the mostunfavor havo indeed, anj great aimiratioa for thosa him good night. When I came next ;bade 7able circumstances, and .suffered .young lidiea who havo shown feueh nctiiity.and ' many privahe was not present, and T was informmorning cou rs g j to meet toge t h er for mutual tions and for the sake of religious hardships imp ray p ed that he felt 'better and had decided to."Q and still anient. be let. can't And alone. liberty, 'Louie Wells. they with the others. . After he reached BerlinI find from reading newspapers from the other I heard oncer twice from him" alo way that their worst enemies are of that class FORTY-EIGHfrom his companions who camepersonally, TH . to Confereace-a- t CONGRESS. spoken of in the Bible as the salt of the earth Christmas and reported him then as that has lost its savor, and. said to be worthless getting SENATE. better Ten days later I was shocked to hea? and good for nothing but to be trampled under from the Elder who went there to him the feet of men. And iaod in His wisdom join 18. Consideration of the Utah "Washington, that his fever was still unbroken andUhat a till wa3 resumed. Hoar offered an amend- may do that way for them yet, for thev seem to change wa3 imperatively necessary. have lost the copy and standard of righteous. - these-meeting- !. - - - ... r'e-.-G- f-a y " v-et- I O : y circum--starices-- f- d . -- . -- d H.-r- o p on he-wou- ld lano-uacrp- ... . ; ou - - com-plete- ly . he self-denia- l, !-- got ; . h, 