b.--4.. :fi:1b:te'v h V. ri. ,.. : : 4 .: . " v u ti - -- . r -- ft .i i .A - '..s- i. . IJ ; W ta - ?v ,liKLL A SKA - FotYND IS on wr. 1 X .iy: of tho Women of all Nations y..s . iU-IX- IX ARIZONA. i .4 - XJL-:r- The Bight, df ;t)iWoaao!lZiM)1aWi,tHe-Eig!:t- ON- lil- t 4 ;.v1 J . ii - ni eii tedj t h a t fro tit t hii s kin hei n l' n off senib lea n d in3cui hle4 rer i ra t!o n , t hat-fron- t . t lie Itinurs in. theJ'urui otlvaoor. tho'prnn-.riri -- - - havanvtlui- u to bmt i 1 1 -- t - -I shell- -: iTSJlDFtiV ittlift-- '' irrukfVV.! .A thonht-Hfrrr- 'Torji.w.tkenJ.fce. 'j i niV Jiiint!, u II , nm',". TOTrTmi-thf-'' "" FiTyTjuTng t a? jvhrii frco oti tlMVtJeran.wavtf !'tl in the It sjrave, Wicre tor ages past it lms"d arkl y'ili i i'i 3. And'n.w 'its l.rouirht ..rth to thu lilit 1" .1' and thA story t'!f (if the I'oojtle'wbopo rnoi: unifM 8.vtaud' to Or' cv-Its own and it? owner' fat; ; lVi'reth'y lowly ..Rorn or of high estat-Vt'ho A- rid As r'U:ii! And thi.r liiil. fr WerO-i- Or r. shiti'iir- BY DR. J;, S. . drcatn! hy pTth wrtTTgcrrv" of the Puri.'d pa'?t,' units children in j?in eWp.. thii-.ton- ih i:i!:Ideiiiif t riin,-wha- hjjljjm a dwelling (,f ci:,v t iisinatfs true t" the in Crime as dark as ni'ht'.' fcunkc-- n ' , : . ' - The Future, whose marvelous work has began, To ase i) o' more 't i time's, courso fun ; Hi! the flre'inc: ast and the present meet, ""And they together "their Maker greet. Hop; cous-membran- Tii i evening I have heeiv "re (lectin z over a chirin'. the Jittle. which we are sur- - Thinking of the evils wit li 'rounded, and the snare.? and temptations that heset .the ."psitli of' the ; youug and "unwary, of hoth young men and young women, who are j'noraut and inexperienced in the wavd of the worhi and s .e u c ?ig aiiu en .w. Theso are things which maki my heart sad and ,and sorrowful; again, I hear remarks made . . . iiKe tins: 'U,yeJJ, you cannot expect any tin rig better from her, or fwni hi'm, case lnav atjie s "areT uncalled for, and liy jfch-TeTiTarkgiving matters a little these re: ferences would never bo made. 7 . We who know better, or ouglit to know better, should show by our example and our walk m life ''the better way," that we may eyery-daj tbe humble instruments in the hands ecor?.? ff our Heavenly Father to help reclaim these poor, unfortunate creatures.-- , If any of vou, my young friends, have uttered aTjarsh , vonL 1 .unthinkingly, do ?c no more; if vou have it in vour power to lend a helping hand to fallen do ;humanity so, and strive to lift them up if possible to your own level. Do not forget that there is more in heaven over one sinner joy and nine penteth, more than over 7 that need no repentance. Andninety rememagain, ber the injunctions of our Savior: "Do unto - 1 . . i j s . con.-iderati- on y . . - '' ' : ' - " r t"has'th:) e, i a wl iif h , - if - c h roni c HE CAKKFUL WHAT YOU BAY 1 " . ' o.LJjle, m thosatne mate-o- f Tivoi-ier- tb'ii of f oh causes lengthjf "6"z." fr.-i- reteii- ofllCT clothing and :mi;-j;:m- ei- - titne, bytlie of wnse; the "20 , injury to I lot system; if! this channel is negkcled it becomes dry 'and l;arh and. unfit for its ; functions; some oflier organs must theirsupply its place; as the this organ may have too much kidneybut to d", thus fc-and become both, working may diseased; in fact neglect of cleanliness is, 'the most fertile source of disease,' both of the skin itselfand other parts. Cleanliness in our habitatmn is as necessary to health as personal cleanliness. Some, peopj e a re t oo i n d olcnt to ha the at all, and some-a- different times- of the day before - t and after breakfast. in f1a m at i " ti cold bath diould not be used. When we consider the anatomy of the skin, that in each papilla of., the skiti is located the terminal extremity of a nerve, then we can realize why a restless chiltl can so quietly sleep after the soothing effect of a short warm morning both; and a tired,' fevered man after a hard days work can arise in the morning so refreshed and invigorated, having had a cool or warm bath the night before; it lowered the temnerature., removed s ' tho.sorencss of the flesli, the .irritablencss of the nerves. Tho ;empcrature of the human frame, in a -aWoTTiealth, contmues ci'rcn ins tan ce it is placed. The temperature of an adult is generally from 07 to the latter is. called normal In some -- cases- of (lisea-- e dt is above this standardr iir! other conditions it sinks far behiw. The ftihc-- t iuii by which the body is enabled to preserve, this uniformity of. temperature are intimately connected with the nervous gyttein, and the respiratory organs by which heat is developed. The skin performs the function of regulating it. especially iu reducing- it when too InVaWhen the body is placed in a medium, or Uw-e- r temperature than ibelf;1 the heat is abstracted more or less rapidly from the .surface, which would have "the Tjfect"'" of chilling it were not. this counteracted bythe intecnal dcvel()pmejit. (Should never use cold baths at night after thox fatigue of tha day, but warm water instead, as ; ; . : teaTlyhe-same-iir--whatev- er 03; .. - -t- AVhen surthen repi rounded liy an aeriform medium much higher than itself, the ex halation from, the surface, he-frame ires-soothin- botb ofjlifi .skjnaufLluiJgaani-greatly-au- g beforcr at. ce' breakf isr; 1 Tt may here is a jot, - -- ; aj-etentu- and a glued substance over thos-- pores, then the health becomes, impaired. Remove the scales of the dead epjdefmisaud..the.'cflcte-nia---K-rmrev.-um iu absorption, and keep tQ pore open, especially in fever; then apply oil to soften the and allay irritation of the nerves and aid nutrition by absorpf ion. The sea ebbs and flows twice a day but the' great river of life ebbs and flows once in twen-- . r hours, attaining its maximum height at. 2 j m., and., its minu mum at- rotilnigirdist4y-a- t 11 a.m. is a good time to take a bath before . dinner. LLuw often should . ft healthy person bat he? Twice a in winter:; months, and every other day in summer months. Young child-- . Yen breathe through the lungs, hence, depend on the skin for a poi thm of the areatiou of the blood, and they should be bathed every day in warm water, in a warm room, and- not .exposed to cold, always using the thermometer, for: if too hot water is used it wiil be very .depressing. Delicate, 'feeble persons'' of all ages- require a. higher temperature of a and a shorter stay iir it than others, as bath, : o or 'JO-'- , ikiths, when properly conducted, are a luxury, and a child will crave it and leaj) from its mother's lap with joy on its approach; it only injuresYhem by improper appfi- be accompanied cation; hence, children in their' baths with an adult," in order to regu. later the "manner of their bath. From the child that has his face and neck washed every morning in cold water you .seldom heara complaint; But a person wearing the :boa," and is doubly wrap)ed is exp jyed. View the himself to an open collar, lor, who aceu-tohis skin is prepared to resist exposure-otjie sea. to better harden and open Nothing i. the teinlcr skin: tliart va(er and air; toughenthis fact being recently considered, the surgeon does'.not hasten to wrap, but exposes the extremity of an amputated litnb. The cold bath, when-useby avperson in health, increases the tone (if the habit, strengthens the digestive and ing the sensibility of "the"" whole system, especially of the skin, - l sytnnathy; n e .xl - tH-ak- - aU in tin- systom which is 'culled theXexcret in i: now if this i- - deficient iiiirs a of ion and proC'.-?sin the - system- - from closed pores,7 r ch)SGst anotlier-vIlkper'- tons mvigorato ur deoiiitate. t re-gard- ed ; 1 ':' T. u nerai ji.e it means theimaiaiYion of the hody m alluid different in kiud or tempvr-aturfrom the cummon air. Water is t'h' ary medium empIoveiFfor baths, hut and huiited air are likewise in use for thevapor pur- -cure.id"-ii-c;ry- great use ofMaihhigi mast be obviou vher WTnVide r 1 hat the is not to be as a mere covering' of the body, but as an organ, the healthy coudiiion.of which is f ya?t importauec to the well being of the whole frame, but especially of tho stomach and Jiv- ing membrane of the luhg,,with which as nut-..- . 1 1 I.hthing may he can.jdere.1 from a two fold point of view; as hygiene or.i.ai.ajncaL.of-"prefvin- g he:ath,l)y keeping: the kin in".a tate fit for jHifformiiig its fimctionVaiid as a .oe, The- . . Ir . o--l- T . have tranpirud UARNEY. -- r AVten they of thernselvtsGod's work.s.to nUkcpJain . I Lav !.!!- -. d f..r a prophet xA God to stand" Arnid !hf ruinp of thi.-- far land, And I've prayed that mine own (yes might U hold Tbs; pft't, and I'll wait for the years to unfold things that d r e Oh, the iircdons record the book that tdlaU The fctory that ttill in o'.lhion dw. 11-.To a. world IV wi-- c world whose wisdom ir val ti'-- -' iew - ire- liLffiba3ktfcs oGetKHmr-ti'fretionot temeritnfe. The quantity'' of1 water,! thus disposed of in twenty-fbu- t .hours is estimated at pints. The skin is capable of re-- . when moving, acting in harmony with the la ws AOV-Coiol-s.hiiwi;r-b- . io?p!-Pligh- U prc- 80M Ji LNTEIIESTIXG FACTS. ."and. ranc, wicrd "st t -, 4uid4Hd-dr-- Jxu;&tirL-Li- ii 1 . the Is in ! wc are "?rr - 7 ' , if. what Life, oh,. life! TJ;:.- - wi-Jj- first. from' tho deep ea jhorc?".".-J.)Vt'T:-iii ay Po, Pi the dtys of yorv, liroaiiio.i life's drcrirn in tli.it fair land, tl.t v llv . ' it could fi.j: I -'- .. . niemahty, perhaps some oftheVallen ones be.Wiv!K to: rtpen'tanco; ah,! in a future jnay day: f'.C'..m'jhni1t hu .:ii:,i- n- Ji.udm m tK( Kin- -''.1 vnofour ( Jud and ili Chriit. m. p. c. r. , ) vtli- - .1 - fuul fah'.ofthe detrover.' be lanugo; and. prayerful, never for-.'- fltm to sisk-ihLord to euiitiiiuo UU clioicc,t JliiiiixuiiyHJ7-iIia- t through" your instni-- I ' Hihi Vvuiild fT,.K. i bold lip to the tight, ul j ink aaJ w Lite. I rrt.fC(UL( t !!u ti'DPCT f,t TpntiHiiTrin j.,r. ' ty-fbu- - " - - cua-tahtl- y. ms f or-gan- sh jt Tg gudifeptible - s, - 