18 TRAVELS BEYOND THE MISSISSIPPI. ' - BY HELEN MAR wrrrrxEY., -- iiU " (ContmucrLX C Onhe-rtfaTHorac- e inTlrmn o to o to do, though.. Horace givesjiojbgh.tli.dea: "Wednesday, 20th. This morning fine and in "pleasant, the atmosphere sweet au'd pure,, contrast to the sultry heat of yesterday ; aknost ' in earnp was unloaded, in order r everv' Wasron J i o dr v'thaiEintrs-therein7 Kimball and Brigham went over the river to- the brethday to make some arrangements for They ren sUrtingfor England ty- have ewe Sincintend starting been lying still our cattle have suffered from the "footale,"caused either by the mud or grass hoofs;-whiltraveling we getting between their with it." . have never been troubled The remedy made use of was to pour melted rosin into the hoof, afterwards pulling a rope it to get out .. backwards and forward through the filth. Rather, a rough remedy this. We had showers at intervals' for two or three days ' ifnd nights, and on the 30th Horace wrote: "During the storm on Tuesday e vening an ox 'belonging to Bro. Eldredge was struck by lightning and instantly killed. .Father Lott came bringing considerable church propup erty, with some cattle and sheep, etc."" and that my father and mother went over the river to visit a farm the same day, returning at even-.inand bringing quitea quantity of green corn He first we had seen that was fir to eat bndgernlt"roken his : neck- - this forenoon. ; The game he called the of. the people" day camp together and told" them the intention of movimr tn tin' morninsr.and recei.yta.turiryote:-a:eeneerirthe::sameQV formed "them that they had found a good road on the "divide -- between the Missouri and Elk Horn Rivers; and they had no doubt of finding some good location. We started next morning and traveled eight milos anuVencamped da the prairie." ; : hwiiaving-jumped-ofF-- : w . time." ' he says, "we saw "a number of teams crossing the back. There were-te- n ; wagons, which proved to be the property of . men who had left the Pawnee villageabout 120 miles above there, in consequence of the hostility of the "Indians, where they had lived a number of years They were going to the village below on the west side of the river, where a number of their companv had preceded them. Among those we saw were four wagon3 and six men belonging to Bishop Miller," who are tak- ing a load back for them, and receive in ment for the same three hundred bushels 'of The occagrain, mostly wheat. sion of their leaving i3 this a hostile tribe of Indians called the Punkaws, who are constantly roving about and are much addicted, to thieving, have lately made their appearance at the Pawnee village, and molested them so muck with their thieving operations and otherwise, that thev are obhVed to leave'' the Indi- ans having previously stolen .alLtheir.horses "ThlettTement of men who have thus .left, for-- . merly consisted of eight families, viz.: three missionaries, three farmers,- one blacksmjth.and a school teacher commissioned Jjy government; " t he schooL teach er fmrermm Pawnee who have left with children, twenty him to go down to the said .village, and whom he is educating'at the' expense of the government. ' Some of Bishop Miller's men told me that the Pawnee village was totally deserted, they having gone out on a hunting expedition. They told me furthermore that ihey are, living on the "fat of .the land," there being plenty of garden sauce, such as potatoes, onions, peas, etc, which the settlers had left behind, not be- ing able to bring them away." We had been deprived of vegetables from-t- he time that we had left the states andjt had already begun to tell upon us, though we had no ideathen of the scourge and suffering that were lying before us; but we will not "cross the bridge till we come to it." There was a piece of unexpected good fortune happened to -Bishop Whitney which Horace relates: r "When father's boys went down into the- -country some time after provisions he sent $80 z: for the same, but th rough the mismanagement of the agent he did not get more than half he wanted, and consequently would have been unable to prosecute thejouriieyhad it not been that the Lord, seeminirlv on nurnoso tn rennlr this' TmsfortTmer1fiju7 behalf. Iho circumstances were these: Bro. Hyde being about to depart for England, just before crossing the river- - again with his famk ly, let him have two yoke of oxen, ten barrels of flour, and a. bushel and a half of beans, which, to use his own phrase, "has set me on my feet again," and he is completely now fitted out to his heart's content. , At the same time Bro. Parley P. Pratt gave him $30 in gold for the same amount of money " 28th. Beautiful morning. "Tuesday, About 2 p.m. it commenced d raining, and showering through the day and niht: accompanied by considerable thunder and ligntningjt seemed to pour down almost perpendicularly and in perfect torrents, so that there was not a wagon but what the rain pene-- " trated through the cover thereof and wet all the bed clothing, etc." This was one of the trials calculated to test one s patience, a virtue, which had been considerably exercised during the five months that we had spent picking and plodding our way rnitrlffic.UltlCS "h'ch no can des- must leave ik for imagination - . , . con-turne- - - r- - laage tr r : e UNION. Union is something that ought to be cultivated and exist in vcry settlement of the Latter-daSaints. And without it we cannot accomplish much good. We ought to try and be united with each other as much as possible. The Lord says,."Unless ye are one ye are not mine." By that it seems that we must unite or He will rejecFus. And without union our meetings cannot be interesting. Then let us be well as in. other united in our meetings-a- s things. It ?eems that nothing worthy can be y . to-da- y, g 3ccojiipljhelt3 effort this stream of water that flows close by cannot be controlled; one man's efforts would be useless to control it, but the united efforts of twenty or thirty have once controlled it, and - wrote: ' "Another meeting wa3 held this morning, and a numberof teams sent down to help those - who are crossing the river ajUhe time, and are .they-wilwlo-it-ag- size .of our camp with ' constantly swellinglhe" ' . their numbers." Next morning another meeting was. called; and a number of men who had not yet been were sent to the river to work.. Father and President Young went also. .While they were there the steamboat "General Brooks'' came -- down the river and stopped at the village on our -- side about two miles below the ferry' 'Bros. Parley P. Pratt, Orson Hyde, John Taylor, R. Pierce and Little came over in a skiff and took in Bros. Brigham and Kimball and went down the river to overtake the boat, but when they got to the village the steamboat had left, consequently Bros. Taylor, Hyde and Pratt were .in company obliged to go down in a flat-bowith some missionaries till they can overtake a J steamboat." "Saturday, August 1st. Another lot of men were sent down to the river Tothis morning with teams. day a number of the Otoe Indians were here, they had a lot of corn with them which they "had stolen from the cornfields of the Mohawks close by here. The Otoes are a mean, thieving ' race, and are also very cunning, which they showed particularly in this case, knowing that the taking of the corn would be laid.on to us by the Mohawks. Father, mother and little brother are very sick Father took cold sitting up and watching with mother, who was very sick during last night, but is a little . . - : to-da- y w -- To-da- To-da- -- to-da- y, al- MISCELLANEOUS. jenryCareyr - afteir having enjoyed her -- TnajestyJs"favorfor" several years, lost it in this manner: As he was ." "Sunday, 2nd. Brothers Brigham and Kimball and some others took a trip up the river on tins side to hud out a nearer road Jo the place where they want to go, they returned and held a council. : It is conor next day templated to start oh to and to go some place to settle down and pre-7 pare for winter. - y 1 ,by Bro. K.'s advice and arrangement, the family was divided into three messes, making it more agreeable and con venient for all. y f put up my little tent again Sarah Ann, Helen, Mary Houston, George Billings and myself are to occupy it." "Monday 3rd. The weather still fine. Brother Kimball sent ten yoke of oxen down to the river to help up Bro. Clayton and fami-- ' , Bro. ly; Brigham let Bro.Kim-bal- l have a quantity of beef an ox of - of every kind. And where there is union most any thing can be accomplished. Nora Savage. to-da- to-day- One grain of powder is harmless, but when a barrel explodes it will tear theTocks to pieces. Think of the great damage that was caused by the united effect of the explosion of many " tons of powder in the magazine at Salt Lake City. IVho has not heard of the Indian chief who, when on his dying bed, took a single arr it easily, and then said to his . row and broke sons, This is the way you will be broken after your father is dead if you single out and divide yourselves! And then he took a bunch of arrows and told one of his sons to break them, but he con Id not; the father then- - said , This is the way you will be if you all stay together pT'i remain as one; you cannot be broken. Take a single match and light it and it is nothing, but unite it with other flames and its power is wonderful. It will destroy property : at better ain.- , walking in the garden of the palace, under the queen's window, she asked him, in a jocular manner, "What does a man think when he is thinking of nothing?" The answer was a very brief one. "Upon a woman's promise," he replied. "'Well done, cousin," said Elizabeth "excellent !" Sometime after he solicited the honor of a peerage, and reminded the queen lhat she had promised it to him. "True," said her majesty, "but that was a woman's prom' ise." Ex. : Maudlsrit it dreadful, Julia, about the banks, and Wall Street, and stocks, and everyJulia Just shocking! thing of thatj sort? Politics are such dreadful things. JlaudAnd don't you know I have been worried to death about pa! Julia Why? Does pa own jour a bank? Maud No: but he's got lots to do with mortgages and speculations and that sort of things, and I just know that1 when I ask him . set of harness for Kitty, he's going to look up with that awfully solemn look and say, "My daughter, do you read the papers?" Washington Hatchet to get a new gold-plate- d , . 