L WOMAN'S EXP O N K -- " .' s and they should be well educated, and obtain correctln formation upon points' of doctrine. Sifter Pugmjre aid, we realize the hand of the Lord has evbs beenj over us for good. Iet us aid one, another, be kind to the nftHrred 7 and cast" down". i :" 1 r Desired to do a work, in the temple fur ' rii i hand. - - his tela! vcs. Prest. A. Laker Jelt that we were in a school. The Lord has promised .us light if we ask for it. : We want to' teach our children the works of our Savior. )ro can wield algreat influence over our children, then how great our responsibility. We are surrounded by temptation.-, but we niU3t live above them. ' v - Sister Jnlia Budge said, we may receive we will if live for them. Bore blessings great a faithful testimony to the workof God. Prest. X. M. Puz mire thought if we carried out the instructions received, we would be a better people than we are It' was her desire to do aa near right as possible; had many reflections while, listening to the sisters, and thought that they were noble women. Wondered if the gi r Is thought of the many duties resting upon their mothers, and if they help them whenever they can.. Gave the girls some good instructions on the choice of a -- jpgJaade. j, few -- mivhi Sleight. ; '' J uua -- -- ." . Coun. A. Cook said, it is wrong to Fpeak -- i H:ightj jfltlieirprihMples f we connot understand them we must not use our influence against them. We must ba careful whom we keep company with. - ; I believe we are doing as well as wc can in our Relief Society in this far off land, under The Exponent is. such a valuable and strengthening paper, and I value it very highly, I don't know how I could do without it, I take so much pleasure in reading its columns. is that God who knows all things Myii prayer -j l our wiJi Ditss uesires to uo good everywhere. tATIIERINE ilATCn, President. I ... y trying to do right. Xs said it was no use to shrink from our duties if we desired the blessings of our Heavenly Father. Prest M. Ca rl son spoke very en eon ragi ngly of the.sistersof Ovid. Spoke of the storing of grain, and said that one bushel of wheat in time oi need would save many lives. Prest. M. A. Shepherd desired that the Lord would qualify her for the position she occupied, that the object desired by the organization might be realized. Bore her testimony; to the ' truth of the work. -i- i.Miss Jujia Budge said she desired to do ' "whatever was required of her, or she Ivould : never attempt to speak from the stand; Hoped that she would prove faithful to her duties.- 'Bishop Mathews exhorted the Saints to attend to thejr;- - prayers, or they Tould lose the Said many other good Spirit of the Lord. v " i . : things. 7 Bishop H. H. Dalrymple said, the people ; of the world thought that the women of this Church Were in . bondage, and thaC by giving ': them power they would turn againstlheir husv ins lister-S- i d " ' - - the Kingdom of God.. The sisters who have spoken to us have had a long experience are very'iaxticular:wnat they ' 1 ' ' teach the people. Bishop' A. R. Wright said, we must do whatever, is required of us, as it takes a great deal of moral courage to stand in this Church, and our integrity will be tried. Thought that the ladies had a great deal more influence than-m- ost men would like to give them credit for. cijiworanoL .T - l- 8N0WFLAKE, ARIZONA Editor Exponent: I would like totell you a little how our so- -. ciety. is getting along, but I fear I am trespassing upon your time, wMch I know is precious. I w ill j us t say th a t th oxsiters are doing we i I , and are united. We are jusl now out of debt, having built U3 a good sawii log house, which been for t wo years past:: the : on ly meeting has . house we have had. We are working now to pay a fifty dollar donation on our new brick meet ing house. Our. Bishop hag counselled usNto fence our lor this spring, which. we have takeu . T as soon as we can a vote to try to do. dust we want our names upon the books as donors to the Deseret Hospital; we would rejoice if you .. could make us a visit. forts and indefatigable labors of Sifter M. E. Freeman, President of th Young Lad ies' Association, togher with officers of the Primary and some of the sisters who kindly. aisWtyd in jjDfLfching4lieillfe The only diaagrccabie feature : of the day - LjaaHhenpropitiw like December than May, raining nearly all day, making it quite rouddypbut in spite of - the weather the assembly room was filled till 'there was scarcely: standing room left. At half to ordr, past nine the assembly was-cal-led and after the usual exercises the Young Ladie3 and Primaries each crowned their queen with their customary ceremony; following which - were songs, recitations, etc., each of which are deserving of special nienCwnJtXfLthat " it would not be Ju-- ;t to encroach too much on ' your limited space, I must "however .mention the ''Address to Parents," delivered by Sister Amanda; Dana, in behalf of the Primary, and the representation of the Young Ladies through their manuscript paper, 4The Ad vocate. edited by Sister Ella Udall, and read by Miss Ida Hunt; it was excellent, and displayed much literary ability on the part of editor and contributors, and is a great credit to t . one exception, Thewhgl of! the little ones win- passed very pleasantly, ning desereyed applause. The exercises were all performed by members of tho two associations with the exception of an address by Bishop D. K. Udall aud singing by the choir. Owing to our backward spring, nature failed to supply a single offering in the shape of flor- -' al decorations necessary for such an occasion,"" to be supplied consequently. the deficiency-ha- d by artificial means, which wa do'xj by the making young ladies uniting their efforts-hartificml clotk aad paper flpv-r-tlT"', with a ni ... tjvvw piue and cedar bough?, maJo ' " : aud festooning. quets - At tlie close of. the exercises a fr.v an I was in order until two o'clock, when th-'little folks met to enjoy themselves in the 'dance. During the. af ternoon those , resent witnessed a pret ty "sight, the braiding of the "May pole" by a number of little girls dressed in white. ' The festivities of the day closed: with a grand leap year ball in the evening, given by and for the benefit of the Young Ladies' As: sociation, which all agreed was one of the most ' enjoyable parties everTield in St. Johns; good ordt-and a u n i versa 1 feel i ng o f s ci ability prevailed, aud all enjoyed themselves. , the-associatio- , ' . 1 ; . eaty-picni- . 1 . : r Oxe WHO K.VOW.S. A PLEASANT GATHERING : . .1 . -- . ; Your sister, Mary J. K. Wi:rr. : MAY-DA- Y FESTIVITIES . St. Johns, Arizona. Editor Exponent: I. A. and Primary Association of this place united in getting up a programme for the celebration of May-dawhich, in order with the to not interfere regular fast day meetings,-was celebrated on Friday the twelfth'ult. The" Y. L. M. y The affair proved a complete success, we had no doubt it would, the arrangements being planned and executed by the ladies, and afforded our community a day of real. pleasure and enjoyment, thanks to the untiring ef-- c ; -- , ' - bajidsuii 2 for WOODRUFFARIZONA. -- - . Budge, Asst. Secretary, our circumstances. We were organized one year, ago last January. Our members number about twenty, and most of them take a lively interest in doing all they can. We have our lestimony meetings once a month", and working meetings once a month also. We appreciate our meetings very much, and' feel that they are arcat ble,s4 has given us a commandment to meet together often that we may be instructed in the truths of His Gospel. It seems that there is a great deal for the sisters to do; there is a great responsibility resting upon the mothers of Israel to raise their children in the fear of the Lord. I feel that we cannot live too humble and near to God; if we keep all His laws and commandments and go in faith, asking Him for such, blessings, as we need, even asking for mdom, we shall re , Singing. Meeting adjourned until 2 p.m. Benediction by Bishop Samuel Mathews. X, 2 p.m. Meeting opened with singing, prayer by Bishop H. H. Dalrymple. Singing. The sacrament was then administered, after which Prest. P. Hogenson bore testimony to the work-- ; was the only one of a large family that had embraced the truth, and knew there was a great work devolving upon her. Prest. VanNorman felt well in this great work. Reported "the society in BenningtonNis being in a good condition, and made other re-- , ' marks, SisterrAi Austin thought-the-Societitr Lib erty-wain good condition, and the sisters were pel ,'er down-trodde- r to-day- tAnrh for their kind and courteous manner during the meetings. If she, had? power to lift bar voice to the ends of the earth she would a how the world we are not the n peeple: we are represented to be. Exhorted all to stand firm, even unto the end. Singing. Benediction by Elder, Thomas . . ; . - the result in tho hands of the Lord. It is right to teach our children to ask the blessing on the food n d a ho tak e t heir j a ft i n family prayer, and prepare. themselves'-Tobaptism when they The signs of the . times fire eight years old. r T A surprise party in honor, of the eighth anniversary of the birthday of Sister Margaret Ballard, President of the Second Ward Relief Society, Logan, Cache Co., was at her residence. She was givenApril 14th, ' with an eeganjbjiinandit-pai- r also presented .of Tvasen helialf of the, teachers of the Relief SocietyNxSister Ballard in terras-o- f gratitude expresses!, ' her heartfelt thanks and appreciation for the honor and esteem which Then followed the sisters entertained foX-he- r: songs, recitations and. speeches, all., of ; which derail ppropriatoior the 4eeasionraud-a-ver- reniovable time was sient, whiclixwill be loner ' remembered by all. LIfcLINE L. Jami-- s, - May 9th, !884. J5-- . fi t f jr If you are mor?: ' ; v " thi n th a thing Secretar you a ro doing not too large for the place, you are for small it. Garfield. too 