mm rlnlMhedGospeUofJ EXPONENT. ,r'S the holds to le higher than anything: else. There no plaee nor peop-- who have a greater regard for eaoU other's indiyiduf .iuid.smoug the "Mcrmons.7' . Bhter El'.zi Snow has over shown a kindly feeling for the "stranger la osr mlda" audke Is MHBUSE 2. WEULS, . . Editor,-. in Salt Lake Uty, Utah Fuo:.tfcod Terms: ne copy one year, 53. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten opIg8torthe' price of nlngt, Advertising eemi-monthl- y, TatestEacirs HALT LAKE CITY, DECEMBER li ;'timo to talk, to and enjjgbten those fcekicg for Information upon the snljcct cf the Latter-da- y -- Agiin ye fate up the pen to pick up a th read Fithfull's Chapters on Utah. It would be very . - m. , an-eul- ah X UU, UUl A EU&li UIO 11 LD JUIJIIga lie dia8oai-kingly--'gp5- of kn pre si and to cn, and otters woraarr 3d3 who d votes her life to doing good toothers, than MISS FAITH FULL AGAIN. r Sajnt?,0teapha "afterwards- ty the have mi represented her a9 In the case of Miss Fjalih'ul,.b t iitver have wo seen a mere cruel 18S4. wrong not to contradict the statement made CiDoeinlDg Sfter EJ zj HnoWj whoce life and labors among this people have ever be f.n so S:fer "faithfully auvT efficiently performed, El:za ia above slander. IXjjannottoueLuherJn t i l i t uutaV7 iur me tuao iitr iiiagLiauJiniiy oj cuumuior, 1" fhn rf fhfl rfno.fn? invnlvprt. nn i nra whtah Latter-da- y Saints hold tacred and divine wo Uel called upon to retdy to the in'ambus asEer- tion which Miss F, has quoted in hrr book. She f tat c that she was told cf this matter and then comments, it uoes ?eem as tliougli a woman or Mies FalthfulPs age and experience, after hav-lo- g seen Sister Eliza Snow h eri elf, and having tome conversation with her upon that very pTincl pie, would have riafl better Judgment than to repeat euchr a wicked story without having further authority than "I wa3 told." We will give her own version as. the has published it. "I was told of a wife who tad rough t Eliza Bnow's.cunsel in the supreme hour cf her when her dearly loved husband was abmt to take unto himself a second, wife, a prettier and more attractive girl than herself. ' 'I cannot live,' she cried in des pair, 'and tee .' .' her with him.' " '.rray ior resignation, eaiuine poetess. elixis evoteialiier -- time, . $2.50: pa: month, $3. 00. A liberal" discount to regular advertisers. ExPOTrfflcTnTTrick building north ofZr CM. Ij, liftst.TempIe Street. Business hours fronf 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. evsry day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to " " Publisher Woman's Expohbnt, 8alt Lake City Utah, " UOUiKl was still the despairing response. "The woman must indeed have been last in the priestess before Eliza Snow's lips could have framed the cruel answer, 'Die, then! There are hundreds of women un in that burvlnc cround who have gone there because they could not be resigned to the will and order of God.' " This is the statement, and the onlv Atifhnrkv she gives for i t. Now, we know Eliza Snow; 1 uhybsuuwu uvt iur luny years, a great part or that time meat intimately, in her works and labor?; have traveled with her through the different stakes of Zion; have seen her in all the various circumstance?-ansituations incident to such journoyingsj when we meet the people in their homes and by the fireside, as well as in publlo gatherings, and never have we heard from her lips anything like unkindness to those who came for sympathy or counsel, but cn the. contrary when Bisters, passing through any se vere trial w sfllicU poured cut sympathy and consolation in such a spirit of humility and love that it has imparted comfort and blessing, especially as she is a woman gifted with powerjn that direction, and has a gieat infloence over those jwith whom she mingles. It would not ba possible for EIiz Snow, we speak adviuedly, to make such a remark; not only Is it contrary to her own womanly nature and character, but it la contrary to the the one we have alluded to .here; however It Is the fte of all thofe who follow jn the foctsteps of our Savior, to b3 ovil spoken of by the world. As forBirter EVza Snow herself i he lives so far above any slander cr misrepresentation that it cannot reach her nt all, and she can alford it, but those who circulate such evil reports can very ill afford It. Thfy will have it to meet in the great hereafter, when alL must give an e.c. . count of the deeds done in the bdy. It may perhaps "La" thought we are taking up too much space in contradicting Mies Fs asser- hlch is rea- lJianshu theredsne-otherpomtrtha5 Is, her teeklng to pdy an important one, and enlist Queen Victoria and the English Government in some wy to hinder emigration from that country. Sbefayf: "A very largw proper, tion of the vktim8,:, wrote the Chicago Inter Ocean, :are importations from Great Britain. Missionaries, Eupplled with ampule letters of credit, act as panders for polygamy in large towns and hamlet?, inducing poor people to acospt fa mliyf ticket aUtab, generally of what awaits the rroni ifceia tto Mr. of household. the girla Evarls, when Secretary of State, tried to check thia ovll through consul?, but ho could accomplish nothing. Queen Victoria should protect her subjects from such an ImpceiUon. Oar government would in any feasible plan having gladly that object in view., After quoting this pas-- s age from the Inter Ocean, she addr, "How far Her .Majesty cm protect her Eutjecta Jn this di- - lection I cannot undertake to say; believing that some service can be done' by presenting to the public true pictures of Mormon life, I have endeavored Inthe8e pages to give my readers the benefit of all the Information I obtained while residing among this ''peculiar pe jple," which I consider has an important bearing cn the extra- ordinary ph ase presented to the world byihe social life and practices of tho Latter-da- y Saints." She then elaborate the matter mere fully and eay8thatseveral-letter- s addreesedrtq Herare lying by her side, and quotes upon the subject " t vf wKb-hoIdln- g imo-rricdg- ci-opera- 'e the following from one: , of Mormonlsm are still inducing numbers of oar young people, in the east of London, togp put of our country; they are de- -; luded by the missionary's perversion of the Scriptures, to suit his own Inclinations, and allured with the belief that in Salt Lake City they will find Zion or Paradise at once." ; Then she tell j a dreadful tale of mteery and horror to substantiate what she has said, and adds, "It is one of the many sad hlstorlea I know, to be true." She does not us how ishe knows bo much, and speiks of her residence here as if she had remained in Utah some considerable time, whereas, the truth Is, she was only here a very few days. Now, we know how utterly false all her statements are; we know well that our Elders go to preach the Gospel, to carry the glad tidings of salvation , such as the Latter-daSaints to those who Bit in darkness; go without "Agents tli pnrre cr scrip, trusting in God ti provide their dally food; theyo have no letters of credit, nor even money in thplr purae, except, sometime?, fnfficient tb take them to their place of destina-tion- j ar;d they cany no liatlerlng tidings to induce ny to emigrate, but preach cthe word cf God, whic'J, when received by the honest heart, avrakensin the reel pfent of the! Holy Spirit, a dsslre to gather to Zion, a desire which often bsciines so great .that it is hard for those who preside over the branches of the Courch abroad to until it Is w'isdom for Ihdocn verts to remain. them to coals. Those who have been upon these missions know that this Islrue; we have often -- heard the Elders allade to thesa thlrigr There may occasionally be an instance where people are diatisfled afcer ihey com t Utah, but feucb Instances are the exception and not the rule; they prosper here, and their circumstances are usually much moro independent than they wereJn the old country. - As for young women; thoy have their own agency to do j ust as they wish about marriage; as a general thing they desire to ba united to a good man, a man of honor, a Latter day Saint, and why should they not? And as for the women helping to support the family, it U our candid opinion there is less of it Vomen done in Utah than iu other places. where among "the working cUsis expect every . . T . - I H. s iV, ,11. f . uIt liucic io MBipwifcu-uoiiyiuito ao Bomeiaing "dTa large family, and If the histories of women's lives are ta ba taken to prove the condition of women in Great B itain, we have heard from the lip3 of English women .themselves, tales and slckeuincr. more horri . I- -: ...tAKinn Hion ffinwM X.f!oa TTalfhfllll. and other similar writers . against : Mormonlsm nin tAll nf thn "hntrors of n3lvj?amv.,J Beside?. why not take the testimony of women living in that order, Instead of thoe who are so anxious to crush out the life saving and vital principle? Have not ths Littarday Saints a right to work as well as other laboring people, and is not all honest work honorable, whether done by men or women? And when wo men. are happy can L hpftrt-rcndini- 1 1 ? they not do raxe work,and do it better, than these who restless and dissatisfied with life, and f ctvtr trying to make others as wretched as they are themselves. ' 11 If Miss Falthfull and a few others who have come here to find out the mysteries of plural marriage and publish It to the world would take; a little more time to investigate the horrors of their own cities and towns, they would find polygamy sink iato, insignificance when compared with the terrible crimes that are becoming prevalent in their own localities.- We Judge by the statistics published and "he who rims may read. ' Mormon women who remain faithful and true to the covenants they have made In holy places, have nothing to fear either from Judges, juries, or publishers, for they know for themeejves and not for another, that God is with this people, and though men revile, and slande and persecute, and say all manner of evil, and woman, too, yet they have an assarance that is eternal, that reaches beyond tha grave, and no man or woman can take away the peace and Saint. consolation this gives to the Latter-da- y or mallei to Miss Falthfull, Wo bear no but what she has written will stand as a wit' ness against her. ; - 1 -- r ' ill-wi- ll - . , r-t- rT- HOME AFFAIRS, . y ea-jo- y, The Conferencs of the Relief Society of this Btake will be held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms on Friday, December 2Gth, commencing at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. Verbal reports from each branch will be expected, and it there; will be a good attendance;The Primary Associations will iiold their Conof-Zi- oa- d 