WO MA N'S' Association, saw great improvement in their order and pieces since her last visit. Was elad to hear the children speak up so loud that ev- cry one could hear. VV anted the children a;. way 8 to lift up their hearts to GoS that lie Vuld.b!es3 them' in all they endeavoeLtodo ' --When the lorning, when" they go to fccbool, when they arc at play, say in their hearts, "Father, bless me.' Iioped the children; .nnlrl wMiltivntfl (rter find rinnrtnnlif v wViti """ ,1 'r , "77" 3 l .'. tney are in luutiun: pay uuamun iu uie pcjiK- er and don't turn their heads around to lookut everybody coming in. Hoped the children would not be revengeful, but do'gotfd for evil. Was pleased to hear the boyssing as well as the girl?. Prayed that God would bless them all. Bishop Brimley said ho was pleased with the ; order and also with the programme, though it was a little ienerthy. Suggested: that it would be very nice for the same programme to be presented some Sunday evening that the adults of th e. whole ward might become acquainted with the P. A. Said he received the Gospel from Brother Heber C. Kimball, and when he thought of the joy with which he used to hear the Elders speak he had many sweet reflections. Felt to bless the children, and all who took an interest in the youth of Zion. President Clarke said that the meeting had been rather lengthy, but she felt to thank the of the children and hoped that all who thoughtihat the child A AtA nnf lrnrr flnvtViirm wr.nl1 ran in fit come to one meeting then she thought they : would chance their miada. - , . . ud eiters-for"Coming.Wasro- Vvr-- T tary. Meeting adjourned for six months, to October 29th, 1884. Singing, "Hope of Israel." Dismissed by Brother Clark. r E. B. Furgubon. The Primary Association of Plain City gave an entertainment in the school house of that place on the evening of April 18th, 1884. After the usual opening exercises were over the remainder of the evening was spent in singing-songrendering recitations and dialogues. Some of the most interesting exercises were two recitations, entitled, "Don't run in debt," and "Love, drink, and debt." Also two dialogues, one entitled, "Brandy Drops," and the other representing a discourse between a Mor- mon Elder and a minister; The eveningV tertainment was brought to a close by the performance of a short d rama, entitled wBoots at the Swan." Altogether it was a pleasing affair, and credit is due to those who arranged it. Tt was gotten up for the purpose of helping a theTold countnr.to little child to emigrate from ' ... ,; ; : The admission being small we were not. able Utah to clear more than $10.50. We have very in- - teresting meetings, and have an average atten". dance of about forty. .... ' Susannah Robinson, President. Josephine Ipson, Secretary. i U - can S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY ' REPORTS.. s, sl-te-rs I. A. Minutes of a special meeting of the Y. L. M. I. A, of the Second Ward, opened by singing, "Hail to the brightness of Zion's-glarrayer by lsisnop it. luc.tyuarrie,-singin- g morning. "Oh ye mountains high." Minutes of March 3rd read and approved. ' . President Emily S. Richards arose and stated the object, said" they could not proceed with the business of the meeting until she had offered her .resignation as President of the association, which was her purpose on account of being called to reside in Salt Lake City; did d- . , your sphere; the man regenerate and consecrated is the lordliest, thing on earth, because he makes himself o.EdivardBraisUn andaaihlsOTe wouW b Before we can. really lift up other hand must have been lifted up by His' good our own . . r. i ' f .11. I)en"eonfirrae(l by much bqwingat His foot1: Etoo!'. It JIavcrgal. "II. II." has just completed the first long story of which she has acknowledged the authorship. The story takes it name from tho scene is laid in heroine, "Ramona." ! The V.r. n C tr flovo rC A mor. il. P.Kf...n!. cptflompnt. nnrl is said ta abound in ra?- sages of rare and beautiful description, a? well, as in elements of great .pathetic and tragic in-- " ' :" terest. ; . sisters into more responsible positions, trusted it would be for the best get d of all. Prayed for theelfarTTblnheisecciation, and that eaeh be-aoracer.-would -lerl"pperfof mher. part w e 1 l l' bl Bishop .Mc.Quarrie regretted very much to have Sister Emily leave us, but we could net , control these things." No one wduld missBro. andJBister Richards more than he would, they were strong props in the second ward. When meais were wanted for any purpose he only, had to name it and they responded willingly to tho call. We have a vacancy occasioned by the resignation of Sister .Richards, and he did not feel capable to select another President of his own judgment, but always made such things a matter of prayer. There are many in ; the association who could fill the office in a creditable manner to themselves and to the satisfaction of the members, but only one could ' hold it at. a time. ; The following officers were then nominated and unanimously sustained: Sister Mary A; Riley, President; Letitia Williams and Mary " Mc.Q,uarrie, ."Counselors; Emily J." "KcWman, Secretary; Annie L. Newman and Elizabeth Riley, Assistant Secretaries; Christiana Be- l- ' and Sister Laura Gibbs, Assisnap, Treasurer; " ' tant. ;V president Sarah Herrick followed with some excellent remarks. We live in a time when it . requires all our energies to keep the commandments of God; Urged the young sisters to "in? form their minds, as they knew not. how soon they might be called upon to fill responsible positions. The Lord knows we are weak and " frail," and is very merciful to us, and will aid us if we desire to do right and gain wisdom by Referred to her lastudying the Scriptures. bors with Sister Richards, and Jsaid the more she was in her company and the more intimately she became acquainted with Sister Emily so also did her love a n d respect increase for her, ""and she regretted very much to be obliged to part with her. Prayed that the blessings of the Lord would attend her wherever she might be called to reside. , Sister Josephine West felt interested in the work of improvement, and especially so in the young ladies of the second ward; knew they Joyed their president dearly, and assured them that in return they had - her warmest affections; and hoped if they had been benefitted by her counsel that they would remember it and treasure it up. Urged the new officers to - magnify their callings, and played for their future success it they felt unequal to the task to remember the Lord takes the weak things of the earth to accomplish great purposes. After Sister Richards had mentioned several items of business connected with her past labors, the meeting was adjourned to meet Monday, April 14th- - Closing hymn, "Lord, dismiss us with thy blessing." Benediction by Bishop Mc.Quanie. ' . Elily P. Newman, Secretary. MISCELLANEOUS. Deliberate with caution, but act with or oppose ion, and yield with gracefulness, ' with firmness. Whoever strikes hard must prepare for the rebounder. If we criticise, we must not wince when we are criticised. . Do you want to know the man against whom you have the most reason to guard yourself? "will giveyou a very fair Your looking-glas- s ' likeness of hiB face. Whaiely -- . 1 , ' " Rev; Phebe A. Hanaford, afterten years oi in Jerearnest labor and no little sey city, has resigned her position as pastor of the Second Universalist Church, and will probably remove to the beautiful City of Elms, which she left ten years ago. She will preach in New Havent Conn., on May 11, in the new self-sacrifi- -- . OGDEN Y. L. M. The way to fill a large sphere is to glorify a fmall tixev- - There is no large sphere; you are of feel like saying much, could' truly fay she loved all the young of Vthe association ; and very highly 'respected all with whom she JNwUVeeal. associated, in Ogden, thought vav' change sometimes 'idcod in ICU organizations . PRIMARY EXTERTAINMFtfT. 191 EXPO NENT. - . ""T Lmircn. --- ABOUT EATING. ; --- . The following suggestions from , a diet list, such aa each patient under treatment in the Sanatorium receives from his physician, may be of service to thuse who are try ing to pursue the right way at home. :.- --.v Take no food whatever fruit included except at meal times. Eat slowly, and masticate all food thoroughly. Ten minutes more at meals may save a fit o of indigestion. Drink sparingly: never a verj cold Or very hot liquid. A swaJI(iW or twn of water, i us t before lea vincr the table. permissible; but neither ot nor cold water should be drunk freely wahin a half hour before or an half hour after meals. Good digestion depends largely upon mental conditions and influence?. It is promoted by light conversation and gentle exercise, but retarded by severe bodily or mental labor; study therefore to keep free from all mental or emotional excitement, before, during, and after meals, and avoid all fatiguing exercise immediately before or within an hour after eating. Choose only pleasant topics for conversation:: while at table. The discussion there of disease? is especially harmful and aunoying, to say nothing of being inconsistent with good breed- jng. Equally-il- l timed - and 4njuriou3 are and discussions at table concerning the relative value of different articles of food;-Bear in mind that it is possible to study your diet too closely, and to do great harm thereby. Avoid any tendency to count each mouthful of food, constantly to study the unpleasant effects produced by, the different articles eaten, or to let your mind continually dwell on what you ought to eat and what you ought not to eat. Men, as; a rule, eat too much; women too little. -- " . all-argu- you-hav- e The Laws vf. Life. DEATH OF SISTER EAHL. Lois Caroline Owen vras inmi JanSlh, 13IS, Towd of Milton, BeflnlngtioQ Co., Vermont. SloTcd Tfith ber parents to Illinois 1826. Keceircd tho Got pel the first time tbo heard it prcacbed; was baptized by SjlresUr TI. Earlo 1S"S, whom she married Jau 2Stb, l&W. Tfcey thered with the ljody of tho Church, and shared In th mobbings and drivings of the SaintF, were with tbem hard-ebip- a when expelled from Nauroo; and ehared In th pf the journey to Winter Quarters, where cba ments , 