J slkvt ir 5 ; into the tism :;o i Tulaiiruse .to our people. remember set nre. to. a. large hayrack belonging to.iaihcr; it. wai but arshert 1 t he 'mob mstsnc-fnica-.our- ju,1Af pt, auuo hi si me cai Xheywcre. often holding meeting and forniiug---rt solutions to drive" or destroy -- the Mormons, nnd as they "said in one of their preambles, Pisceably- if we can, forcibly if we must." There was. considerable excitement at times, not- knowing what the mob Ik? iSai-umight be. ii;..ui-ciw.ii- ' : c . - led to do. , in he.brc thren the vicinity where we lived I would gather with their gun?, at nighta'nto the ' Sometimes the woready for any emergency. men would como and spend the night with" mother, being afraid to remain at home, because of the threats of the mob. The. women and children occupied the room upstairs, while the men stood guard below. Twice guns once the ball went .up. through " went-ofi'accidentall- t lie irjnd as the family had not retired, nobodv was hurt. I remember hearing the, brethren pray all together; not as one man, but' a3 many. They (lid not then understand -- as we do now, : ; -- threeweeks Lold she sentjnewith-wy-sistc- r Harriet, to the spring, a short distance from" the house, when we looked back and saw about fifty of the mob surrounding the house. We stood and looked at them until they rode away, then we went up to the house again. The mob had talien father with them. OeorgeSimpson and another joLthe mob entered the house and took father by the arm and led him away, he inaking no resistance. I think he was expecting something of the kind, as they had made a good many threats. .They took him to Independence Square, but we did not know what they were going to do with him; it might be kill him, as theyhad so often threatened to do. After Vhey had been-gona while, I stood at the windbw looking In ihe direction they had gone, wondering what the mob were doing with father for we could hear thei? yells and shouts, when I saw two men coming toward the house. One I knew a young man by' the name of Albert Jackson he was carrying in his hand a hat, coat and vest. - The other I thought was an Indian, and as they seemed to be coming right to the house I was "frightened and ran upstairs; but when theycame in it was our dear father,who had been tarred and feathered, which gave him the appearance of an Indian. The mob had done their work well, for he was covered from head to. foot. I suppose there were hundreds, and perhaps thousands", who witnessed the outrage. One woman who witnessed the scene said there was a bright light encircled father's head while, he was being tarred and feathered. The same day, I think, Gilbert's store was broken open, and the goods scattered, in the streets." The print ng office was also demolished, and the press, type and papers seatierfvl mw tu. f kUW ?n ground. Bro. Phelns' familv ,f of the building; they were turned out of doors J 41BiLUliiIIiirDiturebrGke and things scattered in tne yard. AVhileJhe destruction of the printing office was gomg on two young girls, nieces of Elder Gilbert, had run out of the house and hid in the corner of the fence, and were watching the iflob in their, operations,, when thej saw them out a table bring piled with papers, and heard them say "Here are the' revelations of the U d Mormons." watched their They op -- " e A V X liv-P- rl . A. . The writer ef this. U not' living nth a husband; is not man ie'd' to her mn or grandson; not coerccd int Ts a yl ng r di)in g what nho does not wish to. But why .measnro. words with those who love and makea lief Is not God ou r frienil, jfml v ill .lie out SltRC ' ' . . ., , "If thou endure thine adversity and thins afiliction. well, God shall exalt thee on hijh and thou shalt triumph over all thy foes." How haveT glorious io lnive--( ol- - f' we not proven every day ,of our lives that He is our friend? That He hears our prayers and - blesses us, gives us comfort aiuLjoy and peace that the"world knoweth not ,6f? Where, then, will be those who love and make a. lie, when Christ shall come with ten thousand of His Saints, when He shall come to make up His . " r--on , . God oi'rJVtIlCi"Jias'lsiXxud-in-'-one.- 0 FII isreve a t i ons: ' Cu rse d a r e a 1 t h os e w h 0 TiTt up. their heel against mine anointed, saith the Lord, and cry they, have sinned when they Lave net sinned, saith the Lord, but have done that which was meet in mine eyes, and which I jewels? 1 1 . sequence was t h t tlf hpMge ?d Phidp' "liiclrcon timed the. printing establishment, was thrown down, the materials taken jKjsses-sio- n destr iy ed ,an d the family and furniture thrown out of doors. They then proceeded to .violence towards Edward Partridge, the Bishop of the Church, as he relates in his autobiography: 'I was taken from my house by a mob George Simpson being their leader who escorted me about half a mile to tho court house on the public square in Independence, and then and there, a few rods from said court house, surrounded by hundreds of the mob, I was stripped of my hat, coat and vest, and daubed with tar from head to foot "and then a quantity of feathers put up on me; and all this because I woukvnot agree to leave the country, my home, where had lived two vears. Before tarring and feathering me I was permitted to speak- - 1 told them that the Saints had had to suffer ersecution in all age3 of the world, that 1 had done nothing which ought to .offend any one; that if they a'iuted me tiiey would abuse an innocent person; that I was willing -- to suffer for the sake of Christ, but to leave the country I was not then ' willing to consent to. '.. s . have commanded them.'' M v sisters, let us "rejoice that we i h -- 1 Itos w Jca tied J.o ha ji u m be red-- wit ht I r n a mess cast:t)tttarrTil011-)grTtcuusnesssake. Know that if we aie faithful be exalted on high and be crowned in cneeoi uod our Heavenly rather. . ; are h e-- Y- - . nt duotmtf5.TP, hiding'place in Wis 'ovviifense? .". The Lord said in answer to the Prophet Josephi who-wapleading to know how Long hand be should Ilis stayed, or His pnrtfeye lc- hold from heaven the wrongs of His people: .;-- fr . the 'order of prayer ' Children had heard so much about the mob that the very word was a perfect terror to them, -They won 1 d ofteircry"ou t in their.'slcep, 'The-- in oh-i- s co ra mgH heniobiso m i n gT' AVhen mother's youngest child was about hou-e- , portunity, when tho mob returned to the then thcV ran and cflitherevtuijv-a- manr of the as thev could hold iii their arn and- r paixr ran into a c'orntield and hid. The w mob discovered them ntnmnwUlv.tKej lowed-them- , but c.)uld not tind them. The cornfield? in liouri $re very large, aiT'l the - cornstal ks grow 50 "high that" t hey are al in os t likeyoung dbreits, and it-- h an cay niatter a person to get lost in one of them. These two rirls had run so far that they were lost; but after ayhllelthev; succeeded injinding their .way out. Thev ; went - to an old chanty, where they tound the Jaiuuy ot iro. I'iicJps trying to makethems elves as comfortable as th,y could m their new; nuarters. bister -- IdoKheTevatieTOTTiiio her bed, and this is how some of the revelations we're preserved. The names of these girls were Mary E. and Caroline Rollins. I remember many of thecircumstances. that transpired at that time, but was too young then to be able to remember the particulars well enough to tell them; consequently I will take1 'some extracts -- fr 0 -- t herPr Op h e t osephJsI i i s roTyTaFtliaT" gives the situation of things at that "time bet ter than I can do it. , He says: "On the 20th of July the mo) collected and ..demandedthe discontinuance of the printing in Jackson Co., a closing of the store, and a cessation oT all mechanical lalHn. -The brethrejeum o-h- per- - ave-t we shall lie pyes Aunt Hannah. MISCELLANEOUS. -- God's mercy, is a holy mercy, which knows how to pardon sin, not to protect it; it is a sanctuary for the penitent, not fbl- the presump-- t - u ous. dayi How small a thing .is one fact only one? Ten years pass by. Three thQUsaneLsihun-"dre- d and fifty facts are. not a small thing." "The conditions of success arc these: Firsts work; second, concentration: third, fitness. La bor is the genius'which changes the ugliness of the world into beauty; that turns the greatest curse into a blessing." - I used to wonder why people should be so fond of the company of their physician, till recollected that he is the only person with-whom one dares talk continually of one's self, without interruption, contradiction, or censure. - Hannah Mmc. - X" .2 . noi.--e g To' be Continued. J, MORMON WOMEX. I could wish my pen were inspired tbatX could write half that is in my heart upon thi5 -- - , subject. ladies of the world talk of the degra-da- t Many ion of Iormon women; but we Mormon women know bettrV-know-" Ltheir-rurity7- of ,h a vi ngrli JruW,jvJrlueancLthastUy them; oyer forty years summered and ved-wit- rr win- tered with them flll fhpsfi vpnrs nnrl Vrrnw tho love, affection and peace in their households. j.ne writer 01 tins lias also iivea m the world, and knowrs that there u more real happiness in any real Mormon family (because we know what constitutes real happiness; we know they have the love of God shed abroad in their hearts), than those of our civilized neighbors of the outside world. - . "Every day. a little knowledge: one fact in a J '"By,thi3 time the multitude made so much that I could not be heard. Some were cur.-inand swearing, saying, call upon your Jesus, etc, others were, equally noisy in tryingto still the rest that they, might be enabled to what 1 wa3 saying. B ihh o lie jn oh h. . of i m press ion 3 received in Childhood is a factor that should be held most important in every scheme of early education. Some of the sweetest associations with nature date back from that period, and we may often trace their quaint ring in the matured poetry of men or wornefi." "The t enaci ty As "unfinished business" in legislation is one of the elements of confusion,-sis it in the individual conduct. It becomes a "standing head" in every. day's report. It is acumuia- jivvrlrndrvhifetdulls the dailyjlife, o con-J6j- S gh ty- -a nd m oek-eit closes many a life with the unsatisTr factory epitaph "unfinished' t JhfiiIaily-tho- u ur good-purpo- "In most German States foresters are trained for the due col servation and regulation of the public and private wooded areas, ami colleges for this purpose are established in Scandinavia, Russia, France,and in the United States, which is now so earnestly looking to the cultivation of arboricultural science as one of the future, sources of national wealth. . se, 