riTiiTOTrvruro crrTTec tlveTPa couple of li Wdt M'rEQun wcrlifl tbat I ever rt a J. I wai cot a little e urpiise d w h i !creading ;MrS7 Crche-ron'f- l . - - .. Chri.tm&s here a not the cccunn or an? Uin- fjcitiora or muaical merricceatTlverything la de-pis- ?. ''Representative Women- of Duskier' to flad that to many of yeur Mormon women were from New England, whtro wisdom is supposed to have origlnatc l. From the stories, that we commonly hear of the Ignorance of the, Mormon women I had almost made up my mind that they must have C3tne from some place where they keep the run of the day of the week by cutting a notch on a stick every morning. Bat I find that some of them have even, come from BatOD, the "hub of the universe.' Bi you can plainly see that it has not baen the reading of Mormon books that has shaken my failh in the present marriage fystem. The writer, then makes further explanations on. the subject, very logical, and speaks of the wretchedness resulting from monogamous marriages in the world, liefera those who find 'fault with the system of a plurality of wives to the Bible; and after telling some very plain and unvarnished truths fcbmt the matter, he goes ttr- ' after which fclbwed a cornmunLn TUTee , the m tUe pal prJ!4nkaa"4-fcitTir- e by mtt n of thote. sacred, and holy principles that the world ho condemn and - . ...-- 1 A moat intereetinc evpnt in this strange c!tv tVlA of nlnnn inii.tr Tiinarfmt OTlH PEACE. " t 1W5,. ,J .;n.V4- - Dim. e. ''L-iCkarli- woman with suspenders hanging all over her, nrtd a hneirt nt thom lri her hftndp: next a man fYt7trr1 with npedlH and nins and a trav Of them in front of him; a cart foIIosflTed jwjth 'no-peic- . j 8aoes alter wnicn cornea a laDie or woouen ind so the sight goes on, extending for many Kwta Tiipafi stand are maatlv ttlacei on either eide of the street, and straight through the cen m'w nf- (Jiiriatmas tre9. fro KfMMMV ft ViV Btanda a t mob times, of course, many children are to be seen. O i Monday the people on the street were amused and perL'ap eaddened a little by liHifl h ivs. tha older scarcely nvnlWfvr more ihau five yaara, snaoouy urebae-j, of their voices. .The" along eiaging at tha top giving the Alchildren sang remarkably-wd?- , and sweetly; too. pine ,Yode, cleirly Christinas morning at rive o'clock the balls in the large Muenater began to ring, and rang at the every qiarte'r of tho succeeding hour, was a .conclusion of which sar vice began. It ""clear, cold morning,nn J a perfect quiet prevailed the rich everywhere, the only sounds bsicg 23 of the ' tones of the bells and the steps add vole to the church for wor- ; people as they gathered i . I K00G8, til 1 1 - . . . 1 . ws " - fchlp. - leign triumphant. Whitechapel, Lmdon. . , This Muenater is one of this largest c lurches ;namiTarftnd..flnd was erected in the 15th cencentre of the olJ city, tury. It stands near the an the tower commands a most lovely view, to the reiching far over the city , snow-cover- el C a. n T e 11 n u k v , Ne it Zealand. never likely to be. Its balls are very musical, sweat and deep in tons. Tire being indescribably and saveral em Ul ones, balfry contains five large Editor Exponent: . ready to shut the Mormons out of the kingdom of heaven. women, a It is true that of the twenty-onEketch of whose lives are published In the book he mentions, seventeen of them were either born in New England or of New England par. entage.It ha? often been remarked as singula1 that the descendants of the vory people who fled from the mother country because of religious Intolerance, should b a the very men andjwomen to help lay the foundation of what la termed a new religion in the new world. It haa been said by one of the noted American writers that "Moimonism Is the only new religion America can boast." It is indeed the opening up of a new dispensation with a religion as old as eter-'nltthat with its covenants, ordinances and bless Id ga reaches back to the beginning of time, and grasping the present,ex tends forward to the ages that are to come, encircling the living and he dead, and finally blending in one united an . e y, Ann Gell. ANOTHER TESTIMONY OF THE GIFT OF HEALING, AlpsJt the letter, but it show ?, tile to all goo J. His race.Js neady.done;-hi- s doom Is sealed; his chains are ready. The ever- lastirg Gospel ia restored. The great Millennial res!; it dawning on us. Peace from the four corners of the earth will D9 proclaimed. Ajurlat wita ten thousana Saints will come in gbry with the Naw Jerusa lem and plant Hie foot )n Zion, when the Saints of latter day 3 will elioui, "iloaannah ! Peace ! Peace ! All U Peace i " Chridt did cjme., and soon will come egain. Pa jsp, and with reverence mark Uib contrast. He came their Hsaeemsr, iiuranie, iaiai3icunte and Peaceful. The proud nobles of the earth spurned aud rejecieJ Him. He did His mifsion and with the approbation of Hh Father returned .. into His prcs?ncf. The honcrable of the earth,Hi8 faithful saint?, aro waiting, watching, and with an intensity of love and adoration burning within them, are second coming, longing to behold Him at Hia when He will come with an immensity of glory r a Kicg of kings and Lord ,of lords. Then will Time ba swallowed up in Eternity. Peace will and woolen sees a line hung with stocking .. t it " e nnsflTthrnnffh o tha ptrpftta. f' Here we pass a stand of Berner carving work, " 3 sort then another of ornamental of ginger cake with figures on 11; row an old doliaandtoyBiOif'alifnUsT of 'GoiT passetli uadera tinding,-- reigns pre eminent, Bteraal in the heivene. Whan man came 'from his M iker all was paace. Ojr Heavenly Father planted it in every bsoai and if sought it will 'abide In every child of God. The Great redeemer 'was;' all peace--th- e of Peace-.TheHoly Biba cradltd in Baihlehem'd manger waa peaco quiesct at. .The mandates of the Lord were given. in Iova :bedhnce from IIU children was rcq iired. The ambitious eon of the morning weJ war in heavenpride was h!s fall rtbsili dispba-dirncju, The flat went forth when he, with all Tiia hosts,' were 'hurled frcm the presence of Jer hovahi Peace y,ai destroyed; tumult, war and terror were his oQrfprirjg. Where he reigns there no rest, no quiet; all hos is no respite, of doors I, thatlhere are a few people who are not quite t a 1 "Oh! that with yonder sacred throng "We at his feet may fall; Come join the everlasting song, And crown him Lord of all." part tarr-- and at a tima 1 ke the winter holi days the streets aae all decked and ornamented with articles of every inscription'. The princi pal thnrnnorhfar!i hpoimn ft ircn vnHf tv ftfltiib- liahmeut, where one walks from one department . out that great banqueting hall and cry at is only a ft " the top of my voice: Tais marrit 'Saturday, and was tarticularlv interesting lust before Christmas Oj Monday, Tuesday being the fiuliday this wetk large "crowus of people collected from alL. parts and the streets were lit ."" erally thronged. - - ' "Let every kindred, every tribe, On this terrestrial ball, To birri all majesty ascribe, And crown him Lord of all. y " on to aj I often hear Christiana tell of the joy and b!ijs they expect to feel when they get to Abraham's bosom.' I don' t. suppo3e that they have ever stepped to think that. Sarah, Keturah and Hagar will ba there; also Jacob, Leah, Rachel and the two handmaids. I hareanr idethey WliriiavrtbagVthWolnda before theyto get beto Abraham' bosom, or they are liable come dissatisfied with the country after they left get there, and there will be only one thing for them to do. That i3,to take Horace Greeley'd advice and "go west.' "When the aflairs of thh world are all wound shall up: when all nations, kindreds and tougues assemble for Jhe great coronation of the King of not seem tome kings and Lord of lord?, it. does to b3 just right to have Abraham,. Jacob, and all the polygamic of oil there, and at the same for the crime time have the .Miramu shut oat ' of polygamy. l am gDing to be there myielf, God being my helper, and if I Had that state of to the things there you may look for me to ccma door of the homes with - (ih'riatinaaTe'es;: eood dinners" r . A, )V. C. . aud, I hope, happy hear ts. JJLiJki.iJ in the largest of thete bsiog the sixthTho 8:z).ln bell at the world, weighing 26,700 pounds. aew the'very top of the tower, rung only silver ia the largest Year's, is solid silver, and which it was ball in Europe. The metal from made was brought here, bo aya the sacri3tan,by yeara ago. the flrat eettler?, eighteen hundred to take charge of A family lives in th's belfry It and see to the no other life. liiHtylgbt yeirlT andIn know answer to our Theylaoghingly reply their elevated home, that they, only True enough, have to ascend one flight of stairs. seem long 224 steps would only a flight of a few times. enough to ba subdivided all these At a quarter to nine Christmaa day the air at the same time, making bells mu.ic. Twenty-on- e fairly quiver with their the ropes A nine men were engaged pulling at one and again at eervloe was gain held, then bellThyvenlh com-ment- on . j - valuable paper Through the medium of your to I wish to make It known and to testify the of healln. power of God and the gift a For many yeara I have bsen a suil'erer from diseased lag, and at different time have sought" relief from . various sourc33, bat beneficial resulta. A few months ago my kg feared became so much worse that my ".friends, advised by people again for my life,andlwaa .. : . .1 nn.f ro lor n u. iinvin to seek for meuicai auvn;a u.u "loafc faith in the wisdom of man, I determined of God; accordto rely wholly upon the power were called in, ingly the Elders of the Church to me; anointed me with oil and administered for from that the result of which ia manifest, now am fully time my leg improved and I to the to health and am anxioua to testify towards me. world of the goodnesa of God the g f ts is a consolation for ua to know that 1 iv, res-tor- ed It the primitive and blessings that existed in the earth and we church are again extant upon 