WOMAN'S EXP ON EN T . 66 ea-vi'ne- tbe nrghbor went his way, you heard the last murhymn sung, and then the thousand-voiceof mur prayer washeard, like babbling water the: hills down : falling 1 here, was no austerity, however, about the d . when the blood of martyrs: will be required o The Indians appeared to e verv friendlvhd offered thenTcorn, or any else they wanted and told them they were thing welcome to put up, buildings and remain as long as they chose." of the stars laughter and loud talking hushed, , s, etc., etc. this nation. - d They had the sort of iaith that is still found embalmed In sheltered spots of Catholic Italy and Spain. 1 - m ixed up iearl essly WitK rliA nnrrsmnn trnncfltinna 'at tVioIr nvarxr and only togrve- - liveliness and col- day hie, ' ' , or. Jlf any passages of life bear better than others a double interpretation, they are adventures of travel and of the field. What old persons call discomforts and discouraging, mishaps, are the 1. 1 rt - very elements io me young ana sanguine or what, they are willing to term fun. The Mormons took the young and hopeful side. They Could make sport and frolic of their trials! - and often-turright sharp suffering into right round laughter agaiust themselves.". Horace mentions the choir of , AugustfzOtb. ' at singers meeting Bro. Wm. Clayton's tent to g practice, also of a council being held that the rest was considered the propriety ' of sending for goods and other things, by Bro. Whitney who was preparing to go to St Louis for this purpose. Onthe21sthe wrote"Brigham and Dr. Richards with. Brother Kimball and lamer snent tne most or the inr'ennnn M m v .tent in talking over the : affairs of the Church. etc." : : - Mrs. E. B. strong-stomache- " X . A . ' day;-amon- T wpI? rpmprnfipr if 'KoinV u WiA" V - mtr J Zion can boast her sons Whose trust is In the Lord; " " tU 1 . , . Apostle F. D. Richards' in the Hall of Science, Sheffield, England, in 1851; he stated, "The blood of the martyrs, with Joseph and Hyrum, have watered the tree of life with their, blood, and all the machinations of earth and hell combined, cannot prevent its onward progress 1 nave; thought manjr times of this, for I heard him speak it; he is a good man, and if I - v Jjil1 soBijavenneJLw "hiiiLFranlclih T" .abauti,Q--infinfi4lftm-TChPTTrit- w w V W Sister Wells, : - lage (where the brethren are encamped) to smoke the "pipe of peace" with the Pawnees, who were out on a hunting excursion. As they did not return, after waiting for some time, the Pawnee chief told Bro. Miller that they would conduct him to a good place (one of the villages) to pass the winter, which they did, it being fifty miles north on the route to Fort ' Laramie. They went with them and found it a beautiful place indeed, abounding in rushes. - f- AMVItVU euuueujy lurntu anu KicKea one ot tne party over this circumstance distracting their attention afforded the men a chance to escape which they quickly did afoot, leaving their mules etc., behind in the hands of the Indians 1 he brethren returned, to their camp, and in two days after their mules came in with thpir saddles and bridles on the reason was supposed to be that they broke away from the Indians and they could not retakehem. Brother-Griffi- n also told us that eight chiefs of the Punkaw tribe came to the Pawnee vil- , . ; I " ami very lonely, here; I am You don't know how I feel hereby myself. "few when I get a lines of comfort from a brother or sister. I go from home very seldom down to the city; the city is full of amusements : for those who have an appetite for husks and cobs; they are ripening fast for what awaits them. I stay at home and read the Desert News and Exponent, and meditate thereon ' and view matters over and over again; by so been have I blest; my mind opened to didping vine light and understanding that I would not give it away for all Pittsburgh i worth. For some time back my time has been thus I hare received a peace of mind and spent. joy that I cannot express. I want to live my religion, and I am striving to do soacceDtably before my Heavenly Father. I feel that this work is taking odeeper root among the nations of the earth; the words spoken by the Priesthood are piercing far deeper than ever day by day May heaven Bpeed it on, may that day eoon dawi -. -- y-- J 1 -- Tl --- t3 J 1 1 1. - T : for me. May God bless His faithful Israel everywhere, and may it be my happy lot to gather home to Zion soon, as it was my intention' to on leaving England, but circumstances prevented. May God bless you and yours, and myself with you, is; the earnest prayer of your Her prophets and her martyred onca . Slain for the Savior's word. n mules, took from them their arms and were a my mind to come to Utah next spring I have thought many times I would see you soon, but - lurroundings look very cloudy at present. My nnnd wasxeoLon this and I shall not give upr T am trying to do my part, praying my Father to help me and open my,way. My mind was never more firmly set on anything than this; my x: ntuci aas uiuuul uic luiuugu uiauy trying scenes.in a wonderful manner, for which I nan Vioor thaf imnnu n.f in a flivino nnwor in mtr behalf, whicFhas been an astonishment to me, hut T know it. is trn- - Hft is mv Father Rt.il 1. T Hhall Ipnn nnnn Kim anrl trv't.n dn- ricrht-- f tppA 1 w.. faith and prayers. 'You haNvemine. your Please give my love to Sister HNM; Whitney, that worthy mother in Israel. GodJ)les3 her and her family. I hope to see you before 1. . ' on the 15ook of Mormon, Rev. Coovert told. him pretty plain about it, too. 1 do really think if he had never been-borit would have been better for him. "The way of ' the trans . gressor is hard."-; The sad case of our martyred Elders makes me think of an expression5 used in a prayer of which they were encamped, was in perfect calmness and security." ui vj i a j. ilia tjancu tuiufrom Bfo. Miller's cainp. brought intelligence He related to us an anecdote concerning two of the brethren who went out on mules armpd and equipped as a kind of a scouting party were surprised by a party of Indians of the Puhkaw tribe who dragged them, from their vr . 1 jj iuu r and growing. Who among all ' in the outside world have done more to fan the flames of mobocracy than the Smith Brothers of Laraoni, and their followers?. Joseph Smith wen t to " Washington desiring the governorship of Utah. When one of his apostles was discussing here . . . Henry brother, now to see the seeds they have sown sprouting terrible storm or hurricane arose, which sur-- . passed anything of the kind within the memo- ry of the inhabitants. But what supprised them all was that although ehowers of limbs of trees were constantly falling around them, the space within . . . Will not Talmage, Edmunds, Cook, Hoar, Smith, and .others of the opposite party, rejoice ... m tne woods on tne route to .Leavenworth, a I . 18fVi birthday. That day Horace wrote a letter of exhortation and advice left by my father to his family tobe read to them that evening as he, with. President B. "Young, Y. IVicnards and one or two others, went over the river to hold The same meetings next day it being Sunday. mentions Horace the day following event. . ( '"r : 22nd t " - T-- r . ' . Wells: opened many ideas in my mind, and gave additional light, thereon, which was food for seri- ous meditation. My feelings of late have been troubled great-- , ly meditating on the murder of Elders Oibbs and Berry. I cannot tell you my feelings; The first news I received was in the ExroNENT. I could scarcely find patience to wait till the News came for further information of the affair. I could not rest night nor day. I dor sympathize with the bereaved,I know what it is to part with those who m you could h ave laid down May our your life to have saved theirs. Heavenly Father comfort them and bless them;T feel for them that their matyred ones are safe; they fell like valiant soldiers while on d uty at their post; thank God they feirwith the"' harness on. ' ' "J i tui "a. nmrttrr American, flag. I am striving to do right; the. instructions given' me by the Priesthood -in the discourses Aij ar a - m v ci t i n f fitflr an I T a t r! -I- f -- J. tpti the truth only those who hare fallen under the Dear sister: Your letter of May 23rd was received, for which -' thank you kindly. I felt quite refreshed in reading it, and of the disIt courses ab the dedication of the Temple : 1 : ; . " 1- . thA irinfrnnm. Rnn nn " " nn tj rs - - . - ( There is one thing I notice, the servants of Jesus Christ have nearly circumnavigated the globe, have gone forth at God's bidding and borne the heavenly banner aloft of the Gospel XETTER. 1esrmayy was al togetherinfKpksrtb voluntary.- They made no merriment of that. . Willraham. M. A HAPPY AFFAIR. On Tuesday, September 30, Miss Martha J. Home was united in marriage to Elder Joseph S. Tingey; both of this city. Miss Home was one of the first girls who learned typesetting here, and set type for the Exponent from its first issue. She made herself very proficient in the art of type setting, and could compete with anv of the men in the office in this resDect. The bride is a very promising young woman; is very much loved by her friends, and greatly esteemed by all. She holds a prominent position in the Y. L. M. I. A. She is the daughter of JElder Joseph and. Home, both 1 "Ti II wudeiy and iavoraoiy Known among tne Saints. The bridegroom is the son of Bishop Tingey of the 17th Ward; he is a typo in the Destret Tfews Office, and is a young man in every way likely to make a good husband. M.-Isabel- - 1 1 juac-ter-da- ' JAeception-was-hel- d bride s parents in y 1 at1 the evening, and the friends delicious repast, abounding with " fruits, wed-- , ding cake, ice cream and tempting delicacies was served to all the guests. in I lt j . urr fi imfww ii. nonrvjenrianiei n. vveiis, rresi, a.. i ' r . tin ii tv nvifii i r . . i . . i non and ladies and many others were present, and a whole bevy of young, people. There were many generous gifts bestowed, accompanied by good wishefTaud congratulations. There; was some music by tbe young ladies, and a . speech by rrest. Geo. Q. Cannon. We tender, our most sincere congratulations, and would wish for the haDov vouncr couple peace, prosperity and every blessing thai tne possibly bestow; long life and happiness here, and a fulness of celestial glory hereafter . Miss Nettie Carpenter, of New York, aged in the . violin claw sixteen, took the first prize at the Paris Conservatoire this year. - 