MIDNIGHT MUSINGS. pI The tv. - , J)B- - iSSAV moon iMnei out from the western sky, rnmlnc nvn:I"i4" f t rntv with th " ' ilivni . last time, when Sd cs&$$fajK K 'al as at the In ' wiU restore . -- .7.V. 7 IabyAnn-M- . .Pratt. the days of tnings beginning. .Salt Lake City, Oct. 20, 1884. ine ancient covenant people ot the ..Lord, He approved of His servants having more wives the ceremony was the. same with one a3 an GOSHEN Y. L. AND PRIMARY FAIR. other, his children were legitimate and God -blessed them. 9' As' in the case 6f Abraham, 1 1 1 T .. 1" i r i3L oi aamirauon camo uver ieeiing aengntiui , Jacob, David, Solomon and others, God blessed the people on entering the shoolhouse, which ' the seed of plural marriage. 3 was most Deauuiuiiyuecarau Gen. xxxv, 11. V And God said unto him: r work of the members of the Y. L. and Primary faithful and Jacob, IamGod: Al mighty Associations. It was surprising to see the multiply, a nation, and a company 6i nations beautiful articles made by the youth of this shall be of thee, and kings shall come out of place? At a glance one could note the thy loins." Now God had this talk with" Jacob made on previous year3. How can provement i i after he hadiived in the marriage relation with. .i sons anai i .i it oi juwu tne worm say tne uaugniers four wives. Do our- persecutors think, that We are are sure not intelligent? they would God has changed? He is the same yesterday, 7 not believe that statement if they would visit" v and forever. He has asain restored tiie iairs, among tne saints ana see ine ongnu this order of marriage, which is for time and faces of the children beaming with intelligence, all eternity, and is in line with that holy order and tee the many "beautiful "things made by ' .establishedby righteous men whose posterity them. " ; is traced to the Savior's birth, .through Solowere exhibited, Sme very handsome, quilts mon, born in the marriage relation; his wives done by the elder members; alsor neatly done were given to him by Nathan the Prophet. fiR.bwnrk and fradle auilts bv our verv small John the Baptist was of this lineage, being a were r rugs, mats or various childrenJ?here .. 1 , . r . . i i i n literal descendant of Aaron, ...God. must have nower3Qujeivetrnva4tuu-uairvurjiKinas, looked UDonHDTuraTmarriaee as berns light and Thawls, Infants' wear, stockings, bracketsjaces, lawful in "His sight, or tie would not have sent tidie3,embroideriesi mottoes, slippers, wool,cardHis only begotten Son through their posterity. ed and spun, window curtains, aprons, and "And the Lord God shal) give unto Him the other clothing; also various articles of food and: throne of His father David; and He shall vegetables, walking canes, hay rakes, ladders, a house Jacob forever." of the over tnVlA nnc mnnv nfViPr t.hincra t.ff nillYier- Luke, ronfrn reign 33. i, 32, . ou3 to mention. of lived man a home that the over Two meetings were held, one at 10 a.m. and What, relation? 0 with four wives in the marriage the other at 2 p.m. In . the morning the time dear! those men in the East must be horrified was spent in listening to the remarks of our when they read "the Gospel according to St. t Bishop, our rrimary rresicUmt, ana otner Luke." "And of His kingdom there shall be members of the Ward. In the afternoon we has Now Christ if end." no LjakindoniHe u3rhaveBjects77anirthey are poiygamists arranged programme, consisting ol songs, reciand their offspring, and He calls David fafher tations and dialogues. In all, we had a pleas; polyga-mistwho established His throne, that great urable and enjoyable time. be His Solomon must son David's then Lucy Taylor. house of the over 1884.' He and if Oct. reigns 18, brother, j. His be the of must his subjects posterity Jacob, 7 kingdom. A SOCIABLE PARTY. -We read in the New Testament: that we must, do the works of Abraham to become his TheY.LvM. I. A. of the Eighth Ward children, and God said He would be called held a social picnic and meeting as a surprise their God, and He was a iriend of Abraham. VKf lLlp UVVIVUM J y jj And the twelve son3 of Jacob made twelve exercises tho the 1884 After opening 29th, tribes that God called Israel, and He has their President arose and stated the object of the names written on the twelve gates of pearl, the meeting and presented a quilt to the Secretary Saints New Jerusalem, in which Latter-da- y made by the officers and members. . Miss S. A. can enter because they practice this Bible docHawkins then returned' her thanks to all prebefore them to it revealed has God trine as sent The names of the committee are as folit. "In that day made was law against any lows: Counselor S. J. Chamberlain, Chairman seven women shalltake hold of one man and Chamberlain, Jennie bmith, Jennie Mor-.1 Lucy to take name called be us let by thy shall say, , ii.attio tensen, Annie uuuyvyacj own eat our will we and our reproach, away Sheets, Mary Shank and Mrs. Jennie Young. bread and wear our own apparel." Should Misses Lucy Chamberlain and S. A. Hawkins, who those of wives the of, some if not wonder invitation committee. . did not plead to tne fight against this doctrine short a After programme iouowing be saved by one holding "authority to seal on named sisters made some very good remarks: s earth and in heaven. Sister E. R. S. Smith, Prest.M: A. Freeze,Sis-terWomen do understand religious principle as Elizabeth Howard and Mattie Home Tin-geand E. B. Fletcher Prest. of the Relief a general thing better than men, and theywill thos'e of hands at the Society. yet come and ask favors earth and in heaven seal on who have power to Alter meeting those present partook of a KiiT,onua rpn!tnrenared.bvanevounr ladies." for their minister has only married them "until without Mrs. M. B.; Leaver, Prest, death doth them part;" and that, too, even not have power Miss Sarah A. Hawkins, Sec. authority from God, they to birid on earth. Let us, dear sisters, be thankful that we are "Some people talk as if the whole object of married in the Lord. "What God has joined instead of the whole life wastoobtain-libert- y, asunder." They have together let no man put attain a higher and object of libertv being to no power to put us asunder; we are married by fuller life. To be free to speak, to write, and God's law. "Do they think that prison bolts as.we choose is certainly a thing to act in ratified to is tie? just It the sever marriage can be desired; but a far bigher aspiration than the heavens. They ask us a true questionKare to this would be that we should only choose fit. were you married? When wife? man's this you do that which is true, true coin to get ' gpeak, to write, er to They have to acknowledge the ting and valuable." hold of the handle. It reminds me "And the 1 1 . v , " to-da- - r:.. . - - . . 1 1 ; . ... - : ; . - . -- - . ! The last sweet message from her hand received, A note of sadness breathed from ev'ry key; Her loving heart, like many others, grieved Tennessee. O'er dreadful news from far-othe are Fresh In my memory plaintive words she spoke The dream that he, her loved one, had returned; That when her mind from restless slumber woke, Peculiar feelings in her bosom burned. ff Tia true events of coming time do often cast Their fitful shadows o'er our pathway here, Misunderstood until fulfilled at last; We then look back and read their meaning clear; And ere the missive was complete, she said, . :be When in the mother's arms we laid her little son, & welcome sweet she smiled.1vHntr wits x r nridA o'er a battle won, warrior Like some brave Well paid for all, la this her precious child, JJjrwhlch a golden link is added to the chain Of endlese lives Infalrerwftrlds thaa thU- O'er whom her husband and herself may reign Through coming ages of eternal bliss. As o'er her snowy couch I bent with loving care To brush the lustrous waves of ruddy gold That crowned her queenly head with beauty rare In nature's grand and perfect mould, I llttlft dreamed that it would be the last Sweet taste of fellowship on earth that we Would e'er enjoy until we both should pass The shining portals of E ternity. ; u, . "The mourning bells ring out a requiem drear, Ma Smoot's pure spirit from this earth has fled To realms of glory in a higher sphere." And now, sweet friend, a brief farewell to thee; L May we alike prove true to every, trust, And when our spirits like thine own are free, This frail mortality has sought its kindred dust, Oh,may .we meet the loved ones gone before In robes of pure celestial glory dressed, Sweet anthems sing on that elyslan shore "7 Where weary souls find rest. . ' ' " Mxbt A. Fabsswobth. Moan Coppy, Arizona, Nov. 15th, 1834. " 1 . "T With him we know the parting pain yet lingers - : Of little more than three short years ago, When ghastly death, with cruel, icy fingers, Laid one dear member of , his household low; And now again we read In mournful measures, Death claims another one so pure and fair, Which leaves his tender household treasures Without a mother's loving care. When on my home returning trip last May- I spent a week. with this dear friend of mine; " 1 knew ner nusDana caa ueen caueu away Upon God's errand to a distant clime. With patlent.zeal I saw her once more drain That mingled cup of earthly bliss and woe, For woman's supremest joy and pain Still hand In hand must go. ! - . That soothing messenger has long elnca gone; And left me basy with the scenes of yore, Whose Tirid memories throng my wakeful br&ln, Where long-I'v- e sought amid its scanty lore . .Bright gems of thought In vain. flri tAlnm reach us In onr far-of- f home. fountain xf tjut hearts with grief, IThatflweli-th- e With sympathy could consolation come, find a sure relief. Our sorrowlngrlends-wou- ld - One more dear friend is numbered with the dead; Her husband absent at this trying hour, nlslonely threshold he will ere long tread-- r O God, support him by '"Thy power. ' "n: writing was, Jesus of- Nazareth, the King of; the Jews" The Jews wanted it changed but had not the powifcL: ; . LOTINOLT IHSCWBED TO THE JtEMOBT OF OUB PiHTZD FBIEKD. MAE LA. JV ..... "The righteous shall see' it and rejoice, and all iniquity shall stop her mouth.' 42;.-X-- ' - SCRIPTURE TESTIMONY FOR PLURAL MARRIAGE. . y, - " - -- : "Yet setteth He the poor on high from affliction and maketh Him families like a floek." Psalms, xi,41 ,;' 