X- - ... Legislature. Which I my encouraging to thoe efld! who have labored so arduously In their "-IT"-forts for equal rights. - Tfe-f WdshiDgtoii rerrltury irtlli third among tha to give women Terr ltvrUs ot the United the franchise and there Is a recommendation to C Ji gress to appoint Mrs. AY J. Duniwsy Gov-enof the Territory. We have t ad some acquaintance with the lady, and have no doubt but she would nil the. position with honor and THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. to represented, and have appropriate symbols. Altogether it is a very unique ajjair, but being something entirely new will naturally meet with criticism, though the otject of Biater Crocheron was a good and laudable one, and iht deserves success and patronage, for the has la bred under an accumulation of dlfUcaltlca lu ; LB M K I 1 3 E B...WICLL2I. -- :..at:hkeJ wjid-ontky,-a- . S:ts Silt Luis Utyt Utaa - or Terns: Oce copy oaa year, J3. ft; one copy six months jfl.O) Tea vcpJa for the price of nine, AdYertising rites: Each s ,ore, tea' llaci of noaparell Bpce, one iime, $2.50: par moath, $3. 00. A liber! dlooat to ' rega'.ar advertisers. north of Z. . M. ExPOSMTjOffiJnI., Y.Mt Temple Street.- "Basiacss hoars, from 10 . m. to 5 p. m. ivtry day, except Sand&y. "A ddftss aiTfon e I aeeTcomminlciTionft to. dignify. ; 1'abliebrr Vosim's S&lt SAmAirE"CITyr r FEBR(J AR Y 1 t ASM . T5T ! WOMAN '3 SUFFRAGE. Emily Faitjifol: Thlf distinguished Lke City Thura. Charlotte Robluposi. here about ten . days, She. remained p - - and durir a . . uau i n e oppor iu n uy or m eetin g I na uime-w- e ' her several times. hrrpTiVftte"84;Ctetary,lvlbs . a business, and wehay heard men remark, who had been In business for years, that they never lo9t a debt through the lack of honesty in a wo-man. -- We should be very glad to ee Mra. Dunl- way appointed Governor; she justly deserves the position for her able and efficient labors in bringing about the passage of the bill granting women political cq jallty City Utah. Mi S3 gentlewoman arrived In Halt ";7r womeiTtiaVti al wVyY Lean credited with a blgb of "concicn (TouTnesa In all matters of Kxposht, Uk t - ' t a m m ' .v iim w arav cimm a writer, a lecturer, a . Amnrina and -- Canada-as phuinthropist and reformerr- rirreldi Connected with the Princess Louise in phllanthrop-ca- l acd emigration work. Miss Faithful is the daughter of an English cl ergy man, bu t is - no t herself bound by auy" tarlan"orrrHtrlfitIvo ideae. When a Vftiinolady she was presented at conrt, and hat) bten RxaociAtd with tha beut ncor.le in En elsnd. Rh is greatly admired' not only in herown country rvj-- i a m Mirrrii u u' mm i i w wm -- - . Immediately after seelbg . the telegram in the paperp, ktatlug that the Executive Committee of the N. V. S. A. of New York had protested agaiuBt the disfranchisement of the women of Utah, etc., a telegram was Bent to Mrs. Lillie Daveruex Blake the President, and the ladies of the Committee, a brief and sircre acknowledgement, thinking them for the interest they had taken in the matter. The dispatch was signed by Eliz R Bnow Bmitb, President of Latfer-daSaint Women's Organizations, Zina D. H. Young, Fb si Vice President, M. Isabella Home, Second VIca president, Farah M. Kim-baiSecre tarjy Prcsendia L. Kim bal I, Bath, sbeba W. Smith, Elizabeth Howard, Roman fa B. Pratt, M. D., Ellis R. Bhipp, M. D., Martha Paul Hughes, M. D., Kate Weill, Zina Y. Ellen C. Claw eon and Emoaellne B. Well?, Vice President National Women Suffrage Association for Utah-.- . The dispatch was published in the "DaIIj Ervnlng Telegram," and other eastern paperp.MSl ace then letters have been received from leading ladle) in the east,a . 1 . , r 0 Kuitugua ui tutir iivuny bupport iu mainiaining woman Buflrage, end expressing tbe oplnipu that . tha unjust legielatlon aga'nst Utah would not be sustained by the majority In Congress. Senator Edmunds has lost prestige with the women BufTraglsts, by advcctlng diafraLchle. for the women of Utah. Perhapi he had an idea that there were more gii lg - than" boys among our young people, and by the abolishing of the franchise for women the "liberal party" might gain ground, but that is not the case. There are quite as many, If not more, boys born AN OVVTION. . On Monday, January 21st, Slater Eliza R. Snow Smith, Preiident of the Latterday Saint Women's Organizations, received such an ovation as is seldom accorded to a woman. -- The party met in the Social Hall at 5 p.m ,and the exercises began about six o'clock. President John Taylor made some preliminary remarks suitable to the occasion, and congratulated Bis-tEJIm on having arrived at the age of four score years. A good rplrlt seemed to rest upon -- all assembledbpayrrthls tribute of respect te a veteran mother in Israel, and the widow of the , A.I 11 Prophet Joseph Smith. Prest. George Q Cannon took charge of the meeting. Blnging by the company, "O, My Father." Prayer by Prest. George Q Cannon. Address of welcome, ty Sister Zina D, H. Youug; Reading, an original poem, by Mat tie Home, composed for the occasion by Emily H. ?, Woodmansee; 8ong, by Bishop O. F.Whltneyi Era-tu- s Snow and d Woodrufl. Peiident A. M. Cannon, Prest. Joseph F. Bmlth and Prest. George Q. Canno n interspersed with songs and rtadingj. A basket of the tho'cest and most delicate flowers and vines was presented to the hontred lady from the ladies of the committee, and la hand-om- e and fragrant bouquet from Bister M. M. " and remarks by Apostle a. -- . in Utah than girls, and the IdeV that the offspring of plural marriage are mostly girls is far from the truth. However we do not support woman suflrage because there is aDy need of it for the People's Party, not at all; but upon the principle of legitimate right and political equal ity. That women are as well qualified as men are to cat a vote and to give opinions, or even declblona upon Important matters, that they are legally eotitled to Joint consideration and partici- patlon in the public weal, and should be equal partners In the great governments of the world. When His well known that the meat Just and equable of sovereigns have been women, why shauld the people protest against the simple right of franchise, the flint preliminary step political advancement. That is always highest, best and mcst complete in which man and woman both participate, and the highest political and general good will be attained when men and women work harmoniously for the of the human family; politically as well ith-appreciat- ive er l, 1 enlhuslsm. and was received v. She was faultlessly dressed, and appeared per' fectly at ease and natural; no attempts at dis- - v y Wil-Mam- uu. iu Aiuti.va Hiaui She gave her celebrated lecture entitled Barratt. Wll-for- 11-- A 4. protest against the shams, extravagances and subterfuges of modern times, and the worship of mammon, the god of this world, and especial ly of the. present age. She thinks the pretent style of Jiving, of dressing and of publJcdinners, r parties, etc., is tending to an increase of jealousy and hat among the working people, and will r x t i i eveniuaity, ii not nrreewju m us progress iy a sensible change. for the better, bring about a state of things similar to the French revolution. TTar nf mmm v ff:trritho Wt w that: aviirv w 1aa(iua' w w vaa mattar J one could receive, and she gave it in a clear and happy manner, calculated to make a.deep impression on those who heard it. Miss Faithful is affable and amiable in mar-ne- r, a woman whom one can love and admire for her nobility of soul and thorough appreciation of the needs of the age. Bhe has great good sense and marked ability; these qualities combined with a tu peri or education and extensive travel make her a most charming conversa- --- m m mmm rw - J w mmm mFmrmm mmm W - mm mm W W - " : "V We publish. In this Issue, the poem read by Miss Mattie Horneand also the poem by Sister Crocheron, read by Mri.Busa Young Gates, and the address by Dr. Romania B. Pratt. We add our sincere congratulations to that of her many friends, and trust that she may live until she la satisfied with life, in the full possesion of every faculty of mind and body. nd down, but crftppfnl in mtnnr and simple in style, she appealed direct to the of her audience, who were intent intelligence r f ".A in in lis Lenin?., tmu,1 save me auiuwei aiiention the speaker. The lecture itself was a decided and eloqaeut riftHnfrtin r ' tional.it. ' , zr We are very sorry she had not more time to -- to-war- in-tere- eb morally, socially and religiously. The picture entitled, 'Representative The Governor of Iowa recommends prohibition and woman suffrage in hla message to the Wo- men," and dedicated to Sister Eliza R. B. Smith the President of the Latter-da- y Saints WomtnV . ds st appreciated we feel confident It might have been repeated to a full house. EDITORIAL NOTES! Organizitions, is now ready. The artUUc part of the work, wbJch has been designed by Bister Crocheron, It certainly very ftttiy, and abowi plainly the lady's talent. The wort? was lithographed at the Graphic5 Office in New York and the likenesses are photographs taken In this city. There Is a book of of about HO pages, which will enhance the inter- -' est of the picture. The organized work, which has been done women of this Churches represented by thj leading officer of each society or the mottoea and emblems are aseociaUon, and expressive. rature, educaUon, mnalc, tcience and art are al pen-sketch- - es LETTER III. Bebn, Switzerland, Dec. 17tb, ItSS. My Dear Mother: , Yoa say yon have had no letter from rue after left New York before the cne from Bern, writI ten on the 5th ult. I wrote yoa a long letter on board the Oregon the day we sighted land, and put it myself into the mail bag to be sent from Queenstown. I am sorry you did not get Itj w it gave a brief description of the magnificent vessel weeailedin, and a full account of my vcyage with all ita pleasures and annoyances. I think every one on board wrote letters home; I wonder If they all, like mine, never reached, their, destined goal. You wonder if '. , 