: I, WOMAN' S EXPONENT HELEN ANtf VIRGINIA. - .. ' Continued.' . wedding morn I No costly robes, No throng of worldly Votaries ..Grouped for display, to' lean, to talk; """ Irt, clothed as one dreams angels are, In pare white robes Amid .mysteries Of holier life ia spheres afar. -- Omahaw) and the Otoes, who, he eaid, werea thievish race, but iff we would move up tho river about ten miles to the old for '.of Council in council and .transacted business with the agents of the U.S., then we might have peace and liber- for them, and they in return woiiM-leus have young nnr "itu iaj tussiau ,ua in iinrmmr rnrrip h.v i urthermore said we were welcome - to build houses and winter there, and remain as long as we chose with them,..fbr-4he- y had undisputea " title to the land in the. vicinity of it, and there-wergreater conveniences there than here-pl- enty of water, wood, etcv close at hand, The conclusion of the council was that some of the" brethren would 20 upx and see the c.ountrvlovw fore deciding to move.' ' "Saturday, '26th. Fine day. Bro. Brigham, Kimball and wife, father and . mother,-too- k supper at my tent, this evening. auu couverseu on several tninfr connpnfPfl with father's going to St. Louis. Brigham tnh - us that he had received news of the death of Father Huntington. Hq vdied at Mt. Pisgah. We hear that Captain Allen, who was appointed to the command of the regiment jrf Mormon soldiers, has lately died at Fort the glad light of motherhood, Sensecf possession, joy, so deep, .. t ...TTeagure;fso;J(cIjEBsvVofefWf'::,' And when t ha pale, sweet face she turned Half bending her-- babe asleep, Her heart its sweeteet love had learned?: o'r -- ' Swift in the rays of thisiiew bliss . .life gathered.upJtsj-trengtk- anew To meet again familiar scenes. "r And when the day's warm glow was gone, Virginia's coach they gently drew" , To facj the sunset lighted, lawn. . revered greater truths of life and death; And lesser joys of earth, like moths That wing their way to ftal light, " tfhe Baw were fleeting, were but breath, Consumed and. lost to angels' sight. More sacred seemed Her bridal day L The. privilege of earthly life A lesson, not a holiday. Andthia was home, In truth, at last Her home, and she an honored wife; Henceforth her duties here were cast. from-lip- 75 Then living love leaped ir its place, And the o'erflowiug eyes she raised Tho And there she learned . s . The groups of trees, each flower bed And winding path were dear to her ' As facts of long absent friends, And there dear Helen's children sought -- .. . " The flowers that choicest, sweeteet, were, And to her side the ofTring- brought. . - - : What tender messengers are these That bear in silence such full store Of the heart's purest, sweetest love; And never lovelier these appear i Than when within the sick room's door They bring pure nature's life and cheer. . -- year has passed and. brought "TXchange to fair Virginia's face. More gravely sweet, she seemed to watch Some looked, for Bignal, 6eemed to stand Where soon shall dawn that mystic space We call the better, holier laud. On fairest days, in Helen's care, : Virginia rode by stream and field, Gathering all of health and strength That tend'rest, watchful love could glean, That breezes fresh and sweet couIdyiejd, Down the long aiBlcs through forests green. Then these no more. All the wide world Outside forgot, for la her room, While loving watchers prayed, Long hours that grew to days went on; And she, uhnoting love or gloom, Lingered like light 'twixt night and dawn. A fleeting - Beside that hearth where Helen aye Had rocked her own babes on her breast, -Virginia's chairr 'too," now they placed, j A moment, just, it thrilled him through, lie looked oh nelen, peace so blest . Illumed her face, it calmed him too.-O TRAVELS BEYOND THE MISSISSIPPI. myst'ry that man ne'er knew; time, 'twixt life and death The veil's so thin that even speech " Would rend it by its sudden breath. BY IIELEN MAR WHJ Where", for a ' (Continued.) On J:he 25th there came six Indian chiefs to President "Young's camp to' see him on business, but he and father were still on the other side of the river raising means of the brethren to send to St. Louis by Bishop; Whitney, who Was to start in about one week. "Thursday, the 29th," Horace wrote, "misty and cloudy. The haying business going on as usual. Bro. Kimball, Wm. Porter and Brig-hacouncil held this evengot back" ing. Besides the six chiefs there are about ' 150 Indians in the vicinity; wanting to make some arrangements. with the brethren about the possession of the land we are now occupying, on which they are to hold council .. moniing. Yet liveth on like way'ring flamei-Tlldrawn by warring life and death, Where in the whirlwind standeth God; His presence and compassion givo ' The thrill of strength to failing health, And turning back, the dying live. l, So slowly drifts tho frail boat back, The pilgrim" scarcely feels the shock When grates the keel upon the shore; So friends who wait upon the. strand In silence watch it float and rock, . Nor .venture yet to lend the hand. At last, as one from sleep she, woke, And recognition faintly crept Into the look, but wearily; And then as one who turns to go She closed her eyes again and slept'". " " . That deep down sleep that mothers know. IEfuTay-mornmg- Awhile, and then she woke again, Her eyes a clear Inquiry wore; Though his glad look met one faint smile, One face she sought and missed, he knew: "Helen," his vpico glad tidings bore "Helen, dear wlfe. she looks for you." " Then Helen came. O that blest smile, 'Twas heart to heart that understood, 'Twas greeting, joy, and welcome back, But words were few, for silence bore The sympathy of womanhood .. That needed for the time no more. Virginia pxeciouiafan on her arm, The pathos of its wee, white face. And the small, helpless, nestling form, Filled her with wonder as shs gazed: Itsjight weight resting y could. w .. v And then with rest came gently back Remembrance of past vague alarms : Spoken In looks and not in words, And Helen understood, and smiled, And brought in her own loving arms , m to-da- 0 i ; pursuant- - ,- "council was called. Horace says, "An aged chief, almost blind, arose and requested thatall those who had anything to say about the laud - business would speak. Accordingly a number The amount of whose of brethren spoke. words' were these: That we had been driven dike themselves, the Lainanites, and now desired a resting place with them for a. little season, and would render them anyfavorjn our power except assisting them to war against other tribes, which would involve the shedding 'of blood. After the brethren had all got through speaking the old chief arose and said: 'Have you done?' refusing to make any reply, or until mat was ine case. kju. reueiviiig token of assent, he arose and said: 'I love your words and will do you all the good I can, for x we have been pushed and driven, too, by the . natidnsrntr-tt37ntir-siiotrr- a in open, war against them long ago had not our grandfather, the president, said, 'live in peace!' He furthermore said that the land that, we are now on is in dispute between this tribe (the 7 . We had previously heard, through Brother Sher wood oflh iedeathof-f- a dieratGarden Grove. The hardships and privations of our people were beginning to tell upon the old and the young, and various sized mounds had already marked .their lonely trail. The days were still very warm and of the Saints were being brought into manyin a camp very sick and distressed condition. The nights,' though, were beginning to beold,and we had begun' to have frequent rains which increased the sickness among us. "Sunaay, SOtYi. W,n. KimVV Vita wwo other boys, went back to Musduieto CrWn help Bishop Hunter uprwhe was quite sick. A meeting was held in the morning at the stand in the wood, and in the afternoon another meeting "was called at five p.m., under the bower near our tent. Horace says: "Father John Smith spoke at some length. He was followed by : Elder Or Pratt, who, in a clear and concise manner,pointed out to the brethren the. ad vantage of our closing with the offer of the Omahaw Indians, and moving up the river to the Old Fort. Father Cutler spoke a few words the amount of it was that the, brethren were not to discontinue the" haying business because they, thought they were going to move away, but to "rush ahead" " and do all they ther-Bentrw- The victory was sure, was strong! ' love, O truth, how great thou art, When thon hast mortal self o'ercome ! When rocking on the unfathomed deep, Or 'gainst the winds that sudden 6tart, Thy bark its 6teady course doth keep. The" i ..Leavenworth." - Alone, where mothers only go, Nor even deepest love can reach, t -- ! 31111 iyithhwne1! . ." r President Young then spoke at some length on the order qi the gpyemment.-oLthftllrindom or (jrod man was fit to act" as a governor or ruler until he had first proved himself worthy of hisjpfSce, by showing himself, ready and willing to be governed. He that it was necessary we should move as speedily as possible to our winter quarters, in order that we may be engaged in the build-- , ing of houses, .which it is necessary should be Bro. immediately commenced. John Pack's youngest child, an infant, died to-- ' day. 31st. Beautiful morning. '.:. "Monday, ..Brigham, Heber; father, Fathers Cutler and Cahoon, with - several others, some on horseback, others in wagon.?, started to ; go up the river to look out our winter location. This evening Wm. arrived with the carriage, bringing Bishop Hunter with him. His family have stopped for the night eight or nine miles back; JiieyLill-JeptorroPort' river assisting Bro. Wood worth's folks across, who are all quite eick " . ' ho" lie-said-n- o al-so.s- - wr What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment, and once in a man's life? . The letter m. 