y.f V MM ' ' - A. ... ... 1,2. vLT a:;ol HucljjojiauLJiao-ilHfik- TTotrthciroOrairometli.'' xxiv, 41. ;." .Heady.! oh ! are you ready 1 f th'i J.ord RhonlJ come me-- ., wliwi uic to-day- -- '. - vo'i.--- s , ! . n-riL- fr tfrove u -- uddeM disap'j.oint-e- i .top aiui- the - uho wUhtd Wthcri' the.cJulf.lren cricl,.- v.-a- a luTrryin- - stop'at to and Ire scolded, some' told the captain tliev kn-he vould Mart before they oil: but at lat. ihev nlUi.,,,! m,' hefroTheirta Wnphj, and tlu ir a as a .unbe::rn.- - ' jaces iniUmg It 'was not many minutes before ve pu-l- u 1 oil' again; all the little ones had left us, and alit seemed though quite lonesome; yet I confess we had a much better chance to see the for our attention-wa- s so unavoidably drawn to them while ' they remained. W'hilocliatting about th scene r.v the life 'of Washington, wh home we wrrcf about to visit, thejime and we t . ' II-neve our w.v 3vlie.n. iojiie-tuo- co u id iianuv (n ayrthisis Mt. YeTnon The b int. stooped. and as everv one dsn off too. We had not walEed many from the landing, however, when we saw a colored inaa who; immediately, on seeing ih, sung outr"I)is way for de excursion wagon." We paid our ten ct. and got into the carriage, supposing it to be some distance to the torn b, but in about two minutes our colored Triend . to Hon, and fufl of fearV He lind you enduring tiials, 'Will As a'faithful .soldier must, ' Content to tread where His prophets In a life of simple tru?t? , : you read' . If the Lord should call away, No idol chaining you down to earth, But ready Jo go' '. For it may te that He is coming the evening (all; But wliothfr at noon xv midnight, He ready when He shall call. ' ' .. ; i.llv, - 1 : wanted a good look and so allowed him to"drive off without us. We' seemed to be about the only strangers, the others had come merely for a day's out and a rest from the bu4le uf the city; so most of them remained in the car-- ' riage, and those who stopped only 'seeraed to give a iassing glance and then walk off to some other part of the grouuds,:so; that we had' an opportunity of gazing without being ga;ced upon, and our remarks did not have to be whimpered, but we gave full vent to nirjbejing'i .The tomb was (f red brick, amrbuTlt on thev" side hill, and wouhMuive looked quite old and dull had it not been for the beautiful vines which covered it and the. bright wild llowers that spotted thegrass, these lit up by the bright summer sun. looked anvthm"o .but- nf oomv. - One beautiful tluy in August our small party of three set out abunt 10 o'clock a.m. to visit Mt. Verm n. We stepnefrinto a street car which carried us to. the rrVer, and after much d pushing and asking rnany fpjiestions, we in boarding the steamcrbjaund for tbat- point ToTJthe first few minutesweHvere in a1 state oi excitement neanng some womien say that this was not" the Jit. Vernon steamerl Hit 'twas not many minutes before the Capt. ap peared upon the scene; and he soon quieted our fears. The boat was small and terribly crowd- hic-ceede- Our little 1. . brown eyed third person seemed the nucleus around which all the children congregated with apples, sugar plums, bread and butter, cakes, etc-- , for children never seem to feel an excursion Js an excursion unless they have their hands and mouth full of something good to eat. It was quite amusing to see these little ones enjoying themselves by daring acts and to hear the poor mothers exclaiming, 'ouvill J lose your hat; there, l knew you Would drop your handkerchief; will you quit leaning over the railing? I shall never .try to take you children any place again." Such were the ejaculations of each fond mother, and never once dicithecjiildrenettle down, and .never once did the mothers lower their voices. On the otherside of the boat the young jpeo-pl- e had seated themselves, and with their companions were enjoying themselves in a quiet vay, admiring the scenery and occasionally glancing at the noisy child ren on the other s?ide. AVc enjoyed the whole affair immensely; -- " - ; ' j j ; . 11 .iiei c ere nouiaraifiqam Tllossomed.in abundance, as if they, sweet.em- blemsNorthe dead, spoke of him and tuld u, lor the tlvomght would come, that he needed.iio' marble tomoW costly monument, but that Ins deeds wrere engntven on each true heart, the place from which thsy sprung. From the door, wiifeh was made of iron all was bars, we couldee int(htheomb;.w-herwhite and deathlike. From here Ave followed the others to the obi tomb, but tne-r- weregust. 1 a i 1 1 e -- e aJ'ewnM boards left -- there to markthe Fpot"" where he had lirst been laid. As we'fehanx- - . ious to see the house and the many old relics therein, we hurried towards that point. The house stands just on the banks of the 'river, and it would be difficult to imagine a 'more lovely spot than Mt. Vernon, with the river many boats flowing smoothly in front, with-its- , and steamers gliding softly by; 'The. grove, , with its sequestered nooks and rustic seat-- , the! well kept grounds; with their choice. Mmih? and trees, and the large conservatories with their collection of plants, rail combined to make it just what the home of such a man -- -- . " 1 1 j rj ny - nri n hi si I ft fi'mejrthe t- ::e Ttii-nlt'- ' e pa'-si'iTa- rlcFrjiaitre HH.Hfr )m of-- ' l the original furniture' and' have worked hard to keep the house in its original style. so that it is almost, if not quite, as it, was in Washington's life time. We could scarcely tear ourselves awny from the house, but finding it p.vt lunch time we went out, thinking we couldjpro- cure some lunch 'there, but, alas, eaeli litt le this looked susirroup had their little picious; but we went to an old colored lady who wa in charge of toe liou-e- , bat could not prevail upon her to sell us anything; It "was unfrtunate for us the first day that 'lunch-hadnot been served, there, and so-had to n;aku - " , ba-ke- t; we the -' b :t . of it and enjoy our picnic asbt4'ne could without any picnic at all. We wandered a bou t for so me imc and - th en - wen t do w ir tothe river side to wait, for .the steamer. 'hile -- we noticed-- ; that"" all there the bo:;fs waiting stopped" in front of the house 'and tolJc! fh. ir .bell-;- - (his seemed to jnea very sad and sweet J - : -- remembrance. Twas not long err our boat arrive' and we were on our way back' to the citv; the air w: delightful in thie-wolffurnishod by two Italian harpi-t- s sounded very sweet on "the water. On arriving we took" the car again, which wps crowded to the uttcrmo.-- t part with a party of little children, I counted thirty. They were all dressed alike in little gingham dresses and white sun f xon nets. . Thpy hkehvr"ntainft having seen so man v..sweet 'little girls d resiCilxilLalLke: "I enquired of a gentleman, near me who they lire "little orphans;" said he, "and that old gentleman' at the other end of the car. takes care of them all,, clothes, feeds and teaches them for nothing except the "love they give. He has been taking them on an excursion see how happy he looks." And indeed he did look hannv,' and each "of these beautiful children would look up;. at him. and mile so sweetly. I asked if he wa for he looked nuite shabbv. wealthy, ds r uii, no he has devoted ; his lifj and nieaus to the orphans." What a sweet task, and yet how few are so generous and gooT Sum the gentlemen in the car held two or 'three of the little girls arm v.nd I v' ,1,Jt a few dimes slipped carelessly IntTthe little dimpled hands, and many an eye filled with tears as they saw the smile of gratitude that beamed front those sweet chi'd- - l y, i : 4-- in-thei- lSil - ' that I could forms of those long v' the rooms. .gliding softly through, Thero;ai; svmo few f)f the better furnished rooms when: vis.Uors are not allowed to enter, these , I::;y v bars,across the doors. association Was 'formed some yjrs ago called, The Ladies Mt. Vernon Assoeiati ;n; it . s;as formed for the purpose of keeping the house in good repoirjcid leaviug sorne one tb- re to attend t if nn.l to ,s how trajlgji-- to-da- : 1 .imagine-th- -- may SHINGTOX'S JIOME. , 1 te wa elegant, yet. so. quaint antl old: ami walk the rest of the distance." So, notwithstanding 6ur dime we oncluded that, we Mi A. GliEKXIIALOII. - Jf&4H - -- ISSl. jjniLlLSeeI : ireat Washing0lJlfltileo:illj ; ton; those wiio wish to loolr around ali dTt ik-f'-r- e many children since I left home. I e - -- " to-day- ? - . . we-got- ; oh, are Vthr, ' : , : pa-cEi- ..: Or 3reMow,.Mareh "i " yeiy-grand- - e Ke:idy! oh, are j'ou ready? ' For booh He may be here; . Will He lind you loyal and. true ! ' .".' i-- pui to . . F.cady V. house faced the- river, though both east and west s.ides are called fronts, Verv long ami of white color, flic servants quartern are ieincd to it- bv lung covered and as we call porches, v,ajKs,:-uccoiir-e,.- , ' ol.d '"to ; decidedly me seemed fashioned; and :some the rooms ii of although stairs w;ere quite small, but thi.sof course, was an evidence of its age. The rooms are said Jo that I Mt rather ot arc yd a.read y " ...Sisters;'' tbis.Bpeaks to' you, : . For the '.Lord's" own child, though safe, may bo .Ashamed to meet Him too. . .Willie lind you. watching, .praying, ' ; In the day when He comes aain? . Or are you asleep while others weep For the BprrowB and fcins of men'? ".7" ' No. .29 m.-.tlirr- v : v Lingering outride the door, Which when once lie comes .will be clo.scd.to yuu, " "" If von en ter not befo re. , chiMn-n'.- Vu-.iua.l- taptam culled iI,u-r.0Vl-,ITi- " ob ' Kmmrw .lake happy intuio of tho ' Or do you rely on tho pprkikled blood . To takeyuur guilt aVayy. fctandin () ara you stilt douhUnir, ! y sho liLOe'---ri,ii- "lieyo also' ready; 'for. in liady : " r''i: feEiatfe KEADY: --- 'l: x1'" A ; Tho. Rights of tlio Women cf'Sion, Vol. - - (4 r i ') V'-'i - r - spent; one never, never to be forgotten. Girsv. : . 