W O M A N 9 ST HELEN AND VIRGINIA. " '. A "Tour lingers too dainty line, Your fiee i far too gently "fair Tx from. sight in sueb jv wayt---,y- " , , --A ttd H-- i . bO OT1 ii'. Confinu:'l. f fscom : bn-r- t ' k . f .iive rne'lho Krvives, restores th heated fralu Wearied amid gay fasbi.m'b tbrotig, i Of T " tint fiaise "of refrpe.t, tUid otitis Were curious idlers, Were jn.Mi like .Jnelerical the;-e- .''"' 'M'. in raiment, . -- .inlgh t we a tr rywheivi:i ii fi truc !.T-lcncf- f As from their lips the lesson I J Like fiep'rate links of one great cbaiif, Faith parted wide lliu loluie vti'--, And eyes that bad been Llunl hiv char. Kkpkntanci: swept away tb-- vain . Prop.s of the pat and drew the in ne.u-, j ' " - ' tri. its worth, lp.3Trufu:i it 8 liMfie . . 1 - he done. .gifted lady; I .spent an evening with her while 1 was at Washington, I do not think her equal au be found for intelligence, wisdom and wit, : ' d . d - i" 1 fseryiraTenewi&3 are still at workf another ' li.-ln- O rif tor impiison-cfor, her religion liere in this free land of America: well, their cud will soon be fill! fr nrprflnwincr tbpv rannrtf rra nnlv art far, just as far a3 the 'Iord.will let them, and " no farther. .1 hope Mrs. IJelva Iockwood will make a viit to Utah and become acquainted with the people she has so ably defended, she is a fine, ; - .1 ,.lhy will So Hie,' then irgibi.i, u ' Jlcfuse'nie If f f.iiJ to p'rove on Jtnve no other, friend but me; ' I can iipf.io'U.'Mj ties y o:i hold L Iu ev'ry p.;;h where you m y move, ' !Yr I have niiuif, :uul power, and gold." "And I am more "than. "these, lo yon, -And, I deny the gift you crave. I have. another Friend, nor fear l our name and power, and spurn your gold- : You r bauds-Ieatulhc charneLtrra ve, 11 -- eyes, learers of the-ph"The world had lost e'en G'uu's uim w ord To the difcceruiugTaiue the pri.e eYn tne siuipltst tenrtf: 1 lovely wither t those .who .r'-,i1.'tiA,'i- f..; - ii f.Vl little loncrer. for we have dear friends who have not had the privilege of heafiDcr' the- swpH,. - T i '1 tjtnimi tr tine uospei.i so mucn wisrr...Tiney qouldy bilt Father knows best; and I'would say, - ' , g '"iifet-.w-njct- Tiie vv ui x - pre. tLinly - ;'"Theri Icae 'me.'" pat.- Yirjiikfpake - bui!i.m t!i-cms- - of taftii r.-r-if, riorne skeiJti(.;iI, koe-pln- 27 " ,: - : -- -- of your f ile, l.nist me to nhelter iu'1 yoitr r ate hn been em?:l to ua both; i mi s tiiuli i;c onJysiMvn (Kinds, And though "I cahuot. call you, "wife," . I a.'j.r tLe s!,ivo of ywuconimauds.' ' " knowledge heretofore den ltd. .kiielt in prayer, Alone, as when; She nought the pincy: A few Some grave aad earnest us li; aro V"t lcV'f'oTlttiTsfjr.cu r fT EXPONENT. she deserves the praise and prayers saints. .. v of the I mutnot be too lengthy, I wish to say a few words about our reunion of the Johnson The first of June each year we celebrate, it being the day the Gospel was received by' the eldest son, Joel H. Johnson, be- illf? now .l.l Years Ri'no.ft rift nh flio ' Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints; as the hrsfc ,, .day and passed the day in swing- : ing, shooting at marks and plays of "various kinds, with the. young folks; the elder ones chatting, telling their experience, and attend- family. C.-Z-- YotTr'lolic.h boat-riding- The Holy Siuim hlh-dtuu- h iYou feign lrainu divided claims. Of man's strong love, and yet yon'll bind .Your fate in an impostor' snare; In temples cold, iu zealot's thrall Or here, in silken bower, you'll bad ;Tis love! 'tis nature' rules them all." living, leaping, certain joy; The testimony and the light Still other, further truths to claim From the eternal source of light. "With "I will hedge bp thy way'." Ilow plahi Her past life's pathway now apieared; Henceforth those trials recognized as guarud iuruiucing ner 10 siray On either side, because endeared x To memory with hope's bright ray. !ot the Virginia who went out, iieturned beneath her kinsman's roof, And as antipathies are swift To recognize each, though undisguised, They guessed the truth, and keen reproof , Mingled with plans that they advised. '' Swift, as though on infectious wings, Iler strange conversion spread al.road; Tier kindred, mortibed, refused To meet or hear those who had led Her steps on btrange, uncertain ground, A sect "of whom no good was said." He b he, Dinner was served at 3 p.m. when 22 were seated. All our children and grandchildren were not here, i0 being absent; all was pleasant and jovial. Dinner over plays were resumed until evening, then came songs and mu- 1. Ml ,1 .t sic, wnicu nnea tne air with sweet sounds until a late hour. Sunday, June 1st, ushered in beautiful and pleasant, with the prattle of the little ones making ua think that we were a happy tamily and these the fruit of our posterity, and ever praying the Lord to bless them, that they may grow up useful men and worn- - t through eyes alt blurred with sin, a rn id t hese murky seen es, "" "7" 7 " "Now, liHlo paint, come pointer The empty' wOrld and nest Lie in the scales. Make me your foe And soon, your futifa i, ide o'erthrowu, And denied shelter, friendship je&L,. lietui n at la-- i to !$ 1 niv-owrr- . t .. r- might makes right,' and he who dares Is he who wins; 'ti jiiot this way;" Woman was made for man, the world Is full, and 1 will have my share; " 1'erbaps as gif t, perhaps as prey Small diflerenee so Iho prize bo fair. "Look you abroad. The belds are full Of human bowers, men phu-- their choie?. If I do not, another will. If I elect where you thai bloom Then who shall answer to the voice .Within your gilded cage, my room?" I low mauy, 'neath fcuch arg u me n t lfave felt their, moral courage fail. And when with mocking courtesy ' (So sure all seemed) he oped tlw door, He little dreamed she would prevail And he would never meet a. eAue-neijL.uiscour- 1 . , Perhaps you've met the same yourself; Ah, well, Virginia knew the cost lo bear an ill name lor Ills Eake, -- And yet, there came to her at last1-peril that she dared, and crossed rne xorreni mat oeiore nerj)assea. "Virginia, you're no need to work . . " IT.M5 FliOM' JOHNSON Johnson, Kane CoXURh, June 6th, 1884;'" Editor Exponent: ' Utah would not come amiss; We are havinn-most ple;tant weather just now, all nature, 13 -- clothed in her beautiful verdant costume the effect of .many recent rains that we have beenx blessed with, for it i3 really' a blessing, and we rall appreciate it as "such. "The health of the . A For many days his watchful eyes Had scanned her face, and studied well Her loneliness and loss of friends; .' . He knew the 6tigma on her name, "A Mormon girl." Nought else to tell Against the whiteness of her. fame. J la this slave fashion day by day, - ir G-- . - v.-- -' e. Yet ever shadows follow light, 'Round ev'ry lifo since life began, And oft it pained, surprised her, that Meeting old friends of former.days Approaching, just discern her, then Swiftly veer off the other way: 1 . 1 Her life before bad ever missed; And dreaming o'er the dear boy, dead, Again, in faith, his face she kissed. Ti'oll SlindavJ StiluioLJ Olir littlp sphnnl Knneo TIMfcJ II Vll VMVV woa filled. At 2p.m. meeting- was called, the house was packed; the usual opening exercises. Our' eldest son, Bishop --WV D. Johnson; " gave A ... 1: .1 ii ,1 nu to the mosny younr . u i .1: i, Leu tAiun 4.,1 piaceu in authority over them, and to prepare themselves for missions at home and abroad, and ' lead useful; honest and truthful lives, and beand women of honor in the King. cbmeTnen dom of God. Others followed with similar re- 4."' rPhf rfri4iinr?or fV ta. lair iii!irt in singing and mu.ic 1)V .several members of the family; dinner was served at half past four, when 34 were seated to a bountiful repast, their countenances lighted .up with smiles, while wit and humor, - with an occasional graphic story of the past experience of the elder ones, caused the little ones to laugh heartily. There were present t of the Johnsons and those connected with the family. The young folks took a ramble oyer the mountains, came back loaded with beautiful flowers, many much prettier than those raised m our gardens, the evening was spent 25singing and jnusie, Monday morning all repaired to their homes . at . Randall, feeling satisfied jwith the joyful event, hoping to meet again next year, and to be joined by more of the family. Ever praying for the success of the Exponent, which is always a welcome visitor to me and mine. , Your sister in the Gospel, -- . '" . - ".-'Fo- Iiru . ifirhtpH nnr fVio nnsdnir dure For her a goal was e'en in view, And when the still, long evenings came .She joined where lesson, prayer and praise Brought all in one in. His dear name. . 'The resurrection and the life," "" . A iA iha "." ) " hatt tern fnr th . - vr-cll- this-brigh- Anew Virginia turned to work. ' ' d ' the clear truth shine bright, afar, And answered him all calmly, then: 'Sir, nature.makes men libertines, v.liut wisdom makes them noblemen." 1 " lookf-- , saints is good, only a few colds to complain of. Our Relief Society, and Primary are doing well, all alive and awake to their duties, and are striving to.keep the commandments of God and the Word of Wisdom is observed general--ly- . We see clearly the signs of the times are approaching that were talked of long ago, and one feels to gay, could it not be postponed -- , Jane -- The U. Johnson. was ladies'regular held in the Social Hall, Saturday afternoon, July 12, a3 the Fourteenth "Ward Assembly Rooms are undergoing repairs. semi-monthlymeeti- . 