r S , Y. L.--- M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. the world; and said, rear your children in hab-- . its of Industry. When we are gone our child-- ren will have to carry on our work. Never speak lightly of anyone before your children, they remember it, and may speak of it 'again. The. Gospel enters into, our everyday life. Help those that are weak, do not condemn any- - ; one. I believe there is an increase. ainongtheT-sister- sr Let u.r pray45 that Ma oinooi may stay with us till she does the work ' for her dead friends. 1 :1 We know in whom we trust. It is those that are looking for Him that will be ready when He comes. We are drawing nearer to our God; 'let us invite the good spirit; we do not know; what' a power it is, shielding us from evil. God is merciful, let us humble ourselves before Him. My heart 13 full. I pray that the peace of God may be with us and around about us forever Sister TifTany-borher testimony to the truth of this work, and also spoke in tongues, which was interpreted by Sister Young. Bro. John said he had been pleased In listening to the remarks of the sisters, could endorse what Had been said; spoke on the word of wisdom. We must be Saints in very deed; wo must not oppose the law of God. Our enemies are trying to destroy us; we must get more of the Holy Spirit, and it will help us even unto death. Be kind to each other, sustain those over you, and if any have done wrong let them have a chance to reform, and be humble and wise. We "cannot be too humble, etc Bishop Johnson followed with a few remarks, exhorting all to faithfulness in performing every duty. Conference adjourned for three months. Benediction ky Bishop-Johnso- n. . Minutes of the Quarterly Conference of the in the , Relief Societies of Utah County,-helNov." 3rd, 1883 meeting house, Provo City, ' Counselor Mary John presiding. Ma Smoot ...0 ,fitK m acrnin. nl.JO Sisttr Zina D. IT d : V reauuig ui .miuu Jingmg auu prayer, also of the formerconference; tes of reading n ClufT, Resolutions of Respect to Margaret-Anhad conference left us for a who since our last holier sphere. A Sister John felt, thankful to see Sister Smootjvitb us again, and to see the house Would like to so well filled with the sisters. Bear from the .president of each society, as there were no written reports this conference. Xhe presidents, but with few exceptions, some being absent," responded to the call, reported a good feeling generally among the sisters, and a desire to do all in their power to care for the poor and the needy, and to help to build up the Kingdon of God, but as a general thing it was the faithful few who were ready to respond to every call made upon them. Ma Smoot male an effort to' speak to the sisters, but her feelings so overcame her that she could not say what she wished. She said, "My sisters, I feel more ihan I can express; I am happy to be in your midst again, and to see so many faces here to greet Ine. I pray that I may;yet be able to be with you again; I feel to bless you in the name of Jesns, and I pray the Lord God of Israel to bless you all. Amen." Sister Young said, if I should do justice to ; my feelings I should like to sit still and listen to the sisters. The Spirit of God is in our midst. The spirit that is within us creates an influence around us. Evil influences are as ' Let us purge" ourcontagious as small-pox- , selves of every iniquity; let us have faith in God, and not fear, for when our hearts are filled with fear we cannot have faith. We have a beacon light ahead to guide us, let us ' make fast our feet in the Gospel of Christ; we are making rapid strides but sometimes I think we are very slow. - Let U3 not put anything between us and the Spirit of God. ..' Sister Young spoke a short time in the interest ; : t . e . ' . v : " i. , of the silk. Bore her testimony also to the truh of celestial marriage; said that the et Joseph was told that this work could not progress till celestial marriage was practiced. Sister Beebe, President cf the Utah County Silk Association, spoke in the interest of the told in brief what they were doing, and what they were trying to do, etc. A sistez at iherdiouse was weaving silk, had woven forty-fiv- e yards; some of it wa3 woven for handker- chiefs; there was one drcs3 pattern, a small check black and white, twilled very nice; the goods were on exhibition at the stand. The '.sin. ters were invited to coma and inspect them at the close of the meeting; there was also some silk prepared for. filling another piece of goods,, cleansed and colored by Sister Beebe; it. was. a bright blue, and will make nice material for dresses when woven, it is in the loom now. The eilk business, in Utah County, slowly but surely. Conference adjourned till 2P-m- ; so-ciet- ; . , . y; - Afternoon session opened with singing and A few of the presidents reported their societies, after which Sister YWng spoke again on various subjects; first in the interest of the Hospital, thanking the sisters for their Jeret ?eiP, their expenses-we- re great and their" prayer. . income small. V Tt,e th V ' Sh a . - . sPeakr spoke of the deep laid plans to people, oi tne secret societies oeinS orgaawed lor that pu the Bisters to read the papers an informed of what was transpiring U1fe(J C ' C0G?e h- - - -- " " ' Minutes Caroline Daniels, . ' Secretary. : SANPETE STAKE. of the Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Sanpete Stake of Zion, held at Moroni, Dec. 15th, 1883, President M. A. Jf. Hyde presiding, assisted by her Counselors, Si3ter3 and S. Peterson. Conference opened with the usual exercises oLsinging and prayer, reading of minutes and reports. Presidents of the various branch societies gave verbal reports, also bore faithful testimonies to the JE-Allr- ' ! work. Prest M. A. P. Hyde addressed the conference. Spoke of the difference between the present time and twenty years ago, when mothers had to toil and spin, etc. Sister Sarah Petersen gave an account of her visit to the east; dwelt upon the different religions of the world. JSpoke concerning the gathering of wheat; said Brigham Young was a Prophet of God; and he encouraged it. Impressed the mothers to exert an influence them with their sons and daughters be pre7 pure and spotless, so that they might Lord. of the the house into enter pared to Helen A. .Madsen, Stake President of the Primary Associations of Sanpete Stake, spoke on the subject of celestial marriage; said those who were entering into it were going into a higher school, and it would save and exalt them in the Kingdom of God. J Bishop Irons felt to greet the sisters in conference and asked the blessings of Almighty God to rest upon them, etc. Singing. Benediction. Conference adjourned to meet again at 1:30 p.m. Afternoon session opened with singing and prayer. Sister E. AlIred addressed the sisters on our many privileges, which, if we lived up to, would prove a great blessing unto us. ' Prayed God to bless the sisters of Moroni. Prest- - Al. A. P. Hyde bore her lestimonj sealed ceiesiiaLrnarriagendHsaidthT to h&r husband by the Peophet Joseph Smith, ajid had lived ia that order now iorty years, and knew and realized that it was a glorious to-kee- p the conference; Advised the sisters to teach, nd do all the good they could, and the Lord. ; wouiu oiess tnem. r At the close of the conference the Moroni Bras.s Band played - some lively tunes, and charmed the people with, their enlivening music. Conference adjourned to meet at Foun. tain Green.March loth. 1884. ' . . Iauy A. Hyde, Secretary, C ..'t. nnirr T?nr r varwr Editor Exponent:; . A.-.-4 . ; .The enclosed minutes, sent were written by youug ueginners, wno nave been chosen and voted in to take the place of Sister Delia Kof-lord, and assistant secretary; Sister F. Kofford's family have een very faithful in the discharge . in the stake for many years. They have tendered their resignations to attend to other duties. Sister Delia will probably she may be appreciated as she deserves to be, as - a good aud faithful member of society. - May the blessings of God attend her. ' M. A. P. Hyie. Spring City, Dec. 19th, 1883. m m' "Ho should form a part of household jl jjwu Sleep1 morality. It is hardly an extravagant assertion that coqw paratively few people, ai'cer childhood is passed, know by experience what perfect sleep ia, and satisfy themselves with a poor apology for this most perfect refreshineut. Ilising "tired and" wearv f'rnra a disf.nrlifd imnorf'nt cf..,. thnv .proceed to summon up lost energies by strong "tea or coffee, which in its turn again interferes with perfect restat-niga- t, and this process of life, more than anv mental nr r,hvn- k,k wears women out and makes them prematurely old. "I, have been reading myself to sleep after retiring," said a Boston womiiiilieotlier day; "and when I havdomriliis for . or three nights I can see that I look five years older." It is an experience that any wuiuau can verify, and conversely, she can se that sleeping in'a perfectly dark and well ventilated room brings back the contour and the roses of childhood or early vouth. The most perfect sle-- n is obtiihSd hV mk, fully closing the blinds, raising' and lowering the windows to admit plenty of pure air, and drawing down the heavy shades, thus making the room perfectly dark. Then, on to bed, go there to sleep, not to write or read, or think or plan, but for the most valuable of all things, the foundation of all activity'and ener- A ftv. nprivrt. slp.pri ni.rKfj JlP tl.tj fw uijuw v OJ till) I A" will work a magic transformition in perience looks and in feeiiugs. r ; Above di all, Jet-- us' ditional prejudice that there is somehow virtue in early rising. .When early sleep is obtained early rising is indicated by nature, by waking; but artifically produced it is pernicious. Unless there is aa exceptional reason, it is far wiser to sleep till one wakens naturally, and " -- - - . ; "ourln'idst throughout oi-fait- . Cises 01 principle. She than sang in tongues, which.. was very heavenly. Bishop Allred wa3 thankful "for Relief So cieties,, and all associations that were organized by command of the Lord, v Dwelt upon the, -- law of tithing, etc., etc. tv.-.- " . rri" I --- -. . 1 nnp Jinur ffipn will Ah i one comes to it tired, unrefrcshed. "Nature's sweet, restorer" is' of all thing3 the most iuvig- oratincr. W . Selected. Those with whom we can apparently become well acquainted in a few momenta are creneral- ly the most difficult, to rightly know and understand. Ilaicth orn ' ... 