LE TER OF CO N DOLr NCK. : FiliA Graham Co,, A. T., Sep. 15, 1S54.; a. - i 1 jclence. ':id"o done, niostiy ner were Infant , ma-singl- e, -- cases, to older people." , two on The Saturday,' Septem meetings hell ber "0th, beginning at ten a.ni. and at iwo p.m., were exceedii gly interestirg. 7 The programmes were thort, varied aril in ali respects excellent, showing the unrivaled abilities of the children of Dvi8 and those who teach tht n;. Liberty . 4 Cunty -- Prominent among the latter are Sisters RogersT" Hess, Dustln and Clark, and Miaaes Anna Clark and 'Kate Chase. Slater Ann Duitin, President of the East Bountiful branch of the Primary Association, is the mother of Brother B. H. Roberts. Several of the representative brethren of thw county did the children the honor to visit their fair and thelr mesting, and to encourage them with-wi- se counsel and arpropriate instructions. More of the praise Is due to those brethren harvt-stime of theyear In which the busy was held. . .There was talk among the presiding slaters of changing the time another - yyur bleeimg heart with wounds that cannot :..:. .' ob healed. i Sister Condor, we wish you to know and Djr to know, and ask angels to bear re- world lie ' at-te- nd roteat and. condemn : - m such-JawJen- outrage and s a murder as was committed unon o;iJ Elders Gibba and Berry and the Condor family. Djooaea Yea. dear lad v. In this nroud nation whnre the t iear old flag still waves as a beacon light to all uauuua w viiuc tu mo jaxiu ui mo uce, wuere tue Constitution, if held inviolate, will never permit any outrage or oppression upon any of uer subjects. Yea, fair ColambU ha been the mother of the oppressed of all nations. How is 16 Shall we publish it? Shall 'we bear! record to God, angels and patriots, who bled and died to bequeathe to u thai heaven-bor- n boon, land of freedom liberty, that in this the catalogue of crime ia full? while the blood of lunocence cries from the ground for redress, fuK t 1.1 I-I C 111 iL . lining tuo remar&aujo Tisiun 01 me ancient Apostle, recorded in Rev. 6th chapter, 9ta and 10th verses, where he saw the souls of them . . l i. ituat .J uouI anaI me were si am lor uie woruJ oi iea rlmnnv lohlnh thatr HaM frrn it nitur thaoU.., "Row long, O Lord, holy and true and right eous, dest thou not judge and avenge our blood upon those who d well upon the earth." May thlB console you i the prayer of your de- -; voted sisters, Cyrena Merrill, Mary L, Ransom, Lucinda Gustafson, Ruth' Mc Bride, Rhoda E. P'terf JoBepilne Rogers, Matilda Mtxam,' FeriiBj aaran Ann Gale, jffitiia Johnson,' rarah Barns, Edfn J. Lmon, -- to-day- The bh'y Bishop present was Brother Cheney cf Cutrvill. lie tald, in &u address to the Congregation In the afternoon, that he was there because he felt that the little ones would need looking aMr, that it would be quite a I&br, and; he mJght assist in it, This example might be followed by many of our leadlug brethren to their own credit, and to the good of their own families. Ten branches of the Primaries were represented in he fair and in the conference, viz., . North and South Centervllle, North and South Farmington, North and South Kayayilie, South Weber, and East, West and South Bountiful. Brother and Sister Rmptou of Bountiful, manifested goodness of heart and kind hospitality by entertain ini: a number of visitors, making them glsd with good things to eat, and furnishing conveyances to' and from the station at fair-fam- ed f . 1 I M &1 1 a Woods Cross. V V. The good order and good feeling which prevailed everywhere, tended, to awaken thoughts ofji rjoapjeasiQgnature, while beholding such Immlstakable evidence ol the progress of tbe youth of Ztou, and the lips are led by the heart to say, uO jt b jys and girJs? God bless theml" . Jjc-ul- Pit MARY FAIU AND CONFERENCE. . Upon anterfni? the bull iing where the fair was held in Bountiful, and' viewing the various Article 8. UfcA'Ui and tHiallttfiil. inAriM hr thA . K11f. '. reu of Dvia County, from four to fifteen years . J . il ui nitoimgui ueugoieu aumirauon was ex" j)erienced. Tne next thought was to wonder lt- M i . 11 1. A. JI L. Greenb Richards, S. K. Greene, M. W. Wiixj.jx. . Visitors from Salt Lake City. turs mQliue.s - w , ' ' " ' My dear sisters, I take a great pleasure in writing a few lines to you by the dictation of the Spirit of God. I have thought for some time that I would like to write a few lines to the girls,and I hope that Iwill write that which will be for our best good, and that which will sink deep into the hearts of the young, for I feel that it is a very important subject to talk upon.in:cur meetings, and, that is, Pride and Dress and following after the style of the outside world, although you may tnink that there - ' . " , 1 - -- H. M. K. RELIEF SOCIETY FAIR AT On the 7th of August and the three following days, a ladies fair was held in the Relief Society's store, Coalville, under the manage-men- t of the Relief, Young Ladies and Primary Associations of Summit Stak- e- The proceeds thereof to be used for the purpose of purchasing glass for the new stake meeting house now in course of erection at Coalville. XThe opening; ceremonies were conducted by Frest W. W. Cluff, who in a short and appro- priate speech stated the objects of the fair, and complimented the sisters upon the display oi articles before - them, which, he said, evinced great taste, skill and ability on the part of the donors. The management of the fair was under the immediate direction of the Stake Presidency of the three associations, the tact and ability with which it was conducted was shown in the fact that, at the close of the fair not a sbgle ' " article remained unsold. . At the inception ot the project it was thought that if the sum. of five hundred dollars could be realized the originators would be satisfied; the interest and zeal that was shown by all the ladies interested in the project is forcibly shown when the net proceeds exceed the contemplated amount of seven hundred dollars, the suip actually ' realizellDeing over twelve hundred dollars. Great credit is due all the associations of the Stake for: the liberality of .beir contnba-tion- s and for the interest manifested to make the affair a success. Many: articles of great - , -- t . - TO THE GIRLS. bow the enemies of gnod works can bring thefr Hps and their pens to say that the children of of the Latter day Saints are wanting in Intelligence, ftod tbat they Are not lneructed in thoe their na iiugi wUica will teu.i to ilrvtlcp hqJ virtuej womaalincts and pulty, it ?id!eoes is the parent of vie ia durmutbc its pppos;!e. And howln;1us-triuuthe litfle foSks lo DtVs County mcslhav been to have aooomliihed all this! Bealdea a number of finished quilts, some of ce season. ? A 1 cdl-fersn- has been nough said on that subjt ct . I sotue- -' times think. th4t I will never say any more about it, but it seems when I am dictated to - talk aixut it that it is right that we should teach the young these thing?, that they may prepare themselves for greater things, for iJ e has call d us from Babylon that we may not partake of. her sin3, and share not in her plagues; but I think, when.! look around and Zl see the way the daughters "of ?ion pattern after" the world, that we are not much better, and I know that it is grievous' in the sight gf God the way His daughters.:ares3 and "spend- - their ' time in tilings that are leading their minds from that which will, be of more use ; to them in days to come. I think our time is too pre cious to waste on these things; the Lord har blessed us with our time to improve every opportunity that we have in learning and doing all the good we can; in learning to dress plain 77 and neat. We can have nice Presses if we can afford them wUhout going beyond our means, but we must use wisdom in making them neat and plain. "It fellsltTTnlhe 3rd chapter of Isaiah that our earrings and our bracelets and our different suits of dresses will be taken away from us . in the last days. Moreover the Lord saith be- cause the daughters of Zion are haughty and walk with stiff necks and vaunting eyes, walking and mincing as they go, the Lord says that He will smite with a scab the crowns "of the heads of the daughters of Zion, and these will surely, come upon us if we do not take a differ- - . ent course. There are some; of -- our older listers who are placed to teachrus that do not set very good examples before theypung. I think we as presidents and counselors should set patterns before the young that we would not be ashamed of, and that we could talk to them on things that we are nouilty of ourselves, and then it will do more good. .You must excuse me for taking this privilege of writing to the Exponent for the first time, wishing you success in your interesting and valuable paper. - , : tmeh Msh hanued murder ill be toratfd? Dear Indy, the Constitution o desr and sacred to every crue lover of liberty hHS been: violated, and the escutcheon of our ?ce free and happy country stained with the blood of martyrs for the trutu of God,. and if thre is no Justice granted you in the land of ycur birth, appeal your case to the Cjurta above; xi ere you will receive retribution upon the!.uiii nf thnaa who' Visva a.v strnallir rinmcxA gi ni, there wws micard iOhlTba&sted" Can i t li aprons very little girls. Ther and underclothes, made by girls very. youngtand the hand ewli)g cpon them so r.cat and stroDg, thatirseemed wonderful. Stocslcg, mittens, cite, pin cushions, iron holders, lace work of different kinds, shell work, carpets and rag', mottots, artificial flowers, ornamental I grass es doll dreeaes, drawiogs and colored pictures, maps of Utah and other portions of America, bread, bqtter,fruits, vegeUbJejjjcreen "JdwrjowTIuph oil t eiTdiofa7 for pa cu tg piece of wood, adebics, mats, and other varieties of work, all done. b? little, boys and girla,' in a style that wutjll""do credit,' in msny ivj;i and the loa cf jour two eon, who were i sisinated by a ruthless smob before your own ye?, to asy that we truly sympathize and cen- -. Jole witb7yoa doe .cot begin to express our Thoughts and feelings. Our prayers ascend for Vciu, dear slater, that God will console and com- - . i t Ll 11 i you m mia moat sore ana Diiieroraeaj inai .s come upon you for. preumfg to worship j.d according to the dictates of your own con- : k, b HV, the undersigned, having heard of your if at sffl ctfon and sorrow in tfce w ound you re- - L eujjeilly nin js ni, muU treat variety of jalch-woiU '" ; 