' jK. V' '. - 60. 4':- TJIE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. yet It will have Its bearing upon the future and Will awaken hophta that might otherwise have ' - a, lain dormant. Mrs. Lcckwood shall have our beat wishes for, her succaes as a nominee for Presiden t, and we nave no doubt aa to. her abillty preside oyer: the affairs of the. nation. She ia fearless for whitchdeema right, and rjkAkal'foiru0 and will maintain her rxsition on any matter of v importance with quite as mach Independence of character as any man Her Washington, life has initiated her intomany knotty points in the " political issues now- pending in Congress and she is, by means of her intuitive tacand grand opportunities, pretty well acquainted with the genera business cf the departments"' of State, In her manner she has "the ffjppearanee of a military efficer of high rank. She is cer tainly a woman of superior endowments and attainments, and if a woman were" eliglbIe,,to be ' Presid en t of the United States, tfcere could ba no good reason why it should not be BsIva A. Lock wood. ; At aDy rate it is something to record the nom Ination of a woman for a position that has been always filled by a mtn. But times and things are changing and woman'd hour is near, and Mrs. Lccawood dees but anticlpatelike some others, livIngJooineaiLthelfntuiehe fee Is t he- spirit of progress that Is revolutionizing the old and breaking in pieces the Iron rules of tradition and Cfumbling to atoms - the theories of statesmen of olden times. A new era Is being ushered In and women are born with hearts as large and alms as lofty, add courage as undaunted as men .women who d tbeir own thinking and Who are not content to eit and dream and wait for the good time coining, but who will themselves open up the way for the advancement of others and thrust the tickle into the field of ripened grain. They may be called innovators and extremists, bur, neverth eles, they will stand ougrandly in the future and be applauded as benefactors of the human race, for what lifts woman elevates roan, for Is she not the mother of mankind? Mrs. Lock wood nomination we call out expressions of will, ardently hope, sentiment and opinions upon the woman suffrage question, that will eventually reeult In great good to the cause and enlighten a class of 7 ; flHELISE Editor. H. WELLS, Sanvete Stak'o Woman'd Conference , -- ; In Bait -- Lake City, Utah " Terms: one year, 3. 00; one copy six months neicdpj k:Z.06 Ten Yopies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: par month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to renlar advertisers. : 4 in brick EiPOSKsriOillce, building north of Z. C. M, ; liABt Temple Street. Business hoars from 10 a. mto ' ' 5 p. in. every day, except 8unday. . : Address all business cqmmnnicatloBs to . Publisher "Woslls's Expowkct, f - Bait Lake City Utah, r ; ' JWlshed seral-monthl- y, . - SALT LAKE CITY, - SEPTEMBER 15, 1884. MRS. LOCK WOOD'3 NOMINATION. The following telegraphic die pitch speaks for itself; and opens up anew phase of the presiden " tlal campaign : Waehirigton, 4. Mrs. Lock wood has written a formally accepting he nomination as the candidate of the Woman's National Rights par- ty In California for the office of President of the 7: V United SUtes. Washington, 4. Mrs, Lcckwood says her an and civil service; policy "Is funny;" and that her Indian policy Is "good, sound sense. I make a bid for all voters. I wih German, temperance, monopolists, anti monopolist?, capitalist and Uborers. I did not know," she said, "how7 to get around the Germans, because I'm temperance; so J said that due consideration will be given to honest, industrious, home loving Germans." Mrs. Lckwood'a Utter from th Western womerijBays that, she waa.selected for. President because Elizabeth Cady Stanton was "too old," Susan B. Anthony "too much of a spinster," Mary A. Livermore "too opposed to certain classes," and Lucy Stone "too narrow." The new candidate wrote a letter to her western friends asking about the Vice Presiden-- 4 cy, and saying it was an important and serious question. No doubt Mrs. Lock wood is in many, perhaps most respects quite as capable of occupying the honored position of the Chief Executive of the nation, as many of those who hive figured In that capacity. She Is a woman of great ability Mud her brain is as clear and her reasoning as as that of a man, she talks not only aa logical as but fast, well, her language is as good, and she hits the nail on the head quite as often, and, hits as hard; she is brave and fearless, but she is a woman, and that any woman should aspire to the position would be sufficient to condemn her in the estimation of the masses of the people. Yet they are never weary of extolling Qaeen Victoria, and even go as far back as Elizabeth of En gland for an example of woman's great-nes- s. Then why not a superior American woone man, manifestly Just as capable of holdings :" the reins of powers aa VIctorlaT One would say, perhaps, Queens are b n to them, it is the royal blood; but the blood of free-doIs inherent in the veins of every true the Republic, whether man or woman, and though greatness may not be thrust upon one as It Is upon the English nobility, yet why should not one attain to eminence, even though she be a woman, bydlllgecce ' In study hag the questions of the day, theneeds of the govern, ment, the best Interests of the. great common-wealtand political economy and policies generally. Although the nomination maVttnf stlrrfeig wnjeation "at the present tizne Je t ter . t 1 7-,- to-nig- : T--r ht m citi-zen- of h, . people who ' ' :- "sit In gross darkness"- - on this vsry Important subject, one which in Its bearing connects Itself materially with that of many.vital matters, that stem up. the tide of human progress and advancement. EDITORIAL NO IE9. We have received from the N. W. 8. A., In pamphlet form, a complete report of the Sixteenth Annual - Washington' Con v?nliolDrheld March 4th, 5th, 6th and 7 th, 1834, with reports of the Congress. The book is edited by Elizibsth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony, and published at Rochester, N. Y. It is a very carefully prepared and elaborate work Forty-eight- h and contains much useful information on suf-frawork, both In America and Europe, In the speeches and letters that are given Jn full. Two letters from Utah are given, one from Mrs V' B. Wells and one from Mm.' A n ni firuJ j vm 'MB3. E. R. B. Bmnii President of the Relief Society, has prepared a list of the names of .all the Stake and Ward Presidents of the Relief the valleys of the mountains.. It la printed on sheets and a copy will be sent to the Presidnnt nf H " OAU m buuu as pracucaDie, fV ibb woman's Conferecce of this Stake or Zion will be held on the 19th and 20th Inst., in the 14th Ward Assembly Room?, commencing" at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m, ' . I ge So-ciety- . . ln cjm-menc- ed cn the Bisters Elizi R. S. Smith and E. B. Wells of this city' were pre&f at, &ufeMigmji. ljbta ja? bold some other StQeiufivrUI SpT meetings in the settlements in that county. , ' The W ha held on the I3ih7and?l4th inafcJ fn Tootle. Visitors from Salt Lake are expected to attend. 1 Two new books recent from the JjT-venile Instructor Office were laid upon our table the other day, a favor which we very willingly ly-issu- - ed acknowledge. One ls;;entltle(!, Labors 'in the Vineyard,' and la the twelfth'book br the Faith Promoting Serie?, and is a very excellent little work. The c nttnta are: "My Experience in ; ' Spencer; "My 8 wiss Engl nd," by C. Wliliani" Budge; ,rrhe Faith of the Zunis, " by Lie wellyn IJarrls; "gkeich of a Well spen t Life," by . Harrison burgess; ."The Lira's B'esaingB," by Amaea Potter; "Results of .MU-sion,"- by -- Eisobeidjce are well calcuTatfcd minds of the children and young people of Zion, which ia a very desirable objtci to be attained. ; Price, 25 cts. The other little work is in a :pamphlet form and is the "Public Discussion of the Doctrines of :the3o6peI of Jesus Chriftt, held In the O den Tabernacle, May 8 and 9, ' 884,' between the Rev. Richard Hartley, Pastor of the 'Baptist Church In Ogden and representing the ters of the various Christian denominations in the Territory, and Bsn! C. Rjcb, son of the late Apostle Charles C. Richand, an Eldeir of the Church of Jesna Christ of Latter-daSaints. ' " " 20 ct Price ohi ;l-- . 1 y ' JChis discussion is one of the best, thing our. young people can read, arid it should gteaily our young Elders to know that this young, unlearned youth could, through the Inspiration of the Holy Spirit which rested upon him as a servant of God holding the Priesthood, en-cours- ; ge ; , so readily bring forward each conclusive evidence without hesitation, and to the astonishment of those who had been engaged for years in preaching the doctrines of the Latter-da- y '' 1 Saints. ;f J Miss N. Vikqinia Donaoiie and her sister, Miss Hallle R. ponaghe, from Colorada Springs are spending a few days in Salt Lake City as a sort of rest and for recreation, to take in the points of interest, and see for themselves some-thin- g of the people. They are stopping at the Spencer House. Mias Donaghe was formsr ly one of the editors of the; "Daily Republic" at ' Colorado Springs and has been connected with other papers and is still engaged in journalism, and will write egme letters from Balt Lake' City. We have spent -- ery"rpleiisant evening with these young ladies, and found them very Intelligent and free from prejudice; They we're for: V merly from Virginia. On Tuesday we had an exceedingly pleasant call from Mrs. Felix of Chicago, a very pleasant and most interesting lady, a , member of the N. W.' S. A. and Woman's Congress, also the ChIcago;she Is thoroughly interested in woman's work, in education and charitable institutiont. She had heard considerable of us ' through th e Worn an'g Cori gress and National Woman's Suffrage Association, and felt that she would like to call; She expressed herself much pleased wl th the way in which we care for bur people who are in need of asslttarl ce, "also wjth the privileges which womehenj by m bar "community. She very dordlally --'mvlted usto visit her at her home and seemed as friendly as she could possibly have beeh'wi0Si:,, maa"who not. a.Mormoji..:-- ; u' 7 7" 1 1 " La-dies'Clu- : -- : ' 