.V ; Vol. 1:3. No. 7. have 1 I have tried loYe, and I" ha vo' known love fail; avo trusted friend?, ami found lhat friends forgot; tionght help from ray own heart without avail : UIU faifeth not." 3 .. "Ih; tyran nicnl intentions. !lAhlshci3 gonel: I will folPool,t.ylct her get the starFof-nie- ! low her. No, that would proclaim to the With a sheer he replied, "Nav, I will let her go.and say she and her daughter are gone to visit friends." Shc -has no relatives.. Some fevej shall take them off. I will go to their mock funeral, and comb back a disconsolate widower. Let them go! I ea n u ot give u p my. reputation. - I am confident my wife will kee her word." lIeink.T "world my disgrace. : lt, His word Is trnthV "" . -- not." failt-t- h is your husband, we had better take our innocent laughter and start for Salt Lake. You would be a paragon of a first: wife, and then my lady need not blush tor her husband' supposed ' .frailties"-. "Think not, sir, to intimidate v. by your sarcastic evasion?. Neither do I cojneide tlt-yoiHn your ironical "similitude?; I abhor plurality, but better be in" Salt Lake where ; men acknowledge their wives and .children than be subject to the eternal torture of know- ing of your husband s infidelity!" "My learned "Keith.cr hy day 1 "tko polluted name to pass my hn Aye!.)lu di,JivpoontOyf:rour-wifr5- r madarIdid not blush; but" as you arc soVlse as to understand1 so well the incongruities of ; In &orrow'and in j y, I allowed 'Jmiiiation." 1 or night, jo figvf or yGuth. In X)verty, and in the fairest. lip.-'- . let all otlvr comforts 2:0, : other promise uiiii'cry JMy eouJ would eit and ein, breathe I Lnow ' ' "He fuilelh not " If I jnto mohair- a truth of her statements paralyzed me. - -wi- were-forotr- . " I canot tell what winds of Ciod may Mow," Vhat eafe or perilous ways may be my lot; But I tavc litHo cart, for this I know rr -- Woman's Journal."' A BY jj DAY-DREA- fl. h iTo t7r" T ' "propose roa as a lady champion for the Mor-m-people." "Better, sir, he the champion o ple who follow in the ancient patriarchs foot-- , "thaube associated with those who seduce the steps innocent and then trample their victims under their. feet." "Cease your insinuations, madam, or you leave my .house and go with your fair daughter." The lady starts V her feet, with flashing eye3 and d'istended nostrils, like a lioness at bay,' ready to Fpriii at the destroyer of her young, with her face'ablaze with anger, with one foot put forward and one arm raised to heaven, as if to curse the smooth faced hypocrite before her. She stands for ajiioment looking at her husband and the father of her child. Perhaps some thought of heV youthful days, when all was bright and happy, the remembrance of the 'pj jf her liusband when she presented her first and only child to him, of the proud delight of the father and the crowing of the babe when he would pl.ay with their darling,, passed Kkc fi fleeting ' sunbeam through her fevered brain. 13ut it only stayed the curse. Her arm drops motion- less to her'sidef heY''couhtena!kc becomes livid; she looks like a living corpse. Her husband's face becomes as ghastly as her own, and his frame trembles like an apen leaf. At last u ': m fa-peo- M. ELIZABETH LITTL Concluded, At that moment a dignified man of forty entered the room. His raven locks and dark, Hashing eyes, his grand step and haughty mien, contrasts forcibly with the fair, lady .before himV He stands and gazes.on his heart-broke- n wife with a curling lip for a moment. Then, wi th a fctern look and voice ejaculates'Madam!" With a half shriek she starts to.her feet, and, hands and beseeching look she cries, "0 Arthur, where is my child? Give her back to me!" I turn from the lady to the husband and ah! I recognize him as the des-- t royer of the poo- r- gi rl -- I- sa w in t h eg t rcet . With the cold, sinister look and modulated voice of the educated, hypocritical libertine, with, outstretched ho , - cxciaiius,iIadam,vW'hav'eli6'lid!";Darn not to call that shameless girl your daughter! Speak not her name in my presence?' "Arthur, torture irie' not" by these 'hearties., words. Think of her' youth' and iundcencfe."-"Madam"No, Arthur, you forget yourseh!"' it is you who forgets. You know- - how pure she was before you brought that and child-lik- e libertine to our home. You know how'fascin-1 jating this-ma- n fang; of his treacherous wiles a round ; the heart of our innocent5 child. How often.-hav- e I plead with you to have him discontinue Jus visits here, but you pooh, probed and said a grn - good fellow-a- nd iT ' where in Arthur, pity tell mo my daughter.isz will humble myself by . '.'For once, madamjT speaking of this innocent girl. I have engaged one of your strong-mindewomen, a philanwould term as I have given her.', thropist you , her a sum of money to hide hereharae, that I may never see her more. Her name is Mrs. S." "Arthur, dare me not too far. I am bur a weak v. email, but I arn a mother stilh" "I tell you; madam, you have, eo child. Nevrr mention that wanton's name in ray presence again." "Inhuman father! how daro you call that child a wanton? O man of profound eru- dition ; u hi ted wi th virtu cs or excellence , k now, then, thaf I. am cognizant of your incongruities, and that your supposed virtues are opposite to your real character. Arthur, you have a mistress! I have known it for years; and I have entTercd the torments of hell from your 'infidelity, but never before he was a- -- tic-man- - d - , dia-metric- ally 'did.". airy chamber, where lay the dying girl. When sho sees hervmother she cries, with outstretched a rms, "0' ma , ibrgi te -- you r poo r dying ch iid : thankGod I see ybu" Mychih ,my-bab- y! -again, but not dying! My darling, Uve to your heart broken mother!" "No, ma, it is better so. I could ' not' live and bear this disgrace. Liy my head on your breast, ma, qs you used to, and pray to our Father in Heaven ; to forgiveyour poor sin fud child. There, that How I wish we could both go toNow Jay mo down on the ji)low, put gether. ! iimw.i. your arm around me, youfrtciJ)j:iJQ.iueisAs ms; MaTNowr will go blesj"p:r-an-d "lorgi vOiTmf aud Tilease, Lord," take ma with ,me!"- The lady cannot speak for 'she knows thi.i is death, and a silent prayer ascends to heaven that the wish of her erring aud persecuted child may be gratified. When Mrs. S., who had left them, come3 back, they both lay apparently asleep, so calm and tranquil do they, appear. But it i3 the sleep from which there is no awakening, until the anirelfshall sound the trump, when ail will be judged according to the deeds doneJtvthe body; when the wicked will bo sentjreverlast- ing misery and the' righteous to eternal life.- - - - -- ; -- ' - ---- -- he-use- c TivAV'ILS . shall not go! -- tdaimingr-r-sS- he I" will' t trosininor n't- be disgraced bv "ai'Ibrtlinir a community matter for criticizing, my. domestic ii fK licities. I will confine her to her room take her to Eutffe." ectrs his wife'ri ehamber, ir.Uiiding io cnf;rc -- to--nig- To-morro- w x ; They h asten up the stairs and into a light, ep voice issues from those frozen lips, low and sepulchral, but with r.ich woe and pathos that it is enough to make angeis-we- ep tor pityTauir send the cowering wretch before her to tho confines of the damned. "Thou guilded L to sepulchre!. go my daughter, and I pray the Father of the innocent, that the same grave may enclose both mother mnd child. Never will I see your face again. If the Lord, for some wise purpose, prolongs our blighted livrs,. wejviH seeksome iweig row and seclusion-- we may Mind that peace. which ha3 been denied us here. I curse you not; let your own heart be its accuser." With a yearning look of love and agony she glides from the room. 7 reaches she her chamber; She Quickly takes a change of linen, her purse and casket JLLjiiwIs, and places them in a small valise,' doiu'a water pronf cloak, a hat and veil, and before her. ahno.-ftilently weaves trie paralyzed husband has time to think cr .rao7e-When ho had. recovered from the stupefaction into which I113 wife's magnetism had thrown him, he star's to his feet. In a paroxysm of alarm , lie rushes from the roonr ox- - What -- - bo-pe- . ;deyil told her of my misalliance! I thought I was .safe. Had I known my gentle wife had such power of end u ranee, yet withal such- - a strong mind and will, I would not have carriecl measu res with such a high hand. She nearly took my breath with her indignant reproaches. JSut it is past, and there let it rest. I follow the ladv about a half a mile, to the suburbs of tlie city, and with ex hasten up the steps of the cottage. The bell is answered by a servant. The lady inquires for Mrs. S. The servant answers, "she is very much en-- ; paged; I am afraid she cannot see you." The lady gives the servant her card and bids her hasten with it to her mistress. We wait but a minute in the sitting room, when Mr?. S. comes rushing in. She takes the poor mother by tho hand and says, "0 my dear lady I am so thankful you are come! Your daughter has just been delivered of a dead babe, Jind is in great danger. The poor girl has been caUing for her mother,.but I did not know where to find you, or know that you would come ii' I - BEYDNDTiE MISSISSIPPI. - i BY JTEI .E MAR WHITNEY. (Continued.') 1 'resident Youn: and company did not over take in till Thursday, the Oth. Father en camped the day before near a spring at the head of a ravine v.ith some timber near bv having travelfd but thirteen miles in two days On the .second da'y wo were joined by Cobnid, 1 -- 