W "24 Ma3-"coc- to tell liow all performed and who did best, for all did excellent-IviUiiig- h dfcstikue all that took place' find of-th- e a little Mormon," the song, "I'll nine years, siiag by Miss Sadie Stephens, aged and accompanied by her brothery Wm. W., be ipyerrtrrrrtecn: with t rtrrpienmra -- rendered in splendid sty le and elicited great applause. Khoda By bee gave a recitation which produced much merriment, as it was rendered in a style entirely peculiar to herselt "Kincl words can never die" was rendered by seven little girls aged from six to eleven years, and their sweet voices blading with the notes of the organ produced strains that were truly : akin io heaven': The evening passed agreeably, pleasantly and profitably,and" all went to their homes wiser if, not tatter. Wishing tho ExroxEXT every success, I remain', your sister in the Gospel, Eva Olsen, Secrctars'. ' a 1 g-r- -- , y 1 ' eh a hih-- - PHYSICIAN and SURGEON Oiiice :;nd residence, Main "Street, in the new MorC- - M. I. is biiiiaing, neariy opppsite-ZS PKCI A L AT TEN IU N GIVEN TO . A.D OBSTETRICS ; peeled bys pure, virtuous and exemplary lifi:, faithful labors in our Society, and the many good qualities she Therefore, Be it Ilesolv.jd, That uv, tie. in- rubers of mourn the the Y. I., M. I. A. of Yirgcn Ci!y, do c-p!y loss of our bclovf d fci?tnr, Kyt'liiif Sli it, and that we In tbtirgreat loss; condole with h r husband ftinl ls but while we mingle our tears with theirs, we would point with joy to the .hope of a glorijus resurrection DISEASES '.OF :Wltt MRS.' ROMMIA B. OFFICE 15 GODBE, " lli-- ; : CHILDREN; AND PRftfTrMrC, i PITTS CO S - Bl'lLI'l.NG. . 10 a.m. to 0 p.m. Residence, Twelfth Yard, 2d Sortth IStreet, tH?t. 5th and Attention given to lica'?efl of the houi-pfro- (Vlb-Eas- t. 1.. . SiH-cit- EYE, EAR, NOSE AND THROAT, Telephonic Commtiniaiio!) lictwiK:n Offict) and U'euIciw, SAT 1S6S- - LAKE CITY, Utah, IMPUFvTEKS ASD-JOBDE- OF RS which all true ! Saints possess. - And, Be it Resolved, That v.c preseut a copy of these Resolutions to her husband. Eleanoi: Owens President, .... , Latter-da- - r : HEAVY AND 811 ELF " glass and A KDW AKE, 1 1 .. . QUEENSWARE, .. y GROCERIES, GOODS, NOTIONS, pY fri-nf- TOOLS AND IMPLE--- - "AGTlTCITTjTttAT MENTIS " . .. CLOTI I AN D C LOT 1 1 1 NG, PURE DRUGS' AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALT, PAPERS, ALL BirrsT A. V. Kicri:, Agses Richakds', Counselors.! ''SUCCESS." GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. We call the attention of the ladies to tho fact, that Bro. fhomas Harris has been for g some time past following the business of and furniture of every piano, orgarrs -- more compIeM T Wa carry a larger west. Ricck than s.i3 Iioufc In the poli.-h-in- ei . "7"r;"""r 0. - Mary Stewart, Secretary. SISTER EVELINE MATTHEWS SHORT. H. s. ELDREDCE. Sup t. He attends to all workjfjiolishing pianos "and organs for 1). Calder, and i3 fully competent to do whatever may be entrusted to him by those needing his services- Any orders left at D. 0. Calder's music store, or P. O. Box 150, will receive prompt Your sister in the Gospel, Special to the Ladies vTEASDES AT 'Will be "found tho latest' styles and pioducyons in wife of "Sister Eveline Matthews Short, died May 17th, 18Si, after giving birth to Sister Short was a darishtcr, which was comcwhere between Utah and born about the year California. She belonged to one of the tribes west of Utah, as her parents were Lamanites. Sho was Ptolen Troin her parents by the Walker Utep, when about three years old and taken into tbe southern part of Utah, ... where 6he'was adopted into the family of Bishop Grover, of Kanarrab, and received a good education. 3ho was iv faithful and true Latter-daSaint, and died with the assurance of a glorious resurrection with tha redeemed of tho Lord. Tbe funeral services wero hold at tbe North Ogden meeting house, on the 10th of May, 1SS4, in theprctenco of ft large number of friends who had come to pay the laet tribute of respect to their departed t'sicr. The were conducted under tho direction of F.lder'Robt. Q. Berrett. After tha usual opening exercises, Elde still-born- " - alHorber1indnirTTrnri disposition, her .Ever praying for the success of the Short - gloved OF PALESTINE' TJlJinSTS,"with ejigravings of George A. Smith, and Loren.o bnow, bound ill clolb, $1.25, jn pihrocotf,- - ,1.50 Bteel . it x st'l The following Mctolutions of Kcspcct to our beloved fitter were unanimously adopted and fcuntaii rd by tho Young Ladies' Mutual ImjrovcmeHt Association of Vir- gen City: ' Whereas, God, in Jlis infinite wldoinba! called from our midst our sister, who was greatly bcovt d and res. The V, L. M. I. A. of the First Ward of Prove is in a flourishing' condition. There are seventy D imes, enrolled as' members. Average attendance hetween thirty and forty. We have a paper called the 'Diadem once in two weeks, which the young ladies-wr- ite pieces for. Our President, Pauline Hardy, is always punctual at her meetings, and tries to make them interesting as well as instructive; in fact all the young ladies are up and awake to theiruties, and bear faithful testimonies to this great work in which we, as children of God, are engaged. In financial affairs we are not behind the other associations; we have donated $50 to the Stake Tabernacle, also some to the Salt Lake' Temple and Deserct Hospital, and are now go- -' ing to help build the Brigham Young Academy hy donation. The Exfonent comes regularly to hand, and we are always happy to ve 1 . '"' - ... re-c- mlt ;i)EN per topyrt $1.00, POEMS, byK.li. Snow, Yol. 1, ' ! YoLJ2, contaiu4H engraving ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, -- Editoji Exponent: e , em 25c. 40c. 1 No-on- c - 1 and 2, MirSl'J BOOK for rriinary Hymn Book, ' 7 . " rillIAJlY JSPJ5AKER,! Nos r to-rai- d i- t , MlmihMMQm CORRKSI'OSDENCK her-religio- the First Ward hejd The 'ii:ng ladies i CFt th ei r yrarly ni ng on W-e- n esday,- - A pril a rks :G thTi -vt ry- -i n teres 1 n "were made by. Sisters Zina Young, Elmina Taylor, Mary Freeze, Elizabeth Howard, Sarah Graham, Margaret Steel and Anofe Brown." About forty sisters. met at the house of Presi: (lent Graham and partook of a bounteous repast, preparatory to starting to meeting, Flora Musser, Secretary. l&a.-J-J?4i- Tbiy-willno- p.irl'lhey are vhenf nation! wHlJ born waver in thi-i- faith as we cJ. y " -- tly. 5TT5nt BOOKS L l Elder II. G. Berrett had only a short acMnainlancc with ' Sister Short, but be was satisfied she war a good, true could have more and faithful Latter-daSaint. joy and, satisfaction in the Gospel. She did not covet the wealth of the world; her whole soul was wrapped, her greatest "des iroleiug to know lip in whether the Book of Mormon was a trua record. In answer to prayer and fasting the Lord gave her a testia family, but mony of its' truth. Ilcr wish was in the providence of the Lord she has called away in the bloom of womanhood. Many more good things were said snggestiw of the, regard in' which our dead sieter was held, and also words of condolence were, spoken to the husband and relatives. The cortege was then formtii rind the reif t resting-place- , mains of the- departed followed t .tlit-twhere' the coiiln, which Lwa?jtt-rW(H,m!J' decor:. li!re"aibejKrf--(l-jy.'r.?s v.' -- fttwPIi '(.airiully depoptted ' FIRST' WA11D8ALT LAKE CITY. Far S do at t Ms, (Iff ma, k inhabited ihisraTr(! to take in thl great work in a - . OS V &X EX P Gqtl agist.--Kldeflftrcocqar- flien-tio- uof wy-to-ma- ke N'S - A delivered an appropriate address. The Amos speaker rejoiced in tho :'iospel which plain!" all. on. an:' equality. There is no distinction madtr and njo snch of J'tus cla?s fii th: thing as a special prlvile-tner iffnce s surrounding the early life of onr drputed filter, who was a descendant of the LamaniU1?, and spoke at length upon the promises that, were contained in tins liook.of. Mprmon concorniug the remnant of people who once to tbe management aud showed great care in training. It would be'usegpo attemi)t 0M Au-gnst- SPENCER HOUSE. .: . y fer-vict- B We are so often spoken to in reference to a good house to stop at by strangers visiting our the tettlements, city, as also by our people-frothat weltake pleasure recommending the- . "Spencer House"' as thoroughly respectable, - clean and pleasant. The table has long borne the reputation of not beings excelled; the - grounds are the largest of any hotel grounds in the city, which with its extensive lawns and a abundant shade trees, make it most inviting resort for tourists prices are reasonable.. This house is situated on Post Office Block,. 251 1st East between 2nd and 3rd South, Njs. ' " and 252. m pre-eminent- . LACES, RUCHES, EMBEODEIUES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And an elegant assort men f of ' - QOODS. pecial UepartmenOorL'i "f ant's Shoos. 112, 1 14, 1 16, 1 18 East Tnple Sired. Auerbach & Bro, . ly of A Full and 'Jomplcto Stock MILLINERY. . Goods ' Sprinp and, Summer - AND LADIES DRESS TRMIRGS. CALL AND EXAMINE. 