; for works of taste exhibited, punctuality at ..meeting, and for the songs, pieces, etc, so well ' rendered. One feature of the presents, they, were mostly gluss ware, and showed an eminently practir-- i Cgl fitness me V T"wed the existence. Mexican painting is"a child of the and-nogrand old Spanish national, essentially a reflected art, characterized by knowledge'- and refinement, vitality. Ifneeds to come in contact with art abroad, and receive a hew transmission of school,-provincia- l .' . ;.cuttin"bf (iake),rb1ei. etc., audrtk :; contemporary energy. dents haYe"onjUiJUii i - defettive'in cc4oFand -- the sentiment which, from color. Old springs Spain spared to Mexico some of her ablest painters, a.3 well a3 many masterpieces which were scattered among the d in" " OBSTETRICS MD--VII- MISCELLANEOUS. 1 i3 Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Mary A. Li Lucy Stone, and a vast array of gifted women everywhere, are bringing to this campaign an earnestness and an enthusiasm that is a new element in American politics. '"' While I . would not venture, from an interview that was merely a personal and private one,' to relate lIrBlaine'sprivatehversation, yet I can hardly refrain from noticing the high and gen erous appreciation and the noble recognition that he gives' to all these eminent women, whose words have weight and whose characters stand for all that-ihighest and of best repute in -- s womanhood. Lilian Whiting. "The San Carlos Academy of fine Arts, in vLthoAtec capital, celebrated its centennial an- -' nivorsary years previous to our national centennial, and while young nation such a thins a3 art could scarcelv be said to have an iuur A.VD TAMES D Ac , CIIIEDEEX. Sc CO., STEAM FITTERS. LAIS ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, CITY. D e ' . .1848. iff H-B- - aB- " SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF DRY AGRICULTURAL .. It becomes our duty to again record the death of one xof our beloved eisters. Ana Robinson, wife of Charles Whittaker, departed this life Sept. 18,lSSi, at American . Fork,' Utah Co-.-, Utah. Deceasedwas born Sept. 10, 1S10, at Sawley, Derbyshire,. England. Embraced the Gospel Dec, ISoO; emigrated from Nottingham in 180:3. She was a faithful and efficient teacher in tho lUlieLSo-ciet- y of lLis"place7and, though sorely afllicted for a number of years, she bore her afflictions with fortitude, t;and attended cheerfully to her duties in tho Society whenever her health permitted. N N She leaves a husband, one daughter, several grandchildren and a number of 'friends to motion her loss.'" - it ' We carry a larger and more 5" Stock than any house Jn the west. AT TEASDEL'S Will bo found the latest styles and pioductions in EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, LACES,' EUCHES, . x Ask yonr grocer for "WAY UP," and accept no other, ir your groceryman does not have It tell him to1 v Q f 11 i O- Special department for Ladies' Misses' and fant's Shoes. X P. O. Bos 504. & CASE, X SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. In- 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Street. X Auefbach & Bro A Full and 'Jomplete Stock of eSMJ . M ILLINERY. ' Goods Sprint and Summer 4 SMITH And an elegant assortmenf of s Way Up" Baking Powder. Complete Satisfaction. Supt. Special to the Ladies, FMOBtJjCTI. Asa guarantee of faith they agree to refund the money for every good can sold which does not give complete H. S. ELDREDGE, Featherstone. When the Ladles of Utah can an article of werit which isnade here In ourprocure midst is it not their duty to at leastsogive it atrial? when it costs nocmore than foreign Especially gOo1, and is guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SMITH k. ?f SaltLake r lfacture and introduction of the engaged in the ...... TOOLS AND IMPLE- - PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL 'GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. OBITUARY. HOME lOCMES,: MENT8, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, ...... Emma GOODSJOTIONS, HEAVY AND SHELF II ARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ' e ed the conduit do you not?" corrected Mil- " dred. Oil City Derrick, as.-? ' W05E1 OP Mor- - high-scho- ol ' DISEASES IAVID JA!iS:,.E:x, 305, Mix in warm water, cold in summer, with yeast the first time (after which always save about a teacupful o the dough, which is aa' infallible rising, and does not sour the bread). Lto' not bake immediately after tho dough Is up.' In working to put it up in the drippers do not use one Bpeck of 'dry flour. Tut on the dough a leacuptul or more of water, cut the dough loose from the sides of the pan and work, It until it does not adhere to the hands or pan. Do not try to mouM it into loaves, but turn it in one balk from-th"pan into the dripper; put immediatelylnto a hotoven and bake for an hour and a half; then let the oven gradually cool down for one hour longer, when It may bo taken out. It is very essential that it should bo baked in this way,as absolutely nothing else can impart such a fine flavor to the bread. Helena Madsen. Cur grand business in life.is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand. Carbjlc. ' "What has "become of your society for the suppression of slang?" asked the girl of her friend Amy "01i, "it's gone up the spout." replied the latter. "You mean, 'ascend- of the aid women are bringing into this 'canv- " l.f0 ent . I fancy that Mr. Blaine recognizes the value 1.25 for RUMSKY'S celebrated LIFTand FORCK PUMPs. Pump Repaired oh ,slort noLlce. Orders from-thcountry promptly responded to. , trial among our enterprising housekeepers, the readers of the Exponent: Who bravely dares must sometimes risk a r fall. Smollett. ; ASD TI NN E R, CAS, WATER The reason why Graham bread is not more extensive-- " y used; is perhaps because so few of us know how to make it taste so good that wo can let it take the place of white or fine flour bread or at least a place on onr tables. While I do not presume to be able to tell my j)JLgrah.am JbccaA jqxi tho systems of our bodies, twenty years of its constant use In our family may perhaps entitle the following rccip8 to a Heywood. .' V Office and residence, Main Street, ln'tho new is bulluing, nearly opposite Z. C. M.L SPECIAL AT TEN ION GIVEN TO Gunnison', l$8i. Editor Exponent: . 1?. per copy PHYSICIAN and SURGEON GRAHAM BREAD. . races 40c. -- churches and convents: fli the land. In the war of 1857, when churches were pillaged, hundreds of valuable Works were 'destroyed. .The French invasion with Maximilian added greatly to the ispoilation of these treasures of art, which were carried out of. the country." us The cause of women making swift progress in Norway. Sir. H. E. Berner, a distinguished member of the Norwegian Parliament,has been successful, this past session, in opening up the entire University privileges of the Christiana University to women. Mr. Berner has also obtained the enactment of a law by which, after passing due examination,, women may nd pharmaceutipractice as apothecaries cal chemists. Mr. Berner has been instrumental in forming a society in Christiana for the advancement of women. In early Scandina- vian history women were much freer and more highly considered than in any of the Latin 2-- -- priL'e-eannotJb- more-populo- TlilMAKY SPEAKER, Nob. 1 and 2, MUaiU BOOK for rrinmry Hymn Book, TOEM3,- by E. K. Snow, Vol. il Vol. 2, containing Steel engraving of the author, bound In morocco, CORRESPONDENCE OF V A LECTIN E - -- TOUKI3T3, with 'eteel engravings, of George A. Smith and Lorenzo Snow, 1.25, In morocco, , bound in. cloth, .i l. in oiu masiers. ine. pictures are aamirauie drawing, and have a fine feeling for for m, but lie " -- The San Carlos stu VSm 2 Office, BOOKS BY ELIZA R. SN0Wr g graceful . Far !kto at this t hut-Jack--in- handing ; around by the little" .cooks; "please taste my cake," "please taste niylpie," till you almost ate, if not too much at least to gratify frolic were the. cook. J?or. some hours fun-anthe order of ihis merry, vivacious crowd. To the p r esid en cy, Mcsd araes Heywood, Mi AUred and Andrea Whitlock, too much e given,thoughMnjthe geograph- ical heart of this county""no one calls to say, "How do you do," we mov, live and have our being and our own fun as we make it. We are promised the railroad here soon and perhap3 to stay awhile, when 'we hope Jtq see thelect ladies get 'off the train hot to be whisked, past ui to places. We 'sometimes: the small. fry in a crowd of feel likp bigger ones in a procession, the larger ones get. in front of us and we don't get to see the elephant at all. D. Candland. " "'' 7 Chester, Sept. 2D, 188. Written by request of President Emma . , EXPONENT. W O MAN' S SO r-- mm j fiND LADIES D R ESS t&L. ClVLIi AND fR IM fR EXAMINE. i 