 r ' .' : j. H -- and M M,MM Sweet - '' JiY HANNAH T. KlSfJ face came hack, .and threw her downy mantle ' "if1, ver-mo- rc inHo4eayee-qnrtc7 strike twelve ! another ycaris ! gone -- - Yes, passed mid gone into eternity As fetars fink Into p pace, as morning - . ' runs Lack Into the moonlit past Ab natural as it draws, the light of life , Kuiib down the vibta of recorded tirao .' :jr steps meandering have traveled oVrV 1 lie voices and the music float again Over tbe retrospective ear of love; Filial, parental," and fraternal love. Our ear is qnickcn'd, and those glorious chime?, That eret Hog iu tbe new auspicious morn, JJnrsl vividly from out this page of memory, lij tongues inppmimg vun jiio arfl.40.j-- . The mind -- Wfl -- txt arid nnnn H. .. -- to-daj- Yonder . long way off, r gee as 'twere of almost my infantine days, . . Guarded and tended by the eyes of 7'-love, Thc yo'ue of wisdom, and the hand of care. . And yonder, far away, I eee the dark And gloomy .pots I traveled o'er in days Longpast-e'- en in my childhood's hour-lo- ng ago: How they broke shook my heart, yea, brain, my -- And left ' me like a stranded bark upon life's dark and turbid waters, and I see, E'en where I stand, the spot where It was staid. I seem to hear a voica that said, "Be stills ' No more contend to mix thy waters with, Tbe sweet and sparkling river of her life." And there its waves were etay'd, and still they stay; And on I pressed, and worked my heart and 1)raTri To make "gome flowers spring beneath my foot. I can sec the little altars-child- like That I raiscd-wher- o'cr I went I had a shrine; fie earth my hassock; in the sky was God, Ibe Temple of my worship and my love! i'rajing for light, for happiness and peace, " Struggling upward to my bouI'b desire, " Thro the chaotic mass of childish ignorance; Thus I retrace 7 course of life, : ' On, 'and on, till maturity was gained, And peace and eatlsfactlon were ' attained. a : " . my-youthf- Again Hook, and lo . a mighty change that changes all my course of life 1 gfte the pathway broken up and Ad pitfalls all around that frightrongb, my bou!, EtoItcb ' ! . gazing still, a mighty sea I cross, ith all its storms and tempests overhead; "' And then a rftnse of mountains we must cros;8, ut flowers, and birds, and natnre's beauties t?naZ arod the path interminable. XJw we travel bn for days and weeks, yea, months, any "His that flesh is heir lo," And bitter sorrow, ougb, that death closes np that sccno for aye: - Wi? ; J father. braIn 4rd,-Eavc- mercy ; hoId-1- T Irish." r time and all eternit- y- "ixii, ' indicate myself, my all, to Thee! and Mnd me peace, Th?' f?ea5e' thy peace can nevcr ghn or take awav. ' . 60fJ, calmly, eertainly it cam,, dleUUIng like the morning de- w' i rm 'mja mUo wit la7C(3f : " ' is limited in his powers . - ... . blos-somasH- self-sustainin- God-fearin- g -- it with anything but the strongest -- weapons." Well may we say that J ustiee-anEquity has ' iieu irom.tne tana. Ttlstbeduty of the President of this' CTand republic to, deal impartially with the people nnder his supervision. I am led to draw a dif-ferent conclusion from the tenor of his mes-- , sage, as in the case of Alaska he exhibits a fatherl y care for their rights, and recommends -- And ?D'Of0ld 1 116' No. 15. tion giving him the right? Even a. President when he attempts to In reading the 15th of November number of the what law; pervert part of the Constitution the Exponent I must say with you, that the of the United States is it that affirms the intime has come when to remain silent would be capacity of a majority in any given locality of an "ignominious reproach," let U3 therefore its own affairs? The Constitution gives the people absolute powbring Truth into the field to grapple with "and down er throw the over their own domestic arrangements, and F'alsehood, gauntlet m defense of our own honor," in the defense ...of who has the right to take it awav? Who iravo our homes, our chastity, and our liberty; in the" hemnheTight to send our avowed enemies to defcn?e of our children's rights, born under the rule over U3 without our consent?, And must we submit? Is there not a God in heaven bright flag of liberty, the ensigin of freedom to whose arm is strong enough in the defense ot all nations, a3 the haven of rest for the op the oppressed? When the Saints were driven pressed of all countries. What was it that infrom their homes in the . States into stigated the Fathers of our Country to revolt a howlinz wilderness in the Avlnter. Was rule of to the it against England? ag who in all this great nation held forth grandize themselves, to gam conquests, to gain a helping hand to protect them? Even territory, to place crowns upon their heads? No, It was to throw oiTthe yoke of bondage, to , the widow, the fatherless, the aged and infirm? None. What did tho nation say, " Your cause burst the- fetters of slavery, and to jstand on is just but we can do nothing for yov" but we God's arth free men; free to think, free to act, will take all, your able bodied men to fight our (as long as they did not infringe on the rights of others) with their souls untrammeled, their battles; you must help yourselves, which we consciences free to worship God in their own did, the Lord helping us; He -- blessed His peoto establish laws for their own best inter- wavr ple and led them to this land which then be...t longed to Mexico.; What did the people do, ...est, independent, of the whole world. For this did they raise the flagSof Mexico and revolt they bled, for this they died." This was the against the government? No, they did not. spirit and intent of the men who framed the Constitution of America. Then shall nun, beThey proudly unfurled the stars and stripep, and planted the ensign of "freedom in this ing influenced by the clamor of those eager for mountain retreat, and on their sbended knees FK)il, drag .out the foundations and undermine than ked God for this haven of re.--t; vowed to the structure of liberty, and destroy what has defend it with their lives, their all. Then to cost so much of life and treasure to establish? eecuro good order in their new . country they Then .what meau3 the stringent measures proceeded to create a, government which was which have been enforced by the commission, Republican in all Its parts, and being no law in . or. by what right has a,commission been ap.the United States with Regard to carriage (only pointed? What have we done that we should what is called in England, the common law) be treated a? enemies? What law have ve which was, that every State orTerritory should g broken? Are we not a people? Have we not (being qualified) asked to be adregulate its own marriage laws, therefore they " felt at liberty to marry according to the-iamitted into the great family of States, presenand will of the Lord, which they had a. right ting a Republican form of government? . Have to do, and claim that the celestial law is a ten' we net suflicient. population? Are we not an jn et of our religion, and a matter of conscience dustrious people, and an honest people? Have between U3' an d bur God, and t h at n o nation , we not buil t up a desert and made it "to no Congress, no legislature, no man has tho rose," built towns, cities railroads, ; right to cu rtail us in t h is matter, as it is ex echool houses; and do we not encouragejiduca; pressly forbidden in tbe Constitution4o-ma- k( tion, advancement, .euterprise and honesty? expose facto laws; we believe it right to sustain And have we not facilities for a the Jaws of the land, but we do not bel ieve community? Yes; and more, we are a that men have the right to bind men's souls. people. Then what is the matter? In reading the News I came across some Oh, you believe in plural marriage, and claim clippings from Henry Ward Beeeher.in which you have the right, but we have, decreed he says, "Its ignoble origin must not lead us to and you must and shall submit, or despise it; it is one of the great forces of modwe;wiH go behincl the Ia'wand institute some ern society." What does he mean? Does he thing similartolhe'old lawflhe" Inquisition. ipean that because Joseph Smith was of hum President Arthur eayir, "It is wele? to at tun - law-abidin- Tnn-t.Qn-- 1884. having-thright-tocont- rol -, A spook . OF THE PATKIOTS. Dj:ap. Editok: ' iiiiiiI'ii'mT1'"" . ! . 'iiii'iimiiiniiiiii i'ii'ii.'ii'.l measures for their protection, but in the recommendation for Utah he manifests .the oppo- - ' site spirit, almost a tyrant, seeking to deprive a whole community of their natural born rights, making them slaves to opinions formed ; without knowledge.- - The President has no right or au thority to assu me absol u te control 7 of the affairs of Congress without limitation; he. has ho right to interfere with the personal rights of the people without - judicial - trial. - l ife ia a mystery and thick the veil . Tat hides tbe ppiritnal from the actual, A c nanny now and then emits a giimpso' f glorie?, which e'en imagination rails to grasp and rivet on the human train, Mis lik? a twinkling vision of the eye, Evanescent startling- - thrilling and is gone. A DAUGHTEH T"1 -- mm 4 In prnlnnnnn' Our eye the eye of mind feels strained zing on me uatK mio jar pasi. ua:ijjg We try to crowd the past Into a thought, A retrospective thought, and live it o'er Again but the Lrain grows dizzj refusing To embody it but memory rises up, And by its mystic aid I note the Sunny spots the sunlight, still upon them; And tbe flowers of memory still cast '. Their perfume; e'en to where I taud AVith all the mystical associations- ' .'. ' That flowers like music ever bring. nwiiji"' mniiini d Clouds may flit above my head, around my rath I5ut never can I euTor as in days the things that were for aj'e;" 1 6tiir am h imin itill may err unwisely, Yes, fct ill in full may lack the attributes'. That make indeed a Saint of God complete; But still the pwcet a?6u ranee has been given . That . trngling on the vict'ry I shall win, Tf earmly; Vrayely si niggling to thVend. : The clock iiMinmiiiiinirii'lwii'' th'iEighte SAlMAK:irCITyrUTAH, JANUIIAY1, ME DlTATl6NS":pF, .ilE..- NEW YE"'AK: ;' Vj',' tte JVomen: of Ziony The Eights of . ' V j -- g he 