i WO MAN S EX PONENT . a hymn composed by Elder Jaine3 A. LeJsh- man. .j- :; ;;' THE WOMAN'S as men, who ate the Interested forties, to give their own opinions, in .their own way, that the world may understand the views they entertain r upon thete matter?. , ,'., x- ,. Live and marriage are twp. vefy: important r "In a.ges past, 'midsterror dark, pur tbcrs. Jived and died," ''- Editor. ' - Oty-Ut- ah Published smojifiUyia-fi- al Tprms: 'pe copy one year, S3. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten coplee :fo'r the- prioLPlPSt.jj?rtj8M-ig-ISIirlGowr-teuiJineof nonpareil space, one to time, $2.50: par month, $3, 00. A literal discount - -- ' y ' " j: regular advertisers. Expohjeut Office, in brick building north of 2. C. M. L, IJaet. Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to r ' '5 p. m.'every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to fr- -Tublisher Womjlk's EirosKJcr, s- i( ., Salt Lake City Utah. .. t-L- renz) Snow addreesed the congregation. It was timej j'Went cf sacred thiDes ' : . salt lake city, JUNE I; 15S4. jre1dent J ohn. !TayJor:ma TEMPLE DEDICATION. ' . The Dedication of the Logan Temple, which took. place May 17th, 1SSI, was one of the meat remarkable', events that tis tranipireJ In the hlBrory.cf the Charch. It is' the grandest edifice of its kind that has been erected in this V JtJ?3na.iurLiacxr and" knowledge intelligence from heaven Will be .received in thaiheufce, dedlea ed bjr of God mi to the. Most High, with solemn and impressive services. --'These wha were present ori that s nbjirae .occasion and witnessed theimpofeing ceremonies cannot but fee", that It was one of the grandest epochs of their lives. DonbtJees thousands ,cf the Latter-da- y realized i moat. emphatically that the Lord accepted the tiTering made to Him in the povrer of , the-servan- ta. at half fast ten a.m , sonl-lnsplrir- g, President John Taylor presiding. . On his right hand.tat his Fjret Gounse lor, George Q. Cannon, and on hia left his Second Counselor, Joseph F. Smith; Tres iden t Wllford WoodrciT and Apos- tie LoTcnz) Snow, of the Quorum of the Twelve, also occapied eeats ori either tide of the first of the Preaidencj.: The different :presthodd were all represented by the presiding' officers,' C2ordlng to their regular order. The Temple and every thing pertaining to' its dedication bai been graih:ca!Jy written up and ; published In the feveral daily papers in this City, and in Logau,0leu and Provo pspers,and no.doubt all our readers have already had the opportunity of perusing all the details in print, et we cannot pass, over this eventful circa m . etancd without rtferring to the Wlyect, as it im-- . preaiEd'tbe writer rftmostJojclbIjtmaoner.: Kever since the time whea 'wo witnef sod (the remarkabonp might say rnar?elous occuracca which transpired in Nauvoo at the time when the mantle cf the Prophet Joieph appeared to plainly to fall upon Brigbam Young, have we eeen any manifestation of divine acceptance so distinctly clear as during the deduction services in the Logan Temple. A sensation as though myriads cl angels were in attendance and taking co'gnlzince of that which transpired, i The hymns ung at; the dedication were written expressly or: that purpose, and' the music was home production. Toe first hymn was by Eldar H. V. Naisbeet, commencing, ' surrounding country with its pacefui vales ba-- 1 low, and stupendous mountain-heights- , our thoughts and emotions were inadvertently drawn cut in adcrition an i praise, and the grand, prophetic poem of W. W. Pheljjskept r ngicg and echoing through the mind. . , j . "Come swell the grandly solemn strain Within these sacred walls A -- to-day.- 'T The dedicatory prayer was offered by President Taylor, and was so complete and perfect that it seemed to comprisa' everything on earth and in heaven pertaining to the DfTeriug of the Temple made to "Our Fatheron that grandly auspicious day for Israel. After the prayer the choir sang - - " . 4 -':-- - ' r: - " L--o pline, the character and elevate the soul. Through this principle of plural marriage wulubu will eventually, be redeemed from the curse placed upon her, and this is worth all the sacrifices it is possible to make. Theraare many arguments In favor of a plu rality of wivea, but to give them In detail would take too much space; suffice it to esy, thoee who have undertaken to establish thla prlncfple have not done so. without an understanding of the great blessing it would eventually ba to all who would bs born in the new. and everlasting cjv- enanr, and the practice is not optional with the Latter-da- y Saints, but a command from God, which they consider as binding upon them, and they have rtcdve! it with as Eacred aeellcg as ; they went down into the waters of baptism. It ia the sure path, thai will lead to exaltation and eternal II res; and to all who will live for it God will give that Ustlmony which will enabla, them to comprehend how and why It is a saving principle, and calculated to preserve and prolong and Increase life, and raise up a purer genera tion af people, with more of the spiritual and -higher nature, and even this One consideration, were there no other, would be worth the great est effjTts and best endeavors that maakind ' could make. -- i "Exalt the name of Zion's God, Praise ye His nama ia songs aloud; Proclaim ills 'm ajesty abroad 7"" . -- "The towers of Zion soon shall riso Above the clouds and reach the skies, Attract the gazo and wondering eyes Of all that worship gloriously." fa, t glorious hymn, composed by W. VV. Phelps, The Spirit cf God like a Are is burning was sunp, the congregation standing upon their feet arid Joining in the singlDg. The effect must have been most for the hymn is one no Latter day Saint can ever hear without ven feeling stirrea to tne deptns ot tils bouJ. to refer. this as a recollection apos'ates hymn which thry csn never quite blot cut of mem ' ory. Iu going over the Iogan Temple and viewing it in all its grandeur from bisement to towers, and gszlcg from the hlihest points upon the : . "Adown the aes that hath run,, . ,, Like thread of gold In Vesture rare, A memory fondest 'neath tho sun, 7 On history's page the one most fair! Ia's greatest works beneath the skfrs, 'Aiid Salem's towers its glories rise." Busday morning the dedicatory eervicis wtre . repeated with a change of speaker?, and again on Monday, in order to admit as many'&s pofs- ible to partake cf thd blessings of worehlping -- .uod in this hallowed place. the Holy Spirit manifested through His servants on that memorable day. Service commenced less life Is a sort of blank; A woman who ha never really; k3wn the3ehderne3.of intensely- Jovlr.g has toucs'y arrived at the Tilghet degree o earthly, happinfess. When has realized the p6wer.prtha.tiru? and constant Jove which attracts one to the opposito then the desire of becoming united through the marrisge ceremony natura'ly follows. No life is wholly com- woman'.' life, hat pRto without raairlagfv reached itsul!est and highest realization until Bhe has attained to the climax of her exlstenca 7V through a true. marriages The first comrcandmnt given was to multi ply and ropienirih the earth; it was given to men and to woman, and if equally Ihcumbt-nupon each.. Ha3 woman th same oppcrtunjties to cury Into clleot this command as man? Iiy no means. The traditions and customs of, modern Bcc'ey are all against women, and In favor of men, but without disenseing these, a9 there ara so many points to be considered, we will cn'y Eay that God has revealed in this dispensation, through His servant Jcsoph Smith, a bitter way, a higher order of marriage, whereby woman lifted upon" a higher plane, and have may greater opportunities for advancement than she could possibly have had,, save in exceptional instances, In tho world. Alrfady lhe?e things are bcomijg apparent and the sacrifices that women necessarily make are only such as' disci -- tte clCBirg remarks, and the assembly joined him in ..repeated Hossaxnah to- - Ge4 and; the Lamb; wh'ch thrillingfy echoed" through the magninceni nan. :r The closing bjmn, composed. by Elder H. W. . is aisle tt, was rtndvrtd by the Lcgan cliolr in a most rapturous sty le, as though they realized, the full force cf the solemn yet Joyous gntherlng. The words are beautifully appropriate to the taeme. We give the nrat verse: . rf Presidents George Q. Cannon and J oseph F. ake i . - r Ye : banner-bearin- g messengers." . The hymns of praise, the solemn nraver offftr. Jng the hone unto the hV st High, the words of tne servants of God who officiated on that m . orable occasion, and the thrilling Hossannahs of me multitude, must b 3 vividly ImnreBSed nnnn every one who hai the spiritual and emotional nature largely developed. A FEW THOUG Htg. The BulJ ct of marriage is one that as ever engroasea cjnsiJerable attention, an ni w.hi!emn h&s an existence. . Mormon marriage Msmg peculiar In many respects U at the presi en i time very extensively discussed, and the sentiments of the women of the Church are more or less inquired after; and while the eloquent orators of the day select Mormonlsm as a tneme ror public lectures and discourse. n A the great statesmen of the .Kepublic are mak- mg laws lo regulate matrlsge among the Mor mons, ii noes seem apropce for women, as well -- NELLIE WHITE. Nellie White, the you rig lady recently sent to ' the. Penitentiary for refusing to answer qn68 tions asked-hety the" Grand Jury, U a very pretty and amiable, as welj as brave and deter mined, young woman, nineteen years of sge; fine specimen of a Mormon girl," and zealously devoted to the aith of the Church She has been,for the past two year8,engaged In teaching instrumental music,but had just open ed a.sch ool in Wanship the day before she was sujoened to appear before the Grand JuOY It has been eta tedjtha tIisa Wb itelia not tqba allowed the privileges which were given to Balle HarriSi of receiving things from, her friends to make her prison life more endurable. Whether this la ac-r 