' .W 7' P;M'i JS-- X P O -E N-- T. N E 0 tlio Li'rning of the .tliird dsy, Monday, rrd;t. QAjiCprjjiejitadhe-report-s the'fe7efal stakco of .Zipn and of the Primary 1 G.-- ' and - f... - iiSibiitLad" iij Salt Ltk3, City, Utah Terras: ne copy orie year, $2. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten ioples for the price' 61 nine. Advertising rates: Each 8 .pare, ten line3 of nonpareil epacc, one eemi-iiiontM- y, . -- . par; monh7$3. CO. A liberal discount to ' regular advertisers. "Exponent Ofiice, in brick building north of Z . C. M. 7.7 llast TcmpIe'Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to-- ' 5 p. m. evtry day, except Sunday. Addrcstraii Ircsiirtss COffimTrttRailSFsTo Publisher YoMAN,s Exponent, - Salt Lake City Utah. time,-"Sgi- S - HALT LAKE . CITY, OCTOBER . 15, 1SS4. s. Improveraent Ar and al?o a genera: re.-- t .of tho lleh'eT. iJocletyj after vhfclv ApSatlea F. 'f. Ly mn aiid G?crga Tcs?'ja'e addressed the confertneer 7 7 In the afternoonji 7filpclaTfei)or trwero sXibmri ted. A iisi of mi.3." a.cnarie namei were called and a vote wa3 suit iia the b.'cthran who .had 'bssa'. eielect-- . ' ed tog) "to vrKn-- paHs of tho world to preach the G.;i e.V "rTeiiJent John Tylo? thra addres3c-- the congjegition. He explained' the lofty purpose and design of our Father in the creatbn and finftl redemption of the earth and Its inhabitants. The order end organization of the Church and tha divine power and .authority of the Prisst. hopd.: His sermon was po verfu), impref Sive and CDmprehensive, embracing many topics cf Baints and also vitaUnterst to the latter-da- y to. sll mankind. -.Tuesday, Oct. 7. A. large number of mission aries names wie presented to the Conference, and the brethren sustained by unanimous Vote. President John Taylor addressed the assembly, alluding to the misrepresentations circulated in regard to this people, jandjijpoke ofth.e.corrupt-cWditrclQdrtwot id at large. Prest. G20. Q. Cannon read scmo statistics which had been published in Ens tern parers, relating to the Immoral condition cf society in the England Slates. Prcst. Taylor dwelt for a fa w moments upon tho immorality exls'. iag there as set forth in these .etatiatlc and spoke of the chsa cf that are anxious to regener-- : ate tha reople'cf Utah; he.denounced mcstera-.ik.ticatii bIom u.Kt wera enumerated In the siatistica that had been read,and warned the presiding efficers among the people to attend U their datls?. Presi deut Tayior for eome time, also, upon the temporal affairs of the people and gave much timely advics, encouraged ia his remarks tho efforts made to promote home manufacture, and spoke of the facilities in the undeveloped ;por.tiori8 cf the country for those who were cut of employment, the need there would bs cf all kind 9 of Itbjr; referred to the carelessness of the, people in paying up their indebtedness to tha Perpetual Emigration Fund; admonished athe peoplo to ful91 all duties as " YaaDg-"Lidies,..MatU9- j ons T - . tak--tm-- to . - in its growth and developmeutTTThe meeting was in every particaUr calculated to promote the prqsperily and ' : hpLubJjgn.Uaii ", d lTheJcmjA.h.nia&.1 (for; fr.rchso4iaJj.-- 4 b cne cf special intact, aa abundant outroarlrg of the Spirit cf the I ord b;icg rnan- ites.U The attendance was large, people b swing rorua all the way from Colorado, Ariz na end J$sw Mexico In the south, and also from the ex- iiremtjncithemtakes :oiZfcn'-:a- s - wellr There : seems to be an increasing and more geiursT (je- sire on the partxf rtheLattefJay BainiTto live theirreligion and keep the commandments cf Gsd than thero haa baen in tho past few . The preaching during the several dajg of Conference ha3 been almcit entirely by the Firt Presidency iud Apes ties, who epoke with great power and eloquence, in language calculated to awaken the people to a Eenee o? thedutifg, obligations and rcsponsibilitlL resting upon them as in 'eetab letter rday Batata ana God cf tho . limbing the kingdom earth. , upon O2 Saturday morning Apostle T. D. R'chards, delivered a very able and powerful disccuise dwelling mcstly upen the trainicg and csre of the children of the Baints, giving much good parents cn this subject, and pointing out the duties of parents in 6 specific a manner that all who -- heard mustuiiJerstand; he referred to lif-sbcfr- ye-us- . eo-woif- cers ad-vice-'- to on J flre3ida toechiii, al- -- so the PrirafaryAsscciotions an J Sunday School and urged the parents and guardians of children, the influence cf horne to sea that tbey attended, thesa institutions, AVhtre they would ha taught those things that would lay the foundation whlchwould promote tii best interests of alFhere fiud heieafler. Treet. George Q. Cannon followed Apcstla Rich ar da and preached one cf the most feubiime-J- y cl.quei:t and powerful sermons it lies ever been our privilege to hear delivered by a Proph' ' V et or Apqsile. ln t he afternoon the au t hori tie? cf tn'rChurc&n were prtetn ted to be - vptcdn pony anil ta llfere were one or two vacancies in the Quorums, those were filled in 'the usual manner and tho vote of IhV Conference called for to sustain the appointments made, which were: Elder John Morgan as one of the seven Presidents of Seventies to supply the vacancy caused by the death of Elder W; W. Taylerand as tho Presiding Bishop, Wm. B. Preston, had Icet hia First Counselor, Bishop L. W. Hurdy,(deC6asid) left a vacancy which was filled by appointing Bishop II. T. ; Barton First instead of Second Couuselor, and -- thus -- rc q air ir g - the no na inatlonT of another to thsVcfCcs, and Eider John Q Cannon was ap pointed 'to fill that position. Apoif Jes Brigham ; -- Young, Sloses Thatcher and Albert Carrifigtcn cicipied the remainder cf the afternoon speak- - p:rtant subjects of . general interest to the peo- ple, home manufacture, employment for. the uuemplojed, building up the country and home iu&titutionp, etc. ' " he woulJ-bo-reforme- ja ny Baints. Apostles H. . J. Griataad J, W, Taylor each mada afew appropriateremirkj upon spiritual matters. The" Conference adjourned until April, 1880, in the large Tabernaclejainging by the choir and cloning benediction by Patriarch Joha bmith. BUND AY SCHOOL UNION. On Monday evening, 06t. 6th,the meeting cf the Deseret Sunday School ;Union was held in tho large Tabernacle, General Superintendent Geo. Q. Cannon presiding. It was semi-annn-- the largest meeting al of the kind ever held here, theimmensetuiidingand galleries were filled, Saveral of. the Apostleaand many of the leading men of the Church were present. Excellent music was rendered , by the Union bras3 band and the Logan choir. . Brother-- Evan Stephens and Sister A, Cowley sang a duet, "God bless Lour mountain home," with chorus by the choir, which wa3 an iatere3tiag feature of the meet- - Jpg. Renmks yera maiflapproprlftti-.rr-- th occasion by Prest. Geo. Q. Cannon, Apostles E. Snow and and Eider John Mor- ' W.-Woodr- uff, gan. Many pleasing incidents of the Sunday School work were given in a manner calculated to edi' . . sncce33 of the Institution - "otjfljii3MJthrinT' structor has been a great blessing and benefit to the children, and the books and cards pub- - ' Hahed are an Indispensable help In the work of improvement in an Intellectual and spiritual direction. It should ha the aim of all Latter-daHintstoaid by all means in their power the brethren and sisters engaged in this Iiudablo effort to instruct the littla ones and the youth in '' the ways of the Lord. y " - OCTOBER CONFERENCE. ' fy and enconrago thoso engaged jnthli JoJetl- t.Tc"r aTiiorig the children of Zion. Elder Geo. Reynolds read : a japer which had been prepared by acomniittee,givinga complete hhtorlcil revuiwof the Uaioa from Its ilrst or- ganiz at ion, can tAW&g.jited su gges tioni and changes made from- - time to time, the definite and faithful labor of the several committees and help3 tha't had been added to the organization ; THE DESERET HOSPITAL. Abont the middle of July the Daseret which had been previously situated in the T welfth Ward of th is Ci ty, was removed to a building in the Seventeenth Ward, for several yeara occupied by and known a3 the Deseret University Building. , It ia a very desirable location for an institution of thia kind, standing at the corner of 2nd West and 1st North Sts. Thero has been quite a number of Improvements made in the building, and it ia really a pleasant home for the efflicted, though there are other improvements quite as necessary that will be accomplished as soon means can be obtained to defray the expenses, To those persona who desire to ail the suff 3ring and allavl-- . ate misfortune, here la an opportunity to bestow of this world's goods and help In establishing a place where the sick and injured can receive the best medical and surgical skill and the . most efficient care and nursing towards their, recovery. i The President of tha Hospital, Bishop II. B. Clawson, visits the institution himself every day and leaves no means In his power untried to promote its best interests. The Board of who have been associated with the work from its, commencement, meet regularly for the transaction of business, and the ladies of the visiting committee visit every week and report to the Executive Board. There ia a competent resident Surgeon iff the house, and physicians who are well known in tho medical fraternity, vfeit (rugularly and talse a deep interest in the welfare of the fame, there i also a steward and- "atrThYwTtlTcmiutent nurses and other helps who are under tiie direction of the matron. , Morning and evening prayers are regularly attended to, and all patients who are able are expected to be present when .prayers are cflered, On Sunday, meeting are held in the large reception room, and tha sacrament administered to all in the hoaee who are member8 of the Church. These meetings are tinder the direct supervision of the Bishop of the Ward, Of lafe there have been esveral donations of .fruits, flowera, money and other articles; all these things are very acceptable and there are no doubt many who might give without impov- . er!8hing,and it would be a great blessing to help forward a work of thia kind. I The ladie3 who established thU Hospital in May, 18S2, and have weajthfoliy-With-an- d foT itwrnldlebeinnlng, know better than any one else possibly can, what a struggle it has been to obtains means sufficient to keep up tbe regular expenpes. These Jadies, among whom ffe must not forget to mention the venerable Preei- dent, Sister Eliza R. S. Smith, who resigned Hos-pita- . : Di-iecto- !, rs, . , 