OMAN'S V TIIOUailTS-OIi- .: THE FUTURE LIl'K kd the love of a : kind-hearte- ONE NT . KX-- Father in heaven d M i'or his children here upon earth. The people in Sweden are a very indu?tt Lous and , peoj)k, but work for very mal l; wageswomen ...and childrwi as welks-iiien; we iaw gmall boys about f even: years old AVhn wiH.Mis dream .of Jife jo oYr, I bleep to Vafce iw mores? W1k7h I the' eotf 'And. vhen hlfi p ...There we saw' all specimen.? of: iron work, from th smallest article to the largest manufactured from iron. Wood work, glass work, copper and chinaman made,'.-ithe vicinity of that khuh of .horses, cattle and ani- ;pfai-:A- ; hard-workin- g u " and upwards with4oJheaj tiw-rineci- Tlip fleep'tf death, "that Tnnibf.r deep, Which knows for the faml, Sleep th.it annihilates the whole? Oh! no, my PoriUuit hterirllccrre ""T Hath not pine forth.'- Mark youdi'r tree; Tho' death lialh laid its hrancbes hnv, -- In kindred diist within the lade, .. . Those' from tho grave fibalt gain A lifo from death, a home again. . Perhaps from out some glittering star ;f Thou'lt gaze upon this world from fary And wonder how that tiny hall Could era. Lave held the soul in thrall, Or from soino tpherovof flowing light, '"Where day eternal drives thr higjjt, Thou'lt watch this much loved mortal worlfi To chaos and to ruin hurled,,.. f hed n Fingle pitying OVr what was once esteemed po dear. OlVivar-&iuldI- , then, fear to lay d astinkiudred-t!Jaj---- -. J? I'll AtPJiW-T- i Since Gad, Himself, the promise gavo Tiat I ehoiild live lrti3'onti . Ha gave that promise cro lie. Kiit My fjirlt herfi to dwell, or lent m iygrotf-IMy t'oul a home. whir-Aiand and love faith," grace, Ulow, Till after pain and pleasure.o'fr ' . t .. - l:e as ng warm-hearted- - . , sp-ndi- e.-.t-;;l . hu.-band'- s, nt " lias-give- "T 7 ; means Improve i4if - To keep my hea "clfiiltcrjfij.oye;.....-.- " ''llevcii't"me here a cross to hear," And all Ills cLildrenV trials lmrtv, ' TT.e every talent He To lead my sisters 'on toward heaven.. Then I my Savior's fa. o may sei-- , Thitnf other who hasHied for me; And w hen He comes Ui earth to reign 7 I'm ay bo thara '"to twill His strain, To live that thousand years of peace, When sin and eorruw liud surceas', Still tarry with those Saints who w ait His advent at the golden gate, And find myself uplifted Mgh To share Ilia Immortality. that same God without a body nas able to out His. almighty arm to help any in need of help.-- In the afternoon we started for London and arrived rather ln!.e in the evening . nt sca-ickn- Who knows aliNldngs will bless our desires to do good everywhere. .. ... E. H. Bim. X the-Britis- res-poctful- ly ell I remember two years ago wln n I was oil a visit to Sweden at my pateiv nai home, it was the last day I was TeTbe at my . I low v. to-da- mere, ami the tweet little children of my hrjy tlu r's. 0, how many times I took tlfem in my arms and Jdssed litem good-bjron that grand day in my native land fit was a midsummer 'dny.h everything is ;so beautijul in that country. The fields were all in blossom and the S'.ngs of birds of various kiuds made stich sweet melody in the early morning. Jt .was vuch an enjoyment to be among our friends and partake with them of the good things prepared to nourish and strengthen I he body, which ijiey so hospitably extended for our' , ii comfort. Oh, that wai people, i ieh and poor giving bountifully as I visited them" from place to place talking about -- the Gospel; how' my heart did burn, with love for them,' talking with them Sometimes by the wayside, or iiaing by the waters of the beautiful streams of my dear native land, "oh, hew I felt a deep desire that they might wish to be of thu Go.-pwhich was may that sown in their hearts, grow; and the tiniv come JleIL th ey ? illJb a read y to cm I irace i t. I c$ bap--tia- el d, I'lah. - . : -- -- - .w-r- k g Mrs .Miriam G. (lajc, President of' (he Kc-; licf.Soctely of tho First rard in this city, has gone to the State vi Vermont to v visit" n la- lives there, and gather up geneah'Lrv Thci ' - Javrnlci we vUHed a large copper mine which yields some gold, some silver, and some copper. We r.W visited extensFvairon mines and large foundries, where the big hammer is preparing moulding the 1oh bars of iron. Mv husband z was very pleased to see this hind of work, and said he would not i kptohave mi?cr-d-' itGi:ux-v-a--IfomTFanuTw- e in the ci'v f Oafle. saw" Fa a-n- d -- 1 - ' fnnidor Oflke has valuable works. "0; son published Pratt's" Vv'orks," a book of ,'Ji i page.-- U a very useJui t)ii containing autliitative totfmonv : bv the bite t(e. mcj A i'ctU :Orj"i Pratt,- wlmvj writings have ever In Ni i'uil of , tul In Sweden, in the city of Falun, - whif h contaiin, suifaliio, a.noth' r littli:. pieces for ppeii king' iu children's rntcrfainmcots plea-juetc., and helps to make .vaiicfy fl r. the exercised of the little people. Vim,'!') cts. - in . . 1 " l:u.-ban- e - , 1 . i ; The music book prepared for thewc. of Sun day ocuoojs contains some new pieces by. home uuioors ami is wen wortn tlie price, oO ct. "Madame Anna Bishon. 'the prlfhrnfp1 - ... . . i . . ' 1 if ot. stress ami Tlinguist, died a)ojUcxy at iier homo in iSew lork, on tiie2ol!i ult. ITeeTrniTons and iJialo'die.-.ii- ih ,.f . -' ' - EDITORIAL ITOTESr utiful the-I5ea- e. .were on the wuter going and coming quite as muck as one montli. My prayer is that God . VISIT TO SWEDEN. ng Returning miionaries, on tJre "S7 WyomingQar trijrover tlie sea wa.5 not a very Ieas-aoiui tu. mo because of We - 7 ed d a : -- pur-chas- arieHtoppcdltrtTrc Teniperaiicc Hotel, opposite the great Northern Hotel, there was a great traffic carried on there, and the electric light front the street-waquite sufficient to light my room; it was very beautiful, never in my lite have ! seen guch-sight. Myhusband had friends in Loudon that; he made calls upon. We went outto hunt up some of uur relation-;- . Yye visited St. James' rark and niailv , other t beautiful places in that great city. A eTwent to Pimlico and saw the' large pork? pie owned by a cousin of my the establishment where it is said there are made 0,000 pounds of pies hi a day, tiiat are sold in the pastry shops all over London. They are called "Wathliyg's pork pies," We dinel with tlie gentleman owner, Mr. James Iiird. He has a very line establishment; from there we went to the. .Clap'ham lioad Station to see some more of our rela-- . He weltiveSj my sister and brother-in-law- . delicious strawberries comed us .with a box of in his hands; the meeting was good and the greeting was loving. Such varied changes of scenery: no tongue can tell, no pen can write the charms :of scenery of Isles. Wherever Ave went we were received and found' friends, and whenever we had an opportunity to reason ujon the principles of tl.e Gospel, we did so. Wh er e vc r jvct r yell .eiijcajn..ui)tat-4r-"witthe lan- different nationalities, many--od guages I underMood, though my could only speak Lnglish, j and wuencver I -spoke to the people in their own language and told them of the truth of the Ge'spel, it was to their astonishment; and I am thankful to God for the privilege I hail to go back and pre scut myself before my .friends and rtdatives iir Sweden and other places, that they could see for themselves that I had not been "food f r the fishes in the sea," as they had feared, as a friend of mine had told the peojiletlip Luther-ni- i priest had said in my own neighborhood at home. Thanks be to God that I am here again " niay-frthenpt- , , ttrrg-rTViC""- Kno'.viiigGod'.s promise's sociable one. i.l Ve had a pleasant trip over tlie canal road bet ween S tockhdl m and , G oteborg, an d. then over the Korth Sea in .a steamer in company with many intelligent Swedes, and arrived in LivcrtKjol on a Sunday moniingand attended sTi'.ctch - -- - city the beautiful scenery, hills and dales small steamers in water and little ones to cross over to them, as well as Targe ships' "and little sail boats, it. all helps to make it livrlyrand and we visited of the grandest ont touting; st, res, where almost everything can be in jewelry, etc., rooms ibr each variety; and we saw some English people buyiii" ornaments; it is a Jewish store, kept by Joseph Lija. I mut not leave out the Saints. Wo sta-ethere over Sunday and had a very 'ood congregation, everything soclean and invrtin'l about the meeting house, and a very pood sou- it prevailed in the; meeting. Aiylrubajjd.was caiiyo upon topeak and 1 .interpreted for him; a meeting, ami f again on Monday thtTC-vy:in rrulysay I enjoyed myself very much the saints there, theyNi.ro a true and , people; I say, God bless tlnvn. On the Fourth of July we left Stockholm and started on the steamer fur Gateborg We stayed there two days and three nhhthmul then left for England, sailingfVjlujl, iir.' Afkr: comjany with Swedrs and Finns. two monthin nearly London we If it for America the fnt of 1882 Sqt:i;tlv in coni)any with the saints and some' 0f tut.- churcli there and heard the sectarian priests talking' to the congregation about worshipping a God vithout. body , parts or passjon.v an4 tar .. l vi-ite- d . , 'stand on death's unfathomrd Fhoro To 'wait the rahinir of lHt veil, w " " rt TnerlSa - foi-lo- I ""Bcnapn, of Logan, Utah. He was thV had seen after w;e parted ; wiui uimissiunancs in It was in the beginning of July. Jngtaml. We spent a few days m Stockhulm, in that grax-.- ohl romantic a their hats ami bowIneynTaTcTgood" schools and the people a sociable and' revery polite, and their jnodq of acting in the dining hall would be very hard for a stranger to aiub practieo, it is very particular and formal, "sit the Fame time it is a very lively and ' Lifo TfcfroiiTtrrt5dlir6haire;rov. So whn this feehlc body's laid' - ' . iiiey-ju- t In hi.-.Salri- : the evening of that day we left there and went on Tho steamer from G a tie for Stockholm n - lS- udfu s in the city of Talcn, their little, tender ' X fingers among the rbugliTre. The childre-- th ere a re all ti u L'ht to bo no iti',j;icIiJLiid.-UK)rlie- lliic' U&trL'CU.ar--wij- e - - intelligence and light. Price, 7o U. "Of the 20 women graduates from the Women's Medical 'College in Philadelphia, recently, M iss Emma At kin, one of our Utah born She is a very .girls, st..r-;- se cond on the li.-t ractt lhxW- b r.up g ady7grTrfndnhtr; djubt btcornt" s:ucctUuUn her proflcion' " d irt t. rtjT-- rj 