W 138 l tafeTway;.y. the "right or jury, and the Bible s:ils, "He that judgeth a matter without hearing it is a fool." I have no privilege to vote, and 1 have broken and were no law, my among the first to, settle Amepiea, and foughtJxC the war of 1812. I have an in a mdepcnjieoL mindtosse land of freedom, and my rigy are to believe ' my-fath- . er t"wwrn : M All YAtfXM. I'll ATT, in the truth. Salt Lake City, Jan. 29th, 1884. OUR TRAVELS BEYOND THE MISSISSIPPI. 'inEtEjrMARwurri The evening of the 12th it clouded up and rained some during- the. night, Jut at dusk came father, Bro. Jcdediah Grant, and their families with others of. the camp, with the loud of teamsters and yells of. herdsmen, " driving, unyoking and taking off their teams and otler like noises which brought confusion, when the charm was broken, and lo, my bliss had departed; Next day we had rain andsun - ge-ha- h 's started Friday, 15th, and though the weather . . ... V P was iair iounu me roaas somewhat muddy; after travelling about five miles we met Bro. James Smithers and the rest of the band returning from their trading expedition, as also Bishop Miller, with some of his company, who had also been out trading went on about six miles further and encamped the sun about an hour high on the edge of a ravine having made eleven miles Bjo," Kimball styles it the cream of ull the encampments ice have hitherto had, in consequence of the beautiful "rolling" prairie and the rich verdure for; our cattle that abounds in such plenty around us. Saw what is' called the "Ore-'oDr. Kich- trail'; ards 13 encamped with us The next day, accordingjo the record, wo travelled about eleven miles and encamped on the prairie on a stream which father named "Crooked Creeks The of the 17th morning u imcu j iiine. ue travelled about wv.j two and a half miles and found Presi-det Young encamped on a small creek in a valley. We went on a little: way and pitched our tents on the top of a hill, when father Brigham Young, Amasa Lyman, George A.' Smith and one or two others went ahead on horse back to survey the road, and finding a good place to camp about three miles ahead, returned and concluded to go on for fear it migni rain, we made about five miles that day. Bishop Whitney and family overtook us at the place where we last stopped,and we were rejoiced to scelhem. He had lost some of his horses and been detained at Garden Groves Wo had felt considerably Worried about Moth-e- r V hituey s health in consequence ofher arm which was gradually perishing away, and it her bo that it aflWed her whole yitem pined taul w ftaud tar btucr and in prttty gating 1 1 1 to-da- to-da- us-th- h. : -- his-wago- 1 To-da- y. y. to-nigh- t." n to-da- y, n' ; at -- shine alternately through the day till evening, when a tremendous cold rain storm came on and lasted a good part of the night. Bro. Grant's tent was blown down in the gale. President B. Young and company had passed us that day. Some of father's men who had been out trading reached camp that morning, briag- jug xu uusaeis ui ujcui aiiuijivvweigni oi Dacon, which these pioneers had earned. Father had two wairon and before star tin Ocr frnm-- .. r Cj jpurchased Garden Grove our small one was exchanged for a larger one, and this day they had some sea biscuits taken out and articles of greater weiirhTTDut in to equalize the loads, mak-ino-tlio whole load about 1148 pounds, also mother yoke of oxen was added. The same day Horace wrote; "I fished a little again inu or mree small ones iaic viurusu Anuu Called noil t. PP.firr iiur in h t.j C JVUilAiil V, -- -- i ooit spiritsraaJ 'raUo - fore-mothe- rs fore-fathe- rs Bro.- - Joseph" C.;Kings--bur- jobs of work near a settlement1 of the Potta. wattamie Indians, about two thousand in numwho had been quite sick.' Sister E. B. o ber; that the Indian agents, by the orders of Whitney (the present Editor of the :Fxro' and the governor of Missouri, are enjoined not to - nent) was the faithful nurse companion troublous let nnv whites stop among, them, but more esMhose in times, of Mother Whitney and continued to be like a loving daughter to pecially to prohibit the "Mormons" from doing - her until she was laid in her last resting place. so, also that they, the Mormons, should not beT suffered to settle this side of the Kocky MouBro. Solomon Hancock came up the.same day tents pitched th- told ntains. Bro. Herxinc-Als- o bringing news that there were States United hadileclared wargainstMexico atSugarGfeetofithose.that had crossed.tho!; were I We hail all suchtbmM as happy events. be lour hey. river since .our departure. cause when the Gentiles are embroiled among weeks from Nauvoo. Monday morning, 18th, before themselves they have le?3 leisure to persecute startthe brethren had to build a bridge the Saints of God' ing and had to stop and build another in the This may be considered, by some, an unkim afternoon. We travelled ten miles and encam oeJ areveniriiz in a crrove on the brow of a ing, but note the orders received by those hill a small bottom intervenincr between us' agents concerning us, arid, the unnatural treatment we bad received from the hands of our and the middle fork of the Grand River, whjch cat-fissun-fisand such as abounded in fish, government, which should have protected and and make time some remain succored to we were us, but instead had allowed us to be ;Here another farm for the saints that were to follow persecuted, harassed and driven from state to -I Mt. called us. This was i state, and our men to be imprisoned and many Pisgah. Horace wrote: "Tuesday, 19th. This mornslain, and also innocent women and children murdered in cold blood, and a whole people to ing Bro. Wm. King and myself with six yoke of oxen and one wagon started back to Garden be exiled and driven into an almost unknown firovp to hrincr mi some nrovisions which vp. wilderness, without the least inquiry or under Met. Lyman expected to get of Bro. Yearsley. standing of the facts concerning us, and all the about after ten Wm. and going Pitt; Whitney suffering that we were daily enduring in conj miles met Bro. Jacob Hutchison, who was in sequence, could they realize this,and how sorefind his horse. search of his, Lyman did not ly we felt it, and then take it home to thembut went on'without him; got to the farm Wedselves, they would wonder at our patience, and Bro. about noon. not at that we did not ioin hands with the noor In. Yearsley nesday -- waited for him till home when : we dians, who would have been tcxrclad or with Friday, started back the creeks all high, and some tiie Mexicans to hght against the nation, who had driven us out from their midst, hoping as "scarcely fordable reached home on Monday evening, accompanied Bro. Markham, Gaboon they did and expecting that we would perish or and several others brought back the worth of be scattered to the four winds, regardless of President Youug's things in and our our feelings and rights, and had it not been ' m tin v nue we were own. that our people were true Christian we would gone met a great number of emigrants just from long since have followed our natural instinct, Nauvoo some three weeks from there as others have done, who, though professing eo in fact they are coming daily as fast as they much; more enlightenment, have shown how can get ready. Bro. Kimball talks of buildmuch they were Jacking mthat same spirit of three houseshere and two." ing Brigham Christianity, which has ever fro vera ed and con While they were absent two Indians came trolled the Latter-da- y Saints, of whose inner to our camp belonging to the Pottawatomie lives and faith they know nothing until they are tribe, who said they had lost their horses, one willing to become, as Jesu3 said'Like little of which had been caught by one of the comdren, for of such is the Kingdom of Heaven." " Wednesday, 27th," Horace wrote, "on rispany a few days previous they were glad to horse. the had been sent' recognize as They ing this morning found it raining. y messengers to their station on the west fork, father presented me with a pistol. about fifty miles hence, to make arrangements Brigham, Heber, father and some others went' about paying for the cultivation of the land on horse back to find a suitable place for crossthey returned, bringing word that the chief ing the river when they shall start they re himself would come to us and settle the terms turned, having found a place where they inthereof. Also learned through them that Lytend to build a bridge." man Wight was about one hundred, miles "Thursday, 28th. . Somewhat cloudy, but no from there, but could not tell the direction. rain. One of Bro. Kimball's horses, Prince, Here Bishop Whitney's driver (Jacob Frazier) on being found and brought up from the was very sick, which Horace mentions also prairie this morning was discovered to be bitspeaks of two deaths in Bishop Miller's comten by a snake. I went fishing, and found pany Bro. Wm. Edwards' and Bro. Turley's Clayton at it also; caught ' quite anumber of child. - Hp. savs. Rrn. Wm l tTimt;n J h sun-fisand pont, etc J luubiULtUU liiVS The brethren here been appointed president over those are busily engaged, some ploughing and putting main here, assisted . by Ezra T. Benson and corn into the ground, others building Jences Charles jyJich-jL.-l- $ and houses, making ploughs and ox yokes, etc, Holman was the first man to put a into while the rest are herding the cattle." the ground here, notwithstanding plough he does not Weather pleasant the "Friday, 29th. intend to remain. Bro. John, Taylor has brethren have nearly completed the bridge; returned from Nauvoo he says that has,just Bro. got Brigham chastened the people last Sunto bo a wicked , place. He makes the calculaday at "meeting because a great many manifesttion that there are about six hundred ed a disposition to tie the hands of the Twelve, on the way between here and Nauvoo wagons there as it were, neglecting to put in crops here and are all sortsof reports afloat there respecting wanting to go ahead, when they have not the us, such as that we have been mobbed etc" means to do so. Bro. Brigham gave them the "Tuesday, 26th. Tolerable fair built choice of two things to do; either to fit thema yard this afler-nooto put our cattle in selves out and go ahead and leave the Twelve nights. Bro.Vm. Clayfoii came up this evening-here, or by using their utmost exertion fitout Mother Whitney's arm is getting better-shthe I weive and let them go into the wilderness has bound on it the skin of a rattlesnake and establish tho Ki nrrnnm. Krn. Kimball Bro. George Herring, a Mohawk .Indian, arsaid if the people chose to have the Twelve rived here he having been sent for stay here, they, the Twelve, would ge into the . some time since by the brethren. He came foreign countries and preach the Gospel and from auncil Bluff3-8- ays there are a number raise up a body of people who would be willof th brethren of Emmefi ing to abide by counsel and act m becomei ths " "uSKf form at tho itM liat,thM CcnHnudO 8alsti cf God, (To -g- juJe OMAN'S EX PONE NT e to-da- y, A h 