judgment should not be pronounced. I very much regret that the laws of ray ountiy should come in contact with the lawd of God; but when ever they do I shall invariably choose the latter. If I did not eo expresa myself I should feel proceeded to deliver an elaborate, exhaustive and ekquent address, eetticg forth the views and principles pf ,th People's Par,ty, as opposed to those of the calied "Libjsrjirgaj was the main p ilar of ."Local the platform upon which he,a3 the Peoflfe'j candidate, stood, and a Legislative Commit-sionwitthe utter abolishment of that sacred right, was a "Liberal" platform. He the only plank propose! toanalyza this infampu3 proposition, utter aj0d jexpose - its unconstitutionality, It d theeplis foreigness to American jnUtnUohs Itof AiTgloS txon ideas He traced the record of American history In vain fox a precedent 'to justify the abolition of local Eelf government, a right guaranteed by tho C institution and, the genius of our institutions, and after referring to jm I t'f'innotba denied. I think.J " J 1SG2 "and the Ed-ma- - n deBignedo-npera- te Ja law against marriage as practiced and believed in by iiie xj- nci uaj' tjaiuwu. jluvjt i u luciciuto unconstitutional, andof course cannot command the respect thata constitutional law would. That la all I have to say , your honor. Judge Zaiie, it la said by those present, eeemed werk-CXDre- aly - - a a ' shall,thereforerfIxyour punishment, on the first count for polygamy, I y. a fine of $300, and imprisonment for the term of three years nd six months, and on the second count, for unlawful cohabitation, I will fix your fine at 3C0, and your imprisonment at six month?, the Imprison monf. in the lftflfc nrmnt nf the indictment to be gin at the termination of the imprisonment on the first count. The Judgment will ba .entered The Judge refused to admit Rudger Ciawson to bail, although he has since admitted others to bail accused of a most heinous crime. Bueh is the consistency of those who execute the laws against the Mormons. Elder UJawson, innocent of sin, was committed to prison l he same evening and put with criminalj guilty of the blackest crimes. Bat God Judgeth all and He will take care of Hia servants who are willing to keep Hia laws and abhieby His commandments. On Friday, Nov. 14, Bro, Ciawson came to the city to attend the Supreme Court, havjng been brought there on a writ of habeas corpus for that purpose. The case was argued duricg the day," bat not finished. Mr. Kirk, natrfnir. - j it Is said,, made one of the most mas- terly and learned speeohea that has evtr been made in the Third District Court Boom. Bishop Ciawson requested that hia Eon be permitted to remain at hou,e over night, stating that a deputy could accompany him and remain with him simple as it was," oveiLnight. but was not compiled with, and he wai obliged to go back for the night. This morning he jaa brought up again, but la not likely to be admitted to bail, as the officers seem inexorable when any favors are asked In this elaas of case?. ob-tain- ed X the-reque- st. THE MASS MEETING IN THE THEATRE. n . HON. JOHN T. CAIfciE, "Utah's present delegate to Congress, and the Peopled nominee for re-electi- to that office. - , . . , . t. it T oob- Hrlua :i i - i ' I 1 . J it for years know bttferT We asstit that polyga"noTfindone fam ily.who h Jiving in t h Is order and la subaer-vieto the laws of God pasijribed to them by Him through Hi3 servants, who have unbappl-- ; nees in their midst. On the contrary, they are freer from the evils of disonient and other trou-ll- ts than any I know who are living in monog-ornand if any are unhappy in this order it is 'because they have failed to render obedience to these laws 1 have mentioned. other-and-youwt.'- y, rT more wives than one is rich or it may 4 1 t f or n me -f- ioi if mis principle ruggeu appearance a little, and '.were, the practice of it eoauueuio tlifif' rml v whn ar rIiIh tn maintain thfrir wlvat above the reach of. want it would be more la keeping with rihteousnees. I acswer, that If polygamy eavors cf unright-eoufcntand 13 a producer of evils, no amount CI weaiin (aa utjp ine inuiier au or tramuaiw .'its evils. If ifc has advantages and blessings bestowed ujen the rich man and that may dtnied to the poor, then I must own it Is not a 01 ueaveu, lur uut rutum 10 uun w prmc-pi. lial as to beetow a portion ci ma uospsj upon the rich to the exe usion of the poor. But let us eee whether plural marrfae does not bsatow its happiness and advantages upon the family of the poor man and add much to their temporal welfare. I will tell you of a few . fact3 that have come r j under my observation tnai you may uuueraiaiiu the Idea I wish to convey facta that I have J earned from, .the t-of families in Utah. One of these, with Whom I d became acquainted about sixteen yeara ago, of the man, two wive3 and seven child-re- n. They were the poorest family at the time I speak of that 1 ever saw, I think; but despite their poverty, I think they were the happiest, too, and I wondered ihat thi3 could be so. Two or three years after my first acquaintance with I frfrl t mau i.iuuk1. a lUI. mem me wuc, a unnnrt inuu nlfn ;w"6 seventeen yeaw of age, and I said to myself, "How will he ever keep the wolf from the door with these three wive and ten children claiming hia support, etc." The tcanly means be possessed when I first knew them had wonderIn- fully Increased, but then the family had OA Q f fVlotlmo fhit (.41,. 3 Ttrr. crta'jeu ixiuei rajiiniw-,:.i-- , addition was made to his family that I sptak of, tHe means for their support was till very meai gre iaieed, that is the way I considered ', bat neither themsn nor his wives seemed to imni. festany fear of starvation. In fact I They all occupied tha same dwelling. do not think he could possibly have furnished a well-to-d- o I ' t a I T ss t-- e ... e . . f .... . olution wa3 adopted! Resolved, That therepresentatives of the People's Party in mass meetmaiembled the principles of the Peopled "platform adopted t wo years ago, and ratify the nomination ' of Hon. John T. Caine for delegate from this Congress of thK Territory to the Forty-nint- h United States. My Dear Cousin: Without further preliminary than just to say hat your letter found myself and family well, it.i Ti'nf nt . Oct. 2Ut., 1831. i. rrrrn cr ,ofJIiahto-th- e -- TO AN OUTSIDER. . 1 my does not have these evlla attending it,andwe ouj;lit to know. You may travel from one end , LETTER crr? ..i 1:1.. V; belief." ; He closed amid loud applause, by which al?o the delivery of his speech "was attended at frequent intervals. Speeches wtre afterwards made by Hfin.S. R. Thurman and Hon. V.VN. I)asjbnbarry of Provo, Mrs. E. B. Wells, Hon. F. B Richards, M. Isabella Home and Preetv Geo. Q. Cannon. The speeches were all good and to the point,and we are very .sorry we cannot publish them in ..full. Sister Horns brought down the housa when Bhs said ''how wouli th9 judges and lawyers who are so eager to question the sisters like it if their wive3 and daughters were brought into court to testify against them, though she be- lieved they could tell plenty if theywould." Prest. Cannon, among many other good things, said, "Before Constitutions were written there were laws and principles written on the hearts of human beings. Magna Charta and the Constitution of the United States are only the expression of principles - as old as eternity. We kLOW what the principles cf libsrty are, we know when we are oppressed, if we had never heard of the Magna Charta or the American Constitution." Bro. Cannon's speech was full of grand and lofty fcentiments, one to arouse the spirit of patriotism in the, hearts of all who love ,. liberty and hate oppression. 'At the close of the meeting the following res- :":"";r'"'- lv 1 k. T it nft!n(B these evils we have mentioned? The world says that it does, because the world knows nothing nH J,cajts - I ? A 1 y re-af-flr- A vast assembly filled the Salt Lake Theatre Monday evening, Nov. 3rd, at th grand mass inter-es- t meeting of the. Peopled Party held in the of the election. At the opening hour the assembly waa called to order by Hon. Angua M. Cannon who nominated Mayor James Sharp aa chairman. Mr. Sharp was unanimously elected. Hon. A. M. Cannon was chosenvlce-chairmaand H. M. Wells secretary. The chairman introduced the first speaker of tho evening, - V . al ct temporaKy-wrcntndifTiolygamydoTsn- . L'l -- sges of crime, ignorancY arid oppression, of was everywhere which civilization ashamed.He as&edIf tabX coal J be thus stricken down, what safety would there be for other. Territoriefc?-r- he Edmurljs' law was reto im proper ferred fajlu source, viz: the uncointitutionaUty of the mea pure itself and Its partial ad ministrjaUoD, whereby 12,000 poJygamists had been disfranchised at a bfow, wbilesf x3al sinners outside the Mormon community were left uatouchoJ. Now, more oppressive legislation was called for, which showed that polygamy was not the ieal object of assaulla of the Liberate and their pympithizsra but the punish ment of the Mormons for a mere td-da- Ciawson. -- - events in English history, without findihg,how-ever- , a parallel of the hind; turned - to the dark ages of tryanny snd . despotism in search of it; ; JVIr.Clawsori'HBpieech-and- much surprised . it wa9 same little uma nerore ne spoxe; aner making quite a lengthy speech upon the evils of polygamy and strongly asserting that the law against it must be executed, J udge Zane pronounced the following sentence upon Eider . polygamy, but viewing it in a tem-pcrway it changes its aspect; that the degradation, "miser v and nnhannintss it sutlectl n'ntfnM It must mite overbalance thrt tn all the blessings they can horw to attain in the future by an adherence to its laws In thfsjife4 Nowrno principle can be ppiritually right and add to a man'.- temporal welfare it will not yield him spiritual ble- slogs. If It tends to aid him in his spiritual existence, it will also add cumfort to hia temporal life; if, as you Hayit brings to f ' .1 ' I , mote who pracwee iu oniy uitujmexji, uegraua-tio- n and misery, then ic is spiritually, morally, , la-th- that maralage,when attended and Eanctiqned by unitInns rites and ceremonies la an establish ment of religion; The law of h practice self-ffovernme- Congress ahall maka no law respecting an 'far' tablishment of religion or prohibiting thejree thftrnf. yoiiihat' i cf yu 6- worlhyjJjltbe causiX represent, The Constitu tion of .the United States expressly Btatea that oTornkA - r and ajad that this leaves U3 In the enjoy msat of good health, I will plunge immediately into the iut jeetwe Ere diECusfeing. viewing It only from our spiritu- -; can fee nothing wrong in our al t&ndpbin t .Kuino forward amidapplaaee,and 1 1 Ivery-poores- -- con-liste- ' " 1 a. 1 1 --- "' 