1 W 0 MA N ' S V EX P.0 NT. -- N-.-JB . . . ' ."' ' '; ' EMHELINE ' B. TVEILtS, ' '. Editor. '" ," . - t vsr w copy one year, S3. 00; one copy eii months Tea opies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each s uare,' ten lines of. nonpareil, space, one Terms: time, - 2.50: 'ps 'raontar3r-i()0regular advertisers. . A'iiberal discount to ' - ; ExroEXT Ollice, in I.,"lZftt Temple Street. Business hours from 5 p. ra. every !ay except Sunday. Address all business communications to Z. . C M. m. to . ' , " as those expressed in In JUNE Con-ventio- ni'ch?ln-"V- nt-e- bagaveni.-d.-b- 3 - lroitgh-teHj-apotr-t- ty-fox- ; M.:-rmoc.s- , i ns prepar.d.iy u 'earned find august commit and adopted. te3 we're Tosi, dicjs-:eJ- , resolution awara grj'4 enough, and W)jl i, if cariiedut, letter the cenditen of of the Unite 1 States, whiJo other3 ls were tujetttaou". The cms. tcucbing the Mormon queatlonjv.asi imp'y a ridiculous farce, cnry. strung together for tllVcr, beeau-- it has become measquite the thing to Introduce ures whenever there is a convention or coj:,fer- - po-rhap- the-peop- o gratefully ack;iowe!e Jge the favor cf flowers and fruit given by. the Ladies cf the Flower M 8:ion on .he 9 th of June tj each of the patients of theDe3eret Hospital. Mrs. Spurlock, who is a most setive and efficient wotker iu thin labor of love, li a very sweet aod: interesting woman, and also adiligent and faithful miiiiona V in the tempc-rcinccalico WE.-mp- There mRa-ure- thorn-eiv- o c ? " war Dtrmccras who hold very djifTrent views on eeveral in pcrtsntfutjtcts to others cf the anti-Mcrmo- n or education-- ; ehce, .alj no mailer where, cr Uf oh what account con le -- alone,- but-- m vencdiLLJ!,tjrniDnacannot-4je- j&t o:ui ia for abus? or proposal for special leg!Blat;b-3 or bsih. It den n Et?m 'absurd 'that ia a gre;t and grow ing nation like that cf America so mach should be feared from a mere huLdful of ignorant, deWhat can iJ graded and uDpnpuJsr peopU Tiio answer mer.n? ia ph:'n incugb; it rneana on for e'g rel?g i an in . a Jand of boas -e p ersccjtion 1 frtedem and pretended rel!gicu3 iiberty. Buck m..vemeonotatll;aurpiisiLg from those who have ome here and have sought to rob tb!a peorH of etery rlgbt and privilege -t LraHi bsr ry- -" of c! tfzfhihfrT" tjl- pertain cuu-thty h?.?e a ppeaial object in view; the po. eStions of em urn en; and trust in the prosper-ousan- d iLurlshiLg Territory yhicfi . Mermen IdlTIgtiic;- r.udVnergyTiairwrested from a barren ; but what poejdbfe good can accrue to Ar&'eMcan the people at larg"e,( by denouncing the Moirr.or.B in ail their national and public t eo-calle- D?m'jjratic party. The Democrats io wlithc-rrclJgIou,'"politicI- -- the various States t-- riio c. gD soon, . . s : wildi-rntf-p- I "gathering? The Congress of the United States have pasted lawa which are certainly sufficiently for the Mormon., and men have been eent into Utah to see that the?e same lawa are . - dla-tincti- properly i termed Judieiary are enjoined to make these peculiar lawa effective; &'nd E83nrediy there, can bs no ground for complaint ngairs the persons emp'oyed in the departments of active, executive work, for from the commisdoner?, the Governor, and the Pros' ecuting Attorney down through all the complicated machinery eet in motion to vindicate the snd-the-Ooart- -- s-ef . dighi'y oflhe Edmunds and Poland bill, there is not, we feel po3itive, a single officer, however lowly his station, but has sought with zeal and mn hTO BuitL e d thinking Whether the e 1 cjdjsjgctt fQI : Rtpnll cars cr Dfmccrats cany will thenext eJeiondt doebtleESTnakellttle dlf. ference to ti e n f Jo? J y cf ti e tq If In re, for both parties have fehown themselves equally the cf tbe Latter-daSu'ats iu enem;c3 the hiitcry of thopat. of the Am rican government Is to protect the weal? against the strong, to maintain the right of the minoriiy and to defend the oppressed. The forefathers, to whom the American people point with laudable pride, acted upon this humane and philanthrop-ica- l principlepwhy do not their eogs continue In a course which gave to these noble patriots such honor and distinction?. But theo the world ha3 prcge86d einca that time, and it would not do for these highly enlightened nineteenth century statesmen to go back to rlrst princIples.What will the endbe cne cannot help querying when monopolies rula when the strong persist in oppressing the wesk,, when riche3are power,and voes can be bought with money, to what will It eventually tend and -- y Tac-eniu- . Ii, Wllls, Secretary. : Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary Aso(LU!c: of ILIi Q ake ofZio a w i 1 be held oir Fr i d ay dSa tu r- day, June 27 and commencing at,10 a.ur and 2 p.m. The Relief Society will hold their meef--4 i r. gs Fr May l a t h e 1 i th War d, . and i f t h e Y, L. M. I. A, and Prlmaiy hold their meytin e due notice will b3 given through thedii-J1 Cnventkn which Is to te held ia Chi- doubt" no and will bs a trembnd:u3 on the of the parfy to put forth a ctl'jrt part mau strong cpd oi:e who is a bona CJe, ctaunch demacrat of some pronounced character, such ts Ti'den, v.ho now Ttfuses to ba' brought for ward as a candidate. -Perhaps Thurman iB the test chofca the rferty could ma'ce, if wo were to venture an inior, we wcu Id say ThMrm an , and being from Ohio would bs vey much in his favor, for either the fates favcr OLOjCr tl.tre.ie ectrefpe E". The Quarterly Conference of Eel;ef Soehty, d fe - throagrlkrdtaj.jrcgxl e . thsir hal' bj3be; are Gantilea i n this c: y h.eH acordiag 1 - cn-jjjih.t- Horns-of-thes- O-'de- two cr more mesiins in: eac i settl anient, the first meeting io hi held at Leami ngton thy evening of their arrivah Theywiii hke'y remain awjy fcb;ut twelve dt- - case. The Dsmccrat Ccnvtntion LelJ here in thn bt-arCity not cij!y"i evolve jgijpit b. Uj BlVy rtoolve .tlist- .the Diegato trcm Utah, the live. John T. Caine, is net a Daaiojrat. A if a 1 Damccraw were t ha juiged by thbir atanjarJ; U is wtll known thit there is more than cne fei i ti a Dt ni c a f , whether John T. Ci'ne '.s cr Is not a Damccrat ; Uelis'f 8o'de?y y.VVcber ntake will iicU & TabernaQuarterly C inference in the cle on the 20th and a t of this rivmib. ' A gen- 4our htr testify in the what fix, to make him or cLlhe HjeeelHa. c.n. various kv &.1V n n cf the party were maJo in the meat interest of the caue 'it stake, or the man to bs noniirjft'fciai otadiuaie, and a platform of reto-lut- The 1 pe:;ou,'nJ iJarterHor tte ; On Wednesday, J uae 11, Sisters M, I. Heme, E. S. Taylor, an Ij .uio Felt left the Ciiy or a ma po-sb- e ; eral invitation la given, in the Oden-Jimid- , which tiUo stated victors a:e exp:c:ed from rfult Lake City to attend. al -- :oh uuiAL xo ri:.s ive however ur jui-- cr unccnsiitLt'ici Ll ttey-ixisdeem it. Ne, they have not! And wherever .. there is the least EUipicion of any departure from the lav ia Us moit literal eente, the war-fihnn J his deputies aru inaiLuedUtely empowered to bring; ttft erring to Jueticeandmos't stria- free c. nntry, a i.e. gent measures to these important g held the usual pession for preparatory ;; s ly .a y wi-e- f'rJ n t eleeJbnr- -- to tu.ti-ment- C'isicago S i c a. L ,g Commission? : Havo tia y rcfuVv'.I io Ivm ply with the Emundji; jaw or finy other' Jaw,. Kepaiiicsa.dfc!eg5tea from all parts of the Union ?.2ceuilla'd iu a uati nal convention in the cliy of G'nfcago, on June 2J, an 1 with the grand bjf-cf- th-- Sen e "Ah t do the Mormons 15, 1SSL FOMS POLITICAL MATTERS. ceremonial-pertainin- I :'ruit ftch to' fuieiy Salt Lake City Utah. HALT LAKE CITY, opinions in re'ereLCj to the great matters at Stake, and believe woman with mi.n. might .help ";o stea!y the aik"; mora iff tctualiy, end it not difiicrlt ia tue .miJct uf .to CiiKuti-;:to prophecy iMal thtie la a titLu iaiig 'state-willbe tiivided j:giail fc(..atf , t nd ci y aainii city, an I vvheii t'ie xy.i gn f aiiciei;: to tntsn and olh- and modern pre phets ia cr matters WjJI bo fulfilled. coct, who viTl conue Fctrd4o slmott" crder-t- o in oltsin pc piilarity vi ich anythitg will help them on the read to u.(t fs, "Ecw i' have the 1 r 1 1 ctLSiitt mighty f ti n !'' ' euch pigmies with the craud aru. c inf&l mtn who CLCe filled the hshVc thn A mi i ic th ( But the jr.m nominated by iho IU x.b lican party; the Hon. J smtt (I ia.n - thei-fl-iir- s e-- " c lit ical pd wcr tiv-gtet- ; C cf the Itep'ulic;;tha e h n.b ck eratuLIkjluhitL .iUt h a y - Irpsi: jUre " 6 ch e iii ef ; f nT"Ii . o t ullrage won;c u 'have' soxrio", 1 trick building north of 1Q-&- ' ' revoiution!2e jh hfy the clam or of men tet I hg J. from whence kfhall relief pome. The pubi:-ins ey they can carry the nation eafe through all d i fficul tie t he Daawsa H n ink thty could tttter cauf t," to see that yely Mjrincu, nu:n, omnn and child, obejed the law in its strictest Btnae. 'Then when'iue'i strii geiit measnrea are used, - wbst need Is, 'there, of ti u2Mi-- . M .Qt "yvorthyia y ' papers. Desebet ." "..' . Hospital.--W- e beg leave to Inform the members of the Deaeret Hospital Aoo.'a-t;onthat this is the commencement of the - third year; those who have not paid the annul fee forT8S3, will please forwaid one dol.'ar ta:-- , a ' ''-.,;.- r4 jaOP,&Mogs.lMe.Xg.''' ALtiie organization, it was ar at ged that tbe T -" : - initiation fees be paid yearly in advacc, the membership fee is now due, an J we can asuire the membsrs the money will be vtry accep-a-" ' ' ; bir. a A number of gentlamsn have expre-ie- i wish to be identified, with the Atsclatior, aod some have already j ointd and paid the initiation fey. Ladies alc, whoftel interested in this a?scciatIon are cordially invited tcf become members, Meca gcod has accomplished by the institution, and it is very desirable that its sphere of usefulness should be enlarged. bs-e- B. Clawson, President, E. B. Wells, Secretary The Art Exhibition recently opened in' 's store was quite a credit to young Utah. One cinnot do Justice to this subject, however, without making a lengthy notice,and unlets one is really an art crit'c more barm than good mlgb3 done by giving opinions on the subject. Ht;ll Cal-dex- we are free to's&y ihat the "San C ornel Mis. boix" pleased us more' than any other, fainting there, possibly the subject had a great deal to 