w UMAIN'B XPO NE NT . Carl, a young woman belonging to our Church. vui uuuso was near tberTemple lot, about half a mile from the public square in Independence: Auumu auu negroes were plentiful in this Wester! A rlWWnk Srnii we were used to seeing: The people Mi"1' u,uwcui iu meir customs ana manner ot speaking. It was, "I reckon," and "a right smart chance," and instead of carrying things in their hands they. would "toat" them on their1 - : Large bundles and baskets, churns, " -t- ubs and piggins of water or milk,'all "toated" on their heads. Little children were "toated up the Missouri river. Once when the boat Btopped at a landing, n. young woman belonging toi ourcipsujj i ell tkk from the :a&u,r sailors the eWed by think her name was Electa Chamberlain. When we were within about one hundred miles of our destination we met the ice coming down the river so fast.that we could not proceed and we were obliged to land at a place called Arrow Kock; a family " of negroes let mother and Sister Morley-ha- ve one room in their 'log cabin; Brother Morley was with -- father-in Missouri, - and hisTamfly ' " was traveling in the same company that we were. There was no window in the room, a common thing in that country; the people generally receiviug their light through the open door. But we had a large fireplace, and with a good fire we could be quite comfortable. Boths families together numbered about fourteen persons. We remained here several davs.it beinr? cold weather most of the time. I do not know what had become of .the rest of the company, bat.a3 far as I:.can remember, we; were alone. As soon as circumstances would permit, Sister Morley and mother procured a Kentucky wagon and the two families, with their effects, were stowed inta-it- , and we again started .for Independence. The weather was verv cold so cold that we had to stop and lay by again ' one day, and that day; father and Brother Morley met us and we were more than glad to see them, for our journey thus far had not t. been But what suffering and privations my mother had to endure she never complained or murmured, but rejoiced that she was counted worthy to endure tribulations for the Gospel sake. She felt that she had enlisted in a good cause, and looked forward to the happy time that had been promised to the faithful Saints; and her religion compensated her for all the hardships she had to endure. And Aunt Lucy Morley ,as we used to call her, was one of the most patient women I ever knew. She was truly a choice woman. Well, after one day's rest we boarded our Kentucky, wagon and continued our journey towards In- eJ"rtt?tMhTiV iiit - pliMff gtraddleV-of-one-hip7nwaTmwealh- taa house. i m ?: About the first thing the Saints did after providing shelter for their families, was to start a school For their children. The first school I remember attending waa in a tag cabin in Jackson Co, The scboof.was taught by Miss Nancy iticnneid. m . To be Continued. SEVIER STAKE PRIMARY FAIR. On the 25th and 26th of September the Pri- mary Association of this Stake held their an-- . nual fair at Glen wood, and many beautiful and useful articles were exhibited. The following are among the most notable: Themost ingenious article exhibited was a complete saw mill, made by Lewis Baker,' aged 13, of theiirst ward of Richfield, which did good work, making lumber out of corn cobs. Great credit is certainly due this young boy when we consider he bad never seen a sawmill, this one, being entirely his own invention. John Jackson of Glen wood, aged 12 years, showed a very.nice cradle and chair, the workmanship of his own hands, sawing the lumber from a rough log. Th?re was a fine display of miniature furniture: bedsteads cupboards, whatnots, . ; etc., too numerous to mention. There wt re. wagons,, rakes, and other implements made by boys from six to ten years. A very fine display of dressmaking., "from" the first and second wards of Richfield. clothes-horses- by-bo- , wheel-barrow- s, The millinery department was sparsely represented, one lady's hat made and trimmed by first ward. Crochet . Ellen Oberg of Richfield, work was well represented by Monroe and Redmond wards particularly. A fine display of quilts, noticeably two from Richfield, and a bedsprea I made by the Annabella Association; a great variety of knitting and crochet in wool, also of fancy needlework, and any amount of plain sewing, which vas done very creditably; a good showing of very pretty rug3, some nandsome ornaments made of shells and straw, a cross of moss and pebbles, the latter jarticle -being the only ;one from" Vermillion.s The V cakes, pies, tarts, jellies, preserves looked very inviting, also a good display of fruit3 and vegetables. The afternoons of each day were taken "up with songs, recitations, and dancing by the little ones. The partaking of cakes and lemonade was enjoyed extremely by the children. Prest. A. K. Thurber honored the occasion with a short address on the afternoon of the , firetday. The Stake Prest, Sister Lucy Hep-plardid her utmost to make the fair a success, . . , and-pickle- -- th . .. ; . Sunday morning, Nov. 2nd, Mrs." M. I Hjrne, H. Whitney, M. A. Freeze and E. tt-- . Shipp,.M.D.,-too- k train for Sandy;where were mit they by carriages, which- - conveyed them to South Jordan Ward, being most hospitably greeted and entertained by the good sisters. At 1:30 p.m. they met With the Relief Society; the hall was well filled brethren and sisters. After the, usual preliminaries remarks were male' by each 'of the above named sisters, also by the Bishop of the Ward and Sister Holt of this organization. At the close of this meeting Sister Horne returned home, it being necessary on account of sick- - , . VISIT TO THE COUNTRY. , ; " - and used every endeavor, to have the little ones enjoy, themselves. -- Her labors are indefatigable m stimulating the Primary of this Stake to excel in all good works. wom- er en went barefoot, and little boys from two to ten years old were running the streets with no- -' thing on but a tow shirt. Everything seemed to be after the backwoods style; The brethren began to build houses and gather around them the comforts of life. In building houses they would have "raisings," after the' logs were pre- all turn out and lay pared the brethren would: J them up. We read in the Pronhet .Toserih's h iaf.Orv nf one in Kaw township, where he helped the ColevilleJJranclL raise their first house; the logs . being carried by twelve men in honor of the twelve tribes of Israel. Some- - of th-- h were very neat, the log3 being .hewn on both mu (rmjVJluciS oatycu B1UUOIU, ttllU 101; a 'u house log they looked quite respectable. I had be eight years old and was bap, now got to tized in a large creek not far from Independence by Elder John Corrill. . . T "?eI- v When we arrived at our destination we were so jammed and packed in-t- he wagon by the bad slipping that W2 could hardly pull ourselves out. I remember that when I made an effort to get out I could not until some of the load was removed, Father had rented a log room of a Mr. Boggs, I think it was the same that was afterwards Goyeroor of Missouri; so we had a place to go to and were glad to get to the end of our and be .again at- - home. Al though we did not have much of,' a hou3e;to live in, we knew this was Zion and would be our future home. I can well imagine the feelings of our parents wjien they first set their feet upon that land; the rejoicing of their hearts as they bowed in thankfulness before the Lord for His rnercies in bringing them to that holy place, where the Zion of our God was to be built in the last' days. . ' Father Being Bishop he had the poor to look after and provide for their wants. Houses to rent being scarce an d money and means more so, it seemed necessary that father should widpwi and four children into- - the one-roowhere we were living t6 pass the winter: Now don't think that we were crowded or that the children .quarreled; perhaps they did, though I don't remember As soon as father could buDd, he moved his family into hiswn vt ; very-pleasan- dependence. 103 - t knew nothing about. We went in a keel boat as far aa Cincinnati, then we took a steamboat K ness.' In the evening Mrs.M. A. Freeze and E. R. Shipp attended a meeting of the young people, and after Ji8teningLto & .most exceljenrpro gramme dressed the meetings for a short time, when young Bro. Gardner gave a most interesting account of his mission to the Sandwich Is;. lands. On Monday, the 5rd., the ladies from Salt Lake, together with a number from South Jordan Ward, were conveyed to Fort Herriman, a distance of eight miles, over rather a jbarren region of country, though the ride.was far from uninteresting. On our arrival we found the Bishop awaiting us at the meeting house door, and in the apoa. of a very few minutea tlo loas - filled; the occasion being the organization of the children, a larere number- beinp' who were very conspicuous for their good order throughout the entire proceedings. Sister Tempest was chosen as; President, with other officers well qualified to fill their different posi -- by7the-ypnngentie- m"e " wa-tofc- nrnt. - tions. l . r The meeting was addressed bv Sister H. M. Whitney, who spoke eloquently, and at some length on the doctrine of plural marriage. Sister M. A. Freeze, who gave good instruction to the children, and also to parents; Dr. E. R. Shipp also made some remarks, followed by the Bishop and some of the local sisters. After dinner at the Bishop's we were kindly accompanied by Sifters Holt and Beckstead to Sandy Station, where we tool .the train' for home again; feeling that wc had 'made the acquaintance of some of God's best people and that we were blessed in our'endeavors to bles3 E. R. Shipp. others. J NOTES AND NEWS, "New Hampshire has voted against a constiXt-.jtutional convention." "Among the improvements contemplated, for the New England Hospital for Women arid Children, on Codman Avenue, are a second ' w- -maternity home and a home for the nurses." v. - "The youngest daughter of Ihe Emperor of Austria, the Princess Valerie, has added to the A list of royal authors by writing a comedy, which was acted at the Imperial Theatre of Vienna this week, and hersel f performed the part of the " heroine." "Madame Johanna Spy ri is said to be the besl living German writer for children. L.Miss Lucy Wheelock of Chauncy School has translated, and Lothrop & Co. have published, a series of her most charming tales, under 'the. w title of Ied Letter Stones ! 