 I rejoice in ' the Lord'SisterRichards made some remarks upon the rights and privileges of the Sisters and their duty in regard to administering to the sick and rebuking disease and prayed the peace and blessing of God to--, rest upon the con- - .. gregation. I. M. Home .Pres. rejoiced to see so many that were interested in the work of noble women the Relief Society, felt to bless, them, those that had come from a distance hoped they would take home the spirit'of 'diffuse it" among, those with whom they were associated, -gtfr ar th e ood-seed might be sown among the sisters who were not able to attend the Conference; she felt interested in the subject of thought we should exert ourselves to moreself-sustaining; be that we were living in an important day, when the prophecies of the Scripjures'and of Joseph were being fulfilled and we needed great wisdom; the teachers have a re- sponsible position, and needed to be prayerful and have the spirit oLthe Lord; spoke eloquently home-industri- , ly-n- pon manyLSiibjectsf-the-increase-- of- Sehi f 0?ani;i B- - Pratt, Assistant M. Isabella Home, Treasurer, Emmelme B. Wells, Cor. Sec'v and Smith, and others; she seemed to enjoy the few moments conversation with the venerable Pres4 Joung made a few closing remarks, and made some inquiries afterwards conspeaking in the kindliest manner to the sisters ident, to think as every cerning his age and encouraging them to persevere in their labors of one must that he is aappeared wonderfully love and to exercise chanty and cultivate the man fori is years. The party of fivethen dined at spirit of well-preserv- humility and blesUhem with a mother's blessing, after which Conference was adjourned until next October, singing n and Doxoloy IUC bene-dictio- was pronounced by Sister R. B. Pratt. forJierentertaining conversation Mrs. Beatie opened A TALENTED ENGLISH WOMAN. The visit of Miss Florence Balgarnie to our City was quite a pleasant event, yet the ladies who met her in Washington last year, and also those who have heard her praises sounded, and have read her speeches, were greatly disappointed in not hearing her speak in public. We had that when she came we should hear her in hoped 4he4arget1bcrnncltHrrSaTt-Irke-Citor in ttig- Assembly Hall, but her stay was so brief, that it was quite impossible to advertise a lecture, and it would have been placing her at a disadvantage to. have urged it so hurriedly. Her voice is clear as a sweet-tone- d bell and her manner in speaking is simply perfect, so natural and unaffected. Her language is eloquent and she speaks without notes with the greatest ease and freedom. Altogether she is a charming, young woman, and we cannot help regretting that the Salt Lake people had not the privilege of hearing her. It is true that we' knew she. was coming having been informed by letter, but were not notified of the exact time so as to be sufficiently sure, to ad vertise a lecture, besides not having her consent which would have been positively essential. Miss Balgarnie speaks for the Liberal Associa Liberal tions, she styles herself a thorough-goin- g g land' her sympafnies are all with the. women of all countries, but her work lies with the working-womeof England .Scotland and Ireland. She tells some very pathetic tales of their condi tion and how these Associations are helping them to better themselves. Miss Balgarnie represented at the Woman's National Council in Washington as Fraternal DelAssociations numbering nearly ninety egate. thousand women, amongst these were the British Woman's Temperance Association of which Lady Henry Somerset is the honored President. The ,Vromefl's iJPeaceand A roi tr.ation Sotiely,-T- h e Women's Liberal Federation of Great Britain aud Voman Suffrage Associations. MissBalgafnie's r arrival in rhe mornirrg-sfte-r the City,(she came in on a late train), she came to this office, and Mrs. Emily S. Richards called a few minutes later and we three ladies went out wage-earnin- n - r 1 11 - tie-m- Among the most notable at the reception were Apostle Franklin D. Richards and his wife Jane S. Richards, his daughter Mrs. Nellie Webber, Mrs. Carrie E. Dye, Mrs. M. Isabella Home, whom Miss Balgarnie had met in London and passed a pleasant hour with in 1S90, Mrs. Maria Young Dougall, Mrs. Ann D. Groesbeck, Miss . Margery Dwyer, Mr. Dwyer, Mr. W. B. Dougall, and a few others; just before nine o'clock the carriage came to tahe he lady away, her good bye was hurriedly said and accompanied by two or three of the ladies she tonL-- in th 9ah t theatre on her way to the train where an opera company were giving a popular performance, and men away 10 me Denver depot where we waited "to seeTier safe on board "and off for Ne w York" via Denver. Miss Balgarnie expected to sail on the S;S. Britanfca on the zolh for her- home in London. It is our impression that the lady is very much pleased with her visit to .America as a whole. The Yose mite valley she- considered " worth "almost risking one's life to visit. She spent considerable time traveling in Canada as well, and had visited Niagara Falls several times. She was anxious to know concerning the early pioneers to the valley realizing that the privations and hardships must have been great. Her visit was a real pleasure for she is a very charming person and especially so in conversation, though she is something of a radical in opinions.she sustains the .position she takes logi of-Anr- -- cally. ' Zina n vrtr.nr and BathshebaW. Smith, Counselors, Sarah M . hr We shall be verv plad to hpr nf cnfA rival TdEngTana7"aFd are interested in her work which is broad and thorough ; and hope to See what she tells the people in ; her public speeches of her experience in America and her visit to Utah: - r- The advancement of woman's cause is noticable places recently where more privileges are being extended to women in voting for school suffrage, municipal suffrage eic. Bills have been iiitiad"' irihgisratuTes of ."se verai"statcs, notably in New Yorkr where a bill has passed the AHembly giving women "the right to vote for. all and every officer hereafter: to be elected in this State and on every question to be submitted to a vote of the people." It is the opinion of Elizabeth Cady Stanton that the Senate will not pass this bill, but if not cow a day is cot far distant when similar measures will, everything tends towards it; the race is being converted to woman's suffrage surely and thoroughly, not excitedly.with m -- presented President Wilford town j ca lied at the offices of Woodruff where the lady was introduced to the il Jn many 1 Tane S. Richards """" THE WOMAN SUFFRAGE CAUSE. - PrPci.-lpn- " an c;fcl. 11 ' geauemen. ir W " informaF for-- a rs in the evening, but it was impossible to send out many even verbal invitations on such short, notice, yet a few interesting people assembled in the evening and the lady conversed in an easy and graceful way though no set speeches were made. She was presented with a very handsome basket of choice flowers by one of the ladies of the party - and- several little srifts of books from hmhIlliU ' es, - hef-pirlo- reception in honor of Miss Balgarnie wickedness in our midst, the need to watch over .our children and young people, the governing power and restraining influences, and gave much good advice to the sisters and the young people. Pres. B. W. Smith, spoke of her desire that the young women should come forward and prepare themselves to take the places of the older sisters when they pass away. Said there are 23 Stakes that have not paid into the Deseret Hospital fund we should take this into consideration and not fail in this; it is. a duty we have to perform; to have a place for. the sick and afflicted; we must do our part and keep it up; and the Exponent we must have by us; it is a necessity to the Relief Society; there are many good papers, but the Exponent is ray choice; it contains our record and we'll be proud of it some day. I feel as Sister Zina aid, we ought to have two or three days for our meetings ;-- we area host to do gcod, I am proud of my sisters and of their labors. I want to da all the good I can and as little harm, : ..I. pray God to bless;us'.alL Sister E. B. Wells spoke briefly upon the Jubilee celebration its greatness, the immense country over which it extended, the importance of the organization, the great results already and., the promises for the future, the advancement made by women in all lands, .the prejudices being removed, and the grand oppor-- . tunities for improvement, and gave some explanations in reference to the history- - to be compiled, and also concerning the storing of grain by women against a day of neejl. - - - Pres. Yo u n g spoke in re fe r en ce to the h istory to be prepared 'of the Relief Society and nominated the following Committee whose names were submitted and voted upon by the assembly, Sarah M; Kimball7E7 was Romania B. Pratt, Annie Wells Cannon, Augusta Office where in the editors sanctum the lady introduced to a trio of these distinguished gen J. Crocheron. C. W. Penrose, John Nicholson and W. J. Sister Zina said the officers and teachers should hp rhntted with Elders Penrose and be women of God, we expect our sisters to be Nicholson. few minutes pleasantly and then we brave in the future as theyhave been injthe past, went to the Temple grounds, where she was humble obedience to theprinciples of the Gospel shown the Tabernacle and Assembly Hall etc,and makes us better wives and better mothers and to the top of the East tower, better prepared to enter info the presence of God; we began our climb view of the citf from as soon as we " boast we separafethe link" thatr of the Temple. "The fine .. ! ctrlnrr til art tC the roof and windows of this magnificent structure J wiuus us; nice oreaKing iline khc suiui nww adshe thoroughly enjoyed, as she is an ardent floats or may falls it away, to and it nothing guide beautiful in nature. From the Temple we be and our children with, all that mirer of the preserved residence of Mrs. Phebe " the Lord has given us. we have everything to we repaired to the delicious luncheon was Young Beattie where a make us happy. one or.two other ladies, who had Assistant Secretary R. B. Pratt read the totals in wailing, also heard of Miss Balgarnie's arrival and were of the Relief Society report for the last six months them. Mrs. anxious to meet her socially; among after which there were a few words of counsel M. Kimball, President of the W. S. A. of and comfort from' Sister Jane S. Richards, and S. Sarah TTfah After the lunch a barouche was at the M. Kimball the names of the officers of 1 I CllipiClOU. We all talked and Miss Balgarnie had told us of her tour hi Ameiica and CanAiI.i anrlw ftu more and more that her stay was much too brief y, at-tain- ed ed ! motives in vicw,the uplifting of humanity through the mothers. 