WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 40 reat part of it, andAhis would .be a good. currencer The advertiseineut that -- appears this time is that of the educated young man and valuable work accomplished. seeking the companionship of the refined young lady. It isi suqmsing how many primarV young ladies of good family there are who' 'i for fun, these answer advertisements, 'just their letters addressed to one have who and The stake secretaries of the Primary As-- " of the Humerous private postofliees in drug to send in their stores, etc. But, like the ostrich which sociations are requested hides its head in the sand when pursued, yearly reports by September 15th; 1S92. can be obtained by they soon learn to their cost that they are The new report blanks litmters. After' carp ing. sending to'Miss May Anderson, 10S South, 7 no match ILwheii wurenjoycdTth Seveiitlf Eastr Salt Lake ;City, General of franchise in our Territory and truthfully 'wTtlieiFanTusiri ' with their unknown advertiser, they tire of Secretary, ;P. A. citizen there no was world that the to say Im-- . -- elected- to that .pio veil. it. and endeavor to put a stop to it. nied TaTelyTI ieybegi vFIeITeTsJi unworthy of the public trust reposed in him. We are proud of the fact, that while their own name and addressed to their own VAN. M. D. MRS. M. we were, exercising our franchise, there homes, threatening to publish the' letters her office, from Constitution were no disgraceful disturbances at the polls they wrote in jest unless a certain amount HAS REMaVED Building to her resideuce7l67.THIRD STREET. and that there was less blasphemy than of cash is forthcoming. .The wily Llack Office hours, 2 to 4 p mmailers play a sharp game, and easily there was before, or has been since. -- We believe that woman lias given to the politics 'of our land that which is purest and best in them. We believe that when she receives the recognition of political equality she can and will eliminate from politics manyVf its evil and most damning influences of today; we believe that when given the opportunity she will do as much for our political system as she has done for our social,1 commercial, and literary systems. We can point proudly to the brief period stake secretaries. . -- -- -- for-the -- - ; -- " - oiHce-.b:.Qur.v.- n6lei otes 1 1 t. - ascer-JUuii.JheJd.en.tity- oji JUidAvlieii-ili.iJ- e - lessly takeirif omU"s;iJl idcroufiT protest, it was done by just such corrupt means and measures as women will cast outof innirlieire If the aid of a good lawyer. is secured the treacherous'letters may be usually bought to fifty dollars, but back twenty-fiv- e B.K.THOMA politics when the time shall arrive that tliey are empowered to accomplish that much de, when the young woman is afraid to confess the matter to her parents, and has property 26, 28, 30and32 East 1st SoutbSt., sired end. And in conclusion permit me to say thaf of her own, the swindlers often receive large we realize and fully appreciate the facts that" sums in this manner. SALT LAKE CITY. ' But the devil does not confine his attenwe are- -' tion to the advertising columns of the newsKqually taxpayers with the men; The Kqually amenable to the laws of the land, papers, lie knows too well the value of to ink of overlook the interested the laws possibilities printer's Kqually iiKseeing fact the the and that hisads. administered matter, and reading vindicated; proK.rly are rfis5rtedfreerof 1cirargeisntiotTcuIaIed material adto deter him from pushing work in this divancement of our commonwealth. And as pioneer mothers of the Great West rection. I refer now more particularly to the column upon column of space which we feel that that which is our. right is being withheld from us, but we have faith that the newspapers devote to creating and expur strong progressive sous will stand nobly tending the notoriety of criminals. There by our banner until their mothers, wives, cannot be the shadow of a doubt that these sisters and nnuetiter.s will receive Wwu countsdo more to stimulate jj. THE" V Witcat Equality" crime than almost any otiier one cause. proper recognitiondoes Not it not superiority ; act. by appealing to the love only of notoriety of those w ho are already erimi--rialWESTERN A Standard Gauge and so encourage them on tb worse MODERN ADVERTISING. and worse deeds, but it appeals to those who RAILWAY! are too ignorant to attempt crime by them Extract: from the ten tings of Thomas selves, but who, on reading of the doings ..THROUGH Warwick of others in the papers, find here examples t r iTTT t Pew people Tralmrtherex tensive use that reauy. seu jor uiem, ana wiucii. tiiey can is made of newspaper columns for black easily follows Moreover, constant contact, OCKY MOUNTAINS! mailing purposes; but a New York detective,' with vice blunts the moral feelings, and who makes it a point at stated- - intervals to constant reading of the acts of criminals is answer all the personals in the papers, apt to have the same effect, and to so Choice of Three Distinct Routes, states that in one case, jnit of eightyjle tiers familiarize 4he minds of the jjeoplewlth' he received in return to his inquiries,. there crime that it loses its first THK repulsiveness. were only half a dozen on the score of We must not forget that one of the MOST MAGNIFICENT RAILROAD SCENERY greatwhich he had any doubts," the others all est safeguards against crime is the instincIN TIIE.WORI.D. black-fronr of 7 coming tive feeling of disgust which it inspires, a gangs" mailers. disgust which arises from education amid The method employed by these men for fine surroundings, and. that without v this Two Fast Express Trains Daily ra .first feeling many crimes would have been "working the - EACH WAT BETWEEN first appears in the paper in the regulation committed which are now unrecorded. style so familiar to every one: 'Refined A step in the right direction would be OGDEN, SALT LAKE AND DENVER. of young lady twenty, bright blue eyes, for the reputable newspapers to abolish the lovable disposition-see- ks coinpanidusliip of personal column. As to the sensational ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR CARS! "... . 4 educated young man.", reading matter, it would probably be out of IPx-oof Charge- .There are alwaysplentyf foolTeady o the question to do with this, as the away answer such an advertisement, and the public demand for this kind Direct Connections made in- Union Depots.of news is so is man soon so in young deeply, tangled up that, the publisher who refused to ": tee most thoroughly equipped railway an affair that when he wishes- - to. break, off greatt it would soon find prin himself without subin The west, he finds it too late: the blackmailers bold scribers. But there is one step "which the B.C. DODGE, A. E.:WEL3Y.EL3EH1JETTI letters and other tangible proof against him, best could aMiouId talceTt Is" papers Cel. Hurl i. F. k P. A. and inform him roundly that he' mttsTeither of the name of the criminal 4hesuppression -pay a few' huiidred dollars or have his name 111 tlie accounts of his crime.;' The indi vidubrought into the courts on a al man being thus merged into one general suit. Of course, in many instances class, with no distinction whatever, the TINNERS CAS, WATER St STEAM FITTERS their schemes are successful, the young man notoriety would i)e greatly diminished', and or his family paying the required sumln would be less of an incentive to crime than Agent for RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFT and FOKv ) to avrnd any scandal. is at present. In other. words, crime I'UMPS. Pompg Repaired on short notice. Orders troi it ' The opposite case is also of be country promptly responded to. frequent oc- - u puki pe snorn 01 its glon- or atdeast jd at-fro- ' ' Leading Retail I--I vl!ylntstTievery ousr, R.KTHOMA -- -- W" (WWW & ytiqcgt 'v s, THE.. ,J 1 4. - - AXT - well-know- n ... . . ' -- -- o - ' - ; .. breaeh-of-promi.- se or-d- er - i 