1 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 107 SUNDAY SCHOOL SONG. Written (for the South School. Bountiful children saints of fatter-dayAssemble at the Throne, And make your songs of joy and praise, For mercies God has sh,own. For heritage in this fair land. The choicest spot on earth; Where God led forth His chosen band,' : And proved the Gospel's worth. Ye Howard, Erl3rWens-S. Taylor The W. S. A. of American Fork convened Amanda M (Won, Lissa Zine la the meeting house Nov. '29. 1891 to elect Taylor, Whitney, Lydia James and ntKor officers for. the ensuing term. The exercises A programme had ben arranged cn?istin' began with singing and, prayer, after which tlaKVarlet0fla3iexercises' owning the secretary read financial report for the from one of the older sols. year 1891. President Electa Bullock, Inere-wasome instrumental mu-iand a son presented the business of the meeting. . By by Cornelia Home Clayton which was -very the unanimous" vote of the meeting Hannah appropriate,rendered in a sweet voice and with S. Lapish, was for president, Mary fane expression, "Dear heart I'm growing old," A. Evans, Sec, Alice Elsmore, Asst Sec., also a recitation by the baby of the family ary BoiiamTreasurer Emily Jveppernick, the youngest daughter, toasts and byspeeches Chairman of the Executive Committee. members of the family all expressing love and Either Orpha Robinson, Phoebe reverence were given, after whkm Pres. and Elizabeth Crysteson Shelley it was left oodrufi occupied a short time in interesting until another meeting to choose two more to reminiscences of days when Bro. Home and make the number comnlete. The Co Proa. himself wereyoung,and the great improvements expressed herself highly pleased .' with the uu lu,CUuUU3 tmtc mat t iime; ami related Year. .ana Ten Willi s, s c -- 7 Here desolation long had reigned 1 O'er barren wastes and snows, But God the desert has reclaimed It blossoms as the rose; And while astray from holy lands, No hope the red man knew, , 'I he Book of Mormon brought him joy And shaped his life anew.. re-elect- . - . Ea-tmon- ' !SS?r. 7 And here to Him in Sabbath hour. ' In gratitude we bend, Oh may HistSpi:it's quickening power, Our listening hearts attend. Help us to.know Thy holy will, ' And faithful servants be; That rising from this life we'll find Our selves at home with Thee; ; r My sisters so dear in meeting you here At this our first monthly meeting, A word I would say in my own humble way,' - By way of Godspeed and a greeting. ' " Of topics quite new, there are not a few, To which we might give our attention, And principles grand, revealed by God's hand, Would be noble themes for reflection. . So here like the flow'rs, amid sunshiny showers, May we be refreshed, and renewed, To take up the strife, in the battle of life, V ith new courage, and vigor imbued. , And thus we'll go on, 'tis not very long r" Ere Zion will rise in her might; And women we'll need, that are women indeed, That will struggle for truth and the right. 1 - And is it not true 'tis pleasant to view A true band of sisters together? - And if we do good, in the way that we should, Our Fathef will bless us. forever. R. M. Fox. Nov. 30, 1.891. On Sunday attained Jan:! I 7,-18- 92 VETERAN. Patriarch Ji the ripe age. of four score years. OhMohday his family and friends assembled by invitation to honor him and celebrate the anniversary of his birth. The children and grandchildren and friends that wtre gathered on this happy occasion were about as many as the number of his years. Hie party vas given at the residence of his daughter and son in law Bro. and Sister . 0. James.. Pres. W. Woodruff with whom Bro. Home had associated was long been .1 Tlrf fiin ft- aisotirres. ueo. v. cannon, auu nw. M. Cannon and Pres. Jos. E. Taylor, Arjps O. Bishop P. Whitney and Bishop Geo. H ' ior, Bro. David James also SisterZina D . -- r-v-- t - d 5 May this little band, increase in the land, In numbers and knowledge and grace; May wisdom here grow, and the good spirit flow, And truth ever beam in our faces. iAnd here if we wou'd, 'tis right that we should, Discuss all important, great'qucstions Take line upon line, in their order and time, BIRTHDAY OF Sf!64Ufe uio-pasi- t GREETING TO THE PRESS CLUB. worknpFperfecfion; Ptel d, workers Sure ofsuccs' iu the nim ail spoke ol the.r coming year. A vote o)f thanks-wLMveni to friendship and esteem for ft TTmn on,i the several Committees for the efiicitnev in him continued blessings of which family they have performed their different prosperity, health aad happiness-I- t labors. After singing and prayer Adjourned. was a most delightlul evening, and a Mary A. Evans, Sec. sweet-spiriand influence seemed shed abroad American Fork, Jan. 4th, 1892. and filled every heart. Bro. Home responded 10 me remarKs maue in a very happy manner, alluded to earlier experiences and hi, S. L. CO. W. S. A. gratitude in receiving the Gospel in his early manhood. Sister M.'l. Home his wife, (their The regular monthlv nuettiiifr of the Silt marriage dates back 65 years and more,) directed her LakeW.S. A. .was held in the 13th ward remarks principally to tho yoang members of Assembly Rooms, Jau. 19th 1892 Pres. the family, who know little of the trials and Jblizabeth tlowartl in the chair. Ujieucu by privations their parents have end u red now singing from the SufTrage Song Book "0 coino when surrounded with so. many comforts and come away" by Mary Ai Freeze. luxuries. Sister Home related a few incidents Minutes ot the Prayer last meeting read and approved. iu her past life, that were very telling, and Roll called, after which several new members calculated to make a lasting impression upon were voted in and the programme was carried me young people, liro. and bister ilorne are out as follows, fcpeech.byo C. C, .R. ..Welia ,.afiiieJookmg-ea.pIndnbdWa-rai1"subjcW'WliaUlo wTgain by meeting together '. is a one. The as an association, Reading by Dr. E. S. though large very exemplary eldest son, who also ha3 quite a large family, Barney "The Woman's Manual of Parlia-reside- s in Arizona and was not present at the rnentary Law". also -- sketches "' from The one - daughter Mrs. Nora b Woman's Club Book." Elizabeth Piico cave birthday atherintr; O '" . . . . j Borne Spencer came from Idaho to participate 'I some items on the Constitution and mentioned in the family festivities. that the association contemplated having a A most delicious repast including ice cream gocianie some timo m tuo "near luture the and other delicacies as well, was served by the time and place to be anon need later on. Vice daughters and grand daughters of the aged Pres. Caroline E. Dye made a brief speech. and venerable patriarch. Such gatherings Vice Pres. Phebe C. Young said soma ladies and family reunions are pleasant and propaid their membership fee, had their names ductive ounity and. kindly feeling, promote enrolled and seemed to think their duty done, affection and engender those tender sentiments which was well so far as it went, but "of to be educated on that bind together those whose lives as they course thev could notexnect i sometimes drift wider apart. A the suffrage question without attending the grow older, is life ul usef and deserving of honor and association and taking a part in it. Pres." long the example of such men a$ Bro. Jos. Home is Howard expressed her pleasure at the way in wllich the exercises had been rendered, and worthy of imitation the interest which was manifested by the ladies and-wishe- Augusta Joyce Crocher on, ITas-helpin-th- e ?00?'1 vt Central Sunday . AMERICAN FORK W. S. A. Jane' 'Cannon. E: 7 ft y-' : -- " Jfthereauseiiiswh A SOGTAE EVENT. begged earnestly of the ladies to pray tot the members of the U. S. Congress, and our Utah Legislature that they might have wisdom to guide them in their labors, Adella Eardley adyocated strict order in conducting meetings, economy of time, short speeches, variety of speakers and giving all the members an opportu nity of exerciseihg th eir ability i n tb ein anage rn enof the i associa-Z- . ti6W""3EHizabeth -- McParkne- said she liked eztremhtsl- TheLor(l had said once of Israel, Hp. would that thev were either hat or cold. liked a person with a hobby, and loved to have were fhpm ride it. beverat meetings and for the announced coming: week, present after which the meetini?n was adiourned until j hour and the third Tuesday in Feb. same place. On the evening of Dec. 30th, 1891, a company of invited guests assembled at the rpsiriPTi nf Mr. and Mr . S. 0. Crosby at Panguitch. After a cordial welcome, of the host and hostess and greetings of friends, a programme was read consisting of songs, all. of which, were - recitations and dialogues, nicely rendered. The music -- is deserving of special mention. The singing, which was accompanied by music ' on the organ, was exquisite and gave a still more elevated tone to the gathering. A sumptuous supper war served which was freely indulged in by all. Tq every respect the" entertainment was a brilliant and enjoyable one and the evening will long be remembered. After congratulating our genial host and hostess upon their happy C. C. R. Wells, Sec. manner of entertaining their friends, and r.f 11 tr ri r thanks for the same, tne .party JCLUliJAiJL: to suffer wrontrthan to do it. and It is better was dismissed With a benediction ny ires, u . hapjuer to Oe sometimes cheated thaiirnot to W. Crosby Jr. T. irusi. . , - . ; -- 1 ' C3 ; 