WOMAN'S EXPONENT 368 make a light, and after their day's work was done, they took their books and stood by a lamp po3t, to see to read. The small stones used to fil up crevices in the wall, arc :a3 essential as the larger rocks. And so are the sparer moments' wisely U3ed, they contribute to the advancement of the mind and all intellectual faculties. " BARAn -- Barah Ann Howard. J 1 (Intt aF ho cnh tmwtThinffa in fhfivunT fl 13 piaiu num. x at a tr. Temptations are a hie, which rubs oil mucb Fenelon. of the rust of our self-confidenc- e. Virtue alone outbids the pyramids; her monuments shall last when Egypt's fall. E. Young. v- - . Loving kindness is greater than laws; and the charities of life are more than alL ceremoTalmud. nies. ' .... . Scratch the green rind of a sapling, or wantonly twist it in the soil, and a scarred or. crooked oak will tell of the act for centuries to come. So it is with the teachings of youth, which make impressions on the mind and heart that are to last through life. WORLD'S FAIR NOTES. The women of Springfield and Sangamon county, JU.v are. planning to make.an extensive exhibit of Lincoln relics at the Fair. -Prince George of Wales, who if he lives will some day be King of England, will visit the Exnosition. a cablegram from London annouuc- es. ' - . The World's Fair board of San ta Clara coun. ty, Cal., has petitioned the supervisors 'for an appropriation of S300 to defray the expenses of making an exhibit from -- the ; Lick-sbserva-t- Mis3"lice Ridout, of San ory. Francisco,--ha- s been awarded the contract for sculptural work She prepared the designs some time ago. - She will receive on the Woman's Building. ' .$8,200. . ; Mrs. Amy M. Beech, of Boston will prepare an original musical composition to be rendered at the dedication of the Woman's Building Theodore Thomas will conduct the presentation and Prof. Tomlins will organize the " chorusof 400 voices. The Lady Managers are in communication with Mrsnumphrey Ward, jrequesting her to loan the original manuscript of her: novels "Robert Elsmere' for exhibition in the Woman's Building. An effort is also being made to secure the manuscript of "Ramona" from the heirs of the author, Helen Hunt Jackson, for exhibition in connection with the exnibit of the Ramona Indian School of iSew Mexico, now in process of arrangement. THORNTON COLEMAN. Sister Sarah Thorntbn Coleman departed this life March 1st, 1892, at 3,30 o'clock. She wa3 born at Little Paxton, Huntingtonshire, Lngland, June 11th, 1806; baptized into the Church of J esus Christ of Latter-daSaints at Honeydon, Bedfordshire, m June 1841. She wa3 at Nauvoo at the time of the persecution of the Saints and emigrated to Utah among the first settlers. Sister "Coleman was president of the Relief hocietv at Lehi for a number of years. She lived a faithful sajn to the end, and v ai respected and loved by all- - who knew her. At the time of her death she was aged 85 years,. 8 months and 30 days. She children, seven of whom survive her, 68 and about 105 to mourn their loss. We hope our loss will be her gain. grand-childre- n n Mrs. E. J. T. 1 - wm " weeks for 10 cents. The Woman's Journal, of Boston, and the Woman's of Washington,! Dt C, will be sent to one .; dress for &3.otJ per year. y IIVC Tri-bun- e, ad- . jb-own- tive i Keeps on Hand GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY -DRESS ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS ' AND STATIONERY, EQUI POISE WAISTSETC. Dre Itlaking: in all its branches, Ifllllluery, lates retrimmedt styles. Hats and BonneU cleaned and Feathers curled, etc. Stamping done toaorder. Rut. tons covered while you wait. Burial Salts Sjwclalty. XTzsr T7X FI ItST SOUTJISTUEET; :-- 1NO. UO Jli. Thret doors west of Theatre. B.K THOMAS . 26, 28,30and32 East 1st SouthSt, SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail Cash. Hotisr . a.K.THOMAS THE Standard Gau Death has again entered the fold and taken fromus our beloved sifter, JJaneGeither Thomas, widow of the late Daniel Claybourne Thomas. Our dearly - beloved sister was born in North Carolina on May 26fh, 18tt4, moved with her husband to Texas, where in 847, she was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints. Came to Utah In 1850, lived for several years in Lehi, then in Cedar Valley, then in Cache Valley, and for over twenty-fivyears at Plain City, Weber Co, where for many years she was treasurer for the Relief Society; the duties of which place she perfqrmedjn the most faithful and satisfactory manner until her death which occurred here cm Feb. 27th, 1892. She was a true and faithful Latter-daSaint, a good neighbor and a sincere friend. She leaves many loved ones to mourn her loss. Two sons, one daughter and a host of grand children, unto whom we the sisters of the Relief Society extend our heart-fel- t in their sad bereavement.' sympathy -Rest beloved sisteriest in peace. Almira Raymond, Pres. RAILWAYI ..THROUGH THE. . I0CKY MOUNTAINS! e Choice of Three Distinct Routes, AXD THE HOST HABHIFICEHT SCENERY RAILROAD y M. A. W. Spiers l 7 G0rt V,V Two Fast Express Trains Daily EACH WAT BETWEEN OGDEN, SALT LAKE AND DENVER. ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR CARS! 3P-s- Coun. APnEL-CARYER,Cou- A. T. - w Sadie Collett. OBITUARIES. o C, by Clara Bewick Colby. 1 . . ft v'oai." tiheorlnf !nna Trial w . ' J y Margaret Shomaker, At Kanosh Millard Co., Utah, Sister Charlotte Day, daughter of Thomas and Elizabeth Skinner. Born October 14th,183i;died March 15th, 1892. Sister Day embraced the Gospel .in South Africa, and emigrated here about thirty-twyears ago. She was among the first settlers in this place and has been an active member of the Relief Society here. She was a very quiet woman and always willing to lend .P.inA s w J f - Died at her residence in Vernal, Uintah Co., of heart failure, Sarah, wife of Bradford Bird. Sister Bird was. born October 9, 1850, in Salt Lake City. She was married to Bradford Bird in December 1867. They moved to Ashley in the fall of 1877, and in the following fall the first Relief Society of this 'valley was organized and she was selected as second counselor and faithfully filled the office for six years, when the btake was divided into wards. In the organization of the Relief Society in the ward where they lived she was called to act as first counselor which position she filled until the disorganization in March 188$. Sister Bird had been for years thi President of the Primary Association, and was greatly beloved and respected by the children. She performed a great labor among the sick and suffering of her own sex and in preparing the ueaa ior Duriai one wa3 a woman that was greatly respected by all witb whom she was brought in contact,was a firm Latter-daSaint, and always bore a strong testimony to the truth of the Gospel. ,. z s TRIBUNE. D. " . had-eig- ht 7 Edited and published w'eekly at Washington, y great-grand-childre- W 0 ftl A T1 'S TH ' r - vv s of Charge. - THE MOST TH0E0UQELY EQUIPPED RAILWAY IN THE WEST. f ' ' DR. MAGGIE C. SHIPP ; Will commence her Spring class in Obstetrics and Nursing on Monday May 9, 1892- -it her Office 18, S. Main St. MRS. M, E. VAN, M. D. HAS;REMOVED her office, from nn.,f,.,: bui a.ng to her resideuce, 67 THIRD T Office hours, 2 to 4 p.m. " fair 'fa-- "Si''- ivVrr. TREtT. " Direct Connections made in Union Depots.'" -- D. 0. DODGE, GL Bpr. A. E, WELBY, Snpt. J.' H. BENNETT, JDuTXJD TJZ&TZB C. F. OS kV.k. CO. TINNERS XSAS.WATER & STEAf1 FITTER -- AgentforRUMSEYSceIeblratedLIFTandFOUv.ifror-t- PUMPS, Pumpa Repaired on ghort notice. Order country promptly responded to S he 