WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 143 Heavenly Father that we are permitted to meet people; Bless the elements that surround unmolested from the powers of evil and from the us; and societies in several wards ahd that it may be fertile. Bless surrounding soil, thy people and though all w?re comparatively mobs, and from such things "as were experienced places, heinncomingandut-g- o -in the early days of this Church. We thank tney helped ' "those in greater, need, poorryet that rather, servants whom thy thou hast chosen and led and clothed the wandering Indians, thee that thou hast planted us safely and firmly to direct thy work continue steadfast and whom we have ever thus tried may in these fertile valleys, and that thou hast conciliate. faithful.- Bless thou given handmaidens thy who have when in 1855 In a more settled condition rich Pres. bounties of the earth,-anus the the fatness assembled to commemorate this called the of1 the soil for our to anniversary. Young upon Bishops organize a good, our comfort,, our prosMay we understand thy will and keep thy in Relief Society each ward, aqd gave Sister perity and our happiness. While we have been Bless all thy people and the honorR. Snow a mission to assist them fn Eiza' surrounded by influences which were not calcu-- 1 able of the earth . - . I. . . '.1 tW I." everywhere. Fill their hearts with lated to. lead our children m the paths of thy peace. Give unto us 'such things as we most Young ar her Counselor. Of some of these and truth Thou hast righteousness need for we desire only such things as shall preserved bring branches we have no record, . but Bishop us from the designs of, the destroyer, and from to pass Abraham Hoaglaud of. the 14th Ward in this thy purposes upon the earth. We humbly Thoti toast given ass ail these ,the powers of darkness. blessinJn the name -of Jesus City," organized a Relief Society Sept. 14, unto us a degree of light which has made our 185G and appointed Sister Phebe W. Woodnnst. Amen. hearts to rejoice and .helped us to serve thee. ruff President; and she chose Sister M. I. PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH. Thou hast given us those blessings we have asked and Southworth her Counselors. Home,Following is a synopsis of his remarks: About for. in righteousness,and power to overcome that time' Bishop N. V. Jonea also '"This Relief Society, he' said, has always had the- - 15th, ward and chose Sifter usN our of many weaknesses. Thou hast given the hearty endorsement and the approval of the organized a desire to establish righteousness in the midst First Presidency since its first organization, fifty Lydia Granger President, the 9th ward was of the people. Thou- hast given us a uesire to organized witli , Sker years ago; It had occurred to.the speaker that.it ot fi establish thi Church in the earth, and to seek would Jojjo w.ed-- bu t Jo h u sou's army ferwardj to erect a building or "coming here, and the move South, which thing We pjay that these desires righteousness . as , case kr kr i the i where buildings, there could uccurreu might be, iu iooo interrupted froni this time onward. That we may be ttie regularity a hall for the Society to meet, and winch of the work of the ami it was not until Society live with an ey single to thy glory and labor to would be in a measure He did after the return of the people to their homes, establish thy work oti earth, and bring to pass not know whether this matter had been conand when order was. again restored that the thy purposes. Vilt thou look down upon us with sidered yet. It had already been stated that the Society was perfectly organized; to bring much mer.qy. Wfe invoke thy blessing at this time Smith had about these organizations throughout the the Prophet Joseph presented Society upon the aged mothers of the Relief Society. with a'building lot, and he did not see why the several Stakes of Zion Sister .Eliza R. Snow, Many, have passed away and those that remain plan of building could not yet be carried out. It Sister Zitia D. Young and other sisters who witnessed theWablishment of that society associated with them, traveled and labored appeared to him to be an easy matter. by thy servant Joseph Smith, are few, aged, and "With regard to the gift of tongues,the speaker assiduously in all kinds of weather, and jn all feeble. Wilt thou continue thy mercies unto them said, it was one very much liable to mislead. --The sorts of conveyances to assist in making a and preserve their llyesr Let thy spirit fill their permanent success i)f this institution for the adversary can easily take advantage, of it. Howhearts with joy and peate.' Sanctify unto them every ever, where the Spirit of the Lord directs it, jt is women 01 .ion. --One or two important events bearing upon dispensation of thy pYovidence, cause that their a good thing. Sometimes, however, nersons woman's' work franspired during these years hearts may rejoice in hee and their faith be speak under the influence of a wrong spirit. . In relation to laying on of hands by sisters, the that should be mentioned in this connection. strengthened in thy premises. May thy word never fail. We pray thee from this time forth speaker said it is a proper thing for mothers, who The enfranchisement of the women of Utah which occurred in .February 1870 the bill to preserve thy saints, and these aged mothers have received their blessings in the house of God' passed the Ter ri tori al Legislature and - wasr until they are satisfied withjafe Wilt thou bless :to pray'for their.sjck and all those who are" associated wlth them IhTolugh-- - is just as.much the right of the mother as of the sigued by acting Gov. jMann, ou the 7th of Feb. two days later the X'itjr jejctiaoL- took-- . , out the length and breadthofJie land. Bless the father, although he, holding the Pneyiood, can. "trlace 'lldThlFfirsTbaTIOt cast bv women here Presidents-Counselors actd members of the Relief do itby vTrtue "of this, as vvell ain thejiame of was for Afjivor nf tlin nit v. Tif .Tiin ' "r in the Zion in and earthl the Lord, The women are not especially called Woman's Society throughout paper was issued for the first time ' foreign lands, upon the islands of the sea, upon to visit from house to house to administer to in the Rocky mountain region, the Woman's and wherever they are met together this the sick, but they can do so properly, if called Exponent. day to celebrate this 50th anniversary. Wilt In October 1876 Pres. Young called upon upon. for thankful the was thou be with them by. thy spirit to bless "The speaker opportunity the Sisters to store up grain against a day of wished and with that the the "Saints, them, to cause their hearts to rejoice before theer of meeting famine, aud in accordance with that call, fifty We ask thee to bless the mothers of Israel.and to Lord might bless the work. He exhorted all to thousand bushels of wheat have been deposited bless their daughters and bless thy servants and live their religion and do their duties faithfully. in bins and granaries mostly owned by the Relief Society. " Undoubtedly this is the first thine all thy people. We would remember Jauvoo. The After Bays of instance in theannals of history of women aged servant President Woodruff, who is bsent . E. B. Wells. By from us on this occasion. Wilt thoucause that laying up stores of wheat. : Read by Apostle A. H. Cannon. roenumerateiul that Jiaa4een 4onovby the he may be restored to perfect health and strength. Nauvoo and during Relief Society would take up too much valuable left Saints "Wheffihe. Continue the vigor of all his faculties ; strengthen their iourneyings, the Relief Society meetings time; but the works have been those of love him in body and mind , and wilt thou make known neeessari y diseon tin ued , thoug- h- the n d -- ch arity an d Typeri brmed i n t li e sprri t of unto him thy mind and thy will that he may be thy were sisters never lost sight of the institution, nor meekness and humility. : mouth-piec- e unto thy people and be a father in the promises made to them by Pres. Jos. " Central Organization! In Utah. very deed unto thy Saints ; wilt thou bless also Smith, but continued their" benevolent work. Kimball. witrjmJiis-counselo- rs By Sarah and the quorum of the wherever and whenever an opportunity Read by Apostle A. H. Cannon. twelve apostles. Cause that the Presidency of thy itself; they were always ready with presented Church and the twelve apostles shall be one in willing hands and tender sympathies to A called meeting for the election of the their Relief Societv Officers was held in tho heart, one in spirit, one in purpose, one in pdrlorm deeds of love and Chanty, ana many views for the building up of in need of such kindly acts for those- were Assembly Hall, Salt Lake City, June 19th, ana to pass of thy purposes. May thy servants 1880. Pres.. John Taylor, Sec. John Kuttal. thl. days of, toil, and of sufiermg, ot scarcity of and Stake Pres. Angus 31. Cannon on the handmaidens be devoted to the establishment and of hardship. thy Church in righteousness upon the earth. Among the foremost heroines of that event- 'stand. On motion Eliza R. Snow was elected the to preside over all the branches of the Relief O God, bless thy people with those mercies that ful time should be indelibly engraven Society in Zionr Zina D. Young and names of Vilate Kimball, Mary Ann Young they desire in righteousness. Sustain thy servants Elizabeth Ann Whitney- - were elected and people and preserve them from difficulties" and and Elizabeth Ann Whitney, these Mothers the evils that surround' them. May thy spirit in Israel with kindly deeds and loving words, Counselors, Sarah M. Kimball Sec. and M. Nuttai direct them and thy power attend them in all they, iDspiredmany a tainting iieart witu lauuanu Isabella Home Treas. (Sec-Joh- n and tor's Tread Pres. from the Book Tay spiritual by "request do. May they dedicate their lives unto thee and courage, and ministered temporal ' of Law the of of the "the ; .daughters Lord.) increase in knowledge. Grant every desire blessings) to with 1 Pres. 7th John Btrewn met not with the roses, J uly Taylor in righteousness unto thy people. Heal ' the Zion, whose paths were Relief Society in the 14th VYard HallT'gave full of thorns., and fiery trials. sick, comfort those, that mourn; look down in. but were instructions and ordained the President, to bestow but many much mercy upon thy people. Have mercy upon There werje few gifts be Counselors to and Secretary .to their various lessons o patience and resignation the 'errinz .oneixaiiihem oT Iparned in the school experience. positions. ways and bring them to. a knowledge of thy truth the in of settlement thtt in valley V.rv July 24th, 1880 the Relief Society took an that they may devote "their iives unto thee. Help rucs gi ttiju'vtricuizttiua ui x lull cc an .uoJi itcKnowicager inee.iu -- - com-mandmen- ts. 1 1 A. " - . . . - Jfi - bran-excelle- nt nue may-conti- - . . - 1 a 1 1 1 r self-sustainin- g. . . 4 . ' ; " " " r ' , . , - - . . 1 J. . ToxijivthgtJ - . hundrbf . ' Mo-t- u 