W 0 J.f A K S - EX P OiN E NT , and she desires the company in which they move to be pure and upright. j No, matter how degraded a woman may have become herself, she wishes hot only to seif her own son3 and daughters virtuous, but also those with whom they may associate. Men do not give women the credit of being smart enough to vote. If the mothers are capable of rearing son3 that can vote, why not her daughters, you would not see a lady reel up to the Ballot Box; and not know for whom "she was" voting as you will some men, and you would not see a mother selling her vote for liquor or ameal,a drunken father is allowed to vote while a good mother cannot say who shall govern her sons and daughters; why eveu tramps have been allowed to vote. For whom do they vote? Men of the best and finest type? no, that wa3 not the object of their ' . J v.otv ng.-- -- Wou Id you find women doing such a degrading thing? I think not, they, would do their best to get an honest meal; you will not find them tramping, begging for something to eat from persons that are sober and industrious. Some men do hot think that the wife has time enough to vote, but I think women can make time for that, it does not take long to deposit a ballot, that i3 a very poor excuse. She- needs a rest from sweeping and dusting and looking after domestic affairs, the mother would not spend jbe same time in voting as her husband would; after she had. cast her vote, you would see her returning to her home and to her family, to look after their welfare; not going away to places for drink, or loafing on tncstreet cornors. Some tell us we are likely to be insulted if we eo to vote: whv need we fear anvthinp- of the kind?, why not go arm in "arm .with our husband or brother? if a woman has property she is forced to have the time to pay her taxes and it would not take her any longer to vote than to pay taxes, and she meets the same class of men at the one place, as she does at the other. If we are to be taxed the same ai - - - went fcjtrnv. A ' l' ' twl :01 ?naicont ellurt and from ill nir(a interesting and profituhUm o respectfully ongratuHte the 4A 6aiu uuu again to study it with jhe-nati,, ueueral Coufprpnfi nftha i ever increasing delight. But like l Lauren rt'ijre us, peter sentod by was human and his assembly on the majority vol caused him to of ministersyour and laity: in favor of- the equal la'!; r wta Pre,ccdeJ afar the'Tollowiug in the cinrils ot the participation, of women off; had he kept close to his " Lord, Hie would church wherein not have fallen. Those who have they form of the reached We believe this action repremembership. three score and ten, or fourscore ye trs, can on sents the most intelligent public opiniou oi the ooking back see many times that they have fbl and present we time, as women ":woikcM lowed afar off until there, has come again and await with earnest expectation the funvard again a gentle reminder, a tender look which movementj7jnlone of the vorld's -- grra us: to : has, caused l? uuT it . - i KWtari" is mis J " as the forerunner of such universal experience which forces usttflool forward a action-othe part of all churclie.as shall iew jears, with sorrow of heartwhen- - the realize tlie New Testament declaration, "There young people of this cornmunity, wili benn to is neither male nor female,, but ve are all one see. the emptiness of worldly pleasure and will ut Christ Jesus." wish they had not thrown away so many" gold-e- n On behalf of the National C mncil of , ? tc s,if-relianc- e - two-tliird- ' test-churc- -- . 1 . i 1 1 1 God-give- n -- yotnrwrjitjerf : Annie C. Hindley. "WILL YE GO AWAY?" No, Lord we have loved thee too long and too ardentlyto rgo r awayrfrom" theel l ;Away finm thJe? Onr Kps't fripnd onr brother our advocate with the Father, thou who hast away our sins by the shedding of thy heart's put lln.whn hasr firpi? fn nnrfh.isp, for lis the - bliss t)f heavn4nhose namelLlone we can be saved? We are constrained to say in the language whom shall we go? Thou of St. Peter, "Lord,-thast the words of eternal jifer "And we believe and are sure that Thou art that Christ, the Son of the living God." .Noble Peter we cannot help loving him for Ms iWnps and courage in, confessing his -- - r o IrpljAYj ar.a sympathy Which springs from common weakness." So often we stumble and fall, that we turn with a kind of. relief to him whose Jeps faltered verrar ouiandSometim"eTa3 sadly hes n opportunities. -- Oh! ye young-LittDay 'SaTutsT manyb? you have professed to receive the gospel in your native land, you have been baptized into the Church of Christ, you have crossed the ocean in order to live with the Saints in the land of Zion, but how is it how? Many of you rww are iieu?ures wnien cmjui provided by the Gentile world on the Sabbath for your - er W menoLlh.Uiiited-States,- " - - Yonrsrwith " high esteem, 7 ; May Wkigiit Scwall, President. Rachel Fostki; Aveuy, Cor. Sec. The G)rresponding Secretary was directed to write to the Secretary of the Natioual Divorce 4leform Lea?ue. Dr. ft.i Auburndale, Mass., stating the desire of the overthrow. Council that women be placed iinnn tim n Others prefer and that the Council has alrwlv nnnnmtr.,1 to meeting with the Saints to listen to the instructions ofGodY committee to urgo this point with the Leaguo servants. Does reading a novel increase An interesting discussion was wit Yivt relish for the Bible, Book of Mormon, or your the report of the Dress Reform Committee. any was oilier sacrea dookj uoes it help jou to cultiu decided to have the on vate the spirit of prayer, .while your seat in Dress, which ha? been preparedSymposium Comthis by God's house is vacant? No, it does not. A miftpfi fnr tha O.. novel reader is seldom a reader nfsarp.l .. The following resolution, offered by Mrs. Many and various are the trap3 set by the E. B. Grannis, President of ihe National world for your unwary feet, am! when for the Promotion of Social you fall Purity, wai 41 into mem, they say in their hearts. AW sn unanimously adopted: would we have it." Then comes the stinc: for Resolved, That it ii the sense of the Execuevery sinful pleasure is provided with a Rtin. tive Council of Women of 4he United State?,' ready to pierce you as soon as thegraiification that the Health Boards of and A us' is over. Well will it be for you if the Lord tria have set a true key-no- Hungary for the should give you such a look "as lie did Peter, by urging that legislation be had to which will cause you to ween-biter-lv. Tip.- member you will be called tci ive an account of prevent the wearing of ionggkirts upon-th- e street, in view of the fact that such. skirts gith-e- r up poisonous material from the filth nf h streets, and thus endanger the public health. . , 1 a t inL . 11.. oi the national Council, iue r;rauenc xuay Wright bewail, gavo a most encouraging m.M w w J WVIVUOIJ i i and He will do it,but fli3 Spirit will not strive report of the progress of the Council mnvmnt with us tor ever, i our Kefeemer is asking in foreign countries. - Ami nMtU nf tW w, ' you in tender pity, "will ye also go away?" meeting of the French women held in 1880, the inspiration to which was given by the In Oh! let your answer be,"Lord to whomhall we C. ' i teruational Council at Washington in 1888, a Ml kosf f l ' . .1 i r C . ... . got National Council of the Women Mary Y. Corby. has been formed, and is ready to act in conjunction.: with 'the National Council of thy WOM AN 'S NATIONAL CO UJSCltt United States, through the International Cou n cil of ,1 Women. In Fin land t he national bodies of women are federated through The annual business meeting of the Nationthe effects of Baroness Alexandra Griponber'f, al Council of Women.. was held at Chicago, the representative of that country in the International Council of 1888. The three ScanMay3,lO. A report from the Committee on Ennal dinavian countries, Norway, Sweden and Denmark, have lately formed a Scandinavian Wages for Equal Work, from its Chairman, iirs. riarnet iaylor Upton, wras read by the Council 'cQVomen. Injttaly, a sortpf of women haiTjecn formed, with Correspond i ng Secretarj. 7" Irreported progress in the work of presentinlr to and 'ufkws7 uvon QueenMargherita as its leader and chief of "V ficer." jCongress a bill to secure to government emMrsMBM. .Wallace. -P-reitdcnt-nf I m ployees equal wages for equal work regard les.i - for IUinoiIndustrial Reforra-Sch- ool Girls,; " member of the Natioual Council,, informed the -- The --President and Secretary Tere"directed meetinor of a convention of Industrial Ifp.fArm by the meeting to send to the Ueneral ConferSchools which was held in Chicago, . May S5. ence of the M. E. Church in session at Omaha, MrsrWallacs expects the result of" this mp.-tIn the care of Bishop Fitzgeraldr a letNe, ter on the avl mission of women as members of ing to bo a national association of such schools. In case of the formation of such an associati n. the. Conference. The following letter, signed if it shall enter the Council. Mrs. Wallas by these two officers, was sent: hinkithe school of which she is a renraentn. To the General Conference of the M. E. Church, representing the same idea. Th.Q National Honored Friends: On Tuesday morning, Mrs. Frank Stuart Council of .Women of the Upited States, 'representing Parker, a member of the Council's C mniittee JtiJaHjuiiiiial meeting sixty-twa- : separate -- 'on Dress; gave sonie interesting' information national societies of wamen, in all jiepar-- ; onj the .subj ect, , s poke ofJ"tha la rgV Dress Re- - novel-readin- g - h! So-cie- te lre-refor- . ty m M. f. V 7 cause iamilv trouble, why should it man should not be selfish enough to want his wie to vote the way he does, the wife has the same right to use her own judgment as the husband has; for she will lend her influence in the direction nine eases out of ten. . right i t ii r' mat, ourselves m tnese mailers lec us educate when we sret our franchise we may appreciate it3 full value and not abuse it. Let us honor it as a right is the desire of one of s n-p- . arfrne ' .'. - . - 11 ( v. . 1 1 ! -- t -- Na-tiojhaljD- lub - V : '" " i T - - - 