EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 48 receive the Gospel, ihey will marry! When thev have learned that in this, the most jmK)rtant event of their lives they require the light of the Holy Spirit to guide them, and humbly conic before our Father, will- that unions here nig to le guided, realizing ' and' proving" hotild reach into their faith by' their works, there will no worldly considerations enter into their adiiiduxurvv-au- d is T not our dilation uixn4his subject.- llutl-wh- atthe mind aiuEwill of the Lord? Father pass the in idle frivolity and in " iruide me to the- one, with whom I can j .pandering to the ways of the world, but the jouru ey in unity "amtoT ' and all eternity. require of us the jewels , committed to our Why should people marry, unless they care, and woe unto us if we have betrayed To multiply their the trust. marry in this spirit? I will close my article with a few words species? To what end? That their offspring Preserve yourmay be destroyed when ripe in iniquity? to the daughters of Ziou. be When the sins of the fathers shall selves in purity from the contaminating inj .. self-wille- " " etti-ruity- , iiii pt NDlSTJVTlONERYQUIrirzriZZ! POISE WAISTS, ETC. - latpg fires Having: in nil its brandies iTlilllnery, denned mid ritrimmed( and SJonnts lints yt.,hers cur el. etc. .Stamnlnsr dorc io order. Kut. Wiif , -- unit. tctvfr whi4yu Q W 1NO. "reiterate, "make yourselves worthy of the best and noblest of men and resolve to ac cept no other" no .matter what his social or ' keep his commandments? Our beloved brother further says: "Al ready some mothers are indulging in the fear, and almost seem ready to justify them-t- ; selves in the thought, that if their girls" inarry they must go outside of the Church ' to find husbands. " "The indulgence in such a thought prepares the way for such a result to be brought . about." My opinion upon this point is, that no who is a Jitter-daSaint at- - heart f and realizes the position in which she stands, can for one moment entertain such an idea as giving herself in marriage to a Gentile! Indeed it would manifest a weakness, and a lack of moral courage, which any w : ell-balanc- Saint young lady would be ashamed of. ;Forifshe had any leaning that way, she would not dare, if: r3hcidt7rsto tempting bait. My opinion dillers considerably from the young .nian whom I have before quoted: "who. could not ask a girl to step down and occupy an inferior position;" I think that though a girl be accustomed to all the luxuries, which wealth can procure, that w hen she is united to a good and noble man, though he be poor, she is exalted thereby, to an extent to which-shnever can attain alone, then how jmueli inore is she:: raisedin the scale of exaltation by becoming united to ' one endowed with tne Holy Priesthood; with its Av.ohdrous powers and privileges which she shares in connection with him. She steps up from the .groveling things 'of this earth, ami grasps the eeaith of Gold is the power of this world. The Priesthood is the power by which - worlds -- were formed and created, we have it; and are the richest people upon the! face, of the earth , - tholigir "we were" clothed in rags! Now as to the mothers who "almost financial condition in life, favorable or otherwise, they will only' endure for time, but see. that he possesses those qualities that w'ill elevate him to the position of an exaltation in the celestial kingdom, and you cultivate those qualities that will exalt you to" a place by his side, then you will have taken a step toward the high destiny to which you are entitled by being born in Zion.in the New and Everlasting Covenant of the Gospel, and if iir the providence of God out Heavenly Father, you may have lo wash for a living, be sure it will not degrade you! honest labor can never do -- that. What wealth could our elder brother boast of while he sojourned here upon the earth? Did He not say, "The foxes have holes, the birds of the air have nests, but the' Soil of --Miui:lmtlrnot"wiiere ra3rb'"hend, nndl are we better than He? . We have to be tried in all things; that we r.iay know for ourselves the bitter as well as the sweet, and hold all things at their true value; then let us labor to "lay up treasures in heaven, 'where moth and rust doth not corrupt, nor thieves break through and steal," that when we shall come into our inheritance, it may be,, an everlatsing one, and we shall know: that we have earned it. C. C. 11. W. the-Gods- thought, that if their girls marry they must &u uuiMue ui me niircii to mm husbands." What a sacrifice they are willing-linake! When they left home, father, mother, all o their kindd iiiuau -- of their ancestors, antlall they held dear in this world, for the 'Gospel's sake and Ihe hope of eternal life which ii held out to them in that 'hour, "what would they have said to one who would have tempted them ! ; S.K.THOMA 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st Soulh St. , SALT LAKE CITY, netail The Leading Cash ousr, E.K.THOMAI THE RIO 'nV', . Li. Staniard Gauge C. t RAILWAY! ..THROUGH THE ROCKY MOUNTAINS! - Salt e -- , HAS REMOVED -- y - D. -- . . Si: li. VAN, J.I.; MRS stij,U!sjmeyiai land,, those who will not serve him and from her high position as' a Saint of' the most liigh who ignores Him! though millions were the Tim e doors west of Theatre. - ivlii y UO ill. her office, from Constitution fluences of the world, and above all, as I .Building to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. said in an article which I wrrote upon the. Offjce hours, 2 to 4 p m- visited upon the children 'to the third and fourth generation?" For has not God revealed, in this day and age in whichwe live, Latter-da- liurlttlilliaiSpeclnltj-- I'lUST-SOUTllSTItlSIST- "TXTo, . ' Hand , Keeps on . . - 9. " time-awa- - j DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS dutvr-we-inare- vel j - each other to good. d by-prece- - : The best friends are those who stimulate with a man of the world attached? has the elittcr of old so blinded them that they have lost 'sight 'of the greater riches of eternity, if so," then no wonder that their daughters wander away. ' If our children and will not be controlled are and a ml we doour dii ty Tjy them example, then our skirts are clear of their blood; but woe unto us as parents if we do Lakis City, May 20, 1 89: Choice of Three Distinct Routes, AXD THE OF RtiSPECP. Whereas the AUwise Father has seen fit to remove tmr dear sister, Orella Hansen Edwards (rom this sphere of action, to a more exalted one above, therefore be it Resolred, that we, herassociates in the" Relf Society of the Diaz Ward, do deeply mourn her loss and that we cherish her memory and emulate her many virtues. We am truly say that her failings "e'en lean s side:;j5he manifested H true J? whicn flows from a sense of nhar chanty duty, and 1 MOST MAGNIFICENT RAILROAD IPi mpathizerwitTT .lx4liaLKmi:erely-siends and colaborers .as. die was ler mr a faithfat ;T y aborr in the Manti soul delighted in this work. Temple. Her whole wc a ot this to the PPy U and a!so I:xix)xent, place a copy on our record. well dear sister, rest in peaciind may the grant thatur future be as brightand hone-L- il as thine. THE WORLD. Two Fast ; SCENERY Express-Train- Daily s EACH WAT BETWEEN OGDEN, SALT LAKE AND DENVER. ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR CARS! r Fye:of Charge. 'Birecrconnections-made in Union Depots. T3E MOST THOROUGHLY EQUIPPED RAILWAY' IN THE WEST. ;, '::''"'.y B.C. DODGE, A.:E. WEE2Y, V J.H.BENNETT, jiFart i - ' : Lvcv E. Johnson, President. Anna Jokgensen, Verona Whiting, ,,,, Counselors. TINNERS GAS.WATER &. STEAM FUTER t Agent for RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFT and FOlU Uiip. Pomps Itepaired c!ft Bhort notice. Order fx on. .ftgfecntry proajptij-rewpbnder- " to. JSS. 2:i 3S. SALT LA IE 7. 