n ' .1 X . - r mi The Rights of the Women of Zion.and the Rights of the Women of Vol. 20. sALT'LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUARY CONTENTS. A POETRySaint-VaientineslJay- - On Finding Some Flowers Under tFe5nowZM. A. Y. Greenhalgh. - The Ministry of Sorrow-Eliza- beth Lyle Saxon. Parting E. R. S. Written for thc Woman's kind old saint, is Saint Valentine ' """"Traveling over land and ocean deep Kindly meeting friend and foe ab'ke, ' Gaining from each a secret to keep;, " ' ' Locked in the treasury of his heart' Until another glad Valentine's day," --When secreniennrnprtT" That is Saint Valentine's way. There, guided bya Father's hand,- And tended by His watchful care, They'll live and progress in the land And life, immorta'Iwith him share. . Thus, when we lay our lov'd ones down cheerless-sod;- -Beneatl4he snow-el- ad We know they'll rise and wear a crown Fashoned by theirs, and natures God. A -- Xor4et onttimicdane care allure From works of love, and thoughts divine. M. A. Y. Greenhalgh. : 7 Meadow, Jan." 20, 1892." r: - Deae Sister Wells: A ; : ; 7- - LETTER FROM MEXICO. old saint, is Saint Valentine,. When his kindness is turned to hate, Saddening some kind gentle heart, Like a message of love sent too late; Throwing a shadow of sorrow and pain-- ' Over the sunshine of their day, : rleavtng6nFali1names a stain, That is not, Saint Valentine's way. happy old saint, is Saint Valentine, Wandering about, over hill and dale, Like trusting youth, meeting youth, Telling to each, of love, a wondrous tale, Bringing to each fair cheek a blush, Fair, as the fairest blojsomsjpf May Whispering their loves in a voice hushed, That is Saint Valentine's way, A glad old saint, is Saint Valentine, Stealing a peep, where none is allowed, Seeing two gray heads, growing gray together, Over his missiles of tender love bowed. The lines of love shine bright as ever, The paper now yellow with age and decay V Grows to each heart, dearer and dearer, . " That is Saint Valentine's way. . . L.S. D. Feb. 14th 1892, .; FINDING SOME FLOWERS UNDER THE SNOW. - This morn I brushed the snow away From where last year the violet grew, And there a tender blossom lay ' Of perfume rich, and violet hue. I raised its modest drooping head 'ilh gentle hand, and wondering mind, Uhy ere the snow and frost had fled, I should this And. gem of spring-tim- e " r;.-;r-:rr:- : ' - ; w "well-Tar- e Knowing the interest you have in the of the saints, I send you a few lines that '. yoii and . the - readers - of the Exponent may know how we fare in this far off land of Mexico. -- While you are having severe weather and are we are having beautiful enjoying sleigh-ride- s warm sunny days. The ground is dry, birds ana it is hko a Deaumui may uay are sino-inin Utah. We have had some severe weather and two" or three Jittle gcuda olsnow but it lasted buta.fewJipursYerytle-rain--fe- ll during the summer, in consequence crops were liVht and Drovision3 are "high," butter 50ets. 30, cents per lb. potatoes 4 J, flour 7, dried fruit of Though times are hard the spirit improvement is not dead, but is manifesting itself in the building of comfortable cottages, and additions to houses. 1 WereJwIMlrjg: a large addition to our school honse, when finished it will be used for an Academy, h aving four we are rooms, and will be a blessing to us for in ' need of "ItT We are blessed with" many credit to their bright children who gave much have had this Teachers in two exhibitions they winter. The holidays, were spent -pleasantly and re was a meeting- in the morning' oTjietlp-rTheof songs, on Christmas and a programme the afternopn the speeches and recitations. In children enjoyed a picnic party, and in the after "many days." .'..'; for adults. On New M. evening there was a dance" the with same excepthe much Colon was 1892. Jan. ia, Diaz, Mexico, Year's it 24, tinn of a fellowship meeting in ine mormu i omnt. rnrp.vftileo. Jlanv in wmcu au ciwucuk Give what you h'avt; Jo some one it may be borne showing the interesting testimonies were remarkable manner in ' which oar I ather better than you dare to think. Longfellow, c - pro-gram- . - N There had been, an Election in La Ascension and through some irregularity the votes had been cast aside and men who were not popular with the people had been appointed.- - A mob gathered and the Presidentee, or Mayor, hi3 Secretary, and his br6ther-in-la- w were killed. The majority of the residents of the town seem to hate been in sympathy with the rebels,so that there were not men suificien t on , th e otherl side. property. A call. was made upon our settlement for help, many of our brethren responded, and guarded the property; but they did not want to shed blood unless they were in -- sea -- defensor jDugeaio-ac-s- oJefe Politica and troonsrom Paso Del Norte came to quell the uprising and on their arrival,the men who had been under arnis at the mill, dispersed and went to their homes where BVkuv cujjuzv:u. liii icuut a Tere alter waras arrested without 'further bloodshed. We had been praying for this, for if there had been fighting our, bfethren would have had to take -- : part. The President and his brother-in-lawere friends to our people, who feel very bad about their death and sympathize with their families- Some of the leading; brethren paid them a visit and comforted them and expressed their sympathy, told them of our belief concerning ueaiuauu me rtsurrecuou iney appeared IQ appreciate their visit very much.. The dead men lay in state, dressed in black dress suits with ' their arms folded over their breasts. Burning candles with bows of black ribbon on them stooa at each end or the Uatatalque. They were buried quietly, no demonstration whatever at the funeral l'-Ll. Several officials TrromasoJDejrteljirid -- from A seensionvisit afternoon meeting on Sunday the 17th inst. The children rendered an impromptu very creditably. At the afternoon meeting they jbeard the first principles of the Gospel, and a powerful testimony of the truth of the same. A lawyer present, who was one - the T said it was a verv philosophical discourse.' They geemed well pleased with us and what weT had done, and:it is hoped inuch g()od will suit from their visit. The lawyer wanted a hy.nn book for his wife who speaks English, and the Jefe wanted1 a Book of Mormon, both of which they re- ceivedi , ; - Thus another opportunity was afforded to sow the "good seed, which "Like bread east upon the waters," let us hope will be found' , Oh, tiny fldwret, sweet and pure I fain would linger at thy shrine, " A sad oi wnat would loliow. So shall immortal spirits rise, From earthly gardens here below. "To bloom 'neath heaven's eternal skies Atidthroughran endtess rsurnnTer grow.. A all,-lesso- ns Lcaused-gre- a - Exponent. - quite--unlock- ed watched the plants at close of year And marked them wither, fade,- and die, And yet be 'ore the spring is here, They're looking upward to the sky. DAY. generons old saint, is Saint Valentine Remembering alike, the rich and the oor. , From mansion to cottage he goes v r Ji k o wa dediypending wayjetoverty's A message true he leaves to each To some, scarcely kn6ws what to say. To of ,JpyehewouldJ.each: is That Saiht Valentine's way. proof of the Creator's power That can fromeathjyounSfe.xerLew. I . sjuNT VALENTINE'S Home-Dramat- I read a lesson from that flower A lesson old, yet ever new. A No. 15. answer the prayers of and provides for hij children. During rhfl Chr Glub- - played "Foiled"' tcT ic I full houses, and did very welL Oneof the "Club" painted all the scenery which waa very creditable. In our quiet little town there is not much new3 to write to our friends, and some of us were wishing a few weeks ago that something would happen to break the monotony. Something-, for dtifhTrih tht . "37 D. LT 15, 1892. larther seareh revpslM m Two purple pansies.bright and rare, 9JUastAuluma'-s4eavthey grew And bloomed ,and nestled snugly there Burn's saw "within the. harebells eye"- The proof that nature had a God, The violet showed me God was nigh . And used his power beneath "the sod. ' Letter From Mexico M. N.-'W. S. . B.Jlesolut!onsof-NVA-VVr-S.-AT-FarS. A. ty at Centerville Mary Rockwood. Memoir ol Catnarine k. Woodbury K. B. V Letters., L. L. Greene Richards.. Utah W. P. Club E. M. I. A., and P. A. ReR, Shipp. R. S., Y.-ports. Notes and News. Rest a Little. Editorial: In Memoriam. Editorial Notes. Example is Better Than Precept S. M. P. Faith in Prophecy R. M. F all Nations. nf . me -- 