WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 79 i are called to preside over us. Spoke of the teachers who were called to visit instructed them to . j)ray with them when they visited them on their various blocks. Take" words of' kindness,"" with them; get them to attend their .meetings; teach the yoiing tile truths' of the gospel, to be' industrious, economical, as vell as as receiving their offerings for the poor. the-sisters- nCiit of the United istates is at present half Republican m form, as the men choose periodically their representatives, both as to tlie law making body and the :l chief executive. To be a ptire Democratic the whole body of the people would have" to meet to pass laws,! which is not possible in any but a small state. The government of some of the early English colonies were of this sort. - Human beings are social and a law of their nature, compels them to live together in communities, and being selfish and wick- - , -- i Brother Latham, had known many of the listers who were here-t- o day over-3- 0 years, knew them to be women of God, they have been faithful to their trust, saoV'Ijraxm father to bies those who are called to pre side, also every officer jiiid member of this Society." The teacher's should carry the Gospel' when they visit, let your mission be one of peace look after the poor, spiritually as w:ell as temporally, teach the,, young, explain to them the principles b'f truth that they may not be led away by the allurements : edustJ5esubject-to-controi-and-restraint- 7 When the people in a certain given district organize themselves for this purpose they become a State, and the- - authority which tlley exert either directly or through chosen representatives, Is civil government. This government derives Its powers from the State (which is the people) and is answer-aWf- Again our debating schools and clubs of' various kinds are mainly devoted to study- ing parliuieutary rules, and how to conduct debates, rather than to that class of knowledge which should precede it. Those who have been observant have here detected a tendency rather to study such points as would serve to overreach and harass an opponent, than to understand how to conduct the business of a public meeting with justice to all, and the greatest possible dis... ;. patch. these1 motives in- Studies pursued-wi- th stead of broadening and deepening the understanding, and justifying the judgment, are oftener a hot-be- d in which plots are propagated, schemes sprouted, and trickery," chichanery and fraud nourished into ma' : . . turity. ; , Ladies are supposed Jt to know little or rrrothingf govefimieiit or kindred subjects; : -- eminent under which we live, with the fyouthi: ex- but many realize that even if they were never to vote it wrould still be necessary for them to understand a great deal about the government under wiiich they are to live, for ' President Christina Thompson of Eden ception of Territories, and women; in study- . r being present said, "I was with the' sisters ing iimis science 01 power, many nave mis-- , of the 6th Ward at their first organization, taken politics for civil trovernment. and was present at the reorganization and to day some of the privileged class of male voters the law like nature, makes no allowance for who think they know enough to make lawTs ignorance or mistakes. It presumes every ' meet. with them, to participate in this reorganization. . I was called to preside over for all humanity, have talked to me asif person to be acquainted with its provisions, trie. Primary Association of Edert, which jtney thought parliamentary rules was civil which is really a great piece of presumption ' when it is remembered that till within a few position I held' for seven years; Have since government. A great nidny of our bright young people years Vvvoinen were excluded from law been called to preside over the Relief r Society of that place,still hold that position! have begun their studies laboring under schools. This government was not a new idea I merely speak of these things, that you may various hallucinations, which is greatly to be ' know I am one with "you in the church and deplored' as it has a tendency to degrade the- built u ) without a precedent, nor yet a comkingdom of God. Meeting adjourned by sentiments of purity, honor and even venerplete jperfect and finished thought; but those who laid its broad and strong foundations singing, "O, my Father." Benediction ation with which the subject should be Wherever the interests of per- 'were familiar with the theories and results: pronounced by Counselor Arnold G. - ... sons, or parties, are appealed to instead of of other governments, and while from the , Giauque. rich sources of the past they built the best E. W. CoNDiESec. patriotism and honor, the tendencies are degrading; local elections, or the heated debates possible structure for the present, they, look-- : : and inflammatory- - speeches during- - politicaF ed to future generations, - when " theory had SUFFRAGE SPEECHr me proper places inwnicn- ' become practice to improve, modify and . campaigiibarenui ' . .. !. i. ' , it. : tu uu uiue uie uue spirit ana perfect 01 genius Delivered before the; Suffrage A ssociation the greatest government on arth,3 MerL ZTbereis nothing: arinfluehlced- - by ' pressures 1 of inherited a careful study will not reveal in the greatT No education is considered quite complete opinions sectional prejudice and motives of magna, chart Ar wrested by the English in modern times that has not been enriched sordid interest, and often by individual hate Barons, from King John in A. D. 12 15. by a broad general understanding of the and malice, according to their different tem And there is nothing in human law,, that is principles and civil powers of the governperaments, teachings and just and meritorious that the seed thought" ment under which, the individual may live, Among these the strongest and occupations. most lasting from where it sprung can not be found jn and the duties of citizens toward that govinfluence is that which a youth imbibes day that great charter, given by God to the ernment. The exercise of authority, the after day at the traditional fireside, which is Children of Israel amidst the thunders of v. ; making and administering of laws, restraint, more olten the dining table in his father's Mt Sinai. control,direction and regulation,by the state house and over which his mother presides. If the sacredness of the duty, the grandof its citizens. How and where the state If there he learns that a man who owns eur of the trust devolving upon each person secures or derives its powers; and by learn is once thoroughly impressed upon the sheep must be a Repubiican, because there source and the know what the extent, clears the brain of the vapors ing is to be undue advantages given to that sacred rights of the individual are. smoke of conflict, lifts the motives out particular class, or that the man who labors and This applies to women as well as men. with! his muscle must be a Democrat be- of the slums and bogs of local personal and no amount of merely ornamental ac cause that party are pledged to squeeze capi matters, and enables the happy possessor, to complishments. quite atones for. the absence tal in the interests of the indigent no mat- - see the grand results" beyond the depth of of the deep under "strata of power and duty Uef why they are-sor if he hears his father narrower conceptions. of the that developed by study science, up say he will vote for abase immoral man he- Again I say if woman were never to have on which rests the entire fabric of civiliza a cause he is smart and can push the interests vote, or attend a primary meeting, she ; tion. ot his party,, or that he will vote against a should still know a srreat manv things oer-From text books we learn that the State good officer, and a good man, because he taining to this subject. For instance: why derives its powers from God and is answer differed with him on some trivial question the United States did not remain under the able to Him lor the exercise of that power. of, perhaps, o a personal nature, . indelible . rule of Great Britain. Why the great enNo doubt many of you will be surprised to i reasons, deavor of the patriot mthrs seemed W imprinted on the minds of the chil-hear this, for a large number of those en- :dren who sit silent perhaps, but drinking in throw the safe guards of government and gaged in pulling the ropes, and guiding the every word,and absorbing the spirit as well. privilege around the individual. Why ship of State have conducted their affairs as First they learn that parties are something women were not named as citizens with all if they had received their power from Sheol like an unarmed banditti preying: without the rights, duties, and privileges which instead,, and that the governor of that place honor on each others interests, that occupa-- . hayvord represents! Jn-- a political senses had an appointive power, and unless they tion, and not deep rooted conviction of When the United States wras first declared conducted their business in harmony with principle shall decide party fealty, that free and independent. per the policy of the chief executive they sonal interests and even personal prejudices Why the powers of gqveramentand are to be considered before the conscientious diyidecTwith: sucrTTnice disOTm mignrqe asKeorto- resign: The term civil government includes all duty of a citizen They learn that iritellect between Congress, the Supreme Cuurt, the the forms of artificial regulation, that is necessary to success but not moral charac President and the people; so that power must answer-- to power for the trcst reposed" J. .ErPtects, a' ndpunishes. ..Absolute ter, and. that the gratifying- of some paltrymonarchies, limited monarchies, Republics, personal revenge is far superior to the duty in it. The relations of States to each other, one owes his fellow citizens and conntry." and to the general government, and how Democracy, and other forms. The go'vern- , . l .. L . -- " i . . - . ap-proach- ed. 1 4.1- A '.A. 1 . ; . 4 , ' . . :. . ;uu-derstandin- ; ; , g,it : - - - re-i!&i- !5 - " - 1 - ? ( 