JIM; ghU-of-tht-Woma -Tht-Xi- of Z ion amViU Righls of the Women Vol. 20. Mations. ( ' Woman's Work jnMexjcoIlL Woman's Rights Annie E. Waldron. Lady Somerset's Good-by- e Ex. Economy of Time ' Sarah Ann Howard.1 World's Fair Notes. for Diphtheria. Fast Day May First. Editorial Poetry: The Capstone R. yH M. F, L. Lula G. Richards. C. R. Dorr. ences Outgrown , THE CAPSTONE. 1 'Tis a joyous day for Israel, Lo! the Capstone has been laid; Saints and prophets, sires and sages, For this day have longed n.nd prayed; See the mighty hosts asscrabied, , Hear the hills and valleys ring, With the shouts and loud hosannas ..... Which they raise to God their king. " t . " . Do you know and understand it ? Once more Father calls to you, ! My kingdom's nigh, repent ! repent Time is shortr the years are fewv Come up to the house of Jacob, Honest hearts from ev'ry clime, . Saint or sinner, Jew or'Genti'le Know ye not ye all are. mine?' - Come and listen to my servants,. Heed their teachings while 'tis day; O how often I have warned you, To seek out the narrow way. Aye, how oft my wayward children, I have called to you in vain; But my heart is filled with pity So I call you once again. " 'Tis the everlasting Gospel, Through my servants I proclaim; Yet in anger you reject them Some of them you e'en have slainr If you won't receive thejr teachings, Cease, O, cease your bitter hate, For their wrongs make reparation, Hasten, ere it be loo late. - - Soon there comes a day of Judgment, Even now 'tis at your door, When dark scenes of desolation, Over land and sea shall pour. When the troubles come upon you, And, you feel, .the champing, red, o Then perchance you'll thick of Zion, And the humble ones of God, V Differ- Julia 1 1 . -- . people Who shall teach you my commands. They shall "teach you truth and virtue, And amid the trying hour; You shall gather round my temples . And be witness" of my pow"r. -- Judhci jlaucingji . T.. pline-andjiaLa-ultat- ure.: . . : iu me reception room alter tmaklast a half i . . dozen girls meet' to gossip' and look over (ha daily papers. One pale, thin girl drew her shawl over her shoulders, arrai ged herself comfortably on the sofa, and 'said, "My cold is so bad, the Doctor says I can't go to tho tele, R. M. F, phone exchange today. Won't Mi.VM.' the manager bo put out? You gee its harder to MANNERS OF WORKING WOMEN. get a girl to supply in the day lime, as tho- night workers are too tired, and you cannot lhe questiou, whether woman should be find any else. I've had a rev,' cirl the ia.f. allowed to be independent-an- d earn her own week, trying to teach her the work. 'and I wad living is no longer open to debate. How the completely tired out. Women are so stunid shall earn it, has also been answered, by throwabout telephones anyway.- IM rather have ten to her almost of buuucsg to men ring up exchange than onVwomeu. A ing open every line which she seeks admittance. A new dement woman will ring and ring, and before she has has been introduced into society, and that it listened for your answer, she will ring again, is a fixed element no one will deny. What and you'd better drop tho 'phone quick or s he'll the effect will be is not so easily foreseen.- - : give you a ring in tho ear, and that is 6 haJf-a- matter. After she has rung Every day you may see on our streets' a laughing . . r i ..... li number of who dozen nines ana nas linaur listened h,r vnnr women, go quietly and large to their The" vocations. different majcan you tell answer, then she says Excha-a-ugo- , briskly whet me and her Jlrs. baa ority-are a teleuhojie? "clerks, though stenographers there is. a slight sprinkling of dress makers,, After you've told her politely, to look in her telephone exchange girls,compositora, and "girls book and gee, she'll probably say, "" "Hut Ex and printing offices; change," I've" lost my 'book."" Bo you must who work in They are not brusque, masculine creatures as find out and tell her. A man won't logo his book. He won't ask about a telephone numyou might expect; on the contrary they wear ber unless it isn't in his book." bangs and rullles and laces just as otner wo"Do you like it in the exchange?" Asked men do. Some are pretty and ?ome are plain; . visitor. a eome thin, and so far as appear-"Oh! ye3,'J she said, "The work is light after ancesgo, they are like the rest ot women km d all. You have to keep your wits about you. who are not Are their manners coarse and their language The only thing is so much electricity is hard r uncultivated? In order that you may better on the system, makes you nervous." And a dry hacking cough and listlessly folded judge of that, let me tell you how they lived gavehands. which her in a boarding home, in another city Two pretty stenographers were chatting since. One girljntroduced I visited notlong a third By the window. me, another took me to the "Do you know we're both invited by Rev. invited me to family worship; and when I walkand wife to come out "to their mission? R ed by mistake into a stranger's room, she did Then we are. invited to stay to tea. There's a not swear, hor cast a bootjack at me, but quietand guided me young minister helping him. We must look ly, donned wrapper and slippers up gome theological points, so as to have an to my own room. interesting discussion." And thus they chat- fio far 83 conversation is concerned you will . ' not hear any more slang and silly expressions This is a sketch of women as they appear in there, than in a young lady's boarding school a working woman's home, but there is the game .. institution. . At the table, or in "other places. one day, I heard the following quotation in type .In manners and morals working women regard to the potatoes, which a stenographer do not and there compare unfavorably with their more pronounced bonus, mellor opllmus, were'discusions in regard to theological tenet, fortunate sister? Contact with the world gives, shrewdness; self' dependence, produces dignity mission schools, parties, the news of the day, in many cases, and politeness is necessary to entertainments, etc Just before tea time, a the library and sat their positions. Working for bread has made slight little girl came into and will make a difference, in the lives of wodown by the regLter to warm herself. "Are you cold, Miss IL?" aked another girl, men. We honor the working girl because she ha3 who sat near, reading. '.'Yes, I am chilled work all day done so well; and we ask that something be through and through. Had to a fire. TLey done for her- - Young men have their clubs, (this was in January) without lodges and a.oeiations, where they can go aud ' , are taking out the furnaces to put in &Uam, find suitable and ..profitable companionship; but w hat is t b e re for yd nTj g w o men?" In" h w , play somethirg lot us "Ob! Miss JH many cities are there clubs, industrial union's won't you?" intenupted a third. .or. "Hopies" for.youngwomeD? ....There are. art ,;, sbaUl piay if clubs, literary clubs, musical clubs, for women "A waltz." . , '. - I've a message to deliver, Cease one moment from your. strife; Listen to the joyful tidings, 1 have brought eternal life. ' .. . 1 gelling warm upon the keys of the piano, u! the J i 1 o girl forgot as she played cgrly that for ten hours, those same fingers .bad put paper into a printing machine fur ten cents an : hou r. In a short time a dozen young ladies were waltzing as merrily as a lot ol school girl?, far merrier than many school girls of the present day,-wh- o have to spend W much strength, nerve and etivry utmi their "lensons. trmf . Hearken O ye house of Israel List.ye nations one and all, Hear it echo from the mountains, Know ye not the prophet's call ! See the stars, and stripes are waving From the temple's topmost tow'r, While below proud hearts are melting With the impress of the hour. Gaze upon the massive structure, With its gleaming spires like gold, While the angel through his trumpet Seems to shout, ye nations, hold i 1 J. AiJe'gathet.M;jtlimy Notes: Birthday-Party- Resolutions of Respect. Nurses and Accoucheurs. U. W. P. Club-E- llis R. Shipp, M. D., Sec. Seventy-Secon- d Anniversary Edward Stevenson, Birthday-Annfversar- U And in a minute the nuuea linger were Many Jonj and weary miles, And for liberty of conscienre. M.my times have b en exiles; Yet they've huilded these foundations, And they laid them broad and deep; Upon which mine holy temple, Shall in grandeur stand complete. So again I've sent to warn you, To flee from your native Kinds, Obituaries. Editorial: No. 21 That have crosscd'jhc traclitos desert, Manners 'of Working Women N. V. D. In Rural England A Story. The Good Spirit M. E. Kimball. In Memoriam Alma Alden. Cure " Wall SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 15, 1892. CONTENTS. -- '.EipoiEiT. 1 Bo-and- book-binderie- s, : ' wage-earner- s. tea-tabl- e, ted-on- . ...-'.'W- hat So 1 