WOMAN'S -- at i w carh other tjetterhnrr outside of being united in this capacity. Re: fir 1lf Jci't if ir IOU CiWiiX. IU U1V. I'lf1 lULti WJIIIC IltliiS Ji Coast recently and of having attended the jjipieia3sn3l AlrsTarairi. cooper, me eould-have-don- 11 Joseph Smith was giving instruction to the brethren, he told them to make everything they undertook a subject of prayer. If we had the faith we ought to have this house would be filled, we are not required to do .anything impossible; it is true we have ...vm.,, illSKJ , 111UL1VJ OVHIV- - 111 IWV..3MUL: marks. r V Wr-iirc Wnnl many duties to perforin' but let us do those o. i,. 'Lily, Mrs. Ann Holt, South Jordan, that are most important, and meet our reMrs. C. Smith, Draper, Mrs. E. J. Bodell, sponsibilities in a proper manner. " .. Mrs. Ada Brim, Cassia Stake; spoke of Herriman. Each one-ofthe sisters spoke encouragingly of the work in the ward tlie enjoyment she had experienced since where slie presided and felt to ersevere in coming to the Young Men's Conference in the duties ixjitammg'to the Society. meeting with the sisters and hearing the President Home .gave good and wise good instructions, and interesting subjects counsel in regard to storing grain and also that had been treated upon, hoped to take the care to be taken of it, and referred to home, with her much that would be belie-ficithe times of famine that were sure to come to herself and others in that locality. i fi fu Mrs. Agnes Cutler, President West Jordan in c i i t of the predictions of. the prophets, quoted from the Scriptures "who ward spoke of the Hall the Society had- is: will not take, up tlie-xDuiltiarKloFits iiaTingbeaiwdedicated and . r the good influence in their meetings, said uvinuui iiiuht nceus liee.io aioii lor saieiy, also alluded-- : to the- - savins of Prtsidpnt "let us cheer and comfort our sisters who I leber L. Kimball that, " wejvvoiiid . .arepassing4hrough"severe ordeals and some time when wheat would be worth its weight of whom are exiles at lhe present time, bv in gold." and bye the dark clouds will roll by-V ' President Home commended the Presitonjference adjourned to 2 p. mM singing dents .from the country who had traveled "The time is far snetit." Renprlictinn fifteen or Mrs. Diana Reid. twenty miles to come to the Conference and yet many Presidents who reAfternoon session: Opened with singing sided in the City were not at the meeting Or "Come let us anew &c,"prayer by Mrs. E. came in late; thought we should be awake i ui uit sireugin 01 me to the importance of the work Ave had entuu, MJigui 'hills we bless thee;" Mrs. E Howard was gaged in and realize the many duties and the first speaker, gave an interesting acresponsibilities of the "times in which we count of her visit to San Juan Stake, spoke live, and jiever lose sight of the signs of the of pie Jong distances between the settletimes; and the indications are that we shall ments, the beauties of the scenery and the need to secure our wheat and add to it, and hospitality ofthti people; alsof the interest be prepared for any emenrencv that mav manifested by the women in all Jhe great, Lfrise .Jiat our children 'may ijucMiuub ui me uay. pread; thought we should- all take reproof Mrs. Mary S. Clark of Farmington ocin a kind manner, look at the teachings and cupied a short time, snoke of the nmnliiVc reproofs given by our Savior and may it" beniLr ' o lulfilled in our rl.iv, rf wuv. nvtSCMu,-.y always have a good eflect, let u7acceptit in of sacrifice in our daily lives, the overcomthe spirit of kindness and profit thereby. of weaknesses and ing Conference adjourned for three months to guarding against temptations; the need ..of cultivating our be held at the same place. Singing, "Q ye bv "readin O a tnl kuA minds - v",T mountains bigbrEAlZBenedietion tlO il I r Mrsr by hearts In- Jhespirit of the Lord: desired to Elizabeth Stevenson. gam intelligence which is the glory of God . 1 ' " . al 1 11 . 'T-.f- - swonl-aganisthrw a l see.-the- -- . . e4 the interpretation .she gave to Nebuched-nezzar'- s dream interpreted by Daniel. ' Spoke upon the, subject of education and what would be expected of our children in the future. Mrs. S. M. Kimball, said "those who do tlir mrwt tliitit-inc- r . ... , iti "nrr tlir lifit Pfl rhtprl " I 11 President Harrisorrand exr 7 President Cleveland, and theisupport of the most distinguished members of Congress. ,. "I desire, with deep respect, to submit to your. Excellency the request made in the " name of the whole body of State superin-teudent- s of education, that you will give by special proclamation an official recognition to Columbus Day in the Territory of Utah. , -- approval-of-both T ' - -- i- . : 1 . President. Zina D-- H, cenv visited Logan Temple and enjoved a DISCOVERY DAY. season of refreshing; made some' remarks UI0J11!1 AX9lk Jot the dead-i- u the LordV TO PE A NATIONAL IIQLIDAV. IIouse the Joy.andjsatisiactioTt- -i t -perwnning it; spoke of our L dear 'beloved Sister Eliza with whom she stood side To His Excellency the Governor 0 Utah: by side so long in many places, was reminded "Allow nie.as chairman of the of her .particularly at the Conference in w" v"fcc commho nf .fi,. Brigham City, related some early remniis- - r; ; - ri...t .mouomyselt the' ' , 1 which your Excellency simply recommends to the people an appropriate observance of the day in their schools and other places of assembly, without calling for any suspension of business. "Proclamations have already teen issued by the governors of New York, Minnesota, Illinois and Florida. Some of these have been without without legislative action. I enclose a copy of the proclamation by the governor of Minnesota. This request from the executive committee appointed by the superintendents of edurn-- " tjonis madeoiilyiAvith the: State superintendent of education in Utah. "In tlle trust that this , suggestion may .commenditseif to yurjudgment:-andt- o your Tavor, I have the 'honor to be. tnot sPactfllI1r'our bedientseryant, ' : Fkancis Bellamy, ; ; Chairman of the ExecutiveComni'itte- e- hi' COL. AND MRS. PARKER. -- not-want- -ibr' r wnicii weigiis most .with the .people. H it is impossible for the governor to make the day a legal holiday without legislative action, the purposes of the day will be served equally as well by a proclamation in T UK TABEKNACLK. LECTURE. v . . . -of " ' JL . . lionor to call your attention to the progress' which the movement for this celebration is making in the country. The history of the movement is briefly contained in the enclosed printed statement. May I ask you to read it? "The movement up to this time has made Thousands of newspapers large progress. in all parts of the country are commending the public school celebration editorially in their localities. V. Even at this early date : 50,000 schools have expressed their determination, through their superintendents, to celebrate the day. The celebration' enjoys the cenees of the Church and of the Prophet Joseph and his teachings to the Saints. Mrs. L B. Wells thought we scarcely realized the magnitude of the work of the each Relief Society organization,1 and-thindividual member had duties 'to- - perform therewith; the increase of love through our associating together promotes charity for one another and all the w;orld, we think more of one another's welfare and appreciate of the Lord; rejoiced that we had no difficulties to settle in our Relief Society, realized the union that existed and that we enjoyed the .spirit of the Lord in our meetings. Counselor Klinjna S. Taylor spoke of having just recently attended, a very interesting Conference at Brigham - City; felt that every branch of the Kelief Society in this Stake should have a representative present that we may know how the work is progressing in our surrounding 'settlements; "we have the best organization on the earth, and it takes in the oldest and the youngcstand we know it is the work of the j.oni, ict us De caremnnai we ncrrTTTairuy-- j the way. but let us watch ourselves that we may not be led by the snares that - Satan is laying for the people of God.' ' President Pathsheba W. the mothers, their influence with children, thought example better than precept, hojxrd we might, live in such a manner that the calamities that are cominir upon the earth causing destnicU.oju ' uYtrrough our humility and, faithfulness before the Lord. The following Presidents made verbal reiorts of their respective branches of the Relief Society, Mrs. Elizabeth Pjxlon, Taylorsville, Mrs. Z. V. Smith-spoke- EXPONENT. Sunday evening August 7th Colonel Francis' Stuart Parker delivered an interesting and instructive lecture upon The Child' at the Tabernacle in this City, there were 7000 people present, - an audje.jic.attentioii--Hd-anbustohearthis distinguished gentleman and for it was confidently expected that Mrs.lady, Parker would speak upon the subject of "Dress Reform," after her husband :: hacLclosedz It was a great disappointment to all that she did not; the promise however that she would address the people, of this on that subject in the near future wasCity made, and we shall look forward to" pleasure." Mrs. Parker is a member of the Com- rmittee 011 Dress Refbrm appointed by the National Council of Women, and lier ideas upon the subject will certainly be sugges' tive and valuable. President Angus MT Cannon presided at the meeting The choir sang, "Ugh? and Truth the World is Waking." Dr. Xarl G. Maeser offered the opening prayer, after vMncn ijrie choir sang, "God of Israel the it-wit- " Col. Pnrkr "j Wfl, uy "'"vuutu t:; -.x r-; resident " . 