WOMAN'S 100 EXPONENT!. sure to Fee her. In a niopient he. had disInfect he was beginning to comprehend his from the quiet of her former horne into the rush' and excitement tVif m wv mounted and before he was aware of it even,he own feelings, and analyze them somewhat in miHstnfthft ttu t had caught her in his arms, and. pressed her the solitude of his laboratory, and wonder lately taken iplace in the old ruin of a castle, in outward appearance wa3 almost unlong and .paionate kiss. what was to be the outcome of indications he that warraHp3toJii.s Hecame to his senses momentarily and felt "observed Tn"hiseIaInTvit! th"eIadyrwho inhabitable;'" thegirlcouldnot sleepy so that he was guilty of a flagrant error, but the had made his visits at the Castle of so much strange did it seem that any one should love i her cousin's trnnhlps her.j she almost forgot had never be" 11 O girl clung to him and begsred him to remember more frequent occurrence. He beher of own love with in him to for it and feelings. lieved contemplation ever that she loved him only and always, possible words echoed her wind Morning came at last and after a hasty the for ever, and hoarse any object except his, profession; it had been entered upon breakfast and many admonitions to the old upon the breeze,and they came ringing back iu first and foremost ever since he his practice and in Jiis career as a Dr. he housekeeper and the steward the lumbering broken numbers, ever, forever. What Maitland Walton's feelings were at had seen and in fact been brought in close old coach drove out of the immense' gateway and fascinating into the open country roaarlady Anna this u nexpected declaration ofJove from Lady contact was silent and thoughtful, traces' of tears were Anna he could scarcely define to himselr. tie womeu. The evening that the preparations for the on her fair cheek and Jane was not as, attentive knew that he loved her truly notwithstanding her cousin Jane's suspicions and he..r father's journey were completed and they had decided to her uncle's comfort as usual. Sir Edwrrd to go up to London in the early morning Dr. growled at his valet,and was disagreeable with obstinacy, but now a new objection had arisen, Bland made his final call, to say Good Bye the girl's, but they took no notice until he one that he had never suspected in the positive broke out all of a sudden in his nsual style enmity of the two families. Both were proud and caution Sir Edward in regard to, Jane one would he had communed with his own heart more emphatic than elegant and unrelenting; assuredlyjouog Walton had think you were breaking your heart at leaving had made up his mind to let Miss Conway go food for thought. Lady Anna would probably have fled with away without declaring himself, and yet he the old tumbled down place, by George your him on that morning had he been as unprinreproached "''himself somewhat for being not muah company (or a gouty oldiellow like cipled as many young men of his age and cowardly, she will never know and it will be me who needs; bracing up, I'm sick of better so," he said over and over when alone, sentimentality anu dont care ever to see the class, but be checked his ardor and roused f liia Vrnr anil rnanl VfA and then he would involuntarily exclaim ''but old place again, I'll live abroad after this, and thnt nn ftin sliniild rest, nnnn him in this matter she i? sacrificing herself to the caprice of this see that my girl steers clear of that young that he would win her honorably before all old uncle who has no regard for her more than jack-- napes, and Jane what has cpme over to make his life less burdensome." the world, would conquer every obstacle in you, has Dr. Bland proposed? any one can the path to their future happiness, or leave Opportunities sometimes do for us what we see he's heod over ears in love, you refused under lack eourageto do for ourselves,and so it came him undoubtedly and he chuckled to himself England forever. He could the trees to have any conversation or ex plain about with the genial kind hearted Doctor. T t'npnr IipM mnlfA hlmsplf -- rfHipntnna Tf ha h'ts-oknew when he was well off he'd let women in fact - all was vague-i- n Miss Conway not suspecting the Dr. 8 feel .anylhing-tQ-h- er fllnnp. hfiiflp T wnnf. vnn in Innlr aftnr mA ami mind, he made no formal promises or proiugs and not knowing his decision in regard drawing yourtinruly cousin be re," No due interrupting testations, but she knew instictively as every to herself asked him to- step into-thor answering him made him savage. Jane's room that she might consult him on a private woman knows, that his love was not theK senti ment of an idle hour, a summer pastime. A matter. Sir Edward was in hi3 own room and cheeks were blazinsrshe would'nt trust herctlf When he had gone, for he flew as on the wings Anna engaged in entertaining him. Alone to reply and after venting his spleen a few minutes longer he settled back in the carriage of the wind from the temptation that haunted with Miss Conway the Dr. was not halt as -and fell fast asleep. as the young woman, he fidgeted him, his sweetheart gazed lovingly after him while she explained that she was about to ask then fell upon her knees and prayed to die knew she his advice upon a very delicate matter, and rather than live without him; little SUNDAY SCHOOL FOR THE DFAF. we when we all are as on e t h atJb e m ust keep a pro fo mid secret. . H i3 of nraver. yet utterly irlp;;nIitp'Uepk ihp. f.nrd knnwincr1 litt'Ifi pnoiifrn heart seemed twice its usual size, he felt faint The conse t of the Principals of the Deseret of His divine character, yet earnestly asking and weak, and, begged her pardon without University having been obtained to a'Sunday help from the only. Source that is able to give. knowing what he said for being so dull, and School for ch ildren in the Deal 3Iu te Dept. an Pnar rlk ihft hftfi wf. 4tfft -- 1 ati or4rt - faith mr promised'all and more than she wished?" Her efiected. Ed. any of the great and. grand principles that are cautious way of stating the difficulties that organization of Sketch organization of L. D. S. Sunday the rock and refuge of the human soul in times had lately arisen, to hinder the intimacy beof trial and of perplexity. Alas! how: many tween her cousin and ' ; Mr. Wal ton revealed School f r 'the Deaf," Salt Lake City, Sunday such in the wide world go down for lack of the her true character more clearly than ever to Jan, 10, 1892.. Stake S. S. Superintendent T. C. Griggs and his Assistants K. S. Home and simple knowledge of God, that would give the good man, sind when she had finished he them the true sublimity of courage in the hour said, "what a fine diplomat you would make W. C Burton met Elders H. C. Barrel! and ' of need. Jane," at the 'same moment taking her hand Laron Pratt at the Utah School for the Deaf But perchance in this case as in some others in his, she drew herself up to her full height where Principal F. W. Metcalf furnished us with a list of 11 girls and 16 boys as pupils for her good angel stood by to deliver her in the which was not very great, quickly withdrew hour of. peril, She rose hesitatingly and careher hand from the warm clasp, and turning our S. School. With them we marched to the. Metcalf fully retraced her way to the house, and up to her eyes full of indignation upon him was 19th Ward Relief Society Room Mr. The pro her own room; there her maid found her later about to walk proudly away, but all at once .kindly assisting &s interpreter. in the day, with wet feet, and damp garments; gramme was as follows: Prayer by bupt ! his manliness came to hi3 relief from embarbut a heavy sleep had come over her after a rassment, and he conquered by the force of C Grigg3, statement of object of meeting to violent fit of weeping, and her cousin being that in the best and greatest men organize S. School, nearly all present had been gummcned ; had her undressed and put to jbedr ijintuitiyely: recognized:! everi"inZtheiS6st: baptized;none held 7 the Priesthood Elder , Sir Edward was so upset by the interview heroic women; ha succeeded in getting Miss H. C. Barrel! was appointed as Supt. of S. School and Elder Laron Pratt as his assistant, with young Walton that Miss Conway did not Conway to listen, and urged on by the perschocL venture to tell him of his daughter's condisonality of her charming presence, he became each addressing a few words to the tion, but went on with the work of packing for as eloquent as any young lover. The quiet Brother W. O Burton inquired how many bad attended S.School before and many responded. the anticipated journey;-he- r thoughts busily young girl who had made up her mind beBrother R. S. Home related the circumstances forehand to a life of occupied with the events transpiring around fancy-in- g herself unlovely, and almost without of the crucifixion and death of Christ and Prof. her, and what was likely to follow. After Roll called and taken by surprise; .for Metcalf interpreted it. Lady AnnaVadventure he seemed stilimore friendsYas-completel- y distribution of the first principles of the Gospel melancholy, she took no interest in what was the first time in her life perhaps she was know-whhome matters io her totally at a loss to at going oil, and to make as a lesson tor next bunday." lienediction oy reply R S IT rvrno 11. d. cousin, who, seemed old .beyond her years, and to such vehement utterances, and afnrvl her decision was the ultimalim on all doubtful like one petrified. "I will not urge my suit " questions. laitucrui me present moment, Dut leave you Two denutv United States Marshals of Sir Edward went about more like one in a to decide my destiny after serious Tennessee hflVA hppn fiftpd 1 OOf) and sentenced reflection, dream, than a man in his sober senses after the while absent in person; and without, giving by JudgeJKey to twelve" and a half months ia visit of Lady-WaltoIt had left a decided her the least advice on the subject under tne penitentiary for working up mvoiuua impression upon him; he was more mellow in consideration to his previous" informal prosecutions for the purpose of obtaining fees- his feelings, but seemingly fearful that any one announcement of his own cause, he bade her TTfrnll cuvmvA tiArra f(r 1 fl this ehnnlfl liotra SUUU should observe it even his own niece or child. utile cnU r Ju"& ' a most affectionate farewell and rushed mell Terri tory a large n u m ber of cases against t he pell Dr. Bland noticed it and spoke to Miss Conout of the house leaving the young lady quite .Mormons are trumped up tor the same purple, he the was more and as astomsheias heas himself subject, beiug way upon at his momentas may be seen from the large number of more interested in this peculiarly attractive ary audicity. Jane Conway began to think arrests and the few convictions. ' and strong-minde- d young woman every day; the world was turning upside down, comin Woman's Tribune. c jna - with-manv-beaut- . iful . his-health- ; -- -- a not-remai- n " wu -- - o sen-possess- ed - -- :i -- --- will-powe- r, single-blessednes- s, . a . n." Ck 4 