i r.i.. W OMAN'S EXPONENT. 331 asked. "Well, they'll be in time. Are When like a bird of passage ' their rooms ready?" and as she put this queshis fears. Away.flevraU . tion she looked around the room into which And gleefully lie shoutedf ....she. had been ushered, which ,was scrupulously. "7' "I k'now what I will !o, v neat, and a good .hardwood fire burning on the I'll det the big . andironsi Seeming to recognize that the room And climb to heav'n won't was comfortable, she sat down in the great arm you?" Marian fire with a certain air of satisfae-tiou- . chair by the Tayiok, "Aunt Judith," said Jane, "you mistook for rae my cousin; I .am not Lady Anna: shall LETTER TO LULA G. RICHARDS. T send up your "supper?" "Who are you, then, ' to call me aunt?" "l am Sir Edward s "niece, .' ; Dear Sister Jane Conway." "And you are installed here v hile packing up ray things preparatory to starting .on as one of the family; I was not aware of this; another mission to the Sandwich Islands came across how long have you been at the Castle?" "Ever these verses which my shtet wrote while sitting not far since ray motherVdeath and burial." "Strange from you in meeting, desiring to meet you but feared you he never lef 'me know." "Did you not know of had forgotten her ar,d did not like to make herself known. SO -I IllCt ihr, rrV ...... 1,1 1 , mem. ana sena tnem as wuuiu cupy .1 my mother's illness and death?" "I think I j.. ' were products of early friendship. She is now living heard of her death, but never knew the par-r- : iney . at Swan Rich Co. Utah. I do not know Creek,. ticulars,v she kept herself aloof from all her your Rhe " step-ladder- . , . ' r.7'7 . . -- - T jamtlyyncLwe.-nGv- yfe?gfoouts bu e Jane turned away; Aunt Judith had opened it . LlBDIE N'OALL. ; ' LULA. . If I'm washing or ironing or scrubbing, And as busy as busy, can be, I must stop and glance o'er the newspaper ' To read the lines written by thee, ' .. ' " . -- ith flowers of sweetest perfume, And homage most grateful we render, For light that breaks over the tomb. O, glorious morning of Easterl Of triumph o'er death and the grave, Blest signs, of an endless forever, Thro' Him who is mighty to save. i A CHILD'S THOUGHT. "Oh mother where is heaven I'm drefful tired o' play, I want to see the angels, So takme dere r to-day- ?" -- rt ' But darling heaven is yonder A long, long way from you Above the house Above the sky so blue?' tops-iqpih- er. . a . ti-n- -s- - "But mother how do people,; Reach up to heav'n so high, I don't think I could det dere No matter how I'd try?" ThechlidV blue eyes were wisifuL And dark with unshed tears, e " : ight-ofsrael's . r-atn- ' BtirrYnd d , : Well guessed " my fair haired ladd ie, , But tho so far away, see can God you, Hie great, good And hear you when you pray." ctou tctNo ighsor groans were heard. No, we took joyfully the spoiling of our goods, knowing there was a ' have wor(t-Lul4 but to seeihe morenduring- - substance and - better days To know the sweet strains will be there ahead, yes, Hopeful and happy; feeling that That will find in my own heart an echo," our religion was the true riches, and This life For thy lines are the products of prayer. Jjut short at best. I know that our love was genuine both to our Maker and also, to each May the Angels of heaven watch round thee other. May thy beautiful Gift thus increase, A letter was sent to the Governor of Iowa For 'twill prove a solace in thy sorrows And $TougtiU will thy" irials'fiad releaser " " 'telling him rweere going wefstq flnd a home' and as all were not prepared for a Ion z Amy E. Cook. journey, if he would permit some who needed be p to stop aii dwor k7&..te w days to set ja : better start; he promised to let them stop, WHAT IS OUR POSITION TODAY, We were invited into the school house to give w o lounu itiends irom a musical concert ' What is our position today compared with time to time, and thanked God our Father for the .past? Well what shall I say? I believe the same. that in the eyes ot the world we are improving Many have been the joys and sorrows which because we are becoming more like unto have been ours from that until this, and themselves, at any rate many of us are. But with what courage and fortitude, who cau tell; ' r r n t i Godrour- what are we in the ..." our neaven ana wno in nave those God? - Are we on the improve? Are we a wiser only pasHedbehi nd t h e, vet lt and, those jv ho a re ac"and better people than we were fifty years ago? quainted with, and have a knowledge of, the to have like is would I the This problem , Gospel of our Lord and Savior Jesu3 Christ. ' solved. When His spirit accompanies the act, it is not " Did nctr the Lord say "He that scattered the same thing which it would" be without it. Israel would. gather him as a shepherd gathers No, theri it v.'ould be gloom and sorrow indeed. his flocks. I well remember in the year 1842 this gospelfwas preached in even in making sacrifices with comfort and felt and same the to listened how attentively I consolation. to say, how plain aud sound, how clear to the Zion's Convert. is it is this doctrine. Certainly understanding Feb: 15,1802. the same that Jesus taught, but not popular, neither were His teachings popular, yet the common people heard him gladly. Rev. Ella E. Battlett, of Madison, Wis., I thought' our Episcopal minister to be such ha3 prepared a series of "Talks on Constituman.vsurely he would see andunder- - tional History"- - to be given before "women's a X -stand the subject, asldid; for to me it was the clubs. The subject is interesting and 7-voice of the good shepnerd wnicn enngntenea important. the mind, and enlivened the soul, making the AtThe executiveTneeting--of-thtJ"Nation- al bible to read plainer and'more clearly to nay. W. 3. A. of Massachusetts, held last week understanding than ever. He thought I was mistaken and that ho Friday at 30 West Street reports were given could prove it by the bible; he said, whether by the delegates to the recent National-America- n convention, one in writing from there be prophecies they will fail and tongues will cease; but the next sentence he left out, I Miss L, A. Hatch, and a verbal report from L. Mason, who spoke in closing repeated it : for him, and knowledge shall Mrs. Eveleen of Whoever the shall proposed legislation in New York for vanish away. He then said, add to the prophecy of this book to him shall the legalizing of prostitution. The Associabe added the j)lagues, &c, the bible was so tion passed, unanimously resolutions' offered Mrs. II. R. Shattuckprotesting against this complete at that time.; Yes, I replied this was by . St John's vision. 7 Whoever said he "saw an j". iniquitous measure- . -- Or beautiful morning of Easterl Now' cheering the world with thy glow, Breaking thro" the dark clouds of sorrow, Releasing the children of woe. O, rare is the halo of splendor, That scatters the darkness of night, That quickens the eacth from her slumber, .Her treasures revealing to sight, Blades of fresh green cover the meadows, We scent the sweet violets breath, And the s'jcn of daffodil's glitter, From nature's rich storehouse of wealth. O, beautiful morning of Easter! The hope of pur long silent years; To weary tried hearts giving rapture, And banishing doubt's gloomy fears. Pure lilies we twine in their spleudor, 4 1 s - Holiday Thoughts'' wasa treasure And the lines to th ine aped mother too Andrhe Red Root ;ad'Monung"0'''Trp7! .Drew my, thoughts out responsive to you. Thy e EASTER MORNING. it'll.. ' a wound; she could not let her go on, and inquired again should she send up supper? "Yes, Jane, and tell your cousin Anna to come and pay her respects to her father's aunt, if she's not too haughty." "My cousin is not proud, and has no such nonsense about her; she is too innocent to have such a thought," and away flew Jane with her own ideas distinctly formed concerning the new comer. Before ' midnight expected had arrived and were generou3lyprovidfd-fort- . and Jana- - and Anna "had talked over their relatives and passed upon them, before retiring for the night. all-thos- wUl leave jhis .where you.caa.get it ..as be "may many yearsTefore I see you again. I have missed you at Officer's Meeting and have concluded you ntust be living in the country. With kind love and best wishes for the future I remain your sister in the Gospel, more, or any less, to him should" be added tfie .plagues. .''But the. angel, said thou shalt .prophecy again before many nations, tongues, and people; bu t ho could riot' see the subject as I . did, to mo this gospel was the same that Jesus taught, and surely such a church must be on the earth when he comes again, yes with the same spirit, the same gifts, and graces that characterized the church He left when He wa3 crucified. . There wero six of us baptized, one SundaT morning, in Sept. 1842. The next Sundav one of the sisters could not attend meeting, she had a sick babe. In the evejiinr: I saw the child healed by the prayer of faiths Since that time I have a knowledge of this gilt for myself. Yet there are many eifts. all have not the same gift. St. Paul compares it A.. t 10 me oouy saying it an were an eye, where were hearing, and shall the hand say because I am nonllecar. 1 am not ofTtho hnriv Am. It is written the Lord will have a tried people, JNow I would ask, are our trials sanctified to our. good? or do we get wearv in welldoing? I well remember, after the Prophet, and Patriarch were slain we were driven from Nauvoo, how cheerfully we left, believing that God was with us in all bur afflictions, and I Mow that we were comforted and blessed. As soon as the camp-firewere built theband struck up sweet music; and while some were cooking the supper, others ot the young " 7 