WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 37- - my progress from time to time until the .work is war. Pllf11fU .1 completea. toTk am0Dg the Britons I should like the date of birth P.an in JccidiD? on war ami ,and death, the place of birth, and as near as possible the place of ' burial, which side of the roauV, die north or the were, decided by AUt cause the of the south, death, the company they nrlpr William th,OIUday book,L c fi,nn.n. were in, the captain's name, and any incidents of 1 the journey that may be remembered, village who ' h, 6 P 0U iaw I would also-lika similar vote nf "at! Tv,, ...I' Th!ux for ln,i , 1 lDClude(1 who died after leaving Nauvoo and while I may women. Wompn crossing .the State of Iowa ufrto Winter Quarters. And not forgetting those vho!umKr ; ka !l,cT 3aron m! Magna Charta f bosom of the ocean, there' to rest until ihP King John, one ( f the righti for which gives up its dead let all' their names beenroI!eil- and forced him to . . was .1 wuose wun inose ieei are estiblished in the tops the right; of women to a vote in the grant House of of the mountains, who are still idling to win the impels. He was compelled to summon to that iiouse all earls, barons, and others who held goal that they have reached. lands been It has suggested that this would be a g6od directly from the King, and he summoned to also collect the names and dates of tothe very first Parliaraent the Cc)unt-eise- s opportunity of that Pembroke and. Essex. In the the births occurred on these memorable reign, ot Edward I. ten ladies-we- re journeys and see how many are still livin and summoned, toeatsrThcre is proof that during the are residents ot u tan. the existence oUIagna JUd,dear Pilgrims of former dasTwlienvou arP hrst three reigns tLarta women had a right to a voice in the searching in the archives of your memory no douot many ana vaneu scenes will arise in your Laghsh government and exercised itJohn Stuart Mill said "the list of women mindsjbut I trust that with me, in your hearts you wfro have been eminent rulers of mankind can swell the chorus, .'All is well;-alis well," swells 'to a great length when to queens and with Zion. empresses are added women regents and woAll communications on the above subjects admen viceroys of provinces." ."It is a curious dressed to M A. Winters, Pleasant Grove, Utah consideration," he Continues, "that the only - things which the County, Utah," will find a welcome greeting existing laws exclude women ( v m. a. w. irom uoinsr. are the thin? whirh thov hcA proved they aie able to do. That women are not ht lor power and cannot take part in civil WHAT SOME WOMEN HAVE DONE seems be the to government cunningly devised law of and has created men, . public sentiment the bulwark of the law; and yet it is a fact Bead at Miss Anthony's Birthday Party in as we that have as examples, Queen Elizabeth, tms uity.j Joan of Arc, Isabella of Castile, Maria Theresa, That a new and in some respects a distinct Catharine of Kussia, Margaret of Austria and era has dawned for woman, the world at large J -- the --good - Queen" and Empress nrourrday .js. beginning to admit, but '"that there is" any Victoria. To tell in briet what" good any one precedent f or such a state of things few will acof these great women has accomplished would knowledge; yet are we forced to,the conviction be to fill a volume." . ' when we look backward; that such conditions Women have- - b&en"d is tin gu ished for'' learnwere not general in the strict sense of the term ing too in the far distant past, though it must well is understood, but the exception proves have gone out of fashion in part, as we are all ' the rule and as this is the age when all things aware. are to be restored, woman too will be accorded We know of eminent women in many her proportion in the great drama of the countries here and there, in the days preceding world. the eraof ourcivilizaiio'n who oame into poslne subject 1 have. undertaken, that ot wo session of pririleges abd power; some of their Oman's work, or what some women have done, histories are delightful. For instance As pasia, is so.vastl that I can only present a feV fact3. to have been his who taught Socrates I will not take you back to Eve,or to Deborah," preceptress, the wife of the great Pericles of nor to any of the scripture women, you know Athens, and the friend of the Greek philosofor trial before the their familiar phers; when sumrn-mc. record;- doubtlesiyoii-:area- ll o f irrmr . c itu i.r itiuti fir Greek Areupagus she wa3 charged with ill w,:tit I n u .nirrAT'Yr ix s n Palmyra, which tells us not only that she was "walking the streets unveiled, sitting at table beautiful and. pure, but was also remarkable with men, disbelieving in the Greek gods, befor her great courage, high spirit, and literary lieving in one sole Creator, and with entertain-4n- g original . ideas con wrniD themof ibhf acquirements, and spoke Latiijf Gre.ek, and the r nr nnr Ti r n i t n t n y. ,i a. the. sun and moon." Aspasia was far in adthe administration of government she comvance of her time, and her contemporaries bined prudence, justice and liberality, so that could not understand her. all the eastern provinces submitted to her Hypatia(born between 370 and 380 died 415,) whose pathetic story we read, was another sway. It is a matter of history that 320 years B. C. exceptionally learned woman. Her father was AlexMania, Queen of London, first promulgated at the head of the-- Platonic school at at-t- bc :dose of the ourtrr century, the the principles of the English Common Law in andria' her judgments and enactments. Her Martian commentator on Ptolemy and- the editor of Statutes or LCbdeoutlivedhe Romany Anglo-"Saxto hisdaughter and Norse invasions, andwe have it on straiionbf hisiwn.He imparted all that he knew, and history does not tell us good authority that Alfred the Great revived knowlher Briton laws and enforced them among that she was not capable of acquiring inferior to her edge or that her brain was, ArjgloSaxon8 and Dams. Swrates.ho was fatherVbut on Two "centuries later they- - were tells-u- s that wnen oe under Edward the Conie.-so- r and a century her enemy, school and 'exafter again, by her father in the Platonic earliest the therefore Stephen both; pounded the precepts of philosophy (in from. jaws of. Great Britain which in substance have Alexandria and Athens) studious persons in force. 2,200 years, were made by a woman.- Tacitus all P?rt3 of the says of the Britons. JbaOlx, both them and the fthe? :1! j e rt-Do- . : tijf w hey-conten- ded .. 1 tn-tiUe- di ate - : . : . .. . -- -- - . ; . . i is-sa- id d -- i r 11 i. ijt i i 1 - ,n - w i i. 1 m - bn -e- traddii:to-it--here-awM-nereaitnioo -- thex-ontrar- y re-enaet- ed wgooreorm their government. ue-:a- r says that women had a voice in their councils. and. power in their courts and often commande J in comtnigMi - magistrates with singular modesty. of age, she had Before she was 27 years written a book on The Astronomical Cm u of iDiophatifes and another on Tlie Conies of Because she was suspected of Apollonius. having an influence in public afLirs, and was deemed worthy to sit in the councils ot Church and State, she was Jmitally jnurdcrel-b- y a ;avago-mi)i),-wli-th9ught;8upriority- wo- "lii man of inferiority in man. -Ami yet there have ever been .some. .noble 'minded men who' wero willing to admit wo- mans equality. In the 16th century there wero books written upon- - these subjects by men "giving to women in soma instances superiority and also other vigorous writers of the day who denied to women reason, and considered they only excelled in iniquity:- Aristotle and others of his .'school called woman "a monster," an "accidental produc- "on. lhe tiehrews p ronounce d JxZ!l&ii- Jtjougnt-ot-the-UeU7an(rth- e mother of all evil." When the councils of the Medieval church came together to decide on the instruction peedful to the young, they hastened to count women out and to declare them unfit lor inand struction, nuns of the who in church, defiance of this Cajholic established schools for girls, were publicly stoned when they were met on the streets. The early Christian fathers denounced women as "noxious, animals," "parted temptresses," "necessary evils." "dpsmihln nnlnmi't.w i .1 t i , uoinesuc penis. From the English Heptarchy to tho Kebr--matiothe law Droclai In) in ' " vv vj l - - all cises. and uncler all circumstances, "her husband's creature, servant and slave." Herbert Spencer, writing of Euglbh laws in his Sociology saV'Our laws aro based on the of man s rights, so that society woman oniy as she is m the cAi?iuuay-io- r keeping of some man." Daniel Defoe in 1G00 declared his belief that if men were trained in tuo oamo ucjnuittuie iguorance as women they- iwoum dq vMtly t ami degraded., In the 1 5th c( ntury there was a marked tendency to recogn ze women on an equality with men. In 1097 Mary Astell wrote a letter in defense of the iemalo sex which: passed through three editions; the same lady also . wrote, "A Proposal to Ladies for the advancement of their true interests."; It so wrought onXady El izabeth llastings,a very wealthy woman of the nobility, that she immediately offered ten thousand pounds for the establi-h- ment of for vomeh. At rthe time led all other nations in activity, and Italy aMic lut liet-piim learney women.; Lucrezia Moriuello of Venice wroto a work entitled "The Nobleness and Excellence JOAJXamea:.. with tho Jb aults andi ImperfelionF ' " . kind-hearte- d de-cisio- ! . - - . " . n -- - -- all-suflicie- more-inrompet- en . -- n ege ue nr tu inpvo wurn a,tnrx pn' wedges that paved the way for further 1 ' : The university of Bologna, which admitted women as students and conferred upon them degrees as early as the 13th century, elevated there to professorships, taught them law, -r"Z" philosophy. and anatorav. To the Komrui civilizatiou'we owe develonmentof law. The Unman iuwsris today the basis off he jurisprudence of the civiliz d world. We have only very little of the survival of the Greek and Koman civili zation come down to us. The phenomenal t o , "'M.i.'ju jciuo allCX the life oi the "Eternal City" was crushed out, the world groped in ignorance aud darkness', and very little progress was made in any - Four great events of L I' world-wid- e .V importune ..,a1..ai.'a-,.'rcaused the . divine in man to assert itself, and them namo into the world a quickening spirit. These events have been mentioned as occur- - 