WOMAN'S EXPONENT ROMANCE. 11 GOOD WORDS FROM MRS. BOYDEN A She didn't like me when we met, But turned away and pouted- 'Twas very cool, I own, to get r At first a snub so final; yet I clung to hopeand doubted. WORLD'S FAIR NOTES. personal letter to the Editor from Mrs. The administration building C. Louise Boyden the elocution teacher who sojourned for a period of about- two years in will have a mosaic floor costing $5,000. A coixection of finely mounted birds and animals will be shown in the Pennsyl- - this City informs us of her arrival at her own home in Wisconsin, where she is enjoying a brief season of restfulness ere she be-- g vania building. r ins Jierworlcagai n this - time perhaps-i- n: IT is announced that the Virginia ExpoChicago until after the Columbian Exposition when we ardently hope she may. return, sition board intends to reproduce at the Fair, Mount Vernon, the famous home and again to Utah. , -- , Strange as it seems, a few short weeks Confirmed my sanguine guesses; I came to understand her freaks, And even dared to kiss her cheeks' And woketiergoiderrtresses. So time went on, and as we grew To know each other better, She bravely learned to kiss me, too; And when she strangely tried to woo, Somehow I used to let her. Mrs-Boydeir- ha this is done a large and interesting collection of Washington relics will'be exhibited in the structure. here who will cherish her memory and hope for her return. She gave quite a number of entertainments wirhher pupils in different parts of the City, aiid succeeded iii her efforts in imparting instruction in the e method verr well, but financially she did sufficient to warrant her remaining permanently though she was much : The Portuguese minister at Washington Del-sart- The privilege still yet is mine has made application for space in the Woman's building at the World's Fair for exhibits from the women of Portugal riot-make With kiss her lips to smother; Still 'round my neck she likes to twine -- Her softy white armsr" Til drop aTTneT" I guess, and ask her mother. iLchMJa Accommodations for. musical entertain- speaks most kindly of them everywhere, and ments at the World's Fair have been decided at all times. and the construction of the neces-sar- y Mrs. Boyden's. methods and practise of upon, This rhyme produces envy strife, iuildings has been ordered. They inteaching are excellent and she is a most clude a recital hall, seating 500 people; a Within your reason, maybe; agreeable and pleasant as well as intelligent mnsic hall, with accommodation for 120 So let me take a leaf from life: young woman. We are vpry sorry that she players, 300 singers, and an audience of Her mother js my darling wife, did not find it to her advantage to remain : And he my blessed baby. 2,000; a festival hall for upon here, not only on her owrn account but also the largest possible scale, performances F. D. S., in Rochester Talisman. with 200 players, as there are many of our young women, and audience an of 2,000 singers 7,000. The who are called to fill public positions, who music hall will contain a fine concert organ, would be greatly benefitted by her system and in festival hall will be TO "JENNIE." placed an organ" of teaching. , , for chorus support. The lady.is a fine musician has formerly - Dear '.'Jennie' hast thou gone to rest? been a but gave it up as too And shall we never see Commissioner L. A. Thurston, of Hawaii, trying upon her nervous system; and she is has received word Thy baby form in merry play, from Cla us- Spreckles also a writer, .while here she joined the Utah " Thy face in childish glee? be transWoman's Press Clubhand was an interested that the "Hawaiian exhibjt Art laid within the silent tomb member; she wishes to be kindly remember- ported to San Francisco without charge. Forever there to sleep? Mrs. Potter Palmer has decided to suped in love to the, ladies of the Club- ,- and- - has And shall we always mourn thy loss? ' work in inviting the nobility And shall we always weep? spoken jvery.sweetly oilier stay in this City: .plemqrtlier, , she says: "From the quiet repose of my ot l!,urope to organize committees to .help Ah, no! we lay your little form own dear home, my thoughts go out to you, the Board of Lady Managers by sending Away in robes of white, so far, far away and dear memories of that similar invitations to influential, women in That little form so cold, from which beautiful City of the Saints come hovering South America. These invitations will be The spirit took its flight; sent out by the state department at Washaround me as I sit and muse on those hap Those large round eyes of blue are closed, months I passed there, I am having a ington. The letters sent to Europe resulted py Their laughing look has'fled ..... 7 of many of the most enjoyable time and a much needed rest in securing the Yet oh! there comes a voice to me, here within the shelter of my lovely home most prominent women abroad. Which says you are not dead. towhich from its calm restfulness and A syndicate, representing men of influence How much we miss you, "Jennie" dear, beauty I have given the name Solitude; and money in both Austria and the United for that word to me expresses beauty as well. No heart but ours can tell; States, is making arrangements to produce But He who gave has called you hence in Chicago during the World's Fair- - the enjoy it all with me; rest beneath the shade - famed Passion Play Heoeth all things well. exactly as it has been of these grand old oaks and be free for a His spirit whispers words of peace for centuries, at intervals of ten years, little while from all the work and strain of given To every sorrowing heart, the Bavaria. by people of life; I think you would almost feel the freshr The And tells us we shall meet once more, is as "The Orig- - ' syndicate incorporated ness of But never more shall part. youth returning to, you; everything inal Passion Play Asis so fresh and sweet here, the of the song sociation 'with capital stock of $800,000." We came to this land the birds, of flowers and and fragrance grass It is reported tcr be the intention to present Obedient to His will- ---Uie;purairt":"-'':T-C the Passion Play in Chicago with the same He rhas ni wfidom taken you I here to all have I lost of hope regain my -May we prove faithful still, former vigor and be ready for my work , in cast and same costumes as .were employed in And ever tread the narrow path the fall. 'Tis very sweet to be at home at its presentation at That we may meet you there, with my aged father:an(lmeettheJDldiriendsr When death shall come to call us home u llot forget thenew. and clearL ones From sorrow, toil and care. whom I hive left behind, and a feeling of A good word for women students comes sadness comes o'er me when I think of the from BuchtetiM The. dear fend hopes which filled our hearts, Of you in future years, many miles between us. But Hope ever Claypole, who is fortunate in having two near to comfort whispers I shall' meet you bright and beautiful daughters Are banished from them now, or drowned graduate, all again. My time was so limited toward there this year. The Beneath a flood of tears; women of the young the last, that I missed seeing many of Yet while they disappear from view, my graduating class take the prizes for the Law friends to say Good bye, which' I regretted A brighter ooms above, Essay; subject, 'Equitable Remedies, their ' ' ... ... That we shall meet and know oui babe much. very : Development and Place in Our Jurisprud - Tnxealms of endless love. ence." Miss-- J osephlne E . Cheney, of Can " al Winchester takes first prize; Edith and Annie. :.':rr Mrs. Margaret E. Sangster, the Agnes Claypole, ot Akron, share the second. of Har tier's Bazar and Mrs. E. P. The two young men who were Mrs. Lilije Devereux Blake will Terhune (Marian Harland) expect to hold left far behind. Of the" competed essays that took spiak at the Chautauqua Assembly, Har- a Woman's Council at the ;Monona Lake prizes an eminent lawyer said they would risonburg, Va., on Aug. 15, which is "Wo Assembly, Madison, Wis., about the-mihave been creditable in the records of theSu- : -- -- . music-teache- r, - co-operati- on - . -- Ober-Ammerga- Ober-Ammerg- au u, ? ; far-dista- nt . : Ober-Ammerg- . v 1 -- -4- . 1 d- man's Day." dle 01 July. y. ... ... ? au 