WOMAN S EXPONENT. VJt, elections, spending a lot of money to get some one into office so as to keep up with the rest of the world," he believed in the old feudal times of the Barons when every man's castle was his stronghold, and he was master by right of his inheritance." as he could t "He lived up to that as well honor bright "iirthose4imes,"methinksrbutr discrimithis all cousin mine, its wrong our nation against sex, we ought to have the same rights as our brothers; but we must dress to dance with the guests of the fete in honor of the new master, whatever dislike we may have to the reverent 'comso the colloquy ended- for the pany, 7 "time" being. The hours sped gaily notwithstanding, the great variety of costumes and colors, the quaint and uncouth manners country people festivities, and the young ladies were highly amused, and danced ,and laughed in and forgot their weariness and - the -- general- hilarity Even stately Jane Conway grew more .genial under the influence of the music, and her old bachelor lover felt quite at ease in. the warmth of her smiles, though not a loving .word passed between them until the time for departure, which was very late, the great clock of the castle had long since sounded the midnight hour, and in crowds the guests were leaving, when, drawing Miss Conway aside, her lover whispered in her ear, "tomorrow I shall be here early, ' ' and and now my best beloved, Good-nighhe pressed her hand Warmly. The guests were all gone,-- the lights were extinguished, Clair and Anna had retired, everything was' quiet only Jane Conway restless and dissatisfied with herself, paced up and down her room fretting like a caged bird, beating against its bars. "Tomorrow he will come and what does my heart say?: rooms; and a shiver of nervous fear ran through Lady A'nna as she recalled the scenes that had transpired of late, and she could not avoid saying aloud '"what a home coming this is. " Her maid caught the remark and began praising everything, telling her she must not indulge in idle fancies, but hurry up with the preparations" and consider what to wear on such an auspicious occasion". "The most elegant and decidedly plain dinner dress I have in my wardrobe," said Lady Anna with a positive tone that made '..Marie look up in amazement, but she yielded the point, jthough she had prided Jier-"self on having her resemble a fairy queen in crepe and pearls which best suited her style- - "-an- d . " " The great bell rang announcing the ban- "of-the- to escort his sister, the Doctor waited impatiently for his fiance, for he had not been alone with quet and Clair -w- as-on-hand ill-hum- Theivyetphete0k4 .aside for a moment; with the calmness of a saint at the altar of sacrifice she received his tender embraces, and he was too much wrought upon to notice her coldness, her silence to the excitement and the importance" of the. responsibility which was pending. He was so certain of the prize he had won that no doubt of its slipping away from him ever entered his head. The dinner was a tedious affair as such feasts generally are, everything, was.cn such a large scale, and Clair unaccustomed to presiding at table for the small family of three, would have - been - lost without-- Dr Bland's efficient help, who lightened his task (for such it was) in every conceivable way. v. Clair. had 4eeii in formed when he first arrived that there would be dancing later on, a thing unknown in that place, in fact no onepresent could. recaU.sudLaiie.vent never. at anytime during the recollection of the guests assembled :iiow, so said, one . after - an oth crv- - "There is no help for it" said Anna to her cpnsin,. "we must dress again, though I'm dead -- tired, and don't want to 'dance with these country bumpkins, Clair and the "Doctor are tlnnra ly"goodparluers, and IT want to go to bed, after such a jaunt and all this fuss and flurry. Clair is welcome to all the honors, and I shall not dispute any claim and there fbreliesliould- - do-a- ll and excuse me from any 'part" or parcel' in the matter;" which seems to be and-attribute- d or t, , -- -- out this poor life alone, than be united to: one I cannot love unreasonable, and yet he is so noble and Wtrue, "why not make . this sacrifice of self for his happiness? he deserves it from me, and I can devote my whole life to him, would it "be right? I know - the-hono-rs, gave-merriment-tortile -- not. No man in. the wide, wide world wil ever care for me perchance as he does, and I dread the future. Anna will marry soon and go to her own home; in time Clair will bring to the old homestead-- fitting bride, andl should be a pensioiierVasit rwereTn my late uncle's domain. No! I shall not, Twill keep my troth, I am resolved, come what may,' and she r threw roiff her apparel a whollyjbr hisrgtorification." 0. as to that" replied her cousin, "it is lmstilyndjjun pretty evenly divided bet ween you , brit save .afraid to meditate longer. Once, sound lor the fact of his, masculinity my opinion asleep after the fatigue and worry of the ; is, we never should have heard- of his ex- istence." v Anna looked as if "she but half comprehended the insinuation but said, 'Clair Is older ajicLseiiiority counts a great deal amcmglrelvnglish nobilityrmight havet been more unpleasant for-m-er had he not been a boy, with those bewitching eyes of his; rm gladlts no" worse, "and really what V ' . day, she dreamed such a dream as one do...getsw "She was in sel- - a strange land, everything was rude and primitive, she was dressed in dead blaclfrom head to foot, and stood in me miast ot a crowd ieelmg utterly alone; she gazed afar off and saw the great bound-Jes- s xceanheaving and surd mr. and sho heard the sobbing and moaning of the sad, makes you say we should never have heard 14:5 ...Jyuc JXUU wrnen a oneii iieara it of the heir. if he had not been a boy." child. She strained her eyes in the distance, "Because it is a stubborn fact of .which' I am and disco verd afar-o- ff a speck in the dim fully assured; have you not observed in the" iwiiun on me jr great sea waves- the J 'course of your short life" the deference paid otners seemed to be all jroino- hi ih r Qn m to men of.. title in to wodirection: she felt her h'n men of rank who were far more deserv pwa rm clasp and, looking down, snw'n iftti ing." oo) , iair Haired and suuny-huehis golden "O, but its so different with us, we're of curls "his streaming 'over, velvet collar, he very little consequence until we're married too was all in black, and her heart smote we have no prospect of public trust as papa within her as if some terrible calamity hadau xjiis tosn and humbu of lu , . - - contra-distinetio- n . d, uu - I again and nearer came the speck dancing as it were upon the distant waves. The noise of the crowd upon the shore seemed shrill and cruel in hen, ears and she tightened her hold upon the child's hand, who y looked lovingly into her face and " she exclaimed "so like Dr. Bland, and the bor wept; but she shed no tears, -nor did she try to soothe him, but gazed afar until the deafening shouts, went up from the landsmen ".ship ahoy! see she comes this way!" and then she turned and hurried "inland,; mechanicallyaTdng a winding path -tillshe came upon a cluster of hamlets in the deep, forests unlike nny.. she had oyer , seen, rougher and heavier built, one or two women met heron the .way, they were going towards the seashore, and they spoke pityingly, but- she passed on not heeding and shouts of them; all the time the-cri" the people on the beach were sounding in' her ears, and echoing back from among the uncon-sciousl- -- . -- - es greeiiAVQodilie.diild,tur backward, but she kept on her way and en tered the low doorway ...of one of the rude cabins seemingly to rest., for she felt very weary; the child begged her to go back to the shore" to see the ship, and finally she Trose and followed the little child, who hastened towards the sea; the people nodded pleasantly and some saluted her gallantly j d and wTarrior-lik- e one or two in stature and equipments, such as she never remembered having, seen before, spoke . dark-skinne- kindly and patted the lad's head, though their.faces were painted and they were bedecked with feathers," beads and the .fur of animals; she recalled having- read of such people in the old, old books; she must have lingered long away in that hut in the forest-sh- e thought, for the ship had landed, and putting up her hand to shade her eyes, for she was dazzled, she saw coming ashore lrrdeTsaSlie came Rob Harrison; but he was much older, anfetiomTig1 tl'ieTby thaugrrahekiie blushing she turned to fly. from him, but the boy was not at her side and she felt she must not lose him; while she hesitated, the stranger had overtaken her, and without her" thenrnpon the higlrvay7 the crowd bustling around them; the boy was there too and when the man found utterance he said, "where is my cousin An- nar. siiocked was she to heara fannhar voice among strangers, that she woke, dreaming that she was sobbing upon the bosom of thisstrangerina had been so many years separated ; the great dock was striking and her own maid standing over her in bewilderment, for she was really sobbing in her sleep. . . ask-'ingj-kiss- . J edr " Mrs. Belle C. Johnson is editor of the Salem (111.) 7 Republican. Miss ZiaiA N TJTTAErrof SanFrancisco7 is making her mark as an anthropologist. Just now she is in Dresden, Germany, where she has a fine collection of books on Mexico. She is remarkably well-infofni- ed in Aztec history and arts. In the last number of the ' 'Internationales Archivfur she publishes an illustrated articlepon the feather shields of Mexico. In a recent visit to Florence, Italy, Miss Nuttall discovered in the library an Aztec manuscript with. pictures. It turned out to be a treatise upon dress and ornament, and contains a text in Spanish. This, reprinted iauiumc wun cntical notes and an English translation,;; Miss Nuttalilin:.nm senrmHe, next Congress iji October. Kth-nographi- c'r . 