Voi,. 2i. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER i, 1892. V CONTENTS: N. A. In Rural England. Social W; SI A. A Trip to England. U. W. P. Work 'on the Sandwich Islands. A pieasant journey Ellis R. Shipp, M. D. Physio: logical LectureMartha Keelerr WrSr A. Salt Lake Co. Notes and News, Obituariy; Eleanor Cottrell Martyn. Editorial. Women and the World's Fair. Editorial Notes. A Happy Event. Wedding : " The Rights of ihe Wonw '.. Gray old roof! thy gables too, Knew the streets' familiar view Glimpsing through intricacies Of the tall box-eldtrees. n. Club-Woman- 's . er And thy many porches made r Grateful gift of snmmer shade At the end of its green path Bare in sunshine's amber bath. . . cer.' Only a Year Ago Hyacinth. ' j, THE GREEN STREET. Of the ways I wandered o'er In enchanted days of yore I love best a verdant street Traversed by my childish feet. It was long, and straight, and grown thick on either side Of a road that ran between-Sl- im gray rill through shores of green. On one side a low. stone wall O'er whose rlrh therise'and fall" tidal flow Of the wheat-field- s Shimmered in the summer's glow. Childhood's home! how fond and fast Memories of thy ways file past My heart's open window-pan- e Bringing back thy days again. Years have passed; the verdant street, Worn with tread of many feet, Lies a dusty, common way-Be- aten down from green to gray. Now a depot's busy mart Claims the orchard's quiet heart; Where the wheat-wanwavedrthere of steelsand ties '. : Peach trees-fpi- Or with with spring's pale flush, nk crimson-blush- ripe-frui-ts ds - In whose maze, with hootings dire, Gowlish things with eyes of fire with dragon guide, Serpent-shapeDay and night unceasing glide.' But no longer in the dawn Princely retinues are drawn; And no rush of fairy feet Fill the spaces of the street, Passed the quaint and quiet life,- Blotted out in noise and strife; " And the romance of its time Shut in these blind walls of rhyme. green-silence- I have trod it oft at dawn, When along its way weredrawn At my fancy's beckdnings Cavalcades of queens' and kings; Princes proud, and barons bold, With a blaze of green and gold-Co- me in pomp of princely state All to make my day elate. I have known - .v- - Josephine Spencer. IN RURAL ENGLAND. ; "" Oft our childish steps have stayed Long without the lonely glade -Faltering long,in doubt to choose In the dusk's conjuring hues-Hu-man v . But the erie shades of night Made the streets a place of blight Sprites of doom and shapes of dread Trod its tboroughTfaTelnstead. The XXVI. sacred ceremony performed, the. trying ordeal passed. Uncle Rob "giving: the . bride away, and the over the grand oldrfamilyx its handsome white horses and appurtenances for it bore the "Walton Anns." Lady Anna who was still Lady Anna in her beautiful personality" with all the sweetness and grace, of her own :;i dear self without so much as a wedding-breakfa- st (as in- - these days) was handed to a seat in the coach of -- Lord Walton!s family; young Walton-t- he proud bridegroom following in haste, as though afraid at the last moment of losing his prize. Mrs. Bland "wept profusely, she had never shed so many tears since . her mother's funeral.' She1 could scarcely, account for it herself and her husband was very much annoyed. Uncle Rob thought leave-takin- -- foes that ambushed lay In the street to bir our way Or those things of darker fear, Rustling in the cornfield near, Counting every yard a league, Bristling thick with still intrigue Ere we reached all safe and whole that made our goal, Fond home-ro- gs . Which our shrinking forms must brush Should werbra ve its Vibrant hush: Shapes that kept our way beside As we swam the wheats' deep tide of - : Every mound and hollow grown Populous with elfin throngs, Holding fete with dance and songs. -- lies-ftpran"fie- s, k. Then at twilight thf-r-nnc- - Made a still, sweet, stir of bloom d In the street's gloom. ... j ; ' minded young maiden felt such perfect happiness and security, that all else" and all other friends, home, the paternal mansion, and its associations were momentarily forHer parting from cousin ; Jane to gotten. f i wnom sne x weo.i - so mucn w7as as notmng at sucn a time out to j ane uiana it was painful. She did not even rememberl that her, destination would be among Clair's native mountains, she only rejoiced in the beautiful present, perhaps it was as well; . 'yet it was painful to those who were left be- -' hind whn Inved hfr frr herwlf. her native goodness, her personal worth and genuine qualites. The servants threw pecks of rice sent not after her and the old honse-keepeonly an old shoe flying after her, but horseshoes as well, even more than one. -- lind of- After rmi nttiff-m- if .sight, and, the relatives of , the family of the late Baronet had spent themselves iif gossip .t ..... rt . . - ... . t aDout tne anair, tne DreaKiast was announced and Uncle Rob, Clair, Doctor Bland and wife, the Bishop and Rector with all the guests from a , distance, including Lady Walton, and some of the Walton relatives, gathered around the table, to partake the wedding feast. Gloomy enough too for the absence of the bridal party cast a Miauuw ovei: me sumptuous monung meal, even though all present seemed . anxious to make the best of it. A strange melancholy settled down upon the company, and not all the witticisms and reminiscences of the older relatives could dispel the settled conviction that many of them seemed to feel that the change now made, would not be the only radical one within a short time. The subject of the future being brought up each one seemed willing to respond or to give an opinion and the iinivprl vprdipt was that never again would they, meet in that old ruin; many things pointed in the direction of some new and unknown changes, : that ::ererincomprehensible, - a" quht observer might see several of those mostiuterested,had strange presentiments in regard to the future. J , The wedding breakfast over, the party and conver gathered in the drawing-roosation became. more general. A bright fire oi nam wood glowed cheeringly and lighted ujj theheavir 3ark; mahogany furniture and sombre wainscoted walls. KViney fruits and nuts were upon the table, for dessert was to be served there that the servants' .and old retainers jmight: eomeinrto partake. Hhe breakfast, 'perhaps it was the exhilaration of the Winp that trior? f th iliar and loosed Jheir tongues... UjjcIc.-Ror. -- . most with her, wondered why she should weep like that when his own grief was quite as real although not so demonstrative. Lady Anna was perfectly happy; she was not one who cared much for wealth and popularity, nor did she know how necessary in it was to her happiness and society. She had. never yet comprehended those great and homely truths that so affect jQ.urliyes temporally viz. the social con ditions." In the possession of her heart's desire, the 1 sh, silver-bubble- And along their outer edge, Leaning on the wall's slim ledge-N- ear the gaps by bold hands made In some w;ell requited raid . Some few rods from off the road That green orchard" forest showed """TrCT At whose edge a long path wound " To the homestead's farthest bound; Down beyond the barn, whose walls Saw our gayest festivals; To the spring, whose crystal tent Pitched amid the field's extent Sweet-briar-wild-rose-bu- No. 11. well-bein- g Drew the hordes7 of rushes tall and all The lank grasses there to drink d At its brink. wide-G- rass . it uncalled for, and Clair who sympathized ; Re-unino- ' i . : . ; m ' -- b. 