cided to designate him by his particular request, was deeply in love with her feminine cousin Jane. She had not dared to mention it, though she had been strongly tempted IN RURAL KNGLAND. v When the door closed after Rob Harrison Ksquire the "literary light" and his friend Kverhard, Anna, drawing a long breath as a sigh of relief, "said to her cousin, "here is'another obstacle in my pathway, just when the coast seemed clear, and I felt this relative my myself independent, mother's cousin comes forward as a protector; pray, how many do I need?" "And so Anna you are not pleased with your mother's cousin, she did not repeat to her that he had been her" mother's lovers one would think a relative on that side would have been most welcome." "Jane, cousin mine, he assumes too much; he comes patronizing me first of all, before he knows anything of me." "No doubt Anna, Burke and Hemenway have told him what a child you are in matters of importance beyond musicauejjig urebs anu manner, inn, soueny, is ne uot rison seeing the dilemma made bold to ask why she was out in the night air, was she not fearful of taking cold in such a light costume? She replied freezingly, and he urged her to avoid the damp, or she would scarcely be equal to the journey contempla, ted so jsoon. , And heladded,as if.bylway-of--drawinher into conversation, "would you mind telling me how you like .the country residence of your late uncle, and what there is of interest in the neighborhood?" "0,as to that yourcau come and see for yourself, ithere is a fine park aud.plenty of game inline hunting season, and I've no doubt tflat would suit you as it does most" cousin, that ft was to tell her strong-minde- d atdangerous to. receive Mr. Harrison's tentions,' etc; but how could she speak to her of it," knowing of her. engagement and also how reluctant she had ever been to acknowledge that even Dr. Bland was in love with her. And so she passed it by, -- but gossips would not, and soon Lady Walton, hearing it talked of, sounded Lady Anna who confessed to her Ladyship that she had become convinced of the fact. Englishmen." "And. what is this very dignified, con"I was wondering if you would think it scientious young woman going to do with worth your while to invite me for any season , two lovers at once?" remarked Lady Walthe hunting season is a long way off, I ton witli some asperity, for she had that Miss Conway knew of her might be far enough away before that time . interview with oir ivdward ana it naa oiten comes.'" Tane scarce what knew nettled her when she came in contact with 'I replv to make her, "I have not the slightest idea, but know you to come soon, they will be lonely after ing her uprightness in all matters, I am the gaieties of London, there is no society sure she will do exactly right. " there; that is it is a long way to the nearest "Yes, well, passably so, but strange indeed that you should notice that, you who neighbor's and in fact we never have visited. Lady Walton was nonplussed md drop.never could see anything to admire in men, ped the subject for the time, but she watchMy uncle did'not mingle with the people in' not even. in the good old Doctor, who loves ed Miss Conway jealously, but closely as that vicinity, and consequently we do not she scrutinized her conduct, she could find know them." you so devotedly. I am astonished; there must be something extraordinary, in Rob nothing to condemn. "Then when you return do you expect to Harrison when you can admire him," in retirement after such a round of live season drew toward its At last the gay "0, 1 don't know as to that he has a close and the young ladies felt it was time pleasure as. your cousins have kept up the fine face and wonderful eyes, very much to return to their country home. Matters last few months?" like your own, and yours are like your had been pretty well adjusted in the mean "I scarcely know; there will be some mother's I suppose. By the way, is it not time and Clairville Hilliard was likelv to changes in the house I presume, it will'.-'bestrange there is no painting of your mother get the benefit of the title unless something :positiyely7 necessary: if: Clair succeeds to the in the hall at the Castle? Did occur-tuuKiiuwn uumt: m me way. ui. uianaAvas title, you must knowr better than I do I've you?" of such matters, my life growing very impatient of the long delay, never known much ' , j 't r "Never, I scarce ever heard her name for such - it seemed to him, though he was. very quiet until l came to stay at my mentioned, old Mrsrlless our former head busied himself making all the final prepar uncle's and since then so much has happened housekeeper spoke of her sometimes, but ations and in attending to- that I wonder how I have kept my senses." Mrs. Burke was not installed in the house"This is most interesting, pray enlighten every duty in detail pertaining "to the estate hold in her day, and she always protested of Sir Edward, and the poor and sick all the me. I am of matters in iHiinc Hess snid nr rWA " against .every country " ' riinglish ounlry TfCoS Finally the season really closed, that is. when a boy (and that was long ago) I knew Harrison to call again or to come to ,the Lady Walton gave an eleborate ball as she Devbiishire pretty vyeU Castle when we return it vas a discourtesy knew it wras expected by her set undMait- cetmtryr Butreally we must not linger here, our landrs tlie tiancee was belle partor of the ball, .and not oniy the ciarup air, but Anna might be jm gentlemen seemed to have eyes for me." so ins motiier Had intended .it should be looking for you aie yuuHoi Ixcr rhaberone "How could I think of anything with from the first. She wore her favorite color. tonight? And,lowTnnghLsyoi(i him staring at me, in that dreadful way; and pearls ,were her only orna- - you Were mine instead. I have more need nf . ' butJLsilppQseJie-- B come nntn tr cp if T men t in the way of iewelry tlfoueh her as to unused am I one, society." Miss Conneed his advice, or protection forsooth." dress was nearly covered with the most exway affected not to hear him and hurried to"Don't Anna, you may need both, none quisite lace; she was like a her wards the house, but met Clair iirthe hall-- of us 'know what- lies .in store, and the wonderful liair was golden arranged so -- as way as they were about to ascend the stair ot a is man rare and to display its magnificence and ornamented case, who mendship truly good boydike, unthinkingly, when he that Mr. Harrison is an exceptionally good with in the most perfect taste; when saw the two pearls coming in together mischievousman I feel tolerably sure." she danced it was as though she flew d ly exclaimed aloud, "what would the Docor glided in air; she was so unlike tor say? .wn.uuoiu, umu )uu nearine Jjoctor s opinion, or have you had an intuition? If so' other young ladies that she could not fail to It was. too bad to spoil tlli pleasant litI have no more to say; you are invariably be attractive wherever she went; there was tle intemew by stern facts. Clair was innoright in your presentiments." a naivete, a freshness too about her that was cent enough about it though Rob Harrison The girls talked on and on of thestmnw charminsr. Uncle Rob delightfully hr had not heard of the visit until, joined. by ClairDoctorExp Slliss and wafcherhOT about Hilliard had of spoken him, and had not ior tne time the subiect was wniverl hnf was as one it earned him once back encnanted, he was more suspected than the guardnot forgotten, and it was not likely to be to the time when his cousin had made T75V ian of his cousin, but his either; for his destiny and theirs were linked heart beat suspicions were rapturously, and he walked out amused njpw, not that he had fallen lin love and interwoven, and the fnru-into the fresh air to his bewildered seriouslyhow could he, a confirmed old Jane Conway w ere not without fouudation.-Th- senses; some one else regain was in the same days that followed were like others similar mood, Tor he saw a few stenc or a bachelor! He had solemnly vowed to remain at that season of gaiety except for the from him a single and yet he wanted societv. worn' woman pacing up and down as YiMi Jjcpmpanibnshiphe.liad been a mother's boy ui iMr.iiarrison, who came often though in Slie deep thought. dressed an sue nao, and Uiey had been all in all to enough to learn the status of affairs. . He m pure white, a mantle trimmed with swan's eacli ill so dieanL irom: the loiitKul-Hn- w war tiT down mrown loosely over her head almost heart Other; she had stood by him when his " had been torn asUwerCbIiis coilsiu's were movmS in reference to Clair "and the concealed her face, but he recognized Jane ' precipitous "miserable marriage;' they went title, though he kept tliese matters to himand wondered Coihvay, siie should a watogether-afterwards- , why self except as he gave father- advice to the and wish to withdraw from the - abroad diedowd. gay P who took man, wandered he:iadr I'oung here aiid" Bndly his sugsight of him almost ' at the same there seeking fame or gestions, and profited bv tl solace, and now had moment and it was impossible o nvmVi become it was apparent to "Anna, who was more or less interested in these unspeaking. Both felt it, a sort of unwelcome protected more and more versed in affairs of becoming young people for whom he the heart that her cousin or uncle, as she had de- - encounter, they were anxious to avoid each a sort of fatherly care; he was inclined tofelt be other, yet fate would have it so. - Mr. Har-- : i . g , . not-forgotte- n 9 -- - , . it-ev- o er . -- . . in-his-h- ome, - totallv-miinforme- d ;oimdi -- sea-gree- n, - sea-nvmol- i! - -- fairy-foote- . - -. and-oUie- -- rsr , e . 1 i I i ; . -'K- She-caugh- t - s'-'mier-1 . . 