WOMAN'S 376 ism, or United Order, will never be established until every man can recognize in his neighbor a friend or brother, ixnd all have come to a unity of faith in the Lord Jesus. Christ. U WHAT TO TEACH-YOUN- G U. K. W. .WOMEN. A mother writes: "What shall I teach my d.iughter??" This one important and tremend nna VaM.rVUat i I ata 15 Tirt hnnninneq in this world for an idle woman. .It may be with hand, it may be ;withJ)rain,JtmaybelwitlL . EXPONENT ly to be wondered at, still the voto, stood .152 to 175, showing a large number in its favor. The welcome to Lady Ihnry Somerset on her landing at Liverpool, was so general and enthusiastic that Association Hall could Lot hold all who assembled, and an overflow meeting of nearly seven hundred waf held. The mayor also gave her a. reception at the lqwn Hall. x. v THE WOMAN'S '.' TRIBUNE, Edited and published weekly at Washington, T?T?WTOV tnr Pt T Price, r!rTTV ADA Trial Subscription, five SI. 00 a year. .. weekscrJOjcents, The Woman's Journal, of Boston, and the Woman's Tribune, of Washington, D, C will be sent to one address for 3.00 per year. Ii5 -- The little girls of our families must be started with that idea. The curse of our vouncf women LAmerican society is that-ou- r are taught that the first, 'second, third, .fourth, fifths sixth, seventh, tenth, fiftieth, thousandth thing in their .lives is to get somebody to tafce are of therm should be how, under God, they may take care of themselves. The simple fact is that a majority of them do have to take care, of themselves, and. that, too, after having, through the false notions of their parents, wasted the years in which they ought to have learned how successfully to maintain themselves. It is inhuman and cruel for fathers or mothers who pass their diuorhtors into womanhood haviner eiven them no facility for earning their livelihood. Madame de Stael said: "It is not these writings that I am proud of, but the fact that I have facility in ten occupations, in any one of which I could make a livelihood." We should teach our daughters that work of any kind, when' necessary, is a credit and honor to them. It is a shame lor a young woman bewhen- to a large family to be inefficient longing . t n t i i tne motner ana rather toil ineir lives away ior her support. It is a shame for a daughter to be idle while her mother toils at the washtub. .'.It is as nonprable 4qtswep:Jjotiser make-beds" or trim hats, as it is to twit a watch chain or - embroider a slipper. Key. T. De Witt Talmage. ever. . . ' . r; - A cheerful heart is richest l human for even treasures; gold shines more brightly smnes me 01 tne sun. in (e of-al- - There are three things which ought to be considered before some things are spoken the manner, the time, and the place. . We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while Qthersjie uuve airtauy uone. Keeps on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS7FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI-POIS- E WAISTS, ETC. ITIafelng in all its branches, ITJIIIinery, lates Ftj'les, JIals and ISonnets cleaned' and retrimmedt I'f atliers curled, etc. Mampuiff core 10 order. But. .tfif s covered while you wait, liurial Suits a Siclally ess ill. FIUSTSOUTIIYISEETr Tbree doors west of Theatre. p tlj IN U. pQ-r- yJO ST3' OBITUARY. Coombs. In Mauston, Sunday evening, Jan. 24. i892t at 10 o clock, after a brief illness of pneumonia. Mrs. Coombs was one of the first settlers of this citv. having resided here about 35 years. She was born at vmal Ha en, Me., Oct. 11, 1812. Deceased was a lady esteemed and respected by all who knew her for the many excellent traits of character and uprightness which marked her life. She was a true Christian, a constant Bible reader and followed its precepts as nearly as it is possible for any one in this world to do-.- Grandma Coombs belonged to hat kind,' faithful, old fashioned class of people whose oeatn leaves a vacancy not easily filled. Her only child. Mrs. II. G. Penniman, of this city, suruives her. They have always lived together and the kindly presence of fcrauuma m ine nome will long be sadly missed. The lunerai was neid at a o'clock p. m., on the 27th, from the esidence of H. G. Penniman. Of the "relatives present . Leave a mau alone, and he will sit for hour3 Jn a pair of wet shoes, or wetter clothes. Not so when a woman is near. Women, we are told, know little of business, yet when business troubles come to a man what a comfort' a good wife can be. When he despairs, she is hopeful. By her efforts, more, perhaps, than by what she actually accomplishe'she brings new hope, o and the points way-tanewbe neweaunige, ginning. Ho w often women have been the - lucans-e- f SAIjT The Ladies Home Journal lake city. The Leading Retail " Ciasli - House HQMAS Col. and Mrs. B F. Parker and daughter, of Milwaukee. Rev. H. Goodsell, pastor of the M. E. church, officiated at the funeral which was attended by a large concourse of THE sympathizing friends. Dldll dard Gauge The lady whose death we record here was bao- hized many years ago into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints by Elder Wilford i : y Woodruff, now President of the Church, who was then on a mission to the Eastern States,' particu larly Maine,in 1837,,. She has been in the habit of paying her tithing and donations to the Temple o1 late years, since having been rebaptized by Elder when he was on a mission to the Northwestern States. She was desirous of gathering with this people, rejoiced in the testi mony of the truth and died full of faith and of hope in the resurrection. Editor. Miles-Komne- . , -- .' " .. RAILWAY! i THROUGH THE, . ROCKY MOUNTAINS! y VIAVI TREATMEOT. Choice of Three Distinct Routes, AXI THE SCENERY HOST MAGNIFICENT RAILROAD TwoJast Express Trains Daily Among. the new discoveries of science is the treatment known as viavi, which some of the medical journals of the day speak of in the' higst:orterms. 2 It is a simple remedyTnot disagreeable, and does not require personal examination; the patient can attend to n aser"It is aioeai remedy witFaTwo fold action, constitutional and local "dan--gero- us her-ow- EACH WAY BETWEEN OGDEN, SALT LAKE AND DENVER. ELEGANT REG LI N I N G CHAIR CARS! 3Bx-e- G of" Charge. Direct Connections made in Union Depots. - THE MOST V EQUIPPED RAILWAY IN THE WEST. . THOROUGHLY ' Office of the YiAYi CoJirANY; Ladies in poor health please call on Wednesday and Saturday afternoon. Jtoom 533, Constitution Building. cal. Hgr. G. V. Snpt. A P. A. CO. DAVID TAMS3'& AM CITTFRS TillUCDO uiATrn voted down the woman sufirage bill on April 27, which after Gladstone's change was hard- - : :wereegrandchi averting"bminess-disaster3orm- uI tiplying failures with further implications the world will never know, butThere are men who know it, and they are the men ofwhomtlo ask, "Is woman a failure ?'' - SOMA 26,28. 30and32 East 1st SouttiSt, 7ETERN Leave aside all power of a woman's influence over a man's life if you will, and consider his helplessness. A man doesn't know how to take care of himself He is not quite as helpless'as a Bhip at sea without a compass, but the simile can al.nost be truthfully applied. The absence of a wife from home has demonstrated to many a man how large and important a part she is of it, and of him. The right kind IL a wife knows better what is essential to her husband's comfort than he does himself far better. He waits for illness to come, and then combats it, frequently when too late. But the wife sees the. symptoms and usj sight" tells" ler lHathe7husband is unwell when sometimes he is not conscious of it himself. ' " from Constitution RE0VuED fier Bui ding her residence, 167 THIRD STREET Office hours, 2 to 4 p m- - o'ce, . ctc Agent for RUMSEY'S "celebrated LIFTand FOK PUMPS. Pumps Repaired en abort notice. Orders front the country promptly responded to. 