r- - -- WOMAN'S EXPONENT to receiving: and welcoming h whom were many old residents of the ward in the 01 otner.xsisaops; the house was well filled days ' .r .1 was a musical exerfj! anuI prayer,tnere Alter singiuK by. .the Platte brothers on - cise w T 5"iai auu mandolin, finely given and followsv hv t?w w iU(l of George Goddard who. gave a sketch the life of . . T J r ITT in tuwaru nunier uncharacteristic style, uisnop first Bishop of the 13th ward and afterwards ore- siding uisnop 01 the Lhurch, relating facts and incidents in a manner tnio uuu nortravin? nrA ik ..... Kliiu, Next followed a Drief summary ef the life and labors ot liishop r.dwin D. Woolley who, succeeded Bishop Hunter and MresidpH in" th vuw v Al u years, by George Woolley his youngest , 30 5iu ;uu uuw ,uuuscw to isnop .Lmpey. Bishop Millen Atwood's son gave a short history of his father's life, labors and mission as an Elder and Bishop, and these exercises were followed by singing by a selected choir,and Heber S. Goddard favored the company with the song entitled, "The heart bowed down" which was:"thr rFT"( ?wr evening. Delicious refreshments were served tn all in the house by the Relief Society,assisted by tne young ladies ot the ward. After the interval or eaung ana social conversation, the party was addressed by President Angus M. Cannon. 7ina D.H.Young, B . W. Smith and E.B.Wells. urotner ueo. Lroadard gave one of his e ... songs the audience joining in the chorus, and the .. . I i was J cusmissea wun prayer Dy tlder A. M. pany musser. ihA-'trmMr-- Angus m cannon, Hon. Wra. Seeg still hold those positions, the motion was seconded miller, member of Ter., NVm. Hon. Legislature, H. and put to vote. Vice Pres. MY. Dougali moved King, Pres. of the ..Council, the gentlemen all Ithai a yte of thanks be extended to retiring spoke of woman's influence and their officers for their efficient service. jhe high appreThe motion ciation of womanliness and motherhood express-in- g was seconded put to vote and carried. v. the wish that women might be privileged in the Mrs. E. H. Woodmansee spoke in near future to enjoy praise of the officers of the Institution and equal political rights with of men refernng to the time when the women of the business, urged the sisters to encouragingly come and takethis Territory voted and themanner in which .more stock they lost the franchise; after which" the refreshment The following Board of Directors were then Committee announced supper, and all voted in. repaired to j the lower hall where an elegant was spread Mrs. M. t, Home, M. Y. Dougall, M. W. Wilrepast and the guests were waited upon by pretty young cox, C. C. R. Wells, Carrie S. Thomas, Matilda girls in caps with yellow ribbons and white P. Spencer, Z. D. H. Young, E. H. Woodmansee. aprons with rosettes of the same "suffrage" color. from which the following officers were chosen, The members of the Association all wore their Pres., M. I. Home, Vice Pres. M. Y. Dougall, badges and bows of yellow ribbon and the spoons Treasurer, Mrs; Carrie Thomas. and cutlery used were also tied with a knot of Mrs. Minnie James was voted in as Secretary. dainty yellow ribbon. The tables were decorated until the Meeting adjourned of 15th Aug. or the with ivy and smilax m a tasteful manner. After Saturday nearest to that date. "GiTAiDYS Woodmansee, Sec. and a recitation by President Joseph E. Taylor, upon woman and her mission on this earth, composed many- - years ago and written in a lady's AN ABLE APPEAL. album, by the late President of the Church Elder John Taylor. A song by Mrs Maggie Hull was To the World's Fair Committee of IhTlJtah sweetly sung, "Edinboro Toon" with the true :L -Legislature. Scotch accent and her beautiful and melodious : voice touched the hearts of all. Tuesday morning Feb. 16, there was a meeting Benediction was pronounced by Counselor NV of the legislative joint committee and the ladies' committee on the World's Fair, at the Knutsford r V.Jones. Hotel, the object being to discuss Utah's need of During the early part of the evening" the Presi dent received the following telegram from Miss an appropriation for the Columbian Exposition. Anthony in answer to an invitation or ticket for Hon. Joseph Morrell presided., Mrs. Margaret B. Salisbury read the following the party sent to her at Rochester. ' paper in support of the appropriation of the sum Rochester, N. Y., Feb; 15, 'gi. of I roo.ooo: ' Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, "The board of lady managers of the World's Entertainment Half 15th Ward. Columbian commission desire to develop to the Greetings dear friends' that our Citizens Rteht lunest extent the grand possibilities that have to vote may soon pe secured is the prayer of your been placed in their hands by the united action of vOBgresSjr the, management of the exposition and ' B Anthony.; the authorities of the various States and Terri1 i, 1 .,a -- v - old-tim- ANNIVERSARY - -- CELEBRATION ; Susan B. Anthony's Birthday. Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball the President of the N. A. W. S. A. of Utah Ter. calleda meeting o7 the ofEcer&of the Association and took preliminary steps towards celebrating in a characteristic manner-"- - the - anniversary of - Miss Susan B. Anthony's birthday in Entertainment Hall in the -!5th Ward of this City. The hall was handsomely decorated aiid a very elegant banner hung over the speaker's desk with the motto in embossed letters "Taxation Without Representation is Tyranny," on one side the picture of Elizabeth Cady Stanton and on the other Susan B. Anthony flowers and flags in pro fusion, the lone star of Wyoming occupying a conspicuous place, and "over all waved the national stars and stripes. Mrs.Emily S. Richards acted as mistress of ceremonies, relieving Mrs. Kimball from the care to occupy the seat of honor. The exercises opened with the song "Help the working women," from the "Utah Woman Suffrage Song Book." Invocation by Mrs. Elizabeth Howard. Song, "Equal Rights." The opening address was by the President, Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, and was in her usual original style,, making some strong points in ..regard to woman's position, in a style peculiarly her own, Mrs. Lillie T. Freeze gave a telling sketch of the life of Susan B. Anthony, National President of the N.-W. S. A. Reading"Only a GirRby-MrsC- r Louise Boydena'ihaccomplisfled-elocutionist. Mrs. E. B. Wells gave a sketch of "Woman's Work" or "What Some Women Have Done,'' mentioning Zenobia' Hypatia, Aspasia, Martia, and at a later time Elizabeth of England, Joan of Arc, Isabella of Castile, Maria Theresa, Catharine of Russia, Margaret of Austriaand the good and Victoria of our own great Queen ' r.---- "r':"-time; Recitation, "The Brave Ones at Home,' Mrs. Elizabeth Mc'Farlane. A poem by Mrs. Emily k ! Woodmansee was read by Mrs. Nellie Taylor, followed by a song by Thomas Ash worth "As I sat upon my dear oldjnother's knee." Short speeches were made by Pres. Joseph F. Co-worke- r. tories. SENTIMENT. . ' "'Iff behalf of the ,1 . .. Dear Susan, we appreciate her past labors for the uplifting- of womankind, we love her as a sister and friend. May she live until the political shackles are stricken from her sister woman. This Sentiment I wished to express, or to have r expressed but no opportunity presented. t 0 ill. - It.. WOMAN'S C. M. & M. INSTITUTION. Minutes of an annual meeting: of the stock holders of the W. C. M. and M. Institution held in 13th 1893, Rooms, Feb. the 14th Ward Assembly . . . nieeting. alter the regular Ladies PiraverwaToffeTeijbv minutes of the previous, or semi annual, meeting were read and accepted, after which rres. Home the npcessarv absence of some of the CJJVIVV V j APR, nt TnQthiitinn which shevervj much re- ViiwVI9 but we must proceed with the business of - semi-montn- iy -- ' : ; Cole-broo- bread-winner- s, " V gretted, - The secretary then readaiunmlJ-eportoiihebusines for six months, or up to f eD. ist, 1092. Pres. M. I. Home spoke of the discouragement uu Wv,?K wa hav had to meet tnrougn me con- . o f th 0 and the sisters in th faith fuI Jabors of the i rrerrA A.CitlV.M m gCUCIill nfWr and their desire to promote the welfare of the enterprise. Exhorted tne sisiers 10 pawouuc . cfii Mt nroud of the result con .u- sfnrk-holder- s. m 11 sidering the state ot business geuciany. Wood E. H. t JUW SillJuaMvu- - of the Treasurer. Woodmansee mansee, and the Secretary Gladys vcu were then read. Pres. w.. 1. xioiuc the retiring officers ri.nitmnv be. accepted as :tbea Uzx nther nrtrent duties pressing-upo- n that they ; were not able to though she regretted wbmen "of Utafil we liave the pleasure to state that thousands of petitioners from tne several counties have.senf thdr aDDeals to the Legislature of Utah, now in session, for an appropriation of $100,000 to properly renresent our Territory af the World's Fair in Chicago. We Deg to supplement their petitions by our earnest request that your honorable committee will ap prove and recommend such liberal aDDronrlatlnn of money for this object as will be commensurate with the dignity, richness, magnitude, productiveness and moneyed capabilities of Utah. The wo men of Utah are engaged in branches of industry and we wish to make the best possible showine of their achievements in every line of labor, educational,, artistic, literary, benevolent, economic. It is important that we show the who are fighting unaided the battle of life, the wider ' opportunities awaiting them, and what training win Dest enable them to seize those opportunities and make their work of the greatest value not only to themselves, but to the. world. In order to - A. -- - - . I. 126 accomplish these aimsinUtah.it will be neces- sary to thoroughly organize every county so that ' spicniauc canvass may oe made as to the condition of industrial women, their productions and earnings, whether in the studio; counting house," schoolroom, factory, mill, dairy, or the farm. iTom the 'nformation we have Fathered on these subjects we?. feel encouraged to assure you that the. w.omen DfUtahw4lI-niee- t theirfsters of"' the different States and Territories in a" manner highly creditable to the energy,' intelligence and talent which characterize the women of the West. Of the women of Utah there are twelve who have published one or more books, and several boks m ; are now in preparation, and two newoaoers are 1 published by, jwomenT The Salt Lake Tribune) Htraiat the 6andaro( Ogden, employ women " ; ; 