WOMAN'S , EXPONENT. Angus ,m. cannon, ne premcea ins remarks by saying:, "The child was the sun shine of the world." His idea of the child its tendencies, its nature and what its" train ing should be happily accords with the views entertained by most of the people call saints. Ihe theory is all ed Latter-daright the difficulty lies in carrying it out practically. We think as Col. Parker does that when children are, trained, in that way the world will have entered upon a higher plane,- and the Millenunim will come. But first of all we argue that children must be born right; the conditions under which -- i y - 1 iildreirareixnrlh"eivircninrentsrofihe "mother, ;the maternal influences are the start ing point. If the people of this generation can be made to see the necessity of training, it may have a wholesome effect upon those to be born in the future, and the few who accept this higher ideal m,ay leaven the whole in due process of time. The grealestjQictQr--ii- i iovurthechilcrlong3" for it, its nature craves it; not indulgence, but real true love. ' " ? The really great men of the country were almost without exception those who came from the farm or the workshop. Here in Utah, or at the Institute in Provo he had met five hundred of the sharpest thinkers, most earnest and intelligent teachers and students that he had ever seen in the United States, and he had held a greatmany insti- v tutes in different places. He felt that the keynote to this was the pioneer, life the struggles for existence, the real practical work and the love of industry transmitted to this generation. The speaker thought the universe the expression of God's thought, and that when a child turned to nature he asked God for of hi Hi It was at Westerfield, near Ipswich, my own home, that we first met the London cousin, afterwards to become so famous, .then" a girl just iu her teens, and overflowing 'with spirits.1 $he was already an author! Few writers indeed can loast of a literary career beginning iu the nursery, but such was the case with the author of When 'Pharaohs, Fellahs and Explorers only njne years old she gained the prize offered for a temjeraiice: story- - - in a popular periodical, to the immense gratification of her parents; whose only child and idol she was. In these early days, however, it ' PREHISTORIC MAN' IN AMERICA. , -- seeTue fame us a musician than an author. Her girlhood may be said to have been devoted to the study of music, and at twenty one she was an accomplished mistress of harmony, the pianoforte and the organ. She had also developed another, and perhaps even more marked, gift, namely, the great talent for -- dra wrrsTTever f T7 been the case sisieutiy cuiuvatea, with music. Hand in hand with pianoforte practice, often extending over eight hours a day, Miss Edwards carried on other studies, more especially that of her own language and literature. Of both she was a patient and an ardent student, and the results were the critical acumen and purity of style which characterised the author later on. Some charming little musical stories belou sr to this period, and soon appeared her first novels, 'Mv Brother's Wife,' and 'The Ladder of Life,' followed by her great success in fiction, 'Barbara's History.' Henceforth her life was devoted to literature, her works being too well known to need enumeration here. "Intervals of travel relieved- the hard work of these daysandjaottheleastliappy Hoiiday spent with her wras a little pilgrim-ag- e we made to my native Suffolk. Ever a passionate lover of nature, the sight- - of -- er w4ttg7-Avhieli7owcT- a v. roweiir in tne forum, says: "No fragment of evidence remains to support the figment of theory that there was an ancient race, of Mound Builders superior in culture to the North American Indians." He also takes the view of Morgan, that the early writers extoled the skill of( Uhe sculptors of the mound buildintr period. "Tlley "found carvings of birds, ,aiicliiiamuials.- supposed to represent foreign species with great accuracy; but these very objects which. they praised so highly have been and found so crude that, though a bird may well be identified as such, it can rarely be recognized as any specific bird of this or any other country. There are many things found iu some of the mounds that do not belong to the original builders. When white men first, came to this country European goods were traded to the Indians, and these in time were buried, in the mounds made for this purpose; $n many beautiful things are found that are wrongfully termed the work of a pre- historic race. Mr. Powell thinks" that the stone dwellings of which but ruins only remain were built not longer ago 'than three t t t. juiuiui cu y cai i it bay s mere is no necessity to search for lost and wonderful peoples to account for any known facts. He further states ''that both themmind rnltnrp nnrl tli -- -- . ' 1 as-na- a ill -- . r : the degree of L. II. I), was confered on her, Professor Tyndal and the Provost of Queen's College, Oxford, being the only other British subjects similarly honored. She ajlso held the hon. degree of E. E. L)L from Smith's me urn time milh ucicc nau ueeii conferred on a woman in ..America. Miss M. Uijtiiam Edwards, In Bristol Western Daily Press. - j r ed to-cl- ay , them. He alluded to these valleys set like emeralds in the mountains, and that no one -- could study them without bowing in sincere" familiar, sceiies awakeiiebT keenest pleasure." p u eblo cu 1lire liave had"a;ovy'begimlrag, admiration to the God who sculptured them 'I feel once more a child, she would say, ji slow, gradual development, and a modern ; from nature. He referred to the great ad as we strolled amid the meadows and ireen culmination. Both were at the height of vancements made in science in the last cen- - lanes in the neighborhood of Needham their glory when the oontiuent was dis- genial-corn- -tury or in tact during tne last nitv years, Markets uj- juiupcuua, auu iiuyyucjc UU we the discoveries that had been practically panionr always in exuberant spirits these find evidence of peoples other than the worked out and adapted to the use of the holidays spent with my cousin were days to North American Indians and their ancesworld at large. remember. Nothing: in the shape of natur- tors." ' The wdiole lecture was beautifully illusMr. Powell thinks that iu the 'archse-- ' al beauty escaped her, the lark caroling trated With graphic word pictures that above, the young wheat, a hedge garlanded with wild rose and honeysuckle kindled there is no evidence that man had learned brought the truths elucidated clearly before the mind's ;jeye, and will doubtless intense delight. The loveliest scenes of to use bronze oriron. There is no culture make a lasting impression on those who had Italy or Greece could not fascinate her more. found higher than that of the "stoue age." , 1. . TT the. privilege of listening to his earnest eloChance decidedjdiss Edwards' career as an xie aiis iuucac uy btauug Lliat tile eunciuucb I..', quence. After Col Parker's lecture,- the Egyptologist. A wet holiday trip iu France graphic. art on bark, bone, shell, or stone choir sang "Zion. Prospers all is 'Welirr led her, with a friend, to seek sunshine on never reached a higher stage than simple and Mrs. JParkercame forward and stated Ihe.. Xile .The resuoC4,his.iirovise4 -: that, the lateness of the hour prevented her journey was a charming book the standard Professor Putnam, of HarTard, and Curaas announcement. She said, speaking handbook of travelers in Egypt years of tor of the Peabody Institute, does not agree per ' 'We women have been accused of putting devotion to Egyptology, and a position with this theory. lie has up his life our brains into our clothes, but now we are unique in the history of eminent women." to this study and is one of given the best living also putting our religion into our clothes.' ' ExThe foundation of the Egyptian authorities upon this lie thinks The choir sang: "By Babylon's Wave," ploration Fund in 1883 was largely due to there was a prehistoric subject. race who were not and the meeting closed with benediction by her efforts, and she had long been its Hon. the American Indians. Ivlder RH Roberts.- -In studying the' remains in Central Secretary, in which capacity she carried1 on a wide correspondence at home and abroad. America we find a race who had gotten She contributed articles on Egyptology to beyond mere household architecture, and AMEUA B. EDWARDS. the Encyclopaedia Briianmcay and w?rote an were rising to the sphere of art. That Although by birth and education a Lon- account of recent archaeological discoveries-i-n statues such as are found were produced by doner, much of Amelia B. Edward's early Egypt for the American edition. Her a race not differing iu descent or essential life was spent in Suffolk, and she ever relast work "Pharaohs, Fellah's, and Ex- habits from the northern Iroquoisor other tained the fondest recollection of summer plorers" appeared towards the end of last Indian tribes, seems simply ifaedible. a contributing Higginson says in his histoty of the United holidays spent amid meadows and cornfields. year. Miss Edwards The quiet, pastoral scenery of that part of member of various Oriental Congresses, and States: "In Central America we find the England had peculiar fascinations for her, a member of the Biblical Archaeological remains of a race which had begun to busy nf long after she had become familiar with the Society and of the Society for the Promotion itself with the verv highest In the delineation of the Human figure: Columbia celebration of Europe. centenary College,,, ami which had attained to grace and vigor, 1 - . . 1 1 .-- i:l - r:----- nicure-makingv--;vv:.;-' . -- . - . '. w-a- s . dprs-irtmpti- f 