'WOMAN'S EXPONENT. coveries made doubtless in many directions, and by and bye th'se who live for it will a tain to a higher standard of perfection physically, morally, meptally and spiritually, and it is something to be hoped for. - As rlamlet said: "There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in our philosophy. 37 Society in the county are urgently requested to come, that there may be a fair representation of the work with its growth, development and pro- August 13, 1892, Counselor B. W. Smith presiding: singing, "Come O, thou king of kings," prayer by Sister E. Webb, continued by singing, gress tenraUyjmdj - "Our God we raise to thee." Sister Smith spoke a The Secretaries of the several Stakes of Zion short time and was followed by Sister S.M.Kimball and improvement both here and abroad are specially, requested to who spoke upon and to all seek for intelligence. Sister E. urged send reports immediately, properly Stevensen spoke' upon sacrifices and missionary "prepared upon the.printed blanks,to Mrs. Romania labors and other CHAUTAUQUA ASSEMBLY. matters. important B. Pratt, M. D., Assistant Secretary, 206, North, M brtnk-- M rD.y-w- a nvited Tosp eak -- Th e econtfnVesfTSaTnr may have a she alluded to the opinions of the outside world national affair so to speak. In nearly every state correct and full report of the status and work of this concerning people, but she had proved them and territory a circle or club has been organized the Relief Society ready for the; October to be honest and upright; stated that she desired and is in working oYdef, and yet many people do. to overcome her pride and accept the truth, and not understand its object or scope. It seems to asked an interest in the faith and prayers of the the writer that it is one of the most generally sisters. educational institutions of the clay. We give be LADIES' MEETINGS. Sisters C. C. R. Wells, Corbctt and others bore low some brief minutes of ah Assembly held at Tjie Ladies' meeting in the 14th testimony and Sister B, W. Smith closed with the head quarters in Chautauqua, N. Y.; taken some'rerharks about the love we should cultivate Ward Assembly Rooms, July 16, 1892, was an infrom The Mail 'and Express of New York City, for each other. Singing, Doxology, benediction which may give some idea of the definite woik of teresting occasion.' Counselor Elizabeth Webb S. M. Kimball. this institution, and since we know there is a presided. Meeting opened witJ.sging.A'Lord A RGA R we comeje IArMlSEzSsCrnemZZ: ci rele or assembl YJierjyiiyi E. S. Taylor, continued by singing, interest to become more familiar with its plans "by"STIter "Welcome best of all good meetings'' &c. Sister and. methods. The communication is dated STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING. Webb made some remarks suitable the to general August 12th: occasion, and requested the sisters to speak and Minutes of the Stockholders' ; Dr. Doremus gave his last scientific , lecture bear testimony. Sister M. Y. Dougal spoke of of C Order W. & M. the M. "The the subject being" Wednesday night, Institution, held the necessity of diligence and faithfulness and of meeting ' was in on chart A This Planet." of Life the 14th Ward Assembly large the judgments to be poured out in the last days August 13th, 1892, ' of strata Rooms. the the suspended above stage, showing and that they would commence in Zion. v Alluded the earth. The lecturer gave a left of experiments Meeting was called to order by Vice President to the temptations aroujnd the pathway of the M. Y. Dougal, President M. I. Home being on the chemistry of the air. young people at the present time. "The Public School" was the topic of Emily Sister Julia C. Howe followed and spoke of the absent from the city. Prayer w as offered by C. es-- of the previous or Huntington Miller's paper before the Girls' Club God manifest in the meetingrand of"then of spirit -yesterdaypmd itwasanable discussion of . the higher duties and responsibilities of this people. annual meeting wereread and accepted. 'The foes of. our school system- - and - the relation of report of the financial condition of Sister Mary Silver spoke encouragingly to the in parent and teacher the care of the child. Scandinavian sisteis and of their integrity to the the business was then rendered by the Secretary. in a lecture on India, The following names were presented as nomiBishop J. M. Hoburn, Gospel, also referred to the evils of the present nees for members of the Board of Directors, that gave the results of thirty years' observation as a day and the calamities coming upon the earth. in that land. He laid especial em missionary The sisters joined in singings 4There's a feast quorum never haying been full: Mrs. Lula Greene Richards, Mrs. Minnie James amiMrsSaral phasis upon the woeful relaxation in the caste of fat things" etc. 3Jwvirrtivo5CT E. II. system, which is fast pajsjnjawiiytiie KoysrCDngress held its hnai session Sister E. S. Taylor sooke a short time unon thp Woodmansee as Treasurer, and Gladys Wood- rhA "ansee as Secretaiy,Jhey having previously been yesterday, and the exercises were attended by a duties of the Saints and the individual woik "one had' to do, urged the sisters to greater faith appointed to those positions by the Board of Jgeriumbefore the speeches congress recommending re fulness. Sisters Snow, Smith and Forseith each Directors. The vote was called for and Droved forms in their department, and the congress dis unanimous in favor of sustaining these ladies as one bore testimony to the truth. members of the Board, and as Treasurer and cussed a bill for the establishment of a civil Sister H. C. Young spoke of a prophecy in re academy and to make Anarchists cease seditious gard to the Scandinavians and advised them to Secretary. ent utterances or leaver the country; MJf. Dougal then spoke favorteach their children their own language. . Wednesday was Denominational day, and Sister Mary E. Bassett, Sister Margaret State ably of the enterprise and dwelt upon the many twelve churches held meetings in the afternoon at and others each bore to be derived from such an institution. testimony and at the close advantages " various e points on the groundrThe-usual-BiblSister Webb expressed 5er good and londfy leel-in- g She urged the sisters to patronize the store, and conference was held at 2 o'clock, under the direcand that the good spirit had been with us: to agitate the matter, thus advertising it among Hiiriburt. tion of Dr. Jesse L. their friends. Was pleased with the report which The C. L. S. C. spoke of the work to be accomplished for the re. shows class of '91 held a social meeting at 5 o'clock in that we are not dead yet, but we must demption of the dead. Adjourned with singing. have more patronage and a larger capital to work the afternoon. A musical tea was given by the and prayer, by Sister E. S Taylor. with if we would make a success of this underin Girls' Club the college building. Nearly three On July 30, at the Ladies' hundred members of the club and their guests meet taking. the Mrs. E. H. Woodmansee then said that in bei? M. I. Home, presided. were present. ing, President, half of herself and daughter she would say that it 'The ten classes, from '86 to 96, which, are rep-- , Opened by singing " Where the voice of friend was in deference to the wish es Tl!ie resented in the new HniQU Class by.Udmg.met Ja, ship's heard," - prayer by Sister H. CrYoung i rrl nf the Hall of Philosophy and marched to their new singing fO, happy souls who pray." Minutes of Directors that they had again accepted these positions, as; Mrs. Minnie James and Mrs. Carrie previous meeting read and approved. President quarters and took formal possession. The building is of wood, three stories in height, and cost Home made an interesting speech upon the Thomas; being occupied with domestic affairs, their fulfillment; oke-feeimgly were not ablerto"devote their time to the Institui prophecies-an- d IO,OOC- vThe Chautauqua Political Economy Club, of the labor troubles and strikes throughout the tion. Spoke of the benefit of being able to ap. under the direction of Prof. Richard T. Ely, held land and thought we should all watch and pray prentice our daughters under a good influence, its first regular meeting Wednesday and diswithout ceasing. Sister H. M, Whitney dwelt and said if we will be patient some one, in the not cussed the question, "Has Political Economy an upon spiritual things, and of her sorrow at the distant futurewill have the pleasure of declaring condition of the world, desired to see the Temple a dividend,; Mrs. M.4V. Wilcox spoke Ethical Basis?" Miss Slocum was the leader, . encourag- - ' Presi de.nt'.J. G- - Schurman, of -, Cornell : Unicompleted, and- alluded to her- - anxiety for the ingly of our condition, and urged the necessity of ' versity', delivered a lecture in the Hall of young. selling more stock;, mentioned the pleasant inPresident Zina D. H. Young spoke upon charity fluence which had always existed in our Institu- - . Philosophy, at 5 o'clock on the topic, "Free Will and the healing of the sick, also concerning testiversus' Automatism." tion. Mrs. C. C. R. Wells said that lhe Institution is as safe as the bank so far as we have' mony and many other things. gone, Sister Parry of Cassia Stake bore a good testibut our hands are tied for the want of more capiEDITORIAL NOTES. mony also Sister Cook, Sister Silver, Sister B. tal; urged the sisters to take more stcck and susT of Conference the Relief Tije Quarterly Society W. Smith, Sister. Brown, Sister Phelps, Sister tain this Institution, as it will be for our benefit of this Stake of Zion will be held in the Salt Lake Stevenson and Sister Howard. President Home in many ways. in 011 Hall this c Assembly City Friday, September. wi thfspm einterestine: rem arks p. sisters sang "Our God we raise to Thee:" bene Saturday nearest the 15th of February. m. as usual. Officers from all the branches of the diction fey Sister E. S. Taylor. ..s:nT;e; t'5 lW? vi. i de-..vou- tly on semi-annu- al rs-A- si sh Ghauuqua-Asscmblyha?grGwnro- aT SEMI-MONTHL- Y ; semi-month- ly semi-annu- al semi-annu- al :ie:iC3 - Vice-Presid- semi-month- ly -Sp- - . flL3W-- W'HVii1 - ig4iiaCT 