WOMAN'S EXPONENT. persisted in paying his addresses to me, and not supposing him to be guilty of flattery or deception, I accepted his company sometimes in a while. One night, when passing a lonely spot, he made a proposal to me that I knew was very wrong. And I felt ' and even- surprised and ashamed that I did not answer; whereupon he proceeded to violence and a severe struggle ensued. I resisted with all . my might, and pleaded with the man, begging . him in mercy to desist, but in vain. Then as I felt my strength .failing me, I prayed to God; When in the vision of my mind the star opened and a young man approached, coining to my help.. Suddenly I exclaimed, "Look! look! who's that? whereupon the man, supposing some one was indeed coming, ran away in fear. I kneeled down, and with a girlish heart gave thanks to God; then walked hoine alone in safety ; My mina now oecame nnea witn many indignant, so - -- ndserioTis4hought57 was tliat so many modest and guileless young women, were seduced and ruined, what a narrow escape I had had, and how the heavens had been opened as it were to my . . the honse, and as I met, him ..at the door, I said to him, 'T wanted you to come, for I fancied you were hungry, and I have food that I can give you." Thank-yo- u young woman, said the man, but I must first do the will of Him that: sent me. I perceive, said he, that you are one of the daughters of Israel; and to such am I sent, even to the lost sheep of the house of Israel, to tell them the wav- of ransom, as she called it, might have paid, her passage over, But truly do I now know, what it is,. to forsake my dearest relative for the of the kingdom of . " . - . "salvation. While he was talking to me the vision of my mind seemed lit up bv the " lie-liof eternity, andjigain the star, opened, and I- regaraeci tlie poor wayfaring man as a messenger from heaven, The more I heard, the more I believed, andthe more I longed to obey, and inherit the blessing of ' the glorious gospel. . In short, I believed all he told me, cast in my lot with the persecuted people of God. ItelievjngiiLApQ the goiphT of salvation by faithrepentance, and baptism for the remission of sins, and the gift of the holy ghost by the laying on of hands. And I began more than, ever to delight in honesty, and every thing integrity, truth of good report; and I labored and prayed continually, that I might, keep the commandments, and be saved in the kingdom t God. This parting with niy mother was the most painful part of my life. My brother Thomas had left the country and 'had not "since been heard of. John had married, and settled in a distant country'. And here was I, leaving my poor aged mother,; alone and almost helpless inr the World. And how could 1 resist th conviction that I ought to stay with her, as long as she lived, ami comfort hen And yet, over aiuUabove all this, there was the great command of Jehovah, 'Come out of her O my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, ;and that ye receive not of her plagues." Up to this time I, had had no .association with any congregation of saints. And now -7 ; . 4 Isoir -- my- self useful. But I was beginning to take at the conduct of some, when I heard a kind voice near me saying, "Are you perfect sister?" - And turning I raw-- but much improved in appearance;the , in a iT resoivea mat lT wTouid sooner neip. poor wayfaring man that three years before die, than I would yield to any inhuman I had seen sitting upon the stile, and whom to. monster, that gratify his lust at sought I had relieved with a morsel of bread, and the expense of woman's virtue. And that from whom I had received in retilrn the too olten they will do, under the strongest ot God. v , words of eternal life; and now he taught of the love. now I had new motives for exertion, and me to understand myself, .and, my relationFor this base purest pretension man had been very civil and. obliging to patient toil; for. I had heard of a better ship to those around me, that I must not 'me; arid had professed to love me with all land, even the land of Zion. And every look for perfection here but j said he, "these his heart, yet upon the slightest danger to thing, even the star of my destiny seemed are the poor and despised, and in some cases himself, he ran away and left me, and that directing me to it. the most unlearned and down trodden of So I continued in my place three "years poor fallen humanity; and these, said he, in a lonely place, on a dark night. I now became more than ever reconciled after this, during which time I had more let us be willing to hope are all trying to to my lot as a servant, paid more attention than one offer of marriage, but upon neither become saints of God in very deed." than ever to my duties, and had less desire of these did the, star openrand :I- - refused the; daily --exerrisebr faith in Him, rBy than ever to be gadding about. By the end of that time I had saved who holds the winds in His fiat (as it were) About this time my thoughts were often money enougn, anai proceeaea on my way and the waves in the hollow of his hand, we stirred within me, concerning: the way of to the land of Zion, under the. good star of got over the sea in safety; and traversed salvation. ' Sabbath after Sabbath, did I my destnry, and kind heaven s approval. our great overland journey of nearly two attend Church. Joinein tlifbrmaLprayexs Jiave .nQtimenor-inclinatio- n thousand"niiles of "ttaTitr IriaTmce it'To" TeTnTlEe minister preach, but my mind here all the taunts and persecution I had to say we had trials by sea and by land; but was neither enlightened nor comforted. So endure on account of my faith in, and we had gained art experience that was betI prayed in all humility arid earnestness to obedience to the gospel. Suffice it to say,' ter to us than gold. the Lord, the Almighty God, to guide me the star of my destiny was over me, and I When we had reached that part of the into His knowledge. had full faith and confidence in Him who way where we obtained the first view of our One night I had the following dream, rules the stars. mountain home,, the joy of our hearts was land of what should I dream but the star. Soon after I joined the Church I wrote" a" beyond compare. Again was the vision of I dreamed that I was borne away in space, long and loving letter to my mother, but my mind lifted up as before, and I' indulged how, and by whom, I could not tell; but she supposing herself to be a good Chris- - in the fancy,' that the star opened and again I soared to my favorite star, and as I tian,it seemed natural to suppose that I must I saw a young man coming toward me, but been have to wrote and she the ineffable time the star this that' part of the sight was more deluded, approached glory, the effect she must that me as renounce a and I a its than entered hallowed opened, passing vision, it was a reality and portals. There-- I was met faith. renounced I unless so to pass away, it was the poor waysoon my by the same young man daughter, that I had seen in my vision before; and This letter from my mother whom I faring man that I had once relieved with a " 7 he pointed out to me the beauties, and Joyed ,so ..'much,, gave me great affliction. morsel of bread. glories of the place; and the exceedingly For surely the spirit of the Lord did not There we were, comparative strangers to course. such a wrote dictate I pleasing appearance and happy condition of again loving leach other r in a strange land; among the people. He told me that if I would as before, and if I felt one bitter thought I strangers, and yet not among strangers but be true to the to did wrote she not but never express it, brethren. And f this we felt in bur hearts" light of the star of truth, and follow the divine guidance for which I me after until she heard I was leaving the and souls to be indeed the case: ; But here a tr''-- ; had been praying, that; I should one day country. ;'''''-:' we stqqd at the altar of God, plighting5 our come there aeain. be one of that heavenly L v slaridingon .boardhip-jeady-fQi:ows - to each-oth- er of eternal love fand arid share their joy s7 departure, in the midst of a company of fiidelity, without money, or property, but Then he brought me down to earth, and Saints, we had just Jensi rigi i one of the hands nc- l- wilhrrgheartsr point of songs of Zion, when I saw my dear mother to assist each other in forcing from the or danger doubt in your eventful life to stepping on to the deck. The next moment elements of this desert land. the. come you can but behold, in the vision .of I was locked in her embrace. My mother and comforts of life! And your mind, the opening star you may tried hard to persuade .me to return with the saintsin-thebuild- iiig her; and as i fel t the affectionate pressure up ofHhedBngdonroJVGod A i husband one Was of yuc uay, not long therfalter, i saw a of her maternal embrace, and fondly looked the traveling My sitting-oi- l a srilerieaf'the house, and upon her aged and careworn countenance, Elders who had been called, in England, to attention was irresistibly drawn to him, my bosom yearned over her, and my heart- preach the gospel; so that like me, he had I knew not why. He appeared to me like strings seemed ; to cli tig around her more jipt been;ta.Zion before; heard'hirifgwe fine. TjfelTt than "ever But all these strong ties of some account of his labors, and a thrill of Wish to relieve him Afvitnasfpr: rind nature, had to be sundered, tor 1 could not holy joy: ran; through my soul, as I heard mistress were both kind hearted and good to : my mother to accompany me; the Prophet say "well done.!' the poor. ;:: Presently the man She for my brought approached though ..the money 1 ' A 1 1 1 1 . Jesus-Chris- t, and-virtu- : offence e, - -- . -- . 1- - - 1 - I rto-rela- te . ? i -- . .' . . a " I ; " . v; -- ? -- . with-xur-stron- g rxirting-saidrIfiuaWtufriir- ie: co-worki- ng . T vho:wriidnryiid , 