nn The Rights Vol. ofJhe IP omen 20. BALTLAKE CITY, UTAIIr JUNK-15CONTENTS. A Day In Heidelberg-A.- V. -- About Voting Annie C. Hindley. "Will Ye Go Avvay?"-M- ary y. Corby. Woman's National Council-Rac- hel Foster Avery. Compensation. Gleanings. Obituaries. Editorial: This, .That," And The Other. i nejyien would this little page might bear thee- All the beauty spring bestows, Where the niOEsy recks are shaded- ' tl Be thy guide along I was . Until then, I will bear with me Thoughts of what tny lips would say, And with poet's own delusion - maive '. the way. hen thy hands and eyes are weary And thou turnest to' thy sleep,' Let one thought for gift and giver . Place' amid thy dreaming keep. to you I send from the Greeting canyon's shade, Gathered where the branches bend And streams with light o'erhid; Where the birds in sweetest chorus Sing their message with my heart, And the flowers baeathe their kisses In sweet odors for their part. .' ! : A DAY IN HEIDELBERG. In all things, music, art, fiction, tragedy, .poUry, history, and religion, there ' climax. - . L-T- was- Close thine eyes, beloved and wander In thy fancy where once grew Leafy arch, and flow'ry meadow, for your Bending.- - blooming",-al- l When your heart knew nothing graver Than sweet childhood's duties small, And thy world's, thy life's fair ranges Were within thy mother's call. Questions great thou hadst not pondered. Trials had not met thee then, -- Yet thy life was fair as morning "' As though ills had never been, v Now,' o'er all the time and distance And Jts iecord.jJiQ As in childhood, for God's angels . with thee all the while. -H- ave-been iwhere-Jprnebeiovedone- a - Leafy branches proffer shelter From the wind, and from the sun, your Jboisteps And; the green sward-callWhere the brightest wafers run; s -- V ; . -- -Though thy bloom of youth hath faded,In their stead thy soul hath raised Graces that will live forever And in memory be praised. snteml 1 -many . Could I bring you to their presence, Surely; Nature might surpass All the feeble skill of science And your lips would smtle at last, ; For the moment ail forgetting Present pains and tender fears You would live with eyes and senses TJhat belonged to childhood's years. my off ring small and lowly, And perhaps thy soul may hear A&tke That are gathered 'round us here. grand, the-gre- 'm'61intalnV-lsehse.oi'"rhight,'- Take- - is a This acme is advanced and re cede ways7"bywaysand channels, all pointing tothe ,one crand ; center, with their; trills and "yMationinKeir mellow tints, lights and shades; their descriptive and romantic scenes; their intrigues and - ambitior; jtheir metaphors a'nd gentle rhyming; flEeTr borrows, trials, labor jincl thek gallanlrj; their prayers, faith and convictions. How beautiful is the fact that one attains this acme by gentle and fascinating approaches, then it charms. How sad if the grandest height came suddenly upon one, it could only terriiy. The. sublime symphony that pervades an oratirio through - i ts in trod u ction,recitati res,ai rs,"solos, ch or uses, thrills and enchants the soul until one is pre pared to appreciate and delighLin tlie grand finale. "Just sg by gentleapproaehes and. by- ways the writer decided to appreciate and en- the quaint and historical-cit- y and castle of a warm, pleasant, day in Heidelberg. March as we left Karlsruhe, the beautiful capital of Baden, and traversed the prettyL country snauea oy ine nuis ana mouniam3 ot "Ju wJg" massive wan nung witn ivy on the v the Black Forest. The fields were green, the other. Keaching the castle grounds a winding orchards were assuming their Spring time path leads to the entrance facing the town garb of leaves and sweet blossoms, women and where from the terraced grounds one can view children were working in ' the vineyards the entire city with the majestic heights surstraightening and uncovering the vines. The rounding it, arid beyond, the vast plain watered fide was enchanting, parsing now and then a by the Rhine. Reaching the castle the elegan t -pretty village with its white church steeple palace of Frederic IV. confronts one. It retowering above the Houses and 'pointing to the sembles in design work of the Renaissance, heavens as a signal or hope, and past the silent though it wajT built in the sixteenth centurv. Betweenjachof the Lgreen grave, yards, each of which contains a statue; this is 1 niches are sleeping tor ever more, even past the grave thebest presrved louter part of the whole of FredrikaBriolJ7GoetheVear castle and ' was the finest and most elaborate, "many ruins and castles each with. J.ti own skirted and thfrinterior waa nished in: the same style," peculiar legend, along but now the walls are all barren of ornament, by the Black Forest and the - great mountain Feldberg looming like a monarch above them only occasional fragments of sculpture to be all. Approaching Heidelberg along the historic seen. Wandering through low arched halls Neckar viewing castles ruined and restored," stopping occasionally tc) look through the one is almost prepared for the solemn and windows into the gardens and. oyer the city -by- In their haste and in their calm, 'mi Fresh as life and bright with sunbeams, . Send to you their healing balm; All the silence,rlike sweet prayers And flie W ith the strength of pine and cedars, A1J, their spell of health unite. pile, barren of all ornament save the ivy vines and slender ferns 'that cling tenderly us uarh. ana somnre walls. A monument on the hillside commemorating agts of darin" deeds, of chivalry, of romance nnrl nf nh nlnr Xiie CltV Streets Jirfl imrrna!. and " ""'I MUWM'U, liiU buildings tall and old and dark,and go shading the streets that it is a positive relief to euter the principal promenade, the Anlagc where the walks and drives are broader, and there arnong the border shrubs and trees are pretty rustic teats where one can watch, the fashionable ladies, the children with their nurses,-th- e pretty girls with their staid chaperoncs, and the gaily attired students strolling, bicycle riding. One almost shudders at the sight of the Fcarred faces of the students and Amde hoi fco diendful "a practice as' 'dueling can be so popular among intelligent men, and yet the students were none of th-very young ami of course must be learned to belong to university Kuperlo CarolaW Heidelberg, iiP.9wn.a3'Afee Cradle of Science. of Germany, 1 and the third oldest in the empire. The city assumed a quiet aspect as night came on and the great stone pile on the hillside seemed jnorej sombreand. gio rnylhaiL ever, and yet in the days oi its glory, when the borne of kings and queens.liow loyely it must haverappeared t"nighrwith, its brilliant lights shining through the hundreds, of wind(nvs. then -- asra sentinel -- guarding the city. Tis now but a monument of the past. In the early morning as the sun just kissed the tuoun-jo- y tain peaks, and the birds their matins sung, we were leisurely walking up the long, narrow path by the odter wall,- - a path densely 1 Augusta Joyck Crocheron. Bountiful, May, i S92. farly evening and the sun's last rava were anting the rounded towers with a golden glow. All else lay in the shade, a gloomy W AN INVALID FRIEND. of grandest all the cattle the climax of the bight is day reached and for momenta. I stood brcath-ltletoapart In these rambles.eartjijhec, And thy steps with mine discover All there is to hear and see. WILD FLOWERS TO SARAH, - ' By wild cherry blooms and roie; Would I might divida my freedom to Sarah-Aug- usta Joyce Crocheron. In Memoriam Emily Browne Powell. Spring M. A. Y. Greenhalgh. If Mother Would Listen Margaret E. Sangster. " : . PoETRY;-WiId-Flo- wers, Heart's beloved d ' - .' Editorial Notes. Interesting Letter Florence Balgarnie. An Interesting Journey. No. 21. sophers' way; howmany great minds have conned their lessons, and composed their life's work while treading that : beautiful path. At" length when the handsome-olbridge con- structtd more than a century ago by Charles iheodoro is reached, then we turn our faces to the right ahd behold the ' en T 1692; , Creeping vinos and berry branches Send you word of what they'll boar, And the flowers would smile to wither Jn your Jumis iseiiitrinirrfatr; C. In Rural Eng. land- -A Story. Courtesy M. A. Y. Greenhalgh Anniversary at Pleasant Green- - Something and-Wom- of Zion, and the Rights of. the Women of all Nations . . miles-pfeount- ry crooked city guarded by the grandest ruin in with the advance 01 day we reached the the "German empire;' but first gaze on the' castle court yard where broken statues "and gently sloping hills on the opposite ahore silent fountains sadly tell of past beauty. where large trees with their :expandiog Jjough. Thefro shadelhe memoraDie pam Known as me pnno- - the court u finer than the outer wall and at 