; The:RiS''lS the Women Vol. 21. SALT LAKH CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 15, CONTENTS: The Christmas of the PioneersAugusta Joyce Crocheron. Angelina A Story VV: Crouch-U- . W. P. Club Gladys Woodman'see. .AJPleas. ant Evening. One of a String of Pearls-Sele- cted. - iar-tame- : r - - w - j. " No. 12. 1892. forth withpurer brilliancy" and far more benefit, than your most famed poltical orators; and you have had, if not, 'tlie shadow of day" "the pillar of fire by. night," by the shore of that wonderful Lake, that the great and the noble come to view. Where once, barefooted boys (they are Nature's noblemen now,) herded their Sl ra V i tl H COWSa ledefff-- f er-- i Hmr-ir- ! ttt;- ner m the springs that Geonre A. said were the "only half a mile thr-imagnates of the land hold th , fencu; .w-. feeble invalid and the wonder seeker come, in carriages or cars, to drink and bathe in its healing: waters, and bestow their . nd-km from-some-wher- e" r l f , mm -- - - eulofritims nrmn iti virttmc VAVUl VlVii iVJ vuiirriifc. lO O and Utah; and they call it Beck's Hot Springs. 7 Why! every, pioneer's son knew its merits long ago. Your "cattle are upon a thousand hills," your sheep and. lambs spread like fields of snow and your herds of untamed horses sweep . like ; clouds across 'A life on the desert plains, ,. r A home on the mountain's breast, 'the plains, until Utah is not large enough; Where the Indian rudely reigns your names and possessions reach into States Ard the sa has gone to ret." ; and Territories the wilds of Mexico and the Why should those songs which: were a borders of Canada, while still others bear- be suffered" to fade the story of the Gospel' s plan to nearly part of their-histo-ry; away in the past? I hey. expressed the every nation upon earth. Once the low emotions, experiences and hopes of that ly and misunderstood Mormons, now, it is time and clieered the Pilgrims, and should an honor to be born in Zion. now. to hail oe preserved from Utah is a passport Now, the voices Are those pioneers remembered and re of your sons and daughters are heard in the garded as heroes and heroines? Actuated counsels of Committees of the outside and moved jmpelledthem,- - world. Your artists, sculptors, professors and is if less grand than the story of the Puritan fathers and mothers; that is nowT a heritage authors are acknowledged, your vocalists in every runtan nousenoiar is not mat and musicians, :;your choirs and choral spirit of pride already lighted to glow societies are famed among the professors of around the names and memory of the our country. The sons of pioneers who entered this O, wondrous work of a few pioneers? few-thnot all of those valley in covered wagons pftimes torn and fleetiner vearsy-s- o veterans are passed away. soiled) and in some cases drawn by a com- Not many of them saw with prophetic posite team of oxen and cows, with W0171 eyes the miracle to be wrought by prayers, out and repaired harness such as was never faith and. works; the miracle already seen before and will never be seen again; wrought and which those eyes not all yet now ride in luxurious carriages behind dimmed, behold. O, ye Pioneers! What thoroughbred horses in glittering harness; have ye brought to light? Where once or speed along the old six months trail in d carriages in which some of them" ypur wagons camped .in.. the arid dust:- and- brush, a city's streets are paved; where are share holders. And this soil of which once vour camp fire burned, electric lights it was predicted, that it would not raise now glowr,and your cabins have given place corn, nowr yields the fruits of the North and 7 ; -- , WW. A I V A A V 41 AA . . ' . : . -- -- byhjiritthat ; . , at e. o - industry - and mmerce. schools are changed Your camp-fir- e to Academies and Colleges, your looms to -co- -- factories - rail-roa- and sends "her potatoes east, her wheat to England, and her dried fruits back to the States and Territories, of the Union. And yet, when you reached here, destitute though you were, and the the- - Semi-Tropics- ," Into the sleenimr Utah land came the prince of light and broke the sleep of ages. .jricketsjtet " turned to bricks, to gold; your eyes have traced and your hands brought forth to use fulness the foundations of coal and iron beneath the 'everlasting hills;" the granite j T HE CHRISTMAS OF THH PIONIIHRS and marbles have changed their cumbrous shapes to adorn your habitations and the resting places of your honored dead; the mountain streams have washed to view .HRiSTlTiscdming! Happiness and luxury are in the woods. hanDiness and comfort, 'for a brief season even for the the inland sea and the caldrons or neat below, the great Alcliemist m tne suoter ranean laboratories of nature, has moulded For run Exponent: Nation;. Yeilsare-burstin- g d , To make old Christmas merry, With pleasant jokes and guileless fun, It should be joyous, very. Bright hopes, and little cause for fear, With blessings crown the' closing year. Since first this old yearto us came" Take now a retrospection; What have we earned of praise or blame, Of favor or correction? I said ' have we," I'll say have I: ' My.neighbor's case I need not try. "But on my own, of right I sit, 'As Jury, Judge and Marshal; And though I find grave flaws in it,. I still must be impartial; And state, the evidence I find, Shows faults, but motives not unkind. And herein common phrase,) Pif start To weeding my own garden," By asking, from my inmost heart, My friends' and neighbors' pardon, WhefeihTve bflered anyUiing, That could distrust or censure bring.. And humbly, too, I wish to say, To all who may have striven, For you, as for myself I pray, That all may be forgiven; And meetrom disputations free, The grand year, Eighteen ninety-threAgain, unto myself I'll speak-Tconcentrate my labors, I'll earnestly and kindly seek To bless my poorer neighbors; Religion undefiled and pure, Means, visit and relieve the poor: And from the world, its sins and strife, To keep myself unspotted; If this I do, I'll lead the life To faithful saints alIoUed7 God grant, that through the coming year, - My page may truly thus appear. And give Thy people grace and pow'r; ' To make full preparation, 7 For that sublimerand-augus- t hour Thy Temple's Dedication; -With all that's said, and all that's done, !n this, ohHay Thy" Saints be oiie! ;r Dec. 1892, L. L; Gueene Richards. I of : - gold, f wrapped in the rough covering of earth. In the desert wastes your artesian , PREPARATION. So much is said, so much is done, With these words com es a fet Christmas ever held in this and that by Jhe Mormon Pinned rei iiapTInehrst place in all Christendom, uiul uu.jirst uinstmas has been celebrated mem, me Mormon npnnp nt tu r f city then an oasis in the vast wilderness of sage brush, watered bv its unce crystal canyon stream then unnamed. nut, in tneir .wagons, tents and hastily con- siructea cabins, a merry,. a.thankfuLeiirist mdb. Torrriiiere were no enemies: no persecutions, all was hope and faith in the them. Have thev forgotten? promise given r II ave they ceased to repeat the legend of those days to the children and grandchildren wnu nae grown up a populous multitude around them?. On can VTiiiririi tbp VAAliVAi VrU " realize the scenes that in future years shall oe as a romance to historians? Do Pioneers sing to the little ones the" songs mat oeionged to their time? I remember hearing one once, and the refrain was this: -- Columbus. Editorial: A Historic House. World's Fair ancl Silk Industry, A Happy Event. Christmas Time. Editorial Notes. Poetry: Preparation L. L. Greene Richards. Communings L. M. H. Remembered S. R. E. .Fo C- - j poor. thdr grainlo the-ve-ins i oisilver-and-cppry4e- ad "' ai sickness visited you and clothing worn to tatter?, you were as one said: "a thousand miles from anywhere," and you turned your thoughts to God,your- - hands to labor and waited for the blessing. But the world you had left followed you; when they reached here travel worn over the roads you had made in ; the trackless wilderness, vou warmed and till.013,. Still- - the-- tide ofemimtmnrlbl lowed your lonely trail, until many nations have yielded their representatives. Still they come, but now to wonder, admire and - respect And xne by"i3ner aiidusT ' 