;VOMAN'8 EXPONENT, faces of" those around that it was over. A moment gazing on the bed and both turned to go, the Dr. came forward and said, come in he is quiet now, no more raying, no more pain he has gone into the great unknown, he lead Lady Anna almost stunned as she. was and her cousin walked by her side' with the same stately bearing as ever. No more was said, the attendants were preparing to close the doors Miss Conway took her cousin by the arm and whispered "let us go," and. toether they left the chamber of death. ,7 The orphaned girl did not realize ' her position, she was . . it had scarcely known her father, and could not" be expected to grieve now; it -- was however a peculiar experience for them both, and Jane went over in her mind: the list of relatives who must be notified and what would be. expectecTof her; "she needed sleep and rest, and while she waited her thoughts flew, far old down house and she wondered tumbling were to return or was there to what be their they away-wnerear-oid-iSnt- rte fate? - We; will not dwell upon the harrowing details of- - tha time that hung so heavily on the hands of Lady Anna and Miss Conway; but Maitland Walton found them not knowing what had happened and his presence consoled Anna in her days 'of mourning; Jane began to feel that she tad been too mistrustful now that she knew- - him better; and it was a relief to her that he could amuse and - entertain' her cousin, while she was engaged upon more important matters. Sir -- Edward's solicitor had come over and though the will wa3 not yet made public, she had-beemade aware t)f some of it3 contents, and had been asured she was not left penniless. The Dr. almost wished she had been, then he might have hoped she would one day sit beside his hearthstone; and "make the sunlight of his dreary house. But he felt he would wait . and see whether independent as she seemed, she would not yet need him.-- After Sir Edward . had been laid in the tomb at .Ravenna, and .' it - became necessary for Mr. Burke Jhe solicitor and Dr.. Bland to return to England, they were anxious to know if the young ladies wished to go or to remain until the winter wa3 over;- - they talked over the matter and finally decided that it was Burke's place to speak as he had still charge of the Baronet's affairs, and their interests. J. Mr Burke felt some delicacy in approaching the subject, and suggested that Mr. WaltOn pave the way, to which Dr. Bland assented willingly. It proved easy for the young man; and so matters were soon arranged and the journey undertaken, the only drawback being that Maitland must not irapLth;them Miss Conway could not be persuaded to consent to that. The young ladies were in deepmourning dress.thoush there was little mournmg in their hearts, and the journey was performed with outanv notable incident. The coming home however was more embarrasing; the servants were demonstrative and the whole place in . confusion;, all . the establishment seemed to think it their imperative duty to make a display of their bereavement and-tvie with each other in its ' positive expression. i 1 n . ; Sister Wells: -- , r O'er mountain and desert and plain, 7 And the wish that to thee, you sent me, I breathe bacjc For it calls up sweet memories again. - ? ( This delicate spray in the corner so fair How like the sweet flowers of the heart, . , , ': " and Poetry," said grandma, mik ing upon me, as, at the sound of her bell, I entered her room and placed upon her table ; the desert with which she was to . finish ' her dinner. "Sit down a moment," she continued. 1 shall not detain you,' but that last painU ing of Leigh's has made such an impression upon me, I want to" tell you of a drcunytkn If OPE. VIOLETS. Beautiful Violets!, precious and rare, : Emblems ofhope, rinspiration of soul: hat joy ye have brought, now banishing care .laiusxng sunshme asd gladness untold. An angel of mercy sent thee to cheer. To lift up sad hearts this gloomy March morn, While held in despondence, doubting and fear, Worn, weary, wasted, courage near gone. Loving kindness alone inpelled the thought, To convey such beauly fragrance and bloom, Soothing, enchanting tried spirits o'erwrought, r Refreshing, and cheering displacing gloom. Breath of Elysium prevades the air, Fulfillment of promise springtime enfolds ; in loveliness, perfect and fair, Dainty , .With never a taint or touch of earth's mold.Grown out from a bedof .darkness and cold, Resplendent in colors of varied hue, . Sunbeams of summer, ne'er paint richer gold, ' Green, red and white," royal purple and bluer We will hold ever in memory's urn, Giver and gift, stamped in love and enwreathed, Fresh green and pure as the day shall return, Fragrant with perfume, in blossom and leaf. v" ' L. M. H. T : rZ .BcaiaiAEnpsh"'JV!6lets sent to the chambeV of "the" sick on a dreary March morning." By, Mrs. John Sears .. into that picture, represent perfectly, as I remember it, a scene off the shore of the isnstol Channel, which I .witnpa) nnft atternoon, many years ago. 1 here was a beautiful youncr woman who. having heard the Gospel taught by the Elders . - uuurcu oi Jesus vnnst 01 .batter-day- . Saints, had believed, and applied for ' bantim.' One of the Elders baptized her and shd at' once began makincr preparations' to' emipratfl to Utah. .On tho morning of th6 'day which' Leigh's .picture brings so vividly to. my ti - ' " ' - - r T 1879 iuks recollection, I found the ;iyoung! woman in tears and deeply distressed. -- Sympathetic inquiries elicited the following sad facts., "1? our or hve years before,- her love had been ' sought and .won by , a gentleman of wealth and high birth; he betrayed and, deserted her. There was a child, a IovaIv' little girl. The young mother had made up. " and there leave it for him and his relatives to rearand educate, as they were rich while she was poorTThis she looked upon as beint? a : ( . THE SONG OF THE WORLD. terrible sacrificewhich she Clwas :!niaTun1?; for- the Gqapel's sake. So it would hive been in one sense, r The thought of thu? separating herself from her ones and- - only darling was . r .." nreainng ner neart; due tms was not all. The Elders had counseled her not to take the '8ter ; she was contemplating. They advised her to keep her child and take it with her to Zion where it would be taught the war of lifb and salvation, promising her, it should be a blessing and not a trouble to her. But she had determined to do otherwise, and hard;, as it seemed to consummate the plan, she could not be persuaded to relinquish it. "8he therefore went aboard the ship, with her little girl, .to make the short run across the channel, and go to the place, where the father resided "What Was our dismay at seeing the ship, when "just out of reach of help from the land, spin 'round and. 'round, as if in a gigantic whirlpool, and then dive down as if swallowed . up. m a mignty cnasm. liotn mother and child were drowned, with several other . . Love, love, love! Pleads the child heart hungering For its heritage of heaven; For its dower of holy Ie4ven From the - J ;v Gently calling, . '.-$oftly falling, Iove, the song the Angels sing. 1 I ' : : , Love, love, love! Beats the hopeful heart of youth, 77 r Tbril.'ing to that vital current ' I Of divinity inherent; . Fountain-heaof d Truth. From the . ; morrow-tiie . , j Though Sob in sorrow, . .. smooth. Love, may speak the trouble 1 . v . 1 -- I.I - Lpve, Love, love, love! Is the hushed, the smothered cry Of the world; through evil stealing, Through the pam and wrong revealing v Man's redemption drawing nigh, " . "1 hat was to me,a lasting and very sorrowful" "' -- It caused me to consider how dangerous a thing it is for any. of us to act in opposition to the counsel of men who have been Ordained'7 of God to lead His people, or any portion of " them; for their words should be to us such' words as will lead unto life and light; and ' to disregard them, is liable to lead us unto dark 'y lesson. Is to feel God everywhere. -Slip ir- - passengers. it! love, love! Sigh the old in underbreath, 'Tis the smile of the immortal That makes warm the silent portal, And 'tis all the silence hath. While life's gladness , v 1 ,; And its sadnessJiJ: away to darkling death. : r -- -7 Love, love, love! Throbs life's whispered noontide prayer, From the liyes of toil it rises. Through the mother's sacrifices, Through the father's selfless care. Ah! to live it! Thus to give 1 ; . 7 1 ; ; : - OBEDIENCE BETTER THAN' : SACRIFICE. Juztcz, Jan 29, 1892. : ' Your token of friendship has come safe- to me, Carrie Renfrew, The Woman's Tribune, And whispers the day dawn of rst. With love yours, . Dear , Yet still we will sing a "Happy New Year,". ' Tor Hope springs afresh in each breast, So faith all undying dispels every fear, o response; ? I - -- T Naught can still it, ' Naught can kill it, Love of love can never die. ' . . jhinkingjesslof the dead than the rlivingTahe" Which if we would saVe we must garner with care And shield from the tempests cold d.rrt i A 'PPy.ew year'Valj, 'can happiness ' While Zion in fetters is bound, ' While Saf an still reigns on land and on sea, And sorrow is everywhere found? ness and death. : ... :v' -- .;' 'Our young people should be espeeiall v taught in regard t. to.1 thisr matter. It isn't that one memoer ot tne Uhurch 13 better than- another but we should honor the authority which God places upon men and women, and remember always his admonitions concerning . " " ' ! 1 obedience." " ?;..t'''7."v::7:;r--"..-,.- ; L.L.G.R, g . ' 