of development, but one in society, blood. TIih has not yet been fully developed, fso it is but a theory still. In order, to make this theory consistent Mr. Morgan ignored many difficulties arid settled many points in an off hand manner, and often states positively what has been proved was only probable. The annals of the Columbian epoch have been carefully studied, and it is found that . some of the mounds have been constructed in historical times, while early explorers' a nd settlers found many actually used. by. tribes of North American Indians; so we of- - the Indians w ere build--er- s of mounds. The contents of these mounds have teen compared with the works of art of the Indian tribes before they were influenced by Europeans and both were substantially identical. . O '" iirn I Jy- WANTED. - WOK 1 I $r FA 1 R. Questions to be answered in the Count' reports to the 'Annual Convention of the W. S. A. of Utah, to be held in Salt Lake City, October, 1892. I low many women in your County own projerty and pay taxes? (Estimate , if you can, the amount paid.) How many ordained women in your . County? -How many . .. . . . .................... by women? . . How many women in your County gaged in literary work? en- . . How How many authors? . . . . . ; . 'How many many teachers? r. Hov many physicians? lawyers?. 7. . . . ,. and general reform? Report any other enterprises of special terest. to women. - - . ' Tin: Tenth National- Convention of the - Woman's Relief Corps will meet in the city of Washington, I). C., the' third week in 'SepTetnber. leriTbers accom- desiring modations will address Mrs. Janet Richards, Secretary of Committee on Accommodations, 1,527 R. I. Avenue, N.. W., Washington,' D. C. MksRQYAi, Lkighton, of the Society of Friends, sailed recently from New York for Palestine, to fdliiid a"secohd schop for girls ak)Ut one hundred miles from Jerusa: lem, and farther in the interior. On a previous visit she founded a girls' school near Jerusalem. She is threescore years of age ai4eeesfttlinvork.' Ex. Mks. Annik L. Diggs, the lecturer and writer on Woman Suffrage, Temperance, and Fanner's Alliance has written a paper on "Women in the Alliance Movement." She explains the social conditions which made the present movement inevitable, and why women from the first have played such an important part in the She gives agitation of prominent women in the movement, with six illustrations of leading women; including a full paije picture of Mrs. Mary A. Iase, K)pularly called the "Joan of Arc" of the People's ' well-know- . a-viv- id lien-pictu- n re 1 VMfx.: I could never think well of. a man's intellectual or moral character if he was habitually unfaithful to his appointments f'tr nA 1 M. iU. WATSON, June 24th, 1S92, Lydia Marchant, aged eight years, -- Sister Marchant was born in Bath, Somersetshire, England, and became, a convert to the Gospel in 1843, and emigrated to Utah in 1S54, with her husband, the late .Bishop Abraham Marchant, and their large family, where she suffered many hardships in this new country, having to pass through the famine, but without; com- :r, plaint, Harriet Barbara Silck. . MRSrMrHr-VANrM'rD.- - her office, from Constitution to herresideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Building Office hours, 2 to 4 p mHAS REMOVED - . it'll r. The olderraembers of the "Church who lived," and the Elders who traveled in Bath and Birmingham, in the early days of the Church, will remember Sister Marchant with pleasure and kindness, for her home was always open to the Elders and she cheerfully contributed at all times, to the wants of those in distress. " She has been the President of the Peoa Relief Society for many years, in fact almost since it was organized in Peoa, she also has beerr the agent of the Exponent. She has raised a large family of five sons and four daughters in the fear and admonition of the Lord, her whole desire seemed to be to set such an example that her sons and daughters might follow her foot steps and thereby be saved in the kingdom of our Father. She had no desire for the things of this world, but looked forward to the happiness to be gained in the next, by a life Saint. She was the worthy of a Latter-da- y mother of eleven, children, and leaves nine, one hundred and twenty-eight- y to mourn jierjoss. A meeting of the Peoa Relief Society held on Juty 12th, passed the following resolution and ordered a copy to be sent to the Exponent, and a copy to be spread upon the records of the , Society: Inasmuch as it in aeemed wise bv our Heavenly Father to take from us our fieloved sister, Lydia Marchant, be it Resolved, that in her death. we have lost our beloved President and a kind and loving sister; "and be it further , Resolved, that we extend our heart felt "sympathy to her family and friends who are called to mourn her loss. " grand-childre- ' Bean, Booth, D. I. In Peoa, Summit County, Utah, s.eventy- - Marchant: y INFORMATION and be published in the Provo paper her family t f TT DIED. and in Jaidw-that-man- EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 24 n great-grand-childre- Keeps on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUIPOISE WAISTS, ETC. Dress Making in all its branches millinery, latex Ilatw and J&oimets cleaned and Feat'her curled, etc. Mumping dorc o order. But. gfvlps tons covered while you wait. Ilnrlal SultH a Socially. - XT A TP FIHST SOUTH STKI512T, Q Hi. lN U. OO Three doors t of Theatre. W'.-b- R.KTHOMAS 26,28, 30and32 East 1st SouUiSt., SAT.T LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail ' Hoiisr C ash . . THE It r " 4 'Grandex - V; ... v W ESTER N' Standard Gauge ' - Hannah Peoa, Utah, July M. - Marchant, Secretary. 13, 1S92. Bath papers and Milennial Star please copy. RAILWAY! ..THROUGH THE-- . ROCKY MOUNTAINS! Choice of Three Distinct Routes, OBITUARY. ASD THB MOST MAGNIFICENT RAILROAD RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Resolutions" of Respecjt to the memory of Lydia C. Snyder, whadeparte4 tkis- - life March 30, 1S92, aged 70 years, 8 months, and 23, days, at the 4th Provo ward, Provo City, Utah, Whereas it pleased our Heavenly in his alwise mercy to call from this sphere of action Sister Lydia C. Snyder who for many years has been an officer and a member of this association. There-- fore, IX TIII3 WORLD. Two Fast Express - OGDEN, SALT LAKE AND DENVER. ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR OARS! IFx-e- o . pnnTtuT upon our, minutes, a copy presented to Trains Daily EACH 'WAT BETWEEN ' Resolved that in her demise we have lost the valuable association an honest, and successful laborer in our inoble cause of Relief Society work. Resolved, that her example js worthy ot imitation by all good women. Resolved that we oHeTou? sympathy to her be' reaved children with the full assurance however that ours and their loss is, less grievous from the full faith we have in her present happiness and glorious future through her faith and works and the mercies of our Savior. SCENERY of Charge. Direct Connections THE ... D. " made in Union. Depots.. MOST THOEOUGHLY "EQUIPPED RAILWAY - IN THE WEST. : j- a DODGE, Gcnl. 31 .. :k. E. WELBT,V J. H. BENNETT, gr. C. F. T I N W ERS CAS.WATER & STEA M P. A. . FITTERS Agent for KUMSEY'S celebrated UFTand FOBO "tlie coca try promptly responded to. JAk'IS. Bsi 3C6. SALT tAXS CII. . -- 