WOMAN'S EXPONENT! WOMAN'S Exponent EMMRLIMi Ii. WELLS, I'ublihed here alone," or "I am the only one of all; my father's house who has received the Gospel," .these sayings and thcn lhere are many aged and. widows and orphans, and many infirm and afilictedwho , comfort "and sympathy. In a word they need love, the need-kindness- " In Salt "LaVe City, Utah Tenn: ? 'it copy one year, iUr, one copy six months. 50 ct?. No reduction made for clubs- - City papers delivered by mail, extra for one ye;ir, 2" eta. AdverlUng rate: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil pace, one time, Si.oO; ier month. $3.00. A liberal Iiscount advertisers. KxroNKNT otTiae,. No.-- 2 K., .South Temple Street, second ate eat at Dcwret Nc.rs Office. fiusiness hours from 10 .m t o5 every day, except Sunday Address all l miners communications to A N' KX PON ENT. I'll nU,U ' SaI.t La kk' City Utah. KCTnt-raonthl- love that the Gospel teaches, the love spoken of in John, where the Savior saidThis is my commandment that ye love one another." Tn the js.uc r , p-.- world and surrounded with temporal cares one is ,apt to lose sight of the little duties and get swallowed up completely, as it wefe, in whatis "seemtngl yoTeTeTimtrTnce and yet it is not really so, and it is good to be reminded of the It ' Office t Salt Lakr City Iike City, Stilt January i, its-branc- . 1892. ' KIRTLAND. -- 7 g greater-responsibilit- y, - he shiinappearbefore Him.; This season of the year when the weather is cold and wotk is scarce in many places, and countries Jhere is jjreatjneed ofCharity jhat dis-penses gifts to the poor and distressed, but here the people are and have been greatly blest in this respect arid there are few who suffer for want of the necessaries of life; but there are many circumstances" that are sorrowful and distressing even when well supplied with substantial comforts, of these things all are aware and yet many are neglectful in remembering to do little kindnesses, and extending sympathy and love when it might be a stay and solace to the lonely and sorrow i ng a path of roses, and ones, whose lot in life who have not been favored by ties and associations of kindred i.nd fiends upon whom, they can lean for guidance and tenderness at all times. BUssed4nked are those who are thussurrottrided even though the home is Towly for where love abounds and binds together human hearts, tlure is true happiness. " - Among gathered as they are from miny lands and of many families, there are many loneij ones; we otten hear the remark, "I .am u is-n- the-Sai- nts ot ;- - In the early days' of the Church in Kirtland the Latter-da- y Saints were generally very zealous in 'good works, and very united; they were as humble as little children, and loved one' another with that peculiar love that the Gospel always creates, inspires and fosters; and they were jde- sirous o r oein si ilui igiU aixu mi an cqwaiu v 4uic with another, so that no feeling4J of disunion should atise on account of position or circumstance. At that period in the history of this people the organization now known as" the Relief Society f had not been thought of, but the spirit of rninist-erinto those who were in need of either temporal or spiritual help seems to have pervaded the hearts of the Saints who were possessed of means and they gave liberally of their substance. Recently some of these things have been recalled to mind, and the sayings of Bishop Newel K. Whitney and his venerab'e wife, who were amonsr the hrst baptized, into the Church in Kirtland Do the have come vividly to the writer. Latterday Saints in this day need to hermnded mat iney arc.ajjuiiucjrcai uiu , anu iiuuiie is nor-- a respector- - of '"persons, because of wealth or station; but the humble and meek ones t!Vmh nnnr and in Kfr.Titened cirrtims;t.'inrR .irp as near to Him as the rich, and prpular, and the learned, who are wise in the things of the world. for Wealth brings with it women we understand men and are only stewards over these things in this world for the good of humanity, therefore the wise steward remembers vp:.lth- - fn rrnnd usurv. that he msif in nut h f render a good account to the Great Master when -- hes v Utah, as AN INCIDENT OF THE DAYS OF : FI FTYy E71R5T To the officers and members of the Relief tender charities and ministrations of our Savior ;'theN revolving wheels Society in all that we may du the works He did, that we ,may of time remind us that on the of March , grow more like Him. half a 1892, century will have passed since the The incident to which we alluded in the first organization of women in this dispensation, after paragraph of. this editorial, we will give here now the heavenly pattern. The first enrollment of the in the words of Sister Whitney, as she herself reRelief Society members was seventeen and seven lated it and after it was written, she approved it .hot p res ent were receive d as m embers by.reccm and said to the writer, "that is as near as I can -remtmber... At this later time we wish most" menriation Tens of thousands have since been enrolled sincerely that we had taken more, and no doubt and branches are in healthy working conditions had she been minutely questioned, she could have (in various localities) in different nations, and on recalled other facts in this connection.. the Islands of the sea. That which we give here was published in the The good that has been accomplished through Woman's Exponent in No's. 9 and 11. Vol. 7.,. dated Oct. 1, and Nov. 1, 1878, under the title "A Jhe instrumentality of this Society is "'" Leaf From an Autibioaraphy.r KTi-W- rtU h'nfrrrrf at the ieronl C7ii Matter . n, are-commo- Editor. were Bishop Whitney and wife, Sister Eliza R Snow and Brother and Sister Billings and these haye passed away; but no doubt there are others. According to the remembrance of the, writer --"this- Fea s t - wa s - h e I- d- soon -- ft a e- r- th e P ro pti eT josepn ana liisnop wmtney's return from the Eastern Cities and States, whither they went previous to the completion of the Kirtland Temple but the exict date or even the time of the year' we have been unable to find. ' our fiiends and ing acquaintances generously and hospitably, but after we received the Gospel,' we did not feel like using pur means and time in a way that wouloTonly benefit those who had an abundance of this world's means. According to our Savior's pattern and agreeably to the Prophet Joseph's and our own ideas of true charity and disinterested benevolence, we determined to make a 'Feast for the Poor,' such as we knew could not return the same to us; the lame, the halt, the aged, and infirm." , .JjThisFeast Jasted, three dys,, during, which time all in the vicinity of Kirtland who would come were invited, and entertained as courteously - - - . . ; I - r '- " " will in the near future issue a circular of instruc tion. Sarah M. Kimball, Secretary. DECEMBER 23, ; 1S91.. This day is the anniversary of the birth of the Prophet Joseph Smith, who was faithful to the last. The Saints know his earthly history, but I have heard him say we did not know him. Through the inspiration of God he organized the Society on the 17th day of March "i S4'2j"ia" Nauvoo, Hancock Co., 111., of which I had the honor 0 being a member, and a few yet remain to tendr:hqspU Prophet Joseph and his two Counselors being present each day, 'talking, and blessing, and comforting the poor by words of encouragement and their most welcome presence; some are nowliv-Jn- g who were present at that Feast; and many have passed .behind the vail." "The Prophet Joseph often referred to this particular Feast, during his.life-time,antestified, of the. great blessing he. felt in associating with the meek. and humble ones whom the Lord has said "He delights to own and bless." He often said to me that it Was preferable and far superior to the elegant and select parties he afterwards attended and afforded him much more genuine satisfaction :and to me it was a feast of fat things.' never to be indeed, a time of rejoicing ' d ' These words of "Mother Wrhitney" as we love to call her, are simple but expressive and the spirit f them seems even now to testify of her. She has told .the writer many little things that transpired i n those early days that are- - not set down in the books so to speak, and .in fact are not on record anywhere except it be as they are engraven on memory's tablets in the mind of those who participated therein,or have heard them from the lips of the Prophet and those associated with him. Those who were intimately associated and acquainted with Jberojget, are fast pass JnS away, and ere Iongl'thereTwill ' Knew mm personally. Smith which are much appreciated. The 17th day of next March it will be fifty .v years since, and howTshall we best commemorate the day? The Prophet said, "we did not conceive;;: the greatness of the wo; k we were laying the foundation of." The Gospel has blest us in so many ways, and an unselfish love is a lesson we are learning but are not yet perfected in; we wish ; all to mutually participate in the Jubilee of the fiftieth year of the Relief Society. We ' mate means donated, but who can sum up the deeds of kindness and words of love that comfort the sorrowing and afflictedjthat the faithful sisters have bestowed. Every faithful saint should aspire to the honor and privilege of doing good, and as the word Mormon signifies more good, let us con tinue to do more. Some blessings are obtained only , by fasting and prayer, in this way our spirits may be strengthened and health fiven to continue our labors, and as great responsibility rests npon the mothers there is need of union between the parents; bow the knee to God as a. token cf reverence, thank Him for all the blessings of life, set this example in your household, that the children may follow it, and thus claim the blessing of happy homes. The Relief Society is to help us to improve; in every virtue, love, kindness, humility obedience; we go' forth-t- o --ioxjkfter the needy, to strengthen the faith and cheer the spirits of the sisters, but let me exhort you never to neglect the children, our precious gifts. May we be blest withumore wisdom in all things. We can unitedly pray on the 17th of March and re turn thanks to God for raising up a Prophet m our day, to instruct us how to direct oaf lives Jaad be none, who Another generation has come.and many of them gone since the days of Kirtland, and those who are aged now were children at the time when the circumstance transpired which is recorded here. The only ones we remember hearing speak of it can-fisti-"-- . 