r ... .4 ... WOMAN'S EXPONENT . - i should have the children, if she was a mistress, she might have them.' A fine distinction and encouraging to matrimony! The man swore that they were married, and the judge gave - him the children.- Down in Kentucky a poor woman worked three months with her needle to buy a cow in order that she might have the milk to raise her three little children. Her" husband "traded the cow for a gun, filled " whisky, and started on the was woman The' helpjess because in that State .4hewife'd.earniug3belongtho--husband.- These are mere straws, drift upon the current Similar case3 are occurring every week out of the fifty-twyear after year. And yet well- - protected, happily-situatewomenyhaving no less for their fortunate sisters willlean thought calm back in complacency and say, "I have all the rights I want and I am not willing that 'the burdens should be lifted from the shoulders of other women." - Do they know what are the laws recrardn,f Q - ct. await the slow process of half a century? Can aoj one doubt that if women were enfranchised it wouMthat lime until there would be an absolute equality of the laws? It Will ie observed that in considering this question only the equity has been noticed. c 0WT 81UC tue eliect of woman's hnlir.t upon exiucation, temperance, morality, and Kindred matters, has- Kpph pntli,-- , i , -- - -- -- war-path.- , d r ' ,1 JmeftjaiMiPAmatea.li.ere.ire..anly three or four States in the Union whero a mother has the right to her chifd. In the oth rs, either the child belongs absolutely to the father where he has not forfeited. bis right, or where both are proved to be equally capable of taking care of it, the -- law gives i t to the7 father. In New York the father may will his m hildrenway-fro- IieniHt.A f in history. Jesus the Son of God was the friend, companion and champion of "woraen and )K-mtr-k- n- li l J l,v u. - va j-t- 1: VUJilltJU, vniij o ne ly i o pj n .. - .-- . l u resurrection. Why then should woman bo held back from Ballot Box, she-- s t amis-he in every other place." Short butlnteresting speeches were then b. Richards, and Josf 1 ie-by-J- ouc it does not seem V, ;ucau"jecia; be that.there can a difference of sentiment upon the point that, in matters of justice ari -- ane ph-Sta- n- ford, Esq. After singing by the choir the meeting possible journed alL should have the- - same privilegFand the laws should bear all upon alikp. Weak our readers of both sexes to lay aside and cSnsider this subject from the prejudice standpoint of reason, logic and broad humanity, and answer the question whether a government can be truly republican, which make3 these invid- : ; ious aistmctioiis. Locomotive Firemen s Magazine: for-one-m- t h. on - ad- ; Maria n S. Wi LcoxSec'y. INTERESTING VISIT IN MILLARD STAKE. On October the 29 ihjkjpio received a very Sister S.Richards Jane arriving on that evening on a visit to our settlement, and putting up at the residence of their neice, Sister Emily L. - i - history-tel-ls us tharwomau "was last at his, cross and first at his opening grave; woman" carried, from the lips of Jesus the news of his ourtli be-one-f- , h up-wit- o m ... WEBER COUNTY W. S. A. Thompson. In the evening we called upon them and invited Sister Richards to visit all the branches of the Kelief Society of this Stakeout tellincr The Woman Suffrage Association of Weber Co., held their regular monthly meeting fn the EifthWard Institute,.. Ogden City, Nov, 9 1891. After the usual opening exercises Pres.. e association on the beuefit3 to be derived from the enfranchise ment of women. Bead an extract from" an address delivered by Clara B. Colby, showing what good had been accomplished by suffrage in Wyoming. Mary 1Ann Wallace of NorthJdenthen- f delivered tne loliowing address on Woman Suffrage: "One of the greatest clouds in the intellectual heavens of today is the question of the right of woman to vote on any and all of the tween some of the settlements, but if it was death they will be taken from her and-dinot asking too much of her, we would be very posed of as directed. He may will away an pleased to have her accompany us on a visit unborn child and at its birth it will be taken to them all. Sister Richards very willingly from the mother's arms. In every State in Richards accepted ou r , invitation and Brother the Union the joint earnings of the two belon ' kindly going with us. absolutely to the husband. In many States On the morning of the 30th, Sister Emily the wife's property, real and personal, becomes -LThomp on ir presid en to tx h e Rel ie fSo cTety the possessiou)ftheJiusbandtniarria'e.--Ir- r of this place) notified the people that a meetothers, if the wife children the ing of the Relief Society wou Id be held at husband takes all the property; if he dies the 1 o'clock p. m., at which Brother and Sister wife gets but and in some instances Richards would address the Saints. At the only a life interest iu this. In a number of time appointed we ineU.o4Man.fcxeiTM States if the woman earns furniture, cloth instructions. ""vefyval fond and"foodiiy"Fer own labor, the husband may II" to of the. grand results At the close of the meeting at 4 p. ni.,' car- - " day are pointing sell them and pocket the raoneyr If the wife" "of increasing intelligence among the nations of riages were ready to convey us Jo HMdenThQll, breaks earth. - Are these natbnrcoinpdTjf nien '7arfy consistuig Jof Jjrother and Sister' degsbe.:.annoLiucLJojL4he armpjr damages, but the husband sues the cause-nfi.only? Are the general labors which contribute Rich a rds, E mi ly L". Thorn pson, B ish op Th om as T loss for the of her the and to the support of the human race performed by services, injury Yates and ourselves. We arrived in ftolden him. In to more than half Do make alone? homes men money belongs our men the pure in time to partake of haity ... refreshments at of the States little children, from seven "to and hallowed retreats which refresh and re Bishop Stevenson's and repair at once ta their twelve years of age, may consent to their own new the soul? What is there in the nature of t beautiful meeting house 'where we found a ruin, and the mothers are powerless because man which makes him the superior of the good attendance of brethren and sisters althe law sanctions it. v ." Has manany higher oxircato whicii ready assembled. We listened-t- o 4iio.it - exIn forty-threforced to States women are he can trace his origin and existence? fie cellent from Brother and Sister the of his taxes full of their life and amount from are essence has cjrawn. the pay perwoman; Richards also short speeches from other mitted no representation, not even the priviho owes to woman his form, his intellect, his brethren and sisters. We all felt greatly ' . lege of voting for the assessor. They are brain, bone, and sinew, without her he never blessed and encouraged. compelled to obey laws they have no voice in could have seen the light of day, his ideas Saturday morning, Oct. 3 1st we proceeded to Fillmore, ten miles further south, Hada making and, when accused of crime, they are have grown into shape under her motherly ref used trial by a j u ry of their peers. Space care, and man, proud man is today m all his pleasant drive as the air wafreah and bracing 13 JEkriefJO-JP- j ejQUaa3LtlifiJnequaliije3..i3 strength of-- i nd,r: body and- t c tell ect on ly andfthe dajrfihev Slany of the bretlirenwere ' the law. It is true there have been many what woman has made him. There cannet in from most of the wards of the Stake to atimprovements since the day when the old be any separate existence for man. God in tend Priesthood meeting, Which convened at common law of England everywhere prethe dawn of Creation when he brought man 10 o'clock a. m.' There were two meetings of vailed, which gave'a man the same owceri-hiupon the earth stated this great truth "it is the Priesthood which Apostle Richards at-- ; of his wife as he had of his horse or cow, but not well for the man to be alone," but when tended. There was no meeting of the Relief these changes have represented the labor of woman was brought upon the scene and they Society on that day on account of the sisters not being notified in time. On Sunday, Nov. were nronouneed one -- then the Architect years. It will also be found that almost without exception, the champions who Secured the finished His work and proclaimed it "very 1st, attended Sabbath meeting in Fillmore in t h e e ven i ng a in eeting of jepeal oLthe obnoxious laws were pronounced eood." - Let us look at the face of history and -- the afternoon an d i n There" was a good attend-.nc- e confirmation of the Relief Society. .jthey wiH JresMfjLtfeatl we will find in it3 lessons-th- e: with of brethren and sisters who pail marked the "difficulty has been infinitely greater beAdam; she these principles. Eve stdod - Abraham and attention to the encouraging words of counsel cause they were working for a disfranchised being the mother of all living.from Sister Richards, also the kind, fatherly class.. Our law makers represent their conhis lovely Sarah are not separated by the discourse was of Apostle, Richards, who spoke in the Tnps the creat lawgiver stituents, the ones who placed them in power. orhigh terms of tbe'IleliefJSoj They have an eve sinde to the interests of brother,of the generous and great JUinani wno those who nossess thfi influence of the ballotJwafched hismtlelArkupon tne Iwiver iile, ganizations of women. On Monday,Nov. 2, had an appointment for They are not legislating for Chinese or Indians and the loving heart of a woman, Pharaoh a bless meeting at Kanosb, fifteen mTIe3 south of Fill- - .. or idiots ftr wnmpn saved. to the world this child to dauffhter. AVnmpn avp.- thft nVht of .. .i J . ... O more, at 10 6'clock a. m., and another at . mankind after her cruel miner nau conuemneu petition, but legislators scorn a petition which Meadow, eight milea south ' of Fillmore at is not signed by voters. Massachusetts wohim to the watery grave. men petitioned twelve vears for the right to The mother of Samuel the great Prophet 2 o'clock p. in. We left Fillmore shortly after 8 o'clock a. ra. Stake President Ira M. iV Israel, made a covenant own the clolhes nnon While the and Kingmaker I r.r.ri her condition and ..1 KxQQ. WniCU Hinckley and Counselors Daniel Thompson and natural progress of pubfic sentiment may in WltU cuajw fctu men known David It. Stevens accompanying us. and th e next fiftv vpjin ho nffinipnt to 'strike out I eave to Is Mfd rmft of the greatest s- . 1 dies-witho- one-tbir- ut d, , ; . w lhc-menofiW- r - . h wo-ma- e? ' e - m . p -- onian-suffragistsLand -- hi's-hrla- --- vs-.- o I t,l . , their-backs- 1 1 . 1. (. . 1 I. n 1 