WOMAN'S EXPONENT. DEATH AT THE WHITE HOUSE. Mrs. Caroline Scott Harrison, wife of the Chief Executive of the nation, President Benjamin 'Harrison, died at the White on Tuesday House in Washington, D. morning Oct. 25, 1892, at 1:40, of consumption from which she had been suffering for some considerable time though little was known of the disease that threatened her life until a few months since. Strong hopes were entertained of her recover', until a short time ago, and recently the Presi- - C, Jejitliasjjihsented4im places and remained constantly by her bed- -' n side. The family are at the grief-stricke- great losji they have sustained in her de- mise. There were present at the moments of TTnrri;nn Mr rmrl hpr dpnnrttirf1. Prpidpnt 1 Mrs, Mc'Kee, Mr. and Mrs. Russell Harri son, laeut. ana Mrs. rarker, Mrs. .Uimmick and Mrs. Newcomer.all the family except the . three grand children. M'rs. Harrison was so tenderly beloved that the parting must have been inexpressibly touching. Ever since Mrs. Harrison's entrance at the White House, she has given an air of the most graceful superiority to all its arrangements and entertainments; socially she is said to have been very charming and in her homelife intensely gentle and moth 1 " erly; i imr i yv jurs. namson was Dorn muxioro, unio, and was the daughter of Dr. Tbhn Wither- spoon Scott and Mary Scott. Mr. and Mrs. Harrison fell in love with each other while the young lady was at M'rs. Harrison wras elected the school. " T-- r w First President General of the organization known as the Daughters of the Revolution, 1 O J -:- r - - .-1- ""3 TS. ZStC:.T."2Z: if." Z seems almost remarkable that through so many terms of the office of President, Mrs. Harrison is the second mistress of the White mansion. Her demise will cast a shadow over that beautiful and charming place for a time at least, and the rejoicings at the coming election will scarce be the same after such a sad occurrence, as the death of one so near the heart of the nation. The news of Columbus Dav celebration here and in Chicago, and the sad . death at the White House in Washington crowd our the Relief Society Conference, Obituary notices and other matter we have on hand, therefore these articles must be delayed. ; OF THE SALT LAKE COUNTY WORLD'S FAIR -- y 1 This ASSO- -. CIATION". ARTICLE i.JVame. Association shall be known as the Salt Lake County ' ARTICLE County under such rules and local manatre- ment as may be deemed best. But O, the wondrous melancholy in the words "fare well. ' ' Especially when realizbetween ourARTICLE in. Officers and Executive ing that'we are about to place selves and all who are near and dear, thousBoard. ands of miles" of land and sea. We are A Board of Directors shall be chosen by burdened with the ills that may befall the President, consisting of twenty-fiv- e them, ere we meet again, oppressed by the members; from which number shall be apdangers that lie thick on everv hand. pointed by the President, two The parting words are spoken, the famili-e- r a Secretary, Assistant Secretary, forms recede from our lingering gaze1, Treasurer aiul an Executive Board con- we are rapidly, borne away from those ; sisting of five members:. we hold most dear. We now ltgin to wonder how we could . have made such a Article yv. Membersluj). ' that a trip to Eurojxi "mistake asto Any woman residing in Salt Lake County, could possibly imagine be a pleasure. may become a member of this Association These feelings are however of but short by paying a membership fee of one dollar duration, as we are lured .from the melanana signing the The membercholy contemplation, by the jollity of our ship fee, and all other moneys raised by traveling companions and the ever changing whatever means shall be used for the exaspect of the scenes through which we are penses of the Association, at the direction passing. 1 hey were an new and strange. J?Ltlie,;Ex " drear and uninhabited plains possessed .an ARTICLE V. Meetings. for they brought to my mind, Meetings' shall be held every Thursday attraction; at three p. m. A quorum shall consist of the many weary pilgrimages which have been taken across their burning sands. I eleven members. thought of the heroic pioneers, the brave ARTICLE VI. Reports. hand cart companions; and the many tedious ,The Secretary shall forward to the Secreexpeditions which had traversed tary of the Territorial Board on or about them. the 30th of each month, a report showing Again Fort Laramie, Council Bluffs, the the work done during the preceding month. Platte and Missouri rivers, the "Father of Questions requiring immediate attention, Waters" and the state of Illinois, each jn to the its turn, brought to my remembrance- however, shall be at once forwarded ' Territorial Board. : tragic scenes and memorable incidents in the ARTICLE Vii. Amendments. history of my people. Just before reaching Chicago", one of our These may be amended at any a lady .who had occupied the regular meeting of the Association by a passengers, to seat me ever since leaving ug-demajority vote of the members opposite took advantage of the vacant seat by present: notice having been given at a premy side, and excusing herself for addressvious meeting. ing a straneert said .. she had . been led - by. "our cohversaliolaTto surmise that ..we were A TRIP TO ENGLAND. Mormons, was I reall v a Mormon? When I answered in the affirmative, she was yet WE and have been reared not wholly convinced, and asked if I really --meant in these WestemlWildsemmedJn-n-a- ll it, of "course Itold her tfiaTl-reallsides, as we are, by majestic towering peaks, did; when she began to question me in the believe in naturally lell an mquisitiveness,. an unsati-abl- e following manner. ''Vo-joidesire to get beyond this grand fortress polygamy? Have all the men in Utah and take in wTith aglance of our eye a greatfrom six to ten wives? Dare a woman er extent of the earth's surface. We may there, refuse to marry a man if he wTishes gaze in awe and admiration at the mighty her to do so? Are all M"ormon women o rugged bulwarks that surround- - us, and forced-tmarry" whether they wish to or never grow weary of viewing the varied not? Are Mormcn men good to their d aspect of these mountains; wives? etc, I spent some little time in ex in the artistic of the fresh plaining matters to her and in elucidating drinking beauty green verdure of early spring, the richness the mysterious conditions of society supof autumnal coloring or when clad in their posed to exist amid the valleys of the " . Rockies. dazzling robe of spotless ermine. We.;m he' "mpresseel" herself 'as reinl:" much these spacious valleys with their bounteous pleased and thanking me said she should harvest fields, their shady groves and pleashenceforth have a very different idea of the ant glens, their sparkline lakes and streams: Mormons. Wished to know if the young and our hearts maxerMwwdthJave ani4 men who had been sitting with me were gratitude lor our peaceful habitations and Mormons also, and thought they were very the dear ones abiding therein. Yet, not- jolly, and fine specimens of the race. I withstanding : these circumstances, our was highly amused and little dreamed of minds reach out beyond these barriers the many similar incidents J and in fancy we treasure "the long stretch of should experience ere amusing my return. plains which intervene 'twixt us, and those Farther on our. journey, when flying centres of civilization where congregate the uiiuuga uic Dcauuiui woous 01 me liUl- 'multitudes of men; and where we may view pire State," imagination claimed me . for her the great busy world as it is. 1.3" mirtl OMfl T (nii perchance ourdesires may transcend" forest, a youth devoutly kneeling; the borders of the creat waters: ntid w supplications to the God of may long to visit in reality, as we oft have heaven; pleading for light and understand-ing-yearfdone in fancy, the dear old mother country; wisdomwithout stiiitT--vhi- ch hallowed by d tales oLthe parental the 'Good Book' promises shall be given, and of scenes made sacred by to him that asketh, believing he shall re homestead, sweet : memories c,y s grow4 ceiver I note er at were the feelings which fostered my .desires the continued boy's praying:, and two per long, long, ere I ventured on my pleasant . sonages whose glory the noon day sun doth trip to the farther shore. dim, descend from .their bright dwelling, " - Vice-President- ' V s, " - . by-law- s. . , ox-tea- m --- ; by-law- -s two-thir- n, ds y i snow-cappe- EDITORIAL NOTE. BY LAWS. 69 n-ti- Tesr pouring-IbrtFEiireanie- ct. The object of this Association shall be to collect an exhibit of the industries and in' terests of the women of this County, for the exposition iiiand(XmthQnzQ and. encourage tne organization oi auxiliary associations to be known as "World Fair Clubs, " in each town throughout .this st or oft-tol- . : , 