full m the face, I don't understand your meaning Doctor Bland. to come into4y " me h after death, to call on a w?YS importance?" Dr. Bland did not desire to reply and WaL ton rode on in silence until, they reached the courtyard. Both gentlemen dismounted and as the Doctor war familiar with the escorted Lord Walton into the. house place he and they were shown into the library. I'Tell-MiaConway a gentleman wishes to see her on business." said fh tL tyw,,. gallon WOMAN'S EXPONENT. IF OmAJJTEN.: moth tin OmjuTd geryant who soon returned saying Mis would Con-wa- y 1 W hewas-Maitland'- IN EMILIE MEMORIAM. -- 'The fun, and the cheer, amVthe play; With the patient droop on the tiaH mouth. And the "Mother has had her day rue, mother has had her day, dears, ' When you were her bal-irthrceTTAnd she stepped about ihe farm nnd the house, As busy as ever a bee. When she rocked you all lo slvep, dejrs. And sent you all to school, And wore herself out, and did without. " And lived by the Golden Rule. Life," a radiant angel snid; "I bring the sacred bliss of motherhood;" Then turned to go his Heavenward way, when, lo ! Another angel on the threshold stood- .Before the awful glory of that face, The bright first comer bowed his shining h ad. "The" smiles that welcomed me must melt in tears, Since thou art here, O, Brother Death!" he said. . s That-moth- not dead, but sleepingJlsaiOi the Lord, But tears are falling like the summer rain For her, who, wearing woman's crown of Jove, I Sank"JnealB "the weight of woman's cross of pain. - "SFtHKUT Mt A. Y. GREEX1IALGII. Aw- .'".. ; . The cowslip shakes her golden bells - Beneath the hawthorn's shade, And every blushing floweret tells How Flora decks the glade. Listen! each shrub and bramble, " Are asking us to come, And 'raid their wild haunts ramble, Or on the hill sides j"oam 1:.-Thblue bell nods her azure head; With every fluttering breeze, And Columbines in glowing red, Bask nealh the tamarack trees, The gay wild Prairie beauties, Their dainty charms disclose W hen May resumes her duties And heralds in June's rose, Then larkspurs rear their purple heads, """ - er weed3-will-no- We have frequently heard, the question asked, " What is Courtesy?" and have been surprised, at first.tojajon farther stud our surprise has vanished. We have found it mistaken for politeness, and vica versa. Anct yet novrmmpleiuiddi4tioct its definition, oourtesy is the destinctive mark of a refiaed and cultivated mind, it is the attribute by which we : may recognize the lad v.or o true gentleman. It is the characteristie v jwell of the bred, and kind hearted of all nations, tribes and people, it is the true index of a good mind. It is the oil in the machinery of social HfrlltKn tends to foster happiness. Courteous words sweeten life, and a courteous demeanour enhances its nleasures. It hides many imperfec tions and protects the possessor from many dangers. Courtesy is calculated to win hearts and the lack of it to k)se Hhemja.n(l tjie,cTo3er the more need "T5neYintimac ful does the exercise of tact, and courtesy become. Courtesy is never the result of a school education Ispringsfr9m. aninna.te..purit-3rof tcrr met with in 'TfTsQut-- ; tyu re cour lesy-i- s - those who '?LXjyiiiesZT6-naturesTnoBIe- " ' . men, and women. h n'd ea rd oi Jii gh ty ed u W e ha ve read, a seemed unable to who cated and gifted men, be courteous to any one, and they were voted as boors in society. And yet it can be, and often is, cultivated, and those in whom it is found either as a product of their nature, or - . AnLd.mrttecj; Smile on, the blue forget me not, Ap whisper "This is joyous May." . " e wo are. without it, are but little sought after, and are often ments of society, while they ; ineuuijp There areneopie who profess to he too inde. pendent to stud)- - eveuTho smallest courtesies room or a public place in They will enter an abrupt manner, sjt in the rudest attitudes, pay no apparent attention to those who may be speaking, and in conversation themselves, . t i enow no respect to those around them. They do not understand, that there is not one of our attributes, one of our employments, nor one of our states of mind which is riot as significant could we interpret it, as holy writ, though not a3 instructive. To each of us God haiven talents to be improved by cultivatiou.and care, nothing that comes from him can be ignoble or small, nothing worthless if cultivatedas his" gift.- This is one of the most helpful thoughts, iv "ft of ourselves, and should teach us how nees-- i it is to cultivate every grain of the beautiful seed that nature has. given us, then thoughts will break out into leaf, feelings into bloai-onw-, a Hnglfcdaym heart like a woodland, when the foliage of sweet and refined thought first, appears the" 11 be Wa be called never leave to the sacred pre- may we. should- - cultivate:" .kfiJ-ihiiT- e. "every grace, and talent, so that . we may shed brightness, and joy upon our nearest and dearest. . is blessed to a feel It that we arc thii?g COURTESY Emily .Browne Powell. The meads areclad in verdure, The woods resound with song; The air is rilled with perfume By zephyrs borne along; The pink tipped, star eyed, daisies, Ope at the morning's glow, And the bubbling brook asks softly t "Why don't you Maying go?" ui inie And so your turn-hacome, deirsj ""IIcTXair iigrowing.whitc: And her eyes are gaining that fir away lo k ' That peers beyond the night. ' One of these days, in the morning ' Mother will not be here; She will fade awty into silence, The mother so true and dear. " "'I-- ' The CaliforniJn Illustrated Magazine. . And, if mother would lis'en to me, de.irs, She 'd buy her a gowrxf silk, With buttons of royal velvet. And ruffles as white as milk: And she'd let you do the trotting, ?till in'hcr 'chair: should have it hard all through, It strikes me isn't fair. 'Mid twilight's gathering gloom Death entered there; Whispered, "The Master calls thee 'Come up higher.' " earthlyJhingsi, the earnest yes; 52&; And set his seal upon the lips of fire. ' - s And father, tired and lonesome then, Pray, what will you do for him? If you want to keep your mother, You must make her rest today? Must give her a share in the fr lie, And draw her into the ptiyr is is Without courtesy the best actions of our lives are not appreciated, because the manner of performing them is not in keeping with the actions. The courtesy of the heart is allied to love, from it springs the purest courtesy in' the outward b havior. As thobtst metal is tho "most flexible, so the truly generous hearted, are the most courteous to inferiors, and thcw who are courteous to all, receive much more ' lonor, than those whom they honor. NVgaiu, there are studied courtesies in which sincerity and truth, have no part, and these tend to reak up, and eliminate every element ' Then, what will you do in the daylight, And what in the gloaming dim? TRACY Y. PARKJIURST. ( If mother wotthl listen to me, dears She would freshen that faded own; She wou'd somctimevtake an hour's rest, And somefim: s a trip to town. And it shouldn't be all foAfae children, I be down in a few minutes Jane Conway wohdere when summoned by the servant what had brought a fine gentleman to see her, for .tfce serving man had described him as a " big man' and she could not who it could be. She was not long imagine in ascertaining, for coming into the room she was introduced by the. doctor to Lord Walton and she knew atonce s father and suspectedthe rest. The interview was not a long one, and when it was over Lord Walton unsisted upon being presented to Miss Hilliard "She shunned. Courtesy is never a burden to its possessor and willheipto make life's path easier to travel than any. other virtue, except honesty and truth. Of all poverty stricken contradictions the person who does not possess the quality of -- -- "My name 170 seen-nraid"t- t: he - JYA-liLi1!-- !' ; fe4iJ of sand, upon the great Sahara of the world, but are a part of a great and glorious whole, where each individual-sou- l has rt riwn - appointed place, and which we are expected to perfect ourtelves to fill; to devote ourselves Jo thebllkkx)f the Divine life by the beautiful apostolate of kindness, and courtesy. Courtesy is a fortune in itself; a courteous man often succeeds in life where men of much greater ability fail. The history of every vcountry "Ii"f iii s.t ftl.rr ourtu 3 jii inxi e rs " the fortunes of lawyers, divines have made physicians, politicians, and indeed, individuals of all pursuits. Of two men equal in all other respects, the courteous one' has twice the advantages, and by far the better chance of mik-hi- s way in the world. 7" OuT"fif8t"intfoiruc affability or the reverse, creates a prepossession in their favor, or awakens unconsciously -- ' .5.33--- -- Aprej -,- passport" to favor, a 0ourteiiy-is-a--general Iei,er of reco m men da X jqnjm tteh J n a iaiigtiage-Ivbfcevery person can read and- understand. TT - M. A. Y. G ii e ENUALtiir. Miss. Louise Franeis,of Castroville, Cal., has a valuable pice of property in her daily newspaper, the Enlerprhe. Hiss Francis is tall, rather slim and has beautiful Jbir,jL&d. trlf"ismarterl f)y common sense, and a complete knowledge of her curacy , ac' 