WOMAN S EXPONENT. 50 mised to marry. The interview was a long upon it Anna people are. impressed by their or one, Clair and his lawyers returned from surroundings, whether you believe it their ride, and the two men departed on not." said Miss Conway. "0, Jane you their journey in fact the sun was in the make me feelqueer, what has come over meridian ere the poctor and Jane emerged vou.to trive way to such fancies? I shall from the drawing room. : Both looked very not like to stay here, when you are gone, if to grave yet - withal satisfied, and beforean yoir go on like thisr I shall bc expectingwohour had passed, Jane had informed Anna see something, one of those old men or that her marriage was to take place as soon men, who lived so long, ago, really you as the preliminary arrangements" could be make one shiver with dread." . "Anna these' people are not coming back, made. vivid, I: zzri'Aiid Ialways- tliought:yoii:AVDnld:be;a: it is just myrimagiuation ..that spinster and so did papa, and keep our house would like to see them if it were possible, and take care of us'all "and our children." and if I should not be too much alarmed, I 'You were all wrong asypuW'illsee-i- n a- - fwanTto know abouTthe iuisccn. Wnatna Tew weeks, and my dear cousin you will be any one ever told us that is satisfactory'? the responsible person in the house, and it Nothing! absolutely nothing! Ask whom requires tact to keep an establishment .like you will, they don't knowX My mother this in running order, everything is at told me more during her illness, of the sixes and sevens now with this grand fete Bible and its teachings, than I have ever and Mrs. Burke is on her high heels with heard from, any one however learned. having her gentleman cousin down from There must be something in the future London, "the great solicitor of the late Sir more than our ministers teach, and I long . iso , s Edwie-davs now to cet all the household find that sweet content in ypur married life that will satisfy the highest aspirations of the human soul my dear Anna; for my own part I do not exin must be something higher pect it, there . . c i the world tlian simpiy living vu iivm uay to day as people do, and I long to reach those hitrh ideals that to us now seem un attainable. I would that I knew more of science, the science of life, what it really is, and for what purpose we were created." "I trust you .will -- ' i . .. A r1 1 lir11 f f r l uuvm ar nrroof uvui tjuir. Dr. Bland mysteries don't they will le able to enlighten vbu on those points i ITAn4n 1 SJUy.lUlZ3 fplvvheirn-are-marnedr-- gH-U- V 11 - f c-- - "Candidlly Anna he understands no more than I do the things I long to fathom, nor does any one I fear, we must have greater knowledge" to comprehend these occult sciences. God alone knows; and the old prophets had light revealed to them direct, but in our day there is no revelation from heaven save that which comes to us iuward- - pfceptionslharwe ohTy ieel but which divines and philosophers talk of, but cannot express. i " . "I wish Jane you w?ere letter satisfied they do not possess. ery in order again." "I'm sorry your not a minister yourself writh things as they are and not reaching "Dear Jane do give me a few lessons in management before this wedding comes offr Jane, you could tell us something more out after the unattainable, or if you waiit By the bye where are you to be married? than Mr.- Phillips does, he is so stupid, he knowledge, stud' with some of the greatand what will you wear, and how many can't talk about anything in the world, or est divines and see whether they, could tell bridesmaids will "yon have? Do tell me all beyond." you the things yon long so ardently for.". about it!" "My father wras a clergyman and I may . "No Anna I am, going to marry Doctor "Dont talk so rapidly dear asking so have something of his nature and tendency, Bland and be a faithful, obedient submis-- 1 many questions in a breath, and I will an- .but Anna my mother wras as lofty in her sive wife that seems to be the line of duty swer some of them. We are to be married ideals and as pure in her aspirations, and as .marked out for me now, only occasionally I in the little Church near by, and as for conscientious in all her life as any minister have these misgivings and then I shake bridesmaids I had not thought6 of them at could possibly be however devoted, and I them off and bury myself in everyday all, and you know we are still in mourning feel that I shall some day find a better way work, nevertheless the time will come "when for my uncle, that decides the dress." than we have been taught, one in which we women will have a broader platform wre to and balls went can do more good, we do "How very stupid, upon and life will be so much more - parties in London, without the insignia of sacrifices; we scarcely go out jiomakeany of our way to desirable." feel should it essential relieve suffering: we nurse and tend our you mourning, why This conversation showed plainly. ...the to wear black at a wedding, particularly the own , . and think in -- drift "oFMiss bridemyold-nurse-to1C. She, was a women of strong mentality, a child that it was bad luck to wear black 'Jane you do surprise me with - your o to a wedding, and I'm sure it must be for peculiarjvie ws pt within her the boundless possibilities of a .thebride to be i n - blackv " kiiow you have the most exalted ideas of mighty work in the standard of wo"That point is settled Anna neither the life and its service, and the Doctor will co- manhood, to a raising lofty independence and freeDoctor or myself 'are at all superstitious, operate with you in the charities that seem dom of thought "and action, but she realized and therefore it will make no difference suited to such temperaments as yours; as how helpless woman herself was under exwhatever your nurse may have told you." for me I'm too indifferent to do good even isting conditions; yet the prophecy of the "How about the. house cousin when can though I do appreciate it in you and honor future was prescient within her soul. we see it; will you go to day to look at it,; you for your "freedom of exand Time sped omvard rapidly and Jane thought and tike I thnk; it must be pression; just now I'm thinking of Mait- you?-edding-ceremonies Conway realized how soon-t- he very, nice to go to a new place, and not live Jand and that absorbs and intellect- e must he solemnized. She had :. in such a weird, dusty, dark, old "ruin as too." sometimes accompanied the Doctor in his tlns is, where the very owls and bats prowl 'You have a kind heart Anna and should visits to patients in the vicinity about at night. " circumstances change, you might yet - feel morning with her flowers and delicacies such carrying to that, I have a fondness' for Ithis as I do that we should live for something as invalids require, and withal taking into house, it has a history, that is exceedingly outside our own domain, experiences in lifp these lowly homes a sweet influence and a interesting, think of the long line of an- K often bring out rich qualites that have lain spirit of cheerfulness, and many" a dear bid ' cestry that have occupied these rooms, ami dormant and neglected. ' ' soul had said, "what a happy pair, how the daring exploits of the brave men who' r "Don't, say such dreadful to me things well are mated. 7; TheSprm ;had fought in the great battles of the country; Jane, you make me feel like a culprit, its come they and the fields and meadows were I love to look at the armory though it is very-- unpleasantI'm sorry are .not in green with the fresh you grass, and dotted with a happier mood just after your interview rusty and neglected." the hedges were cowslips and butter-cup"I have no taste for all this paraphernalia, with Dr. Bland, he must have ruffled I like the living present, full of life and feathers metliinks, neverknewyou-quit- e your teeming with fragrant blossoms that filled -the air with sweet perfume and: on every is welcome to beauty and activity. tree this tumble-dowrookery, and T hope when "P think we've talked enough on this and the birds were caroling songs of melody I marry Maitland that we shall have a new subject, but seriously Aiina I rejoiced in the spirit of lovenever have 1i n ef n w A ..... liness. .... ..,.;....,....,... -rjli ti J i A nit n txA ! e i f a i 1. ?lmd-s- o" ra inany-rg'Maitland Walton had returned from the fine places, and not go round and round, possibly it is because of the new role I am and every day,rode to the castle, over and over, the' self same identical places about to enter that is making me feel metropolis upon and walks and drives, year in, and' year out how very Lady Anna and Clair joining him in riding a thing it is to rive or important as we do here; I'm so tired of this place, yourself into walking through and around the beauti' another's keeping' ful and as for its history who knows it? I grounds and parks that were teeming Uli . imSnake-timpression with beauty and bloom. Lady Anna was didn't even know about my own mother upon, you cousin but it Jane, seems to me until uncle Rob told me." if I were to be married so sooriT should be profoundly happy and everything wore Color de rose for her; and she could not see often "I fancy I see the people coming the happiest united girl alive, with Maitland why her cousin should be so and going through these rooms Lords and never more at to ix .vmmM melancholy, k wi 3 :,. Ladies and Dowagers, and hear them tn II--. the approaching nuptials; J tt. getherlieneeforflrrtbrihurri kQt x ing to T and depend- - ntriPcc ' : er a saunter through the fields she dis- maclini - " - . to-wor- . jable - v .r:r: .morality-aiid-religion."""- T" -- me-wit- -w- - my-tim- .. 1 . - s, I 1 n all-natu- re - 1 1 1 ... 1 . ; - ; h . . .... -- - ...,,rr . 