WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Edward was dead he. cherished no but lavished affection freely upon the daughter, remembering too she was the nearest relative he had. He had guessed something of her, life through the association of the 7 past few weeks, and realized' what an advantage, a blessing in fact, it was to have a young woman like Miss Conway to watch over ner; ana at times he ielt as it he would not leave England again until he saw her fairly settled, happily married, He was not' sure that he approved of'Mait-lan- d Walton, and he certainly disapproved - of Lady Walton's influence,, and it partly reconciled him to their going away, kuow-"in- g Anna would be less in her society. Since Clair's playful reference to the Doctor, he had serious thoughts, whether there could have been any meaning in his words, but he would not inquire lest his for he nev- meaning should be misconstrued, T " ci c jmagiiicu iiiinciiTiriDTmtrciior Jane, he knew she wTas not, and fancied it would be a difficult matter for her to fall in . love, with an ordinary man and to him all men were more or less ordinary, for he had seen the world and mingled much with man- kind. Really he kne w very little of women, yand therefore judged Miss Conway impervious to the grand passion. All the winter long 'Miss Conway "had been doing dainty work, such as ladies take delight in previous to entering upon the '..new relations of married life, but after Mr. Harrison's frequent visits the work lagged and Was put aside'. She had never seen a man .with such a conversational power": or such a wonderful fund of information. He had traveled extensively and never tired of talking of countries and people, all newr to his attentive listeners." The final ing came 'at last and, Rob Harrison had to -- ill-wi- WILL AfOU COME WHEN ll . I AM DYING? ment; to the cares imposed by each was she ever ready to respond in true, hearty good fellowship and lend her . sympathetic and kind The little orphanedones so pitifully left are on the ranch with the little babe of Mrs. Parkhurst, where their tiny heafts and lives bereft of maternal draw in that love springing from nature's own, whose silent truths can teach them much that's beautiful and errand. The lovelv floral tributes to Mrs. P' Evelyn have been photographed and the club contemplates sending one to her mother so far away in Ireland. , " ' ... -- T Will you come when I am dying? Fold my weary hands in thine, 'Till. time's wheels in their svtift flying, . . "Rad lanTwrtli green andTgoIdT Lucy. MOTHER'S BIRTHDAY. Makes The hands that never weary gre w By love's fond impulse fired; The face so pleasant, kind and true. By us so much admired; The loving heart which offered prayers In our behalf each day, In fancy greets us everywhere, 1. TocKeef duFIonelywayT kissed Anna as of course he had a right to do; but how should he say good-by- e to her determined to at least kiss her hand, buthe did not get opportunity, for the party -- -- migntlernen given all praise to Him above In sweet humility. Then has thy mission been in vain? Ah, surely, surely no! For thou a blessed crown will gain A world of joy will know. ; r ' " ; Alofa. 1, 1892. Burton. , The annual convention of P. C.W. P. A., will be held in San Francisco on the days of the 2i, 22, and 23 of Septemberv-a- t' which Alma officers-wil- l WOMEN'S NEWS. As the days pass on the thought comes to each one of us how great our loss in the death of Mrs.- D' Evelyn! Not only did she perform the duties of the ass' t recording secretary dutifully and well, but as the nrman of the visiting- committee and one of the number on presswork and entertain- . take Priscilla Alden. San Francisco, Aug. 1892. APPRECIATIVE. The following is from a gentleman in the South who received a complimentary of our paper recently: Mrs. E. L Wells: - This is only intended" to convey to you the information that the Woman's Exponent came to hand by the last mail and rest asured I am much pleased with the work, and sincerely wish that a ' 26, 1892. ; AR Dear Sister:-- It is fourteen years today since the-fir- st Primary Association w'as organized: iii the church with Sister Aurelia S. Rogers of Farmington, President. Today being. our annual meeting oay, we neia a meeting and reorganized, the officers now be- nig iMiss JNettie Abbott rresident, iNliss Iar Millard and Mrs. M. E. Knowlton Counselors, Miss Phebe McLaughlin Secre-tarStake Pres't Rogers and Counselors Hess and Clark being among the number. We had an -- excellent time. -- Our - programme- consisted of songs, dialogues, recitations, questions and answers on the creation, and a review of simple Bible Stories, gotten up for the occasion, short speeches by a number of the sisters, and altogether-whad a be to time long remembered, not the least pleasing feature of- the entertainment being the response to roll call by sentiment, four years old darlings answering in . this vay . There was also a letter read from Sister Eula Greene Richards regretting her inability to be present at our meeting, and ex- pressive of love and good feeling for the little ones. VervRespectMlv; - - object it supports. y1or ere were twelve visiting sisters present, " - False friendship, like the ivy, decayvS and ruins the wails it embraces, but true wnsfprly . d yet he knew she was a very superior person. He felt it very :;stroiigly and wrondered other men were not also awareof " her superiority. n r. Thy birthday! may it bring thee peSce Samoa, July Avriflpn in Editor Woman's Exponent: - And each succeeding year, May heaven's gifts for thee increase May nothing cause thee fear; And many, many glad returns-M- ay you, dear mother, see; And live until your spirit yearns From all life's cares to flee. -- JTHIUAIRST-PRIM- taught thyxhildren faithrand love And hope and charity-H- ast . . July -- Hast 1 ap-- x peared in a recent number,' Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Stetson's article on "Masculine, Feminine and Human. ' ' This article is spoken of as being intensely interesting and fully, e, -- .'. In Kate Field's Washington there terested in the welfare of the .human family. And in the mean time believe me, most respect-- " ' Near half a century now hath fled Since thou an infant lay-- On rapid wings the years have sped, The moments passed away. They have not idly passed w,e know, For thou, dear, noble one, Among the humble, weak and low Thy willing work hast done; nd were ready at a very early hour in the morn-4ng- and v ere allrappedi iirsuTdTo ved . Tie embraced "Anna tenderly, kissed her on both cheeks and turning to her cousin said a simple good-bythough he longed to say a great deal more. Clair urged him "to come as soon as they were fairly settled and show him what would be needed to make the place habitable for, said he, "the old place is only a tumbled down ruin now, and not fit to invite respectable people to visit, though the surroundings are magnificent. " Mr. Harrison was in hopes the ladies would add their entreaties to ClairlsiojiIiss vConway was absolutely silent on the subject, and Anna only faintly echoed Clair's last words "we shall expect you." The" coach drove awayy and "walking slowly toward his hotel Rob Harrison reasoned with himself, and wondered why he should care about this plain young woman that seemed to pass unnoticed by all for "he had not heard, from any one of the :who naa. .sPen so often of his cousin L,ady Anna, one single word of Miss Conway.-An- ah! that saintly name each fond impulse start; Afar or near, 'tis e'en the same, Soft spoken from the heart. Dear mother! tender thoughts of thee Will crowd our memories still, Though we have crossed the "mighty sea, To teach the Master's will. tohisne . time the election of . new place. Dear mother, -- be brave; he would . Backward turn to days langsyne? Sing to me those songs of childhood, Trill them o'er in sweetest tone, 'Till loved voice's long since silent, Blend and mingle with thins own? Fair soft arms around me twining, Tender smile and fond caress, ;Give each dark cloud silver lining, Scatter cares that long opprest. Hope's bright star gilds plainest duty, Infant's joys and childish fears, . Youth developed into beauty, Come as backward roll the years. Light from heaven's Clear vault shining, Penetrates thro' ages mold, JlringiLjagaiiUif , cousinf--Herconsideredita- tion. co-opera- Minerva E. Farmington, Aug. KnowIvTon. 11, 1892. ; . 