186 VV ii. These varying duties jsuggfst a second set of topics: ,cbairma.n, and Mrs. Mary Stewart Armstrong, of the Elite News, Chicago, is secretary of the committee. : woman's work. a. As editor-in-chie- f. c. As contributing editor. As contributor or correspondent. ej. As news-gathere- r. EU3INLSS "V,;i . , MANAGER.' . IV. G ENERAL TOPICS. future possibilities for women in newspaper and magazine work; b. International copyright,'and the laws of a. The OMAN'S EXPONENT NOTICE TO THE WOMAN'S TRIBUNE Edited and published weekly at Washington ' D. C, by Clara Bewick. Colby. '" Price, Sl.00 a year. Trial Subscriptions, five weeks for 10 cents. ...y. i.i - STAKE, SECRETARIES. The Stake Secretaries of the Relief Society 'are requested io forward their semi annnal to reports of the last six months immediately ' the Assistant Secretary, Dr. R. B. Pratt. 206 N. Second West, Salt Lake City and be eure and send the address of the President and Secretary with the signatures attached. E. B. Wells, Cor. Sec. The Woman's Journal, of Boston, and the Woman's Tri- Dune, ox vvasningion, u, u will be sent to one ad dress for $3.00 per year. u " W. S. A. CON VEN HON. the eiiect upon .the individual woman of engaging in journalism? A Territorial Convention of the N. A. W. d. What is the effect upon the home life of S. A. of Utah will be held about the time of those who engage in it? e. What is the best training for journalism?' the April Conference, at which it is desirable there should be Delegates from each Auxiliary Can it be taught in the schools; he-Ter . The industrial andjcconiciaspectaf. ritoryj preparetrtoire 1 t ed thaJqueoncoinm E. B. Wells, Ch. Pub. Com. men and women editors, writers' and busipess managers Mrs. The preliminary duties of the Wrorld's Con Russel, of Topeka, Kan , has work the to a are been unify along appointed to succeed her husband, lately, gress Auxiliary to the stimulate deceased, as superintendent 01 the county world, given line all over lead to shall which V practical results, poor-farthought for "at the of and to arrange interchange yiews In the Iowa House of Representatives, thtf Columbian the Exposition in lb93. There is bill to women presidential suffrage was to be, in connection with the Men's Branch of refered grant to the woman suffrage committee, who s the World's Congress Auxiliary, a Press on Feb., 25 recommended its indefinite postfor the discussion of living themes. We four -- Republicans and all the also, propose conferences of press women, for ponement, more informal discussion of themes of special democrats voting against it. . . interest to them as workers. "The Writers' Club, London, was formally Woman's Association with Press Illinois The opened at No. 190 Fleet on Jan. 30. It has comsecured a at Chicago, headquarters provides a place where women engaged in mittee room in the Woman's Building, where literary and journalistic wotk can write in press womenjrom every part of the world will silence, dine, see the newspapers, and meet, be cordially welcomed and given .such': 'assist their friends. c. AY hat is .W-JSL-A.-- DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS " A ND STATIONERY, EQUI - POISE WAISTS, ETC. Dressmaking In all its branches, ITIllIinery, lats styles, Hats and Ilonnets cleaned and retrimmedt Feathers curled, etc. Stamping dorc to order. Buttons covered while you wait, lluriol Salts a Specialty. J.NU. RQ KJCj "NTn "HI I. south stiiijet, fiiist Three doors west. oOTuattrer- -- -t- Jn v Laprti4,hesgoia 1 on-repres- en .- JF. R3LTHOM&S - . - 26,28, 30 and 32 East 1st Sonffi'St, m. SAtT LAKE CITY; Con--gres- The Leading Retail ' ' . The committee for women's - -sembly Hall of the same building:- ThtrAssoy-ciation in the Press has also applied Building for regular women correspondents, where they will have the benefits of telegraphic and telephonic communications, with all other needful appliances. This, imperfectly sketched, is the work in which we invite the pres3 women of the world tccooperate. They can assist in carrying iton in the following ways: 1. By circulating this preliminary plan as widely as possible, translating where necessary that women of every tongue may .become u ain ted" w ith it. Send copies of papt rs in which it is printed to the chairman of this " work of-- THE 1 -- .i. .. ... - Utnninnrt PhiirtA m tun tin 11 in ifn & xWESTERR jru 1 RAILWAYI . . THROUGH THE . . n, ROCKY MOUNTAINS! . A LOVING TRIBUTE. - Choice of Three Distinct Routes, Resolutions of respect to Sarah Thornton Coleman who departed this life March 1st .1892, having been our beloved president of the Relief Society, for eleven years, from iS63 to 1879: we her in meeting assembled, deem it fitting that we record our appreciation of her labors. , VVhereasin the providence of Almighty .God, we have beeu called to mourn the loss of our beloved sister and friend.' who having led a noble life.worthy of imitation, we her sisters desire to testify to the same, and desire by the help of God to emulate her example. . Be it resolved, that we extend our heartfelt sympathy to her family in this their sad bereavement, having lost a loving mother and friend, desiring the divine healer of ajl sorrow to shed His benign influence, to sustain them in this their hour of trial. : Resolred, that a copy of these jjf solutions be presented ac-q- AXD THK HOST MAGNIFICENT RAILROAD SCENERY committee. IN THE WORLD. 2. Send the names of women in various countries who would do effective work as memTwo Fast Express Trains Daily bers of our Advisory Counsel. 3. Study the proposed topics, suggest others eacii way between you desire to have discussed, and send names of women you consider best qualified to take, OGDEN, SALT. LAKE AND DENVER. ' discussions. in the part 4. We wish a list of all weeklies and magazines ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR GARS! in all languages, edited or published by wo lEreso o" Clinrgo. men. Kindly assist in making this list complete by sending us the names of all such Direct Connections made in Union Depots. to-- ed papers. iSThtolSrSode" THE K0ST TE0E0UQHLY ITQUIPPED SAILWAY 5. The Press Conferences in connection with records, a copy sent to the woman's Exponent and to IN THE WEST. the World's Congress Auxiliary will probably- the Lthi Banner. Mrs. Martha P. Thomas, occur some time in May, 1893. All women's D. 0. DODGE, A. E. WELBT, J. H. BENNETT, ' Mrs. deleCenl. 3Bpr. send to G.F.AP.A. invited A. Barbara are Associations Snpt. Press Eva.ns, R MS. EE tCC A StANDRJNG, gates. Ther suggested basis of representation Mrs , Mary AnDavis, Ly is. one delegate for every twenty regular mem' ' '' Mrs Melissa ; Willis. bers. ; , - All communications in to this departregard TINNERS CAS.VATER & STEAM FITTERS ment should be addressed to Mary Allen West, MRS; M. E. VAN, M. D. Chairman, 350 Clareraont Avenue, Chicago, for KUMSEY'S celebrated LIFTand FOB-- ' Hustin PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders i'r a U. S. A. Mrs. Nancy Banks, of the OFFICE.324, 825 Third noorf ComlUulion BxOding V he cocntry promptly responded to. - Bureau of Publicity and Promotion, is vice- - BOtjRB-1- 0 a. m., to 4. 8 to 6p. m, ' CA7D JAM25. Bit 335. SALT LA 2 CIT7. ........ . co-labor- 1. therfamily7-be-alsoenter- - . . . ' -- ent - - r 1 - j Commission-are- : for-spa-ce " 1 the Princess English world's Fair , : president," Christian," of Schleswig-Holsteinthe Marchioness, of Salisbury, the Baroness Burdett-Coutt- s, the Countess of Aberdeen, Lady Alfred Churchill, Lady Agnes Buren, Lady Brassey, Lady Knutsfordk Lady Gallon, Lady Jeune, Lady Roberts, Mrs. Carmicbael,-Mrs- . Fawcett, Mrs. Bedford Fenwick, Miss Forcyth, Mrs. Priestly, Mrs. Roberts-AusteMrs. --Tyssen Amherst, and Miss Fay Lankester. ences will be held, and arrangements are made for a Press Woman's Conference in the As- ; TC HP i ) 