WOMAN'S EXPONENT! her mother bringing the intelligence when she came on a visit.. Soon after the Buells sold out and the following spring moved to Kirtland Ohio, where Sister Presendia was baptized on the first confirmed by. OlivefCowdery, of June 1836-anand her husband was baptized on the 9th of the same month. After receiving the Gospel her health was restored and she was again more cheerful than ever before since the unfortunate and untimely 'death of Tier little, boy.l.Septerober 8th, 1836, another son was born to Mr. and Mrs. Buell whom, they named Chauncey D. this little one only lived a short time expiring on the i.ct day of October about three weeks old. In Kirtland Sister" Presendia received strong ' testimonies of the faith she had embraced and saw many wonderful things, she was one of those who heard the heavenly music in the Kirtland Temple, and who saw the angels clothed in white upon the top of the Temple seemingly walking to" "and fro; thisjwas in" broad daylight in the afternoon. There was a great out pouring of the Holy Ghost in the Temple on that occasion, which was like a baptism of fire, for every one seemed to partake of the spiritual gifts aid blessings. It was a peculiar season of rejoicing, Sister Presendia describes one of the meetings in the TemplCin her own language -- thus. 'The whole congregation were on their knees praying vocally for such was the custom, at the close of these meetings when Father Smith pre sided, yet there was no confusion. The voices of the congregation mingled softly together. While the congregation was thus praying, we heard from one corner of the room above our. heads, a choir cf angels, singing most beautifully. They were invisible to vus; but myriads of angelic voices seemed to be united in singing some songof Zion and their sweet harmony filled the Temple of Exponent WOMAN Editor. RMMRLlbR B. WELLS, y, gate eastof Deseret News Office. . Business hours from to 5 p.mu every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to lLLLi . 10 a.m PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, . x Salt La kb City Utah. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Btcond Class Matter. t; . - Salt; Lake City, - - dis-play- ed d Published in Salt Lake Cityrj.tan Terms: me copy one year, f 1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 eta. Advertising: rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil discount spacef one time, 82.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal to regular advertisers. Bemi-moathl- possible to believe ; and through"' it all she the most , heroic courage, although her husband failed in his faith, yet she maintained the same 'unflinching integrity and unfaltering fidelity to the Gospel she had embraced, willing to forsake all and die if necessary. , In the. Spring of 1839; the Huntingtons were obliged to leave Far West and Sister Butll was left without one Latter-da- y Saint in that vicinity ' . t . .1 juc ucver bdw ucr myuier again, ior on the 8th of July following Sister Huntington died of the hardship and fatigue consequent upon the persecution and driving. On the 31st of Jan. 1840, another son was born to Mr. and Mrs. Buell whom they called Norman Oliver. In the fall of thatyear-they-Tnoved- -io Illinois and settled between Quincy and Nauvoo. Here they were living when the martyrdom of the Prophet and Patriarch took place.. Alone and in -sorrow Sister Presendia mourned, who can. de scribe her grief, no mortal being caul. tell the anguish of her sour when the shocking new7 came. Sister Presendia through much tribulation had the opportunity of receiving the ordinances of the House of the Lord in the Nauvoo Temple and escaped with the Saints taking her little boy Oliver, through the assistance of her eldest son George and afterwards assisted by friends through severe hardship and suffering; she at last reached a place of safely, this was during the severe mobbing and driving .'of the Saints in Nauvoo. She succeeded through struggles, pri yations, and numerous trials and difficulties in arriving at Winter Quarters on the Mo. river; she was very ill,almost unto death, and just about this time her father died at Mt. Pisgah. In Winter Quarters Sister Presendia bad especially wonderful experiences of various kinds-ma- ny of these are related in the sketch of her life published in volumes 11 and 12 of this paper. Sister Presendia came to the valley in 1848, having been previously married to Pres. Heber C. Kimball. Sister Presendia drove her own team,a good part of thT February" 15," 1892. IN MEMORIAM. Presendia Lathrop Huntington Smith" Kimball, who departed this life on Monday morning Feb. 1, 1892 was born in Watertown Jefferson Co., New York, "September 7, 1810. Her life has been wrftlen in the columns of the Exponent up to 1802 so we shall only mention a few of the most : Sister Kimbal! was the widow of Pres: Heber C. Kimball. Her parents were direct descendants of the Puritans and on the paternal side from Simon Huntington the noted Puritan who came over to America in 1633, and JSamuel Huntington one of the signers.of the Declaration of Independence,' Governor of Conn., and President of the Continental CongTess, was of the same family-Hernotherwas a New Hampshire woman grand daughter of a celebrated physician who traced his lineage from the Dy niqcks of Sir Edward Dymock, Queen, Elizabeth's champion. The Huntingtons intermarriecl with the Lathrops, another famous New England family from which Presendia gets the tame Lathrop as one of the representatives of ':r-- the family. y.:?.; .r'-Presendia Huntington is said to have been7 the exact counterpart of Eliza Huntington, who is given in the geneological book of that family as the type of the . race. She had a commanding figure and was really what one would term a magnificent woman physically; spiritually she x : ;r;;-----rG0d." At, another time there was what they called a pentecost, on that occasion the Holy Ghost filled -- far-seein- g; was born in Mannsville, Dec. 12, 1828 Mrs. Buell's j second son, Silas was born Dec. .25, 1831. and on the 13th of Nov. 1833, he met with a terrible accident, and was so badly burned that he died; thirteen hours after. Mrs. Buell was in delicate health and the shock to her system was so terrible that it brought on severe illness, during which time her third son was born March 8th, 1834, the child died the same day; they called hsm Thomas Dymick. Afterwards they moved to Pinbury in Lewis Co. and there they first heard of the Everlasting Gospel as revealed to Joseph Smith the Prophet, and also ot the $bok of Mormon. This occurred.in 183$, jlyinJhejjQjhei'jgin.i ' Then, the patriarch, clasping his hands exclaimed ''The Spirit of God, like a mighty rushing wind!" The Hunti ngtons and also Mr. and M rs. Buell went up to Missouri in the same company with Joseph and Hyrum Smith and their families; they settled in Clay Co. Mo. where they were living at the time the Prophet and other brethren, Wm. Huntington, Presendia's brother being one of the number, were imprisoned in Liberty Jail, where SisteV Presendia had the opportunity ,of visiting them, the first time with Father Huntington, Heber C. Kimball and Alanson Ripley; this com pany had the opportunity of taking dinner with the brethren in prison. Sister Presendia made with Frederic G. a second visit to Williams ; it was after that the Prophet addressed a letter to Sister Presendia which she has pre served in the Prophet's own hand writing as a precious memento dearer far than gold. Mrs. Buell had a child born in Missouri while they were living on Fishing River in Clay Co., in a very humble home,lhere on the 24th of April 183S her first daughter was born ; she called her Adeline Elizabeth; but this child'born under the circumstances, was not destined to ?1L the live, hardship had in all probability been too great and the excitement of those days when the country was full of mobs and armed men, was the cause of many deaths; the child only livetl four hours. f The persecution from various causes that Sister Presendia endured in Missouri during those dreadful times of affliction seem almost im -- . the-priso- n : . . , -- down in the Old Fort. Jan. 6, 1849, Sister Kim-.bahad a beautiful little daughter born to her, whom she called Presendia Celestia, and indeed she seemed more spirituclle than as belonging to to this earth. In the beautiful month of May the year.follow- jng this little one was accidentally drowrted in City This was a terrible blow to the afflicted . Creek. parents; the little one had endeared herself to all the family, Sister Vilate Kimball designated her, "The flower of the flock." This sad circumstance came near being the death blow to Sister Pre-sendia, who had already passed through so many ll , was'pnde'Tfatly';endodwiththbse':igiftirund graces o that surround one with a pure at-- , mosphere and help to lift humanity to a higher plane of thought and emotion. Although' Aunt Presendia,the name by which she was best known was decidedly of a spiritual temperament, yet she ' was thoroughly and particularly well ". w as a model balanced between the'.: twov-'Shhousekeeper and manager, economical and in her early life had been taught those domestic pursuits that fittedher admirably for her later pioneer work in new countries.' Miss Huntington was married at the age of seventeen, years to Norman Buell a young man of industrious habits and integrity and her first child a son called George who is still living in St. the house was startled not knowing what it was; to manyjt seemed as though the roof was all in flames ; even Father Smith exclaimed, "Is the house on fire?" Do you not remember your prayer this morning" Father Smith? - inquired a brother. - ; " " . ' , " ""3.""'"" trying ordeals. 3. When the work of giving endowments began in the old Council House, Pres. Brigham Young called upon Elizabeth Ann Whitney and Presen-- ' dia L. Kimball to officiate as Priestesses in the ordinances of the House of the Lord; there she labored in connection with Sister Whitney until the fall of 1851. On the 22nd of Dec. 1 851 her .son Joseph Smith Kimball was born. Sister Presendia looked upon him as a gift from the Lord and has often made the remark-- , "He" is to me an : Isaac indeed." After the death of Pres. Kimball even more than previously,Sister Presendia gave her time almost entirely to ministering and comforting the sick and.orrdwing.and visiting the organizations of the Relief Society in the several Stakes of Zion, wherever and whenever she was called to go. She also held the office of Secretary in the ' , 16th Ward. ... Sister Presendia was called to officiate in the Logan Temple at the time the work was started in that sacred edifice, and remained some weeks after the dedication, until she was released to re- , . : -- j , ':.r.: 