KXPOXEN1. WOMAN'S 1 tt r Exi '0NHN1. WO MA N'S I ! Editor. EMMEL1SE B. H'Ef.LS, in Salt Lake. City, Utah. Published Terms: one copv one year, Sr.oo; one copy, six rnonthst deliv- 50 cts. No reduction made I t clubs. City papers ercu uy man, ciut iui uv j v.--of non pareil lines ten Advertising rates: Each square, dis- space, one tune, 52,50; per inontn, 33 00 A liberal count to regular advertisers. E.K South Temple Street, Exvo.Nt.ST officeT No. Office. Business hours News Deseret of east second gate from 10 a.m. to '5 p in. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to ; PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, semi-monthl- Tuesday, July .. Entered 'at the Post second class matter Salt , in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Lake City, July. 1892: 15, , 12, was o' Salt Lake City, Utah. Of Pavson. Grantsville. Neohi and Jirigham City and mention other facts in regard to the progress 01 woman's work temporally. the birthday anniversary of Mrs. Elizabeth Howard, and a large party of her friends gathered at the beautiful grove on the Howard farm hear the old home-a- t Cotton Wood to celebrate the occasion, for the lady is a great favorite among her acquaintances. The people from the City went down in carriages, the big Utah conveyed thirty-twladies,, and other carriages swelled the number with the home folks. to about a hundred and fifty all told, the, greetings "and congratulations were delightful. The lady was surprised and astonished but she is accustomed to playing the hostess to large companies as r also her- - daughter, Mrs'. Kate Brockbank, and everything went off pleasantlyv picnic in abundance.and of the daintiest varieties; a nd a merrierpjnjiyj WoodmanseeVw ho "was the foreZTMrsEmily-H- . most in getting up the' surprise.had written a suitable, poem which was read, and other exercises followed, Nellie C. Taylor recited "The Coquette were made Punished," and appropriate-remarkMilo Andrus, C. W. Penrose, S. W. by Elders Richards, Bishop .Brinton, and several of the ladies, Mrs. Howard responding. Mrs. Mac'Far-lan- e sang "The Bells of Shandon." The day was fine and the company fully enjoyed it. At the time of departure Elder Lucas Howard closed the exercises with prayer. y, - in the various branches of the Relief Society. Sometime soon we hope to sum up our visits to NOTES AND COMMENTS. with all on board the train, President Angus M. Cannon escorted him introducing him to the people. They shook hands with about 1150 people. It was estimated that there were on the grounds at Payson, over 2,500 people, and of this number about 1200 were over seventy years old. The oldest person present was Jds. Rachel Dollinger, a resident of Payson, aged ninety-fou- r formerly Mrs. was oldest Sarah of Kentucky, the next lady also Mrs. Ann "Taylor, nearly, "Free, ninety-tw- o ninety two the two last, natives of England; Mrs. Jane Cornwall ninetyy: from Ireland, Mrs. Johanna Jensen ninety, from Sweden, of the gentlemen the oldest were Joseph HancocK, ninety-two- , and RejiJWininier-riinety,-bo- th of " PaysnTlTliTsomprises the list of those over ninety years of age. The exercises were under the direction of John Quigley of Payson who acted as master of ceremonies. The Payson band rendered a fine selection and prayer was offered by the aged was given SalTgalSoTuTnd- by Payson and Benjamin bands combined. Our San Francisco article is again postponed Gov. A. L. Thomas addressed the assemblage, but must really come in next lime, orvbe out of his remarks were in harmony with the occasion date entirely, though there is little danger offor- and expressive" of the kindliest sentiments followgetting the ladies or the points of special interest. ing is a brief synopsis: There is never room enough for all the editorial "It was a grand sight to see so many aged permatter in our little paper. sons present, notwithstanding' the heat, and he of S. W. A. of the first the deemed it one of the greatest events of his life to day July Friday Calder's at celebrated Lake Park, be present among so many old people, where wSalt County, of and and the the grove, quiet such careful attention, respect and reverence repose enjoying is water. a the OlsenVband were paid to them. In other States gatherings having saij upon in attendance at the pavilion and the music was nf old nprsnns fint thov rnuld tint linrnmmnn vw ""u vU r r - r - Ufrp " indeed delightful. There was a programme of ,not equal Utah in their concern for silvery hairs suitable exercises in the afternoon, of which and bent forms. There were present many of OLD FOLKS' GALA DAY. a At formed evenrefreshments early part. dainty the original settlers of the valley, persons who by beautified the scene and electric the the lights ing Wednesday, June 29, was another gala day for their toil and labor paved the way to the comfort boats upon the water, the music floating in soft the bid and affluence enjoyed by the present generation. people, and notwithstanding the heat, melody made the effect quite exhilarating and and the distance to travel, there were more than All honor, respect and veneration were due these restful. ever before, the Committee of arragements howaged veterans; when they first beheld, these nlt-olmot flu The terrible scenes that have been enacted of ever had prepared beforehand so that every one VallpVS nntMnf hilt CarM C9nro onrl rnea'dows7 pasture fields, and wasmadequite..corrifbrtab!er.and theTTtilroid 7cyrrT the union men who seem determined to ruin :the officials were kind and courteous and the whole growing crops smiled on every side, the result ' more or less of the early labors of these old people affair proved to be a complete success country is scarcely endurable from, a distance, Soon after starting the old people were whom he was so glad and proud to meet. This " enAitfrli V vhnr tvpnnlp uhn nrmn;t. tniffW . .. . regaled jwith lemonade, cakes and candy and delicacies was the fourth occasion of the kind at which he be witnesses of the desperate deeds one scarcely faces betokened the had been present, and he hoped by the aid of dare imagine. Surely the nation is in unrest and. and the smiles upon-the- ir Providence he would meet the old folks many what the finale will be unless a radical change is happiness they felt" in the pleasure anticipated; then the choir under. Prof. Beesley, serenaded the" times in the future. It was well that effected befere things have gone tco far, is quite practical of each car which could be occupants in made such a manner of the proof given eighteen serecapuausis anu aiamii, r i ttvu laborers would be a Catastrophe terrifying indeed nades, Prof. Evan Stephens came on board in goodness in the human heart, in thus honoring time to join the. singers; Elder W. C. Dunbar old age. and paying respectful homage to the and would bring in its train many 'other horrors. that such a crisis may be averted and peace take with his bagpipes rendered the 'Highland March" founders of a progressive community. Future in each of the cars; the train arrived at the place of contention the people should faivmuuua win )ci latuiQse-ptonee- rs oiesseu. Payson about n. 30 a7 m. quite a number of The band hope, pray and strive to bring about. played 'The Star Spangled Banner" aged persons had been fine in w. taken on a nave several stations on the at,the style, and then came an address of weli.,irt juyu jciucu in i ennsyi-vani" ... and. Idaho recently make one's heart come written expressly for the occasion by J. L. way.'";" quake with fear for the consequence if not The Payson silver band was playing at the Townsend, and read immediately clearly and forcibly by Miss under control. When mobs take the depot on the arrival of the train, and the "Payson brought Annie Worsencroft. tastefully dressed and draped law into their hands there is no safety or Committee assisted in getting the precious in the stars and'stripes of our .1 protecfreight "country. tion. Surely these are perilous times, and we safely unloaded; vehicles, vvere in ' for all waiting : WELCOME. , kriow not what a dav mav'brincr (nrtU who wished to ride and n hayrwas LD FOLKS' REUNION AT PAYSON, On the 7th inst. in company with President Z. freshly laid all the way for those who preferred to. " i he walk, school children in 1892. June Sunday 29, white,lined D. H. Young we attended three meetings at the way on both sides carrvine banners and 1 c wno wear tne silver crown v. Wiliard. It is a pretty little town and we Of a life complete with enjo3ed I ing ffagsrand the Benjamin brass band marched age, it very much. Several of tlie 3slrs came Ye whom wisdom gives renown over with the procession rendering suitable music At . from Brirham Citv and if vmc 1 t;m, Bher muc. iu uuc ' re heritage; " the entrance of the grove was a triumphal arch ; Old folks longfg membered. Sister Hnhhir.l ,..t 1:. everywhere held dear. 1 ,IIed with 'ears three score'arid tent the Relief Society there, isjapiritual-minde- d wilich S Velcomeryeattari-ctlvelwmhere, APietty enct.tatheH?cene-that"pr- e woman, and also praaical, km-- i Honored rnheSociety is 4n Sthted itself farther on. Long tables were ead men. ji uuuuicu xuutiU conutuoa. the sisters own a ha!L and under the spr trees Old with folks' sufficient snar tn day a cherished thought, granary and real estate as well and whsrixme -a Oft recalled in pleasant dreamsthousand people, and boun tifully supplied with ...v, niuuKnauLcs 01 me Duutlin cr. which it " " LT.eaching:,cliarity unsought" two stories hish, at,d well finished, I And that life is what it seems; , Wnv.,, take: couralrtf therefrom Xtrtamly-m- ay bright as glow the summer flowers UUA1VUJ J tk.. render any service arid waitedreadvdnrl Or the ripples ot the stream, vv. ..wuuuui is renteu to the City Council, upon their honored Let these fleeting pleasant hours guests in the most tender and courteous and brings them in means to manner, help in other direc-- " Brightly in thy mem'ry gleam. Governor Arthur L. Thomas tions. It. is astonishing what an accompanied the amount of party and his father and mother were nmnn, th Old folks! Ah! what honor this energy, pluck and genuine txtcutive ability the veterans over To have lived and toiled for years sisters have displayed in accumulating seventy years of The Gov' hat as pioneers the bliss i property ernor went through the cars andage. shook hands Of the . L.J , . s i his-mornin- -- -- 1 . i..-it- - uci-wcci- -- ly, : ' new-mow- " . . . c -- sf f- - 'Vysas. ofc ' I i . -- . presnnowjipreajs - 