75 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. While studying and making maps and charts for the livelihood of his family became convinced that by sailing due West a great Country would be--- discovered; 'and though there haol been lately some new discoveries made both by the Venetians and Portuguese yet when Columbus spoke-of-la- nd lying Westward it was received with derision ; but with the energy accompaning in or g icat iuuius nc inaue severai-voyag- es der to prepare himself for the great enterprise that he was' determined to attempt;, having laid his reasons JFor believing such a land existed, before King John of Portugal and importuning his assistance the king laid the project before the nautical and scientific men of his kingdom; they derided it; but tliat did not prevent the king meanly taking advantage of the plan obtained from Columbus of sending out a ship to examine the route, but they soon returned casting ndTcuieupoir theprojectT Columbus Disgusted and heartsore sought his native Genoa, where his theories were treated as the product of a visionary brain. lie met with no better success at the Court of Venetia but all his reverses could not divest his mind of the idea that he had demonstrated to himself as a fact; besides was he not led on by the hand of an g Providence? by this same powerful and beneficent 'hand, Weary, hungry and discouraged he turned his steps towards Spain, there he met wnth one who eyer afterwards thetstti a of convent in Andalusia at which perior to place-hsome bread and stopped beg water for his motherless child, the companion of his travels. This superior of the convent Juan Perez de Marchena himself a man of great learn- ing was so struck with the great ability and" reasoning of Columbus that he became almost convinced of the truth of his idea and determined to use his great influence and " over-rulin- a-fri- end, ; - but determined to wait no longer on the indifference of Ferdinand but mounting a mule which he borrowed, journeyed toward Santa Fe and now "was Spain in danger of losing the honor that might have been hers. But Columbus had left a friend at Court, and upon the representation that same Juan Perez Marchena to Isabella that Columbus was leaving; Spain, Isabella at once dispatched 'coTirierentreat ing him to return; this he af first, refused to do but t)n becoming convinced that it was at the request, and with the pledge of Tsa- bella herself, he gladly returned to her presence, and how his heart must have rejoiced when she assured him there should be no more delay, but pledged her royal word that" she would herself undertake the responsibility of the expenses of the . expedition, she would do it for her own crown of Castile offermsr to .pledce her. jewels rather than tail to ht out the ex pedition; for when Isabella had once put her hand to the plough there was no wavering or turning back; but she pursued her object with all the energy ot her nature, and so at last three small vessels were fitted out and put to sea on the third day of August 1402 only one of which was equipped with one hundred and twenty men ready to start in this adventurous enterprise; but with what were these vessels freighted? with the study the weight of eighteen of a life time. years of weary waiting, with the hopes and prayers ipizlsabellarputubove all by the in domitable will and courage of Columbus', and the trust in God which he manifested throughout his strange and eventful career. And they were guided too by that Almighty power who holdeth the winds and the waves in his hand and whose spirit inspired the heart of Columbus and led him on to his destiny. And sov a new world was dis covered and a new impetus given to the nations. And what a triumph for Isabella, when-on-thi3tiroiMarcli 149 r the small fleerof CSlumUus sailed into the harbor; of Palos. How different was his reception now than when an" unknown and obscure man bringing with him undoubted proofs of the great discovery he had made, than when he stopped at the door of the Franciscan bread - and water for his convent to ask-fo- r hungry child. Now all vied with each other to do him. honor, not only Isabella but Ferdinand knew that from henceforth the name of Columbus, would be knownand honored icf ever)- land, for not all the triumphs of Ferdinand, not when the standards of Castile and Saint James first waved from the to meet this true and loyal friend for when he arrived in Spain on the 7th of November Isabella of Castile, was about to cease to beat and her earthly career of usefulness and power was soon to be closed forever Isabella expired on the 26th of November 1504 at the age of. fifty four years having occupied the throne of Castile for thirty 7 years. But Isabella still lives in the hearts of thousands and as long as this vast Continent shall be inhabited by the tribes of men so long as the praises of the generations of children yet unknown shall ascend to the Most High for the glorious gift of Liberty and Freedom. As long as the anniversary or the discover)' of this great country shall be observed, so long shall we remember and claim for our own Isabella of Cas?: tile. Piiebe CYqung - , , , THE SPIRIT OF CRITICISM. A little mirror was once given to me on iwhich was pain ted,-B- e to my faults a lit- tie blind, and to my virtues ever kind." I never see those words, though the proverb is an old one, that I do not think what a great deal it means in everyday life. You think you would not say a disagreeable word about your friend for anything, and yet somebMyxoines up to you and talks about her talents, or her ; beauty,"" or " her ' goodness, and, almost unconsciously, you say, "yes, that is true, but and then you speak "of some minor fault. It is the wicked spirit of criticism rising up in you. I wish" that all girls, and when I say all girls I mean girls of all ages, would learn to subdue this, for .I cannot but believe, that these little these 'little criti-cisms 01 dress, oi manner 01 mode 01 r . fault-finding- s, . peeclr--oAvhatver4t-may-ber)tilyten- e and king and queen; he was kindlythe almost despairing man was listened to for the first time' with appreciation by the - ears of ' royalty. Isabella's powerful mind at once grasped the Geographical problem but she was won - more by the consideration-that-thereniga peopie ignorant 01 tne Christian religion and that to her might belong the honor, that through lending herself to the enterprise she would be the means of converting them to the faith in which she be- lieved. Ferdinand listened but coldly to any dem and madeupon his treasury he was "then engaged in a war long and expensive with Grenada and notwithstanding the desire of Isabella to assist Columbus, his cause was considered of secondary importance to the great national interest at stake; for though Columbus was treated with consideration and remained attached to the Court, he must have experienced all the heartsickness of hope 'deferred, when after a period of nearly seven years of weary nearer the completion of his object; for though Isabella still gave him Jiopes oflassistance.i her royal treasurr was so low she could hot accomplish he 'extraordinary effort being made; Columbus at last leeling- how little faith was to be put in princes, wearied with long waiting , determined to turn his back upon old Spain and visit the king of France, who had - received ht c-x.i- , aitmg-heirioundmimsei- fW - , vmttensome MeMlx us had not lost faith in his cause or in what he still believed to be his mission, . CapitelloMjr delivered to Ferdinand the keys of the Alhambra, not then was so much honor conferred upon Spain as when Isabella to pawn her jewels, and not the credulity of her consort . to fit but three small vessels and become a of a New World. It is necessary to pass over many events in, the life . of this great man ;.' throughout all its vicissitudes Isabella remained his firm friend; and when through the evil machinations of his enemies on his iritsrfm third vnvntrp he was brought back in chains to the land on which he had conferred so much wealth and honor,' it was the tears of Isabella of Castile that poured the balm of consolation into his wounded heart, and bleeding honor. of-fer-ed co-discove- rer . anr!-Jlirniir- li royal friend that he sailed on his fdurth voyage in 1502 but he was destined never more heart of 1504 the great brain and tender . -to- the mind smaller and the girl -- -make her- - self seem envious. And it grows on one so one feels so certain after awhile that one is going to see the disagreeable rather . than the agreeable side of everything. Nothing human is perfect. Just remember that. Try and think that if you can find faults in your friend, how many more can she find in you. Just run over the list on your ovn side. Everyone of us likes the woman who says pleasant things, and the say ing of them really creates the feeling of them; if you keep at it long enough, you will grow to see the very best in ererybodyf and the faults-wil- l be so d far as you are concerned . I once knew a girl who had the reputation for possessing a bad temper; her dearest friends said of her: "She is a dear girl, but what a quick tem per she has. ' ' She seemed to regard this as a sort of compliment; she spoke of her quick temper herself, and never realized that she was encouraging it by continually y talking about' and giving it" a7 criticism. This is only one instance of the encouragement of faults, "and what you and I want, my dear girl is the encouragement : .. entirely-obliterate- semi-kindl- oGariues. if with its help you cannot put down the little,, mean spirit of criticism. Ex. see Mrs. Potter Palmer said on Columbus Day that if the discovery of America was JtheLgreat';; eyexitUhgfiftQenth'ntgfyy "the discovery of woman is the great fact of the nineteenth century." Ex......' . " 