WOMAN'S EXPONENT. a season of recreation enjoyment, lawn fetes, picnics in the .canons, This seems to be known that the woman suffrage cause is growing in popularity every day, and that alone is sufii cient indication of its ultimate success. Woman's Exponent. and' ex- -. cursions here and there; lake bathing and all sorts of summer festivities aie being indulged in arid .young ; the city- - never presented a fine r j d by-ol- EM MRUMi WRLL. 21. Folks Excursion "to" Payson oiT ; Wedroses have been more, in Salt Lake t;Hy, Utah -- Terras: nesday June 29th, wasjlie largest and. one of the appearance, the June lubl)he4 t n couv one vear. tl.Xh cue cony" six "m.iiths. .'0cts. No most plesant "outs" they have ever enjoyed. nlentiful than ever ;"and.it does seem indeed a reduction muOe for clubs. City nuj.- delivered 'by mnil, We intend to give it somewhat in. detail in... our delightful pleasure to have a profusion of flowers-I"extra for potage 6Ai year, 25 cts. the country too vegetation - though late gives next issue of the paper, but as copy was just about Advertising rates: Each square, ten line of nonpareil A libeml discount all in before it took place, we can only make promise of a plentiful harvest, and everywhere, pace, one time, M.X); per mouth';"83.00. "around peace and plenty smile upon the people. to regular advertisers. brief mention of it here. It is certairjlya Ex ro.NE.NT office,. Ko. 25 K.. 5uth Street, have little for the aged who I , Mus, Amelia.F. Young returned about a week NewsOiEce,- - Business hours hoia l'j.m. ateaAof opportunity for pleasure and it is very noticable to 5 p.m. every daTi cxcci t Sunday ago fronv abroad, where she has been making thaHhey look fovvard to irwith a- happy-anti- ci.Address-al- l business cotnanmicittionn to the continent-and-iho w I those each vear. nation .. Surely WOMAN'S succeeding I'VniAHlKli EXl'ONENT, Great. Britain, having been absent more than a this Salt Lake City Utah. means benevolent to of their, enterprise give and during that time sojourned in several cf must feel abundantly blest in return in witnessing year, ' Entered at the Jjst Office in &ilt lake City, Utah, ax the, large cities long enough to visit the most at-Htcoiul CIcut Mailer. the happiness they bestow upon the aged infirm tractive places of interest. Like most travelers and comparatively helpless who are slowly but ' .Mrs. Young seems to have been best pleased with Salt Lake City July i, .1892. surely descending the hill of life. The D. &R. G. Paris, though she has enjoyed being in "and sightrailway people have been most magnanimous seeing London, also Berlin, Iternemd in placing their cars 3qd.j:.ugmeajJ,U OUKSTIONS OF INTER EST. "clues as well as those ijot quite so famous. Mrs. the Old Folks Committee; too much cannot be Young is looking remarkably well and her wel- The subscribers will perhaps notice that the .said in their praise,.and this time a. larger com.comThome waslriost cordial, for she is sincerely paper is in new dress this time and it is hoped pany went out th'afT ever before; one thousand beloved and greatly admired, by her friends in that very soon other improvements may be made; people over seventy years old were aboard the ., ', Utah. it is really desirable that the subscription should train at the lime of reaching Payson; ' some" of be increased sufficiently to warrant its being pubthem were taken on at different stations on the There seems to be a positive movement now. lished weekly, instead of semimonthly. route. The good people of Payson were more regarding representation for Utah at the World's gents should make an effort in this direction, it would than hospitable, they were magnanimously genFair in, Chicago. We hear of plans for the buildbe a laudable ambition and remember how much erous in their preparations to entertain the veting, and as we have repeatedly heard a beautiful more reading matter you will get for the same erans, and carriages and teams; wire in waiting site has been assigned to this Territory, it is but on tne arrival 01 tnetram.nanus 01 music playing, price. natural to think a handsome building will be ana iortnose wiio cnoe to walk?swectlresh hay erected thereon. A Committee of ladies has There are" a number of things to be written had "been spread all the way from the depot to the been appointed and will doubtless commence about that ve hav'e not space for this issue, viz. grove which was soft and fragrant. Sunday School work in their department of the undertaking our California letter, visits we have made with children with flags and banners lined the entire right away. The ladies are Mrs. F. S. Richards distance, an 1 when the grove was reached the ' the sisters to Tooele, Box Elder and Juab Stakes of Salt Lake, President, Mrs. F. D. Richards of to attend Sisters meetings and conferences, of long tables spread with the bounties of the earth Ogden, Vice President, Mrs. J. N. Dart, Salt and every delicacy of the season werejn waiting; Lake L. M. 1. A. and P. A. w hich Relief Society,-YMrsrGeoT Thatcher, Logan;lrs."Eircta" menand maidens with white young and dainty caps Ilullock, Provo, Miss May Preston is Secretay of w'ere very interesting enjoyable. Sisters Z. r and 1 lie Old - n n - happy-occasio- , 'ft-mpl- e . Dew-'re- t tuitea-atendeii-lour--o- ! n ii 1 , . . . ; . - , ' - : . . -- -- . aprons, colors vied with each other in attendance upon the party. The flags, banners and festooning with bunting, tents and stands for the speakers at the of un grove gave the whole affair cut-dosuch indeed it was. banquet and These excursions are of all nationalities and creeds, and irrespective of race or color. It has become an annual custom, and one that seems" likely to survive for the young people growing tip in our midst enter into the spirit of it, and will perpetuate the practise when those who inaugurated it shall have passed away. Uai.A'oun.15, have been among the speakers who have been visiting at these places. At Brigham City we had the pleasure of seeing and hearing the Primary children at a Concert in the Ooera House 'which was a very grand affai and vou Id have been a credit even to young people... The little folks did some fine acting. 'At Nephi we also had a woman suffrage meeting in addition to the vvomens' Conferences. Sister M. Isabella Home has been traveling through parts of this. Stake holding meeting in the various wards.South Cotton Wood, Mill Creek, Taylorsville and others. vthelkard-The eorr well qualified for the positions to which they are called, and it is hoped they will have the support and influence necessary to successV-frem-t- he gehlTemen -- ofthe-committ- ee or large. - and the people at r-- ' SARAH G. RICHARDS. One by one are being gathered home into the higher spiritual life beyond, those who have assisted in laying the foundations broad andr deep and strong, of the Latter-dawork in this dispen i uereare so many subjects pending one might sation"MfsrRichards whose 'demise we here rennOTORIALKOTES. With propriety treat upon editorially that it is cord was one of the early converts to' the Gospel difficult to decide which is the n ost important, or Mrs. Susa Young Gates, daughter of the late in England. A woman of rare attainments and what would be the most acceptable. The great President Brigham Young, and editor of the of the most sensitive and refined nature. Modest question of the next President of the United States and unassuming, she devoted herself Young Woman's Journal left this City June 16, exclusively is to most people, a very exciting public matter, enroute for Boston cr rather Cambridge to take a to her family and a few choice friends. and in the two great conventions as well as in the summer .course of Jasiaitiii4ivHkerature at: 7' She loved the truths o heaven livealed in prohibition Convention, in Cincinnati the pubHarvard College. ' this day and age of the world and was lic sentiment of the parties has been made apparready to make sacrifice for the cause any she A embraced with very pretty gift and much appreciated was ent, or one might say parjy spirit has at least been all her heart. Levi Richards husband of the Dry that of a box of pressed ferns and exhibited, however all things considered everyfrom deceased in died and lady h the Sandwk Islands and the" box contained now they have 1S76, thing passed off as well as could be expected and doubtless been united where Relief there will be no even more harmoniously than might have been unique Society badges, such as were worn- more or pain parting foreyermore. One son Levi cy tne native sisters these on Jubilee Day, March thought judging by appearances. So far so good, -1 but the end is not yet reached, but lor the 17. tie badges were for Ziua 1). H. Xnv.n ;,,wt 'MWMiUj uicni, ins motner was goud hir Counst lurs including one for the name of our great Republic it is 10 be hoped wenare and care while she was living. A was a very prensfemernbrauce of their peaceful good order rr be -- maintained n,t i sisters more extended notice of her life and death will be disposition tobear dissappointment bravely if onv i far aw;1' given at another, time.. She departed in peace uie losing siae. omta are as deeply interested We acknowledge with grateful thank w'ith her son, his wife and other in tins grave national matter deax ones around- . . J mfettarvpossiUrousiTtsKnKit T)e and havfc nc j ana so iiciueusiue caim.and serene was. her de- .vi muic itt oiaKe. it irunr uie garden, sOme from the mtain side,, ; parture that those who were near could to be proven what e ither party will do for . . . scarcely ...2-i iiirr u tt ff i oil hiar ni. .. juiii v, ii j was possib.e the beautiful spirit had . 'viii) iit- cuuMiif rai le innuence with the Republican narty, but whether it is sulli-cie' P death occurred, in the afternoon of IrvirTio "Zt lZ even with all he and the w nose association of the Nr. . . A. W. S. A f, . I. owen, Betsy Glover, Jame duce any positive effect; or radical cl as-surre- . y -- sea-wee- d " -- editor ! 1 1 X I k ih,. 1 1 -- 1 nt abiest-co'orker- 11 fcYiTtSrW - -- - s v i testing t an. I : . , . .. : , v ,:- ' rrize.Uiem all. I their works do follow them." - 