WOMAN'S trim home. To attempt telling all Sister Preseh-dia'- s labors for the good of the daughters of Zion in blessing and instructing would be impossible, but-shhas finished her earthly mission and has received the plaudit "Well done 'good and faithful servant." She made great sacrifice's for the Gospel and remained steadfast through all. Her last illness was not very long, she took a severe cold and coughed a great deal, suffered some from acute rhumatism but there is little doubt tbaMhe ailment to which she succumbed e DO-dou- la grippe. Loving hands and tender, ministered to her wants arid were "ready to anticipate her.wishes from the time she was taken sick. -- Her sister Zina Young and- her son Joseph wcrewjtbl . . , ner consianuy, ana mere was no lack of skillful help for she was very greatly beloved by the sisters.. ' . Sister Kimball passed away peacefully at last as though falling asleep, at seven o'dlock on just was J , - - friends around her. It was certainly a beautiful death, if death it can be called. The funeral of Sister Kimball was held in the Assembly - Hail in this city ' Feb. 3, the body lay in state from nine until eleven at which time the services began; the stands and pillars were draped in white with trailing smilax en- -- twined M w. lilies, emblems .of purity, in vases covered with white drapery ornamented the stands. The casket, was pure white and very elegant, and covered with flowers in various artistic wreaths, stars, pillow etc. But the calm and pleasant face ... M V V. Inere was a large concourse of people m at tendance and upon the stand were Presidents Geo. Q. Cannon and Joseph-JVSmjRheFirstH and the some of Presidency Apostles and other men.. Of the Presidency of this Stake leading Pres. Jos. E. Taylor and Pres. C. W. Penrose. Pres. Jos. E. Taylor presided, the singing was by the Tabernacle choir under Prof. Evan Stephens th exponent:. in the next issue of the paper. We have on hand several notices of deaths of our. good sisters who ence that we would have, were we strict in the observance of these requirements. We would lose the spirit of the Gospel, and be classed with hypocrites, and what is worse than a religious hypocrite, they are despised by She honorable, and upright wherever they are found. S. M. P. have gone, resolutions of respect etc., also Relief bociety reports that- - await publication, but will use them as soon as practicable. On Thursday Feb. in 4, company with Mrs. E. Howard we went to American Fork to attend an annual meeting 0f the Relief Society of that place. A report of twenty-fou- r years work was presented FAITH"! which' made .a magnificent showing of what had been accomplished in that time. Mrs. I have been one of the many that have looked Mary S. Hindley who has presided over that Society from forward to the year 1S91, for something of unthe date of its organization, and has been a "most usual importance to occur; for some scene to be efficient and really executive manar. . wourid-urvf- or that is what the prophecy states able to attend the meeting on account of a that was uttered having 14th of February 181c. severe cold and cough, her. first I and claim to have faith in God and in His consequently Counselor, Mrs. Ellen Clark, presided. Mrs. servants and therefore I believed that it any Mary John, Pres. R. S. Utah Stake and Mrs. prophecy ever came true that one surely would, Emily G. Cluff her Counselor were bresent from jl.u?.Lhav.e been uttered by the Spirit of God; and there was an " it could scarcely "be otherwise at such a time exc$r&tiinXZ "both meetings afternoon and evening. when the Twelve Apostles were being blessed Bishop Ajco. riaiiiaay manitested great interest in the and set apart to prune the vineyard for the last slsterslabors and spiritual work.. The subjects time, (even 56 years should wind up the scene) treated upon were the general work: of the Relief and while nothing happened seemingly as I Society, ministration to the sick, the needy, and thought it Shnilld VM it A'l nnf cVctrn m f'.tU f. the sorrowing; the elevation and advancement as the Lord says though the heavens and earth well asnfranchisement of woman, the care; and Should na5; .a vu a v" nn n r training of children the mother's influence, should fail. SO I was willin-- 4. tnv hl fcw.iv.w nidi healthful and proper amusements, hygiene and though I could not see it this prophecy had and the physiology, coming Jubilee on the 17th of actually been fulfilled, and that if I would waff In March, also preparation for exhibits at the patience the day would come when I shonld know World's Fair in 1893. Tlz visit was a very AU.1 was thinkinij about these thincs one dav pleasant one, and the sisters and in fact the when lo 1' it struck me like a flash. What about brethren as well, all seemed to appreciate the the scene of peace? surely is not peace' taken benefits and blessings to be derived from the or from the earth? Is not the whole world in comand woik influence of women. The only motion? Do we not hear of wars and rumors of ganized drawback to the pleasurolthejDieei.ings-wa- s the -- warsrareionne-wicked are slaving the wirked. ' absence on account of illness, of the honored and there not earthquakes and famines and pestilence venerable President. in divers places, and dreadful accidents by sea and by land? And have we not had judgments in ithe house oLtheXord, are not some of us even EX A M P LE IS B ETTER THAN PR EC EPT. now being sorely tried, and have we not as a peo- ' on-th- e f -- -- 1 -- - l- 1 1 tSM andu.2S: excellent,, t hi first HvVrvjv-" Farewell all earthly honors." The openingvprayer was offered by Bishop .0. F, Whitney, singing the beautiful hymn, "When first the glorious light of truth.'' . Pres. Geo. Q. Cannon addressed the congregation in a very interesting manner, referring to the condition of spirits after death, reading concerning these things from the Book of Doctrine and Covenants. Pres. Jos. F. Smith followed, after reading some extracts from the Book of Alma, he spoke upon the resurrection and the conditions " The' truthfulness of this, saying has! been proven a great many times. We cannot put confidence in a person who is continually breaking the rules he prescribes for others. We may consider the counsel good and see that it would do us good to carry out these pre cepts, but unless the person lives up to the precepts he inculcates Jiimself,(or herself as the case might be), it does hot come with so 'much : force. Then how necessary it is for each one to set a good example, and not.by our acts cause others to do wrong, thereby onngirg a double weight of condemnation upon ourselves. If we would all hereafter. strive to exert an influence for good, with our fel Much good instruction was given, after which the low creatures, we would not listen to evil reports v , choir sang" , concerning a brother or sister. We would have ;.. :, VRestr'rest for the weary soul."-rthe. spirit of charity arid not Judge hastily or The benediction was pronounced by Apostle rashlyf for "charity covereth up a multitude of L.ei us oe so niicu wnn a uc&ire lor ine John Henry Smith, a long cortege of carriages .Sins. followed the remains to the cemetery; the. grave goocMor others, that we will have no room for the indulgence of those evil traits, envy and was dedicated by Apostle F. M. Lyman, thus closed the' funeral services, for our departed jealousy. The Spirit of God cannot dwell in the hearts pf those who give way to these spmts,tbey sisterj and she was laid to rest with the beautiful Snnw all omtinrl her mhf pmatir nf the miritv Of cause us to look; with an evil eye upon the char. a higher life beypnd, whither, she has gone to, acters of our associates. We cannot see any good in them, their acts are turned to evil. But meet a host of loved ones. is better than Her son George Buell who resides in St. Josepji to return to our subject 'Example Precept," our teaching would have but little force Mo., arrived in time to attend the uneral, though were we continually breaking the rules, we were too late to see her again in life. fryirig; to enforce upon others. How can we impress it upon tne minds, ot EDITORIAL NOTES. indulge others that slander is a terrible sin, if our ourselves, of rieigribors habit in the vilifying In future the address of the President of would they not throw it in our teeth and say. .the Relief Society Mrs. Zina D. H. Young will be ''practice what you preach." If we are con" No. 146. 4th St. Salt Lake City, Utah. tinually breaking the Word of Wisdom, which the Lord has revealed for bur guidance, how can On account of the sketch we publish in this benefits to be derived by issue of Sister Presendia L. Kimball, and some we show to others the the disuse of those articles mentioned in the other important matter, the story, "In Rural wa 317 - , . Word of mMMMi ' ...j.. " Ot. J J W ' last ten years. . And while some assert that our own land is in a state of peace vet in the year '91, we were fighting with the Indians. I was satisfied with this explanation. What a picture the world would I - ...... rama with its scenes of distress, its strifes, and its turmoils I thjrjcwg should exclaim as the Pronhet Tosenh said u'p should. '0 f .nrA !.nt nut the'visiorri" and yet the Savior says that these things should be but the beginning of sorrows. Then where Ob, where will it all end? How truly thankful we should be that we are numbered with the people of God, that we are gathered out w me nuim miu nii uuiy uiuum&ius wnere ne can and will take care of us- - If we are faithful notwithstanding we may have . to endure many trials we know they will be for our purification and the Lord has said according to our trials so our strength should be, if we would but trust in1 " :v. v Him. ' Then Lord to thee our hearts we'll raise, Iff songs of everlasting praise,' That we are numbered with the blest, Where we may lie in righteousness. Where we may dwell till strife is o'er, Then reign with thee for evermore, . R. M. F. MO . UTAH WP. CLUB U. W. P. Club met at the parlors of Erath M. Fox Jan. "30th 1392 Pre. E B. Wells in the chair. Exercises opened with prayer by Suea Y. Gates. Minutes were. then read and approved with one amendment. Committee a on nominated and sustained as follows by-Iaw- 