WOMAN'S 44 WOMAN'S EMMEL1NE D. I Editor. in S;i!t LAc City, Luh. Published Terms: one copy one yeir, $1.00; one copy six months, deliv50 cts. No reduction made f r clubi, Cuy pa;xrs. ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Rich square, ten lines of Jjonp.ueil disspace, one time, $2.50; per month, 5300. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exro.vtNT office, No. 2; E., South Temple Street, second Rate east of Deseret News Office. Business hours from xo a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to semi-monthl- y, " Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post Ojfue in Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter, September 15, 1892. AT HOME AGAIN. Aeter an absence of four weeks from our post "lliujytry stay here. - But God knew best and 'He and He taketh away." Friends were near with kind words and hearts to do all in their power for those so bereaved. Gifts of flowers brought with messages and everything that affection visit, we returned home to assume the every day work of life. Many changes have taken place during that time some that were very sad; a beloved baby grandchild had been called home, though perfectly well when we went away, and we were unable to reach here in time to see her sweet face once more; how little we know when parting from friends for only a short time what may transpire ere we meet again. While away we did not send home sufficient copy to get the paper of September 15, out on time and therefore must ask our patrons to forgive the delay." In our next issue we will publish some notices which ought to have appeared here, viz: the death of the venerable and able woman Ernestine L. Rose and also that of Geo. Wm. Curtis, another Apostle of the Woman's cause. .. We also hoped to have made some notes of the suggest ' givcth loving sorely tender could . Wednesday morning August 31, the immediate family with relatives andfriends,bringingthelittle casket with them came to this City in a special car; at the depoi here they werfe met by President George QrCannori and the other relatives of both families, Cannon and Wells, and the procession proceeded toJthe cemetery, where the funeral services were held in the jppen air. Apostle Abraham H, Cannon having charge. A quartette of young men led by J. D. Spencer sang (I need thee every hour," etc. 3ariddmtmdnssclti F. Whitney made appropriate remarks lar line in Salt Lake City, of.which we were formed until Jifter our jeturriJi6m ticipated his being already in San Francisco, whither lie intends' to go about the first of October. Really there are so many things that deserve special mention and there is so little space in a small journal that one cannot do justice, but we shall hope to make some good notes for October I, which will soon be here, and also the Conference and the Territorial Fair which brings many people consequently mi. -- portant news nd business to tfie City. 7: The Woman's Department of the World's Fair have been holding meetings and making some progress in the work of organizing and distributing information, circulars etc. Abroad in the wprld things do seem to be hurrying on to a climax and events significant of momentous changes are transpiring. Prophecies of the Scriptures and., of modern prophets are being .rapidly fulfilled so that 'He express- - tives and eloquently protraying the light and glory of the life beyond. The quartette then rendered the beautiful ' f hymn, "Shall we meet beyond the river" etc. . Apostle Abraham H. Cannon tendered thanks to all who had been helpful and kind during this time of grief and afflictionand President Joseph E. Taylor offered up ta ferventj)rayer-dedicatin- g andcohsecraling theg;round,then the white casket containing the body of little Eleanor was laid in the grave. The floral offerings were numerous and of the choicest varieties of flowers, and beautifully arranged, in almost every form, starsy wreatfis crosses, baskets, pillows, gates ajar, bouquets' and loose flowers, not a single spot that was not covered with these emblems of purity. ""1Swe'eiIy sleep thou little darling," Angels sing thy lullaby, Gentle vespers softly breathing Of the sweeier-by- e and bye d." ' The Convention of the Pacific Coast Woman's - present status of the troubles and the conditions as existing on the ground, the U, S. Soldiers and officers who have been ordered to the scene of the late riot and who-- , they are etc. The companies were called from Ft. Keogh, Ft. Sherman, Missoula, Spokane and Vancouver, and aniong them were some officers who had been stationed at Ft. Douglas in days gone by, arid knew Utah and some of her people well. We met in Wallace, Captain W. W. Mc'Canr mon a most polished gentleman and withl scholarly attainments, who remembered distinctly Bishop John Sharp, Captain Hooper, Horace S. Eldredge, Esquire, the Hon. Wm, Jennings and other leading men, and spoke kindly of old' friends and acquaintacces-i- n Salt Lake City, asked particularly after Mrs. Jennings and the daughters, also the Hooper girls and some others. Leiut. Patterson' was another of the officers who had'pleasant recollections of Salt But one dead lamb is there! There is no fireside, howsoe'er defended, But has one vacant chair." Eleanor Adey Cannon, infant daughter of John Q. and Annie Wells Cannon, was born in Ogden, January 24, 1S91, and died at the family residence there August 29, 1S92 atthe age of one year, seven months and five days. The little one's illness which was pronounced cerebral spinal menengctis only lasted two days and on the morning of the third about seven o'clock she fell asleep to waken ro more until the resurrection morn. The father, mother and little brothers and sisters were with the dying babe who breathed her last in the fond mother's arms. Never was a little one more tenderly be- -' loved; all that love and constant care and altcn- - PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Lake City, " IlThere ii 110 Hock, however watclied and tended, - Salt ,.and laugh and discuss politics, or the live question of the recent Strikes as though they were traversing the safest route in the world.' Talking of Strikes reminds the writer of the tive in' manner and expression, .she was endeared to all and had entwined herself so ,clostly about the hearts of her parents and little brothers and an sisters, that her departure must indeed leave aching void in the previously completeand happy ' household. Exi ONE NT. VEILS, KXi'ON'KNT, " Press Association will be held in San Francisco Sept. 2i, 22, and 23. Miss G. L. Brown of this to attend its sessions, we too City has gone had hoped to go but were disappointed at the last moment, in fact there is too much to do at Leiutenants who recently entered the service at Vancouver, and Ft. Sherman who knew one of our boys now at West Point, "Brie," Briant S. Wells. The ladies at Wallace have taken considerable pride in entertaining the military, and have we believe made their sojourn less tedious at an) rate than it would otherwise have been. Of the camp at Wallace and the hospitable people we will have more to say later on, but in thi article we were describing the stage line to Murray andthe appearanceoilhe countryr which is very like in many respects, dear old New England, the pine woods are just as fragrant, and the hemlock boughs as gracefully drooping, and the ferns very similar, though the mountains are higher and the newness of the whole, strikes one as entirely at variance with the well-wor- n roads, and hard troddenatim'athrough4hE ""WPoHs. Then again the miners cabins and min- ing tunnels are totally unlike anything in the Jkast;4iow men have: the courage: rand :rdiliph"Ce to drill the solid rock as they do in these places and invent ways andmeans and put in machinery, blast and drill in these mountain regions, and bring to the surface the silver and gold in such rich quantities, is indeed wonderful. A great deal of precious metal has been taken from this part of the country known as the Cceur D'Alene's 'arid still the miners are prospecting and delving into the mountain sides.-an-d ths supply seems to be sufficient to keep a large number of men constantly employed at a fair per ceiitage for their, labor. To say the scenery is grandly picturesque does not half express its beauty and therefore we leave it to the imagination, and content ourselves with telling some features of the landscape, and the sentiment of lofty grandeur it inspires, After passing some way side towns and an" attempt at farming here and there, in a turn of. the road to your right is Carbon Centre; this place is nanieu we Deueve lor a prospect of carbon which proved false, but moregMeraHyJk Kavanagh ranch." There k a v& 1,, uiii- fortable looking, a barn and shed """JC, etc,, a sort of clearing, in what has the appearance of a strip of meadow; a garden and field well tilled, cows; pigs and chickens, horses too, we were told, and the owner and proprietor who has established herself in this lonely place and actually made these improvements is a youngish unmarried woman. She was born in Ireland, but has taken out naturalization papers in Idaho and holds legal possession of her property; knows how to defend herself in her castle in the woods, and is not afraid of anything. She owns some mines too, that she has discovered herselfandwoiks J r 1 PINES, MIXES AND STAGE LINES. From Wallace, Idaho, to Murray the Count" seat of Shoshone County, twenty-tw- o miles distant by stage line is a most romantic drive and positively delightful, if one has no nerves, or is utterly destitute of fear. The mountains rise to a stupendous height, and the road winds round and round from one mountain to another passing through deep ravines meanwhile, until at times on the route you may "gaze backward on four roads or'parts of the same road over which the stage has passed. Those accustomed to the home. BABY ELEANOR. Sad indeed is the sudden jteath of La .little child all know who read the even though Scriptures is the kingdom of heaven." such "Of aright that Fair and sweet and beautiful was the little darling of whom we write. Intelligent beyond her age, sprightly in every action, winning and attrac- - 1. ,. , ! . 