WOMAN'S EXPONENT 153 The bill referred to passed the Assembly April EDITORIAL NOTE. ceived of her death after a lingering illness of a . a to some vote was of There oppo-69 34. 15, by few months. A woman of rare powers, her in, from Mrs. a Hall he Young, Presidentof representative, Tammany sitjon Jielief Society, fluence has been widely felt.1 An unfaltering which it is said aroused so much indignation as to and Mrs. Taylor, President of the Y. L. MI. A. fri end, her li o r k has bee n d evoted to the : have received official notice of the Biennial Meet- -' bettering of her'kind. She had the devotion r". carry the bill; following is the" bill. and "An act to prevent discrimination on account of ingof the National Council of Women which is respect of hosts of admirers whose hearts are sex at elections. to occur in May 1892, and will be held in Chicago ' well nigh broken in an irreparable loss. She was and at which time it is expected they will be the organizer and stay of the P. C. W. P. A. The people of the State of New York Kepre and, sented in Senate and Assembly do Eiiact as Fob present, as they are by virtue of the office they; none can fill her with the same tact and place lows: . hold Vice Presidents of the National . balance as she exercised; Section 1. Every citizen irrespective of sex Council. Important matters are. to be brought Today (Sunday) Ihe sad last rites of the Catho- shall hereafter be entitled to vote for all and before the Council relating to the International lie Church over her body were read. The Church in be this to State elected hereafter officer Council of Women which, will meet in Chicago was filled with mourning- - friends - who hadcome every vote of andon during the 'World's Columbian "Exposition, and to take a farewell glimpse of this noble woman and it shall be unlawful to make any dis- .will in all probability be the most imposing body whose life work ended all too soon. crimination between citizens on account of sex at of women from various countries ever gathered Alma Alden. such elections. in an assembly for the transaction of business San Francisco, April 24, 1892. No poll clerk, inspector of election .pertaining to the elevation of womankind through . Section 2. - or other election, officer or person fulfilling such the advancement of all that pertains to the higher or to refuse to shall re hereafter cultivation of the powers of the human soul. One duties, register ceive the vote of any adult citizen at any such of the advantages of the connection of these - election by resson of the sex of such citizen .pra- with 'and Internalional REPORTS. vTdeoTJuch citizens shall in all other respects Councils of Women is in bringing into contact possess the qualifications now required by law. women engaged in the various pursuits, occupaBOX ELDER 8TAKE. Section 3. This act shall take effect July 1893. tions and professions that are opening wider The quarterly conference of the? Relief In Kansas municipal suffrage was granted in avenues of employment and progression, and e 1887 and Gov. Humphreys of that State says "the Society of Box Elder Stake, convened in the of woman's freehelping to sound the vote of women has increased at each election." dom to all the world. Although perhaps neither Tabernacle, Brigham City, on the 8th of March At one of the City elections this year in that Mrs. Young ;or Mrs. Taylor can make it con- -' President Olivia Widerborg presiding. Singing state it is stated as a fact.that nearly every woman venient to attend this year on accounfof the long "How great the joy;" prayer by Anna Wixom; in the City voted and it was a grand victory for singing, "Great God attend while Zion sings;" distance, yet they will probably send letter? exIrea?urer8 report read by h anme Graehl. the better elements of society. "At Jewell the pressing their views upon the subjects under con- Counselor Zilla Rejes: "We need strength, women nominated a ticket and elected it." At sideration, and also pay their quota of percentage, from our heavenly. Father, to perform our daily Le Roy the issue was the closing of the dives and which it was voted should be paidat stated interduties in the right manner; we need to be vals during the intervening four years instead of joints.'.' At Newton the woman vote was very watchful and prayerful; we know the evil one large and a woman was elected a member of the paying so large a sum as one hundred dollars i3 working hard; let us try to set a proper exschool board. down. - ' : ample before our children. In Illinois the women are making good use of behooves .be us to Sister "It united, Harper: the ballot for school suffrage.- - In. Freeport in UTAH SILK FOR THE WORLD'S FAIR; as to such we live in a must merit the manner, that State" over four- - hundred men came out to approval of our heavenly .Father. ' vote, where last year there were only-- . fortyaJust; Editoit Exponent : Sidter Thorne: "My desire is to do my duty, to. keep a woman from being school trustee. Brother Graves, Supt. Utah Co. Silk Ass'n. at I feel it is good to meet together to build each At Evanston a conservative seat of learning the Relief Society Conference held in Provo on other up.' there was considerable enthusiasm, and a comwho are here, feel we Sister Dewey:. ''We the 15th inst. informed. the meeting, that Mrs, P. e mittee of woman suffrage advocates did effective of benefit xecieve the "latiD'gigelherjTwOir-pleas"P7 JenhTngs of Salt Lake City, one of the Ladies' work as soon as they Were positive the City Atour heavenly Father by feeling friendly" Committee for the World" s Fair wished' three silk which them was to not would vote, allpw torney made which they propose to wear towards one another." dress patterns n election. of the At Blooming-tountil the morning Sister Christina J ensen desired to do her duty. there,also a piece of Shot Silk for exhibition. The members for of voted Board the women Sister Harriet Hunsaker: "Let nothing 1,400 resolutions were sustained at the meet- following at Women .voted Galva, of Education. largely hinder us, that we can possible conquer, but try to come together and assist each other." Hillsboro, Joliet, Aurora, Salem, Princeton, 1. Be it resolved that we, members of the Utah and Counselor Mary Wright: "I feel we are a Nofmalj Centralia, Vandalia, ESiingham Co. Stake Relief Society, will do a!l we can to State the the where over school blest band of sisters; this organization ha3 been pretty well all meet the wishes of the Ladies' Committee in reheld. a great blessing to us; the spirit of the Lord is elections have been the eWorld's Fair at Chicago. gard men is to wake in our bosoms if we try to 00 our duty; let us So woman suffrage making up Be it resolved that the President of each 2. be prayerful. their privileges lest they should lose them. So -Ward Emilia D. Madsen was the next speaker, then TaYso good. As a rule irTall probabililyTf woto assist in the same. from their Ass'n. three men had the privilege of nominating they would singing: "May the grace of Christ." Benediction Be it an resolved that account of meetthis 3. by Sister Watkins. Afternoon session: singing': choose men or at least a majority of men. Wobe to Deseret the News sent and ing Exponent "Guide us Oh! thou great Jehovah." Prayer by men are vastly more generous towards men, than all those who have reeled silk or Bishop Dewey. Singing: "How beauteous are may asking men are chivalrous to women. 7 will that cocoons reel,to send word to Mrs. M. A. their feet." Wyoming as yet stands alone in the matter of of Pres. U. C. S. A. We hope to have the Sister Ilubbard: It is long since I have en universal suffrage andi has demonstrated the Till, active of these their Societies,, joyed-thprivilege of being here, on account success of political equality without limitations. services been enlisted in this of having industry poor health; it is my earnest desire to alIn the House of Representatives in Congress from first the organization in 1877. We have ways have the Spirit of the Lord in my heart, April 25", Clark of Wyoming introduced a bill sufficient spun silk to make one hundred and fifty to enlighten my mind; if we fail to receive which if it becomes a law, will extend the right of but wish those iavrng reeled silk or bles?ing3pt;i?i)Tjincwrrfaulf7 fof ourTather is franchise to every woman in the country over yds. fabric; good cocoons to confer with, us as early as always ready to pour out blessings upon us; we twenty-on- e years of age to vote for Representa--tlveTfcSngTwish- - to engage tnemces "of one" want toeivortriyor thesociety of the faithful. two or President Olivia Widerborg: "I feel the Lord good reelers. We desire to hear from is being paved with these stepping stones and those in has blessed us greatly; we have visited through interested Silk Culture and will be occasionally a corner stone is laid by some great to answer any question pertaining to the the Stake and found good sisters, that desire and grand woman in the structure of woman's pleased same, and will post the1 societies in the , near to do their duties; the Relief Society sisters are Temple of Freedom upon" which an imposing future regarding their appointment of committees ready to go and look after the poor and needy monument of honor may be erected by those who and the downhearted. I never saw a time and also what we wish them to do. come after. .with greater need for mothers and wives to M. A. Till, Pres. V. Co. S. A Majestically the world moves onward and with live near to the Lord; plead for the Spirit this great tide of humanity constantly increasing of God to assist you. The adversary i3 keen; . LAID TO REST. in knowledge woman is keeping well abreast of let us be united and keeping the straight and the time,and the figure of the woman representing 'Iilbty-wil- t Fecreiary ortnerw. p a Counselor Charles Kelly: "I hear you are to instead of of Mrs.Emilie Tracy Y, Parkhurst, has passed away-Las- t celebrate a ode carved women, breathing race Jubilee; fifty years have passed out of the cold marble. Thursday eve. the 21st inst, news was re since the Lord moved on his Prophet to organ, fe-w- -- cx-offic- io - , the-peopl- e, the-Natio- nal key-not- - j ? . itteeof -- co-operat- ion e , lso er r X" I r i f ' I I f i 