r7 WO M AN 8 7 - EX P 0 NE N i T most trying, you do not know Jane, ou have never loved, and you cannot possibly feel for me,or know what I suffer." iU: ZCK: A SONG FOR A MAN. a man the with personal plaint ! 'Away Away with the twanging of strings A song for ! .r e a ""ri : is 10 1 uroP soa 11? " obstinacy, if name t their cmm irancnise to which society last evnlino . r V. 31. Bickxell; - THOUGHTS ON WOMAN. centered- - in one-ende- self! Away with the pity of self and fie ! for thejnturned eye Turn the eye outward, and lo! there .arc. the earth' and the sky. (0, friend, arise ! Short the day and sad is the frown ' pf the evening. rv ... '. . .. :7-...,- .. single-blessednes- a man!- - These singers who pipe small and fine, Who sing of a gown or a glove, a vase, or aiady's pper dressed dandies in verse iambic-setter- s in trade Why should we listen to these.when to today there is full ' ' 7 u on the air ... AH the good urrison, drum, trump and clarion, - , Tealinga song for man! eye-Da- - . , 7 ' 1 The child and the woman, pejhaps, chord to May have smaller music to hear, with ' alarm. Who Ukes may sing of true love, the lie of the ages, and ' he Who likes may bewail the false love which liker is true All little, light, of no worth! ' But say, to what key shall beset , .An.unpoisoned song for a man? song for a man! no-smiti- : - You'll catch it "at dawn, WTierTtIe"milkmaid and plowboy go forthT ou'H hear it at evening, at noon, : When the axeman is wielding his blade. 7 You wiil hear the wheels take it and droon; And so will the note be set, Vibrant and stinging in joy, And you'll sing though your eye should be wet. You'll catch it and know it, and sing " That the heart joyed" in labor, alone,-- " Is the one that can know or can feel Or be home for a song for a man! E. Hough. And then He made the lassies." 7' " iTi:;; beyond mcare, be fur the . ?, 1 - a . aid'-herin-doiric- E. II. E. - J thetherialftifherxitizehheir r" ;''7 7"'""Tr The education of 7, or-w- own prosperity. We must be acquainted with the great issues of the- day; the two National Parties. We must decide for ourselves what our - . 7. politics are. The women of to day aru rearing their children as the proud matrons of ancient Home reared so many great Romans. In the near future they will be entitled to a greater credit in lnlern times than is due the proud matrons of ancient Rome. New York courts have, recently rendered the decision that while a woman is entitled to money earned out?ide her home, yet the husband ha3'a right to her services not only in household work,, but in any other manner which he may direct. "Such services as she renders hira, whether within, or without, the ' "I fran-chi'e- ? our sex is the feature, which will determine our success in the future. We must educate, must perish in our the Spanish .Ar. , r h - " - . " . . , ' ' rights. During the most successful period of the Eoman Government the works of women constituted a nrincipal feature which led Rome td"er victories: Thejr loved and honored theirV government and reared their children in the .' same light. 7;, The golden reign of Queen Elizabeth is a brilliant star that shines very bright among the works of the female sex. While she was queen, England was governed by one of its greatest and best sovereigns. In this age the great talent and literary success blossomed. The greatest writers the world ha3 ever known, Shakespeare at their head. Bacon, Sidney, Italeigh, and Poencer were her confemporariesShe coped bpn w.th - , book-keeper- The Education of Woraari in regard to Civil Government 'and National Politics or the Scieiice of .Government. 7 beof of are, women The very'desirous today and educated well having, their minds coming cultivated to as great an extent as possible. "When we become well educated we will acomplisfi what we are striving for viz. our rights, and every step taken in this direction has a tendency to crumble and remove every obstacle that stands between woman and : her ' WeH- -on- EDUCATE WOMAN. stop at the goal which ignorance, superstition and injustice set up. Is divinely ordained progress content with the belief that the sunjmd leeriigK'tslnoV(axpan(l Hie earth? TIa3 the spirit of advancement nothing to say against the crudities and cruelties of barbaric war and the! halting pace of civilization? Creation was not finished with the religion and inquisition of the Middle Ages is not finished noWvNa- ture abhors a vacuum and stagnancy there is. fillso much to moy,e and so many places to be ed that concern the race. Where is the author- ity, above that of stronger limbs, for one half ot the citizens to take sole charge of the econo - . : "God tried His 'prentice handon manL If there is anything in the signs of the times, woman suffrage will, in no longtime, be everywhere aehieved.Thedaw of change for the better, termed evolution by science, is firmly established. It is the greatest folly to stand in the waypf the evolving wheels. The world, like a child, grows towards maturity. It will not jmwetnmenV - - 1 England rose from a third class nation to a first class. Much adventure was in. dulged in and iu every way when Elizabeth left England it Was much wiser, better and ' more successful than it had heretofore been. This is an example of what the mind of woman can do ifitis cultivated in the proper manner. The great Napoleon's success was due not only to his vigor and strength, but he was guid- - . w br the gentle intelligent powers of psephine As soon as he puT'asiderhir.: genth guide his victories died and- his strength de- creasr d until he was taken captive to the Island of St. Helena. When the Revolutionary War was fought, what credit is due tho.se who were willing to sacrifice their lives for thoir country and their ireeuom. liut while they were --tuts battle field the mothers and sifters prepared food and clothing, nursed the sick and wounded anl in this way did a great deal in; ailing th? soldiers, and on the hilL of honor, they stand side by side, women and men, in wearing the ; laurels of their victories. We find women . who would make good school teachers, s etc, and: while working in these position's do not get near the pay a. gentleman would get m; the same position. The time i very near when we can fill these to a good advantage. When merit alone shall decide who shall hold "offices "'and execute the laws, and when ibis time comes, our intellects will be strengthened, and our financial affairs equally based with our contem-poriarie' '7 . 7. ,V While we are contendini' for our ' Rights the sterner sex should not be jealous of us and tax their courtesy as did the gentleman in the street car. A short time ago a lady, who was a strong advocate of " Woman's Suffrage " entered a street car that was very crowded. The conductor asked a young man if he would give his place to answered with indif tbejadylu " ference: Ihis lady is a strong advocate of Woman's Suffrage she wants equal rights with the men and now she can have them." It is unworthy, unmanly and ungentlemanly, for-man to try to push a lady down ami MildJbtm- - self up. A gentleman will wish his mother, sister, add wife, to attain to as high a degree of intelligence as he, himself desires to become" T: and will so."7,J:7Z.,-..- . The growth of this great nation is measured by theifreedom, honor and justice f'iveu to those who have stood side by side with themeQ in building up the nation to its present con dition. It ha3 progressed well ' in the past. How-muebetter would it be in the future, if s, - A QUESTION OF EVOLUTION Man alone Tint nnm -- Ah, listen! 7. -- kind and trusting than man., WitF what fortitude will she sustain the most overwhelming misfortunes. There are many who live a life of but it seems as though they had not filled the measure of their creation.' Woman will stand equal with man in all save physical strength, and for that reason is called the weaker .vessel. - Man has been represented as the sturdy oak, woman as the clinging ivy. Would to God men were always sare to cling to! Yvha wife would not be proud to have a husband that she could look up to at all times. There are many cases .where the wife stands sad in- utterly alone, and " ' - '. .: 1 ueea is suen an one. t ... The brain of man is said to weigh heavier buJt woman's to be of finer texture. Women ' two the of thirds number our comprise Churches and in., our day she is wielding a powerful influence for goo. Grant her the suffrage and her vote will not be cast "either for whiskey drinkers, or whiskey fellerH, ;. In the ordinary affairs of life, woman has a greater influence over those around her than The man; . especially with her children. Scottish poet Burns seemed to thoroughly understand human nature for he wrote that in ?'7-"the beginning,- -- A of GodVPf plete without woman. Infancy, girlhood, but too soon pass away. Maidenhood in after years seems but a dream. Wife, then Mother tne crowmng.part of WomnVeiiifeCovu ine poet nas written "with man is but a thing apart, but, with woman her whole existence." mu uuiuc Hiiuuui .a momer: wno so mindful of all the little comforts and who, so truly anticipates the needs of her husband and Weep not, and waste not the light, and spill not the wine of thy living. Hast thou a hurt in the heart? Limbless thy brother perhaps. Are thy feet stumbling and jired? Others are down in r the dust. This love you raourn.it may have been better 10 lose itr Blow out the ashes of love with the bellows of work-- Out of your heart and your life, and be done with ' mere fanning!) t 7 A song for .M.aPj tliejloblest-WOr- k was settled. he pays her for them it is a frift because h cannot make a ral id contract to pay her for -v AV J extr anrdin ar v-- f rvfw 7 