W 0 M AN'S V EX L' 0 N EN1 . Ml We know of many home's to which be fully capable of performing t e duties of wives put by the chairman and pronounced unanimous. they have carried comfort and blessing of various and mothers; jyid feel that they-havkinds; in which they have prpvi Jed food for the to hve for something The President Elect, made choice of Sarah M. in this life. A, Cleveland and Elizabeth Ann hungry, and clothed-thnaked, and have ad', Whitney as her Here is a field, unlimited for the . exercise of counselors. ministered relief to those who were sick and the talent of our Relief Society as well as our Kliza R. Snow was appointed afflicted, God ha.4 been With these sisters in Secretary and theij Church schools. They should draw into their Phebe M. Wheeler assistant Secretary and Elvira ministrations. By the power of faith and detection Associations every young woman A. Cowles Treasurer. can find which has attended them.a great many marvelous and teach them to love their fellow they creatures here rrcsr Joseph 5 miln read the Revelation to cures have been effected among the earth and administer to their want?. The people upon .El?!?.:.mith '.'ro.nv the book of Doctrine and through their prayers and good works. It has Sisters are of capable into the feelings of Covenants, and stated that she was ordained at entering been a , testimony to those who have witnessed their sex; of Sympathizing with. them in their disthe time the Revelation was' given, these things that the power of God is in the tress, and of providing for them the proper the Scriptures, to teaclt&c. Church, and is bestowed upon all.'those who seek necessities in time of need. They should feel .He then read Scriptures to show that an elect Him in faith and in humility. 'that they have a mission upon earth" other than lady is one letted to preside. By reqvest of The work which has already been done by the that of appearing well in society and of shining Presidf rrf TnnK tmiiK Art-r..i, ir' sisters and the great good accomplishedwill be alMiuiiut.4iu(1.-jt,ii- ti j .ijiur u brilliantly, because some others do' this. dained M. Sarah Cleveland and Elizabeth Ann most fbrgotten in the magnitude of. that which the Brethren and sisters I feel that God is with bur be to counselors to Whitney, and assist President future will develop, for as the Church shall grow sisters in their labors in these societies,. I also Emma Smith iruthe duties of and share office, and as the honest in heart from the nations of the feel in my heart to ask Hirn to bless and orosoer in the blessings pert lining thereto. earth shall be gathered, the field for the "exercise themand assist them to do their He then confirmed on Emma Smith her part in" carrying of the talents of our sisters will be greatly en torward His great, work in these latter days. and blessed her to be a mother in larged, tar beyond ,that of which we can now form Amen. Israel, a pattern of virtue and to possess all the a conception, God will put it into the hearts of An historical sketch prepared bv Secretary qualifications necessary to enable her to preside those who stand at the head of this institution to Sarah M. Kimball, taken from the rprnrd with dignity and give such instruction, as . organize reforms and adopt such measures as may be of the Relief Society was read by Dr. James E. in requisite her tailing as an Elect Lady. shall be of greater benefit to our sisters and to Elder Taylor vacated the chair and Pres. Emma The Tabernacle beiner such a verv falmige. the brethren than jn the past. Their hearts and Smith and counselors took the stand. large building it was thought wise that the readsympathies will become greater in the work of ing of written articles shnn'd A lengthy discussion followed on the hv question God. who could be heard iu all parts of the house, al What shall this Society be called ?"Mrs. Cleveland it seems, to me, from the opportunities t Now, though the sketches and addresses were written ana vv nitney advocated the appropTiaTeillss of the offered our sisters, even in this day they can use name Relief Society. John Taylor and Joseph by the ladies .themselves. an influence and exercise their talents for great THE RELIEF SOCIETY. Smithj spoke in favor of the word Benevolent, good a.mong this people. Emma S'tttfth and E. R. Snow argued in favor of First organization of L. D.'S. Relief Society, We speak-or charity, of relief which should be ,MrstCleveland'5-choice- , The gentlemen with and instructions given by President Joseph given the poor, but it is mistaken charity to give drew their objection and a'motion to adopt the Smith. to those who are able to earn their own living name Relief Society was unanimously carried. cj Such charity means the encouragement of idle By invitation of the Presidenfof the Church, a inu saici i now 'oecTareinis jvyu number of sisters convened in the Masonic Lodge ness among tins' people, who ought to be a nation Society organized with President and counselors. nth of March 1812, President AU who shall hereafter be admitted must be free of workers, and become prohcient and industrious room, in the various occupations of life. Not only vounj Joseph Smith, Elders John- Taylor and Willard from censure and admitted by vote. Pres. Joseph were Richards and men middle present. women, young Smith laid down a five dollar gold-piecaged men, but to com- President Smith statcdthaLihe-Aieetin-wa- s our older sisters also should have some object in MiiciKc a icier society nma ana saia "What I do for the called of more purpose tor making its life and work, complete hereafter (or charity, I shall do ihrouglfthis accomplishment. They should not alone be taught to use their brains but the organization cf the Churchbyorgahizing the society," Sarah .M. Cleveland gave. ncts. Sarah women in the ordt r of the Priesthood. also their hands for the accumulation of the materiM. Kimball, $t 00, Emma Smith, r.oo, Elizabeth John Taylor wal called to the chair and Willard Ann Whitney, 5octs. Willard al things of life which are essential to our welfare. Richards, r.oo, Richards acted a.4 secretary. After sinking and John I remember when upon my mission to Germany Taylor, 2.oo. of visiting some of the Industrial Schools which prayer, a vote was taken to know if all were satis At the 3rd, meeting of the Society, March 30th. sistfcr with fied each and to ac willing present, for and ..are there established President Joseph Smith said, the members of the girls young women. n good fellowships and admit therein the art of cooking and knowledgement They were taught them to all the privileges of the institution about 1 other household duties. hey received instruc complished. To move according to All being satisfied, the names be to organized. were made to under tions in these things, gftd Priesthood this must be a select Society, separate taken-a- s J. were of follows; those present duties stand to a certain extent at least, the 'from the Vnifs of the world. A. Elvira Emma Cowles, Smith,Martha Knight, Sixth meeting April 2SUn Pres. Joseph Smith which would devolve upon them when they be- Ann M. Phebe Cleveland, Hawkes, said he was present to speak . came wives and mothers. . In these schools the Priesthood, they Sarah iqn iDeSderaona Eliza A, Fulmer, Cook, Margaret his as instructions were intended only for memwere aiso lauiMii iu uw auu iu uu h riuus u Ann Elizabeth M.Kimball. Sarah beth Whitney, bers of the should hands be Society, he wished those not members fancy 'Work to which women's Ediza R.' Snow, Sophia 16 withdraw. - After which he "called a1 ttinn t7 Jones, Leonora Taylor, -- accustomea. Utner institutions arew exisience W. Smith; Sophia Robinsonr T P f the 12th chapter of Corinthians, "Now concerning tor the offood ana Deneiu or me -young, it is con- - PackardrBathsrjeba if. Herrict, R' Phebe Philinda Wheeler, Sophia Spiritual Gifts &C.' said the passage which reads, sidered a disgrace by the people therefor a young '. " Marks.-, No man can say that Jesus is the Lord but woman to grow up in ignorance of the things per- by Smith then explained some of the duties the Holy Ghost should.be translated no man can Pres. now tne eartn. uui upon 4o4ierJiienere taimng know &c, continued the reading of the is it with us? Amone us today we find there are that would devolve on members of the Society, chapter, . t J xc ifit and gave instructions respecting the different 10 goou uremren is a it couia that idea said thev an with provoKe.ioe disgrace many growing up offices and the necessity of every individual, act to work. Some ot our gins seem to minx mey works, look after the needs of the .poor, and per ing, in the place allotted to him or her, and filling form charitable acts. Women must assist in cor are gaining great advantages in acquiring the the office to which they were appointed., which are to be had at schools or reeting the morals and strengthening the virtues Spoke pf the disposition of some to consider at home as the case may be, where they receive of "the community Said it is now in order for elect a President to preside over the lower offices in theChurch dishonorable and knowledge of these things, but they forget the the sisters to the Society and let her choose two counselors t& to look with jealous eyes on the position of others- duties which will hereafter devolve upon tnem-aassist in the duties of her office. He would ordain said it was the nonsense of the human heart, to wi vp? and mothers in Israel. All such are illy and let them preside just as the Presidency aspire to positions not appointed of God, that it preparing themselves for the great responsibilities .them, presided over the Church, and if they needed his was better for individuals to magnify their respecwhich the near future will devolve upon them. and :hewould be tive callings and wait patiently til! God shall say In mv estimation it is the duty of our sisters, instruction theyf could iaskr Let the to tljtm "Come up higher," said it was talked by to ive it from time, to time. bur Inlased hT had Infify experience to impress ;t jiu members of the Socieiy that some were not Presidency serve as a constitution and their decisdoing daughters with the necessity oi acquuujg wwc ions in laying hands on the sick. If they bad for; you act upon. become right them. benefit to precedents things which will be a lasting If officers are wanted to carry, out the designs common sympathy, they would rejoice that the Teach them the use of their hands, irr economy, sick could be healed. The time has not been be- of the institution, let them b appointed and set in the management ol those things intrusted to &c'-.are among us. j fore when these things could be in their as Teachers, Deacons proper their care, so that when they become wives they apart, now organized in its ElizabediAMt motion! .jviisrmfcrf-iyTio- i that Emma'Smith Packard seconded the proper order and cannot be until the temple is household, neither cause a feeling' of disappoint-- ' completed. He referred to the commission give be elected President of the Society, the vote was ment in the hearts of their husbands, but rather theif.mission.i e , -- -- -- - nd .' l !r : former-orclinatio- " V f : - : on-th- e e . : the-ancien- -- - - - - i- tL - H-l- 'Z . ' - . 1 s ' u-h- n ii - - jj .. , . . - ., . ; t 