WOMAN'S EXPONENT Pres. D. K. Udall read from the Doctrine and Covenants a portion of a revelation to 03 Father we have had an abundance of fine furnish desirable homes for hundreds of perblackberries, peaches, plums,' grapes, a few sons wishing to become permanently settled; Smith in regard to the strawberries, apples and pears. Larger and we drove on five miles' to the Prophet Joseph Bishop Terry's of the marriage covenant and said: more luscious peaches than we have had ranch where we were welcomed eternity by Sister VHusbands and wives should exercise would be difficult to find any .where. .V M. A. Terry. , ..1. , and More grain was raised here this year than' charity with each- other for The 17th we traveled thirty-fiv- e patience miles to God has promised ns. kingdoms, principalever before notwithstanding the dry season. Panacea in Lincoln Co., Nevada, the ities and powers if we are faithful to Him We have lately had a number of nice rains Bishop was absent from home but we were and each other, even that we shall be kings that have raised the water in the river and made welcome by Sister Lee, within her and queens, in our Fathers kingdom. started the grass. beautiful home. to the use of tobacco he said: In regard We feel greatly blessed and encouraged, At 10 a. m, of the. 1 8th, we met with the y for not is man." It is contrary to and that this is a good country for Latter-da- children, Sister Melissa Lee, who has been a "It good the Vod of Wisdom and impregnates the Saints. faithful worker was compelled through sicksystem with evil. Spoke strongly against ness and a press of othea duties, to resign or '" its use. Tr-Edither position as President of the Primary , 7 The congregation sang "The spirit of Association of this .place, and Mrs. Mary Exponent: ' God like a fire is burning Benediction Wrench was chosen President with Melissa President Anna L. Ivins of the Relief Lee and was' pronounced by Pres. Wm. Gibbonsr Christy Turnbow, Counselors; of the St. K. B. Society Sec. Stake, George realizing here all Uajiy as the settlements can boast were Farr, the necessity of the branches in the North a fine lot of healthy children. Western settlements being visited, previous At 2 p. m. we met with the Relief Society MEXICAN MISSION. to our September conference, and not being MlldujCpriLsided ZaMelinal -7The:-- l Wadsworthr thepirit ? Lord 4vascir Mission was held in the spacious school- - her Counselors Ann C. Woodbury and joyed by the people and all felt to rejoice in house at Colonia, Juarez, Chihuahua, Hannah M. Miles should make the trip. the great Latter-dawork. 1 3U1 of August,accom-panie- d on the Mexico, on Monday, August 29, 1892. Accordingly On the 19th we commenced our return President "Mary Eyring presiding. There by Counselor Mary G. Whitehead of journey remaining the first night with was an excellent attendance, several of the the Primary of this Stake, we left St. George Sister Terry on their ranch; on the 20th, brethren Mission of for the for favored first Gunlock our where us leading opportunity we continued our journey to Brother James with their presence, ApostleGeorge Teas-daland was 4 p. m., notwithstanding meeting located about three miles below Patriarch Henry Lunt, A. F. Mc' a number of the sisters were away from Holt's, Hamblin, in the Meadow, Canyon, there Donald of the Presidency of the Mission, home and others had sickness in their are but fev people here, but as they were families, we had a good meeting, Elizabeth" being visited by relatives from a distance Bishops George W. Sevey of Juarez, Wins-loFarr of Dublan, Jesse N. Smith Jr. of Truman presiding; and although this settle- we decided to hold with ment is not on the main road and in conr. which we did and all meetingat the them; Pacheco, and others. rejoiced opporThe hymn' ''Lord we come before thee sequence is visited but seldom, the""sisters that had been afforded them; when tunity now," was sung Prayer was offered by are awake to their duties. On the morning they bade adieu with a pressing invitation Bishop Sevey, singing "Glorious thingeare of the 14th we continued our journey over to us to come again. sung 01 zviou, ana minutes 01. the last one of the worst roads that can be imagined, We dined at Brother Camfields, at Conference read and approved. Then fol to Pine Valley where we held meeting at the in the absence of Sister Cam- lowed the reading of the half yearly reports. 4 p. in. Dorinda Slade presides over the fieldMeadows, we were kindly entertained by her President Mary B. Eyring, after Relief Society; Bishop William Gardner .daughter Chraiirll :met:with:usfiand: while buT "we had an interdstinir meeting at Pinto with and the steady progress being made by the tendance a most excellent spiritipre vailed. the Primary Association; in the evening At 6 p. mLwe metjvi Society; exhorted the sisters, to be faithful -- we drovelo GTassVnlley where I "had "fhe" "and true "to" the "trust reposed 111 them, "in which is ably conducted under the watch privilege of spending the night with my care of Cynthia B. Gardner. fulfilling all the obligations of true woinan-hoodOn the.'5th, after traveling sixteen miles, sisterJLeqn6ra Sister"3IaryT6rteT of ""Pacheco;' Sunday we met with the Sunday School; Emma Barber of Diaz, Ida J. Mortensen of we were welcomed by , the people of Pinto the exercises rendered reflect great credit Dublan, and Susan Martineau of Juarez, where meeting was held with the Relief on all concerned. At 2 p. m. we had a Society at 2 p. in., Mrs. Ann Knell, Presirepresented the ward branches in good promeeting with the Primary Association a gressive condition. dent; the Bishop of this ward Robert Knell, good spirit was enjoyed. Counselor Cynthia Stowell and Ellen' wras present at our meeting. We had a We found a people in this peaceful little, Lunt addressed the Conference in an ex- ljvexv.c:ood time this beino: one of the settle- valley, who are fully awake" to the necessity cellent spirit, President A. F. Mc'Donald, ments where, the people live at home and of educating their children, and they move Bishop G. AVT Sevey and President George board themselves, their land produces grain into larger settlements in the winter where Teasdale made very encouraging remarks. and vegetables sufficient for their own wrants the children can attend school. The subjects treated upon wTere, the valued and to spare, they have herds of cattle, some In the summer they have a teacher and labors of the officers and members of the fine 'houses, in addition to which they have conduct a school, having built a Relief Society; the gathering together of a good sheep herd; so that they have their nice school private house where they are taught earnest women jnterestedin j"meeablish: jnyiubeetrk, abutter,- music as well as other branches of educawTool for tlieir clothiue:; in fact I do not ment of righteousness upon the earth, and. tion, in all of which they show great pro- d'eting as ministering angels by precept and know of a moreself-sustainin- g community ficiency In the evening we drove to 1 ine example, encouraging the virtues of modesty, than Pinto in. this Stake of Ziou. Valley and remained over night reaching After meeting we proceeded to Hamlin home purity and chastity; visiting the widow and on the 22nd, this ended a trip that refatherless in their afflictions, and keeping a branch of the Pinto Ward, and at 7 p.". in. quired two hundred and fifty miles of travel themselves pure and unspotted from the. met with Relief Society and Primary comover a road that is anything but a pleasure .world, being full of integrity to the Gospel bined; as the place is small the audience but is in order to visit the settleof our Lord Jesus Christ; woman's greatest was small, but good attention was paid to ments necessarywhich constitute a part of named, mission being to assist in the establishment what was sad, and feel that good. wrasac this Stakejthisbuntryistenle but the inof righteousness upon the"' earth, for which complisiied. On the 1 6th we proceeded to dustry' of the Saints have made it desirable. she. is sa qualified by nature. .Hebron, this is. another place where the w e rtrast we Jia some good m en- The authorities of the Relief Society of people are engaged in the stock business, tneaints 111 tneir r duties. I theChurch and of the Mexican Mission many had nioved out to their rauches3her icouraging tn never saw better spirit than was manifest .were unanimously- - siisUiinedT-ind-ththem at thepresent time,- - theyr: . ference adjourned until Monday, November left them without water for their gardens or watcn ttie signs 01 the tunes and are satis f ior culinary., purposes, except wnat is fied with their observations. The benediction was pronounced by hauled from a distance; all of which howI remain your sister in the Gospel. Patriarch ever will be overcome in the near .future as Lunt. We had an excelAnn C. Woodbury. lent Conference. the people contemplate a reservoir at an exI Z1T I pense of $10,000 w'hich when completed 'SasdAl.e, Sec. iuAxv xiVANb, 01 iianem, in. y is and it was anticipated all the fruit was and for hundreds of acres of good quality licensed diptain of a ship, of which her ' destroyed but thanks to our Heavenly nqwlyin idle jusLbelowtheviilage,and. husband is chief nfcineer." -- ' ' . . . - " ' k of-th- y e, - w - . . leW-were-in- -at -- ". , cheese-'and-ieHty- -of J - . . . ve-Qo- ne - e . . - . I 6 - ' 