WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 54 of 11)0 Edward G. WelIs,Third Mr. company says: "It is capitalized at Soo,ooo, Crittenton having turned into it every dollar's worth of assets of the house of Charles N. Crittenton, of which he was the sole owner. The stock is all taken, being held by Mr. Crittenton. Messrs. Alfred B. Kennedy, William A. Demarst, Franklin B. Waterman, Thomas E. Delano and commyself. Mr. Crittenton is President of the Vice-Preside- nt pany. "All of the men who have been taken into the company are old employes, the youngest of the five in point of service being myself with a record of thirteen years in Mr. Crittenton's employ. Mr. Kennedy, who is the buyer for the. house, has served twenty-si- x years, Mr. Demarst, the head of the retail department, twenty "years; Mr. years, Delano, the general manager, twenty-eigh- t and Mr. AVaterman who runs our advertising department, sixteen years. Others may be taken in. "I presume that we were selected on account of our long service and thorough familiarity with ex ery,..detaiLGfJin should not be surprised if some other old employes were taken into the company later.'' Mr. Crittenton is himself devoting his entire time to Evangelistic work and his fortune to founding Florence Crittenton Missions for the rescue of erring girls. The story of their founding touches all hearts to tenderness and all eyes to tears. A few years since his little Florence on her dying bed pleaded "Papa sing 'The Sweet Bye and Bye.' With choking voice and breaking heart her father sang the beautiful words and her beloved spirit floated heavenward on the wings of song. Though the Bye and Bye might be sweet, the present without his darling seemed so overwhelmingly- - dreary hat he did not care to live. But in his sorrow the Savior who had taken the little child in His bosom, brought comfort to his bleeding heart and he found strangely true the words of Christ "My peace I give unto you." indeed a the lowly Tazarehewh'6"'ibreVeY:"3rg-nifie- d follower labor by being Himself a .carpenter, ho Jntl LmidstafMs tQllu Ueredjh wiuvu nuum ftuiv. ail juiic UtlWCCU capital and labor, 'By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples if ye have love one, to charit nearly a million dollars, while his private ies foot up nearly as much more. It is the dream of his life to found a Florence Crittenton Mission in every large city in America and Europeapd plans to that end are made with the"Vomans Christian Temperance Union, under the leader-- , ship of Miss Frances E. Willard and Lady Henry Somerset. As an Evangelist Mr. Crittenton is wonderfully blessed of God, thousands having started hea venward under his, loving ministrations. He gives his services freely, and though himself an Episco palian, being an officer of Holy Trinity Church, Harlem New York, he is perfectlyr:at home m pulpits of all denominations, where he is warmly welcomed by th pastors Perhaps the one distinguishingcharacteristic is the universal love he inspires in4ll heart?, which make many think as a little, child said, "Mamma, don't you think Jesus when he was on earth must have been like Mr. " - Crittenton?" ' . W. G. C. Epiiolm, ' four-year-o- ld .J..P..Za9VT9yhJws 1 -- I . another." Mr. Crittenton was so full of love that he went down into the slums and helped to uplift the fallen, and one night when he was pleading With a poor erring girl to leave her life of shame, he said in the words of Christ, "Neither do I con- . m. ii j uemn mee, go ana sin no more." 1 nrough. her wn a Uf yuicK as a vt.tjio otic auj, jtuitic " U U HUM.-.- .. 1. V... t sne gor" nasi tdmc me luuugm vviiere can scarce a door save a door of sin is open to her and then and there he determined as a memorial to his own little Florence to found a home where other father's little girls lost in the whirlpool of shame, might be rescued .'and restored to a life of Bleekei- St. New York, nine virtue. So at 21-years ago was opened the First Florence Crittenton Mission, a large double four-stor-y houSe -- 1 nu 1 - 23 are freely given, and under the influence of Mother Prindle the W. C. T. U. Matron, hundreds become Christian women. Over five hundred, girls annually find a home here and three- .1- ....!. uicm are reueemea. nuuruisui Mr. Crittenton has also established Florence Crittenton Missions in New "BrunswirL--. M t .j oan jose, .oacramemo, los Angeles and Sin Francisco, California. "The latter was ...formerly known as 'IThe racific Resrn Rrtm ..;... on carnea a oy number of philanthropic luuy Mr. but since Crittenton has become its people, President the name of his darling child has been ' given to it. ; These Missions represent an investment of 1 ; 1 TRlf A TO BANNOCK STAKE. ... On Friday morning August 12, accompanied by Sister Lilhe Freeze I left Salt Lake City to visit the sisters in Bannock Stake. We left on the 10.5 a. m. train for Idaho Falls. We had a very pleasant visit wtth Brothers John Henry Smith and C: C. Card who were going to attend the Bannock Stake1 quarterly conference. On arriving at Idaho Falls about seven o'clock we found TresideuTKicks witl; arnage waitmg our arrival; and were soon on our way for Lewisville, a distance of sixteen miles, arriving at ten o'clock very tired and dusty. We were kindlyreceived Miller and wife with whom we remained the next three , days. Saturday morning (13th) at ten o'clock we met with the Primary Association and after I had made a few remarks to the children , Sister Freeze addressed them and .took an .acUyertin.. their ex; ( i by-Brothe- r- ' vl Llpvi? HIVIA tVUO children. At 2 V ti V CUUUtllUUUl UJ IIIC p. in. we met with the Relief Society (Sister Jardine President), and the Young Ladies. We instructed the sisters on the importance of the organization of the Relief Society and their duties as wives and mothers, Sister Freeze spoke to the young' )Cop le 111 a very interesting manner, exhort. mg inem to live pure lives, ana be fatter- m uu men ubbuciauin; togfetner uay oaims ""t:7-"11 ri'. oisier rreeze is wen qualific to instruct the young people of Zion r Sunday morning, 14th, at 10 o'clock the Stake Conference commenced. The house . . ": .- . was filled to overflowing,4 people coming from 12 to 25 miles with' their families to attend the meeting. Much valuable instruction was given by the brethren; a good spirit prevailed in all the gatherings of the saints. President Ricks invitecT the visiting sisters to occupy the stand on Sunday evening, we consented; the house was literally , crammed,-:- the-brethre- n: vvereresent in large-number- and we felt encouraged by their presence. We had an wriu-..r.:j. Krptlr - A fnuiutu f.,.i.i uuiuciciice me next" clav Monday, 15th at four p. m. . after the mg closed re started for RexbuifF distant sixteen miles, arriving about sundown. I he writer was hospitablly entertained by Patriarch Arza Hinckley and family, Sister Hinckley is tie Stake President of the Relief Society. Tuesday, 16th, we started again7 at ume o'clock for Parker Ward, where "tm- . , 1 - jfurs Wednesday, . - meeting was held at two o'clock, the house was filled with the people from Kgin and other wards. . her. own conveyance drove Sister Winters aiid brought a load of 'the sisters from Rex-bur- g returning the same evening traveling miles as well as fording Snake twenty-fiv- e River twice. I forgot to mention our having to" ferry over Snake River on our way from Lewisville to Rexburg which detained us a while on our journey. The meeting was a spirited one tlie sisters being urged to a more fatthful discharge of their important duties in the organizations. They were all 1i 1 ll?C wi 1l tie "n t ' tr tnoof nul ctnlA company spent the night with Bishop Parker and family, who did all they could Sister Parker to make us comfortable.. rrnrl nicked frpdi me. wpnf- intn thf crnrdpti berries for our supper which was a great treat in that far off Northern country; Brother and Sister Parker were old friends . 17th, drove to Willford, distance six miles, ate dinner with Sister, Pratt, President of the Relief Society, held meeting at two p.m., another full house, the visiting sisters and President Ricks occup- - lA 1CU r r' 4.,i a ride of ten miles where we met LUG burg UIUC A 4. jTVC U 1 1. &UU LCU 1UX XVCX- -. (in the evening) with the Young Men and Young Ladies in their conjoint meeting; a full attendance; a good spirit prevailed, much good instruction and counsel was given; we met old friends and made many new ones. Thursdav. rSth rnet with thn iciicx oucieiy againr ine iiouse was niieu; it being the first visit that the sisters from the city had made, all seemed anxious to hear their teachings. The choir came to all our meetings their lively singing adding much to the spirit of the meeting, we had an excellent time together which will be ; Inticr rpmpm Vwry-ir- l Freeze o:t ' Kir oil meWith the children; a great many bright children were present, arid were jM4S ner interested them w ell about an hour. At 5 p. m. we were on our way to Menan, arriving at sundown, eighteen miles ride. Stayed all night with Bishop Stephen's family. s , Friday, 19th, were asrain on the move at eight a. m. traveled twenty-fiv- e miles ar- riving at Iona about noon, held meeting at 2 o'clock with the Relief Society also VrU marv Anrintinn T wn; astonished at the extent of rnnntrv and the quantity of water everywhere. ouwii mige canais wnicii extended for miles, I asked President Ricks if he could give me an estimate of the length of the canals. He said there were two thousand miles of ditches and canals. We rode miles of beautiful wiieat and other throughfenced grain, on either side which was wonderful; when we were told that all the work had been done in such a short space of time; it being only nine years since the first houses were , UU11L. . At about s 5 o'clock, we started, for Idaho Falls arriving safely at 6:30, distance from Iona seven miles. Met with the Relief Society at eht; again a fulL house, people coming from fifteen to twenty miles to aU tend the meeting. Mothers with children m their arms knowing it would take them till midnight to ride home. . A Primary was organized after the meet- x1S ended our labors in the Bannock cn.gi' btake. . We spent a verv ' nlMcn ti at Bishop Thomas's; with President Ricks , -- -- 