EXPONENT. WOMAN'S ocean of life of the past 72 years gone, yes, gone, never, no, never,! to be recalled again. I also importuned. God's mercy and. blessing for His continued prosperity not only until the proximity of the 73rd but onward unto the 80th anniversary, unto which yourself ard that numerous, ves happy company," were,all invited to celebrate in Salt Lake City. Indeed as a dream of the time has al it is so and surely one-fift- h ready elapsed. The 1st day of May falls on Sunday, and Labor day, both holidays in this place, and I avail my- - self of thexelebratioiLhy- - chance of the gala da yasJ the elite of the city will be out on the Pallisades, and the best' carnages and horses will traverse the Alamada in the evening. " Chihuahua has a population of 28,000, and an altitude of 4,713 feet, and is situated about 250 miles Southwest of El Paso, Texas, on the Mexican Central Railroad, to the City of Mexico, and about 1,000 miles N 0 rtb east of Mexico Ci ty. Some mountains and dry peaks surround this City, without a particle of vegetation, not even a solitary tree is t visible, everything is very dry and a great scarcity of water, an aqueduct brings drinking water about eight miles to the city, the aqueduct is in some places 25 feet high, in one place we counted forty arches, it looks very massive of stone; a few fountains of free water are patronized by the poorer classes, one particularly Jn a Pallisade" near the Catholic Cathedral, here two men carry a twenty gallon barrel suspended to a pole, each man with the end of the pole on his h of shoulder.and finds it a welcome over a mile away for domestic purposes; another with two five gallon oil cans attached to a shorter pole and one man with the pole on his shoulder trots away after filling them with a .gourd; now comes the many Rebecca's with their pitchers, a sort of jug, on their shoulders or helfa's, I said to my dear little brother, J. C Bentley of StFGeorge, ' (and the only Utah companion in this place,) I will go to that black haired, and dark eyed Rebecca for a drink, she lifted her pitcher and I drank, A'lifted up my eyes" and thanked God that: ouf Rebecca's at home could get their water from city "creek by turning the tap at home in their kitchens. After our walk on this lovely morning we stepped into the Cathedral, where hundreds of poor mostly devoted women are dipping and crossing with holy water, bowing, kneeling,praying, counting beads as hugging a cross in some corner many for a whole hour are Ton theTFknees while the Priest is offering incense and prayer, o'clock consecrating sacraments" etc the bells nd gong call the people together in a rush, part of the day is spent in church but the rest of the day is a holiday, where the Pallisades are patronized and also the AHemanda; today is of course extra, processions, bands of music, speeches with cheers and enthusiasm," closing with music in the Pallisades which are adorned with walks and flowers. We saw more bonnets s and hats this evening than Usually; of the ladies wear no bonnets or hats, but their glossy black hair, of which those women are so proudadorrUheir heads, some .women and it is quite common to, wear a light black shawl which : covering- - falling as occasionally-serve- sback over the shoulders. On the wide promenade the ladies several abreast walk one way, while the gents promenade in the opposite direction and on the outside generally. The houses are of adobies plastered, with flat roofs; streets narrow, and, the. walls of the houses or courts look much like the style of our old time forts. But on trfe inside of these are flowers and shrubs, adorned so that the inside has more attraction than the outside. In our Robinson iirtittiT&tt& from about ten feet high with a small door where a servant lies on a couch, so that at night the v closed gates can be opened to let in the guests at late hours, but during the day the gates are opened; from the court is a stairway to the upper rooms, for this Hotel is two stories high, from our 'room we look into the court where are the apple tree, pear and pomegrante trees, and also an orange tree but it has been bitten by frost so that it looks some like our peach and fruit trees of 1848 in Utah. The few windows are barricaded with bars and a sort of open grate projecting a little into" the narrow side walk where often children andthe jdeFZcnis-si-t- d -- , Edward Stevenson. , . P. S. With ,this I sendyou a card specimen of a Lamanite latfy, there are in Mexico a variety of them. WOMAN'S WOK IN M EX ICO. -- one-fourt- -- -- .JustatS nine-tenth- a-he- ad Colonia Juare'z, Mexico, Dear Sister Wells: March 29,1892. Shice 'writing you I have had the privilege of visiting all the wards in the Mexican Mis sion, and of meeting with the Relief Society, Young Ladies and Primary Associations and found them all in excellent condition. There are four of each of the above named societies in the Mission. The scenery from : Diaz to Juarez, some seventy-fivmiles, is similar to that from Dem-into Diaz, an open level country of vast ex- e g :r;r-;- trco. Wfl rnn A; -- Ka ti- winding nf r ur. h ' 1 Po,a flrnA La Ascencion and Coralitos. The latter be longs to a mining and stock Co., who own a large tract of land. Here was also the interior guard of the Cus torn : House. Ill the principal street T)f Coralitos is a very fine 'avenue of lofty cottonwood trees that make a cool shade for summer. Here isnlso arstore "and a carpet and cloth factory belonging to the com pany, lhere is a Concentrator used for the separating of the metal from the rock. After leaving Coralitos we passed through the ruin3 of an old town called Boranka. 'There once stood a ehurcb,grist mill, and quite a number of houses. - WTe now reach CQloniaDublan, a seiuement 01 our people, located on the banks of the fiver. The houses n InmU anA adobie. The farms slope from the road to the river. A good sized adobe school house, nearly completed, is being builfwhich is a credit to the settlement. Five or six miles from Dublan 13 the town of Casas Grande (large nameJ after some Montezuma ruins ofhouses) large houses, which still exist in the town, Coionk Juarez is situated in a canon-o- n the Piedras Verdie river, which is lined with trees runs, lengthwise through the town. It U a thrifty, pretty little place, like an. oasis in the desert; a number of handsome brick and concrete houses adorn th They have a splendid schoql, house consist- -' ing ot three-largrooms, a handsome I here is also a good store and a building grist mill Picket and lumber fences enclose orchards and gardens. Trees are in fulf bloom, lucern and , e .u feuC, incnes nigh: nkLn tauiw Kiuw n uie nave peas up two or three the so 1 ia Rnnr and all J regi- im :t aDunaance. some good. is expected much more will be raised this summer, as the season is later than usual. Pacheco is thirty tvo miles southwest1 of Juarez. .. The road through a canon i3 rich in ' magnificent scenery. Would I could describe it that my friends might enjoy it. Larce rugged rocks thrown together in every con: ceivable shape towered above us in grand majesty. Trees that appeared to grow out of solid rock peeped ef crevices, When -a child I wanted to see the timber that wa3 made into lumber, growing in the mountains but never had the privilege until that daygo ing to Pacheco) when we traveled for miles through a very fine growth of timber. Pacheco is surrounded by the pines that are always green. The houses are made of lumber, it being plentiful ia thi3 country. They have a comfortable school house, a saw mill and a store. On --Washington's birthday we had a holiday. Quite a company of the good people of Pacheco, and Cave Valley accompanied us ta the Caves,' some seven miles from Pacheco which we visited. We enjoyed our picnic under the trees, by the river, in a, lovelyspot, and spent an hour or so in songs, recitations, music and speeches, and spent a day never to be forgotten. The Caves are the works of nature bufthey-ha- ve been utilized by a race of people who made rooms by putting partitions of a kind oL cement. The openings leading from one room to another are very small indicating that small people inhabited them. .. It wa3 a curiosity to us to see water drop, a drop at a time from the top of the eolid rock above us," at the- mouth of the cave, where it is presumed they retained it for drinking, and household purposes. I had many thoughts while exploring theni and gathering relics, wondering who the inhabitants e There are many dried corn cobs and pieces of brown pottery to be found in them. I rejoiced, in having the privilege of visiting those wouuenui rencs 01 me past. out-of-th- on3he-windownr.viewingaii- sometimes conversing with those on the outside, some of these courts are large and thousands of of a variety of roses are very pretty with the walks; bouquets of roses from those inside courts were presented to me as a token of remembrance of my 72nd birthday in Old Mexico;the day closes with my 72nd behind, while my 73rd opens up very pleasantly although in a strange land. With kind wishes and regards, It fruit was raised here last summer. . I IT C -- 1CU11UGU Jua to lU " UUltJ 1U1 lUD which was held Feb. 27 and 28. We enjoyed a most interesting time; the spirit of God was felt in power, to the encouragement and comfort of the saints. x . . A great many discouraging things are said about the Mexican Mission but there are a good, happy, contented people who are satisfied to live here in spite of the disagreeable winds, dust, and other features complained of. Come and see us iff this wonderful" hi8toriccountry7 you will receive a warm welcome and meet many frieudsF -- WOMAN'S RIGHTS Sisters, do.we realize the many privileges that are coming within our reach' for our im- provement? Are we aware of how much will be expected of us, for "where much i3 given much is expected," (or required) and swe. shall be expected to know something about the great government under which we Jjye,Jbrlthere are organizations being effected among us, and if we make ourselves interested in the subject we can learn something about the science of government and the position of citizens, in this great Republic, which will be much to our own elevation and our influence will be felt in our families and associations. ' Our goveinmenHs said to be the best on earth and I believe it is, but there are defects in It. One Verv imimrtant. nnp ia that if. does inink of the iniustice of crantinfr the slaves and their wretched humanity from the slums the ballot, and it is ofi.earfreedom-to iisideredrprecious T toon, and prohibiting ., 