Tf President's birthday, Sister .Rachel Whipple she having held the office of 1st. Counselor nine years fifteen years, the and-Preside- v nt was seventy five years oh!, and has been ever -- faithful in the discharge of he' dutiesv We met at two o'clock' at the residence of Sister. Elizabeth Nebeker,. Meeting was opened with singing and prayer, after which each of the sisters bore testimony tQ. her,, faithfulness and the joy and happiness they had in being with each other in the Society. Counselors Jeremy and Nebeker met with us and gave us good ad vice and encourage-ment- , also spoke of the respect and good filihad for Pres.ng they Whipple. Meeting then closed with singing and prayer. "The company then sat down to a bounteous supper which had been prepared by the teachers and friends. We spent the evening in pleasant conversation l and was favored with some fine selections on the piano by Miss Vilate' Nebeker. We all . n i l went nome leennsr we had snentn. peasant and profitable afternoon. A. Ridges, Sec. 22nd Ward, . co-labor- 7- A JULIA A. ALLRED. 1 amlr;es;SRedl ' - To dwell with strangers afar; As I have Receive 1 so 'i give , ' - But oh! thedeceitfulnessof man ' ow few that will there are as many Martha's us Mary's. Lot us who are not directly engaged in thir charitable work, be more juH than the troubled house, wife of olden time ivho administered to her sister when praise was deservedlyreproof earned. " ' shine like the morning '.' If'J : .' andg!adly7o, freely ers - We'll be rewarded for air our pain, 'or God is f.iUhfui and .' true. That all who will for evefnuy live, And -- . EXPONENT. Nellie Little. - . WORLD'S FAIR NOTES. glory obtain. . , May- we be remptnJu ru,! mat iew ..v.Vu ainuiig .L Oh! keep this oijeaver in View', God bles you till we meet a'Cain.' . In the fall of she went to Arizona. She1870whhjhejamily frequently talked about go- ing back to the Temple to perform the work for the Hates iamiiy, as she was the only liv- -' mg female of thefamily who hada standing in the Church. 3he was the mother of thirteen children, and had twenty-twgrandchildren. Her departure was. very sudden, caused as o .m is supposed; from heart . Denmark has made a World's Fair appro' ; priation of $07,000. More than 180 exhibitors- - are - chronicled from Philadelphia alone. A $0,000 monument of Barre granite will be ono of the exhibits from Vermont. New York has made a World'sFair priation of 300,000. : , frlK?kd. appro- ' .. "city, Is constructing in "miniature a complete been well for some time past, but was able to salt be up most of the time and attend to her plant for exhibition at the World's Fair. household duties. On the 5th inst about five xuo uunago m wnicn ueqrgo rox, me o clock p m., she was taken with a founder of the Society of Friends or Quakers, smother, sensation was with no pain except born, in Leicestershire, England, is being ing apparently for the want of breath. And in fifteen taken down to be in Chicago. minutes she expired, without being able to . The New York Assembly has voted percommunicate anything' to usl at the are of mission for the raising of one vr two old sunk06 years and 27 days. en vessels in Lake George for tho purpose of The funeral services wer held in the Thatcher' meeting house on thii 7th inst Several of the states are having prepared fine Patriarch P. C Merrill, delivered, a discourse full of comforting words; and after a few litnographs or, the Uuildings which they will re-erect- Editor-Woman'- s Exponent: There appeared in a late issue of the Descret News a rjotice of the death of Sister Julia A. Allred. Now feeling that Jier long standing in the Church, and the fact that she was a member in Nauvoo of the first Relief Society organized in the Church under the supervision of the Prophet. Joseph, and the firm stand she has always maintained under trying circuni-- " stances, in defence of thetruth, requires that something more be said of her. I ask space to communicate a few incidents of her useful?r although somewhatretired ljfe. ' 7" She was born in ttte town of Henderson, Jefferson County, New York, on the 7th day of February 1829. Her father's family embraced the Gospel in the early rise of the Church, and Elder Orson Pratt married her eldest sister, the late Sarah M. Pratt. She weut to Nau voo in tho year 1813 and on the 21st of December of that year she was married to Reddin A. Allred. - . timely remarks by Presidents Layton and Johnson, the remains were followed to their last resting place by the sorrowing family and a long concourse of frieuds. : JP. C. .Merrill made the Dedicatory prayer. Com. Thatcher, Graham. Co., Arizona, March 23, ' 7 1892. " - - APPRECIATION. erect at the World's Fair, and .through the sale ot them are augmenting their amounts available tor building jmrporfes. Pope Leo XIII has written a letter strongly commending the Exposition, which it is believed will have a most favorable effect in all Catholic countries and communities. A feature of .Idaho's Exhibit at the Fair will be a practical illustration of the system and benefits of irrigation. A large section of sarrn hrnsli nJI will hp trnannrtf(l tn ( "liiUfW. Through this ditches will bo run and trues, -fruits and flowers will be grown in the soiby the irrigation system. Prospective Idaho set-- : . I wonder if any of us realize the amount of good accomplished by the women of Utah, organized into a society for the aid of the poor and suffering. ; , we could ascertain the If,,. by any means, ... v of the food and- - clothing dis e, Iwith- - h er h usban d r ece i ved -- thci r en- - moneyed-valu- e this exhibit. . dowments and were sealed in the Nauvoo tributed to the poor for the . past 25 years; and t ft ri' r l tir i womens uainoruia Temple, and left Nauvoo early in the spring if to this we add the number of hours devoted Francisco ine'isan of 1846, and came up with the advance camp to charity, we can readily see there would be TWL-- Kvh'ihif. fnr tliA Wnrld's Fair." is tho-of Israel at Pisgah. In the fall of 1831 she an immense cred i t dpjposi te.r t henam es of these -- name of ,a society-recen- tly can organizeu ' ' colis to : of the went to Utah and the family; located in Kays-"- ; silent workers. Francisco. The . society object ward, Davis Co. Suppose the country, were to pe deprived of lect a complete library of books by California scattered nJ)ctoberT852hef husandlarTedTon a , this society of benevolence, and each one of writers, files' of mission to the Sandwich Islands. He was ab us required to furnish his or her quota of time papers and sketches worthy, of preservation. who sent over three years,- and none but those and money for the benefit of the needy and These will be taken to Chicago and exhibited have "passed through like experiences know helpless; we would then become cognizant of durino; the Fair. After the Exposition the col- " " any thing about the haniships tnrougn wmeu their merits. Museum. she with her little ones passed in those long People iu general view their efforts with in difference probably because of their lack of is makingo years for the Gospel's sake. TIip Rnanl nf Tindv fanftrrprs ti that of will lines few here give a I poetry publicity. for an extensive exhibit showing These ladies ta whom reference is made do arrangements her husband sent home to her while absent on woman's share in the illustration of books,- in not pose as martyrs or heroines. ". that mission; which she prized very highly. enravinK and other forms of picture produc- without expectation They do good cheerfully ner recentisit io new iui& mrs. On the shore of the great Pacific sea, have the tiom uurmg satisfied if of they reward, quite Palmer consulted with a number of publishers At times in silence I roam; sympathy of those with whom they associate assistance from -- '- . . 'in - papers,-scrap-boo- " ks, ' " - ; - -- While the sound of the mighty water's roar As they beat Tipdir theTOcky-sbore-; far-o. home. And 1 think of my r t ;; The inmate of, my little cot, They make it a lovely horne; And were I free from laboring here, I would haste to those I' love-s- o dear In my Rocky Mountain home. -- -- ff . One moment alone I dare not reflect On scenes so lovely to me, Lest darkness enshroud me and despair Cause me to neglect the truth I bear To nations amidth.e, jea Then first of all is the Kingdom of God, And things pertaining thereto: There joys eternally will remain,. and received considerable and tne.approoation oi.ineir iuaiitr. "thenir Anisroi ictistinguisliea woman niusira-tor- s Unassumin'fr in manner they seem uncon wa3 secared and plans set on foot to obtain scious of the sacrifices they are daily making old volumes and manuscripts illustrated by nr the welfare of others. Indeed I believe woman, together with historical data concernlife one the of of in i3 heroism real more there share in. this line of work from ing woman's Alexander of ... that than i old dear mothers, our uown to tne present. ume3 ancient seek the applause or Napoleon. She does not A circular has been issued by the committee of the world, but aini3 rather to be a follower ed- of the lowly Jesus; for was not Hb whole life of the Indiana Worlds' Fair commission on the sick and comucation, art, charities and literature calling atspent in doing good, healing in tention to its work and asking forting the sad? Neither was He unmindful litof their temporal wants, for we read that he preparing a creditable representation of the eraircatu'.f otlndiaha. XBe committee states The same condition of things exists now as in that it desires a tabulated list of authors and in r.hronoiordfal ordpr the time of Christ. Wef can ea.?iljr. believe thpir wnrlr? nrrnnn-Pi. 1 . . on l .... ; . 