94 EXPONENT, WOMAN'S comfortable houses had goods.and 'list but not least by any means by. that time many C. R. 5a vale's Bazaar and Art oanery is sprung up, as it were, out of the ground; we found that the few packed full of everything nice and new in and soon to our joy edmen, of that solitary place, were glad that line; and the genial proprietor, who has cartered to the public taste for a quarter of a for us and the wilderness was beginningj . century deserves the patronage of histoid indeed, to blossom as the rose. . We all lived near together for mutual friends and new ones too. His selections CHRISTMAS TIME. in the wav of books are all that could be defence, and our Sabbaths were spent in -- lioly desired and hisjoys aralniQStinorefor-the- communjonc: and worship:: We Christmas time again and in some hearts the variety and ofofusion bewildertlie" purchaser realized the blessing of heaven upon the full tide of joy is running over, others there are iemed-- 1 n neh aburtdanreT"" jcompjet elyi AJ tporeilieiiSalt Xake:caitrLot Jand whps eho nifi sar About this time I wrote the following for they keep complain of its ways answer to the nierrie,merrie Christmas greetthe market well supplied with fine stationery ings of the great wide world; so much misery exists and current literature. for w hich no panacea is provided and none My Very Dear Mother: 7, has Store Woman's Thk I have written to you twice Ixfore, but Cooperative and to the tetider and sensitive soul as of kinds Christmas a of received no reply, my concern for vdu in. goods variety Mnog auiiu3 nidi t.diiuwi lltiUCU) 111c icaia and children well as for other ladies, that cannot be wiped a way, are sources of goods creases, but still I cling to the. hote that and furnishes and materials dress Yet one must not frown on the .world or trimmings this will rind you alive and well. establish of the the Throuirh mercy I am well and happv. parlors ,grow disgusted because all are not made happy it: ment are but each one try to do his share in relieving the running order, employing more so than I have ever been before. burden of want and care for some unhappy one, competent help and "guarantee satisfaction It is now nearly seven years since I left H t 'tiricttn-i. in .tl ic thezstoreiis Mi In time c ti i t r n nni.'p also .,w1 y r anu cuiuc iu una niouiuain not behind other shops, and it is a good valley, then a bleakcand barren wilderness It is good that this time of.refreshing comes, place to get hats and bonnets, besides woout 1 came nere witn a company ot saints men should institutions for the children who need these pastimes, in obedience to the law of the Lord; and patronize managed good and conducted who women have for stepped He has greatly blest us for our obedience, by good grown people who need this change from in forward the business. to of Go matter and has blest the land for our sake; so uaiiy toil ana to renew old time associations, or the Woman's' there Store see is and what to family relations. that it now abounds with corn7 fruit, and there before elsewhere. Were there not some day set a part for relax buy purchasing vegetables of almost every kind. All Tiik Juvenile Instructor is. a good place kinds of trees are growing ation and social reunions.Iife would become.stupid up and bid fair to do business in the way of Christmas and monotonous, and sentiment in families die to become as large and beautiful as those goods, they sell cheap, and supply country that surrounded the home of my childhood. demands: they keep a great variety of Children too are with money making speculations. Business bemultiplying around us, I fore pleasure has been so strongly applied that it stationery of the finest qualities, they have have already added three to the number of has come to be business before the expression of a jine stock of the best books, all the. Ghurcli-work- s, n and often wish ,1 had ..' your and are very accommodating. They you here to atiecuon even in me most tender relations of. life. help me manage them. also have a. good supply of toys, dolls, Dear mother, I have learned by experience the wearv, a time to feel for the needy, to gather games and" many such like articles for to try'rny best to be a saint that it is children and young folks, and there is of God ingood deed. one's own family round, the table of cheer; and Let us continue to very the hearthstone later, where stories, songs and scarcely anything in this style of goods or in 1UA tau uiaci uiuL we may ue' oenverea this line that one cannot find at this fine fluJ jests, fill up the time and old memories are awakfrom all error and false doctrine. That our new- - building ened and family incidents related that bind the just East of the Templeton minds may be enlightened to know the .hearts jOf children to the homestead, and. make Hotel. The Juvenile Instructor hnnrtenrne- - tru :z:, q. ia.: i understand the wil t ot the firmer the union of kindred and friends.: ly1)ound wuld' be air Lord and do it. r Gift to almost any one, and is safe to recomthe children's sake particularly we rejoice Dear mother, I can solemnly assure you nrwt ittfi.v rfpnrtArnPi-frtf mend in the Way of reading matter.- - . . in Christmas; . w MV.JJ i I J J that I do know by the gift and power of the ld human. hearts and i acquaintance sake," M pJxGiiQst, ..that-GoHis and the prej:iousjokensjtf jemembrancii that are marvelous XC0NTINUKD FROM PAGE 9l)--work of the last days.' To ' given and received on this blessed day, when for build and establish His kingdom upon up, ; ANGELINA. ine saice ot mm whose birth we commemorate we the for the salvation of all who t .1 , i rotnumt.a me earth, II' WOTC1S i'uui .urn iieeuy auunis vuuiutj After a few days spent at believe, and obey the srospel of his son: and "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of these the of the and enjoying hospitality saints, .gather out from among the nations to the little ones, ye have done it unto me." the delicious rest thus afforded us: after our Piace For -s- urely apppititing long and tedious journey, we. started again destriiction will come upon the wicked. to a distant valley in company with some Dear mother, let me ask, are you not a KniTORIArKOTES. of the older inhabitants, to form' a new believer in Jesus? .0 mother! I know that As settlement. we left A the bfdlPVP VOU comfortable Wlnf beautiful The Pansy, Calendar of Grant Bro's.- is a handsome souvenir of that en-- ,, city, to march through the dreary wilder of you then? But first to obey the first ot ness, l thought what seemed to me a principles of the gospel, faith; ternrisincro flrtn twt wW Aivv 1tr l VWlJf repentance, still useful nrtiVlp nf h greater hardship and a still more dreary and baptism for the remission of w. iivtvuuivj, UiUV tiiiU till our sins, of our father Adam journey, and our vijiaiutiu iuu4 uul is, unuouuieaiy a good mother-- Eve ditheJayiijon-.gift whenr for so: sihairirhoffence ' ' of the Holy Ghost. Then shall itrthe rr adyertismc investm be given very lovely thing and not likely to get out they were driven from Paradise. you, to know for' yourself, that: your sins e we reached our are forgiven and that this is the Weary and of sight on account of its size or lack of kingdom , destination. was It a naked valley SurV :We tender our thanks for the of God. beaut)-' With reference to th long journey to holiday remembrance, and wisk the firm rounded by rocky mountains. Here we sat down and' at least m I did) then this place, it is a SUOoevi liiKiinfk;; fjntiiroc fir 4lr nnr,iZr.r Wept greatvrindertaking; but ana : to ... God. prayea sang praise .4 the Lord, who has commanded, is our helo- year. The leader of our paity, a man made and our experience m alrour travels is Tim stores and shop windows, are bright venerable wisdom and years, then rose igr, by ' and gay with holiday good's of all descrip muiy ui, uy uiun sorrow ip whn f exhorted and up instructed us how to tions. Never before were "there so many journey I managed, : being young and draw lrom the necessities feutiful hfe7 .mentijiement raised his hands and blest the painjvas leaving vourit-w- as to Tiikn rpat nowadays. The book stores however are land, and the fountains of water, in the and abiding, sorrow, But on boardvship I the most interestmg to thevnterDuncan name of Israel's God. 5 found lie1 AlHster is. making a fine display, plentrofvOTooih keeps to live in rvT'.4-essayed tents and -- wuui3tvcu the .newest . books -niuiners, in the care ot th andmapXineXhe or wagonsrhuts bowersraslesr we could. T nnnlA J children. Wherever uwIul,i mm cmwjb, aim xias rYm.. We were comparatively while happy, trymany .handsome and unique souvenirs and ing hand and found comfort and peace irT to make each other so, and ing of the newest patterns and hr every one trying to comfort others. Our land of uslaborcd with all our might to journey make a 7 Krcai variety. Margetts Bros have also a field and 11110 plant it. Hue . and. t vk--tf there was love and r or. two full years r.- lived in a tent but were doing right, and rejoicing generally in the Camp of Israel. and ferns. M.iy their future I f as sweaas the sarins they sinjj for others. ' 'The kindest and the happiest pair, Will find occasion to forbear; And something every day they live, To pity, and perhaps forgive.' , - - r ead.aiid-whoseulscaiHKtal- - book-seller- s, seems-practicabl- e, . unhap-pines- s. Dress-makin- g - . 'V i . r C wk . ' - in-e- r - -u- xu-isiiiuim , " grand-childre- . , i . - I-- c e 1 V V for-'au- x- . -ha- s-commenced d '. ' 1 . 1 head-quarter- " s, '' jHis .. -- - - 1 . , v of-uan- ds : foot-sor- ,'-- - . " , : re 1 , 3 t 1 ... . 1 gift-boo- ks a. . i LiJii -- - V,5H!.Pl 