138 WOMAN'fiPJEXPONENT Caroline C. II. Wells. Moved and seconded that these by laws be prepared by the Com mittee and submitted for consideration at the next meeting. The Pres. said . she had a communication in'reference to uniting with the International federation of Press Uub3 Sister Tuttler ''I have spent nearly all my of the women of all lands, which she would state for the consideration of the Club; thought life in this Church. My heart's desire is to do there were many advantages to be gained by good and help in redeeming the dead, bhe IiL' il t illDe more conversant wun so doing, oiuer then spoke m tongues which was interpreted wouia ciuo worK anu nave greater ujjpujiumuea ui by Sister CastoT Coun. Sarah Peterson spoke at some length the Worlds Fair. A motion was made.anu carried that we obtain the money and join the in regard to the storing of wheat and fast federation as soon as possible. offerings. Other sisters spoke encouraging us Busa Y. Gates said she had a blank to to go on in the work of the Lord. Pres. M which she would like signatures to a petition "ArPrHyde spoke of the improvement of the to Congress, to make manuscript postage as sisters in the last few years. Also of wheat, also offered She a matter. fabaine, diseases and earthquakes. cheap asjprinted be all articles that Coun. John Maiben encouraged us to perin original put suggestion the hands of a good reader, without signatures, severe in well doing. with the object of improvement, thought this Pres. Peterson said we should look after Miss Davis, the young people as . they are more apt to go should be included in the "be should su ggested that certain bnes appointastray than thelderones. Choir sang "God ed to prepare original articles fori each meetmoves in a mysterious wav. Adjourned for three months. ing. An interesting original article entitled Mary Ann Frantzen, Sec read fulfilled" then Ruth was by "Prophecy M7 Fox. A little poem "Parting" read by MARICOPA. from-Washingt- on A by-law- s,; - , TlTrv ens cHiiueQ n. x ragmen jIJ i was mosti ReportoftheMaricopaStake' Conference rj. 13. M. expressively read by our popular elocutionist held at Mesa Dec. 12th 1891, Pres.; Mrs. C Louise Boyden, selected article on the Pomeroy presiding. There were present C. L Robson, Bishop "Ideal Woman's Press Club" read by Miss Davis who also suggested that we vary our kPassey and others of the leading brethren and sisters. Alter the usual exercises, rres. b. M. programme by reviewing the New Publications Pomerov said she regretted the small attend of Women. . , ... Susa Y. Gates suggested that'writers should ance, thought the extreme coldrweather (for take the Home Journal and Writer. The this climate) might be the cause. Pres. Barbara Lang said the report of the President then read an article entitled "The Mesa ward was about the same as last confer admission of members to Press Clubs,,. The doors should be guarded against adventurers ence, thought they were moving along towards of all kind3. In large cities all candidates the right but some were careless. . Melissa Hunsaker was surprised at being should have their vouchers. Various advantages in haying social communion and, called upon to report the Alma ward thought refreshments. together warms the there must be some good reason for Sister Klei "Eating v lifia rf n1 lAAonn a f atiia' to man not being present, as she was at her post when possible, had held regu cjs.eiupiiiiuauuii m mis jaci meu luuuweu - M. the Treasurer Ruth of through courtesy larly. :', Fox. .. V Pres. Susan Savage said the Papago ward Five new members were then proposed -- and were doing a little better than at last report. Pres. Esther Open3haw had a band of good unanimously sustained as members and meet- faithful sisters to labor with in the Nephi ward lug iiujourueu uii x eo. zom xovt; xeneaic-tiowas pronounced by Sarah White. with the help of the Lord were doing their duty. Lejii ward net reported. S. M. Pomeroy had visited all the wards and found things R. S., Y. L. M. I. A, AND P. A.. moving along well. M. A. Hakes rejoiced to meet with the REPORTS. sisters,felt that the plan of salvation was broad enough to take in all honest hearts. SANPETE. "S. A. Robson, C Averett and Lovina Brim-hamade, a fewltimely remarks. Dec. 19, 1891, Relief Society Conference of Brother Noah Brimhall and George F. the Sanpete Stake of .iori convened in Manti. Pres. M. A. P. Hyde presiding, choir sang Wilson gave some good advica to the sisters as 'How pleased and blessed was I." Prayer well as to the saints in general. Pres. C I. Robson was an advocate for short offered by Pres. C Peterson. Choir sang "Before Jehovah's "glorious throne." Pres. M. A. spirited meetings, said we have had a goocl P Hyde expressed her pleasure in having the time together spoke briefly upon the plan of rmnnrtnnitv nf mpptintr cilh 1Via ssistprs in Yvn. salvation and its benefits to the human family; after singing meeting adjourned for three ference, she felt to rejoice in this day although months benediction by K. Brimhall. we have trials of a different nature than we F. E. Robson, Sec. have had in former time3. JA'TheworkJ.ojTjhe Lord is progressing and it is necessary that we should have a testimony of the Gospel so that beaver. we will be able to prove faithful to the end of T" T 11 a . . .. 4V Pres. Lucinda Howd, local presidency of R. 8. and portions of Stake presidency of Y. L. and Primary Associations. Pres. R. Tyler presiding; after opening exercises Pres- - Tyier stated the object of the meeting in a few opening re- - .... . their-meeti- ngs ; v- ' , n ; -- ll . . - Editor Exponent: Relief Society of Gunnison, Manti, Mayfield and Ephraim. Coun. Elizabeth Allred spoke encouragingly to the sisters and boreher testimony to the truth of the Gospel. Sister Minerva Snow said she felt just as young in her spirit as she did 40 years ago. Do we appreciate the blessings we enjoy in having the Priesthood with us? Seek first the Having had a desire, ever since the union of the two bran cHe3 l6ntnFR. S. of Beaver City, to see all the sisters together and thinking the anniversary of the first organization of the R. S. in Beaver (City, Jan. 11, 1868,) an appropriate time, we accordingly assembled in the L. D. S. meeting-hous- e at 11 o'clock. There were t.present about auu nrty brethren and sisters. On the stand were iniuuiw u Anon vigttuittiiUU anQ rise and synopsis of progress of the Society was read by Sister S. M. Dell. Addresses bv ujnt&3. -- ' -- Stake Presidents Charles D. White and M. L. Shepherd, also Wm. Fotheringham Stake Pres. of S S., and Bishop Geo. Mumford, Stake kingdom of God and its righteousness and all other things shall be added unto you. Sister Matbeni testified that the Lord would hear and answer prayers; said woman's work is great in her sphere. Be humble and prayer- fur continually that you may not be led away ' from righteousness. "Sisters-- M. A. Tanner, DTITCox, L-Howd, H. rothenngham, J. liickley and R. W Tyler in their respective positions as the different local presidents were next in order. An elegant and substantial lunch' was next I r. i ii itDy rresi-dent- s serveai auer wnicn we were aauressea White, Shepherd and Fotheringham, Patriarch D. Tyler and Bishop Mumford. All spoke highly of the Society the good it had, done and was still doing. The disbursements for charitable purposes during the last six months being something over one hundred ill dollars. Songs and music were furnished by our ever genial friends Brother R. Stoney and W. G. Bickley, assisted by May Bickley as organist, and astring band composed of young men all of whom kindly lent their assistance to- make the occasion an agreeeble one. ,, During the lunch and between exercises kindly greetings were exchanged, and after benediction by D. Tyler all dispersed, to their homes feeling they had spent an enjoyable day. R. W. Tyler, Pres. Mary A. White and Jane Bickley, Counselors; Alice M. T. Tanner Sec. Louisa Jones, Assist. Sec. . - " " mi b a T w fl 1 I WASATCH. ... n r nn Taan nr rrr itr nAnn.AW A n iqt tnri QTiT Stake was held at Midway Sept 24th, 1891 Pres. Emma Brown presiding. Conference : i ;u jsiugiug uy il. in xv.uv vrnu ine ftwflkfv mv slnTTKprini?r '0. uuujLueuucu at fJrlwfttr nKnir minstrel." Praver bv Bishon N. C. Murdnnk ' singing "God. moves in a mysterious way." The roll was called 14.Officers present minutes of last conference were read and accepted. Pres. Brown said the Lord has blessed us in A mt ml otiir ira T7Q frtf toVi o A oat mi ftfn ia o Kttq A In the earth we are blessed with peace and plenty. 1 1 n TrvrvV n rA Vi nrrrani Society that it might be a blessing to the poor and needy both temporally and spiritually. Heber East Ward was then reported by Sister Margaret Muir, .she said they had many good sisters in the ward who were up to their duties, while some were rather backward; felt thankful to the Lord for health Bumeieni xo oe aDie 10 come to conierence, desired the blessings of God to continue with us. Sister C. Foreman - - in reporting Heber West . ctt " -- --- - ;; - ! i' yara said tney naa testimony and sewing meetings and she knew they were blessed of the Lord,thought she could see a little improvement, felt well in this work and to see so many present. Said we should endeavour to instil principles of truth into the hearts of our children and try to live so that when the winds oi adversity blow upon us we may be able to stand firm and faithful. Wallsburg was reported by Sister Meacham said she esteemed this a grand privilege to meet with the sisters in conference, ftnd w sbnnld show that we j tne Dlessings we enjoy by attenaing appreciate to duties our as members of the. Relief strictly Society; said there were not many that came , to meeting as a rule, but those that do come have a good time generally; we should set an example before our children and the world that is worthy of imitation, if we prove faithful the Lord will not forsake us. Conference adjourned till 2 o'clock. Benediction by Elder Robert Lindsay. . S5fescicQnt j ' 