WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 45 Think of prohibiting a woman, with such pluck purple fruit; snowberries in declare my conviction that justice and fair dealgreat abundance, energy and ability to maintain herself in the gave a softening tone to the vivid colors and the ing, and the democratic principles of our governheart of a wilderness, from being a pretty hair-belhung Jheir dainty headsn all ment, demand equal rights and privileges of citizen even to the franchise. She buys and sells sorjs of rough places with a welcome sweetness citizenship, irrespective of sex. I have not been sows and reaps, plants and gathers lien own .that mingletl with the odor of pine and hemlock able to see "any good reasons for denying the sheaves of wheat and of corn, raises her potatoes; wafting" fresh fragrance through the ambient. Vir. ballot to women." works her own mines, pays her taxes the same as One cannot help.a' certain sense of restfulness Here is another very forcible expression of Mr. any man would do, but has not the legal right to in these vast solitudes of nature, and thoughts Whittier's of? this subject. ,fA prophecy of your shall make on the assessments her and memories are spontaneously awakened that ,say who triumph at no distant day is in the air; your opwhat disposal shall be nfade of the have been dormant in the soul for years, perproperty, or ponents feel it and believe it. They know that accumulation of taxes. from her hardly earned chance for ages, who can tell? Truly as the imyours is a gaining and theirs a losing cause. a Such woman it would seem in mortal Byron has said: property. You can afford in your consciousness of right to iustice to her couraget prudence and economy, be as calm and courteous as the Archangel "There is a pleasure in the pathless woods' should have due consideration for the example Solitude' hatrfits charms for a little season, the Michael,who we are told in Scripture, in his "she has given to men in that locality.. Her place with Satan himself, did not bring a murmuring pines however have voices, - that controversy is a picture, a pastoral scene in the great wilder, sometimes seem almost human, they sing to lis railing accusation against him." ness mountain country, we saw her one morning the death this of illustrious Although the weirdest melodies, and one of imaginative poet, standing near her cabin, clad in garments such as and a Christian casts shadow over patriot those wood-nympin- hs another woman might wear, white basque, and temperament could well fancy who loved himyet his death was simply beautihabiting these sequetered and lonely haunts in skirt of some brown material, feeding her brood the mountain wilds and fastnesses, where human ful., The passing from this dark and benighted of chickens, and this little incident in itself having world into the'light of eternal day, with such a .'eet have scarce trod for lo, these many years, heard something of her strange surroundings and record as he had made must have been a triiimnJii. save the wild red man, who bounded stealthily a whole certain charm to the history, gave past winter ofiSS6 to. heke-as-i- i t iancrerrrta 1 our7 meet the venerable gentleman and poet Mr. epand aflhjjiat woods resound now and then with the echoing thoughts went back to Hagar in the desert, and blasts of the miners fuse of Whittier ,at his own, "old home in Amesbury. powder and dynamite, Some we felf how much women had risen in dignity interesting items of that visit were pub the mountains in places are being tunnelled and and self-helsince that day. the beautiful forests cut away that the gold and lished in the Exponent after our return home, A pretty romance containing much truth, and but we have never felt that we could give expresthe silver may be quarried through-vein- s of mindelineation of character might be woven out of eral from the heirt and bowels ef these solid and sion in words to the enjoyment of that day. this wonderful and mysterious character, who has We conversed together like familiar friends. that men. may grow rich crossed the great ocean and the wide expanse of stupendous mountain5, and prosperous in the earth, may build reat It was a very cold wintry day, the wind blew land from the broad Atlantic into the Rocky cities and carry out the discoveries of arts and fiecely outside, and no other visitors ventured mountains and further still the land bordering on out, therefore there was a better opportunity for sciences brought to light in this age of invention or near the Pacific, plunged into the very depths talking. Mr. Whittierthforriied the writer it .was and enterprise. : of the wilderness where 'bears,. w;p Ives, coyotes, next we she'll give a description of a trip the first time he had seen a "Mormon"' woman, ' and savages abound, apparently without fear, to IntheourGem and he seemed to take a special interest in in- mine, and other interestirigincidents or it be rebellious and may trusting perchance, "quiring concerning our faith and practises, in the of our visit to this ct7unt7yTf pines and mines. is who Here knoweth? a to be defiant, problem most kindly manner. We talked of woman e a of woman from isolated solved, capable living and he expressed then a'nd there his imEDITORIAL NOTEr human society, in voluntary solitude, apart from-th- e plicit faith in the principle of equality of sex. , woj-ldsuch an one must, be a rare type, an The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society Poets and poetry were topics alluded to and he It be if would witha she should anomaly. die, pity JS seareia-ap- i ot egaru rrgsorn e Uf baliftirrfirnlrarnfcZig :outits3 our writers of whom he had heard notably in this City on Friday, September and unusual mode of life. She looks like other Assembly Hall Eliza R. Snow and Parley P. Pratt. ' Very deli a. m., and at 2 p. at 23, meetings commencing jo women, she talks well, is gives'food lke4ra-nehem ., as usual Officers; from-al- l ef the j J?MeIi.heputthe q ueslipn :ind4 a ve Pn oth card and" shelf er-- " fo theTweary traveler and wayfarer, that you sometimes write verses as well as edit a Society in the county are urgently requested to when he is hungry or benighted; is somewhat paper?" The question led us farther, on and on shrewd in the management of her property and come, that there may be a fair representation of and finally when about to say good bye afier he the work with its growth, development and proestate. She has undoubtedly deliberately chosen had given a picture of his room and one or two gress temporally and spiritually.'. this sort of life ohtx remembrances, he so insisted on our reOne finds many things in this wild mountain maining and dining with him that it would have different from the ideas previously country widely been positively rude to refuse. JOHN GREEKLEAF WHITTIER. entertained. For Instance one is apt to think, His voice was sympathetic, his manner courtly that the people living so far removed fromrjarge The distinguished New England Quaker Poet, and tender, his words and imprescities would be uncouth in manner, and not J. G. Whittier, departed this life sive he was Sept. 7, 1892. Altogether decidedly charming in versed in the etiquette of society of modern Deceased was born Dec. 17, 1S07 and was in his appearance and bearing. a times, in fact ignorant and uneducated for the 85th year at the time of his passing away. Perthe Among precbus relics stored away by the main part. 'Travelers; and visitors here however, is there has not an been a from this renowned author and writer American so letter writer haps soon find to their astonishment, that many of the near to the hearts of the o people as this beloved poet which-is-tbecarefuiry 7preseror and people gathered .into" th ese vales in the mou and illustrious poet and patriot. Certainly his handed down to our children and grand-childreare people of refinement and culture; they heart overflowed with love of all good and noble With the name and fame of the poet Whittier have come here for health or for wealth, and and humane work for the uplifting of the human are associated many illustrious heroes of .the sometimes, linger because they love the country family. time, nearly-al- l "of whom went oh" before him. 7,..,,and the associations they have formed here. The greatest poets America has produced, Wm. Lloyd Garrison, Wrendell Phillips, James Hospitable to a degree unsurpassed in any Bryant, Longfellow and Whittier, are gone now. Russell Lowell, Lucretia Mott and - only rein respect to the little amenities and who shall take their places? To be sure the cently George William Curtis, and Emstine L. ; -works-the- y and courtesies of life. stilllmd RoseTTEethTee during this- - month: were is will be as long as American literature survives, Murray not quite so flourishing apparently George William Curtis, John G. Whittier and as when we were here three years ago, but we but they are gone to the higher life beyond. Emstine V. Rose. L found, some of the same people who were so pro The great, noble and grand labors of Mr. iJ?ilYllWmd.el.LHolmes.forso many years his fuse in their attentions then, still living here and Whittier in the movement trie active-par- t true and well-triefriend must feel bereft inothers had gone, some changes in family rela- he performed during those early days when deed. Among this cias of men who have not y tions that were Sad and surprising, but the beauty was very unpopular, are worthy the been mentioned here one remembers of the of the pines and woodland walks was unchanged. bvJ alf' frrie invers nf Uhfrtv . proudest. recognition N. P. Willis, Bayard Taylor, Walt Whita ,0- - , The pines murmured and sighed as sweetly and Mr. Whittier was for forty years one of the man, Henry Ward Beecher and others, gone pathetically as ever, and the nooks and dells in most staunch, firm and ablest friends of the cause but not forgotten. the deep recesses or ravines, were as romantic of woman suffrage that the country has produced. The following poena, was written by Mr. Whitand fairy like. The shrubbery that gave the At the time of his death he was tier a very short time before his death to his dear most gorgeous effect to the scenery was the of the Massachusetts Woman Suffrage Associaand friejid Oliver Wendell Holmes. beautiful mountain ash laden with great clusters tion. of scarlet berries, and these were set off and con- Recently Mr. Whittier made the following Anion g the thousands who with hail and cheer" new e.ar,. , gicefailv.-4aQelder berryH' 'umuns How few of all have pissed, as thou and I, - bushes, that drooped laden with rich clusters of Journal: For forty years I have not hesitated to So many milestones by! ' 7"J jvrsi full-fledg- ed ls 4 -- ilKiourTorf :&hrrlhfe3 a -- p -- suf-frag- -- 1 kind-hearte- hi " 1 d, ) -- s well-chos- en ns, n. . have-producedareiy- ingi . " anti-slaye- ry d anti-slaver- - de-part- ed fc Vice-Preside- nt life-lon- g - J v ' jt.-.- j- - 'His 