WOMAN'S EXPONENT; -- JM " men's wives, mothers, daughters, and sisters . mother for his which seems to me most in our favor, is ths having any voice at an m matters they are laborer in g"lure ana a Detter society.: in, and as interested to them pertain far greater interest taken by English women justmucH just as any. . ;5aj lhe 1diiiicultie3 Tsurmoiinted and m as politics, Jocal .and general. They under.'""' iruuiUi 1? to the enfran If governments derive their just powers from ,1vxuicuL"r:JCwoman. stand the questions of the day, and are by that There is no pood arwj- - much better of . those consent the what justice can J iiit-fitted to be. tho companions of their . . . governed, . . . n rra mat ' if... i " " 1LaUfeUw show,' m there be m withholding from a portion of the wnere C places husbands and sons. As a result of this doA.i of k siifrr.aryi,rtc, right citizens the to mestic aspect of political questions, men of intelligent right give consent fewer divorce cases; fewer "insane, fewer when many or them are property owners and fomm better class go into political life with us than ' ana a Vi better social condi.P?ons earners and are required to pay the same per- - "I is, I judge, the casejwith In this there is jou. r break ; taxation without cent taxrwhich-iimmense: up of tho advantage to the peace of home nor degrade woman, and I mam one ..causes ot ine oi and if revoluI the thinir tion, country ..V:. tW gnght' make one suggestion do" ; ; - 1 "r- . 1 . 1, well-bein- some men the so called iu- - -- toahoc- whose niotle oflife - g -- has-bccn- "8o ' el to the laws, if they commit crime they. have. to"" fidei to not hoi. oquently suggestive to me, I would beseech evfi in fliA KIKlo uu vuice m good TVomen everywhere to giveiconscientJou the nasnt read it and does not know what is in pay petittii-- uui, uttvo making " it. :".r:: laws. study to theso public questions, in the muthink- if it is " l understood will it properly There are great men. and women at present, meet a nicipality, the State and the nation. For I response in every heart believe that,; with the participation of women who are making every effort possible to remedy : Annie E. Waldhon. in government, the good of the people (which this evil in our government for it is surely means the coming of Christ Jnto the laws of getting the nation in a dangerous condition. It -jLABY-SOMEltSETS thir natioii) w inextricably blended. The h ascaused the decay of "'other"greal nations 3300DBYR "have "eerved" their country and it is time to guard against such a result, Lady Henry Somerset says, in a pleasant beyond telling, by bringing these sacred ques-tion- s and what we want is an amendment to the farewelMetter of human weal to tho hearts and hearth- to the Union Signal: Constitution of the U. 8. putting women on an equal with their husbands for it will elevate It has been said that I am writing a book stones of the people. It is my solemn conviction that with all this better understanding them and thereby elevate the race. concerning my impressions of America. NothAnd now, we the women of Utah let us ing could be further from the truth. I found as to the real mission of politics shall eume the greater and more Christian America ior lend them all the aid we can by informing it enough to breathe your air, to live your life, which we hope and pray. Perhaps the Mothourselves, understanding our position, and pro-,- s to make myself a part of all I sawwithout er do Country may you its greatest service by claiming the advantages of "Liberty 16 all,"; aiming to enact the role of the typical Briton proving tho that participation of women in lou d and long, wherever the opportunity is - on his travels. I camenot toeacb, butto - will be a surer solution of our sogovernmentafforded ns, for liberty is dearjust as dear to be taught. cial problems; for we are practically certain to a mother as a father. " But, concerning my impression?, I may tell precede you in putting to mi a largo I think the women of our Territory should you quite confidentially that the intelligence: scale the theories yon have propounded. ' It h take hold of the suffrage question with zeal and education of the rewell-nigpositive that within five years woand prepare ourselves to use our rights if they markable acumen and versatile acquirements men will be as thoroughly enfranchised us men are' granted us, intelligently. There are a of your women, the universality Ot the cold-watGreat dinner table, the freedom and courtesy throughout class of men in our Territory who heartily endorse the mo ve taken" in oar .'favor, while; of the press, the progressive quality, of men's ECONOMY OF TIME. there are others who are - narrow and say, minds, so that they seem to take as a matter of course women which in are equals, the' way that "they want their wivess at home," simply A very important lesson to be learned in life American know'that-home-ia" men share with their wives the cares woman's selfish. We sphere and if ;she has a family her pride and of home and children, the independence of is to economize our time. Some people value ambition is, and should be, to contribute every, young women in the general conduct of life, their time as their estate, while others scarcely thing that will tend to elevate the standard. ofr and especially, the pursuit of a vocation rather learn its value, tilUt is too late. If habits of carelessness and idleness are formed in youth,, than a husband though not at all to the pre in wnien see moves. her home and A home nresided over bv :'""a virtuousrcleanlv ' judice of their finding that husband the good they cannot be so easily thrown off as they are and cheerful woman may be the scene of many comradeship between young men and women, formed. How nece sary it is then in youth to euuoblim? relations in life endeared to man by boys and girls; the almost uuiversal sobriety form habits that will be of benefit throughout our lives. Lost knowledge may bu regained of women these, with the bouudless distances, many delightful associations; furnishing a by study; lost health by temperance: but lost sweet resting place after labor, a comfort in rapid transit, and the varied scenery, have lm time cannot be replaced. How often we hear characteristics of .pressed me beyond any other misfortune and a joy. in prosperity. this happy country of the Larger Hope. people say they would do tun, or that, if they Lucy Stone, one of the foremost iswomen of In some respects ray own dear laud excels "had time." Many who might be called selfi-dthe age once said, "Woman's nature stamped excuse themselves from doing much, that and sealed by the Almighty, and there is no vou. even in the particular that is your moat His eye strikingquality progressive thought. Imako , might bo accomplished. Seek oiit thos.i in any danger of "her unsexing herself while of our own govern- - community, who have done the moat for them watches her." This as a rule, I think, is true no plea for the superiority ha given U3 selves and helped no one in special, or tried to and the argument used against it that ''politics ment, hut.I merely state that it accurate postal service, and soothe thoso in affliction, or seek to bless any are too dirty for women to dabble in," is weak, far more rapid and one, and you will find that they will be thought les3 destructive to human life, for if polite are too dirty for women they are railways much an almost useless element in society.' But on do "not provide the comfort too dirty for men and a reform is surely needed although they the other hand a person who does all that he ' and the luxury that I find in thi3 country. and woman's influence i3 good. The smoking car on your trains seems to be or she can, for the general good of the people It is said that the first ;rench revolution a degradation. I have .been obliged to pass you will find, they are those who are always and are always highly respected. This through it several times, and grieve, to see that active, is permitted thiog strictly pro- - clas3 of people, no matter how pressed with Z of fluence woman, h " business, always seem capable of doinj a little r MhifPrlnn F.no ,h ra wavs. It is sad to see wt USJ " . . TJanftloftii said. "Ihe creat nuub mi Th P ., i l This class of people may ever by relied on how this demoralizing atmosphere has mmueu France is mothers." The character of the wothe nvMinmf srt that the uucleanlv floor and with more assurance than the idle class. It is men had become depraved which is equal to easier for one who 13 always doing something,... ... Ihe sickenineo air are not- distasteful to them, ' correct to and to do a little more, than lor an idle ner.--n to ... saying the race was depraved, to be A sf.nnf fid manhood must result from tbo na removed, the evil the cause would have tional custom that this ' black hole of Calcutta" arouse himself to action. If you give a busy mothers. the elevate and educate " that means to " person something extra to do they wi!!soon car illustrates. about much so hear not true-wdo is It e have it done; while an idle person will want our telegraphic system is under fact The that The greater part great women as great men. control is of inestimable value to to put it off till tomorrow, or another time. government woman in the, of the influence exercised by Too much leisure time proves a cure if we do our people. We can send twelve words for necessarily r.irter not make- a proper use of it A very good twelve cents to any part of the United Kingh their best work in motto is to.try to build upwhat we can horn dom. Our civil service, being wholly divorced their greatest home, of fiftfilusion the nnipt the fragments of time. It is said that the gold is in every way more satisfactory. from politics, are domestic, dust is swept up from the floor and coined. triumphs, because private andwithout to me that any people so inconceivable is It We should learn from this, the nobler economy rarely recorded, but she is not on the Americans should' patiently as intelligent propagatof time. Use all our spare moments in study, her influence lives and goes with changing every local postmaster up put . . ou are something that will ennoble the mind. Wo ing itself forever. with every change of President. flbw"ev'Fl'et''tts,,w'ak ahead oruX'fiowrverriTtlaryuar civil service viz; in "end perfect view, for'the strove to improve tneir spare moments, rwmo interest great more widely open to women. are examinations her make to of them were so poor, that they had not oil to education and elevation of. woman One of 'the differences between our countnej better a husband,, abetter companion 1 .. . -- - . white-ribboner- s - r- a-te- s, your-wage-worker- h Britain.. er - - -- - the-soci- ety i -- ZJi: flf r a;f r h-v- :-o card-playin- g . if - - 1 - . . - her-re-ward- for-he- r , . X 