WOMAN'S 70 , stand they now before the pleader; And one pointing to the other sayeth, "My beloved Son, hear Him." In the same region my mind travels far back to the centuries that "are long gone by. And imagination .pictures.. the. vast ... congregating loL two great armies; numerous descendants of two brothers; now gathering their most powerful force for the terrible and final conflict, which subsequently blotted out from this land of promise, two great and powerful nations. I see Moroni, as sole survivor of his people, ....standing: midst the great and appalling desolation of that dreadful battle- fieid -- ---- : S. EXPONENT h. CO. W. S. A. The regular monthly meeting of the Salt Lake Co. V. S. A was held in the 13th, Ward Assembly Rooms on Tuesday Sep. , 20th,:, 1892, Pres1 t. E. Howard presiding.. " Opened by singing "Oh Come Come Away M. Price. Singing, "Hark prayer . . the Sound"etc. Minutes of the previous meeting read; discussed and amended. SQme instructive reniarks were made. by Pres't. E. Howard, TeV: Vice Prest. Emily S. Richards, E. M.Price and Margaret A. Caine, after which by-E- . -- the- - program was rendered -- as -- folio ws individuals who were not represented, and fancied that some who came to see the box feel1 that opened would turn sadly away and they had been forgotten or neglected. Wished to see all the members of the wa drawn close together, and txi one in hear, L followed by Brother Andrew Watson (Counselor) Sister Mary John, President of all the branches of the Relief Society of Utah Stake, Anna K. Smoot President of the Primary Association, Emily G. Cluff, Counselor to Sister 1 John, and Mary and Agnes Farr, and others. . There was also a history of the ward by E Booth pictures of the offic-- " Bishop-Joh-n ers of nearly all the Church organizations, books, letters, mementoes etc.; deposited in the. box. The dedicatory prayer was offered by Bishop Booth, and the honor of finally closing up the box was delegated to Brother William Harrison. In the evening a fruit festival was given, which was well patronized, and a thorough He-was -- Elizabeth Mc. Farlane 'on the charter. con ferred upon Salt Lake City from the year i860, to 1872. K. M. Price had lound what powers, (the Charter) had conferred upon one ialf of the inhabitants of Salt Lake City, and defined the duties and powers of City officers. Prest. Howard read a list of questions to :be answered at the convention in this City- E. J. m Oct. E. S. Richards read notice of convention, also list of subjects upon which information was wanted for the "World's W. S. A. REPORT. Fair" which subjects were discussed by the Miss Maude Pratt again yori glorified and immortal messengers ladies, present. On September 28, 1892, the Woman Sufdelighted the association with her lovely which" flies through the midst of heaven, frage Association of Ogden City met in the lxihold. the prophet of the Ancient voice, accompanying herself on the organ, Educational Institute of the Fifth Ward. after which the meeting stood adjourned for Nephites. He is earthward bound, and Mrs. E. Y. Stanford presiding at; the rewends his way towards the depository of one month, at the same time and place. quest of President Brown whose health did C. C. R. Wklls Sec. his long concealed legacy- - The time has not admit of her being present. Sarah fully come. The mandate has been issued, Richards offered an appropriate opening to release it from its hiding place and send SOCIAL REUNION. prayer, Ella Smith Winters read an essay, it to the inhabitants of the earth. own composition from a back number 1 note with satisfaction that he entrusts ' A social reunion was held on Sept.4, 1802, her of the Woman's Exponent entitled "Woit, with its mission, to the future prospects, at the Fourth i Wardmeeting house, Provo, by man's mind equal to man's." of the appointed youth, who was praying in the Reliet oi that ward, lor the purbociety Maty Cole next entertained the ladies the woods. Box: of their which with the "Song that reached my heart." Jubilee pose sealing up But we must now leave this favored lad it is designed will be opened by the mem-- : This young lady, is one of the sweet singers with the&c e oers oi Tms issociaiion iweniy-nvon the Weber and her effort on this occasion years ' Career for we have been moving rapidly hence. ' was enchanting, it "reached the heart of onward 'and soon find, ourselves whirled inv D. from S. E: Sirigfinc: 7:Hymn Book. all." ' to the busy metropolis of this great ModOpening prayer by Sarah E. Cluff. The .The Hon..: Joseph. Stanford was then" in- ern Nation, which is as unconscious and -- made- the IesidentisteiAVatson, opening ""Ifoduced as""havTng ''"Dn'soliated" by the unmindful tfthebleached reniarks, announced the obiect of the meet committee to lecture before the association. highly favored, but alas,now extinct nation, ing, and greeted all present. This gentlemen said it was well known j as is a newly born babe of the sins of the charThe papers, principally historical in that he was in sympathy with, and an adworld. read were and that acter, deposited in the vocate of woman suffrage and he advised a And now adieu to serious as were to follows: box i reflections; n persistent, firm advocacy on the part of mental meanderings mid the scenes of yore. Minutes of the first primary meeting. for the right of franchise. It was woman's The present demands our undivided attentogether with the organization , ; was read by privilege to be elevated to the possession tion and if is soon monopolized by the Sister Jane B. Snyder, present President. and enjoyment of all that man aspired to sights that are presented to the natural eye. Also minutes of the last meeting, together attain to in an intellectual and useful life. New York, with its scores of crowded with a sketch of its progressive steps, There existed in woman's nature and being streets, its high and imposing buildings, and the sentiments and blessings to those all the its elevatedzraiIroads and numerous ferry to whom the paper was addressed. This found inattributes, faculties and senses to be man, why should they remain in boats; its suspension bridge and its many association also deposited in the box a bound her dormant, uncultivated and undeveloped, rivers, its ''Statue of Liberty" . and its vol. , Junvenile Instructor No. 26, and the would add much to the sweetness ofgreat ships to. say .nothing. oLtheever" tliree children - of- - Sister-Sar- ah E. Cluff" man's existence and the pleasures and insurging .flood of industrious humanity, vol., 25, same publication, a gift to the fluence of home to make her his companion which without a lull throngs its busy Primary Association at the time of opening in the broader sense of the term. He bethoroughfares. all. all. afforded interest: the box. lieved that when the sexes corner and were a sotnrapfonder to' one' so J together Sarah E. Cluff read a paper on the fi ret on an in nearly education, where lately released lrom the rurality of the organization of the Relief Society of that the woman's equality mind had been trained and Rocky Mountains. ward, which occurred on May 1st, 1868 informed on all subjects accessible to man My traveling: companion was an excellent Gave the names of the officers, and those that she would make a better wife and guide, especially for one who was as much i who made the organization. - All imnartrmr mother, than the Untutored and uncultivam me piace, as were the rest of changes were noted, and closing rmnorw ted-and a r consequently "ignorant "mother" uicuiacu a spini 01 love and harmony. Jis;bu could possibly do; posterity-woulalso be nearest "Cop' of whom he inquired the general address written by Delia Ina benefited by such equality for as features, way, and then lost no valuable time in Booth, and addressed to those whn in traits character and physical defects are finding the place. In this manner we were open the box was read; v in part transmitted to posterity, so are the elided up throug-- Broad wavfnKTc,; Bishop John E. Booth address 00. good parts and qualities of our being, and or beginning of the Brooklyn Bridge7 And sembly, expressed his pleasure in a . what " (ill greater boon or legacy can parents after a ratlier extended pull . proval of what the sisters were doing Did in reaching the huge pillar, column, or ujjuu uu&piiiig man tne Denehts de- pile not anticipate being present when the box rived from their mutuajlydey eloped mental -uc cunea, irom which was opened; Put could readily ij.iuv,uvm.m4ji. that perceive and moral natures. the. suspension really .begins:,. t would be ah hour of exouisite to le&akeijmdextesslv?ref events in the past history of the world in douuii uigauiiuuuub jn me ward as well as support of the theory of the ability of wo- He contemplates with bleeding heart, the marvelous disaster; and ponders over the causes which have brought it about. I see him deposit a treasure; the re cords of these Nations in yonder Mount, the hill "Cumorah;" so that these tribes or people, who may, in the time to come, in habit this land, may learn of the lives of "theseaborigmes, and take timely- - warning- from their destruction. And now Moroni is no more. He has gone the way of all flesh. And centuries dark and drear pass by. But anony in : -- -- - -- -- - . : -- wo-me- . : - - , , sir-ange- d : h soSjylt.U2r w . 