Rights of the Women oj Zionand the Rights of the Women of VOI.. 21. all-Nation- s. SAlvT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 1,71892 No. z CONTENTS. Isabella of Castile. In Rural Encland- - A Story.. Trip to England. S. L. Co., W.S.A. Social Reunion E. J. W. S. A. Report Pacific Coast Woman's Press Association The Journalist. The National Council of Wo menRachel Foster Avery. National Council of Women of the United States. Woman's News Almy Priscilla Alden. Notes and News. Editorial: Mass Meeting of Women. Columbus Day. Columbus Day in Chicago. Death at the AVhite House. - Editorial -- Note; Poetry: The Sego Lily L. Lula Greene Richards. Our Union Lu Dalton. What Will the Future be? Zina C. Walker. The Robin's Nest Ellen Jakeman. -- From the east and the west, Come, ye sad and oppressed, . Plant your feet on our free, fertile soil, Plow and sow, reap and mow, Set your fruit trees And rejoice in the harvest of toil. : y ; '' obedience of kings and potentates declaring themselves their superiors in power, telling kings and governments that they only held their crowns at the disposal and the pleasure of the Pontiff of Rome and unless they bowed and were subject to His supreme authority they had the power to Here no kings shall oppress, absolve their subjects from their allegiance No harsh law give distress, Rich nor poor, great nor small, will we know, and to put others in their places a power claimed by .Rome and exercised by them at Hand in hand, side by side, that..time Jhroughoutl the whole Christian -friendship abide, We'lljn 1 world.""". When we reflect upon the surEqual all, neither high nor low. roundings of Isabella during her childhood ' "' We have lakes deep and wide, g and.early youth we'are led to admire rivers besides, Rolling individuality of character, and indeWe have mountains and islands outspread, pendence of spirit manifested by her We have sun, we have snow, throughout her brilliant and exalted careerf Glaciers high, meadows low, It is true that the Church of Piedmont THE SEGO LILY. And the blue, smiling sky overhead. maintained its independence for centuries but after years of noble but ineffectual ' UTAH'S FLOWER. While the earth's wide wings sweep, struggles were compelled to submit to the While the ocean rolls deep, What other flower so well could represent thee, power to which all seemed to bow,- In that, And the seasons their yearly course run, Dear Utah, in, high courts, where kings may refuge of the oppressed behind the lofty Let this fair western land M bulwarks of the mountains the Waldenses tread, As a safe refuge stand claimed and maintained their rieht to As the White Sego, which once kindly lent thee, For the homeless whenever they come. For thy new guests, new hopes, when hope had liberty and to worship' God according to Lu Dalton. their consciences prefering the hardships of v2-. fled; their lot to submission to the then prevailing And like fat quails and precious manna sent thee, For famished souls, afforded meat and bread? power. ISABEEEA OF CASTIEE. In the fifteenth. century,. light ..began to WhenstrongBmeja-rededrlromrhangwomenc 17 "the patriotic women TcTawii iTpoii the iiii nds o fm en a spark that was TioistEere among fainted, of America whose heart does not bound yet to be kindled into a name that would : And little ones cried plaintively for food, with enthusiasm at the name of Isabella of spread and bum throughout Christendom. Came the dark.Indian, with facebright painted, Castile; and in whose breast is not kindled There ,Md been Wycliffe in England boldly Pointi ng where - Sego - plan ts the hilltops a for her character and asserting his right to disseminate the truth gleaiiToradraiioii . strew'd; emulateLheiL. graces and -- her- contained in tlie Holyscripttires, and: the ajdesire-to- . -And from" that" "da'ytlie"modest' flower"' was virtues. It seems to be a law of the great right of the people to read in their own sainted, controller of the events that govern the language, ready and willing to lay down his ' Whose juicy bulb had famine's rage subdued. destiny of nations, even of Him who saith life for the principles of truth in which he to the raging sea, "thus far shalt thou go. believed; and it. was by a decree of the And oft in sterile waste, all unattended, and no farther," it seems to be His will council of Constance, that more than forty The Sego decks some lone, neglected tomb; that at certain stages of the world's history years after his death his bones were ex- Many we find more elegant and splendid, certain individuals should be raised up to sit hunied and after being publicly burned the In rich attire, with luscious, sweet perfunie; ashes were thrown into a neighboring brook; in- - high places differing in many. respects But which hath man so generously befriended, from those that have preceded them and but though the body may be burned and Of all the flowers which o'er the Wasatch "r";i" bloom? particularly fitted to perform a certain work, the ashes strewn to the four winds vain are efforts of man to stop the progress of which in the providence of the Almighty O'er the Queen Rose we all may be ecstatic. truth, and the seeds sown by Wycliffe, were is then designed to be brought about beAccord the Indian Paint Brush charming cause the set time has come when that growing and bearing fruit in the hearts of "whicli' Has long been hidden from the many. The writings of Wycliffe liaci conpower, Yet let not grateful memory prove erratic, knowledge of the greater portion of the verted a John who was stirring up the sister's Or grant to Marguerite her dower; human race is about to be made known for minds of the people in Germany and a Of hardihood and Faith most emblematic, Jerome of Payne who' not only raised Jheir the benefit of all generations. We vote the Sego Lily Utah's Flower. It was at such a period of time as this voices against the corruption and errors L. Lula Greene Richards. that was born on the 22nd of April, 145 1, then prevailing,, but stood! "in .chains before October, 1892. of John the Second of Castile and Isabella Kings and Councils standing firm before the of Portugal, Isabella of Castile, q name assembled Digriitaries"6f destined to become famous throughout the State; and willing rather than recant their our union; doctrines to accept the martyr's fate going civilized world. .; Can we picture to ourselves the feeble injoyfully to their death. This .was but the COLUMBUS DAY. fant that first saw the light at Madrigal in firstTaint glimmering of light preceding the old Qastile, Sj3ain; born in the midst of a dawn of the reformation that , was soon to Let this fair western land leople famed for their deeds of chivalry and follow, and revolutionize the vhole civilized As a safe refuge stand, , . , world,"or like thedistant whisper and mur celebratedlJiii: - Through all ages and time yet to come, cuirassed knights and their warriors whose mur that precedes the mighty roar of the Where the poor and oppressed courage and warlike deeds were excelled by ocean that soon increases in strength and pow- May find safe, welcome rest none, yet who could in the moment of er and sweeps from before it every obstacle And the place for a happy home. victory show so much generosity to a fallen presented to its onward progress; but none of foe that, their, known jnagnanimity" and these innovations had yet found their way .. CHORUS Uy-Law- s. - a-ro- w, - " - f -- . v . the-stron- , - - - . . . . . . -- . .. - T the - ; J- - - .. . - " ; . vaiQldbMiffiojt Land of our love! With her fair hills and dales, "With Iier pfali'Ies and vales, And her starry 'flag floating above. This too was at a time and' in a country when the Church of the apostacy the great Church of Rome held ' fu its haughty and mitred Priests demanded the linant lsa Delia was taken by ner wise and widowed mother to -- ALrevalo wl the pernicious influences of a Court; here 