WOMANS-- ; EXPONENT. 32 if not to beauty. . ' The .stately stone heads nish and decorate the library room in the Woman's building at the World's Fair. Plans are perfected to make the ings very elaborate and tasteful.. The room wiltxontain as complete a collection as is possihle to gather of works written by women. of Yucatan, the arch aiid spirited features onthe Maya incense burners, the fine face carved in sandstone which is now in New 'York, all indicate a sphere of depicted development utterly beyond that of those northern Indians whose utmost achievement consists in some graceful vase like that found in IJurlington, When we speak America we always Europeans, forgetting a time- - when covered by Asiatics, ; and in n i ii ii i r l ii v in 1 x j liti 1441c - fc . t .m MM full-size- II d n C3 lit v9 i . Qine r v r even h t this day, to briug a Japanese junk to the Pacific coast "of North A merica is that it should lx.1 blown out to sea and there lose its rudder; the first mishap has often occn All-tha- i ed, the second casualty has almost always followed, and the Japan stream has done the Test. "Charles lias a record of no less than a hundred such instances, and there is no reasm why similar events should not have been occurring for centuries- - IJehring strait is but little wider than the. English, channel, and it is. as easy to make the passage from Asia to America as from France to England: and indeed easier for half the year, when Behring strait is frozen. Besides all this, both geology and botany indicate that the separation between the two continents did not ahvay s; exist. ' "Dr. A sa G ray, our highest botanical authority, long ago pointed out the extraordinary identity between the Japanese flora and that of northern United States, as indicating a period when the two continents were one. It is anTargument difficult to resist, for surely flowers do not - cross the., ocean in junks, or traverse the frozen straitslijwii the ice. .The colonization of America from Asia was thus practicable at any rate, and that far more easily' than any approach .from; the :Ktiro)eaitder'lie sunpie races on eacn siueot Jielinng strait, which now communicate with each other freely, must have done the same from very early times. The fact, may yet be established that the aboriginal of America was con temporary with the mammoth; but it is now only probable. It is still necessary to close the subject of prehistoric man in Americavith an interrogation point. Mary Motrhon, I Keeps women of Virginia are selling certificates of ' membership in the Mount ernon Associations at $i VeaclfT Tlieyare also asking the countv and citv sunervisofs. councils, etc.. for levies of one cent per capita; and are giving entertainments ot vanous kinds. r -- I riniiiwjriii nt l Bsi (hhi y ii i 1 1 t & ? it 1 Hand on- - AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQ'UI- -; POISE VAISTS. ETC. D R ESS COO DS -- n, necessa ' . n m n ti n, llllln.ll ut:i ii si n n I World's Fair, which is to be a at reproduction of Washington,' 1 Mount-Yerno--To raise- the money the that forjho.se I). ; . pro-babl- dis as i. VAN, M, M. her office, from Constitution 167 THIRD STREET. to her resldeuce, Building . x Office hours, 2 to 4 p m j - - HAS REMOVED Mrs.. Paul and Mr Wise, Lady Man of the discovery of, mean the arrival of agers for Virginia, together with their auxiliary,' board, have undertaken to raise y that there wasI l.;: ; ,!KS. Vt." Kurope-itself-w- Zjaiicsjtv A m erica filled by relatives and friends. The Bishop regretted that she was' not taken to the. 13th Ward Assembly Rooms. Poor Lydiashe looked happy in death surrounded with lovely flowers. - k. h. g. -- fur-- , The women of New York State will UresH .linking: m ail its Wanche. , Hat styi-.- Feather Ulilllnery, Ablet and IJonncts cleaned and retrimmedt cuned, etc Stamping doro o order. I'.ut. tons covered while you wait, AQ .!KT rv - llurial Salln n Sjeclalty i'l HST T7 NOUT1I XTUKFr, LJirooksr-of-Sarr-PraTfcis- co. - . ' Edna Cheney,' of Boston, was the intimate friend of Louisa Alcott, who was, without doubt, the best juvenile writer America has ever nrodured. Miss Alcott bequeathed to Mrs. Cheney upon her death I many of her original manuscripts. I 26, 2S, Mrs. ture and the Century." Cash ;S:OU8.r OBITUARY. Sister Ordia Christine Hanson was born June 22iuff 1S49, in Elling, SvvenborK', Denmark. She died at Colonia, Diaz, Chihuahua. Mexico. :zr;Sister I lansetFernigjated "to" Utah about nine years ago, residing for a time in Newton, Cache County, afterwards removing to Mantl, where she !abortdJnjheJemple Jot nearly two years.,.-Sh"was also a teacher in the South Ward Relief Society, performing all her duties faithfully and e StMWGau " well. RAILWAY! She was for many years a great sufferer from, lung disease, but she lired and died a laithful Latter-da- y Saint, enduring all her sufferings wiih patience and fortitude. . . - President, IManti THET7 ROCKY MOUNTAINS! Elizabeth Casto,. South Ward Relief Society. RE15ECCA ' . .THROUGH VAKi;iIAM, President North Wan? Relief Socitt). Chojce of Three Distinct Routes, AST) THE MOST MAGNIFICENT TRIBUTE TO A FAITHFUL SAINT. The Government of Mexico will exhibit at the World's Fair a large and valuable collection of Aztec relics. Butterflies, to the number of 150,000 will the Pennsylvania exhibit at the World's Fair. The collection is said to be the most complete and finest in the-world- , . . A Sioux sfjiiavy, living near San Diego; Califoniia, will exhibit in the Woman's building at the World's Fair a dress of deer skins, richly embroidered with, sixteen ixmnds of beads. She worked for t wo years in making the garment.. From the San Diego Mission will be exhibited a valuable" collection of fine needle work by Indian r . RAILROAD SCENERY IJ THE WOULD. WORLD'S FAIR NOTKS. girls. Leading Retail The .. Grand Rapids, Midi. be shown in 30and32 East 1st SouttiSt., SALT LAKE CITY. Cheney is much beloved in Boston, where she lives. Her essays frequently appear in the New KnglandM'agazine, Current Litera- " in Haerth and Hall OMAi ' 'Mrs. ,- - ( i ! I Sister Lydia Long died on the 25th. of June 1892, quite suddenly, she had not been feeling very well for some time, but expressed herself as be ing much better on the day she departed, ex piling while her son and his wife, had gone out to do a few errands. She was laid' away the next day as the weather was warm and the house much exposed to the sun. The officers and some of the teachers of tl e 13th Ward attended the funeral; which was heid in the 22nd Ward where she of late hal hf-1;- ,with her son. ing Her age was sixty-nin- e youngest and five months. Born on the 15th ot years January 1823 in England did not learn what part 01 me country, tiishop Lmpey and Counselors : were there, also Brother A. M. Musser, all speak-- 1 ingofher with much respect, testifying. "of her patient and humble spirit in all the walks of life. She was also a good and faithful teacher in the 13th Ward Relief Society; ; Two Fast Express Trains Daily EACH WAT BETVTEES MLAKE OGDEN, AND DENVER ELEGANT R EG LI H 1 N G C HAIR CARS ! ; ., Direct Connections made in Union Depots. "TEE KOST THOSOUQHT - ; EOTWAY IN THE WEST. JVC. DODQE, A. E. QuU:Xsr..- - IDTXID WELBY, J. H. BENNETT, SllI,t. : , ft. r. P. A. T.12B Sc CO. TIM HERS CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTER r,!lmlHE?,S -- c !ebraletl LlFTan d FOIU , wuiiiiiry promptly responded to. UMIS. Set 3C6. J i till Utt C17 