WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 2 visitor may sit and rest in quietness and of the board vhcre; women's work was expected, and in the Performance of other ".view the .magnificent scene. From the work. This was a threat .step in advance for. lower floor will be steps leading down to the women; and it is the first time in the history- nave been invitoi our country mat ed to 'participate in a department of cmr country's government.' This "was the result s of the sensible ideas of women. The of the commission, as soon as this, board was apjoinlcd, vied with each other t in their desires to give us great opportunities and full scope. They put into our hands all the interests of women all Over the world. .They have made us the Ilicial channel liroTihwnTcrrrrli women women maw cpine into connection with the fair. This opportunity .was seized upon to bring out everything that would elevate and show the value of women in the world ts We are making in the, competition exhibition even tiling that women have ever done. It will be a great surprise to these gentlemen to find how generally women have occupied all positions. mem-r'ber- to-ha- great-effor- ve ; . ljmrntinTrrrtt7i covered women blacksmiths, women wagon- ers, and one of the best ranches in California is owned and run bv a woman. We have found womeii shoemakers, and in fact the women, nowadays are doing about' everything they please. We are not satisfied in .showing simply what the women in this part of the world are doing, hut we have invited our sisters from all over the world to join in this great enterprise. Mrs." Palmer, our president, is a lady combining every , 4 .characterise Sheis beatiti fill ' winsome in her manner, , . displaying those qualities of mind and heart which should win everyone, Airs. Palmer, our president, in her visit abroad last summer, by her personal acquaintance has been able to interest some of the noblest men and women of ICurone in the hair. In England uveir v letoiia, is neau oi uauj;juti. the World's Fair commission board of wo- -: MadauiCaniotandthers-o- f prominence are greatly, interested in the women's department of the fair. The French nation has appointed a commission of women and has appropriated a sum of money to pay all the expenses attended upon their exhibits. Germany, Russia, Scandinavia, and in .'fact most of the European countries have appointed commissions of - .Mexico and most of the great s women also. advanced Soutlr American States have- appointed woman commissions' also. a lady from China went to India, to' confer a with empowered princess of that country, a woman of most humane disposi-tiowho has taken a great interest in the poor child' widows .'of. that kiidravidin them with schools, homes, etc. ; lids princess we hope-wilbe able to induce the gov emment of India to appoint atom mission of women for the World's Fair; a most unheard of thing, for women are looked as little" better than nothing there. .',.:. upon We have"al:oniins building at the fair which was given us br the eidlnfM, it jslnost beautifully located, and I wnni'vn,, l9...milemlraha.t. ..JLhis Jbtuldiug is- voutk wonieir of Utah;, it belongs to all the women l - " - r n, . : - lagoon, where launches, etc., will .convey visitors to other parts of the grounds; or if .thev prefer Jaii(Ltransp()rtaU.oiit-- . an. ..electric.: L road will furnish rapid transit. 7 On the lower floor of this building we intend to display all tht benevolences of women.We shall have offices, headquarters', etc., also a "large reading and writing-roomsassembly room for women and organizations of women to assemble to discuss organizaand are doing. The board of lady managers has also tions, or listen to lectures. We shall have . , ' writteu- - ti4ht4r:aibratwiU4-4oik- - ouly by women, and they have written some also ha ve a model ones. very-goohospital, with trained nurses,,' physicians, etc. , We shall have a model kitchen with all 'modern labor saving machinery usefulin such a. place; here distinguished teachers will give lessons in the best methods of obtaining the most nutriment with the least We shall also... have 'a ipossible expense. H whlcTTwlHshow you the methods of life and thoughts of the peorde in the early part of the history of our country. We shall have an exhibit show- ing the advance of women. We 'expect to showlhat women have always been a great factor, though unsuspected, in the history of the world. For cycles and ages great planetary systems rolled through space, .without .clash and noise, luminous bodies came and went, and great 'comets .would:, terrify at times Avith their peculiar, flights., For ages no one suspected the great laws which held them in space: and told them when vto come and. when . to return. IJtit after a series of cycles., and ages, men discovered that God was back of all this, that I Ier had 'originated the plan and the'purpose and the law by which all these were and. that even the flvimr comet was j -la- -- We-shall d - 10 d, A t- -fi ken-iiimther-step; made for the very; ones Ave love the best nothing had been done for the chil dren. The children should have a building ancL .the Jadynianagcrs have decided to put tini. a buildinp-0 for them. It will cost .20.000 ' and will take another 20,000 to. rim it. This we expect to erect, and 4we want the4 young" ladies to give entertainments, concerts, etc. , iin djcaje. the jiiau ing. Here mothers can bring their babies and put them in, the' care of competent nurses, while they go and enjoy the Fair. We shall check the babies, just as you would check baggage, and you can go away with' your check and know that the little ones will be safe. Then we intend to have a kindergarten, and we shall also have a room where your children. will be instructed in regard, to the peoples of ; arious lands, their habits, modes of L..: .,u peculiarities of tlress; and competent ladies will take these children in charge. It is a wish very near the heart of the board of lady managers, that as many women as possible may enjoy this occasion and have the benefit of the growth and culture attendant upon a visit to the Fair. Consequently, an association of the board of lady managers - 1 gov-.eerne'- vi Iast-summe- . ing it in the imn. They were the first that took the coarse vegetable fiber and twisted it carefully for their clothes, or from the wool and hair of animals and the down of birds 'made warm fabrics. They were the first basket makers, and - some of those early brisket s have "never " been surpassed for beauty and durability. They were also the ' first dyers, dying their articles with juices.of ... plants. I have endeavored to give you some idea of what the women of the world have done, ' . .ubMH-t- dormitories' in which women may take lodgings with perfectly respectable surroundings, "35l5."a Uayr We want to make it possible for ever' n that can leave home, to come.. We do not w ish any money consideration to hinder Prof. Putnam, of Yale College, and head them. aTo help them to attend we shall of the bureau of ethnology, has had in. l'e dormitories, capable of accommo..Mexico quite a number of scientists. and has one thousand people each. There leen making, researches in regard to tlie dating will also be appointed another corps'of 'lad habits and manner of life . managers, man. - v e expect s to some verv you j. There are also , teachers in the great things from his investigations: He United States, and350,000 if any one ought to have has already found in that country, many, of the of this advantage growth and culture, it the utensils, etc., and even some of the reis the teacher, who 'cares for our children, mains of this people themscDes, wrapped in who instructs them, and shows them the the mummy bands in which their bodies of life. We must broaden and ennoble were buried. Professor Putnam tells us way that the condition of women at: the earliest their iives. We have been working and laboring withtheHbbardswof-- edticMloii time warpitiabte mdee and they have almost promised to sued as you hiye seen the hawk pursue the grant us the use of twenty of their largest gentle dove; that she was captured- and and most beautiful school houses, near , slain, or forced to submit to terrible indur. with fifteen rooms eachf of "thirty "by" ni'UesHfcater oii; lier faith and' her .intelli- WC mteud to fit ' gerice arid her for her oF the a better pbee visitmg teachers, where econoniy and slie Jieeame-thr . HJLOV. able lodging- - under the care of the lad v early clays the women did all the work managers. All these things are done ta ion of nien,rrrWe-inten- to 'show that there has been a quiet, but irresistible force gov-e- n i in g the decrees of men;" and" softening their harsh d TeatnTe,sr-----This-forexr--hasbeeTi---women- aLthe-slight-cost-of-probabl- y" wo-ma- . . ' . . . i i "in-Chicago,- ' , - the-fair- -- f rnS TI ce gentle-influen- ithe home-nwirp- tK-ti- i .... - of thejvvorkLls I: aid,lMs . duhavji You breathe a hicrher glonous heriuige. located, commanding a fine view of the wore all the and purer air than most of your rethren;-you- r jewelry, the bracelets- - and - the grounds. At the right is the eyes constantiy rest upon' one of the the left the'Stateiild "inosrglonous landscapes with which God ': by the women. v mgot Illinois, while in front stretches out It is an astounding reflection that the ji has ever blessed the vision of man; .your a noble view of the best soil yields. most abundant "buildings xf were the first inventors; gtowth; you are lair. On the roof of this structure is a the,, . they maim- oy mountains with tmuyiieu hearts meiuicu uie nouseholu utensils from various nrd : with... fountains,- - wherethe V of gold nf di vnc wrv even ; inosttemti-iull- y : : wo-me- ar-den- i materials, W using molded clav and bak- - I p , 