S ' r I "' .( " . The Rights of. the Womcn 'of "Vol. 20. ' ' ' ' Zion.and . ike Rights ofthe ALT LAKE CITY, VVAU, APRIL 11892. CONTEXTS. The Present Administration of the Relief So- rratt. Address of Mrs. M. k. CKiyuj.norne iews l. L. W. P. A. Address isapeiia ot UatbsneDa The Agricultural Ex periment station J. V. Sanborn. Editorial iNotes. important to trie Relief Society Relief bociety uonieience. . tniTORiAL.' conference Notice. Relief So- at the Tabernacle. Exercises city n i juDiiee rOETRY. ivetrospection Sister Lucy. Too Late Marah Kocke. Jubilee Hymn Hannah jLornapy. '. Rpkte-witlv-Rye-tliOHgh- and aim t structure gre a, and" good, and fair, Crowned by .the coronet of his fame. I planned fqr naught. now For, my leisure hours are here," So swi'tly time its changes ring, The somes that once liad beeivso dear, Have-Hoforevef taken wing; Too late, the thought. . . . a litk- thought While burdened wirrnife's petty cTrev : r the moments lly. !swifdy-diThat many golden chances, rare, Had swiftly, stilly, passed me by, , Vanibhed, unsought. restless My hoy has learned to be Content with other ways than mine, Has grown away from home and me, And left my aching heart to pineTime dearly bought, U I : RETROSPECTION. - -- We push the gates of time ajar, And mem'ry now roam thro'; Threescore and four eventful years, Old time hath wrought out for you! Stand again at the open door. ith the same old ardent grace. - ! V And There reclasp a new-bor- L babe, n Oh, vain regret! I should have deemed it sweeter, far, His loving confidence to prize. Sweeter than all life's luxuries are, ,To see the lovelight in his eyes. Can I forget ? I should have called most blest, the hours That gave him to my loving care, And shown) him wisdom's fa ry bowers; By many a precept, here and there. Oh, sad regret ! : In a loving glad embrace. And there each scene renewing o'er, ith a youthful zeal and thrill. Loved ones dear of the cot within,, To landscape of wood and hill We mark the seasons in their flight,And recount their changes o'er, Sit at the feast, thy birthday night, Time recorded, 'aged four.v f Among the merry hills we roam, air, Breathing pure health-givin- g I " ;, . - . . .Mar ah JRdcke.. :r.:r:Ah4 gather As when children free from caje. Down in the meadow green we stray, , ,Cast .our lines ' : Trophies eager to bear away hook. and bait Of our dainty Echoes' come back of laugh and song, ' We woke in the green wood will, Companions dear, around us throng, ' The flower of youthful pride. Now to and from the village school; Viewing landmarks by the way, The milt, the pond, the wrier-whee- l, Turning off showers of spray. Youthful scenes wear an amber glow, Touched by mem'rys magic spell, , We revel in the long ago; "RosaM." with Hand and heart alJUvzJfisl - - T v . " V . rL MilS. ZINA D. II. - ' " - ? The gates close back, the curtain falls.""" Raising now at sixtyfour, In love we greet,- - and aslc for lheey : Useful life,- - another score. To labor on with ready pen;! " With true heart, and gifted tongue. For God, and Home, and every Land, Receive the plaudit of " Well Done!"1 -- r r " - - THE PRESENT ADMINISTRATION OF , . THE RELIEF SOCIETY. . . Sister Lucy. y . 11 Some day, I meant, When smoother ran the wheels of life, And peace and leisure close were blent, W And all the weary toil and strife Had given way to sweet content, Some time,. I meant To closer draw love's tendrils dear Around my boy, and many ways So dearto.-bjoyis.hearts, to cheer And brighten all hisboyhood's days, . v And bring content. h , Some time, Tthou To make his life a poem rare, PRESIDENT. (Written for the Jubilee March 17th, 1892 by Dr. R. B. Pratt.) After the death of Eliza R. Snow, whicli occurred Dec. 5th, 1887, Sister Zina D. Young, who had been her first counselor, took conference of the charge until lb enseal Church, April 8th, 1888, when she was appointed to preside over the Relief Society. iirwstle rranKim jj. iticiiarus, aiier ine authorities of the Church had been presented, said: 'Our lamented Sifter Eliza R. Snow 5 Kopn nrft.ident of the Relief Society ever since its organization in these moim tains, and has labored with unexampled diligence for its welfare and advancement Her death "now leaves the organization without a president. Sister Zina B Young was her first counselor. It is now moved and seconded that she be made president. Sister Young was unanimously sustained." October Uth, 1888, President Zma Young chose as her first counselor Jane S, Richards, as her second Bathsheba W. Smith, cor. sec. rt, -- Em meline Tiiey- under the hands of the First Presidency of the ChurchV ; , The central board of the Relief Society, was then: fully organized ailolIoWsr PI esident Ztna D H. Youul': first counselor Jane SRichards;. second counselor, Bathsheba W. Smith; sec, Sarab M. Kimball; assistant sec, Romania B. Prati; cor. sec, Emmeline B. W ells; treasurer, . T," . . . - Conferences TwereaTsor hehrApril 7th, " 1 SOO October 7th, 1890, April7th, 1891 October the third conference was held in the Assembly Hall in this city. Pre?ident Zina I). Young presiding. The approximate amount expended in charitable work during the years 188Sm9-91, in Utah, Idaho, Colorado, Arizona, Sand, wich Islands, Loudon and Canada was $70, 892.04. There are probably over 400 branch societies, with a membership of about 25,300. Besides Catherine and dispensing 7th, 1891 semi-annu- al 0 nas. organized and managed many enterprises called home industries, such as the Woman's Co dp Store, millinery parlors- ing establishments. Many branches have built and own their own halls and wheat granaries. When we consider the many thousands of the poor , and needy that this clothed and kept, .money has comibrt(id,-"fed- l the and warm, scope industry of the Relief Society organization can in a measure be -- realized. President Ziua Young, her counselors and other sisters travel extensively among the Stakes,dfganiziiigiiew brauchesand instructing-i- n the work. They have been indefatigable in their labors and the fruils thereof are already seen in every part of the Church which" has been blessed by their presence. and-dressm- ak . , ADDRESS OP MRS. M. ISABELLA IIORNE. Read by Apostle Abraham, II. Cannon at the Rejief Society Jubilee in the Large Lake City, March 17, 1892. My Brethren and Sisters: My heart is iilled with praise and gratitude to my Heavenly Father that he has spared my life to meet with you on this important occasion, tocelebrate by jLrandJuhilee-allovr-he world, the Fiftieth of the Anniversary organization of the Relief the Society by IVophet Joseph Smith in the last dispensation of the: fulness of times. I am thankful that I had the privilegeof lieing with the first organization.and of hearing instructions, from the President, Emma Smith. She exhorted us to faithfulness in the discharge of - our i duties, and especially to ' humble oufselves and not ask God to humble M. Isabella Home. One of the most notable features of progrresa us, as :IIemightdo it la a way .thaVwquld not bei'eT'y pleasant tou oTthrRelieflSociay'Vaa'theTnauuration'rof for made a lasting impression upon my mind. women, annual and semi annual conferences Alter the martyrdom of our beloved Prophet wberespeciaJlinstruction peculiar to their anfdl'atriarchrthe""SaifiwtrplBTmllCedtor" work coul3 "Be gTvenBylLTPrEMenTalid B-W- " nsprprriiDr! other ?x perieucctrwomcn,--an- d whereverbal reports are made by the Presidents of ftake and societies or tbeb representatives. . . . I. i jucn Kociety through these privileges is enabled to receive the benefit of the combined wisdom and intelligence of the whole The' first general conference of the Relief Society convened in the .'Assembly' Hall of this .City Saturday morning, April Cth, 1889, .fC;?it'Ilt'lia.: lt.Youibg. presiding, -- agisted tier crrtrnsci JIStTT l oun: wrote, an eiocjuent addms which was read by E. B T : J r t ...... U?,.ll., ..f M U1f- L'uusiMtiu 01 special instructions it upon the duty of women as wives and mothers and Relief Society work. The'semi-annun- l Conference of the Relief Society was held in. the Assembly Hall in' this city, October 7th, 1889, Zina D, Young presiding. There were two'sessions. j Taber-nac!e,Sa- lt . Atchison Kan., Feb. 29th, 1892. I einame. TOO-LATE- YOUNG No. 18. -- A wT-bmit- h. .'. of all .ations. Woma, ell were-set-Apa- t ed : 