... ' " " " WOMAN'S- - . - have been attracted here because1 of this and that; some who have had letters of ,i ii trod uction from those whom we had met, elsewhere, or who had called before, and some who felt drawn to the place because of its quaint appearance and surroundings, or from idle curiosity, or a desire to know about the peculiar doctrines of our faith, or were interested in questions pertaining to woman's advancement" en- frauchisement and higher education. Lastly the romance of this old place is greatly enhanced by the many poems and stories written here, and wdiich perchance .were abetter from the very glamour, that lingers round the .place made sacred by so many tender associations and recollections which awaits Utah, these memories may find place, and the past as it reaches farther and farther and the from view grow more rosy-hue- d children of that generation look back with a degree of pride and reverence on what was written behind these "historic walls." If there was no sentiment in the world there would be no poetry ,aud much of the history of the heart as well. as of the people would be lost to mankind. We all like to know not pnly what transpired in the past but the feelings, affections and sentiments of those who took part in the affairs of the times in People who " present fume. -- """ ' . "" with the fragrance of its viik;. Hint:r in which roses have once been distilled: You may break, you may ruin the vase if you will, iiut the scent of the roses will hang round it still." -- Exposition is going on in the Territory in various departments, and all sorts of legitimate ways and means are being adopted to raise money whereby to forward the work of collections and exhibits. There are many articles in process of construction and it will not be very long until the women will De able to report positively on some of the worlr rnCteeifeElsu made the 'Stated redl-nbhe- f fihestrh lerntoryhas showing in silk culture and home manufacture of silk, that has been made here and almost without capital; simply by the active energy and enterprise of those who have not only believed in home industries practically. but have been willingJ to Cj$ro to.t and dnw with nil Mkft their might, by the exercise of brain and will. power as well as their hands, whatever , was possible to forward this laudable industry A small beginning certainly, and the results 'sometimes discouraging, but when one goes over the whole ground as we have been doing lately and estimates the full amount of mulberry tiees raisecj, of eggs. worms and cocoons; of spinning, weaving, dyeing, : twisting, reeling, and manufacturing into articles, such as sewing-silk,- " flosses, embroidery silks, ribbons, laces, vails, handkerchiefs, dress-good- s, fringes, etc. It is quite a history of work,and has been seems suchchouses that a It done with but very little machinery and great pity most of that of rude home construction. should be torn down, or to destroy the ro "The greater part of the work has been done by mance that clings to these old primitive, women and children in all parts of the Territory, colonial homes of the early settlers who and much credit is due Mrs.. Zina D. H. Young not only for encouraging -- this industry,-bu- t she ment of the colonies and whose habitations has traveled and worked more for it, we reallv believey than any other person. When Briham "of"theifldehtityr ""T" But so it is and must necessarily be, the Young laid out his . mulberry farm south of the City (now Forestdale) and built there; Mrs. Zina old must give place to the new, and the Young went down and took charge of the world move onward as the years roll by. cocooneries remaining there one year until In the days which, we recall when this old there was a fairly good start of the enterprise. She has been the pioneer worker irr the silk all house was new and we were young, life the way through, and deserves the credit. She was quite different from that of the present was the President of the Deseret Silk Association .time. There were no regular mails, no organized in 1875, the society having auxiliaries or here few women's daily oaoers, naters X 1 i in every county and nearly every town and elsewhere, everything was very poor and ward in Utah. Most of the people here know of narrow and limited comparatively; women the great exertions made to raise cocoons and did not only their own house-worbut make a success of this industry, but it languished means, which ought to 1 j 11 uiauc soap anai canaies, spun ami wove, uiu. forthcoming from those who had abundance to their own knitting, dress-makin- g and millihave made it profitable and would thus ha ve giv nery, but taught the children and helped in en suitable employment to children and elderly all sorts of ways. We do not care to go women, who could by this means have been when not able to do more laborious back to wish to see - I " , -- . The Woman's home-industr- y. Ex- - work with many interesting details. Now it is hoped a new impetus will be given that will enrich the Territory and be more advantagous, than many schemes that are receiving much at- men ana women who icHuumrum capitaiists-an-a -- are desirous of developing the country. ' Brigharn sermon preached on the Temple Young in Block said, "The elements are full of silk" and he was right, for it lias been successfully proved, as to the quality of the raw material. , In the centennial year, 1876 the display of our home silk, in the Constitution Building attracted great admiration from tourists and persons crossing the continent, who called to see what the people a thousand miles from civilization had to show as industrv-anf- l skUK..products Hn September 1880 when President Hayes with wife and party visited the West, while here Mrs. Hayes was presented from some ladies as a souvenir of her visit with an elegant lace fichu, which had been greatly admired by ladies who had traveled in foreign lands where the most elaborate and beautiful lace work is on exhihifinn in public places. Of this fichu the cocoons were raised by Mrs. Scheneter of this City (German) the silk prepared here and the lace weaving done by Mrs. Ursen-bac- h formerly of the Jersey Isles. Our limited space prevents our saying more now but there is much more might be written "with all propriety about what the women of. this Territory have done for silk culture. The silk portieres that the women of this Territory are having made for the Woman's Building will be an elegant and appropriate gift. Made of silk raised and prepared in skeins, eleven or twelve years ago by women for their own personal use.and "designed and "embroidered by our own artist", these portieres will be effective in representing our efforts in this direction. ' his-firs- The work for the World's Fair or Columbian . ,..,, important be my heart with such memories WORLD'S FAIR AND SILK INDUSTRY. . lars have been thus laid out, Father Graves of Provo did more than any other man to further this per- - filled! Like the vase ' ' EXPONENT. - of-the- t - ir " A HAPPY EVENT. 'Hail! wedded love Perpetual fountain of domestic sweetsl" Married in Wallace, Idaho, on Mbndiy, December 12, 1892, Miss Daisie D. Woods and Harry R. Allen, the ceremony was performed in the Episcopal Church, which was beautifully decorated for the auspicious event, and the newly wedded bride and bridegroom, left soon after on a wedding tour for San Francisco and other points of interest on the Pacific Coast via Portland, The bride is our eldest and the GLthe late Bishop Ne wet K;Wmtney's i3augliteL youngest child, now the wife , of Major W. W. Woods the: nephew of Gen. D. H. Wells. Trie bride is an accomplished young lady in as a very fine many ways and is and sweet-tone- d singer. She was until recently of Salt Lake those days, nor do we City where she was born work. and is and reared, highly esteemed by many dear people live in the old style, but we do hope - The Legislature of 'Utah appropriated friends and relatives, who join with us in wishing some of the old landmarks may be pre- fifteen hundred dollarsta buy machinery ibuL her the uttiiat hsppineis arid prosperity in her ". it did of the served to mark the days that are departed mistake some purchasers ' through new relations in life. e -not prove dJoutelUthe tale The bridegroom is an upright, honorable young Pilgrims and also has means, Relief given Society man highly respected among his friends and pos-- " who laid the : foundationloLthis great and individuals as well have subscribed stock, but sesses good business capacity. He is the son of an flourishing city. because perhaps of gold and other mines yield- -- like the piscpalClergymaaiofChicag not been sustai in sooner;it bride a descendant of the Pilgrims. r uecieci witn this old house in the mina ana "the last fevvyears as it was previously. Brigham Mr. and Mrs. Allen willcommence housekeepheart of the writer. Memories of loved Young had the utmost faith in it and made the ing when they return from their trip to the Coast first start, sehding into foreign countries for and for their future r very ncb wnose laminar lorms ana laces, seem happiness every good wish the best seed to produce trees for the food of the X 1 grand-daught- er k, 1 - j-- self-supporti- well-remember- ed ng; -- - of-th- of-the-e-arly - to 1 hex practical-value-expected-T- he jm -- ri. Mtf'kT' VCiftk llril T .4- - "uger ana gladden with their sweet presWomen and men have been emigrated from ence. That delightful past' lives in its; foreign lands who were skilled in the employment in various parts of theorkthousands of"ddI- - is unnecessary to add they are great favorites in the best society of Wallace, and as they are both musically inclined will be sure to entertain we fi in their own little Swiss Cotta 