iie ntMghkof -- Vol. 20. Women of Zion, and the Rights ofJhe: Women of all JValions. SALT I.AKK CITY, VVAU, MARCH 15, 1892. ' CONTENTS. Oh! be Toromunion Mary Y. Corby. Jn Rural Ed- land A Story. What is Our Position Today- Zion's Convert. R. S., Y, L. M. L A., and P. A. Reports. W. S. A. Reports. W: S. Party at Payson, Utah. Two Presendia Kimballs. Woman's Status in Sweden. Press Women in the World's Congress Auxiliary. Notice to Stake Secretaries. W. S. A, Convention. " .Editorial: The Relief Society. The Jubilee Celebration. Speech of Pres. Jos. F. Smith. U. W7P7 ClubE; iCShipp, Sec. ATovW-Triluit- e- of good cheer, iing we see rrr-like a .vision of beauty; Its glory and light can 7 interpreted be: Go on, in the of love and of duty! pathway The brave earnest soul will arive at 'its goal; True heroes are crowned as the ages unroll; And there's blessing in blessing, admit it we must, And there's honor in helping a cause that is just. Tt.r ni ..Ly-nu.w- far-exte- nd i; obtained remission of his sins.-- : I His father had: often spoken" to hini" concerning iJternaFlife" and the joy of the saints, arul it, had sunk deep into his heart, and he says'My soul hungered and I knelt down before .my Maker and I cried to hira in mighty prayer and supplication for my own soul; "all the day. long did I cry unto him; and when the night came I did still raise my voice High that it reached the heavens liud there came a voice unto me-sa- -- - " " , ; Chorus. ; Emily. H. Woodmansee. v nWgr&iV)glliy"itns areJbrgiveiLtheaiUil4hou zMt be blessed.' Like our own Pronhet Joseph, inspired with the epirit of comv munion and like him in the forest, he poured ' eOMMTJNIUIT stetr: Ode to Spring Mrs. James T.Fields. The Daughters of Zion, The Friends of The Poor Emily H. Woodmansee. Easter Morning L. M. Hewlings. A Child's Thought Marion Taylor. Letter to Lula Amy E. Cook. Poetry: he-w- I here is something sweet even in the word communion, it seeim to suggest a close inti- maey and loving sympathyr with friend or n menas, a union ol heart and desire for their to please them, to take their Ornish company, ' . I I .Ml? 1 i10 1 : 0 I I '" wakened to the singing of a bird; heard the bird of spring, - ' vAnd lo! "At. his sweet 'note The flowers began to grow, Grass, leaves, and everything, As if the green world heard The trumpet of his tiny throat From end to end, and winter and despair Fled at his melody, and passed in air. - ' . heard at dawn the music of a voice, ;:, "Oiny beloved, then 1 said, the spring Can visit only once the waiting year, The bird can bring. .;:T,:7'L.,::jV': T Only Ihe sf To waken smiles or the remembering 'tear! " But thou dost bring Springtime to every day, and at thy call " The flowers of life unfold, though leaves of autumn fall. -- Mrs. James T, Fields, in March Century. .;.::r;-:.v;,..;..-- - THE DAUGHTERS OF ZION, THE FRIENDS OF THE POOR. - ed-th- 1 . 1 . a K blesi ' : of his-serv- ant -- THE STAR SPAKGLED BANNER. TUNE out his soul before God and he obtained that for which his hungered. Our Lord and Master felt the need of daily communion with His Father. He never engaged in anything until He first sought his Father's blessing. When He was about to heal "the sickTHe withdrew htmseinntolhe" wilderness and- - pray e result' was, the of the Lord was power present to heal. Ho Jet nothing come betweenhim and his Father to disturb the spirit of communion, "rising up & great while before day," at other times continuing "v, hole nights: in prayer to God." Whether He was surrounded with thousands of people clamoring for bread," until He had to work a miracle to supply them whether He was healing the sick, or blessing somc-time- . I as wmingjy give tnenr the preference rrralllningsrbetieviug theirways ancTdesires and plana better than our own. . We do not always find this amount of "confi dence even between the gainta of God, but we have one jour Father in heaven 'in whom we can place implicit trust at .all' times and uuder all circumstances and -- He never betrays our confidence. He is always ready to draw near to us; when we draw near to him, and in the hour of communion with him we are privileged to confide to His ear our sorrows and our joys our wants and ourdesires and if we apprnaeh. iitdechife . . ; r i i .. f mm wiiu pure motive?--, in numiiuy 01 epirit :mg,.. or lie privaieiy insirucung nis disciples, and as dutiful children to a loving Father, we found time to pray. When He found it ceces.ry for his disciples may always rest assured that He will meet with wit tohave af :us,nd saiu 10 inem, uome ye yourselves apart jiito good. We have many beautiful-examp!es-coma desert place and rest a while." lie some- munion with God in Jjiesacred scriptures. times finds it necessary to say the same to us and who the the way He leads us into a desert place, God Those saint3 enjoy approbation of is to lay the hand of 'affliction upon us, thus '"1 were always those whohved m daily communion with him. Isaac went out in the fields at biddiug us to rest awhile till we examine ourselves and remember our covenants, that we . eventide to meditate, or in other words to commade wkhhinr;henwe- mune with his God. He had sent him by baptism and rose again to walk in new- -' on an important errand and he was doubtless asking the Lord's blessing on1 the undertaking ness of life, and well will it be for us if we His servant, though a long way from home was make good use of these solitary seasons lest by . wn severer judg-- " receiving an answer to his, and his master's our negligence w " drav-dous. , prayer ''and he worshiped the Lord and said, ments upon follow AbraGod Let us to endeaeor Lord more closely the of Blessed be the ham, who hath not left destitute my master of example our Divine Master places before us; Let jus i..foHpw hi miaslhc travels over His mercy anen the IhFpath of life speaking a comforting word to Ixjrd led me." He"BadTop7ayer"-sough- t him led the right the bereaved, relieving the distressed and inLord's direction and lie had structing the ignorant. - See himat the close ' way. Moses was specially favored of God his was truly a life of communion. On Mount of the day lifting his hand in blessing on the eir bi(lding homes, Sinai he communed Twith hisGod until his crowd-an- d him watch his with back upon them and ' a face shone so that he had to cover it turning veil before the children of Israel could look his disciples and move off to the mountains. Follow hii receding figure until it is lost in upon him. Hannah was communing with her Lord when "she tpake in her heart; only her the distance and we know that in that dense darkness, he i3 in deep and loving com lips moved, but her voice was not heard." She ' munion with his Father in heaven. W'thm"poured ou yiej'jBoul before the Lord and He was needful in hi3 case, how much more in Eer request. David TpdTeran(i" ofrrantcd ours; who have wants a thousand fold greater. was a man of much prayer, said he, "Evening and morning and at noon will I pray and cry i Jesus, Brother! help us to find thy knee prints on the mountain and pray to thy Father aloud and he. He shall hear my voice," It was Communion -- with God which gave and our Father, thy God and our God. Let children to bear tis put aside the pleasures of life, which are so strength to the three Hebrew " empty, eo vain, and unsatisfying, and let us the "burning fiery furn ace, rath er than wortake deep draughts at the well of communion, his with ship a false God. It was communion Father which inspired Daniel with courage to and thus imitate him, through whom we enjoy God would the hope of eternal life. lions, knowing that face the .. hungry . m i Cold mountains and the midnight air, deliver him in the hour or pern, lurn we to - Witnessed the fervor of 1 is prayer, the Book of Mormon and we fintfrj6s't6b"e The desert Ilis temptations knew, he gives us a yery His conflict and His victory too. a- - man of much' prayer which the he of way by Mary X. Corby. interesting description counsel, DE-TO-SPRING,- No. 17. - --- . Written for the Relief Society Jubilee March 17, 1892. ; Oh! blest was the day when the Prophet and Seer, ( Who stands at the head of this last dispensation,) Inspir'd from above by "The Father' of Love, Form'd the Daughters of Zion's great organization. And its purpose, indeed, is to comfort and feed The honest and poor in distress and in need. Oh! the Daughters of Zion, the friends of the poor Are exemplars of faith, hope and charity, pure. : .;, 1 ' - CHORUS. . : Daughters of Zion, the friends of the poor, Are exemplars of faith, hope and charity, pure. er my-mast- pen-ivel- y . Oh! Daughters of Truth, ye have cause to rejoice, . Ijo the key of advancement is placed in your keeping; To help with your might whatsoever is right, To gladden their hearts who. are .wearxoLweepjng.. By commandment divine, Zion's daughters m'ist shine, And all of the sex, e'en as one, should combine, For a oneness of action success will ensure In resisting the, wrongs Jhat 'tis. wrong to endure. ' . them-go-to-th- "r Oh! the : . Chorus. Oh, woman!3od gave thee the longing to bless, Thy touch like Compassion's, is warm and carressing; .And there's power in thy weakness to soften distress, To brighten the gloom and the darkness depressing: And not in the rear, hence, need 'woman appear; Her star is ascending, her zenith is near; Like an angel of mercy, she'll stand in the van, The joy of the world, and the glory of man. Chorus. . -- ' 1 . " 