WOMAN'S i EXPONENT. we left for the depot; in fifteen minutes the train came along; we shook hands with our friends, stepped aboard the train and were sdou speeding on 'our homeward journey arriving at nine o'clock in Salt Eake City very tired yet thankful to our Heavenly. Father for his preserving care over us. We had a pleasant but arduous .trip, traveling six hundred miles. Too much praise cannot be given to President Ricks for his kind, fatherly care oyer us, in seeing that "we were comfortably provided for; meeting us at the train and traveling with us around the Stake, and seeing us aboard the -- train for our homeward journey. W e shall never forget our trip to the good folks of Bannock Stake. M. Isabella Horne. KMPRKSS FREDERIC AND WOMEN'S Paris, France, , - J Oct. 20, 1892. Editor I Voman ' s 0 urn ah In my last letter, written from Berlin, I briefly characterized many of the interest- ing associations composed of women, and institutions founded by them, which I had. been privileged to visit. One fact concerning them I reserved for this article, of which it forms a necessary part. From the "Scheppeler Eette Vereiu" to the "Yolks' Kuchen," all of the societies ind works referred Jo are 'MLJnder the pro- tection of Her. Majesty, the Empress Fred- erick." It was some time before I realized 65 purpose, engaged in some wrork whose motive lay outside of self. Every 'one of the "circle" whom I met realized and deplored the relative weakness consequent upon isolating her own work from that of others, and as we discussed the means of securing its advancement. Her Majesty- - was "also: a federation of forces for the cominon interdeeply sympathetic with the ideas that unests," one after another explained the obderlie the organizations of the National and stacle to such a union, always ending with International, Councils, and the urging the an expression of eager desire for it, and usefulness of their application with the statement: "The Empress Fredof local .scope. She talked freely of her erick has always desired just such a feder- .own efforts to federate the different societies ation, and if it can be accomplished at all and institutions organized by the women of in Germany, it will be only through her inBerlin through the "circle" of which I " fluence. Several of these leaders, each in had learned so much in that City, and to a personal interview, suggested my seekwhich I have above referred as "The Em ing an audience with the Empress and unpress's circle." During the winter it is the folding to her the ideas of the National and habit of the Empress to invite the mem International Councils of women and the bers of the Circle to take tea with her plans for the generate World's- - Congress of .once or twice a month. On these occasions Women at Chicago in '93, with a view to. each one (who as I have before, intimated enlistinglTeTirajestyTTid in securing for? Is the working head of some Sstitutiou or this Congress a good delegation of German society enjoying the Empress's protection) women. reports'the state of her own work. All adIt may be difficult to believe that the sug- vise together, and endeavor to make, their gestion was, at first, not agreeable; such, works mutually supplementary. The Emhowever, is the fact. : As a simple Ameripress spoke of their little, meetings as if they can woman, unfamiliar with the manners of were a source of great pleasure to herself, ... Empresses, possessing a tongue untrained told me somelncidents to illustrate the helpto the phraseology employed in addressing fulness of even such informal federation of imperial personages, I felt that I should be interests, and expressed the strongest desire to see such a federation take national proiquite out of place in a Queen's audience chamber. Deliberately to seek an interportions under permanent, formal organi- view with the Empress, and thus to become zations. The Empress deplored the- - present state responsible for jtheiinpression. produced in: the royal circle by the plans for the work of of Unrest among the working people, and the Congress Auxiliary of the Columbian protested strongly against the injustice of those who attribute it to the fact that eduExposition, wras a role to wdiich I felt unequal; and not until it had been pressed up- - cation has been made accessible to the massn me as a duty by many deeply interested, es, and hold liberal reformers responsible id I consent to ask for an audience. I re- - for it. With the democratic conviction to eived a iavorable response irom Her which one is accustomed in a republic, but Majesty: s : chainberlain, and ;the7: audience-wa- s - which one does not expect from royal lips, set for Saturday, August 6. The sum Her Majesty declared with eniphasis: "It mer residence of the Empress is at Horn- - is not too much education which produces ' to-socie- , " " t ? , -- , -- people everywhere, these strikes and dis-a- n seusions; not too much but too little edu- rntion is n. the-trouble- people: that respect for useful things and for .the people who can produce them, together, with a desire to be useful, shonld be incul cated in every child; and that all systems of education which ignore this part of their plain function fail on the side of practical morals. In discussing industrial education, the Empress Frederick can speak with the authority of experience, for, as a child, she was educated to habits of industry; was instructed carefully in household arts, and has worked all her life very perserer- ingly in her studio; producing both sculp- - . , el VI i signi-fieancblHHtt- , r - 4 - of this "circle" to be a woman of serious I the warmest approyalaudji sed ex-pres- the opinion that intellectual and industrial education should accompany each other in all classes of schools for all classes of k' " Her-Majes-ty -" - dog-kenn- ties" 1 the full import of this phrase. In spite of what I had long ago known of the activity of the Empress, while yet Crown Princess, in establishing courses of university lectures for women, and in facilitating educational opportunities for gir ' unconsciously associated 'Her' Majesty's Protection' 'with the royal patronage which bakers and brewers,;. taUors and.millirierJn all monarchical countries, are wont to use of Prankfort-on-the-MaiThe Schloss is trade-maras a k indicative of the superior interesting building, formerly the resi- deuce of the Electors. It was once occu- quality of their wares. But, whenJEjmmd in thePestaiozzi-Frcebe- l House,' ' games pied by the daughter of George III., who and studies presented by the Empress; and married a German prince, and like most in Frau Heyl's wonderful cooking school a European castles it is clothed with historic case of phials from the royal hand, con reminiscences. After traversing- numerous taining the chemical - constituents of the courts and corridors, we reached an ante- common grains, vegetables, and fruits, prechamber wdiere we were received by the sented by Her Majesty on one of her visits Countess Prpoiicher, chief lady in waiting of inspection; when I learned that the Prin-ces- s of Her Majesty. After a few minutes conVictoria wras Frau Heyl's first pupil in versation, which showed her to be converthe art of gardening; when I knew that sant with the object of my visit, the Countess the Empress had recently inspected " Tan-necconducted me to an interior apartment where ' Her Majesty presently appeared, the Coun'(the. country home where Fraulein ' Grain lives with the Tension" portion of tess at the same time quitting the chamber. her pupil3), and had gone from observatory In a moment the gracious cordiality of to in her survey of the premises; Her Majesty's welcome gave me the ease when, in "The Victoria Training School . of an accustomed guest, and in the more jl. gun uivm kuuv vj, iu.lu..vsu.j vi iu.uv.w wx xymuitjj ixiiiui r v Her Majesty's personal vigilance and sym- - tained me, my mind was fully occupied with the subjects before us, viz. : the condition 7 pathy, I began to understand that the phrase "Under the Protection of Her Majesty, the of the women of difHerent countries, parQueen andEmpress Frederick" was of vital ticularly of those of Germany and the United States," as respects opportuui ties for plied; and, moreover, that it is a sure pledge education, for employment, and for the exof noble motive and capable management ercise of personal liberty , and the best in the institutions enjoying it. Presently, I methods of securing on the Committee of discovered that "most of the remarkable .Honor-fothe Congress of- ,93 the German group of women by whom! was vvelcomed names that would carry most weight at were members of what they constantly rehome and abroad, and be truly representaferred to as 'The Empress's Circle. " I tive of the best that Germany has attained, noted that the tone in which the "circle" so far as its women are concerned. As, in was mentioned by its members, had an ac- - reply to Her Majesty 's searching qucstiqrfs, 'Cent of proud, noble, modesty, but no hint the complete outline of the plans for this " sire that Germany should send worthy delegates who can gather as well as give, and bring back for home use air enlarged coni- prehension of the significance of ' the woman movement," and new enthusiasm for I lUiV. HAi-l-l waiUUllcO VVU1V.U i ilvalViitV, (.Licit.. iJUiCl she not been born to other duties, she would have been a professional artist. Moreover, the leading industrial and technical schools fbr girbin Berjiiv Her Majesty's protection, and she, with the Emperor Frederick, was active in the establishment of the "Kuiist Gewerbe" museum. When I explained that the "GtMieml World's Congress of Women" would be divided into several departments, and that it would be the aim of the committee charged with preparing the programme to secure from the delegates of each couhtry a report that would give both the history ji vvyiucu in uicix icbpec- - - , 