WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Dear mother your daughter is still alive, won't you come over and see her before we Kven while I am writing, the dear die.children are prattling about what they will do and say when grandmother comes, dnd they join with their father in best love to And when thou in reverent mood Approaching the Father above; Seek blessings for absent or good, Then I am remembered in love. -- j0s.. of" I childhood,-asiy look with pride upon my mother With my babe in her arms, for 1 have now four children; o - JHPor-i-1:Le.- . - - ; Since I laid down my pen , mother and years have passed a way.. The kingdom of God is progressing, and the valleys of the mountains are being filled with an industrig ous, thriving and people. The wilderness and solitary place is glad for them and is made to blossom as the rose; and now the bright grain is waving, the gardens are full of wealth and beauty. In . God-fearin- ' ' apples, pearSipeajcheQiKiplums are hanging in rich abundance. Avenues of trees are : growing along our streets, and our children are growing up around us in the fear of the Lord, and in the faith and wisdom of the kingdom. My mother, after being for years a blessing to me aiid her liCeln peace, in a good old age, and the star of my happy destiny shines upon her r ' grave. mf ' i: " - - December 6, and. passed the time in delightful conversation. Among the guests were Presidents Angus M. Cannon and C. W Penrose, also Mr. Charles Ellis, Laron Pratt and others. Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, Dr. E. S. Barney, Dr. R. B. Pratt, Miss Annie M. Cannon, Mrs. Laron Pratt, Miss Maude Pratt, the last named young lady sang a few favorite songs voice and style.-Mis- s Pratt is not onlv a fine singer but willing to and entertain her friends who love to hear gratify t icai U. W. P. CLUB. music sunner was a womnlcrfi- snrri and was handsomely served. There seemed to be nothing lacking in the way of variety, and and seasoned to the most every dish fastidious taste, the guests enjoyed it and did ample justice to the abundant feast of good things. These social reunions help to brighten the long, cold winter evenings, and the renewal of old acquaintances is in itself a pleasure. Ed. Mrs.-Musse- r's ; The U. W. P. Club convened in the Woman's Exponent "parlor": Nov. 30, 1892, Mrs. E. B. Wells in the chair. P rayer was offered by Mrs. L. G.' Richards, minutes of previous meeting readand approved. Roll call responded to by original sentiments, or gems of thought such as the following from Mrs: L. G. Richards. "Since character is the only structure thou cans't build, That will not fall or fail thee, . f . : - Oh! ambitious youth; Build deep, build strong, build high, but only gila And decorate with fair, untarnished truth.M -- The secretary then read the yearly report of the club, which was accepted by the .' members. Miss N. V. Davis, in a mos pleasing and realistic manner, continueu her description of "A Trip to Alaska" to the great enjoy. ment present. The club', was' next favored with a "poem entitled "Thanksgiving,' ' written and read by Mrs. R. M. Fox". Mrs. H. B. Wells called attention to the fact that the U. W.' P. C. had been organized on Halloween, and hoped that another year we might celebrate it in an original of-al- l : . . . .. waywhielrstiggesiidfr well-cook- ed ' ONE OF A STRING OF PEARLS. - mence to turn new. leaves and register new vows. How just and brave and true we are going to be after January 1st! That fellow whom we have done our best to injure we are going to forgive. That special peccadillo we have cherished we are going to abandon. That debt we have shirked we are going to pay. And so we nter upon the untried year as children start to school on Monday morning, with clean bibs and faces. Alas! how many of us come tagging home at the end of the year, like these same c hildren at the close of the day, tatters, soiled garments and tears. JJut however much we 'fail and however hopelessly we fall short of the standard set before us, never let us give over striving, my dear. The time tspent in forming all thtse good resolutions is not wasted time', any more than that time is misspent which a steamer spends in coaling up. The wheels rest while the furnace fires take on a rud- " dier light; the contention down in the furnace room among the rods and pistons and valves is hushed for awhile, while the great ship takes on new fuel. Just so the soul grows richer by that divine impulse which holds it to the dock, of a irood intention. Even he who stumbles most. walking- between fans,Ts better than he keeps yet : ...u ...11.. i:r.. .li.ii nis luie vvuu :u: uu a flcutc anu wimues me away in useless shavings, like a truant school-bo- y with' a pine stick and a ne w jack-knifIs it not better ' . -- - 1 1 and voted upon; a committee to be appointed the previous meeting for the arrangement of the same. Mrs. E. B. Wells and that those children of ours, those precious little Miss Davis then 'rdsdecJiorjQ2iL Jeather4dsjjipglvg us. so,, much-- rouble-na- w should promise and faithfully try to be riBuIrn?' dlust;rative of the character of the and then, good, than' that they should never make an effort day as observed in Scotland. ? toward And. to the Father who An onginal poem was. then read by Mrs. watches us so patiently out of heaven as w e stumble and riot along our "way, is it not far betPhebe C. Young. ter in His eyes that we aspire, even though we Au able, interesting and instructive seldom attain? The that attempts to soar, article, on the "World's Fair." written even though his wingseagle are clipped, has more of the eagle nature in him' than one that is content and read by Mrs. L,illie T. Freeze. his cage, and with his keeper. with Selected The suggestion of a programme committee by Mrs. E. B. Wells was favorably COUJMBUS. received, and followed by the appointment Gknoa has become immortalized as the of Mrs. 1,'ula Greene, Richards, M rs. birth-plac- e of Col uuibus. The years 1 433 Mary Freeze and Mrs. Georgina Young as that committe to act during the winter. 1435 are given by different authors as the An amendment to article iv of the "By time of his birth. It seems fitting 'taws, "of the club, was offered by Mrs. that so sublime a mariner should be brough t Phebe C. Young, in the form of a motion; forth and reared on the shores of the sen viz, that we have four Vice Presidents at Columbus lived in an auspicious time. The large, instead of one as heretofore; the 15U1 century, like the 19th, the 5th and the motion w;as carried, and Mrs. Susa Y, Gates 10th, has 4 been noted a period of great transition. Some of the greatest artists and Mrs. Tulia A. Mac Donald, were ap and sculptors : flourished. The! printing-press- , pointed for those positions. the mariners compass, tie use of The Motto and Badge Were again discus-- " sed, but no satisfactory conclusion arrived gunpowder, the astrolobe were then known. at regarding them. Kelresnments were So also a reformation in Christianity was partaken of, while discussing critics and necessary, and the teachings of the Martyr criticism in the club. Benediction R. M. Savonarola, and the doctrines of T.tithpr were brought forth; So too Columbus , for Dec. wth. Roll call hour" wbeff our exerasefHSidaT:sements lorigifml lines leartltziaiid intellect demane-liihl- f5 received his instruction at the University of nApm. Miss N. V. Davis. Mrs. C. C: R. Wells, article on the close of the Pavia, where he devoted his time to the study of navigation, the natural sciences year, 1892. Mrs. Dickinson, descriptive and nautical astronomy. poem. G. Woodmanscc, music. JDiscust; e. 1 , COMMUNINGS. -- ng S. R. E. nfiectiQnateiniijIiitiful - . Like stars to the darkness of nizht. And flowers sweet fragrance and hue, Comes this bea Heavenly light.- - bless you dear make you a blessing to, me. mother, and the earnest prayer of your Hid "miner Angelina. Little more than seven years had passed (, , away 'when my husband was sent on a short mission to, England, and when he returned O happy day! he brought my mother with him. .My mother had been converted to the faith, so "she said, while praying for me tlie srnrit Had enlightened her mind to discern the truth. And here Lara, again A PLEASANT EVENING. A few friends met by invitatiofT at the residence of Mrs. Belinda P.' Musser, on Tuesday evening Likthe air distilling its devv, you. May the L,ord Almighty .gver 95 right-doing- -- have fairy-lik- e dreams of the past, And delicate visions of ihcet That come as the evening stars shine forth, Far over the land and sea.. 1; When the bright silvery moon looks down With a celestial glow, My spirit flies on wings of a dove, And I roam in the long ago. While joy notes blend in my happy heart, With its life's deep and solemn rhyme, And over the future's shining gate, There is written a scroll divine. 7 f There's a beautiful niche in my heart, Ever sacred for such as thee; Sinless and pure from the world apart, As the stars that light up the sea. L. M. H. I " . -- - REMEMBERED. .Oh! the first sweet message from home, TIow jt thrills my heart wit h As a beam from Heavenward flown, To illume my soul with its light. deliht. Yes it breathes the sweetest of thought That a language ever could tell, This little white paper has brought The news that my loved ones are well. . Another sweet consciousness too - IS'expnse That I am remembered by you, ': in our dear mountain home. Away .... -- Prop-ramme- . 1 I 1 . t by the club. ; . -- - . Gladys . ... I '1 H . Woodmakskk, Rec. Sec. -- MfSh&ttaitWCre'-BGr on" relirnnn ntl business alike Like the Meditterraneau mariners of the present day he engaged Jn .. " 