r- - i WOMAN'S EXPONENT. JUBILEE HYMN. 139 the president- Siter Rmmn Smltl. n,) ' ..i,,, auij uci. the amount of plant food held in solution in- - ; touDselors. Sister Wldtn ' eluding the gaes. leveiand, had taken their seats upon th At a later date will have other requests to Hand, I members were admitted. ... :; . make relating.to irrigation, problems. iv.ua juiucu me IV. The Station wiil.render.any assistance" oocieiy wuiiiii a year. ""sepn metwitti us manv times and that it can by way of identification of insects gave .us much counsel and and plants of interest to agriculture.' he said 'Every virtuous V. I nstituti; Meetings. The Experiment ' woman should oeiongto this Society.'- This Organization ,V Station Staff assisted by College 'professors not only for the nurnose of ndminitPrJnrr will during vacation and probably during the ine sick and atUicted, the poor and the needy coming winter deliver lectures over the Terri- uul H 3 10 Save SGUI.S. It th Kifpre- pnmn tnrv. nt ciif nointa na in turtxt 01 nttpna tnnv ui-unw- Written March 17,1892 for the fiftieth anniversary of thepRehef Society, organized March 17, 42 ' by -- the JProphet Joseph Smith in Nauroo III, . Well may the songs of gladness - : Within these vales resound. Hushed every note of sadness, , And only joy abound A truce to care and sorrow. ' Let one arid all agree, Forgetful of the morrow e To keep this Jubilee." - valuable-instructions- , I us With their ever onward pacer."" . " poor ""'"' us, "" ; As Jesus said they'd be, ' Yet all can join with gladsome hearts To keep this Jubilee. Our Heavenly Father knew Just what His church required, o, . ...... . meuls for halls. The; traveling expenses in ,- " " And in eighteen forty-twHe Joseph Smith inspired This society to organize, Which through all time w ill be A holiday for us to keep ' A happy Jubilee. - . " ' Virmlo tKt- ; To keep this Jubilee. . fh A T".Mfl 1 find fault. If ye are according to - circumstances , pureun part : oran-iu- H all things nothing on earth or in heaven can will have to be met by the locality extending hinder the angels from associating vitK: you." the invitation. One or several will attend v At one meeting he said,, he vCquld hot be these meetings and remain for one or more 7 with us much longer to instruct, us. This days as may be desired. made U3 all feel sad. His words soon came to lhe press will oblige bv copying at least the and pass wrung our hearts with sorrow and sections of this notice relating ta sugar-beets- r tor the great "loss we had sustained in and to grief . irrigating water. our beloved losing . dearly Prophet for a, true Very Respect fully, I know he was. . prophet . J. W. Sanborn, ' It has been a ."Labor of Love." The sick Director... ' and destitute have been blessed, the cast down have been comforted, and the Lord has ' EDITORIAL NOTES. filed our heart? with joy and peace. Let us take" renewed courage and be more On account of devoting almost our entire united and earnest in this great work, and if any one has ill feelings towards another, space to the Relief Society Jubilee and its banish them and make this a Jubilee in very history, together with the exercises in the deed. Tabernacle, we are unable to publish the next May the choicest of Heaven's blessings rest .chapter. of. the story "In Rural England," and upon all Israel i3 my prayer in the name of J other matter "contributed, but the story: will appear in our next issue, and also important v Jesus; " Amen. notices of the celebration of the Jubilee in other places. We hope our v correspondenta-wi- ll continue THE AGRICULTURAL EXPERIMENT to faror us with an interesting, variety of STATION. articles on the various topics of the day, we. invite those who have something to communi Logan, Utah, March; 7th, 1892. cate, young or old to write for the 'Woman's ' Nor in our favored land alone . Will this glad day be kept, . Where ere the Gospel light has shone : To show where darkness slept. Nations afar and distant lands, The islands of the sea, With us will join with heart and hand' The Gosper of Salvation With all its gifts and powers Has been restored again tm sink ntul nonehould Till fifty years their course have run - V For which we render praise. We all, God's, watchful care should own " ' And His great goodness' see; Only let love our hearts attune. To keep this Jubilee. " AndTostilllightthethis worldare ofwithours. i mands unon .The wheels of time have brought '. ' . ..r ' - Since dawned that memorable day, How much has been achieved, How many sick and suffering ones Have had their wants relieved? Go ask the living and the dead ' How great their numbers be, AV ho've cause to join with all their might 1. To The FARii Public: r The Territorial Experiment Station) which is a department of the Agricultural College of Utah, has so far matured its organization that - , it is enabled to widen its field of work. During the present, season it desires to co, loperate with the farmers of Utah ia the investi- ExroxENT and help in the advancement of truth and purity and all those" principles and ideas which will uplift and strengthen woman in the various walks of life, and aid in leading humanity to broader channels of enlightenment and a higher conception of the work to be accomplished in the redemption of the human family ..and the establishment of the . reign of righteousness upon, the earth. -- gation of the following subjects: I. Sugar Beets. For the purpose of ascertaining the yield, composition, best methods of cultivation and cost of production of sugar ' . To keep this Jubilee. beets in the several sections of the Territory, IMPORTANT TO THE RELIEF SOCIETY. the Station will furnish the. seed of one or The President of the Relief Society, Afrs. Zina May every officer be blessed beets varieties of more or tojcmejmndred sugar D. II. Young, desires to obtain, for future use and T Who in this work takes part, beets for sugar at and farmers test the more reference, historical sketches of each branch of And labor thus for others good . several free of of periods development, charge. -the Relief Society ll landwhere there-- is or With undivided heart. seed be will Those to receiving keep has been an organization, thesketchf each to required This work in the beginning small cost of production and yield and to forthe include the amount of charitable work or dis Will great and greater be, from to for time time. ward analysis samples Till happy millions gladly keep bursements made , and for what purposes, with fill lest the the To make of investigation Eachnecessary data; also when organized and by for farmers of the the names of ofiicers, aDd the changes 'Tis meet that we appreciate T y A several sections of the Territory to join in the "wBbm, that have been made, if any. The President And all due honor pay, trial, ror this, purpose T request those wishes the minutes of Jubilee celebrations held in To the great time we celebrate to forward their names. Seeds and a ward or place, whether in this country or in " On jhis auspicious day. circular of instructions will jbe forwarded to each other lands, accompanied with the sketch of the Nor would we close without a prayer those requiring them, about April first. : the occasion. Address Our Father; God to Thee, II. Alkali Soil lhe Station will make Relief Society written for ,. these manuscripts and communications to Mrs. E. Thai Thou wooll'st let thy blessing rest analysis of representative alkali soils for sevUpon this Jubilee. eral sections of Utah; Those Jnterested are B. Wells, office of Woman's Exponent, Salt Hannah Cornaby. ; ; J to forward samples. Circulars of in-- 1 Lake Qity, Utah. required . today.---.years BornlVlafcb7T7rATlri gazr-Atru ctTonT for sampling will- be. sent to those Professor John Gardiner, who is a graduate who desire to forward samples. r III. Irrigation Investigation. The of the University of London, and fills"' the ADDKESS Of B ATHSHEBA W. SMITH.; chair of Biology in the University of Colorado College and Station expect to make a specialty takes strong'grouud in favor of the equality ha3 .already accuRead by Apostle John Henry Smith at the of irrigation problems. It mulated data subject. Through of men and women. Hersaya that the reason Large Tabernacle Salt Lake City March 17, its Chemist, bearingonHhis to Italy gave a.1 position in Bologna 1University Engineer, and Professor of Agrii. 1892. iL a woman, tnree numirea years ago,-aucommand mat their with at the -. culture appliances My Dear Brothers and Sisters: Dante-shoulseveral lines of inquiry will be instituted. depict such' a "character -- as I rejoice that I have lived to see this day We desire to secure water from all of our Beatrice, was because Italy was a commercial : the Jubilee of our Relief Society. nation. In peace is woman's opportunity, wells, jrnpojtantjrr Militarism is ner uesirucuon. ino ueiug nas and reservoirs at varying seasons o. me year ef Society in Nouvoo Smith much to hope from peace a3 woman. Organization Wa3 perfected, and in order to ascertam the sed.ment carried and so After - ; . in-a- - . - coming-Jubile- e. luet-wiILJbe-jQenetf- sary ( ed , . ged 11,1 d 1 p. f. . 1 