WOMAN'S EXPONENT; 78 were" really in the grasp of that unwelcome visitant; ' 'generally always"associated with ''life on the Ocean wave." In order to try .the power of mind over matter,- - I had ijetermiiied that I would not give in to the disagreeable visitor; but would conduct' myself just as though I was perfectly free from any squirmishy feeling, and perhaps if I took no notice of it, and did not let others guess that anything was wrong, k might leave' me. So confusion.- - lit was quite impossible for. us with this idea and purpose strong in my to distinguish a word they were' saying, mind,-- took my appointed seat at the break and lookiner down upon this noisy foolish fast table with a great deal . of assumed mass hcomposurerthough:lTioted,from mentally making use of the words of very few of those who sat down to the din- the iiitrtit before, were now to be thnt iirv Purk" ntnl evrlnimed "Whnt tier fools we mortals be." j seen. My waiter, all attention, inquired ' The scene is changed; and we are now what I would like, at the same time present- fairly launched upon the mysterious deep, ing me a bill of fare, and venturing to sug- We have bid adieu to the Western wTorld, j gest what he thought would be: nice. The the land of our nativity. 'And watch with very words on the bill signifying food, lit- - ing together and wildly gesticulating with their hands as though their very lives de- pended upon ity while the radiant bloom on their countenances, indexed the intense ex- citement thev felt, handkerchiefs - were-narvously yet freely applied to . wipe the perspiration from their heated brows; while the many telegraph operators, who had posts all around the circular room, kept up constant click, click click, on their instru-- v ':a v ments, adding to the general hubbub and This state of affairs lasted for nearly a week, during which time my -- : 1 . not-refra- m- t-ib-le made the deck dining-hal- l. R. S. REPORTS. - . I REORGANIZATION. A spKCial meeting was called by the Bishop at the 6th, Ward Assembly Rooms, Oct. 5th, j8g2j for the purpose of reorganize ing the Relief Society. Bishop J. K. Watson and Counselor Arnold G. Giauque were present; also Brothers Snarr -and- latham. The meeting w?as opened by Singing," 'Come, Come ye Saints. " Prayer by Bro. Jas. Latham. Bishop Watson explained the - 1 ; business of the meeting; owing to the de mise of our late President the Bishop had deemed it wise to reorganize, this Society; said it is now in order for the sisters to elect a President to preside over this Society and 4et her choose two - Counselors r to assist :iif " that wraiter stood there talking porridge and the duties of this office. Counselor Isabella was chosen President, and a unanimilk,ham and eggs, coffee, toast, rolls mar- - West on the spot. mous vote was taken to sustain her, with malade etc, to me, I mustElizabeth Britton and Ellen Watson as So keeping my mouth as nearly shut as possible to admit any sound whatever, I told Counselors. Sister I. West was set apart him I wonld have a cup of coffee,and some by Bishop J. E. Watson, Elizabeth Britdry toast. He could tell by the manner in ton, by Counselor Arnold Giauque, t Ellen which the order was given that I should Watson by Bishop Watson. The remaining not care to wait overly long for him to fill officers and members were sustained by a . unanimous vote. it; so hurried away as lively, as possible, Sister May Peterson enrolled as a member. wearing a peculiar smile 'on his countenance. I 'could feel inyself turning pale all over, Sister Alice Buttenvo'rth, Bella litts, Maty and hot and cold alternately. I knew that Peterson appointed as' block teachers, also the Captain, the Purser, the Docter. and sustained in that position. some ol the passengers who were hardened Bishop J. F. Watson said the Society is to sea life, were eyeing me, to see how kng now declared organized, in selecting your I would stay with it; which knowledge did President, it meets with the hearty approval not add any to my comfort. Finally the of the Bishop. Instructed Sister .West to cofTecand toast arrived and - I - proceeded tdr preside - in " kindness to Create - that:; lore partake thereof sipping the coffee and amongst her sisters that emanates from munching the toast trembling - lest any God. Seek wisdom from Him, be dictated moment an accident might befall me. by His Spirit, said the sisters should ;. be reado"assist Pfesident Probably I sat there three minutes, trying to - united, willing-and and w;as" perform their labors faithfully appear as TF1 enjoy ing myself; every West, second ot which I.lelt I could not hold out May the L,oid bless, unite and strengthen another second; yet L would choke it down, those who aie called to preside. " determined that I would not be sick; but O, : Counselor A. G. Giauque said' 'the, Relief the agony of that' first breakfast on the Society is one of the grandest institutions on '. ;.3v. the earth. The world is patterning after us Ocean. ' rHowrever notwithstanding my heroic rein these things. Societies and charitable instutions are in many parts of the world solves, when the three or at most four minutes jhad concluded that if for the benefifbf the'.poor.-- The teachers of I wished to avoid making myself unpleas- our Relief Society every where are like angels antly conspicuous, I had better leave the of mercy, speaking, words of comfort, ministable, and that without much ceremony; I tering to the sick and needy, those who are made a beeline for my state room which sick need the faith and prayers of uch, when luckily was very near the saloon, and the body is weak, the mind is also weak dejectedly threw .myself down upon the and such need the faith of those who, adr hard HttleeouchTanqm minister to them. Those who are called to tnere someiew hours only, as it was not preside need our faith and prayers. " Gave .recommended for my health;anol then succed-e- d much good counsel. in' scrambling upon deck, where I joined Bishop J. E. Watson sustained the remy companions wlio were m a similar con- - marks of Counselor Giauque they emanated uuion io my own. We tned for sometime from our Heavenly Father, Brother to cheer each other by chatting, singing.etc. Giauque was a young man ever ready and for, from some uaccountable 1 reason, each do his duty. willing-tone seemed most anxious that each other Pres. Isabella AVest said, "my heart is to one, should not guess that they were afflictfull formany words... I feel the responsi ed. So we persistently declared that there bility of my position, I feel like a little was nothing the matter with us. No inchild, of myself I can do but veiy little, deed; we were not sick; alas such nrntp my sisters I ask you to be one with me. I tatious were idle. The. pallor e face f r ask the Iord to give me wisdom that I may i it iiiix ii ui tine " tiic flauyuui be able to fill my position with honors and movement, and the eral shrinking from even the sound ofgenthe integrity. In my choice of Counselors I dinner.belli betrayed only too surely 'the "feel to love all my sisters, have no fault; to of all. feelings It was quite useless find. May our Heavenly Father bless Us to try to conceal the fact; we must submit that we may be a band of sisters williug to to the inevitable, "which wise conclusion do our part. "Brother Snarr, iemlnded7us that we had 5iLH!!;asx)0 to make the best of the situation. made sacred covenants to sustain those who . co-mingle- oV "A" fe faction; the rapidly receding shore. How the brilliant rays of the declining sun; glorify a ud bring out as by an illumin ation, the stately splendor and surpassing grandeur of the land we love. We view it with swelling hearts, hearts that oTer flow with gratitude, not all unmixed with pride, and we exclaim with rapture deep profound "This is my own, my native laud. 7 The sun sinks lower, low)ir, behind yon fading-- ; western hills, and the shades of night creep on apace to assume the place of et in our recollections that ilday. lumination still remains. Our country is encircled by a halo of light. Tis night; deep, vast, and solemn; and the. myriad lamps of heaven are kindly lighted, penetrating the tokjaetoiresXsupon.:ih uufathonablFworld of nature, "Shine out, 0, friendly stars 0, wondrous-spheres, shine out in airyoursplendor; and leave us not in darkness, with ' these -hungry-lashing waves." Shine oirtiirair your glory; telling plainly the sweet story, of our Father's boundless mercy and our Savior's wondrous love. " Encompassed by such solemn grandeur, such awe inspiring magnificence, we ask ourselves the momentous question; 'what are we?" The answer comes spontaneously: JLQlv arrogant speck, amid God's vast creations:',' We are humiliated; yea, almost stunned, by the thought of our utter insignificance; our nothingness. But soon is applied a soothing balm , to the wounded spirit, and the still small Toice repeats to us these reassuring words: j "Not a sparrow falleth-b- ut your Heavenly Father knoweth it, and every hair of your head is numbered.' Fear not, for are ye not of much, more worth than many sparrows?" II.ow our hearts exult with gladness and rejoicing; with praise and thanksgiving to our Father and God, for His goodness and mercy i long suffering and tender care, that encircles us, abides with us, day by day. --I spent-many evenings on "the deck of the which seasons failed not to impress vessel, upon me, useful; lessons of humility, and greater love and reverence for the of God ..,.:..-- . "Oh- a life on the Ocean wave, the mail who wrote it was ereen" Tvo sail i' cj one: orurteamerssengerswho did not enjoy sea sickness; and we all felt willine to join in the chorus. Yes, all our fond ' , -- -- - - won-drousn- ess ... w anticipations of the night before, were shat- J.mnnennes;-an- d -- we felt-th- at we -- . - , , . . . : -- -- . -- -- had-expire- d, 1 - ... -- o - of-th- r-i- . - in-wa- rd i : 