WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 43 TO THE NIGHT. free from anxious care, and have every need not allowed to stay at home from it; for supplied through the working of His well men called tithingmen were sent about ordered Providence, for "to them .that love town to look-fothose that were absent. As I enter the shadowy portals of night, God all . things work together for good. " Men were fined for every unnecessary abTo stray in her solitude vast, It is God's care to provide for all who serve sence; and, if they staid away a month toPale memory whispers a vanished delight 4 a ud tru st I 1 i m r IHs oitr care to mai nta iir gether they might be put into the stocks or And summons a shade from the past, our trust and religious character, casting all into a wooden cage. Hearth and Hall. Lo! my Marguerite plays: the sweet passion and our anxiety upon Him "who taketh care for skill us." The ground of Divine care, and of That we loved speak again in her art. our love and trust is that God is our Father, NOTES AND NEWS. How the strains of her violin sound, at' her will and that we are His earth born children. Like the chords of a human heart. Faithful and affectionate children have no Tiik Baroness Grippenberg, of Finland, "comfort their well and who has organized a women ' s council in anxiety concerning is only a dream, such jis travelers say being, which" is piovidedTorthem by their her native country,- - writes: - 'Eoolc out or Thirst gives in the lands of the sun; you will be left behind by the council ofJ And the sad, sweet face and the form pass away ; careful parents. - Through faith and righteousness the children of the Heavenly women who are Fins." The music and gloryare done! Parent may confidently trust the Divine Miss M. C. Taylor, of New Orleans, has 1 call on care avd providence. All glory, then to my love in griefs passionate' words, '." -Him who knew whereof He wrought. ' 'All been appointed State librarian of Louisiana, .If only one moment to stay; But all that I hear is the twitter of birds glory too, io that transmitting power which by Secretary of State T. S. Adams, and has That wake in the morning gray. brings such sweetness from such bitter been in charge of the State Library since the ioth. of August, Por four years Miss things good. stilLfrom evil,:bliss-froui-banelYMrirtnejffi Taylor h a s. been snow, State library, Mrs. Cecile Hamilton, having L. M. H. Are a lake, and a valley so fair, been librarian for a number of years. Miss And a sculptured stone, with its record of woe, Emma S. Adams, daughter of Hon. T. S. r -- 1 1 y -- " " . T streiigtij-fromosses-- To tell she is sleeping there. ' V. Gow Gkegor in Once a Week. A -as- in Adams, is assistant librarian. WORSHIP IN OLDEN TIME. Mrs. Gougar spoke recently at a largely If we WHERE DOST THOU WANDER? u, where dost thou wander, and whither hast fled, My friends' gather 'round me and say thou art dead ; Tell me what is its meaning, say what have done, That forsaken I weep in my desolate home? attended meeting at Haverstraw, N. Y. Upon her platform were ten clergymen, including the rector of the Episcopalian Church and Father McGare, of the Roman Catholic, all voting Prohibitionists. Itwras the first time the Reverend Father, had ever heard a woman speak in public, and he exThis world pressed himself as delighted, moves. Organizer ', Indianapolis, Ind. coulu carry curselves back to those olden days, and Avere to approach a New England village about nine o'clock on Sunday morning, we should hear some one beating a drum, or sounding a horn, or blowing a conch shell, or possibly ringing a bell, to call pe'ople to worship, If we came nearer still, we. should see a flag waving- from a church or "meetinghouse." Ent a -- strong tering the village we should fence of stakes around this meetinghouse, and a sentinel - in armor standing near it; and we should see sume of the men, as they - 1 log-bui- lt - I tried to be always a dutiful wife, Was proud of thy love as I was of my life; INTERESTING ITEM. Jiayereeeiy TlQw.lheniiavc-,f- e hast flown And left me to carry life's burden alone? - Hear the wail of our children, thy babesand Utah County which shows the women of that We shouid, perhaps, see a cannon or two " planted -- near the meetinghouse- arid we should also see some strange wooden frames County - not far off, these being the stock, and the" pillory, put there to punish offenders. For the love of a father ever they pine; Looking at this church wg should see that Oh! Father in heaven, give me it had very few glass, windows, and that strength to en dure; these had' very thick and small panes, to lead them in ways that are pure. nd-shaped, Andjvisdom and set in leaden frames. We should observe, that the other windows had I know thou hast promised .the widow to bless, oiled paper instead of glass; and we should And will comfort and cherish the fatherless; see between the windows the heads of Thou hast said to the widow a husband I'll be,' wolves that had been killed and displayed Then Father in mercy look Thou upon me. : there during the year. 11 Whatever my trials irTthee will I trust,z If we were to look inside the little church Though sorrows o'erwhelm me I know thou art we should not see the families sitting to- they would be dis- just; ler, as nowT, And if I will be patient learn life's lessons well tributed according to age, sex, or rank. In The peace of thy spirit my,bosom shall swell. those days the old men sat together in one place in the church, the young men in ' T Already I feel its sweet influence here, another. The boys all sat on the pulpit My husband in spirit I know will be near, stairs or gallery, with constables to guard them.- - Each of these constables had a wand "TilF rent is the vail and I see the bright ray with a hare's foot on one end and a hare's Of Glory that gleams from my husband's abode, . tail on the other. These were to keep the people awake. If any woman went to And thou hast commanded me lay down thy sleep, the constable touched her on the foreHenceforth thy.pure spirit from earth's anguish is head with the hare's tail; but if a small boy nodded, he was rapped with the other end free,; not quite so gently: No doubt the wand Come, and dwell with thy husband eternally. was often used, .for the services were someR. M. F. times three or four hours" long, the, sexton turning the hourglass before the minister at the end of every hour. The only music: DIVINE LOVE, consisted of singing by the congregation J irom a metrical version ot the called God is over all, And His tender mercies "The Bay Psalm book. ' ' Thepsalms, num whole are over all His works. ' ' Since He tender- - ber of tunes known to the congregation did mine, . '" .'. , Him. carelor His children who trust in All who live and trust Him will be r iJ :J could go beyond five.- This was the Puritan form of religious service. And people were - the interest of the- 14, 1892. We desire to inform all those having cocoons to reel that we have engaged the services of a competent reeler. Those wishing cocoons worked up can confer with the President of the Silk Associa"' .. tion , ; Also wish to state that we are having a number of dress goods woven at the Provo Mill and we are about to make a Silk Flag for the World's Fair also a Silk Shawl and other minor articles. M. A. Till, Pres. U. C. S. A. diamo- - - n Editor Exponent: . , awake-i- are-wi- de Provo City Sept. 7 . certaiHIy sistant-hbrananx)f-the . .. Matilda Olsenx Sec. FRIDAY AND THE EAIR. From the Washington Post. It was on Friday that Columbus set sail from PalosjrFrtday he first sawrthe neMrvvofldJ Friday" he reached Palos on his return, the 400th anniversary of the discovery falls on Friday, and on Friday this country was Christened after Americus Vespucius, the Florentine discoverer, Omaha -- v Bee. ' " '' It was on Friday that congress passed the bill providing for the World's Columbian exhibition, the bill was signed by the president on Friday, on Friday congress determined in favor of place for holding thesaid exhibiChicago tion, on Friday the committee agreed to report the loan bill to the house, on Friday the loan was incorporated in the sundry civil bill, on Friday the "Durborow bill" was introduced, amended so as to make a gift of $2,500, 000 to the " 000,000, on Fri bill the gift day passed both houses, and was signed by the president on Friday. as-th- five-milli- on e - 