EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 0 d and indifference she gave him her hand comes of the good blood generations back I b P. Lindsay presiding. Meeting ' Come we Before by singing "Lord with such a look of tenderness that he acsuppose, you would say. Further conversation was prevented by Thee Now." Praver'bv Bishop Tohn H. cepted the silent action as a promise and President J. P. Lindsay1 clasping her to his heart sealed the compact tfie entrance of Maitland, who not knowing IJart. vSinging. with the kiss of MrothaL Forgetful of all of his father's visit or that he was in the spoke of the Jubilee which had been held in each Society throughoutJhe Stakes, of to his moth else he lingered untilie, shades of evening house, came hastilv in er before going out for a ride, his father Zion. She said we alFlire missionairies began to fall, wlien suddenly Jane remembered she had household duties to perform noticing lie, was booted and spurred said, here on earth,, and there is no time to be and chiding herself for such neglect,, he was "whither away young man, is this the way lost in filling our mission. Xo one should reminded that his horse was standing saddled you come to your mother's apartments, have treat lightly sacred "things. Spoke of the andbridled waiting to take him across the 3'ou ho respectfor the proprieties that you come need of education and of.understanding the fields to the sick patient he h;id totally thus unceremoniously into your mother's organization of our bodies and how to take' boudoir'. I shall begin to believe, you are as good care of them. Urged the mothers in .. He was willing to tro now, and alone desperately infatuated as I have' been inIsrael, who will have to rear the young, to crossing the. fields he could meditate, and formed by your acquaintances." gain the. confidence of the children and cor- " feel more deeply the sense of his happiness. rect them in a spirit of kindness and care- "And. pray who may thev be?" inquired He had: almost despaired of winning, her the young- man. hotly Jiot guessing - that-- his- - fulness.-- - Said that the children should prelove, he had believed she would turn to mm lather had been to the castle or. knew pare to fill the higher offices, that they may .in some great need for his strong arm tolean -- r than those who beliiWebTe Tiughrof his:visits"ihere "Hold young man, show a trifle, more re- - now occupy those places. Spoke of the upon." aim tliat she would make mm irappr i .,,,. nm not trhp mietiniir'rl fti tliic m.it. necessity of being inspired of God when snerf mm uir y.n liiud, uiu ..,.,1.:. yi) ar ui mi cl i osi n a i x rt iter - for-- 1 i fe-- tt tnl-- f r a 1 eternity ming 0 er and lie scarcely knew how to give ter b u tilrsl answer- me--w ic urrjssioi'rioiTs"ren nigs. "TvTTTi fe sounds ing?", '"For a ride in the open air. and to and advised all the vouue People to be care- oi nature were sweet and lull ol melody as call on a young friend who has lately cOme ful and not trifle with the sacred feelings of 1if V(Af filmirr nn1 lio n'oc 111 lli'if inti1 rC from abroad;" replied Maitland respectfully. others. u' delicious ecstacy that comes with unexpect'And that young friend is a gentleman Our Ileaveidy Father is ever ready and ed bliss. I trust?" retorted his father. "In' every willing to hear and answer the prayers of Jane was different, unlike the placid Docsense of the word and a most agreable comthe faithful. The Lord wants us to do all tor who never thought of blaming himself panion, the son of our neighbor, the late we can first, and then he will "help. Said for leaving the poor woman so long without Sir Kdward Ililliard, of whose existence evthat she wished the reports of each Jubilee flew to attention, he felt en the were not jane aware until" since his handed in.-- The speaker spoke of the family her cousin, and finding her in tears inward- father's death." request of Pres. Zina I). Young and her ly condemned the selfishness that had kept Indeed a very pretty romance, but hard to Counselors, to appoint an agent, for the exher so long away from duty. She soothed" believe considering that at the time this ponent, from each Society. her cousin s temporary grief assuring her young man was born, Sir Kdward was Stake Counselor L. W. Hart was glad the that all would be well now, and her lover be" revenged upon me for Bisters. were, growingdjetter and'getting bet-- -' ' manning;. would be able to come" ojtenly instead of youFmotiier," and as he pronounced the ter acquainted .with the principles of thg making stolen visits as had been his custom. last words he looked towards his wife to see Gospel. Also felt thankful that she had the In fact she prophesied, though she was not what eiiect it would have; he saw she was of ovTn salvation: aware of her qw i i propl let ic nature: her mind deathlv iale. but Maitland trembled from privilege theworkirigTouTher Spoke of necessity of perfomiing good was more at peace, for she had Jons been" head to foot, and groaned aloudt siitkiug"irr tworks in order to fill our mission, and of the debating within herself whether his love was to a chair he covered his face, as tlioueh he importance of faith tlmt we mav lie nblp tn deep and strong enough to brave all, and.' would sliut out all the world. God, for bv faith ail good has been f ttVY ?f tTV','H'S:V--'rttVri"V,1V4 till l 11.111 Ullk. tv u llll and will be done. The speaker said that all , ivi HUD only known so short a time. termined to ascertain whether his son knew are subject to trials, tribulations, hopes and .When Lord Walton turned, his horse's aught of the difficulty; : and-itis:Avtyrth-every"elfort" thajjad created 4h(i lik-4o ward hojtii e he rout? 1 i ke one pu rs tied; I 'between SirTSdward and himself; eiiinity we are called on to make to gain our salvaso eager was lie to meet his wife and tell her and he turned then to his wife, who was tion.. Spoke.of having charity for others of his interview. He found her anxiously trying to soothe her son, and as though half and" said backbiting would hot help us, but waiting not knowing what might be the sorry said, "Maitland is womanish, he ishii those who indulge in it injure others. xmscnuenee or ik niKmr n v VUiUL. ,v. . . Ill niotiier's child certainly, such weakness I - Bishop J. H. Hart bore his testimony to one unconcerned, she rose to meet him 1 should he dislike, be why shocked, there is the effect tliat the words which had been -- motioned her to be seated and then related about it. However he spokeirwere true.- Said that It was necesnothing disgraceful what had occurred. That he had, seen the had better ascertain if this girl of whom he sary for us to meet together to be niece of whom he had previously is so heard, enamored is honorably born; if the spoke of the blessings we receive audtaught, of the "and were you convinced of her superior " v man is heir, what is she?" young promises God has made; also of the manwisdom?" inquired his wife, as though she Walton was too Lady much annoyed to ifestations of the Spirit of God. was innocent cuany real knowledge of the one, reply, and a servant came in answer to her Pres. J. P. Linsday spoke of the Stake who knew of her clandestine visit to the call with some wine and restoratives, for Fund and of Castle. "T hnv, nmvr "V,.,,appointing two ladies from 4V,i-,tlv- unit n,xT unc mure oi niiy and Maitland," therefore the each 'conversation to visit Jlie Primaries - each Society a match for me or for any other man, for was discontinued.- - laitland soon "revived u that matterrsueli a spirit, if she had been and 'meeting.. his father having left the room, without the Lady of the castle instead of a Singing, "The Lord is King." Benerepoor his whose questioning heart felt mother, "hp diction lation she could - not have borne herself by Brother J J A". Bagley. have been .must wounded by his father'.s Svlvia Broomiiead, Cor. Sec'y. more proudly. ' She talked as if she were coarse allusion tobir and the Edward, he ffltllfr-w-both O.' t, girl 1 mfitKttTv' r i " w ou . s '!'vi"u xuiwaici J IUa resolve T uieruie m tiie open air- - whirk daughter, and that goshen. Doctor to valve . c . , Bland, sat back and admired her evidently hadpreviousy intend- ,- Alone will, his ciety was held May poiigratulatory, while she argued her cous..? 111 xi5y?in-Keli- el own thoughts, he could twmW m.. ir cause in's like an exrsorf 1irvfr vuuuu eoiism. ; . 'iid iiowj did it end, satisfactorily it com-nencc- . ! -- to-snea- k . - forgotten. " lew-foun- d . -- - - . them iTo-fill- 1 T 1 - 1 t g-- ' . 4 : ' . self-satisfie- , d; " - dy-;Jg- -J . 1 T'f.'V.-- - fv. . i ) 1 . . ,iears-in-this--lif- " er - , w 1 ! IV V - ' ' ." - . - , : - ; " cold-blood- :;; ed r; f-u- i .c,! 0 was all Lady Walton Ventured to cli did not ask. if he had seen Miss Ililliard or lier brother, soniehow .she stood Jiilearof himrlmtiiss-eoirxva.she ielt sure' Would S., ;.Y. L.....M.. I. A. AXB-- P ' keep lier Secret inviolate. REPORTS. 'It came out well euougliTthaTis I saw this hue young lady for whom Maitland is bear lake. dying Jn love, Uiough I doubt it, and vet of Societv of. wucauimu, now mat old bear should tV Bear Lake StaketheRelief of Zion have suclr a delicate, refined, and convened in gentle the meeting house at St. uuugiuer LJMX. t)OSjiUay,.ujidermid 1' ' ' 92, plake Pres. ' . y Tf ' - j tuii ci:mr,; 0 say what is truth." Bishop Wrn. Price otierect the . opening prayer after which was smig' 'Swee is-t- he Worrnriy:"God, my ing-U4d-4he-.- were read. to - President Mary "Tolmson 'SrTi, , - UU1 '' w I. Stake President and Sister Daniels with us and they will speak to us.". President Mary Tohn was iQn ould have a goc , J 77' coins?- 11M.VV- :..;tHistory ana tobe xn:ib1k!ri v.uWaiammu - 