00 ; WOMAN S EXPONENT. been tremblingly brothers, and my little darling, my. only terrible quarrel, I had they seek the place where Hrighanr-Younis laid. Around his silent ashes the footsister. I remember how pleased ,1 felt watching, in the. hope of being able to men who never when she was born; when I first learned prevent thern doing each other harm. I had steps of .the stranger i falls; : i r t.... How proud I was to be .missed Linny and knew not where she had saw 1.:.. nur tucuiu in nib iul'c vuiix,. uui uii- - that I had a sister. and mother w;ere consciously by that visit render tribute to her nurse. How I would hold hei to my gone..- When my father into her infant SOUl. aS quarreling, had often persuaded her to go nnd hrpnthf w his power and majesty of mind among men. 'lncnm MVJViAout of the way; for t to a neighbor's-hous-e And they turn to the Temple, a mystery to it were; such loving words as rose , so na7 the world, a benediction to us, crowning turally then, to lips not yet defiled! "And knew such scenes were terribly painful to triumph of your weary pilgrimage, sacred often have I seen not only my mother .but her. After getting my' parents to bed, father do" the same. And how often in (girl as I was) and seeing them fast asleep, offering to His holy name. Founded under , the leader of that after life has my soul seemed to" feedr'upon I sat down to wait for Linny; when I heard her sweet voice gently calling me up z the wondrous pilgrimage, it is indeed fitting the .memory of the past, and longed to rethat it should be completed' under the turn again to, or reproduce such happy stairs. We had no candleV inside the house ar it was dark; but administration of Wilford Woodruff, one of days. and fields to the I run would the we names noble little whose" band When theiastoLthat crept softly up through starlight. back room where we slept. There sat my .will live in. immortality. to meet our father returning from work, sister at the window, gazing on a star, Brigham and Wilford! Their names will and he wouid often stop, and fondly emarise, more than all others in the Temple's brace us all. Then taking baby in his arms, "Angelina" she said, "sit down beside me .history. Each led their people through with words of love and kind encouragedarling, and look at this beautiful star, I ordeals that tried men's souls; but the ment, would lead us home. There to rehave been admiring it so long, and have clouds are passing away. You had your new those tender embraces, in which our seen fields and flowers, and beautiful trees: black crickets, and the sea gulls came to loving mother always shared. even surpassing the beauty of those of our Little did we think then, that the time dear old home." "Look," said she "and your , rescue; you have also had your ' '. - - - J i -- , outside,-itrwns'cTe- - . -- pol i Heal have, tried to devour 'our" larger crops but they've found the .amount too large and are. trying to unswal-loit, and. perhaps, some other Gulls may come to our relief in their case. To many of our Pioneers, but few more Christmas seasons will come, they will have passed to '.where the Prince of that. Day will greet His worshippers. Honor, happiness, comfort and rest be yours while yet you stay; and passing to the promised reward, may you fall sweetly asleep to a glorious awaken" ing. crickcts-wh- o -w- . with a scornful frown, but so it came to pass. For some cause that I never understood, we removed from our peaceful home in the country to London... I believe that an offer to my father of higher wages,, was the cause. We had heard wonderful stories of London, arid I remember how we all en couraged each other to rejoice in the pros pect beiore us. And alas! 1 remember too, how soon we wrere undeceived. The sweet refreshing: breeze.- the clear and delicious sunshine, the delightful music of the birds, and above all the bright green helds wfere gone, and seemed to be gone from us forever. 7 7 Whenever ! wras sent on an errand, or had occasion to go from place? to place, at every turn of the street I would look for green fields butI looked in Vain." Were I to tell you all the discomforts of our new home, it would be but the old story, that breathes too much of disgust - w ' r Dec. ;. ... ' : ' - CrOCIIIJKOn AuGUS'fA'.vj0YC'E ' 12, 1892. ANGELINA; A STORY By Croucli V. .. . of all the delightful places in dear old Eng- lauu. My cniianoou was passed, mid flowers and fruits and waving grain, green : news, ana groves ana siiady lanes, and the and delicious music, of paren- instruction, childrens prattle, the humming of bees and the singing of birds. : Well do I remember rising with the lark in the morning, in the delicious May weather, we then enjoyed, When fronv the ' . . . ,1 i! rrm. it ul ii y r m A nw c " f" rt uiiv ttuUIU twitter, and then rise up and sing; and then another and another, till more than a dozen larks would be in the air at pouring fortn- the delicious harmony of their morning song! By the time the first part was concluded, the woods arid groves would Vw fllivp with rtiArifprc aTliiiu mi lion, IULC : blackbird, the starling,-thlinnet, the gold-- " finch, the bullfinch, the chaffinch, the tomtit and all his' followers, with the rest of lie feathered tribe would be pouring, forth their songs of praise, and grateful acknowfor the bounties ledgement And ' the great Hallelujah chorus would be repeated over and over ' again with the. ut. :mosti delightful gusto, :compatiblewitlir musical narmony. T3Ty parents were poor but indnstriniie and they taught their children to be industrious; too. So that the early summer morning often found us sowing, planting jiucmg ur wccuiug, in me midst ot all this delightful music and sunshine. I suppose there" were cold and drearv winters in those years;" butTdo not seem to remember them. Tt v"viniA.i 11UW Xt loresriptionereulEce one of us felt unhappy, member, how tiresome ever-varyi-ng 77--. t--t- . - ' Lin-ify'- ' - -- y-every I can re- children were, indeed-rwebecamBrtmos- e tmh; r . Vit-i.- lovedniyliath y - 1 : ; wre see thestar-opeii- ? Well we sat dowrn.handin hand.lonr and ' lovingly together, conversing about the star, but to me the star opened not, neither did I expect it would. I remember she repeated some swreet and comforting texts of scripture, and passages she had learned in the midst of all our siri and at school,-fosorrow, we had attended regularly to a Sunday school. The next day Linny was ill: and my father and mother were sober. Poor s sickness increased upon her day after day. One day she called us all, around her bed, and told us she knew she was going to die. "For surely" she said "that beautiful star was open tome last night, and I saw the angels." And I verilv believe she thought she did. c -- : My father and mother no w became deeply concerned about Linny, they broke off their drunken habits; but Linny died pointing them to the cross, and expressing a hope of meeting us all in heaven. 7tuut"this"time my father and mother signed the temperance pledge, and faithfully youil they kept their covenant. and our dear mother's I But new trials awaited usr my father's j bearance, under all her trials. constitution was and the misconBut there was now a new trial looming duct of one of hisbroken, his in the future, greater and worse, than them heart. In much sons, nearly broke affliction he toiled on, alb : My. poor- but good,-m- y' kind and "but could only earn a scanty For loving father, now seemed to lose his love alas! who in London will pittance.a man employ for us, and took to drinkintr as he said. tr that has not strength to do a full day's work. enable him to sleep at nights. I remember My brother John remained at home, but hearing my mother say, "what was good Thomas was gone we knew not where. for her husband, was good for her. ' ' And was a good lad, and much of our litas they had walked in the way of' virtue John tle leisure was spent together, at the window and peace, so they went down the hill tooften talking of Linny and the star, until gether; But it was not the way .of peace ' superstitiousT now; Alas no! "the way of transgressors But our dear parents were more affectionis hard. ' And so. it verily was, to them ate to each other now than they had been and us. My brothers learned to roam about for years; and we were leading the lives the streets, in bad company, to ficrht- nriri conversing together often swear; and became lazy and saucy to my on the penitents, love and mercy cf God,? and our poor motherland untruthful. iaitn m tne atonement. But in the midst of all this But the time of ourr great itrnnKle rame. degradation, my little sister Linny, seemed to grow up our father died; in the faith of the gospel so pure and loving; so kind and affectionate -- ' 1 weshoiild--beiiie- t ouldever--eomethat t of-humbl- - -- iioubtlessafar an(UvenhappyrOften v. uu i seem to near her as-h- e understood4t:nd my mother, my brother and self went m usical into service; : I obtained a my place in the voice, as she would come boundin country. Here I began life anew, with room, to tell of some kind action done of new hopes.- - ne wHovsr and ti pwi n rfrmvetet" uixvvect oaoe inat-sn- e had been nursing trials; in my new place I 'found! hadiuch Perhaps half a day for a penny; and now to learn. And some people round, while that the drink, had brought professingreat iriendship, were more ready .utobject-pov- e to ' teach evil than good. were often needed for bread. 'Tnere was ajnan.in. myjnaster' employ ment Plucky for me, (wise people said) he mother had been drinking, and had a wTas neither, young nor handsome; but he . I soul-destroyi- ng -- 