WOMAN'S . EXPONENT. attributes of the Deity which naturally belong to us should never be called pride. Pride being surely just the opposite-thumility, for it is written of God our Father, that He resists the proud but gives grace ' to the humble. Only think while our Savior was fasting forty days and nights in the depths of humility; Did He lack dignity and when told to cast himself down from the pinnacle of the Temple to , prove he wasHhe son of God? The tempter said if thou be the Son of God cast thyself down, for it is written, He will give his angels f RHHISTORIC self-respec- t, -- thj' foot against, a stone. "It . His reply is written thou shalt not tempt the Xord thy God.'! In each temptation he was reproved in the same manner. We learn from this blessed book, points of doctrine most precious, which will enable us to give things their proper value and also their proper place. While reading, the account '" of 6uTSavi6r .who after his resurrection came to tins continent to visit was, MAN IN AMERICA. Knowledge of the American continent existed in China and Japan as early as the fifth century. The ships of the Chinese visited it. They called it and in the great Japanese encyclopaedia it is treated at some length, and located as "seven thousand miles or more east of Japan. In 1 1 70 a Welsh prince sailed westward, the south of Ireland, in search of a passing " r r r r civi I w ar that "ex. lanu 01 reiuge ironrtne istedamong his countrymen. After n long joumeyTiF found it and liiade preparations tor a ettlement. He returned to Wales, secured a company that filled ten ships, and sailed away never returning. - Nearly five hundred years later, in 1660, Rev. Morgan Jones, a Welsh clergyman, seeking to go by land from South Carolina to Roanoke, was captured by the Tuscarora Indians. . Fu-San- 1 .7 g, 1 -- 1 inhabitants, and the existing village Indians, Mr. Morgan thinks, probably represent for-unot merely the race, but the mode of living of those who built every one of these that if wel great stnicj.uresrH "know wish to what was the America which Cortez invaded we must look for it in the light of these recent investigations. Whatever degree of barbarism or semi-- civilization was obtained by any of the early American races, hrwas everywhere based 011 similar ways of living; it never" resem- bled feudalism, but came much nearer to s Continued. o ' . 23 ... . . Heeelaresliatrliilife -- . wasthe conditionof"a communism;-- it people substantially free, whose labor was voluntary' and whose chiefs were of their own choosing. Widely scattered throughout the United States, from sea to. sea, artificial mounds are discovered, which may be enumerated by the thousands or hundreds of thousands. They vary greatly in size some are so small -- . " thatahalf "dbzeiroriaborers wi th"""sho vels might construct one of them in a day, while others cover acres and are scores of feet in height. These mounds were ob- he spoke Welsh, which some of the ' Indians t t ne was able to converse mat understood; of another here he fold," "sheep taught with them in Welsh,, though with difficulty, them his gospel, same, as he taught the" and that he remained with them four months, served by the earliest explorers and pioneers-oJews, called his sermon on the mount; sometimes preaching to them in Welsh. In the country: They did not attract great found in the 5th, 6tli and 7th chapters of colonial times the Tuscaroras were caluntil the science of early These people listened and led "White Indians" and their ancestors attention, however, St. Mathew. archaeology demanded their investigation.' obeyed, and three generations passed away were evidently the Welsh colony that left Then they were assumed to furnish evidence in righteouness. Wales in 11 70. But tlie Norsemen-haset of a race of people older than the Indian But in the fourth generation pride made tlements in America long before this period. tribes. its appearance. Then animosity and strife The Mound Builders were formerly re-- . During the last fifteen years there has began; hatred, malice and revenge, took been a new theory advanced by Xe wis H. garded as a race so remote from the the place of faith, hope and charity, and Morgan. He holds "that there never was Indian tribes that there could be present nothing .' , destruction followed in its train. a prehistoric American civilization, proper in common between, them, yet all recent Now let us contemplate the difference bebut only an advanced and won theories deny this. Many Indian tribes ly tween pride and humility which last like orsemicivilization have built burial mounds for their :dead derfully skillful barbarism rrm the bread of heaven strengthens and builds at the utmostr me aboriginal races, ex-t Some of the mounds in Ohio have yield np, while pride, like the intoxicating bowl, cept perhaps the Esquimaux, were essential- - ed from their deepest recesses articles of only stimulates and intoxicates, and if Iiiirox)ean manufacture, showing an origin 111 tiieir development. In Ins view there not tarther back than the historic period. mind and also bring destruction and death. ueverw'as an Aztec or Maya - empire, but Spanish swords and- - blue glass" beads" have Yet we are..told this intoxicating draught is of free tribes, appointing been found in the mounds of Georgia and only a made from the same grain that bread is their ownleague chiefs, jiiid accepting .the same Florida. made of; then why not claim the virtues to The ancient Mexicans the 'Aztecs and general modes of organization that have belong to pride which humility cJaims?.But all the, more ad vaiiced familthe Mayas--we- re skilled in horticulture. the process which" produces the intoxicant ies of North American Indians. The for-- XiiadjLoJieaslsfJi 4he-- plain simple-bre- atf ests ot Vucatau held no vast cities cities ox and buffalo were within easv renrh of humility, here is the difference. whose palaces remain, while the humble They were a and used monHumility in her plain,' simple garb could dwellings of the poor have perished, but ey, but had trading people, apparently no system of weighkeep three generations in righteousness, only pueblo towns, in whose ' great coming. They used stone tools so sharp that loving, kind and charitable to ' all, and thus munal structures rich and poor alike dwelt." Cortez found barbers in the public squares make a "heaven on the earth. While pride, The largest aboriginal structure of stone shaving with razors made from obsidian, a made of the same material, upsets and overin the United btates is at Pecos, New Mexsort of glass produced by volcanoes. They throws albthe joy and peace which humility-produceico. It has a circuit of 1,480 feet, is five worked and copper, yet they had stories highand once included five hundred not learned to make iron tools from the No wronder then that thd Bible teaches separate rooms. This dwelling at one time masses of that metal which lay almost pure that ' 'The Lord resists the proud, but gives sheltered the inhabitants of a whole Indian in their midst. They could observe grace to the humble, " for by this His kingtown. There are many other similar ruins eclipses and make a calendar, yet it is still dom will be built up, but by the. other it doubtful whether they had what may propand, as a rule each of these buildings cqnsti. will be destroyed. tutedva village a sin srle vast house built erly be called an alphabet. It is certain Apostle Orson Pratt, once said that we on three sides of a court. The stories rose that they had a rnethod. of picture writing are Gentile Saints this being the case we in successive terraces, each narrower than not apparently removed in kind from the JM oursefe the one beneath, and each approachable only sort of pictorial mnemonics practiced by many, pride the same credit today that we did betribes of Indians at the present dav. There fore hearing the Gospel, although so often by ladders," there being no sign of any internal means of ascent from story to story. is in existence an alphabet long supposed to corrected in Holy Writ, saying "beware of The outer wralls were built usually of thin belong to the Aztecs or Mayas, but a few pride. ' ' Also saying "Pride cometh before slabs of gray sandstone, laid with the greatyears, ago it was proved to be a fabrication! destruction and a haughty a est : -- LJl::::precision and accuracy, often Iwith; 110" Tylorwho is said to-- be the highest living v. sign of mortar "the intervals being filled authority on, these matters, considers it " Have not we fallen far enough? since the with stones of the minutest thinness, so that essential to the claim of civilization that a Iord perniits Jhose who look upon us with the whole ruin appears in the distance like nation Lshpuld . have awriUerizlangtiage, contempt and ridicule to govern and bear a magnificent piece of mosaic work. These Tried by this highest standard we cannot rale? tet us reflect. pueblos were practically impregnable to all yet say that either the Aztecs or the Mayas "' Ziox'vS Convert. uncivilized warfare, and they differ only in or the Mound Builders were 'civilized. Bountiful, July 8, 1892. material from the, adobe pueblos .occupied To sum up in a few words ' the modern The only theory, or Morgan's .theory, prehistoric man by the village Indians of is from one terrace to another Raillery sometimes more insupportable .means of passing ximuaa, it. 15; jxu me loages, palaces, than wrong; because we have a right to re- these trs are now nrrnnipH hut.rnnre v v w 'nulla 111 O ofone great aborierinal race, of uncertain ) at a tX.Rochefoucaidt. : are in ruins. Each shelters hundreds of origin and history, varying greatly in grade - .1 a ' 1 r if f f ' so-calle- d, fc a ,., IX-Oieiiijli- , " pre-vailed-anio- ng . ( " s. in-gol- d . - . ; , - ;- -- - - ; . to-da- y. - X. ' . 