EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 114 RESOLUTIONS OF W. S. A. CONVENTION. N.-- A. ...- - power inheres in the people," and women are people; "Taxation without representation is tyranny," and women have a voice in making the laws ana electing the rulers of .their country, they can have no power to right the wrongs of society and no , direct influence in government. Resolved, That the World's Columbian Exposition will afford great opportunity- - for advancing tbe jwoman suffrage movement, therefore we urge the friends of this reform in tfce different States to raise all the funds possible honor cannot be maintained by resorting to the barbarisms of war; that the killing of hundreds or thousands would not restore to life the three sailors who were billed by a mob in Chili; and that the difficulty should be settled by agreement or arbitration. Whereas, Believing that women as a part of the people, and therefore citizens of the .United States possesathe right to vote- - for members of Congress, therefore, Resolved, that the National r American Woman Suffrage Association urges upon Congress the passage of an act to protect womenL he right to register and vote for the members of the National House of Representatives. Resolved, That the school suffrage for women States and now : established in twenty-thre- e Territories, municipal suffrage in Kansas, full that wo- jufStageinJW .men will, eventually ..be cognized as the political equals of men. Resolved, That in the six Territories not yet admitted as States, we will mdke strenuous efforts to secure full suffrage by statute in advance of their admission. Resolved, That we urge our women's clubs and societies to use all the power they possess jto make J;heir inflnce felt election. politically in the Resolved That the circulation of woman JiLloMejLJupplyuflr suffragepersirtfre are taxed; "Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed," and women are governed, and the only form of consent known in a republic is the ballot, ' therefore, Resolved, That we base our demands for woman suffrage 'oh political justice and the ad mitted principles oi republican government. ResolvedMt in deciding the political status of women,, we must consider the rights, duties, and responsibilities that belong to" them, first as individuals, second, as citizens; third a3 women; and fourth as wives, mother, sisters and daughters, incidental relations of life, which in some cases women may never assume.,. Resolved, That the energy and enthusiasm of women sTioulcTBe cenfefedln tKeafTainmenTof -' ... , J m. Mis3-Tupper- ,-a . ; pre-eent- ed . - : proceedings is published. Woman 8 Journal. ' ' A. S. B. The innocence of childhood is sacred. m That in, the name of American womanhood, we declare that our National Resolved, Whereas, "Political " - W. S. A. A. " The twenty-fourt- h annual convention of the National TAmeriean W. 8r Ar was held in Washington, D. C, Jan. 16 21 It waa, of course, a small gathering as compared with the large assembly called together last year by the Woman's; National Council; the report oTthe committee on credentials showed 71 delegates present from 26 different States, and the. meetwere earnest, animated and interesting. ings m .me. convention sermon . was preacneu on Sunday afternoon, Jan.Jf. 17, in the Church of uur i?atner, oy lie v. luua r, i upper, oi uranu lupias, oil cn. Alter tne opening prayer Dy Rev. Anna H. ShaW young and graceful woman, spoke with earnestness and pathos from the text, "Think on these The meetings which followed Things." were all attended by interested audiences, in spite of the weather true suffrage weather. nameF Litt!eyello w oi btatea marked trie seat? oi tne dinerent State delegations, and the large" flag of Wyoming, with its one star, hung conspicuously on the wall. The loss of the old headquarters at the Riggs House, with the cordial and generous hospitality of Mr. and Mrs. Bpofford, wa3 much felt- - But the Cochran,' which had been selected as theLiubstitu(foheRigg8 is very conveniently situated, near both the church and the Wimodauphsis. and it Droved andsom&-iui-all. to be.anflw.liQtelfjdeaii land J new jts appointments. Ihe quarters or the Wimodaughsis are a great improvement upon its former habitation. The present house is opposite a park. The building is cheerful, roomy and tastefully furnished, and the parlor rented by the National-America- n W. S. A. has been prettily fitted up by the District of Columbia W. S. A., and the furnishings jtotke.- mother associationIt is possible in this hasty sketch, written while the convention is still in progress, to give more than a hint of the Earnest discussions, the flying to and fro of jokes across dinner-table- s till the air fairly scintillates ""with wit; "the swarm of yellow: ribbons fluttering on the breasts of their excited wearers, like butterflies rocking on flowers swayed by a lively breeze; the interest of comparing notes; the pleasure of making new friends and of meeting old ones. Those who hav4 been -- at suffrage conventions know all about it; and to those who have not.it would be hardly possible to describe it. The Programme Committee had done their best to meet the wishes of the Convention as expressed last year, by allowing ample time for the transaction of business; but two Congressional hearings were unexpectedly appointed for two of the mornings on which our business meetings were to be held, and all other less important business had, of course, to give way to this. The hearings were on a petition for a sixteenth amendment to the TJ. 8. constitution to forbid disfranchisement on account of sex. On Monday morning, the House Judiciary Committee was addressed by Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton,Mrs. Lucy Stone, Miss Susan B. Anthony, and Mrs. Isabella Beecher Hooker. On Wednesday morning, the Senate Committee on- - Woman Suffrage listened to brief speeches from a large number of women, one from each State being chef a at the suffrage convention by the delegation from that State. The, hearings were regarded as eminently satisfactory, and in spite of this encroachment upon the time allotted to our business meetings, the Association managed to get through with a great deal of work, as will be seen when the detailed report of the 1 N.-- IheiTwn in-t- p . - indi-divuall- on-comi- ! sown broadcast at that time, and to do such other work as the Association in its judgment may deem wise. Resolved,-Th- at we again urge each State ; . . Resolved, That a fund be raised by this As- sociation to defray the expenses of the speakers in visiting and addressing these or other Legislatures in behalf of Presidential suffrage for women. Resolved, That we deplore the partial nullification by the Illinois courts of the" woman's'' school suffrage law as a defeat of the Legislature and as a wrong inflicted upon women. Rerolved, that we favor the Australian .Ballot at all elections, believing it a movement for a more honest and intelligent vote. Resolved, That we request all societies friendly to our cause to designate a time in their annual meetings for the discussion of n s uur age. creating and sustaining suffrage sentiment,that every member of a local suffrage association some one paper in should be urged order to keep well informed of what women are doing. Resolved, that the thanks of this Association are due to the Rail; Roads for courtesies extended, to" all newspapers for full and fair reports given, to Wimodaughsis for its kind attentions and helpful courtesies, and to the" citizens of Washington for their generous hos1 pitality. -- and husbands equal personal and property rights, to mothers and fathers; equal rights to... beiFcKiidren,' and to widows and widowers' equal inheritance of property. Whereas, Article 2, Section 1 , paragraph 2, of the United LSte that "each State shall appoint in such manner as the Legislature thereof may direct, a certain number of Presidential electors," and, Whereas, President Harrison in his recent message has proposed to Congress to submit a constitutional amendment curtailing ami restricting this now unrestricted appointment by the State Legislature, therefore, Resolved, that we recommend the friends of woman suffrage in every State whose Legislature is now or soon will be in session, immediately to petition that body to enable the women of that State to vote in Presidential elections upon such terms and qualifications as the Legislature may see fit to prescribe. Resolved, That the general officers of this Association address a memorial, enclosing a copy of the above resolution to each of the eleven Legislatures this year in session, with the consent, in each case, of the vice president from the State in question, and ask for a hearing on the same, and that the National American -- President and the President, of that State be a Committee, to secure speakers for these hear. ng . to-t- ake suffrage society to petition its State legislature "for a thorough revision of its laws regulating tne marriage relation, so as to secure to wives ings. y PARTY AT CENTERVILLE. Dear Editor: On the 13th day of January was our worthy and esteemed Relief Society President's birthday. Sister argaretJSaDallilJ she has held' that office 20 years and is honored by all for the faithful and noble performance of her duties. She was 69 years old, and her life has been full of hardships and sacrifices,, but father time has been good to her and she carries her age lightly; the Society members united with her family in "getting up a se-which "successfully carried out. While she wa3 at her daughter's they took possesion of ' her home and tables were spread and filled with the good things of this earth; she was then sent for and was much pleased with what had been done; after "supper wa3 partaken of a few, hours were, spent in songs( conversation and some excellent speeches full of good advice and counsel to the sisters were given from Brothers Porter, Randall, WooJley and Randall. After wishing Pres. Randall; many happy years of usefulness, the companyto dispersed well pleased with their efforts honor their President. surpri- Mary Rockwood, Sec R. & Mt-- o TTaf Tnin. ttv, ni )a at the Street, Washington, D, G, on two mornings ot each week, and on the other days some om member nf the. f!(Trrpsifinn1 Committee of the S. A. will National-American- endeavor-t- be there. Any letters of inquiry relative w congressional worK snoma oe auuicov ' 3Irs Upton, at 1328,'I-Street- - r. v! 