.'WOMAN'S' EXPONENT. 156 WOMA N'S presiding; her Counselors Jane S. Richards and Bathsheba W. Smith were present, alsOi Secretary Sarah'M. Kimball, Treasurer M. Isabella Home, Cor. Sec'j. E. B. Wells and Ass't. Sec. Romania EXPONENT. Editor. EMMELJMi B. WELLS, Kcmi-inoiithi- y, extra for postage one year, Rich square, ten lines of nonpareil Advertising rates: per space, to regular adrertLsers. ; one-tim- S2-5- e, 25 ct3. moutbS00,A ljtemliunt c : ... Ex.ro.VENT office, No'. 25 E., South Temple Street, eecpnd east ofDeserct Neara Office. : b p.m. every day,xeej4 Sunday rate B.a5Jja.e-U9Hra4g---- -to ;- - Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, . Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second Cla.u Ifalter. Lake City, May i, 1892. TO THE PRESIDENTS OF THE .RELIEF SOCIETY, ' As the Woman's Exponent is the only paper through which the Relief Society can coopmte in its work and labors of love, we earnestly desire that it should be a continued success. The Presidents of each Relief Society are requested to see to the appointing of agents who each ward, so that a are suitable to canvass-i- n united effort shall be made. and thereby all be benefitted and this home publication sustained. Our Jubilee has proven how necessary it is for us to. have a correct record of our work ior reference, and that there may be. perfect harmony of action and of purpose throughout our entire organization. Hoping that the sisters will be interested and make this extra exertion to secure an increased circulation in time for the .new volume, that through the columns of the Exponent our testimony may go to all the world, We remain, Your Sisters in the Gospel, ' Zina D. H. Young, . Bathsiieba W. Smith, Presidency of the Relief Society. THANKSGIVING ANDPRAYER President Woodruff and the First Presidency of the Church have called upon the people to fast and pray and give thanks, and have set apart a clay for that purpose, the Sabbath day, the first of May and this day is to be generally observed throughout al I the Stakes of Zion, i n the several wards according to the, direction of tjie presiding priesthood. That the devotion and prayers of an e ntire people oftere d up in unison and with fas t ing will be pleasing toojyr Father in heaven there can be no doubt. Afiho have the spirit of the Gospel and of the times will gladly respond to this call, and the congregations'of,the Saints assembled for such a purpose will realize the need of drawing near to God and putting away worldL ness, seek forgiveness and mercy, and repew their covenants and resolutions to serve Him more completely. Thousands.of-lheLaUer-dayains-will-hail this day as a happy, omen for the prosperity of Zioii, the Lord has said He, will be inquired of, and He delights in the services of His Saints and their gratitude'and thanksgiving must he an .acjcgptable';oblat!onat the throne of grace. RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. The annual Conference of the Relief Society , :vvas,jl4 A p ri this city, ai 7 1- 1 5,-- p. m. " . Youngs made-avery-telling-spe- - SgariflhAetsiiyfsrr President Zina D. H, Youm: ? - !- ech that stirred the .hearts of the audience; she referred in glowing terms to the General Conference of the Church and the grand occasion to be celebrated ou the following day, the laying of the capstone of the magnificent Temple in this City; thought we had great reason to rejoice in the blessings vouchsafed to us; especially in "the gems of truth dispensed unto us, in the teachings of the servanfs of God throughout the Confer-e- n ce. Pres. Young thanked the sisters 0 f h e various stakes and branches for their response to the Jubilee celebration, in carrying out her wishes and instruction, and expressed herself eloquently in regard to the greatness of the occasion, its being celebrated on the two continents, and on the Islands of the sea, extending all. around the world as it were; urged the sisters to prepare themselves to do the work well, to strive for more intelligence, and to set their mark high and endeavor to live up to this high standard; and not only for themselves but the young women and children of tender years, "0, how my heart is drawn out to them." Paes. Young then expressed herself in reference to the Society building halls and . places of worship of heir own in all the localities where there were organizations as soon as possible; thought perhaps it might sometimes be practicable to buy places cheap of those who were moving law ayor changing their property,1 and have-thi- s ef property and such buildings' owned by Society and be controlled by them so that they might have a place to meet and so that the Y. L. M. I: A. and Primary might meet there too. Pres. Young said she did not wish to find fault with anything that had been done, but felt we must own some property and buildings of our own and " bleach our young people to be Pres. Young requested Sister E. B. Wells to read some remarks of the Prophet Joseph Smith's to the Relief Society in Nauvoo upon tnis subject; Sister Wells read; "Pres. Joseph Smith donated a City lot to the Society for the purpose of making homes for the - - 1 , andlhought , Salt Lake City Utah Salt ... ing present. Meeting opened with singing, "O, say what is truth &c." Prayer was offered by President B. W. Smith, singing, "Do what is right &c." PresrZ.-DH- women ;"one of the speakers had said he honored the First Presidency of the Church, the Twelve Apostles, the priesthood of dod, and we1 my sisters shsaid must honor woman, and by the way,I take this opportunity of inviting you to write and preserve a memorial of this Relief Society, of the work which has been done, and of those who live now, for this generation is fast Dassinrr w ' i . " and in this way we shall have, a record of our work; there will be a committee to do this and . -. uu uuc person wm aeciue on .mis. work,'- made othersuggestions upon this subject. 11 C r 1. ic t 1..... w . ... B. Pratt were'pnthestand. She Relief Society of the several Stakes of Zion were seated in the upper stand; the house was well filled with ladies, only a few gentlemen bel.JTIie-.iesidents.of- - " Published In Salt Lake City, Utati Terras: srne copy one ye:tr, 11.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, r-- we WHiiUj inMhenlg up to our Father and asking, Him for the blessinothat we want. The Lord is just as willing to" bless us his daughters as. lifs sons; how we feel when we are about our.' work, the Holy Spirit resting upon us, if we feel our labors are hard or our burdens' heavy, and we have the good spirit with ub it makes them easy and light. We should remember those that have started this' work; and JB?ZJP.J35lM.Dg away5ister Presendia-w-J has lUSt left HQ nnrt Vntinrr nnrl QJctor - - , J Pi-Psirl- Eliza and others, I often feel that Sister Eliza and Pres. Young are with us, and we could feel their presence near, and if we rould havp - - pvps " : - our touched to see them, we should know and the angels are near us, and yet we cannot see with ' our natural eyes. This work of compiling the' Jubilee should be a good labor and an easy one and not hard to ac corflplish with the means there is to do it and the Exponent we want to sustain our own paper, it is all we have except the YoungWomarf sJoiirnal the price of subscription is so little now it is almost given away, and we should all of us take it have it in our homes and read it ; the sisters who Stnv nt hnmp. virhri Mnnnf rrf tr tht mpfi'mcre. ef a i !i in j .1 mem iuc ouLJcty, getl mem 10- iaKC it 11, 11 win uo good; all have not the opportunity to get to the meetings, there are many hindrances m a family, let tis be very ftrgiviri He has promised us forgiveness ; . visit the sisters who stay at home, it will do them good, I didn't used to goTn uch P s t ay ed at homy myarcumances -required it, there are those not able to, get out, kind acts and kind things bring their reward. "We have been having a good time in this Conference, a time of union, the greatestConferenee we ever had, another capstone is to be' laid tomorrow; the Prince and power of the air has been determined to give us storms and mud, but we shall overcome nevertheless. The mothers need blessing, when the brother spoke of sustaining the priesthood I thought why didn't he go a little firtfll i n K1ae?e mntliafc it T c i1 nnrl homelessand also to furnishvv6rkloths the Relief Society which is a very important orwere out of employment, which he proposed deedganization according to the words of the Prophet ing to the Treasurer and her successors in office Joseph Smith, which he gave them by honoring ..for the use of the SflcietyHealso-donate- d 4he; tvomerrin theiibMto frame oHiJiouSe, and made rarrangemehfs' for it need prayers, need faith,, need wisdom in the to be moved on the aforesaid lot, for a commenceV multiplicity of their cafes and labors. ment of the establishment." "Buildings that has been alluded to by Sister "But this benevolent and judicious project with Young is important to the Relief Society, Joseph many others which were designed for the. arneliSra-lio- n the Prophet set the Pres. B. Young of thecondition of suffering humanity, was counseled us to build example, houses and granaries, places blasted in the bud by the blighting hand of reof our own to hold meetings in ; there are not which the once ligious persecution, many branches but can accomplish this if they beautiful City of Nauvoo became a desolation undertake it and persevere; how much better you - and-i- ts inhabTmtitsiexitedlo will feel when you have your own places of worPres. Young then spoke strongly upon union ship and to meet in ;' the habit of drinking that is .anUie. power.it would -- giverus, also' upon the growing in our midst and, tempting the young is Word of Wisdom and the blessings that would something deplorable, there is a great deal in the follow those who would keep that commandment, word of wisdom besides drinking tea, so many and of many oU things that need "attention TjTtHen lve1 have home Joseph; said it was his advice that every virtuous industries that lack for patronage we should make woman in the Church should join the Relief an exertion to sustain these things, and don't Society, also referred to saying's of President. neglect your prayers,commit all to the care of the ungnam xoung upon this subject. Almighty, live in peace with' all people, don't let Sister Sarah M. Kimball said she had been (XeepTy lmpressed'with the exercises of the Consin when we are angry, we are living for the ference, and thought there were.some lessons for kingdom of heaven, may we be true and faithful. 1 c:. the-Reli- self-sustainin- . g. 4 Vi lo " and-throug- h TTifico?rrr' -- t f-- . 