WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 434 Woman's Exponent. Editor. EMMELJNE D. WELLS, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, ii.oo; one copy six months, 50 cts. no rcaucuon maae ior ciuds. v,ny papers aeuv ered by mail, extra for postage one year. 2; cts. semi-monthl- y, space, one time, $2.50; per month,' $3.00. A liberal dis- - office. No. 2C F. Smith Tpmnl Street. second gate east of DesercLJScws Office 13 n si n c sa Jxo urs irom 10 a.m. 10 5 p.m. every aay, except Minaay. , Address all business communications to FJCPONKNT other places to be visited yet in this interest and it is desirable that the woman in each knowledge - of various things and kinds, amounts to a diffusive strengthening of woman's powers that must necessarily result in good. Every woman also who takes hold of the work.will be materially benefitted, her views of mankind aiKLwomankind enlarged, and her opinions broadened and the standard of her judgment become tet' ter and higher. Thiswork is -- bringing women in to- - a nearness of contact that will increase a more universal sisterhood will be established by the association and relation of this vast army of workers. There is very little time left in which to work, things have really been put off until the eleventh hour, but it is to be hoped though-Utamay be late she will be fully equipped, and will receive her proportion of the benefits of this occasion that marks, the' centuries of progress as well "as of ti me. One of the greatest phenomena of the age will be the immense strides made by Women in many, if not nearly all countries as compared to the circumstances and conditions in" former times. In many tranches of industrial arts, in knowledge, scientific and use ful, or domestic, women are competing with men and frequently excel, and the world still temains in its sphere, and. orbit and is not turned upside down, nor are the laws of nature reversed. v If anything could be said to more strongly emphasize the fact of efficient and active service for the public good in the. World's Fair matters we should be.pnlyJoo glaoLto help push the enterprise forward; every in dividual woman, who has time and means at her command should use her best en ergies to assist the movement" and "make it a complete success, that she and all others may look back upon the representation with pride in after years. locality do some thinking on their own account in, order to dispatch the work after (the organization is effected. U. W. P. CLUB.. The U. W. P. Club held its first - nual meeting Oct, 31st, Mrs. E. B.Wells mw iwiimuia u, X lull fyf Roll call responded to by original verses; minutes of the previous . meeting read and approved. Treasurer's report for the year read and accepted. Unfinished business, motto and badge; Mrs Fox's idea regarding the same. A small medal the size of a five dollar gold piece, with the initials U. W. P. C: in raised letters on the surface, and a small ring attached so that it might be worn as a charm, or an attachment to breastpin or bracelet. Mrs. C. C. R. Wells suggested a scroll to be used in the same, wav Subject left for farther consideration. Mrs. Georgianna Young and Dr. Maggie C. Shipp were voted in as members of the club. Officers for the ensuing year were then sustained or elected in the following order. Mrs. E. B. Wells President, Mrs. Phebe C. Young first Vice President, Mrs. rL. G. Richards second Vice President, Susa Y. Gates, of Utah Co. and M. A. Y. Green-halg- h of Millard Co.' Vice Presidents' at - -- -- nd con-fidence,a- -- PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City, Utah. ; - Entered at the Post second class natter. Salt Lake Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as December 1st, City, 1892. h WOMEN AND THE WORLD'S FAIR. ..Tiiij World's Jirvorkjn.Utah..is-prc- gressing surely if not so rapidly as in some other parts of the country. We hear good reports of work, from some of the County organizations, and the meetings are regular r ti are uuu iuc wuiucii generally Decoming interested as enthusiastic audiences testify. Utah certainly should make a fine showing in minerals, fruits, and in education proper, and especially in the line of music. Un fortunately the mountains cannot.be moved thither, or the T.nte eitli the chief attractions of the country, places Utah at a disadvantage, but surely there must be some peculiar .product, industry or enterprise to represent that will bring celebrity. """However if it is but little that can be done first and foremost let it be done well, let quality and excellence be the criterion niottuu vi vi quantity. Kemember nothing shoddy, or of poor material, or inferior work can pass muster. Bear this in ' " mind in all that is done. In Salt Lake County the committees in the different departments of work and re- picuy weu organized, ana con sist of some of the ablest and best informed women in the City, and they certainly are qualified to accomplish all it is possible; to do, to make a creditable' representation of whatever is suitable for' the exhibit in the Columbian Expositions -- It should T.e the ambition of every woman who loves her country and her home to assist in this ' - , , laudable undertaking. V The advantages it will give to women all over the world cannot be too highly estimated. Even in the little that has been done hemalready one can see the awaken ing to thought and the resolve- better educated individually and generally on all matters pertaining to the exhibits to be made-bthe world at large, the history rC .'. ' nt4L V1 (Wll uuu iuc ana customs of laws wuuuiwj ancient and modern nations. This among women whose school days u,v v.vi, auu vviiu nuw actively engage not only collecting material for exhibits, but . y 1 . 1 " . . I 1 -- fI rm i.Ai3.-,- . M iv. tTT 1 Vt 1 wens .ttsstsram ifrtrtrrv rf motif r ii tUn business beine disoosed of the "was carried out as follows: continuation of 'A Trip to England, " by G. Wpodmansee. Humorous poem, composed and read by R. 4 - opencer. Mrs. E. B. Wells briefly spoke regarding the general conduct of women during strikes, and then read a letter from Dr; H. of Shipp, descriptive her journey to Ann Arbor, and named many of the interesting and characteristic features of that University town. Dainty refreshments were then par&ken - ' Conference of this Stake will beheld in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms on Friday Dec. 16, 1892 commencing- as usual at 10, A. M: and at 2 p. m. as this is an important time in view of Society 1 rz Annie W. Cannon Cor. Secretary, Josephine Spencer Ass't Cor. Secretary, Ruth M. Fox Treasurer, Dr. R. B. Pratt Auditor. Notice was given of the intended amend- . ' EDITORIAL NOTES. The Relief nn. ' ' Programme ation of "A for next meetings continuTrip to Alaska"; Miss N. . t Datrt; Twam U Vf T? nr t tTrii the near approach of the World's Fair and an article oti "HalloweeTi" the representation all women'sofganizations ..Sliipplan atOcle on 'Thanks gftmgrMrs are expected to make, it is essential that Phebe C Young on Park" there should be as full an attendance of Lilhe Freeze an article "Liberty on the "World's omcers and members from all Fain' Roll call to be responded to by parts of the Y county as possible, that the teaching and onginal sentiments. Benediction Afnrv-instruction may be understood alike A. Freeze. by all. " A number- of death notices and other WOMAN'S WORK ON THE SAND matter are again left out for want of space WICH ISLANDS. ' A : . - . story ''Angelina' whichislpartly in type-wi- ll appear in the Christmas number which r as possible. The wuna s air work in this Territory, must nave mace now as there time m which to accomnlish :tomSan a a-- , that clubs have beenorVnmVerl iti ... i x y HJWU O and village. The women tW a keep up with the times. In West and lNurxn Jordan these clubs have been organized and an appointment isoutforimdv for Saturday. Dec.-- ; io. There areNhy II We procured a carriage at the wharfand were on our way to the Branch President's -- - house, when a breakage in our vehicle iHateds triauisnijnlhiclie-iveresu- . cc our attendants carried our It was well we had prepared our luggage. minds for whatever we might have to endure else the appearance of our first- stopping place might have weakened our desire to- - continue, on our journey, knowing that this was the - . " 