WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Continuing our journey we rode over a very good and picturesque road, camped and had Junch in a little grove 9,000 feet above the sea level, drove fifteen miles, watched and saw the . last of that beautiful and majestic ''Cathedral Rock." Arrived at Dove creek, good water, replenished our jars," and camped about a mile farther; next day came to Piute springs," delicous water, lunched and continued our travel, passed La Plata and Blue mountains in the distance, saw one solitary coyote, after hearing a number 6fT them howl and bark the night previous; we wanted to see a big herd of them; on arriving; in evening at and hearty welcome from the good folks there. Mrs. Freeze and I attended a party given in the school house in honor of the efficient and intelligent teacher, Brother Thomas, who was intending to return to his home in Provo for vacation, we very much enjoyed ourselves. Next day we held a treneral woman's meeting:, there was a gather untimely, yet to the bereaved and jightful season of the year to travel. We give heartfelt thanks to President F. ,A. Hammond for givingjus the opportunity. deso-Jate- d. hearts we fully realize it can but be sadly unwelcome. In her home life the departed was all that the sweet words, woman, wife aqd Elizabeth Howard. mother can imply a tower of strength and an anchor of r?st to which, instinctively, all. hearts A LOVELY WOMAN PASSED AWAY. would fondly and lovingly cling. And if "to be a true womanly woman is great'', then Sister Groo At . her home in' San Francisco, Sunday, July has won that distinction; yes, and more, for she was not only a true womanly woman, but a true J7th, "there passed from our earthly presence, another loyaacirve member of thelEacificCoast Latter-da- y Saint, the highest distinction to which Women's Press Association, our Assistant Re- - mortals can attain. cording Secretary, Mrs. Susan Taylor D'Evelyn, Not alone in the hearts of husband, children, bvties of kindred will Sister note in that city. Groo be missed and mourned. For many years The Press . Association had no more earnest, past, her duties in connection with the Relief active member nor any worker therein a more Society have caused the strongest ties of friend-shi- n faithful friend than Mrs. D'Evelyn. As a member to sprine up between herself and associates of the Executive Board and several standing in their mutual labor of love; not ordinary ties, of committees she was uhtiiing in her zeal for the friendship, to be a faint memory in the busy whirl success of the organization. She was the personi- - of life; but eternal and enduring as heaven itself, : lartre ' aTte1Tfrarree:Inthe are renewed in itreantlfpHnmMr.w heart of The motherhood. and manhood will a higher life happy the loss occasioned by her de Rogerson and wife came with buggy to take Mrs. woand both men of one a host each of friends, Freeze andI a drive to a high eminence where parture bs fully recompensed. Among the poor, would what in but out the afflicted and sorrowful, it would be impossible tender, men, goes today 'we could get a splendid view of the surrounding tb enumerate her deeds of love and kindness, but country! we came to Soldier Springs where a seem to be helpless sympathy for the two little motherless children, who in the blissful ignorance unwritten though they be, in the grateful hearts company of troops had a good easy time and the- memorv of Sister Groo will f 1 vacation looking for culprits and cattle stealers of their babyhood, are yet unconscious of the of the recipients, depth of their loss, but who in the days and years ever remain green. whom they did not .find. We sat and looked j After a brief but intensely severe illness, Sister around the horizon seeing in the distance the to come Will yearn in vain for the mother love and care that was given them so abundantly. Groo departed this life on June 22, 1S92, in the Mountains, La Plata, Blue, Silverton.La Salle, Ute ' Besides her devotion to her husband and babies sixty-sixt- h year of her age. She came to Salt and Mancos. Mrs. D'livelyn found time in her active young life Lake City from New York, her native state in On starting from Monticello our company riot' only for her Master's work in the church, but the year 1854, since which time she has resided in numbered twenty-si- x persons, we had a most ento take hold wherever a helping hand was needed this ward, with the exception of a brief period joyable time in our camp that nigh tmusic and lines the philanthrophic outsfde,"toldentify when she in common with the rest of the Saints along singing, and we felt almost sorry our "camping herseif with whatever humanitarian movements vacated her home and moved South. out" was to end so soon this being our last night. . """.h.'.'.t : 11 I ? yv was husband's of her interest could. she Every un iNoveinuer 15, io7u,mic was caiicu iu oteupy Next morning we had a slight scare, some of the hers.J In his hospital work she was close beside the position of President of the Relief Society of hcrses were not to be seen, after a delay of a been foremost in the plan of the work this ward, previous to which time she had filled short time they were all found safe; we passed him, having of the Lady Patronesses of the San Francisco the office of Counselor, By nature retiring , and "Church Rock" a grand appearing and massive Polyclinic which adjunct to that body has proved modest, inclination would have led her to decline sight, several of us walked dawn and up a very itself so efficient in supplementing the good Work the acceptance of positions savoring of a public large-an- a dangerous the afflicted poor. among character, and no motive save that of a stern to we came a which, very everywhere; passing was a the native D of Mrs. country sense of duty, could have induced her to yield 'Evelyn Jong and dangerous dugway, stopped and .which has world so the to many of its he own desires in this respect to gratify the given lunched at Kane Greek Traveled- in -- fternoon-to m!" MolErrl15nWda brill iant wallers,' wishes of others. Yet, she was ever equal to the Moab, Brother Holyoafc's family were all Her the thftn. Burke writings' prominent among requirements ..of . these offices, discharging her kindness and love to us; we were very much deabound in that true native wit "so rare a gift. For every duty with characteristic dignity and lighted to meet Brothers Savage and Talmage, a number of years a beloved instructor in Victoria efficiency, giving entire satisfaction to all over who came to meet with the Saints in Conference; in has residence since she her Dublin, College, whom she presided as well as to her superiors we had a most interesting and instructive time been in correspondence wi th the Victoria America in office. during the meetings held Saturday and Sunday. a to and contributor other College Magazine, That the faithful and devoted wife, mother, On Sunday evening the Y. L. M. I. A. held a with connection beside the her Dublin papers sister and friend has earned the rest she now en Conference, addresses were given by Mrs. Freeze In the her California. death of people of joys, none will doubt, and while we deeply sympress se and myself, Brothers Savage and Talmage, the Pacific Coast have Ios t another woman of pathize with those whose hearts-ar- e broken and was crowded. On Monday the Relief and inestimable power for good desolated by this sad event, yet in fancy We endeavor earnest Society and Primary Association held their Conin the example of her unselfish life. picture her joy in meeting the loved ones gene ferences; all the meetings were fully attended; in Minna V. Lewis. before, and we are glad even in the midst of our fact the meeting house was filled to its utmost Francisco. San own great sorrow, that she at least has' some capacity, all seemed well satisfied and fully repaid alleviation for any pang it may have cost (ler to so . for thektrout " lea ve" ttie loved and lonely ones behind. a On we miles. had Tuesday painful many long IN MEMORIAM. The funeral services were held on Friday the time in parting with our mucn iovea ana es24th of June, being very appropriate and impresteemed friends, Brother and Sister Hammond, A Tribute to the Memory of the late Sister sive, the remarks relating to the estimable charCounselors William Halls and Piatte Lyman, Sarah E. Groo, read at a meeting of the 9th Ward acter and life of the deceased. Bishop and Sister George Halls and others who The casket of white was completely covered Relief Society, July 19, 1S92. will ever hold a warm place in my heart. On Since our last meeting, our Heavenly Father with the choicest flowers wrought in the most exWednesday morning we left Moab very early, r c: roromer t designs the gift of those who knew how icwc has called home our much beloved and highly quisite urianuu xivvainci ji. wMug oinci xx?m. well she loved these beautiful creations of her and myself! Brother 'Bayles taking Brothers esteemed President, Sister Groo. "Although Father.. .And when, at last, her mortal remains snatched from earthly heme and ties Savage arid Talmage to Grand River which we suddenly w ere consigned to - mother' earth, the mound her life's work has been but a preparation for just crossed safely on the ferry boat. As in our outward trip we camped for lunch at such a summons into another realm of usefulness. which marks her last resting place was a literal bed of flowers, placed there in quiet sorrow and In contemplating this to us, sad event, we can 'Courthouse Rock," still flowers, flowers everyall along but conclude, in consideration of how mucligQod. reverence by the daughters of her. husband, a where, a continuous "Field the road which the brethren kept us well supplied J?a? been crowded into that" lite work, that our fitting close to the last sad rites, paid to one who with. Arrived safe and well at Thompson's Father made no mistake in taking from us one' always loved and worked among the flowers. Hattie A. Woolley who, though not having lived the time alloted to Springs, where we changed again to the railroad. ' i July, 7, 1S92. We had six weeks very pleasant visit with the mortals as we count time and years, had, if kind and hospitable people of San Juan Stake rightly estimated accomplished even more than a beneficent Father w?ou!d require of a dutiful who did all in their povfer to make us happy and , fault , , ed - 1 . - - .ma -- t -- the-hou- -- ' " 1 1 - -- -- of-Ardat- -- . Wcefr tent of our feelings. It was also the most de- - I view of the case, we cannot call the change alto j was only drone side. . Roche for 