'WOMAN'S EXPONENT '64 needful, they might contribute of their abundance, remained over a day at Springville to visit her and surely the Lord would pour out blessings brother, Oliver B. Huntington, while we returned more than recompense. Some young girls we home Friday morning, we'll please with the visit are aware have already given liberally ; and their fuller particulars of, which will be given in our names are recorded, and they will never regret next issue. giving for such a noble purpose. Zion is to be built up by the Saints, not altogether the rich but BIRTHDAY PARTY. the p&or, the working people, those who earn : lheif:bread-byihe-j- s weat. of. their: ihrow andmot: i rrtniirci A a an n uiauy cvcuiijg, May 5th, the home of do to men but their women; they have only part brother and Sister Jos. H. Felt was invaded by a Jn the great Latter-dadispensation, and an active host of their friends who had arranged to surprise -partfthough theylo not preach the Gospel t04he Sister LouiFFeiroh"theahniversar nations; their testimony to the truth, their fidelity day. A genuine surprise it proved to be, but ' and faithfulness are as necessary as that of the nevertheless the lady proved herself equal to the Elders in Israel, and when the Temples are dedi occasion, and opened her parlors to the unbidden cated and the work of redemption for the dead is guests. A very merry crowd they were, and the to be performed their help is just as essential. evening passed pleasantly with songs and recitaAlready Zion is beginning to be the wonder of ed tions, jokes, and some graver the world, and the eyes of all nations are upon and withal an excellent spirit. speeches her. There is much to be done and there need The first speech was by President Jos. E. be no idlers in the vineyard. The young people ' Taylor, who referred to the many good deeds of have much cause for gratitude that their lines are power made ..least In pleasant placlelTupafeti to those.olJhe mahifesnhTier behalf when ill she and given lay early pioneers in the vvdrk; and if their oppor " to the die, up by physician and many-o-f her tunities are greater, more will be required at their friends; said much calculated to comfort and hands. The greatness and magnitude of the work her, and warmly congratulated her on her increases, and the need of superior talent is be birthday etc. Brother Charles Livingston san g a comin? more and more apparent. The arts and real Scotch song; Louie Felt, the sciences open up avenues whereby many things daughter, sang with piano accompaniment 'Sing and skillfullv. -- done that can be in?eniouslv o me. the sweet old songs," and one or two other formerly took years to accomplish in the old way. she has a fresh clesr yoice; Miss May Anderson In various ways the Lord is hastening his work and Miss Felt played a duet on the piano which 5t the lovers of instrumental music- - very much en- -; joyed. Brother Charles Denney gave the "Rose EDITORIAL NOTES. of Allandale," acquitting himself well; and Brother Elihu Barrell, also sang one of the This is the time of paying memberships for the favorite ballads; Mrs. Nellie Taylor recited in coming year for the. Hbspital, and all those who her usual dramatic style "Her Letter," President feel like paying up dues, already left Over will C. W. Penrose, L. T. Freeze, B. H. Roberts and confer a favor by coming forward with the means; E. B. Wells each made a few remarks; Brother C. also those who pay regularly will please remem ber their membership expires with May 1892. Ass Aate.. Excellent refreshments were served dur- the Hospital is" at present very much in need of ng the evening by the young girls present, and a funds, favors small or large will be gladly well " general good feeling animated all. Sister Louie corned. Felt responded to the' call of Brother Penrose for " A benevolent sister infer an expression of her feelings, in a few well chosen the sick and amicted has recently made a very words, testifying to her love for and appreciation useful Deseret donation the to and acceptable of her many kind friends, and Elder J. H. Fejt Board the of Directors Hospital,,which gratefully made the closing speech, thanking pne and all for a The of consists withhanks. gift acknowledge affection and regard- .- s with set bed bedroom and "bedriufhish ilyjexpressiont complete an certainly enjoyable evening calculated to cheer ings bed linen etc., new and of good quality ; the the hearts of all who participated therein. Mrs-L- . lady also intends to replenish the bedding, towels L. Felt, Dr. Maggie C. Shipp, and Delia and other things when needful, from time to time; Eardley were the originafers we were informed of that is to keep up this one bed etc. The ladies of the demonstration. About sixty persons were JheJ3oard present. fully for this charitable institution, and any gift of this sort is perhaps more fully appreciated be cause of the, small resources available to keep up BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY. the current expenses of the institution. Many others of our sisters could well afford to do- this Tuesday, May third,was the seventieth and would be conferring a blessing indeed upon of the birthday of Sister Bathsheba W. suffering humanity. .Smith, one of the most noted, and one of the best We had the pleasure in company with Pres. known women in all Israel. She is the widow of Zina D. H. Young of this City, of visiting on the late President George A. Smith, a cousin of ast ; Wednesday 3JJHLsJaI week, Spring-Joseph Smith the -- Prophet,- and for many years ville and Payson in the interest of the Relief First Counselor to President Brigham Young. Pres. and her John Society.' Counselor Mary Sister Smith holds the hnnnrpd nositi-nof Coun- . . itt..' f - !ll r. Woman's Exponent. EMMEtlNE B. WELLS, Editor. Published In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: ene copy one year $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. ' No reduction made for clubs- - City papers delivered by mail, scml-rnonthl- y, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Ad vertising rates: -- Each" senate, ten liner of nonpareil. I pace, one time, S2.50;. per month, 53.00. A liberal discount -- to regular advertiser. -- EirNEfTffieeNo &tu gate east of Descret News Office. Business hours from to 5 p.m. erery day, except Sunday. '. ' Address all tuslnefs communications to ' " y 10 a.m , WOMAN'S EXPONENT, PUBLISHER ' Salt4 Lake City Utah. ' Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second Gas$ Matter. good-humor- Salt Lake City, May 15,. 1892. -- FAST DAY MAY FIRST. The Fast meetings in the several wards in .this City on Sunday, the first' of May, seem to have been general seasons of rejoicing frcn the reports and the spirit and feeling that has manifested itself, and the liberality in giving for the purpose designed. In most places there was great freedom in speaking and the Spirit of God was apparent. Large sums of money were donated and there is no doubt but the Lord will pour out a blessing upon his people proportionate to the sacrifices made freely for the Houseofthe Lord, here in the center Stake of Zion. The poor, as well as the rich have part in this matter, and as has been stated repeatedly by the Elders and Bishops of the Church, the small amounts given by them are as acceptable in the sight of the Lord as the greater gifts from the abundance of the rich and in this we have the beautiful illustration of our Savior, in the New Testament where it is " """ -- old-fashion- "And Jesus satover against the treasury, and .beheld. hpwili.epople-jCitsLjnoney-ata-ttreasury ; and many that were rich cast in much. ''And there came a certain poor widow, and she threw in two mites, which make a farthing. "And he called unto him his disciples, and saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That this poor widowihath cast more in, thari alt they which have cast into the treasury. "For all they did cast in of their abundance; but she of her want did cast in alii that she had, even all ber Jiving." ' We were strangely reminded of this in the remarks of - President Cannon at the Priesthood meeting when he said even the poorestf among our people who received support from the4 Church should pay tithing of that which they received. Those who give to the poor the Savior said ''iendeth to the Lord," but there must surely be a greater blessing when .the poor give of their ' scanty means. The circumstances under which this people have built Temples are almost marvelous. In Nauvoo many lived on potatoes and salt with sometimes a little corn meal; and when they .could no longer subsist would leave for a respite to go and work a few days for some one outside . It-wa- - - - - . died recently labored there without remuneration and so zealous was he to perform that work "stone cutting " that he fasted until he fainted at his work. In Kirtland the sisters who had cows that gave milk would never use butter upon their own tables, but gave it all as a free donation to. the men who worked on the Temple ; and many other sacrifices the saints made in those early days, that those of this generation know not of. If some o?bur young . sisters now thought it ed lJ he "who have support for their families while they were laboring upon the Temple. One brother who ge -- -- written"":"''":"5'"" , en-coura- t-- v 1 1". go with them on this trip as changes were to be made in the organizations. At Springville four new branches were made out of the former one, and at Payson two branches from the one; as ' tnese large wards had. been divided and n,ew : Bishops set apart to preside, it became necessary to make these changes in the Relief also Society. We were everywhere cordially welcomed and the meetings were well attended by both brethren and sisters; the Bishops at each place mani- . , . . .... I grand-daughte- . 1 Sisters John and Daniels went on to Goshen to - uumuiCcungS.lneren i,naay,and b.ster Young dent of the Relief Society. The party given in honor of Sistef Smith's birthday was held at the residence of her r, Mrs. George Home, in the. 19th Ward. The First Presidency " of the Church were present, Wilford Woodruff, George Q. Cannon, and Joseph F Smith, and the Presiding Bishop, Wm. B. Preston, also the Bishop of the Ward, John Tingey, and Hon. C. W. Penrose of the Presidency of this Stake, Patriarch Joseph Hcrne ' Fred Taylor, U. D., .on of President, John Taylor, who has recentlv returned from abroad. w r 1 1 I 1 - I t i 1 1 I - 