WOMAN'S 62 llake well balanced men or wcmcn and they will never slop over and what is so of an is so of a community, and in order to be well balanced we must cultivate, wherever we are deficient. During the time women voted in Ulah, he women, ,- never saw any disorderly conduct at the polls,"" that of itself is worth thinking of. The ballot js a right, that all should demand. It is a right not a privilege. .When women have this right it will tend to purge the ballot of its wicked and corrupt , ways. Relieved among the first things granted would be the right of Suffrage to women. Strike out the word 'Male" the same as thevord "White" in 1S62. My vote is my property and I believe in voting as I please and to the best of my knowledge. Educate yourselves that you may know independently of what your husband or brother does or says? not only yourselves but yourfamil).. If only one can be educated let it be the daughters, and they 'will in turn educate "their families.'" Believed Tiflakitig air interest in the World's Fair, also in Dress Reform. Woman should not get overturned, but educate in all things necessary for filling both places, and she should have a right to control her property and also her person, 'that men will have to educate themselves as well as women on different points. Trusting all would be interested in this, as a jus . EXPONENT. our President Mrs. Bayer, in becoming better educated in Civil Government. A lady who in connection with her husband can run a business and raise a family and find time ,to study .'Civil Government and Parliamentary liules, deserves great credit. Trusted he would always have a. kind word for the Suffrage Laches. Mrs'. Bullock said when she heard such speakers it enthused her. did not feel to take up. the time, but wanted her political freedom. D. C.Johnson felt as though there had been . General and Stake officers were sustained. Conference adjourned for three mouths. .. . Louisa Picket, Sec. . ... ONEIDA-STAK- - E. - Editor Woman ' s Ex ion e nt : ' The annual conference of the Rebel Society of Oneida Stake, convened at Franklin on Sunday, Sept, 18, 1892 "at 11 Cona. in. Pies. IUizabeth Fox presided. ference opened with singing by the choir and prayer by Pres. Geo. C. Parkinson. The minutes 01 previous conierence were enough said, had been a. suffragist all his life, never could see why a woman was not his or any other man's equal before the law. It. is an ele vation not a degradation to vote. Do you find read and approved. Fox expressed pleasure in seeincr so Pres. any suffragist suffering as the, great men; who. No. in first spoke behalf of the colored race? : many assembled. Several wards were re- in from do Women ten years not be discouraged, this day women throughout the United States, Sisters Hogan and Townsend of Logan will have the right of the ballot. benefits of the The President trusted that-th- e Relief Society work. Adjourned until 2 -wuTtend to bring all those interested day prm. common welfare of women to (he front. Singing. Afternoon session: Opened with usual Prayer by Mrs. Lapish of American Fork. exercises and reading of the semi-annuE. J. Haywood, Sec. -- - - -- n--the - al report of the branches of the Relief Society. EVENING'S ENTERTIANMEN'T. Sister Townsend exhorted the sisters who The parlors of the Boyer House at Springville had families to atfend their meetings and were filled with guests the evening after the obtain the spirit of the Lord to assist them in their various duties at home. cause. Advised day's celebration and a most sociable time of en Mrs. Kimball was under the impression, if joyment was participated in. There wt re present all to keep the Word of Wisdom," as it is from Salt Lake City, Sarah M. Kimball Ter. a great safe guard against sickness. Bishop Booth would speak it would inspire her to speaK, that this right of Suffrage was going to Pres., Emily S. Richards Vice Pres. W. S. A. and Sister Hogan spoke at some length on tTPresident of the Utah World's Fair Commission the Word of Wisdom, said the Revelation he lelt more and more in tne worm, jsy ana oy, and will do E. Carrie was given to us to obey, that the destroyDye also Vice Pres. W. S. A., something women, through their tact, "wo class a As but thev must be more liberal. Electa Bullock of rrinTresTUCo W. sTa ing angel would pass us by. Spoke of the will and Hannah Lapish, Pres American Fork W. plagues and famines that are to come upon men are so penurious.that they give nothing will to A. men S. to help the cause, Other ladies and gentlemen from Provo us, said if she could prevent it not one give willingly help . r 'il wun me and bushel of grain should ero out of this vallev.' Association in meirs. was pieaseu vicinity, were among the invited guests. be to was and and There were speediessong" , Springville pleased this year, but be stored:away for future user present, ' t music eacn inaiviauai couiu neip 40 maKe it wnat it Pres. Geo. C. Parkinson spoke of the interspersed and at 10 p. mthe guests were seated in the dining room where an elabor- - various duties of women in should be, also said marriage, too often ended raising their a life education. . ft - 1 - It1 - t . A 1 - - ft ft ft . . 1 ft and , . ""II. a tins is and W. great K'flsey said, grand the ameliorate started to work, sufferings of humanity, said the first hospital was reared under Under each plate., was. a. :fairulifisma: hand that rocks the cradle, rules the world," bouquet yellow flowers (the suffrage color) which were worn the remainder of the evening. also endorsed remark&Lprevious-speakers.---Pie.The conversation wasanj,maiedFox made a few closing, remarks. yvenT irvrvTfa t Tip - mi n xrrrcrr- rrf fsat e t K a Ur wJ and afl were delighted with t he a rrangemen ts' Choirsang an Anthemr Benedictioirby and dfuTe success women of the whole affair. pamsliQu'eenTspoTTe great good The hostess Mrs, Elder I. B. Nash. . ..... : . IIS- S. A. is who also naut (lout, aiiu iilucy uu uui icicivc uuu icinu yaii Pres. the Boyer of -- Springville Josephine BiJaweey, Ass't. Sec. the credit that is due them. Garabaldi's wife W; S. A. was heartily, applauded for making followed him through all the changing scenes everything so pleasant and gratifying, and her ST. JOHN'S STAKE. that that remarkable man went through, and in husband also came in for a full share in the their days of adversity she used her red skirt and honors. Altogether it was an event long to be Editor Kx TONE NT: and made remembered by all who had the good fortune to her white bed spread or counter-panConference of theRelief Society of the be among the happy number, and those who were a Hag which Garabaldi used on his victorious St. Johns Stake of Zion was held at St. marches resulting in the Emancipation of the not present wilt certainly regret the that Johns Sept, 3rd, 1892. On the stand were fair land Italy. While great honor is due him prevented their attendance. the of the Presidency Stake, Pres. of: the surely some credit is due his wife. So far as the R, S. of the Stake, Counselor and several Suffrage is concerned with the stroke of the pen After the usual opening leading sisters. of Abraham Lincoln, eight millions of the colored R. S. REPORTS'. exercises, reports of the wards and Stake race received their emancipation. The male -were-read, officers of tlie Board, portion- of which had, over 21 years of age, the Stoke and wards were presented and susfull privilege of political suffrage, no difference if r '.4 tained unanimously. I I: .1 i - .1 l.!ll.. ...Lit IT Editor Exponent: iney can neuuei ichu nut wmc, wane uouoie. ine Counselor Frances White addressed the 'The conference of the Relief number of the Anglo-Saxorace, forming a great Society of assembly briefly, the Cassia Stake convened at Oakley bearing testimony of the part of this nation, were denied the ballot beSept of truth the females. ; Gospel. cause of being 19, 1892. Speaking of women the Pres. E. S. Udall expressed herself L. in On the the stand were Pres,: Louisa HaMit Almighty placing us upon speaker stated, as well pleased, during; her recent visit to ana L.auuseiors with the ward presidents this earth designeoJ:4isto be equal, not in the the Relief Society branches of the Stake at ascendency, but equal, nothing mbie.7 Women . The conierence was opened by siWin the hearty welcome and prayer; the various branches reforms,: but and the havbrouglbout many reported little credit for it. Spoke of John 2Eaorablea)ndition good spirit manifest anion g the - sisters, almrds of instruction were spoken by the though the meetings generally are not as "Bimyons 'Tilgrims Progress' ' a work nearly as wen auenuea as tney should be. extensively read as the Bible, and that to a great President and her Counselors; after which Read a circular letter from the Twnxrx extent was produced through the sacrifice and Brother F. Brim occupied he remainder of etaries: the morning session. industry of his wife that lived during his impri' of sonment of twelve years. He also mentioned the In the afternoon Brother H. 1) Haiirht ports the Relief Society Jubilee to Skter xv.. jl. wens services of Florence Nightingale during the read the minutes of the organization Sister Phcebe A.- Ic'Neil Crimean war, and also the mother of Napoleon, of the Relief Society at Kauvoo. SsSr spoke of the of how she followed her husband pn the battle field Sarah an established necessity confidence beorthmgton bore her testimony tween and against the French forces, but a short time before those, early parents eliildrpn t. Sisters4nnie JSister Mary Er-- B the birth of that great Jt neral Napoleon. pa woman's . l5 nJrofwas served. . ; s. - 1 amirf ' -- 1 " 1 " e, ill-lu- ck .; Ctral -- - : .r'.,.J. . n she-recei- ved Jhave-receive- d J - : - . onmrnmkmdv la. to the sfr ; - .Dlessfphtr rrczz Gospel which are predicted upon obedience to its principles. 