The Rights Vol. 21. - ; of the Women oj Zion ' ; CONTENTS: World's Fair Mass Meeting -- SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 15, 1892. A home of peace and human brotherhood, . Where men should equal stand, a sovereign host, Nor owe to haughty birth their high degree; Where merit's star o'er mammon's might ascend, Where brain and brawn should blood and birth outweigh, Where law should liberty and life defend, And tyranny be traitor to the realm; Where right, not might, should monarch rise and reign O'er all that breathed 0, blossomed, neath the May B. Talmage. Isabella of Castile Phebe C Youug. The Spirit of Criticism. A Trip to England. R. S. Reports. Suffrage Speech Ellen Jakeman. N. A. W. S. A. Notes arid News. Obituaries. Editorials. Cleveland and Harrison. Apn preciation. Baby Louisa. Editorial Notes. Poetry. Columbus Bishop O. F. Whitney. . sun;., COLUMBUS. BY BISHOP O. and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. F. WHITNEY. Read at the Concert in the Large Tabernacle in this City, Oct. 21, 1892. So long as lofty peaks o'er lowly plains Catch first the glimpses of the glorious light That lumines this dark world; so long shall men, Or souls that seem far more than men, be found,' To loom above the level of their kind And greet the earliest rays of rising truth. What though the shallow world shall scoff " ; , Where, linked in chain of loving unity The only chain that freedom's land could bind A sisterhood of empires, hand in hand, Might time their steps to Truth's triumphal tread. And march to music of Millennial strains. Glad harbinger of still more glorious state chain The welding of the nations world-wid- e With Freedom's ensign waving over all. No. 10. That tree was of thy planting thine and His, Who wrought by thee Divinity's design; Though thou didst never live to pluck the fruit Which gladdens now a grateful universe. Nor lived to see oh, mockery of fame! What then had made thee weep, had'st thou been less Than thy great self thy rightful claim ignored; Another's name upon the monument Eternal destiny designed for thee. ButJived ta eat the bread of penury And moist its bitter crust with burning tears, To wear the chains which envious power had forged In fires of causeless hate; and then to pass Unpitied to the tomb, unwept, unpraised And unrequited. E'en as some brave bark, 'Gainst which to war all angry winds conspire, Afar by tempest's fury lashed and driven, Dismantled, shattered, wrecked, on rocky reef Goes down in raging seas so sank thy soul, Thy stalwart soul beneath life's stormy wave; Thy greatness lost in man's ingratitude. -Lost but to man's, not to thy Maker's gaze, ' That shipjsails on; and it shall sail for aye. Thy fame Columbus, sank with Europe's sun, To rise upon the world thy valor" won, Whose teeming myriads now their homage yield. What glorious walls and glittering towers appear? For whom doth honor rear these radiant domes? These "villages of nations' where the waves Of Michigan the shore of: Freedom ave? ; Why throng these multitudes that eager wend ; From every clime. beyond the watery way? 'From Asia's aHcient stt Cathay, - Where Yaou and reign sage KJnng , r. ed; r Or wise Gautama's home, the Hindu land, For which thy prows pierced ocean's mystery. Pacific's coral isles and palmy groves Send forth their dusky-hueambassadors. O'er occidental seas their course inclines, . Along the bosom of Balboa's wave. Anon from Europe's" coast, whence greatness ' springs Too plenteous to praise or e'en to name; Land of illustrious lives and deathless dead, Whose deeds, like laurel blossoms, crown her '" " : The brave task thine, bold wrestler with the main, Europia's pilgrim, Neptune's pioneer! Tossed not alone on wild Atlantic's crest, By angry trident of the ocean god, " But on a sea of troubles fiercer still The unbelief and envy of thine age, . Not seeing what their mystic sight beholds; Whose waves of cold contempt and clouds of But groping, groveling and denying all, scorn Save what their sires or antique times have And wrathful winds had well nigh' overwhelmed known; The bark of thy adventurous emprise, ontent to lie at ease in Lethe's vales, Ere glorious Isabella's friendship beamed, And hating those who soar to higher things! And Palos saw thy slowrdescending sail. .These walk and talk with God on mountain tops, z The brave task thine, thou Titan of thy time On sacred hills of solemn thought, and thence, Albeit thy lot to better build than know Like Moses from the blazing Mount, descend To' plow a way for Freedom through the waves, : To kindle wisdom's beacons tor mankind. zAnd planther standard on a stranger shore The banner of the cross, whose law divine Of such a one I sing; the Genovese, World-bindeIs love of right and human liberty; bridger of the boundless seas, To pioneer a path for FreedbmX6wn, The conqueror and colossus of the waves, To pave the way for her great champion Who stood on meditation's starry height, A mightier e'en than thou whose patriot arm Above the clouds that canopied the age, And looked upon the earth and said, ,,Tis Enclothed with thunders of omnipotence, round." Wielding the, lightnings of a righteous cause, "Should cleave the clanking chain of tyranny, As later quoth Copernicus, "It moves," Still later, Galileo, he who groaned-IWhichbound, as captive to the chariot wheel Of Britain's power, Columbia's bleeding form. fetters for a like truth reaffirmed. And then oh, glorious conquest, grander far Thrice kingly three, uncourtiered and uncrowned; Than burnished steel and battling - hosts jnight Not theirs the purple robe and diadem; head; win! Whom science crowns full oft doth misery clothe; From Afric's burning waste, Atlantic's isles, Chains were their sceptres, dungeon cells their To turn from all he was or might have been, Swift o'er his billowy breast their vessels bound, all waive crown, but the To kingly 1 proffered V thrones.' Plrminflr artfw the rofh rAalt t tha racA Li J . of seclusion sweet seek the And rr repose; these thy portion proud, O sailor sage! i nat Dore toiumDus to Columbia's shore. reign-Wit- hout too where Sufficed to rarely kings reign The meed of all thy waiting, wandering toil. These walls and towers are thine, and thine the a rival in his country's love. No marvel; thou wert God's, not man's elect, fanes, LJL And thou didst serve Eternity, not Time. Yet thou the glory of that deed shalt share. to art and science, Upreared industry, Which gave to half the world thy hemisphere Whose shining fingers point thy place of rest; ' Of tyrant kings and priests earth's recreant Time hold ere and have must all What expire; These multitudes, thy pilgrim votaries, f powers Columbus no had Since been, truth Who hither hie to kneel and pour their praise. proclaims, Who governed but tq goad and gall mankind, land had never known a Washington. Our Look down, O sainted soul, upon fhe world, The groaning world was weary; and the hour, A world that now divines what thou didst know, The fated hour when Freedom's prostrate form, -- What though proud Spain withheld thy guerdon And more than thou didst deem the world might . grand Bursting the shackles of long centuries , know; ;..:.;.. As Samson, rousing, rent Philistian bonds i Viceroyalty of realms by thee unveiled, world A that where it once praises profaned, Vast revenues no coffer e'er contained Erect should stand in might and majesty, i es e or n a ds vh ertr; Ad ffd1a whereth tcbffedf Pledged recompense of pain and pa tient toil! And shake her locks in aneer at her foes. ' blamed. ; Could aught by man bestowed thy boon repay Drew on apace. 'Twas meet that ere that hour wheel The hath mystic turned; the last is first, , Of tottering thrones and trembling dynasties, Thy gift to. glory and a groaning race? first is last Columbus Ferdinand ?' Wouldst wish the great debt cancelled? Gaze And That day of reckoning and red revenge Which js the king, and which the vassal now? ' again. On crowned and mitered heads and reeking If fame be wealth, what fabled wealth is thine! Behold ' what --Time hath wrought the mighty y; .' . hands, If love be empire, where thy realm's-- confinr? tree On grinding greed and trampling tyranny, at:, tl.e.'stirine, rrfvrsarstorm;"-- " Columbia, loyal to thy name, doth raise I shade, saw That France saw fiercely burst yet only And thus the present for the, past atcne. From fierce oppression's rain or fiery ravs, The faint beginning, not the furious end And feeds, with hope's rare, fruit, the refugees "Arid more than Spain once promised, Earth i vw ' Should heaven preparer v land'of tibertyr Of Freedom's cuse n every land and clime! . pays. and-scorr- i, -- . 1 " . Fu-tse'shb- . r, ... t , d ' ' n ; -- - . - .... . L-Jr-- Arid 4 - I. ' . ; -- -- ..; .;,-.- . . ! ; : :" X'Xttxn v-u-- -v - 1 , ? 