WOMAN'S EXPONENT. man to Income the equal of man, also to the expenence and philosophy of the pro fessors of anatomy on the brain power of both male and leinale. L He advised a pacific policy to wards-th- e male sex, so as not to antagonize their cause with man by hostile speeches and addresses because some men are opposed to Woman Suffrage,' many men did so oppose in all sincerity and honesty, having a high regard for woman and a wish , to preserve her especially from the crude, ungovernable passions and unclean distasteful habits exhibited by ' many "men who engaged in political and other pursuits common to public life; such opponents at the reseilt overlook the Tact that woman ' s presence would cleanse and purify the ranks and elevate the tastes and feelings above such practices. He remembered as good doctrine an article in the Deseret News suggesting to the ladies of these associations not to all "ihemselv'esto either political party:" they had nothing to gain by so doing but on the other hand, for reasons which the speaker gave; they might prejudice their cause. A vote of thanks was tendered Mr. Stanford for his able, instructive and entertain-in- g lecture.; The subject of the World's Fair was then taken up and considered and the ladies present were urged to attend a meeting called by the ladies committee of Weber County to be held in the . .City Hall on : Saturday next. Vice President, Mrs. Hilliard suggested that the committee on programme arrange for a suitable recognition to be made in reference to the 4th century anniversary of the landing of Columbus, at our next meeting. ; be The - event" would-"celebrated on ihe" October 21st of throughout" the whole of America. Several new members were, added to the association. By the attendance at held Tn "Open," it" was evident that an increased interest is being awakened in the rights of woman in this locality. Meeting adjourned for one month. , - - . ; - . ' " ; , this-mee- j -- Lizzie Stanford, Sec. . as much news as reports of crime, and more ASSOCIATION. The P. C. Women's Press Club, of San some Francisco, has very fine types of wo- manhood in its enrollment. As I dropped into its annual convention, now being held inthanat deal of interest and listened with a good deal more to the remarks that followed one another in quick succession. The afternoon was devoted to a sym posium on the referred resolution of the N. E. A., in May last, and was the subject of lawyer, of the conscientious controllers of the press. J It was an admission of its weakness, it was a supporter of its ' strength.1 worthy of record by the publicpress. This referred resolution "vas left by the junketing editors jto die a natural death. And who - are the women who - constitute The editors were going out that evening, the strength of this association? Perhaps probably under police' escort, to the China- some day I may individualize them. They town slums, or some other equally interestare worth it. But they are reticent, modest, ing and filthy, city suburb; and, by the way, do not seek1 notoriety. There is variety what is the reason that the Eastern people among them, without which' there' would have such a ravenous appetite to see the be no spiciness. Some of them are well slums of San Francisco? Do they return known as writers, editors, journalists, the compliment by trotting out California authors, poets and philanthropists Some visitors to their Barbary Coasts? They are unfledged as yet, but they will fly one crowd into the. suffocating Chinese . theatre of these days. They are not all gifted,5 all and endure smells enough to foster all the wibe, an iearneu,uut uie maienai is oeyona microbes that may be floating about, and praise, and the unknown and uninvited make nests somewhere about their persons.- - visitor passed out with a deep respect and They tramp up and : down; alleys and by- - great appreciation of the Pacific Coast Wo- J he Journalist. ways, ana undergronud dens, with jthej.mens rress Association. most persistent curiosity. And then they say, "Oh, my! how can you endure it?" IJbelieye of: .theygenemUycalLtbebiect rOF" their visits "scabs on the body politic, " or some other equally euphonious name. We don't endure it. We don't go to see, hear, taste or smell , it: But this is a di- WOMEN. At the business meeting of the National Council of Women of the United States, held in Chicago in May, the resignation of the Mrs. Ella Dietz Clymer; was presented and accepted with expressions of reerret. Mrs. Clvmer's condition of health made it imperative that she should auwcuc lu uic uuvit: m uer puybiciau, auu, " resign'all official positions in the various1 con she organizations' with ' nected. Miss Clara Conway,, of Memphis, Tenn. , was unanimously elected to the vacant .office. TZ Miss Conway has accepted the posi- tion and looks forward to active participation in the work of the Council, in which . . . she is deeply interested. . - gression. Alice Carey Waterman led off in a brisk, .pertinent, incisive paper on "Resolutions as Levers," said what she had to say, said it well, covered her points, drove them in and sat down within the time iiiiin.. the resolution of Miss West was stood up to be snowballed, and the way those wo- Vice-Preside- - -- men went at it, giving a dig now and then in a sly aside at thejtfational EditorialAs-sociatiowas a revelation. "The Press as an Educator --What constitutes News in a Weekly Paper News or Gossip? Theory and Practice Limitations of a Country Editor The Survival ol theEittest News ' Raciiev Foster Avery. the Reader' s Standpoint Reporter, Fashion Editor, Story Writer, Dramatic Critic, etc., etc. all that goes to make up a paper. JBveryspoke.inits wheel revolved-round that resolution. What did they say? What did they not say? They talked to some purpose. Criminal advertisements brought out a scorching, scathing rebuke; those not openly criminal, but the "Mas sage, ' tne Jt ortune teller, " the 'Meet me o'clock," the ads. wrapped up in insinuations of how to be beautiful. These were unrolled, and their hidden poison unveiled. It was news to some there, it was evident. But the probes were covered with a delicate lace of words that conveyed mean ing without coarseness, that cut to the quick like, a surgeon's lance, but were as NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN OFTHEUNITEDSTATEB7":;: -- TnR organization which has at heart the best interests of the children, the International Kindergarten Union, has entered the National Council of Women of the United States. n 1 he President of the Union is that Kindergartner, Mrs.' r Sarah 'B; Cooper of San Francisco, and, through the membership of the Union in the Nati6rial? of Council, she becomes- a me. iauer organization, mus adding a, to the Executive Board' valuable of the Council: he Kinderpften"T wisdom by appointing Mrs. Cooper to represent the Kindergarten idea on the Honorary Committee of the World's Con-- 1 gress of Representative Womenitabe-held- '1 next year in Chicago Sunder the : joint: management of the Woman's Branch ofi&& World's -- Congress Auxiliary and tne Na;'. tional Council of Women. well-know- ne " - , Vice-Presiden- - t- . co-work- er . carefully-handle- d The necessity and advantage of news as news was discussed with a keen sense of the distinction between news and gossipl The Bible was as full of revelations of sin, murder and licentiousness as of the records ol heroism, virtue and righteousness. Cain was there, but Cain 's punishment was greamuclcaustic .witund and a remarks-abl- e ter than he could bear. The retribution was variety of opinions. The ladies were held up as well as the crime. Ergo: it was limited to speeches, - or papers,- - well w to hide crime, lest it might escape and were generally within the limits. punishment. Next, news-papesupplied The resolution, which was virtually laid on the demand. If the demand was for the the table by the visiting editors, was this, prizejfight it wasthe fault of the peo offered by Miss Mary Allen West, Editor of the paper, What made the . paper the the Union Signalund President of the 111. people: , or did the. public make it? W. P. A. their moral or immorH Sunday Resolved. That we, as an Editorial As- - al effect onmpersand ' the rising generation, etc. soaation, protest against the publication of It was a ringing, clear, loud call for re- detail$ of crime, reports of divorce ! courts, form. It was 'a iustification of editorial and other demoralizing matter, : and desire DncessiiMiiwas xpo io put ourselves on record as recognizing of of fees to la wyers shysters, corporations, the truth that report of honorable deeds is rather it was a noble defense of the honest vs' . from"thel - nt, :" n, at-Ni- PACIFIC COAST WOMEN'S PRESS 71 ssc - : iive-minu- te " rs d " -- . 1. opened her school iit the new home July 26. The editor of the, Bombay Guardian- - calls- - the opening dajv J"a:red-lette- r day, ' and- - the: Sharada SadanT s .. PunditA Ramabai 1. feature theTevenTne exercises was an arl dress by Mrs. Ranade, wife of an eminent judge, an orthodox t Hindu. The school ; has now thirtv-fou- r widows child and ; im ' V - . fidence and sympathy of Bombay. A. A opthe leading people v . 