WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ONLY A YKAR AGO. The noonday sun wends its golden way, Far across the deep'ning blue; The, twilight hour with its soft'ning ray, Imparts but a gentler hue. Silently over, the fading day, v. falls the Unheedingly dew, its robes to the somber gray Changing Of the begone days I knew, Only a year ago. Lonely and 'shrill rings the wild-birdcry, autumnal trees so Through drear, shades the the of Making dark'ning sky, Hasten the night hour so near. Drearily, sadly the hours pass by, From the lone heart falls a tear, For the shattered hopes that heavy lie, For the dreams I cherished dear, Only a year ago. Gone! Gone! no longer the golden glow Through thejiygdawilLdart; And thTezephyrs breathe in music 16 w, A requium sad and short. No more will the joys I longed to know, Cause the anguished tears to start; The parting'day bears with footsteps slow, All that clustered round my heart, - Only a year ago. Farewell! sweet dream, for the day is dead; 'Twas by an icy blast slain; Over the sorrowful hours now fled, Chant but this one sad refraim Farewell! Farewell! o'er the lonely bed, - Where my cold withered hopes long have - the performance might have been considered somewhat( amusing,". and I might perhaps have been fired with ambition to become expert at dressing under trying circumstances, but as the matter stood, these continued excursions back and forth, only 00 wuuiuun, uuu 1 wasopngeu now and then to lie down during a every number of these excursions. But even after the dressing part was accomplished, it required a great deal of manoeuvering and holding on like grim death, to keep in one place long enough to get washed; this second performance completed a fresh start must be made in order to get-hair combed and twisted up in some style or other, and after the whole fatiguing process was gone through with it required considerable resolution to get upon deck instead of giving in to the feeling of exhaustion and lying down for an hour -- 's . ' ' - lain; k? de 1892. , failMuticmifpan "waiting to offer, his arm for a promenade when I ' put in an appearance on deck. This refreshing exercise always produced the desired effect, that of making me feel better. Whether rain or shine, calm or rough, a brisk promenade up and down the deck, would never fail to revive us. AH the passengers indulged in this exercise and it was quite amusing to watch them pair off two and two so long as the ladies held out, but as there were more gentlemen than ladies, some of them - must left without fair companions, necessarily-bwhich fact caused a kind of rivalry between ' them. ; As the time passed on we became more familiar with our fellow passengers; engaging in conversation with some of them, and learning bits of the biography of them all. , -- e rwhicroyta auogemer contained the necessary elements to $50,000. ' Of course we had only one side of the story; and considering the circumstances, he certainly seemed remarkably cheerfully and to alt appearances enjoyed himself as much as any one on board. We had also a very fair specimen of a political sycophant, a mean groveling tool used by any political schemer .who would, reward his servility most liberally. At least this was the character deduced from bis own statements. He was on his way to France, no doubt in the interest of some scheme which would not bear the penetrating light of day upon it. His manner was smooth and warm, enreetinc: all the ladies , . tlieywere special-friend- sun-brown- Continucd! I always slept splendidly while on my voyage, scarcely ever waking from the time my head touched the pillow, until the getting up bell sounded m the morning. But the getting up, dressing, and . washing etc. was the performance that I did not - enjoy. After a long and severe struggle with myself I would conclude that it was really time ior me to leave my couch, or sometimes Mrs. M. would come in to wish nie good morning, thus shaming me into leaving it, and I would forthwith proceed, to climb over the side of the berth on to the floor, where immediately, without any K .effort whatever-o- n slid was my part, I across the room to the little hard couch be fore mentioned, where my clothes were and if thoroughly awake and rcaay for the sport, i might prove success- . -- ; ed, I-- was g back to the berth; but if perchance the nrst time I made a misgrab, there was yet another chance for. me, as it would not be more than a minute before I would find n ?ysftf route for the couch again, then to tnel)erth and then to the couch alternately. If my stomach had been in proper order, s: Another man was seeking the laud of his nativity to obtain if possible consolation for the loss of his wife and five children who had crossed the ' ' Mystic River' ' but two months before, smitten by some epidemic that had swept through New York. Next in order was the young English dude after the Lord Dundreary style, who was just returning from Florida where he had lately superintended the setting out. of an. orange plantation. He also was the happy posessor of a youthful crocodile with which he often amused himself as well as some of the other passengers when he become weary of the bar. Next to the dude, may be mentioned the young Irishman witli his wife and little son whom they called Brewster. He was supposed to be the youngersQn of an.ristcbri: " , . ; -- cratic family-an- d tlio .! New-'York'lieiresses'a- A TRIP TO ENGLAND. , She had eloped, with a, perhaps, "handsomer man," and not being satisfied with leaving his bed and board, had1 endeavored to wrest' from the poor fellow, the greater part of his - worldly possessions, amounting ing not oven ordinary attractiveness, he had succeeded in procuring for his life's compof a modem romance. . of .Ithasbeeii observed - bysome wiseacre anions-one that I ruth is stranger than fiction, " and they were enroute for his estate in Ireland. I am almost led to believe that it is verilv The ladies were a Miss S. who had been visiting friends in America and was then so. returning to her home in Scarborough, to There was the young and apparently enthusiastic Baptist Minister who was bound her the good natured jolly Purser of the for a mission up the Congo river, I did not boat paid his particular addresses, and the envy him, tho' , admiring his enthusiasm and political rogue when he had a chance. Mrs. B. an ideal English woman with devotion in the cause which he had essea plump rosy cheeks and splendid "sea '"legs" poused. Next, the stately as the a captain who abstractedly paced the deck to all captain would say, picture of health appearance but who nevertheless seemingly lost in meditation; We learned posed as an invalid and was takiner the that his shin hnc hrpn rorWrt Vrr li ih T1 aud hef , Pacific ocean, his crew lost, while he himself Tyage o isie, barely escaped in a life boat to; an island, ncy tempereu nuie uaugnter once in awmie. wherehe was forced to remain 1tkP TJhWffr Miss E. a vouncr German eirl from son Crusoe, tho' happily not so long, until a passing vessel should pick hint up. He New York, who had completely vcaptivatee had traveled across continent and was then the young Irish ship .doctor, whose fiamd was Fitzgerald; I found it highly amusing making his way home ward. to watch them from the corner of one eye, Then there was the traveled English as they indulged in their little tete a fetes gentleman whose roving propensities would on the deck. Beside there was the consumpnot permit him to remain contentedly at tive man whose voyage terminated in the home amid his family and friends in his : native land Jar any length of time together. , great beyond; Jbewaslowered in the mighty He was then just fresh from Mexico, and Captain Rigby, who hadn!t much to wore some odd Mexican arrangement made say to any body, and the company of Morof shell material which answered instea'd of mons consisting of five ladies and as many an overcoat. He looked ,very dignified gentlemen, .completecHthezdistBf: cabin within passengers. And doubtless our party fur too paced the deck, ever complaining of the nished as much food for reflection and cause felt the the rest of to while cold, passengers iur amusemeni 10 me otner passengers, as basked in as the warm, rays of the said they rejoice passengers furnished for us. the sun. There was also a young aud in his line, successful artist, who was returnMiss Fa'nniis Mtt cinat,' of Athens, Ga. , ing to home and mother in search of a healis writing a history of Athens during the ing balm to apply to a great wound ' lately ' ciyjt made by the one he had called wife. ,war. : Hyacinth, de-Posit- or-tw- o, ' With nothing to mark the farewell said, That gave but shadows and pain, Only a year ago. Tread softly around the new-magrave, With its buried contents deep; ' Lift not the mantles that o'er it wave, ' The long, mournful watch to keep.. . Would that my memory ceased to crave, And myheart forget to weep,-r- "t For the vanished year and all it gave, All I lost and sought to reap, Only a year ago. Alpine, Nov. . my -- ' 83 ncl ed , fr hJ&K - , 