irr t m - ,w.um.AN'S creased they would not "be put down, and so ' claimed their rights and obtained them. But women having no physical power to force their rights must obtain them by some- - other means, or be forever slaves; now-i- t is conceded by all men that as the, world increases in kuowledge that justice and intelligence are supreme in framing the laws that govern all. Then we must look to justice and reason, which plainly ask, "Why shonld not the in- - EXPONENT; settlers of this town. She lived to see a city as wives They are be chosen companions of grow up around her, while the places of those their husbands, and as mothers they -- guide .Auwnu Lu uer in youth were filled with a nd ed u ca te the chi dren w h ow i 11 fol lo w a fte r strangers. them. They are honored in their homes, To show how deceased had observed the sought after in society, and, in short, occupy a paesing away of neighbors arid friends it may place in the world not unlike our own. be mentioned that in the before the early days In tho Swedish wnmenvare leaders village of atertown boasted of a professional Mvneu society so mcnne.1, ornaments always: in politics undertaker; 'it was-the' custom of some kind jire the friends and counselors of those neighbor to prepare the bodies of the dead for - they who rule, and in thJi' hnmfvq "thev nr mina -t- erest - as much- - ntinal. Duriuierirfctm Mrs. Tvimball TIIEY ARE NOT COQULTTI3. impartiality as thc interests of jnen? this, was performed this last sad dutv unon th drat.li of first broached in the nineteenth century and frtAil Hn!Tinfi3 f U711 ami ThfVarfti - ' more than one hundred of her v UltU o iri the neighbors j since has steadily 'grown till it has become a village .of Watertown, south of tho Public discourse with grace and decision as if their political movement, and therefore a subject of Square. . importance in a discusopinious were of some ' we claim by the light M-- s. r general interestNow Intellect, good sense and graceful Kimball was the mother of five child-ren- , sion; of politcal reasoning-endorsby Justice and" twoof whom, Mr. J. C. Kimball and Mrs. dignity are their characteristics, not coquetry that individual whether male H. H. Kellogg, of this every intelligence survive her. 'She or Jove of vain display. 'Many of them are city, or female is born with an "equal right to the was a kind neighbor, a devoted mother, and an writers; indeed, very many have published a volume of some kind or other, piose or verse. protection and consideration of the law, and exemplary Christian woman. if so to secure this right every one man or women is entitled to and must have fhe franPliESS WOMEN IN THE WORLD'S WOMAN'S STATUS IN. SWEDEN, chise or privilege to vote. Now justice has giveirthis-Tighttoevery male witho'u V 'regard The Swedish girl, unlike her German cousin to creed or color. Why in the name of jnstice At the meeting of the National Federation is an individual first of all. Jler life begins under the broad banner of intelligence should she withhold the right to protect women by witli the conviction of those about her that of Women's Press Clubs in Boston, last November, Miss Mary Allen West, chairman vote, simply because we are women? No, she she is destined to be of some importance in of the woman's committee of the World's Conwill not long, she cannot. We are neither the world in which she lives, and as she lives and as she grows she learns to be and to do. gress Auxiliary on Weeklies and Magazines, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, or Criminals, but presented an outline of its plans and work Jlothera of the nations of h, . rockTIER EDUCATION. r U anchrequested the cooperation of the press woThe education of tho Swedish girl is similar men present. These plans have been formu ing, the cradles, that rule the states, we say give us our rights and liberty the right of to that of her brothers, and if she choose she lated and publistied in a circular, from which suffrage the same as enjoyed by the sons' we can take an' academic course., we quote: """" rear for our country's good. The schools, which are under Government In the comprehensive plan of tho World's supervision, supply. not only "good, but 'ample Congress - Auxiliary, two departments "have means of improvement, and the Swedish oeen assign! to the work ot press women, that TWO PRESENDIA KIM BALLS. woman is a cultivated., and a learned member of a Public Daily Press Congress, under the- is She of an to of interest all society. object The notice we publish below is from one of ablesUperintehdence of Miss Mary H. Krout, and this one on Weeklies and Magazines. the New York papers, and is a brief sketch who meet her and holds her place in whatbe under way. She is The weekly press comprises country newsof the life of the aunt (father's sister) of the ever discussion may is of all and woman's a possessed papers the best read aud the most thoroughly late lamented Presendia L. Kimball, and is the womanly is she but intellectual as ..believed jounialsilln.stratedJitera one for whom she was named. It. shows how accomplishments, "like 'Harper IVeefchj, religious and reform welhIisdy alrIalikria"manyTeIp of these Northern sisters, tells us that intelMagazines may be classified as journals. were, "and how; their lives run in the same i a-I is (eraryjjed ucatiojaaLphilan th ropic, scientific, ch a n nel of bene vol en t work . Pro bably n o lectual women hold higher position than them c v i ym woman in this Church has" prepared more of granted iHUClrtlj JUVCUllCj ivinj Hibtif'Vi of fashion and the and holds trades intellect sway, tlje magazines peerage, journals. This the dead for burial than Sister Presendia L. is not rigidly inclusivo nor excluwomen are treated with distinction classification able that Kimball. Ed. ; and are honored for their attainments quite sive. It is impossible to draw the lines closely DEATH OF MRS. PRESENDIA KIMBALL. where the different classes so often interlap. from any consideration of .birth. ; apart ' her home, Mrs. Presendia Kimball died-a- t the all com believe that we Someof the topjcssuggestedfor thought may If, indeed, 27 Washington st reet, las t even ing, at the ripe mentators on Sweden and its pe ple tell us, the aud discussion are: old age of 93 years, 3 months and 3 days. Swedish woman is queen of women. , I. THE WORK AND INFLUENCE OF THE , Mrs. Kimball was one of the oldest residents of 7 IIER SYSTEMATIC TRAINING. PRESS1 WOMEN.' Watertown and of Jefferson County. She was -special-attentioto the- The State-devota. Through the country family paper.1 a daughter of Wm. Huntington. Early in life of the girls and provides for such education b. On religious thought. lhewas married to Joseph Kimball, one of the trained to serve, and all intermediate pursuits c. In elevating educational ideas, and bringfirst settlers in this section, and who for twenty of work are AIL grades child-naturyears wa3 prominently identified with- - the taught. .Governesses are trained to teach, ing them into closer correspondence with business interests of Jefferson County. Joseph servants are trained to serve, and all inter(f. On reform movements, Kimball came here from the Mohawk Valley mediate to those who wish are open pursuits e. In forming literary tast3 and standbefore the war of 1 8 1 2r and during. the war: of: is thrown who the that sa to upon ards. girl learn, 1812. was an officer in the military command own resources is fully equipped for the her . In philanthropy. at Sacket's Harbor, After the war he was life. She is provided with the of battle g. As writers for children. in business at Sacket's Harbor. He work and her labor brings her of implements h. Jii household economics, in history and was a builder and contractor, and while in thi3 ' and honor respect. art. business hnilf. the hflrra fiks at Sackets. the old In the political world the Swedish woman i. Through fashion magazines, in regard to courthouse in Watertown,tbe Jefferson County takes her are her and by sought opinions part, correct taste, health and household adorn Institute, and other structures well known to the men of her family and acquaintance --As ment. t old residents. When Mr. Kimball was marthe franchise is not hers, but it is thought editors of As yet trader "j. in journals. settled ried to Presendia Huntington he who know that in thiV reform Sweden those woman's work The on by the paper may be Watertown, and it is a notable fact that the may yet lead the v.y. Her women are ripe -- its that; of ditorin policy .street -- was4her tolakehlTra place-afeNo its be she conand editorials; writing may home of both from the time they began housean educated body, and and a are or. thoughtful edit editorr contributions, keeping until their death. Mr. Kimball died al ready their counsels are fought by th e tributing seldom and fa'lws, correspondence writing thirty years ago. masculine pastore and masters. but the articles, performing original equally Mrs. Kimball was a life; long member of the " SOCIETY. 7 function the" of work T QTJEEN3T)F of weighing important First Presbyterian Church in Watertown, and is others and deciding on its merits and adaptabefore age compelled her to retire from active '; Education !s not confined to the few, but so bility. She may shape public opinion through obligatory, to a certain degree, upon all, work, was one of the most useful and energetic the land contributed articles, or keep the paper's conworkers. Many of the older people in Wafer-"- . .that the Swedish women throughout with stituency in touch with the wide world through to wri remember kind'offices performed by her are able to understand and to contend correspondence. Again, she may edit a special hi years gone by.. She lived to see most of her . "the problems of the day. T. fo their As girls they are an inspiration department, for whose' conduct 'she- - is held .reown generation pass, a way; indeed, n iuy ue r and to their friends; sponsible. said that she is' almost the last of the early brothers, to their lovers 1 - " . -- of-wo- men v . . , . ed . ; - ". wo-me- nr the-eatt- . -- -- - . J i - . e3 self-supportin- n rr. : " g. e. en-engag- ed - hie-:determin- -- ngton she-ma- y ,, -- .' " 