WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. (34 tilJITUARIKS." Gila County Arizona, Aug. 8th, 1892, of typhoid fever, Lulu Fuller, daughter of Wyllis I), and Annie Campkin- Fuller; deceased was born in Harrisburg, Washington County, Utah, June 23, 1875, she leaves behind her a father, four brothers, a sister and hosts of warm friends; while we mourn for her, we know that God lias called her home for a wise and glorious Died at-Pm- e, purpose. The" heavens are better than this earth "below They are of more account and far more dear, We will look up, for. all most sweet and fair Most pure, most excellent, is garnered there. Ellen Fuller. C. " Editor Exponent: ' Through the Alwise providence of God we have been called to mourn the loss of two more faithful sisters who belonged to our Society and Their-dea- iU were loved and jrecteiL-by-alhaTs"cast groo7iiover ouf otherwise pcacefuf settlement and caused great distress in two l . families. Sister Maria Sophia Andersen Holden, died Sept. 2nd 1892, leaving a husband and seven children. Sister Helen Gemmell Grewell, died Sept. 7th, 1892, leaving a husband and two children. The former was a teacher in our Society the latter a member and also one of the Presidents in our Primary Association. Although we sadly is feel loss "our their gain:" miss then) we Lucv E. Johnson, Pres. R. S. Sept. 20, 1S92. Sister Releka Ree, widow of Thomas Rees, died at Thurber, Wayne Co., Utah, on the, 9th of Sept. 1892,0 general jilebility.and old age Shejvas "IfdnrjanTiSio af PenTFrokesnire, South Wales. Forty six years she was a number of the Church of Latter-daofJesus-Chris- t Saints, living- an exemplary Ufe, a!wayson means, every call tint was made, charitable to tha poor, meetings when-ably always-attending-h- . In fact, we can hardly think of Anything in the line of woman's trials that she'has not tasted, and proven .herseJLwQrth.SIieJ.as.beeaJlQ.u.ns.d9.r iii" Itie R eti e f So'cTe ty of this ward since its organization, twenty years ago. Was very charitable and was especially noted ... She was the mother of sixteen children three sons and seven daughters survive, and over fifty and grandchildren and two numerous friends will miss the kind face of Grandma Rees; President Sarah G. Meeks and the sisters of the Relief Society were united in their, efforts in aid ing the bereaved daughter, Sister Thomas in pre paring the deceased for buri il. May God comfort the hearts bfthose that mourn, is the prayer v of your Sisters in the Gospel. , great-grandchildr- en -- -i- SAKAijf ""B'etsey GIeeks, Pres. S. Goodwin, Ssc. ' Utah papers please copy. " for her hospitality. Will commence her Winter Class in Obstetrics and Nursing on Monday, October 24. Address: Dr. Shipp, 18 Main S . - - TeIephone383- - Keeps on Hand , DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUIPOISE WAISTS, ETC. llrenM Maklnsr in all its branches, .Millinery, hit jit IlatH and isonnels oleniied una ritrimniedi to order, Feathers curled, etc. Stamping: dorc covered while yon wait. Uurial Suit a Specialty - IN TP I'HIST SOUTH STRIiKT, KTr Q Hi. U. UO of Theatre. .'fi.rve doors liut-ton- .s wt MRS. M. .i;. VAN, M. 1). HAS REMOVED her office, from Constitution Building to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Office hours, 2 to 4 p m B.KTHOMA r She leaves a husband (who is now in Mexico), seven children, sixteen grandchildren, two brothers, five sisters, and a host of friends to mourn her loss. 26,28, 30aud32 East 1st SotitliSt., SALT LAKE CITY Rhoana Henrie, President. Heywood, Counselor. Adelia Crosby, Cor. Sec. Mary B. Retail The Leading MISCELLANEOUS. Example is the school of mankind, and tliey wilt learn at no other. E.K.THOMAS A house without a family worship has iieitlierfoundaUft The exeat secret of success in life is to be ready when your opportunity comes. licaconsjicld. THE r: - WESTERN NOTES AND NEWS. e. -- er . country. Earl, Sec ColoniaDiaz, Mexico, I)i. Maggie C. bhipp -- -- t TVim dren, except tin eldest son, John L. who is now on a mission in Tennessee. One sister and many friends were also present. Two sisters arrived just in time for the funeral. The occasion was. mide more solemn by the death, a few hours later,-- of an infant granddaughter four months old which she was raising for a deceased daughter. The funeral took place at 10 a. m.,m the meet ing house, on the 16th inst. The services were conducted by Bishop Allen Miller, The speakers were M. M. Steele, Patriarch J. L. Heywood, and Pres. Crosby. Sister Sevy, having been born at an early day in the Church, remembered many of the trials "in cident to those days. She was one of the first settlers in Southern Utah, and, in connection with her husband, shared the trials and hardships endured "by those who settled that part of the '.K$ HT'XvRAfiWAr 1 - '" RAILWAY! The touching tribute to an old friend which was the last literary work of the be loved poet Whittier shows that the sweet faith which produced "My Psalm" illumined the closing days of his life. The woman suffragists mourn the loss of one who . ever gave them the timely word of svmmthv and in sweet Inspiration of his memory thev will be stronger for his life and work to emulate his devotion to justice and to human freedom. The death of George William Curtis removes one of the most .lovable figures in American literature and; one of, the most patriotic of American citizens. His speech , . TH R O U G HTH E . . -- , xat the. memorable Chicago convention in Editor Woman's Exponent: lh6o which nominated Abraham Lincoln It is with sad feelings . that we announce the struck the key note of his life. He said death of our beloved sister and Phebe the eentlemen of flip Malinda Seyy, daughter of John L. and Caroline have a care how they" rejected the very ; F. Skein Butler. words of oriiidependSice Deceased Was born DecTi 837, in Cald welj and faiied to enlist in the for thW Co Mo. She was biptized in 1846 by her father dom of the territories, the sacred fire of the cause ot nutnaii that had been the . ueorge vv. bevy, in bpamsh Fork. j inspiration of theliberty Fathers of thfcprmWiV -Sister Sevy, though notvan aged woman, not T, . . . .wiiyuv., leaving filled up the allotted time, passed through RflCKtHOtiNTAWsr Choice of Three 0 stirtct. Routes, AXD THE HOST MABNfFICENT RAILROAD SGEKERY Two Fast Express Trains Daily EACH WAY BETWEEN' OGDEN, SALT LAKE AND DENVER. co-labor- er, - ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR CARS! - T fig-li- t I Direct Connections made in Union Depots. : ' ' i , . many irymcettesShe was-th- e raothtTdur- teen children, seven of whom preceded her to the' grave. Her health had been poor for several weeks and, on the 14th of August iS92, after two days .intense suffering with cholera morhlihg ,1 DOCTOR MAT f I Office: .f!ice Jl Pctice H UGH ES CANNON, South, Rrst West Street. K for Disases M4n jj. in. n frnm IJT.TEE WEST. . jDu-VIO- T.2Z2B D TIN H ER S c2c CO. CAStVVATER Sl STEA M Fl T TE H & 5 he country promptly responded to. 1 A7!i!t.Ic?,3;lLXK , CIT, - 