WOMAN'S EXPONENT. The first lecture of the course we attended was of Delsarte himself, his life and work, and was one of the most interesting sketches we have ever had the pleasure of hearing. This lecture of itself would it seems to us, give any one a desire to knov more of the fine art of expression in life, and the happiness to be attained through the best and highesfdevejopment of the physical as well as the mental, moral and spiritual which is so sought after by many; how to reach this standard of excellence is just beginning to be understood by a few. Light has come into the world and is increasing, if there is any good thing or true principle that some of us have not yet reached, by all means let us avail ourselves of any opportunity to possess it that is open to us, and e make it applicable, useful and beneficial. is said to be "a cure for nervousness," then by all means American women, should make it a study; and it might add much to their power for good, and certainly to their influence at home and elsewhere. example the great work there is for women in this age of the wot Id. Our harvest is great and the laborers are few, and the returns of our toil seem slow though our faith is strong in the be- -. lief that if "we cast our bread upon the water1 alter many days it shall return7r"TJT;r We have gained a testimony for ourselves that in the performance of duty, be that duty what it is there satisfaction and may, contentment of joy, and the that of spirit, neglect duty brings the reverse.' Eight months ago we formed ourselves in a school of the "missionary sisters, eight in number-an..have since that time held regular weekly meetings, studying the principles of lhe Gospel, and other subjects pertaining to the advancement of woman. We have also observed s certain which have governed satis-- , factorily our; labors both temporally and spiritually, and each of the sisters has expressed the pleasure she takes in the performance of her labors and of the unity existing between us. On d Del-sart- iXmc by-law- -- 53 were at sea. My room companion' expressed her fears in landing saying she was once lost in this bay early in the evening and had no hopes of seeing land again, "but daylight brought to her troubled mind relief. Makeria bay is left and we reach the nearest point of Hawaii, "Mahukona," by 3 o'clock in the morning, here our patience is tried by a long stay, in the strong hot wind blowing off shore, but the sight of the domes of the three mountains, "Hualalai" "Mamakea" and "Manna Loa," together with the encircling mountains of Maui, and the island of Molokai in the distance furnish a study for the mind and relieves the . monotony. We stop at Kawaikae and Upolo, then go back on our way to Hilo. The entire scene is one of varying beauty beginning with the cane fields of Kahala which stretch their sea of green almost to the edge of the red cliffs, and here numberless spots walled in by rock fences designating a ji'iva.vuusjJwcHv-uawaiiaDranine im mense population that must h Vll llidl apparent barren land. We pass the Waimanu bluffs which extend in one long blue sweep from the inland bights until it makes its tremendous 1600 foot ' leap into the surf. At Laupahochoc the' fresh land breeze comes across the water bringing with it 'odors of ferns and woodland vegetation; here a tramway extends trom the suri abruptly to the top of the cliff on which all imports and exports are taken to the Plantation above. The village' is pretty and unlike any other we have passed in occudy- small basin between two immense mouninga tains. Two hours after leaving here we are for ' -- grrmzatrorrortne Keliet Society of this branch, a where they desire to be appreciated and under special meeting was held in which missionary sisters were selected to visit the adjacent Inlands stood, and how very often, they spcil. everything assisted by a native sister; which appointment by that nervousness that is so common in women g or as is often said, of we willingly accepted; trusting that God would make us equal to the task before us and fit the temperament; and misunderstandings arise so frequently and are attributed to being'out of sorts'!: back for the burden. Some may have doubted that if there is an art or a study that will heal or the prudence in sending women to travel unas sisted by an Elder over such roads as there are help this malady; no time should be lost in ..getting at work. "To be healthy is to be happy," is upon these Islands, but as that was out of the an old familiar saying, and much does depend question, they having been several months at upon health, and if the Delsarte methods tend to their respective fields of labor, we were willing to an improvement in :. this direction to - a fine prove that while woman is necessitated in dependphysique, the building up of the constitution, or ing upon man for much, she is not dependent for human body as a whole, then indeed should we her energy and courage. "v...vv- - ivqviii calm ster Katties Hottendorf assisted by Kealalina sea and to our joy are at ourijuuuium hail with gladness such a heaven-seboon. destination at Hilo The prolongation of human life with all one's was appointed to the Island of Kanai and sailed from Honolulu July 25th. The remainder of us faculties sound and Vond Ts nn nf tht nhifc Though it is half past 2 o'clock Thursday that this people called Latter-da- y Saints have were detained till the 9th' of August when we morning, making a thirty-si- x hour sea voyage, the boarded is clean to no there doubt Kinau for our comfortable, that achieve; correct and Lhoughstrang.?rs in a strange land we are sought The : daySvaicahtr and pre- - glad to put our feet once more on land, and our sented 1 favorable appearance for a pleasant, company three In number took a Wisdom," would do much towards accomplishspecial boat, voyage,.amf we had sailed nearly, an. hour with avLth;,Uie ing the resultsjjought for; how few comparatively were about to think we were honorably titled, to out being shore, where for a short time that to dreaded the blessing, without the effort. when escape going an there seemed to be considerably excitement malady, It is true as" Mr. Russell says, .we are not likely Officer remarked, "That little cloud yonder will among the natives over our arrival, many saying to receive benefit, without doing as well as hear- - soon make you feel more uncomfortable than you it was the first time they had seen a Missionary do now," which proved to be true, for strong Sister of our Church. Many who have attended series of lectures, winds and high swells, caused the Kinau to toss LlBBIE NOAL. herself recklessly from billow to billow, regard' lessons and talks have testified to the great adI To be continued, less of her precious freight, and we were forced, vantages thejr have derived from Mr. Russell's suggestions and instruction; and would be glad to become tributaries to the mighty Pacific. The - to avail themselves of further opportunities under SOLUTION OF THE LABOR PROBLEM sight from the ocea n; of H onol ulu to Diamond-hea- d as the land fades in the distance to be seen histeaching. He goes to San Francisco from here and will be given a reception by the Century once is always to be remembered. The peculiar The Carnegie troubles with the laboring men Club of that City October 5th. He has letters of formation of the once active craters of "Punchhave brought the labor problem to the front in bowl" and "Diamondhead" now covered with the minds of all. The introduction to leading ladies and gentlemen only solution lies in the there that ensure for him a welcome, and with beautiful tropical vegetation surrounded by the divinely given Golden Rule "As ye would that the wealth and prestige of that great City, there, modern, improvements of civilzatibn present a men should do "to you, do ye also unto them." will be a wider opportunity for success in his This has been strikingly illustrated picture that would take space to describe. by the Our first stopping place was at Maui, and we millionaire merchant profession, yet we doubt if there w ill be a higher prince and Evangelist Mr -apprecjatiou- oiT ms r taien is anu ms wor k n rouse ourselves to see where we are, and there wianes in. crittenton, who has taken, into is Lahaina sleeping in the shadow of her mighty Delsarte. partnership five of the heads of, departments m mountain. The white caps of the rolling, deep. New York proflashed back the light of the full clear moon. nounced the New York by Times "probably the WOMAN'S WORK ON THE SANDWICH had a tropical langour, the boats are largest in the. world.'f--Th- e air The New York: "press is7 ISLANDS., lowered mid confusion and " splashing of oars, to full of praise for this notable deed. The New Here we" Pfrhaps nmfi who have an idea that the . mis Jake:; passengers andireight-shore.are surprised in meeting with Brother Duffin who was simply the sionary sisters of these Islands have one conreorganization of the house of Charles N. Crittenton as an incorporated comtinual summer's holiday in "Gathering up the had come aboard to meet his wife and accom " pany her to her place of appointment, they de7 77 shells from the sea shore, " and" in searching ...... 7 pany." t cided to go over to the next bay, about fifteen As a matter" of fact it was a pretty ferns from the ; Gulches, and gathering voluntary suras cannot be horses, obtained miles, and for themselves for here kinds render by M r. Crittenton Tof a considerable incuriosities of different traveling. So it is up anchor and away through terest in his very prosperous business to their dear friends at home," may be interestedjn five of the moonlight over the rolling deep to Maalaca our his timeTand do old we how spend employes. learning just Many employers have bay where we bid "Aloha nui" to Brother and one means or another of making their adopted what our object in view is. Then if any of us reemployes turn - not as well supplied with the above men. Sister Duffin, and Napohuelua her assistant, and sharers in the profits of their business and thereby tioned desirables, be not disappointed dear then on to Makena where the surf breaks on securing their hearty But the friends. : For we realize that there is much to be batren rocks under the great dome of "Haleaka- - voluntary transfer by a man of large means of a done here among the women, of this nation and la," here the channel had the appearance of a end we"ar etr yth' tc&rtfthcKy bcih hy p? wuuuui me payment ot a penny, is unique. fine-strun- high-strun- ; -- nt JJ. -- - 1 - . , on. 