WOMAN'S A LADY. I ANOTHER know a lady in this land, EXPONENT. WOMAN'S-ANSWE- 09 delicacy of women. 1 hey are totally inconsistent also with the honor and honesty of men. R. . D EAR-E- d .J??2?.Ei?LChiM5ei4a.ia.Jier hand; But in her heart does she carry a thought .' Of her Chinese sister, who carefully wrought "'" The dainty, delicate, silken toy . For her to admire and to enjoy. - - ITO Rl ; - " -- We- pro pose when woman suffrage is established, if not before, to put an end to these things. 1 should not like to have any lady of my household jostled by the rough crowd in the criminal parts of a great city, or cast her vote- thrniirrh a fihnftpr nf a Iippt jihnn. T An' not think that I oupht to be asked or come pelled to be exposed to thing myself. not-seI can we can not easily why change all these .things, where they exisMa that a woman cau go to as comfortand she ably goes to church. agreeablyas Tho Australian ballot, where it has been introduced, has gone far to accomplish all this already. But! believe that the Republic will, never reach the lofty ide-- of the conception of our fathers; it will never attain the high moral : Noting YOU Wish to lipnr ntl.Pr those articles on thp ..v W wiuuu i;itiiinj;r; ij ur? null givenin the Exponent of Nov. lotb.I will give my opinion a3 it occurred or rather, was presented to my mind, but think probably before this you hare heard from those who are .better able to treat upon this toHmo Interest nip subjects 1 was proud to hear .from such- an observer as D. P. Felt, upon' this question and consider his ideas very pood treating upon Mother's sphere and her ability, to do good, and her right to stand side by side with her husband in all that pertains to "theirs and. their children's .welfare, and I say children's children and humanity jrenerallv: and she should have a voice in making, the laws that are to govern her and her family and to be privileged to cast her vote for the President ... , This lady has on her parlor floor A lovely rug, from Syrian shore; .... Its figures are woven with curious art; 1 wish that my lady had in her heart One thought of love for those foreign homes Where the light of the Gospel never comes. the-sam- e - To shie!d my lady from chilling draft Is a Japanese screen of curious craft; She takes the comfort its presence gives, But in her heart, not orfe thought lives, Not even one little thought - ah me! For the comfortless homes that lie over the sea. God-give- My lady in, gown pf sHkjsrrayed; j- :: The fabric soft was in India Will she think of the country whence it came? Will she make an offering in His Name? , To send the perfect, heavenly dress, The mantle of Christ s own righteousness? To those who are poor and sad and forlorn, To those that know not that Christ is born? Woman 's Work forW'oman. raade,. the-poll- s -- n .. flllfllltVj which - - - . will 'capable of exerting great, good, we can see what she has done, is doing, and is likely to do. THEN AND NOW. differ a little from D. P. F. in thinking that woman has not already laid a good foundation for the emancipation of ber sex. it may not be ofs.uch mjyprQpnrtioiisas we are sanguine it will attain to, but it is nevertheless constructed, and upon a firm basis; for are we not liviugin a dispensation of the fulness of times when God has revealed himself and all that was lost is being restored, on reliable ground? did not the Prophet Joseph turn the key showing wherein woman can be exalted with her husband and work just as ' f I II' Mm ru.vi:iu"i i " . .uuw, inrtKc pitiurcb more complete. May be we hide these fancy sketches fair, From other eyes in the securest place; And all thewhib & smiling face we wear,w:-- ' w That e'en our friends, a vestige may not trace Of that we hold so sacred and apart, Entwined within theJendrHsj)fJhe taart- . it may be more of sorrow, than of bliss. No matter, 'tis a link in love's dear chain, A 'part and parcel" of that happiness Which often comes through the severest pain. We know perhaps, how years have sanctified The secret which so jealously we hide. . intelligently? Not wishing to. trespass too much upon the columns of our paper--1 will briefly refer to the communication of Mrs. Etta L. Gilchrist, j&iph. plam achieved by the united effort of wromen in this the nineteenth century; see' if a pretty solid foundation has not already been established -- Perchance it Would be well to illustrate Some of these histories at the present time; I do not know why one should hesitate, As old things now are reckoned' half sublime.' But if we tell old stories o'er again; Retouch them carefully with modem penj l -- Yes, there are many critics now-a-day- s, Who pick in pieces what they could not do, And seldom volunteer a word ofupraise, E'en though the work is beautiful and true.' One need be brave, if he would truth rehearse, A real story, polished up in verse. , Sure I've been wand'ring if I did not dream, Over the hills, and very far away; And I'm afraid its not a fitting theme I've chosen for the happy New Year's day; ror l ve been thinking of deserted calls,-. With faded garlands hanging on the walls. -- - Well, let us welcome in ' the glad New Year." For there is much to make it bright and gay, And banish from us every doubt and fear, And live within the present; just And like the modest lilies, take no thought . . W iih what the uncertain Juture may be fraught. . to-day- ," - E. B. W. I A, 1 1 w ... lesson as their fathers ... ...... . . -- '' ' , . brother willony takeher Jby;theJiand where to plant her footprints. ; The work has beguirand in an enlightened age; that is to revolutionize the world- - and contempary mankind; man is not without the woman nor the woman the man in the Lord. methinksT'm dreaming when I say, many years, and oh, so long ago! It only seems to me but yesterday, r And yet, 'tis longer far, I can but know. For many dim old pictures do I find Historic relics, crowded in my mind."" 'StJ)'s all the fair young planet in her hands." tt ...HII..A. I I. 4 . . II . I . . . . learned it at their mother's knee. No nation, bouse- no citv. ' . : t ' no. now ever took a Joitv n ae. where the inflii. hmc&iitOWSIFHl HpitoFiusni re'i t" with :rth c . towardsrieeinf h roi c temper. Ji u t th is lufl umice can on ly be benighted ages, and placing her where her exerted by woman to 'its fullest .extent when light can shine; the main branches fruitful she shares tho responsibility, arid takes-he- r With leaves opening in various fields and avoproper and fair part in the conductM)f the cations for ber further advancement; the read.' fcstate which she is to influence. ing and cultured woman knows her proper place by intuition and natural instinct; it her she-kno- But. ah, 1.1 - . . mm V-- men twmiiuuiu an ucr lun rnnre 10 wnat ever of glory or honor shall be found in our story. ihe moral. , temjjeranuuit, which de- termines permanently the history of any com munity, is given to it by its women. Whether it be trueas physiologists tell us, that as a rule ihe mental and "moral qualities of children come trom the mother and. the physical only from the father.it is at least true that children learn to follow wiiat is excellent .'in1'. the example of their fathers from the teaching of their mothers. If our children in future genenlfTons are to imitate whatever there has been of heroism in their ancesUrs;, if they are to love their countrv: if thev are to be brave. j j 1 , On holidays and such like festive times, We gather up the shreds of other years, And sometimes weave them into dainty rhymes, Albeit dotted, not with ink, hut tears; For we recall the bitter and the sweet - iia ulromrlli rttnl. ifa ay ftlilruf I ... V. 4 . who - I -' safety, until that quality shall "be given to ft of woman, cho by the help and if .oiJb&ji&tion-whos- e- --- ws L. CO., W. S. A. S. The Halt Lake Co. W- S. A. convened in the 13th Ward Assembly Rooms on I'lMedayj Ttec, 15, lftDl. Pres. Klizabeth Howard in Notice what has been accomplished by women the chair. The first exercise was a song read in the United States; and elsewhere, and you by the 'President. Prayer was ofltrre by A Mflrv been I E. done without a 'Pnmmcnlii ihn Vmciitn. - Frvinp. cannot convince me it ha3 v uvM vg uu .uv WHclIlu r' ' tion by Elizabeth Price. ' V foundation, read the statistics n Mrs. GilAdella h,ardley was elected becy. pro Uera. christ's article and find that a firm foundation . Howard made some Pres. is laid and the structure surely being erected interesting remarks on the Constitution, thought we should t h at other genera 1 io ns can ad d to a n d s u bs t a n tiate, that wilt reflect credit upon this our age; teach our sols to be honest, honor'we are to go on to perfection, laying one. stone' able men, and educate our girls in the same MndA; further rpmsiirlra i rT r tirrrt tn upon another until the perfect day; hoping to manner. ... ; i. hear from others upon this important and , -r ladies did not attend. never to be lessened prcyect. nf- ttiO mooflnrf tctara ifiniltpa (linn . . v nrowlnna Your Sister in the Gospel, v. . . 1.44V. H if v ' - wsj ui ' ' M. A. TV read, and with one arnendraeit approved. Maggie Basset t then favored the assembly Provo, Dec 7th, 1891. ; with a song. 'Reading from Robert's Rules of Order by Maggie Bassett, Puliticai clippings SENATOR HOAR ON WOMAN , by Adella Eardley. SUFFRAGE. CTSpeecl"liy"Nellie - Taylor, upon the order and system whicb govern our meetings, and But it is said. that our election processes are the great need of woman uplifting and "sus-- unfit for. her partaking. I suppose that is taining woman. Phocbjei OL You ng "gave a short address. largely true. I suppose the viohnce or the Pres. Howard made a few closing remarks. of. this country" and vvhich have their allies and Meeting adjourned until! the third Tuesday in apologists in other parts of the country, are Jan. at the same hour and placetotally inconsistent with the purity and th - - -- ill. 1 " -- - r hadowbich-prevaii'iii7"Br)merpar"t- 8. - - ; 