EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 80 dening almost sickening depression of our departure was intensified by evening's deepening gloom. Dusky shadows crept closely upon us, enveloping with sombre mantle the forms of our .But electric ere long the brilliant light sent forth its cheering rays and we endeavored to collect, our. thoughts while the brain kept time to the monotone ofUiuman voices, and the grinding of iron wheels; occasionally we were started from our reverie by. 'the shrill voice oi me iron norse as it gaiiopeu nerce-l- y along through hamlet and City, over .valley and plain now toiling up the moun tain side and again winding through the canyon eonreloner after we were snugly 1 At- .- JJJ .4 4 IUCK.CU 111 UUI UC1U1S U1U lilt: IClIipUSlUUUS whirlings of the brain endeavor to keep pace with the swiftly moving train. At last weary nature founc repose we slept till the morning dawned, and as we looked from our windows, what a transition. No lontrer could we behold the fertile fields andwaving trees of the land of our choice vuijf uaiuu Jains anu. piuiiiD niui an casional glimpse, of a railroad town to break the monotony. As we gaze we retrospect and remember that travelers in this region did not have even these oaseses to greet them . fellow-passenger- s. .. ture; and now we have added to these won- ' ders, the marvelous' 'World's Fair Building; ' The average human mind stands in awe while contemplating these vast piles of wood, stone and mortar arranged in rugged "and still symmetrical forms. Truly a study for the most aesthetic soul. ' hear a scriptorial chapter every morning. The. remainder of the buildiucT is divided in.. . r to numerous rooms ior ciahs exercise principally for literary work, and even the enumeration of the various branches taught there, might be Wearisome so we forbear. The medical building also bears the traces of time a rather unpretentious building of itself though a number of large Corinthian pillars in the front give it an air of import- 1 . Those who have visited Chicatro need no of the .crowded thoroughfares description ' : . ' - c i i il. . ana me uirongs oicrusning,nurryingiiumau-ity' In being transferred fromithe JC. and A."icftEe Chicago and Great Western, pur plane in iti facilities for medical knowledge, driver in his desire to gam time,attempted to manv of the professors ha vincf world-wid- e cet ahead of other teams; this a sad mistake for himself and passengers, as leacumg, auu m uuuinun iu mcsc uiipui uint well as the long: train of vehicles following:: requisities they are perfect gentlemen showfor forty-fiv- e minutes we were blockaded ing the most perfect courtesy and considerand could not move an inch in either ation to women giving the same oppordirection with this condition at the present tunities to both sexes equally; but this is a time under ordinary circumstances, what subject we wish to discuss in a future letter, can we expect a few months hence when so we will pass on to the consideration of the great tide of hnmanity from all parts.pl thejvariousi halls - of learning-.- - There afel the. world turn their faces tqwafd special -- buildingsfor"pfacticaITArratomy After a half'day pleasantly employed Chemistry, Civil Engineering, a magnifiinsight-seeinwe board the train, once cent Museum and a erand old library. These are all of more modem architecture more, this time .for our final destination. The suburbs of Chicago are no less inter- and finishing, the latter particularly being a source of great convenience to students in esting than the quiet interior. The com. r,. iu ann modious j uucnu, il uciug ncc green lanes, smooth mc vaiiuus ucpm in their methinks I see boulevards, and 'passing- a little farther' on. every day in the week except Sunday of : even now the old covered wagons ' with one Lake Michigan dashing high' against the course, and containing extensively ancient two or perhaps three yoke of oxen and their shores, the white spray at times coming so and modern literature. One pleasing faithful drivers tramping along-sid- e So ofnear that we can almost imagine we feel its feature connected therewith is the perfect e ten exhausted .and but always unmoisture on our brows. quiet and good order that is maintained by We reach Ann Arbor at 9,30 p. m. Saturcomplaining and cheerful, the good wife the hundreds of students that are constantly front end of the wagon sewsitting in the day, too late to secure 'permanent quarters so must submit to hotel fare until Monday few moments or hours as the case may be ing or knitting while several children amusea uiemseives m meir narrow nome over morning. For whatever the temptation before, between, or after classes, perhaps to the rough unbroken roads. Along the might be, or perchance even an apparent look up special points referred to, during narrow defiles up the steep mountain side necessity the erood people of this Christian the lecture or to prepare for a recitation yet and oftimes fording the deep swift runand highly intelligent little City could hot to come. Not uoon the Camous nroner . ning stream slowly tediously plodding day countenance the breaking of the Sabbath but just west across the street is a large: after day, sometimes traveling only thirty day. An example many of our home folks stone structure Newbernr Hall or the School miles or less from earlyf morn till close of would do well to follow. On of Music- - A ven' : wealthy lady. MrsP jJiis particu day and oftimes a ,whole week of such days lar morning as we walked forth to find some Newberry of Detroit, - bequeathed a would pass without even a glimpse of huof our Utah friends a deep sense of peaceful sum ot money for its erection and it islarge .crv man habitation. stillness seemed to prevail even the :. very tainly to her aerycredimblemd Denver is the ' a ' lor leal any::momeht, stirred and generosity. atmosphere, scarcely no sound greeted our ears save the occasionAnn Arbor may very appropriately be no time for al ringing of the college bell which strikes called a College town, for without the Uni Just before reaching Kansas City we pass not only at the hour, but the half and the versity ot Michigan it wrould be quite an through more fruitful scenes and we begin quarter. Methinks no more erorgreous scene insignificant geographical feature. The to see wherein man might make a comforcould greet the eyes than that we beheld in residences are nearly all frame "structures table livlihood by tilling the soil, and our and around the campus the sdatherW and apparently built for the accommodation tired eyes are rested by sight of bountiful places of the numerous brain workers of of student crops of corn and trees loaded with autumn Ann Arbor. The original plan of ber of suites, a nice large study room, and a fruits. In Kansas City we find, that me grounds 13 at once interesting, ingenious, or alcove .separated by heavy rush and bustle with perhaps on and beautiful. ' Asphaltum walks, smooth vv..uiv vunaiuo ciiiia ucany CVCI V llUIUC VUU this occasion a little additional, for the City green lawns, and shade trees of great enter shows stately much taste and skill in the wo is astir with recent Fair matters. One the latter the venerableness variety showing manly art of home decoration And here rather amusing incident that seemed to be ot time, and at present we might fancy the it seems to me the housewife's duties are attracting considerable attention was an touch of fairy fingers or might it not be xejduced do' ybtt immense ox hitched to a cart; the animal the40UH ottoamimumverylrareiy tor what other Artist divinity have to step on the ground, for board or of many "color-- l could wearing a fancy head-dres- s these varied artistic and give colorings asphaltum, walks extend around every block ed ribbons and driven by a grey haired ux uie luxuriant iuuumtmun. oxiauiua and I don, t think I have seen mud or dust v negro. the maple predominates and its bright Here too we see forcible examples of the yellow and crimson leaves with n Wt-ing and dusting a week is sufficient to keeo marvelous power of electricity as wre see groundof dark and here and there rooms heat and tidy. evergreen, the cars glide- - so gently, and without any the chestnut of lighter green and brown, There are some fine buildings on Main perceptible effort up the; steepest hillside. makesa picture on our mental vision never Street the business part of the City especial- After a short rest and with replenished lunch to be forgotten. baskets ve are once more aboard the train SjCourtjlDJUsenthe the other day, we listened to a Democittc: on to and rushing the nextzimportaht land" three square blocks and here are situ tko nfi speech from the candidate for Vice mark: of our journey the far famed Chicago! College the central figures of inter-- 1 buildings : : : v Who would think in conteuiDlatinf thk x.w. A.'btephenson. xu.a.ixx uinvciMuy ouiiamg though The weather here is simply charmlnfr-- " Mammoth City with its ; glorious monucommodious and well adapted quite for class a more dehsrhitul October could not ho xvpII ments to men's genius and industry that is gather plain arid cPmmon vprk and place, it,' so brief a time since, wasjnostiy a heap imagd,untiUhe nuve duiu a long time ago it is very comfortable without wraps, and now it of blackened Jrmnsr;ilaid low-- by the fiery luubt&tuiici Deen n iorrr surmountert hv is bright and clear, though the air k mldit dragon. One would almost think that only and ot a peculiar srrevish brown bracing. There are at present four .thousfairy fingers could in so short a space of time large hall for state occasions and popular and students remove all traces of devastation and erect lectures. registered at the University so ' There is also .1 In these collossal structures of modern architec-- where can well imagine the streets and cam-students are all invited to come and you ' a pus present lively .1 1 - g, 1. farm-home- s, ; :.t: - 'weary'-pilgrimag- foot-sor- - X X JL . " -- firsityof sight-seein- ' -- ; g. : far-fam- ed ever-pervadi- ng bed-roo- m -- 1011-ag- e; ' : ; . ww appearance during the 