WOMAN'S EXPONENT 108 , . , r- : - organization raised ,up. The programme has not yet been prepared for the celebration here in the centre Stake of Zion but will be in good time. (Meantime a Letter of Greeting has been prepared Editor. EMME USE D, WELLS, Society, Jby Jhe GeneralJ few instructions that there may and also a Published in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: special ene copy one year, fl.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No be union and a similarity in the services rendered reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, throughout the world. This seems to be in keep extra for postage oue year, 25 eta. ing with the spirit of such a momentous occasion. Advertising rates Each pouare, ten lines of nonpareil The length and breadth and vast extent of the space, one time, f 2.50; month, 83.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. work, spiritual and temporal that has been done -, Woman's ment in that higher development of character that they are desirous of reaching. It is perhaps not generally known that Pres. Joseph Smith at that early time donated to the : Society, a lot on which to build"bornes for" the homeless, and also to furnish work to those who were able to work and were out of employment he proposed deeding it to the Treasurer and her successors in office,for the use of the Society. Pres. Brigham Young when he reorganized the society nere ra tnese valleys authorized Sister EfizaK. Snow andThose associated with her to carry put the original designs as set forth by the Prophet Joseph and as recorded in the Books of the secretary that were in Sister Eliza's possession This has. heen flip pnHcavnrinf jKa v Jw w viiv have presided all along from that time until the present. And now at rthe close of the half century of labor and effort for improvement on the part of the noble women who have enrolled themselves as active memoers ot this .organization how can they prove their integrity to the cause,their grati- 10 uoa, oetter ..man to cejebrate in some wav tuae . ... . . : . . Exponent. semi-monthl- y, . r Street, second froio 10 a.m hours Business gate ' to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. ' . . Address all business caramunlcati&ns to i 'PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, J-i -Salt Lak.Citx- - Dtab- - No. 25 E.east of Deseret News Office. EXroNENT-office- ,, Houtli-Temp- le . duringlhTFa complete organization, of woman in the West of which we have any knowledge,which was effected in Nauvoo, Illinois, March' 17, 1842, cannot be estimated by any method within the reach of our finite comprehension. To be sure records have Entered at the IVst Office in Salt Luke City, Utah, as been kept in branches and in Stakes and also, a Second CIoam Matter. general record of such items as were considered Salt Lake City, Jan. 15, and Feb. i. 1892. sufficiently important. - But the best things are seldom set down in the .booksafiywherernor indeed can they be, and yet we have the assurance of our Savior that our RELIEF SOCIETY .Father in heaven takes note of all these little TO THE SISTERS OF THE things that seem so small even to us' who live THROUGHOUT THE WORLD WE UNITEDLY EXTEND upon the earth. greatest good to all concerned, this day of days, A HEARTFELT GREETING. this woman's Jubilee? been Thousands have comforted, encouraged, fed with the bread of life and ministered unto by It will be fifty years on Thursday, March 17, the sisters of the Relief Society, that would prob EDITORIAL-NOTE- S 1892, since Joseph Smith the Prophet: organized not have been thus blessed had it not been ably Divine Illinois in Relief by the Society Nauvoo; for this perfected organization, that has taught its inspiration. The suffrage leaflets issued by the S. L Co. members to search' out not only "the needy and and elected was Smith President, Emma Sister W. S. Association may be obtained free by addistressed bodily, but the sorrowing, the erring, Sarah and Sister Ann Elizabeth Sister Whifhey dressing this office, iL sufficient stamps are sent the doubting, and the tempted ones who need the M. Cleveland Counselors, Sister Eliza R. Snow, for postage.. The leaflet contains the article from of kindness and of tender solici hand Uplifting M. Phebe Sister was appointed Secretary, D. P. Fett of Provo, "A Man's Advice About tude. Wheeler, Assistant Secretary, and Sister Elvira Woman Suffrage," and the able reply by Sarah M. See that ye love one another were the words of A Cole, Treasurer; after which the ceremony of Kimball. - in Kis teachings to the people, Master Great the and Pres. ordination was performed Joseph and those who profess to be his disciples, his fol On account of unavoidable circumstances one Smith declared the Society organized. his should into lowers in put precepts practise incident being the long illness of ont of the girl This most momentous event for woman causes desire we we love to to lives. Those their honor, us to view with wonder the past, with gratitude typo's there will not be a paper for January 15, k show favorto, the present and with exceptoneissued Febuary,ir which is dated- on- more of women and do men when When this, its title page Ian. 15, and Feb. 1. Compensation it seems fitting in this our Jubilee year at the of to the who imitate Him, example they study will be made each subscriber however in another close of half a century, that the branches of this then without will.com was theysin, blameless, way, so they need have no fear of loss. Society in all. lands l should unite in celebrating and in sense better a the higher prehend charity joythis grand anoiversary Th e "Utah Woman S uffrage Songr B ul Pa the "that pub no that thinketh charity spoke of, ful yet solemn assembly and that this great lished Association the is for Ter. sale at this by the charity 'thi.t never faileth." ill,'' hh in an mark period important may gathering These are some of the simple first lessons to be office, io.cts. per copy and we would be very glad history of this organization for woman. to dispose of them to the local associations or to learned by the sisters who have united themselves INSTRUCTIONS. 1 individuals. They ought to be used in the sufx together to go on to perfection. frage meetings having been prepared and printed First: The President and Counselors of each Just how the Jubilee will be kept in all Iands.is branch are requested to notify all members of the not yet known. In places afar off the character of for that purpose, as many were at a loss for songs suitable for these occasions. Nearly all the songs the entertainments will have to be determined by Relief Society of the Jubilee., are byJiome writers and the tunes are those in Second; Let the presiding authorities in each those whaknow better than the officers here can. i. u u t t i. :i t :ui cordial-invitation common use, so that (bey can.be available to all, locality', or ward be consulted and a pubaiuiy Kuow, wiiai wmue mosi suitaDie 10 tneir extended to them. please send orders and they will be promptly feelings and most appropriate to their circum filled if accompanied with money, as the books . Third: Let Committees be appointed to assist stances. , havebeen on hand more than a year and very in making preparations for the day, and to invite One fact is pretty well established and that'is w that the Relief Society has become a power and ie have been sold, not half enough tor pay for those who are to participate in the celebration, :' the printing. wields a wonderful influence wherever, its that none may be neglected or forgotten. :, :That all meet prom bran ches are; spread .abroad. 1 1 is not- - only The book of the proceedings at the National in the morning, rendering such exercises as shall National but International" and has become con Council in Washington last winter entitled be suitable to this, important occasion, including a nected to both these great Ftderations that have "National Council of Women 1 891," is for sale at brief sketch of the history of the Relief Society held their Councils at the Capitol of the United this office and we should be very glad to have to be prepared and read .by some one selected for States. In every town and hamlet where a branch it circulated among the women interested in of the Church is raised up, a good proportion of the purpose. organized work, whether ben'evolent, social, or Fifth: At 12 o'clock m., (high noon) let all join its members are women, and very soon they are political or in any way progressive.. .The book in a universal piayer of praise and thanksgiving organized into a Relief Society and become part contains speeches and papers from some of the to God; after which let each branch arrange an and portion of the parent society and assimilate most eminent women of. the country, on many entertainment according to their""circumstances wiih it. The spirit of this Society extends to the is-- a of work thatcan that it may be a time of rejoicing never to be .for-- . most remote branch even upon the far off islauds topics advanced thought. It cannot ... of the sea, add there we find the sisters though be read, reread, studied and discussed and gotten. fail but make an impression for good, the price is Zina D. H . Young. unknowing of the methods pursued here in Zion one dollar only and the book contains 372 pages doing similar works cf charity, benevolence and Jane S. Richards and is well bound and has photogravures of kindness. The Jubilee to be celebrated this Bathsheba W. Smith. year the two boards of officers, five of each, the one wm crystaiize tne works and efforts of women elected in 1888 the other in 1891 when sending of Zion into something of greater magnitude and THE RELIEF SOCIETY JUBILEE. for book please enclose twenty cts., postage. more extensive proportions than the Society has You will get much more than the worth of your hitherto assumed. The teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith to On the 17th of March ef this year there will be money. a grand lubilee of the Relief Society held in all the Society in its infancy, should be engraven Special meetings are being held in the several countries where there has been a branch of this upon the minds of the sisters for their encourage. wards in this City for the purpose of awakening -- - -- - . ' -- -- " faith4he-futureTherefo- re -- -- - . - - 1 ' 1 -- " . ,- ' . uitfi7 , :- ' " ; te . ; ; 