WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Her much abroad I have been her said told," Ladyship "as though- inadvertently? "Yes, and nd," replied the Drl 'ho was sometimes ab?ciit for months, but never away for any great length of time' "One likes to know what sort of family one is becoming connected to, you must be aware Dr. Bland, I shall have to meet all this in society,you know besides hi father has not yet been apprised of any serious relations between the young people: he consented to let Maitland go to Italy, last' wintcrr after mu eh ;en treatyonm rvnarr soieiy 10 sausiy me concerning n.13 health. "Would you like me to speak to your husband and inform-hiwhat has already taken place, and how seriously the matter appears to mer you undertake the mission?" "I scarcely what to do his father will be offended, . know, he will say it has all come from my blind idolatry, indulging the boy in every sort of nonsense. I know how it will be 'I shall "get all the blame." "And can you not endure his reproachic-for-the-sakofm ak i ng--h appy t wo young 'innocent, beings like Miss Hilliard andyour own and only son?" father-Jive- 'If - : e- - APRIL HERALD OF SPRING. you don't publish mine ia May, it will be Loved Ones At Home," Miss Edith Midgley. Fantasia on the theme, "Gotterhatto FraDS Kaiser" by Prof. V. Clive, accompanied on the organ by Miss Belle Morris. Encore, "Then You'll Remember Me." An Address the Relief Society Organization of the 12th Ward in 1868, by Bro. E. Snelgrove. A song, "The Boys Of The Old Brigade'Lby Br. John Robinson. Encore "Rocked In The Cradle Of The Deep" A Vocal Quartette'Fairy Moon-light"- , encore, provoking!" ""Halfangrily welled up p,e tears,. do ndrdouht; dispel your fears, 11lcre lics L for.e you scares of years, Take courage little maijen!" -Years rolled around! one whole decade Merging the dimpled little maid lata ;uchar ming matron staid, V ith children round her prowipp Famous histonV - " - f.,lViU " rEyy ar.iroin,mortx5ght4ayhkkkH?'. 'Vcitl, (K ...... j , waves 01r uiirK oblivion, Sharing fate with this spring poem, Time's busy wheel its changes wrought, , v . Kingdoms arose and" fell tyaught, Fashions and Custpms7turniig thought Into new channels ever. This morn, my great grandson exclaimed "Why that was grandma's maiden name! -It is'indeed, the very same I do believe she wrote it !'' ' My pulses gave a sttdden beat, I started-fromy cushioned scat And stood upright upon my kit, Back in life's early gloamfng. By "chance, as subsequently told, Searching many volumes musty, old, " A parcel dropped, yellow as gol l, Upon the floor before him. Thinking it writing of a sage,-Hturned to .scan the title page, And soon in reading was engaged, That long neglected poem. Then by the Prophet's beard he swore. More fierce than he had done before, "This shall be no more, I've found it just in season.'1 y -Just a turn in the wheel of fate.J y O'er the world it flies ia state, Charming and fresh, strange to relate, As nature's springs returning. Thro agencies unknown before, .'Twas sent throughout the wide world o'er Echoed in song from shore to shore, h treasury Eighteen hundred and twenty-nine- , Dale quite correct, 'twas surely mine, What bliss in my old age to find, . Published; my firsLspring po.cm. " No language ever can convey The joy I feel at this late day, To read when I am old and gray, My very first spring 'poem. r r Grieva notryoungsptrants for fame, Work, wait, not seeking praise or blame, Leave all, even your much loved name, " To time that will' restore It. . if spring," And by the brook, or '' moss-gro, Fond friends, or lovers, wander near; Mellow and low the thrushes sing, .. . To usher in the new-boryear Just opening to virgin life, Unconscious of the charms concealed , The radiant bloom of Summer rife, When all earth's beauty is revealed. Oh! springtime of the heart's true love, Promise of joy and pleasure sweet, Well may the cooing of the dove Such tender wooing softly greet. 'Tis fitting time, the early Spring, ' Life's richest treasure to bestow, w -- n j : groves and woods with music ring. And. echoes answer soft and low. E. B.W. MY FIRST SPRING POEM. I ne'er can tell with what delight, Tucked up in bed by candle light, I read it ofer and o'er at night, My very first spring poem. Me'honght no mortal could refuse, That out of hundreds they would choose, . So highly.jiidJ.prizeJh.emuse, That wrought my "first spring poem. A pril Day, on my way to school : 1 1 eedless. oLwbojmight PhJ,,S-Jjiix'iEngrossed in thought, not on the rule, Twas sooth to say, my poem. The joy for me it held in store, When teachers, schoolmates reading o'er, Smiling would say, "all must adore, 7 That very sweet spring poem.' , The foreman seated in his chair, Gave a little start and bigger stare, Then struck a wondrous tragic air, As I produced the poem; Bowed low, with just the faintest smile, And said, we've quite a list on file just in style, We'll'give it place some season. This is appropriate for May, April will do, please don't delay, I ventured then and there to say, "I'm sure you'll like my poem." "No doubt, (he said with elfish grin) We'll find your poem just the thing, Yet we have so many in I'm sure you'll not mind waiting.' Quite haughtily I turned away, Yet on the threshold paused, ta .say But if we - -- find-you- rs e over-looke- d ::.:-siEb- " LUE. JUBILEE CELEBRATION. TWE1.TII WARD S. L. CITY. LDearSistsrJELLII. JYejuus: . ... The Twelth Ward Relief Society held their Jubilee entertainment on Thursday evening March 17th, in the 12th Ward Chapel, which and was beautifully decorated for the occasion, somel6vely'flowers growing in pots were placed sented bv Sister J. R. Midgley upon the table in front of the standV Assem- Mrs Julia Druce,presjding,called the Remarks-by Druce. All went , away feeling well and happy. On the next day, M arch f IS (IourJehire7 sisters and brothers, numbering about three hundred, were treated to a Jubilee Party, by the sisters ofthe Relief Society of the 12th Ward. All enjoyed themselves in the dance until 7, p. m; then they" were served with dainty and delicious refreshments, and all seemed glad to attend a Jubilee Entertainment. Julia Druce, President. -- Now April with its fresh perfume j Of fragrant air and gentle showers, Scatters away the frost and gloom , That lingers from the winter hotirs. -- Elder George G6(lanI7iwIirson'mille(l"" "Hard Times Como Again ' No More", - An Essay on Relief Society work by Sister Nellie Little. A song, "The Song That Reached My Heart Was Homo Sweet Home' by Mis Blanche Kenner. An excellent repast was provided by the sisters of the Ward, and served by our young ladies of tho -- Mutual Improvement Society. Benediction by Counselor John - TO AN UNKNOWN. --You are melancholy; and you are brooding over your own distemper, and so aggravating it 'Neither prayer or meditation will cure it. The difficulty is that you are person must bo either Every or melancholy. Every man is but a sorry object for his own contemplation. You are constructing your life on the self-centere- d.' self-centere- d self-conceit- ed Ptolemaiclheoryiyou are making - everything revolve about yourself. The glow-worand live in the - light they - produce the fire-fl- y themselves, and they are poor' creatures. 7 " Pliosphoffsce Pdk in the light of Godthat is, in the light that comes from God. The remedy for xou melancholy is to become are unhappy! What of it? There is only one question: are you useful? No? Then become useful. Set yourself, not to being happy, but to tloing other people good. Forget yourself; think of others. "Happiness is got by being forgot." Still do not forget happiness in order to get it. Simply. forget it. Live for others, not for yourself. It is of rnall consequence whether you are happy or not. It is of rajch consequence whether you arTof service In the world. Love is the cure m " God-centere- " d, . .,,,.,... .fboneianch ol- y"Look up, not down; out, not in; forward, not backward; and lend a hand." Ex. A LETTfiR FROM MISS ANTHONY. My Suffrage Nieces Now that you have voted me your president, and every one one ,will.be Vriting To jnoujrjOr,Jhajejiist earnest request to make or one and all, and choirthe song "America" was finely rendered. that is that you do not write with any of the opening Br J C. Kingsbury then made the we .pale, fluid ink, but with' a jet black ink, to God, ''Our choir give the singing; is black. I prayer, Druce called upon "start with then you'll be sure it Sister thee." to nraie use Stafford's, but if any of you can tell me announce 'the. proto K. Annie Hardy, Sister flows from the pen, I Br. J. C. Kingsbury on of a blacker ink m it Address by grammer of s the Prophet shall be glad tp use it. The Relief Society work in the days of written whether for: hand or type y, TbeBirds of Joseph Smith" Vocal.duet Wardrobe. letters, are simply atrocious. And I protest andXIara Mamie Misses by Sprint uing them for by Mrs. against our suffrage girls Recit?tion,-W- as Marrage JmIm their own eyes' sake as well a3 for those of a dear historical record of the 12th ard.io Lx Kind W ord to the Antfiony. sweet voice-- Song,"Speak a pale-fluid- to-da- . 