170 - WOMAN'S world like herself, ready to sacrifice self for thera and made them a great promise that a ckaperone; and even Miss Conway, staid and though great calamities should fall upon the practical as slfe was, loved to listen to his fine the sake of others, good and happiness. "wicked the house of Jonadab the eon of voice, and never wearied of his songi or con- Time passed, and young Clair grew every . . i 11 r .t 11snouiait not want a man to stana Deiore "versation. Tt was much better to have some day more familiar with the scenes among which .itecnao one to walk or ride or boat with them, and in his future life was to be spent; and every, one linn forever. The Latter-daSaints have especial teachings everv place and under all circumstances, young connected with the Household seemed attracted on this matter. We have in the Word of WisClair seemed to fit in admirably. In time he to him, though evidently wishing takeep him dom al?o a promise given in these last days took in the whole situation of affairs, and with Ufa distance. He took them by storm irresiat-abl- y and they looked up to him as they-hthat it we will be temperate and abstain Irom wonderful tact managed to make himself usenever done, to bis father, notwithstanding things that are hurtful, the" destroying, angel ful and needful to them all. Dr. Bland trusttheir belief that gipsy blood flowed in his veins. will pass us by, and we shall obtSiu great ed him with his attachment for Miss Conway, trt a?urs of wisdom and knowledge. I think I and so did Maitland 'Walton, and as for his Lady Anna depended upon him for amusement, as well as for an escort, and ere long confided hear a young man say, "How shall I escape sister and his cousin, he could read them alfrom this great evil of intemperance, that has most perfectly As he had no secrets of his to him her heart3 secrets. His tenderness for become so prevalent that it assails us on every "own, he was deeply interested in theirs, and her was like that one feeb for a child, and he determined she should not be thwarted in her baud?" by keeping out of the company of especially so in that of Dr. Inland and Miss ' ' desires. iuiks wno wouiu tempi U3 uuu wnusw VHtV8 Conway, knowing how deep and intense must t "Do you not know Lady "Walton?" he inlead down to death. be the devotion of such a man as the doctor. Sai l (me of our great poets: "Vjce is a monIt was not the love of a boy, but of a man of quired one day when they were talking conster of so frightful mein as to be bated, needs mature years, whose affections could not have fidentially upon the matter. ''No, I have only . but to be ein; but seen too oft, familiar with seen her once when she called on us after the been givenJi'ghtly, and who had staked all " ' "funeralrand she 13 80 -- stately and - grand; in its" lace, ire first endure, then pityr then em,in. the strength oTthis attachment In numberless ways Clair helped the young appearance, and I know so little of society, I brace," Thus we should shun the first apdare not venture to talk to her of Maitland; proach of temptation and turn our backs upon people; almost unconsciously he had the most not only be rewarded with health delicate perception of what was proper and he mu3t do that himself," replied Anna. "But," it; and we shall . i i . i i i ;i .i .n innva rrainpni inp nnn pnrrrn n nvs. nnri kmrii also of what would be agreeable, and his interrupted her brother, "he does not seem to have much success, and meantime the suspense greatest of all victories, a conquest oyer self. plans nearly always succeeded admirably. i3 preying upon your mind; let me see this Piiebe 0. Young. r'isning ana ooating parties were uis cmei superb aristocratic fine lady. I. will try to delight for pastime, and the doctor was pasIN RURAL ENGLAND. sionately fond of fishing. On the Hilliard bring about an understanding that will be permanent.", And so it was agreed after some conestate were fane ponds and brook? tor these out would consent", XIV. sports, and the young folks were not sultation1 that if cousin Jane A ff or I Vi ct rmn n rr Clair should seek- an interview with Lady slow in availing themselves of these opportun Walton. Lady Anna was not so sanguine r i ties for exercise. Such exemsions could sing and play, was fond of sketching and are always favorable, for lovers and, now . that as Clair himself appeared to be, both of them inclined to be literary in his tastes, they seemed Clair knew Maitland Walton, he wa3 generally knew so little, of such matters, and it was to forgive everything else and to cousider him one of the party on all such occasions. dangerous ground to venture on, yet unsophisone of, the family. He helped them wonderticated in the realities of these things they did At last Lady Walton consented to be intro fully in a way, not practically, but certainly duced to Clair; she had refused repeatedly, and not hesitate as wiser and more caudous people .. tral home, and though he had been more than it was hard for these young folks to comprehend would have done. Before an, hour had passed contented in his own country, yet when he why. Jane Conway knew well enough that it Jane had been informed of the decision, and r . t i i l i fondness for Sir contrary to her usual caution, had said to Clair, was on account of an "Go and try to obtain an interview, make some . Ed ward, but whoever, unless in the secret, could place which was to be his inheritance in part, excuse in regard to the estate, and you may be made to believe that a lady so refined, deli able heritage, and his aspirations were noble, cate and sensitive as Lady Walton could ever see her alone. I wish you success though in such a hazardous enterprise." The fact 'was and becoming his gtatiohjLmuch more so than have been in love with such a man, or cherishMiss Conway felt it would be a relief to ased through all these years a memory of the past, those of his father, notwithstanding the "ple certain more of Lady Walton's real feelings on that could not bestifledsufficieutlytcrallow beian blood that flowed in his veins from the friendly intercourse with his relatives. ''To the subject and was willing to risk Clair's lineage of his mother. visit thinking it could be no worse than waiting Lady- - Anna improved every day she passed, think"- Lady Walton had said on one occasion in the society of her, brother. His ideas of to an intimate friend,"to think that while we all to know all. Lr. Bland had spoken out womanliness and of things in general, were of thought Sir Edward a single man, he had a plainly and told her what her duty was, and the highest order, and his influence over4hose wife and child abroad--- 1 can scarcelyjaelieve now perhaps Clai r wo u Id learn whether she around him tended towards advancement in it is not a hideous nightmare from which I had followed the Doctors advice. 1 he same afternoon, mounted on one of the finest horses the highest cultivation. His cousin Anna had shall soon awaken to find it a dream." about the place, and looking like a true courtMrs. Walton's pride was wounded, her internever seen any one to compare with him in true view with Sir Edward had been very flattering; ier, Clair rode away watched by the admiring manliness, though in the pest society he had never mingled and scarce knew the customs -- ta think through all the long years he had not eyes of tbe two young ladies, who felt he must win theheart of Lady Walton, inexorable as . and manners of the class of people to which he forgotten her; if her married life had been unshe might be, and so it proved. happy; she could never have risen above tempreally belonged. He never cast any reflections When Clair arrived at the entrance of tation, but she had recieved admiration and upon the name of his; father, who had defraudattention almost amounting" to adu 1 at ion ; and ed him of his birthright as long as he lived leading to Walton Hail the todgekeeper 7 (and all because of a silly quarrel with his it had been a sort of balm to. her disappointsurveyed him from head to foot uriously,horse mother); he seemed to be of a forgijring and ment. Now she felt she never could mingle and all, and then as he dismounted inquired, "what can I render yeVe?' in blunt English. gentle nature, and though these beautiful and more in the society to which she had been accustomed and where could she look for relief Clair addressed him in the most suave man estimable qualities he won friends and obtainfrom ennuit She was not a woman ith ner with, "I have a message to Lady Walton ed influence, which gave Jrim prestige wherever he went, and made him a leader, aftFough he sufficient mental vigor-t- oinspire ason like and miist jee her."X''I can see ve'ze a foreign- . had not the haughty pride and bearing of m Maitland to any high pursuit, or lofty ambition, er; go up to the lane that winds between the English nobleman. His very simplicity gave and his father simply allowed him to do as he great elms and ye'il see the porter just there, peculiar charm to his manner, that made him pleased. your face'll be yer passport." Thus directed -When Maitland learned that Lady Anna had Olair werfded his way along " the path way tom re aura etive t nan t nose wnp were accustom ea 10 me elegance anuauxury or an aristocratnot been forbidden by her father's will to wards the mansion, his only misgiving being ic home. marry him, he felt encouraged; he "had not that he had no idea of the proprieties or mamere .Lady Anna andher cousin soon found that much fear of his father's interference, a he had usual on such occasions. A surly porter m the elite of the neighborhood were7 anxious to no idea of the cause of estrangement between tHeablj5way"accblted hlm"'witB7""jrouT'namejr-.".- ' cultivate their acquaintance since Clair had the families. Lady Wralton, Miss Conwav f young mant and who do you wish to see, his been introduced, for Mr. Burke, true to his ana now ur. liiana were tne only ones who Lordship or the youns: matter?" "Neither sir, week down his a came after promise, abrupt knew the history. Miss Conway realized deepmy business is with Lady Walton and it and and informed the others family departure ly the peculiar embarrassment Lidy Wraltoh most important." "Be seated then, and I will f " interested in' the matter that Monsieur would teel when it was positively known that take vour message t her vabi" Verv soon a' tMmfte-irarttl?reuchmau with a pompous air app- afeaaa must be acknowledged as his father's rightful had supposed her capable of greater sacrifices Uair, who spoke the language pertecuy heir, however reluctant the nobility might be of feeling than she seemed prepared to undertold his errand in the tongue most familiar to " anh iv receive take. Miss Con way w on d ered in" her' own' mm muuu iuuio. uiuu, wuiun The young girls were very glad to have such mind if there were no other women in the ably than ifimpressea he had spoken in English. The --- y " - &d -- -- -- -- ": -- 1- of-do-or - out-doo- . old-tim- e -- i - the-groun- ( 4 ; m - - 1 1 ds 