WOMAN'S EXPONENT. and originality of thought were her best points after all. Dr. Hughes it is "generally conceded outdid herself, she was eloquent and forcible and lack of gave her the ease to the thread of her subject, necessary keep besides she had a fine theme, and one on which there is much to be said that is entertaining. Dr. Hughes had the enthusiasm needed to carry her audience. , ; , Mrs. Horne was gracefully timid, and modestly beautiful, her paper was excellently fondly beloved not only by the parents but the whole Wells household and especially Nov. 13, for David Hoag land Cannon who died 0ct. 17. while on his mission in Gerby her Aunt Emeline (the mother's sister) many, and also for all the, Elders. vho who had been with her from her - birth, and have died while absent upon missions. whose grief seemed almost equal to" that! of The Tabernacle was beautifully draped in the little one's mother. !.,..- white suggestively emblematic of", the Little Louie as she was always called was purity of life of the young brother whose not only a very beautiful child, but body lay there in the elegant metallic casket in which his remains were brought exceedingly bright and winning in manner and was the idol of the home; but these across the sea and the continent, for interment trials and sorrows are alike the portion of beside liis mother and with the tJannou r all, and through these afflictions we learn family. , and-expressio- n self-consciousn- al-wa- con food for ;and thought. well-writtena- tainsjtnuch-informatio- nd ' 77 ys . . - higher-an- d n gain more courage by practice. She deserves the highest praise for coming out and helping the cause along, instead of making flimsy excuses as some young women do, who might use their talents in promoting the development and uplifting, not only of their own sex in various lines but of all humanity. Mrs. J. B. Thrall evidenced in her speech "lKat"sKeis a ' finished ' scholar aM7sialcer' and an ardent admirer of w6man, and she no doubt convinced her hearers that women were going to do a very great deal all along the lines of work and of thought, mentally morally and intellectually for the World's Fair. Dr. Pratt made some strong poinis in a business way for women and gave some facts concerning woman's efforts here in an organized capacity. The lady has a good ' presence, uses choice language is always sincere and is considerably accustomed ..to:7speaking71hough her many professional duties preclude her public speaking; however we hope to see her come out more often in the future than she has of late, feeling sure she can do great good. As to the musicians and singing we certainly do appreciate their efficient aid, Prof. Krouse especially, who so kindly-spe- nt ah2 afternoon of his valuable time, we' tender him here our most hearty thanks, and the young women Miss Hawley and Mrs. Thomas and GrantrHampton also who sang," created sufficient enthusiasm to assure them the audience were appreciative of their voices; the meeting would have been a failure we fear without those charminer soul- inspiring notes. In behalf of the County Association of women we thank these good people one and all, and especially the ladies who made the collection with their pretty costumes ; and dainty baskets, above all their quiet manner and amiability. better tilings. She-wil- l . , where the family and friends had gathered to pay the last tribute to the dear child; Many floral gifts were brought beautiful and sweet and all that friendship and lovecould . add. was done in tender sympathy for the stricken mourners. The day was cold and weather gloomy rendering a still more sad effect to the scene: bv a Quartette the sineine of H. consisting A J G. Whitney, John D. Spencer, Emma Py- per and Edith Knowlton, rendering pathetic hymns, was most effective. Bishop O. F. Whitney spoke a short time in his usual comforting and sympathetic manner offering such consolation as the .Gospel affords to those who are bowed down, and closed by reciting the poem ever appropriate at such a. time entitled "sometime," after singing by the quartette, Elder Rulon S. Wells thanked the friends for kindly words and deeds and dedicated the ground, then the little white casket was lowered and dust to dust, and the grave was covered with the floral tributes so emblematic of the purity of the little one whose spirit-hafled to- - brighter realms , J d So-b- y scattered ruins, By sweet links unbound, 7 By fair blossoms all unheeded ! Trampled on the ground; So, He brings them home to Hirri, Where no cloud their joy can dim." x Another little sweet angel of the household has gone from our midst to grace a far more beautiful home, and though she left aching hearts behind her here, she has. doubtless gladdened the loved ones there with her charming presence. Chill as the "One less at home! mist the thought would ' - earth-bor- n rise, And wrap our footsteps round and dim our eyes; But the bright sunbeam darteth from the skies: One more in heaven!" Another link oh hierh bur sou's to raise To home and heaven." . j ir. ; Louisa Hedges infant daughter of Will S. Hedges and Clara H Wells Hedges, was born in Salt Lake City, June 5th 1891 and died of October 14, 1 892 , aged-onyear four months and nine days. She was the only daughter and was most - pleura-pneumon- ia e the mind, and wrought ont by the hands of man, we are better prepared to understand and appreciate the greatness and power of the Almighty. ' For if puny man in his fallen state, is capable of producing such wonders, can our imaginations conceive of anything ,too prodigiously marvelous to be 'For high as accomplished by the Lord. are the heavens above the earth, so are God's ways above the ways of man." On another occasion we availed ourselves of the opportunity of mounting the Bridge at niglit; that we might obtain a gas light view of the city and harbor. There was no moon, . . but the myriads of stars shone brightly, making the h jeweled canopy o'er spreading the earth: while the innumerable lights from the city, and lights in the harbor and rivers, produced the pleasing effect of a d land. Altogether the view from this commanding position is rather more than splendid-an- d made us feel solemn en clined; and with the same impulse, we, not being capable of giving expression to our thoughts in our own language, fell back upon our poet Longfellow. In like manner we visited nearly all the places of special interest in the city: but Zamiithejmost novel was one - which - we found on "Wall" Street.: This street leads out from Broadway and is invariably associated in our minds with large fortunes lost on won, madcap speculations and reckless, ruthless, risking. After walking up the street for some little distance our attention was attracted by a peculiar buzzing sound, which we could not directly "define . No- -it was not the .wind, - it was- - not - the train coming in but after walking a little farther, and listening a little harder, we arrived at the conclusion that the noise which we heard was produced by human, voices. Yes we were nearing the Stock Exchange." nteringlie "building and ascendihe: the broad stone steps, we were shown into the visitors gallery; from which position, we could obtain a full view of what was erbinir on below. That is, we could walk around the gallery; and from ail sides view a lot of apparently crazy, though highly respectable looking men, yelling at each other, all yell- . EDITORIAL NOTES. The ladies' ; department of the World's Fair in Utah County held quite a stirring meeting in Provo.a week or So ago at which very able and eloquent speeches were made and fine music rendered. Miss Thurman we are told was glowingly eloquent, and Miss Lillian Roberts sang patriotic songs in patrioic voice and s Ml We must beg the indulgence of our readers for this once in not being able to continue the story,' 'In Rural England,'. on account of so much space being used for the Mass Meeting and other current topics. We have also other matter on hand that had to be deferred and again we have crowded out the minutes of the General Relief Society onferen . 4 'One more in heaven! Another thought to briehten cloud v da vs. 1 Continued. 1 WmiyE waiting for those who were older and less sprightly than ourselves reach us, we sat ourselves down on one of the many seats which were placed along the railing, for the convenience of weary climbers like ourselves and enjoyed axiew.of thesurround ing city, or cities. The Brooklyn Bridge is certainly a wonderful construction; and, while looking upon its huge proportions, and wonderful advantages, one is led to ex- claim in the language of the bible: "Man hath sought out many inventions. " And, after viewing, and reflecting upon the wonderful works that have been conceived in gem-inlai- ; BABY LOUISA. A TRIP TO ENGLAND. . The presence of scarletina in the house prevented the funeral being held at the residence, and on Sunday about noon the services were conducted at the cemetery, : - ' Vermont women are rejoicing over the passage of a bill in the Legislatnre giving the women of that State numicioal suf frage; the wives of the most prominent men in the State are ei vine receotions and enter- taming 1V consequence, and altogether jubilant over such a success and no wonder, indeed it is a victory considering the : conservatism of New England. Impressive memorial services were held in the Tabernacle in this City on Sunday : and-poetic- ally 