WOMAN'S" 58 visit in the country, and it will .make my life broader and better, and I trust I shall see things with a clearer vision than ever before, and I trust be of more use in the world 'than I would otherwise have been.' After having" stated these facts to her, cousin Mrs. Bland sought to help her to bring about a more settled state of affairs in the castle aud to show her the need of. firmness and dignity in the -- management 6ft: tliosein her serv ice., All this was beneficial to Lady Anna though she was not, one who could prpr it tint' rtike to do a ereat deal7 without His family were .not titled people but more of the professional struggling class his father had something oi an ; lxi, and mathematieian,and the daughter of, a ' moth-e- r clergyman who had held in various points of doctrine, and the doc- tor himself had kept outside of- all the established churches. But of both father and mother there only remained the mounds in Church yard, but there were' brothers and sisters and aunts and cousinsx and they - " attuiHiT'.to"' relatives. vr.7 , , -- own-countr- .. : ; : - y - A "... .7 "husband. Dr. Bland fully appreciated her strength - her-though- i... Hr-m- id - everything their owir home-ar- id AAtll4U1VA those in its vicinity.. ts " WOMAN'S " cockpteaercDelMrt r perfectly natural style. The. first rendered was entitled "Woman's Power," then came the Tfain',, humorous, followed by the "Negro Mammy Putting Baby to Sleep." She was heartily applauded by the appreciative audience. Music' came nextr rendered7- bHugh Dougall accompanied by Kr. Merrill. Altogether the reception was a perfect success in social enjoyment and the hostess, Mrs. Beatie assisted by Mrs. Groesbeck, did the honors in that easy, graceful manner that made all leel at home with each other. : . 1 ; . yo11 - 4 ,v SUFFRAGE Wo-jna- us Suffrage Association was held Oct. 5th, in tlie Fourteenth Ward assembly rooms, Sarah M. Kimball presided. The meeting was opened by the chaplain, Dr. E. -S. Barney., The minutes of the previous session were read and accepted. The treasurer's report was read and approved. . " T: The 7 following Territorial officers ...were, " ' MTlmOirpresident; E. S. Richards, first vice president; Ann Groes-- . lieck, second vice president; C. E. Dye, third vice president; -- Nellie Little, Sec. Julia Taylor, Cor. Sec. Ruth M. Fox, Treas. E. B7 Wells, Ch. of Pub. Com:, with L. G. Richards and R. B Pratt members of that - " re-elect- S t- "Jv ed corarmee;777Yr Cora . , f May : Women have had equal rights with regard to property from time immemorial, among theasqueslhe Europe, whose Country is situated in the north of Spain along the coast of the Bay " of Biscay. " .. r Talmage, iarpiretl Caine :FhzatetlL7NcCuner Lydia-Pier- ce and"Em-- " ma iMncli members. : vSarah M. Kimball, having been appointed ucicute 10 me woman's Convention at the World's Fair, was sustained by the ladies present. The board of Lady Managers " . :. - ,? - Utah,rche; ties were reported by their delegates Celestia Reese of Box Elder was also present. Afternoon at 2 p. m. a Territorial Convention was held in the same place and largely attended. Sarah M. Kimball nrp. auisueua v . csmitn opened the : . j... .. ........,.. is con tern-- 1 Rand-McNaU- t ... plating bringing out for the Worlds Pnir an encyclopedia of dliCr organizations cbh- - aucteaoy women, not only in the United States,but the world.They-.arevery--a'niou to secure a full and correct list. Will the president of every such orgaiiization send to us at once, the name and address of the organization that she represents? ... Send to Helen M.' Barker, 409 y ) : Building, Chicago, Illinois. By ordej of President of the Board of x- ; 4 ' . jaorecLxne company with aau selections in her truly artistic, eloq uent and - An executive session of the Utah ; euests benah' to arrive. About fifn lzAi. assembled and spent a most delightful even ing. Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, territorial president of the Utah W. S. A. , Mrs. Emily S. Richards, lady president --lUtah World's Fair Commission, Mrs. Electa Bullock, president Utah County W. S. A., Mrs. Lucy A. Clark, president Davis County W. S. A., Miss Celestia Reese, delegate from Box Elder County W. S. A., Mrs. Hannah Lapish , president Americarf Fork" Wr STAT" liss Lizzie Smith, president Kaysville W. S. A., 'with many: other prominent ladies interested in woman's advancement, were present. Delicious refreshments were served to the guests in the'spacious dining hall, the table MnS profuselyl decorated, .withi beautiful; autumn Sowers, the suffrage yellow predominating. Many of the ladies wore their suffrage badges. Miss Maude Mav BnTu , ; 7 wereM prosjered "" Uf; of 'this City gave a reception at her residence on West l em- pie Oct. 5th in honor of the delegates to tne ier. w. b. A. convention held in this city. Her handsome parlors sooirsettledtu Mrs"-Bland'vere' KIvCEPTIOX, DJU-ICilTF- .Mrs. Phcebe Y. Beatie : of mind and superior intellect and he had the experience that comes with years, and the liberal profession and large practice of a thoroughly educated physidan.PossiblyI had h is" wife; "never " met ' Mr7Ha1rrison'' she might have given herself more fully to his interests, but as it was she-dinot look-bejwm, cvtujii us iuc jxuiar uream sne naa; into whatever .plan's she made. After some weeks spent in the country places among relatives and friends the newly married couple returned to the home which had been so carefully remodeled'. The family at HiUiard Castle were aiixious-l- y looking forward to their, arrival and Lady Anna was in great trouble - with. her. household affairs and much in need of sound advice. Like many young housekeepers Anna Hilliard had .betrayed Jier ig-- :. iiorance Dfrmairagemerif t establishment and had dismissed one after another of those .'employed- - until scarcely o n e r e m aj n e d o been trained by her cousin: her first greeting on the arrival of Mrs. Bland was, "Cousin Jane there never was such totally unmanageable toXrvantsasJ;..im':e at the house; everything goes wrong and ' I must have some reliable woman to oversee the ; place or .Mrs. Burke will soon :take entire. cpntrol. aud put me "I am very sorry but until I see how I ;.uwuc juwn anairs,?. l cannot think- of making juggestioiis to ouafter-tha- f we will see what can be done.' r '; Haven' t .you' seen some one in the' country suitable for. such' a vpoiitioivIeliT of messages, aiullL simpoed you would think it important in view of my ignorance of all such things " -'The people I saw were as independent of I .we are cousin Anna, and &uul UI I assure you that I have learned some useful almost invaluable lesions diiri-- T very A with them, but things were not to remain so tranquil for ver' long,and Within a short time many events occurred that could not have been anticipated unless by. the spirit of prophecy. M rs." Bland felt by a remarkable intuition that they were soon to leave their native land yet what was to bring it, about she knew not. Lady Anna was preparing for her marriage and Iady Wralton was al- most constantly with her helping with suggestions ana aavice sucn as every young girl needs who has no mother to watch over her, and both Maitland and Anna were as happy in the prospect of the union as possible; the father liad reluctantly consented though he had had several serious quarrels with his wife, and at one time threatened to disinherit respect for his feelings than to marry into the family of one wdio had been his sworn enemy to the day of his death. A .ilood of in such complete ignorance. We are often led by an unseen guide into the ways tliat seemed marked out for our destiny we know not why. or wherefore, but in the sequel we learn it was to give us experience or to prepare us for an unknown future. So itseemed with Jane Conway now. Mrs. Bland, though her individuality wras too pronounced ever to be merged into that of any man however strong the char- - erent love she might cherish for him as a - . -- . "Stanccsaudfeeling , S.M. Kimball, M.jL Horne Ada Jp. Cannon, Sec'y, . strong .arm to lean upon. .tier cousin knew this! aud she could see how weak in any such capacity Maitland Walton would be, and it made her feel that she must do whatever she could for her protection. In after years Lady Anna found' how much she owed to her cousin's wise training and straightforward example. T . A. . , and other ladies present. ' v -- 1 .K..JL--Wells- -- Much as Jane Conway had dreaded the marriage beforehand she enjoyed her honeymoon as well as many who anticipate such, great happiness, and acknowledged to herself, that she was greatly favored to ... i .. i.- - uc i learn iiave such ime- - enjoy memt anuj iv i... homes of and real lives so of much the ing her neapKrof whose'cireum- 1 meeting with prayer. Miss Maude Pratt favored those present with a song entitled, "Thinking." The name$of the officers elected at the executive session were sustained by the'eonvention. Letters were read from Cor. Sec. of Nat. W. S. A. and Nat. Council of Women in relation to the World's Fair. Addresses were given by K. S. Richards, ubstantiaUiclfMn-th- e "ielciiul " ' . as-tromo- hi$ EXPONENT. Bertha M. II. PAlmcr. 