'WOMAN'S EXPONENT. tion, bushels and bushels.1, The Lord sent the remain in Nauvoo till the Temple was com I cmAfiW tilt, A nn1 monw P na vnnnlrraA nli f quails to devour' them and thus we were saved ' ments in that House of the 'Lord, j Soon after from starvation. In the spring of 1849 many of the people this the people wre driven from their homes in the middle of winter during heavy snow left tfie Fort where'we first located and moved to their city lots. Daring the next few years storms and severe frost.' I with my family crossed the Mississipi river in the month of our numbers rapidly increased, and many then found February 18iG, and camped with the Saints poor saints gathered. Pres. Young on Sugar Creek. -- Aftef that the .river, froze it advisable to again organize a Relief Society. ..... ,1 . "vi i. You have heard a sketch read this morning over anr i otner companies crosseu on uic in Early irrthe Spring we commenced our, weary of the organization of the Relief Society I had journey through mud and storm to find a home this city both before and after the move, the honor of beiog chosen as .First Counselor among the savages in "the Rocky Mountains. When wo arrived at Council Bluffs a call was to. oil r 'President Phebe Woodruff, and Sister made upon Pre3. Young by the Government Southworth as Second Counselor, in the first u organization of the society in the Fourteenth uieu w lornve nunureu oi our to the Mexican war, which prevented us from Ward, where we worked faithfully for' the recontinuing our journey and,necessitated our lief of the'poor, and mademany useful ai tides of clothing which were given to the poor to going into Winter Quarters, where we were them comfortable for their journey during seriously amictcu wim mat urtauiui uiseas - make orMove. We were in the same -- scu r vy r the In June. -- 18 17,. the a'ml3wr ganized into companies to follow the Pioneers, ward by Bishop Hoagland in the year 1867, and I wa3 with the first company that left "with myself as President, and Sisters Wilmirth Winter Quarters. The trials, hardships arid East and Susan B. Wilkinson as counselors. The various branches of the Society have privations that the people of God endured on that long and weary journey were great and been in good working order from that day till the present, and their labors and the good can only be understood by those who ex' that has been done cannot be written, and are perienced them. Children were born on the- way before we only known by our Father in heaven. Inthe year 1877 the Relief Society wa3 orreached Council Bluffs, myself giving birth to a daughter at Pisgah, the company started, ganized in a Stake capacity, and I was selected to fill the office of President of the Salt Lake forward oh the third day alter. When our pilgrimage was ovef wTe found Stake, with Sisters Elmina S. Taylor and ourselves in a barren wTaste, inhabited by Sarepta Hey wood as Counselors, Elizabeth mith Treas. Sister Indians. But we were glad to find a resting Howard Se8., and B. W place where- - we could worship God without Hey wood discharged faithfully the duties of until herdeath,when Sister Helen M. fearing our enemies were coming upon us. The here-nice weather was favorable for building, and the .Whitney was erected to fill the vacancy. The officers were set apart by Pres. Angus M. brethren immediately began to saw logs ana erect small log houses, into which many of us Cannon and Counselors. The first Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of this Stake moved without having either doors windows or was held in March, 1878, and have been held floors. , retufaT .Here again there were many difficulties to I have been a worker in the Society from the overcome. The ground was full of snakes which used to crawl' around our houses, but first, -- and have rejoiced --in the- - work- - we were these were soon killed or frightened away. The alTeirupbn" to" perform in looking after the timber was sj full of bugs that it was years bepoor, comforting the sick, watching by their bedsides and preparing proper clothing for fore they were entirely subdued. The mice alr-them when they passed away. A great mauy were very numerous, runuiug over us by " of our brethren and sisters have been respectday apd by night, and destroying considerable clothing, etc-- which caused great, incon-- . ably clothed for burial by the members of thi3 veiiience and trouble. We were also obliged society. Thousands of dollars have been collected and given to the poor, besides reto live on short ration?, digging roots to add to our store, in order to make our supplies sponding to other calls that have been made upon us. Pres., You ng tadvisedMhfc .sisters to something could.be aUed for food. During that winter mauy of the Mormon "build bouses in which to hold meetings and Battalion arrived, and we were under the perform their labors Many branches have also and built granaries done this, of sharing pur.food with them. .We to witn their a dish a could put a little grease into wheat, according to the counsel' of rag store President Young, who was always interested in it to make a light, and parch a little wheat to make our coffee, but when it came to making in the advancement and progress of the sisters. In 1870 Pres. Young called me to fill an soap" we were put to our "wits' end to get material to make enough to do our washing. I important nome mission tnat ot organizing succeed. But the sisters into what was then called the Recan hardly tell today how blej-seand us with the Lord opened our way trenchment Association, its object being to and thankful hearts. cheerful, contented spirits lighten the labors of the women and give them I well remember the first harvest home we more time to devote to mental and spiritual celebrated. Apostles Parley P. Pratt and culture. It was some time before I could gain John Taylor called upon the sisters to prepare sufficient courage to perform this labor, but Sister Snow urged me to do my duty, so with a tea's t. They prepared what food they could from their meagre store and set a long table fear and trembling I endeavored to do so. In in the Fort. Although the food was plain and the spring I invited about twelve presidents of donea in r "humble was "branchts" of the" Relief Society to meet with me way ,our everything hearts (lowed with thanksgiving to our in my own house. Ihey were all willing to Heavenly Father for the blessings conferred help in the work. We appointed a meeting in upon us. Our table decorations' were sheaves the Fifteenth Ward Hall and had a good" of wheat and , other things that had. been meeting. . It was then that a committee of raised. . Although the crops were light we had three ladies, viz:, Mrs. Amelia Folsom Young, some" and last another m to to. Bathsheba W. S.oith and Sarah M. Kimball, year, enough sister and that brethren our came to were spare appointed to wait upon Acting Governor the following year, Mann and thank him for signing the bill givThe second year of our being in the, vallev ing the elective franchise to women. Fiom the crickets th reatened - to destroy . our crops; that meetbg we adjourned- - e Fourteenth-War- d children had to women and men, fighf them, Hall where an organization was effected into the ditches driven were of water many with M. Isabella Home as President,, and and were piled where' there was any obstruc- - I Eliza R. Snow, Zina D. H.' Young, Margaret T. Smoot,. Phebe Woodruff, Bathsheba W. Smith and,' Sarah M. Kimball as her Coun vi . selors. ; v After Sister Smoot .moved to Provo, Sister Howard was chosen to fill her place and after Sister Woodruff passed away Sister Minerva W. Snow was chosen to fill the vacancy; since the death of Sister Eliza R Snow, Sisters Elizabeth T. Webb and Elizabeth Stevenson have been added to our number Meetings have been held sin ce th at time,- - a ndjnuch good i n s tru c tion has been given,-- and - many-of-thaisters Jbirvel)b-tainea testimony of the truth of the Gospel and the divine, mission; of Jose ph Smith, who had never thought much about religious matters before attending those meetings. I feel thankful to ray Heavenly Father that He inspired the Prophet Joseph to organize the Relief Society and thus open the door for the advancement of woman. May the good work continue. May we appreciate our privileges and go forth faithfully in the discharge of our duties as mothers in Israel is the earnest in the kingdom of desire of your .' :. God. ' 'A , r -- - . semi-monthl- y e uuie-uuuie- i ed co-labor- d er - . NEWS P.O. W. P. A. - . , -- . fae-sim- ile , . , . last-unti- l, in-whic- nec-entii- . -- wo-di- d -- . -- to-th- Mrs Maggie Downing Brainard nof . the Clara Valley'' is writing a profusely illustrated article on the possibilities of horticulture on the Coast setting forth its ad vantages a3 a profession for women, .; be a r The official seal of the W. P. A. will of the badge; a fivepointed star, bearing the initial of the association and date of inauguration. Mr. Geo. T. Gaden to whom the members of the W. P.' A. are truly indebted for thorough" acts of kindness and who was elected haa an hnnnrarvmftm bpr nf, presented a beautiful gold badge (suitably inscribed) to,Mrs. E. T Yi : Parkhurst upon her retirement from the office of Cor.. Sec'y. of the W. P. A. The W. P. A. will make every effort to entertain in as pleasant a manner as possible the National Editors Ass'n and in doing jthus will not bold a. March Convention. x flfrs. Elizabeth Vore's finely illustrated artjcle on Our Pres3 Ass'n evoked most praiseworthy comment. The article appeared il Santa ; .tha-niwociatin- n in theT StrLouis Chaperone.,-Mrs. Lindon Bates of Portland, Oregon was tendered on March first a handsome Reception - by the Illinois Woman's Press Ass'n. This as a compliment to the manner in which their recent convention held in San Francisco. The Reception was held at the .Palmer House in Chicago over 1200 invitations being sent out. Mrs. E. I. Y. Parkhurst has accepted a position on the staff of the National Journal of .Chicago and will henceforth represent business interests tjn this Coast not conflicting with the. Californian. Mrs; Sarah B, Cooper, Mrs. E. 0. Smith, Mrs. Anna Morrison Read. Miss Mary Lambert, M ss E. D. Keith and Mrs. L M. McCann have been appointed on the board ot delegates were entertained ""at their San , Lady, Managers for the World's Fair Jn Francisco and Mrs Isabella Raymond andv' Mrs. M. O.Stanton on the Santa Cruz Board. Solid love, whose mot is virtue, can no more die than virtue itself. Erasmus. like. a He who holds ...hnrk risincr sanfrer O rolling chariot, him I call a real driver; other people are but holding the reins Hindu. . Give sot ihvJ f.nn?f?fw irrpjit liberty. lestJ.t, 11 A vcnrA nnnoken IS," JlKG fakft thpft nrisnnpr the sword in the scabbard, thine. If vented thy sword is in another's hand. m m -- rf y 