i5o : 'WOMAN'S EX PONENT in fact, yet the whole may be tossed hither' and vain things and remember that the eye of God is thither, by the rude winds of life, without friction upon us. If we are striving to do" right, although in are we we may err and without injury to any. judgment many tinies, yet justified in the sight of God if we'o the best we : C u b arr angement s- will h e p Jo ta k eout t h e " can according to our judgment. We cannot go conceit of one's special importance." astray if we will strive with all the energy of our When I think of how few such privileges as we us souls to do right. I rejoice that God has given are enjoying tonight, our mothers ever enjoyed, I means whereby we may receive intelligence and pity tfiem from my heart, and wonder how, amid instruction. It is our privilege to stand in an atthe continual strain upon their nerves, and the is as titude to get testimony for ourselves,; It work and anxiety they constantly endured With much our priyilesaLQiLlhe rsor1itTlererealion, they could ever be cheerful at We must "prove all things and hold fast that all, to say nothing of real happiness, yet I know H UIV,!! ' J F from the remembrance I have of many of them, j selves it Is our most reasonable service to do it. that they could smile and sing too. 'Tis to receive grace, for gracef- We - must-procthat they were somewhat sterotyped and we we nave If and intelligence intelligence. light superstitious in some things. all desire is T have, power intelligence power. I beard a prominent man say, not long ago, evil things may be done away. But as, far as that he Wanted to testify, from his own experience vail of the throw charity overailings. that getting out to meetings and clubs, enlarged possible; the of out one When we see way, we ought in and broadened the ideas, gave tone and vitality strive and to counsel and bring to body and mind, making: wjpjtibetter, and humility to go to do'a'S" we back those who have'slrayedWerritiSt more'faithfuf wives and irmthftr that. In&tfrt -- o win the way fib "widlvrsh to be' done by fthls is their work being left undone, it was done in a be it from me better and more souls, and bring them back. Far intelligent manner. He said to harbor iniquity, and outbreaking sins. We getting out of the old rut they were .wont to live is there Still of views different have things. may in, brightened them up and gave them new ideas some criterion which all may come to and by of life, that after such meetings theycome home info to wills and minds our subjection with cheerful spirits, with a better understanding bringing the law of the Lord may come to a unity. of the duties of life. .L t if It is impossible while finding fault with one The young women of today ought to qualify another to be united. Would to God I had power themselves to do more good in the world than it to bridle my tongue, I am too apt to make rewas possible for their mothers to dp, for the a on double watch set to decided have my marks; barriers that imprisoned the latter are being I ones. offend of the little not dne and broken down and removed one by one, so that all tongue to in were it wish wish nobody harm; my power the advantages woman is capable of using are be" Some of within reach all the save mercy. may ing and will begiven to her, and she will be left I so faithful as have might sav'I have not been without an excuse if she does not improve all the talents God has given her, however, in connection I but rejoice with these great -- advantages, she needs almost jn the congregations of the Saints, I as- is. is with me as it in God that all as well supreme wisdom to guide her .that she may not Overlook TtKer mightier matters "and attend to the would astonish ou if you could behold them. I lighter ones. There are so many seeming-dutie- s came here for the purpose of listening to Presistaring her in the face, that she is .wise indeed, dent Smith and being instructed by him. wJhjtf;:Tjroperly; discriminate between them and give attention to the most necessary ones first. are There of blessings great righteousness. ways Every true woman understands that the duties of to be conferred as soon as our hearts are prehome come first ofall, but aside from these there deYou have heart's receive them. to J my pared is ve ry much she can do to bie ss herself and sire for the prosperity of the. Society and I pray humanity at Jarge.:..Throjgh' goigg.broad-anoon and go may myHeayatHeihatybu mingling with her sisters, she will learn this fact glorify your position." along with many other important truths not to be S. M. Kimball. learned in seclusion from society, hence I think we are not apt to appreciate too highly this im portant factor in the higher education of woman. BENEFITS OF THE CLUB. - 1 Ringing bythePrimary children. Benedic- -- tion by E. A. Noble. ' " . S. Nancy Noble, Sec. 1 i1 , - W. S. A. REPORTS. i At a meeting held in "South Bountiful, Davis Co., Utah, Feb. .11, 1892, a Woman -- -- - ' Secy, pro tern After singing and prayer Mrs. Dye of Salt Lake City addressed the assembly stating the nature and object of the meeting. Adela W. Eardley and Margaret A. Caine, also ot bait JLake Uitv. erave turtner instruc- tiou3. Mary Clark and Mrs. Stringam of Farmington spoke encouragingly, giving some forcible arguments in favor of woman Wm Page ther moveinetitgfKKloiiJeT the ladies of Farmington had done, the ladie3 of South Bountiful could also accomplish. Samuel Howard of South Bountiful wa3 willing that his wife should stand side by side with him in "equal rights." G, W. Cr cheron united in good wishes for the success of the organization. Charlotte Atkinson made her , first political acmress. ine organization was men er suf-fWg- e ' ' 1 A. Clark follows: of Farmiugton . was as- chosen Chairman, Mary Ann Page appointed eed . SufTrago Association was organized Pre. Lucy -- no-wond- BOUN1IFTL. 80UTU - -- i effected as follows: . . 5 Pres. Sarah A. Howard, First Vice Pres. Charlotte Atkinson; SecVice Pres. Rose Ellen Hatch; Third Vice Pres. Maria'- - Hatch; Sec 'yv Lizzie Hatch; Cor. Sec'y Zina-ECrocheron; Chairman of Ex. Committee, Mary Ann Page, members of Ex. Com Louie Johnson, Jane AHatch, Eliza Melson," Emma Mo8s; Treas. . tl'Jnsnii . Ten members then enrolled their names, six QaroVi At... h 4 A. . A A A. W . making 22 members in all. Mary A. Page, Secy. pro ' - Mrs.-- As my thoughts seem to dwell more particularly, on the benefits of Club meetings, I will quote a few. sayings from one much wiser than I. which are strictly in ac cord with my own sentiments. You very likely have heard them before, but it will do no Jbarm to have them repeated. President " , . Conference of the Primary Associations of the St. John's Stake, held March SKETCHES FROM THE "CLUB BOOK. 1892. Present of the Stake Presidency, "A Club takes off the sharp edges. Women in 5, President E. B. Coleman, Coun. Auna Wohr, their comparatively solitary livessolitary as re- and Sec- Nancy S. Noble. gards each other I mean, where each one has Pres. E B. Coleman presiding. After the been mistress of her own little kingdom, evolving opening exercises the Central Board," Stake and administering her own laws have naturally mid-Loc-- officers- were u n an i al mously-- s attained alV angles anTsnarp in individual ways, grtwn by the conference. After which song', recitacorners. When a number of them met in society tions etc., were recited by the children. Rethey were like a collection of roughly hewn stone, ports of" the various associations were then all shapes and sizes, every mome nt (to continue read. each were other, the figure!) they ground against Sister Mary E. Farr encouraged the chilher of ihe wounded was each and by angularity dren to honor father and mother and attend of lack a was that result the harmony, their prayers.' neighbor, the most offensive of tcsorae of truth a color Pre3. Coleman wished to have the gave Primary woman. about teachers obtain charts as soon as possible, as "sayings" The Club is the power that quietly but surely it would benefit the children greatly. : tones and down off. these edges, rough polishes the corners, til women are like the pebb.es on cou raged the children to do right. : ' Pres. David K. Udall made some excellent the beach, all rounded, and smoothed, while each retains Jts own .cploLand text Semi-annu- al - . . ; uiiyiaicir ipt7s wy and is very industrious; a great lover of plants and flowers and at the present time they atford her much pleasure in tending and caring for. them. She is conversant upon subjects of interest .... i i ... st. joiin's r. a. f , AND P. A. REPOTS. " ; iu vi lauuuui . Sister H. Y. Brown I went to her house and met other sisters there in honor of the birthday of her mother, Sister Persis S. Richards, who reached the ripe age of eighty-si- x years. ULii and-dadie- s. R. S., Y. L. M. I. A fcERSIS 8. RICHARDS. Dear Sister: Freeze. M. A. tern. BIRTHDAY PARTIES. V : -- ; ... a nroaa; ana tanes pains to read" tne important-change- s taking place 'among the people she identified herself with in the earlv davsof the Church. She often speaks of her early associations with Sisters E. R. Snow, Presendia L. Kimball and Zina D. H. Young. The letters she has received Jrom them of.late years are most precious to her. Not being able to meet with us to celebrate the 1 7th of Mch-sh- e wrote a few sentiments "anoTleifiecI to the divinity of the "mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith with whom she was , personally, acquainted. She has endeared herself to me through that 'sisterly love which characterizes the true Saint. I write these few lines as a tribute of retpect to her. If you deem proper to record them in the Exponent it will oblige more than one,of us. With kindest regards yours truly, Harriet D. Bunting. " j . RACHEL WHIPPLE. Ont hB T Oth ayTofIarcirwaT 