EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 5 Folsom Young, Mrs. James B. Boggs, Mrs. E. C. Clawson, Mrs. C. E. Alien, Mrs. Grace Young, Mrs. J. C. Royle, Mrs. Nettie Y. Snell, the in this be held to Fair Territorial City The Mrs. A. K. Smith, Mrs. Ann D. Jroesbeck, Mrs. in varied most to the be present month promises Ferdinard Fabian of this City, Mrs. Elizabeth kind and mammoth in proportion of any that has. Howard, Big Cotton Wood, Mrs. Maria Holt, preceded it.Mt ought to be n view of the repreSou t h Jordan; Mrs. C. C. G oodwin, Mrs. C: -- W. sentation expected for the" World's Fair in Bennett, Mrs, Elizabeth Pixton, Taylorsville; Mrs. the management is in good hands and Hattie Hooper Young, Miss Emma McCornick, the people are right in expecting the best results Mrs. W. W. Riter, Mrs. Wendell Benson, also of of the enterprise. It opens on Tuesday October this City;" Mrs. H. P. Kendall, Camp Douglas. "4th. During the afternoon short and appropriate in Tme VV. S. A. Ter. Convention will be held speeches wjfcre made by Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, Mrs. M. Isabella Home, Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, the 74th Ward Assembly Rooms in this City and Mrs. F. S. Richards. The speakers alluded Wednesday (Jet. 5, Degining witn an nxecuuve session in the morning. Delegates are expected to the early days in Utah and expressed an from all parts of the Territory and JheJPresident. earnest wish for-- a creditable representation at Mrs. S. M. Kimball ancl an Ex. Com. are preparthe Columbian Exposition in 1893. Mrs. Whalen of Ogden greeted the audience pleasantly and ining an attractive programme of exercises. In the vited all the ladies to attend an important meetevening a reception for the Association delegates and friends be held at the residence of Mrs. ing to be held in Ogden on Saturday, Oct. 1st. Phebe Y. Beanie, Ch. Ex. Com., at SS N. West Temple elaborate preparations are being made DElARTIAND-FDUe7TION- :: and sintabldecctioiis-wUl-he-- a feature of affairs to be mentioned that things of less portance must wait. Woman's Exponent. Editor. EMM RUN E Ii. WELLS, in Salt Like City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one ye ir, i.oo; one copy six months, '50"ctsr""Nd reduction made t r clubs. Citv papers deliv--ere- d by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50; per month, $3 00. A' liberal discount to regular advertisers. .. , ', South No. 2 office, E., Exponent Temple Street, semi-monthl- y, -- second gate east of Dcseret News Office. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City, 'Utah. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Iake City, Utah, as . second class matter. ,. Salt Lake OCTOHER City, 1892. I, CONFERENCE NOTICE. The VuffljuDrjiisXhristf- - Ii Ue-Sixty-thirdJ5ernijmr- Amelia im- '93.-Certain- ly -- m " d " Miss Maud May Babcock B. E. who has re cently come to teach in this City and has been en gaged by the Faculty of the Utah University is certainly a very pleasing and attractive person as well as an accomp'ished elecutionist and teacher of Delsarte. 'Mrs. Susa Y. Gates met Miss Babcock last ft" a convene in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, at 10 o'clock on Thursday morning, October 6th, UTAH WOLD'S FAIR COMMISSION. "1892. The officers and members of the Church generally are cordially invited to attend the meetings of the conference. . Wilford Woodruff, The following letter, will explain itself and it is ardently hoped that the ladies of Utah will "avail themselves of this opportunity to show their interest in the matter. Ed. George Q. Cannon, F. Smith. Joseph Mrs. E. B. Wells, , President Board of Lady Managers, Salt Lake '' '" County. ,11lLil: Dear Madam: The floral emblem for Utah will be balloted for aUhe coming Territorial Fair in October. The Board of Lady Managers have selected the foil owjng flowers as candidates, Sego Paint Brush, Wild Lily, Yellow Primrose,-India- n and Rose, Marguerite. Please notify the: Ladie. First Presidency. . RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. The general iki semi-annu- conference ot the al Re- Society will he held in the Salt Lake As- - sembl y Hall i ii this city on Monday, October 10, 1S92, meetings commencing at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. .Officerj, aj '. ; ..pfymir Salt Lake City, may cast a ballot for their favorite flower. All w?ho do not attend the Fair may send their ballot by Postal Card. The polls will be the several Stakes of Zion are most cordially invited to attend these meetings, as there will be important busiuess pertaining to the Relief, -- Socle ifbrmipt b upon you the fact that notice of this, should be Zina I). U. You no, Pre?. immediately, and widely spread, and all ladies . Jane S Richards, should cast a ballot for our emblem, in order to " Bathsiif.ua V. Smith. show their interest in Utah and her exhibit, at the Counselors. World's Columbian Exposition, Yours Respectfully, PRIMARY OFFICERS MEETING. May . . Preston, Secretary. Thereil of hc Association held at the residence of C Primary B. Felt, 155 North MainSt'. Thursday Oct. 6, at 7 p. m. Representatives from each of the St akes of Zion are requested to be present. : I'RIMARY CONFERENCE. v, r -:- '- - - Li t l-- i e'kzk, e--Fr S. At Clara C. ganization for Salt Lake County was effected. given There were on the platform the two Lady lectures in courses and in classes, andJiasjeaIIy for Utah,Mrs.Margaret with work for the time B.Salisbury and been being. Mrs. Whalen, also Miss Kepgb, Alternate and the Very busy people like the writer have, not had President of the Ter. Board of Lady Managers for the privilege of hearing many of his talks or Utah, Mrs; F'. S. Richards and Mrs, C. W. Lyman,- "lessons, but we have heard one course of three Mrsrz.mT D. tl. Young, Mrs. M. Isabella Home, lectures, that we enjoyed very much indeed, and Mrs. baran M. Kimball, Mrs. James B, irom which we gleaned much: VluableTinforma- Boggs . the c dl, also the.minutes of a meeting held in the I . .. r H.i .1 aepi. f . "'io.iora idniMciMii.noiei, stnilar purpose. Some explanations having been made the business of electing officers was proceeded with. Mrs G to. Y.Wallace was elected PTrst Vice Pres Mrs. Prisci'la P. Jennings Second Vice Pres Mrs. Bertha Bamberger .Treas, Mrs. Margaret A Caine Sec. Board of Directors as follows: Mrs- - will very likely be a meeting called of T ' visitors are in the City. ; We must apologize for not giving in this issue the article on mines and disturbances in Northern laho, particularly describing pur interesting visit to the Gem mine. There are so many loca, . ii. m .1 . . a . i d itiphiliatwe lippe,toappty in r S. L. Co , having previously been elected by the Ter. Board acted as Chairman, Mrs. May, E. Talmage was appointed Sec Mo lem.and reart urn in this City over weeks, and during that time has familiarized himself tolerably well with the City and its surroundings well as the peopJe taken as a whole, and a few in particular. He has several a meeting of ladies held in the Social Hal denlPf -- iii Russelr has been - -- Jhe..UtahWcman!&.Presaub--while--:Conferencei- Edmund L. COUNTY LADI ES ORGAN IZRIV vomefcthe:TeTTtt&fy;..:--..-M- There Pmta receiving the degree of Bachelor of Elocution ; and has since made a study of Delsarte Expression and Shakespeare under the" best exponents of these branches in New York and Boston7 Miss Babcock in teaching physical culture follows the methods of Franklin Sargent of New York City who has a theatre and Lyceum combined at Berkley tfew York. over-crowde- Gannon, "CoimseloreZZT EDITORIAL NOTES. : Com-missione- rs : ; LSchoQloiratorjf s EDMUND RUSSELL AND DELSARTE. in this City, Monday Sept. 26, at 2 p. m. an or- The Third General Conference of the Primary Association will be held in the Assembly Hall in this City, Oct. 7, at 7 p. m. All interested in the Primary work are cordially invited to attend. Louie jB. Fflt, President.'- - w-a- WORLD'S FAIR WORK. . 7 summer at Harvard, and instrumental in her for services Utah during the fall and. securing winter months, though she is under engagement to teach at Harvard again next summer.-- She has already taught at that university two years. The young lady comes with most excellent references, and these jvith the impressions she makes personally are a sufficient guarantee of her winning favor and achieving success. The notices in leading papers of New York and other cities are very emphatic in praise of her -- recitations most difficult pieces, tragic, dramatic lyric and sensationalf LMiss Babcock graduated from the NationaL ivn " And really one cannot imone's self without benefitting others. prove There is so much more in Delsarte methods than one could possibly believe before coming in actual contact with the work, or having it explained in the pains-takin- g in which Mf. way Russell has been kind enough to give it. One hears of Delsarte as of a great artist painter or scientist, without realizing that the art e he made a study had methods, rules and that would apply to every individual all practises aiunguie lines 01 He work self-developme- nt. life-tim- L 