WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 51 ' WHITTIER. covered lief cousin in tears, and without ; j stopping to consider, threw her atms around her and thinking to console her; with tellBY MARGARET E. SANGSTER. news her "don't said, good cry Janie ing Uncle Rob is coming and we shall have the His fourscore years and five jolliest times and he'll be best man at the Are gone, like a tale that is told. wedding." The very best medicine Jane The quick tears start,' there's an ache at the Conway could have had was to hear that heart, Mr. Harrison was coming, for she knew we never thought him old. For she must be brave now, there must be no shadow on her brow, he must not suspect as a mountain pine, . her secret (if in deed- - slid had one) and to. Straight it: With the mountain eagle's eye : " avoid her cousin Anna's suspicions of the With the hand clasp strong, and the unhushed real cause of her desponding; she professed :. song, at the -- same Was it time for him to die? Scot-Siddo- -tim- ' e-inwardly-accusing herself of hypocrisy, "When is your Uncle coming?" she in14 We quired as if apparently must prepare rooms for- him Anna, you know he likes apartments rather secluded as lie has so much writing to do; I will see to it immediately, it may take some time to get the rooms well aired, for Mrs. Burke vlinjx?MSn they really get musty." All this to keep Anna from noticing her excitement and away she went to look after the comfort of the expected guest. And sure enough she had not much time to lose, for he arrived the same night. Miss Conway was not there to greet him, though he asked for her directly after his coming into the house, "And what a dear old place this is,", he said to Anna, "it is like a fairy tale or legend to be here, everything, is so quaint and antique; one ought to have wonderful dreams of the past in a place like this whether waking or sleeping. And so your cousin is to be married very soon Clair tells me" said he addressing Anna "and the. Doctor, is he young and accomplished that lie.'carries. .ofllsiicji a .prke?!! "NoHCTiicIe Rob he is not young he is getting grey, but he is very wise and good, - v and exrel jeyeryrespectLi: totjn ' 'And so is your cousin wise andgood as of-tDoctor, I hope she wiltl)e you say happy, she deserves the best of husbands this last with an emphasis that made Anna stare, and .she wondered why he was so particular about the matter. "You will see Dr. Bland tomorrow I'm sure, Uncle Rob and of course you will like him; the wedding is to take place a week tomorrow." ' 'So soon, " said her uncle, and Rob Harrison, with out further comment, asked to : be shown to his room. Prophet and priest: he stood In the storm of embattled years; The broken chain was his harp's refrain, ' -- ' i : he , -T- xommtm-lifeamlu- r o-tmr And we never thought him old, Though his locks were white as snow. O heart of gold, grown suddenly cold, It was not, time to go.- - L. TOWNSFND. A stretch of rapids, shadow flecked; A fringe, of rushes, fresh and green; A sloping mountain, pine bedecked; " A waste of brush, spread in between; A breath of breezes softly blown, TUP: DEACON'S SON. ...... fhe taHtforn -- the women of Europe, particularly of Great Britain, France, Germany and Belgium, are deeply interested in the World's Fair, and are working hard to make the' worrians's branch of splendid success. The women's commissions, which have been formed in these countries, include many of theosFdistiiiguished and hoiior- - irt n " Bill was queer from the first. The older he got, the queerer he. grew, en most boys were at home, Hevasomewherej nobody knew But me, and I dar'nt tell : his father, He had gone to visit the widow, Just to save the Deacon the bother. A kind heart had he, and a will That was never known to weaken. "When others were gone, he stayed home; women's industrial, educational and chari table work, from both this country and from abroad. AMENDMENTS CONSTITUTIONAL, ' N. A. W. S. A. -- And took care of the Deacon. Tilled the farm like an old man, Fed the young that had no mother; But when the father loved the widow, The son would love no other. To the officers IV. S. A, and Members of the N. A. .. . As the time is drawing near for our next annual meeting, I earnestly call your at tention to the following article of our Con stitution, and ask that if you have any ammendment to propose you will send them at once to me, that they may be published in good season in the suffrage papers, as re quired. Article V, This Constitution may be amended by a vote at any annual one after day's notice in the Conmeeting, vention, notice of the proposed amendment hayingjte not less than three months in advance, and by them published in the Suffrage papers. X will gladly send a copy of the Constitu tion to 'any one wishing it. Bill was happy then, two-thir- NOTES AND NEWS. , May Wright SewalHs compiling an article for a syndicate of papers on ' 'The President's ds - Rachel Foster Home." , The Indian exhibit at the World's Fair will include representatives of every : tribe I " ed --women-known ttxurtrhe"utIoolc" is most promising for a great exhibit of -- T . . Mrs. -- Potter Palmer, President of the Board of Lady Managers, who has recently returned from a European tour, reports that : : A mossy rock the water cleaves; A slender willow river swung; A circling eddy cool and dark; Some far off music softly sung, A floating bit of broken bark, A shady nook beside the stream, A dainty hand. A lovelit eye; 'Tis joy to live 'tis bliss to dream, 'Tw&dptWH'V'k?n. to die. Dill, Live on a farm down East. Each, had the others ill will It seemed, for life time leased. Somehow, they never could agree, To please both, you dar'nt please one. Some grieved and wondered why, : : Others aidyJiea-Deacon'so- AwhTsp - ence Balgarnie, to a workingmen's meeting in North London, at which the latter wras to speak, Miss Bartlett was also introduced to the audience, composed of hundreds of workingmen, who listened "with their hats off." Miss Bartlett also describes a short interview with Justin McCarthy, the Irish leader. ,1 Harper's Weekly. The Deacon and his son writes to the Kalamazoo, Mich., TelerafilthcLih has beeirtakmg pait in Englislr-politics- , making her first political speech in a foreign land Accompanying her friend, Miss Flor- slrife""" He found the Deacon smilipg and said, With dignity rare in one so young, Father, she's my choice. May we wed? The Deacon suddenly grew tall, and Looked as if his life's work was done, Then answering in withering tones Said: 'No he's a Deacon's son." . Mrs. L. S. Dickinson, VACATION. A haze the forest fires have thrown; laity Bartlett Rev. Caroline J. He brought the blessing of Christ. One day BY ALFRED . And the peace that is balm for tears. The hills and the valleys knew The poet who kept their tryst. ns Miss SorniA C. Haypen has been call' ed to Chicago to furnish designs and dimensions of the Woman's Building, of which she is the architect, for the information of those women throughout the countrywho esireto furnish certain parts which are to be ready for placing in the building before J theyare presented." Miss Haydeh expects to be able to have these designs and dimensions ready to send out by the last of the present month. . -- tinguishedCanadian newspaper women who liavevmade their mark. Laura Sedgwick Collins, the talented Lyceum entertainer, is called by critics the Mrs. of America. She has a composite framed" 'She is a scholar. She is a writer. She is a musician. She is a beautiful woman. rr' " . N. A: Cor. Sec. . Avery, IV. S. So merlon, Philadelphia. A. . from the extreme north to Terra del Fuego. I have no fear that men will be less Sarah Janette Duncan, the Countess Nor- - manly or women less womanly when they . 4.1 ffi rlti r nf rxn Sephje-- r Almoni- Mrs. Sarah Curzon are dis-- John G. Whittier. x mikQw-Frances-Harris- " on,- 1 TTTrsre4-"'yiT-- t - 1 4. 1, . 1 