WOMAN'S .20 Woman's E MMR LINE Exponent. Editor. WELLS. D. in .Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year; $r:oo; one copy six months, City papers deliv50 cts. No reduction made t r clubs ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. lines of nonpareil , , Advertising rates: 1 Mich square, ten one month, 3 time, ' A liberal dis$2.50; per space, semi-monthl- y, 2 E., South Temple Street, Office.- - - PuinesaJiours, News east of Deseret scconJgate from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to EXPONhNT office. No. WOMAN'S-EXPONEN- T. salt. Lake r August City. r, 1892. , AN OLD FASHIONED TEA PARTY. On Thursday, July 28th, Mrs.. Ellen C. Clawson entertained, in her handsome, new residence on South Temple Street, about a dozen of her intimate' friends; we were very fortunate in being one of the number. The lady is known to bt a charming hostess, and her. daughters are also gifted in this respect. The tea was a perfect suc was decorated 7 with the centre of the table .... . ' cess, choice flowers in an elegant Jarge umna oasin, and pretty bouquets tastefully made were laid for 1 - 1 the table an artistic look with the snowy linen, and the conversation was a very pleasant part ot the entertainment for some of those present had known Mrs. Clauson when only a child of thirteen, at the time of the exodus from Nauvoo, her mother had died of the hardships incident to in mid winter; and she was that dreadful journey .. ..... rf behaJIplkhej;. xnercaTer oi lour ur eirxnuimie " In co n t em pTati ng even the small work ttoner5r five ' younger children. alis that for women in an organized capacity Dr. Barney who was present had written, "the rein we most the only way to estimate it, repeat tea of fifty years ago," recalling the of flecting even upon this small proportion memories of her childish days,- when her mother so how wondtr tea which she read while great whole, one cannot but gave an disafter much means has been accumulated,and the guests were seated, and this very naturally to other and in worthy need, tributing to those rallpd nn vivirl mpmnnVs of th& na;f and rnn- in for future is trust held much still purposes how trasting the present with the days gone by, many their Utah have of women use. The performed reminiscences were brought to mind. Dr. Barney of and. in various all the somje places, had been an intimate friend and playmate of Mrs. part nobly have and never been have them, very trying one?, Clawson in fact they had waded the brooks bare' shrunk from fulfilling Jheir part of the work of foot as children will, and "have been friends to" building up the country from the days the piooom Mrs. geiner, in sunsnine ana in snaae; neers landed here down to the present time.- -: and Dr. Barney are active workers in Clawson The experience has enriched them in wisdom, the organizations cf women, and are interested in such as is needed to do battle in times of great all the vital topics of the day. Mrs. Clawson has struggles, and this experience, much of it, relates been the mother of a very large family, sons and to the inner life, and the hearts have been eduin abundance, but daughters, and cated more perhaps than the brain, but in this she only seems now in the prime of her ife; of a day of great learning and knowledge of- - all arts truth "her lines have fallen in pleasant places." and sciences the heart is too often left unculti- las?: Yate;;Yes,women here have, bometheirrshare. of,.: C. W. Elder PENROSE,Mrs. Zina D. H. Young-- , the burdens that attended the opening up of, a Mrs. E. B. Wells and Mrs. Lizzie Penrose, went' new and barren country, and meantime by their e "comforting and tene'r7.VoTds"by'"thTr-''morsimple .and childlike faith have stimulated their of Mrs. Hannah Lapish, to attend aGrand Rally husbands.brothers and sons in many a dark hour. of the W. S. A. of that place; a drive to Utah Ye who come today and see the fruits of the Lake, music, speeches, songs, recitations, a d banquet in the musical Emporium etc., were the industry, thrift and diligence of these order of the day of which w e will give a fuller acpioneers, do not fail to do them ' count hereafter. they deserve.and do not forget that through it all the women stood by them sharing' every hardship with the courage and fortitude of the Pilgrim AN INTERESTING JOURNEY. mothers of New England, ' for" except for the heroic trust in God that animated them, they Concluded." On the Monday after we commenced our homeknew no more where their feet were to be planted than did those who crossed the mighty ward journey, our company was enlarged by ocean and landed on Plymouth Rock. several brethren and sisters going to Conference kmiw-- whereof we speak when we make at Moab, Mrs. Freeze and I got into Brother Wm. this assertion and hundreds can testify to this Halls wagon with hlinJilsMtstlngAnd.in i actrThe Ifm e "hi ay com ehbfTt is (3 evoutly to be telhgent daughter Hannah. We traveled a beautiful and excellent road, hoped for, when these things will be considered passed Montezuma What to with are the City of Cortez in the distance, differently they today, and the part Valley women have taken in opening up the desert lands also saw the Chuck a Luck Mountains in Arizona', will be fully recognized. .: . crossed a good bridge over the long deep and ex? I know it may be said, other lands hae been pensive canal made to take water to Cortez from colonized and the wilderness cleared and so forth, the river Dolores. We traveled a long distance, but that was different, in this one respect if no nd CiimPeid when quite dark for the night, which other; that they went prepared and thoroughly was cloudy and every appearance of rain-on- r equipped ; wliereas thisIpeop!e werelno Cgi ven beds were made by fire light, as we could hot see time to make the necessary preparations for the any distance so I wondered what sort of a nUrh From journey Nauvoo, and so scantyfwas the food it was, we slept well and comfortable, on awakthat hundreds died theiirht year after ieaying the" ing in the morning Iaw an :iSmense flock nf borders orcivilization It was under the'most crows pass oyer our beds and said to Mrs. Freeze trying circumstance; that they traveled Westwe are going to have no rain the crows are flying ward, and misrepresentation and falsehood very high. On getting on my elbow and looking seemed to follow them even in their wanderings. around I was delighted with the sight of the field The greatest consolation is only this, "Blessed of beautiful flowers on which we had slept there are ye when men shall revile you, and was in persecute nothing else vie w, I pulled a bunch which you and shall say; all manner of evjj against I keep for a relic from under our wagon cover you falsely,for my name's .sake, for so persecuted they; zaJg3)lfcSAmt-Jmifeef?gge-iiia vent r City, Utah. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as second cfast matter . Salt Lake if they choose, but they who have passed the most through these ordeals know that only of all good, implicit trust in the Divine source could ever have helped them to endure the trials and perils incident to the journeyings and settlement of these mountain vales. No wonder they are dear and sacred, for here this people have lived and suffered and labored and toiled.'and fasted and prayed; sometimes in adversity with starvation staring them in the face, but through the blessing of God relief has come jand, the heavens have smiled again, and the devastating insects have beenswept away.lahyblessirigs-hav- e been vouchsafed the Saints, and the early arid the latter rain though the old mountaineers declared that nothing could be raised here, because there was no rain. Each year almost the rain has increased and the 'irrigation has been, lessened, the desert does verily blossom as the rose, and many miracles have been wrgnght in -- count to regular advertfers, PUBLISHER EXPONENT. . cmia-moineTwi- in PIONEER iDAY.- - old-fashion- Tiie anniversary of the. 24th of July, 1S47. always be a day of days to the Pilgrims ,who . w;ll - mi- old-fashione- grated hither during that eventful year'and those who followed them later, also to their children and children's children down to the latest generathe children it seems imtion. For the sake-oportant to celebrate in some appropriate way, either publicly or in families by gathering to- gether, this day; that the brave men and women who crossed the trackless plains anc marked out a p.Uh for their friends o follow may be held in sacred remembrance, also because they raised the standard of liberty on the mountain's lop, the flag of our country the stars and stripes dear to every American heart.and it floated to the breeze for the first time in the great American de.sert grand-childre- from the highest peak adjacent and because of "this, it was named Ensign Peak. This fact should zb&z well established;; in ;itie :mind rising it them from the of hear let those lips generation, who are living witnesses, for the pioneers are fast. - - "" "." passing away--- . Of the three pioneer women not even one re-- their memory is dear to the hearts cf ma their sisters, women who know how loyal and true they were and. how fearless in the cause of right. And what of the hundreds who followed after? many little graves as well as larger ones marked the passage over thegreat mountains and across the desert plains. The mothers who, " laid their jjtle babes down by the wayside.know-in- g that they cou'd not mark the spot only temporarily, and knowing too that wolve&and beasts of prey ranged over the wild and desolate country. What sublime faith these Pilgrim mothers had,, none know save those who shared with them the toils and burdens of those wearisome days. These . things, and a thousand other memories arise-whe- n one reflects upon the early dangers and hardships encountered by those, who left their all the world held dear, to seek out a refuge, a resting place where they might be free in the. exercise of their religion. - : The privations of those early days are too severe to be dwelt upon today, and the blessing and prosperi ty that has at tended thispeople in the valleys of the mountains is something almost - beyond belief - to - those-wh- o; kno W the small beginnings. The generation now growing up will never be able to com prehend the struggl es and JiiBcuHies of those times in past history, unless they should go into a new country as destitute as this people came hither. 1 There is nothing in this world but religious fiith engrafted in the soul, that could sustain and bind together a band of people, as" the Latter-da- y Saints were. sustained and united under the mot auvtr.se circumstances. Let those who . ins-,-bu- -- :: gray-haire- the-reveren- . " ; - . " ( ; n niwws t - d - -- -- -- -- , i ame -- pitia ot Ardath." - 