WOMAN'S EXPONENT. largest and most modernly inhabited of any village through which we were to pass-- but what was modem civilization to us a that time; bur visits were to those who have 85 pfcturesque. little gulch which opens in a small bay is a place' of special attraction. Here the natives were spending the Sabbath riding in on the breakers. The cane fields betrin at TTilrv nnrV u.aw uuivoi un v broken for the o clock we were at 'Akamai where we stopped and held meeting. The natives were .already awaiting our arrival, and listened attentively tn nil tW woe cowl oif a knowledge . of modem improvements and who are content with such comforts as nature herself provides. And after carefully scanning the respective been deprived of. scattered that meetings could .not be held. We next went to Paauhaii and enjoyed meeting with the sisters. Our traveling was becoming more practical and less novel, but the scenery not less interesting. In the morning we started again without breakfast for an eight mile ride into , the Waipio valley. This is the first valley binc-vc icii xino nuy-uv- e mues uenina. This place is celebrated for its scenery. ' It is about three fourth's of amile in 'width", and extends into the mountain about twenty miles. The cliffs rise perpendicularly on either side to a highth of three thousand feet. The descent into the valley is by a s road of a mile long running diagonally down the face of the pali. Over these cliffs used to flow the waterfall IIHaw e 1600 feet high, but the water is now carried in pipes to the plantation Kukuihaelei The manner in which we were - place -- would take , time and" space to describe, but the best that was to be had was at our disposal, and the sisters vied in showing us respect. Our meeting was well attended by both brethren and sisters, and was one of the liveliest thus far on our trip, i Our evening "was spent with the village folks in listening to the sweet songs of the young natives accompanied by the guitars, and we could but sav of corners of our bed in search of centipedes, and feeling assured that mosquitoes "would we were toldiAfter-meetiiiP- -, be our worst torment (and 1.11.W. III "ii .x : i , j . . . jt tnatrf: tney wcie nui uuu in uns aisinct ) we anuj we went on to Kahuwa a distance of lour miles commencing our journey-ov- er enjoyed a sweet though short repose, feeling grateful for such comfort as we were the land of gulches. Our stopping place receiving. The morning brought with it was again far upon the mountain-side- , overrain instead of sunshine, which the natives looking the surrounding country which was' mid, was like us, ' 'a stranger' ' to the place; now one vast table-lan- d sloping towards the but the heavens were pleased and showered sea, and is much cut up with their blessings on the parched vegetation. The high altitude .alid" bracing airgulches. sharpOur breakfast consisted of salt meat, onions ened our appetites for and for the first poi and poi which wre partook of gratefully if time we enjoyed it as .well as our much not heartily, endeavoring to mold our. fasneeded rest. The next day we held meet- tidious appetites to whatever, was ..provided- - mg. withthe-folks-an- d had to go about a mile and a half to the meeting uc rresi- - house, after meeting we again enjoyed a oi uw iuuvui laincu lu tcc us. dent of the . R. S. Mrs. Lilia West feast on the good things of Hawaii, and re. turned feeling encouraged in our attempt to being one of the number. She had prefor us pared staying at her home and heed- - arouse the sisters to a sense of duty. Next morning with a fresh cavalry we started she and Kaluapalaoa, our native assistant, out tor a longer ride than usual fifteen went to procure a carriage for Sister Thur-be- r miles over tableland and- through gulches myself and baby, and soon we found our many of which are from 200 feet to 300 feet Waipio: selves in more clean and comfortable quarhigh where the road crosses, extending alThe twilight approaches, all nature is lovely; ters; with a welcome that made us feel that most perpendicularly both above and below Neither pencil nor pen can its beauty protrav, we were at home again. After! partaking the crossing; the-- road finding its difficult The roar of the ocean, the waterfall's ripple, The lofty peaks hiding the sun's latest ray. ' of a nice warm meal in haole (white) style way down the face of the pali. The' water we walked out to view the surroundings; used in the cane field on the tableland The green beds of rice in the his are growing, : the rain had ceased and the sun was shining above is carried over the gulches in flumes Nestled closely within the river's long bend. fragrant arid great in abundance, brightly, and our present elevated situation of trussel work from five hundred to nearly The flowersto are our A heart they ever will lend. joy enabled us to overlook the. entire village one thousand feet in highth, and they have from the calm capacious bay 40 the towerthe appearance of net work" across the There are beauties of nature and grandeur sur- - '; r OUnding. ing mountains of Mauna Kea n,8o feet mouth of the gulch . The natural " . AA I A k h I f I I If r . L c three-fourth- . '. "enter-tainedJui-U- : as-usu- al " , iis , - - now sheltered and Mauna Xoa 13,650 feet whose somber greatness together r with - the And scenes we'll remember in the future . v. , quite well; But the grass hut before me all shattered and XZLilLLLllJiZl shabby, v Is to me of more interest than to ' you I can v tell. ; They are filled with tropical vegetation, fern olio's kukui ti fiutiala, bread , fruit, picturesue town, of .Hjla slumbering shades of foliage nestled low by the wraters ' hand. ! - edge with its rippling waterfalls glistening Night brought us to Vcloka . tired and. It js there where the Elders have often been in the sunlight, added to the novelty, of the exhausted to a home where no food awaited sheltered, v Made welcome, and cheered in their labors scene. On the left is the famous pleasure us, nor was it to be purchased at that place, ' of love; resort Halekainehe (house by the murmurfor exceptional to the rule there were 'no By this same little flock, who now sit around us in 1 this cocoanut the too but was sick to storey I wonder if ever we'll meet thus above. sea) vicinity,, opposite . pretty just ing island a tempting, place for an ideal seaside think about food. I asked for a bed, and I deem it a privilege, to my God I am grateful home. How we strained our eyes with the was glad to have my request granted. To travel the land where their feet have: oft - trod, ,.r hopes of seeing just the smoke of the Kaluapalaua was troubled lest we should famous volcano of Kilanea now thirty miles suffer with hunger. We had a little conTo lift up my voice with the same proclamation, m the distance, and how we would have enExplaining the teachings of our Savior and densed milk and a few crackers which we God. .:.".v.ur: joyed a trip there had we not felt that we had brought for baby , and which Sister To be continued. 7 i must be about our "Father's business. ' ' Thurber kindly prepared for him; He had The natives were busy in preparing for our been without food since early morning, ana A PLEASANT JOURNEY meeting on the morrow and the .day passed 4- - for the first time had cried with hunger and 1 t fatigue. Kama asked if we could eat such Picasanuy in visiting, wanting ana m viewing the beauties of nature. Our meeting on as could be obtained. We told her we Off on the Union Pacific at 6 p. tn. off could, and about nine o'clock a piece of half in a rush and a whirl with scarcely time to Saturday the 13th was attended with success7 and the hee (devil fish) and a bowl of sour grasp the hands of our loved ones and bid spirit manifest in appreciation cooked ' of our visit was very gratifying. At the pot was brought to our bedside. We were them a hasty farewell. On this particular close of the meeting a native luan (feast) glad when morning came, but were late in occasion the train seemed to start before any was enjoyed by all present, a description of getting started as horses' were hard to catch. one was ready, and such scrambling I never which has often .been "given through the We' partook of such asj witnessed before, some running to get on and rv rrtl1ltnti-Ais.-i rr ntt Mir ir11tno' nnri tt 'oro rrlorf onrntl i.vi" the trainband for: at? many trying to get-ofwe mountea our norses 111 Hawaiian Another fifteen miles over similar roads and time there was a conflict of the emotions; style, and our company now seven in num-be- r scenery JarougritJisJxx- - Akakili -We were between the saddening sensations of parting and the somewhat comical , and exciting commenced its arduous journey on in hopes of meeting better accommodations, horseback. The town had a very pretty but pur experience taught us that where mar ceurves of those who feared they would bezft and thosewho vvreliable-t- o kave--ho aPP?arance after the heavy rainfall and the there was no .Kelief-Sod rock wall around- the Court- - were poorly, prepared to care for, those who ie thus uncerimoniouslyr"Butafew uuuse, ana many ot the old residences lorci- - might travel among them, and through the m nents sufficed to restore equilibrium,, and D1y reminded me of Portland. The experience we had gained we brought with ve soon with lightning-lik- e rapidity we Wail uku river which rises on Mauna Kea us a little canned meat which with sweet an flying as on the wings of the wind, eacli m nent taking us farther from our loved our supper. We exand flows through the town has many potatoes composedwith. the sisters, but the ones, away fromv our: mountain home and Pfctty tributaries which terminate in pected a meeting waterfalls. president of the branch, informed us they the sacred associations and the sweet and The steel extension bridge across a had nearly all left, and the remainder so peaceful scenes of our childhood. The sad- ; . ' . -- :"' - -- 4- 1 . a . I - f f wastfqreus. . " I T?--1- ig - ci moss-covere- . . -- - 