WOMAN'S commerce. He never began a letter without writing a line of prayer in Latin invoking the aid of Christ. He read the Bible from beginning to end, believed in its prophecies respecting the dislovery of America and could repeat the Catholic prayers like any priest; he was an ac- made -complished navigator, practical voyages. In 1477 ne sa's ie sailed 100 leagues north of the Island of Thule, or Iceland, but does not seem to, tbe aware. ofv the traditions of the.: Scandi- the discovery of navians respecting America' by the Norsemen 500 years previous. He sailed south as far as the . ; cmsTfttiffi"thC IslaTidpo"sssstons" of Spain and Portugal, as the Azores, Madeira, Canary and also the Island of the Meditteranean. The stories and legends of the great wealth of India were then agitating the 'minds of the people of Southern Uu rope. Commerce with India was then carried on by way of land, the route around the Cape of Good .Hope was fiotheiTlcnowtir------- r " - Columbus was desirous of shortening the route to Asia by sailing westward and thus facilitating trade. He Twas convinced of the sphericity of the earth; but believed in the dimensions assigned to it by Ptolemy "which' were much less than the actual size, and that the solid parts of the earth exceeded the liquid. He also over estimated the size of the Asiatic Continent. His theory' was that if he sailed west beyond the possessions of Portugal and Spain, he would soon reach the eastern coast of Asia.' Had he known of the immensity of the actual distance westward to Asia, it is doubtful that he would have discovered America. In 1470 we find Columbus in His presence here is like the Lisbon. juisdoii t was presence 01 arusis in nome, ' one 01 tne greatest maraume cities or me. age, engaged in commerce with all the known nations of the earth. Here he married Felipa Perestrello the daughter of a discoverer. The Island of Porto SantvasjconjjOTiqn the., family, of Ferestrelfo for some achievement, by Don Henry of Portugal. Here Columbus repaired after his marriage and learned many things advantageous in his future discoveries. Columbus had several conferences with the king of Portugal who listened to him with favor, but his demands were so trreat that Don John did not comply. "He however decided to" appropriate the designs and ideas of Columbus and make the discovery for himself; so under pretense of provisioning the Cape Verde Islands, he sent out an expedition to follow the course mapped out by Columbus. This proved a failure and when Columbus learned of the treachery of Don John his indignation was so great he decided to quit Portugal immediately. His wife having, died, he took his only child Diego, intending to lay his claims before the Spanish sovereigns. He also sent Bartholomew, his brother 1485 to obtain ll assistance from - the - English" monarchs, Ikirtholomew was taken by the Corsairs, chained to the oar as a galley, butjafter threeyears escaped gained arr ' audience with King Henry of England, who was pleased with his plans, but from whom he received no assistance. Colunibus did not bta in an aud ieiieeTvhnIrdniaM-'arida a . n a -- "t . " -- ' - - EXPONENT. to have arrived at tlie bpanisn Lotirt at an inauspicious time.' Ferdinand and Isabella were then engaged in the expulsion of the Moors and the conquest of Granada, and could think of no rival undertaking, he however received ipersonal aid as the treasurer's accounts show that sums of money were paid him in May 1847, Aug. his Oct. 1847. Tune 1846,' to defray 1847. " It expenses. In despair he wrent to Cordova the home of-- Beatrice aud his Thence to the convent of La Rabida where the good monks entertained him and were astonished and charmed with his scientific reached Nov. 3, 1493 after a most successful voyage. This time he discovered Porto Rico and Jamaica. Fort Nativity was burned and the inhabitants deserted. He remained until 1496 discovering more -- He aisa established the West Indian Slave Trade. In his gjeat desire to obtain gold he became avaricious, rumors of his misrule reached Isabella who summoned him to r t 0 r- - . sou-Ferdinan- ahH" ds religiousldeasmiey interceded with the Queen in his behalf. She summoned him to Santa Fe where he was promised a hearing after the conquest of Granada, he gladly remained and engaged valiantly in the fight. Jan 2nd 14Q2, Boabdil with his brilliant following surrendered" to Don Ferdinand. Columbus now presented his claims, he demanded the suprerneofficof- admiral, viceroy over the lands he should discover, of the revenues resulting there from, and as the means of successful dis covery, he asked for three caravels and a good allowance of money. The of these Queen complained exorbitant demands and he was abruptly dismissed. He again thought of repairing to France, when a wealthy Jew Santangelo and the Marchomess Moya interposed in his favor. In April 1492 the argument known as the Capitulations - of Santa Fe was signed granting Columbus all he asked. 1 he expedition consisted of the Santa Maria with a crew of 50 men commanded by the Admiral, the Pinta with xo men commanded by Martin Pinzon.and the Nina with 24 men commanded by VincentePinzou On Friday which was a day of good omen Aug. Columbus set sail from Palos and stood out for the Canary Isles.-Aftean eventful voyage of 10 weeks, land was seen by sailor, of the. Nina, Rodrigo De Friano Oct. 12, Friday 1492. This vas calledby-thenatives- " Guanahaiii and by Columbus San Salvador. Columbus besides discovering many small Islands, discovered Cuba and Hay ti. The products of Hay ti were so., much like those of Spain, that he named it Espanolia or little Spain. On the coast of Hayti the Santa Maria was so badly wrecked Jtiiadta-from it was built Ft. Nativity. The nd. miral being desirous of returning to Spain to report the good news, left Arana a kinsmen of Beatrice in command as governor of the improvised fort. Martin Pinzon the commander of the Pinta in his desire to find gold had. deserted tiie expedition, so the admiral had to return in Jan, 4th 1493, he started. On the homeward . voyage a terriffic storm threatened destruction, and Columbus fearing that all would be lost, wrote a description of the new found-lan- d sealed it in a keg and threw it overboard, trusting that by the grace of God his precious secret might fall into good hands He reached Palos, IrridaIarch 5th, i4Q3, Columbus seated before their majesties, told of the new found laud, exhibited the mysterious plants, the strange beasts and birds, the gold and the were to become "Christians. Columbus now had -- ,-1492, r the-Nin- a, riuie-Iiidiansw- hb Spain. He: reached Cadiz June 15, 1496, in a state of great dejection; he was how- ever again received into favor and asked for mere supplies andships which were granted him. May 1498 he stirtejniiistliird- voyage, iins time ne enscovera me continent of South America which he supposed was, another collection of Islands until he saw the immense quantity of water, the Orono-c- o carried to the Ocean he knew that it was a continent for which he had long sought. He then returned to the West Indies, sent five ship loads of Indians to Spain as slaves - which so Jjiceiised-Quee- n Isabella- - that she- ordered their release. More rumors of the mismanagement of Columbus reached Spain. Their majesties accordingly commissioned Boabdilla to go to Hayti aud inquire into the trouble, On reaching Espanalioa he put Columbus and his two brothers in irons. But he was once more forgiven and re ceived into favor, in May 1502 with four caravels and 150 men he started on his 4th and last voyage, from which he returned in as iuu ill iu - gu - LU COllil, au-j- . ciiiu. as jic his son Diego represented him. Columbus died May 1506. His will states that the Jionor or admirality shall fall on Diego and nis neirs maie, lainng tnese .bernando and his heir, failing , these Bartholomew and hisheirs male. The male issue of the admiral became extinct in the third generation and theiestates and titles possessed by' marriage to a scione of. the house of. Brogaiiza, buried at Valla'dolid thence to Seville thence to Hayti thence to Havanna. ' ' ' . - DOCTOR MA1TIH HIICHF.S fANNOK" Office: II South. Flrsf Wp sfro Office practice for Diseases of Women from 2 ... until 4 p. m. 'v- til uHimtivi If . DREf last's Keeps on v Iland- - AND TRIMMINGS FANCY r-P,9?P- S ANOSTATIONERY, EQUi- V ,,POiSE WAISTS, ETC. stpeg IIati and Hounets cleanea and retrimmedt . ..ui ,Cu, rw. s uorc to iniiipiii covere.1 while you waif. SStirial Snttn aorder, SieclIty. r -- V uut-tou- v Three doors weft of Theatre. MRS. M. E; VAN. M. D. HAS REMOVED her offiAr fwm nnlltnlinn Building to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Office hours, 2 to 4 pm I,THOMA 26,28, 30and32 East 1st SautbSt., SALT LAKE CITY. f4' LeadmSSetaU-- - : - reached he2enith:f-his-glor3Tillnr honors were conferred on him, aud positions, were made for a second This time i wsoQ oersons went to mint,;? i -t- - YoweTiuIallies avEo espoused hiscause, among which were the Dukes Medin Celi and Mediu Sidonia the great Cardinal Mendoza .wose power was sucli that lie was stvled ltUk4-4mrrff- -- v- uw.S Phr5wt discoveries. The nKe more Dpmnicia' was UIiU Island pro- TINNERS CAS.VVATER & STEAM FITTERS -- eBUHSEYScemte(LIFTand FORt i JZr lcu va 8Don nonce. Orders iron 'hiVnnnto promptly to. responded Bex 305. ElLX.LAI HI. 