EXPONENTS WOMAN'S 122 terior which to a thinking mind seems out of keephg with the great Intellect of the man to whose memory the monumental building has been erected, It contains however a pretty theatre, and sundry rooms devoted to different branches of Shakespearian study, and from its tower a fine view can be obtained. .Last but not least of the gems of Stratford is the Church with most beautiful avenues of lime and elm partly hiding its gray walls frorn view and which add a softened beauty to the resting place of the great poet. It i3 in the Chancel, within the communion table railing" that Shakespeare lies, and 6n the slab that records' his name,is written in old English'-- - he had been more hardened still. There were many things, to- be considered, - Jane felt assured that young Walton would follow them toItaly,and she would be at ajoss to know how to protect her co'usin. If a mah as old as Dr. Bland and with the training his profession had given him would show such impetuosity as he ha,d with' her; who had never given him the slightest reason to think she cared for him, what might hot this determined young lover, do, whom "she realized had been given every encouragement from her innocent and unsus-- , forward answers; he however insisted on the Dr's maintaining secrecy, from the young ladies, and wanted no interference from women folks. Waiting in expectancy of death is at all times a fearful thing, but these two women far from home, were indeed forlorn, their only hope for advice lay in Dr. Bland, and Jane felt the greatest reluctance now to lean upon him. She had not been willing to trust herself to speak to him "of ordinary matters, their onlv conversation had been of her nnr1p. Anna leaned wholly upon her more self-reliant cousin, she would scarcely have been aware of her father s serious condition had- - it not been for the servants; they talked - ; j pecting cousin.4 Jane" almost regretted leav-- I ing the life of toil and poverty that had seemed o; be thrown : her fate at her 'mother,s-death,tunprepared as she found herself into a whirl ' . i - 'pppd frend, for Jesus sake forbeare .'. , of untoward circumstances, without autbority,-- 1 encloased the dust heare; T digge, t ;i ' or previous experience in such, affairs. Re-- t Pleste be ye, man y t spares tbes stones, ' T j luetantly she answered her cousin, who was the And curst be he yt moves my bones.'' ; l the first to break the silence, though her con-- ; ' science reproachedTher when she remembered Tojtn'e right of Shakespeare lies his wife how much more ignorant than her years was this A line, Hathaway, and his favorite daughter j . . incessantly of the expected yet dreaded crisis, until sometimes she would be quite hysterical and once or twice she had swooned away, from terror- ,- so vividly would they pieture the harrowing scenes. It was a new experience she longed to hide herself a wav for her-a-nd lFallfihe Had written several times to orherlack'ofliiscipline and from XCJl--wknf nn dnoira. Vio1 ana womanly companionship. Her own head ached, and Anna complained, and bemoaned the cruel her very life seemed desolate. Accustomed ' fate that was separating her from her beloved fat.hpr's indifferehce she did nnt sppm v u . V7 that she was never sent for, think Maitland,asshe realized they were going farther ' aiJU UUC YYa BU ClIglUBSCU 1U iJICl UULlta a3 jand farther away. oho aPlnnm hnn flmo'tr triinV nttvaa "and the The days dragged on drearily Baronet grew more morose and sullen when lonely her cousin must be, shut up in the weary with his journey; the channel was rough house with only the servants for companions. when they crossed to France, Anna was very The girls had both looked . forward to some ill, and her maid was seasick too, and the gaiety when they were fairly settled and now . hnw w h ol e responsib ility fel 1 u pon Jane. ...When V a O to Dr. the out reached the weather France south the had of things spoken only they might was brighter, and the air purer, and the spirit have been dmerent, but her tears lest she of at least one of the party grew more conshould hold out any encouragement to the Dr. y" tent. ' to speak seriously of his affection, restrained ;rr.-.,. They were nearing their journey's end, and her from asking help in the time of greatest there was something to look forward need. her uncle still scolded and swore vehemenSy Finally the Dr. himself broke the ice, by and sometimes- declared he should die, and coming upon her suddenly one morning early blamed Anna ...for it aUnd ''that rascal ly s na fihft was nut takincr a little breath of frp$h of" a rascally father." Patience and endurance aii, of which she stood so much in need, with on the part of the uncomplaining niece and her constant watching and anxiety, for she the tears and sobs of bis only, daughter were wna indisnp.nsahlfi t.n hp.r tinftle "thnntrh hp ht lost upon this irritable old man, who grew skillfully trained nurses to attend him. .. l .,....., - -Tl .7 'more unbearable day by day: ' 7"; without last exciaimea ut. mma "At at shall reached last and suita found "now a not even good morning you escape Italy lhey able place to winter in, but almost as soon as me until I have told you that I cannot go on they were fairly housed, acquaintances of Sir living without an answer from you, you should Edward's cal led and invitations to go here rntv mp if nnthirifr mnrp: wparipri wif.h lrmcr and there poured in; the girls had no heart for waiting for some one to love me!" ' So sudden company and the Baronet was almost rude to were mese ejucuiauona uiimeu, mai uaue nau. his bid friends. But when the worst has come only voice to say "mera!" But as she did so and things get to a crisis a change is inevitDr.. Bland caught the expression of her eyes, able, and 0 it proved in this case. Sir Edward and his heart yearned toward her with an was taken seriously;' 111, '.and' Br. Bland was maennauie ieeimg oi pain, rememoenng auw : but weref meantime' other physicians sent for, utterly alone in the world was this' cold and summoned who pronounced his condition criti-- i :"proper" young woman. Pale and troubled cal- - Jane was attentive and followed out as she turned away without speaking more and near as possible the instructions of the Dr.' you would leave me without another word, -- underwhom she - had previously nutsedr but" stay, if only for one brief moment, speak to no change fbr the t better resulted; and worn me." She ' hesitated but stood like one out with watching and anxiety she was ready nptrifiAd slip, nnnld nnt. avpti fhinlr an pmbarrass-to sink with fatigue when late one mVht after ing was the situation; just then a messenger weeks of weary waiting Dr. Bland arrived-;- . ' approached and mercifully for Jane the t. .1 it uieu Biic icn luai xeiiei iiaaj come; tneisaronet painful interview was over. The servant had had been delirious much of the' time and been looking foj them through the house; raved incoherently but now and then Jane "his master was worse, the nurse thought him it was of Helen he talked, and would and "quickly the Dr. strode up th e call her to come to him. Never of his wife dying, walk and the stairway to the room, where lay or his' daughter, and she felt how "utterly the sufierer; Jane could- not summon courage barren his life had been- - and rhow destitute' to enter her uncle's apartments with him after of love and a real home her beautiful cousin what had transpired, and yet she knew her, and her heart softened towards her greatly.' duty lay in that direction; how difficult now It was good for Jane Conway to have' these seemed the path of duty, and yet she had had sympathetic feelingshshe known the fulness insisted others :being firm and brave ?f love jn her early homeland it was some under all upon circumstances; how poor her judgcompensation now to remember the sweetness ment seemed when she was the one interested of it and it made her more but there was no time for brooding, Anna compassionate . towards Anna. . caught hold of her and like one in despair grew worse, but Dr. Bland besreed her to eo with her she could not go o j scattered senses alone. - Mechanically like one in a dream she sugeeded m jallying sumciently to know him. and t.Q0v followed her cousin, but when they reached" I few questions- to which he gave the doorway,' they knew by the look upon the straight i fair-girfbecau- witbherhusbah A 'walk of a mile brings the traveler to the Tillage of Shottery where the poet went a wooing in youth's golden morning, and . as we tread the path across the fields which it is said , Shakespeare himself took many years ago. we 'cannot help thinking how fair this country of England is, and presently when a rosy, cne'eted lassie comes tripping along, we npthelp adding, "and how fair its women are,": for, -. r . ' " ' " : " to.-Vip- r it-stran- ge t- j I ! j nhantrftjl.waiii---the-nropframme- r-- -"- is-th- e V , to,-thoug- h . " : - Tf-Jft--m- -- k old-fashion- ' w t - k, ; . 5 - -- jl -- picturesque, though humble cottage which marks the last leaf in the diary of a trip to the land" of Shatepeare. Againwe lookbn with ingle-noo& 'small t kitchen and then mounting the rickety stairs are shown the room in which Anne Hathaway was born and a frame xntaining some of her - needle-worAffeduly satisfying our eyes with the treasures of the interior, we enter the garden, that we may take a' draught of water from the well whence the lovers extracted nsctar iong ago, and then we bid a reluctant Jarewell to this the heart of Merry England. -- V. , , : But away with soliloquy, for here w AAVA ; ' 1 l j . With'doVncast'eyes and look demure, And yet withal so sweet and pure A pleasant picture doih she make: r 'Enough for any man to stake ' " " His happiness upon. ; ' se Marian Taylor. -- ' IN RURAL ENGLAND. IX. ' In those times, - the long ago, traveling was Wtly different to what it is nowadays, and oh$ ' who journeyed ini'slow coaches"eould suit-M- s convenience brhis temper; if indeed lis coachman made no strenuous objection, and Sir ;Edward Hilliard was Master, as well as Baronet; it was seldom any one interfered with hii rights, or privileges, or even to speak in if he became enraged. No woman1 with him as his had ever been as niece Jane, and from, her he appeared to ex-- , pect the independence of manhood.' horses and the old coach Rie sturdy, well-fejogged along through the country roads; both the young ladies were totally absorbed with their, own peculiar thoughts and conditions-Annwas desperately in love, and Jane knew not what to think of the declaration so peremptorily; made by the quiet Dr to whom she self-defen-se self-possess-ed ; d a haa gone with perfect confidence for advice in the dilemma she found herself placed on her cousin's' account. To whom could she go now, every avenue was closed. Her uncle was heartless and resentful; Lady- - Walton had only softened him temporarily itr presence had been the magnet; and after meeting the boy,her son, , : , . 4 u-n- -. . un-dersto- od ; - -- : ; - . 