Hi-- -. OMAN'S EXPONENT- vV - J- - .""Day'' in 'the year of the organization of the Church. Representatives, of the Society the f first'carnage carry- occupiedi teii .carriage . i ii irjg an eiegant wnue suk manner wun appropriate 'inscription..' r fjeb, 1830 the Relief Society Secretary was notified that she was. expected to -- furnish a l stastistieai and financial general report of the Relief Society at the President s OJfice ten days prior to the 6th of Apr. and fiftieth"- ', . serai-annua- 0et7 . TheTm 15th,, 1881.'.,,. It cemhined the reports of sixteen stakes, and gave a membership of I2,2SS, "dkbursraenta for tlx months 3,468,3 J. Ann Whitney Counselor to Eliza i.' t tr. ..1 t: .. lvu- loco "tt, 1 her honored name crowned, with the blessing of traints. - All humanity proclaims this womaiiV TRIBUNE era. Everything important tends to emphasize t theiact,-- the ppirit of .mrian future "destiny Edited and published weeMy at Washington res ta upon ThesteTsV and they obey "the . J). G, by Clara Bewick Colby. in live! times which the of they'impulses of the hour! the fulfillment of prophecy! Price, SI. 00 a year. Trial Subscriptions, five They repeat the hallelujah of woman's redemption; that ha3 been echoed down " b;:ne, of Washington, D. C, will be sent to one adthe ages. The women .of Zion in every dress for $3.00 per year. 1 land a in 'dad lift up their voices y Hosahnas Tor tlie deliverance that has been 9. wrought out for them, and the blessings that have come through this gre,at and grand organization established fifty,. years ago, and Keeps on Hand' by means of which so much good ha3 been DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY I accomplished, not only in Works of charity ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS and blessing, but in the development of the AND STATIONERY, EQUI- - . of the human that tend POISE WAISTS, ETC. soul; higher attributes in a!l its brtnche, flaking1 gtes to purify, exalt snd uplift the world. And l)res ""ami . retnmmedl f'yl-- . Hals ani ISonnets denned. 3iIIIInerj', while we celebrate this day of days let us Feathers cur'ed, ftc. Stamplnsr dorc to order. I coveredAvhtie you wait, iiurial Salts a Specialty, cherish in sacred remembrance the memory of ST SOUTH STRKETy- " IllvIVv " RQziJ? those who are not WTrrrrpy nut nave gone-on- -4 iHU. UO Hrr Fill vWsrb Thfeatrir Tnrce before; and especially should we all remember" the three noble pioneer women, who ... immortalized their names, and reflected honor uponall their sex, by their undaunted courage in traversing the unknown desert plains with the first pioneers to (his valley. Let the names of Clara Decker Young, Ellen Sanders 26,2S,30aod32 East 1st SoutliSt.. be handed and Harriet Kimball, Page Young down to posterity, as the foremost Pilgrim SALT LAKE CITY. mothers in pioneering Westward of the Rocky Mountains, and remember it was their fidelity to the truth, that gave them the faith and forti 2 -tude to endure. And after what new awakening shall come tons who are still in the field of womanra work? - The reFreshing remiH nlscenceirand remembrances of the past should inspire us With renewed zeal and courage for the futurt; and with' a more divine consecration T7of our labors to the help oi all humanity. - The choir then rendered in full' Voice and. strength the celebrated 'English" anthem" of Zion Awake from thy Sadness." "Daughter : Thi3 grandBnniveTsary"J' o bileejieier6iser THE were closed with a" solemn benediction of thanksgiving to God by Apostle John Henry Gam h THE-.-.WOMAN'- j the-voic- - I . to-d- 1 fli "';Jar2tit8S4aaavauoni' o j Snow, members 17,002, branches 302 disburs-- . " - v loving friend and a wise counselor. As an O u r be oyed p rga nizer s h e waionexcel Sister and President closed her mortal eyes' in the Lion House, Bait Lake City Utah, Dec. 5th, 1887 aged eighty-thre- e years. Her comparatively long lite was eventful beyond that of most women. This Jubilee day .the- - came 1 be RELIEF SOCIETY. CO EERENCE. The fourth April Conference of the Relief Societyill be held in the Salt Lake Assembly. Hall in tliiCity on Tuesday evening April 5, 1 892, commencing at seven o'clock. It is very dejiirable4hart-tnhould'-be--Tepreiitative- ere'.-bu- 1 MOST MAGfilFiCEIirRAILROAD" SCENERY IN TIIIv VORI.D. a All members of the Relief bociety and all interested in is labor of love are cordially invited. ZlNA D." H. YpuXG, 7 T:" """":"'";' - ; "'.-- ';"'':r; Jane S. Richds, Bathsiieba-- EACH M AY BETWEEX OGDEN, SALT LAKE AND DENVER. - ELEGANT Smith, W. ;' Two Fast Express Trains Daily President . Three Distinct Routes A.V0 THE prompt attendance is essential. IN G CHAi R CARS RECLI-- DiiecL Connections 1 1 "TPr eo bF Cli wr'ge J Christianty commands us to pass by injuries jnade in Union Depots. THE KCST TEOEOUGHLT EQUIPPED EAILWAT :;v-IN THE WEST. . policy, to let them'lpass by u. Passionate reproofs are like medicines given scalding hot; the parent cannot Ttake7 them. IfweHvish to do good to those we rebuke we should labor for meekne-- s an wisdomand use soft words for harMrguments.- - Xcfd. D. 0. BODGE, CenL Sr. A.E.WELBY, gapt. J. H. BENNETT, O.F.AP.t ; TiriKERS GAS.VATER MRS. M, J;. VAX. M. D. that the key of knowledge has been turned, and she has drank inspiration at the hex free, aivin'!ou1u taint Choice-o- f have' but one meeting, and therefore, - . 8" 1 5 -day . ROCKY MOUNTAINS! from each Stake of Zioii. as some business of importance is to be presented to the sisters. On account of the greattes of the occasion of this General Coniference of the.Church and the m altiplici ty 0 f busi n ess t he Reiki Society w'i 1 WdU. -to- v. THROUGH THE L Fr.NTIMI-NT.S- . K Jl. Standard RAILWAY! .xiLEliza.lL- - Read by Apostle A. II. Cannon. a The Relief Society- - celebrate .Never the world. reaches around Jubilee that before that there is any record of has a woman's Jubilee spread over such an extent of country. Throughout all the wards and settlements. in alilhe Stakes of Zioiuis thh ''momentous'- event being commemorated by meeting and rejoicing together in praise and . thanksgiving to God. ,And not only in other mils of the United Elates, North and South, in Canada and Mexico.on the Sandwich and 'Samoa n I s amis and IS e w 7 ea I an d ,7 n Great Britain, iu Holland and the countries of Scandinavia, in Switzerland and Germany, in Asia Minor, Australia' und Tasmania. What does this woman's Jubilee signify? not oniv that fittv years aso this organization was founded by a Prophet of God, but that woman is becoming emancipated from error and superstition ani darkness. That light has m HOMAS hsVESTERM spoken in various. Relief Society branches and in many lands.- Apostle John Henry Smith then read the paper of Mrs. B. W. Smith, and A II: Cannon read the article of Mrs, M. I. Home, both of which will be found in another pari of the " paper. Snow will Leading Retail. to-d- ay 4 March 17th, 1892, -- IT.' Apr. 1885 Annual Conference held at 'Logan Cache Co. Utah, Relief Society report stakes. Total number included 'twenty-twof members 10,358. Last general Relief Society, report (Oct. 1887) during the administration of Eliza R. kk , do-J- Snow.-- , - Rat--to- ns in the Social Hall, in honor of the eightieth anniversary of the birth day of Eliza R. r ' - was given menu. to charity for B months $7,689,80. Sister Snow in 'company.,, with her brother Lorenzo Snow and others, made an extended i if. i(isi..J:; to jcuropean louriuio auu o visneu .jeru;ui ni: ami ecrapiieu ner interesting dooil. - Cor He respondence of Palestine Tourists ' Poems and other writings are much valued. She traveled extensively in the various Stakes of Zion always in the capacity of an Mi 't j In June 1882 the Deseret. Hospital .was. established with Eiiza R. Snow Pres. of the board of directors.- Sept 1882 Romania B. Pratt was ap pointed rAESirtantcccretafTT: ' v S JI UllS-l- O a. in. , to 48 to 6 j). in . Si. STPAM FITTERS for R'UJISEYS celebrated LIFT and FOI't PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on sbort notice. Orders irmv '3-Affe- nt CATS UUS3. B9 333. SALT LAIS CI ,T. 