WOMAN'S EXPONENT. a exchange ideas and be' mutually WCU5Ullcu" 11 was really an enjoyable affair and we were much interested in meeting'for the first time the talented and attractive Miss Keith (D -- Vernon) of whom the papers have bad consider, .able to say of late, Which proves she is worth talking about. Another lady editor who drew out our sympathy as .well as our sincere admiral tionwas Mrs. Laura E. Foule of San Antonio, Texas. She is one of thoe Southern Vomen that call out your tenderest affections, and make you feel akin. Her magazine is The Gulf Messcn , gcr and withal she has a great ambition, which is to make it the magazine of the Gulf states, and with all our heart we wish she in do- -' succeed may so. ing Mrs. Virginia Lull was reallyvthe centre of attraction of the evening.all things considered, and" as she lives in Chicago and has been doino nP Q. paper work iherejor a numberof her talk. She is well d in all the questions of the day and her witty manner of telling things was very amusing. Miss Minna V.Lewis seems to be the pet of the association, ;ind she is very charming,a sensitive, delicate, little creature with bright eyes and an expression of tenderness in them, as though she could "weep for others.' woes;" but she must have place in another article, also Florence Mathesen, who is the daughter of the celebrated Elizabeth Akers Allen of poetry, song, and "story fame, who wrote many years for Godey's Lady's Book and other popular works.but who is beloved everywhere through the,well-knowsong, nilt L iue 181 . wim the destruction of human life and to overwhelm; one with city, for. her manner is so attractive that many opposed to thq question of woman's suffrage and he sickening record; and involuntarily one kindred topics would certainly listen to her beis and may be to come to cause of her eloquence, and yet might thus be'fn- 7.h PrPheciesof the Scriptures are being fluenced against their previous prejudices. En. ::: fulfilled ,n the sight of the people. ... Here in these " """ " . . peaceful vales there; is plenty and comparative "I would have written before but Lwas far quiet, surely there is reason to rejoice and be' gratefuljihat aU is as weJUiiUsith-th's-pe- o landing, having pie here m the valleys of the mountains. caught cold on the boat. I am all right now, and in the midst of work; this week we have had the The Republican Convention at Minneapolis lws -- Women's Liberal Federation had rather a lively time; after considerable demeeting presided over by "I and spoke on Woman's bating delay, O. J. Salisbery and Frank J. told of I Wsgfcvand what had seen amongst Cannon were admitted to' seats in the Convention women in Factory inspectors and also Messrs. Goodwin and Varian with your country each ere we hope have them here. One long side one vote. While the Convention was in may prohas been already in cess of organization, some radical appointed Nottingham, and changes took there are here three women acting as place in the political atmosphere of the country, for the RoValjCQmmU&rorv now irrvesti--- Blaine's resignation as SecretaryofStatecauiiing-Ayme.-people "Tabor question. It is very nice to find to look iipon him as almost a traitor gatinnhe women so alive, and immense strides my to the President and Cabinet-howe- ver this may havecountry been made while I have been away. In be viewed it was doubtless a ciisappoinment to this year the suffrage has advanced more than many of his ardent admirers, who have heretofore ten during previous years." looked upon him as the greatest man of his party. C,I had a pleasant trip, the. Sea was calm; but That it will somewhat lessen his influence and his amongst 'all my recollections some of the most fame seems more than probable. At present in interesting and pleasant are of the day spent in dications point to a more turbulent state of the your hospitable city, amongst all your kind political affairs of the nation than there has ever friends. I do thank you all and you especially been at any presidential election. Bitterness in for all you did to make me happy. You will be the two factions of Blaine.and Harrison men is Mrs. Beattie, Mrs. Sarah M. Kimbail, Mrs. lamentable when one considers the welfare of the ' seeing Richards and others, please give them my very country is at stake. On the ioth, the dispatches ; kindest remembrances. announced Harrison's, nomination oh the first I hope if you are ever here that you will come ballot; also Whitelaw Reid of New York, for to see me. Vice President; this ends the contest so far. The recent visit of Mrs. Solomon Thatcher of Yours Very Sincerely, Chicago, to Utah, was a Ve ry pleasing affair, as Florence Baloarnie. well as beneficial in the interests of the Columbian Exposition. Mrs. Thatcher is u very gifted and brilliant woman, and intensely interested m:, the A N I HTERESTTN6 jSTjSn woman's department of the World's Fair: of which she is one of the Executive Committee. Monday Jiight the :nth of She addressed the peopJejof Xogany:Cache" Co., wi t h Pres. "Fr . A . 1 1 am m oh ApVlibcpmDy" d, Sister . El iza dh while there on a visit to Hon. Moses Thatcher iIord.and AlatyA. IVeczeleft the City by way and jamily, and had a large audience in The Login of the D. and R. G. R. R., to visit San Juan Tabernacle. On Sunday evening she spoke in Stake in the interest of womens' organizations.-Sistethis City, in the large Tabernacle, to the largest Howard has given a description of her congregation she has ever had the honor of ad journey for the Exponent, dressing at any time. She has a fine presencea. on the train by NcJear mannerfpressihTieTTdaTand holds moonlight, rather than sleeping, reached Thompd her listeners with : her sympathetic son's Springs the following mBrning, Where a eloquence. We shall publish her speech in our carriage was in waiting to take us to Moab, arrivnext issue of the paper,therefore we do not desire ing at that place about 4 p. m. We held meetings to make any extracts, to spoil the effect, Mrs. the next day at 10 a. m.f with die Relief Societv ' Thatcher was introduced to the audience hand at 2 p7m. with the Y7L. M. I. A , and re n in of this few a words. mained there until the next morning, when city Keogh While here Mr. and Mrs. Thatcher were the Brother Holyoak and wife vvertt with us on our of We Preston. had Presiding Bishop guests way having fitted up a team with every conveni- the of an opportunity meeting distinguished lady ence for trayjijm this'-O- tf; from to' and" IJoppid-'- i to rest our horses etc., and lunched her departure previous found her exceedingly interesting in conversation, at Kane Spring's; resuming our journey we and well posted on all general matters pertaining traveled over fearful gulches arid dugways finally to women, as well as those directly connected coming to a lovely place, very grand, we camped with the World's Fair work for the night, made a great fire of pine trees, prepared supper and after singing and prayer we air and felt reffesh- rejjredj jdepL mdl in INTJERESTJNGLLETTERrT ed when we rose early in the morning; break fasted and pursued our way; arrived about noon at Pe terseD's, hfll where we lunchedjon our trip that publish extracts from a letter received from Miss Balgarnie, dated M ay igpi 891 which day we passed between the La Salle and Blue will be interested in.r as fppl- sure our readers Mountains far, far apart,and arrived aOlonticello wp Titwvwell as to knovr that sheamyed Jiome safely rrat tl ve p. m; where several of the sisters of the t after her visit to America. Miss Balgarnie-i- s a Relief Society came to visit us at Bishop Jones, whose wife is President of the Relief Society at most valiant young woman in the field of work m Great Britain. While in this country she made that place, ' "Next day, 16th, held meeting with the Relief a tour of the United States and Canada, looking J those perSociety, had. a large attendance; after dinner, up on many vital questions especially -er Young Ladies meeting, the house filled with taining to wdroan's status, and particularly wages-Hideas on the great 7,500 feet above the level of the sea, a large level very practical ana sne Knows uuw iu express uci 11 as' el'oauentlv. We shall tract of land, they raise good wheat and have ex- rj ever regret her not being able to speajc In this ceilenj fruU 1 -- frn -- " fter -- p.-le- n "Rock me'to sleep mother, Rockjme to sleep." . also Mrs. D'Evelyn, Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, and her Sunday Bible Class and Mrs. Hannah Neall, and others. The drive to the beach and the Presidio too will come in at another time, and the visit to uf quarters, the effice of the Exponent, of some of the returning editorial party. Quite a number of women, are not yet mentioned and we shall take great., pleasure in writing them up" tor the delectation of our read- ;:tMp.&Qpier.v--met,::m'en:;and- ers. - - , - EDITORIAL NOTES. Lady-Aberdee- 1 r sheaysVeen joydlieelrghtfurerry spell-bcHin- This is the first time in the history of the , United States that women have been made Dele- gates to a Presidential Convention, but Wyoming true to the principles of hef Constitution elected one lady, Mrs. Theresa Jenkins and one alternate Mrs. Georgianna Carlton, the last named lady Utah has some honor in claiming as she spent most of her life here, and all her early education and training she received in this Territory. The Conference of the Relief Society of this stake will be held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this City Friday June 17. Meetings will commence as usual at 10 a. and 2 p.'m. The President is desirous of a good attendance of the members from the wards of the city and from all parts of the county As uhis Jnot-th- e - time of year for reports it isexpected the Conference will be of an interesting character. A cordial invita- Jionas extended in this benevolent institution and especially the Presidency of the Church, the Apostles the the- - Presirfirif7T3Ts Stake and the Bishops of the several wards. By. order of the President, M. Isabella Horne. The terrible calamities that" have been chronicled in the newspapers the last few weeks are indeed terrifying; while famine rages in on4e part storms, whirlwinds, raging torrents, explosions, fires, and disease and death floods, cyclones, n. . by-Mis- s- well-chose- . . ihe-ope- ii -- I - - 7 . (eioftheye y 