WOMAN'S 70 EXPONENT. of this Republic where both nominees had light upon some who sit in darkness, for much of, theory may be taught previously held the Presidential office. It however be practise to convince is a new phase, and the various questions there must always timid ones, who are fearful of, conEditor. EMM 'E USE 11. WELLS, that confront the government at the present some and untried paths.-time seem' to be of a complicated jmd;:4iffir sequences imiew PubSisfied in Salt Lake City, Utah. The women of Wyoming have worked Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, tlie determine. to cult character Possibly deliv50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers or three abstruse probered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. and wisdom of the incoming Officers out successfuly two sagacity Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil of the Republic, may solve some of the lems, It has been abundantly proved that space, one time, 52.50; per month, 53.00. A liberal diswomen could cast a ballot without destroyicount to regular advertisers. problems that have lately appeared so deep also that Exponent office,. No. 25 E., South Temple Street, and abstruse as to be beyond the reach "of ng: home influence or happiness, second pate east of Deseret News XJfficciismcssQurs ' from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. public trust. most skillful diplomat to solve satis the Address all business communications to could actually help to ' factorily to the people most interested in and now that women PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT,elect the national President and, 'the stars the solution. Salt Lake City, Utah. have not fallen,' ' nor the earth been shaken, seemed As to result the Utah very Entered at the Post Ojjiee in Salt Lake City, Utah, as heard-o- f more divorce cases or second class matter. '. doubtful beforehand but the people have nor have we more difficulties of a family nature than in given their opinion through the ballot and November 15, 1892. Salt Lake City, the Democratic nominee hrfs received states where wromen are only reckoned in the largest number of votes and therefore the category of idiots, insane, etc. And so it is easy to see the world moves, been honored by the ratification. In view of and women are coming to the front and the A great political wave seems to have the sacred trust reposed in the Delegate from Columbian Exposition will do more to bring swept oyer the country, producing such this where there are about the enfranchisement of women than Territory particular in minds the conditions of the changed too many interests at, stake and such a all other causes put together. This may people, that appearances indicate that ior of circumstances past and be a matter of opinion, but in our humble complication the next few years, many wonderful changes that ought to be adjusted, and also opinion it will prove a truth. present may be wrought and other methods introwhen the fact is taken into consideration duced than those that have prevailed of that Utah is fully entitled to statehood" if APPRECIATION. late years. The Republicans were contlie people were given the same privileges fident of the strongholds they held in sever- as others ranking similarly in population, Wk feel much credit is due to those; who and other, essential conditions, taking all lent their efforts toward' making the mass ' of public opinion perhaps, have yielded to these things into consideration the Delegate meetiug of women recently held in this City the popular cause and helped to make it the from Utah ought to be as able and sound a interesting and successful, for such it was so some good people are kind enough to man as could be found in the Territory. ' -' the Chief of the nation. The people and say. Women have not much to do with these The Board of Directors aimed to have it their wishes as expressed by tlie ballot have so of that wre feel assured and the little felthe right because this is the form of govern- - things as they have no vote, and their voices do not seem to have - been heard much in lows who sat in the orchestra and played thev drums and fifes, did their best to help along. this which matis not a campaign, perhaps irient for the people and by the people; The speakers who came forward and faced of ter the in which considering regret Way ber though in fact it is but the .audience deserve praise for the able If the people, -' matters" werecoh'ducIed7 had manner in which they presented their suba vote there would have been a vast differ- jects, and we are only sorry that there was Leaving that aside however the people not a short hand reporter present to take have emphatically expressed their choice ence in affairs. full notes from those speakers who did not The women of this Territory should have have written for Grover Cleveland and to all intents papers. . and purposes the whole term of public had the same privilege in this Presidential First we would especially thank theTer-ritoriPresident Mrs. Richards for answer affairs is likely to be turned in other chan-nel- s election (had Utah become a state as she ing so graciously to the call made upon her than that it has been drifting of late. should have done) as the women of Wyom even before she had returned from her trip The House, of Representatives will have a ing, and it is only due to the prejudices to Chicago, and so we trust all our patrons large Democratic majority and the Senate a brought to bear against this Territory in and the readers of the paper will be intersmall majority it is said, so that determines the past by unprincipled men who were ested inwhat she 4iasidv-e- xt we innst the policy that is likely to prevail ior the looking for office and its emoluments, and thank Mrs. Nebeker for coming on to fill .the prejudice created thereby that they the place Mrs. Home expected to have . comingtenif however conservative tlie party taken.with only a - few hours notice; the mn xelitrliii nAfc.f lip chcx rnrtr 1vrrw- - were deprived of their vested rights without sickness in Mrs. Home's family, making it ' by the Democrats; although it has been said due process of law. But there is a good not only impossible for.her to speak, but it ' time coming it is ardently to be hoped and was not of Mr. Cleveland himself. to communicate with her possible Mrs. Cleveland so won the hearts of the even those who do not favor women in as to what she had planned to say. Therefore Mrs. Nebeker out of her own fertile people during her short term in the White politics see that suffrage for women is inbrain had to collect her thoughts and gather House that she will likely be exceedingly evitable. ... 4. L..'.',,. lip a few reminiscences hurriedly, and fill While we deplore greatly the lack of oppopular as its mistress For the second time. the first place on the. program after the The sad death that has recently occurred in portunity to participate ' in the questions the family of President Harrison must ha ve": 3vMch:ihvolve largean audience until then and consequently caused him to feel much less enthusiasm in tory, and also the condition of affairs that felt timid and nervous, but she did bravely, Itle urn franco rf wititiitior flic o1anfn the "background and withal made a fine appearancewhich speaks well for the pioneer women after the when the champion of a cause loses his en- - when she ought to be shining brightly ton and hardship encountered. . :1 .1 Vf J..' uiuumuii is; lessened the among the cluster of states, yet we uiusiasm, Mrs. Allen's address - was efiective and rejoice me icsa same.. in cmuuMUbiic the in victory gained for woman in the state she made some telling points. Her referj)ctpic giuw of Wyoming, and congratulate the women ence to Victor Hugo's assertion: that the rison cares less for it than he would had there on being the first in this nineteenth nineteenth century was woman's century, was well put, and also the quotation from Mrs. Harrison been with him to share his century to vote for the Chief Executive of Dr: Stevens that the brotherhood of man place and the honors confered by the people. We dq notltecatra in the wall of prejudice that will let in the However Mrs. Allen's strong personality Woman's Exponent. . v semi-monthl- y- . . - 1 . lvillbe-declared-therDeleg- In-fact- ate has- . - " : - - - : t : -- -- - -- -- al - - mskIrhek j 1 IL-Jon- gJii 1 ui..-xui- x ' 