WOMAN'S 20 But for Isalxdla's personality in the adventurous enterprise of Columbus he could never have set sail from Spain; hereloquence-- was The words are pregnant yith the spirit of a queenly soul. "I, will assume the undertaking, for my own crown of Castile, and am ready to, pawn my jewels to defray the expense of it, if the funds in the treasury shall be found inadequate." A woman's courage inspired Columbus to do and dare, all honor to Isalxdla for. her inspiration and zeal in the enterprise, and wherever the name of Columbus is inscribed, there too shall appear that of the .royal, queenly woman, Isabella of Castile. soul-stirrin- g. ; EXPONENT. others. Lady Anna had posed as a beauty unconsciously to be sure, but it was a fact r nci gicaic. at nevertheless that it was.'1.,. traction a sort of symmetrical beauty of face, and figure. Clair was a favorite because he could amuse and entertain company, he possessed to a great degree the faculty of making others enjoy themselves without an apparent effort, but Jane with her consciousness of right aifd exalted ideas of personality, and of cause and effect, looked on and learned from observation much that passed unnoticed by her companions. Life was real and earnest to her, and not the dream of a summer day or the pastime of an idle hour. She had sought to impress Anna with her views until she came to Loudon, and even there gave her occasional glimpses of how things appeared to her, bu Anna seemed not to comprehend life's great mysteries no more than a child. Alas! for such women, they often iret the severest positive Jessons that enter like iroiijntoJliejsrliiL fl"d Tvt5"uhd solleep that it is impossible for the wound to Jieal however vSoothing the : remedies' applied. Lady Anna's beauty attracted almost universal attention, and 'was often the subject of conversation at fetes and receptions. At a brilliant party given by one of the elite of London, one evening when the season was at its height an elderly lad? seated near Miss Conway (who had gone by the urgent persuasion of both Anna and Clair)remarked to a gentleman on the opposite side from Miss Conway, "Do you knowT JLady Anna Hilliard, I mean the one in. the soft green costume dancing with Lord Simsbury just there? Th egentleman addressed reiat he had not that plied indifferntly pleasure and asked why she was so inter- ested in watching her. "bhe. reminds me;; of an intimate friend of my girlhood, she ...... - . . It is Mrs. DevenLsh and the gentlemen is Mr. Everhard I have not been introduced bu I have been told the lady is a most y 4 amiable and attractive woman, and "blushing deeply" that she greatly; admires me because of my resemblance to one of her friends." "O, then you know what I have just heard accidentally from her own lips.". "To you, did she speak to you?"- xix. The winter in London was superbly gay leyond anything Clair or Lady Anna could have imagined: Lady Walton entered into the eiiiovmeut-withzes- t alter tne protests sue scarce! uacl maue against fashionable society, and her desire to do something more useful, but she really wished to initiate these young people into ,- - the way and manner of the fashionable world or as she herself expressed "the great world," and all the ardor and vivacity of her youth seemed to have returned as she went from one place of amusement to another, attended balls and parties and made calls upon the great people. Clair was the favorite wherever .v the two 'r iitir ir.tfif lite C si rrti ..... v- - cent, his musical talent, and the mystery that hung round him, which was a sort of charm to the adoring mamma's and their marriageable daughters, made him the centre of attraction, or perhaps it was only the difference from other young men of distinction, the originality he possessed that was - therreal caused Lady Annadnietimes" felt she was more admired as Clair's sister, than for her individual selC Yet Anna was almost as much unlike other young ladies as her brother was the generality of , young men. Miss Conway often thought what a --Jxautiful character her aunt Hilliard must have been, to have such a lovely daughter considering all the environments of her cousin's girlhood,and knowing what a cold," proud, haughty, arrogant 'man her uncle Kdward had been. He had his good points -- -- - cannotare made some "No - child to the gentleman, who sat by her, his name I think you said is Everhard, he is going to trace the matter up through one of his friends." - shall know who I really, do look like, for no one has ever been able to tell "Then I me. . IN RURAL KNGLANI). . , : -- "Your father once said to me you were very like your mother in temperament but did not refer to; features, Ii maginefthis ladr must have your mother iii .mind, it came to me as if by intuition, if I should prove ,to demonstration to me of the fact that I am somewhat inspirational in my nature and I. scarcely know whether that Is a "blessing or the opposite, you knowr there are people who know things before they happen; it is either sensitiveness or susceptibility or something of the prophetic perhaps, and in our day there, are no prophets or prophetesses, we only read of them." "My dear cousin," replied Anna, "this is all Greelc to me, I do not comprehend your meaning, though I draw this inference from it, that i f i t should have been rny. mother whom I so much resemble that Mrs. Devenish cannot keep her eyes off me, you would begin to believe, you had the spirit of the prophets or was descended from one ' of them." "Joking aside Anna, you ought- - to be very srlad if Mrs- .- Devenish can tell vou attheribr ithinkuvou once - ' mqumesal) any "relatives" has Uie very same eyes and her face is al- - on that side at all.'! ... ..:..., Hkev"--so together "And what became of your friend, how from Mr. Everhard if fie finds out an v- did you lose sight of her?" ...... .. tr thing worth hearin; "She married suddenly I heard;some one "Possibly though I do not know that it she had only known a short time, fell avouldfollowV ' desperately in love, and died soon after, I terrupted by Maitland who came to ask for was abroad at the time and never heard the a dance, and Aniia inquired whether he particulars, but by the bye'l remember her knew Mrs. Devenish and would he introaunt with whom she lived had a son, who duce her cousin and herself. was quite distinguished in literary circles, "O, mamma. knows Jier very well and he loved his cousin and was -- re flection she knew-upo- n opposed to her will be" pleased to do the honor, but I sometimes" would know him I am sure-- it must not lose the " chance of dancing in she fancied he might have been different if marriage, you wrould be in your time, let me see his this Anna's mother had lived to modify . him. set, and the floor is fast filling,-"-s- o name was Robert I Harrison, I taking his anil , the t wo wqjq soon gone, Her principal fears for her cousin were in think, wonder what became of him?" and Miss Comvay wandered into the library, Lady Walton's influence and yet she knew "Do mean the Harrison who you was a as she felt no inclination to dance; she was that for Maitlaud's sake she would not wish member'of Parliament for several her to follow her lead exactly. Miss Coyears?" looking backward to her childhood, and Well I don't remember about but he trying to recall what her mother had told that, nway scarcely ever attended Lady- Anna to T tbint-was im.i' ODtnionnted verv hn her of her uncle and his affairs. She UCIU any oi the public balls, or receptions as an man that the cousin ,this opinion she always seemed de t'top for Lady, Walwas remembered her saying he was very richonly and ton was very fond of playing the chape rone going to marry was a downright villian coum not lorgive her lor marrying a poor to A lovely ml lLkeUinaaiKltifTOHA. Lu introduce her as the betrothed of her soil. iu x,unuuu now ana by neglect of home and ? duty. These reflections this Jove romantic story of your friend has The winter passed quickly "even to Miss with the feeHne sheiad of together interested so me much calf I'll tohim on. for there were m Conway many things she I ,nLniSi,an? H1 thoroughly enjoyed and she felt that her morrow, and see if there can be anv mn. w nut ii u lv iiii .iii n r i iiv ij f riiK i ri vi ii r'wvi,iviiij,uunvii necuon between this young lady and the so j stock of information was very completely that she failed to notice what greats en- one you fancy. she resembles so ' One " can be larged.. other occupants were in the room until atstrikingly always learning in -it there "Depend London, there- sr much I caii upon is, in tracted by the conversation, IV Cil- hearing a every, movementXee she conies: this larnilar name gage one's attention, and Tane Cnnwnv She spoken. turhedr ta ok -one to make t he .t nc, t i way,'i and saw MrsTDeveiiis1i' lk to wards her cousin who was so saw or heard, and she. in the elegantly attired, and she rapt inwardly congratudistinctly heard lated herself that she would be muclAnore conversation that she was life one amazed her will 'you remember say, the Italian singcompanionable as a wife, for having had She would not then repeat what she had er whom ive heard and whose eyes" years this opportunity. Although Miss 0,verlieard hut moved away and said aside to as well as her voice madeago Conway so many men falb had taken this London season she Anna, "Do you know the lady who sat dead in love with her. and nil tW wiw quietly me or had really made more out of it: than . ;. tealoiiR.- - O withjier? the next w . -- Here-the-4adiesver- ein -- X J - -- . .i.u.J i v-tu- i i i sit iu 'A 4 -- .the-gentlem- en . J .. - V x " . . x i - 