WOMAN'S . EXPONENT. 1 caused his. father to speak so strongly and ter is not competent to manage such matso strangely of the Baronet and liis affairs. ters in fact she has had no experienceand is She told 'Maitland, the truth but not all, and entirely too young." Clair had never thouglit of this, Miss he was satisfied. "Vour father will not interfere further in this matter at present, and Conway's marriage seemed in the distance - if you wait a reasonable - time, I have no to himand he comprehended doubt llewill consent, he does not believe it now it was explained to him by Lady Walton; but it set him to thinking, and he, you are really in love, if he becomes convinced that your affection for each other is soon, made his feelings knowji to his sister. genuine, he will.feel differently, and there He had gone on with a full sense of. enjoy is everything to be hoped for in time." ment, everything was so pleasant to him What Lady Walton said was not much in and he was just getting accustomed to the itself but the confidence she reposed in him place and the people, and howl his tranq uil -was gratifyingrto "Maitlaud and hefelt sooth- - ity was about to be disturbed. "Of course ed and' comforted by the interview; his cousin Jane can mother's influence was charming and sheal TeinaTkell"tohisisTer one day after going Ways impressed pe6ple favorablywhen she over it in his own mind, "by the bye isu t exerted; herself. Miss Conway had not felt there any relation of the family: that could e her superiority or fascination for the reason come here as a sort of housekeeper, , or or be installed in a place of honor, to that she wTas of a much stronger character,. but with Lady Anna it was different, she Keep up me dignity 01 tne place in a way only-vague- b' -- advisjvhaooJMie chap-cron- y Annawas-fro- atVa&susccpiible m Clair whose foreign accent and manners made him more attractive, were noticed and aroused some curiosity. Say Greyson who is this dashing young sportsman, with the French accent? He is not much on the game," unless it be of another sort than we. are likely to find hereabouts? What did you say about his pedigree? Born on the continent his father an Englishman you said, but his mother who was she? These questions were asked by one of Grey-son'- s friends Sir Thomas Lousdall. ' 'Some singer poor but beautiful, the most wonderful eyes I've been told no one here .knows .exactly, who she was but when Sir. Edward Hilliard died, it had to come out, he left it all square, could' nt stand the publicity himself, but meant to make amends, she was dead long before; in fact did'nt live longafterthe boy was born I think." "0,is that it, well I'm glad to hear this story, it - How many women's makes things -clearerlf niluere- was fTime uia lenuw-ureaK- : , iiearuiLuii Helen Leigh, now Lady Walton, then this Italian woman, and his third conquest whom he honestly married I suppose:, and his son if appearances are not deceptive may break even more hearts than his father. " "The boy is innocent enough not so courageous as the old Baronet, there was never a better shot than Sir Edward, and the Women all admired him, nothing tame about him nor forgiving either, the sturdy old Briton, from away back. -- T- -' others, and stood sadly in need of asignorant on the suliiject as Clair HlmselE strength in those about her; what she might and they could only leave it all to cousin to future developments. have been lead to do, had not her cousin Jane,-anTime passed rapidly to these young lovers, come at an opportune time it is hardly possible to conceive; fortunate indeed for all for the Doctor and Miss Conway were in parties that, she arrived at" a period in the earnest in making preparations,' ,and Mait- -' young girls life, when a w7ise counselor was land spent most of his time in the society of needed to guide and restrain, her impulsive Anna and Clair, for cousin Jane was so ocnature. cupied with her wTardrobe that she left Anna That night Jane Conway had many reflec- more to his watch care, and she found him tions, she had promisee! to be the wife of the perfectly reliable.- Clair enjoyed every man who had almost pursued her until she moment of his time spent out of doors, he had yielded to his entreaties one might say, felt as if dwelling in an enchanted land and! and yet her own heart had been' touched could scarcely realize the fact that he wras in otherwise she would never have given her- possession of a fine old estate; which entiPREHISTORIC MAN IN AMERICA. tled him to many honors and privileges he self into his keeping. What would he exIt is a fact beyond all dispute that an pect now was a thought she could not but never had dreamed of, so limited' had been ancient people, probably civilized to a high repeat as it were, forit seemed that she could his previous life. interested in not much longer be mistress in her uncle's Country gentlemen politics degree, lived in America long before it was house, and a newr and entire change in her wanted him to run for the county as their discovered by Columbus, and who do not what - represiitativef and knowing: his ability as aas appear to be " tlieiiierican ' ThdiaiisT This" made, oflifcwonlds would this mean for her cousin, how would man and the natural tact he possessed gave fact one or two modern writers seek to disit affect the domestic life at the castle, Clair him every encouragement that his election prove, and in this article I will give both as well as Anna. Evidently a change must would be sure if he would allowr' his name the old and the new theory concerning prebe brought about sooner or later, and what to be used. He. was very unaspiring and historic man in America. would be the easiest ..and safest method. dreaded the' publicity thinking his mother's We have much of an early history which Morning came before she had scarcely slept, marriage would be dragged up to public antedates the Columbian discovary, for in and she felt totally unprepared to face the scrutiny and he could not endure that one late years many men have been engaged in situation; she almost wished she had per- shadow of suspicion should fall upon her the collection of its data. It is one of the sisted in her determination made previously nieinory, and he firmly refused: to be nomigrand discoveries of the scientific era of culto remain single and wratch over these chil nated. Cousin Jane heartily approved his ture that man has inhabited the globe from a- - credi dren (for such they were to her) theyneed-e- d courserthough it would ha en high antiquity that the primal man was ofrude have the borough represented by scr tal her more than Dr. Bland who had stood culture, and that his progress from. the lowalone so many years; and yet a pang of re- ented a young man as Clair Hilliard: He est to the highest is marked in a broad way, gret would come When she imagined even felt a degree of pride in the thought but the by stages well defined. Human ' evolution for a moment that she might give him up. risk was too great. is as much a part of of science as botany, ' The afternoon sports ancl pastimes were chemistry, electricity or astronomy. The days that followed were very much alike for a few weeks after these stirring in full operation in the .country side and many Were these prehistoric people known to ev the Doctor talked freely of the mar- - invitations to shooting parties came in to the ancients? Was America also known to them? riage which Jie hoped to have consummated young Hilliard forqnestions may lit time be satat the earliest possible date consistent with popular, and as Maitland offered to go here isfactorily answered,; but at present they are the circumstances of her uncle's death, lief and there .with him and give him the benematters of speculation. fit of his slight knowledge of the chase, he term of mourning, etc. and Maitland and AnTo the early voyagers and explorers our na were together almost constantly. Lord fiinally decided to go to Greysou Manor Land must have seemed - lonely, but sooner Walton, s business had taken him from home about twenty miles away but in another or later traces of human occupants were and Lady Walton herself had called frequejit- - county, and one early morning the two found in this wilderness. One writer savs: ly with her carriage and taken Lady Anna to young men rode away together, watched by '"'Every one who explores the mounds of the drive with her in order to become better ac- - Jhe eyes bf lo ve : 1 1 vas expected they; Lvhip valley, or gazesn the ruins of Yuca would be absent seyeralp and the house tan, or looks into the wondrous narrative of she was likely to be; she often talked to her seemed lonely, for Clair wras fulLof life and the Spanish conquerors must involuntarily of the late Baronet and tried to drawr her out his merry whistle and tuneful voice in song think: Who were these men and women, were a perfect delight to all the household what was their origin, what their mode of upon family matters finding her almost life? Until wrthinrfew years thenTlias ignorant of these things, she turned and tenantry. her attention to Miss Conway. She learned The Greysoiis were channed with the so- seemed no answer; Facts have come in fastfrom Clair that his cousin .was engaged and ciety of these two fine young men, and er and faster, and every new fact has made she interrogated him in regard to the changes every attention was given to their entertainthe puzzle seem more hopeless, so long as " this marriage would be likely to bring ment. The house was pretty "well filled no one could offer the solution. These variabout. v with gentlemen most of them sportsmen ous prehistoric races, so widely sundered, "Who will have charge at the castle accustomed to the chase, and as they were threw no light upon each other; they only when your cousin marries, she cannot super thrown the time. deepened eachJ other's dark intend two eslabnsiiTireTttsand your sis- - naturally the young men, and especially fAztecs, Mayas, .Mound Builders seemed to 1 - d . - lion-hearte- be-neces- saryy : . ve-be- . t--to ' -- . , . . -- to-tal- k ly 'F;r,Tr:i together--liluch-durin- fr d 