Rights of the Women oj Ziony and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SAIT LAKE CITY, UfAH, OCTOBER 21. ' CONTENDS. No. d. 1892. 15 God worked with them to impel them on, Hence nought could daun thm. On and on shamed within himself that he should be so weak. After coming to Hilliard Castle he In Rural England A Story. Woman Suf- -. made the acquaintance of Dr. Bland and they went, frage Convention Ada C. Cannon, Sec. A Dethe two became fast friends, so that when President Aylesworth on And he, the instrument, was made to bear lightful Reception. the preliminaries of the marriage were beCalumny, and scorn, and pinching poverty, Suffrage The Woman' s Journal. R. S. Reports. ' And the imputation "Thou art mad!" Notes and News. Miscellaneous. ingarranged and the Doctor innocently -dreamer, visionary: man! would give away asked Mr. Harrison Editorial: The October Conference. Edi- Maniac, the bride as she had no near relative who From Far And thus he lived, assuring them of truth, torial Notes. Alfred Tennyson. Till youth was gone and much of manhood's could be present, he consented at once. Away Annie D. Stevens. U. V. P. Club E.R. prime. What else could he do?' And indeed he Shipp, Rec. Sec. W. S. A. Springville E. J. ' Until a Woman God inspired to hear Las equal to t Haywood, Sec. -passed through ordeals that had given him Poetry rGolumbtrHannah'T; Kingi The" Themessage A regnant queen his helpmeet was to be. the strength and courage to suffer and enEyes That Cannot Weep" The Woman's Redure 'without outward sign of grief or corder. A Poet's Recompense Sara Louisa And she his mission nobly did endorse, . . . if-h- - . e - And unto death remained his firm ally. Oberholtzer. How strange an atheist is man! Show him Anew truth, andjie will spurn you from his door. He rarely says, reason be thou my guide, I will investigate, and then decide; But no, it comes in contact with my views, My theory, and my understanding; The "canon's full," and I am also full,'; Being fed on such a nutriment. I, On such a canon, hence, will live and die' Such was my father's creed, and therefore mine! Such is the logic of the worldly-wise- , And such the "Daniels" in the' judgment seat; So Truth is veil'd till God sees fit to tear-Th- e mummy wrapping, and His truth declare, ;.. Thenthose" who've crushed conviction rise to truth, And worship her with all the warmth of youth; ' "Arid then "she'll reign immortal anofqr aye "And "allher mandates"ifiey with joy obey. Hannah T. King. pain; Jane Conway in her ignorance of his true feeling towards her struggled with herself, and bore her part nobly and when the cerecoLyMBUs: mony had been consummated, those who were present saw only a smiling happy A moment let me view, as on the disk bride and bridegroom and showered upon Of mental vision and by the aid cf them congratulations thicker than1 the Memory's mjstic gift, the portrayed flowers which bestrewed their path from the . History draw of this most patient man! t Church door to the carriage in w;aiting, for The majesty of man, in h im, behbldl r: Dr. Bland bore away his blushing wife to His stature tall, erect, and powerful,' the old home where anxious relatives were Ever towering above his fellows; waiting; the home coming of one long abHe wrore a bland, yet thoughtful countenance, ", sent, and to meet and welcome the young The impress bearing of divinity. woman so faithfully described in his letters Pale by study, brown'd by sun and sea; to relatives in his childhood's home. No Jevityr or carelessness were trac'd Strange Thdeea "to the young wife was the . Upon his form; prA'isageeveiy. gesture, experience of the next few weeks, the "Gravity'and deliberation showed. journey by lumbering coaches, the-rurAmong the potentates he stood a king, scenery m the opnng time wnen an tne Though Jyerty hedges were" full of MossblnsThe quaint The majesty, that as a mantle corer'd him; inns or hostelries where they The prime of life he scarcely had attain'd, stopped at night and the different dialects Yet mental care had prematurely bleach'd of the provincial districts through which His auburn locks, and streaks of grey appeared. they passed were all new and interesting in His voice, deep, sonorous, and impressive, IN RURAL ENGLAND. the extreme to the young woman, who had Like one accustomed tc profound reflection. seen so little of her own country people, exHe wore a modest the aspect XXIV. cept those of her own class; now she was Of a worshiper in audience of Diety. "The preparations for the wedding of Dr. brought in contact with the people, saw Columbus! Yes 'tis he! whose name has rung Bland and Miss Conway were completed, something of the actual condition of the Throughout the circumnavigated globe! bone and sinew of thoselresiding in: thel ruand the nuptials solemnized with due cereStrange! that the Hemisphere exhumed by him, ral districts apart from the bustle of City mony In thelittle "GfiurcTTat Dunstan ReAnd placed as "Beacon on a hill"- before ' ctor' by the young Clergyman who had life and indeed from the manufacturingmd The wond'ring world, bears not his noble name! cottagers and farmers who only recently taken up his abode in that trades-peoplHis great, his noble, mystic, thrilling namel and as in- were in 'a manner diocese the Reverend Qeorge Rr Hay ward, Like imbecile ingratitude this seems! whose unassuming manner - had endeared' depeiident tii: their No matter! he has yet a Future drove in their own1 carriages with serhim to the people among whom he was callAnd among the Harmonies of heaven, ed to labor and as his father had been a vants in livery. As a matter of fact these Myriads yet will tune their golden harps college friend of Dr. Bland's he took a people were less slaves to custom, and fashion In praise of him; endowed of God, and sent special interest in the young man, and, more their own masters and mistresses To bring before the world a hidden land, though not a church going man, had really than many of the titled aristocracy, who ofto cradle gospel-fruit- ; And been instrumental in getting him settled in ten had to resort to all sorts of subterfuges And be the Nursery of the First-bor- n Church. that vicinity, as soon as a vacancy had oc to keep up appearances. Columbus! Blessed genius! Blessed name! These' things" became clear to this d ... curred. , God's instrument for a work stupendpusfiL.- Rob Harrison Esquire was present at the young woman especially- after she Isabella, Ihaj wedding and gave away the, bride, much as readied the North of England where the; Her warm and rational enthusiasm, his own heart rebeled against the marriage. Doctor s relatives resided, and her husband And all the whisperings within her heart, 'Many such tragedies occur in every day explained to her many things connected E'en SHEd reamed not the glory of her work! life, only as in this instance the world are with the affairs of the plain .honest,working" She saw Earthly Empires and present good, not aware of the real truth, that lies conpeople, and she discovered what false views And inJTmea were entertained by many of the young cealed underneath the mask society wears. But little did she dream God's Kingdom The truth was Rob Harrison loved Jane folks with whom she had been associated in Was to rise from out the Empire Columbus Conway, frum the moment he first saw her, regard to those who were really entitled to Was impelled to seek and resurrect, plain and unpretending as she appeared in greater honor than the aristocracy, who too "God's Kingdom cometh not with observation." the eyes of others, he kuevv ;jand felt the often looked down upon them and gave no So the work progressed, the day has1 dawned. magnet of her presence, and appreciated the ! true recognition of their rights and privil- fl3 iTccuuiii men aim women. which Bland in the was a great-soule- d He That Isabella and Cplumbus organized; man in alOIiai society they moved, by eoncerns humanity, and his wife appreciated And Ferdinand the Trio shall, complete. this passion that. possessed him, and when he more and more dayafter3ay.liis, true no - found her the betrothed of another he was" bility of character. Pioneers of untold lprj;.wtre.theyl-i-- . -- . -- t self-respe-ct . ; al old-fashion- ed : : e, self-supporti- ng , fore-ordain- ed . . v ... 1 high-minde- gc-a AnAtheh-nawfeTShr- t? , , 