'WOMAN'S EXPONENT, - wards evening he was' formally presented to sister; who received him with a hi3 cold indifference, yet when she learned that he could, sing with the guitar warmed towards him considerably and begged him, to give them newly-foun- d " some 1 he songs were magical music. Dr. Bland, coming in . as it and the ice was broken. ffere, 1C3 - --- Her voice has a lender cadence, but. bell. is a: pure as a silver thing; for it is written, "Tli3 proud and they Have you, too, who do wickedly shall bo as stubble and shall i . grown purer and u ana the years have rolled be burned up." Pride being a delusive spirit on' do wickedly before we are awaroof it; her this morning rejoicing h the tnurnphs' or jve may 5you meetwon? rather let us seel; to"bo fitJem pies for the invictory . Good.; Spirit which i a 'spirit .dwelling Nay hear me-- the truth cannot harm confidence in good, also gives us T you; when - in cer r -- , . . -' of-th- later,: found quite a and 'the evening hours "flew swift-- " happy Party e trae r retirement came ly of am ven were reluctantly spoken. Mory the good nights felt ville as Clair though it must be all a gieur a or dream oewucning iairy tale. DIFFERENCES. jof-lovean- d presence vrm c nn ; Was the hand that you gave her as while and clean as of her womanhood? -- f& - years that have fled, Then ask, if you need, when she tells you her girlhood is dead. She cannot look down to her lovcr-- her , or take from U3i This being the important lesson' of life, may- -t Wlearn it well, ia the fervent desire of, .M. E. thaHhe-lo- ve ' - Kimball. of - IN MEMftRIAM. love, like her soul,. aspires. He must stand by her side or above her, who would kindle its holiest fires. Womankind. Julia C. 60TII BIRTHDAY, MARCH 17, 1S92. TO SISTER ELVIRA, ON HER "Not all alike!" Ah no! This world would be A stupid one, if we were all the same; If on each point we could at once agree, Soon conversation would grow weak- ani tame; -- -- J' R'dorr; THE GOOD SPIRIT. - co-work- er, Since we are toldljiere is. an opposite in all thing?; how many of us are there who do not feel the need of the Good Spirit to teach, and give us light and intelligence on a subject of so mucn importance. Our Saviour had the opposinzspiriYtomeet all the days of His life; and do we expect any learn the most imthing less No not if portant lessons of life. You will reraember when He was baptized and come up out of the water, that He saw the bpint of God descending like a dove and lighting upon Him. And lo,a voice from heaven an apple best, and one a peachr " Another still, prefers the luscious pear, '.. . Important lessons these small items teach, When we can pause, and give them timely care. One likes intheCTfect"arrangeraentffloraiifl3flh:(!" . ' the mouth, so also is the mind; Strange differences control these heads of ours; A grain of thought, keen, witty, or refined, One slights, another eagerly devours. For, as Union Square Hall was filled with friends and members of the W; P. A., on Saturday, April 30, the occasion being the memorial exercises held in honor of our dearly beloved friend and Mrs. E. T. Y. Parkhurst. All that love and affection could do, waa&howii' " throw-light-an- w Some rise in grand sublimity aloft, of mortals far above; And some like simple music, low and soft, Find comfort, strength and joy in quiet love. The average mind 8ay?g. 'bls k my beloved Son in whom I aui wen pieaseu. Then was Jesus led up of the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the Devil. And when He had fasted forty days and forty how bless'd the being in whose heart, The Gospel key-not- e is for each attuned; Who finds throughout God's garden, in each part, Rich fruits.though vines and trees are yet unpruned. But oh! i nights He atterwards hungered. be thou the Son of The tempter said, "If God command that these stones be made with Eliza Snow, or Whitney soars, High heavenward, above all earthly towers; With Emily brigrit inspiration pours, Or walks with ''Emilc" through fair, buried bowers. Who, tributes to the honored dead.. The Hall presented the appearance of a lovely bower. One table laden with delicate roses formed a pretty frame for the photograph of Mre. Park peace about it. Her empty chair heavily draped in black 'stood near. After an orcan prelude. Mrs. N. B. Eyester, President of the Association spoke iu a few well chosen remarks closing with a prayer. Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper then lose and paid a feeling tribute to her who had passed before. the Touching were she dwelt she as the thoughts gave upon many noble qualities of." Mrs". Parkhurst whomrshe.; had known and loved for twenty years, "Dead she is not" said Mrs. Cooper, "only a thin veil separates Emilie now' from u; God has pro moted her to a higher work, but she still re 1 &mong us guming us in our var ous , numuer oi patneue iems wruteii P"68' I d -- Amongthcm4ho hrpaBateHanswered best those of Mrs. Emily Brown Powell written, man shall not live by bread alone, but and being Mrs. Hannah Nealb The latter ladyjias by- - every .. .word.-- . that... proceedeth. .put . of. the , beelFappbiHJe by With Zion's thousand mouth of God. poets offers praise, had Letters Mrs. of Parkhurst. sympathy Or shouts heroic in the Truth's defence; Accordingly thfce who wish to become acbeen received from all over the State. Tributes ' Then joins with "Lute's" artless, childlike will search the the plays, Deity quainted with of affection from those who knew and loved In loving homage to sweet innocence. the and good spirit will aid them spriptures; her well. The music rendered was pathetic them the joy and inand their in Such is give pursuit, and thy soul, Elvira, today, do itin- humility-n- ot and appropriate. The resolutions as adopted desire if I'll close-thithey I they have telligence Birthday tribute, pen'd, weroread and a lor controversy and dispute, but an earnest to tho bereaved copwas By adding. I am bless'd, to feel and say, Badges of mourning I claim thee as , desire to become acquainted with! the spirit were distributedfamily. my sister and my friend, to members, who were re- - . that Jesus said He would'send to comfort and L. Lula G. Richards. quested to wear them" thirty days. After the bless all who believe in Him. audience singing "Nearer my God to Th'ee," But wait a moment did He say all? Well the memorial exercises wcro at an end. None OUTGROWN. it is supposed that those who do frelieye will can express the deej sorrow that has befallen His commands; for it is -- written. in John not keep only the Association but hosts of admirers Nay, you wrong her, my friend, her love has simply out14th cbp. and 15th verse, "If ye love me, keep and friend in this irreparable loss, grown, mv commandments. And I will pray the Alma Alden. One can read the whole matter the her heart by translating and He will give you another Com- Father, San Francisco,. May,4, light of one's own. auwo-nuno may mat tnrrpr 0 summers ago, when you wooed her, you stood on the the Spirit of truth; whom the world Can self same plane; CURE FOR DIPHTHERIA. receive, because it seetn mm not, neuner not Face to face, heart to soul's heart, never dreaming your knoweth Him; but ye know Him for He could be parted again. 18th The Scientific American gives this remedy dwelleth in ycu, and shall be in you. She loved for. diphtheria: "At the first indication of xrprsp "T will not leave you comfortless; I will you at that time entirely in the bloom of her ' and life's early May. the - room - close, rdiphtheTia-in., come unto you." 19th, "Yet a little while, ' l. I ... . .... 1l i And it is not her ye see me, ue- - then take a tin cup andi pour mio u u quumuy fault, I repeat it, that she . does not love the world seeth me no more,-ou- t - : Then : : ; you today. r:T of tar and turpentine, equal part3. nanse l live ye suau ncaw. Mature never stands still, nor souls either, they either go In hold the cup over the fire so as to fill the room, i he said,' "Abide in . me n and on.i - . ' UUU - ith wr.e ' ' '. : up or go down, in you. As the' branch cannot Dear iru.it oi with fumes. The little patient on inhaling And hers has been been it steadily soaring, but how has itself except it abide in the vine; no more can the fumes will cough and spit out the memwith your own? : "T I am the vine and braneous matter and the diphtheria will pass v;r ye, except ye abide in jne. are the branches; he that abideth m me off. .The fumes of the tar and turpentine re has purer and grown and aspired; straggled yearned and I in him, the same bringeth forth much loosen the matter in the throat and thus afford and wiser each year v do nothing. If a the relief that has baffled the skill of The stars are fruit, for without me ye can forth now farther above you in yon luminous as a branch man abide not in me,he is cast atmosphere. For she whom and is withered; and men gather themand cast you crowned with fresh roses, down yonder burned. five summers them into the fire and they are ago, The worthiest people e the most injured by Has learned Does not this show. that we may lose our that the first of our duties to God and ourselves and of na slander, usually find that to be the fait handi6wne as;ja dead branch . - s - . u . l9. iu . the-childrma- -- " . ... . ke . . . . ... I , - I . " ; ' . a-- 'as--w- , Her eyes now . are sweeter and calmer, but their vision is Nearer as well; ' . account. of any of boast proud being never we May bfefMirw e. -- 