WOMAN'S EXPONENT;. you to take advantage pf this opportunity to show to the world the wealth and. the grandeur that God bas given j, must unite yourselves;togetlier there must such a contrast to Ihe surrounding valleys and mountains that, with the exception of a bliug monuments. vSom.e of them standing erect and. near enough to the road to be ac- cessible are thirty and forty" feet high and known as the fT)irtyT)evil,,T areTas bare of; almost perfectly symmetrical. Not many w miui. uu ijv: as miles a from a is oi crater. there uie mouin hill another of At verv lanre rifc..J, cgciuuon tarian division; you must be brethren and distance these bare mountains 'look:, like dimensions,, tliat looks like it 'might be the"-chsisters. Aiifl sisters of Utah, you, must solid granite, hufa nearer "inspection shows left when the gods had cut up red work for your own land; you must bring to them to. be a species of lime stone, that air-th- e cedar pile and mahogany wood for lire use, so great fair your products and your glor- i- slacks, and each rain washes a few inches of peculiar is the shape and color, of each ous things. this -- almost impalpable dust down into the separate stone, and so uniform. ' You have a most beautiful site at the valleys precluding the most adventurous Where ever in ourtrrp(whK Fair'. You" .have as lanre an amount of from getting firm footing on their fprv unc, over mio iseaver valley via. ic;jmty space as Montana , Nevada and Tdnhr;Aiyi Richfield and Clear Creek can von), we found "the day set apart for your celebration is the But about the journey. We were to ride a house at nightfall we were made welcome 24th of July, a most glorious one in. your in an ordinary wagon drawn by an ordinary and treated withthe greatest kindness. history. On that, day your shakers, your team,, with all the usual accessories to camp-mKyeif to oiir hosts - rising extra early and :greatineiir-will-gath- erand: the' together, out; provisions, cooking utensils, bedgetting us off in good season the next mornwill liouse to people gather around, your ding. ing, which is the acme of frontier hospi; hear what God has done for Utah, ""and what The first day we followed the river, wind- - tality. Where there were no settlers, we you have done for yourselves. Now, you m ir 111 and out amonir little knolls of th camped out, knew how to tal:ara&mu: above described characterise arts) and en ue urave. l ou wiujiaxeiiejtoa metallic hues of reen; joyed the situatKm. vSpace and time pre"trust you will lift up the blue, purple and yellow, andver vivid vent me from enlartrinir on manv interest iiifW Hands ol these women, and all the women So fine and yielding was this constantly slid- - particulars. of the' trip, that I am sure would that shall hereafter be. appointed. You ing aust, that the wagon moved noiselessly, strike a responsive chord in the bosoms of must have Columbian clubs. I wish every and the tread of the horses feet was scarcely many who became acquainted .with; Utah one of these Young Men's Mutual Improvediscernible. So silently in fact that a team before the advent of railroads. ment Associations would this winter resolve approached vs from the 1 IiLXKN JakKman.1 . opposite direction, itself into a Columbian club, with, the view and deeming themselves alone in the midst of advancing and displaying your own reof a wilderness; the gentleman kissed his wife THE CRY OF THE TEN THOUSAND. sources, and showing what Utah is. We just as our wagon rounded a curve in the '''I stand upon the summit of my life; wish the young ladies would do the same. road not three rods fiom them. the' grove,. Every city, every hamlet- - and every town Sixteen times during the'- day we crossed - .Behind, the camp, the court, the must have one of. these Columbian Clubs. stream which lias a quick sand bottom. The battle and the burden; vast, afar You must get so enthused with this spirit, each time bqing risk of our lives Beyond these weary ways. Behold tiie Sea aseparate that you will wish to give to Utah the to give piquancy to the otherwise niouoto The sea o'erswept by clouds and winds and highest place among her sister Suites and nous journey. At night we camped at' the Wings, Territories. mouth of a box canon, called locally the By thoughts and wishes manifold, whose breath Is freshness, and whose mighty pulse is We want to see everybody at the fair. It "Grand Gulch." peace. Palter may be that some of those I see before me Ave built a fire, cooked surmer nml A will never see the grates of the fair onen. voyage itself is rest, .BQgeiiourlTrsbei Inight; some 111 the wagon, and others on the Majestic motion, unimpeded scope, rowed cheek that they will soon see that ground with only. the' canopy' of" - heaven for A widening heaven, aurrent without care, celestial city where Godhas in , store-To"7"":.'"' Eternity TdeliveVance, promise, course ! 7V Time-tire- d them scenes and joys that no earthly fairs souls salute thee from the shore. The next morning we passed through box can produceBut I want the young men canon and I hope I shall be able to make Browxlee Brown. and the young women to come see-it vou as i (tid. i r the motin Ln t ihn d You can by economy get the money for you been cracked from I WANT YOU SO. crest to sea level and the find will, all the expenses not very heavy. wagon road made at the bottom of the You' "cannot afford to miss this culture.' Dp crevice I Deep in the cool and quiet grass fancy it would have looked just so; Never a human step to pass, not let your beautiful country ake second or as one of the children ' " quaintly remarked, or third place.' Every man and . 'woman of "God has marked out this road Bending cedars a watch to keep, with His AllJhings wrapt in a silence deep; you must put your shoulders"' to the wheel finger to on - and go up When through the twilight shines afar help- to make your representation second this side of the 'mountain nor down on the The pale face of the evening star, to none.- I hope to see you all at the fair. otner. ; I whisper to the grasses low: The culture you thus obtain will make you The road .itself was scarcely wide enough "I want you so I wanryou so ! nobler mothers and grander yi ves, and you to "two teams to pass each other, but permit will. go forth side by side with your brothers above our heads AH through the slowly passing towered these massive walls days . to elevate and ennoble the world. I tread my quiet walks and ways; of rock hundreds and hundreds of feet hijjh,-"" I have not shunned life's 'tender without vegetotignwsave Iieread-- . there graced' I wear no sadness on my face; where some hardy shrub clung in a dizzy BEFORE RAILROADS But when the twilight shadows fall, and frightened way to the face of the cliff. And peaceful quiet reigns o'er all, Half way through there is a natural well,or Before the advent of railroads What wrong to breathe, since none can know, rather a pocket in the rocks that was full, our beautiful Territory, when we through f'I want you so! I want you so!" traveled the day we passed it, of pure sweet rain much by team, it was my good fortune water, and I am told that the supply 'never I have not turned away my eyes to make an almost ideal journey t; a through From of or blue of green earth, skies, very sparsely settled district. Just before we r emerged (rom' And I still hear, as once I lieard, HiisisteS of four persons beside which is four miles in ieno-thhe"prty into Kntiii Thesplash ottrealirand song of bird. myself and husband. . There were our two HValleyr the clins "widened :out into ' a vast The way seems smooth before my feet, children nine1 -- ' j ip j j j sage-brus- h " - -- g . - ; ,. eiy -- fit-Id- , -- . ! - -- . ? noinW Thex-showby-t- , : r -- . - to.-the-fa- - ' , - . . ; ! ; - 7 . : - M'con -- . jne and 'seven, aged respectively teamster and tbe nevitable-passenger . -i- .JJiejra&jwteven was considered a matter of unpardonable churlishness not to be willing to take one or .more persons along,if you were traveling by team. We began our journey way down in the Blue Valley country, but recently a ' of Piute County. It is the only nlace part that T . - ttie bdutif lay Oie grand old Henry mountain, densely wooded from base to summit, terraced amphitheater. bearinpsenibIanceiQahe4)ictures I the at Rome as to be strikin- - Th re. is.:much danger iircanipihg in a place like U1 xVi aiuiougn tne shining over head a thunder shower 'anywhere above may pour a deluge of water into, this place-aany moment. .The down grade is such as to give such a stream a terrific force . - i Yet in the dusk these tears will flow. ' "I want you so! I want you so!'' have-seeiro- f I I've wished no, other laugh less free, No other's heart less glaff for me, And I have turned with sudden fear Lest man should mark the unshed tear, Or note the quiverjner that came When careless voices spoke your narre. y sun--inay--.b- t adjifakeifk:Hins true tragedy has occurred in this same Just at the mouth .of the: Gulch i n h place. is bterallygosed : " Dear, is it wrong to malcefhis crvi Thank God d en r love, you can not know Ljvant jouoLTwantryoubr1'7 ' ' The Magazine . oPoelry , " . . D ; 