t WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Dear Aunt P'SPnriQ' rC li. Em: , -- 'Dear Brother 'and Sister: T received your very kind and 'welcorae'Jlet TpiTa week aero. I ?HoaiawHte to oftener. joa time is necessarily employed. We often talk about you, and wish we could see you ail. Even little John remembers your comin to He talks of it, gee us, and bringing thfe baby. s and how gooa tne oaoy latner is tor sending us the Juvenile Instructor witk.suh--i)re- tt no other amusement he takes so much comfort in as listening to reau- I know you must be kept very ing. busy with your family of boys, but what a comfort children are to their parents. There are trials for all of U3 to pass through, but our trials are so much easier if we trust in the Lord and, acknowledge his. hand in all things: The money you so kindly sent me was gratefully received, and was quite a. surprise. The, Sunday before it came, 1 went to meeting, and the Bishop said that all the tithing of every kin must be paid before next Saturday nightr I owed five dollars in due bills, for my earnings and a calf; and I had it on hand, for I had saved for that purpose. But. I was .tempted not to pay it, and to use it for something else. I overcame the temptation, and paid the five dollars; and after I had done so, I felt so rejoiced to think I had overcome. And at night T received jour : letter and the money you sent; then I felt ashamed of,having doubted that The Lord would provide. I thank you both, and the Lord also, and pray- - Him to TitmjQlZJKni I bles3 and keep you always.-- - V. IT ""U. ? Mr Bel amV The following extracts from a private letter, I'feel sure, will be interesting to many- - of your readers. The writer is a widow with five young children. .' L. L. G. R. ' - " WOMAN'S VOICE. " de.c,ibid by T and it said unto them, Behold my oeloved son. m whAh-" wwni in t stood-J- tf 1 X 1111 well.pleased, i , wnom lt nave donned mv When Jesus descended among them, and after ione iuaven. I!ut like nil coVrcc ,nt convincing them that it was he that had been crucified, he taught them the gospel, ordained twelve apostles and taught them many things which-hc- rt orbiide thorn to -- write; and J t sus blessed them as thev did nfiiv nnt, ; .,,i his . We have nn countenance did smi e udqii tUi nlii,a. . t im f " of his countenance " did shine light them upon "S been in operation, and behold they were as white as the countenance and also the garments of Jesus; aud beto he Gospel, On! . obf1 hold the whiteness thereof- did exceed all the whiteness,yea even there could be nothing upon earth so white as the whitrn " ,.,i 'he taught them for three davs "and afW tlmf to be .? classed he did show himsidL imtQ-lh..- n pithe or" break bread oft. and h it unA Saintsf lf Latteay them. lie healed all their sick.and their lame, present some opened tho eyes of their, blind, ot the instances to whiVK way'. T unstopped tho i. ears of the raised deaf, a man from the dead, It is recorded m the 1st 0f the Acts and the mouths of babe, and thev of the Apostles that Peter chap., opened and the rest of the uttered marvelous thin oys. and tho thimn w1?aIi ' Apostles were preaching the Gospel id Jerusa-lem- , O ""'VU they did utter were forbiddeu, that thero subsequent to the death and resurrection saould not any man write them. "y of our Lord and Savior Jesus and that Christ, eho-ewhom n Jesus had discipjes , i tneir npnrpTQ vara began from in meir nearts and that time forth to baptize and to teaoh rH.cu Vi7r a mnntr raid, Men and brethren what shall we do?" "as dul come unto them And as mauy as wero Peter replied, -- Repent, and be baptized every in the baptized nanio of Jc.ii?4 wpr filial wJk one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, for the Holy Ghost, and many of them saw aud the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the heard unspeakable things which are not: law- lu and in one day there jue uoiy unost; was added to their number about three thous- ...1U1..1U ue wniten, and tney taught and did minister one to another, 'and they had all things and souls, and they continued steadfastly in common among them, every man dealing justly, uuuinue ana ienowsnip, ana in one with another. And tie told them to take' of breaking bread, and in prayers; and all upon themselves his yname, were that believed .imvtogether and had all founded things his and upon gospel, by Jiisnarae common, and sold their possessions, and goods, should be called af life last day." they and parted them to all men, as every man luid I will make only a brief extract from the need'' oCGrealJPrice We find reeorded also that irihll lime tHey" JPearl too already lengthy: "And the fear of the enjoyed the gifta of the Gospel; the sick were Lord was upon all nations, so was the healed, the blind were made to see, the deaf to glory of the Lord,' which was great upon his people, hear, the lam ojto walk, and the dead .were and the Lord blest the laud and they, were raised to life; and every man heard the Gospel Wnpoa'theimoUntarngy'arid upon tho high in hi3 own tongue, whatsoever his nationality, places, and did flourish. and the Lard and the people rejoiced exceedingly in the his people Zion, became they were of one hart Holy One of Israel. and one mind, and dwelt in nVlitp.nnsnp. In the lUth chap., of Matthew, we find that ana mere was no poor among them; and a young man asked the Savior what good lo, Zion in process of time was taken up into thing he could do that he might have eternal heaven." life. Jesus told him to keen the command I will. now. quote from the Doctrine and ments, but The-you- ng mananswered, "All Covenants from a revelation given to Joseph these things have I kept from my youth upL SmilVtbe great Prophet of' tho lUth century. what laclv I yetfr "Jesus said unto him, If April 23, 1834: 7 ; r.-..- -i : 1 . TES - iUm tn gve TiVf-Mr- ert W r,-;,- -.u i for-the- -- ' .; . -- - NATIONALISMT The subject of Nationalism, upon which I have been appointed (or something akin to it, but under another name) has for many years, been, to me, a very interesting one; but unless my mind shall be enlightened by the Holy Spirit, I shall not be able to do justice to even my ideas upon the subject. Nationalism, ias I understand it, is the con- -write - . " thoujilLheip -'- j':' FoHt it expedienrtharllhOrdlliould and ffive to the poor, and thou shalt have make every man accountable, as steward over treasu res in- - heaven; and come """and follow me, r earthly blessings which I have made and pre But when the young - man heard that saying, pared lor my creatures. 1 the Lord stretched ,lL he Iwent. a'way jormty ul for, he hacLgreaUpe oulrhe heavensraad blillOhelF as a very BQiiaauon ot the interests or tnepeopie oiji haudv work, and all thin its thprpin ormino'L nation, and I believe that a person who can sessions, Aucu.caw ukwuuw nis aiscipies, that rich man a shall "And it is my purpose to provide for rnvr conceive of the beauty and shape the ideal of Verily I say unto you, heaven." Saints of the for all things are mine. But it must into kingdom such a system as Edward Bellamy has, in his hardly enter Let us now turn to the .book ot Siormon, needs be in mine own way; and behold this is "Looking Backward," must to some extent be inspired by the Spirit of God. Such a system and see what transpired upon tlik continent the way, that I, the Lord, have decreed to proafter this time. In the book of Nephi, the son vide for my Samtsythat the poor shall he exalted could not be carried out without unity ,and unity in that the rich are made low. For the earth" is who was the son of Helaman, we find i3 a principle, or the effect, of obedience to the of Nephi, multitude gathered: full, aqd there is enough and to spare; yea I Gospel: and it haa- - been said. '"JNo man that, "there -- was a great knowtth the things of God, but by the Spirit together of the people ;of. Nephi, round about prepared all things, and have given unto the children of men, to be agents ujto theragely3 thp. Temnle which wa3 in the land Bountiful," tftrmanilearthaaake which "tnereiore ii any man shall take ot the abundsays tnat oy tne praceei"tw-T"had taken placeat the umeof thecrueifix.oa:of ance which I have made, and impart not his Vstem w&ich he w nicelr portrays, all' incenI' prortion, according to the taw' of my gosptl, unto tlVes to ri ih n'n est. v ftrp.t.ake!Vwft tne poor- and tne needy, he shall, with the cities were overtnrown ana mauy is always a space, between the theory and the notable Jhe wicked, lift up his eye3 in hell, being in tor- practice of every new system, in which some swallowed up in thejdepthsoOhejcaod ' meut. the earth was changed. 'I hey of face whole it to preliminary step3 have to be taken get Now, in the light of the evidence which we and wondering, one with ' come into were marveling would working order. First, then, have upon the subject, it appears to me very to one another the conversion to the theory; then implicit faith in another, and were showing which had taken plain that the Lord designed that all His chil great and marvelous change umor 01 it. lastly, but not least, a. win dren should share alike in the blessings of the " T were also conversing about In and they gness to sacrifice all ofa person's worldly place, &jssi.tnatiWeti . fie comes whose right it is to reigu,it will be so arrange; and aa "com- atb. And while th,y were Wi propnecy no one could know that any thing.. Sus ruing ing events cast their shadows before," many conversing, one 'Jpuld succeeJ until it had been demonstrated thuikiug peopje jyjjl sol spoLe oat. of heayen, and br actual practice. Iheir minds;" but a perfect system of National- J; l3-tfWTjrldxallaT "nationalism (the le eta-4h.rr- ih -- . . . " . I .. ' ' ' i.. felklWIKet f - f i'. ; - ' 