Woman's Exponent. EMMELINE Published semi-monthl- D. Editor. WELLS, Lake in Sail y, City Utah. Terms: one copy one ye.ir, $t.oo; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made 1 r clubs. .City papers cred by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50; per month, $300. A liberal dis- count to regular advertisers. Exponent office, No. 2 E South Temple Street, second gate, east of Deseret News Office. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. ' ' Address all business communications,to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter. Salt Lake Decfmueu 15th, City, 1892. A HISTORIC HOUSE. Hqushs have histories as well as in- dividuals, and some of them pass through a variety of singular experiences also like their masters and mistresses, which written up after the manner of Dickens for instance might be very interesting to read even in this day rich with incidents worth nothing. To tell the various .scenes that have been enacted in many old habitations would be ' to go over the events of many lives, and might not be entertaining to those connected therewith. W nether notable or not the house now occupied by the writer, is certainly histori cal in many ways. Old and gray and weatnerr Dentin, nn t t in tlie time of the settlement of this great City, and by its founder Brigham Young. Occupied first by members of his family, and his-trrea considered ojtifiDLthe-Jiomes-leader and pioneer, whom Edward e has designated as an empire builder. The homes of all truly great men are in a sense historic and of national value, and BriglOT Young's name grows more and more illustrious the world over as the ' years roll by. At an early period in .the history of the house Daniel II. Wells came to dwell in it, and here during his residence therein were transacted many things per taining to the growth and advancement of public interests,; pertaiinng to the Church and the TVrrit6ry7avil7 political and military as well as things spiritruai. In the prime of his life, it may well be said, Daniel IL Wells took up his abode in the house as it originally stood an adobe structure of bur rooms, afterwards adding-iuuu remark for those ably spacious days. Several of children (sonve them now quite widely known) were born here and many came to ask counsel and to hold com- unpyonjwithats geiiial masterryMeet:-insr- s t me cares " of jiienhQ.wertat-w-wv' and responsibilities of a new government were held in this roomfor the" last seven years known as the little office ptthe-WmtAExpWntT and deliberations f -fc- ef Tul-lidg- " -- - ... '- - if - and conclusions were arrived at, that- - had weight with the community. The old stone wall With its' massive pillars erives a sort of feudal dignity to the place, and thousands of strangers, stop and wonder, and some admire the tone and . style this superb, though homely, structure, antique in its appearance," lends to the long low dwelling it protects and shelters behind ' its gates. Leaving that past, the history of which has been. recorded in the History of Utah by Bishop O. F. Whitney, we may with all due propriety mention more recent matters pertaining to the old home known for forty years as the Wells' House There are in all communities leading women citizens as well as men. and in this : . . Salt Lake Crrv, Utah. .tlie.-Wells- EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 92 " Paxtfcularhouse 4 have gathered from time time as in any one house in Utah. To some this may seem a little exaggerated but the facts will we are sure verify the statement. Eliza R. Snow, the President- Relief Society, the largest organization of women, this side the Rocky Mountains was a regular visitor here as long as she lived; and here in this very room most, of the" business pertaining to the conducting of the Society" in all its several Stakes and branches, not only in Utah but throughout the world has been deliberated upon and decided. Many thousands of letters pertaining to this charitable organization have been written here' at this jame desk, and from here sent abroad to nearly all parts of the civilized world. 3; Zina D. H. Young who succeeded the former Presidentrliamade this "place lier headquarters in the same way, and still continues to do so. Meetings of seveaal different organizations have been held here regularly or at intervals, where much has beeir planned relatingto', tlie interests of women and their intellectual and spiritual development. The preliminary gatherings for "the work of organizing some quite important associations have been held in this house, and credentials prepared of-th-e- - ' for those who have gone as delegates to represent tlie respective associations at headquarters in Washington and other places East and West. All the preparatory work for the Woman Suffrage Association of Utah Territory, the selection of officers' and their appointments, the Constitution andBydawswasonejiem the public meeting held iii the Salt Eake ;7 Assembly Hall. : The Woman's Mercantileand Manufacturing Inst'n; which represents con siderable capital and is managed entirely-b- y -- . Co-operati- ; ve .wenwasonginatedand helditseafliefancT afterwards regular Board Meetings here for some time. 7 The Utah Woman's Press Club was or- . house. Without alluding to Jhe improve, ment made and the work done by this club" of writers, we can assuredly say it, has been, a great pleasuie to meet from time to time, whoseTon-stan- t these bright intellectual-wome- n effort is the advancement in the broader paths and fields of the higher education of the world of mankind including in' its largest sense womankind. And now we come to the latest organization effected here of which 110 previous mention has been made in the columns of our paper, The Reaper's Club. This is really a literary club of women, who are past school or university life, but who wish to keep pace with theprogress being made nowadays, in the great variety of nnr1 tnnrW studies' such as histnrv. JHVitViUl 'J , nnrienrall literature Xutfeiit its forms and phases, in and whose interest in the intellectual and moral development of the world is such as stimulates them to make every effort possible for general enlightenment, moral, - I is -- limited 7"to "thirty membeYsnbeside five honorary members; the topics so far have been Queen Isabella, Columbus, Ferdinand, The Reformation, Savonarola. Among the , things which make this an interesting house old as it is and queer as it seems compared with the modern cottages, is the great number of celebrated people, local travelers, tourists who have made visits within its r wralls, or calls long or sliort at different periods since it was built. .. . .;; In the palmy days of the early pioneers, Sauire Wells fflS lip'was r1cirrtiot -- of ed) did a great-de- al entertaining; and though those Were the dflVS nf Qrnrrifv nnrl high prices, he was famous even then, for his hospitality. Many, dinners and evening parties were given here to the brethren and sisters, and upon occasions to men who were occupied in official positions civil and " time-honore- d ' ' " ; solemnized here, and other happy occasions; and indeed of even tlie A people of note, which are known to have taken place in this old house. ,? Referring to celebrated people, who have found welcome in this old house during our sojourn therein, we may be excused perhaps in mentioning foreigners, authors, editors and people entitled to newspaper notoriety. Among; the many not literary have been distinguished men in Church and state throuhout and Military men, Duchesses, Countesses, Countesses and many poets, Dowager authors, lecturers,doctors and newspaper men dAYSmeajof besides: .the people-whhave neither rank or title, but simply want to see and hear. o and holds its regular meetings in this same " ' military. Probably there are not one of the Apostles of this or former times or those in authority In this Church who have not been entertained at some one of these social gatherings in this house, besides many hundreds of others; 