WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the week, the great school days of - inajori-- I ty of these students are young people but occasionally we see a grey haired matron or gentleman apparently as energetic and as the youngest and most . en-thusias- tic sprightly. Well I fear I have made this letter too long already; I do not, wish to weary you . as I have something more I want to' say to you in the future. With love to you our " dear president, and all the members of the club; I am yours sincerely, - A ' PHYSIOLOGICAIy LECTURE. TiiU following is a synopsis of a lecture given before the Woman's Hygiene Physiological reform class at Eehi Aug 31, 1892. -- by "The subiect is the period of child-lif- e when development into manhood and womanhood begins. The little boy and girl, may grow up under the same conditions yet you will notice by their walk and talk a difference in their natures At the age of ten perhaps every thin being normal the boy will display qualities suited to the hardier side of life; the girl will lean to the tender side and so it will be . through life. They are not created the same, their vocations in life must neccessarily be different in many particulars if they .would reach the exalted end intended by their Creator. What. is the end intended? That to which I refer, is to become exalted beings as we are dealing nowwith our Creator. But: a'preparatory state. Physical, mental and spiritual development. Each has its bearing upon the others and to have the training well balanced' must go hand in hand. The little child must be and spiritually trained : physically mentally ' Let me s'peak first of: the physical trains: ing. Axoa s laws ana. mature s laws are perfect and are one. If we govern and are governed by perfect law, is it not reasonable to suppose the results will be most satis" ' 87 As they advance into their do not -teens, mVI ,, f nT.11? uiougiii mat 1 men ana wome." were associated tegether in this tetfdn'v not; put her capacity,! it would be elevatincr to both, also out, at tne wash-tu- b or ironing-tabl- e three or that when Utah should present a constitution lour days out of every week. If you do it asking for statehood, justice to women reis at a risk of her womanly development. g quired, that it should contain a clause, Now we will take the mental and political rights and privileges spiritual training, Great injury is wrought on menequal and women. Said it was woman's the growing girl by her or urging, to purify politics but if she, were allowing her, to master her education too early in life. province coming down to the level of some men, it xuouy 01 our young girls are exceedingly would be a great letting down, we will be brilliant and as they disroyerthejjeauties- - -- known by ouHVuits: of v. uiuticm urancnes 01 Short speeches were made bv Maria Holt Knowledge which fill them with so much delight, it is and E. Mc'Farlane. Vice Prest. Phebe C. wut uaiurai mat tney.will make an effort to Young related an incident, where a woman master as many of them as possible. They was arrested and cast into prison , pij mus not be allowed to too put great a suspicion of teing intoxicated, and was strain upon their mental powers, because found dead the next morniner with a new " the mental draws its support from the 1. . . . t a lUhiLXLAiyiizr siae; uiougmr-tnar- il yj physicalJMviaiidf police matron had been there, such lack of. exJiausts the physical organism. The most care would not have been exhibited. Said important organs particularly can be greatwe could hardly expect that men would be ly injured and in many instances they are condemned for crimes against' women, by completely robbed of their power to per men who were guilty of the same crimes ioral meir part ot the mission of life. If themselves. " these things were .not so often done in igDr. E. S. Barney said she favored acting norance, how many would be the crimes to upon principle, rather than policy. be accounted for? Is it not a crime to willPrest. Howard announced that the next fully thwart .the designs of our Creator? meeting would be for the election of officers Among other blessings, God has' given and renewal of membership. Mrs. Bassett womankind one grand mission to perform , again delighted the assembly with a sweet namely that of becoming mothers. No insong, and the meeting adjourned. ' vention can cover it. Woman must perC. C. R. Weixs, Sec, . form that work herself And how proud she ought to feel of the distinction; nd with what exalted feelings should she in A HAPPY EVENT. spire the minds of her daughters in regard May sweet content be yours uponf life's sea, to their existence; making plain to their A r t cvorT sli.r fulfil A UU n. piaux diiu ucbigns ui our vreaior men wnatsoe er your lot or destiny in peopling the earth. For in these tender True love will bring you trust and happiness. In the Manti Temple, November 3rd 1892, years of their lives while developing "Elder Thomas L. Sloan and Miss Edna M. Wells physically they are laying the foundation of were in the sacred bonds of marriage. united, their constitution, their character and their The bride is the youngest daughter of the late future hapiness. Martha Keener, .Gen, D.JL .and Martha G. Wellsrand the bride-"- " Erovor- - i., put the con-ferin- . ' - J , . Y .v There are many things to be considered in the physical development. Diet, dress, ; rest. ,V - ; , t. What kind of food : shall our maturing work, play, r . '. - - 1 ' : xo : . factory? I W. S. A. SALT LAKE CO. groom the son of Phebe and.the late Edward L. Sloan formerly editor of the Salt Lake Herald etc. There was no reception given; but the young couple went quietly to housekeeping without the demonstrations usual amon? the vounp--fnllrnowadays; though both are. very popular in society and received showers of congratulations and some very elegant and choice presents. Everything looks favorable and propitious now for a prosperous voyage on the sea of life; and may their happiness be as complete as it Is possible for mortals to enjoy. The bride is popular in society, a gifted, amateur artist and has many other accomplishments; and withal is domestic in her tastes and fond of home; Mr. Sloan possesses those sterling qualities of head and heart that have endeared him to his friends and are essential to success in life. May their experiences be such as develop the best and truest interests and excellences An the building of a home here and hereafter. s The S. L. Co. W. S. A. met as per adjournment in the 13th Ward Assembly Rooms, on Tuesday Oct. 18th, Vice Prest. L. K. Spencer in the chair. Opened by singing ' 'Wyoming, " prayer Elizabeth M. children eat? Pickles, pastry, candies and Price. Singing "Oh come come away" nicknacks? Many do eat such things,1 but minutes of previous meeting read and apnotice the results. On the other hand, eive proved, r Roll called, the program was them food made from grain , fruits, rendered as follows:, reading by M.; A. vegetables. And in all the plain palatable Freeze, on the duties of mayor, song Masrsrie- Bassett. speech Elizabeth Mc'Far- and digestible forms that e mothers are capable of preparing, at the same lane, in which she expressed an opinion time forbidding stimulants by teaching them that it might improve the city government the evil pfTfrt3 IvMticr xrnnrcplf nn PYnmntf 11 we had a lady mayor. :i 1 : 1 WEPDING BELlr "7 ;7 and then again notice the results. MiY..DougaUjhosentitoents-of-th- e How shall thev be clothed? Cotton un former speaker, and thought if wromen 'But happy they the happiest of their kind! ' j Whom gentle stars unite; and in one fate long tight waists, garters, thin had more to do with the municipal governTheir hearts, their fortunes and their beings stockings v and tight shoes. - Mark the ment, that many of the present vils would blend." ';,7; r' reffect? not exist. , our. becomes and : : avery pleasant-on- e ? On. the contrary: give- - them perfect freeE..M. Price, .speaking of somejoflthe ob-- ; tooJ! to record thedatyz marriage of Miss Josephine dom in every part of the body, wroolen or jections to Woman suffrage, thought the Simmons one of our compositors in this office fnr enmo voire in'l 'nkn l.. .U. if . Jl silk next the skin; every thing supported: time would come wnen tne men wouiq.-.pe the forms for l.he Exponent for two or three vears from: the: shoulders; shoes suited in quality-t- as much ashamed of the Dresent condition U of th5 yUttZ&rls the season. And last though; not least, of public affairs as they are now, of the who has a success of and it is ' ancient our wish sincere nccsucVefn! that will she nave me "ducking be as in piiiLui way wvij pentxi. duties as she has been that if her Vice Prest. N. C. ' ; . wide-awak- 3 - - ; -- 4- - . T der-wea- ' r, -- ' , ; -- a? o .tit i , type-settin- g, in her work herewifely . t l wen aware -were men it very in therf varied talent. play rest and exercise requires more ' m wisdom. But I will Miss Simmons we feel has begun right; : She especially of noiirt Room. eto. the floors would be kebr speak the work.' feet would and tobacco men's clean of was married to Albert Wilks an exemplary and Juice, : on of instead upright young man,in theXogan reposing stay on the floor, Temple Novem-' 2nd ' v. ber r 1892. . window-sills. . ork. Do not allow idlenesslfbr just-t- o and tables On the evening of Thursday November 3rd a Ter. Prest. Sarah M. Kimball mentioned reception extent it is allowed, it will bring ruin, was held at the residence of her moth- we them work but let the workbeof some reforms brought about by the Kansas er Mrs. Henrietta Simmons of the 20th Ward this share in the which a had we the pleasure,, of .attending had when City City, they mat J Will UUl 1UJUIC UlWli. women, Taylor thought - "i, all must be governed TUwomenwereassociatedwita ' I - m , m I A. I , ; " ; ; H -:n: " ; , r . r , 