1. 0 Jomcn Vou 20. of Zion, and the RWU of tkt Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH CONTENTS. Shakespeare's Birthplace Marian Taylor. In Rural . EnglaDdr-- A Story. Obedience Better -- Than Sacrifice L. L; G.R; RrSYTtTMn" A. and P. A. Reports Woodland North Jordan Utah.,, W. S. A. Reports.- - Do Something Ex. Death of a Heroine L. W. Editorial: The Relief Society- .- Things in General. Half a Century. Editorial Notes Anniversary Celebration, Woman's C. M. and M. Institution Gladys Woodraansee. An Able l. - cape prosecution at tha ban?!! nftw L.ucy,--o- n whose estato.of Charlecote, Shakespeare-had ben poaching,-tha-t in the Metro-" polis he won fame and fortune. first, as then a3 a writer of plays; that in. 1 679 ha purchased a goodly sized house in his native town, to which he subsequently retired, and which proved the scene of his death in the year 1616. The houses ofStratford are substantially built, and cive one the idea thut thm mnr. opulence than poverty amongst" the oF-RI- " With the common right of Suffrage, can't a mighty nation . J7 mm a. ' . - Oh ye favorM Sons of Freedom-be ust; Chorus. .. Apathy, pretends to patience-wh- ile ' hoary-- .- Ap-pea- J . Poetry: Called ""HomeL.MHejvIm -Loose ine isanas trnily n. Woodmansee. Re- and magnanimous Need the "Weaker Vessel" be compeU'd to kiss always ' ' the dust? , : 1, 1892. In the sacred name of freedom, for the sake of simple' - v condiUons harsh and ' While oppressive senseless Statutes, mar a .wlion's name , ; and glory; Antiquated, wrongful Edicts must be speedily reneal'd: Woman's Right, must be conceded, Serfdom must to Freedom yield; r T -- an-actor- aweli-to-doia- ir Jperyading-lh- , pacel'hQ o pnncipal'Eotel is noticable as having all its rwms namea alter tne diUerent Shakespearian sponseHope. Violets L. M. H. The Song of plays; thus the love sick swain may sweetly the World Carrie Renfrew. TdreanHn the "Romeo and Juliet"' room, and' -Join the ranks-a- nd ralselhBeToTthTwoman the ambitious and secretly ruffian J Array? take may in slumber ilklrrJ the room uneasy Never mind the shafts of For the Exponent: envy, never mind the tempsts nated "Richard IIL" The house in which stormy;, - CALLED HOME. Shakespeare was born is in Kenley St. and a'f Liberty is worth a struggle, worth the cost whate'er it no great distance from the Great Western Rail? ; be, j : FANNY AND TALULA, way Station. Of it Washington Irtug'mbid; Cah. we' evex oYervalueatute's noblest Legacy? is a small, mean edifice of wood and "It piaster They have passed away like a gentle breath, a Chorus. true ... of which seems to place resting genius Their eyes are closed in the sleep of death, - in its Wiser in delight hatching grows the world and faster much is done, and offspring ,t In Spring, and nbon at womanhood,. Xhis however does not describe the building at much endeavor'd, Tender and loving, wise and good, the All humanity, rejoices, that the Negro's bonds arc sever'd. present time, for after having been freAh! too good for the sinful earth, in the behalf of progress.as a crowning act of grace-Now, quently by repairs carelessly exeOnly the angels knew their worth, has it at cuted, Let, Consistency, forever, free the Mothers of the Race; length been restored to some So they called them home unto them, ' Doubtless, Woman's ''Legal Status" is a farce, and noth- thiug resembling its original condition, and ita Decking their brows with diadems. appearance now tallies with the vfact that the ing better; Better to smile when such true lives, il Yet, withal, some Foolish Virgins" would not loose a poet's father was a maul of some means in his; Are called home from earth's bitter strife, i rr---- Suf-fra- ge blood-thirst- y ' - 1 ' ' - ' ' - . -- . s., by-coner- : "'..''' ;, , half-ruine- 1 i Better to know their tasks are done, Trials all ended, glory won. Sad tears are vain when souls so bright, Wing their way to the gates el light. Called awayl but their sweet good will, Lik6 fragrant odor lingers still; The tender lesson's mem'ry brings Love's, healing mantle o'er us flings, We' learn to follow paths Be more like those, now gone to God, . single fette;.---- . Wrest from man, the Right of Suffrage an indignant hosts " , you'd see; Loose the bands I Oh captive daughters- - Hail 1 japproach: ing Liberty!' ..: - -- - , : . j Chorus. Emily H. Woodmansee. -- they-trod;'- . ' ' -, SHAKESPEARE'S BIRTHPLACE; L. M. Hevvlings. My heart was touched and moved to write these lines aner reading the notice of those sisters departure from earth-lif- e -in the last issue of the Exponent. cgeneration.""7- d -- The front door leads, into a small kitchen in which there is a large oldffaabiohedi English :with the cosy ingle-noonow out : of date.- There are two other' rooms on this' floor, but it was in a small room umtaira ihkt: the great Shakespeare first jaw' the light bf da and thither we wend our way. The few pieces, of furniture call for no notice as they never h&.i longed to thopoet, but the "walla icribbled over I with names remind us of the round chamber in the Tower of Loiidoa, that prison of iWilliam Wallace where signatures of high and low are seen side by side. Turning to the window we see scratched on the glass ifie autograph of the great Sir Walter Scott. The rest of the house is used as a museum and amongst the curiosities to be found there is a jug which belonged to the poet, also a chair which he used at his club; a gold signet ring.beanng his imfaUfr some wood from the mulberry treeUbai ie ' planted in me garden ot ew rJace,.anu,the? juice of the fruit preserved in a small bottle., ; , wi Leaving Shakespeare4 house behind 'enter High. Sr., containing a rich collection,of old gabled houses, one of which bears the date f 1596. A little further, and we dome to Ifew ' . PJace where the poet died. Sad io" my, nothing remains of the house! but some of the foundation stoue, carefully netted over with wire tharsoujf this being ' ' that a eubsequent owner first cut down the mulberryltree plantedT by, Shakespeare, , and ; then a few years later ra"2ed,the house rto" the! ground, because the rates were too ,hjgh; a piece of Vandalism which mufct cause the namer of Frances Qastfeli to be execraud by alt, devotees at the shrine of genius .J. ', , '' In the garden of Kew Place is a picturesque , cicerone at the well, informs which, the traveler, every Ameritnttjpslo.rjpk fire-plac- e, k - i c . ; Just as mauy a Californian allows the bim in foreigner visiting the world-fameYosemite glorious Valley, go there are numbers' of Englishmen who have never seen the birthplace of the immortal LOOSE THE BANDS. is a .place of pil : Shakespeare, although it the to many Ajmericans who flock grimage -Ustl the song of exultation, (chronicled in sacred pages) annually to the Continent of Europe. Rtrfltrnrrl nn Avnn. in thfi Cnnntv of War- List! the, Bards triumphal . Anthem singing through a ha the very heart oiEogiand; "Ifwick, is "situated thousand agesl"" ..... .... I . ' n : . t t .1 i List, the iovful exhortation full of rjromise. hope 'and m tne miasi oi scenery iDreaming peace anu ' . trust ..:r. '.. contentment. v"Loose Thy Bands, Oh captive daughters! lift thyself from I. The surrounding country generally flat, ' ' " I . and for the mag-nigcout the dust,'' but considered be tame might Loose the bands; Oh growth of trees which greet one on captive Daughters, captive Wves ""'and captive Mothers; t every side, and which add a sylvan loveliness Lift yourselves? 'tis fatal folly, to entirely count on others; to historical associations. Loose th ha in the The town itself-i-s like I to be free; v ; : midland coun ties and has the same sleepy look peea the day of Woman's Glory. Hail approacning I, ft? though its people Were quite. content to re main a'- hnnrTrpiI vpnrq bphind iheir neighbors V their own at Chorus: I,Landinfact prefer jogging aloDg g Loose the bands. Oh " laic iUjuiuiug ju captive Daughters claim the priviCon-- ; cities, the characterizes that wealth large, lege to be free; .' fame of the Warwick-- : Speed the day of Woman's Glory. Hail approaching sidering the world-wid- e -' shire poet, it 13 strange how com oarati velj f Utile IS J&liUVYU ui uuu nnuau; vvnmu , Answer! Oh ye captive daughters, answer! ev'jy. thought- horn w? know JjOWCver that he WW ' - fill woman I i "nl f L in" oil rTnKKiltftr luai lie April "terefore are we kept in bondage, are we counted strictly at Qrammer School, that when human? but whether to receive irpiratiou thereby or--to very young he married Anne Hathaway, a Born,&fce men, all free and we forced are wherefore slake his thirst is unkupwr. equal maiden of the neighboring village of Shottery, to fight .'.',, ;. v The Shakespeare Metnirial next atiracW union, which proved . unhappy, that a Jew frefcre are we forced to wrestle,; for a naturalrneedfuit ,a kfpf hfl wftnt to London in order to es- - our attention oy iu tomewnat too snowy ex to out-stri- p " d i . : : . ? j ;. ,' . - : ; ; :. . nt - ; . , 1 . : : i v Cttay-gUiO- : ! ; , r ; ; ivy-cover- ed iui, fa Riht? ' ' y - ..,.. , . - , -- - " ...... - " 1 -- 