WOMAN'S! EXPONENT. had been said, and thanked all the sisters who had come to attend this conference. Announced a meeting for the Primary Utah, I fully agree with our beloved lady at the balls, picnics, etc. Does he' not brother. Concerning the advice to parents by his own admission, "visit at the houses about the training of their daughters, ,1 feel of the rich and fashiouaTne7Ttirereby sure that he will pardon me when I say, the impression that, that is what suitsgiving him?. 1ni1i that according to my views, he might with n1n tlifi Ttclte wlinm " ' O(rivinr O tj' jvnnnf it is "their sweet society" great propriety have added ami their sons. reason to think that That a spirit of extravagance is rife, in which he craves, and what ?more "natural our midst I am only too painfully sensible than for them to imagine him to be in love, of ! My heart aches, and so I am 'sure do :;an d that he w i si i es to secu re love I n - re turn those of many "other mothers, who see their for all time. Are they not justified in children partakingofthe spirit of the world Jlhiukingtliiit if .he prefered another' that has cqmeaniongst us, which fosters than their own, he would seek it? As custom, controls in these matters, and extravagance, by which .means class distinctions are brought about, and the passmen . are.. free to seek whom they will, would it. not be easy for a man who ocport to. "good society' would to a sensible observer, seem to consist in cupies a position yeilding only a moderate the; disposition., and ability, to spend for salary, to find among Uiq matiy overworked their own self indulgence, the means which Women of his Zt'orld, one whom he could their lathers and mothers have toiled hard love for her good qualities, and perhaps in their younger days, to accumulate in equally as" pretty face, fine talents, and en- order to have something laid by for' old age in the accunmlaiiQE ister-uimcultivationT-twliicIiTI- ie "injglit "of which, they have probably denied thembe the means of assisting, when she became selves of every luxury and DOssiblv the his wife) that the .world might be better for 4 comforts of life. his having lived in it. ; ' ' And what is 'good society' according to When a man confesses, that he dilly the general acceptation of the term'" in our daily's around the rich and fashionable who . would not make him welcome, if he were day? Well opinions differ upon this point as not their equal in fortune, he confesses to well as upon all others, what goes by that about the same kind of a weakness, which name, by some, might be termed merely a girl displays when she indulges in exfashionable society. And while on-e- holdtravagance in order to catch vjhim, only to ing that o pinion 'might be thought by some find that she is blamed for his disinclination not competent to judge, by "another equally to marrv on account of her 'trnr.mrnnrp asnntelligent they might bethought to be I am of the oninion that the stnrlr renro. the very best authority, and so it goes, each sented by the aforeinentioiied "young. man' 11. judging from his or her o vvn standpoint to lnayaswell be allowed to run out. There w7hich they have a perfect right. is already too, many of him; and marriages For instance,oiie set of people endowed enierea into wiin sucti men, generally end with the gifts of wisdom and knowledge, in the Divorce Court. But to come to our own children. If industry and economy, of truth and virtue, charity and benevolence' of temperance. they could be converted to the Gospel, they T Thursday afternoon. Mary Sevy gave notice that the, Young. Ladies would meet at 8 o'clock. Hy inn sang "The .Spirit of God," benediction by President J. W. Crosby. . -- . -- , ( , rANGUlTCII PRIMARX. -- The Primary children metat2 p. ni., and sang "Kre you left 'your room this morning, " prayer by Patriarch --J. I. Hey-wosinging. "Beautiful Zion built above." Bishop Miller announced the necessity of reorganizing the Primary as the former president had mo'ed away. Sister Mary K. Schow was elected President, Mary Ann Cheele and Susanna Lambert as Counselors, Adalaide 1 ebbs?- - Secretary'. -- -- od, many subjects, xl welt at length upon the mission of Joseph Smith the Prophet. Sister Howard followed with many good tilings for the children, long to be remembered. Those sisters just elected1 to office were requested to remain at the close of the meeting and be set apart. Singing "There is benediction beauty," by President" J. W. Conference Crosby. adjourned for one year. H. ACuosby, Cor; Sec. ; deep-thinkin- and-potjleniTfirni- trv; er - . ' - "WHY SO MANY MEN DO NOT MARRY. Some thoughts have been suggested to my mind through reading an article upon Ma v. J.his.siibiect in-tr of the-Juvenile Instructor, which was written by he the Kditoror that valuable magazine. The zresultDf a: couvexsaiiohlwitha voting man ot good education; and of an old American family, who from his position had access to the best society." This young man in conversing upon the subject Which I take for my text, stated it something after this fashion. "My friends" he said, "are wealthy, I am welcome-t- o their houses, I see the luxury with' which they are surrounded and to which their daughters are accustomed; and however strongly I might be inclined to marry, my- jiui nicbc y ouiig iiiuics is suen inai i lcjjct haveiiot dared to ask one of them to share my lot and be my wife. My circumstances are such that I could not furnish them 'with that style of living. I do not want to ask a girl to step down and occupy an inferior DOSltiotl. wnnlrf de T?p;rlp; hv mnrrvinoprive my Self of advantages, which as a single man I now enjoy. These ' consider restrain me from marrying, and they restrain many more of ray acquaintances.The Italics are mine. I like the refreshing candor of this young manupoiionel poiutTiz. ' 'that by marrying; he would deprive himself of advantages which he now enjoys, ana it is my opinion mat tins is the main spring, which moves tjie whole - a-Uo- ?is ry. "In The Editor further says, Utah we are beginning to experience the same influences that have operated to bring marriage into disfavor elsewhere. In view of these things parents caiiiiot be too careful in training their daughters, so that they have iwonceming the condition of- - affairs m g - - , . ,ionestyiimd;integrityr:imdlU elements, which go to make up a noble character j might consider, that a class of --i- Marriage is an institution of so sacred a nature that it should not be lightly entered ynotingnpeopie" view it .also in that light, it hacl better not be undertaken. It seems to me that the most fre-"- " quent cause of divorce, lies in the carelesss ness with which people enter state-into the matrimonial either "on the part of one, or both, of the contracting nto,--antruniess called "good society." While yet another set,' 'who devotes its time to a study of the fashion plates, attending operas, balls, excursions, promenades, and amusements of any and every kind in and out of season, 'willing and seemingly determined, to spend the m eans which others havearned, scorning to perform the like labors by which others have earned it, drinking gambling debauching, leading the innocent and unwary astray, might consider that such only could claim the title of 'good 4 society. So eaeh class may set up a standard for itself, and by Its influence draw those to them who are congenial, but it will be like a pebble cast into a body of water, which forms its own circle, but whose extent is limited, another, cast in the same silent as disstream, makes a separate one-ju- st tinct. While wealth is a mighty factor in carries on nioving the tnachinery-whic- h the affairs of this world, I think it is very much over estin about happiness. 1 his representative ' 'youngnau whom we have been quoting, confesses that by marrying, he would deprive himself of many of the-' advantages which. lie now en; joys. As I before said, I believe this to be the main spring of the situation ! Let us look a little more closely into the evidence before us. For whom does the average young lady dress, and adorn her person, if it is not for . seek for the most fashionably dressed young now-a-day, .jf1 w-- f. , adi vine iuuii UVH , 1 Icliv; tXj commaiid, he will be looking for a whole-soule- d woman to link her destiny with his, and if he is w orthy of that kind of i a Wfimnil 1lP will trpTvirinrj- t v,, 1 - to1-.- of her and her children. But if he is like a great many of the young meii among us today, our sons, who cannot keep out of debt on a steady salary of $2.00 per day with no one but themselves to keep, a young lady Would display a great deal ot courage (my first thought but I think recklessness a more suitable term) to join forces-withaattempt to" bear and rear a family by such a man, even : if she should get the chance. How many of ouryoung ladies today are t workmg-iutactorie-sy in families, in stores, in schools, in dressmaking and millinery stores, in printing offices, in lawyers offices, house cleaning, washing and ironing, as telephone and telegraph operat-- , ers, typewriters, nurses, doctors, lawyersf and in numerous ways earning their living, and bid fiiir from all appearance,to go to their graves unwed, while the young man with nearly always a salary double the size of theirs; and if he is in some professions, three or four times. nd , hatr-dressin- g, Qebt ana afford to-marr- y. galpuui ; - -- As I said before, when our young people - 