W OMAN ' S EX F ON EN T ,48 c Woman's EMMBLLk Published Exponent.: Editor. B. WELLS, ia Salt Lake City, semi-monthl- y, Utah-50 Terns: cts. So year, 81.0O, one" copy six months, redaction made for dabs. . City papers delivered, by nail, sine copy one extra for postage one year, 25 cts, "Advertising rates:- Each square, ten lines .of nonpareil pace, one time, S2.50; per month, 13.00: A liberal discount - ' rregialara;lvertLHer3. ExroNEXT olceNo. 25 E., South Temple Street, second 10 pleeaAt orTTesereTewil Officer Business hours from a.m to 5 p."m. every day, except Sunday ; Address all business communications to V PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, v - -I- - ; Salt Lake City Utah. Entered at the Tost Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as 'Second Class Matter.. Salt Lake City, April 15, 1892. face of this earth that will attract the attention of the God of heaven and the jieavenly host, it is the one before us today the assembling of this people, the shout of ''Hosanna," the laying of the top stone of this temple in honor of God. My brethren, sisters and friends, we want to finish this Temple;. we want to dedicate it unto God as soon as we can, so that the vast host who dwell in this region of country may go into it and attend to the ordinances for their living and for their dead. I hope we shall all lay this to heart and try to furnish means so far as we can, in order that the building may be speedily completed. We jare able, as a people, to do this. I realize that Saints there are many calls upon, the Latter-da- y for the work and purposes of the Church and kingdom of God upon the eartrj ; but this work now before us is a most important event the most important that we have upon our hands. I well remember the day and the hour when this first revelation for the redemption of our dead was received by4he roouthtof thotophjtLoLGod Who can comprehend this? Where is the man or woman who can comprehend this principle, that we have the power to go into these Temples of our God, and redeem ;our progenitors our fathers and our mothers, from whom we have descended? They never heard the Qospel; they never enjoyed the blessings which you and P have in our day and time, through the mercy of God. We are their posterity. They are on the other side of the vail, shut up in prison, and will remain there until their sons and daughters go into these holy places and redeem them, as Jesus went to preach to the spirits in prison three days and three nights, while His body lay in the tomb. Some of them had laid there a long time thousands of years up to the time when Christ, was crucified and His Spirit went to them in prison". President Woodruff then proceeded to enlarge upon the blessings enjoyed by the Latter-da- y Saints in regard to their work,, in the Temples,. and said he rejoiced in the knowledge that the Prophet Joseph Smith,President Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball and others formerly associated the with them in this great la eartn were rejoicing today at what they saw and heard. The shout of "Hosanna" would enter into the . presence of God and they would rejoice thereat. S a far as we tarri ed out th e purposes which God had placed upon us, and the responsibilities devolving upon us, when we got through here we should have the privilege on the morning of the resurrection of sitting down with Abraham Isaac and Jacob, and those of our relatives who haq already passed away in the family organization of the celestial world for ever and ever. The choir sang CEREMONIES. Conference now just passed d The has been a very important one in the history of the Church and exceedingly interesting to every Latter-da- y Saint.. Commencing on Sunday April 3, the services have been calculated to inspire the people with testimonies of the truth of the Latter-da- y work and urge them to practise every virtue that will make their lives more. useful, and to lift them to a higher and better standard of excellence here, and create union, and prepare them for the ..exaltation to; which the righteous may attain "through faithfulness and the love of God. The congregations have been very large and the speakers have been greatly blest with the Holy Spirit, which has been abundantly poured out upon the assembled multitudes. President Wilford Woodruff though suffering from a severe cold has spoken with great power, and earnestness and Pres. Geo. Q. Cannon, Pres. Jos. F.: Smith," Pres. Lorenzo Snow,- - Apostles FranklmDJlichard.s, Closes Thatcher, F. M. Lyman, John Henry Smith, John W. Taylor, H. J.Grant, Mariner W. Merrill, Anthon H. Lund, and Abraham H. Cannon, also Elder B. H. Roberts, Pres. A. O. Smoot and Elder John Morgan, addressed the 'people in the same earnest and impressive manner, and the Conference altogether was very significant of . the great work now:rapidly progressing. v , was the grandest day of Wednesday April 6th, the Conference. The priesthood in their general quorums according to their order occupied the of theTabernaci.e filling up the remainder the east end of the lower part of the hall and galleries, crowds of people, an immense multitude filled the doorways and the yard around. After the morninexer-cise- s the meeting jwas addressed by President Cannon in response to a resolution that had' been offered during the Conference and Pres. Lorenzo Snow instructed the assembly as to the order of the ceremony or" laying the capstone of the Temple, and the shouting of the Hosanna to be uttered on or after the laying of the capstone, said the words of the shout were introduced by Presi- - -St- sixty-secon- ands-andmaicupart The Temple Anthem. Benediction by President George Q. Cannon. At the close of the services in the Tabernacle, the priesthood arranged in procession in their proper order and under the superintendeticy of Bishop John R. Winder, marched to the grounds adjoining the Temple. On a stand atthe South conifer of the were the First Temple, Presidency of the Church Wilford Woodruff, George Q. Cannon and Joseph -- deWJosp7iSm fejLmith,ofth were there used at a solemn assemblage where the Spirit of God was manifested and the vision of the Almighty opened up to the brethren. "This is no ordinary order, but is and we wish it to be distinctly understood a sacred shout and employed only on extraordinary occasions like the one now before us." Pres. Snow made other remarks and then proceeded to give the idea, and the people joined in the hosanna shout, the effect of which thrilled the hearts of those present. Snow, Franklin D. Richards, Moses Thatcher, Francis M. Lyman, Jqhn H. Smith, Heber j! Grant, John W. Taylor, Mariner W.' Merrill Anthon A. Lund and Abraham H. Cannon.' Patriarch to the Church John Smith. There were also six of the sven Presidents of Seventies and the Presiding Bishopric, Presidents 'of Stakes and their Counselors. There were reporters tables also where the Deseret Navs reporters. and' those for other papers were seated. The platform was If there is any scene on the was decorated with the national colors; to the left was a platform occupied by the Tabernacle choir said in substance; Daynes accompanied the music. "Held's ban4 stood immediately East of the choir. The ceremonies began with the Capstone march composed by Prof. C. J. Thomas and played by Held's band. The Tabernacle choir sung the for the occasion by C. L. hymn, composed " ' , Walker, " . Eternal Father, In the name of Christ we pray Thou wilt b!ess us with Thy presence, W hile this crowning stone we lay; ' Let Thy favor rest upon it, Let Tby.hand protect thes'e tow'rs May Thy peace brood over this Temple, It is Thine, O Lord, not ours, ,1 It is .Thine, it is Thine, it is Thine, O Lord, not ours.' 1 - 4HE CONFERENCE AND CAPSTONE -- and, another stand also decorated with national bunting,, where stood the Conductor Evan Stephens and an organ upon which Prof. jos. J eJexaisdAhouteht.fe . Glory, Glory, Hallelujah, - ...''. Heav'n and earth and angels sing, ' Heav'n and earth and angels sing. Choirs celestial join the chorus. " Christ our King. Praise- Him, Praise Him, Christ our King. ' :. Shout hosannas, shout hosannas, Glory be io God our head, For His everlasting mercies To the living and the dead; Joy now reigns where once was sadness 'Midst the prison's dreadful gfoom, Millions hail.with joy and gladness, . Victory over hell and tomb! Victory, victory, victory over hell and tomb. ' - - - " '" '"' ' 4 CHORUS. Sound throughout His vast creations. All His vftmdrous heavenly host, Glory be to God the Father, Jesus Christ and Holy Ghost; Smg ye bright seraphic- legions Loud as thunder in the sky, Pealing through celestial regions"""''" Glory be to God on high, Glory, glory, glory be to God on high! - . - President Geo. Q. Cannon exhibited to the assemblage of people a brass plate scribed, IrrL-men-se in- HOLINESS TO THE LORD. The Temple block consecrated and ground broken for.the foundation of this Temple, Feb. i4 1853- - The corner' stones were laid April 6, i8-commencing at the South east co"rner.The names of the "authorities of the.Church April 6 1853 and the names of the authorities Apri 161892 were engravedalso the names of the architects T. Angell and J os. D..C. Young, and the fi riishi rfcf ' words were: "The capstone was laid April 6, 1892, by President Wilford Woddruff. This plate and a number of books, were laid in the capstone Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, Voice of Warning, Spencer's Letters, Key to Theology, Hymn Book, BibIe,Compendium, Pearl of Great Price, and some others, photographs of Joseph and Hyrum Smith, Brigham Young, John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, George Q. Cannon and Joseph F. Smith and of the Salt Lake Temple as it now. ' ' stands. . The following prayer was offered by, n ' - - . V " PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH. ' , - O God, our Heavenly Father, we desire to draw near unto Thee at this moment and offer unto Thee the gratitude of our hearts for. this pleasant and blessed opportunity that we enjoy of assembd ling ourselves together, on this the anniversary of the organization of Thy Church in the earth in the dispensation of the fulness of times. We than Thee that on this occasion we sixty-secon- "rpfnfmearnviTe of this buildteg which we have been permitted to erex;LthusiauntQ.ihe name- of Gody ou- r- Fathe1 