The Rights of - Vol. 20. th? n?n,na UJ SALT - : LAKE fJTTV ' tt p att t -- -. Rights of Wives and Husbands R. M. F In Rural Englan d AS tory.Su.nday School for C. B. Birthday of a -Veteran. A the DeaP-- H. Social Event T. American Fork W. S. A S L. Co. VV. S. Fifty Years Past, and a Hundred Years Hence Dr. Elvira S. Barney. Woman Before the Law Locomotive Firemen's Magazine Weber Co. W. S. A. Interesting Visit Throueh iMillard Slake. ' Editorial: Letter of Greeting. Relief Society Jubilee. Editorial Notes. In Memoriam S. VV. Richards. Christmas at mesa baran m Jomroy. "Poetry: A Sonnet E. B. W. Love Divine White Lilacs Annie Fields Snnd,, School Song Augusta Joyce Crocheron.-- Greet-Jing 10 me rress .iud K. M. fox. -- vn i mr : -- Faith-Hope-Cha- rity Sr 4 A SONNET. ..j ws 10; AJSD uim room oiTnme , llltll fJWll ligut. And back to the sichtr Of my spirit the fairest days of June And the brooklet's tune; Where the garden-doo- r was left open wide, While by my side One s it. who, raising his eyes from the book With the old fond look, Asked if I loved not indeed that page And the words, of the- ae. r And as we spoke the cool blue sky, "The robin nigh, . The dropping blossoms of locusMrees ; Humming with bees. The budding garden, the season's calm, Dropt their own balm. in the shadows, and twilight,' Peering through the deep mists of the grey, To the years that long smceswept away; Till around falls the silence of midnight, But a vision has dawned on my 'sight, ' And has shown me a path oer,tbe way To the floodgates of infinite day; Tired footsteps at last guided right. Sweet music floats o'er me uplifting, The strong walls of the past cleave apart; Pale light the dense darkness is rifting, Tears of rapture unconsciously start; And memory's wavelets are drifting To the innermost depths of my heart. E. B, W. So you will believe what a posy may do, When friends are true, For the sick at heart in the wintry days, W hen nottunjallays The restless hunger, the tears that start, . The weary smart, , the and summer hush, But the old, old love Scribuer. In. these times when so much is,, being said about woman and her rights! suppose we may all have the privilege of expressing our opinion; no matter how much we may differ with each other. I do not profess to be up to the times on ' this question so perhaps my ideas will not weigh much. I do not remember a time in my life when I did not feel that women were the Bless me with charity and love, And faith in human kind; To see the good in others' hearts, And to their faults be blind.A helping hand in love extend To any down the hill, That I may prove a loyal friend equal of their brothers but have always been willing to accord them the leadership (if they were worthyrmen)lind believe the Lord go de- - - s lie ; created Adam first, and another thing I often think about, signed it when there is our why are we required to promise to oobey :v uv husbands m me marnago ctreujuujrj u l is not our head, or do we expect sometime in the future to strike that little word out. Now do not smile and think I am an old '.,'' To suffering, sad or ill. And if a heart issad or sore From slight, or words unkind May I the balm of solace pour, Their wounds to soothe and bind. O help me love humanity ; And all its virtues see, For those who love most earnestly Are surely most like Thee. to be "foy as I assure you I am quite willing the neck But while I am w411iDg he should be the head it does not follow that I am his ferior. E. R. S. in- Nevertheless let us each work in our think there are many things that women are not adapted for, vucauuna in just 'as 1 think tnere are many VP'a life . ii As to women being educated in an me arisf and sciences, and being informed on all Ihe topics of the day, or being Lawyers, Doctors, deTeachers, Editors, Citrks, etc., if they so proper sphere for I certainly .hetemtnvojMhQX'1 i WINTER LILACS. A bunch of lilacs there by the door, These and no more I Delicate, like the new' snow . lily-whit- e, ; .: Falling below; A friend saw the flowers and As one who should see A trifle, a brought them to me, glove, j'ist dropped and returned While a lovin'jglfidugDt'&i No., 14. 11 V a x leii where, in their loves and mpainies, ior in- stance. how many faults a woman will overlook in her lover, and crave ones too. svpn if ha leuort-they are serious and has made up her mind not to tojerate thera; a few promises, 'a few soft words, and with a few exceptions she will be won over and conclude- that after all he means- to be good, and he will very likely grow better '.as he grows older. That b where our weak point lies, and tho sooner, we overcome that one the better it will he for us, for while I think we should love, we hou Id let wisdom lead the way and guide us -and not marry thinking to reform our husbands afterwards; let womau demand that her husband be endowed with every virtue that she is expected to possess. There are few wen, no -- ma!M r how degraded thev mav Im but think ik:v wives thould be the embodi- Mtnt nl purity, and verxfevyKmihUmarry-a--woitu- u that wolildlmoke or chew tobacco or usj intoxicants to excess; they would laugh at I the very idea; .and yet although these were the 'least. of their vices they think it allright because they call themselves men, to ask the hand of the purest woman in the land in marriage. Custom has caused us to think that degrading actions in women are trifles in men; this is all wrong;' it is just as bad for a man to sin, as for a woinan and wo should let all men know that, women so anderstantTi0"" Many of us have thought we must always'" have a watchful eye over our daughters, but couW- go nK)t:-i- t ny where-an- d "tain? ":" care or themselvej JJut I say while we guard our daughters, as the apple of our eye, let us also watch over our sons; and teach them that God jtquircs of them the of iniud, : samerpurity and body : that He does of their sisters, let them understand that society expects it, that women demand it, and then. and not till then should they call themselves the lords of creation. It is unreasonable for a smart intelligent woman to take an inferior feeble-miudewhiskey-soaked- , tobacco smoked man, for a husband and look up to him a3 her head and dictator, but when he fills the requirements I have mentioned and U endowed with all the attributes God designed he should have, there ' . ...MI win uc lew uonieijuons aoout our pronrr nlace for such a man will' be quite frilling to give ua every right; and what true woman will not do any good thing to please, such a husband. -- KIG UTS OF WIVES AND HUSBANDS. Oh Father if I've been unkind ' Unjust in word or thought If any heart my acts offend, Or sorrow to a friend have brought, Fcrgivness now of Thee I seek, And power self to subdue. O make me strong wherein I'm weak Help me forgive like You! 892. i -- T" - Annie Fields, in LOVE DIVINE. ! "r ' J W 111 - All these, my friend, were brought back to me, - Like a tide' of- theeIr---;When out of winter and into my room; Came summer's bloom; "TheTl6wersreopene(ilho5e shining gates ' Where the soul waits, Many and many a day in vain, V hile in the rain We stand, and, doubting the future, at last Forget the past! "And lEeTflaT5"usl 1, - -- I sit J7. rEBKUAKY s - - all Nations. n IifTtin are thev Till those flowers divine , E.-R.- t the Rights of the Women of u,uaiu CONTENTS. HJ wnrana, i sire it L certainly; think it their right and privilege, and believe that intelligent thinking mothers will ;be repaid with intelligent sons and daughters, and am convinced that education of women will bring about refinement in men.i Women, areaccusedoi peingweaK,, . 1 d, L R. M. F. IN RURAL ENGL AND. viii. When Lady Anna rushed out of the house that inauspicious morning that her lover had called, she heeded not the teachings and advice of her more self contained cousin, she though t not of the consequence of her rash act sh onjy knew, she only felt that her unbounded love for him must have expression, and "la the open air she realized, a feeling of relief; she waited until the sound of the horse's footsteps were heard and then with all the impassioned ardor of an unsophisticated child who trusted one beloved almost to adoration, implicitly-ishe stood until ehe felt the horse's breath; the yMPS mau was so absorbed, so gloomy and disappointed that he had not observed ber though the was standing there that Ke might be n 