WOMAN'S 88 EXPONENT. 3 There were present most of the members of the D. C, of Red Cross fame,' is with the Rayof her several and Simmons family grandfather's mond excursion party euroute to Califorlate Bishop Ldwm U. WooJey. A family,-thnia. She is accompanied by Dr. Hubbell verymerry and happy party they made, the bride and Miss Almon. Miss' Barton says that was animated and witty the bridegroom sedate but apparently intensely happy. The greetings it is probable that the Internatipnal Red were warm and genuine, and there were kisses in Cross Society will make an elaborate exgreat abundance, from the large assembly of re-- hibit next year. latves. JJuite a nanasome crowa, inere were Between twenty and thirty women have matrons, young married people, babies, various ' kinds of music and recitations were given during already registered as students of the postthe evening and each one seemed willing to congraduate department at Yale. Yale has tribute something to the enjovment of the oc casion. There were a great number of useful "received over $2,000,000 the past year.million, presents.and some very beautiful things given, and President D wight, states ..tliat-.the supper was aencious, in me strict sense 01 me more has "been pledged. The principal be word. In fact there seemed nothing lacking to have been mike the occasion all that a model wedding t party quests from Mrs. Olive Winchester, of estate, should De. me memory 01 mat evening snouia New York, who gave $100,000 for the erecbe ever art agreeable reminiscence in after years of this May the happiness young couple increase tion of the new scientific building, and from with their love and respect for each other as time Mrs. Osborn," of New York, who also gave rolls on and in all the experience they may be Osborn Hall, and who in her will left about called to pass through may they rely upon the $100,000 to Yale. It is good to enrich principles of truth, aud hive that faith in trie Lord l will which sustain Rii in the hverlastmg Gospel Yale. But women, when thev bequeath lhera through ihe storm: of adversity as well as niotieytoetruratir IKv oTprosrH my. I 1 t a from-the-Fayerwea- - m ther" . . sun-Jun- e . all their privileges. NOTES AND NEWS. 15,740 women IN Lrlasgow,, Scotland, have municipal suffrage.' The grim monster "death" has had another . victory, and that will be the theme of this writ' with much sorrow that we chronicle the defeat, in the Vermont Senate, of the Woman Suffrage Bill which lately passed the House so triumphantly. imously. elected 'secretary of the - Electro therapeutic Society, of New York, being the first woman to hold this office. A meeting of the Executive Committee of the National Council of Women will be lield in Chicago, December Many matters of importance relating to the World's Congre of Representative Wo- 14-1- 5. ioi tt ilia nt rC f Woman's Branch of the World's Congress Auxiliary and the National Council of Wo- IA. UlVUTVU IU IU1J UiVV . vaiarfing-babyrw- Frances EAVillard went to England ; - ... - ? '----.-f poet-iaureat- e. . t. 1 1 " ' little adopted jwillThe press the button -- son of Mrs. , Palmer that is to send the electric thrill through tlie great machinery of the Exposition, The little-fellis and the son of an officer by birth, Ue-wain the Spanish-Arm- y christened " . Murilio Castelar Palmer by the great orator and poet, Emilio Castelar. ::,, ; ow ? s, La-Castil- h LAURITZ LARSEN.T ---.., ELEANOR COTTRELL MARTYN. Died May 16th 1S92 at Cleveland, Ohio; Elea-no- r Cottrell wife of Henry L. Martyn in her 66th year. ;. . , . ,. The death of a wife and mother is always a sad occasion and especially so when sudden and unexpectedrand those nearest and dearest" arer s.eetheLJiandiOf KcarcelyMefortime-tJhe-Lor- Q d in the sorrow that falls upon them, but did realize the rest for the weary soul, but they after the toil and struggles of mortality1 they could not mourn for them as they sometimes do. We were shocked at first to hear of the death of this good woman a relative whom we had hoped to meet again sometime, but we know that it must some day be the fate of all living;and that, "Anerels of life and death alike are His;" WW nUUlU W 1311 Ul uai ,t UVUV. shut the to door." His messengers Against Mrs. Martyn whose death is only now announced in our columns, was quite a superior woman in many respects, a consistent Christian and number of the Baptist Church and actively en gaged in benevolent work and a firm believer and advocate of the advancement of women in all lines of progress. Sirs. Martyn whose maiden name was Cottrell has relatives somewhere in this Territory from whom she was very anxious to hear while she was living. We should be very glad if any one of that name in the country would communicate with us and we could give the address of her husband and family. , May the, comforting . influences of the Holy Spirit rest upon the aged husband and the family,' is the prayer of one who is interested in their , present and future welfare. Editor. " fcllCH . r DOCTOR MAT HE HUGHES CANNON, 1 Office: II South, First West Street. Office practice for Diseases of Women from 2 -r- until 4 ... pr-m. wif , Keeps on Hand iudiy, mc youngest 01 me gins, nau a presentiment a few days before her mother died, while DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ' ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS praying in a sacred place, a spirit or voice told AND STATIONERY, EQUIher that her mother could not get well; but still POISE WAISTS, ETC. we ciung to ner, and did not want her to part from . . ,11.1 Drem In all its branches,' Millinery, tftt ir 3Iaklnr tii us, nuu sue uciscn uiu noc wani 10 go; Dut we B'ylf5, llntM and lionneU cleaned and retrimmedt ail believe now that it was the will of the Lord, Feathers curled, etc Stamping: done to order. Butand hence we tryjo reconcile our feelings as best tons covered while you wait, linrial Solu m Speelaltr. we can. . El Ttfn Three doorB wext of Theatre. jtj xj. WBsrsouxiisTimET, She died as she had lived faithful and trn th ' the gospel and in the hope of a glorious ressur- MRS. M. E. VAN, M. D. bhe was perfectly conscious to the last recjion. and spoke till within two or three hours of her HAS REMOVED her office, from Constitution death, admonishing her children to be coodand to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Building true. The day before she was takfn ill shp wm' Office hours, 2 to 4' p m- - ' ' round visiting the sisters in her district' together ' ''' with bister Hedervig Christensen, as teachers. It would be the truth to sav that shp d benevolent and to the poor, and a reward even for this will await her. bhe was born in Nvbonr Denmark- thf orth ftf: September 1838, and was the daughter of Rasmus 26,28,30and32 East 1st SouthSt, aim rursune jasperson. j . m. lS57 she left her home bf steamer for" Aarhuns a province in Jutland to provide for herSALT LAKE CITY. self. In that City there was a large branch of the Church, and she became acquainted with the litter Day Saints, and was baptized. Sept. 6th i860" The next spring she emigrated toJUtah, The and then you know the Tester if ImHtakg nothe, ybOight away in the City after her arrival.. On her visit io Sanpete in May-- iSe together1 with Mary Flygare, I became her acquainted and we were married in the Endowment with House ' on the 15th of June following. believe that you a good deal of my : wife and 'would like thought to hear some of the particulars of her demise, and I can assure that CO. she thought a great deal of you. Thereyou howis, TINNERS CASjVATER & STEAM FITTERS ever, some pleasure even in death itself was beautiful even in death and she w,, f.M . "with .Lady. Somerset, sailing on the Majestic, Nov. 16. She will return to America in April. Miss Anna Gordon, who accompanies Miss Willard, will spend the winter onranizintr children's work in England. Mrs. Gladstone is as young as her husband. Although she is eighty, she has never vet known what it 'was to need spectacles, and her eyes are as bright as tnose ot a young girt, bir Andrew Uarke says she ought to be called the Grand Old ; Woman. Rev. E inward E. Hale seconds Miss Willard s nomination 01 Jean - Ingelow for . li 1 me isoston lie11 says in ir A queen should have a Commonwealt1; .woman for her laureate. Victoria is to look "' ..... uic vvumeii 01r r among it. Angianu, to Know wlio has written, or who can write, such poems as shall honor a reign, now more than half a century loner, which - has a literature of its own, as in all other regards it has its own distinctive hi.st.nrv. Thk woman is Jean Ingelow.' " bilious fever. She was taken sick on the 5th. and after lingering twelve or fourteen days she began to get better, and we had great hopes that she would recover, lor on the iQth and 20th she was so much better that she sat up in a chair: but the next day, she took a' "relapse, and: from (hat on until the following Friday, the day of her death as stated, she was very sick all the time. The Jblders were irequently called in to administer to her. and we all did the best we could to exercise faith in her behalf. She was also remembered in onr public worship. I he children naturally clunz to her life, and would not and could not give ud. for thev Joyed her dearly, .Four., children are ieft to mourn her departure, two bovs and two aged respectively 25, 21, 19 and 17; all of them at home and unmarried. She meets her first born on the other side of the . - flill ings My beloved wife Louisa, died Friday . evening: the 2Sth of October 1802. at 7.o o'clock, of - It is iit-irlrn- OBITUARY. Editor Exponent: Miss Alice: Stone Blackweu, is attending the Woman's Congress at Memphis, Ten n. t-- 4- - . We did some work and received some special blessings in the Manti Temple where President Wells presided. In. these things I rejoice and hope to prove worthy that we may all meet again. With kind love and regard from the children and myself, I remain your brother in the gospel, ian t -. .j. - : " " "4" " " "" ...... M l ij .K THOMAS kind-hearte- - - - Leading Retail came-"tovewi- . th 1,1LTHO DiLVID children will hold this it, dear remeXance. Agent for RUMSEYeerebratd"OFrantl FDlff Pnmpi Repaired on t bort notice. Order 'he country promptly responded to. ATp JHIS Bei 2C6, Sill ri LAX fill b. 