WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -- this ercat help to the Church- - if a con densed repot t was presented, it would astonish the sisters; if any one should know the poor, the Relief Society, surely should; there i3 no r - suffer-Zion." necessity that any oife should remarks. other made good He also T. Booth:"It looks as though Susannah Sister the "sisters had started a new year with resolutions to improve; I realize when we staz tugs, we miss something . away from our meet Iff) I r wr.ASsea??w HaApril 7th, in the Fnnr Ki ml oll was C -- '.v, 7 "UL'-wa- oneneii . . ... vn trie -- f ay,-nr' book. song Prayer by Bathsheba the exercises continued hy .in,- oin W borage mg. Wo-ma- Electa Bullock, of Prove--, read an "AlWnrr K t' u n , ir:;J on Woman's RlcrW she also stated the7h Z "2 .r i'rt'vl Mary Silver made a short, interesting epeich upon suffrage; Mary A. Freeze" read a poem ' "The fellow Jiihn. Elizabeth Mc'Farlano inahc-Heralspoke upon an article d against women being given the right ofuffrage; nl.o referred to an article written in reply by C. W.Penrose in the New.. I am very much 1 -- pleased to have such articles come before tho peopIe,amHt shows we are attracting attention, it is agitation that brings education, I was very much pleased with the remarks of Pres. Angus .President Kimball stated that she wanted M. Cannon at our suffrage Sociable, and would the foundation law for.a-graconvention in like to sea one of his sentiments printed. "It the fall; read some questions that had been is easy to understand the love and affection prepared to be answered at the convention of which a man bears for his jvife; the love of October. 1892. Spoke of a committee to recomfor their but the love and deparents children, mend a course of sfcwlv V, votion of Susan B. Anthony to her sex is bethroughout the Territory, but had found that the circumstances in the various counties were yond comprehension and she might justly be called the mother of her sex." Mrs. Mc'Far-lan- e ago we were organized; what a blessing it has au uiuereni max it did not seem possible to also read a Scotch Poem. been to us; it has certainly made me better." carry the same course out in all. Dr. E. SRarn ey-- read a u a r t i el e4 frum - the- J&hojpHarper; "It matters notr where the a few of Evening Nacs writteu by C. W. Penroso in Latter-daSaints meet, male or female, in the her ideas on the suffrage question which were iavor or suttrage lor woman. is the same their listened the ; to of with Lordj testimony Spirit rapt attention. Lillie Freeze "I feel that in this suffrage blesses those and are that true Jane S. and the Lord Richards thought that if woman's move I. am experiencing something which I "faithful." suffrage was good for a few it was good for all, have longed for a not knowing what Sister Watkins: "I have seen and heard the and believed that when the time came to share it was I did want."long time, Prophet Joseph many times, I" know he was the benefits ofit all would be anxious to do so. Notice of a to be held on Friday President Kimball spoke of the great ad- March 18th in meeting the prophet of God. I was in the meeting the 12th ward was given. when the mantle of Joseph was received by vantage that would be derived from having a Pres. Howard had been greatly pleased and hall where women could where literature instructed iu the exercises and felt much Brigham Young." go.and be could in the Hubbard: obtained. "I was A call from stand the rejoiced always "Bishop j pleasure in attending these meetings. made for doubted a never I the of from Emerv Jos'eph representative county Prophet company Meeting adjourned until the third Tuesday and was responded to'. by Josie Childs. Meet-- , in March at the same hour and that- he. was, a true. Prophet, I have never place. doubted this was the work of God. I was in ings in that county had not beln lield for Some z ' ; Cainc, Asa' t. See. Women time. was should Relief the Nauvoo when organized. Society read, for that was the best to sisters these bles3 to ofTsrael God I pray the way AMEIIICAN FOHK WP. A. gain knowledge. Emily Richards and brethren; may rthey stand firm and faithhoped President Kimball would be preserved Dear Editor: If youw ill give us a little space ful." ' twenty five years to labor in jhe cause, for she in the Utah woman's paper I ..will, try and - Sister Harding: "If mothers are not trying to had the courage to say what she thought. readers a little knowledge Jiow the give your keep the Spirit of the Lord to help them, they (Applause.) President Joseph Smith bad suffrage cause iprosperiug here. We have a are making a great mistake. 'Sometimes the turned the key for women in this dispensation; paid up membershi p of one hundred and eleven was six years after this that women of the it the are we trials greatest through, go greatest We hold members. the last Friday nation roused themselves in endeavoring to ob-- " in each mouth fn the meetings blessings we could receive. Meeting House, by kind-nes- 3 " their tain Scandithe rights. President Widerborg; reported of Bishop Halliday.' Meetings are fairly Mitchell and Caroline E. Dye Richards "Sister said: Margaret navian sisters Society attended; we have a Civil Government class of Visited me and sent her love to all the . sisters;: .made.a fewjem eighteen enrolled ftuclentk-WisitiutjOtrrage S. tion. Elmina made of a stirring speech members who take no let us all try our best and not get tired Taylor in the exercises but part well doing. I see before me some of our and stated she had never failed to cast her vote who are interested listeners, three to eight. noblest women; do not be weary of this great when she had the privilege. Our class is becoming very iateresting, and Mattie of in three the Barrus, for Wyoming, being work." Conference, adjourned much honor, is due Mrs. Ellen Jakeman of wished words toadd encourwith us of dismiss months. Singing: . 'Lord thy congregation, -- ProvoTwho" kindly Had also voted held there, office, agement. Bro. Graham. classes. We also petitioned the Am. Fork City blessing." Benediction: offices filled by women seen and had Sec. Cor public D. Council for the use of City Kail for W. S. civil Madsen, Emilia who fulfilled their duties much more credit government clasa. Our petition was granted m m , than who men those had, occupied ably many unanimously. Mayor Cunningham instructed W. S. A. REPORTS. olives previous to the women. the Sheriff to have a" fire made in the Hall Elizabeth Howard, president of Salt Lake and have it lighted' every Monday evening for in the-13- CountyJoanna-Pattenr- f CoTVTS.-Aconven- ed Prevoraul-f.-E- v -S Vrh vi lovern ersiro.ft herATFolrt 1892, the S. on Ward Assembly Rooms, April 19th, feel suffrage quewe Barney spoke briefly merit classNow; very proud and ap-- ; Vice resident Louise K. Spencer in the chair. stion. the magnanimity of such men ahd it is preciate WoMrs. anxious of was American Fork, Lapish for such men we would, vote to keep in office Opened by singing, "Help the Working M. B. Susan singthe Sarah for Elizabeth Mc'Earlane; Kimball, who can accord to women such privileges; surely Anthony man", prayer by associaladies to the visit other and of "Columbia's Utah, the movement for equal rights of women h ing, Daughters.". towould do much tion in her district, for it Mrs Nellie C Taylor made a stirring speech advancing steadily. We have also made some the and wards stirring in behalf of working' women deprecated subject up. praiseworthy appropriations to the amount of down looked then women the manner in which some adjourned. Meeting seventy five dollars; we have a small bank to Croxa were Adah who obliged account of sixty dollar and in the Tieasury upon those of their sex ll, Secretary. nine dollars for incidental expenses we have work for their own support. ul wr. s. a. S. beenYery-uccessfMiss M, Goss socially and financially Elizabeth Mc'Farlane read some newspaper The regular monthly meeting of the Salt in giving entertainments; the association has labor woman's Lake Co. W, S. A. was held in the 13th ward property on hand to the amount of a little clippings on the subject of same.1 o vt :r thirty d ol lar?. " Ivii 1 honx)ra b ly m en t i o n Tnll" made someTom men tsisnithe Pre 5, 192. Assembly Rooms,"' March Mrs. Maggie E. Bassett and Mr. Thomas Elizabeth Howard in the chair. ; Opened by our national flag, twelve feet long, with golden" Ash worth, sang a duet, accompanied oil the singing from the suffrage song book "A suf- star lor Wyoming upon it, and as each State gives to woman her emancipation we shall organ by Prof. .E. Stephens, which was very frage song." Prayer by J ulia Drdce. SingA. much appreciated. "Speeches by Margaret ing" "New America." Roll called Minutes 'make the stars golden, until the blue field followCaine and Vice Prest Phebe, C. Young, of previous meeting read and approved. After shall be covered with the grand galaxy of ed by a sougby Miss Maud Pratt, closed the which nine new members were admitted. golden States. We have the life size pictures exercises. The roll was called and the meeting Annie'Brixon of the 4th ward, Eliza Barton of of E. C. Stanton, Susan B. Anthony and the adjourned until the third Tuesday in May at the 21st ward, and Margaret A. Caine of the, Susan B. Anthony of Utah, Sarah M. Kimball, tho same time and. place. 2nd-- ward, were appointed to act ar agents of all in gilt frames, with other paraphernalia .:. C. C. R. Wells, Sec the suffrage society in their respective wards. for suffrage occasions. We have international or txtmril of w&mea- for 1838 and 1891 which w r? fyt?TZ'rB&m?sfmrvpon pe mtreswas loan to .members on time We have fifty-on- e V. S. A. OF UTAH. these agents. T The following programme subscribers to Woman's Exponent, Woman's . A called meeting of the Woman' Suffrage then rendered. edited-monthly- . We have to be charitgovern circumstances able and long suffering." Condensed report read by assistant secretary -- Anna Wixom. MaryJensen: ..".We are. not all alike or brought up alike, but I feel we are united; that makes it pleasant to work together. Ve oughtlo be the most grateful people upon earth, for we Hre the mostblessed. Fitly years " nd . -- - Iey-Armith7Farnlingtb- u;read y - - ' M;-'-'t- -- -- ' . i f- - The-SaltrTia- - ke rd th, . . L.-C- O. -- - " : : - 