W O M AN 'S EXPONEN TL 130 IN KUKAL ENGLAND. and dispirited because of the continued strain upon the nervous system, the young ladies at the Castle longed for rest and quiet. Under the circumstances this was next to impossible. It was rncitirplv npfpsoarv that some action be taken immediately, and so Mr. Burke lnformeMiss Conway., -4 There. is no time to 111delay thi3 with the journey Weary, -- . -- -- r .. tn 1X1 U 1 1 tti n - 1 'i 'i f i iif cam ivy 1 e 1 ft Mr , lTLi f' - w. f i 1 1 1 1 i. Vxn. i r- n acted upon, the time is now advanced because of the long journey, and my duty as the, family solicitor compels me to notify all persons (which I have done) interested to assemble here on Friday night." This was the ultimatum, then. It was in the evening of Saturday , he had come un from London, and he lost no . i,..-:- u Time m sxaung nis rTranu,i' auu tie apunc im "MJs3 Conway," he continued. authority. "you will please make this matter plain to her i-- l.itTQin , nl - mpflntJrriA spp. flint, nrpnaratinns are made for the entertainment of Sir Edward's relatives, wno will arrive probably a day or two prior to the date mentioned.' Miss Conway was mentally glad that there was something really necessary to be done,other wise she would brood oyer, the declaration of Dr. Bland. Nothing further had been said, and the sel -what oung-girt-iia-notKnow- was wisest to say or do were he to speak over All the ladies, out.again. fche she knew, and wondered if. there were, one had.-thoug- among tnerawno couia give ner saie auvice, "and would she take it if it were given? She wa3 even more helpless than her cousin, for she could lean upon her, and knew too what while poor Jane was not at all confident that it would be best for her to accept Dr. i i t j ii rv s t r iir n in in ii r r t t rt ni r w. lurtu'1.1 1 1 ri-- 1 i ri . ; ' . . " . she-wante- .. such a daughter?" and Lady Walton drew to withdraw from the circle in which you are him and to full her the brightest ornamerft?" herself, up looking height "No! no, indeed; I am out of spirits, and at steadily in the eye said, "My son, never let such an expression pass your lips again conto my timeof life one should turn her attention ' she and turned that her more father," away, cerning enduring." something he might not see her emotion; for though said her friend, "if . I posWalton," "Lady years had come and gone she had never quite sessed ycur magnetisra; and power of fascinaconquered her own heart, and now that he was tion I do not think I should ever tire of the dead, he seemed nearer; that is, she felt it world " You may think differently some day, would not be so very wrong if she mourned for my dear Mrs. Emery. I am weary of attention him a3 a dead friend. Whilehe-w- as living-s-he and of thesmall talkne heargI long for exwould net dare allow her feelings to conpansion of soul and intellect. The. son was entirely trol herinthe least.. iiLjamsurpriseu at your ambition. Fane -v. beof cause of the the for instance, Lady Walton, lhebelle of London estrangement ignorant tween the two families. He wondered why his societv. termed 'bluestocking:.' " . mother had any interest in such a disagree"Not yet; I have not the talent; but if I had able old fellow as the Baronet had. been reI would go into seclusion, take a villa away puted to b; he could not realize, not knowing from here, avoid society, and write a book. I his heart history, that he had once been a" .fine have the taste for it but not the ability. It of one of the old aristocratic, titled must require originality,i feeling,' experience specimen ' I n n n l i 1,1 tamiiie3,no3e toTeiatnpr3 narinae expression.' 'And do you mean to say you have none, of English chronicles. But his mother knew these fact3, and what had brought about the these?" . "Oh, perhaps some depth of .feeling and a change and made him old before his time. If son's she had not visited him that night on her little experience, but not originality, nor any of account, she too would have been ignorant practical power to put thoughts to use." seemed "I imagine you have seen more than one plain, things many things that now distant the brooded far in she which had over love affair that would do to write up in a romance." "One cannot be in society without past, that had beeiT unfolded- in the conversation with her former suitor, and she could not seeing these things; but ,1 have shut my eyes help feeling that fate had brought about that when I was likely to see too mych." "That .meeting, that some explanation might be macV might be a good: plan; everyone js not so dis before he passed away. creet, but seriously," Lady : Walton, I "cannot : So it was aU right, , notwithstandin g the .comprehend the change in you. "indeed, my friend, you surprise me; I must embarrassment she had felt, and a sort of .consciousness that she ought not to have sought interest myself in something; I am determined And yet -- nbt'to live such a useless life; it only brings him even to intercede for her son. bitterness and 'Dead Sea Apples' as its" recom- she had ohm said in a dreamy, way, "It must be right to know at last that I wronged him pense. ConMiss "Bravely spoken, Lady Walton, and I will unknowingly." Lady Walton, like way, had no one to counsel with; she could join you when you have found a cure for - ,.neverfixplainlaJ2erjson.ihatihe father .of the. ennui." ; .. .,...- . 1 ... .r It was true that Lady Walton was changed. tbrward to a life of single blessedne3 3 and toil girl he loved had been her own sweetheart and in the house of some relative, latterly her admirer,and that through all the years he had She longed to go to the Castle and see the" two lived since then he had carried her imagejn young women, and she had an idea that if Jane uncle Edward's, or as governess, or companion to some gentlewomanr This hstd been the extent his heart of hearts, and so, like Jane Cona ay Conway were like her mother she would be inIf she had but known of her ambition, excent the aspiration to do she kept silence. But her cheek grew paler, valuable as a friend. right for the love of principle. This seemed and she cared less for. the gSy parties where she that on that fateful night, the Baronet had had been the gayest of the gay. The death of confided in his neice and told her of his disinterwoven in her very nature, and an inherit' And thi3 very the Baronet could not outwardly affect her; ance she clung to tenaciously.1 appointment and the treachery that had that is, she was not permitted, according to separated him .from her, ..she might have idea made her shrink-fro- m . marriage with a man whom she felt no special preference or conventionalities, to mourn for him; but her gathered courage to go and confide in her, now attraction for, that it would be wronging him husband noticed a change in her manner, and when she felt such great need of solace. - But she did uot know, and time went on. Miss and above all wronging her own acute sense of frequently found her in tears, and would ten2, honor andluprightnes3i"If I only knew what Conway .bad superintended all necessary derly inquire the cause. She always answered him in monosyllables, and he grew.to think at arrangements for the coming guests, and thus - va3 right," she often said when alone. She had not yet learned that the Lord would guide and last that she was falling into a state of melan- - time passed quickly. There was much to be - choly, - and -- proposed more-pleasand gayj done; many of the "rooms had not been used, direct her if she sought aright. shecould be, society; it was the only remedy he knew. How true she knew . Faithful, and only occassionally for some sportsmen who had even if her marriage should be an unhappy . could he think she could look back thirty years come down from London for the shooting, and one. That did not trouble her. She was not and mourn inordinately a summerpastime; so no ladv'tf touch had given the apartments the thinking of happiness as the highest good. She little do men understand the hearts of women. appearance of home. Now the cleaning had His business occupations, looking after a large been thorough, and dilapidated as the old cousin than she would fretted) less about-h- er have done lor her own affaire was more puzzlestate, left him little time to reflect seriously, place was insfde it was sweet and wholesome with a genuine air of home. ing. When Anna talked to her she gave her and he had never troubled much about Helen, learned reasoned to in except like one sound advice, and A day or two beforehand (of the appointed give her everything a lady should had best Walton to in move Maitland have He the had Friday) a lumbering old coach was driven into the art of society. kept away from the castle and behaved like a allowed her unbounded liberty, .jand loved her the yard by a queer coachman, who seemed to in his own fashion, as men do the one to whom make himself quite at ease, and out camefuch hero, and she admired his manliness, though I their name is given and their honor plighted. bundles and wraps, and finally at last a very bis sweetheart hougfc t it cruel and unkind. 1 fe was waiting patiently to see what turn He looked upon himself as a model husband large old lady, with a stout cane, and more ana words know to some in other hlfairs would take, or in reticules than she could manage. Miss Conway respects he was; stili JLady Wah tes. i te had ton d unsatisfied,-annow that she longings the halJrhenshe-addressepurport tament. His mother spared no pains in inter- - had come to know the deception practised her sharply: "You are Lady Anna, the that friends Hall at her had her she whole had visiting upon changed esting him; life; she I presume, Edward's daughter; you're not a amusement-mureviewed the past with some degree of bittersic, iuhI there was. always some beauty though, by any means; your mother was hours flew and the ness. "For Maitland's sake"! must go in tg :a rare ,one, golden hair and such eyes; ana dancing, riding, had called Walton soon society," she said one day to a friend. "Ancf " yane could not get a chance to tell ner su rapidly by. Lady why for his sake? . Are you growing old; yob alter their return, and for the first time then was mistaken, she rattled on at such speed. Her. met Lady Anna. pale complexion, fair do not look it; you are far more beautiful now She finally succeeded in getting her upstair, in your full matronly maturity than the Ahair, and delicate figure, with the deep mournyoung her maid following with wraps; etc When was she misses which in who dressed, impressed Lady ing throng your parlors, or the balls she had taken off, some of her outside wraps Walton deeply. "How beautiful she is," .was and parties given in London society?" I canJane ventured to ask her if she were Sir her first, exclamation to her son on his return not comprehend you of late; you are to which she proudly replied she changed. aunt, the . the home after interview, arid, Is it that Italian' whose fancy for you and ycum? man your was Mrs. Judith Baymore, and his fathers ' old Sir could Edward have music is so shockingly absurd, makes udded"How own sister. "Are my daughters' not here yet. you want - . ure , - . " love-makin- g. hrin - d - Ed-ward- 's 