EX PONEN T; WOMAN'S 126 writers. We have many excellent musicians, The minutes of the former Conference were r J few artists in oil paintings, .water colors, etc. read, and approved. Some talented women are now studying abroad. The President was the first speaker, felt thankful and.was: glad to see so many out Exquisite work is done'in China paintiog,crayon, beautiful laces, fine - needle etc. Silk culture, "would. like to; hear; the Presidents of the " which has been quite an industry in tins Territory, - branches report - after "which we would hear from Sister Young whom we.; felt it a great deserves to be encouraged and developed, .There A number privilege to have with us are lawyers and physicians,-alsthoroughly edu r of Presidents reported as having faithful and cated women teachers In the public and denomiworkers ready and willing to respond; national schools; also in many charitable institu- - energetic . to every call to help the poor and comfort the ffirps and bookhinderies larp-numbers of women are employed. Women are mourner etc. ; Sister. Young .was . pleased to ; hear the also engaged in dairy work. We would add that testimonies that had been, t borne; there were women pay a fair proportion of the taxes. In knows" consideration of the earnest work being done in many sermons in them. The Lord our hearts, we can be his jewels if wetry; all these branches by women, we again urgently sisters do not doubt this work, we will come. i.T. : t.. wie icgiMamre ...in win generously enauie rqeuesL o'fT victorious if we are. faithful I thank God for Utah to make. a creditable exhibit of her wond- this society. Sisters "jmee-t- together often' r .4 i : , - t j t j ttri,i comfort one another pray with and for each in 1893. , other, the Lordy will hear our prayers 'and ' Respectfully, answer them too. 'Mothers" watch oyet your Margaret B. Salisbury, children; know where they are at night; try to Alice. IJWjiale. keep them fro , Lady Managers for Utah. your influence to get' them to - attend .the The ladies of the Committee present with Associations organized for their benefit and were Mrs. Alice J. Whalen, Mrs. Judge profit." I feel as "though the Spirit of our C. W. E. B. Mrs. .Mrs. Bennett, Lyman, Wells, beloved Sister Ma Smoot was with us; sifters Mrs F ' S RirharHc,-Mre,-l-let us be faithful.' B. Cannen. been- Counselor MarillaDanielsAid a feast of good things,we must love one another nrnnrmnripH hv thf T portclatiirf anH Mrc "RlrhrHe and strive to keep the commandments of God, made a short speech in which she stated it was and serve Him with all our hearts. We the first opportunity given to women by the govmii$t look after pur children and raise them in ernment to make a representation and she felt the knowledge of God that - they may be faithful after we are gone etc. utan nao Deen sufficiently misrepresented, etc. I : Sister Young gave some counsel in regard to . . - , to-d- ay. o silk question. Presr Young bdd:. (said the elements were full of silk etc. "Sister John the spoke on the principle of faith t knew Lord could save the sick ifrwe ask ! in faith and letus pray for strength to sustain us day by dayAfter singing and prayer. Conference adjourned for three .months.; ;, Benediction by - A ; III t.1 14 VJ1UI VO. . 3 . . . , .ul. , -- . Mrs-Salisb- ury " -- . W. S. A; REPORTS. '"'''" - 1 . Caroline Daniels, Sec'y, - SALT LAKE COTJXTY.' . ' J ' The regular monthly meeting, of the Salt Lake,Co. W. S. A. was held in the 13th ward Assembly Rooms, Feb. 16, 1892. Pres. Elizabeth Howard in the chair. .Opened by. singing from the Suffrage Song Book "0 come, come away." Prayer by 3Iary A. Freeze."' Roll called. After which 14 new members were voted in; a3 no programme had been prepared Pres. Howard said she would be pleased to bear From. the ladies present. " C S t il Karnotr roan aU 'el'fih Ll.l I .!vnmnt 111 the reasons why it is necessary for women to' be interested in obtaining the power of the ' I U. - . A A A AA LA. A V. V V. &A Ka AZ AA. V. k 1 I I I I ' ballot." : H . ; -i- -- t-bad . 11 S., Y. L. M. a isuort lime-ovarious the.'; of high calling of the subjects; spoke teachers and the mission of mercy and love they were called upon to perform. Comfort ing the sick and those that were bowed down with grief carrying the bread of life to them.' Bro. Brigham said we had no conception of the magnitude that this Society would ""ittal n io. Sisters do not neglect your meetings'; the time wiUjcoi?Kbea.'myUir mourn that- - thej have neglected these opportunities; after singing and prayer conference adjourned till 2 quesuons asKeu, I. A., AND P. A., REPORTS. WOODLAND. Oa account of the removal of the President of the Relief Society to Mexico, the Relief Society of Woodland ward was reorganized on Sunday Oct. 25, Stake President,' Sister Emma -- The Brown t; following " officers were unanimously sustained, Emma S. Webb as President, Jane Van Tassel and Lois Benson Counselors, Lois Benson Secretary! Mary-An" Moon Treasurer. -- ' - -- -' -- : n Lois Benson; Sec. NORTH JORDAN. : - - A meeting was held at North Jordan ward Jan. 12, 1892, for the purpose of reorganizing the Relief Society. Bishop Heber Bennion and Counselors met with the sisters, when the necessary changes were made. Sister Eliza Spencer (on account of advanced age) not feeling able, to attend to her duties was honorably Eister:ilimbeth:Pixtonlwas chosen President, and a unanimous vote, was taken to goodhess -day of Gbd7an(ll)f work - ., ' 4 ..: . -- JLU1S3 UQuie jpouiien iavoretr:tis-.-witn:-a7So-ng rrr . -- ; we-hav- -- - Latter. ; ' . '. . . ; UTAH STAKE. : The Quarterly Conference of Utah Stake was held in the Meeting House, Provo City, Nov. 27th 1891, Sister Mary Jobn presiding with her counselors. President Zina D. H. : the-wor- -- Alice Jr Harker Seer"; : 1 . . the truth of the ' 1 which was beautifully rendered; and for which . she received a hearty vote of thanks. M. Isabella Home said, I desire all to understand I am in favor of the elevation of woman. session opened at 2 p. m. wit Afternoon Since the death of . men ha vel j j Savior the usual exercises. Part of the time was oppressed women moreoujand more and tried to taken up with hearing reports from different keep them in; ignorance. We can see how' parts of the county and as in other branches rapidly she advances when she is allowed some- -' they reported diligence in labors and willing thing of the same obpoftunities and privileges ness to contribute to the poor that none might as men. Spoke of the honor shown to women suffer, many strong testimonies wertf borne to of the Scriptures; women have r36re' real . the truth of triis work. courage, as strong minds and. intellects as their Counselor Emily G. Cluff spoke of adornbrothers. A- - gentleman once told her that God minds the of our children instead of made man first, "I answered, yes but He iming our. time in spending dressing them' so proved very much in. hisstcond manufacture. ; . elaborately etc. I was invited to attend a debate on 'this snbject-b- y Sister Young made some additional remarks a of young men and women, the arguthis afternoon. The sisters are gaining and mentsparty were very interesting." ' "Also referred in the of the Gospel, let to an article in our last knowledge growing Exponents us try io improve dv oemg better wives and Vice Pres. Louise K. Spencer made a few mothers, teach your daughters to pray and all pleasing and encouraging remarks. . your children, that they may have faith in Bathsheba W. Smith, "I hope you will (jrod, be kind and charitable, when the steadily increase in nu m bers and - intelligence; ria37wedb"'noMeel theJjordrith t6 let us continually bear in mind that we have Spiritof hurt any one's feelings, there are links that duties to have bind us nearer than kin; let us be strong in- all the others as well as ourselves, if we who" rights we care for, there are many tbe Lord, mj heart is full of ;bIesngsJprQiu my eiiius auu l asit uoa to, Diess you. Amen. Lhzabeth Price made some remarks in reBro, C. D. Evans spoke a short. timA nn ti,o gard to the suffrage entertainment of the pre-- , -- and 7oxhorted levs oLtmtemperance viou3 evening;' 'V:;,7;'';-'v.;;every .' , '. mrfnbT in Ilea Vid !rA.mnA lUAiueuce against it. ' ripoke Vice Pre3. Phebe C Young, "I think sufalso of the great enticements of the Mining ladies should be minute, women and alCamps in drawing our young men away from frage to say or do sometbing when soon lose tneir reverence for ways prepared "" called on," related in a very interesting maneverything sacred.or holy. ner a sketch of the life of Empress Josepbine. Sister Till spoke upon silk culture, they had Emma Finch 20th, and Julia Ridges 22nd on hand considerable silk to weave wards, were appojn ted to act as agen ts of the ready when they l.adari v suffrage Opportunity society in their own wards. Sister Young had never lost interest in the ' Pres. Howard, had been "greatly pleased T sustain her, with Mary P. Bennion and Mary A. Webster as Counselors. Sister E. A; released Bennion was from the duties of Secreand A. J. Harker was chosen to fill the tary vacancy. On account of the severe weather our meetings are:beld monthly. The ward being in a scattered condition, some members do not attend regularly but a very good spirit is made " . : released, ; n e " being-presen- 2,:..;:- spuji-- see ou r you ng lad ies come out and" pleased to . . t i i educate inemseivesio noiane posmons mat await them; "experience gives us education. Women are the peacemakers of the world, they have fought many bloodless wars. Spoke of k accomplished by the great women in Tnrlia in ooftlinrrn fnA slflPAnnpatinn . .. , on1 uu Via blood that might have been spared had our own Government accepted the advice of our women. It has been estimated that had the bodies of men killed in the late war been:put into coffins and. placed end to end they would have made a complete band around the world. Spoke of the steps being taken by our women to prevent war with Chili, and related. otbennterest ing mstan cc of history on the same subject. . . . . Conference opened, with singing and prayer I 