WoiyiAMS , lllJ'lt 9! 7f Vol. the Women of Zioat 21. .. CONTENTS. SAII.AKjv ; Exponent.. Rights of 'the IVomai of all Walions. and-th- JUIV 1,1892. CITY, UTAH, No. 1: REVERIES OF: SUMMER ingly interested, in the .association that is Women's YY'ork in the "World's" Fair Mrs.. holding its grand meeting in this Taber" Solomon Thatcher. 'Before Railroads Ellen Oh bright and glowing summer, thy beauty nacle for the last few days. If there is anyJakeman. In Rural England A Story. R. S., and thyybloom thing Jhat is better for young people than - V. IM. Women at Reports. another thing after religion, it is the love of Bring memories of by.gone days, all laden with Minneapolis A. S. B.V L. D. S. College Exer ed ncati(manduUure. I am glad to r know ... ...-ci?es-Dr. E. S. Barney. "Pi Vernon" Makes a Of- perfume: Uiat these young men and women are' systhings most choice and sweet and fragrant "Hit TJie Journalist. Miscellaneous. tematically pursuing a course of education flowers, Editorial: Questions of Interest. Editorial .Which erst I fondly gathered in ' thy delightful. and growth. Kdueatiou is the great, lever .Notes.!- Sarah G. Richards. An Interesting that shall lift the world from vice and hours. The fo lest paths I wander'd in, beside the rip-- " Condemnalion Maria S. Ladd. Poetry: shall unlock the storehouse of nature, and pling stream, and Jane-RosRevHyacinth. Methinks I tread again in youth's midsummer, shalljput inter your hands as willing slaves, eries of .Summer E. B. W. The Cry of The Ten the great powers of nattire.' Education-idream; Thousand Brownlee Brown. I Want You So. And all around me. voices are whisp'rjng in the the sunlight that shall drive away the mists and miasmas of ignorance, vice and super-stitutiotrees, Education is the sunlight that CONDEMNATION. And thrill me with the chorus they waft upon the shall show to you the face of your God, and breeze: And the dear familiar scenes of .happy "long lead you to kiiow his love for you. .. So she is down; well, do your utmost part I should-hesitatto occupy your time and' ago" To bring her lower, for you may have found trust ray ability to interest you,' did I not Drift back again and mingle with fancy's Some spot they have not stabbed, and the sharp dreamy feeflliat ever-maand woman should be" show, wound the shadows' of thedaysjliat-joare min$T interested in everything that tends to show. ; May reach her shivering heart, jnd. God's goodnes-s- to us, that tends to elevate L. no more ' But wait 'till' you are sure that all the pack " Fall thickly all around me, and my heart is gush- -' manhood and womanhood. We are apr Of loud defamers, with one wilcFaccofif " '' A preaching a great epoch in the history of ng o'er Are fiercely baying at the culprit's back; civilization. Already the great nations of Then strike your blow, while thanking the dear With olden time remembrances of those bright the earth and the islands of the sea are col'. summer hours, , Lord, When pleasure held her riot 'mid nature's sunny lecting their treasures,aud bringing them up, That thou art not as she, whom all do hurt, to show as a thank offering to God for His bow'rs. And point the finger at with just affront. And musing oir the goodness and mercy ta., We are so perfect, that in dread we cry the sliores of Lake Michigan, a few miles At olTiers' sTris, and sometiraes at a fault; from ; the: hum and the noise of a million and rcatch. a fleeting glimpse, of the lov'd ones gone We walk so straight, that if another halt half of peolcru:xit)rispproaM before; We can not pass it by- -. They grace my summer reveries with sweetness j pletion, a city of buildings of magnificient Marie S. Ladd. proportions, of great architectural beauty. most complete,' These palaces are.to be the storehouses in'' As indistinct they linger where we were wont to " which shall be placed the offerings of men. : meet.. AND JUE-ROSE- S. the products of the brain, of the heart, and 1 ne magic 01 tneir voices can never be fore-oFor still th eir echoes vibrate round the old familiar 'of the hand of man, products of the sea and e June-timthe sweet has come at last, Oh, of the soil and of the mine. Already the spot. all of The loveliest the year, The golden wealth of nature that comes with plowshare has turned the soil that shall crimson and Withits gold and deep damask. produce exposition grain; already the forge summer days And pearly white folds so clear. and Is like life's brilliant summerthat falls 'mid pleassmelting 'furnace are snielting exposition The long trailing vines of roses ore; already the choicest products of your ant ways, Seem higher to climb each day, As summer's sun doth ripen the fruit and golden quarries are being worked by skillful men to While 'mong the low boughs reposes show to the world your marbles, your gran-- , grain' - fxr-Anbirds Bright warbling fonfi'sweetjays spread its i asures richly o'er garden, valley j ites, and your precious stones; already the spinners are weaving their beautiful fabrics ' Alas ! the dear time of , plain, ;' ; 'T" So should ian" t "fo'tittrghty our ey esT" r"""" Has gonevtth Xo money has been spared in this under- v Of pale tinted petals uf crimson, height, To mingle with days long of yore. Ripen a golden harvest, which may the soul de- - taking. The president of the directory told me just before I left home,that it would be -The deep swelling streamlets of water, light . Give Filling her garners richly with most .abundant very tiilticuit to obtain in all the" wor,ld place to the low, rippling brooks, enouglr insurance to cover the value of the store ! That merrily glide with sweet laughter, Of knowledge, love and wisdom and good deeds womlerfuj products that shall be on exhibiThi;oughyalJey tion at this exposition. 67 countries have teeming o'ej. already-accepte- d '" ' """ Fair Mayr bright bower of beauty, invitations :to participate. E. B. Wr. Fresh mantled with each smiling morn, Japan, that far away country in Asia, has Your glistening white plumage all dewy, appropriated 600.000 with which to slmw A heart's tenderest hopes adorn. ' Forever to me thou art dear, Illinois lias appropnated $800,000 with FAIR. which to jproperly set foxth-he- r With thoughts pure that never can fade, resources. -- be I In fon d n e ss for th ee fal Is a tear, Mrs7 Soi.mtaN TnATCTiin? Jr; glad to talk oyou longerand" tell of the O'er the general work of the fair, but casket sweet memory's made. yon I to want talk to you of what the women Address delivered in large Tabernacle in Bright June, nay, linger yet longer, are in the fair. Some little time after doing Salt Xake Gity, vSuiiday evening June 5, Thy loveliness fades but too fast; Congress had decided to celebrate the quad- 1892. '; While garlands of hope and love stronger, IAnd P.-i- - '.-,.- -- - - wild-woo- d ' - - deg-rrntfaiio- ,. , May-Blosso- es ms s u.' e . n i'j" T w i ! " . ' . : m.X, -- . MS I I ja -- MAY-BLOSSO- I . t , ; j . . j ' May-blosso- m I . HQ-urif- " " 7 .. - - - . , - -- -- . - 9 . Ah, June, you have stolen from me, What May in her.beauty. bestowed; To nie, both are brightest and best. . '.'..- - Hyacinth. t - . r;,. ' .'.--r- , . ; v - ta assure that Iappreciate very niue the efmiphmcntf - thi3-i- ri x wisii u '- scale, a large partv, stimulated, no doubt by )-o- be present and speak to you of a matter that lies very near to my-- heart. I am exceed " ..had apwmtecT a commission of ereutlemen tlK10 formed, their plans on a comprehensive .w-ija-- - L Congress, A asking for the appointment of. a board of women to 5 : -- 