WOMAN'S EXPONENT. th ninrinno 7irm " John Morton, singing "Once more we come before our God." The Stake report wa3 read Sister by the Secretary And accepted. Mid in said reporting way Guerney they had and some instructive readgood meetings very ings, some are on hand to do all the good they can while some others are quite neglect-- ful which she felt to regret; she 7 to the numbered b8 amongst daughters of our heaven FathexJn ,desire(LlhaXoxd to4)legs us all and especially our President lister Brown. Sister Melisa Murdock reported Charleston said they hold one meeting at Charleston and the next at Baysville and they generally have good attendance and a good time; bore a testimony to the truth and expressed a desire to be counted amongst the faithful. Center was reported by Sister Cluff; said they have good meetings and good attendance and" some are on hand to do good while others do not" seem to -- realize what they lose by their it -- too Cl T- 1 felt-prou- V negligence but we must also' attend to - tas SisterBrown the reports, pleasedth mlviHHl the sisters o eontmue in such a good cause; was afraid that those who neglected the golden opportunities offered would be like the foolish virgins when the Master appears; we should visit among those who are weak and tried, and try to do them good; if nil were to attend who are enrolled what a congregation would be here. It behooves us to be energetic ana alive to our duties that we may obtain the blessings promised to the faithful. The following brethren and sisters then made some very appropriate remarks and bore strong testimonies of the truth of the work we are all engaged in Bishop N. C Murdock, Sister Ann Murdock, Sister Greene., and. Elders Morton, Lindsay and Raymond. Pres. Brown felt to thank all who had taken part and the choir for the jjood music rendered; after which conference adjourned io meet in Heber the last Thursday in May 1892. Singing "Beautiful Zion". Benediction by Bro. Geo. . Brown. . : T " .'..------ - : Hannah Harbour, SALT LAKE STAKE, Sec. - ' : The R. S. Conferenca of the S. L. Stake was held in the 14th ward Hall on Friday Dec. 18, 1891. Pres. M. Isabella Home presiding. Opened with singing "0 happy souls who pray etc."" Prayer by Mrsr Jane Silcock. Singing, "Now let us rejoice etc." Roll called-1- 8 Presidents, 8 Counlorsandoneteacher Minutes of former conference responded. read and approved. Pres. Home made some excellent remarks, and encouraged the sisters to persevere in doing good. The wards were reported, 8, J. Cannon, Farmer's Ward Sarah B. Gibson,Sugar House, Emma Terry, Draper, - . E. J. Bodell, Herriman, W. Olson, Sandy, Agnes Cutler, West Jordan, Jane, Silcock, Riverton, M. E. Porter, Granger, M. A. -- Bluffdale. Hazon, Brighton, Counselor. - The meeting wa3 then addressed by Presr Jos. E. Taylor, he spoke upon true charity and Denevolence, thought the teachers should jook diligen tly after those in need; earnestly beseeched the sisters to, exercise faith for the ""sick and afflicted, to inspire" them "with faith and confidence, keen the word of wisdom, if you do this the sick will be healed by faith, urged mothers to look after the purity of their boys. Wherever the young mothers have babies' they should take care of their children first, then their meetings and instruct- 'T Js. iL.J v- ; : meir iamuies. : Q -- Ha ;x- rsZDHrYoun6ntreated...thejtar.o 7 n0t7ing WIr! helP us' 8aid 6 rres. L. 2 many other Home - made suitable Pres. things. iayior. gift Actors, trust tlT Trk, Benfl God we raise fes. Jos. E. Adjourned until 3 p. m. DH: xcnaras, and presidemsrof Young, 13. Wr-Smit- h, Counselors Jane S. of the general ; theTllenefociet7rnreSPnT kdies upon the platform, Pres. Home, Coun. L. b. Taylor, E. Howard, Sec, M. W. Wilcox bee. of the StakeSarah M. Kimball bee. and E. B. Wells Cor. Sec. of tha Central Board,, and other women prominent in the work of the Relief Society. Meeting opened by singing, "Praise 'to the man etc." prayer by Bathsheba W. Snith' singing," We thank thee 0. God for ft nrnnlipf PresrHorne was very happy to have Presidents ueo. cannon and Jos. fb Sniith present. and announced that they would speak to the L-or- who have not as much as you, ...it you use means wisely, it will prove a medium of doing a great work in educating those who aro willing to be taught in many ways. Sisters makyiMiufltten associations, yours is a fine mission, there is no limit to it, you can find the amplest opportunity to do great things, help in the government of families, educating the children is a great artT too much indulgence is wrong, obedience should bo taught a3 a duty to our da i hlren--W- e ha ve a - fi n o body o f c h i Id ren good,- virtuous,aud God wil rbTess such a race; teach them to love virtue more than life; teach such lessons to your children that if they ever go astray you will have the satisfaction of knowing it is not your fault. God .bless you in all your labors for the good of Zion. , Pres. Jane S. Richards occupied a short time in speaking upon the duties aud responsibilities devolving upon the members of the Society and the teachers particularly, gav good counsel. Pres. Home made a few remarks felt, the presence and teaching of the brethren was en- cou raging, hoped we would take a new start, urged the sisters to buy wheat with the money ' they had on hand donated for that purpose. ." Pres. Cannon added a few words in which he sa id have high ideals before you and bring yourselves up to them." Conference adjourned for three months singing Doxology. Benediction by Pres. Jos. F. Smith. congregation. Pres. Cannonthen addressed the meeting the of the dwelling the benefit arising 'from such institutioL saM wh the iirt meet together 'tt k thd? privilege to enjoy the spirit to exhort. admonish, and to help each other to bear the burdens incident to this life; we had been called out from the nations to become a united people, that we might not partake of and sins of the world, we are designated the people of God, only one here and one there has received the Gospel, the majority of the world have rejected it; the Lord will gather out of this people, a people who will bear off this kingdom. ; Look at the great responsibility that rests upon the mothers to teach the children; many years of my life have been spent abroad- therefore smy rchildfen know very little of my influence only thro' the influence of their mother. True" it is not always the mother if the father's influence is wholesome and proper and both are united their life and example will influence .the children; upon our children will rest the great responsibility of carrying on Jthis work, the time will come, when it will be' said, MLet us go up to Zion to the House of the Lord," and the-evil- " that . NOTES AND NEWS. A woman suffrage petition with ten thousand signatures has been sent into the Parliament " r of New Zealand. Catherine Cole (Mrs. Field) has in the New Orleans Picayune an excellent and: BUggestive article on "The New Womanhood." . will.not be possible to bring all men into untiLhfi-XMam- es This is but a bneTlynopsIsoF his rein arks. Smith, "Woman's sphere is more important than women know of them-;- t that her fa nntv ft short time-a- go influence on position was understood, and her the rising generation; on the parents depends what kind of people the; next generation will be. Mothers influence has been felt by men lives, either for good or laf nf their . .- rtf dm .,! th Prudent Jos. F. One branch of the'Virginia-Legislatur- e ha3 passed a bill authorizing or directing the appointment of women physicians on the staff of all insane hospitals where women are among the patients. Thi3 is a humane afid sensible measure, which has been adopted in several other States. whose riffht it is to reign. It. is good to have zeal, zeal in the right direction." It is now nearly estabfifty years since this organization was lished a great deal of good has been done, by the sisters in guiding the young, controling the fashions, refining and improving society, in economizing the means that the Lord has blessed them with, try and teach those - whose wants you supply to employ their minds to take care of themselves, teach them wisdom, look after the ignorant and the careless, let from you, to your children draw inspiration serve God, to be honest, virtuous, pure and :r, . rapidlyHhe-destinyr- Df time-is-com- ing unitylof-lhe-Gospe-L true. -- - the truth. the - s this work; is upward arid onward. Our children are our hope and though they wander He will call them back to Him again and they will be more easily molded to His will than we are; they will bethe expounders of It mother's influence as for good; the speaker remembered h$ mother's teaching him'not to partake of stimulants; mothers should teach their sons to abstain from these things; and should teach her sons virtue and to be pure in thought it will have its effect on all their after life, mothers cannot be too careful in exaniplc and - precept. Look at tho example- - of Helaraan the faith of those young men with him; inspire such faith in your children; aud not only your own but it will extend further, it will havo it3 influence abroad even iu foreign lands.there are many that need a helping hand; there is a wonderful field for you to work in for culture and advancement, for refinement and purity, let" iis not set our hearts on riches, and think you are better than those . on the stand, Pres Geo. Q. Cannon and Jos, '. oumnoitne Jbirst Presidency, alao, other -- our duties, the responsibilities of the children rests upon the mother, s it stands us in hand to live faithful and set an example before them worthy oi imitation. . thealL0g;d d eallJiketQhav.e-our.nom63- - fixed comfortable, . cultivate faith, spoke much 139 . . JiA the Wf o. A. has taken up ifr headquarters in the suffrage rooms ot Wimodaughsis.; Hereafter Wednesday 'and Saturday , mornings some member of this Committee will be at work and will be glad to -- give information concerning suffrage work in general or thatof theiF Committee. All letters in regard to Congressional or.pres3 work should be addressed to Harriet . T. Upton, Wimodaughsis, Washington, D. C. he p-T- Congressional- - Committee--o- f "Dr. Mary J. Saflord who died recently left two hundred dollars to the Women's Educational and Industrial Union of Boston." Dr. Safford called at our sanctum in 1857 when on her way to the Pacific " CoasttTanda visit her "brother, ; who wa3 at that time Governor of Arizona, and we bad ; a most . 