J EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 80 cal history is to read the biographies of some of our noblest statesmen, making them models rather than nearer and living heroesvhose after acts may not be in accord with ideals. Wlienthe pu pil lias progressed- - thus far " and learned that " there isnb such thing whatever as a confered right, that no law set' of men can l)t7t"6tnavs71Toen originate justice, but can at least only lay straight lines to prevent the trespass of private opinion, rand ruthless power from God given rights, then men begin to be fit to participate in caucuses and women to teach their children. 'Fair rights are ante National American Woman Suffrage Association will be held in Washington, D. C. in Metzerott's Music Hall, January 15, 16, 17, 18, J - - protected thereby. . There is no danger in these broader walks of falling into narrow and personal channels, the mud of which clings to so many of our politicians. The study of government is refined, ennobling and grand in and of itself, and do not let the sneers of those who have befouled the stream, prevent you from slaking your divine thirst at the crystal spring of Constitutional Government. V ....... , Suffrage Association, was appointed Fraternal Delegate to the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union Convention which convened in Denver, Colorado, -. aSth, to November 2nd. Various articles . in the public press indi r ii ." t "amisconception 01 me worK 01 me Woman Suffrage yi the country. A numthese resolutions be placed upon our record and Woman ber of newspapers speak of "The published in our local papers also in the Ex-he being well known among the sistersr Suffrage Candidate for the Presidency of ponentsolicited their assistance many times in the having the "United States.1' Silk Industry. The National Association of the Woman We affectionately subscribe our names M. A. American Till Prest Sarah B. Sanders, Sarah Goodman Suffrage Workers, the National Counselors, Matilda Qlsen Secy. Mary J. John z t- Treas. Harriet: Sawyer; Johanna Patten, Jane work Is 01 a TK)htical nature,, is not a politi- Cornelia Scott, Barbara Seilck, Celestia Lewis, cal party and has not nominated any candiJ Strong. date for the presidency. Matilda Olsen Secy. . - Oc-tob- er . 7 . -- . A - Rachel Foster Avery. Cor. Sec. N. A. W.S.A. . Ellkn Jakeman. N. A. W. S. A. Friends and Members of the N.'A. W. S. A. During the Columbian Exposition, daily noontide meetings in the interest of equal: suffrage and the advancement of the cause of women will be held in an auditorium in To the - tHeJSxpositiQn. grontids, 7.--.-- ; dignified and honored in the position; though not was one possessed of greafearthly wealth. He in was a intelligent high of nature's noblemen, and conversant with the manners and customs' of men and quite a scholar of the age to which he belonged; he will assuredly rank with, the intelligent in heaven. The silk; mission was given himJ by Pres. Brig, ham Young and almost his last breath wasiittered in the silk interest showing his unceasing ef' forts. cherish his memory and we that Resolved, emulate his example. Father Graves was a promoter of agricultural pursuits anda" stauncrr supporter of; the. same. He also planted the trees from which his coffin was made a black walnut, and which he had cut down and dried and seasoned preparatory to the time when it would be needed. Resolved that . of the National American Woman -Large -- :cedenUacnstituti - 19, 1893. REV. Anna Howard Shaw, Vice President v . ot me The XXVth Annual Meeting their relations differ from those of Territories. Our policy toward foreign countries, the manner of raising money to meet the enormous expense' of keeping the machinery running smoothly. Perhaps the best plan of studying politi- OBITUARIES. Editor Exponent: Died at Union, Salt Lake Co. Sept. 4th Class in Obstetrics. DR ROMANIA B. PRATT 1892, Sister Grace Bagnley, of paralysis; she was a member of our Relief Society, ror some time past she has been a great sufferer yet so patient, she partially lost her eye sight which was a great trouble to her; she closed her eyes in sleep.tnirty. hours before she breathed her last and nevtr opened them again; thus to the faithful Saint death was only transition. She was the beloved wife of Thomas Bagnley who is left to mourn her loss; she was the mother of nine children five of whom are gone to the Spirit World to receive her, and four are left to mourn her loss here, a son and three daughters, she was surrounded by her familyrand alL LthaUloving ;handscoulddo was done for her. :.So death is but the wintry snow, . Will commence another Class in Obstetrics: about NOVEMBER 15. A few situations for Nurses are open in the hospital. For further information inquire of Dr. r1 ; Pratt, Deseret Hospital. : f DOCTOR MATTIE HUGHES CANNON, ' Office: II South, First West Street. Office practice for Diseases of Women from 2 until 4 p. m. These meetings which are, of course, to be free are to be under the management of the Columbian Exposition Committee:-you-a- re That soon with radiant life shall glow, DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY asked for aid. You will see that in . Enfranchised from the tomb. ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS carrying on such an extensive work, we M. A. Smart. ........ AND STATIONERY, EQUIPOIScannot undertake to pay speakers either for E-WAISTS, ETC. In its all we Ore Oct. first were the called or of 1892 On so we' branches, JTllllinery, lates that must appeal Making: expense upon any fee, and cleaned and retrimmedt Hats llonneU styles. a beloved of loss sister mourn the to and; Feathers curled, etc for help to all speakers upon subjects condearly done to order. Bat. Stamping of Samaria Idaho. tons covered while you wait. rarlal Salts a Specialty, nected with the "Woman's Question", in member of our ReliefwasSociety born in the Parish of Sister Jane Price, SOUTH STIXEET, the most comprehensive meaning of that Handilorvan, Brecon Shire, South Wales, March, No. 63 E. FIRST Three doors west of Theatre. 1822 and baptised into the Church of Jesus Christ phrase. Will each interested person who reads of L. D. S. in the year 1850; was the wife of John MRS. M. L VAN, M. D. in June, 1874, this notice kindly make it a point to send Price and emigrated to this place her husband and one son. . In her native HAS REMOVED her office, from Constitution to me at once the names and addresses of all with country her home was ever open to the Elders on Building to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. of her who exspeakers have missions, and many will remember the kind treatOffice hours, 2 to 4 pnv acquaintance .,.y A received: ment her hands. irom of a an intention Being toto visit the pressed fair, nature she was much beloved by all gether with the dates and length of time sympathetic knew her. For a number of years she has which they will be there. These lists will who been second Counselor to the President of the Relief Society which position she honorably, filled. help the committee toarrange its program, At her funeral the R. S. followed the remains to and the former will be doubly valuable if the meeting house, from which place it was folreceived promptly. 6, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st Soutb St., lowed, after services,to the grave yard by numer. ' R.E THOMAS :r. Rachel Foster Avery, .':- -: Ch. Columbian Exposition Committee ' Somcrio7i Philadelphia NOTES AND NEWS. Daughters ot tbt American Revolu tion in Washington will have a portrait of Mrs. Harrison painted for the White House E Gallery. . ; TiiE political superiors of women in New York are. Ter 0f them eighteen times, some of them pwt, VA forty times apiece. -- AV. The Woman's Century is the name of a new weekly paper to be issued in Weimar Germany, in recognition-anfurtherance of the progress of women in that country, d ous friends and relatives from all parts of the valley, there to sleep-i- n peace until - the resur rection day. SAIT LAKE CITY. Mary D.Davis, Pres. of the R. S. of Samaria. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT TO THE MEMORY OF . BROTHER DANIEL GRAVES: Adopted at a meeting of the Local Board Silk Ass'n. Provo Gtyt Oct. 24 i8g2. Inasmuch as our esteemed and respected Brother DanielGraves departed this life Oct. 15th 1892; at the great age of eighty six years and hav- ing been acquainted with him years we feel to honor his memorv as aTery"ffiany faithful a nri sistent Latter1 Day Saint, zealous in the cause of iiumc juuusincs luuy realizing tne oeneht thereof 10 me community, ana also having been engaged with him in the Silk Industry in this countv. we recognize his unbounded "zeal and perseverance for he labored long and earnestly in sericuture and his works-wi- ll follow him,and withajh"e was" The Leading C asli Retail ... BE 011 s r -- in IDjRuTXJD TAMES TiHNERFCASwSER 5s CO. & STEAM FITTERS a Agent for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FORt i PUMPS. Po mpg Repaired on s hort n otlce . Ordern frr b .hecountry-proiaptJ- j' responded to. JiyiZ. Bet 3B5f SALT -- 45 ----- --- -- - HU CIT. -- . . - 