WOMAN'S EXPONENT: either the committee or the tabooed women. I tremblingly stammer my fears: ''Who shall attend to them? Surely not I." The potentates nodded their official heads, and you beheld me, with my sleeves- rolled up metaphorically, for the fray. But no; '.the These are women, metaphor is their mode of warfare otherwise. It is true that there are women who do not care to vote, just as there are nowrand then anomalous cases who do not even wisn to be married, mucti less seeK oppor-knew a woman, wiiO-jii- or tunity. oughly believed in St. Paul's injunction to keep silence, and to; be -- duly- submissive-j- ust one. She has been translated. I confess to you thatrl- - have but little patience with the woman who in this age of her sex's evolution refuses to evolve. But-- f terflies-r-thos- e lower in the scale of being, -- I -- wean'do betterTT ' From caterpilkr6"" chrysalis,- - the nt" least passively' let liature" do her work, winning each to itself and its destiny. But some women, like many men, how loudly do I confess it, most stubbornly resist the influence of this Hugoan age. My impatience may arise in part from the recollecti on of my mother, v hose life - wen t out from before me ere I could appreciate her struggle. Twenty-fiv- e years ago,-- in a community exceedingly moaest so tar as education was concerned, she; both taught and spoke publicly and in church, where d elders sat in the owl-lik- e sternness and stupidity of knitted face and ill concealed righteous indignation. Gentle as the "good night" of a baby's teuder mother, womanly in every sense of the word, with constancy of affection, that real nobility. . of a woman, her., endowment ... for "THE EYES THAT CANNOT WEEP." saddest "eyes a re those that cannot weep; The loneliest1 breast the one that sobbeth not; The lips and mind that are most parched and hot Are those that cannot pray, and cannot sleep;-I- t is the silent grief that sinketh deep. To weep out sorrow is the common lot, To weep it out and let it be forgot, . But tears and sobs are after all but cheap. To weep for worries," frets and trifling cares, Fo FToyswer ve Ti r ok en ah d "fbTliopes"tHat were And fancied woes of passing love affairs; But only One can raise the breast of her Whose hurt for fruitless moans had gone too deep. O, God, the ees that cannot weep. Pity, 77 e Woman's Recorder. yThe such, in every way of culture, and heart power, as shall first commend and then win the conviction that the emancipated woman is cleaner, happier, more useful, and far more respected by men and alike, than the enslaved, and the surest part of your work is done. I nave been exceedingly gratified with the quality of .womanhood in this movement.-It gives me the largest hope for its ultimate success. I have found a grace which lias ''a quality not of the- - drawing- to-n,ight,- : ill-chose- n. :I-onc- e t .room-alon- a btssayv-it-ha- s e If you can imagine music about it. tang! with- out mbt eir you will get my - idea of - the , forms of polite society into which the life of sex equality has not yet come. I have found also a sprightliness of conversation not born of blushing acknowledgement of half sincere, and- sometimes suggestive.,.,,.,. flatteryPbuttdflnuch thought and reading - , JTiLLJio.eiifLj I hear the soul of man around me waking, Like a great sea, its frozen fet ers breaking, And flinging up to heaven its sunlit spray, Tossing huge continents in'scornful play, And crushing them, with din of grinding thunder,' That makes old emptiness stare in wonder; And every hour new signs of promise tell, That the great soul shall once again be free, For high, and yet more high, the murmurs swell Of inward strife for truth and liberty. -- be women - . ', ' 5?J Io1re"dli,niraboveall, a moral rigidness in; discerning ethical standards, which means a vast deal in this loose age an ex- alted concept of righteousness and interde' pendence. - All this betokens: a listening ear to the wailing- of- - the unfortunate, a critical mind, for granting justice inan age which at last begins to suspect that full justice has not ,yet been done those most needing it. The direct method, largely temporary is to gain,; by literature and public and.politi-- ' ''Lowell.""'"' cal address, the thought of the thoughtless. Just now no field is. more productive than A POET'S RECOMPENSE. good fiction. Turn some of your facile pens to the novel. ., Give us more women in SARA LOUISA OBERHOLTZER. character whose lives are above petty things and scornful of hysterical affection, not unWhen friendships shout and fan the pile to blaze, natural women, but a wholesome . realism When -- forks f to be fonnd already in thousands of homes. ren and men; but with it all, a broader neig ht; I sat on a rock beside a .mountain brook When tenderness stoops down to gently praise than was this summer, for an hour, .watching two range of learning, And what we value most and least to raise possessed,- by anvsaveouein birdllngs JusOallenl. fro;n,the 'nest.;: One their Beyond equilibrium, we smile. his ierky. little hop into a. community, uplifted on the levels of a sootudeveloped " Wtien censures hurl and blaze is lost "TationatiaithifIwem tosightr" flutter, "and tlieu" into an awkward short In the chill bitterness of passing night. less than woman's equality .with; man in flight, in a dizzy circle, back again to his And tenderness becomes a rose of thorns, every high sense, it would be to give the panting sister tinier than her who merely Petals and fragrance gone, again, the while, ' lie-tevery law of heredity and environ- - squeaked littlej half pitiful tones, as in a We all unconscious smile; the same we feel meut.v ou are not surpnsea now at my kind, of agony she struggled to do '.yliat, Errands of song we joyfully iulfill ' the other had so soon learned. I was per-- 1 impatience. Are but half ours. A rare and subtle sense "Yet one must always turn philosophical plexed oyer her seeming stupidity. The Of what they are; the violets of God's will, when he becomes a student of conditions. braver fledgling, approaching; cautiously,, -Is great and all sufficient recompense. of slavery is seemed to make a discovery, and with bad-- , TiebjectestTetdiedness The Woman's Tribune. its contentment. The most irresistible and ly directed little peckings sought to undo a cord, pro-- ! at the same time the most hurtful slavery is. the evil. In the mother-nest, ' the sort which comes by caresses rather than bably a very important part ot the nest, PRESIDENT AYLESWORTH ON by blows. A mother could do no crueller ' had been wpundabottt the helpless bird, thing than to keep her babe iri her arms, orj and entangled in its untrained wings, it ... from its home- sustain it at her breast, through four or five! k;immedly.-releaseAt the woman suffrage -- banquet given during its the recent Mississippi Valley Suffrage Conferyears could she live so long. Cruel to nest meshes, and soon it had ence at Des Moines, President Barton O. herself as well the child. Her love .might companion. of Drake University, responded as follows be the motive. But love which kills I believe in God the Father; in Christ the not, to the toast, "Atten-- i to the Women.' both lover and .beloved has in it always ideal man,: and the .divine educator of men 'Attend to the women!" If this is not some reason, some calculation upon - the toward the levels of his own personality; I vicious- - future, and some equality of companionassuming authority with a Czar-lik- e believe, in the futnre; of the race, 'as the ness! Not even an invitation-geiitleship. bright consummation j3f the Ktemal5 rPlau ; tcFthe rpersuasive,: adroitly leading-tip- 7 Gardensfare valuable for nosegays, but therefore, 1 iiiu st and do believe in the one likes bread oftenest. To make others equality of sex in every .vital relation of point, but a stem command! Moreover, the subjects of attention seem to be kneel is sometimes worthy,, but to make :the race., .In birth;-i- n life its woe, and many. , Premature age has fallen upon me men rise up, and walk beside you, is better. tits hanpiness; indejith, .and.in the like the shadow of a ghost, in vaiirat-temp- s Vomaiis' Journal. Stooping to conquer is poor business for an to attend to one woman iny I had near- American women of any noble sort; ly said a single woman, but attentions came To enter into a single corner of. a man's We wish to call, the attention of our reade easily then, with the myriad of gentlenesslifejvyilijiot .contentlany ers and Jlie pubHc-a- largd to the ad vertis-megreat es with which you wonjen have taught us great woman's soul. The woman who canof Dr. flattie Hughes Cannon, who we .must woo you from the paternal roof. not stand at the horizon-centr- e and see with has reopened her office in this city aud is But which women? I still had hope, her husband the same distant contour ofto attend to calls in her profession. vain as it now, seems, until your committee possjbilites, is nohelpmeet in Uhe better prepared We take pleasure in making this announce- answered, and nothing in the tone of voice meaning.. 10 maKe mainerent Amencan ment: as we alwaysMo for ytmng women of .... i t i reassured me in the lleasCThe-jVoJn- en xile WSSlIo hot want to vote." I immediately to be paid them. The indirect method is and verenee to own make their perse way: in threw up my arms, but not as a menace to the better. Let the women at this board Ihis .laudable profession . ' . . -- ; : beetle-browe- -- , self-gotte- n, . -- f ; , . o ' ; , I -- . I : . I 1 1 I ? . out-flow- , n Ayles-wort- h, ; . : , ' , . de-cisi- ; ve , Here-after.-.- Z'; , ; . ' four-squar- , nt t " - i a - r. .V- - . 