82 little life in the dear old place, I have a be improved. Adeline E. Knapp, chairman of the Programme Committee, made a heat particular regard for this old ruin notwithstanding its dilapidated condition, and all address in assuming the responsible position confided to her, and outlined her policy for the changes that have transpired. " ' 'If I return safe, of which I iave no her period of office. She declared she doubt, I will gratify you as far as the old would prohibit the airing of fads for the home, it seems to me a young man just enoftering upon the duties of a vast estate, has ruin is concerned, and make myself as selfish' enjoyment- - - perhaps' a few at "the" skirmishing for literary or eccentric lions to obligations to fill tliat. require close atten- - popular as possible with, the people, heretion. a vear or two hence he might be" bet- - abouts; entertain in a hospitable fashion show our prowess we had in trapping such association had sufter prepared, when he has repaired the and keep up a style becoming the dignity of curiosities, knew-thficient talent to entertain and proposed using house and made himself familiar with the the Hilliard estate." "And perpetuate the ancestral name and it.. Her address was well received and her position he is to occupy in public life." The reply was, "Now is his time he is title cousin Clair, you are the last in the ideas generously applauded. Mrs. Hannah free and untrammelled in every way, he is male line of the name, and I have some Neal gave reminiscences of Wliittier, her totally unfit as far as experience goes and pride in that matter, it being my mother's tribute being that he was sinless, spotless, would possibly make some serious mistakes, name, and she .thought it one of the best old immaculate. Miss Kelly Kesher delivered having no adviser to look into his affairs English names in the realm, and often told a bright descriptive piece, "Kentucky and give counsel, and the lodgekeeper who me of her great grandfather Hilliard who Belle," with dramatic effect and pleasing knows every foot of the place could manage was one of the old feudal Baron's and kept manner. Mrs. Helen G. Eisher spoke of as he did in your Uncle's time, and when his strongholds and drawbridge and the vicissitudes of a literary profession, and .Clair has had the advantage of gravel and brooked no interference from the Knights with heroism said eveiy disappointment observation, he will have greater influence and Lords who encountered his nerved her to greater exertion, and always in the County and be more of a man among ended m accomplishing her aim.-- - The rp. --The men, atpreseiitJieJULOj enjoyable and: entertainincr. A monimg:.worerawaau -tons all and other eruests took their leave: bulletin issued monthly, containing a record stnpungr "Yet he is older than Anna who has as- Dr. and Mrs. Bland lingered later and of the workings of the members is a sugsumed a position of such vital importance, finally bade a reluctant goodbye to Clair gestion of Miss Knapp's that will ere long" heart in to out tender her Rob who were to leave for Lonmy goes pity, and Uncle know fruition. If the success of this, the and sonie way I cannot help feeling how don the next morning. It was the last first social, presages the future, our club-roomuch she needs a woman's advice, dear family party that ever assembled in that old will scarce accommodate . the guests Anna she is one of the most dependent mansion, where generation after generation seeking cards of admission- .- The Journalist. creatures, and has less idea of . the world had been born and bred and gone forth ; ii : t v inr cnr ic iin rni7M piror crfTi to make a place in the world. Often Jane N. A. W. S. A. pulsi ve and generous, trusts implicitly where Bland had reflected on the past, her mother's she has given her confidence, and I tremble youthful days in that once for her reason, were she deceived by one now so ruined and desolate.palatial place, The XXV Annual Meeting of the Frequently she loved and believed in. " after it was entirely deserted except by the NationaLAmerican Wbinan Suffrage As- "You speak as though, you entertained people in charge, Mrs. 'Bland would stroll sociatiori will be held in Washington, D. C. , : 0 in Metzerotts Music Hall positive tears of evil, is not young Walton thro' the grounds and venturing in would January the soul of truth and honor, would he de-- . make a tour of the rooms, recalling on F. St. This beautiful new hall seats ceive or wrong a woman; If I had any the visions of the empty shadowy past, and in her about fifteen hundred people, and in addoubts of his devotion, I would never have happier moods the halcyon days of yore, dition to this hall for the evening meetings, that given innocent, confiding,young cousin when gaiety and festivity held sway we have the use of a smaller hall in the of mine into his care I assure you Mrs. That last morning made an iinpressionuDon same building for. our delegate sessions and Bland. I love her as my own sister or J&qbHarrisou and:Clairtharthey nevef fdr Executive sessions. The advantage of this to it:that will be readily seen by those who remember .daughter,zLiyillsee herTiappiiies got in alter years. -is not wrecked as JJiye, " and so excited did jtedi3amforts ners placed for the State delegations had. to tons, who were at the other side of the long, SOCIAL REUNION. be removed in the evenings. low room would hear the remark. Dr. Dr. Buckley has been invited by the proBland who had remained silent until then, The first social reunion under the direc- gram Committee to the Convention, and it broke in saying, "It is only the sadness of tion of the newly-electe- d officers of the "P. is greatly to be regretted that he cannot be the farewell that has wrought upon my ' C. W. P. A " occurred Monday last. The. 11' duced to accept the invitation. wife's amotions Mr. Harrison it causes to her programme Was in the care of the new chairHon. Carroll D. Wright has accepted an look upon the dark side, she loved Anna man of the Programme Committee, Miss invitation to be present at the XXVth An- - . with her'whole soul, so much indeed that Adeline E. Knapp of the "Call." She proved nual Convention of the National American she almost felt it wrong to have a home of the right one in the right place, and further Women Suffrage Association, and will speak her fiWtl T hnr liirrl wnrt' in 'now.., t demonstrated what brilliant achievements on women in industry. His weir known that she needed companionship; her life lie in the wake of journalistic lenrWdiir interest in this subject and his ability to here was very exciting, and she is of a The social was well attended and voted a present the same, makes him a valuable nervous and susceptible as well as emotional pronounced success, a feature of it being acquisition to our program. Rev. David the bright, spirited papers that aroused good Gregg of temperament" Brooklyn has been invited to Finding her husband so jrood a chamnion fellowship, rather than, a vein--ef gloomy speairalso; Mrs. Bland left him the field with Mr; reminiscent adventures that The Trunk Line Association has granted revive hidonly 'Harrison, and turning to Clair asked him eous nightmares. The opening address was the reduction of a fare and a third for a V where they intended ,going. "To the West . by the ' Browne president, Emily round trip over lines in their territory. For Powell Indies I believe "he replied as Mr. Harrison her subject being the origin of clubs. In iunner particulars concerning R. R. rates has seen the East Indies-hseems anxious ner own racy descriptive stvie she fnV,i piease aaaress tne K. K. Secretary , Nicolas now to explore the West." ;her hearers to "The Mermaid Inn,'' where Shaw, Somerton, Y Philadelphia. "And are you sure you can endure all sorts Shakespere and kindred Mrs. Bessie Boon Cheshire is Chairman of weather like one used to all climates?" rendezvous and in social spirits made their enjoyment coined of the Entertainment Committee, and Mrs. : : "Now don't begin to worry over me. I'll Ella M. S. Maible, ' Chairman of the Com.tflke"liftiiriM--f-Yritiwa them" as monuments of theirgenmsT Terse- mittee on Local Arrangements. Both of afnend, and he is so lonely I'm sure he has ly she reviewed the growth of "clubs esthese ladies may be addressed at the Headhad some great sorrow in his life, been de- pecially attention to calling women's first quarters, 1328 I. St., Washington, D.C. ceived by a Woman perhaps." venture in that line, and closed too Cor. Sec. N. A. W. S. x. "Don't say that Clair, don't become em soon her interesting- disconra withonly o li bittered toward the .other ajuiabiding- Mththattfielnulmiould be sexthroiigh tw - wn some a never-endinsuccess. At iho r,i e,v The Woman's Chronicle think there ' ucumueiv eooa vonnn- cnri nfi of that address and the social, which she should be a crusade started this castle, it would be so much" better for "against the with parliamentary managed all the people around, and for your cousin association felt supercilious manner in whirh ih dignitythe more assured than ever that ated Press too who would be so much dispatches report all meetings to happier see a their choice of executive officer could not vo?nfn 0 of . Harrison appealing to Mrs. Bland inquired her view of the condition of the family and ih( Pnt;t1r ntul olcn of Plnir'tl lflvin(T it to go abroad with him. "And where would you wander, and how lopg keep 'him from ' e . - ; ., . . i . ' : m : 1 i i " 1 15-1- -- 6f..last-yearr3?h- ea .the-baa- . - . , , ... -- e . niritir M - - u;.aOTiw - i-a- narry g: . 