J 1 The-Righ- of thezWoiiferi oj Zion and ts Vol, 2iv T Noies-andevvsCanst- S . mi 1 m - ISABELLA. Oh, Woman! Genius, power, kingdoms, Thrones, with all their charms and prestige-Scept- res, subjects, ministering spirits Hover round thy footsteps, to watch thine eye, To catch thy lightest word and that obey; " To stand in highest altitude, erect and firm, ' And ne'er turn dizzy wilh the regal height Who still is Woman, still her nature holds, Pure, unsullied, as a queen should be, Who has an ear tor Truth, for Genius, In whatever form it comes, though stript Of worldly grandeur all the world calls great; Of far-fam- ed detinyi-a-man-of-Go- i e onctrthe the Colonies planted along the shores of Greece, Italy, Africa and Spain. Proud City of Tyre! once rejoicing over the fall of Jerusalem thinking to enrich thyself still ..... further from its ruin. Where is thy greatness and beauty now? Where are the silver and fine gold that thou didst heap up as the dust and as mire of the streets? Where are thy swift horses and magnificent gilded Chariots, thy sons and daughters, and pleasant houses? Thy; lofty watch towers?"-Th- y proud Navy and Merchant princes? The Lord God liasbrought the deep upon thee, and great waters covered thee, and thou who wert once so famous art now but a heap of ruins. The Hebrew prophet proclaimed the message against thee which God had given him. That message has been literally ful- - - : re-ralle- d. - IJePHcavenaiid"ea"rtlr"shall pass '"away but my word shall not pass away, " Egypt, alone, unread, r"' : I L. M. HivWiJNGS. -eit With. iiaiight.tQ herald but that intensThat persevering Genius God bestows On those He singles out to do His work; SOUL MESSAGE. IN RURAL ENGLAND. His work on earth where man his agent is, And woman too, his partner and XXIII. WrORDS are the lights" which the generaIn all the grand essential moves upon tions carry, these kindle . lamps along the The mighty chess-boar- d And Jane . Conway awakened J by her of the game of lire. track of life; some of them give a glorious maid, was conscious of her wonderful dream, Such was Isabella, Sovereign of Castile Arid Queen of Ferdinand and Spain. lustre, clear as the most brilliant star, while and also of the realities of the present so others are dim flickering and uncertain . - full of importance and of doubt and misTo Ferdinand himself a king she brought" We may read sermon's in- stones and runHer throne, her kingdom, subjects, and herself, giving concerning herself. She dressed, And laid tliem at the feet of him, to whom ning brooks, it is said, and marvelous tales hurriedly and was soon seated at the break- are whispered through forest' trees, through fast table doing the honors as though More, more than all, she gave her loving heart -A gem of which a monarch mightyet be proud; song of bird ana hum "of:bee5,7bntrthere nothing had happened to disturb ; her - uYy.: : y'Y:" came to me this hazy, chilly, morning a serenity. And he most rarely found proved worthy, r Of all the wealth she showered on his head. Burke and Hemenway were going away message through a small shell and little They lived, and loved and reigned conjointly, pebble picked up on the shore of the sacred but would ride over the. adjoining grounds Hand and heart united in their regal workt Sea of Galilee. -- That little pebble and tiny first with Clair, and that Was a relief, she , When lo! a man in humble guise presents shell placed in my Hands as a memento of ardently hoped they would invite Dr. Bland travel in the Holy Land were unconsciously to join them; but why should she postpone, Himself, and with them craves an audience. He is admitted- - In person, regal the beai er of a real soutmessageTt "lifted tlielssue tliaTavaited her? She asked herAs the pair to whom he is presented; l me from out the four square walls of my self this question silently, 'Cousin Anna-yo- u She has an eye at once to read the man; - - had better remain below and speak to room, bore me "away from common cares A heart to feel he bears upon his form common and things, and from all sense of your guardian about your affairs when he The duplicate of Him who give the mission, tired feet or weary bram; Holdihe them comes in this morning?' ' said Miss Conway Arid sustained throughoutirr every neTfieinaE in my hand I went tmt Witli thee."dearwne. aa sheTsawT: her cousin about to go as the " ' Ferdinand gives attention Isabella over the mountains and by the sea of Gali Doctor came up the walk towards the castle. ' Enthusiasm. She felt the man of God lee through the gardens of Jerusalem, to O, my affairs are all right, I am not in the A messengerdirect, and hence prepared tbeRed:Sea,-Rier-Jordat- rbathed" in'lts least CTicerned, not half as much as I am To learn his mission and obey his voice. went to tide," up the mountain of Temnta- for you my dear cousin; you look pale and Columbus spoke ! and then at pnee a queen ana over tlie plains ot Gennesareth tremble, you are not in love with Dr. Bland, tion Stood forth as the apostle of his cause; wandered through towns and cities that and yet you have promised, how I pity you, A queen, a woman, a proselyte of truth, were once busy with life and swarming like whypHdn'tyouask Uncle Rob what to do?" A truth that did enrich his day and age; a great bee-hivnow in ruins, desolate and And as she spoke Jane blushed scarlet,- - but Was first received by woman's gentle heart 'deserted. vi . Anna did notpcrceive it. "I know whatIsabella was that woman, and she North and East, over the valievs and- - ever you decide nbwrwill beright,'Anna Never waver' d, but until death was true. cities of Syria, far beyond lheorreat-defier- f ontintiedIifbr:;yt3u far-fam- ed ; ; 1 , " oBensks-- T" No. 7. jiwayJMeii-witlihcLi&- me This noble burst of woman's feeling triumphed. The king chagrined, consented to inspect His treasury and see what could be done! . " "Disinterestedness is the true wisdom . Of great politicians!" Columbus Was He bow's at the feet of her Who'd nobly won for him the victory; His soul was fuil of sweet emotions, And she wept tears upon his noble head; Ferdinand was moved a nd ratified .the de ed Ami into lUnk passed. Hannah T. King. , o heart and centre in many respects of the we looked back and down the ? world's ages where we saw countless caravans mov-- . ing over the mountain passes and along the narrow coast tracks bearing the wealth of Arabia, of Baby Ionia, of India, and from the busy harbor saw the mighty ships sail ; .. il of all Nations. heiltolatedrtpieenly-City-of-Tyr- dU Isabella listened to the colloquy, then with a Burst of heavenly enthusiasm cried, "I will undertake the enterprise alone For my crown of Castile f I will pawn My diamonds and my jewels, in my eyes Most worthless, compared with what is offered ' By this great, good man, whom God has sent to us.";. . the past greatness and splendor .of a renowned, kingdom we gazed out and over -- . . And standing jikethe Ferdinand, in this, was worldly-mindeIsabella saw, with spirit eyes, he JVasi a mnn of And told the man appointed to investigate The claims Columbus advocated, :1 That they were haggling with God the price of Empire, and of souls, whom to idolatry Their infidelity would leave. The king Had not the faith that he could meet expense So mighty as a naval outfit for The man, who, in returning, promised An Empire that should astound the world And ages yet unborn. d; Soul Message L. M. Hewlinps.- In Rural England A-- tory. tional Amendments N. A. W. S. A. Rachel Foster Avery. A Trip to Bannock Stake M. isaDena . Jriorne. ' Jimpress Frederic and Women's Federation May Wright Sewall. EDITORIALrConference Notice. Relief Sorietv Conference. Primary . Officers Meeting. Editorial . n utan Worlds iair Commission May Motes, Preston, Sec'y. World's Fair Work, Delsarte and Education. Edmund .Russell and Delsarte. Woman,sWork onL.the Sandwich Isjands Libbie Noal. Solution of the Labor Problem W. G. C. Edholm. Poetry: Isabella Hannah T. King. VacationAlfred L. Townsend. Whiftier Margaret 'E. Sangster. The Deacon's Son Mrs. L. S. r Dickinson. V the Women of -- SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER i, 1892. CONTENTS. -- the Rights 1 co-ma- te - -- ? 1 -- -- ; . ; - ; e, JBefcffaF-ccMrtiifdrlf- e His enemies, or his reverses, she Believed him truer and was upon the th rone His proselyte, and to the grave his friend. and measure everything you, do with line where once were teeming multitudes and and plummet, but here he is and now don magn i ficen t palaces, we stood t6?etfferT)v joiir, aiioTlaWay flew Anna that her cousin the mighty pyramids while they told us of might be alonewjtlr uieinan she 1 : . 